man was shot dead by them, and another
and now lies at the county Infirmary.
urday, the sth instant, as the Rev. H. Bevan
;mith, Esq. were proceeding with a party of ro
Kanturk and Newmarket, in the county of Cott
Le persons who had assaulted them and rescued r
listrained for rent, some days before, they were
ambers of peasants, armed with guns and pitchi
iriffe, at nightfall, and a serious affray ensued.
Crossly and all his party of police were sec
and three of the peasantry were killed ere they
ack. _ _

CORRESPONDENCE.

THE REFORM BILL.

l'O THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL ST4NDARD.

Stu,—The time is not far distant, when the country suffering
from the inconvenience and evils of the Reform Bill, will ask,
what questions are there that can constitutionally be entertained
by the reformed House, that could not have been entertained
by the unreformed House of Commons ? The most momentous
questions of late years, entertained and sanctioned by Parlia-
ment, were Catholic Emancipation and the repeal of the Cor-
poration and Test Acts, notwithstanding which, the parties re-
lieved are the most clamorous in the call for " equal rights"
and " equal laws." These measures, although the former was
carried in opposition to the wishes of the majority of the people
of England, were carried in a constitutional manner, with the
concurrence of King, Lords and Commons. Judge Black-
stone says, " these are the constituent parts of a Parliament;
the King, the Lords spiritual and temporal, and the Commons,
parts of which, each is so necessary, that the consent of all
three is required to make any new law that shall bind the sub-
ject:" admitting by this rule, that the above measures were
carried in a constitutional manner, we must conclude that the
Reform Bid was carried by violence, and that too, of such a
nature, that the precedent is fraught with the most serious con-
sequences to the British Constitution. If the House of Lords
be a necessary check on the House of Commons ; if the House
of Commons be a necessary check on the House of Lords and
the King; if the King be a necessary cheek on both Lords and
Commons, why overcome any of these by brute force; by call-
ing into being a power unknown before to the constitution, the
political unions of the people, I presume, of Irish extraction, and
excelled only by the method of the great founder of whiggism,
Cromwell himself, who made use of a body of the people armed.
Why did the Ministers call forth this power? why, but to make
out a case of necessity, under covert of which they might con-
strain the Lords and King to pander to their will. "It was
said by the great Lord Burteigh, that England never could be
ruined but by a Parliament!" From the possibility of such an
event ever taking place, how necessary was it, and is it, that
the three estates should act in unison; and, as in private life,
it is considered an act of common politeness to pay some re-
spect to the opinions and scruples of others, how much more so
was deference due to the second branch of the legislature, when
called upon in its legislative capacity to deliberate and decide
on a matter of such vast importance to the well-being of the
country ;—but the deference which was paid by the Sovereign,
it A NEWCASTLE CORRESPONDENT DATED SUNDAY. was withheld by the Commons, who, backed by a whipped-in
tapel of Newcastle was closed this day, (Sunda,' and deluded multitude, were.prepared, from appearances, to
!nce of the interdiction of the Bishop, Dr. By sacrifice the constitution. The King was threatened, and
e, against the Rev. Mr. Coll, officiating for one me
.apet. The censure or curse which the Rev. Mr. the aristocracy abused for doing, what conscientiously, before
sinated against seine of his parishioners, had God and their country, they conceived to be their duty. Had
cted by the Bishop, and ordered also to be recoil the aristocracy of the laud been a body which had been always
ev. Mr. Coll, in the Bishop's letter to him on the ,
opposed to the liberty of the people, of which they form a part,
before the congregation on Sunday, which order,
ided to, Mr. Coll still persevering in his own opino there would have been some justice in the conduct of the Com-
e o'clock, he gave Mass at the Courtenay Arms, Nr inons and the "people" towards them. But in tracing the rise
here few attended.—Limerick Herald. and progress of British freedom, we shall find that the nobility,
" To the Editor of the Limerick Chronicle.
wel from the reign of John and his successor, from the former of
—I waive all commentary on the bad feeling
very sentence of the above communication from Ire whom they obtained the great charter of our liberties, and pre-
antenting myself with a full exposure of its falsehot' served it in the reign of the latter, up to the time of Charles
sinuates that I have incurred- the displeasure of
the second, when they were found fighting side by side with the
d prelate, and that the interdict issued by him
s a censure on me; but the document itself, whit; Commons, up to the reign of James the second, when the Lords
very clearly proves that it was intended solely spiritual and temporal, made such a stand for the preservation
ent of the tumult which occurred at the chapel, and of civil and religious liberty—that liberty, for which they so
itionary. mandate against the recurrence of such
nobly fought and resignedly suffered, has by its light thrown a
(cope)
e Roman Catholic Clergy and Laity of the Parish brilliant halo around the house of Peers. Never, I believe,
Newcastle. h are they collectively been found sacrificing the liberty of the
have heard with deep regret and affliction of the se people to the prerogative of the Crown • and if they have been
cedes and riotous-..onauct, that took-place on Suue .
he chapel of Newcastle; we also have beau inform found individually fighting on the side Of the Sovereign, many
e are just grounds to apprehend a repetition of th have done it with an eye to the permanent liberty of tne sub-
excesses—now, in order to mark our abhorrence a ject, as secured by the Constitution, they consider the King
an of such scenes; to vindicate the injury offered
1 the chief corner stone—nor have they shrunk from the scaffold
ring instance to church discipline, and even to
of religion itself; and also to prevent by every me' when they have thought their lives of service to the hearing of
wer the recurrence of similar outrages, we do here the bleeding wounds of their country. And because they did,
our interdict, thereby
.prohibiting the celebration lately, with a patriotism worthy of their former glory
tanner, throw
ne Myof Divsteries,ine worship in the parish chapel of N the administration of the Sacrame.e 0
themselves between the king and the "popular torrent" for
r the four ensuing weeks, commencing with Sena, the preservation of constitutional liberty, they were held up to
.uary the 6th, and ending, with Sunday, January Popular odium for the purpose of popular degradation. It
i Sundays included. W e trust in God, that this cc
would be a libel on the house of Peers, to say, that on the late
infuse such just alarm into the minds of all concern 1
ice them by a thorough change of conduct and sig question of Reform, they were opposed to the liberty 91 the
'ntance to make due atonement for the impious o' people. The Lords were convinced that a measure of Reform
t have been committed. , was necessary, as was Mr. Huskisson, when he voted on the
nick, Jan. 3rd, 1833. " 'l' J. RYAN."
P.
Past Retford question, and: they were prepared to co-operate
paragraph proceeds to
_state, that I have beau order
shop to recall certain curses which I am said to haci With the Government in giving a constitutional and safe mea-
-1 from my altar, and that I have disregarded th sure of Reform. Mr. Stanley himself; is evidently impressed
the Bishop's communication to me on that subje
and the expressions which I now lay before the pa. With the idea that Ministers have overstepped the bounds of
t he did not give- full credit to the reporters on
tlti Prudence, and admits that Reform to be safe, should have
ply as they were spoken at the altar, will, I hope, coli' been gradual only; he says it should have commenced
y candid mind, that if I ref . ed 0 recall a curse, twenty years ago ; of course, as an excuse for the Minis-
Ise I never uttered one. On this subject the Rig'' try, for their imprudent precipitancy, and who were snore
Ryan sent me, through Mr. Griffin and Mr. Leahy; obstinate
the following document:— , and rash in the passing of this sweeping mea-
(cons) hire of Reform than was the Duke of -Wellington in his
e been informed that the very Rev. Mr: Coll has, fro' uncalled-for declaration. Could the sensitive ambition of
wade use of curses and imprecations directed again ~
;rs. Leahy, of Newcastle, and also against Mr. an the Duke of Wellington have brooked the presence of Mr.
,n, her sister, and family. I cannot approve of silt ituskisson, and have adhered to his counsel, the present state
nd if Dr. Coil have acted in the manner imputed 4f things would most certainly have been averted, and a gradual
st deplore it, and do hereby express my wish that I
Wan of reform, and not a revolution, would have commenced,
ill it. i,or my part disapproving as Ido of such pr
!Itich, while it would have satisfied one party, would not have
nd willing to restore peace and charity between t'
his flock, I to hereby, by virtue of my superiel alarmed the other; and the country would not have been ee-
1, recall and rescind such curses, if made use of/ ;angered by the contention of adverse parties. The Ilouse of
er my hand at Limerick, this 3d d 4 of Jauuarfr bards would nut, by the present ministry and its myrmidons,
l'Ave been degraded; its voice would not have been smothered,
'Uld its constitutional functions abased. If the overweening
tlUrit of the unreformed House of Commons was capable of such
an act of violence, of what may not the spirit of the House to
ibieh it has given birth be capable ? Hume and O'Connell,
,*bo raved the most against their sovereign and the peers, will
4 seated with their satellites around them, and may be prepared
wt% measures the very mooting of which will create a sense-
-4511 in the Parliament, and a shock throughout the country,
Zrlh as is only felt at the commencement of troublesome times.
Lore are many gentlemen, too, whp have pledged themselves,
iide what may, to party measures; and will take their seats,
t:t as the deliberative guarcdaus of the people's rights and in-
,L rests, but as the agents of their will. Besides these, there are
7
thorough-going Whigs, and a few Tories. With a House
Commons composed of such discordant materials, we shall
I,r'e a high-pitched " Dutch concert;" and the leaders, the
lnisters themselves, if we can form any opinion of their
eeehes, individually made in different parts of the country,
r so little in unison, that they will render the whole thing in-
'resting and effective. Is it that the Ministers are so fold of
(is
eity that they will strike up for themselves a new lice of
4lleY, by allowing the popular feeling to rise by octaves through
re House of Commons, give ear to all opinions, however dis-
a,
lit, and with which one or other of them will be prepared
Chime in : if so, we may expect some very popular measures
gYed off in double quick time, and which will be sent up to,
`d rejected by, the House of Lords, as not being in concord
'th their taste. Then will the House of Commons follow the
'.4-11.)1e of its predecessor, compel its sovereign to make a ma-
htY in the House of Peers, or call up the political chorusses
'town the voice of lords and king, to abuse authority, and to
Press,
if possible, the patriotic disposition of the nation.
't us speak fairly out," said Mr. Canning, in 1822, " Is
unreformed House of Lords to continue in full vigour, to
hteract the will of the reformed House of Commons ? where
i is the use of reform ? or is the reformed House of Com-
a to act upon the House of Lords by intimidation and com-

OF THE COUNTY OF KILKENNY.—This tinfo
still in a very distracted state : the last reports of
ount to, viz.-22 houses attacked at night by
on various accounts, but principally to disp
' land which they had taken in defiance of the re
he blazing Whitefeet. The majority of these
ntered, and their inhabitants sworn to leave the
Lin a given time ; seven of their owners were sev
addition to the general warning to prepare for
xt visit which their obstinacy might. occasion.
ses, eatables, ammunition, and 12 guns and pig
n ; in one instance £49 in notes was also carried
adjoining fields and yards 4 cows and horses
coughed, beside a yet unascertained number in the
onahee on Saturday night last. In addition, a I
to church at Odagh was handed a Whitefeet ne
id, with orders to obey it " on pain of being dropps
Le last month 30 persons were committed to the cool
rged with various crimes. The above summary
ered the half-weekly report of the constublary ut
Land of Sir John Harvey in the county of Ka&
shed in the Kilkenny Moderator.--Correspondent uJ
)üblin, Jan. 9.

night of Saturday, chief constable Crossly proce
erty of police to arrest some individuals charged
and rescue, against the Rev. Henry Beyan, -Ric
:sq., and others, while endeavouring to collect
in the parish of Cullen. The parties having had
e approach of the police, while proceeding to Dro
between Kanturk and Newmarket, concealed tb
rid the search of the police for Linehan, who
object of their inquiry, as well as the others, was
Chief constable Crossly then prepared to re
ad while this design was carrying into execute()
el' persons, assembled by the sounding of horns,.
mg of fires upon the hills, posted themselves bele(
A-waited in ambush for the police. They were a
arms, pitchforks, and various rustic weapons, and
,edly upon the party the moment they arrived, with
fury An obstinate combat was maintained, the po
npelled to fire, which took effect, and three of the
were killed on the spot. The chief constable and
the party under him were severely wounded.
that district is in a state of insurrection, and sod
re the country-people to carry their objects wit'
end, and to set at defiance the laws, that an active ,
ef the neighbourhood, William Alien, Esq., has fol
eut to make a requisition for an additional number

. ,
""JOHN RYAN.'"
egard to the very few parishioners, who I grieve 0,
v a long time opposed to me, and have done all thai
power to make my life unhattpy, I applied to theta
gayer in which the Catholic church appeats 0
must perseentors and evil doers,' paraphrasing it 0
g words :-L--- ,
! unhappy men will at any time regret the unhap 11
are now a long time pursuing, and retrace their
thought of that death which seems just at their
if the awful judgments of 'thine who his declared
ewers that are, are ordained of God, that those wb
the ordinance of God, and purchase to themsel
If the desire of true repentance shall ever rise irs
I earnestly implore God to look down upon tbeo
ad strengthen that good feeling, and give them eve
terey to render them true penitents and exemplarl
lf, on the, other hand, they are resolved' to contr.
iwn the power of the Priesthood of Christ, to spec
tsly of the holy tenets of our faith, to plot against
laracter of their lawful Pastor, to divide the flocb,
!pherd, and banish peace and charity from the toad)
e.—lf this be their resolution, then I beseech the?,
of our Holy Religion, the Almighty Ruler °`
am I have served nearly eighteen years, to stretch
ighty arm and stop them,—may. He strike theft
mble it, may he confound them in all their plot'
all their means of doing mischief, and by sortie
isement save them from damnation, and deter
ollowing in their footsteps.
rayer be not a curse, and no,well-informed Chriiv
intain that it is, then I distinctly and solernnit
never gave a cnrse to a human being.-4 have tba
Sir, your obliged and obedient servant, ,
Jan. 9. " THOMAS COLL:

i:NHOFF.—Last night, Mr. Sheridan Know',esti'
of William Tell was represented to a very respect'„
Mr. Vandenhoff performed the very difficil,;
no of Switzerland with great vigour, pathos, an
"
nore we see of this admirable actor, the more we
t and the less to condemn. His range of charae
:tensive—in some he is without a rival—in all el'
le scene where he shoots at the apple on his soil!,
above himself, and was indeed "the father." 1,,"'
t, scenes, and indeed throughout, he fully 0'
utatiou as a first-rate actor. Miss. Huddart so*
• is, judicious, powerful, and effective.---Dablitt
January S.

pulsion ? Aye, that to be sure is what must be meant, if there
be truth in the argument; but that no man will say."
How little did Mr. Canning think; when he made this speech,
so worthy of perusal, that an unreformed House of Commons
would do that which he has foretold a reformed House of Com-
mons will do. May Ibe permitted to ask, sir, whether there
are any measures that can be brought forward by the reformed
House which will meet with the concurrence of the three estates
of the realm, that could not have been entertained and carried
by the unreformed House of Commons ? What a poor, though
probably a correct opinion, the Ministers must have had of
their own frailty and corruption, when they thought it so ne-
cessary to create a power to check and control themselves.
They have, indeed, raised a power which even now, by its over-
hanging weight, threatens to crush the " order," and break the
head of poor Lord Grey.—Yours, &c. J. M.

THE CHUR CH ESTABLISHMENT.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD,

Sin,—The next objections against the Church of England to
which it may be expedient to advert, are the inequality of its
benefices; the over-payment of some, the under-payment of
others; pluralities and non-residence: and with respect to these
I will not so much obtrude my own opinions as adduce those of
another, without pledging myself, however, to the approval of
them. " The poverty of the curates," says the Edinburgh lie-
view, " has long been a favourite theme with novellists, senti-
mental tourists, and elegiac poets. But we suspect that there
is a good deal of misconception in the popular estimate of the
amount of the evil. A very great proportion of English cura-
cies are tilled with men to whom emolument is a matter of sub-
ordinate importance : by young gentlemen who have recently
left college, who are able to subsist as they have subsisted seven
years before, and who are glad to have an opportunity, on any
terms, of acquiring a practical familiarity with their duties.
They move to higher situations as vacancies occur, and make
way for a new race of ecclesiastical apprentices. To these the
smallness of the emolument is a grievance of no great magni-
tude."

" With regard, again, to those who take curacies merely as
a means of subsistence, by far the greater part of them are of
humble rank, and accustomed to no greater opulence than that
of an ordinary curate. The son of a small Welsh farmer, who
works hard every day for £4O a year, has no great reason to
complain of degradation if he gets from £5O to £lOO for a mo-
derate portion of labour. The situation, accordingly, is looked
upon by these people as extremely eligible. The late regula-
tions about residence, too, by diminishing the number of curates,
will throw that office into the hands of well educated and compa-
ratively independent young men, who seek for the situation rather
for practice than profit, and do not complain of the want of
emolument."

This latter part is very true : it is to be hoped that the churth
will continue to be filled with well educated young men, will 4 a
small independence, led into it by inclination, and not merely for
profit: the more it has of such the better.
Inequalities of income must exist iu the church, as they do in
every other profession and rank of men, and it would be great
impolicy to level them. I do not say that they are not too
great, or that it would not be desirable, if feasible, to diminish
the contrast. Lord Henley proposes that the chapter property
should be vested in commissioners, and applied to the augmen-
tation of small benefices. But Dr. Burton proves, arithmeti-
cally, that the commissioners would be bankrupt at the end of
the first year. He prefers a graduated tax, calculated, he
thinks, to produce £lOO,OOO a year. But this tax should be
voluntary. It would hardly be consistent with the settlement
of property to take forcibly. from Lord Derby's living of' Win-
wick £2OO a year, to augment the perpetual curacies of Bidstoii'.
and Birkenhead. If, however, this tax were a voluntary: one,'
and employed, not to augment poor benefices, for this would
only increase their value to the patron, but as a fund to relieve
poor incumbents and provide for their families, it might, per-
haps, be good policy as well as good feeling. But the lay im-
propriators, who cause the poverty, ought in common conscience
to contribute their share.

With respect to pluralities and non-residence the reviewer
says, " Residence is a very proper and necessary measure, but
it requires great moderation and temper to carry it into effect,
without doing more mischief than good, At present the torrent
sets the other way: ever✓ lay plunderer, and every fanutical cos,
comb, is forging fresh chains fur the English clergy."
" The practical question of enforcing evidence seems to
resolve itself into two branches. Ist. What is just ? 2nd.
What is expedient? It is expedient no doubt, that the income
drawn by clergymen from country parishes should be expended
in the country. The residence of a rich rector is likely to be
snore useful than that of a poor curate. But if the non-resi-
dent on his own living perform elsewhere the duties of the
clerical office, the convenience of individuals is consulted; and
though the income is not spent precisely
.on the spot from
whence it is drawn, still it is expended elsewhere, in a similar
manner, varying in the individuals to whom it is paid, but as
a national object not varying at all. The original intent of
the endowment, (to use hospitality,) is in no degree the ques-
tion; when provision was first settled on the clergy for this
purpose, there were no inns ; but to require of the clergy of
the nineteenth century the hospitality of the eighth, would be
to annihilate their parlours and libraries, and to degrade their
intelligence and manners. Their parsonages might be like
Spanish monasteries, the resort of vagabonds, and the nest of
beggars, but the nobility and gentry would still drive, we
believe, to the George or the Thistle.", The reviewer adduces
as a case in which non-residence is morally excusable, or j usti
fiable, that of a man attached to his native country by,lo.ng•
habit and connexion, who retains his curacy in that country,
and provides for the duty of a distant living to which he may
have been preferred, by a resident curate. Such, "he says,
" is the fair picture of English non-residence." Stilt, however,
he admits residence should be encouraged by promoting the
building of residence houies, and by every indirect induce-
ment which can be afforded by public or priVate patronage.
" Further than this," he says " it might be injudicious to ad-

vance."

Thus far from a publication not considered very hos-
tile •to Reform,—and to this it may be added, that
non-residence and pluralities are, (perhaps,) something like
negro-slavery ; not justifiable in theory, but less evil in prac-
tice than might be expected. They exist, and the object is to
remove them without creating a greater evil. If every bene-
fice were competent to maintain a minister, and every minister
competent to fill a benefice, it might be good policy to extin-
guish them; but at present their restriction alone is practicable
or expedient. The parochial ministry, as things are, is better
performed by a succession of young 'active curates, than it
would by the fixed ministration of poor stationary incumbents.
The circulation produced by itinerancy, to this extent, is more
healthy, perhaps, than the stagnant calm that would mantle
over the surface of the church, by the fixed incumbency of the
poor clergy, wlio would then press into the ministry, looking to
it merely as an eligible mode of getting a scanty livelihood,
adequate to the ambition of men who have no other depen-
dence, but for which the better conditioned classes would
seldom or ever educate their children. The extent, however,
to which pluralities are carried now, can hardly be defended,
and it might be expedient to restrict them to contiguous livings,
and to livings whose united incomes do not exceed a certain
sum per year.—Yours, &c.

PRESBYTER.

•
