SHEFFIELD 'n,EFORNIA'PIO-A*D COTE•
TANT ASSOCIATION.

The general meeting of the above society was held in the
Music Hall, on Wednesday last. The admission was by
ticket, and long before the hour of meeting the hall was
crowded in every part by a most respectable audience. The
orchestra was filled by nearly the whole of the clergy and
Wesleyan ministers, and a large number of the most respect-
able and influential of the laity of the town and neighbour-
hood.

HANLEY MARWOOP GREAVES, Esq. was appointed chair.
man.

The Rev. IL MThire, on rising, was received with loud
and continued cheering. After it had subsided, he said—The
resolution which I have been requested to move is this—
" That the existing state of public affairs, and particularly
the efforts which are now made for the furtherance of Popery,
loudly call upon every Protestant to consider and co-operate
in the most effectual means for checking the progress of so
alarming an evil." In rising to propose this resolution, sir,
it is not necessary for me to go through the lengthened
details of proof of the documents of Popery which have
been laid, in various parts of the empire, before public meet-
ings. I shall, therefore, merely lay before the meeting the
documents on which the resolution is to be founded for your
acceptance and adoption. I shall lay before you the docu-
ments which go to prove the facts—the awful facts which
have been brought before the nation respecting the Church
of Rome. I will show you the nature and importance of
thoge facts, and then endeavour to apply them to the reso-
lution which I have the honour to propose. You have all
heard of " Dens's Theology." This (holding up a copy) is
that book. It consists of two sets of documents. I pray
you bear this in memory—that it consists of two sets of do-
ments totally distinct from each other. These seven volumes
contain the Theology of Dens, and this volume which I
hold in my hand is what is called a supplement to it. This
supplement to Dens, as it is called, was added by the Romish
bishops, and is a work altogether different from it. It is
not the work of any individual author, but it consists of the
bulls dud the canon laws of the Popes of Rome, especially
that of Pope Benedict the 14th, the nature of which you
shall see, and which have been set up, and are at this
moment in operation, as far as they can be called into
effect, in superseding the laws of England, and are the
real laws that govern the Roman Catholics of Ireland.
This book, this Supplement to Den's Theology, has been
proved to have been so set up, and therefore, I need not go
through the proofs at the present time. It is proved by the
Directories of the Priests, and the Satutes of the Romish
Bishops, it has been brought home to them and established.
This book of Dens bad been proved to be adopted by the
whole body of the Popish Bishops from the year 1808 down
to the year 1831, for thF Priests to be drilled in, and thereby
to direct the consciences of the people. Now this is exceed-
iiagly important. When this book was first brought out at
Exeter Hall, and for the first two years—viz. 1835 and 1836,
all that we could prove was, then, that the Bishops of the
Romish Church in Ireland, had selected it as the best book
for the Romish Priests as their guide and standard. But in
the year 1836, a new document was detected, and brought
out in the year 1837, which was of very great importance—a
document by which it was discovered that not only was this
book appointed by the Bishops as the best guide for the
Priests, but it was to be used by the Priets for a special pur
pose, namely,—that the Priests by the continual study of the
book, might be made so far masters of all the principles it
contained, as to be able, by those principles, to direct and
guide the consciences of the people. Now you will perceive
the importance of this, *hen you come to consider how the
power of the Pope is enforced in the Romish Church, and
how the laws of the Pope are brought to bear upon the Ro-
man Catholic laity rho are governed by them. These laws
are not promulgated as ordinary laws are, but paid men—the
slaves and servants of the Pope, and his sworn adherents, the
Romish Priests, are drilled and trained by the Bishops, and
obliged to enforce these laws, under all the sanctions and au-
thority of their religion, for the guidance and direction of the
consciences of the whole Roman Catholic population. These
laws of Popery with/the Roman Catholics, then, are made
matters of conscience—they are compelled to observe them
under all the terrors and powers of the Church. Now the
book by which this was established, was the statutes, the
provincial statutes of the Popish Bishops. Here are the
statutes of the diocese of Dublin, or rather of the province of
Leinster, enacted from 1770 to 1831, and in this b6ok we dis-
cover this one rule for the Priests—" That every Priest must
have in his own possession, a summary of cases of conscience,
which, in preference to all others, shall be by the Bishop se-
lected for him ; and in which he shall every day read, at the
least, one chapter or case of conscience, that by this frequent
reading, he may he assisted and instructed to direct the con-
sciences of the people of whom he has the charge, and for
whom he shall render an account at the day of judgment. ;"
Again, that the Bishops might knew that the Priests undr
their superintendence were well trained in this,—the Priests
were required, as we see by their old statutes, p 96, to attend
an assembly or conference every month, except four months
in the year. These were the old statutes of 1770. But in
1831, the Romish Bishops at the Leinster Synod, superseded
those statutes by the enactment of another code. Here in
my hand is a copy of those statutes, and although it has been
frequently mentioned at public meetings, and is, thereby,
perhaps, familiar to the eyes and ears of many of those
present; still it may be interesting to you to see the book,
and hear the facts. I will tell you something more of facts,
and the singular manner in which it was brought to light.
The rev. gentleman then detailed the curious manner in
which he became possessed of the book ; and proceeded, in
order to establish the principle of the resolution, I will say,
in the first place, that you are called upon to adopt it, and
that, as Protestants, you are also called upon to exert and
associate yourselves against the encroachments of the papacy,
by every means in your power, because all the hopes of any
amelioration of the principles of Popery towards Protestants,
which were anticipated before the passing of the Roman Ca-
tholic Bill, in 1829, have been completely and entirely
blasted ; and also, because all the anticipations—all the worst
fears of the Protestants of the empire, respecting the danger
to our institutions, from the granting of political power to the
Papacy, had been more than realised ;
lst.—By repeated acts of public perjury—(hear, hear, and
loud cheers) ;
2d.—By the proved organisation of Papal treason—(hear);
3d.—By having political power and station committed to
some of the most turbulent and seditious agitators and
disturbers of the public peace—(loud cheers);
4th.—By the daring invasion, through papal influence, of
the rights and duties of Christian men, in taking away
God's eternal word, as the standard of education, from
the national schools of Ireland—(loud and continued
cheers.)
I have told you that the Popish bishops adopted Dens as
the standard for the priests to instruct and guide the people
from the years 1808 to 1831, when the Bishops of Leinster
set it up again with the canon law. I must now take you
back from 1831 to 1825 and 1826, and I will beg you to re-
collect these three points especially, on which the Protestants
feared to commit power to the Papacy.
Ist, That they would keep no faith with heretics as to pro-
perty, but that they would try to subvert the church esta-
blishment, to violate the act of settlement, and recover the
forfeited estates in Ireland. This was one point.
The second point was, that they could not be entrusted
with power from their divided allegiance, because, if they
were true and faithful subjects to the Pope, they could not
be true and loyal subjects to their Protestant Sovereign.
The third point of objection was this, that it had been
proved, 'lamentably proved by history, not only of other na-
tions, but of England, that wherever Popery had power, it
was intolerant and persecuting, and put heretics to death
when it could effect its object.
Now, these were the three cardinal points of objection to
the admission of Papists to political power. It was believed
that in these they would keep no faith with heretics; and
that these were the chief objections on the part of the Pro-
testants and statesmen of England, I will satisfy you on the
authority of the British parliament previous to the passing
of what was called the Catholic relief bill, but what might
more properly be termed the Protestant oppression bill.—
(Hear, hear, and cheers.)
Now, in order to establish this, I said I would show you
what the facts were; and in so doing, I shall call your
attention to the examination of the Popish bishops before
committees of the Hous6s of Lords and Commons, and of
the Commissioners of Education in Ireland, in the years
1825 and 1826. I call your attention especially to this,
because those examinations are held up to this moment
as a subject of triumph by the Roman Catholics. Mr.
M`Ghee first referred to the Roman Catholic Directory and
Registry for 1839, p. 149, to spew the boasts of the papists
of Dr. Murray's evidence, and that it might be referred to
a fair testimony first, on Church and Lay property ; secondly,
on Divided Allegiance ; and thirdly, on Persecution of Here.
tics. Dr. Murray, in his evidence on property, (March 22d,
1825,) said, "There was no wish on 1' P part of the Roman
Catholics to disturb the present estabbsioneat, or to partake
of any of the wealth that it enjoys, nor any objection to give
the most full and entire assurance on that subject by any de-
claration. The evidence of Dr. Doyle might be given even
with more confidence still ; for he wrote a book, entitled
' An Essay on the Catholic Faith,' in a letter to Lord Liver-
pool, in which he calmly and deliberately referred to his evi-
dence on oath ; and quoted his oath as affording security for
its truth." [See page 192.] The declaration and oaths of
the Roman Catholics, 1826, were next quoted, by which they
swore not to exercise any privilege to which they are, or may
be entitled to disturb and weaken the Protestant Religion and
Protestant Government in Ireland, and O'Connell's evidence
before the Lords, May 11th, 1825, which was to the same ge-
neral effect. But at that time the committee of the Lords
and Commons were not acquainted with that bull. The
Commissioners of Education, however, knew that the bull
existed; and in investigating into the College of Maynooth,
made the bull a special subject of examination. Dr. Slevin,
Professor of Canon Law in the College, was questioned as to
the bull, and went through all the provisions of it; but he
endeavoured to get rid of every part of it, on the great prin-
ciple that this and other bulls were never published in Ire-
land. They say that when bulls are not published in a coun-
try, they have no operation in that country; but when they
do publish a Papal bull in any country, it then comes into
full force and operation. Dr. Slevin denied that this bull
had ever been published in Ireland, and, therefore, there
was no bull which applied to property or forfeited estates.
Now what did these men do ?—these very bishops who
have given this evidence, and voluntarily given their oath by
themselves and with their brethren? The very moment they
gained their object—the very moment emancipation was
granted them, what did these Popish Bishops do? These
Bishops of Lienster entered into their conclave, and there
they concocted their secret statutes, and then they set up
this code of canon law (holding up the supplement to Dens)
to ruin the poor Roman Catholic laity of Ireland, and in this
code of canon law they published that bull for the restoration
of all forfeited property, thus giving force to the very bull
which one of their own professors had denied the existeuceof
before the Commissioners of Education, in Maynooth, but
which we have on his oath admitted, that when it was pub-
lished, it came into full force and operation. (Loud cheer-
ing.) [See supplement to Dens, p. 176.] We now come,
said the speaker, to the second point of objection, as to the
divided allegiance of Popery. It is clear that he that is
loyal to the Pope, who is a foreign tyrant, cannot, therefore,
be loyal to a Protestant Sovereign. Now, here is the ex-
amination of a man upon this subject. It is extracted from
the evidence given before the House of Commons by Dr.
Doyle. On this subject, 1 may mention, that there is a par-
ticular bull, which is published every year at Rome, in which
all Protestants, of all descriptions, are excommunicated and
denounced, especially all Protestant sovereigns and persons
in authority under them, ecclesiastical and civil. This bull
was well known to the committee of the House of Lords and
Commons, and they examined Dr. Doyle as to that bull. It is
called the "Bella ceence domini." Dr. Doyle denied that the
the bull as a bull ever was in force in Ireland. [See Evidence,
April 21, 1831, and also Dr. NV Hale's evidence, Nov. . 4, 1826.]
Now in the teeth of all their oaths what was the fact? Not
only was it false, and not only did Dr. M`Hale and Dr.
Doyle know it to be false at the moment they were swearing
that the bull had never been received in Ireland, for they
knew the bull was printed in the 6th volume of Dens's Theo-
logy, which had been their standard for themselves and their
priests, in their colleges and conferences, through all Ire-
land for seventeen years before ; not only did all their bishops
know that the oath they were putting,
forth, was utterly at
war with every principle of true religion, and every feeling of
their heart—but what besides this did they do? What did

these bishops of Leinster do who had signed this oath?
When they had succeeded in deceiving and blinding the
British parliament, they went into their synod and enacted
their provincial statutes, in which they not only pronounced
the sentence of excommunication against all heretics, but
they set up this code of canon law in which this very bull is
not published indeed, for it is quoted and referred to as in
force and operation, I know not how often ; and another bull
is put in force and operation—a bull which seems to have
been wholly unknown to the committees of parliament, or
the commissioners of education—a bull setting up not indi-
rectly, but directly the temporal authority and power of the
Pope, and enforcing every command he may choose to issue,
with all the sanctions of the church, and all the thunders of
the vatican, and enforcing it upon the conscience of every
man who acknowledges submission to the church of Rome
in Ireland—(hear)—here is the extract from the bull, it is
entitled thus—
" The execution of the Provisions of the Court of Rome."
"In the Bull Pastoralis Regiminis. Bullarium, Tom. 1.,
No. 47, Laymen who impede the execution of the mandates,
citations, and other provisions of the Court flf Rome, are
smitten with excommunication, reserved to the Pope, and so
are they who afford aid, counsel, or favour to those who im-
pede them." ,
Now you do not understand this, so allow me to explain
for you this sentence of the law. He is excommunicated,
that is, he is cut off from all the sacraments of his church,
driven out of her pale, and out of the bonds of social life.
(Hear, hear.) But this is not all ; the law proceeds—
" Regulars and Ecclesiastics," that is, Monks and secular
Priests, incur ipso facto suspension, as well from their
orders as their offices, both which censures are received to
the Roman Pontiff."
Now look at the terrors of this law. If a Priest dares to
refuse obedience to this law himself, or to enforce obedience
upon others, he is suspended from his orders—he is suspended
from his office—he is turned out, deprived of all his temporal
possessions, without refuge or remedy, a wanderer, a vaga-
bond upon the earth. You have not a law on the British
Statute Book to afford him redress against this tyranny—
(hear, hear.) You may recollect the case of Dr. Malholland,
who, when deprived of his living by his Bishop, applied to
the House of Commons ; and when he wanted Mr.
O'Connell, this mighty advocate of civil and religious liberty
all over the earth—(cheers and laughter)—to apply to the
Parliament of England for Protection, O'Connell advised
him to go and submit himself to the Pope—(loud cheers.)
But the law proceeds—
" Notaries or scribes refusing to make the public instru-
ments of provisions and executions of this sort at the instance
of the party, are deprived of the office of notary, and declared
infamous.'
Look, I beseech you, at this law of grinding tyranny—this
law superseding the laws of the British Empire—this law en-
forcing all the commands of the Pope, whatever they are, or
whatever they may be, on the whole Roman Catholic popu-
lation of Ireland, under the most terrible sanctions of time
and eternity. Remember that this law is set up by Popish
Bishops, who, swore in the face of God by the most solemn
appeal to him, that the Pope neither has, nor ought to have,
temporal power directly or indirectly within this realm—
(Loud and continued cheering—(while they set up by this
not only a divided allegiance, but a total undivided alle-
giance to, the Pope and rebellion at his will, against their
lawful Sovereign—(cheers.) I trust the meeting is satis-
fied upon this head, and now I come to the third point
in which the Protestants objected to concede power to
the Papacy, namely, their intolerance and persecution of
heretics. I might here refer to innumerable documents
on this subject, but I shall confine myself to one alone,
namely, the third canon of the 4th Lateran Council.
The third Lateran Council was held A.D. 1179. The fourth
Lateran Council A.D. 1215. These Councils denounced the
most tremendous sentences against all heretics, but especially
those who clung to the truth of Jesus in the midst of Papal
darkness and idolatry. Our beloved brethren, the Albigenses
and Waldenses, against them as being heretics, the 27th
Canon of the third Lateran Council, and the third of the
fourth Lateran were directed ; these Canons let loose on them
the dogs of war, and beneath the bloody banner of these
murderers their bones were left to bleach upon the hills, and
the valleys of Piedmont were drenched with the blood of the
slaughtered martyrs. (Hear, hear.) The Committee of
Parliament was well aware of the nature of this third Canon
of the fourth Lateran. Its history has been written in blood
throughout the nations of Europe. Dr. Murray, before the
Select Committee on State of Ireland, May 17th, 1825, said
the third Canon of the fourth Lateran Council had no authority
whatever in any part of Christendom ; it never had any au-
thority in those countries ; and it was madelor a particular
purpose, which has long since ceased. This law was enacted
to repress the errors of the Albigenses, which for some time
before had been productive of extreme mischief in the South
of France, and purticularly in Languedoc, and which, if not
suppressed, threatened the very existence of society itself.
Their errors aimed at the extirpation of the human race.
Now history furnishes a flat contradiction to the truth of this
statement ; for the Albigenses were not threatening the de-
struction of society. Vengeance was denouced against them
for protesting against the Papacy, and for delivering human
conscience from the thraldom of Papal tyranny. [See Dr.
Doyle's Evidence, April 14, 1825 ; also Doyle's Essay, page
70, on the nature and effect of this law, if it were set up in
any country, and the Oath and Declaration of the Romish
Bishops.] Now let me entreat you to consider this evidence
of Dr. Doyle and Dr. Murray severally and jointly with their
brother bishops—look at the confederated oath of the whole
Papal Hierarchy of Ireland—look at their own confession of
this atrocious Canon, and then I will ask you what did their
bishops do ? But no—l will first pause a moment, and ask
you could you disbelieve them. Could you have doubted
them at the time? Could you have believed that under such
circumstances—under any circumstances—such men, or any
men, could be guilty of base, deliberate, cool, and collective
perjury ? No—l will answer for you as Englishmen, as
honest men you could not. (Hear, hear.) The moral sense
of England could not have fallen so low as to suspect others
of a crime so abhorrent from her very soil—and England had
not yet been polluted by being habituated to Papal perjury.
(Loud cheers.) Yet then I will ask you, what did these
bishops do ? These very men, who had given their oaths,
these detailed and laboured oaths, went into their secret
synod, and there they enacted their secret statutes, in which
they placed heretics the first on the list of the excommuni-
cated—and then they promulgated this canon law as the
guide and standard for the consciences of the people, in which
they lay down this law, among others, that they themselves
are bound, in their ecclesiastical office as bishops, to exter-
minate all heretics out of the diocese, and the canon of their
church on which they ground the authorityl for this extermi-
nation, is that very identical blood-stained canon of revolu-
tion, and treason, and slaughter, which they had so solemnly
sworn had no existence or authority in the whole world.--
(Hear, hear, cries of oh, oh, and loud cheers.) Let me now
read to you the law for the extermination of heretics, which
they found on this 3d canon of the 4th Lativan Council.—
(Hear.)—" The bishop is bound, even in places where the
office of the holy inquisition is in force, sedulously to take
care that he should purge the diocese entrusted to him from
heretics, and if he should discover any, that he should visit
them with the canonical punishments."—(Supplement to
Dens, p. 82.)—Remember, then, that those punishments are,
by this and all papal laws, the punishment of confiscation,
exile, imprisonment, and death. (Hear, hear.) And here
I will just mention, that there was another crime, never an-
ticipated or suspected by the Protestants of this empire, on
which the committees of parliament never dreamt of examin-
ing them : that crime was the setting up the laws of the in-
quisition ; and I assert that in this canon law they have set
those laws up, and that if they could be openly in force, they
would be in force, and as far as they can they are at this mo-
ment in force and operation through the length and breadth
of Ireland. And now that they are building their chapels and
their nunneries throughout England, I would just suggest to
you, as many of you as can find an opportunity, to examine
them, and I will venture to assert you will find that under-
neath them all there are constructed cells and vaults, which
are for cells, and vaults, and dungeons of the inquisition.
But now, lest you might suppose I would assert anything
here in Sheffield which I should fear to assert in Dublin, 1
think it my duty to read to you a portion of the introduction
to this book, from which I have been reading so many of
these extracts, which is a book that I have published myself,
containing those laws at full length, which I have partially
quoted, together with the examination of these Romish
Bishops, and the full detailed proofs of their iniquity. I
have taken the liberty to ins gibe it with all due respect to
his excellency the present lord lieutentant of Ireland, and
in the introduction I have put its truth, and accuracy to the
following test :
" I hereby publicly address Dr. Murray, Dr. Keating, Dr.
Kinsella, and Dr. Healey, the four Romish bishops of the
Province of Leinster especially. I add to them the whole
body of Romish bishops in Ireland ; I assert that these in-
famous Papal Decretals are the laws which they have wicked-
ly, cruelly, seditiously, and traitorously set up to govern this
country, as a supplement to their anti Christian system,
which they call theology written by Peter Dens.
" I assert that the Romish bishops of Leinster have set
them up, actually as published, under the authority of their
archbishop, as a supplement to the conference book appoint-
ed in their provincial synod, and proved so to be, by their
secret statutes and directories. I assert that the rest of the
Romish bishops have set them up passively, by not declaim-
ing against them, as the laws to govern their respective pro-
vinces, and so all Ireland • and, I hereby challenge the whole
mass of them, one and all, to disprove the statements in this
book, by appearing themselves, or appointing any priest or
priests in Ireland to appear for them, bringing with him or
them the provincial statutes of Leinster, the directories for
nine years past, and the book proved in these statutes, direc-
tories, and in the catalogue subjoined to those directories, to
be set up as the conference book of the province of Leinster.
I challenge Dr. Murray to appoint Mr. O'Connell, if I
have wronged him in this book, to institute an action against
me for it in a court of justice, which I will undertake, please
God, to defend.—(Loud and repeated cheering.)
" I challenge him to petition the House of Commons, that
this statement now laid before the Lord Lieutenant shall be
investigated by a committee on behalf of the Romish hierar-
chy of Ireland. (Cheers.)
" I challenge Dr. Murray to appoint Mr. O'Connell to
meet this case on the public platform, before a body, con-
sisting of half Roman Catholics and half Protestants ; or I
challenge him to appoint any man in Ireland to do the same,
and disprove the facts stated in this book. (Cheers.)
" And I do so, that whereas it is always the custom of
Popery to deny all statements, and say and swear through
all proofs ; then, wheresoever this book shall go, and I think
it will go through the length and breadth of the empire, this
may always remain a standing answer to the falsehoods of
the Church of Rome, and an everlasting proof and monu-
ment of her crimes, that it may be asked now and hereafter.
" Did the Popish Bishops, or Daniel O'Connell, ever
accept this challenge ?" (Hear, and cheers.)
Now, sir, this book has been printed some months, the at •
tention of the Lord Lieutenant has been invited to it by a
respectful dedication. His challenge to impeach one article
of its truth has been given to the Romish bishops and
O'Connell, and what have they done ? They have not even
dared to notice it. 'Why ? Because they know it is every
letter of it true—they dare not call public attention to it by
an effort to impeach its truth, because they know they would
only arrest the pubiic attention to the facts, and, if once the
attention of' the Protestants of this empire was fixed upon
the villany demonstrated in this hook, they tremble to think
how the whole nation would arise with one unanimous voice
of universal horror and execration. (Hear, hear, and cheers.)
1 now come to the second cause why you are called on to
adopt this resolution, namely, because our fears have been
more than realifcci by the proved organization of Papal trea-
son. (Hear, hear, and loud cheers.) This brings me to call
your attention to the evidence adduced before the committee of
the House of Lords, appointed on the motion of the Earl of
Roden. I hold in my hand a digest of that evidence, and I
would entreat your careful attention to two points in it—first,
the proved organization of a body of traitors—secondly, the
objects which this organized body is proved to have in view.
The rev. gent. proved from the evidence of Major Rowan,
Mr. J. H. Hatton, W. Fawcett, Esq. Major G. Warburton,
Capt. G. Despard, and J. F. Uniacke, Esq., that this or-
ganized body was called by the name of the Religious Liberty
Society; that the members are exclusively Roman Catholics,
that they solemnly swear obedience to the Church of Rome ;
that they are organized by parishes, and have masters in
every parish ; and that there is a secret head of the society
in Dublin. The objects of this society were described to be,
the vindication of the members from all charges of perjury ;
the recovery of forfeited estates ; severing Ireland from Eng-
land ; and exterminating by murder the Protestant popula-
tion of the country. See the evidence of C. Plunkett, Esq.
W. Faucett, Esq. H. W. Rowan, Esq. Captain Vignolles,
Captain Warburton, and A. W. owan, Esq. He then pro-
ceeded—Let us now see what is the collective and compara-
tive evidence of these documents. Ist. This evidence before
the Committee of the Lords, proves a wide spreading and
growing conspiracy in Ireland, organized under some secret
head, supposed to be in Dublin. These statutes prove the
assembling of a secret conclave in Dublin, which concocted
them, and set up this code of Canon law, as a Papal law for

~`, ~

~a ~.,'-

Ireland. 2d. This evidence before the Lords' Committee,
proving this conspiracy organized by parishes, and here now
let me stop to remark that all the great movements of the
people in Ireland are got up by parishes. Here is the com-
pendium of O'Connell's annuity for 1834, the number of
contributions, and the channels through which they have
come ; the amount is £13,485. The number of coatributions
that make up the sum, is 605 , and among those who form
the- collectors and contributors, we find three Archbishops,
ten Bishops, and six hundred and twelve Priests—(cheers.)
Again, here is the record of his annuity for 1835. Look at
this long list, ybu see here Ireland parcelled out into parishes,
the number given here is 1,227 parishes, with the respective
contributions annexed to each. Do you not clearly see that
if this is a mere popular or political movement of the people,
the thing would be got up by counties or towns, or villages,
or baronies. But no, it is by parishes, and who are the heads
and masters of these parishes, but the Popish Priests of Ire-
land—(cheers.) I told you this fellow was but the Punch
upon the stage—(loud cheers.) I told you I would let you
peep behind the scenes, and see those who work the wires
that keep him on his legs and move him—(laughter and
loud cheers.) To return then to our documents, I say this
evidence demonstrates that this conspiracy is organized by
parishes, with parish masters in every one of them—(cheers.)
These statutes prove the assembling of the heads of these
parishes, to hold conferences together, and to be drilled in
those conferences, to rule, by certain laws, the conscience of
every man in those parishes, that is under the dominion of
Rome. (Hear, hear.) 3rd. This evidence before the com-
mittee proves that those conspirators consist exclusively of
Roman Catholics. These statutes demonstrate that those
drilled and distributed directors of their consciences, are the
Romish priests of Ireland. (Hear, hear.) 4th. This evi-
dence before the committee proves that these conspirators
are all sworn to obey the Church of Rome. These canon
laws prove that every Roman Catholic is compelled, by the
heaviest penalties the church can inflict, in time or eternity,
to obey every command the Pope may choose to give. sth.
This book, the laws of the Papacy, proves from the evidence
before the committees of both houses, in 1825 and 1826, and
before the commissioners of education, that there were
chiefly, as I have repeatedly stated, three objects of appre-
hension to the Protestants of the British empire, in giving
power to the Papacy. Ist. Breach of faith, as to the for-
feited estates in Ireland ;-2nd. Allegiance to a foreign
power, and treason to the British government ;-3rd. Per-
secution and murder of heretics, whenever it should be their
interest or in their power to effect it. Again, it proves the
repeated denial of this three-fold objection, through every
mode of swearing, by examination, by voluntary oaths, sin-
gly and collectively, that men could swear, by all The Popish
bishops in Ireland. 6th. This evidence before the lords
demonstrates that the ribbonmen, in every quarter in Ireland,
specifies exactly this three-fold object of treason. Ist Resnm p-
tion of the forfeited estates, of which the priests have the lists.
2nd. Throwing off the government oft heir lawful sovereign, by
severing Ireland from England. 3rd. The extermination of
their Protestant fellow-subjects, by assassination and open
murder, whenever an opportunity permits them to effect their,
purpose. After refering to a charge of Baron Richard's in the'
Spring of 1838, delivered at Cardebar, in which the learned
judge mentioned the fact that many of the homicides were
committed on the return from the Mass-house, Mr. M`Ghee
quoted Priest Morrisy's Development of the Inquisitorial
System of the Court of Rome in Ireland, part 2d, p. 251, to
shew the mortal blow struck and now striking at Protestants
and Protestantism, by giving power to the papacy. He then
continued—l need not dwell for a moment on the next head,
on which I said you were called on to support this resolution,
namely, that the apprehensions of Protestants had been more
than realised, by the committing of power and station to the
most turbulent and seditious Papal demagogues and dis-
turbers of the public peace. (Hear, and cheers.) What
Protestant of feeling or principle in England is there who
does not stand aghast at, the iniquity of men attending their
young, gracious, confiding, unsuspecting Sovereign, to see
the Crown of England placed upon her Royal brow, to hear
her call her God to witness the solemn attestations that
bound her to maintain his sacred truth in the Protestant
Church and Protestant Institutions of these realms ; and then,
when the oath had scarcely passed her Royal lips, to see the
men in whose fidelity she reposed her Royal confidence,
placing the most virulent, seditious, Papal agitator that ever
threatened or disturbed her realm, on her Privy Council.
My fourth reason is, in my humble opinion, the most power-
ful of all, namely that under this influence of Papal tyranny
men invade the rights and duties of all Christians in our
Empire taking down the Holy Word of our God as the standard
of the national instruction in Ireland,—setting up over the
education of England a Spiritual Star Chamber, a power
unknown to the Constitution, and fearing in the conscious-
ness of their offence to appeal even to the Representatives of
England. (Hear, hear.) But this is the part of the subject
on which I will not attempt to enter. I leave it in hands
far more competent to deal with it ; there is none like my
dear brother, Mr. M`Neile, to stand forth in defence of the
Scriptural Education of his country. (Loud and repeated
cheering.) Yes, my dear brother, I commend the Education
Board to your care. (Cheers and laughter.) I shall merely
notice a charge that is brought against us, as a most over-
whelming and Unanswerable crime, namely, that we are
endeavouring, indeed, to raise up a cry of " No Popery" in
England. What, and do they think we shall shrink from the
imputation ! I stand in the presence of my God and my
Country, and before Heaven and earth I glory in the honour-
able office of' lifting up my voice like a trumpet to cry NO
POPERY. (Loud cheers.) What, let me ask, has placed
you there, and placed us here, as Freemen and Christians ?
What has bestowed upon the British nation the blessings
with which God has crowned the land? The blessings of
your boasted Constitution ; the blessings of civil and re-
ligious liberty ? What but the bold fidelity of our Reformers,
who, under God, in the face of danger and of death, lifted
up their voices and echoed the cry through the length
and breadth of England NO POPERY? (Loud cheers.)
But it is unkind—but it is illiberal—but it is uncharitable to
our Roman Catholic fellow subjects. Now let us just ask
this simple question—do we really count the conduct of our
Reformers to our forefathers—do we count their honest
fidelity to them, and to God illiberal and uncharitable ? Do
we not consider those Reformers—the noblest benefactors of
ourselves and our ancestors—the best and brightest orna-
ments of their country ; and for whet, but for their resolute
discharge of faithful duty to their God, in lifting up their
voices to cry NO POPERY. (Loud and repeated cheers.)
And is that which was faithful and christian, and charitable
in them, unfaithful and unchristian in us ? I can lay my
hand upon my heart before my God, and say, that, not in a
spirit of hostility, but that as I love and value the best and
dearest interests, the temporal and eternal welfare of my
Roman Catholic fellow subjects, so in direct proportion, I
feel called upon to raise and maintain the cry NO HOPERY.
(Loud cheers.) If I could follow my heart wherever it would
go, I would visit every spot where my Roman Catholic fellow
subjects are deluded and enslaved, and there, as I value their
salvation and their freedom, I would cry NO POPERY.
(Cheers.) I would go into the mass-house where the minister
of idolatry, a papal priest, takes ,n thing like this in his hand
(holding up a wafer) this idol of paste with an image stamped
on it—and while he blasphemously mocks the incarnation of
the Son of God—mocks that wondrous " Mystery of Godli-
ness, God manifest in the flesh," pretending to embody in
this, at his fiat, the " whole body, blood, soul, and divinity,
of the Lord Jesus Christ." I would tell him that this idol is
like other idols, the work of men's hands, " having eyes it
sees not, having ears it hears not, neither is there any breath
in its mouth—they that make it are like unto it, and so are
all they that put their trust in it. I would tell him this. I
would warn him to turn from this accursed idol, to serve the
living God, and in the name of that God I would shout out
NO POPERY. (Loud cheering.) I would go into his dark
and damnable confessional—(hear, hear)—where my poor
Roman Catholic countrymen entrust their wives and daugh-
ters to him, under the awful delusion of false religion, and
while the tyrant was pressing his obscene, infernal investiga-
tion, putting the heart and feeling of the helpless creature on
the moral rack, till she sunk enslaved and powerless at his
feet, I would drag the victim forth in triumph from his grasp,
and ring in the monster's ear NO POPERY. (Immense
cheering.) I would go to the dying bed of my poor Roman
Catholic fellow sinner, and while the light of truth is shut
out from his eye, and the light of heaven from his heart—
while the blessed book is denied him, or taken from beneath
his pillow, as it was in Ireland by a Romish priest, and com-
mitted to the flames—while masses, and oils, and refuges of
lies like these are set before him, as the hope of his immortal
soul. I would tell him faithfully and affectionately of the
glorious finished work of a crucified and risen Saviour. I
would tell him of that righteousness that could cover all his
nakedness, that precious blood that could cleanse him from
all his sin. I would proclaim to him the glad tidings of free
and full salvation in the Lord Jesus. I would exhort him to
turn from those refuges of lies to the mercy of his Saviour
and his God ; and as 1 loved and valued his soul and his eter-
nal happiness, I would cry NO POPERY. (Loud cheers.)
I would go into the school room, where they dare to take
the Bible from ---; but no—no, my brother :it is you
who shall go there. (Laughter and cheers.) ' You will ex-
pose the iniquity that robs man of his glorious birthright from
his cradle to his grave. You are the man to go into the
school-room, to take the Bible in your hand and cry NO
POPERY. (Loud, cheering.) But it is not only for the
happiness, for the salvation of the Roman Catholics, but for
the sake of every blessing we value in our Protestant Empire ;
as I value the blessings of civil and religious liberty ; as I
value the maintenance of the Established Christian Church ;
as I value all that is dear to man ; as I value even life itself ;
I would make my voice echo, if I could, from every rock upon
the shores of the United Empire; and the words it ehould
resound should be NO POPERY. (Loud cheers.) I would
go into the conclave of the Popish Bishops, where they con-
coct their secret statutes and their traitorous and cruel laws,
and shout in their ears NO POPERY. (Loud cheering.)
I would go into their conferences with their Priests, and
while I saw them with- their Dens's Theology and Canon
Laws in their hands, holding their conclave to concoct their
cruelties and crimes, I would lift up my voice, and in the
name of the Holy God I would cry out NO POPERY.
(Loud cheering.) I would go into the Ribbon Lodge, and
tell my poor unhappy countrymen that their parish masters,
instead of leading them, as they ought, to truth, and peace,
and happiness, in time and in eternity, were leading them to
guilt, and misery, and blood, and everlasting perdition ; and
I would make the Ribbon Lodge resound with the cry of NO
POPERY (Hear and loud cheering.) I would go into the
House of Commons. (Loud and continued cheers.) I
would look Papal perjury in the face, and while ,I gave no-
tice of a motion to extract its pollution (hear, hear), in the
name of England, and of England's God, I would shout out
NO POPERY. (Deafening cheering.) I would go into the
House of Lords. I would take with all deference the report
of their own committee in my hand. I would appeal to them
whether it did not furnish demonstration of the cause of our
misery. I would lay before them the authors and movers of
the crimes they had detected ; and even in the midst of that
august assembly I would cry NO POPERY. (Loud cheering.) ,
I would go into the Privy Council ; I would tell the Papal
Privy Councillor, that he must be of necessity a traitor, for
if he was not a traitor to his master, the Pope, he must be a
traitor the Protestant Queen of England, and I would cry
NO POPERY. (Loud and repeated cheers.) I would go
to the very footstool of the throne--(hear, hear, and cheers)
—and with a heart as full of loyalty and love to our graci-
ous sovereign as any subject in her realm ; prompted by
those very feelings, I would tell her how her confidence had
been basely dishonoured and betrayed by the men that ought
to have laid down a thousand lives in her defence. (Hear,
hear.) I would remind her gracious Majesty of the sacred
principles of eternal truth, for the defence of which her
royal ancestors were placed upon the British throne. I would
remind her, that the throne that is founded on eternal truth,
alone can look with confidence for its stability to God. I
would remind her of the high and lofty covenant that ratified
her sacred title to reign over a free and Protestant nation.
I would tell her that the best security for the love and loyalty
of a people to their sovereign was based on pure religion, and
their faith and fealty to their God. I would tell her that the
Protestant religion was, under God, the only solid bulwark of
the British throne ; that on the very heart of Britain's monarch
ought to be engraven the words, NO POPERY.(Loud cheers)
I would go to the very vatican, and warn that man of sin,
the Pope, to renounce the horrid blasphemy. 0, think what
blasphemy it is ; a miserable sinner of the earth daring to
call or think himself the vicar of the Lord of Life and Glory.
I would warn him, as a fellow sinner, to " flee from the
wrath to come ;" tell him that "all manner of sins and blas-
phemies should be forgiven unto men ;" that there was
mercy for his guilty soul in the very Saviour whom he dis-
honoured, and that if there was hope for his soul, he must
cry NO POPERY. (Hear, and Cheers.) In fine, sir, as
a brother, as a man, as a Christian, above all, as a minister
of Christ, I trust I shall never close my lips upon the sub-
ject till they are sealed in death, or till that day shall come
when Heaven and earth shall take up the song of praise, that
Babylon is cast, like a millstone, into the deep, when the
Lord of Glory shall appear ; when she shall be consumed with
the word of his mouth, and destroyed with the brightness of
his coming.--I have the honour,sir, to move the adoption
of this resolution.—The rev. gentleman then resumed his
seat, amidst loud and protracted el-leering,

The Rev. HUGH WNXILIS Was received with loud and
protracted cheering. He said,—Sir, in seconding the reso-
lution which my reverend friend has proposed, I am anxious
to take the whole meeting with us. It might indeed be sup-
posed, from the warm and apparently universal approbation
with which the resolution and his masterly support of it have
been received, that we are cordially unanimous in pledging
ourselves to go forward in bold, uncompromising defence of
our Protestant institutions. (Hear, hear, Yes, and applause.)
Excuse me, lam not yet satisfied. Ido not indeed suppose
that we have here any opponents in the common acceptation
of that word, but I do not feel satisfied with the sort of sup-
port which we receive in this work from some who personally
are amongst our kindest friends. (Hear.)
There are true spiritual Christians who have an unfeigned
disinclination to controversy, and a conscientious objection
to every thing that engages their clergymen in controversial
preaching or speaking. The subject which they desire to,
hear continually from the ministers of the. Gospel, is per-
sonal religion, in one or other of its branches : either the
doctrines which should be believed, the experience which
should be enjoyed, or the duties which should be performed
by the individual Christian.
We highly value these topics, and can appreciate the spi-
ritual anxiety of mind which rests upon them for careful
self-examination ; and most unfeignedly would we rejoice in
such a state of things in our country, as would justify the
wisdom, or even the safety, of confining ourselves to such
topics. Thankful indeed would we be, for such a state of
things as would circumscribe the duties of the clergy within
the limits of the shepherd's office ; and most cheerfully
would we devote ourselves entirely to the feeding of the
sheep and lambs of Christ's flock, to the gathering together
of those who are scattered, to the binding up of those who
are bruised or broken, and to the strengthening and refresh-
ing of those who are sick and weary.
But we are compelled to remember that the same men
who in holy Scripture are compared to shepherds, are on the
same infallible authority compared to watchmen, and also to
soldiers. (Hear, hear, hear.) What if the fold be assailed
by enemies from without ; are we to continue in the unin-
terrupted peaceful feeding of the flock, until both flock and
shepherd become the easy prey of the wolf and the bear ?
(Cheers.) Surely this would be to fasten with unjustifiable
partiality on one Scriptural figure descriptive of our high and
holy calling, to the neglect of other figures equally Scriptural
and equally descriptive of our truly conservative office.
While therefore we cordially coincide in the paramount im-
portance of personal religion and direct individual teaching in
the truth, we cannot but feel that it would be a dereliction
of duty, to confine ourselves exclusively to that course : par-
taking as we most sincerely do in the pain which arises from
the necessity of controversy, we are nevertheless compelled
to feel that the state of things around us inevitably involves
that necessity.
It has been said by a high political authority, that the bat-
tle of the constitution is to be fought at the registries ; but
I would take the liberty of saying to my reverend brethren,
many of whom I see around me, that in a higher and far more
effective sense, the battle of the constitution is to be fought
in the pulpit and on the platform. It is from thence that the
people must be instructed in those principles of national god-
liness, which they are called upon to put in practice in every
department of life, the registries and the hustings included.
(Loud cheers.) It was the clergy of the Church of England
who won the reformation, and by the clergy of the Church of
England must the light and life and truth of the reformation
be preserved and perpetuated. (Loud cheers.)
If it be said that granting the necessity fu: controversy,
still it should be carried on in a Christian spirit ; we say the
same. Let the expression Christian be understood as refer-
ing us to the example of Christ in whose steps we ought to
walk, and not to the fancies of men ; and we desire no other
standard. In every thing personal, Christ was meek and
lowly and patient ; when he was reviled he reviled not again,—
nay, even when he was buffetted, he threatened not. He
sought not his own glory. But when God's truth was con-
cerned Christ was eager and earnest ; the zeal of God's house
had eaten him up ; his langugage was as strong as his zeal was
sincere and ardent; to the perverters of God's truth who
made void the 'commandments of God through their tradi-
tions, he said, " Ye hypocrites, ye are of your father the devil ;
ye generation of vipers, how can ye escape the damnation of
hell ?" This was true Christian charity.
Anything at all approaching-to this tone is now called un-
christian. Zeal for God is now denounced as fanaticism,
and plainness of speech against the enemies of his truth is
accounted vulgarity and uncharitableness. It has become
the opinion of too many, that, in order to be kind and chris-
tian, a man must be soft and useless, that in order to be free
from prejudice a man must be free from decision, that to be
impartial it is necessary to be indifferent. (Hear, hear.)
Against this ensnaring opinion, this silken attire of seduc-
tive infidelity, we protest and protest loudly in the names of
Apostles and Prophets, who were as warm as they were true,
who felt kindly and spoke plainly and powerfully, presenting
for our imitation that truly Christian combination of zeal
without prejudice, candour without compromise, charity
without latitudinarianism, impartiality without indifference,
which should characterise every good faithful hardship-bear-
ing soldier of the cross of Christ. (Enthusiastic cheers.)
In urging this sacred warfare, it is of the first importance
to hays clear views of the genius and tactics of our great
enemy. It is indispensable for example to know that no at-
tempt of Papal aggression is to be looked upon as single, de-
tached, or accidental, but all as links in a chain of attempts
arising from the same unchanging principle. Passing inci-
dents indeed supply opportunities for seeming variety in the
movements of the Papal system, and this gives to those move-
ments an appearance of natural extemporaneousness which
deceives the unwary ; while, in fact, all is prompted by a
cool, deliberate, and systematised organization. (Hear.)
The appalling exhibition just now made to you, of the delibe-
rate treachery, planned, sworn to, and diabolically practised
by the Papal hierachy and their political tools in Ireland, is
but one link in this great characteristic chain. (Hear, hear.)
It is a great mistake to look upon the Papal system as
merely a false religion. It does indeed include a false reli-
gion, which wields for secular purposes,—(hear)—hut it
includes more, much more. It is a temporal monarchy,
whose aim is universal dominion. This giant ambition rests
for its avowed support upon the assertion that our Lord Jesus
Christ has left a vicar upon earth, to exercise all his authority
until his coming again : that the Apostle Peter first, and
after him each succeeding Bishop of Rome, was invested by
divine right with this awful authority : that thus the Pope is
Priest of Priests, and King of Kings. Innocent 111 declares
the combined powers in these words—ln ?oken of spirituals,
she (the Church) gave me a mitre, in token of temporals, a
crown: a mitre for priestly power, a crowu for regal; con-
stituting me his Vicar, who hath written on his garment and
on his thigh, King of Kings, and Lord of Lords, and a
Priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec. (Hear, hear.)
A conscientious disciple of the Papal system can no more
brook a rival to the supreme Pontiff, than a sincere Christian
can to the Lord Jesus Christ. I have no doubt that thou-
sands and tens of thousands of Reiman Catholics believe,
with the utmost sincerity, in the divine right of the Pope to
universal supremacy ; and that maintaining his right and per-
secuting his opponents even to death, they supply a standing
fulfilment of our Lord's prophecy to his followers, " the
time cometli when he that killeth you will think that he
doeth God service.",
The rise and progress of this delusion are thus sketched by
Dupin, in his Ecclesiastical History of the Sixteenth Cen-
tury, lib i. chap. 8.
" Until near the close of the twelfth century, the Popes
had made their way to power by political intrigue, availing
themselves of the weakness or wickedness of one sovereign
after another, interfering as mediators between contending
princes, and turning the negotiation to their own prOfit ; up-
holding coronation as essential to- the kingly character, and
then setting a price upon the ceremony ; thus gradually
obtaining concessions from all the states in Christendom,
and securing every fresh advantage by the solemnity of a
treaty. Thus arose the claims ; and all these were esta-
blished while as yet the pontiffs were simply vicars of
Peter : but having introduced a maxim, that whatever
was given to the Church was given to God, and became
thenceforward part of the things that are God's,' they sub-
stituted a divine for a human right to their acquisitions, and
from being vicars of Peter, promoted themselves to be vicars
of Jesus Christ. With their new title they assumed a new
prerogative ; their authority was no longer merely temporal,
differing only in degree from that of any other liege lord ;it
was a spiritual authority, spiritual from its end and from the
character of him who held it, and extending to the controul
of all earthly power for the good of the church. Such is the
authority claimed by Innocent and Boniface. The bull of
the latter was renewed by Clement the Fifth, with some spe-
cial exceptions in favour of the kingdom of France, and
finally ratified by Leo the Tenth in the fifth council of the
Lateran. Leo speaks of the jurisdiction implied in the title
of the vicar of Christ, in the following terms : " Christ when
about to leave this world and depart to the Father, in the
solidity of the rock did institute Peter and the successors of
Peter to be his vicars, to whom, as we are instructed by the
Book of Kings, obedience is so indispensable, that whosoever
doth not obey must die the death."—Cone. Lat. Less. 11.
When the Reformation began, the Popes proceeded, in virtue
of this title, to excommunicate heretical princes, and, in the
interval between the excommunications of Henry and Eliza-
beth, Pius the Fourth incorporated the title into the creed
which bears his name. This creed is professed on oath by all
secular priests having cure of souls, all regulars, all members
of religious orders, including military orders, when such are
in existence.
When the supremacy of this great idol is triumphant ; that
is, when all, high and low, bow, down before the sovereign
Pontiff, the system has all it can desire, and may he quiescent
like a gorged lion. In such a state of things there may be
political peace, if the hopeless prostration of superstitious
slavery deserve the name of peace. Man cannot move
against the system because it is supreme, and the Devil wit,
not, because it is corrupt. (Loud cheers.)
When this supremacy is disputed and resisted, then the
system is roused into action, and has something to do. The
refractory must be reduced. If the recusants be powerless
individuals, redress is easy, because compulsion is easy. The
righ of compulsion is grounded upon the property which the
system claims in all the baptized. There is an-apparent-libe-
rality in one of the anathemas of the Council of Trent. "If
any one shall say that baptism in the name of the Father, the
Son, and the Holy Ghost, conferred by a heretic, with an
intention to do that which the church intends in that sacra-
ment, is not true baptism ; let him be anathema."
The object of this concession, however, is made sufficiently
clear by what follows.
" If any one shall say that those who have been baptized
are free from all the precepts of the holy church, either writ-
ten or delivered by tradition, so that they are not obliged to
observe them, unless they will submit to them of their own
accord, let him be anathema." Having then declared the
lawfulness of infant baptism, the council proceed to lay down
the 14th canon. "If any one shall say that these baptized
children, when they grow up, are to be asked whether they
will confirm what their godfathers promised in their name;
and that if they say they will not, they are to be left to their
own discretion, and not to be forced, in the meantime, into
the observance of a Christian 4ife by any other punishment
than that of keeping them from the reception of the eucha-
rist and the other sacraments till they repent, let him be
anathema. (Loud cries of " hear, hear.")
In strict accordance with this council, to the decrees of
which, be it remembered, all Popish priests are sworn, their
angelical Doctor Thomas puts the question, whether baptized
infidels, as heretics and apostates usually are, also baptized
schismatics, may be compelled by corporal punishment to
return to the faith and unity of the church ? and having an-
swered in the affirmative, he suggests this objection—" No
one believes except willingly ; but the will cannot be forced,
ergo, no one can be forced to the faith." His answer to this
objection is, " Negando conseq. non enim cogitur ut volens
credat, sed ut ex volente fiat volens." (Laughter and cheers
among the clergy and gentlemen on the platform.) That is,
no one is forced to believe unwillingly, but that of unwilling,
he may become willing. (Loud laughter and cheers.) Here,
again, this anti-christian system arrogates the perfections of
God, whose prerogative it is to change thehuman will, and con-
cerning the gracious agency of whose Spirit in man it is writ-
ten—" thy people shall be willing in the day of thy power."
Against refractory individuals, therefore, the papal system is
supplied with a summary process for regaining its ascendancy.
A thumb-screw, a wheel, a sharp pointed pendulum, or any
other such article of inquisition furniture, will answer the
purpose, by either curing or killing. (Loud cheers.)
If, however, the recusants (instead of helpless individuals)
be a King or Queen, and a powerful nation ; then, redress on
the part of the papal system is not so easy. Still, it must be
attempted. The means used in such a case are variable ;
neither restricted by principle, nor confined to argument.
When force can be used with effect, the papacy uses force,
when fraud holds out a prospect of more success, it uses
fraud, (Loud cheers.)

Ever since the dominion of the Bishop of Rome has been
shaken off from this realm of England, attempts have been
made, varying in their character according to circumstances,
but all tending to the same result, namely, to recover the
allegiance of England to the Court of Rome. The reign of
Queen Elizabeth supplies a series of examples. I have ex-
tracted a list of them with their dates, but I fear they will be
disregarded and felt wearisome as an old and obsolete story.
(Cries of uo, no ; read, read, and cheers.) In 1560, the
Bishop of Rome attempted by gentle words to win upon the
Queen, he commissioned Vincentio Parpalia, Abbot of St.
Saviour's, with a letter to the Queen, written in very obliging
language, in case the Queen would join herself to the Church
of Rome, and recognise his supremacy, he would disannul all
the sentences against her mother's marriage as unjust—he
would confirm the English service book by his authority—and
grant the use of the sacraments in both kinds.
Elizabeth would not hearken to any proposals from him,
the Legate did not venture any further than Brussels.
2. The next year 1561, he tried again in a similar way,
deputing Abbot Martingo, but with a similar failure.
3. The Bishop of Viterbo, the Nuncio in France, engaged
the Kings of France and Portugal and the Duke of Alva, to
persuade Elizabeth to send deputies out of England to the
Council of Trent, which had begun its sittings and was going
on, Elizabeth answered, " that she desired with all her heart
an (Ecumenical Council, but a Popish one she would never
honour with an ambassador : that she had no business with
the Bishop of Rome, whose authority was abrogated in Eng-
land by Act of Parliament : that it was not his, but the Em-
peror's prerogative to call conncils. And lastly, that she could
not find he had any sovereign power over other Bishops."
These methods failed. In 1569, the Bull of Pius sth was
published, entitled " The sentence declaratory of our holy
Lord Pope Pius V., against Elizabeth, the pretended Queen
of England, and the heretics adhering to her; it is dated
Feb. 4, 1569. After reciting her heresy, and contumely, the
4th and sth sections of the Bull, are in these words, " And
moreover we do declare her to be deprived of her pretended
right to the kingdom aforesaid, and of all dominion, dignity,
and privilege whatsoever."
" And also the nobility, subjects, and people of the said
kingdom, and all others which have in any sort sworn unto
her, to be for ever absolved from any such oath • and all
manner of duty, of dominion, allegiance, and obedience, as
we also do by these presents absolve them, and do deprive
the same Elizabeth of her pretended title to the kingdom,
and all other things above said. And we do command and
interdict all and every the noblemen, subjects, people and
others aforesaid, that they presume not to obey her or her
monitious mandates and laws ; and those which shall do the
contrary we do innodate with the like sentence of Anathema."
This Bull was fixed upon the gate of the Bishop of London's
palace, and also in St. Paul's Church-yard, May 25th, 1570,
by a man called John Fellows; he was a daring and doubtless
a sincere Papist ; he avowed the deed and was hanged for it.
Many copies of this Bull found their way through England,
hut without much effect ; -the only men of note who were
induced to rebel by it were the Earls of Westmoreland and
Northumberland ; they were soon put down ; Westmoreland
fled to Flanders, and lived in obscurity, supported by a pen-
sion from the king of Spain. Northumberland was taken
and beheaded at. York, in 1572.
5. In 1484, Parry's treason was detected, and himself
executed in Palace Yard, Westminster.
6. In 1586, Babbington's conspiracy failed.
7. Failing in all these attempts, a foreign invasion was
organised.
Sixtus the sth issued a Bull, in which he said that he
granted it at the vehement desire of some principal English
men, and in which he declared that he had used great dili-
gence with diverse Princes, especially with the Spanish King,
to use all his force, that Queen Elizabeth might be turned out
of her dominions, and her adherents punished because she
was an heretic !! Therefore, by these presents, we declare
that it is not only lawful, but commendable to lay hands on
the said usurper, and other her adherents, and for this so
doing they shall he well rewarded. Philip, King of Spain
stirred up by this, prepared a vast fleet, the celebrated
Spanish Armada.
The winds and the waves, under the good hand of a pro-
tecting God, fought for England ; the miscalled invincible
Armada was discomfited and shattered, and the palladium
of a world's christianity was preserved. (Loud cheers.) Two
attempts at assassination succeeded : one by Lopez, a Portu-
gal physician, and another by Patrick Cullen, an Irish
fencing master. These also failed.
Early in the reign of James 1., as soon as the Papists
perceived that the King was sincere in his Protestantism,
so that they could not work with him, they renewed their
wonted course of attempts to regain the supremacy. The
first is thus briefly recorded in Russell's Modern Europe,
vol. iii. p. 171.
" While James was taking these prudent steps, some bold
malcontents conspired to place on the throne of England
Arabella Stuart, the Kin's cousin-german, equally descended
with him from Henry VII. Watson and Clarke, two Ca-
tholic priests, were accused of devising the plot, and executed
for their share in it. But the chief conspirators were Lord
Cobham and his brother, Mr. Broke, Lord Grey, Sir Griffin
Markham, Sir Walter Raleigh, and other discarded courtiers.
These daring and ambitious spirits, meeting frequently, be-
lieving the whole nation as dissatisfied as themselves, had
entertained very criminal projects; and some of them, as
appeared on their trial, had even entered into a correspond-
ence with Aremberg, the Flemish ambassador, in order to
disturb the new settlement of the crown. Cobham, Grey,
and Markham were pardoned, after they had laid their heads
upon the block ; Broke was executed, and Raleigh reprieved.
He remained, however, in confinement many years." The
next was the gunpowder treason of infamous notoriety. 1
need not delay you with any description of the well-known
particulars of that diabolical conspiracy, whereby a Protestant
King and family, and parliament, were to be blown, as a sky-
rockt, into the air, that so the earth might be left a prey to
the usurpation of the Supreme Pontiff. (Loud cheers.) But
I will read to you a passage, from " Burnett's History of his
own Times," whereby the infamy of that conspiracy is fas-
tened, beyond the reach of the most ingenious denial, upon
the Popish party.
" And since I name that conspiracy (the gunpowder plot)
which the papists in our days have had the impudence to
deny, and to pretend it was an artifice of Cecil's to engage
some desperate men into a plot which he managed so that he
could discover it when he pleased, I will mention what I
myself saw and had for some time in my possession. Sir,
Everard Digby died for being of the conspiracy : he was the
father of the famous Sir Kenelm Digby. The family being
ruined, upon the death of Sir Kenelm's son, when the exe-
cutors were looking out for writings to make out the titles of
the estates they were to sell, they were directed, by an old
servant, to a cupboard that was very artificially hid, in which
some papers lay that she had observed Sir Kenelm was oft
reading. They, looking into it, found a velvet bag, within
which there were two other silk bags, (so carefully were these
relies kept,) and there was within these a collection of all the
letters that Sir Everard had writ during his imprisonment.
In them he expresses great trouble because he heard some of
their friends blamed their undertaking; he highly magnifies
it, and says, if he had many lives, he would willingly have
sacrificed them all in carrying it on. In one paper he says,
they had taken care that there were not above two or three
worth saving to whom they had not given notice to keep out
of the way; and in none of those papers does he express any
sort of reason for that which he had been engaged in, and for
that which he suffered."
The country was long in such a state of uncertainty as to
national religion, that, the casting voice for or against our
Scriptural Protestantism may be said to have rested, under
God, with the crown and the parliament. If they continued
Protestants, and gave protection to free inquiry and scriptu-
ral instruction, the nation would become confirmed in Pro-
testantism. If they relapsed into Popery and crushed in-
qUiry, the nation would relapse after them. This was well
known to Garnett, the master of the Jesuits, then in Eng-
land, and beyond question the prime mover of the gun-
powder treason. That conspiracy, aiming as it did at the
King and Parliament, was suitable to the exigencies of the
case for the restoration of papal supremacy. (Loud cheering.)
The circumstances were widely different eighty years
afterwards,'when the second James was on the throne. The
controversy had been warmly urged in the interim. The
papal pretensions, as well as the false doctrines and super-
stitious practices of the system, had been canvassed and un-
answerably exposed by Stillingfleet, Tillotson, and other
Protestant champions. The pulpits of the church had
sounded forth Protestant doctrine ; and the nation had be-
come so confirmed in Protestantism and liberty, that even
the crown could not sway the people against them. (Loud
cheers.)
And here we behold the Proteus adaptations of the papal
system to the existing circumstances. Instead of acting
against the authorities, it availed itself of the character and
preferences of the King, and acted with and by the autho-
rities. Violence against an unwilling nation, would of course
have caused reaction and defeated the object, seeing that a
nation cannot be conveniently secured at ex nolente fiat
volens—(loud and continued cheering)—therefore, violence
was not the suitable weapon to'wield. Intrigue was better.
Dissimulation must be practised. Accordingly we find
the papist King " endeavouring to gain the Protestant dis-
senters, and to form an unnatural coalition between them and
the Roman Catholics. With this view he took occasion
frequently to extol the benefits of toleration, and to
exclaim against the severities of the Church of Eng-
land. He cotnmanded an inquiry to be wade into all the
oppressive prosecutions which the dissenters had suffered, as
a prelude to yielding them security or redress ; and by means
of that ascendancy which the Crown had acquired over the
corporations, he thrust many of them into the magistracy,
under various pretences, in hopes of being able to procure a
parliament that would give its sanction to the repeal of the
test act and the penal laws against non-conformity. He af-
fected to place them on the same footing with the Catholics ;
and to widen the breach between them and the church, whose
favour he despaired of recovering, but whose loyalty he never
suspected, he issued a new declaration of indulgence, and
ordered it to be read in all the pulpits.”—Russell's Modern
Europe, vol. iv. p. 139. The bishops, as the sentinels of the
national religion, took alarm at this arbitrary violation of the
laws, and after due consultation, determined not to comply
with the royal mandate, but presented a respectful petition
to James, remonstrating against the illegality of the power
which he had assumed. There is indeed, and there was, a
strictly legal and constitutional dispensing power in the
Crown ; but of course it had its limits. It extended to the
penalties, but not to the privileges of the subject It was,
and is,' constitutional in the Crown to dispense with the sen-
tence of the law passed upon, a convict, and to throw open
his prison'doors ; but it was, and is, unconstitutional and il-
legal for.the Crown to dispense with the habeas corpus, and
throw any subject untried into prison. (Loud cheering for
several ininuteS.) But even then, supposing such an exer-
cise of arbitrary authority, the Sovereign is not personally
responsible. The constitution has shielded the Monarch
behind We ministers, who are responsible to the nation, and
upon whom, as the advisers of an illegal act, the concentrated
indignation of an insulted people should fall. (Renewed and
enthusiaStic cheering.) The responsibility of the ministers
of the Crown stands connected with that other feature of the
constitution, that no men can continue ministers after they
have lost the confidence of the country. And if any men,
after they have lost the confidence of the country, and pub-
licly confessed, in their places in parliament, that such is the
case, shall continue to advise the Sovereign to retain them
in office, such men become unconstitutional traitors ; and if
the country continue to tolerate such men, it becomes par-
ticeps criminis in the prostration of its own liberties. (Tre-
mendous cheering.)
I am indebted to an anonymous friend for the following
animated account of the result in the days of James :
" The day appointed for the reading of the Declaration
soon drew nigh, and so nobly and faithfully were the Bishops
sustained by the great body of the clergy, that ' not more
than two hundred in all,' states Sir James Mackintosh, ' are
said to have complied out of a body of ten thousand.'
Irritated at this disobedience, the King, on the Bth June,
ordered the Seven Prelates who had signed the Petition to
be committed to the Tower, on the plea of having published
a seditious libel against the Sovereign and his government.
" The names of these venerable champions of our faith, are
William Sancroft, Archbishop of Canterbury; Wm. Lloyd,
Bishop of St. Asaph ; Francis Turner, of Ely ; John Lake,
of Chichester ; Thomas Kenn, of Bath and Wells ; Thomas
White, of Peterborough ; and Sir Jonathan Trelawney of
Bristol. Had they but lifted up a finger, the people would
have risen in a mass to their rescue. But in meekness and
lowliness, without any attempt to excite the popular sympathy,
nay with the strongest desire and effort to suppress it, they
proceeded to the barges that were to convey them to the
Tower. The populace expressed their feelinzs in tears and
prayers. Thousands begged the blessings of the Bishops,
even running into the water to implore it. Multitudes,
kneeling and supplicating Heaven for their deliverance, lined
the banks of the Thames as they passed. On landing at the
Tower, several of the guards, and even sonic of the officers,
knelt ;town to receive their blessing ; and it was observed at
the time, and deemed a mark of special Providential inter-
ference, that on the evening of the bishops' commitment,
when they attended divine service in the chapel of the Tower,
the second lesson was the sixth chapter pf the Second

Epistle to the Corinthians, wherein they were exhorted ' to
approve themselves ministers of God, with patience, in
afflictions, in imprisonments.'
" The same manifestation of popular feeling continued
unabated throughout the following days. The nobility, of
both sexes, hastened to proffer their solace and assistance to
the venerable prisoners, and to beg their blessing; the soldiers
on guard, despite the reprimand of their commanding officer,
drank their healths ; and dense masses of true born English-
men thronged around the Tower, as if ready, should occa-
sion arise, to do battle for the passive guards of the common
liberties. Even the dissenting ministers, though so long
silent in behalf the Protestant cause, now came forward in
many instances, with a noble forgetfulness of all past dis-
sensions, and sent a deputation to visit and encourage the
Prelates whom they had before opposed. (Loud cheers.)
" The day of the ever memorable twenty-ninth of June,
heheld the bishops entering the court. The four judges were
on the bench ; the Attorney and Solicitors-general, and two
other eminent lawyers appeared for the crown ; while among
the counsel retained for the prisoners, were the names, so dear
to every Protestant, of Finch, an ancestor of the present Earl
of Winchelsea, and of Somers, afterwards the great Lord
Chancellor and Statesman. The trial, which proceeded in
the usual form, and lasted during the whole day, was frequent-
ly interrupted by unusual and irrepressible outbreaks of the
audience. On every turn of the case unfavourable to the
prosecution, a triumphant laugh, or a shout of joy,' which
the chief justice soon gave over attempting • to check, rang
ominously through the court. Lord Sunderland, the King's
prime minister, who had already become a secret Romanist,
appeared as a witness ; and after having gone through the
ordeal of being hooted, and hissed, and denounced as a Po-
pish dog' by the clamorous multitude around the doors,
came into the court colourless, trembling, downcast, bowed
beneath a load of public obloquy and self-reproach. Wil-
liams, one of the crown lawyers, on making some indiscreet
allusion, was also received with a general hiss.
" At length the counsel on either side had done their part,
and the Chief Justice proceeded to sum up the evidence to
the jury. Two of the bench, Wright (the Chief Justice) and
Allybone, considered that the petition amounted to a libel ;
Holloway and Powell pronounced it to be no libel. The
jury retired in the evening, and could not concur in a ver-
dict until six o'clock on the following morning. At ten the
prelates were brought into court, and the jury, through their
foreman, delivered in their verdict—Nor GUILTY. (Cheers.)
The shouts that arose within the court at the annunciation
of this glorious result, were instantly caught up by the as-
sembled thousands from without. With the rapidity of the
fiery cross,—the war-signs of the Highlands,—stunning ac-
clamations of triumph rushed from one end of the metropolis
to the other, and were not long, before swelled by the thou-
sand voices of the soldiers, they thundered in the ears of the
monarch himself, then occupied in the camp at Hounslow.
The jurors were caressed as national deliverers, with a warmth
of gratitude that it would be cold-hearted to' call extrava-
gant. The bishops, preserving the same equanimity which
they had evinced throughout every stage of the proceedings,
and incalculating submission and respect to the higher pow-
ers, escaped as privately as possible from the overwhelming
gratulations which the exultant metropolis was desirous of
pouring upon them. Some renegade and faithless church-
men fared according to their deserts, and were assailed with
the reproaches and derision of the multitude. Nothing
could stem the tide of universal joy. Its first ebullition was
such as did honour to the piety of a Protestant nation ; for
the people, grateful for so signal a deliverance, crowded to
the churches, and performed their devotions with an earnest-
ness and ecstasy, and vehemence of gesture, unwonted in the
character of English worship. Other more usual exhibitions
of public rejoicing succeeded in the evening. Bonfires bla-
zed, even before the King's palace, and were not quenched
till the morning of Sunday ; windows were illuminated ; bells
pealed; the Pope was burnt in effigy; feasting filled the
streets; fire-works and fire-arms added to what a witness of
the scene described as ' a very rebellion in noise ;' and the
excessive exuberance of delight, as might have been expected,
in two many instances ran over into licence and disorder.
The country was infected with the contagious and boisterous
transports of the city ; the principal towns in the kingdom
shared in the triumph ; and the grand jury of Middlesex,
although sent out no less than three times, refused to find
bills against several persons who had been indicted for the
kindling of bonfires." (Loud and continued cheering.)
The feeling of the nation was effectually roused. The
Prince of Orange, of glorious memory, was invited, and
Popery was defeated. (Renewed and fervent applause.) The
strength of the nation lay in its true Protestant principle and
awakened feeling. The Bishops gave expression to the prin-
ciple, and their reception by the nation manifested the feel-
ing. And thus, as the gunpowder plot against Protestant
individuals, so also the toleration plot against a Protestant
constitution, mercifully failed. (Cheers.)
In our own days, the strength of the nation's Protestant-
ism, is not in any individuals of name and rank and station,
but in the feelings and habits and hereditary attachment to
the Established Chureh, of the great bulk of the population.
If the Jesuit agents of the ambitious Pontiff, encouraged by
the generous concessions of a deceived people, deceived by
the base deliberate perjury which my reverend friend has
this day exposed, be aiming now a blow at our detested Pro-
testantism, their mark will prove to be the hereditary attach-
ment of the people to the Established Church. (Hear, hear,
and cheers.)
How is this attachment to be undermined? if the increas-
ing population of the country can be kept out of the pale of
the church, for want of churches and clergymen, that would
do something. Hence the clamour of the " unnatural co-
alition" against church extension. (Loud cheers.) But
even that would not work quick enough for the ardour of
Papal ambition quickened into activity by flattering hopes of
success. The portion of the population already under the
instruction of the church must be tampered with. Hence
the shameful discouragement of the church, and marked sup-
port of Popery in our colonies, shewing what our Papal-rid-
den government are willing to do, where they think they dare.
And hence the EDUCATION PLOT at home ! (Loud and long
continued cheers.)
Of course its plea is plausible, founded on what is deserv-
edly dear to Englishmen, liberty of conscience. - (Cheers.)
It is, that those who are not members of the national church
may not be deprived of the benefits of national education.
This is a sound and sufficient reason for not forcing them to
learn the truths of the church catechism ; but it is no reason at
all for proceeding to teach them, as if equally true, the false-
hoods of Popery, and thus breaking down by authority the
distinctions between truth and falsehood. (Great cheering.)
The plea of liberty of conscience is convenient to deceive ;
but the root of the system, like that of its predecessor in
Ireland, lies much deeper. It springs from the insatiable
and indefatigable ambition of Rome, wielding to her purpose
the genuine liberality and nnsuspecting honesty of English
statesmen. Lord Stanley in Ireland was in no sense or de-
gree the accomplice, but in every sense the dupe, of the
Most Rev. Dr. Murray, the agent for the Supreme Pontiff ;
and in like manner Lord John Russell is not the accomplice,
—no, sir, I sincerely believe that he designs not mischief,
but that, partly from the deception practised by artful hypo-
crites, and partly from the coercion of his political circum-
stances and position, he is, in this matter of education, the
dupe of the hon. member for Waterford, the agent for the
Most Rev. Dr. Murray. (Vociferous cheering.)
The scheme, as set forth by the committee of privy coun-
cil, has been so often dissected and exposed, that I will not
delay you with a repetition ; but I will say that it is an artful
scheme, most skilfully planned, to penetrate with a deadly
wound the heart's core of England's safety, without carrying
on its front any palpable cause for alarm, and consequent
reaction. Its direct tendency is to reduce to a dead level in
the minds of the people, Church instruction in religion, and
Popish instruction in superstition, and Socinian instruction
in infidelity—(loud cheers) : to exhibit as equally under the
patronage of the government, and equally entitled to the
support of the nation, the truth that there are only two
Christian sacraments, and the falsehood that there are seven :
the truth that there is but one mediator between God and
men, the man Christ Jesus, and the falsehood of the media-
tion of the Virgin Mary, the blessed apostles Peter and Paul,
and of all the saints : the truth that if a man could do all
whatsoever is commanded him, he would still have no merit
before God, but be an unprofitable servant; and the false-
hood that man's good works are essentially meritorious, en-
titling him to grace and salvation : the truth that to bow
down to a graven image is expressly forbidden by Almighty
God, and the falsehood that it is lawful and right to bow
down to graven images : the truth that Jesus Christ is both
God and man, and the falsehood that he is man only : the
truth that temporal rulers should as such enforce the com-
mandments of God, and support what they believe to be the
true religion; and the falsehood that as rulers they have no
concern with religion. Sir, the committee of privy council
propose to afford the means of instruction equally in all these
truths, and in all these falsehoods ; and what is this but to
undermine, as far as the system shall extend, the attachment
of the people to the Established Church ; and thus to break
down the fences, the only fences, which protect our civil and
religious liberties from the grasp of Papal ambition? (Loud
and hearty cheers.) I repeat the only fences, because, in
merely political negotiation, the Vatican is facile princeps ;
and as for the dissenters of all denominations, alas what
paper walls they would prove in the iron hand of Rome, if
the protecting bulwark of the Established Church were re-
moved! (Renewed and prolonged cheering.)
Yes, Sir, with our Established Protestantism in the as-
cendant, there is no persecution. It says to every man, pay
tribute to whom tribute is due, and receive in return ready
and impartial protection of life and limb and property; wor-
ship as you please in church and chapel ; if you can conform,
well ; if not no force, no injury, we assume no right to coerce
the baptised. This is liberty, full unrestricted liberty of con-
science. But with Popery in the ascendant there is none of
this. Policy with reference to other states may restrain or
modify her practice, but the sworn law of the system, en-
forced where expedient by corporal punishments, pcenis cor-
poralibus, is CONFORM OR DIE. (Loud and repeated cheers.)
What then is to be done ? Sir, Englishmen must speak
out, and more, they must act consistently; they must not al-
low private interests or private connections, or private rela-
tionships to interfere with known and acknowledged public
duty ; they must not only clap their hands at Protestant
meetings, but they must pledge those hands as they hold them
up, that they will never be instrumental in recording a vote
for sending any man into the legislature, who will not join in
turning traitors of divided, or rather undivided, allegiance to
a foreign potentate out of the legislature. (Here the dense
multitude in the room rose as by one consent, and by shout-
ings, waving of hats, and every demonstralion of approbation,
showed their agreement with the reverend speaker, when si-
lence was restored, he proceeded.)
Sir, that is the tone, the true old English tone, and I do
most cordially rejoice in the evidence supplied by each suc-
ceeding week, that throughout the country, there is an
awakening and rapidly strengthening determination, not only
to raise the cry, but to do the deed : to say, not merely in the
passing ebullition of a popular assembly, but in the calm de-
liberate majesty of collective wisdom and collective strength ;
to say it in our families, in our shops, in our town-halls, and
in our pulpits ; to say it at the registries and at the hustings ;
until the sound shall not only arrest the march of the great
practical premier of Irish beggars, but penetrate also within
the precincts ofthe palace, and startle the luxurious loungings
of our theoretical premier—ho ! England is resolved to defend
and maintain her Protestant Constitution in Church and State.
England is determined that upon the heads of all who aim heavy
blows at Protestantism, heavy blows shall recoil, with over-
whelming might. (Cheers.) We would desire no better,
than that England should treat the whole anti-scriptural
and anti-church confederacy as the merchants of Liverpool
treated Daniel O'Connell. I must tell you that story. The
hon. and learned member for all Ireland visited Liverpool,
under the congenial auspices of a Unitarian mayor. Not
content with the beaten path of lionizing visitors, the mayor
determined to escort the member into the newsroom at the
Exchange. The mayor, in all the honest exultation of re-
forming pride, anticipated, doubtless, a fresh wreath of fame
in that celebrated scene of commercial wealth and patriotic
intelligence. The member, in all probability deceived by
the flattering representations of his sanguine host, expected
such a reception as would redound to the glory of ould Ire-
land, and, possibly, to the amount of the annual tribute,
spoken of by my reverend friend. However that may be,
(and historians, albeit sagacious in their comments, can, after
all, only guess at motives,) the facts are instructive. The
mayor and the member entered the newsroom. All was
silence. There was no time for consultation, in words,
amongst the assembled gentlemen. They looked at one
another. It was enough. With a simultaneous rush, they
formed a compact semicircle around the door, the mayor,
and the member : and one voice, catching by sympathy the
feeling of many minds, exclaimed, " Turn out the beggar p'
The member turned pale. The mayor is always pale. And
the member said to the mayor, we are not mighty welcome
here. (Shoutsoflatuhge mhteary,oar and thendloud anplepmlabuesre.w)er The
elipeeeddoiolyr
was open, and both
at what the schoolboys call the right side to run away. Then
the room rang with hearty hurrahs, groans for the popish
faction, cheers for the Church and Queen, three cheers for
Sir. Robert Peel, and three times three for the great captain,
the hero of a thousand battles, the duke, the Duke of Wel-
lington, (Loud and hearty cheers.)

aver ind
This is the way. Let England treat the Method tis.,
the ministry as Liverpool treated the member
_e"adtli
mayor The kingdom, in the length and the br odd,
it, will then resound, as the Liverpool newsroom resounded,
with groans for the popish faction, cheers for tired by $
and Queen. (The rev. gentleman was interruP
storm of applause, which lasted several minutes.), and un•
ain
And further Sir, we must have not only this Pl bold an,
equivocal demonstration against evil, but also a, accuse'
repeated declaration of truth. Our ProtestantisaQs It
of consisting of negatives. The accusation is frielsios
based upon the positive Revelation of God, arla,,P fore the
`• the everlasting purpose of his love, whereby vi'docreo,
foundations of the world were laid) he 'lath constantly dos.
by his counsel secret to us, to deliver from curse and
tion those whom he hath chosen in Christ out of to
a,
d
and to bring them by Christ to everlasting salvation', 1!•onse,
sels made to honour." It proclaims also the blessei 0411
quences of this divine love. " They which he en au,
so excellent a benefit of God, be called according ty,,,rouglL
purpose, by his spirit working in due season ; tbeY! iti;ey be
grace, obey the calling ; they be justified freely the image
made sons of God by adoption ; they be made
of his only begotten Son Jesus Christ; they wal,*‘,r't/sa
to
LA good works, and at length by God's mercy, ue' -
to everlasting felicity." ofcbsl'
The rev. gentleman proceeded in a beautiful st.-4,Gracs
tened eloquence, to unfold the " glorious gosPel `von t°
of God," in its experimental and practical P, sat 010
human heart ; and after seconding the resolution, part
amidst the loudest demonitrations of delight from every
of the room. 7110 he

The Rev. JAMES DIXON, in a brief speech, in 71/31;60
expressed his amazement at the horrible disclosuresitbseki
to Popery which bad been made, proposed a vote 41, ale
to the champions, Mr. M`Ghee and Mr. M`Neile,
kindness in attending the Meeting.
The motion was seconded by THOMAS WALICSA'
Ravenfie
Thanks Park, and carrie b acclamaon. tie
were then voted dto the Chairman, on thLintiPlittl
of the Rev. JAMES KNIGHT; and the Meeting bow
about four o'clock.

WINDSOR.—FRIDAY.
al e`•
The Queen held a Privy Council at the Castle, tbliit
noon, at two o'clock. It was attended by Vlsc° uLer
bourne, Viscount Palmerston, Earle of Albet. Loot!:
Ebrington, Lord Holland, and the Right Hon. ne •
„one);
chere. The Hon. C. Greville was the clerk of th
e.
The Earl of Errol was appointed Lord Steward ef 9`. •
jesty's household. for -11ck'
.41
vt
It is expected that the court will leave the ca5t1e.,,,..0.)-
ingham Palace, on Tuesday next, and return to '"
the flowing Friday. of th 6
rabeto OtS
Theol d royal inner party, in addition to the me
cabinet council, will include the following personag'"r, you,
Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, Lady Gardiee MOP
Barham, Lady C. Dundas, Baroness Lehzen, 11°11101'
Cocks and Murray, Marquis of Headfort, Sir
Hon. Col. Wemyss, and the Hon. C. A. Murray.
castle
The Countess of Albemarle will arrive at the
morrow.

WINDSOR—SUNDAY EVENING. St'
Her majesty attended divine service this niorniloarlest(i
George's Chapel, attended by the Countess of ray at'
Lady Gardiner, Lady Barham, Hon. Misses Mur Mel"
Paget, Marquis of Headfort, Earl of Errol, Viseelina'ud the
bourne, Viscount Palmerston, Viscount Ebringte°'
Ladies Eleanora and Constance Paget. the Rec.nd
The first part of the service was chaunted by ,100.
Gore. The communion service was read by the "
latter 0,
Rev. E. Moore and the Rev. Mr. Canning; the f the ,
whom preached a sermon from the 14th chapter 0 musics.
epistle to Timothy, and part of the Bth verse. The Gucci&
service was as follows :—Chaunts, Drs. Crotch an iioa. ‘'
notigh ; Service King in F ; Sanctus and reponse,a, Aatha,,°:
Ashley ; Te DEUM and Jubilate, King's in F;e 1,110:,''
" Praise the LORD," Croft, was sung by Messrs'atletr?
French, and Turner. The solo parts by the latte_r sce.
Pool
were most beautifully: given. Mr. Elvey, Mus. Jaa a
, es
at the organ.
ea Col. Wemyss has taken his departure from the jog. he
the Earl and Countess of Uxbridge arrived this nor" iu t
Her majesty rode out on horseback, yesterday'
great park, attended by a numerous suite. goo'at4
The Duchess of Kent, attended by Lady Fanny
took an airing in a pony phaeton. 10/1.0 Chere'
The Marquis of Normanby, the Rt. Hon. H-
and the Hon. G. Greville, left the Castle yesterdaP, ,
Lord Alfred Paget arrived at the castle from
Lady Fanny Howard has succeeded Lady C. v
r
lady in waiting on the Duchess of Kent. eaid'
The following will join the royal dinner circle thisenarbs;
—Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, Lady s Coe a
Lady Fanny Howard, Lady Gardiner, Hon. 1115 Earl ale
and Murray, Earl and Countess of Albernarle,cooool,
Countess of Uxbridge, the Ladies Eleanora and
count 1301
viaco-,_
Paget, Earl of Errol, Viscount Melbourne,TT dor, Lo
merston, Viscount Ebrington, Marquis of "'ea
Alfred Paget, and the Hon. C. A. Murray.

BAIL C OURT—WEDNEsuAY•

(Before Mr. Justice LITTLEDALE.)
THE QUEEN V. JOSEPH JOHNSON. jolll
Sir William Follett moved in this case for a crul?
I° errP.oof
formation, on behalf of Henry Lawson, of '
against the defendant, who was of the same Plaede'cteeaw
n y
Lawson and a Mr. Ringwood acted as trustees „01.
tors under the will of a Mr. Bland, also of Lice:l'lol
that will interests were secured to the family of Air" fjoseP
and £lOO a year was given to the wife and children 0 naici
Johnson. This latter annuity was for some tinteijsvevier?
Joseph Johnson, as it became due quarterly. He' tees `'`e.
became a bankrupt, and after that event the trus iratiol,o,
dined handing him the £25 at the next quarter's exPo.orel
in the usual manner. Mr. Lawson, however, sent hods
Mr. Johnson, that the £25 should be placed in the, ,s jar
Messrs. Clayton and Cookson, attorneys, of Linetnt,'d dee°
fields, London, to be paid over by them as they showidoriari
prudent. Those gentlemen wrote to the defendant' bitay.ej
ing him that they were ready to send the money t° part ea
condition of his acknowledging that he received it necceele.ted
the annuity payable to his children. He refused t°,Be dein
this, and wrote a letter to Mr. Lawson, in which 0 000
al
from him, or to send it to the attorney
the right of the trustees to withhold the money in lie
used the expression, " My children have been Preiniser°,!,
robbed already." On the 21st of September he ag.tt that be
to Mr. Lawson in
the most violent terms, assertior.,drea
should have sent him (Lawson), his wife, and kcribe(!
prison ; that he was as big a villain as Bland had (nil
him ; that he would make him wish that he had ~'etebe l't4„f
to Liverpool; that he had never been born; and tna'' ",,
forfeited all claim to any further benefit under thievioo
Bland. The defendant also wrote a letter to Mr• 191;reee,
in which he said he meant to charge Mr. Lawson w_its tristee,,
in regard to the goods on the estate to which he w;Ar. pairs
in London. ttv ate
and with violating the will under which he acted. -es 01
son denied that there 'was any truth in the dial e
th
made. bt o 0
Mr. Justice Littledale asked whether it was rig S
as
e 0
part of Lawson to hand over the money in question t°
Clayton and Cookson.
aoing tor.
Sir W. Follett thought he was justified in --, eSta•
those gentlemen were solicitors to the estate of futhisof_
Hi, Lordship, who seemed to have a doubt off
of) Job
observed that that act did not justify the language
son, and therefore granted the rule to shew cause'

COURT OF QUEEN'S BENCH—Ttivasl3°.

THE QUEEN V. . shef 'o',
This was a rule calling upon theHARVEY
defendant to
~4
what authority he claimed to exercise the office of V:io. 0t
hello%
cillor of the borough of Liverpool, on the ground t 7 reciJ
been disqualified, he having filled the office ° ,e
A ,-
assessor. ca
- or- it.'
The attorney-general and Mr. Wightrnan sh° ioteuad
against the rule. The defendant having been ePl_fere eerrhe
vising assessor on the 10th of March, his duties.:ned. Atto
ci on the 15th of October, and on that day he res'llor et re'
defendant was a candidate for the office of counviouslYo,o
election on the Ist of November, and having Peeded he co
signed his office of revising assessor the oaten Aintol.,,.
ineligible
opteoobnlemlboeeacl:
Pollock
aeoidud (withna
tchciwloel
houlovrnr.mciiti
was
, s:otherwise
owr.
ii, Per,-
tea
of a man as revising assessor would render hi
the rule, and
Rule absolute.
ELECTION OP LORD RECTOR 601 V.
.OFFollec,::::g

----- ---- _
datl) hec''
(Prom the Glasgow Mail it Salur- ' ~4 c 11',1 C
ter-0. ce-
The election of Lord Rector took place YeS ~it, Fla for
nations.the
Io
tf
itsh ewe
lwell
poll—beingknown
tshuactc etshfeu 1
oipnp
as was anticipated Sir James Graham was re"' 'tit ole re'
election of the Hon. Baronet did not originnte_ol‘,7o tb° jorl
lege, but out of it, and it is equally well ilt., peolost
liberals were not at all backward in supplying the the „Lid
means to oust, upon political grounds, one of thepts
zealous Lords Rectors who has ever been Pia" two °„ jag
of the Institution. On the present occasion, votin*,,et,
nations have changed sides since their order
.°'_. 13arov,jer
year—Londoniana being then in favour of the to.", the `_,J)
and Transforthana against him. The following:: coivii'
of the voting, as announced yesterday in tu hell.
Hall : iierse
71
Graham.
Natio Glottiana 97 ' • I/
10 • • 53
psitio
.n the t
tbC
Loudoniana threenoto
pcoi.
* 70 • ' '"1
Rothseiana
Transforthana 34 ' '
li.• ~,
...--.

219
172
.--
47

Majority of names,

STATE OF TRADE•

lep'; fair

---
HALlFAX.—Although things are very uceure-wss isoce,
and prices lower than were ever known, still tb , 01°04
demand for some kinds of pieces, but without aritiJeb a sae
meat in value ; indeed there is no likelihood ef.s, frolli
at present. In wool and yarns, a little variatio ;
iifelo,e
week's prices.
BRADFORD.—Our piece market continues still v_se er dY to h:rs.
but as prices have, for some time past, been sup tio irti!`r;st
seen the lowest point, a slack day seems to sake r
e is
5 I:,t of
sion. Stocks are not very heavy. —Yarn, :--- 1 `11.... foro,ecs/
sameness in our yarn market, much the ordinae
is P
sort
business is doing, and without the least chaps the ouiYssre
no a e t°
Wool :—Combing qualitiesin dema id, which i;liastrilenely
mofasrvkheitc,hntohradtoceasntbhee slit:a • n nearly allother kinds
tiiis
rather easier. ' 1
LEEDS.—No shadow of improvement can be lis It beem
ivhesoninie tiwefer tjhae
improve. Small as the production hseaes
as high or
___atice ~
a further curtailment seems to be the only altep, pate.°_,„sry-
ii?anufacturers. In prices no variation can t°be 'tatlrVelVilY
short, where there are no buyers, prices re: ussoels 1! col,'
WAKEFIELD WOOL MAILICET•---COMbil e-. 'Oll4 01
leo for'
i$
tinues still pretty good, and also because 5 Loever
stock of such sorts. The trade, generally nu oise'
dull.
i is 10 ?Li, bito
as they were last week, the derrianta r"' oe to I,at
Harwoon.—The cotton trade of IleYvv°°`iilis, oli. Or
rable state ; this week the hands in-all the : awl Pi, oeoc^
one exception, have commenced working thr:
,rip10)1
per week, while hundreds are totally witho E u
Distress is alarming.

• er i°
"n"----—n--".--------
------
ii,•- rtc, 1 IS
TE
HARA—AN ARM OF THE PSOVS;rile clil'''!:'s j‘P
admirably adapted for steam navigation. three owlivoige
so little force, scarcely ever amounting. t° res"dvid tbe
hour, that steam-vessels might be used with g their le 14p1
to tug laden boats against the stream ; with bablY ned,
passage from be 0-rood
only Bawulpore to Hareke would.tPcra°o
eight or ten days, while at present 1 wood Is f the
with difficulty, in a month and a half. Fitle course eh
ir.l immense quants throughout the who.erasi,, vet :105e
river, afforded by the dense jungle of nn' whicb Pliit;ii6'
used universally by the inhabitants as fuel, for _ die 1 osed
it is well adapted. Deptits, similar „cathose °n di erepr
spi and other great rivers of Ame, wber -,ed atip their
gatigses,, 'otise
to supply the steamers, might easily be
intervals on the banks of the Ghara, Ny110;11'30 oil hesP
osuperior salubrity, a most important
f the Mississippi. Other suPPues'
and abundant d aPelcivil and eo°l
, besidesfld
,an the people are civil ine,
Alexander's Basf India and calonial gag 44
