IRELAND.

Counties ,
Boroughs.

- 47
Total against the motion 271
Majority -9
By the above statement it will be seen that England and
Wales give a large majority confirmatory of the resolution.

Letters from Vienna say that Duke Ferdinand of Saxe
Coburg will leave that capital for Brussels on the sth of next
month, and will proceed from thence to Paris, to be present
at the marriage of the Princess Victoria. Prince Augustus,
his son, who accompsnies him, will shortly, it is said, espouse
the Princess Sidonie d'Aremberg, resident at Brussels.—
Journai de Fraucfort.

The death of Mr. Poyntz, late M.P. for Midhurst, at an
advanced age, has placed several noble families in mourning.
He was father of the Marchioness of Exeter, of Lady Clinton,
and of the Hon. MN. Fred. Spencer. He sat for Ashbur-
ton in the parliament of 1831. -From 1823 to 1826 he sat
for Chichester, on the Whig interest. He was patron of six
livings, and his large estates in Sussex and Berkshire de-
volve to his daughters.

The English Agricultural Society, which last year held its
great meeting in Queen's College, Oxford, has received an
invitation to hold its next anniversary at Downing College,
in this university. Her Majesty has just granted a charter
of incorporation to the society, and has been pleased to ap-
point the Duke of Richmond the first president. The Queen
has become the patron of the society, upon the salutary con-
dition that all political questions, or subjects about to be
agitated in either House of Parliament, should be for ever
banished from discussion by the society, to which the mem-
bers immediately acceded.—Cambridge Advertiser.

BROOMSTICKISM AT A DISCOUNT.—The " independent"
meeting-house at Market Harborough was duly licensed for
the " solemnisation of marriages" very soon after the passing
of the whig-radical concubinage act ; yet, strange to say,
that although many of the congregation have entered into
the holy bands of matrimony since that period, in every case
the parties have all had the, good sense to be married at
that place which does away with all doubt as to the legality
of the union—viz., our good old parish church ; at once re-
jecting the "inestimable benefit" gratuitously bestowed upon
them by the whigs, and showing how highly they appreciate
that " boon" obtained from a weak and vaecillating govern-
ment through the means of the political dissenters of Great
Britain.

A monthly meeting of the Committee of the Church Pas-
toral-Aid Society was held on the 2d of April, when seven
additional grants were voted. The society now aids 2G5 in-
cumbents, having an aggregate population of 1,982,353 souls,
or each on an average 7,480 souls, while the average amount
of their incomes is only .1163. 128 of these incumbents are
without parsonage-houses. Previous to the aid of the society
only 300 clergymen were engaged in the pastoral care of the
above-stated population. The grants are to provide stipends
for 279 clergymen, and 38 lay assistants, at a charge to the
society, when all the appointments shall be made by the in-
cumbents, of £24,724 per annum. 188 clergymen and 32
lay assistants are now at their important labours, supported
by the society at a charge of £16,594 per annum.

• -
HINT TO TILTERS.—During the progress to perfection of
mail armour, it is interesting to observe the different forms
assumed by the head armour in the successive attempts that
were made to improve it, for the helmet, even to the last,
afforded but little protection to the countenance, and from
this inefficiency arose the circumstance which, in a great
measure, put an end to tournaments. This was the death of
Henry 11. of France, who, on the occasion of a tournament
got up in celebration of the marriage of his daughter with
the son of the king of Spain, insisted upon breaking a lance
with the Comte de Montgomeri, one of the most skilful
titters of his time. Montgomeri's lance broke against the
king's helmet, but a splinter entered between the bars of the
vizer, which penetrated the eye, and pierced hint to the brain.
—Polytechnic Journal for April. Article, " Martial Cos-
tumes of the Ages of Chivalry."

One thing we are told, which is curious. Certain ladies of
good repute and high rank thought proper to call on the new
Duchess at Kensington Palace, and congratulate her Grace
upon her elevation ; but on presenting their visiting tickets,
they were told by the Royal servants that her Grace (some
say the words were her Royal Highness) would not receive
cards, but that their ladyships might write their names down
in her Grace's (or -Royal Highness's) book. The oddest part
of the story is, that the noble ladies in question did as they
were commanded.—John Bull.

MARRIAGE IN HIGH LIFE.—The marriage between the
Right Hon. Henry Labouchere, President of the Board of
Trade, and his cousin, Miss Fanny Baring, was solemnised
by special license in the drawing-room of Mr. Thomas Bar-
ing's mansion, in Devonshire-place, on Friday morning, in
the presence of Lord and Lady Ashburton, the Chancellor
of the Exchequer, the Hon. Major and Lady Aug. Baring,
Mr. John Labouchere, and othcr relatives of the parties.
The bride and bridegroom, after the ceremony, set off in a
travelling chariot and four, for the delightful villa of the
Right Hon. Ponlett Thomson, at Roehampton, where they
will pass the honeymoon.

It is currently reported in certain circles, likely to be well
informed on the subject, that Lord Arbinger will shortly
retire from the judicial bench, and that his place will he occu-
pied by Lord Brougham. Does not this arrangement in
favour of the last named learned lord in some degree account
for his long absence from the arena where his gladiatocial
skill was exhibited so much to the annoyance of ministers !---
Morning Paper. There is no truth in this report. Minis-
ters have been trying indirectly to induce Lord Arbinger to
retire, with a view, it is thought, not of serving Lord
Brougham, but of elevating " plain John" of Edinburgh to
the bench. But Lord Arbinger is, of course, too wise to
take the hint.—Times.

PORT DYNLLAEN RAILWAY.—The government commis-
' sioners, Sir F. Smith. K.C.B. and Professor Barlow, ap-
pointed to report on the best line of railway between London
and Dublin, have completed their survey from the seaboard
terminus to Worcester, having been accompanied from
Dynllaen to Newtown by Mr. Newman, and from thence to
Worcester by Mr. Varden. The commissioners arrived in
this city on Thursday, and, having surveyed particular points
on the line in this neighbourhood, have set off to complete
their inspection of the remaining portion—from hence to
Didcot. Mr. Brunel, chief engineer,-and Mr. Hennett, sur-
veyor to the Great Western Railway, accompany the corn-
missioners along thisportion of the line. Thus there is every
id
prospect
although, of
as a a
co nn i sstitoenr of
e rs speedily giving in their report ;
at
course, nothing has yet tran-
spired, in reference to their opinion of the line, we are glad
to be able to say, that neither has the existence of any insur-
mountable obstacle come to light, or any thing else occurred
to alter the belief of its promoters, that the imperial line is
the best that can be found between London and Dublin.
Worcester Herald.
Work
papers, r
As, r t
hi
SWINDLING ADVERTISERS.—An advertisement has ap-
r_,eAarnedoninpasroamlleeled of the o
rpkaannouncingehnatlaie
annexedpubli to
publication of
it
the name of C. Webster, 17, Angel-street, St. Martin-le-
grand. On inquiry at No. 17, Angel-street, it is found that
the house is occupied by a tailor, who knows nothing of the
advertiser, except that he requested letters might be taken in
for him. This is become a common system of defrauding
the credulous ; the plan to get remittances for some pretended
book or map which is to be sent to the address of the party
remitting.—Stamford Mercury.
TRAVELLING AT FIFTY-SIX MILES AN HOUR.—The 10-
feet wheels attached to the locomotive engines employed on
the Great Western Railway, not being found fully to answer
the expectations of the directors, they have altered their plan.
and in future wheels of 7 feet diameter only are to be em-
ployed. The result has been the attainment of the speed of
56 miles an hour. On Saturday, the 28th ult., the Fire Fly,
a new engine on this principle, manufactured by Messrs.
Jones and Company, of the Viaduct Foundry, at Newton'
made an experimental trip from Paddington to Reading, and
the following is a correct statement of her performance :
She left the station at Paddington at 13 minutes and 18 se-
conds past 11 a.m., and reached Reading at 59 minutes and
43 seconds past 11, having past the first mile post at 11 hours,
15 minutes, and 57 seconds, and the 35th at 11 hours, 58 mi-
nutes, and 41 seconds, which is equivalent to 1 mile in 1 mi-
nute and 151 seconds, or nearly 48 miles an hour. During the
journey one of the tender springs broke, and caused some addi-
tional friction on the axles. The load was 2 carriages and 1
truck. At 3 hours, 19 minutes, and 9 seconds the party started
on their return to London, with two carriages. They stopped
to take in water at Twyford, which detained them 14 minutes
and 44 seconds, and finally arrived at Paddington at 21 mi-
nutes mid 3 seconds past 4 o'clock. The 29th mile post from
London was passed at 3 hours, 44 minutes and 50 seconds,
and the second at 5 hours. 16 minutes, and 51 seconds.
which is equal to the speed of 1 mile in one minute and II
seconds, or an average of 501 per hour. The greatest speed
attained was from the 26 to the 24th mile post, which was
done at the rate of 56 miles an hour. This is tho greatest
speed at present attained in the history of locomotive power
—what will ultimately be the greatest, it is impossible.to
foretell. Messrs. Jones and Co, have since forwarded a
second engine from their works to London, and they have
four others in process of erection for the use of the Greet
Western Railway Company.--Manchester Courier.

.
.
' those desires, rainistera had gton stringent to the t THE WEST INDUS, tits of work! and that others are found quit°. capable of i r. 1
et PO ipp In i:ntrlfigclict. ilitarlat6.
ittuptr{4l parlianitnt, , auperiutendent, the mercantile interests of England would ' doing even three times as much ! " Need we.," adds he, . 1
have loudly complained of their conduct, and it would have , IMMIGRATION INTO BRITISH' GUIANA. " a more sufficient proof of the ultimate superiority of the ---stas--- —ales—
HOUSE OF LORDS-THoßsnAss. been difficult to make adequate amends to any merchant whom (Prom the Berbioe Advertiser of Feb. 3.) new system ?" • FRIDAY, APRIL 10.-Wind S.S.E. . LIVERPOOL COLONIAL MARKET, APRIL 10.
Among the petitions was one presented by Lord ABINGER, the exercise of that arbitrary jurisdiction might have injured.
.By the mail Which arrived on Thursday afternoon, we re-A iterven.-Mauney, Downes, from Lisbon-Thetis, Brown, for The demand for Sugar continues moderate, but as the market is
NevA f,o Savannah.LnDa l_a
ii,
id, bettermaica supplied,soldbya uticiteiosnal,east offu reachlißp.Pri.ces,
ex..c.e7poOt
floirlidths.oisreicbluydpin,igbulgOsaJlae:
from the printers and publishers of the Times and Morning Lord Falmerstoo then vindicated the hostile proceedings of ceived, in addition to our usual English and Island files, (From the Jamaica Standard of Feb. 19.)
_deßpeenlicinednat., Mmo,Nrreiisi,e,fofrorQuemobnectx-eaNla_nmcye,linWai,lsßound,
eforr;
which went 6d to Is below theporreuscurrency of the market.
Post newspapers, against certain parts of the printed papers the British government. As to the Americans, that nation some numbers of the Liverpciel STANDARD and Mail, con- Resuming our remarks upon the imoortant subject of im-
bill. was desirous to concur in strong measures for establishing twining some very important articles on the state of the Bri- migration, we now turn to our enterprising neighbours.- Nile, Ferguson, and William IV, clean, for Newfoundland-Fero-
Nothing has been done in Bengal Mauritius. There has been an
active demand for Brazil Sugar drain the week, and an advance 01
The Archbishop of CANTERBURY presented petitions from a safe commerce with China. The same feeling existed in fish West Indies generally, and of British Guiana particu- the proprietors and planters of British Guiana. Here we icriala,e,dJoa;_iea'i,s,mfoarrriOcoporto-andßepnh.
aMrsaliorgaaew,,injosnoers. ofoo; foNre,Cveaorrielesfaorkos:
American loyalists in Canada against the clergy reserves bill, England. He had that evening received a paper signed by larlY : with.most of their sentiments we quite agree, although find that, on the 13th December last, a public meeting was
E Bakker,liot , for
for M Mobile-Napier,
tl
tee-nNi
aamp-i e rp.
ani Sandford,e
l,m a.. 6d per cwt. realized on strong refin qualities ; the sales amount
and from the Society for Propagating the Gospel in Foreign thirty London firms, expressive of their anxiety that no de- there are a few things from which we must claim the right to held in Georgetown, at which the proposals for establishing
or p na. Neptunus,
rel'hillaudrePl"P and Russia,to 250 cases, 60 boxes and 260 brls brown, chiefly at 225, and a few
good white, for exportation, at 27s 6d. 260 bags Manilla were taken
thews, for Gibraltar-Hope, Sheridan, for Newfoundland-Lad for export, at the quotations. Nothing done in bonded Refined.-
Parts, representing such bill as a breach of faith. claration of public opinion should be made which would dissent. . an emigration society were fully discussed, and an agent ad-
Lord Eeeeensonotans wished to obtain a pledge from the weaken the effect of the measures adopted by ministers ; and Blind and infatuated muit the mind be that would hesitate Pointed in the United States to carry their purposes into Harvey, Alexander, for Bay Chaleur.
No sales in Molasses are reported.-Of Plantation Coffee no sales
government not to advise the adoption of the bill until their he trusted that those who had recently declared their confi- to declare that the- planters, as a body, have not much to execution. From the documents laid before this meeting 190 frazils of Mocha, of middling quality, sold at 110 s per cwt. Of
lordships had received the judges' answers to the questions dence in the administration would not desert them on the complain of at this present time ; and equally blind and in- we glean the important intelligence, that there are upwards Dido, Holmes, from Bonny for this port, was spoken 13th March,
N3liBller, from Puerto Cabello, at La ulna Foreign, a small lot of ordinary Breen brought 46s 6d per cwt.-
thereupon propounded to them, and which could not be until present vote. fatuated must the mind be that cannot see much of the evil of 400,000 free people of colour in America, to the major Nothing done in Cocoa or Ginger.-A small lot of Pimento sold at
after the Easter recess. Sir JAMES GRAHAM, in a short reply, defended the form which our proprietary body are, at this time, the subject of, part of whom the opportunities of emigration would be con- inmiaati..y2B*
y long.
lie,
Isabel, Shaw, hence at Antigua _ 3id, and 150 bags black Pepper at 41d per lb.-Bengal Rice dull,
Lord MELBOURNE said that, without giVing any pledge, of his resolution, which, he said, was constructed according resulting from their own misguided policy, both as it respects sidered a " great boon ;"-that of these there are upwards of Blackaller, Cochrane, hence at Trinidad without change; a small parcel of Carolina sold at 3 tis per cwt.-
there would be ample time, no doubt, afforded. to the most approved principle of legitimate opposition. the process of agricultural management, and also in the spirit 53,000 in the state of Maryland alone, 20,000 of whom are in - Victoria, Oliver, hence at Monte Video The sales of Rum consist of 140 puns. ; Demerara, 11 to 37 per
Lord DLNCANNON presented the,
despatch from the go- The house then divided. The numbers were- of their colonial policy. It will not be disputed, that with the city of Baltimore, one half at least agriculturists by trade, Vestal, —. sailed from Monte Video for Liverpool 14th Jan. cent. 0.P., at 4s to as led per gallon, and Jamaica, 34 per cent O.P.
at 6s 2d der gallon.
vernment of Upper Canada relative to the monks of St. Sul- For the motion
. - and who, in consequence of the want of employment and al- Sally, How, hence at Alexandria Tea.-During the week the market has been very quiet, and prices
Against it
pice.
Lord KENYON presented a petition from the Corporation Majority against it — 9 the key of the legislature also. themselves of any fair scheme of emigration which might be I leursm ednia7
Collings, . . The sales of East India Drysaltery articles have been limited this
White, sailed from Callao for Valparaiso 19th
of Dublin, praying to be heard by counsel against the muni- The announcement was received with prolonged cheers. -We quite agree with the Liverpool journalists, that the proposed to them. Already many of them had eagerl week to trifling parcels of Indigo, Shell Lac and Lac. Dye.-20
Y December
The house adjours. at twenty-five minutes past four BritiSh West Indian planters have much to complain of, at availed themselves •of the oifer held out by the Trinidad Patriot Sawbridge ; Emilia, Milory ; and Mary am' eane, Osborn,
cipal corporations (Ireland) bill. ,
,ehdenfrcoemansdnavlarlitiaa, amot boxes Cassia Lignea have been sold at 80s, 150 bags Senna at 20,
a small lot of Saltpetre at 26s to 28s, and 200 bags Nitrate of Soda
The Marquis of WEsTasEATH presented a similar petition o'clock. this time, as a body. Crowned heads and elected parliaments agent, and they now only waited equally liberal terms, and hence, at Naples at 18s per cwt.
from Belfast. —ems— • long fostered the system of negro slavery in the colonies. It the opportunities of conveyance, to bestow their services
islycOlvtt,iissoat
; and Columbian Packet, White 21st all for thisport
tShmillanrach ; Friendship, The sales of Logwood are 80 tons Campeachy at £lO 15s, and
Lord DENMAN presented a petition from the Cashier of a HOUSE OF LORDS.-FaIDAY. was a part of their system. They not only sanctioned, but upon the planters of British Guiana. These terms it would 30 tons Jamaica at £7 12s 6d, 50 tons Savanilla Fustic at £5 10s. 30
nursed it ; and however much it may be a foul blot on our appear were simply-to " pay their passage money, and fur- £lO, 30 tons Lima Nicaragua Wood £l4 17s 6d to
Provincial Bank, representing that he had received notice to
Lord MELBOURNE deferred the second reading of the Ce . strian hence for Bombay, was spoken lath January, in lat 41
' ' tons of Cuba at
£l5 7s 6d, a few tons of Sapan Wood £l2 to £l2 5s per ton The
quit such situation, because his conscientious scruples would
Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Bill till 4h M ' t May. national character, yet it must be admitted that, whilst the nish supplies for the voyage," after which they should be 30 N, long 14 30 transactions in Turpentine are confined to 500 to 600 brls of ordinary
nation encouraged its merchants and capitalists to launch free to choose their own employers. Mr. Carberry, their
mot allow him to take the oath required in some legal pro- Albion, from Gothenburg for this port, at Longhope
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE said that he should move Gray,
r azl.
irtyi ,
id,
ey
19th
k9Eat Emil
quality, in store, at lls.-Nothing reported in Tar.-The market for
ceedings, and praying for a remedy. His lordship observed
the secondreading ofthe C •Amend-
Tithe Commutation Act a
forth their millions into the colonies, which reflected such Baltimore agent, and himself a considerable proprietor in PORT MARIA, JAMAICA, 25th Feb -It blew a constant gale from Montreal Pot Ashes continues very firm ; 100 to 200 brls have been
that he had heretofore ineffectually endeavoured to provide
areat wealth back again upon the mother country, to the ad- Guiana, had accordingly seen and conversed with various .N F. fr
N. to N . . om the Bth to the •23rd instant. The cutter Mermaid sold at 24s per cwt; some trifling parcels are reported at 24% 3d to
1 ob- went Bill on Monday. belonging to the barque Woodstock, parted her cable, Bth instant
vancement of its magnificence, power, and glory, it is bound portions of these coloured people, of different religious sects, 24s 6d per cwt. For several lots of Pearl Ashes 30s has been ob-
relief for such cases ; and he added that if he could on y
The Archbishop of CANTERBURY (after Lord Melbourneat Frankfort Wharf, and bilged. Crew and cargo (except 2 blids
to secure, to the proprietary body security for its property, who all expressedthemselves gratified
with the statements tamed.-Flaxseed for sowing is in very limited demand ; the few
taro some assurance from their lordships that they might
had said that her M • ajesty would not, certainly, be advisedsalt) saved sales which have been effected are chiefly at 67s 6d per hhd, but
now extend more favourable attention to him, he wouldand justice to the utmost, as far as any human legislative which he had iven them and held out e . promise of
g . , . s ery MILFORD, April 8.-Part of the Jane's.cargo has been discharged this price cannot now be obtained for any quantity. Linseed is in
on the subject of the Clergy Reserves Bill until after the enactments can secure it. But has the f G fi di 1-.•
government o reat nng awn as many emigrants as he would know what to do into a Smack, and the remainder will be got out to-morrow. The steady request, 657 bags and 116 pockets of East India brought 42s
again introduce the bill on the subject. judges' answers to the questions propounded to them had • •
. Britain done that ? Every one acouainted with the nature with : the people themselves were overjoyed at the idea of Apollo, Robinson, from Cork is on shore at the entrance of the alteration in • in Bees'
per quarter.-No
In answer to Lord Westmeath, been received,) deferred, for thepresent, the motion of which
Lord MELBOURNE said the second reading of the Irish ..
municipal bill would certainly not come on . before Easter. he had given notice for Monday, to move an address to the the organ of fanaticism, will pronounce at once no. That it to the equally odious " tyranny and prejudice" uner which Drie Gebroeders, hence, at Texel alteration in price, except ordinary Brazils, which are a shade lower ;
Queen not to give the ro al assent to the act " for the sale Sarah, hence for Halifax was spoken 24th March in lat 4 lon 11
The house went into committee on the printed papers bill.
ofthe y distribution
of has not done justice to the planters as a body, and therefore they one and all labour in that free and liberal country ;, , 9.. g 500 good dry salted Paraiba sold by auction at 6id, 2100 Ceara at
Sherbrooke, hence for Mobile,
c ergy, and for the
1 reservessld to 61d, 700 wet salted at 4*d, and 460 dry Maracaibo at 134(1 per
Mr. Platt, counsel for Messrs. Stockdale and Howard, ad-it has not done justice to the nation and to the world, we while no party in the state, either colonizationists or aboli- long 11
seeds thereof." will attempt to evince in our remarks. tionists, seemed to entertain the slightest objection to the Princess Victoria, Ray; Findon, Seaman; and Creole, Moller, lb.-Tolecco.. The sales during the week amount to nearly 250
dressed the house with much point. hhds, chiefly leaf, were for Ireland, 40 for export, and the remainder,
The Duke of WELLINGTON, Lord ELLENBOROUGH, &C.,
The report of the bill was ordered to be brought up on We are highly pleased to find that the representatives of scheme-nay, adds Mr. Carberry in one of his letters upon hence, at Genoa
urged his grace not to press discussion on the subject at the West Indies are about to approach the government with this subject-" Extensive emigration to the West Indies principally Kentucky stemmed to the Trade.
Tuesday. The sales of Brimstone are 100 to from .112 2s 6d to .112 ros,
Lord FITZGERALD gave notice that he should move, on present._ their grievances. We wish them much success, and hope would meet with warm support from the southern slave- and some little business has taken place in Sumac, at the quotations.
early day, for copies of the instructions that had been Mel-The Earl of ABERDEEN instituted in of Lord.they will maintain a firm position; which is the only way holder, because it would tend to enhance the value of slaves, SATURDAY, APRIL 11.-Wind S.W. fresh. -Madders and Roots continue in a very dull state, and not a single
an ARRIVED.-Peruvian, Smith, and Old England, Hodson, from sale reported, except a few ship-damaged.-There has been a little
given to the valuators under the poor law in Ireland. bourne regarding an order in council, just issued, for "re re- • •
J P likely to produce success. But it may be asked, what will by withdrawing the cheapest description of labour from the New
Lord REDESDALE presented a
_petition from Sudbury, sal " upon China ; but, as the subject was more fully ex- m ur en o e. complaint ?It will be answered at market, and because h.e cons' .
for the b d fth 'r considers the re Orleans-Evergreen, —, and James Moran, —, from inquiry for Olive Oil, and only small sales, without change in
rained in e commons, we refer to the commons summer
si• d • the ' .P senee of a free CO- Savannah-Robin Hood, Proctor. and Almeira, Weeks, from prices.-For Cod and Seal Oils the demand is upon the most
praying that union workhouses might not be exempted from Y on the want o
once, f labourers to till the ground :it will be the loured population not likely to increase the contentment, the Charleston-Champlain, Brown, from Philadelphia-Goshawk, limited scale, particularly for pale Seal, which may be bought in
thereon. old story, give us immigration on an extensise scale, or our industry, or the subordination of his slaves." , from Berbice-Wm. Herdman, —, from Odessa- quantity under the quotation ; a few trivial sales have been made at
rating.
Their lordships then adjourned. On the report of the " Printed Papers" Bill, Lord DEN- properties will retrograde into their pristine rudeness, and Here, then on every hand encouragement appears held out Queen of Britain, Follet, from Smyrna-Earl Grey, —, from .£28.-No alteration in Seed Oils ; pale Rape sells slowly at 38s to
MAN, it will be seen, moved various amendments. the capital vested in theirs will be lost. In addition to which, to the enterprising, to obtain almost whatever number they Marseilles-Crescent, Thomas, from Charente-T riton, Molken- 38s 6d, and Linseed at 24s 6d per cwt.-Oil of Turpentine is still
HOUSE OF COMIVIONS.-THURSDAY. Adjourned till Saturday. they may urge every motive of humanity and good policy. choose, of able, willing, and industrious people, at the small- betiulairtiofrnorrivAla tton=mismtSvjattnar,
inGarosi=Volgast Sp
Elizabeth, Lul-ir jerei. dull of sale.-The transactions inLariopilllvleslsiee::. limited, and
Many petitions were presented ; among them several against The words of Sir J. C. Smyth might be employed with great est possible expense,-an opportunity and advantage which, from Lubeck-g Egidius, Steens, and Pauline, Schreyenburg, from iiilvizegolaitropr3igt ranging
been
have from X 36
rather lower2ome ton; for
HOUSE OF COMMONS.-FRIDAY.
the clergy reserves (Canada) bill, one of them being from the emphasis :-" The capitalist and labourer, for ages to come, we trust, will not be lost sight of by the Jamaica planters. Ostend. has taken place in Petersburg clean and outshot, and also 4n Rhine
Bishop of Toronto, presented by Mr. Pakington. After the presentation of many petitions on various sub- will find profitable employment in this important colony " According to the terms entered into both by those of Trini- SAILED.-Elizabeth, Park, for Riga-Jantina, Gust, for Tonin • Hemp, at the quotations ; a small parcel of Jute brought £ll lOs
Sir . PARNELL gave notice, that after Easter he should jests, Mr. ORD presented a new panel for the trial of the for the importation of great numbers of labourers would dad and Demerara, we should imagine, that for the small sum pen-Oliveiro Primeiro, Oliveiro, for Oporto-Mountaineer, Wil- per ton.-In Flax little has been done.-The sales of Petersburg
move for leave to bring in a bill for again ascertaining the Cambridge election petition. promote " the happiness and comfort of the human race, of six or eight dollars per head, as many emigrants might be Hams, for Jamaica-Cumbrian, Roper, for Newfoundland-Mica- and Odessa Tallow have been confined to small lots, at former
population of Great Britain, distinguishing the increase or . lELD instituted inquiry regarding " the divi-
Mr. PRES.HF ... and much diminish misery." If ever man uttered the words obtained in the course, of a year or two, under this scheme as elite, Lecosruz, for Barcelona-Tamerlane, Fisher, for Quebec- prices ;at auction to-day,-380 pipes and hhds Monte Video Tallow
Red Rover, Roose, for Vera Cruz. were offered, and nearly the whole sold briskly, very fine at 47s 6d
diminution, &c. eion" of Friday morning. of truth and soberness, it was Sir James, when he expressed might yet replenish every estate in the island. All that is to 48s 3d, second quality, trot of good colour and firm, at 45s 6d to
Mr. MAXWELL stated that on Monday he should move •
himself in this manner. The representatives might urge his wanted to begin with, is an active and trustworthy agent in Gossypium,
Mr. HvaiE gave notice that he should hereafter move the Brown, from New Orleans, at this port ; sailed 28th 475; the inferior description was neglected.
for a return of the number of Roman catholic bishops or words in favour of the great work of immigration, which the United States, who may either be appointed there, or Feb. On 18th March, in lat. :37, long. 52, fell in with the Henri- — _ - e-_-_
appointment of a select committee, for the purpose of exa- -
Priests receiving grants of public money in the colonies, the alone, we are sure, are sufficient to operate on the govern- sent from this country, as may be convenient. To effect this, etta, Clements, from Halifax for Jamaica, a complete wreck, having
mining the duties on imports, to ascertain where the duties
dates at which those grants commenced,
and the authority been dismasted in a hurricane, 13th March, and took off the crew. LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, APRIL 10.
were for the protection of similar articles the product of this went. let a society be formed, and subscriptions raised, to cover
under which they were made. On 4th April, in lat. 49 long. 14, spoke the Tiger, from New Or- The demand this week has been very moderate, and a large poi.-
country, or where they were imposed for the purpose of re- To urge the necessity of an importation of capital with the the necessary expenses of chartering a vessel, and providing leans s„r Live 1 , tion of the late imports from the United States being of inferior
Mr. O'CoNNELL added, that on this motion he should
venue. present number of labourers, would be futile, because there provisions for the voyage; and we entertain not a doubt, Friendship, Lawson, from llonduras, at the Cove quality, the market for this description is heavy, and prices are id
move that the return be extended to Protestants of all de-
Lord J. RUSSELL obtained leave to bring in bills-1. is a great amount of capital already in the colony, ready to be judging from the success and prospects of success attending ' Drummore, miine, from Liverpool for New South Wales, was lower than on Friday last, the middling qualities are also rather
" To continue the poor law commission for a limited period, and also a return of the relative numbers of the
;,, nominations, . vested in agriculture, if labourers could but be had at any similar efforts elsewhere, that for every thousand pounds thus spoken 23rd Dec. in lat. 40 S, long. 58 E, under jury main and mizen cheaper, whilst the fair and better kinds remain without material
members of the different sects. masts change; Brazil, on the other hand, is scarce, and fully id dearer;
and 2. "For the better administration of relief to the poor in thing like reasonable terms. Labourers who are dragging raised and expended, some three or four hundred effective la-
Colonel SIIITHORP intimated that on Monday he should Parker, Risien, hence for Demerara, was spoken Bth March, in in Egyptian and Surat there is no alteration. 2000 American have
England and Wales." out a miserable, half starved, ill-paid life, in other parts of bourers will be obtained-n 1 •d •
ot on y acquainte with the cul- lat. 24 30 long. 32 been taken on speculation, and 1500 American for export.
move that the returns relating to commissions issued since the empire, would find profitable employment here.
Mr. W. MILES, connected With the same subject, ob-tivation of sugar, but congenial with the climate, and accus- Uzella:Newton ; Margaret, Mollard, and Mastery, Noel, hence
tamed leave to bring in a bill "to provide a summary remedy 1838,. and for which he moved on the 27th of February last, We are not sanguine in our expectations, of much real good tomed to the habits of the country.- If these are not advan- and Syra, at Constantinople
be laid before the house forthwith. He found that returns ACCOUNT OF SALES AND IMPORTS OF COTTON,
to the lower classes of society in cases of seduction and resulting from the importation of field labourers from high tages in favour of this scheme over all others which have yet Lady Douglas, David, from Odessa, ditto, and sailed 18th March From the 3rd instant to this day, inclusive.
of a much more voluminous nature. moved for since that latitudes. There are thousands of clever mechanics in Great been brought before the notice of the Jan • bl. for Liverpool
breaches of promise of marriage." mica pu ic, we
period, had been laid before the house, and therefore heEllen Jenkinson, Medcalf, hence at Leghorn, 31st March, in 21 , Prices paid 1 IMPORTS
Mr. GOULBURN moved for, and which were ordered, co- Britain, who would better their circumstances much, no know not what can be considered so. We remind our read-thought he was justified in his proposed course. doubt, by coming to this country ; who, together with do- ers, that Trinidad and Demerara have already begun to avail das• • SALES OP THE WEEK. in the week. ThisWlE. thisyear
pies of any correspondence between her .Majesty's govern- Defiance, Sellis, from Poole for Liverpool, at Milford, with loss of
On motion of Sir G. CLERK, a new writ was ordered for
meat and the East India Company, showing the arrangement mestic servants, not being exposed to the broiling sun and themselves of the opportunity, and we do trust, although spars, bulwarks, &c. 140 , Sea Island Ill.:1028d
Hon F W. Grant who had
Elginshire in the room of the .F. .
entered into with the East India Company for paying the, the drenching rains, might enjoy a fair 'share of health, with other schemes possessing none of these advantages may have Pollux, Fallange, and Anglae, Lahaye, hence at Marseilles 50 ; Stained 6 -10 i } 9993 1117510
vacated by accepting the stewardship of the Chiltern Hun- aa a antages and an independence which other countries do proved far from satisfactory in their results, that Jamaica will Maria, Moritz, hence at Swinemunde 6290 I Bowed Georgia - 64
expense of the armament now preparing in India for service
in China. dreds. not afford. not, therefore, be deterred from standing forward in the com- Lady Cremorne, Fenwick, and Thorneley, Torman, hence at
3900 ' f Mobile - 64
Mr, SLANEY obtained leave to bring in a bill " to repeal lain the course he Hamburg
Lord HOTHAM asked Mr. Hume to. explain . . The planters, as a body, are at this time much agitated. petition, and proving to the. American labourer the superior • 1 a Alabama and Tennessee 44 -5i 1
.9739 1183508
wished to take with respect to a notice of his relating to They have received a compensation from the British nation advantages of her climate and institutions over either of Flora, Radeiche, hence at Cuxhaven 13730 New Orleans - 9
so much of an act made and passed in the sth and 6th years Transit, Wrightson, hence at Harlingen I r Pernambuco & Paraiba Bl - 9a .
Judges ofAdmiralty.
the for their slaves, it is true ; but have they been properly'at- her competitors. 910 , t - / 1105 1 9966
of the reign of his late Majesty King William the Fourth,Henry & Elizabeth, Shaul, hence for Flensburg, at Falmouth ( Aricati and Ceara Bl -94 -
Mr. HUME answered that he intended his motion should tended to ?We think they might show the government that We hope to see a meeting shortly called, to take this sub- Hope, Guthrieefrom Havana, at Hamburg 510 1 Bahia and Maggio
intituled 'an act for the establishment of loan societies in'3 -81 -.. 6678
only apply to future judges. they have not. They vested great capital in the colonies, on ject into consideration; meantime we shall be happy-as we f Maranham
England and Wales, and to extend the provisions of the4oo
Lord HOTHAM intimated that in such case he should take the good faith of the British nation, which is as much bound cannot find room at present for the publication of the docu-a Sawginned
friendly societies' acts to the islands of Guernsey, Jersey,SUNDAY, APRIL 12.-Wind S.E. light.
and Man, ' as relates to the establishment of loan societiesdissolution of
an early opportonity of movie thetafter thei _disso
allowed to protect the agriculturist here from the want of labourers ments in question-to submit them to the perusal of any of ARRIVED.-Mary, Godfrey, from Savannah, 50 days passage- - --
--L
} - }
Para
thet resent parliament no judge of the Am ralty be to keep up the cultivation, andfrom the competition of foreign our friends who may favour us with a call.
in England and Wales ; and to make other provisions in lieu Formosa, Crawford, and Napoleon, Sherman, from Mobile 10 , Demerara, Surinam, &c Bi -•- 22 161
o sit in the house.
thereof." and slave-grown produce, as it is to protect the property SAILED.-Powhattan, M'Cerran, for New Orleans-Os ray, Bar- 570 Egyptian -11 i .... 17954
Sir R. H. 1501 a.% asked for ioformation in reference to a sett, for Havana-George Wilkinson, Brown, for Quebec-and els-
Mr. T. DUNCOMBE called attention to the petition of Mr. vested in English agriculture from competition with Russia (From the Jamaica Royal Gazette.)
Barbados
.... 183
large iron steamer lately taken into her Majesty's dockyard
James Howell, lecturer on astronomy, praying the house toand other countries. If Great Britain had not the means of This subject, which to us West Indians is of so much im- ters, Short, for Nassau-and Congress, Adams, for Mobile.
address the crown to afford him adomy,
continuation of the privi- of Portsmouth, and refitted there, as there was a mystery redressing the grievances under which so respectable and importance, has received the warmest support of one of the Champion hence for Rio Janeiro, was
spoken 29th March,
-- - I
connected with. her destination,. and there was a strong im- - - -
legs of lecturing at theatres during Lent. He moved an ad-portant a part of the empire ere suffering, and through whose most respectable British journals, the Liverpool Standard: in lat. 48, long. 10 '
pression that it was an illicit one.; Common West India, &e -- }- 29 1907
dress accordingly.enterprising spirit its national wealth has been so much aug- In reference to the public meeting lately held in Demerara, Romulus, Gerson, hence at Algiers ,
Mr. Fox MAULE opposed the motion, on the ground of Mr. M. O'FERRALL answered it was true that a vessel of mented, then there would not be those reasons for corn- for the purpose of giving expression to the general feeling in Isabel, Mathews; Ashburton, Bulkely, heneli at Terceira 20 Carthagena
' Smyrna -
i
the description mentioned had been refitted in the dockyard Mantura, Weeks, from Dublin, ditto
the new regulations laid down by the Lord Chanberlain. plaint which now fill every mouth with murmur, and every favour of immediate measures being taken for the promotion - - -
of Portsmouth, but he believed there was nothing illicit in Catlierine, Coffey, from Laguna, at the Cove; sailed 9th Feb. in
After a short debate the house divided, and the motion mind with distrust : but she has the power within herself ; of immigration into that colony, the editor of the paper above- 1120 Surat 34 -54 7244 } 23172
the objects of its destination. she has millions of individuals, whose circumstances would named gives his opinion :-" We heartily rejoice to find that companyir a with the Lerwick, for Liverpool
was carried :-Ayes, 73 ; noes, 49 ; majority, 24. Madras - -
, Duncan, hence for New Orleans, was spoken sth March,
Lord J. RUSSELL, in answer to inquiry from Mr. Paking- be infinitely
bettered by immigrating to these shores. Whilst, the respectable colonists have taken this subject in hand in '2O Bengal 144 - - .... 557
The adjourned debate on China was then resumed.in lat. 37, long. 33
Mr. HOGG began by adverting to the evidence which was then,
ton, intimated the intention of taking the further proceeding. the British Isles are pouring forth such prodigious good earnest. We anticipate the greatest advantages from Expedition, Davies, from Charleston for Liverpool, at Penzance -7.-_-
, 2,6, 0 bales 2813] 363321
on the " Union" of the Canadas Bill on Monday, it being swarms of emigrants, and emigration is fostered by the go- the proposed movement on their part, responded to, as that leaky I
taken by government before the opening of the trade, and
which proved that the Chinese were opposed to the settlement desirable to have the opinion of the house thereon. vernment to any soil but that of the luxuriant ailuvion of movement will be, by the mercantile community in Great Defiance, Sillies. from Poole for Liverpool, at Milford, lost jib-
- - —
Mr. HERRIES asked the Chancellor of the Exchequer Guiana, the government withholding immigrants from this Britain. The question must be forced upon the early atten- boom, bulwarks, cookhouse, stove, &c.
of foreigners, to the admission of political residents, and to
whether he could name the day when he would submit his country is the agent of pecuniary loss to the capitalists as a tion of parliament, especially after the publication of Lord Superb, , from Laguna, at Nassau LIVERPOOL PROVISION MARKET, APRIL 13.
the transaction of business through any other channel than Limena, —, from Barbadoes, ditto Three-fourths of the stock of Butter in this market is stale and
financial statement (the `` Budget") to the house. body :it is the curse of the country, and is, too, doubly re- Normanby's despatch to Governor Light." On a subject
that of the Hong merchants. The policy of the government quite unsaleable ; what little there is, prime and fresh commands
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that he had prehensible when viewed with its concomitants. No doubt involving, as it does, the future welfare of all our colonies,
had been shaped in contravention of all those objections, andess to 100 s for Kilkennys, Carlow's and Belfast. Nothing can be
hoped to be able to name the day before the holiday's, but he the value of West India property is at this moment very we fearlessly assert that the legislature of Jamaica is bound MONDAY, APRIL 13.-Wind S.E. to S.W. moderate.
the national feelings of the Chinese had been crossed. Whenmore favourable than the weather just now, for the growing crops,
found that he could not do so until Monday after the great • but it i
, s equally, beyond a doubt, sinking, and will to support the application to parliament, and in their memo- ARRIVED.-Robert. Fulton, , from New York; sailed 19th and abundant arrivals of new Grass Butter may be daily expected.
difficulties began to arise, repeated entreaties for instructions the
hol da s continue to sink, without a considerable increase to our la_ rial show, in the fullest and most evident manner, the effect March-Paul Frederick, —, from Wismar-Orontes, , Pickled Butter 95s to 965, and dull. Beef and Pork are without al-
were addressed to government, but no instructions were Y Y •from Savanilla. teration. Bacon very steady at 48s to 51s for prime long and short
Sir R. PEEL asked whether there was .any foundation for bouring population. Is it not unjust, then, to withhold ins- of this valuable scheme. Properly
ouchsafed. It was said the country was too remote to make a speaking, we have no eateen.-Ladd, Zoetcheft, for Antwerp-Islam, Morphew, for middles.'
instruction practicable. lf ministers had professed to invest 'I rally circulated that an order in council had migration from
t e re.port gene . . ,
.us, when we consider, too, that thereby a manufactories-the capitalists are generally agriculturists- Barbadoes-Margritha, Boomgard, for Groningen-Splendid
been issued for reprisals, in respect of China? curse is inflicted on the colony ? Had we labourers to culti- the failure of agriculture would, therefore, inevitably involve Crocker, for Mobile-Scipio, Greggs, for Newfoundland and Clue-
the superintendent with uncontrolled discretion, that policy
might have been defensible. But here they professed to in- had been an order
Lord J. RUSSELL answered that there vale our soil and to drain our swamps, so that the putrefac- the failure. of every other interest. It is undeniable, that bee-Panthea, Ashby; Pontiac, Parker; St. Mark, Varnum, and LIVERPOOL CATTLE MARKET, APRIL 13.
in council for reprisals. tion of rank weeds, and the stagnation of waters, might not "if sugar, cotton, coffee, and other valuable staples be not Mayflower. Weeks, for New York-Josephine, Smith, and Intrepid, There was to-day a larger market of Beasts than last week, and
struct him, yet left him uninstructed.
Dr. LUSHINGTON gave credit to Sir James Graham for intended to make any •
Sir R. PEEL inquired whether it was . poison the air, how much it would contribute to the healthful raised in the colony, the merchant will get no sale for his Leaper, for Richibucto-Clio Smith, for Savannah-Rapid, Ma- the trade by no means brisk • the nrimest Beef at wed to "d
thins,f St t' F P, • I Auguste, Kirkhove for Os- • • . ' = sold e i ,
Stettin-Eugene, ern, ant. second quality 6d, inferior Sid; at the close of the day there was
• •, , • .• ~ _ _ _e___:_i- ...e.. A......_,,0f-- formal communication on the subject to Parliament ? state of the colony !No doubt it might be made as healthy wares, or the artizan for his handicraft." We do hope, how- tend-AndrewWhite,for
1
Clarke, for Anchat-Jorge Louis, Mulder, a number of Beasts unsold. The number of Sheep was larger
------........:-- 4- .......e... 4e.- 1.,•• . rst..*A.TM,—Xl.**,..r. Barnes, for Constantinople-Sir Walter than last week. prime Wethers in demand at 7id to 74d, second

HOUSE OF COMMONS.—TRURSDAY.
Many petitions were presented ; among them several against
the clergy reserves (Canada) bill, one of them being from the
Bishop of Toronto, presented by Mr. Pakington.
Sir H. PARNELL gave notice, that after Easter he should
move for leave to bring in a bill for again ascertaining the
population of Great Britain, distinguishing the increase or
diminution, Sce.
Mr. HUME gave notice that he should hereafter move the
appointment of a select committee, for the purpose of exa-
mining the duties on imports, to ascertain where the-duties
were for the protection of similar articles the product of this
country, or where they were imposed for the purpose of re-
venue.
Lord J. RUSSELL obtained leave to bring in bills-1.
" To continue the poor law commission for a limited period;"
and 2. " For the better administration of relief to the poor in
England and Wales."
Mr. W. MILES, connected 'With the same subject, ob-
tained leave to bring in a bill " to provide a summary remedy
to the lower classes of society in cases of seduction and
breaches of promise of marriage."
Mr. GOULBURN moved for, and which were ordered, co-
pies of any correspondence between her .Majesty's govern-
ment and the East India Company, showing the arrangement
entered into with the East India Company for paying the
expense of the armament now preparing in India for service
in China.
Mr, SLANEY obtained leave to bring in a bill " to repeal
so much of an act made and passed in the sth and 6th years
of the reign of his late Majesty King William the Fourth,
intituled an act for the establishment of loan societies in
England and Wales, and to extend the provisions of the
friendly societies' acts to the islands of Guernsey, Jersey,
and Man, ' as relates to the establishment of loan societies
in England and Wales ; and to make other provisions in lieu
thereof."
Mr. T. DUNCOMBE called attention to the petition of Mr.
James Howell, lecturer on astronomy, praying the house to
address the crown to afford him a continuation of the privi-
lege of lecturing at theatres during Lent. He moved an ad-
dress accordingly.
Mr. Fox MAULS opposed the motion, on the ground of
the new regulations laid down by the Lord Chanberlain.
After a short debate the house divided, and the motion
was carried :—Ayes, 73 ; noes, 49 ; majority, 24.
The adjourned debate on China was then resumed.
Mr. HOGG began by adverting to the evidence which was
taken by government before the opening of the trade, and
which proved that the Chinese were opposed to the settlement
of foreigners, to the admission of political residents, and to
the transaction of business through any other channel than
that of the Hong merchants. The policy of the government
had been shaped in contravention of all those objections, and
the national feelings of the Chinese had been crossed. When
difficulties began to arise, repeated entreaties for instructions
were addressed to government, but no instructions were
-vouchsafed. It was said the country was too remote to make
instruction practicable. If ministers had professed to invest
the superintendent with uncontrolled discretion, that policy
might have been defensible. But here they professed to in-
struct him, yet left him uninstructed.
Dr. LUSHINGTON gave credit to Sir James Graham for
having constructed his motion on the principle of a drag-net—
to catch the large fish, the little fish, and the loose fish. He
admitted that China was no party to the law of nations,
commonly so called, but she could not be exempt from the
great obligations of ordinary justice. Considering the pecu-
liarly mischievous properties of opium, and the extensive
growth of it in our Indian dominions, he might have acknow-
ledged that China would have been entitled to call on us for
the suppression of its sale within her limits, if she herself
had been making genuine efforts for that suppression ; but
while she was urging this demand on us, she herself was con-
niving at the trade. Suppose, however, that instructions
had been sent to Captain Elliot to put down the traffic, and
that the merchantmen, which was not very likely, had sub-
mitted to leave Canton, the only result would have been that
they would have diffused it over other parts of the coast.
Sir JOHN HOBHOUSF. contended that if there was ground
for this motion there was ground for a much stronger vote.
But the present proceeding was not a practical one; it pro-
posed no suspension of the hostilities which it condemned ;
it was a mere party matter, brought forward without the
slightest care for China ; and he regretted such trifling upon
a great question of peace and war. He wished Sir James
Graham had here, as in the case of his last year's wisely
abandoned notice about the war in India, abstained from
bringing forward a discussion likely to damp the energies of
those who were to fight their country's battles. The various
speakers on the other side had agreed in no definite opinion
about the justice of the war with China ; yet surely, before
they sought the removal of the present ministry, they should
have made up their minds whether they would support that
war, if. conducted by another cabinet. With respect to the
opium trade, its enormities had long since been exposed to
parliament ; and none of those whose consciences were now
so tender on this topic had then stepped forward to express
their disapprobation. But it now seemed to be made matter
of blame that the British ministry did not introduce a bill for
making it penal to smuggle opium into China. He then
entered into various details to show the impossibility of pre-
venting this description of contraband. He defended the
conduct of Captain Elliot, and concluded by expressing a hope
that the circumstances of the case would be fon. d to justify
ministers in the responsibility they had undertaken.
Sir R. PEEL said, that though the crown had sent no mes-
sage to the house on the affairs of China, and invited from
it no opinion, the country was, by the confession of minis-
ters, on the verge of war with a region inhabited by almost
one-third of the whole human race. And the objection of
those ministers to this motion on so momentous a question
was, that it proceeded upon party principles. Such proceed.
ings had ever been usual under a free constitution, and were
inseparable from it. But the present case, it had been said,
was of too great magnitude to be canvassed by a party mo-
tion. That is, your impunity is to be in proportion to the
greatness of the interests you endanger. Your war, how-
ever, may be an unjust one with reference to its causes ; and
yet it may have been rendered a necessary one by the gross
neglect and misconduct of the ministers who have brought it
on. The charge against them was, not that they did not
foresee what the Emperor of China would do, but that, in
the new state of things arising out of the opening of the
trade, they sent out a superintendent furnished with no
instructions, and strengthened with no moral force from
the presence of naval support. The distance was set up
as a reason for their meagre and contradictory instruc-
tions ; but they might, without fettering him by specific
orders, have possessed him of their general views, as to
the place of residence, the mode of communication, and
the traffic in opium. The moral effect of a naval force
might have been secured, without stationing it so near
as to give umbrage to the Chinese authorities. Sir Robert
Peel went on to observe, that the main question now was
whether ministers had been guilty of reprehensible neglect,
and to that he would confine himself. He then selected
from the published papers a variety of passages establishing
particular instances of the neglect which he imputed. For
example, an act of parliament had authorised ministers to
give certain power to their superintendents by order in coun-
cil. They passed an order, but it was so imperfectly framed
as to confer no power at all. The imperfection was pointed
out to them, and instead of amending it they simply pro-
posed to extend these non-existing powers to a wider local
limit. They had authority, too, by order in council, to es-
tablish a criminal jurisdiction among the British subjects in
China. They did not exercise that authority, but they in-
troduced a bill into parliament in 1837, sr, late in the session,
that it was necessarily withdrawn ; and they introduced
in 1838 another bill, which they protracted to a still later
period of the session, and which comprised a civil as well
as a criminal jurisdiction. It failed ; but the authority
to establish a criminal jurisdiction by order in council still
remained with them ; and that authority they still ne-
glected to exercise. Having gone through the details of
representations, entreaties, and remonstrances made by the
superintendents, and disregarded by ministers, Sir R. Peel
observed, that if his only object had been to obtain a majo-
rity, that object would probably have been accomplished
by a motion simply condemning the war and the traffic
in opium. But he could not conscientiously say that some
further continuation of hostilities, however culpably they were
originated, might not, in the actual state of things, be now
unhappily necessary. Still he was anxious to prevent the un-
fair excitement of the public mind against the Chinese.
Some of their acts were indefensible ; but our provocations,
and the general humanity of the people ought not to be for-
gotten. If war was necessary, lot it not be conducted in a
revengeful spirit, but rather with a disposition for re-opening
the way to a permanent friendship. Let it beremetnberec
that success itself might lead to fearful consequences—per-
haps
to revolution and anarchy among 350,000,000 of men.
Let it be considered that the interests of other states might
be so affected by our hostilities, as to involve us in difficulties
with their governments also. The late blockade had lasted
only five days, but it had produced a remonstrance from the
American merchants. He concluded by an earnest prayer
that Heaven might avert those evils to which the misconduct
of the rulers had justly exposed her.
Lord PaemestsroN described the conception of the motion,
and the execution of it in the debate, to have been equally
feeble. And if his own nespatches were considered deficient
in precision, what must be thought of the language of the
proposed resolution ? Omission was charged ; but no one
bad clearly explained what it was which had been omitted.
Meanwhile he rejoiced that the motion threw no imputation
upon the officers employed ; and he wished to state the utter
groundlessness of the supposition that Captain Elliott had
in the least degree countenanced the smuggling of opium.
After some not uncourteous aniinadversious on the speeches
of Mr. Gladstone and Mr. Thessiger, Lord Palmerston again
complained that the nature of the alleged omissions had not
been stated by his opponents. if you accuse a man of what
he has committed, you need not suggest that he should have
done something else ; but while you accuse him of omitting
something, you are bound to state the thing so omitted.
Gentlemen had not ventured to speak out hut he believed their
real meaning was, that the superintendent should have been
armed with powers effectually to suppress the trade in opium.
The noble lord then answered various points of detail arising
out of the published papers : after which he adverted to the
untruth of the pretence set up by China, that her object was
the morality of her people. That was not the real motive:
if it had been so, there would have been a prohibition of
the poppy culture in the Chinese dominions. The real
object was to favour the poppy interest, and to keep the
in compliance with
bullion in the celestial empire. If,

Lord J. RUSSELL said, not at present.
Sir R. PEEL.—Is it intended to issue letters of marque ?
Lord J. RUSSELL said that he was not prepared to answer
the question at that moment, but in a subsequent part of the
sitting, his lordship said that he wished to state the character
of the order ;—it was not to sanction the issuing of letters of
marque, but to establish a court that would have the power
of condemning vessels seized by her Majesty's ships of war.
His lordship added, in answer to further inquiries, that the
date of the order in council was Friday last ; and that a copy
of it should be produced by Monday.
The remaining business having been disposed of, the House
adjourned till Saturday, at half-past three.

HOUSE OF LORDS.-SATURDAY.

The printed papers bill was read a third time and passed.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH stated that, after Easter, he should
move the appointment of a select committee to consider what
regulations it would be expedient to adopt respecting the
publications of that house.
After the presentation of some petitions, and the advance-
ment of some bills, their lordships adjourned.

ment.
To urge the necessity of an importation of capital with the
present number of labourers, would be futile, because there
is a great amount of capital already in the colony, ready to be
vested in agriculture, if labourers could but be had at any
thing like reasonable terms. Labourers who are dragging
out a miserable, half starved, ill-paid life, in other parts of
the empire, would find profitable employment here.
We are not sanguine in our expectations, of much real good
resulting from the importation of field labourers from high
latitudes. There are thousands of clever mechanics in Great
Britain, who would better their circumstances much, no
doubt, by coming to this country ; who, together with do-
mestic servants, not being exposed to the broiling sun and
the drenching rains, might enjoy a fair share of health, with
advantages and an independence which other countries do
not afford.
The planters, as a body, are at this time much agitated.
They have received a compensation from the British nation
for their slaves, it is true ; but have they been properly'at-
tended to ? We think they might show the government that
they have not. They vested great capital in the colonies, on
the good faith of the British nation, which is as much bound
to protect the agriculturist here from the want of labourers
to keep up the cultivation, andfrom the competition of foreign
and slave-grown produce, as it is to protect the property
vested in English agriculture from competition with Russia
and other countries. If Great Britain had not the means of
redressing the grievances under which so respectable and im-
portant a part of the empire are suffering, and through whose
enterprising spirit its national wealth has been so much aug-
mented, then there would not be those reasons for com-
plaint which now fill every mouth with murmur, and every
mind with distrust : but she has the power within herself ;
she has millions of individuals, whose circumstances would
be infinitely bettered by immigrating to these shores. Whilst,
then, the British Isles are pouring forth such prodigious
swarms of emigrants, and emigration is fostered by the go-
vernment to any soil but that of the luxuriant ailuvion of
Guiana, the government withholding immigrants from this
country is the agent of pecuniary loss to the capitalists as a
body : it is the curse of the country, and is, too, doubly re-
prehensible when viewed with its concomitants. No doubt
the value of West India property is at this moment very
great ; but it is equally, beyond a doubt, sinking, and will
continue to sink, without a considerable increase to our la-
bouring population. Is it not unjust, then, to withhold im-
migration from us, when we consider, too, that thereby a
curse is inflicted on the colony ? Had we labourers to culti-
vate our soil and to drain our swamps, so that the putrefac-
tion of rank weeds, and the stagnation of waters, might not
poison the air, how much it would contribute to the healthful
state of the colony ! No doubt it might be made as healthy
as any country within the tropics. Who can help lamenting
over the mistaken policy of the world, which has allowed the
fairest blessing of nature to bloom its smiles for centuries on
this country, inviting, by a thousand calls, the skill and in-
dustry of man, without responding to a voice so loud, so
cheering, and so promising? We do not lament that the
monstrosities of slavery are put an end to, but we do lament
to see our trenches choking up, our cane pieces neglected,
and our once flourishing plantations falling back to their ori-
ginal state. Witness the East and Corentyne Coasts, which
once spread their golden drapery before a smiling sun. Whilst
Great Britain was bound, on the one hand, by every sacred
principle, to put an end to the evils of slavery, it is also bound,
at least, not to put any impediments in the way of our api-
culture, much less should it positively act as it has, to the
injury alike of itself and her colonies.
When the Spaniards hit upon the plan of supplying the
place of the Haytian aborigines, whom they had worked
down in working their gold mines, by negroes from Africa,
it was under the pretence of civilizing and christianizing
them ; and great numbers were baptized. How far it was
" an outward sign of an inward and spiritual grace," does
not appear. England and other European nations, excited
by the wealth which the Spaniards got from the West, took
up the trade also, of exporting great numbers of negroes
from Africa to the West Indies ; but it was with the fair un-
derstanding, at first, that they should be treated very
humanely, whilst one great object proposed by this trade,
was the civilization and conversion of the Hamite race. But
as oon as the great profits of this rapidly degenerating trade
began to flow into the national coffers, the nation winked
at the means by which it was acquired, though Queen. Eliza-
beth, who was very fruitful in the qualms of conscience, had
great misgivings on this subject, too. Thus it grew and
strengthened with years, until it was acknowledged as a part
of the law of the land. Now, the same reason prevails now,
as in the days gone by. We want' labourers : the Africans
are a race well adapted to our object : they are in a state of
savage wildness, exposed to all the evils consequent upon
ignorance and idolatry. A scheme of emigration for them
would deliver them from the evils of savage barbarity, and a
humane scheme of immigration for them to our shores
would create a reciprocal blessing on the importers and the
imported, whilst England would have the glory of furthering
alike the cause of civilization and industry : British interest
and Christianity. These observations will apply also to India.
England ought to attend as judiciously to the colonizing of
her colonies as to her own domestic policy. We hope she
will look well to this. We beseech the British public, for it
is to them, and not to a batch of bungling indifferent place
keepers that we are to look. We say then to the English
nation, let the cries of barbarity, let the human gore spilt in
savage wars on Africa's deserts rouse you, let the horrors of
Indian infanticide, the idolatry of the funeral pile, the pesti-
lence, starvation, and miseries of the teeming millions of In-
dia, bleeding beneath the delusions of idolatry, animate
you to call upon the Government to do what every principle
of national interest and glory should prompt them to : which
is, to open up a free system of immigration to those coun-
tries, whose inhabitants would thereby so much better their
circumstances and advance British interest.

(From the Jamaica Royal Gazette)
This subject, which to us West Indians is of so much im-
portance, has received the warmest support of one of the
most reqectable British journals, the Liverpool Standard:
In reference to the public meeting lately held in Demerara,
for the purpose of giving expression to the general feeling in
favour of immediate measures being taken for the promotion
of immigration into that colony, the editor of the paper above-
named gives his opinion :—" We heartily rejoice to find that
the respectable colonists have taken this subject in hand in
good earnest. We anticipate the greatest advantages from
the proposed movement on their part, responded to, as that
movement will be, by the mercantile community in Great
Britain. The question must be forced upon the early atten-
tion of parliament, especially after the publication of Lord
Normanby's despatch to Governor Light." On a subject
involving, as it does, the future welfare of all our colonies,
we fearlessly assert that the legislature of Jamaica is bound
to support the application to parliament, and in their memo-
rial show, in the fullest and most evident manner, the effect
of this valuable scheme. - Properly speaking, we have no
manufactories—the capitalists are generally agriculturists—
the failure of agriculture would, therefore, inevitably involve
the failure of. every other interest. It is undeniable, that
" if sugar, cotton, coffee, and other valuable staples be not
raised in the colony, the merchant will get no sale for his
wares, or the artizan for his handicraft." We do hope, how-
ever, by timely and judicious manoeuvering, to render the
well-known conciliatory disposition of the West Indians the
means of inducing the assistance of the dominant party in
Great Britain. We have made the most self-denying sacri-
fices ; it is, therefore, fair to expect, and, what is of greater
consequence, to receive the support of the imperial govern-
ment, towards developing the ample resources of these colo-
nies.
A late Grenada paper states, that a cargo of immigrants
from Switzerland had arrived in Trinidad, amounting to 800,
consisting of agricultural labourers, carpenters, and other
tradesmen. So, the people of Trinidad are alive to their own
interests, as they ought to be,—and why should it not be the
same in Jamaica ? Having immigrants from Europe and
America, flowing as it were, into Trinidad, that colony will
reap a golden harvest, whilst the soil of other Islands will be
as unproductive as the Deserts of Arabia.
What is this Island about, and when will the proprietary
open their eyes to the conviction of truth? Our peasantry
are more inclined to indulge in the bliss of indolence, than to
engage in the labour of industry. But allowing that they are
otherwise, we have notin point of numbers more than enough
for the cultivation of sugar; coffee, cotton, and Pimento.—
COnSequently how can we reasonably talk of the introduction
and management of the morns mull of the cultivation
of the spites'Of the East, and other items of equal value ? To
do more than we are nowdoing, imtnigration, tort proper ex-
tent, must be encouraged and then, and only then, can we
hope fully to " develope the riches of this 'fine Island."—
Let us,emulate.othernountries by zeal, energy, and activity,
and not sleepily think that we can go "onwards," by supine-
ness or indifference.

MONDAY, APRIL 13.—Wind S.E. to S.W. moderate.
ARRIVHD.—Robert Fulton, , from New York ; sailed 19th
March—Paul Frederich, —, from Wismar—Orontes,
from Savanilla.
SAILED.—Ludd, Zoetcheft, for Antwerp—lrlam, Morphew, for
Barbadoes—Margritha, Boomgard, for Groningen—Splendid,
Crocker, for Mobile—Scipio, Greggs, for Newfoundland and Que-
bec—Panthea, Ashby; Pontiac, Parker; St. Mark, Varnum, and
Mayflower, Weeks, for New York—Josephine, Smith, and Intrepid,
Leaper, for Richibucto—Clio, Smith, for Savannah—Rapid, Ma-
thias, for Stettin—Eugene, Perre, and Auguste, Kirkhove, for Os-
tend—Andrew White, Clarke, for Arichat—Jonge Louis, Mulder,
for Rotterdam—Marmora, Barnes, for Constantinople—Sir Walter
Scott, Brass, for Miramichi.

Colonel Howard, Prenton, from Baltimore, at this port On 9th
instant, in lat. 49, long. 17, spoke the Arabian, Welch,from Charles-
ton for Liverpool
Hercules, Marks, from New Orleans, at this port ; left the Bar
10th March. On the Ilth, off the T3rtvgas, spoke the Dorothea,
from Mobile for Liverpool. On 26th, in lat. 42, long. 44, saw a
ship, supposed to be the Diamond, from New Orleans for Liverpool
Malvina, Buckle, from Rio Janeiro, at Motherhank, with damage,
and will proceed to Portsmouth
Mr oleo, April 11.--Tlie Jane, from Bristol for Liverpool, that
was on shbre near Angle Block House, was got off last night,
after discharging her cargo, (part damaged,) and brought into
Hubblestone Pill. The Sarah, Doyle, from Bristol to Liverpool,
was totally wrecked this morning, during a thick fog, on the S.W.
point of Skomar Island : crew saved

LIVERPOOL PROVISION MARKET, APRIL 13.
Three-fourths of the stock of Butter in this market is stale and
quite unsaleable ; what little there is, prime and fresh commands
98s to 100.5 for Kilkennys, Carlows and Belfast. Nothing can be
more favourable than the weather just now, for the growing crops,
and abundant arrivals of new Grass Butter may be daily expected.
Pickled Butter 95s to 965, and dull. Beef and Pork are without al-
teration. Bacon very steady at 48s to 515 for prime long and short
middles.

„ -
There was to-day a larger market of Beasts than last week, and
the trade by no means brisk; the primest Beef sold at 6id to 7d,
second quality 6d, inferior aid; at the close of the day there was
a number of Beasts unsold. The number of Sheep was larger
than last week, prime Wethers in demand at 70 to 7/(1, second
quality 7d to 74d, inferior 6id ; at the close of the day a few of the
latter descriptions were unsold. Beasts, 1030 ; Sheep, 3692.

CES CURRENT.

t.►unxu, cwt. s. d. s. d.
Dutch, crop 70 0 —BO 0
Ombro 30 0 —65 0
Garnene ..... 32 0 —4O 0
Mull 10 0 —3O 0
French, S.F. 42 0 —46 0
S.F.F 48 0 —52 0

TRINIDAD.

IMPORTANT. EXTRACT OF A LETTER FROM TRINIDAD.

DATED 23D JANUARY, 1840.—" We have commenced
crop here, certainly under much more favourable auspices
than we did last season. Last year about 2200 immigrants
of all descriptions arrived in this island; which, thou;-h it
would scarcely be felt in Demeraryl is to us, considering our
small population, au immense relief; of these, two cargoes
were from the States, New York, and Philadelphia, and we
are now in momentary evpectation of a ship from the former
with 300 more. They are an active, intelligent, hard-work-
ing set of people, fond of saving money and acquiring lands.
In general those in our employ do two tasks per day, and af-
terwards work their provision ground. They have at once
commenced the common held work, and from being accus-
tomed to severe labour in America, LAUGH AT THE TASKS,
to which our old people have been accustomed. The pro-
prietary body are treating them liberally, giving them extra
allowances, as they have been used to much better food, than
is customary here."

FOREIGN SUGAR.
(From the Jamaica Royal Gazette.)
Some time ago, when exertion was employed for the pur-
pose of inducing the British Government do do away with
what was considered the "grave of Britons," it was strongly
urged in opposition to all that was advanced, that to do so
would be inconsistent with good faith or with the dictates of
the commonest justice and humanity, and that the great mass
of the individuals who composed the colony are Africans,
liberated by our cruizers from the holds of slave ships.
Allowing, for the sake of argument, this to be true, are not
the claims of the West India Colonies much stronger and
more just than anything which may bear in favour of Sierra
Leone ? Whence were the liberated Africans exported
Were they intended to cultivate the suit of our colonies, or to
toil under the lash of the foreign sugar grower ? No man
possessing the hundredth part of a grain of common
honesty will deny the real fact of the case—that the " liber-
ated" were never shipped for the British Western Isles. If
the continuance of the support of Government be indispen-
sably necessary for bolstering up the African Golgotha, we
say that support is an act of injustice cruelly inflicted on our
West Indies, for having generously aided in accomplishing
the abolition of slavery. Were sugar, the produce of slavery,
excluded from the markets of " free" England and of the
European continent, we would ask, where would slaves be
seen, and where would be the necessity for upholding a
colony notorious for the waste of treasure, and the frightful
mortality of Britons? Unfortunately, legislators, whether
colonial or imperial, will too often indulge, even at the ex-
pense of common sense, in political error—will indulge in a.
dog-sleep injurious, indirectly to themselves, but directly to
the nation at large. We appeal even to the most prejudiced
anti-colonial man (if such there be), whether the removal of
the " protecting duties" is not a positive and substantial
encouragement—aye, a bonus given to the unprincipled and
hellish trader in inhuman blood, bones, and sinews, and to
his no less amiable co-adjutor, the foreign slave-holder ?
Let Britain's Premier, the whole host of lords spiritual and
temporal, with the lower house of the imperial parliament
put their hands on their hearts in the presence of the Deity
and reply in the negative ! If they cannot, why then worry
and annoy their own colonists so perpetually, and in so un-
just a manner ? Why not encourage them by every lawful
means, and with kindness assist in raising the productions
of their islands in value, at least above even the produce of
any foreign colony that may boast of possessing the great
boon of freedom ? In the language of truth we fearlessly
assert that the British nation is as firmly and interminably
pledged, and lies under as serious and solemn an obligation
to this, and her sister colonies, as it is to the payment of his
pension to its wounded and disabled soldier I We say again
it is utterly impossible that such a violation of every just
principle, of every moral obligation, which ought to guide
the conduct of nations as of individuals, can be seriously
contemplated ? Time will show.

THE. REINUEER IN SUMMER.—It is only during winter
that these animals enjoy any comfort, as even moderate cold
is insufficient for their nature. The great heat of the
northern summer subjects them to much pain, and brings
with it their special plague in the form of a gadfly. Lin-
naeus, in his Flora Lapponica, describes the mode in which
this insect tortures the reindeer. About the beginning of
July the latter shed their coats, at which time the hair on
the back is erect. The oestrus flutters the whole day over
the herd, and takes the opportunity of dropping on them an
egg, scarcely the size of a mustard-seed. The state of the
coat at this season favours its admission;_ and, protected by
the heat of the part, a larva is produced that finds its way
into the flesh, and continues there the winter, increasing to
the bulk of an acorn. As the warm weather comes on, it
becomes restive, and worries the poor animals almost to
madness, till it has eaten its way through the skin. Six or
eight of these tormentors, and sometimes even more, fall to
the share of each deer ; the young ones, after their first win-
ter, are most subject to their attacks ; and Linnaeus adds,
that a third or fourth part of the calves fall victims to this
complaint, which is known among the inhabitants by the
ilt as toi
to nne o f
relief the
while
of kurbma. As soon as an oestrus is observed flutter-
ing about, the greatest confusion exhibits itself in the herd ;
they fly from the obnoxious insect, running against the wind,
gnawing,
and driving from them any unfortunate individual who has
received the unlucky windfall. While suffering under the r
of the Laplanders keep near the shores of the Icy Sea during
ithe summer, and only •
under they
water.ey rri s h madlyo
nthisaccount, in tothes
many
andan
feel
return to the interior about Septem-
ber."—To rtnshend's Sporting Excursion' •tn the Rocky
Mountains.

E.5.F... 54 0 -58 0

E.5.F.F.63 0 —7O 0
Spanish 45 0 0
MOLASSES, v cwt.
Trinidad, &c 3Z 0 —34 0
Demerara, &c 34 0 —35 0
Bar & Antigua.. 36 0 —37 0
MUNJEST, cwt 14 0 —l5 0
OIL, Olive, v 252 galls.
Gallipoli
Trieste 59 0 —6O 0
Sicily 58 0 0
Malaga 53 0 —55 0
Portugal; &c 53 0 —l4 0
Levant 54 0 —5B 0
Palm, vt, n 36 0 —36 15
Fish, V 252 galls.
Seal, pale 28 0 —2B 10

brown 24 0 —26 0
Cod 26 0 —26 10
LINSEED 1p• Cul 24 6 —25 0
Rape, pale do. 3B 0 —3B 6
Turpen. Its, cwt 0 0 —57 0
Rim cwt
Carolina, dress. 36 0 —37 0

-in bond 24 0 —25 6
Bengal, ord. do 11 0 —l3 6
mid to fine l4 e —l5 0
African none.
Runt, 9e gallon, in bond.
Jamaica,

12 to 16 o.p 4 6 4 9
stronger 4 10 b 10
choice marks 6 0 6 4
SAFFLOWER, ic.• cwt.
Bengal,

g-ooci & fine e 5 0 7 10
ord. & mid 2 10 4 10
Bombay
SALTPETRE, V Cwt. S. d. S. d
East India 23 0 —2B 6
South American 18 0 —l9 0
SHELL LAC,'p, awl. in bond.
orange 56 0 —95 0
liver and black 36 0 —5O 0
SKINS,

Neutiia,la doz. .. 9 0 —l5 0
Chinchi do. .. 10 0 —25 0
Seal, each
SHUMAC, v. cwt.
Sicily ll 0 —l3 6
Malaga none
Trieste 8 0 8 6
Verona 7 0 7 6
Tyrolese
SUGAR, 9r.) cwt.
B. P. Muscovado

moist brown 5B 6 —59 0
dry brown 6O 0 —63 0
good & mid 65 0 —6B 0
fine &v. fine 69 ti —72 0
Mauritius,
dabs and moist 56 6 —5B 6
brown 6l 0 —64 0
yellow 66 0 —67 6
fine yellow 6B 0 —7O 0
East India, Bengal
ord. white 64 0 —66 0

good and fine.. 6y 6 —7O 6

extra tine 71 0 —72 0
Manilla, in bond 20 0 —23 0
Havana, do.

brown none.
yellow
white ord do.
good tic fine do.
Brazil, in bond.
brown lB 0 —22 0
yellow 22 6 —24 0
white ord. 23 0 —25 0
good and fine 26 0 —2B 0
TALLOW, v cwt.
P'burgh, Y.C. 5l 0 —5l 6
Odessa 50 0 —5O 6
Archangel 4B 6 —49 o
Buenos Ayres 45 0 —4B 6
TAR, brl.
Stockholm l6 0 —l6 6
Archangel
Carolina 13 0 —l4 0
Virginia
TARTAR, cwt.
Cream of Tartar 73 0 —75 0
brown and yel 5O 0 —6B 0
iTEA, 9p, ib. in bond.

Bollia, Canton ——
Fokein
Congou, corn. 2 2 2 3
mid. to fine. 2 4 2 6
Twankay, corn 2 2 2 3
mid. to good 2 4
Pekoe, Orange 2 6 4 0
Campoi,
com. to good none
Hyson Skin 2 0
mid. to fine 2 4 2 6
SOUChOIIg, COM— 2 2 2 3
good to fine 2 6 3 0
Pekoe, flowery
Ilyson, corn.
fine 2 10 4 6
Young Hyson
Imperial
Gunpowder,
good and fine
ToßAcco, 14. lb. in bond.
J. River, Leaf 0 3 0 9
Stemmed 0 5 0 11
Kentucky
Maryland
TURMERIC, 44. cwt in bond.
Bengal 28 0 —33 0
TURPENTINE, 4), Mt.
American
VALONIA, 'A.." ton— e s s
Smyrna, picked l5 0 —23 10
Morea
WAX, BEES' ¶ Mt. in bond.
African
East ludia ..... 6 10 7 15
American 7 10 5 0
