TRAGICAL EVENT AT BARNES.

On Thursday, at twelve r; clock, a coroner's jury assembled
before Mr. Carter, at the Old Red Lim Barnes, to hold an in-
quisition on view of the body of Miss Mary Watt, aged nine-
teen. .

It appeared from the evidence that the deceased was the
daughter of Mr. Watt, the respectable proprietor of Byefield-
house Academy, situate at Barnes, and who had necessarily in
his establishment some persons to superintend his school; one
of them was au usher, a I renchman of the name of Dumas,
and of whom it is reported
.that he intruded his attentions on
the deceased, which were rejected on her part, but which led to
the catastrophe that caused the ueceased's death. On Monday
last, between ten and elexen at night, the deceased retiredto bed, having been playing at chess with her father. She
wished him and her mother "good night," and taking a can-
dle went into her own room, from whence, soon after her en-
trance, the house was alarmed by a fearful scream. Dumas
had previously hid himself behind the door of the room, upon
going into which he started before her, holding out an un-
sheathed razor in his hand. The deceased's screams being
repeated, Mrs. Watt hastened to her daughter's assistance,
whom she found almost frantic with fear, and tremulously ex_
claiming " There's the wretch behind the door, with a razor in
his hand to murder me!" Upon saying tins, she dropped in a
hysterical fit into her mother's arms. By this time Mr. Watt
having arrived, he seized Dumas by the collar, and taking him
down stairs, asked him what he meant by such conduct; but
no explanation was given. Every n.csns Pere 1, 11, oto
sooth the agitation of the deceased, ss ho that night slept with
her mother; previously to which, however, white the servant
was undressing her, she took a draught of eau-de-Cologne for
the purpose of raising her spirits. The servant urged her not
to do so, but the advice was unheeded, and she repeated the
draught shortly after, and went to bed about 11 o'clock. In
two hours after the deceased awoke. and said, " Oh ! mother,
I have had such a frightful dream !" Mrs. Watt kissed her
daughter, and said to her Go to sleep, my dear, and you
will be better." After passing a restless night, from the ap-
pearance of the symptoms on the deceased, between 7 and 8
in the morning, Mr. Scott, the surgeon, of Barnes was sent for,
who immediately attended and used the stomach pump, when
a portion of eau-de Cologne was ejected, but no ingredients of
any poisonous nature. The deceased. relapsed into a state of
stupor, and shortly after died. '1 he body was examined by
Mr. Scott and Mr. Howell, of Wandsworth, in whose opinions
the deceased died from having taken eau-de-Cologne, being at
the time in a state of much excitement.

The jury shortly consulted together, by %Thom (as it appeared
in evidence that the liquid was taken for the purpose of remov-
ing a severe depression of spirits, I,ut which was drunk in too
large a quantity) the following verdict was returned :—" That
the deceased died from having taken inadvertently a consider-
able quantity of eau-de-Cologne, being under a degree of ner-
vous excitement at the time.

TUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 19, 1833,

The accounts from Spain continue to be contradictory,
and involve in great uncertainty the pretensions of the
respective parties. The French government observes the
greatest secrecy with respect to the exclusive information
which they receive by the telegraph. This silence may
be observed for speculative purposes, for it is notorious
that LOUIS PHILIPPE and his respectuble ministers are
huge gamblers in the funds ; but as these persons are all
deeply interested in the events passing in Spain and the
success of the QUEEN'S party, we may infer that the infor-
mation they so carefully conceal is adverse to their wishes.
Where Don CARLOS is no one seems to know.

Since our last publication we have received, by various
arrivals from the West Indies, files ofpapers from Jamaica
to the 3d, from St. Kitt's to the sth, and from Demerara
to the 13th of October. At those respective periods the
fact of the slavery abolition bill having passed the Lords
had become known in each of those colonies; and at De-
merara the royal assent to the bill, and the prorogation
of Parliament, were also announced. As was to be ex-
pected, the question had been received by different parties
with very different feelings, and on various grounds.—
The organs of government, so far as they spoke of it at
all, had eulogised it as an act of unbounded wisdom. The
independent portion of the community viewed it in ano-
ther and less enenurciging u.or. In the St. Christopher
Gazette of the 4th October, we find the proceedings of
the legislature of that island on the preceding day. The
resolutions passed by the House of Assembly are of too
important a character to be slightly passed over; we,
therefore, gi -e them at length in another part of our paper.
In Demerara the impression existed that the sum voted
by Parliament, as an indemnity to the planters, would be
speedily divided, on the compound ratio principle of num-
bers of negroes multiplied into value of exports. We fear
their anticipations on this head will be met by disappoint
ment, both as to time and amount. Sir James CARMI-
CHAEL SMYTH, Governor of Demerara, issued a procla-
mation, on the 2d Oct., addressed to the slave population,
upon which we will not make any extended comment. If
we were to do so, we fear a sense of justice would compel
us to denounce it as a document in which the small modi-
cum of wisdom that it may perchance contain is over-
whelmed by indiscretion of language of no ordinary cha •
racter. The pressure of matter, of local and momentary
interest, compels us to omit its publication.
At the date of the last papers from Jamaica, the packet
had only just arrived with the account of the bill having
passed the Lords. There had, consequently, been no time
to discuss its merits in the shape in which it waa to be-
come law; but the indications were clear and intelligible
of the mischievous results likely to flow from the dimi-
nished term of service, and the ridiculous distinctions into
priedial and non-prmdial classes; all which changes tend
to augment the disappointment of the planters, and must,
in practice, lead to great confusion and discontent.

Since the foregoing was written, we have received_ ad-
vices and papers from Antigua ; which, if not as late as
those from the colonies above mentioned, and not, on
that account, acknowledging the receipt of intelligence
announcing the passing of the Bill, are still of consider•
able importance, as indicating the state of feeling among
the planters with respect to the measures recently before
Parliament. The Weekly Register of the 24th'Septern-
ber contains the details of a meeting held in the town
of St. John on the 11th of that month ; at which it was
resolved, "that a period of apprenticeship, as proposed by
Mr. STANLEY in his Bill now before Parliament, would
be one of most auxionsirritnticuen ell.narties...landir4f
to the moral degradation of the negro, and the grievous
oppression of the present slave.owner ; and that any pro-
portion of compensation which might be allotted, would
be rendered abortive by the expensive and complicated
machinery of commissioners, &c. for its distribution."
A subsequent resolution declares the willingness of the
meeting "to accede to the entire and unconditional
emancipation of their slaves, and to use every influence
in forwarding the passing of such Acts by the Colonial
Legislature as may be requisite to provide for the con-
sequent change of circumstances, upon there being
vested in Government securities, for their use, the sum
of thirty pounds sterling, per negro, and upon an ex-
emption to this island from the payment of the 41 per
cent. duty." Of course both these resolutions are ren-
dered nugatory by the final acts of.the Legislature at
home. They are, however, deserving of notice, as prov.
ing the conviction of the Antigua proprietors, that the
plan will not work well in the first place; and, in the
second place, marking their• apprehension, as natural as
it is well-founded, that the awarded compensation is
likely to be greatly diminishedin amount by the com-
plicated machinery necessary for its distribution ; and
that the adjustment of the interests involved will be a
work of extreme difficulty, if not of impossibility ; and
will, at all events, he attended in many cases with ruin-
ous delay, and irreparable injury to the parties concerned.

There must be some unknown, and therefore unexpect-
ed comet, much nearer this old earth of ours than astro-
nomers have any notion of—some minister of confusion
in the voids of space—some broken-down and excommu-
nicated star, sent adrift like an intoxicated Whig from a
temperanc e society, and reeling along in our wake, or
athwart our course, sending forth a noxious vapour which
has a morbific effect upon the mental and physical powers
of a large portion of our population. This is a postulate
which we should like to see handled by one or other of
the learned authors of the D-idgewater Treatises. We

THE LIVERPC)OI. STANDAIta

assu►ne it on the ground
.that it is impossible to account
for the madness which prevails in any other way. What
but some extraordinary convulsion, or mysterious de-
rangement in the system of nature, could have produced
such comical, but at the smile time melancholy, effects
upon the tailors of Paris They have struck work, and
declared war against that portion of their fellow-citizens
who have hitherto been their employers, and whom an in-
solent and ignorant world has styled their " masters."
They have hoisted the goose, as PETER PARKER did the
red flag in the'rnutiny of the More, and they have nailed
the scissors to the board !

Under these circumstances the eyes of all Europe are
fixed upon the tailors of Paris. They have published a
declaration of rights, in which they demand-Ist, that
they shall be allowed two hours per diem, in the middle
of the day, to read the newspapers and discuss the affairs
of nations ;--2dly, that they be permitted to smoke
an unlimited number of cigars in their workshops, and
during the hours of labour ;—and 3dly, they insist that
no employer, hitherto called "master," shall be allowed
to enter any such workshop without first knocking re-
spectfully at the door thereof, and standing uncovered in
their presence. The working jewellers of Paris have
also struck for a diminution of labour, and have demand-
ed a charter ! What has taken place nearer home among
the same orders of Men is known to all our readers. The
Journeymen plasterers, painters, and bricklayers lately de-
manded, like the King's commissioners, a perusal of all
contracts. The hatters of London claim the new privi-
lege of spoiling as many beavers as they please with im-
punity. Some oyster-mongers in this country have re-
cently concocted measures to prevent all persons from
cheating the public who do not belong to their order ; the
tinkers of Birmingham have declared themselves the sole
authors of wealth ; and to complete the climax, the re-
fortners of Glasgow, and the successors of BAILIE NICOL
.411%1E, have proclaimed perpetual enmity against three-
cornered hats!

The comet has, therefore, much to answer for, it be-
ing unreasonable to assume that the schoolmaster alone
is responsible for such folly.
But the tailors of Paris, the plasterers of Liverpool,
the hatters of London, and the tinkers of Birmingham,
are fairly eclipsed by another prophet who has appeared,
and who styles himself a JOURNEYMAN BOOTMAKER.
This man of leather certainly soars above the rest of his
compatriots. He has written a book, which is entitled
an "address to'the members of trade unions and to the
working classes generally, being an exposition of the
relative situation, condition, and future prospects of
working people in England, Scotland, and Ireland.'
The "Bootrnaker" disdains to walk in the humbler path
of faction with Lord FITZWILLIAM and Mr. WILLIAM
BROUGHAM. He does not slay the slain, as the news-
papers are doing in the case of the assessed taxes. lie
does not poach upon the outskirts and by-ways of the
political domain, but enters the manor house at once,
claims his right to a slice of the baron of beef, a seat at
my lord's table, a share of his burgundy and Tokay,
and an equitable proportion of his rents!
We admire this fellow vastly ! There is no cant, spe-
cial pleading or hypocrisy about him. He asks nothing
on the score of benevolence. He does not make beg-
ging a cover for stealing. He does not place his hat on
the middle of the KING'S highway, like a Spanish robber,
and stand at a respectful distance with a long loaded rifle
pointed at the traveller as he passes by. No. He takes
higher ground, and contends that as the source of wealth
is labour, the rent of land and houses belongs in natu-
ral equity to the labourer. On the part of the opera-
tive mechanics, of whom journeymen bootmakers are
presumed to stand the highest in the scale of art and
utility, he first asserts their right to a participation in the
profits of merchants, manufacturers and capitalists gene-
rally—next in the salaries of judges and official persons,
then in the incomes of clergymen, preachers, teachers,
and distributors of useful knowledge—in short, he claims
for these artizans, the authors of all wealth, a right to
a share of the profits of even shopkeepers and retail
dealers, and of persons " of every description who accu-
mulate wealth." After this he commences a most formi-
dable assault upon landowners and fundholders. His
principles of justice, although not quite original, are
nevertheless so elaborate and ingenious, that we are
tempted to give them in his own words :
" Next comes the independent class, commonly denominated
ladies and gentlemen. The means of accumulation which these
possess arc commonly derived from rents and interest on money.
Like all other non-productive classes, they are, notwithstand-
ing their title, dependent solely upon human labour for every
article of wealth they enjoy or possess. Of course, the only
natural method by which they could become possessed of wealth
would be to go to work and make it; but they tell us they are
enabled to live upu the income of their rents and the interest
of their money. Now we who produce everything have a right,
I think, to examine these sources -of their enjoyment. Let us
first notice the income derived from rents.

"The nature of rent is two•fold ; that which is obtained for
the use of land, and that which is obtained for the use of houses.
The absurdity and injustice of the former is so completely ex-
posed by Mr. Gray, in his ' Essay on Happiness,' that I would
rather refer the reader to that information than attempt an il-
lustration of it myself. On strict .examination, however, I
think it must apiwar avidotzt to ovary ono not ;,.torc.ied in fa-
vour of falsehood, that every human being who is excluded by
any of his fellows from an equal participation in the proprietor-
ship of land, is sobbed of his natural inheritance; and that birth-
right to an equal use and possession of the earths which the
Creator has besto..ved upon hint in common with all others,
though it may be leya!ly, is nevertheless forcibly and unjustly
oetoined from his use and enjoyment ! But I shall proceed to
notice the income of rent from houses.

"Although it will be found upon investigation that there is
no foundation either in nature or Justice for individual or exclusive
proprietorship in land, nor thereibre fur demanding rent for the
me of it; ya I think it will appear plain to every one accus-
tomed to reflection, that property upon land, produced there
by labour, must in justice belong to the individual whose labour
has produced it, and, consequently, that such individual has a
right arising out of and based upon 1113 LA noun, to require
from any other individual using and enjoying that property, a
compensat►on equivalent in value to the quantity of labour which
such use or enjoyment consumes or demolishes. This is a
principle of equity, and it is upon this alone that any just sys-
tem of rents can be established.

"Now then, in relation to the class under consideration,
passing over the question, whether by their labour they actually
created the property of which they claim to be the proprietors ;
and admitting for argument sake the justice of their claim, let
us inquire for a moment into tke nature and tendency of that
system of rents, through which, under the present institutions
of society, they are enabled to accumulate.
" We will suppose an individual to be the proprietor of a
number of dwellings, say ten, and £3OO, the original cost of
each dwelling. Now, admitting the proprietor to receive, in
the form of rent, what is customary in London for such dwel-
lings, that is about fifteen pounds per annum for each; he will
in twenty years have received the whole amount of their origi-
nal cost. But we may suppose that during a term of fifteen
years from the commencement, the taxes on the said dwellings,
together with the cost of wear and tear naturally arising from
use, and the compensation justly required by the proprietor for
services rendered as an agent in superintending these matters,
will amount to a farther sum of £l5O on each dwelling. This
will make the entire cost of each equivalent only to the amount
of rent received during the term of thirty yea?-s. Yet, at the
end of this term, the said proprietor, after having received
from his hard-working tenants the whole original cost of the
dwellings, together with all the subsequent expenses attendant
on them ; besides having been amply remunerated for his own
labour as an agent in superintending, still claims, and lejally,
ton, but not justly, to be the proprietor; while he and his suc-
cessors possess a legal privilege to accumulate for ever after,
from the occupants of these dwellings, the usual quantity of
wealth or its representative to the amount of £l5O yearly ! It
matters not, therefore, whether we speak of reut from land or
horn houses, the true principle of equity, that is, labour Jim la-
bour, is entirely lost sight of; aud the whole system being re-
moved from this foundation, is nothiv more than a system of
leyalize4.fraud and oppression, which will 'live and flourish' till
the working classes begin generally to perceive its enormity
and injustice, and then it must wither and die.' "

Gentlemen of the penny magazines. and advocates of
cheap instruction, these, are your works! This Journey-
man Bootmaker is a "teacher and preacher" among the
people, and his ideas of meum and tuum are well, suited
to the condition and desires of those_
amid the It reek of nations and the spoils of
property, might gain something but could lose nothing.
It is easy for any rogue to devise a theory, the practical
enforcement of which would be for his own private ad-
vantage. The Bootmaker does not inculcate the expe-
dieney of resorting to the highway and robbing coach
passengers .of their money. That is the old way of ac-
quiring wealth; but its antiquity is against its adoption
in modern practice. A more moral scheme of robbe!y is
projected, in which the appropriation of the goods and
chattels of our richer neighbours to the uses of the idle,
tile dissolute, and the unprincipled, is reconciled to the
beautiful maxims of liberalism and patriotism. If this
scheme of plunder is to be carried into execution, we trust
that the assessors will begin with the property of the Whigs
in the first instance, and first of all with the patrons of the
Penny Magazine. It is but reasonable that those who
set the example of fraud and pilfering should be made the
initiatory sacrifice to their own principles. We hope that
the Journeyman Bootmaker- will bear this in mind !

•
Reader, picture to yourself the large room of the
Crown and Anchor tavern, in London, in the days of
Whig opposition, when the hated tories were in power—
fancy that you see this room crammed full of flaming pa-
triots, old BURDETT in the chair, wine sparkling upon the
double row of tables, oratory here, froth there, port before
the dons, and porter before the negroes—and fancy.
moreover, that you see a tawney-fooking jesuit in a black
coat,, and with downcast eyes, standing upon the cross
table, and that you hear him, in a cracked voice, propose
the following toast :—" The liberty of the press ; it is
like the air we breathe, if we have it not we die I" This
is, of course, followed by " tremendous cheers," after
which Mr. JAMES PERRY, of the Morning Chronicle,
returns thinks in " gude braid Scotch."
Now change the scene, and contemplate the fine spec-
tacle of the hated tories out, and the beloved Whigs in
office ! Old BURDETT is forgotten, there are no brilli-
ant assemblies of the majesty of•the people, the pewter
pot is empty, the eloquent orator is dumb, the glory bath
departed from the Crown and Anchor tavern, and JAMES
PERRY, in his cerements, alas ! that it should he so,
walks the Strand, a silent and moody ghost amid the
" discontented spirits" of London. He, however, who in
those days toasted the press, and held its liberty to be as
valuable as the air he breathed, still lives, a " prosperous
gentleman," translated into a noble earl," holding in
high disdain the professed principles of the opposition

Whigs: Where do we find him now ? In the Court of
King's Bench, speaking by the mouth of his MAJESTY'S
Solicitor•general, and instituting no less than three cri-
minal prosecutions, under the sanction of laws which
he has repeatedly condemned, against that press which he
formerly delighted to honour!
This-is a true picture of a genuine Whig taken at two
distinct periods, the first when he was a star among the
political mountebanks of the day, and the second when
he stands before us a father-in-law-made earl, an ex-
member of the cabinet, who, with his family, has made
the tour of Europa at the expense of th.i nation, and who,
at the present writing, is an expectant of office and of ad-
ditional emoluments. What would old GEO. TIERNEY
say, if he were alive ? Shade of RICHARD BRINSLEY
SHERIDAN ! what a pity thou art. not amongst us, in
mortal clay, to write some new comedy in honour of
JOHN GEORGE LAMBTON, now Earl of DURHAM !
It is the fact that this illustrious nobleman, who once
took the press under his special patronage, who has
availed himself of its influence as much as any other man,
who has long indulged in bitter and personal invectives
in his place in Parliament, who, on a recent occasion,
attacked the Bishop of EXETER in a way which no noble-
man of less personal courage than Lord DURHAM would
have dared to do towards a gentleman ; and yet, with all
these frailties to answer for, we find that the noble lord
has commenced prosecutions for an alleged libel against
the Durham Advertiser, the Standard, of London, and
the John Bull. The alleged libel originally appeared in
the Durham paper, so that the other papers -ate mere
extractors of the offensive article. This procedure against
the extractor is another admirable illustration of what the
Whigs mean by the " liberty of the press."
The Durham Advertiser has accused, falsely we hare
no doubt, and upon the faith of preconcerted misrepre-
sentation we strongly suspect, the lord of Durham of
having threatened the demolition of a village, on the
ground of vexatious interruptions of his lordship by the
inhabitants. It is clear enough that the Advertiser
has been imposed upon, and there are many reasons for
surmising that the imposition has been practised as a
trap. Lord DURHAM is, of course, exempted from all sus-
picion. Meanly as we think of him, we say it in perfect
candour, that we do not believe him capable of resorting
to any such paltry and disgraceful stratagem. But while
we freely acquit his lordship, we are ndt equally bound
to exempt from suspicion every vile person who surrounds
him, or every shabby and needy Whig attorney in that
part. of England.
We infer that the conductor of the Advertiser hasbeen
imposed upon, because we take for granted that no man
connected with the press, and responsible for its errors,
would willingly give circulation to a libellous statement.
It is in the power of any scoundrel to impose upon the
press, and expose its conductors. ta serious injury, if not
total ruin, and that such scoundrels abound is too true.
Judges, who in general are not men of the world, are in
the habit of ruling, that carelessness on the part of
an editor in admitting into his paper charges of an un-
founded nature, is as great an offence as if he were the
author of the libellous paragraph. But judges who talk
in this way know nothing of our business. It is fre-
quently impossible to guard against imposition. It is
equally impossible to decide what is true and what is
otherwise. The conductors of, newspapers are obliged
to.cater for news, aye for gossip, for affairs of love and
murder, and for other passing accidents by flood and
field ; and in the pursuit of these, which most readers are
ever anxious to see, it is impossible but that some mis-
takes should occur, some errors creep in, some unfounded
misrepresentations take place.
Newspapers are held responsible for every word spo-
ken in jest, and for every unintentional mistake, or con-
strued grievance. Lawyers are always to be found who
trade upon these errors, and make a living of inadvert-
ent slips of the pen, or by fraudulent inventions con-
cocted and furnished by unknown, but in all probability,
interested persons. Why should this be ? What would
Lord DURHAM himself say, if lie were held responsible
for every idle word spoken at a Whig feast, when the
wine is in and the wit out ? Has he always been of that
smooth speech which means nothing, and inflicts no
pain? A mighty change has taken place on this sub-
ject in public opinion, and we are surprised that Lord
DURHAM should be unconscious of it. The public have
an idea that he who is the readiest to rush into court,
on all occasions, is not the most innocent of mankind.
POPE says, that he cannot be called a great man, who
would not subimt to be buried in a winding-sheet
formed of the libels written against him, and Mr. Jo-
SEPH HUME is of the same opinion. What man has
been lampooned by the press more incessantly, or with
more severity than Mr. HUME, and yet he has never in-
stituted a single prosecution against the 7'imst or any
other of his assailants. Lord DURHAM, without lower-
ing his. dignity, might take a lesson from the honoura-
ble member for Middlesex. He may depend upon it -
that the lord or commoner whose simple contradiction of
a newspaper paragraph is noebelieved, will not gain any
renown or appear more innocent by a successful crimi•
nalyrovcation.

• - •
But while these legal proceedings are going on, pro-
ceedings of a very different description have occurred at
Newcastle-upon-Tyne, in which the name of Lord Dt7a-
tam is made still more conspicuous. The Durham Ad-
vertiser it seems is not the only offender in the north.
The Newcastle Journal has invoked upon the head of its
proprietor a few illustrations, with cuts, of the bludgeon
system. We dare hardly trust ourselves with any com-
ments upon this lastarJly proceeding, and shall, there-
fore, allow the Newcastle Journal to tell its own story :

"In the exercise of our vocation as printers, we printed a
squib, which, so far as we can comprehend it, is intended to ap-
ply to the Sunderland gathering and to raise a smile. We
scarcely need ray that the MS. and the order to print came in
the customary way, and that the work was executed without a
wish to injure any persons or patties, and was, indeed, merely
one of those paper pellets which are commonly tired off when
party feeling is up. It would he an insult to common sense to
say that as a transgression of the pounds of decorem it is at all
comparable to the language employed at this very dinner with
reference to individuals who were not present, Personally, in
short, the editor of the journal had no more to do with it than
Lord Durham has to do with true dignity, or my Lord Grey
with disinterestedness or patriotism.
"On Wednesday morning, however, the Journal-office was
invaded by some half-score of ruffianly persons, armed with
whips, sticks, Sze., at the head of whom we recognised Mr.
John Coul Carr, Lord Durham's coal agent; Mr. J. P. Kid-
son, Lord Durham's solicitor; Mr. Jonassohn, a llamburgh
Jew, resident, we believe, at Sunderland ; a man-servant at
the Earl of Durham's coal-fitting office; a person of the name
of Galley; and others, evidently hired and got together for the
purpose of committing a vulgar breach of the peace.
"These redoubled champions of the new order of things de-
manded the name of the author of the handbill adverted to ; a
demand which we necessarily but calmly refused to comply
with, for we are not the habit of betraying our friends at
the call of our enemies). We intimated to these physical-force-
men, that if any breach of law hail been committed they knew
their remedy, but that we never yielded at word of command.
"'Phis was the signal for the execution of a preconcerted pur-
pose. The magnaniamns half-score, with suck and whip, fell
upon the proprietor of this journal, and perpetrated an assault,
the result of which is considerable personal injury on one side,
but everlasting disgrace on the other; for a more cowardly
proceeding has, perhaps, never taken place, considering that
the leaders in the affair were the legal and business agents
of a nobleman who preaches forbearance and love of order.
It so happens that there was a witness of the whole transaction.
No retaliation was attempted. Indeed, the outrage Was- com-
mitted under circumstances which tendered resistance imprac-
ticable ; and the ruffians retired as soon as they had wreaked
what, we suppose, they consider their vengeance."
Can all this he true? If the Newcastle Journal were
not a most respectably conducted paper we should hesi-
tate in giving currency to an outrage so disgraceful to
the English• character. Is this what the whip- call the
liberty of the press ? Is this the " air we breathe," with-
out which we die It appears to us that the less of this
" air" the better, if we Wish _ t.n is'va esveh- attacks
should become common, and if the patrons of thenliberty
of the press" have determined to resort. to the bludgeon
in the dissemination of their principles, it will he neces-
sary fur the conductors of newspapers to carry fire arms.
But the affair cannot end here.

Mr. SHEPHERD appears resolved to have the last word,
and as his twaddle does not merit the name of controver-
sy, we have no objection that it should be so. He con-
cedes that he has no claim to the title of " reVerend," in
n hich opinion we have no doubt that the public will rea-:
dilv concur. He is content, he says, to he designated a
" teacher and preacher," and would Open a letter so ad-
dressed, " especially if it contained a good remittance."
Boatswain SMITH could not be more modest, and he is
also a "teacher and preacher"—we think the-more useful
one of the two! We know not what Mr. SHEPHERD calls
a "good remittance," but it is clear that he has his price.
We have no employment for him at present, but would
recommend him to apply to Lord BRouoirAm's friend,
Mr. JosEPH PARKEs, of the Birmingham union. He is
pleased to insinuate that, we have yet to learn the diTer-
ence between "politics and statistics." We pretend to no
learning on the subject of definitions ; hut, as: one of the
agents of the Penny Magazine, does Mr. SHEPHERD know
the difference between appropriation and theft ? If he
have any misgivings on this point, Mr. Commissioner
RUSHTON', we presume, would favour him with an opinion
upon receiving a "good remittance." •

TUE FORTHCOMING CoNCMP.T.S.—To-morrow night that sweet
little vocalist, Miss Johnson, intends giving a concert at the
Adelphi, to bid her friends an adieu preparatory to her leav-
ing Liverpool. The farewell part of the business "we like
nut," notwithstanding our anticipation of being mightily
pleased with her music—because " we like not" ihe idea of
parting with an accomplished singer like Miss Johnson. We
are ignorant of the soil that she is going to he transplanted
into, but we hope that it will prove favourable to the growth of
her interests in every respect.
The concert, we have just adverted to will be followed by
another on the following night, (Thursday,) at the Liver
Theatre, for the benefit of Mr. George Eyton, who will be
assisted on the occasion by the strength of the Liverpool
Musical corps. He has our best wishes for the success of his
enterprise.

While on the subject of music we may as well notice ano-
ther entertainment, announcedfor this day week, (Tuesday,) the
26th instant, at the Adelphi Hotel, by Signors Volpe and Mal-
garini. Report speaks highly of their professional talents ;-
the selections will ha from the works of Rossini, Cimarosa,
Passiello' Moretti, Volpe, and Malgarini, One of the pieces
will be a Fantaeia oa the guitar. 117 those gengePell•
