THE STANDARD_ANJWIP3-CONTEMPOITARIES.

The Liverpool journals have, duriri4. the past week, had
their full awing in persotialities, and as.ninch 'as possible at our
expense. Unable to defend the conduct of Ms. EwART, or
whitewash the character of Mr. Wm. Itarnapxft, they have
honoured us with theinabuse, and have descended to the mean-
ness of attacking a-gentleman by name, who 'is. siipPosed to be
connected with this paper, but who is not inthe' slightest de-
gree mixed up with our provincial politics. They must be des-
perate indeed, and sore beyond expreSsiOn, when they have re-
course to such gratuitous malice as this,:the. gratification of
which neither trenches upon our arginneuts, nor invalidates
the accusations we have brought against their patrons, and
have fully substantiated by evidence.
They are, however, quite welcome to indulge to their hearts'
content in such spite. Dr. JOHNSON used to say, "that the
ball must have struck with force or it would not rebound," and
so say we. The party trust be hard pressed ar they' would not
leave Mr. RATHBONE sprawling in the mire, and utterly help-
less, in order to peck at other game. We have never waged
war upon any of our Contemporaries, simply because we have had
higher duties to perform. We are not aware that we have named
any one of them more than once or twice, and that only when it
was impossible to, avoid it. They may"take our word for it,
that if we felt diAposed to recriminate—and who knows how
soon it will be necessary to do so—we could exhibit the con-
duct of the parties connected with the Whig press of Liverpool
in such a light, whether as tradesmen, as• empiries, as the
collectors of charitable donations dishonestly misapplied, as
literary impostors, or as the publishers of periodical rubbish
stolen from books, and palmed upon the world as original—
in fact we could make them the ridicule and the scorn of that
very public
whom they pretend to instruct. We have no de-
sire to use our weapons unmercifully, and an attack upon a
private individual is a sort of warfare in which we trust we
shall never be compelled to engage. If, however, we hear any
more of these personalities, it may for once be our duty to
depart from the strict rule we have laid down, and apply the
knout to our adversaries in a way which they would recollect
during the remainder of their lives.

By the way, we are reminded that a serious offence has been
committed against an elderly hack of the faction, by the in-
sertion in the STAN9.ARD of a few lines relative to the "plea-
sures of the bath.". How dull, and yet how thin-skinned mutt
the dotard be! Ile is the most literal scribe we ever encour-
tered. He has taken some two or three mortal columns to
vindicate himself against a joke! Our story about the "float-
ing tub," and the "red eyes," and, the "bladders," and all that,
was merely a bit of fun; and yet he has, in spite of his daily
ablutions, been in a fever about it for the last fortnight. All
that was intended was meant as a satire upon his own unmea-
sured, inimitable, bnt at the same time insufferable puffs. We
were desirous of patronising the "splendid ornament," but
could not, for the soul of us, swallow such vile praise and
execrable puffing. If the concern be in the hands of respect-
able persons, all we say is, God defend them from their friends!
The bad taste of eternally extolling its merits, of toasting and
watering it on all occasions, was enough to convince the world
that the puffer was the proprietor, and that be was drawing
largely upon public opinion for his own narrow purposes. If
he be not the proprietor, the sooner he is induced to remain
silent the better for the owner or owners. Such puffing would
sink a seventy-four, far less the sort of barge to which we
allude. We say this in perfect sincerity, and from the best of
motives; no gentleman can be expected to patronise such a
place so long as Mercury is master of the ceremonies on board,
and its town-crier in the streets.

W. EWART, ESQ.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL JOUR-VAL.

Sta,—Mr. Rathbone has requested me to deny the insinua-
tions made by Mr. S. Holmes and Mr. 'l'. B. Hors%ll, as to my
brother's communications with the parties who were active in
the Liverpool disfranchising committee in Lonelon. I+l3 brother
was always glad to see several of them as his friends, but he did
not co-operate with them as parties in this business.
I have the honour to be, sir, your obedient servant,
JOHN EWART.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STAVD4RD.
SlR,—The above letter appeared in the Journal of Saturday.
Mr. John Ewart, befbre he undertook, at the request of Mr.
Rathbone, to deny anythi:lg which he represents as having oc-
curred at a meeting where neither Mr. Rathbone nor himself
was present, might have taken the trouble to ascertain how far
theinformation he had received was correct. It is not true that
I made any insinuation on the subject to which Mr. Ewart's
letter refers. What I stated was a fact; a fact which he has
not denied, and which I now repeat—" That when the rights,
the privileges, and the very existence of the freemen, as free-
men, were endangered, Mr. Ewart, instead of standing forward
to defend them, was in constant communication with Mr. Har-
vey, Mr. Rathbone, and Mr. O'Connell."
From this fact, which took place during the debate in the
house, the freemen are quite capable of drawing their own con-
clusions, without the help of either Mr. Rathbone or Mr. Ew-
art.-1 am, sir, your most obedient servant,
August 12, 1833. THOMAS B. HORSFALL.

96 THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.
-.........r.......r.....".""mi1a,—...--LI -- -- ---.--
. grpbe tit ott'o Oorntr. . . LONDON POLICE REPORT. g"Dipping EntettigencE. , jillarktto.
---..—.
mAlslaoN-HOUSE,
.
. tlit WATER, LILY. Mr, Vaughan, an elderly gentleman, was charged before the FRIDAY, 9th August.—Noon, Wind N.N.W.—Fair. - LIVERPOOL - COLONIAL MARKET. AUGUST R.
- 1 L.:A Aiayor under the following circumstances : ARRIVED:—Mary Ford, Lamb, from St Andrew, (sailed 11th July) ,••
;Carnation, Shepherd, St Petersbura —Diligenti• ()kens Bremen, St GAR.—There has been a very animated demand this week. with
. ,
Oh I beautiful the tt art, • Hannah Burlenson, a young woman of respectable appearance
Ludolf Theodorus, Zyl, Amsteruam.h - a'
B '
•only a limited supply in the market, and prices of all descriptions
Matilda, Powditch, from Lima, off Cork, sailed 20th April ; ex- have in consequence advanced 23. e 35. 4- cstt.; the sales are 950 casks
• Then sculptured-like and stately River-Queen I and modest deportment, stated that on the preceding night, as
Crowning the depths, as with the light serene she was passing. along. the street at a little after ten o'clock, the perienced easterly winds for three weeks ' B.P. and 330 bags Mauritius at the quotations, and 100 bags white-
•
defendant pulled her by the sleeve. She turned away from him, Countess of Airlie, Archibald, from St Domingo, for Antwerp, off Of a pure heart.
not having acquaintance with nor being desirous of knowing ' Falmouth, 7th August. Bengal, at 645. 6d. (1, cwt. Of 120 cases Brazil offered by auction,
Bright Lily of the wave! him, upon which he struck her into the middle of the street, and Ageneoria, Whiteway, from Newfoundland, for-this port, off-Cork, only a small lot of brown Bahia sold at 245., the remainder being
_Alf! d, Slate Martin) hence, for Africa, at Cork, sth August. Rising in fearless grace with every swell. when she stociPed to pick up her bonnet gave her another blow.
Union,- winholdt, hence, at Danzig. taken in much above 'present rates.—The state of the Sugar-market
Thou seem'st as if a spirit meekly brave :She had, she said, been to see her brother at Stepney, and was Lilburn, Laing, hence, at Elsinore. • ,
has had its natural effect on MOLASSES, of which upwards of 1,800
• Dwelt in thy cell : returning home, when she was assaulted by the defendant, whose Atalanta, Grinwald, hence, at do. ' ,
puns, hare changed hands during the week, at 265. for Grenada, 21s•
Motive in pulling her sleeve she did not know. She did not Earl of Erroll, Ritchie, hence, at do.
Lifting alike thy head 3d. 6 275. for Demerara, 28s. for Antigua, and at the extravagant
think, however, that the motive was a very good one. She had Agnes Primrose, Johnstone, hence, at do.
Of placid beauty, feminine yet free.
,lived in the service of Mr. Keate, of Albemarle-street, but was Kangaroo, Rees, hence, at do. . price of 31s. fur a cargo of Barbadoes to arrive, this latter being
A brig, supposed to be the Elizabeth, Jones, for Beaumaris, ran generally of very fine quality, and in great favor with the trade.—
Whether with foam or pictured azure spread now not in service, and there were respectable persons present aground near the Burbo Sands. but got ff, and proceeded with' the
- - "The waters be. 'to
'prove that her character was good. evening tide. Co/FEL—There has been more demand for Plantation, but the trans-
What is like thee, fair flower, fhe young woman's character was at once proved to be un- William Hamley, Sutherland, hence, at Bahia. actions are confined to 140 casks of Jamaiea offered by auction, and
impeachable. Two young men (painters), strangers to both Ann Paley, for Lisbon, passed Point Lynas, at 12 noon. . which sold readily, and in most instances at a slight improvement The reale and the erns ! thus bearicg up
for Rio Janeiro, Monongahela, for Philadelphia, and
parties, stated that they saw the defendant strike the complain- UriiioAiteviedypt:,l'and in Foreign there has not been a sale.—ln Cocoa there are no
To the blue sky that alabaster Cup, Stites, New York,
sales to report.-35- tons Bengal GINGER have been sold at 30s. 6d. per
r Fo'ster, Boston. Williams,lslsoell Holyhead r
Arlo the shower ? • ' ant twice, and that they had seen no provocation given by ber.
General ricli,e, orN4eowallnork—Choctaw,
The Lord Mayon—Mr. Vaughan, 1 know you to be a re-
ewt.,l,loo bags black Parana, at4sd. 6 40,, at;(i 1,000 bags PIMENTO
Oh! Love is most like thee, spectable man—how did this circumstance occur ? • ..... .
• SATURDAY, 10th August.—Noon, Wind N.N.W.—Fair. at 51d• 6 31d. ap lb.—RicE is in limited request ; the sales are 100 bags
The love of woman ; -quivering to the blast ' Defendant.--I overtook this young woman in the street and
b Queec. • .
Tisrertigh every nerve, yet rooted deep and fast, thought I knew her,. and plucked her by the sleeve certainly. ARRIVED :—Perseus, —, from Pugwash—Gregory Bogosloff, of ordinary East India, at 14s 3(1. in bond, and a feW tees. good Caro.'
'Midst life's dark sea
Moller. St Petersburgh—Lotus, Tooker, St Andrew—Promiae, Shear- has, at 18s. 6d. V cwt.—Thete has been a good demand for Run at
• .
The moment I did so she up with her fist and struck me right
on the mouth and nose. •Mis nose began to bleed most vio- er,
extreme rates, and about 320 puns., chiefly Jamaica, have been dis-
• And Faith—oh !is not Faith lently ; and as for my mouth, she knocked a tooth clear out— N Liverpool, ha
cipuoaselidtieosf:alt93spel.rde. eent3.so. iPod..at '2s. Bd. 6 2s. Od.. and fine and choice
Oa thee, too, Lily 2 springing into light. I then gave her a slap' hi the face with my open hand, but I shore
s_nene , on Tues&ay eveatag,. in tow o_i. a steam boat, ran on
h got otra apparently uninjured, and proceedecL
Still buoyantly, above the billows' might, never hurt her; but when I found that my tooth was gone I Richard, Christians, from Dunkirk, for this port, which was on There has been some inquiry for larntoo since the public sales, but
Through the storm's breath ?
felt indignant.: I assure your, Lordship 1 took.no liberty with shord near Calais, was got offand taken into Dunkirk, 28th July, and
- '
the girl.- - was ready to proceed Ist August, scarcely any thing is offering in this market,—About 10 tons of Bengal
Yes, link'd with such high thoughts!,
The Lord Mayor.—No, Sir, she took care that you should Lotus', --, from St Andrew, for this port, was Off Tuskar, 4th TURMERIC have been disposed of at 16s. and 17s. W cwt., in bond,
Flower, let thine image in ell- bosom lie t not ; and if the tooth was unsound she saved you the expense August., and 9 chests rough CAMPHOR, at £6 clf,' cwt.—The sales in SALTPETRE
• Till something there of its own purity of a tooth-drawer. • nos( lle. Davidson, sailed 4th July, from Smyrna for this port.
. are 800, and in NITRATE of Sows 200 bags, at previous rates.
s And peace be 'wron ;ht s Complainant.-When he pulled me by the sleeve I thought Boreal, Gylberg. 'tenet:, at Elsinore. .
Zero, Mill, hence, at do. DEawoo ea.—The demand for Loawoon continues. steady. and
• Something yet more divine myself bound to prevent any further acquaintance„.and threw, Jupiter, Rundstrum, hence, at do. walnut alteration in price.; about 60 tons of Campeachy have been
up my WNi
:hand. Whether- my andh struck 'him or not he is the erea, Joy, hence, at Leghorn.
, Than the clear, pearly, virgin-lustre shedsold at £B, 20 tons of St. Domingo, at £6 155., and 60 tons of Jamaica
best judge. (A laugh.) Snowdrop, Nicholls, hence, at do.
Forth from. thy breast upon the river'abcd. at £6l"Fcs•rte has been sold rather lower, 100 tons of Tarn 100 hay-
The
_Lord Mayor asked the complainant's witnesses whether
, SUNDAY, llth August—Noon, Wind N.—Fair.
. • As from a shrine.. they saw blood flowing from the nose of the defendant, or who- ing been disposed of at £7 15s. 6 £B, 50 of Spanish at £6 17s. 6d, 6.
Mack:acad.* Magazine ther they saw that his tooth was knocked out. ARRIVED :—Philip First, Martin, from New York, (sailed 11th July) £7, 50 of, Ceara, at £7 12s. 6d. 6£7 155., a few tons of Zante, at XJ•
—Matilda, Powditch. Lima, (sailed 20th April).--Jane Prowse, Cor- 10s., and Cuba at £l2 ;40 tons of Rio de la Bache Wood brought £2O
They replied that the defendant said not a word about any-
sh, Valparaiso (sailed olst A ril —Zante Winsor from on-Oporto
SONNET, thing of the' kind until he was in the station-house, when fie sails
19th-July. ' 'On 2d lugusPt; in lat. 49, 'long. 13, spoke- the Nor-
To 25 tons of small ditto £l7 55., and 10 tons of Lima £2l 10s.; 25
To the Memory (11' my Mother, who died August 20th, 1770, produced something'like an old tooth, and said the girl had de- thumberland, hence for New South Wales. 0:1 sth Allgust, in lat. 50 • tons of Sarats
.Woos sold, in bond, at £l6 16a„ and a few tons of
priced. him of it. • " 39, long. 12; spoke the Ocean, froin Waterford, for Quebec-Good CAMWOOD at £2O rtr ton.—The TURPENTINE market has advanced 3d.
IN E. WILLIAMS, TUE STONEMASON.
Defendant.—Why, my lord, coming from me it could not be a Agreement, Taylor, Miramiehi—Cyrus,----, do—llspe, -Herbert, .. . . . • f
•Narva—Jean Treak, Smith, Havre—lionoria, Galsakorth. y, Rouen— V cwt., and we raise our quotations accordingly ; 1,700 brls. o good
_ very young tooth. • - ,
• Since first I mourn'd thee-numbered with the dead, The Lord Mayor.—Ne, indeed, Mr. -4 aughan, it could not, Byllle,srouitireOl„ New Orleans-HLouis' Coristant,"Sinains, Ostend— quality were sold early in the week, at Ils. 6d. ' ils. 7d.—There are
I've known distress in ev'ry woful form, audit deserved to come out in, that way, particularly as it was yellor, Cherbouit
Gustav Clyde , sailed from Valparaiso, for this port 20th April. no sales of American TAR to report, nor of Baltic or Archanga—
, .
. Through twice ten years; and o'er my battered head so old a tooth. (Laughter.) - - . Oberon, &Ott, fiom Bahia, for London, was spoken 13th July,, in There is no improvement in the demand for Montreal Pot ASHES, and
With fellest rage has blown the wintry storm. - Defeudant.l think not, my lord. After all, it was such a lat. 32 20, long. 41 W. .. . .. . not more than 40 to 50 brls. have been sold-at 245.' for old, and at 255.
Oh, my lost mother f—still I weep for thee I joke as gentlemen are in the habit of making. . s Llama, Dirorishence, at Valparaiso, 18th April, in 95 days. for new brands; Montreal Pearl Ashes remain steady at 265. 6d, for
•
Safe in thy care I passed through feeble youth; • The Lard Mayor.—When gefitlemen,'particularly old gentle-
.alea9uln,
oThrt'hor?infp'spoenr,nhinenbeuecocOjhßasalltae., which was
taus
ooungusmhourceh adbaomßuteeld2
lea. 3 brand. Neiv States' Ashes are wanted, but there are none in
- men, j oils in such a mariner with decent girfi, of whom they
taken to arallio, about
.200 packages of dry goods, and 2000 a this market.—QUERCITRON BARK continues dull of sale, about 20 hhd.s.
Vosehool'd beside, I, tutor'd at toy knee, •
have no knowledge, they Must expect a joke in return. But boxes soaps•with some crates, iScas have been landsd in good Order.: haVe been suseosed of at Bs. 3d. 413' cwt..—Nothing has been done in
Caught from thy lips the sacred lore of truth. you are mistaken;• gentlemen are- not in the habit of beating the remainder of the cargo, which was deposited in the church for .. . v • • s . •
• Ileav'n, in thy looks, beamed on my tender mind, girls hecausethev don't like to be pulled about. (Laughter.) - safety, has been plundered by the natives ; part,has been recovered, Cum ERSEED.— LAXSEED of good quality is saleable for crushing.
Till dawn'd the Muse ; in thoughts by theirefin'd. Defendant. —But I had a very rum customer in her, my lord. and the goi-ernment is endeavouring to obtain the remainder, but the ordinary descriptions' are quite neglected.—BEES WAX is in
How kindled throngh my soul her purest flame 1 She hit me very hard, and I understand she is often in Cheap- Lord Althorp. Scoula, hence, at Bengal, sth March.
Cervantes, Hug es, at Cape of Good Hope. moderate demand.—The sales of.HIDES are to a very limited extent;
Whilst memory the briny tear supplies. side at night. Scott, Irving, hence. at do. 1,300 dry salted Brazil 'Cow and Ox have been sold at 6Sd. 6 Old..
The Lord Mayor.—Her conduct in taking liberties with your 1,500 dry Russian Kips, at 9.1 d, 80 dry West India, at 6d., and 30
In anguish, pointing to supernal skies, Rolla, Turnley; hence, at Philadelphia.
•
I teach my lisping babes to bless thy name. teeth proves that she is not the person you meanly insinuate she
Camerton. Hewitt, hence, at Bueovs Ayres,
salted ditto, at 41d. (ni lb.-20 hales Buenos Ayres HORSE Hata, short
is. If she had treated the insult With indifference, it would have Gondolier. Rhodes, hence, at do.
(From the Cambrian Quarterly.) been encouragement to you ; but she knew very well that she Adelaide, Damrell, from Bahia, at Pernambuco. mixed. have brought 61(1. 6 61d., but there are no sales of Neutria or
could not expect much favour from you by breaking your mouth. Harriett, Rogers, from Rio Janeiro, at Bahia... Chinchilli SKsNs.—For OAK BARK there has been more demand, and
ense her, if you wish . .
_
GROSS INFATUATION. You will therefore be so good as to recomp Amelia, Cholditch, from Genoa, at Leghorn.'Eliza Scotland, Scotland, from Leghorn, at Marseilles
to avoid the consequences of a legal investigation elsewhere. 420 tons Dutch have been sold at £5 10s. 6 £6 10s., and 35 tons Ger-
William, Sproule, from Africa, fur this port, was spoken 3d instant, man, at £5 ar ton.—Toaacco has been in good demand for the home-
The past week has disclosed scenes of fanaticism and folly Mr. Vaughan very cheerfully consented by paying to the girl in lat. 51 as long. 10 50. trade, by which 105 .hhds. of Virginia stemmed, 20 of leaf, 36 of
.; which we should almost have thought impossible in these 30s. for the purchase of a new bonnet. He also paid the two Bradshaw, —, from St John, NB, for this port, was off Cape Kentucky stemmed, and 15 of leaf have been taken.at former rates;
days of boasted improvement. In our last,_we mentioned the witnesses for appearing to give evidence against him, a kind- ClefrarWJuly.
50 of Virginia, with a few hhds. of Kentucky leaf, have been sold for
ravings of one 'Hannah Beedham, whose trances, and predic- ness by which- they had forfeited a day's work, and he took leave 5 omer, hence, for Quebec, was spoken 2d instant. in lat. 50,
45, long. 11,29. export at the quotations.
tions, and street preachings had gained for her no small de- of the lord Mayor evidently determined to reform. Arab, Lowe, hence, for Havana, was off Tuskar, 9th instant. The demand for BRIMSTONE remains limited, and buyers are not
gree- of notoriety among the religious of a certain caste; and HATTON GARDEN. Princess Victoria, Thomas, hence, at Glasgow, 6th instant,
also how she had predicted her nu ti death, which was to take Thursday Sarah Shoiter aged 19, , serYant to Mr. Parry, SAlLED:—Liverpool, Barstow, for Boston.
, disposed to buy freely, except at some further reduction.—For coarse
SUMAC
place on Thursday week, and to meet which she had retired to artist, of Canonbury-street, Islington, was brought before Mr.
ground Trieste
Kelfield, a village on the banks of the Ouse, about ten miles Seri cant Seilon and Mr. Laing, charged by her master with • MONDAY, 12th August.—Noon, Wind N.W.—Fair. sold at Bs. 6d., 100 of there is some enquiry, and 200 bags have been
Verona at 75., and some parcels of Sicily at 12s•
ARRIVED :—John;, Stephens, from Bahia, (sailed 16th June;—Tho- V cwt.—Turkey MADDER Roots are scarce, and for 50loales of or
from York. Thither-many thousands followed her on a pious having maliciously administered a quantity of laudanum to his
pilgrimage, and on the Thursday, when the DeTeat consumma- child, -about three months old, with intent to deprive it of life. fmouasUdjl aonntls ' asarlevaotne,; (sailedan d lti
Valence,t 18th JupL—v fro tnhi cskt,. Ipetres lreyb. Nr ehw -, (Hilary quality 595, 6d. has been obtained.—There continues to be a
lion was to be accomplished, Kelfield received its hundreds of .
Seven Brothers, Beyer, Lubec—Hellos, Small, Smyrna. su g fair enquiry for the best descriptions of MADDERS, whilst the ordinary
The prosecutor being sworn, sated that the prisoner had been
visitors eager to be "in at the death." Whether this woman, in his service as housemaid during the last month, and had Also -4rrised..—Defiance, Dyer, from Limerick—Lord Exmouth, and middling are neglected.—Nothing worthy of notice has been done
whose intellects were never of a high order, actually believed
in Aitoots or CREAM of TARTAR.—There has appeared a speculative
frequently nursed the child, of whom she appeared particularly M'Queen, Tralee—Oscar, Sterling, Sligo—Thomas, Hally, Youghall--
Pacific, Ellis, Waterfurd—ludustry. Burn, Wicklow—Unity, Milne;
her own predictions, is a matter difficult to determine—the
demand for Smyrna VALoNIA, and about 150 tons have changed hands
fond, and he never entertained tae, least suspicion that she in-
and Amity, Stave, Dublin—Lord Nelson, M•Gee, Dundalk—Enter-
only fact certain is, that she succeeded in imposing them •upon tended it any harm. On Wednesday last the child appeared ye?
prise, Owens
oic Drogheda--idAilanrie lie Gill,. Griliug, Newcastle—Mary, at £l2. 10., to £l2. 12s. V ton. For OLIVE OIL there has been less
others., who, it seems, were willing to be deceived in spite of droway, and at length it fell off into a sound sleep.' in -whiC i St gford—Emma, VVO-
their better judgment. As the moment of the expected catas- it remained for several .hours. In the evening' witness went iiaans,YeardiffSt. fl;iadget, Ibis, lhilnegaY' onra—ullope, Clarke,' Port demand than last week, in consequence of holders having raised their
trophe drew near, anxiety increased, and on Thursday, not to the kitchen,.where he found it in such a profound sleep that Rush—hrunswick, Laing, Lewis Islands—Agnes, Hall, Galway—
e.nc' e for Mannaham, was spoken Prices; the sales amount to 50 tuns at an advance of 20s. 4f, Din on
only York sent forth its hundreds, but places distant as Ferry-Spanish ; Gallipoli is now held at £57 V' tun. Another cargo of pale
bridge, Leeds, and Doncaster added .to the tributary streams all efforts to arouse it were of no avail, and tearing that some-` John Woe4;l(siaSmesaosr),G;Alasosbarpiigw.e:h
thing ailed it, a surgeon was sent for, who gave it' as his opinion
26friulest
Aar' iiolundeali, Arrn;troono:, triLm Demerara, fotLondonswaa spoken SEAL OIL has arrived, and is held for £29. ;but buyers being unwit-
which swelled this spring-tide of fanaticism. The house where that-laudanum had been administered to the infant, and that it ling to give this advance, it is likely to be warehoused. —Con is steady
she bad retired to die, is occupied by a respectable farmer and was in an exceedingly dangerous condition.- Antidotei were 27tIr ult., in lat. 46, long. I'7. at £26 , andbut little offering.—For SEED OILS there is a good demand
gardener, named Sturdy; in the parlour of his dwelling, in applied, and every remedy adopted to save the child, but it was Oberon, Scott •from Bahia. for London, was spoken 24th July, in at our.quotations.—Exteasiv sales of PALM OIL, to arrive, continue
• solemn state, lay Hannah Beedham, and hither the public were
freely admitted,in convenient portions, to a sight of the pro- still lying without the least hope of recovery. Witness being lat. 42 50, long. 29.
aware that his wife or himself had never administered such Henry; Nowell, hence, off Charleston. to be effected ; the price on the spot is rather lower,. and the sales
trifling.-Oti of TURPENTINE is dull at the price quoted.—There is
phetess, who, when not engaged in secret communication with poison to the child, nor given their sanction for the prisoner to Grecian, You..nas, hence, at St. Petersburgh.
her celestial visitor, prayed, exhorted, or sang, as she felt in- do so, they immediately suspected the prisoner, whom they ques- George and Catherine, Blacklock, hence, at do.
Carolina, Beckmen, hence at Memel. • ..
more enquiry for FLAX, and higher prices are demanded.—The sales
dined. It. was of this apartment, too, that strange stories were
Frederick Wilhelm 3d, Groot, hence, at Pillau. of HEMP on the spot are limited, and the prices quoted obtainable for
told, and eagerly swallowed by . the faithful, of supernatural trolled upon the subject, and on threatening to give her into
the custody of a policeman, and telling her that it would be Franziska, Schultz; Puget, Baines; and Froskett, Schultz, hence, only small parcels.—TALLovv continues to be taken freely from the
lights, the drawing of the curtains by invisible beings, and worse for her if she did not speak the truth, she confessed that at Elsineur.
quay as it arrives, and from the increased consumption of this article,
similar wonders. On Wednesday night the York bellman an- she had given the child laudanum twice in the course of the Belgrave, Everad, hence for Riga, has put into Elsineur, to replace
a stock does not appear likely to accumulate.
nounced the departure from that city, next forenoon, of a ves- day, and witness ascertained that she had purchased some her rudder,. and repair a trifling damage, having struck on Aabolt
set for the land of wonders, which would take out passengers laudanum at a surgeon's in the New North Road, Islington, Reef. Although the weather continues favourable for the harvest, the
SAILED:—Bo} Shotton, for Bordeaux—Phoenix, Maack Ell- GRAIN market has been on the whole steady, and there is no altera-
and bring them back at a shilling a-head. Great numbers and on searching the garden, a laudanum bottle was found con- neur—Sophia, Easton', Montreal—Egidius, Du_yts, ''
Ostend—St. 'John,
availed themselves of this conveyance. A break, which will coaled, which the prisoner had owned to having placed there. M'Nichol; and Doncaster, Foster, Quebec—Tyree Gebrodoers, Pot- tion in the prices of WHEAT, but OATS hage. again given way Id. to
carry about a dozen or fourteen persons, also made several Mr. Serjeant Seilon.—ls it not possible that the poison might gewYd. V Rotterdam—Hoop, Mugge, Dordt—Salus, Anderson, Bilboa— 2d. 4aths, and some large purchases,of OATMEAL have been made
journeys in the course of the day; many cabs were likewise put have been given to the child by mistake ? - Trasis, Hamilton, Darieu-,--Catharina Caroline, . Schlie . Memel— at; 21s. 9d. 41' 2401153. Bonded WHEAT is quite nominal, and sour
Ville de Brussels, Zorydrager, Antwerp—Betsey .Susanna:la Thuroe, :in requisition, and the pedestrian devotees were very coast- Mr. Parry.—lt was impossible, your worship. She gave it to FLOUR, I/I bond, has been offered at a reduction- of 2s, per barrel.,
derable. the child twice in the course of the day. She had received no Elsineur—La Ville de Mierbur,,,s -LCmcke, Elsineur—Ruby Farrant
Newfoundland—St. George, Garrett Pernainbucti-EXpo 't, Bangs, without finding buyers.
As the solemn hour approached, various were the conjectures, orders to do so, and indeed the child did not require such stuff. Boston—Catharine Charlotte, Christie, Elsineur-,-Sarita-firrian, -
Ham -
and conflicting the evidence as to the probability of the result. Mr. Laing.—What induced you in the first instance to think bro—Leopold Ist, Zerran. Ostend—Duncan and Margaret, Ewer,
Some, from the appearance of "the inspired," affirmed it more it was laudanum? ' • Newfoundland Majestic, Leask, Libau—Georgio, Costa; Naplss— LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, AUGUST 9.
of a miracle if she should live till the time, than if she should Mr. Parry.—The child sleeping so long, and finding the Scotsman. Mearns, Bahia—G'ustar Charlotte, Endman, Elsineur— There has been a very- moderate demand for Cotton this week, the
die at it, for, during the previous nine days, she had been gra- bottle in the garden. Atlas, Sund, Revel—Don Juan Owens Malta. trade merely supplying their immediate wants, and only 4,500 bags
dually becoming worse, and those firm In faith now saw the Mr. Serjeant Sellon.—Have you any reason to suspect that ' - - - ' American having
-been taken by speculators. The prices of last week
indubitable signs of approaching dissolution. Others, more she had cause for revenge or spite to.vards the child? VESSELS. JENTER ED FOR LOADING. are fully supported, except for the inferior qualities of American,
sceptical,- saw no ground for any such apprehensions, and con- Mr. Parry.—l recollect that in the morning she was re-
EAST INDIES ;AND CAPE OF GOOD HOPE. which are id. to id. 41' lb lower.
sidered her apparent exhaustion the effects of her constant roached with some negligence in her work, and she went away
exertions before the company. But passing this, the solemnlll ilePTimriye, tr
Ce
co, 209 Theodosia, No 1 Gray. Bombay
Chapman, 121 Minerva, 0, Cape of Good Hope The stock of Cotton in this port is about 50,000 bags less than at this
farce went on, and the lips of the dying saint were ever and Psulky and muttering to herself; and shortly afterwards I found
time last year; and the import from America for the next five months
anon moistened with
.wine, to render her transition more easy. the child in a sound sleep. I never heard any expression of re-
venee from her. She had always treated it kindly till now. J•P. C Abercrombie, P 430' Fer, rus P
WEST INDIES, &C. Bombay
will probably fall short of the same period of 1832 at least 80,090 bags.
The Methodist chapel was open, and numbers assembled therein The child was a strong healthy little creature, and had not had W Ker, Imrie& co, 238 Lady Douglas, K, Trinidad
to pray; processions, singing funeral hymns, passed along the an hour's illness from its birtl;. J Bolton, 306 Mary, K Demerara ' ACCOUNT OF SALES AND IMPORTS OF COTTON,
village street, and altogether the scene was one of the most Mr. Laing,—Did you understand what she muttered about? Tennants, Moore & co, 191 Siren, P, Havannah From the 3d inst. to this day inclusive.
extraordinary that has been witnessed in modern times. The Mr. Parry said he did not. He was exceedingly affected, AFRICA.
result may be soon told: the period passed over, and Hannah and said that the child was expected every moment to expire, D Gbib, 454 Sir Howard Douglas, Q, Africa SALES. Current s '3, so krs•
Beedham remained an inhabitant of this lower sphere. Some, and he anticipated its death before his return home. NEW SOUTH WALES. ,
Henderson & co, or H Fox, 435 Bardaster, P. New South Wales, & Prvsly I This Prices of - „ This Prvsly
unwilling to be convinced of their cherished delusion, waited DESCRIPTION. this Year Week this Day. Week this Year
till the midnight hour had elapsed, and even till morn's Edmd. Wray-, police-constable, 90, N division, being sworn,
Van Dieman's Land - --- ------
- I
grey deposed that on Wednesday morning he received information SOCTII AMERICA. Sea Wand Georgia.... 179-10 230 141 d e 30d •
light appeared—but that morn which broke upon many a house that a child belonging to Mr. Parry had been poisoned. He pro- w& J Tyrer, 256 George, Q, Maranham Stained Ditto 2120 100 10 —l4 1222 237058
of mourning, and illumined many a couch of death, smiled upon ceeded to the house of that gentleman, and found the child in Do, 263 Wanderer, P, Vera Cruz , Upland Ditto
the living Hannah Beedham. 'rhos was the belief of the credo- an apparently dying state. The prisoner acknowledged having DO, - 218 William, Cg, Maranham Alabama
Inns disappointed, and severe, indeed, to many did the disap- J N Wood & co, 430 Ganges, Q. Savannah Mobile - 1111 } 2009 271315
and the bottle he found concealed in the garden.
pointment prove, for not only at Kelfield and the neighbouring §ihveenbaitdP°is"' UNITED STATES. New Orleans 176660 3980 94 121
Tmrchased the poison of Mr. Ram, of the New North
'W Stuart, 48-1 Walter Scott,• G, Charleston Pernambuco
villages had many provided themselves with new mourning tol 43900 230 124 134 1 341 27160
- Road, Islington. He took the prisoner into custody. He here rn Crary Ss co, 519 Napoleon, I', New York Aricati & Ceara IIS 124
grace the funeral obsequies, which were to have been performed produced a certificate from a medical gentleinan, which 'stated .Velsapelniac,a, 225 Fisher, Q, -Wilmington, N C Bahia and Macaio 23040 450 101 -- 12 22299
at the church of the Holy Trinity, Goodramgate, York, on that a quantity of laudanum had been administered to the child, Booth, Dixon & co, 475 St Cloud, P, Castine Maranham I 40390 .150 1" I*' 1 36359
Sunday last, but even some in York had done the like. The and that it was in a dangerous situation. BRITISH AMERICA......_ .. . Sawginned . 10S —HI
dyers, too, found a more than ordinary accession of business, Mr. Serj cant Sellon thought it a strange and melancholy Matthie & Son, or Monro, 351, Esther, G, . MonttSal. • Mina' - • ..
in expectation of the dying of Hannah Beedham, for many who case, and he remanded the prisoner, with directions that the W Ker, Imrie & co, 251 Victoria, Q, 'Do ' Para. ... 440 101 —ll
did not provide themselves with bombasis's sent their garments J Holt & co, 286 Lady Ann, B, Pi to N S .11 , 13 9 1915
surgeon and other witnesses who could throw any light upon . ,
Tinle), Langstone & co, 368 Doncaster, B; Quebec • • 590
Demerara & Berbice.. 2230
Barhadoes lO 101
1 of many colours to receive the sable hue. "It is an ill wind that the subject be requested to attend the next examination. W Fairelough, 261 Mary Ann, Q, Halifax, N S •Common West India 3580 9l —10 S, c 8619
blows nobody good." The Charon across the Cawood Styx 20
. S Brown Son & co, . 248 Elizabeth, K, . Montreal, .Bahama • 10S —l3
netted £l5 by conveying over those that went to see the depart- MEMOIR OF MR. WILBERFORCE. . SPAIN AND PORTUGAL. Carthagena. 2040 84 —B4 371
ore. "of sister Hannah's ghost," and, out of gratitude, he not Smyrna
.
only will give her a free passage, but he has generously deter- Mr. Wilberforce was born at hull in 1759; his grandfather, Atkin & co, or Glynn Ss Son, 65, William, S, Malaga
205 St Nicholai, Q, Elsineur & St Peters-
EUROPE. Egyptian
mined to prespiat her with a new gown for having been thus
, William Wilberforce, was twice Mayor of Hull. His father
C G Weber & co, BSuernagait and Madras .... 62260 480 '7l, 81 14876-
1370 948
prliitious to him. One fact, however, we must not conceal, greatdied while he was very young, and the early education of the 61 7
burgh
P Sorensen, Son & co, 210 Josephina, Q, Elsineur & Borga
for owsoever
.spiritual minded the devotees must be, they (lid r, philanthropist was attended to by his mother,
... who subse-
not :" live by their faith," for not only were the three hotels in quently placed him under the care of a Mr. Pockington, and , Do, 89 Calmar, Q, Stockholm • - •
which Kelfield rejoiceth emptied both in cellar and larder of afterwards sent him to a grammar school conducted by a rev. C L Bahr, 224 Hoop, Q, Rotterdam & Dordt
740280 14400
, - 3581 618378
189 Elizabeth Mario, Q, Alkmaar
the meat which perisheth, but also the adjacent orchards and 'John
eentleman named Milner. About 1774 he was entered at St. Do, •
Do, 99 GoedeVerwagting, Bs Rotterdam & Dordt
turnip fields giye abundant proof of having had a visitation by 's College, Cambridge, where he became a friend of Mr.
Do,
KB; o Amsterdamr
de a u
xMonday Evening, ilugust 12th, 1833.
Do
the "plague y locusts." At York, hundreds, whose faith and Pitt and Dr. Isaac Milner Mr Wilberforce became of age a
whose curiosity failed to carry them to Kelfield, congregated inl B')and with Lord JWS May, few weeks before the-general election of 7, , WA & G Maxwell, 1931755 BLMOiydl lilemftTh; ,Q, Do
Theodorus,
On Saturday, the business done in Cotton
.amounted only to ,2,000
_bags, of which one half was American, on speculation, consumers con-
the streets to hear the result; and so late as twelve o'clock, a Robt. Manners. was almostunanimously returned for the repro- .1 C Kalowski, — Ceres, 88, Ostend
sentation of Hull,. In 1784 he was returned for the same place, C L Bahr, — Union, 0, Nantes tinuing still to buy very sparingly. To-day, the demandlas been very
great concourse was assembled in Castlegate and SpurriergateElizabeth, K, St Petershurgh considerable, , and from- 6to 7,000 bags are sold; of which nearly
corner, and groups enlivened the road as far as the barracks. ,-
but having been also returned for the county of York, gave the Chapman or Swainson, 214
re,erence to sit for the latter place. ' 3,000 are Brazil, chiefly Pernam, at 124 d. ta 13 d. ; the. rest in Arne-
A gig at last brought the intelligence that the prophetess still 11
So n • fter the meeting. . of parliament in 1787, Mr. Wilber- Emporto,
lived, and the crowds gradually forsook the streets for their• rican, 1,500 being on speculation.
. '
force brought forward his motion relative to the slave trade, in •
repose.—Leeds Intelkyencer.----
~
._ Arrived-1 New York, 1 New Orleans, 1 Charleston, and 1 Bahia.
his SITPPPCCeII 1 .4r.rtg cm. 11,. ,Anlitinn of whieh he in mach die—

THE PRAISE OF DEBT.
Debt is of the very highest antiquity. The first debt in the
history of man is the debt of nature, and the first instinct is to
put off the payment of it to the last moment. Many persons,
it will be observed, following the natural procedure, would die
before they would pay their debts.
Society is formed of two classes, debtors and creditors. The
creditor class has been erroneously supposed the more enviable.
Never was there a
.greater misconception; and the hold it yet
maintains upon opinion is a remarkable example of the obsti-
nacy of error, notwithstanding the plainest lessons of experience.
The debtor has the sympathy of mankind. He is seldom
spoken of but with expressions of tenderness and compassion—
" the poor debtor!" the " unfortunate debtor !"
On the other hand, "harsh," and "bard-hearted," are the
epithets allotted to the creditor. Who ever heard the " poor
creditor," the "unfortunate creditor," spoken of ? No, the cre-
ditor never becomes the object of pity, until he passes into the
debtor class. A creditor may be ruined by the poor debtor; but
it is not until he becomes unable to pay his own debts that he
begins to be compassionated.
A debtor is a man of mark. Many eyes are fixed upon him ;
many have interest in his well-being; his movements are of
concern; he cannot disappear unheeded; his name is in many
mouths; his name is upon many books; he is a man of note=
of promissory note; he fills the speculation of many minds ; men
conjecture about him, wonder about him, wonder and conjecture
whether he will pay. Ile is a man of consequence, for many
are running after him. His door is thronged with duns. He
is inquired after every hour of the day. He is in the Court of
Request, the Court of Conscience, in every court of his district.
But he is not as the courtier, servilely suing; no, he is perpe-
tually sued. Judges hear of him know of him; his name in the
courts is as the Duke of Devonshi
re's in the court news. Every
meal that he swallows, every coat he puts on his back, every
pound he borrows, appears before the country in some formal
document. Compare his notoriety with the obscure lot of the
creditor, of the man who has nothing but claims on the world ;
a landlord or fundholder, or some such disagreeable hard cha-
racter.

Mr. Wilberforce was born at Hull in 1759; his grandfather,
William Wilberforce, was twice Mayor of Hull. His father
died while he was very young, and the early education of the
great philanthropist was attended to by his mother, who subse-
quently placed him under the care of a Mr. Pockington, and
afterwards sent him to a grammar school conducted by a rev.
crentleman named Milner. About 1774 he was entered at St.
3ohn's College, Cambridge, where he became a friend of Mr.
Pitt and Dr. Isaac Milner. Mr. Wilberforce became of age a
few weeks before the general election of 178 d, and with Lord
Robt. Manners was almost unanimously returned for the repre-
sentation of Hull_ In 1784 he was returned for the same place,
but having been also returned for the county of York, gave the
preference to sit for the latter place.
Soon after the meeting of parliament in 1787, Mr. Wilber-
force brought forward his motion relative to the slave trade, in
his successfut efforts for the abolition of which he so much dis-
tinguished himself.
In 1788 he was for some time very ill, and in consequence of
petitions on the subject from all parts of the country, Mr. Pitt
brought forward a measure in the name of Mr. W., hoping that
by the next session he would himself be able to take the conduct
of it. The business was not, however, proceeded with until
nearly twelve months afterwards, when Mr. Wilberforce's Arst
motion was carried without a division; in the next, however, he
was less successful, for in 1791 his motion to bring in a bill to
prevent the further importation of Affican negroes into the
British colonies was lost by a majority of 75. In 1192, having
redoubled his efforts, and been greatly assisted in them by Mr.
Fox and Mr. Pitt, they were crowned with success, and the
question was carried. only 85 having voted against it. In 1794
he published a work entitled, "A Practical View of the Pre-
vailing Religious System of Professed Christians in the Higher
and Middle Classes of this Country, contrasted with real Chris-
tianity," which had a very extensive.circulation, having passed
into three editions within twelve months of its publication. In
1798, he married Miss Spooner, daughter of a merchant in Bir-
mingham, with whom he received a handsome dowry. He was
of middle size, of a spare habit, and of rather a weekly consti-
tution, not being able to use great oratorical exertions without
suffering severely afterwards,
Mr. Wilberforde has not been: in
,parliameut for some Tears
past, but the influence of his former exertions and his fame was
not without its due effect on the public mind in forwarding to
that successful, issue which he all. but saw attained, and, which
the present slavery abolition bill will accomplish, the great end
of his useful and well-spent life.--London paper.

HOLLAND.

Tartar, Barker, fm Rotterdam, with 10 es wine, J G Claus-10 cs
do, Order-1 es 2 aums do, Alanson and Brandreth-1 aum do, C Tay-
leur-1 aum do, D Armstrong-1 es do, J Turner-15 es do, Golborue
and Dobbs-1 hf aum, W Latham-1 cse eau de Colo:rue, T Wool-
field-1 cse do, J Danson-2 bxs cotton wares, W llesketh-10 cks
madder, 226 mats flax, Order:-24 cks madder, J Price and co-16 cks
do, JW S May-4 es liqueurs, D Willink-2 hmprs mineral water,
Maury Latham and co-123 bills rushes, Master-17 cs 12 cks mer-
chandize coats unkn, 2 bxs eau de Cologne, Order—S Dk
Fortuna, Storey, fm Rotterdam, with 50 mats flax, 11 C Smith and
co-88 cks madder, 64 mats flax. 13 t oak bark, Order—S Dk
RUSSIA.

LIVERPOOL CORN TRADE, AuGusr 12.

Carnation, Shepherd. fm St Petersbui,gh, with 688 cks tallow, J
Butcher and Son—alit 5 fins lathwood, 23 spars, Chapman and Willis
—Q llk
EUROPE.

Bokens, fm Bremen, with 4 pps 1 lid geneva, 35 t oak
a rk, 'Roberts, Came and co—Q Dk
Horatio, Hodgson, fm Antwerp, with 3.5 hls flax, J Tattersall, Sons
and co-100 his do, A Swainson-40 hls do, Parry and Crosbie-22 bls
do, H Jenkins-67 t oak bark, J C Kalowski—Q 13k
Actif, Vander Brocke, fin Ostend, with abt 33 t oak hark, 140 bls
flax, 40 hls tow. J C Kalowski-19 his flax, J Johnstone-25 bls do,
C W Neuman. Son and co-40 hls do, Collings, Bros and co-2 es cot-
ton lace, J Swire-28 cs whetstones, Order—Q Dk
Josephine, lifoldenhauer, fm Ostend, with 93 t oak bark, J C Ka-
lowskl-38 t do, H Castellain and co—Q Dk
Duke of Clarence, Brown; fm Archangel, with 1300 brls tar. 14220
mats, R and G Benn-21 c 7 deals, c spars, said Master-1 hx conts
unkn. W'Smith kndSon--4 bx do, R Gladstone—K Dk
BRITISH AMERICA.

Mary Ford, Lamb, fm St Andrew's, N B, 431 ps fir timber, 1 pce
birch timber, jc 16 deals, 8 fms.lathwood, J Barber—B Dk

Since Friday's market, the Corn trade has been'very steady, and
several lots of Wheat have been bought at full prices, for the interior,
chiefly white Canada, at 9s. 9s. 2d., and red Irish; at 7s. 0 7s. 6d.,
at which rates a small business has also been done with the town
dealers.—Oats and Irish Flour are very dull, but Oatmeal has gone
off to a fair extent, at 225. 0 225. 6d. Some speculative business has
been done in bonded Wheat, and there have been inpuiries for Flour
in bond.

IMPORTED
From the 2d to the 7th ilugust, 1833, inclusive,

ENGLISH WATERING PLacf:s.—You may there see families
pacing silently no and down the same walks, without accosting,
without even saluting other families quite as ennuyees as them-
selves. There also you may perceive ladies seated in the bal-
conies with book in hand, while their husbands behind them
raise above their heads their telescopes, with which they follow
the vessels that pass within view of the shore. There also may
be perceived nurses and governesses superintending the chil-
dren committed to their care, but in the countenances of all and
each is imprinted an air of lassitude and weariness which no
one seeks tG dissemble. Those gay reunions to be seen in
France are not known in England. In France the very sound
of a violin is sufficient, at places of summer resort, to get up a
ball in the middle of a wood or the corner of a meadow ; and
the flagging interest is in turn excited by cards, by readings, by
shows, scenes of plays, walks in picturesque sites, or by conver-
sation, for which food is found in the most frivolous anecdote,
as well as in the knottiest political discussion. At Dieppe, at
Plombieres, in the Alps, in the Pyrenees, people amuse them-
selves; at the English watering-places people bathe, eat and
drink, walk and sleep, and when ennui becomes insufferably
heavy, go elsewhere in the hope of dissipating their disorder on
the road; but it nevertheless generally happens that they carry
their distemper home with them.—Baron D' Haussez.

By 2 Vessels from Demerara, 1 New Orleans, 1 Puerto Cabello and
Mobile, 'I Savannah and Philadelphia, 1 Baltimore, I Halifax, 3 Bue-
nos Ayres, 1 Monte Video, 1 Rio Grand and Ceara, 1 Newfoundland,
1 St Petershurgh, 1 Archangel, 1 Odessa, 3 Antwerp, 3 Ostend, I Dun-
kirk, 1 Dordt, and 2 Rotterdam.

Argols
Ashes lies.
Bark hhds. 250, serons,
Oak tons, 441
Peruvian serons,
Berries
Borax chests,
Brimstone.... tons,
Cassia Lignea boxes,
Castor Oil
Cloverseed casks,—, hales,
Cochineal bags, —, serons,
Cocoa brls, —, casks,
Coftee, B. P tees. 4, brls. 25, bags, 108
Foreign bags, —, brls, —, hhds,
Logwood tons, 46
Fustic
Nicaragua Wood tons,
Barwood tons,
Camwood.. tons, ---.
Flax
Flaxseed .hhds —, qrs. —, bags,
Flour E. I. sacks, —, brls.,
Galls
Ginger. .barrels, —, bags,
Gum csks, —, bags, —, bxs,
Hemp bundles, —, tons,
Molasses casks, 199
Mnnjeet
Olive Oil ' jars, —, casks,
Palm Oil
Fish oil • casks, 203
Pepper
Pimento, W.l brls. —, boxes —, bags,
Rice tcs. —, 4 tcs., —, E. T. bags,
Rum- brls. 15, hhds. 92, puns., 202

1 , ;
WHEAT, per 70 lbs Fs d s d MALT, anp.mea s d s d
Irish red (old).. 5 6 e 6 9 English 5O. o.e 70 0
Do. red 1832.... 6 9.. 7 6 Irish
Do. white 1832.. 7 0 .. 7 9 I BEANS, English 37 0.. 41 0
Canada (01d).... 0 0.. 0 0 Irish 33 0.. 35 0
Do. 1832 7ll .. 9 0 Foreign ... 34 0.. 37 0
Dantzic 0 0 .. 0 0 PEASE, White .. . 35 0.. 42 0
Stettin &Wismar 0 0 .. 0 0 FLOUR, per 280 White....
Odessa (soft).... 0 0.. 0 0 Irish, (new)....
Russian 0 0.. 0 0 Canadian free (new)......
Foreign (in bond) 0 0.. 0 0 American, ditto..
OATS, per 45 tbs Do. (in bond)
Irish (old) 2 5 .. 2 6 OATMEAL, 240ths.
Do. (183) 2 7.. 2 8 Irish, (01d):....
Foreign (in bond) 0 0.. 0 0 Do. (1832).....
BARLEY, imp. mea. Rica, (in hand).
English. 26 0.. 30 0 Carolina, (cwt.).. 15 0.. 18 6
Irish, 60% 3 6 4 0 East Intim l2 0.. 16 0
Foreio (in bond) 0 0.. 0 0 FLAX SEED, hhd 0 0.. u 0

LONDON CORN E)
Wht.
AVERAGE s. d.
Of the week . 56 5
Of 6 weeks, regulating duty 55 1
Duty on Foreign . . . . 31 8
The alterations in the Duties thi:
6d less on Rye and Peas.

The man who pays his way is unknown in his neighbourhood.
You shall ask the milkman at his door, and he shall not be
known by his score. You shall ask his butcher where Mr.
Payall lives, and he shall tell you that he knows no such name,
for it is not in his books. You shall ask the baker, and he shall
tell you that there is no such person in the neighbourhood.—
People that have his money fast in their pockets shall have no
thought of his person or appellation. His house only is known,
—No. 31 is good pay; No. 31 is ready money; not a scrap of
paper is ever made out for No. 31. It is an anonymous house;
its owner pays his way to obscurity. No one knows any thing
about him, or heeds his movements. If a carriage be seen at
his door, the neighbourhood is not full of concern lest he be
going to run away. If a package be moved from his house, a
score of boyi are not employed to watch whether it be carried
to the pawnbroker. Mr. Payall fills no place in the public
mind; no one has any hopes or fears about him.—Tair's Ma.
"taut,

DOCTOR WADE.
Doctor Wade, Doctor Wade,
If all persons were paid
For doing their duty like you,
'Twere a sin and a shame
'To extinguish the flame
Which threatens the reverend crew.
Doctor Wade,
Which threatens the reverend crew.
w'boa, :will the Protestant reader say to the form of thanks-
•-q. r, with mock solemnity, after a dinner of demo-
eA Jaesitins, inoLondon, by the reverend incumbent of
John—
exec,
,for. this thy. food, make us thankful; and may it
Blocke4l4o & pussae cin• radical course with renewed.
Payne, , • •
of th,oeva sulked in whose' diocese Warwick is situated.
and-a, 1/3ishop of Litchfield and Coventry, we believe;
•-„itoeffigives a bishop, little or no power over a beneficed
eoln's-iidthiacasa, perhaps. a wilt de lunatic° inquire-ado
the cotirtr Twrosok Eyeiiinv
gate-strt -
af the, -

.0 H AN GE,

42 0 .. 44 0
33 0 .. 34 0
34 0 .. 0 0
19 0 .. 26 0

ENGLISH CHARACTER.—There is this peculiarity in the
English character, that the defects of individuals ana classes,
far from militating against the general interest, operate rather
in itsfavour. Thus, from the want of courage in the common
people results the maintenance of order; from the pride of the
better classes, national pride; from the thirst after riches, pub-
lic wealth; from the sluggishness of imagination, the hatred of
change and consequent stability of institutions; from the mania
to distinguish oneself, strange but useful inst itut ions ; from the se-
verity of the religion, a severity of manners; from the spirit of
propagandism, the extension of English commerce in all
quartets of the globe; from the distress of the parent state, the
establishment of useful colonies; from the sale of public places,
even of seats in the national representation, more aptitude and
stronger guarantees on the part of those who devote their for-
tune to the pursuit of such objects; -from the revolting in-
equality in .the division of property,. a hierarchy which- con-
nects.the state and
piivateindividuals in a common bond of
union. This disposition of the social order,taken in its general
sense,' reacts upon all the minor details ; and the effect of
it.is that,, notwithstanding the inconsistencies discoverable in
its institutions, and the real and obvious defectiveness of its
organization, England holds a very distinguished rank amongst
the .best governed and the most flourishing nations' of the
present dayi, and that so far as they go back, all its historical
recollections must on a comparison with .other countries,
sound to its:ailtuttage.—Barbn
. .L'auus..

Saltnetre ' bags,
Shell Lac chests,
Sugar, B.P. hhds. 574, tees. 91, bags, —, boxes —, brls., 128
Brazil, .cases, 110, bxs. —,hrls,
Manilla Imzs,
Havana boxes, —, chests, brls,
East India boxes —, bags, —, blbls.,
_ Mauritius -
Sumac bags, -7
Tallow cisks 1138, tons;
Tartar - cl.sks, --
Tar bris, 817
Tobacco ....boxes, —, tries, —, hlls, 25
Turmeric
Turpeuting ' bile,
Valonia
Waxligeor. • .• • tasks; ,--, 'cases, ,---

.22 0 .. 22 6
. 22 6.. 23 0

AUGUST 9.

Brly. Oats. I Rye. I Bns. I Peas
s. d. s. d. a. d. s. d. a. d.
27 0 19 4 31 11 34 5 37 4
26 3 f 19 1 32 0 3 18 1
22.10 1 18 31 21 3I 34
18 3I 12 6
wevkare ls. less on Wheat, and Is.

LIVERPOOL PROVISION MARKET, AUGUST 12.

There has been a good demand for dry Butters, at a further im-
provement, and quotations are raised accordingly.—Pickled Butters
have also been more in request.—Baeon in fair demand.—Beef and
Pork steady; in other articles no alteration.

s. d.
BuTTEL—Belfast 'new) 77 0 to '
Banbridge '73 0 '
Colerain.... .... -
Sligo 72. 0 '
Derry " ' 75 0 • '
Waterford (new) 66 0
Limerick (new) 7O 0
Cork (new). • '72 0
Pickled gds, (Cork) 7l 0. '
Dry lids, (Cork) , 62 0
Newry 69 0
Dundalk 7l. 0. --
Carlow 6B 0
B/la7.—Prime Mess.... 95 0 1
PORK
Do.
Bacov 33 0

DRY HA.)IS
WET Do
LARD.—Firkin
Bladdered

52 .0 -
0 0 -
42 0 -
50 0 -

78 0 per cwt.
74 0 --
75 0 -
73.0 -
76 0 -
76 0 -
71 0 -
73 0 -
73 0 -
64 0 -
70 0 -
72 0 _ -
77 0 -
110 0 per tierce.
6. 0 perbarrel.
34 0 per j barrel.
37 0 per cwt.
54 0 ---
0 0 -
45 0
52 0

. -
LIVERPOOL AGRICULTURAL PRODUCE, AUG. 10.
s. d. a. d.
Hay 0 7 to 0 9 per 20 lb,
New Hay ' 0 6 ' 0 7 ----:
Straw, Wheat o' 21 t) %I '.---
Oat 0 , 2 - 0 3 --•
Barley. 0 0 ' • ' - •0- -0 - _
Grass, Clover, and Vetches.. 0 :
.11....
Pbtatoes (old)
New Potatoes -
Turnips
0 0 per ton.
Carrots • -
Mangle worzle. -
•
blb.nure 5 0 6 0 ----

AN ACCOUNT OF CATTLE - IMPORTED
,INTO LIVERPOOL

FROM IRELAND.
Trtnn the sth inst. to the loth inst. inclusive.
Cows. I Sheep. Pigs. Horns. I, Mules.' I Calveti. I Lamb&
,1536 34.50 I 4385 5.2 , 1. J 411.

" COURSE OF EXCHANGE, LONDON, AUGUST 9.
Amsterdam c. f. 12 4 Bilboa.
Do at sight
Rotterdam
Antwerp
llamburgh Mcs. Bco l3 14 Leghorn .
Alton.'
Paris three days' sight Z! 25 75 Venice (per 6 Aus. Liv.) 47
Do. g26 i Milan ' 31
Bourdeaux do & 26 5 Naples 4O
Frankfort on the Main ..153 Palermo cIP' 0z... 1194
Petersburg air rouble .. . . 10 Lisbon
Berlin cur. doll. • Oporto
Vienna, Ef. 2 in. .:... 80. 10 • 3 . Rio de Janeiro 36.1
Trieste, ditto . lO 5 i Bahia 3l
Madrid - Dublin 21 days' sigb t,.... li •
Cadiz
