colours.

The slaves captured in the Spanish schooner Aini-
stad had not yet been brought up for trial. Numerous
questions and conflicting claims will er gage the atten-
tion of the court on the occasion. The result is uncer-

;ain. By some it is thought that the subject may yei

come before the President for action thereon.

Intelligence had been received at Monte Video to
the sth of August. The blockade of Buenos Ayres by
the French squadron still continued, and it was the
general belief at Monte Video that it would last for
a long time to come, as the French fleet was attempt-
ing nothing new, and General Rosas preserved his po-
pularity at Buenos Ayres. An account was recently
circulated that a reconciliation had taken place between
the government of Buenos Ayres and that of Monte
Video. There does not appear to be any truth in the
statement.

The Buenos Ayres British Packet states that a num-
ber of the justices of the peace had addressed the Go-
vernor, (Rosas,) congratulating him upon the discovery
of the plot against his life, and on the apprehension
and execution of Don Domingo Cullen, &c. These
communications are couched in very strong and pointed
language, accusing the Unitarians with being the au-
thors of the plot, and denominating them pirates,
outlaws, &c., sold to the French ; and the parties con-
cerned in the addresses declare that they would in
defence of the important life of his Excellency the Go-
vernor shed the last drop of their blood, convinced that
it is preferable to die than to submit to humiliation,
ignominy, and slavery.

The news from Canada is not of much importance.
The Montreal Herald states that the political prisoners
from Upper Canada had not yet arrived, but that they
were daily expected. It is stated that about 30 of the
Lower Canada rebels are to be released on condition
that they remain in the province, and give security to
the extent of £l,OOO that they report themselves once
a month to the magistrate nearest their residence;
failing which, or in consequence of misconduct, the
bail is to be forfeited. On the 27th of September Mr.
Wand, gaoler, was relieved of the charge of 87 pri-
soners, who were convicted of high treason before the
court-martial. Of this number 58 were put on board
the steamboat British America, to be conveyed to
Quebec, and then transhipped on board the Br!.falo
convict-ship. Two, Dr. Brient and G. Levesque, were
liberated on giving securities that they would leave the
province in forty-eight hours, and never come within
200 leagues of any of her Majesty's possessions. The
remaining 27 were required to give bail to a large
amount for their good behaviour for seven years.
The appointment of Poulett Thomson to the Go-
vernment of Canada was producing general dissatis-
faction. The merchants are displeased because he has
always advocated the reduction of the duties on Baltic
timber. The admirers of viceregal pomp and splen-

dour are mortified at the idea of having a Governor
with no higher pretensions than one of themselves—a
Governor whose education, habits, associations, and
very fashion of thoughts and manners, all exhibit the
peculiar style of the " commercial road." It was ru-
moured that Chapman or Revans were to be sent out
in the train of the Governor, as attaches at least. The
hint operated like an electric shock. The Montreal
Herald exclaims, in reference to this rumour, " No,
no, that cannot be; low as the Imperial authorities
may estimate us, that must not be attempted. There
is some blood in our veins yet."

We sincerely rejoice to find that a powerful oppo-
sition is in course of organization against the scanda-
lous and monopolising Dock Warehouse job, which
the grasping liberal faction have attempted to carry
into execution. The Warehouse-keepers have already
come forward to express their sense of the injustice of
the proposed scheme. We hope to see their example
followed by those other tradesmen who will be injured,
if not absolutely ruined, by the successful issue of the
spoliating plans of the liberals. If these gentlemen
should succeed in their jobbing projects, the injurious
effects of their scheme will be felt most severely by the
coopers and the porters, the latter of whom will be
almost annihilated, as the work to be done in the con-
templated Dock Warehouses will be performed by
those only who are to be employed by the corporation.
Again, the carters will suffer the loss of nearly one
half of their business if the proposed buildings should
be erected. Surely, then, these classes ought to com-
bine and co-operate with the 'Warehouse keepers.
The Warehouse owners, likewise, whose interests are
still more deeply
implicated in this matter, ought im-
mediately to convene a public meeting for the purpose
of agitating the question. Whenever they do assemble,
we trust that they will obtain the support and assist-
ance of Mr. William Earle, who, from his attendance
