LONDON GAZ4TTE.-FRIDAY, JUNE 21.

INSOLVNT.
June 21.—Joseph Alexander TaylorE,George-street,llanover-square,
boarding-house-keeper.
BANKRUPTS.
Alexander Douglas, St. Benet's-place, Graceehureh-street, met-
chant.

William
Holman. llertford, slate-merchant.
James Young, Thomas Bracken, George Ballard, James Charles
Colebrooke Sutherland, and Nathaniel Alexander, Calcutta, East In-
dies, merchants.

J(ffinVatas Simpson, otherwise John Simpson, South Sea-chambers,
Threadneedle-street, and Clapham-common, perfumer.
Joseph Morland, Broad-street, Ratcliffe-cross, corn-dealer.
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
Sewell and Bailiff, Birkenhead, Cheshire, painters.—J. and G. Bar.:
eon, Thorney, Cambridgeshire, carpenters.—H. Morgan and D. D
vies, Machynlleht. Montgomeryshire, flannel-maffiffacturers.—J. au°
J. Riley, Sheffield and Chester, china-dealers.—Young and Tyree.
Pillgwenlly, Monmouthshire, coal-shippers.,,,-.11. Pryce and Co., Leal'
enhall-street, and Manchester, merchants.—Camp and Mason, Blen-
heim-mews, Oxford-street, eannen.—J. Kirby and W. sbillingford.
Bieester-market-end, Oxfordshire, woolstaplers.—S. and S. Smith.
Manchester, tailors.—T. Brown and Son, Leeds. iron-merchants.—R.
Hebert. and 11. Salkeld, Bishoprm, te-street-without, svholeside-Ica-
ther-sellers.—S. T. Prohett and T. Ward, Derby, printers.-11, Dior'
,re.su and E. Marsden, Southwark, hop-merchants.—R. Proctor and J.
Howell, Percival-street, Clerkenwill.—W. Shepherd, W. Rolfe, F.
Smith, and J. Carter. Cheshunt, Hertfordshire, manufacturers of
waterproof fabrics.—Thompson and Whitelaw, Prince's-street, Hallo'
ver-rquare.--J. G. Wrench and W. Prosser, Bullow Pill, Gloucester'
shire, dealers In marble.—J. and J. Williams, Houndsditch, copper'
smiths.
DIVIDENDS.
July 15, S. Brrrwnent, Liverpool, watch-maker.—July 15, T. Wit-
ter, Liver.pool, joiner.—July 12, IL J. Winholt, Poultry, stationer.
July 4, W. Wilmington. jun., Milborne Port, Somersetshire.
manufacturer.—July 4,W. Sangster, Holland-place, Lambeth, builder.
—July 4, A. and W. Coombs, Fiennett's-hill, Doctors'-commons, ear-
penters.,--July 15, W. Quinton, Walsall, Staffordshire, victualler.--
July 12, J. R. Beecroft, St. Alban's, Hertfordshire,
July 12: R. S. Pretyinan, Resent-circus, Oxford-street, linen-draPe'•
—July 12, C. Hancock, Hillingdon, near Uxbridge, brick-maker,-"
July 17, W. B. Reynolds, Birmingham, draper.—July 20, 11,
Droitwich, Worcestershire, tallow-chandler.—July 13, C. Cliff, She'
hat-dealer.—June 29, T. Pocock, Speen, Berkshire, sheer
dealer.—July 24, W. Cutlack, Littleport, Cambridgeshire, comino-
- 13, W. Fenton, Belle Vile, Yorkshire, school-master'
—July 19, .1. Battyl, Fulbourn, Cambridgeshire, common-brewer,"
July 13, J. Lea, Braunston, Northamptonshire, coal-inerchant.--Jui;f
13, H. Harrison, Manchester, merchant,
CERTIFICATES, JULY 12.
W. Dickinson, Ewer-street, Southwark, hair-manufacturer.,,
Fenton, High Holborn, glass-dealer.---.J. Anderson, Harp-lane, 1,,,`
censed victualler.--.T. Marston, Market-Raisen, Lincolnshire, surges"'
—R. J. Craneis, Mahlon, Essex, buteher..—R. Whittard, Cheltece
ham and Gloucester, hatter.

Quin was proud, of making everybody in company insensibl
drunk. On one occasion there was a parson in company,
as he had been told, vvas more than a match for the hardics
bacchanalian : Quin was, therefore, ambitious of conquering
the parson. All the company were soon overcome with wi!'l,;
and lay senseless on the floor : Quin was as senseless as 1h
e 1
rest, for he had fallen asleep, but still retained his seat. ,
he waked, he looked with triumph on his prostrate companA°.;
and. as anxious to find the parson among them. but in vain'
he therefore
sump
concluded, that the poor man had been take"' r
and carried to bed. "But" said Quin, ‘.‘ it was a fine stun
morning, and, to my extreme mortification, I saw the Pars°rt,
through the window, bathing his head before a putnli.":""rar
!ors Records.

JtNE, 25, 1833.

iTHEATRE-ROY AL, LIV ERPOOL.

The Mr. Power's Last Night but Three.
Ni7vlNew Dramas of St. Patrick's Eve and.the Nervous Man
nog been received with the most enthusiastic applause on
IndaY, will be repeated To-morrow Evening.
11-lIS present TUESDAY, June 25, willbe performed'the
; favourite Comedy of THE RIVALS.
sir Lucius O'Trigger, Mr. Power; Cap Abso r. Van-
(,.,liihoff; Falkland, Mr. Cooke Acres, tainM r.. wneM.—Julia
Miss Huddart ; Lydia Languish •ss Eyre.
40 conclude with a favourite Drama called th LISH VALET;
LaLain,Orßlun
ders than .
100 ogan
0 (As originally performed by .in London.)
h, EDNESDA 1( will be perfor d (for the second time
wi,” a New Drama, written by Mr. POWER, and performed
ia distinguished success at the Theatre-Roval, Drury-lane,
e 4134 ST. PATRICK'S EVE, or, the Order of the Day. Major
ogherty, Mr. Power, as originally performed by him. To
ip"llelutle with the New Farce, called THE NERVOUS MAN,
utthe Mall of Nerve. M`Shane, (the Man of Nerve,) Mr.
!the as origivally performed by him in London ; Mr. Aspen,
fh Aervous Man,) Mr. Baker.
e New Farce of PADDY CAREY will be produced in a
few days.
*"."--.L.'

zbe Eiberpool tanZiarb.

TUESDAY MORNING, JUNE 25, 1833.

The spirit of combination has reached such an extent,
tind is supported by such diabolical means in
Liverpool,
tks well as hi Minehester, Preston, and numerous other
;was, that it is the imperative duty of the legislature to
;was,
some plan to root out and effectually suppress the
til• If this be not done speedily, there will be an end
Fill
industry in these places in the first instance ; next there
come increased pauperism, and, finally, demoraliza-
tion
and, perhaps, bloodshed.
when journeymen plasterers preiume.so much upon
'eir own wisdom and importance as to attempt to dictate
the ii impose preposterous, and even odious terms, upon
.rr masters, by means of illegal associations and abomi-
,' ble oaths, it is in vain to reason with such men, or
Theirs
to them the language of truth and soberness,
then
is not a combination for the purpose of raising
b l' wages and bettering their condition, for that would
vidao object to which no exceptions could be taken, pro-
e.a it were pursued discreetly and lawfully; but it is
wap°,ll3Piracy to degrade the employer, and elevate the
1,-""tnan over. the head of his master. It is a foolish as
thell as
a wicked conspiracy, inasmuch as it is impossible
allak` any employer of any spirit or any independence can
Itualit to it. It is a conspiracy, besides, in which the
tu°„linall of unsullied: and industrious habits is
cit.." the victim of some political incendiary or discarded
ntl
taillinkard, lazy, insolent, and disobedient, who finds no
Sue
11
ing so profitable as that of agitation, and who, conse-
i' Y, presides over these secret meetings, administer-
n! snrne Vinegar-]till or other Irish rebel oath, and eat-
ate drinkingand drinkin at the expense of those deluded work•
itt-n whom he has trepanned, and whom, of course, he is
'e to ruin.
kielfilese are facts which we most earnestly beg the work-
then. Who are intimidated by these persons to take into
if -It‘
serious consideration. They must know as well,
"t better than we do, that the active. leaders and
ofethnts of these clubs are in general discarded operatives
1,071,.._e very worst character. If there be any class of
in -"en worse than another, they are of the worst class.
)41,4 Position in society, however humble, could they
tlan?„4llY influence but through intimidation—an intinii-
tal Which the well-disposed operative should disre-
aii*"' and which a brave man would despise. It should
ad! he borne in mind that the oaths which these villains
tk'clialster are positively illegal. Every man who acts
itther their sanction commits an offence against the laws
aw °I God and man. If a workman who has been so
a1i(5.11 Were taken before a Judge as a witness upon
aistindictment charging another man with having admi-
tin here(' unlawful oaths, he would be compelled to disclose
PriaGe,,, knew, and in default he would be committed to
If lie should refuse to answer the questions so
he „" Would be punished; if by giving false evidence
8"°111d attempt to screen the accused party, lie would
guilt of perjury, and incur an awfUl responsibility.
tl4k"ese oaths, we are aware, are administered in the
ekt ' after the victim has been led bound through
Passages by a person who is invisible, and whose
ike is dissembled. But this we suspect will not shield
too " Persons concerned. The house, or tavern, or tap-
-4.1' where these.illegal oaths are. dministered may be
teadictd, which we are surprised has not been done al-
b, ; and as the administration of the oaths can be
beifo, the unfortunate landlord would run some risk of
4.0 "A' Bent to the tread-mill, if not to Botany Bay. There
wonl4 be a double expolure in thiS case, for the witness
by 11„klhe ashamed of his own weakness at being so duped
tootile invisible inquisitor, and the retailer of ale would
nifind all his beer sour.
the facts which we have stated are sufficient to justify
kwegislature in re-enacting the old combination laws.
tho:nkt be an act of mercy as well as justice to many
lbeands of families, the heads of which are industrious
p.ye' if these laws were in force at this very moment.
feel! since they were repealed, all peace, unity, and good
40;1,4 between master and operative have been des-
ivhoeg• The master can repose little confidence in men
cheat are counselled and drum-majored, menaced and
inert cl, by the vilest wretches in the trade ; while the
elb en the other hand, are restrained from serving their
thev,ers as zealously, faithfully, and confidentially as
brt: Would do were they not overawed, insulted, and
wheate
n
evil wh... by the incendiaries of the clubs. This is an
h ought not to be tolerated one moment longer.
the e ()nest and well-disposed workmen suffer most from
leasbination ; it is only the indolent and the worth-
W"Iho thriveunder •
(-00,
Work neighbour's expense. He dips his hand in the
qtetlman's
basin—he eats the bread of his hungry chil-
'loth h"e drinks the money which should buy them
bpiti es for winter. To. put an end to this robbery, and
the t the leading conspirators to condign punishment,
fioratar]lament are bound to interpose and protect the
rte a.nd industrious workman from such rapacity and
eouser, •
if ti stnent destitution and demoralization.
are enleplegislature should refuse to interfere, which we
befo_ynodent they will not when the whole truth is laid
teti%tre them
; but should they refuse, then the masters
the'
d.have recourse to such means as the law leaves at
sad it IsP'sal• We know what these means must be,
Btiffer, 18 painful to contemplate the embarrassment, the
But ring, and the misery to which they must give rise.
11;8t1i0 a question of so much vital importance as this—a
eotet n which involves the very existence of the social
ill Pact—all minor considerations must give way, and
labo e eon .
sPiracy be broken up by a general cessation of
441 There is indeed another way. In Glasgow,
Greenock, and all the towns in the west of
' od, there are hundreds, nay thousands, of workmen
keLoalls y uld be glad to accept much lower wages than are
•
ttato • Paid in Liverpool. Their transit hither by the
th„ Packets could be easily and cheaply effected, and
authorities
curse would give them ample protection. This,
oulWould, in the end, tell upon the poor rates—it.
%,,,,Rl.ndi.rninish wages—it would drive the scum of the
apo'l.l°l ations to their native parishes, or to break stories
t° Putt-11! roads; but all this must he done and endured
Ttlitraqt•Q end to the present machinations. In fact, the
ohl R_lon of workmen has already commenced, not
jopttle' tland, but from Liverpool. A score or two df
Pneo masons left this town on Saturday last on
4n waY to Durham where some public buildings are
110 4 erected, and WI;
that ere they expect to find work. We
tilothe masters and the authorities of Durham will
on: Care that none of
th t'
tto the anion the men whom they employ bl
It will be as well to ascertain wee-
th • - eY are
elr any burthen to the parishes in the route of
41t. 4"arch. If th
masters -of Durham do not wish
the ti
aepera.tives to bee contaminated by the principles of
moricashire unions, theywill be on
Ptohab g the their guard against
their men who offer thgm their services, and
opinions.

__........„,„„:„.„_
tirli„,_
111144t.0 men do foolish things, and flounder through ex-
1))1i„ "Is 6y way of excuse, in nine cases out of ten they
tts,it; their position worse—like the fish—" out of the
h!Joh.. R.-pan into the fire." We made, on Friday last,
~,,
ohs .
ithervations on one of those singular exhibitions
jq misled zeal will not unfreqnently bring to View,
14 4.1-1 exposition of the proceedings of a body call-
It3elf th 2 Agency An!i-Slacery Cumiaittee. Mr.

BUXTON and Mr. CROPPER published letters, stating
that this fatnous deliberative and would-be-coercive
body consisted of two persons—Chairman and Deputy-
chairman we suppose—and the Secretary—three very
useful persons at all - meetings. This rouses the ire of
Mr. JOHN CRISP, who sends a long letter to the paper in
which Mr. BUXTON'S and Mr. CROPPER'S letters ap-
peared; and with Mr. CRISP'S permission, we will make
a slort extract from his letter :
‘ " In reference to the letters of Mr. BUXTON and Mr. CROPPER
respecting the Agency Anti-Slavery Committee, I feel it my
duty to inform you, that every memker of that committee was
summoned, and though, strictly speaking, there were only three
present who are really members of the committee, there was pre-
sent, in addition, one .gentleman who was formerly a member,
and who, after a long absenCe, expressed his readiness again to
unite with the committee, and who was, in consequence, pro-
posed and unanimously admitted yesterday, when the resolu-
tions and minutes of the last meeting were confirmed. ( Quere—
by three yr more ?) There were also present three delegates
from the country, and three other gentlemen who are active
and zealous friends of the cause—making the number present
ten. lam thus minute on this point, because Mr. BUXTON'S
0.,d Mr. CROPPER'S letters have been understood to convey the
impression that there were only two gentlemen present."

We are quite willing that Mr. JOHN CRISP and his
friends should have the full benefit of numbers, as described
in his letter; and we ask how much of the ridicule and con-
tempt with which their proceedings are calculated to cover
them will be thereby removed ? That two men, or ten
men, nob Ody knows who, should meet in an obscure house
in the city of London and send forth their dicta and decrees
to the people of England, ex cathedra, on questions in-
volving the safety of nearly one hundred and fifty million
of property, and the welfare of a million of human beings
—themselves, in all probability, in a state of as great ig-
norance of the real merits of any part of the question as
the most ignorant of the negroes whose cause they affect
to espouse—that these things should be, and should be
tolerated, is rather more than can be consistent with what
is due from one man to another in society; and with this
brief exposure of an affair which would be fit only for the
lightest ridicule, if it were not that the public has been
somewhat bewildered by their meddling pomposity, we
shall take our leave of these worthy, perhaps well-mean-
ing, certainly misled gentlemen of the Agency Anti-
slavery Committee, advising them to look after their own
private concerns in future.

The House of Commons, on Friday last, performed
another of those legislative feats which are calculated to
astonish the world and add to the immortal renown of
the first reformed Parliament. They have, as all our
readers know, already voted that a majority of that
house, on any given question, is no decision on the merits
of that question; or, in other words, that the house may
revoke on Monday the vote which may have passed on
the previous Friday, thus declaring that what is black
on the former day is white as unsunned snow on the latter.
They have, accordingly, by these extraordinary contra-
dictions, proved to the perfect satisfaction of their, con-
stituents, that if in that house there be not a vast assem-
blage of dunderheads, who hardly know their right hands
from their left, there are at least a hundred or two ho-
nourable members who have no mind or will of their own
—who, if not fools, are slaves, and who, if not devoid of
understanding, are totally bereft of every claim to con-
sistency and independence.
The affair of Friday, which justifies us in speaking of
the representatives of the people in this complimentary
manner, was that of the discussion on the Irish church
robbery bill, on which occasion Mr. STANLEY, in the ab-
sence of Lord ALTHORP, withdrew from the bill the 147th
clause, which appropriated certain surplus revenues to
other than ecclesiastical purposes. The measure had been
carried hitherto on the assumption that Parliament had
a right to deal with church property according to its so-
vereign will and pleasure. Ministers had not only re-
cognised, but had repeatedly contended for this principle,
to the infinite delight of the enemies of the church and
the united host of destructives. These ratter had, for se-
veral weeks, been congratulating each other that they
had .driven the revolutionary wedge into the very heart
of the protestant oak that they had opened the centre
door of the sacred edifice; that they had led the despoil-
ing mob to the footsteps of the altar, and that they had
only to give the word plunder! and thereby finish the
work of ruin and devastation. There can be no doubt
that ministers encouraged these hopes of robbery and
spoil. They, in fact, were the originators of them, for
their bill was founded upon the iniquitous doctrine that
bishops could be swamped, bishops', lands sold, and the
revenues of the church alienated by a simple vote of the
reformed House of Commons. It was with this antici-
pated havoc in. view that the Roman Catholic members
of the house, the Unitarians, the infidels, and the Humes,
consented to the
,Passing of the Irish coercion bill. Their
covenant with the ministers was, that they were to tole-
rate despotism on condition that ministers would sanction
sacrilege and plunder. The Whitefeet were to be sup-
pressed and the Irish unions silenced; provided that a dash
were made at the. church, and its revenues confiscated.

These appear to have been the terms and objects of the
convention betvveen his MAJESTY'S Ministers and the
O'CONNELL and HUME factions, and which terms and ob-
jects, duly recorded and explained, the reformers of the
House of Commons continued to sanction'up to a late
hour on the evening of Friday last. At that hour, how-
ever, a change came over the spirit of young STANLEY'S
dream. " Charge, Citester, charge !" rung in his ears
like a fearful omen. Some terrible vision had scared the
eyes of the venerable premier, and the whole cabinet was
in a state, of unwonted alarm. At length it began.to be
whispered that ministers were hemmed in by their own
factious engagements, and so situated that they had no
choice between abandoning the obnoxious and spoliating
clause and surrendering their seats, and with them the
charms of office—their salaries. They found that they
must either give up O'CoNNELt and HUME or give up
Downing-street, and, like honourable men and honest
Whigs, they sacrificed the former. The 147th clause was
accordingly expunged from the bill, and the power of Par-
liament to deal with the revenues of the church openly
disclaimed. Ministers have, therefore, been compelled,
however reluctantly, to repudiate their own doctrines, to
break their engagements, to violate their pledges, to dis-
appoint and cheat their wretched dupes, and, what is of
far more importance to them—to retain their places for a
few months longer.

And are we sorry for this ? By no manner of means.
We rejoice to see that some awakening sense of justice,
or some fear of ulterior consequences, has flashed over
their minds at this the eleventh hour of the church's
peril.- In the cause of right they have done a little wrong :
for the sake of their country, they have thrown overboard
the Irish lumber. At the same time it may not be con-
cealed that they have, placed the pliability of their sup-
porters in the House of CoMmons in a very contemptible
light. By these flights of inconsistency and stupidity,
and by aiming to do that which is impracticable, or which
they are afraid to attempt, they exhibit the pledged repre-
sentatives of the people in this their reformed parliament
in a position which would make a mendicant blush. The
nation must now ,si.e 'that thepresent is the most subser-
vient house of commons that ever assembled in St.
Stephen's chapel. Every man of that majority which
supported-Mr. STANLEI in his motion to expunge the
clause had previously resolved "to sanction it. -Twenty-
Tour hours before the hour of eight o'clock on Friday last,
every man of them was prepared to vote in favour of the
plunder clause, and a great majority of them did not
know that it was in contemplation to withdraw it until
the Colonial Secretary announced the fact. What then
are we to think •of such a- house of commons ? What
confidence'can be placed in representatives who seem
absolutely deprived of the power of volition ?—who vote
by a signal ?---=who are arithmeticians after the mannerof
the learned pig ?—and pronounce this to be right and
that wrong, or right wrong and wrong right, without a
moment's reflection; and according to the fiat o f any mi-
nister of the crown? Degradation can go. no further
than this;
,and _we therefore leave them to their consti-
tuents. A new election would be rare sport 1.
By the way; we should like to know how it came to be
contrived that honest Lord ALTHORP was non est on this
memorable occasion. He has hitherto conducted the
bill through the committee, and yet its most important
