CORRESPONDENCE.

APOLLO VERSUS THE ROSS-IN MAN.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDrIRD.

observe the Ross-in " fellow" of the lying Chronicle
has been manufacturing another elegant epistle to fill up his
trashy catchpenny concern. What a pity better employment
cannot be found for this " chap"! L should not have noticed
this midnight scribbler if lie had not dragged in by the heels the
name of the Apollo Club, held at Mr. Holden's, Richmond-row.
of which club lam a member. This impudent "'chap" says
that the " annual meeting the other day" reminds Jinn of an
enquiry he has been intending for some time to make respecting
'' another" Apollo club, which existed a few years ago, and had
a concert in the swing of 1835, at the Adelphi. Now, Sawney,
alias "Chap," when he was penning this statement about
" another" Apollo club, knew well that he was penning a wilful
misrepresentation, or, rather, as Sawney would no doubt prefer
the use of bis own more elegant language, a wilful lie, because
he had been told that "another" Apollo club neither does nor
ever did exist, and that the one held at Mr. Holden's (which
has existed for the last forty years) was the only club in Liver-
pool of that name. As the motive for writing this stuff is well
known, and nith which thg public are in no way interested, 1
will leave himin the hands of the " fellows" who poor Sawnev
says he has been made the dupe of, (save the mark!) who, I
ha-ve no doubt, will soon convey to him the " satisfaction" of
knowing that they have been " cunning enough" to take him
under their own " protection," and will teach him to play a
tune on the Scotch " fiddle," which will convey to him another
specimen of their " musical arts."-1 am, Ste., _ _ .

II OUT 'AWA, MON !
Monday Morning, January 29, 1838.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD,

Si perceive that your liberal contemporary, the Mercury,
continues to harp upon the mistake which the Rev. Mr.
McNeile is alleged to have made in attributing Russell's
Modern Europe to the pen of Lord John Russell.
1 did not hear the rev. gentleman on the occasion referred to,
but all accounts agree that he had the book in his hand, and
no account has dared even to insinuate that there was any in-
correctness in his quotation from it. Of what then is he ac-
cused? of ignorance of the author? Even the Mercury will not
allege that the rev. gentleman CANNOT READ; and with the
book in his hand, he had but to turn to the title page, to see the
author's name. Ignorance of the author, therefore, is out of the
,question.
Of what mistake, then, was he .guilty ? Of none at all I
should think, for his habitual accuracy, even in the torrent of
his eloquence, is quite astonishing.
It is possible, certainly, that on the occasion in question, he
might have made a verbal mistake, for The first time in above
three years. I repeat for the first time, because the eagerness
with which his alleged mistake was caught at, and misrepre-
sented, is proof positive that if any similar occasion had been
previously afforded, it would not have passed unnoticed.
The week before last, the Mercury threatened some editorial
remarks on Mr.' McNeile'a letter to Mr. Cropper and Horsfall.
They have not appeared! I strongly suspect that, Alercut ius
as he is, in wit and eloquence, your "esteemed contemporary"
has found it a tough job; and that he must wait for a congenial
thaw—in his own brains—before he will find himself competent
to answer that admirable exposure of the slavery of popery.—l
am, sir, one of your constant, and edified readers,
A LIVERPOOL OBSERVER.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.
SIR—As a " Dealer in Mops" in the neighbourhood of the
Canning Dock, and an inhabitant of the village of Kirkdale, I
feel the paragraph, entitled " A Kirta Scrub," in your paper
of last Tuesday, so pointedly directed against myself, that I am
compelled to notice it. The fracas therein alluded to did not,
(if 1 read it right,) take place in consequence of an act on my
part, for the commission of which I should blush with shame.
What ! I to assault a lady ! Oh, shocking ! —never did such a
thing in my life-never! except on a solitary occasion, whilst
steadily wending" my way homewards one evening at six. I
was stopped in Scotland-road by a number of the nymphs of the
pave, and forcibly deprived of my gold watch. Even then, in
retaliation, 1 simply bestowed a " point carte" upon the re-
treating " bustle" of one of the fair damoselles.
" Watch ! watch!" 1 cried,—Said she, " Just so !
Stay %here you are, watches were made to go!"
Pray, Sir, do not permit in your paper (which, by the bye, I
purchase for the purpose of burning, so shocking are its ►'oliti-
tics) language only in general use amongst the venders of
" fish ;" and above all, Sir, pray do not render, the same appli-
cable to a party who, be assured, merits not the appellation of
" A Kirta Scrub." **a* ***a-.
