STAFFORD BRIBERY BILL.

Sir T. FREEMANTLE brought up the report on this bill, and
it was ordered to be printed. The hon. baronet „bgave notice of
his intention to move, on the 6th of August, for leave to bring
in a bill for disfranchising the borough of Stafford. (Hear, hear.)
EAST INDIA BILL.

The house went into committee on this bill, and passed the
several clauses from the 58th to the 88th, with the exception of
the 75th, which was postponed.
On the 89th clause, which provides for the extinction of sla-
very being read,
Mr. C. GRANT said he had an amendment of some importance
to propose to this clause. As it stood at present it contained
positive enactments for the extinction of slavery; but as positive
enactments on such a subject might cause considerable difficulty,
in consequence of slavery in the East Indies depending in some
degree on the distinction of castes, and the rights of families, he
should propose that " the Governor-General. in council should
be required forthwith to frame laws and regulations for the ex-
tinction of slavery, due regard being paid to the laws of marriage,
and the rights and authorities of fathers and heads of families,
and to report such laws and regulations to the court of directors
before the Ist of January, 1835, and every succeeding year ; and
that the court of directors should within 14 days of their receipt
lay them before Parliament."
Sir R. INGLIS thought that the amended clause might be still
more amended, not only in reference to the religious, but also
with respect to the temporal interests involved in it.
After some further, discussion, the clause as amended was
agreed to.
Upon the 90th clause being put from the chair,
Mr. 0' CoNNELL opposed it, upon the principle that its object
was the establishment of a state religion in India.
Mr. STANLEY characterised the opposition to proceeding with
this clause as frivolous and vexatious, and said that no new
principle was involved in it; the simple question being, whether
India should be governed by one bishop and three archdeacons,
or three bishops and two archdeacons. The proposed arrange-
ment would only occasion an additional expense to the country
of £lOO per annum.
After' a few words from Mr. O'Connell, Mr. Grant, Mr.
Aglionby, and Mr. Stanley, it was agreed that the chairman
should report progress. The house accordingly resumed, the
chairman reported progress, and obtained leave to sit again on
Friday.
Mr. Monaay gave notice of a motion to bring in a bill to re-
peal the Foreign Enlistment act.
On the motion of Mr. WARBURTON, the production of certain
papers connected with the Deccan prize money was ordered.
The other orders of the day were then disposed of, and the
house adjourned at two o'clock,
