THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

necessary. When the necessity ceased, there was an opportu-
nity to rescind these measures ; and most gratifying indeed- it
would be to those who, from painful necessity, had introduced
them.

Lord CLONCURRY said, he expected the Jury Bill, about to
be introduced into the other house, would do away with any
necessity for the permanency of this measure, otherwise he
would have been most anxious that, even at this time, it shouic.l
be so established.

The bill was then read a second time, and ordered to be com-
mitted on Tuesday. : _

HOUSE OF COIVUYIONS.

WEDNESDAY, FIABRUARY

EVICTION PETITIONS were received as -follows :—against the WIT..
wick election; to be taken int i consideration on Thursday; the 25th
of April ; a petition against the return for Bristol, to be taken into
consideration on Thni-sday, the ,2;itli of April ; a petition against the
return for Carmarthen, to no taken into consideration on 1 hursday,
the 25th of April ; a petition atrainst the return for the county of Lin-
lithgow, to be taken into consideration on Tuesday, tho3oth of April;
a petition against the return for New Sarum, to be taken into consi-
deration on Tuesday, the 30th of April ; a petition against the return
for the Stirling District of Burghs, to be taken into consideration on
Tuesday, the 30th of April ; three petitions against the return for
Warwick, were ordered to be taken into consideration on the 7th of
May ; a petition complaining of the election for the South division of
the county of Northumberland was ordered to be taken into consider-
ation on Thursday,. the 28th of March ; the petitions against the re-
turns for the borough of Bury. St. Edmunds, tor the eastern division
of the county of Norfolk, and for the city of Lincoln, to be taken into
consideration on Thursday, May 2nd.
The &BAKER informed the house that, since he had taken the chair
'he had received a letter from Sir John Beresford, stating that it was
not,his intention to make any defence against the petition presented
against his return for the borough of Coleraine, the order for the con-
sideration of the petition was conserently discharged. -. •
PETITIONS were presented :—against Negro Slavery, from It4,druth,
by Mr. PENnmivas ; from Idle, in Yorkshire, by Mr. Sinn:KLAN')
for the better observance of the Sabbath, from two districts in the
county of Derby, by Mr. STRUTT ; from the Wesleyan Methalists
a district in Yorkshire, by Mr. STRICKLAND ; from Gravesend; . by
Mr. Donnas ; for the abolition of tithes, from several places in Dssory
by Mr. FINN

he clearly saw that whilst,.on the one hand, relief was held out,
on the other arbitrary measures were to be put into execution.
I Mr. BEAUMONT looked at the present as a struggle between
the member for Dublin and English good sense • and he was
sure that the hon. member for Dublin would find himself by no
means so powerful as Englishmen. He had to deal with a peo-
: pie more educated than the Irish, and less hurried away by
I passion—a people who attended to the dictates of reason, and
examined before theY decided on which side justice lay. The
• English people felt indignant at the idea of despotism, but they
would take this view of the case—that this was not the imposi-
tion of despotism, but the substitution of despotism—that it was
the removal of the despotism of the lion. and learned member
for Dublin into the hands of his Majesty's government. A
proper time wonid come for expressing his sentiments more
• fuhy, Ile now felt himself called upon as an English member
to notice what had fallen from an Irish member.
Mr. Riciinens lamented that ministers did not take a large
and comprehensive view of the affairs of Ireland. He thought
too much importance was attached to the agitation of the hon.
and learned member for Dublin. He would in vain seek to
agitate if the grievances of the people of Ireland did not make
them ready to listen to any one who held out to them a pros-
pect of redress. (Hear.) 'lhe most oppressive of these griev-
ancei was the abominable system of extorting tithes for the
support of a church in which the people had no interest. He
saw that the tithes were passing away from the clergy in Ire-
land, and he did not wish that they should pass into the pockets
of the landlords; on that account it was that he had given no-
;ice of a bill to invest the tithes in the hands of trustees for the
benefit of the poor, and in so doing he conceived that he proved
himself not an enemy to the church but a friend to the poor.
Mr. MAXWELL said he concurred with his Majesty's minis-
' ters in the Measures of coercion which they contemplated for
Ireland, without which he was convinced tie:re would be no se-
curity for life. or property in that country. He was sorry, how-
ever, that they were accomicT,pied by a measure to which he
must offer his most:strenuous -opposition : he meant church re-
form. Ile must oppose that measure, because he conceived
that it would be destinctive to the church in Ireland—which he
was bound, and which that house was bound by the articles of
union, to support.. '
Mr. GRATTAN remarked that the question had not been an-
. swered whether or not it was the intention of his Majesty's
ministers to arm the new courts with the power of flogging.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, with respect to
the question which his hon. friend had put to him, he must beg
to say that nothing could be more inconvenient than to answer
questions as to the details of a measure which he should have
to explain hereafter; when that measure was brought regularly
before the house. But his hon. friend might rest assured that
no power would be giYen to the courts martial as to punish-
ments which was not now possessed by civil courts. There
would be no power of military punishment. With respect to
the question whether the whole power possessed by civil courts
should be given to the courts martial, that was still to be de-
cided, whenever the measure came before the house.
Mr. SHELL rose for the purpose of setting the house right.
The petition had been sent to him at the close of last session,
and it adverted to measures then announced to be iu contem-
plation. If it was not to be regarded as applying to the mea-
sures now in progress, he could only say that if such indigna-
tion was expressed at strung measures of last session, what
would be the feeling of that part of the people of England re-
' specting the measures now proposed?
Major BEAUCLERK said he should feel it his duty to oppose
the threatened measures. He believed that his Majesty's mi-
nisters had none but good intentions towards Ireland : but, as
he had some experience in courts martial he was bound to tell
his Majesty's ministers that a worse court to try political cases,
or cases in which party prejudice might operate, could not be
formed; and he knew that the officers of the army thought so.
Young men just come from school or college were not fit to
try political cases. He was sure that the effect of the measure
would be to separate Ireland from this country, and to plunge
this country in misery and bloodshed.
Mr. T. ATTWOOD feared that greater objects than the collec-
tion of tithes were aimed at by this tremendous measure, and
that English blood would be profusely shed in our forcing it.
The fear which oppressed his mind was that measures of the
same kind would hereafter be directed against England, and
that the Irish militia would be brought over to bayonet the
people of this country. He felt it his duty, therefore, to ring
the note of alarm to the people of England. When they were
driven to desperation, as he feared they would be, and forced to
take legal measures in their defence, he believed that the same
system would be resorted to against them. .Let the members
of. that house, therefore, take care that in suporting these mea-
sures they were not forging chains to be rivetted round them-
selves.
Colonel PERCEVAL regretted to hear a gallant officer deal so
harshly by courts martial. He had sat upon many courts
martial, and found the members of them disposed on all occa-
sions, to giire a merciful consideration to the case of the
prisoner, so far as they could do so consistently with their oaths
and duty. With regard to the measures of his Majesty's
ministers, he must say that if they did not go the length they
did, it would be better not to have legislated at all, for nothing
less would give protection to life and property. But he must
deprecate the spoliation of the church.
The petition was laid on the table.
SITTINGS AND BUSINESS OF THE HOUSE.
The order of the day for resuming. the adjourned debate re-
specting the sittings of the house having been read,
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved a set of resolu-
tions for its regulation, upon which a long discussion ensued;
and ultimately the following arrangement was agreed to :
" That this house do meet every day, except Saturday, or such day
as shall be appointed for election petitions being taken into considera-
tion, at 12 o'clock at noon, for private business and petitions, and do
continue to sit until 3 o'clock, unless the business be sooner disposed
of." The house divided ; ayes 133 ; noes, 5.
That when such business has been disposed of, if before 3 o'clock,
or at 3 o'clock precisely, notwithstanding there may be business
under discussion, Mr. Speaker do leave the chair without putting any
question.
That business thus interrupted be taken up again on the next sit-
ting day, as an adjourned debate, in preference to other business of
the same kind.
That Mr. Speaker do resume the-chair at 5 o'clock.
" That if a house be not formed before a quarter-past 12 o'clock, for
the sitting between 12 and 3, Mr. Speaker do then take the chair, and
count the house,. and if 20 members be not present, do adjourn the
house till 5 o'clock ;
~and in like manner when the house is to meet at 5
o'clock, pursuant to adjournment, if the house be not formed before
a quarter-past 5 o'clock, Mr. Speaker do then take the chair, and
count the house, and if 40 members be not then present do adjourn
the house till 12 o'clock the next day, unless such day be Saturday,
in which case Mr. Speaker do-adjourn the house to Monday at twelve
o'clock." 1
That when Mr. Speaker resumes the chair at 5 o'clock, or a house
is formed at 5 o'clock, pursuant to adjournment, the house will imme-
-1 diately proceed to the business of the day as set down in the Order-
book. •
That committees have power to sit from ten o'clock in the forenoon,
and have leave to sit during the sitting of the house.
That this house do meet un Wednesday next, at twelve o'clock, pur-
suant to the said resolutions.
That a select committee be appointed at the commencement of each
session, to which shall bereferred allpetitions presented to the house,
with the exception of such as complain of undue returns, or relate to
private bills ; and that such committee do classify the same, and pre-
pare abstracts of the same in such form and manner as shall appear to
them best suited to convey to the house all requisite information re-
. soecting their content fla same from time to time to
noose ; thwt slum. reports uo m
of signatures to each petition.
And that such committee have power to direct the printing in exienso
of such petitions, or of such parts of petitions as shall appear to require
it.
That the following be members of the committee :—Sir Robert Peel,
Mr. Hume, Mr. O'Connell, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Colonel Davies,
Mr. Littleton, Mr. James Oswald, Mr. Clay, Mr. George Wm. Wood,
Sir Robert Inglis, Sir Richard Vyvyan—tive to be the quorum.
That the t3ergeant-at-Arms attending this house do, from time to
time, when the house is going to prayers, give notice thereof to all com-
mittees, and also at five o'clock, when the Speaker has taken the chair ;
and that all proceedings of committees, after such second notice, be de-
clared to be null and void,
Oana'as AND NOTICES.—That in this present session of Parliament,
all orders of the day set down in the order-book for Mondays and Fri-
days, shall be disposed of before the house will proceed upon any mo-
tions of which notices shall be entered in the order-book.
THURSDAY.
NEW WRITS were ordered for the election of members—for the city of
London, in the room of Robert Waithman, Esq., deceased ; and for the
northern division of the county of Southampton, in the room of
Viscount Milton, now Earl Fltzwilliam.
PETITIONS were presented :—against nocturnal legislation, from Fal-
kirk, by Mr. Git. Lox ; against negro slavery, from Burlington and
another place, by Mr. P. B. THOMPSON ; from Ballyragget and another
parish in the county of Kilkenny, for a reform of the grandjury system,
for the extinction of tithes and church-rates, and for the restoration of a
domestic legislature, by Color; el BUTLER ; for the repeal of the corn-
laws, from 4000 inhabitants of the borough of Leicester, by Mr. W.
