WRECK OF THE SHIP "ATHABASCA."

The following Report of the Marine Surveyor on the above
melancholy occurrence, was this day read in the Dock Commit-
tee, and directed to be inserted in the Liverpool papers.
By order,
DANIEL MASON, Secretary.
Dock Office, April 19, 1838.

MARINE SURVEYott's OPFIcE, April 18, 1838.
had the satisfaction of including in my last Monthly
Report the alertness of our Life Boats on the 224 and 23d
ult. I have now to report that our Western Life Boat, " Point
of Air," has signalized herself in rescuing the Crew of the Sloop
Elizabeth, on the 16th instant; and in most persevering exer-
tions to save the Crew of the ship Athabasca of Whitby, Stephen
Nesfield, master, one mate and twelve seamen, which was ob-
served on shore at the back of West Hoyle yesterday morning,
the twat succeeded in reaching the inner margin of the bank
when half a mile of dry sand extended between them and the
Ship. To haul their boat over was impossible, but the boat's
crew calculated upon launching onward two smaller boats
which had been driven upon the top of the bank; they proved,
however, to be both stove. The boat's crew then proceeded to
the line of breakers which divided them about 300 yards from
the wreck, from whence they counted nine men. The only
'chance left was to pick up any one who might come ou a spar •
through the breakers, or force the Life-boat through the surf as
soon as the tide had risen sufficiently; but when this occurred,
the long extending breakers threatened instant destruction, and
obliged them to bear up for self-preservation; and, at the time
of my information closing, Mr. Dawson, of Gronant, was re-
freshing them, and, by every means, stimulating another at-
tempt, on the turn of the tide, in case any one of the forlorn
crew might be able to cling to the wreck over which the sea had
been making clean breaches.
During the unavailing exertion of the Point of Air beat, the
Hoylake Life-boat had failed in reaching the same position,
where, however, she would have been equally cut off from com-
munication. Whilst these combined efforts were but imper-
fectly known to us in Liverpool, it suggested itself, that if the
Magazine Life-boat would be towed out to the back of West
Hoyle she might succeed. The unreasonableness of expecting
any boat to stand the breaching of sea which the weather side of
West Hoyle bank presents in a gale, and which was overwhelm-
ing a ship front 3 to 400 tons, or that she could exist under a
towing process across a furious sea for 15 miles; all was lost
sight of for a moment, and Captain Chappell, R.N., acquiesced
in the mail boat rendering that service; fortunately, however,
the Master of the boat at the Magazines saw the insurmount-
able difficulties, or we might have to add eight more seamen to
the loss of the day, however laudable the design. And it may
be judged, Sir, what was to be contended with, when Mr. Perry,
agent to the Dublin Steam Company, told Mr. Willis, (of Chap-
man and Willis,) and Mr. Tomlinson, (of Kerr, Imrie, and
C 0.,) that not one of their steamers would leave the port on the
usual voyage; and on being pressed to allow a vessel to tow
out the Life-boat, alluding to compensation, Mr. Perry said,
" If five hundred pounds were offered, he could not entertain it
after the consultation he had had with one of their experienced
commanders." I should also observe, Sir, that Mr.' Willis
' consulted the most persevering of the Steam Tug Masters, and
he held out not a shadow of hope or practicability. I refer to
these particulars of anxiety to send assistance to the distressed
ship, even in the face of two other Life-boat stations in the re-
gion from Liverpool, in order to mitigate the lamentation we
must all labour under, but which would be unspeakably aggra-
vated if an impression existed, that more could or ought to have
been done, or by systematic arrangements of the establishments
at either the Magazines, Hoylake, or Point of Air, enough had
not been provided for. Without, however, anticipating this
fatal case as being on the defence, I consider thus much and the
following due to the Dock Committee, and a community whose
humane sensitiveness is proverbial; therefore it may, in propor-
tiou as my opinion (and exertions to render this part of my
charge efficient) may be esteemed, tend to disabuse the present
excitement, if 1 assert upon the conscience, and experience,
and feelings of a brother sailor, that, if the Life-boats had pos-
sessed capacities hitherto unheard of, and had the facilities of
the most powerful steamers been at command, nothing time
could have been done; for to have towed any boat to the wea-
ther-side of the bank (supposing it possible for any boat to have
lived under the operation,) would have been positively sending
a boat into in.slabi destruction ; in fact, the case was one of
utter helplessness, and defying all or any succour. The obser-
vations of a west active officer and seaman, Mr. Sherwood, of
Hoylake, are thus :—" The ship (being dismastedy was not seen
till eight a.m., four hours' ebb: the Hoylake boat was on her
' way full manned in seventeen minutes; tbev reached that part
of the Welsh channel (never daring to go di.wn Helbre Swash
to the weather side of the Hoyle) abreast of Point of Air, at l t
a.rn,; they rowed on till abreast of Pipeclay Gutter (hoping to
do at least what Point of Air boats had done) they were obliged
to anchor, and only gave it up when the wreck was completely
covered, and the bank outside would not afford protection."—
' He adds, " I never on any occasion saw the crew more active
and persevering to save their fellow-men." -
It will impart some of the reconciling feeling I entertain, Sir,
if I state, that in the last three years this is the only case of our
boats not succeeding in that which they have set out about.
And this case will appear to any gentleman, as to me, an impos-
sible one, it he examines the chart I now lay on your table, with
the tracks of the boats and the position of the wreck. On the
other hand, you will perceive, S►r, by a counterpart of' the Life-
boat return, laid before the Committee at the close of last year,
that our boats in 1836 assisted 23 vessels and saved 66 lives; in
1837, assisted 9 vessels and saved 9 lives, in no case failing in
reaching a vessel once seen in distress, or a single person who
would avail himself of their presence.
I am, Sir, with much deference,
Your obedient Servant,
H. M. DEN HAM, Capt. R.N.
Marine Surveyor.
To the Chairman of the Dock Committee.

P.S.—S;nce the foregoing, Sir, I am informed that the effici-
ency of the Life-boats as to the rapacity and fitments, and sort
of crew has been impugned ; and that had the Point of Air boat
been of better construction, she would not have failed by filling
and becoming water-logged. To this I have only to reply, that
the Boat did reach, and dwelt for hours at the spot purposed to
be reached, and where no other Boat would have lingered,
longer, or have outreached; and so far from tilling, retarding,
or dismaying the efforts, she returned again, though the tide of
flood hail done its devastating work. With reference to the
crew, the thirteen at Hoylake are hardy boatmen, so the eight
at Magazines. The eleven at Formby are boatmen and fisher-
men by nature, 1 may say—all the be;t characters in the neigh-
bourhood! ,Whilst the Point of Air Crew, of eight, have be-
longed to the boat long enough to make them boatmen, (inde-
pendent of their amphibious habits,) the least time served by
them being five years, and the two-thirds of them eleven years
—all of the best character, and who never flinched or failed
where possibility presented itself, and lest it may be a assumed a.
failure on the 22nd ult., when the crew of the sloop (Swan, of
Glasgow) at anchor, two miles of Ithyl, saved themselves—
seven in number—in their own Boat, from the atvantage 9t ha-
ving to run to leeward, whilst the Life-boat was endeavouring to
go in the teeth of the wind and long surf. 1 have to advance
every reason of exoneration that a seaman can require, if enough
is not herein combined.

H. M. DEN HMV.

1,,,, 0,
c 7 v 7
0
. I ~.....A....,
.4
74 i 72 CS) :si 744
. I
0' 4 , ;.,
E. ;, •,;
1 ••••,..A......\
c, ,
O
-v •
• 0
F
O 3:3
0 , . r...
:._ - •,,.
.-.
.
. v. 2. :.., LCD 41
< .1 41 41
..... a,
... ....on ..........-
t.-';* -..., i 1.: g -' 1 24 icf ,4
.1
O. 3
—41,-......;,;tzi.'• .
c I )•-•,. . ~ ..-c ~, E in r-
-0 - ....• ,".`•0
~61 4" , K
.2 :.., . ~..., --I. ~_-; ,0 . 5 .; ii- m
.:- 0?
- . - •A - ,m, '-' a, o. • = a, -
fs a, ,a ,- c, ,a . c•-•-• ---, a; I , . -
as -,
- .1. a., c.) :
WI ,
-0
a, L. „.;
Et co o co ,
73' l'
?." 0, a '
0 E•••.
0 = X4l
.< (.....A-40"\
Z! • c.O
.-4
= .- 7.,.•
..,, ..,,,, ....
i?. g ~,.. _. bC i: ~.. N
i 7/
• .4 a, 2. 1, -0
.... ~.. r-F t ~; ti,
- ~..
. x . c....c..,...- 0 c
.'
0;;;;E-.:-_yi'"Z.
~.. P tt y. . , I •-.
:..1.--, .- •-' oyy 0 kf: t", •-• t',o 0".
.2.,,-- O a. '.r
C_
. --**— ,--.:-..-_, c•-:
44 --, . 41
C---, z . ~.. •;,
....; _ c 1,-,
- —.
~',-;.,•5A-5.-E:t..s,;'So.
....
O
Z " ...„
..".: I r.. 1 0-.. 1•4 ...
r$
04,
------------•_.
- • '
„_.
0 Z.; f* ~..•
S. in g
•
C• 0 E. cZI
, •••- ,I --, .-4
• • • • •
7) •• • • •
z• • . .... •
11.•) W. •<1 :
.-• I : . •••• ,
E. • . ili '-', ' .=
Z' F
•-•
g
F-• •••.• -,-... ...

c
15 'I

Vie tiberpool estanttarb.

TUESDAY MORNING, APRIL 24, 1838.

The Publication of the STANDARD commenced this morn.

ing, at 6 o'clock.

THE ANTI SLAVERY MEETING.-It will be seen that
the advocates of "immediate emancipation" held ano-
ther meeting in this town on Friday last. We have
given in another column a brief report of the proceed-
ings. Before we proceed to offer any remarks upon the
speeches delivered on this occasion, we must express our
deep sorrow at the frequent agitation of this question.
The discussions which have recently taken place in refe-
rence to the determination of the apprenticeship system
in August next are calculated to produce the most alartn-
ing effects. The violent language so often indulged in
by most of the speakers cannot fail to create a spirit of
insubordination among the negroes. The stimulating
expressions uttered at these anti-slavery meetings will
be carefully retailed to the negroes themselvesby parties
who are interested in exciting a spirit of disaffection
among them. The denounced planters also will, in all
probability, be tempted- to measures of a retaliatory na-
ture, and thus the very consequences deprecated by the
anti-slavery agitators may be brought upon the objects
of their apparent. sympathy. We do not hesitate to say
that much of the real sufferings of the apprentices is
owing to the injudicious and ignorant zeal manifested by
those who assume the popular character of "the negroes'
friends," and that they are answerable for many of the
evils upon which so much eloquent declamation is wast-
ed. What is more likely to make the negro discon-
tented with his present lot, which few will say is not
much better than that of the English labourer, than to be
constantly told that his master is a tyrant, and that he is
entitled to his freedom in consequence of the non-fulfil-
ment of certain conditions on the part of his owner ?
What, again, is more likely to tempt the master to re-
sort to measures of cruelty titan to have unjustly int-
puted to him atrocities of which he feels himself to be

P t, 44, IS3

perfectly innocent, and to find that the confidence of those.
whom he has treated with kindness and indulgence has
been alienated from him by the slanderous misrepresen-
tations of itinerating demagogues ? _ .

In perusing the various speeches delivered at the anti-
slavery meetings we might imagine, unless previously
informed of the contrary, that no change whatever had
taken place in the condition of the slave—that his chains
were still as closely drawn around him as ever—that he
was still (loomed to the prospect of an interminable
bondage—and that the British Parliament had never in-
terfered by any enactment on his behalf. But what is
the fact? Slavery is actually abolished ! There is now
no such thing as slavery in any of the British cOlonies.
The negroes are all emancipated, and only placed in a
state of transition for their own good. It would be as
absurd to call this state of transition a state of slavery as
it would be for any one to designate the stipulated ser-
vitude of an English apprentice as a condition of bond-
age. But it will be said, that the negro has been invo-
luntarily bound as an apprentice—he was no party to
the agreement which binds him. No more is an appren-

Lice boy in Great Britain. His parents render his servi-
tude compulsory. The government of this country has
done the same in reference to the negroes. We are,.
therefore, bound to say that it is improper to call sub
meetings as that of Friday last "anti-slavery" meetings.
They are properly anti-apprenticeship meetings, and tl.e
promoters of such meetings are not one whit better em-
ployed than if they convened a series of public meetings ,
for the purpose of compelling every master in England
to give up the indentures of his apprentices before the
latter had fulfilled the respective periods of their servi-
tude. It would be just as rational and just as appropri-
ote to call the latter a " righteous cause" as to apply
such a designation to the anti-negro-apprenticeship sys-
tem. It is absolute nonsense to say that we have a right
to demand the immediate release of the negro from the
control of the master because the latter has neglected to
fulfil the conditions of the deed of indenture. Such a
plea would certainly be admitted in a court of justice as
between master and apprentice, but not if the parents,
the contracting parties, were cognisant of, and gave their
approbation to, any deviation from the strict terms of the
original agreement. Such is precisely the case of the
negro. The government of this country, acting thepart
of a parent towards the negro, has sanctioned all the de-
viations which may have been observed in the conduct
of the planters from the strict terms of the emancipation
act. No one has, therefore, any right to require from
the planters the surrender of their claims upon .the la-
bour of their apprentices.

It may be, and has been, alleged on the part of the
anti slavery agitators, that it was an act of injustice to-
wards the negroes, and unnecessary in itself, to compel
the slaves to pass through a state of transition. It is.
contended that they ought to have been completely
emancipated at once. We have already said that they
have been freed from their state of bondage, and we
maintain that it is for their own benefit that they should
be subjected to the intermediate state of apprenticeship,
as a preparatory step to the assumption of all the rights
of citizenship. We are fortified in this opinion by the
recollection of the sad results which attended the aincon,
ditional and premature emancipation of the negroes in.
that flourishing island, St. Domingo, " whose exports,"'

to use the words of an intelligent correspondent of the
Standard, "at one period were equal to the whole Bri-
tish colonies united, but which at the present day is not
only unable to supply the wants of other countries, but

is reduced to the necessity of importing the staple article
of sugar, which, with common industry, has been indi,
genous to the soil,' for its own consumption." The
same writer, in tracing this unfortunate change to its
source, remarks, " I maintain that this great retrograde
movement in the prosperity of St. Domingo arose en-
tirely from the effects of freedom acquired prematurely
before society there was in a fit state to be able to appre-
ciate so great a blessing, and to apply its industry to,
promote and uphold the general good. The revolution
which they effected for themselves, although they raised
their independence as a state, has tended to degrade and
place them on a scale of misery and poverty as abject as
their condition is irretrievable. And yet," he proceeds,
" with this sad example before us„ Britain is asked by
the wild theorists of the present day, not only to risk the
freedom and moral welfare of the British negro, and the
property of the planter and the English merchant; but
the very existence of our colonial possessions the firm--
est support of British power'—is threatened and in dan-
ger from the machinations of a reckless class; who hesi-
tate not to force on our notice their philanthropic, but
mistaken and erroneous policy, at the expense and-sacri-
fice of. justice and the experience we have ham
other states."

It may, perhaps, be urged that such direful conse-
quences have not uniformly characterized the sudden
transition from a state of slavery to a condition of perfect
freedom and independence. The example of Antigua
may possibly be brought forward as an instance in which,
the Negroes have proved' their capacity for the enjoy-
ment of such a change with credit to themselves and
safety to our colonial possessions. We deny the rele-
vancy of such an argument. The slaves who obtained a
sudden manumission in Antigua and elsewhere did not
need' the restraint of the intermediate state of apprentice,.
ship. They have been long since prepared for the change
which has taken place in their condition. They had
received a religious education—the best possible prepar-
ation for the enjoyment of freedom. They were, more=
over, less under the influence of those passions which'
have been engendered among the Negroes of Jamaica.
and other colonies. by the injudicious interference of
itinerant philanthropists.
It is a singular fact that almost all the agitation which
has arisen on the subject of the abolition of the Negro
Apprenticeship system has owed its origin to the partial
and interested reports of some half dozen individuals,
whose evidence must be considered as invalidated by
their strong and insuperable prejudices against the.
planters. That our readers may know how to appreciate:
this evidence we shall just examine the mode of proceed-
ore adopted by Mr. Scoble, one of the speakers who
figured in the meeting at the Amphitheatre. Of this
gentleman it is almost sufficient to say, in order to show

the value of his testimony, that he went out to Demerara
in the capacity of "Secretary of the British Society for
abolition throughout the world," So he styles himself
in a letter which we find in the Guiana Chronicle of
October 13th, 1837, addressed to the "Committee of the
American ANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY." In the letter to
which we refer he says that he went to British Guiana
"for the express purpose of forming an opinion on the
condition of the Negroes under the apprenticeship sys-
tem." We do not know who or what Mr. Scoble is in:
his private capacity. We do know, however, that he.
utters rank nonsense when be says that he went out to•
Demerara "to form an opinion" on the working of the.
Emancipation Act. He went there with his opinion)
already made up on the subject. He went there for the'
purpose of fishing for evidence corroborative of his pre-
conceived opinions. But while we are treating of gr-
Scoble we cannot resist the temptation to transfer the
following portrait from the Guiana Chronicle.

Mr. Scoble says in the commencement of his letter, that, 00
his arrival here, he was attacked by the Press, and designated
as "the Alderinanbury Spy" and the "arch enemy of the co-
lony." And what else, we would ask this gentlemen or his
friends was he, or has he since proved himself to be ? Di& he•
not come here as the paid envoy of a faction, whose avowed °l).'
ject was to induce the British government to break a solemn
compact by abolishing the apprenticeship;—and, when here,
did he not prowl about the colony everywhere sowing sedition,
and everywhere infusing disaffected principles in the winds of
the negroes ? Did he not visit, and receive the visits of, the
apprentices by stealth at night, and then inculcate doctrines .
subversive of peace, and tending to nothing but discontent and
disorder? Did he not, we repeat, do all this—and then we ask,
are not the terms, unsavoury as they may he. of "hired spy.
and enemy to the colony," well deserved and fairly earned .
Mr. Scoble, however, has indulged in a little of the " tra-
veller's licence," in saying that his person was threatened in
this colony—this is a gratuitous falsehood, uttered in the cant-
ing whim so fashionable with his party, which cannot fail to
make a hero of bins in Aldermanbury all the rest of his days;""
and therefore his end being so far gained, he cared little for the
truth of the assertion.
In describing the horrors of the apprenticeship system, Mr•
Scoble says that " labour is compulsory now as ever;. the otly

PIIIL 24 18• R.

r <<-.~

. .
ilifferenass.einir that where asform erlrt hec•art-whip,th chains,
and the stocks were tile implements used to extort it, the cat,
the trealmill, and the dark cell, have been substituted; and ill
the hands of the special justices, are found equally effiCacious in
sectiritig.that object." Fellow-colonists of British Guiana, we
.
ore will not attempt to draw the picture of such a vile calumniator
as this; but we will rather present you with that drawn of him
by th?government print of this colony. 11r. Scoble, says the
Gazette,' is a man whose character is " of the niost'dignified
and unexceptionahle stamp"—he :is one "whose philanthropic
exertions in the Cause of injured humanity; have made him an
object' of ieneration," &c. &c. Such are the lineaments of Mr.
John:. Scoble as drawn by the ' Gazette'—we leave our readers
to detect the likeness to the original where they can find it.
But, 4r. Scoble's.princild charge against the West India us
—a charge too in which he includes the special justices—is, that
the labour the special justices exact by such means as the law
allows is compubdry, The labour of the apprentice, to a de-
finerfextent, is th:;ropeirty of his employer as much is as Mr.
Scoble's hat or coat. The magistrate, in assuming office here,
swears to act with justice and impartiality to all parties, if,
therefore,' the negro refuses to make the rendering of that labour
"compulsory." If the food and clothing of a, new o are illegally
withheld, the magistrate never fails to make their being ren-
dered "compulsory," why then is he not to act with equal ho-
nesty to the Other Harty ?

In one part of the letter to which we have alluded as
emanating from Mr. Seoble, we find the following extra-
ordinary language—" the Governor of this splendid
appendage of the British cro.wii=Sie James Carmichael
Smyth—has distinguished himself by the vigilance Kith
which he has, generally speaking; watched over the
rightS of the apprenticed laboUrers, and the humanity he
has endeavoured to infuse into the adminit4ration of the
new'hitherto, kOicever, the demon spirit of sla-
terhas'prod too strong even for him : and all that he
has'ben enabled to do has been to curb its excesses and
to restrain its fury." Now, our readers will remember.
reading in the STANDARD a short time since a dispatch
from the late respected Governor of British Guiana, in
which he strongly. deprecates the interference' of the
British legislature with the Apprenticeship system, and
in which he represents that system as working to his
perfect satisfaclion. Whose testimony shall we receive,
that of Mr. Scoble or that of the Goveitior ? Who.had
the best -meatiS of " forming an opinion," the one who
bad only the advantage of a fi-w days' sojourn as a spy
Demetara of the one that; had the benefit of a pro-
tracted` residence as the'stipreme administrator of the
iavv:? Which is the more competent witness ?

We must dilinctly repeat our assertiim -that all the
charges btouglingainst the •West Indian planters and
colOnial legislatures rest upon the unsuppOrted, partial,
prejudiced, and self-contradictory evidence of Messrs.
Bturg. Lloyd, Palmer, Seoble, and Co., who were each
and all mere or less interested in making out a strong
Ease in favour of the Negroes. It is scarcely necessary
for'Us to add that these poor enthusiasts deri7ed almost
all their information respecting the working of the Negro
Apprenticeship system from disaffected, idle, and menda-
ciouA negroes, and from characters whose testimony
would be at once rejected in a 'British court of justice.
It is really too much that the feelings of the British peo-
ple-13hould-be excited Upon such very insufficient gr'ounds.
It is toonmUch that their sympathy Should be-so power-
fully awakened by the recital of purely imaginary
grievances

THE WitHCK of HE ATHABASNA.—This melancholy
currenec; by • which 'thirteen individuals have met a watery
graie; almost close to verpool, is exciting much interest and
inquiry in the town; -tit it has been broadly asserted, that if
fitting exertions had been made, the lives of the unfortunate
Crew wighthase been saved. We have been induced to make
tome inquiries on Abe subject amongst parties well qualified to
form a correct jitaginerifupen it, and we have also closely ex-
amined the rekti OE Captain Denhatn, and the publiilied copy
of his eliart, and we must confess thaCour firm 'conviction is,
that the lives orthose thirteen men riiiht, and ought to have
been saved. We will just inquire what are the facts, and then
leave our readers to, judge,- whether gross pusillanimity, and a
talking Rf impossibilities, without a. proving of them, have not
characterised the conduct of the life-boat clews and their di-
"etoill;°itiol whether a disgraceful callousness to the sufferings
of thiri'een of their fellow-creatures does not attach to those in
ftutilority in Liverpool who ought. to have exerted themselves
for:weir
preservatiOn, tut who coolly satisfied themselves with
)°l49to,.and talking Of the impossibility of exertion. Cap-
tain Denhatn, in his report, after stating that the Point of Air
Isle-boat had succeeded in Teaching, the inner margin of the
Welt: 1104 lAank, nu the outer or weather side of which the
AtlYMAPACat6treelied, procee.(ls to talk of the impossibility of
hoist Over hiilf a mile of sand, and 'then latttichin4
it Aram other side, and states that the only chance was to force
the-life-boat through the surt. which "threatened" instant
destruction as soon as the tide had risen sufficiently over the bank.
We have examined the map to see bow this statement is, borne
nut, and we find that the Point of Air life-boat teached the
batik,' which is high and dry, at the inner side. The wind being
dead'onthe bank from the north-west, it would act as a weather
guard to the life-boat in its then position: We therefore cannot
See the impossibility of hauling the boat along the bank side Un-
der the wind to the gutter to. the north
_of Pipeclay Gutter, in
Which there was no surf to speak of, through that gutter to tit .
weather side of. the bank, and,,then along, close in shore,
through the surf opposite to the wreck, which, not being. three
hundred yards out, "We laugh at the impossibility" of a
stout and courageous crew not forcing a boat, that would live
through any surf, for that distance. But no; this was
never tried. It was impossible! and the crew of the life-boat
'contented themselves with landing on the bank, running across
it to the edge of the surf on the other side, and "watching" the
Poor wretches in the rigging of the wreck, to see if any of them
should be shaken off and cast ashore. And there they " watched"
till the tide rose and covered the bank and overwhelmed the
ship, and then the gallant life-boats' crew retired to their boat
and returned, satisfied that they had done all that was "possi-
ble.., Neither do we conceive the impossibility of towing the
Hoy lake life boat through Pipeclay Gutter, and along the
margin of the surf, on the weather side, to:the wreck. A com-
mon hauling line and three or four wen, on West Hoyle Bank,
We imagine, would have found it possible enough. .But we have
now reached West II eyle, and have the life boats' crew standing
at the edge of thesurf, within3oo yards of the wreck, " watching
it." Where were the rackets for casting a line across the
wreck, and thus forming a communication between_ the bank,
arid the wreck, which they ought to have had. Was there-.any
impossibility in casting a line 300 yards, in the teeth of the
Wind ? Lieutenant Carte, of Hull, who visited Liverpool six
Months ago` to exhibit his line rockets, proved that there was no
difficulty in casting a line a much further.distance in the teeth
of any gale. Then why was the life-boat unprovided with so
essential a requisite? We leave those who eight to look after
the efficient fitting out of the life boat establishment to answer
the question. Had the,Point of Air boat been, as it ought to
have been, furnished with line rockets, we do not hesitate to.
state that every life might have been saved from the wreck.
The resiensibility then lies on thOse whose neglect did not
Provide, them.

uaptain Denman, in the next place, notices the suggestion
made at Liverpool to tow the magazine life-boat out by means
Of a steamer, to the weather side of West Hoyle, and then let '
her drop with the wind on to the wreck. He then proceeds in
a strain, which, to.the merest tyro of a sailor, must appear ab-
surd, to talk of " the unreasonableness of expecting any boat to
stand the breaching of sea which the weather side of West
Doyle Bank presents in a gale, and which was overwhelming
a shin of 400 tons, or of thinking she could exist in a towing
Irrtieess .dyer -a furious sea of 15 miles." Again we have the
talk. of ‘.‘ impossibility," without any. proof. 'l'o the question
°I. unreasonableness in expecting a boat to stand a sea which
'194: overwhelauting a ship, we answer—the ship opposed a
I.til resistance' to the waves, being aground, and therefore they
(liiited fleet:her; a life-boat would float on their curare, and
therefore would not be " overwhelmed." To the second
Point, we - ithiwer—that if a life-boat will nut stand towing
through a furious sea of fifteen miles she is .unworthy the
name of a life-boat: or if this were so great a difficulty
w4y, not at once have carriedthe life-boat on the deck of, the
steamer. Captain Denham then assumes that even tho- tow-
iTIR of the life-boat could not be accomplished because the
bhtilih Steam. Company would not allow one of their steamers
t;go: Why ask theni at all for a steamer after the offerof
ehl,taia Chappell to lend the mail-boat for the service ? And
"i)! Waste time with making pecuniary offers for other steamers;
'"711 the government steamer was offered to them? And why
"t atonce have availed then.ielves of that offer and tried the
Pci"ibility•Or not of towing' the boat? But no;'' those who
(,',uglit to have acted satisfied themselves with talking of the
ti'POSSibliit-V " of the attempt, the possibility of which they
never essayed to' prove. To the disgrace of the authorities 'of
LiVt: •
P
rpool be it said, that it was known n the town so early as
11i!"le o'clock on 'Tuesday morning that thirteen of their fellow
creatures 'were in'the rigging of a wreck within a few miles of
the town, expecting every moment to be their last, and yet not
"ne sinqi, fifr,rt beyond mere talk, was made to attempt their
r ene but the poor creatures were callously lift, suspended.
between
life and death, till three or four o'clock in the day,
wl6ll4ath put au end to their sufferings. Captain Denham
t,ll'
13.0!‘„t6 sendin,_, of a life-boat to the weather side of the bank,
" iltiNai ' • ' . .. .
liar ~, ent to sending the crewto instant destruction ; whilst a
84.(;,.6,t0w he speaks Of the crew of the Swan sloop saving them-
w es ib their iier'itteat, " be,:aase they had to run to leeward !"
,_ would not that be the exact situation of the life-boat if it
" no 96 ~ - , , .
tog.o.36tov,:dout? It *....,:u.,1 turn only have to go with the

wind and the surf, and run to leeward; and surelyakny life-
boat is as fit to fide tkrimgh.i. suit as a shiop's tioat! Captain
Denham vouches for the efficieney-of the life-b Oats. Why not
have tried this plan then? If the Magazine life-haat had been
towed out, we can see no impossibility of its drifting on to the
wreck, and taking off the crew; and if it had, been found im-
possible to get the life-boat through the surf on its return, it
could have drifted on to Hoyle Bank, and there all the crew
and the shipwrecked sailors mitt have landed, gone across the
hank to the Point of Air life-boat Which had reached the
other side, and thus have escaped. We cannot see the impos-
sibilityof this if there had been any well concerted arrange-
ment, and there was time enough in all conscience for it. But
no; it was "impossible," and- the attempt was never made.
May the proper authorities; however, gather some experience
from this melancholy event, and for the future have provision,
ready for every similar emergency. Let us hear no more of
life-boat stations without line rockets; and, for the honour of
manhood, and of Englishmen; let us hear no more of untried
"

PUBLIC 'DINNER

LIVERPOOL TRA'ESTIEN'S ASSOCIATION

SIR FRANCIS BURDETT, BART.

Last evenin4 a splendid banquet was given by the Liverpool
Tradesteen's Conservative Association, in honour of the now
tried friend of real conservatism, Sir Francis Burdett, at the
large room in Lucas's Repository. We shall endeavour, as
briefly as possible, to give a description of the dinner-room and
its arrangements. The room is of an oblong square of consider-
able length.. A table was set down the whole length of one side,
which, towards the centre:was slightly raised. This raised
table was the principal one, at which sat the chairman, and in-
vited guests. To this table, at tight angles across the room,
were placed twelve shorter-tables, each capable of comfortably
seating 40 persons: these, With the long table, thtis afforded
ample accommodation tor 500 persons, the number dining;. At
the centre of the prinCipal table was placed the chairman's seat,
in front of which, testing on the table, was a massive and ele-
gant gilt triumphal arCh, surmounted by a great number of
diminutive satin flags„beat;ing a variety of inscriptions in gold
letters. The chair was siirmounted by the crest of Samuel
Hitline, Esq., the president.of the Association, and to the right
and left of this were the beeutiful silk flags of the St. Anne-
street Ward Conservative Association, one of which was pre-
sented to the association by the ladies of the ward. Beyond
these were two old. loyal standard flags, having inscribed, in
geld letters at the bottom, the majorities of Lord Francis Eger_
ton and the lion. Richard Bootle Wilbraham at the late elec-
tion for South Lancashire. Over the entrance of the room were
liags bearing the inscriptions,,in. gold letters, " Sandon and
Cresswell for ever !" "Church and Queen," " Lords and Com-
mons," &c. At the opposite-end of the room were the flags of
the Conservative Operatire'Association; St. Peter's Ward
Conservative Association, &c. Opposite to the chair was the
irnagnificent flag of the Tradesmen's Conservative Association,
bearing, the inscription, in gold letters, " Our free and glorious
constitution, Church and Queen, Lords and Commons." To
the right and left of this were the splendid flags of the South
Lancashire Association and the old royal standard. The flags
of the Pilots' Conservative Association, and other flags, decor-
ated the room elsewhere-. The principal table was most ele-
'gently and magnificently stt out with a complete service of
plate in solid silver. A nuMber of superb and costly ornaments
were also on the table : theSe -were decorated with rare flowers,
and sonic of them bore plates of strawberries and cherries, the
first of the season The whole arrangement and getting up of
the, dinner reflected the highest credit upon Mr. Horne, the
celebrated caterer.- Sainuel Ilolme, Esq., the president of the
Tradesmen's Conservative Association, occupied the chair, and
Joseph Cooper and William Wilkinson, Esqrs. acted as Vice-
chairmen. To the right of the chairman sat Sir Francis Bur-
dett, M.P.; Sir George Sinclair, M.P.;, C. Lawrence, Esq.;
William Garnett, jun., Esq.; Robertson Gladstone, Esq:;
Thomas Sands, Esq-; Benjamin §Ldler, Esq ; John Shand,
Esq.; Thos. Berry Horsfall, Esq ; J. N. Wood, Esq.; and
'l'. M. Gladstone, Esq. To the chairman's left sat Lord Maid-
stone, M.P., Lord Sandon, M.P.; William Garnett, Esq.;
Rev. Jonat ban Brookes.; Duncan Gihb, Esq.; T. S. Leigh, Esq.;
George Grant, Esq.; John Moss, Esq. ; Todd Naylor, Esq. ;
A. Smith, jun., Esq.; G. H. Lawrence, Esq.; J. A. Tinne,
Esq.; F. Glazebrook, Esq.; and - Hall, Esq., of Warring- 1
ton. In various parts of the room were sat other influentia
individuals of the town. Very excellent accommodation was
provided fur the "gentlemen of' the press,": .1 representatives
of the great public out of doors, for %chic n our part, have
to tender out thanks to the committee of management.

The dinner was.announeedto be on the table punctually at
six o'clock. and was so in teality ; as a banquet, we have seldom
been at one where everything was better served and more ex-
cei,ent. The dinner was first-rate, and served hut: and the
wines were excellent.

The well-known glee-club singers, under Mr. Holden, were
in. attendance, and over‘the entrance a band of music was sta-
tioned.

The room was eery brilliantly lighted with gas.
About a quarter past seven o'clobk, the etoth having been
withdrawn, "Non Nobis•Domine" was sung, and
•
The Cit A inn.; proceededlo give the first toast. He said,
the first pleasing duty whicb'devolves upon me is to call upon
you to, display your regard for our youthful and interesting
sovereign,' I trust she m 4 be long spared to reign over a con-
tented and happy people. And as the most glorious epochs of
British- histOry a:e connected' with feniale reigns 1 allude to the
reigns of Elizabeth- and Anne, may those brilliant epOchs.be
surpassed by the reign of Victoria. (Cheers.) I trust that our
young and interesting Queen will never forget the Protestant
principles which • placed het ancestors on the throne (cheers)
of these reaims---7principles which alone can render that throne
secure. (Continued cheering.) -I beg, therefore, to propose to
you " the' health of the Queen," and in this country we usually
drink it as " the Queen, 'the Duchess of Lancaster." The
toast was drank with three times three. •

Glee—" God save the Queen," which was loudly cheered at
its political allusions. - ,
The CHA►entn-N.---I beg now to propose to you the health of
another distinguished lady, not more illustrious in private life
than she was when she grasped the 5, eptre and sat upon the
throne. - I beg to give you "The health of her Majesty the
Queen Dowager," and with it I will couple " the rest of the
1i.0%al Fam►ly." The toast, was given with three times three.
Glee.—" t 1 y dear mistress." •

The CHAIRMAN said, the next toast upon mylist is one which
I always give with peculiar pleasure, because it is invariably
greeted with your heartiest applause. -It is "The British Con-
stitution in Church and Stare." (Great cheering.) . That cOn-'
stitution, gentlemen, had need be strong to have withstood the
nostrums of nohtical quacks which have of late been administered
to it. But it is strong because it is founded on the affections of
the people, mho feel that their interests are identified with it.
(Hear.) That constitution may have to sustain reiterated at-
tacks, but I feel satisfied that those attacks will fail, if only the
middle class* continue inerinjunction with the higher classes,
and the operatives go hand in .hand to stipport it.' (Cheers.)
One of the main bulwarks of our constitution is our established
church; and for one contend that the state is more benefited
from its connexion with the church than the church is benefited
by its connexion with the state • and I contend that the church.
would exist as an apostolic Mal episcopal church. if it were not
connected with the state. (Cheers.) And I likewise corrtend
that the _stal, would soon he in a galloping consumption if it
were' not for the moral infliience exerted by the church. ( Hear.)
If religion be good for an individual, and for a family, ;And for
a couqnuttity,'„why 'is it' not good for a state ? And if the
monarchy of a country to be considered as in the light
of a great lam ily, it. has this duty to provide for the reli
gions wants of that vast.' family, and more especially for the
wants of those who are Lou poor to provide it for themselves,
'Far be it front me to say anything in disparagement of the tem-
ples raised by our dissenting brethren—far. be it from me to. run
downt he voluntyry systeni, I wish we had more of it in the
Church of England a§-ahatiXiliary; but I can never consent to
it as a substitute. But. whehl find such an appalling fart as I
openly prothulgate here, that there are 65.000 persons in Liver-
pool. and. more than:, 8:),(X)(lin Manchester destitute of accom-
modation for religious worship, what has the voluntary system
done for them ? I sartheintlernen'that to abandon a cer-
tainty for an uncet tainty, or to trust anyining to chance in so
momentons,aconce rn is nothing less than the greatest absurdity,
I believe the State'varri'niit 56'6U-rely exist without being connected
with a s,:riptural church, atid'ltrust that the Church instead of
being dissevered from it will he indissolubly connected with it.
I therefore beg with thesefew -remarks to propose to you, " the
British constitution in Church and 'State." The toast was
given .with three times three cheers: The' musical bells, here
struck up with a very ple,rsing and novel effect "hark the meiry
Christ Church which was loudly applauded.
GLEE. -="
smiling morn." .

The CHAIRMAN said, I now Be;; to propose to.you a portion
'
of the most valuable class of men in her majesty's 'dominions,
and who,' humanly speaking, hold in their hands the destinies
of tbis,.empire;.• for, if' they be. faithful to their trust, the lamp
which contains the sacred flame of truth, will burn without.
flickering, and 'infidelit y willnot be able to quench it. (Cheers.)
Need I say Lallude tt& itre.:Bishop and clergy of this diocese.
(Great cheering.) And if anything. gentlemen, were wanting
to enhance the pleastiri' that' I feel in giVing it. it is to see on
my left hand, our respetetetl—our excellent rector. (Continued.
cheering.)
The Rev. .Rector utioxs- then rose amidst -the most
enthusiastic cheering. CHAIRMAN and gentle-
men;, it is well known, .1 am sure, that, holding the situation
which I have the honour to fill in this town, it has not been in
my general liabits.to,miA myself up with political discussions.
Not because I am not aw are of the importance of the subject ;
not because I think it 'unbecoMing-the profession of'Which
have the honour to be a taember, to maintain.-manfully. those, •
principles which they. th ink most conducive to the best inter-
ests of the constitution of their country ; but-beepuse I would
leave it to abler handsj and.to those to whose.more peculiar
province it belonged. (Bear.) I shall endeavour,. sir, in the
few observations that I have to make, in acknowledgine. the
toast, which You have had the kindness to give from _the t
to keep as clear as I cal from the asperity of anything like
party, and to direct these observations more particularly
to the circumstances connected with the church to which we
belong. Rut before I do S 0,1 would offer the best acknowledg-
ments on the part of the bishops and the clergy, not only for the.
toast which you have given. but for the sentiments with which
You have been pleased to accompany it. and to those around me,
for, I may say, the enthuiastic manner in which they have
been pleased to give it. Sir; the form in which that toast is
given, is peculiarly adapted to the constitution of our church
for in the expression of the bishop and clergy is implied the
gradation of ranks. (1168,-r.) Now, sir, religion is impottant
to all ; it was intended for all, it is required by all. Whatever
situation a man may fill in 14e, it is the only safeguard which can
lead him to'the faithful diseharge of his duties. (Hear.) It Ought
then to • be brought home to the business, and to the bosoms
of ail; and how can that. be ;better done than by adopting the
gradations of its ministry lo'ithe gradations of society ? (hear)
—by supplying men who arejitted to cart y its holy influences
info the palaces of the rich es well., as the cottages of the poor,
(hear, licar,) who shall cheitk. the presumption in the olce,

which would place too. strong a reliance on ear, lily distinctions, by
elling Them that they have a master in heaven, awl by cheer-
ing those iu the other rank, trimse It is fatten upon the rough
paths of life, with the cheeriii, prospect of that future slate
where those distinctions shall cease for ever to exist. ( Hear.)
Sir, if t hes, were the (oily reasons he only grounds upon which
the constitution. of our church tlid rest, in my apprehension, they
would he powerful ones. But we have still a higher authority
which would lead to the adoption of that constitution in the writ-
ten word of God, for, (I pass over the firsidispensation, in whit-h
the gradations of rank were rigidly observed, from the high
priest to the lowest serviture -in the temple,) when we come to
the establishment of Christianity, we find, in the orgauization
of the Christian church, the same orders of men that. exist in our
own were there established too, of bishops, priests, and dea-
cons—( Hear.) Now, Sir, surely, then, a church that is found-
ed both upon reason and upon scripture is worth some efforts
to endeavour to preserve—(Hear, hear)—and more especially.
I should say, as when, in addition to that, it is endeared to us by
so many interesting recollections, and is so intimately connect-
ed with the best sympathies of our nature; for we cannot forget,
Sir, that at its founts our forefathers were first, and forages have
been, dedicated to the service of theit Redeemer : at its altars the
most sacred engagements of social life have been contracted ;
and around its hallowed walls their ashes now rest in peace till
they shall be called to a future existence. ( Hear, hear.) Sir,
as a minister of that church, it is a most satisfactory sight to
me to witness that array of respectability and of influence
which 1 now see around me, associated for the very purpose of
preserving these revered institutions under which this country
has so long and so successfully flourished, and has arrived at
that height of national glory and of moral eminence, which has
been equalled by few and surpassed by none. (Great cheering,)
It is gratifying at that period when our church is undoubtedly
made—for we cannot shut our eyes to the fact—the special ob-
ject of attack ; when men of various shades of opinion in.
politics, and professing directly opposite principles in religion.
seem to be joined only for one purpose, to endeavour to. pull
down her strong-holds, and to erase her name.from the rational
records. ( Hear, hear.) I say, sir, it is gratifying to see such
a body- as this arrayed in her defence, coming -forth to protect
her in the hour of danger, asserting their firm resolve,:that in
this respect the laws of England shall not be changed, that the
altar and the throne sball not be separated from the constitu-
tion of this country—that the church shall still 'Judd:out the
warning voice of her illustrious example to all the world in
. asserting this great truth, that religion is the only safe tie of
moral duty and civil obligation; and that the state which prri,
vides for the temporal, and yet ,neglects to provide for the spiri-
tual wants of its subjects, is sadly'deficient both in its duties and
in its attention 'to its interests, (Great cheering,) Sir, I.must
again • thank you in expreSsing my. acknowledgments for the
way in which you have been pleased to notice the clergy of the
diocese, and at the same time to conclude with expressing my
hope and firm conviction that the holy zeal which you and
others have shown in our defence, will be met with a corres-
ponding feeling on the part of the clergy, and that it will act as
a stimulant to a more faithful discharge of those more respon-
sible duties which they weie• called upon to fulfil. The Rev.
Rector sat dos n amidst great and.general cheering.

.4,,,
The CHAIRMAN next proposed "the: 'Arm,y and rvavy.-, '
~
Given with tnree times tnree. ~..,,
..„ ..
_ .

The CHAIRMAN after a few preliniiiiliry and• appropriate oh;
serrations proposed "the nealth tif 'Sir Francis Burdett,"'(Great cheering), and if they would permit him to reiterate it
former expression, Ire hoped he would be long spared as a brilli-
ant example of what an English gentleman ought tobe. (Loud- •
cheers.)
Sir FRANCIS BURDETT then rose amidst long continued and
most • enthusiastic cheering. Ile said, Geutlemen, it really '
is with the most perfect truth and' he most total absence of all
affectation, that I declare to have no language. adequate
to express my feelings for the • manner in which you have!!
received me in this great and intelligent town of Liverpool, or •
that can at all convey to you how much-I not only feel gratified,
but how I feel encouraged to carry on the warfare which
we are now literally engaged in—(cheers)—with all the !enemies
whoever they may be, or under whatever denoMination, or
whatever flag they may choose tomouut for the occasion, against
the laws, the constitution, the church, and the institutions of
this country.—(Cheers.) Gentlemen, it is a time when there
is no room for so narrow a consideratitin as party polofcs: it is
a time when risen are' 'bound to come forward at all risks and at
all sacrifices, considering one object alone without any view of
party or private connexion, and with the view only of•maiutain
ing-that glorious constitution which has for so many hundred
years existed, with more or less imperfections, and under which
this great country has arrived at a pitch of honour, glory, re-
nown; and happiness, to which, I am proud to say, no other
country ever did arrive. (Cheers.) Gentlemen, we shall not
he persuaded to part with all these real and substantial blessings
for any fanciful notions, and silly and presumtuous theories,
which may be!brought forward by self-styled philosophers, whe-
ther with honest or dishonest intentions—Olearo —still less
shall we bow or pet mit the head of Englaud to bow to the miser-
able coalitionthat base coalition, the most disgraceful that
this country:ever presented to the eyes of a wondering and dis-
appointed nation, an administration of England fe league with
the popish faction in Ireland—(laud cheers)—against the sound
and rational principles of English freedom and of English
Gentlemen, it has been welt and convincingly told-
You by your worthy rector, of the insecurity of the voluntary
ssstem ; and that it is of the utmost importance to society to hare
an establishment.. And if we are to have an establishment of
religion as our only nicreal control—if we are to have what our
forefathers al aat ys united together, religion and liberty to go
hand in hand;—religion and liberty and property, which are
the thrtie grand groundworks of the English codstitution—these
we are bound to -Maintain. We have an administration which
seems to be willing to give up one strong hold after another,
fur the sake of temporary convenience, to palliate immediate'
difficulties, and for the purpose; as I must consider it—they, no
doubt, think it otherwise—they think, very likely, that their
remaining in office is identical with the salvation of the coun-
try-ss(lood laughter).4and, rno doubt, on that motive, they
sear over their own consciences, or, at least, as it has been
well said, "nature deceiyes•herself," and they persuade them-
selves, when they are -acting on principles of the most
selfish kind, that they are acting with the most broad and
enlightened intentions, and the sublimest patriotism (Con-
tinued cheers.) Gentlemen, I have before me a number of
enlightened men tti whom 1 can have nothing to tell which they
are not perfectly aheady acquainted with. I cannot presume
to think that they have not weighed this in their minds, at least
as well and with as much consideration as I have—Gentlemen
who, I am sure, have exhibited f!tilings which Ishave not,the
presumption to attribute to myself alaneS-but whiki'are:ilue to
the principles of the constitution of the country Whichl support;
and which, Gentlemen, you support, and give your approbation
to; therefOre I feel that there -is little 1-e onlcl have to address
to you which you have not already well censidered—t heti need
not attempt, for yon.dor not at all want to have your zsal called
forth in support of tlojse•institutioes which every Englishman
will support who loves the institutions of his country. There-
fore, Gentlemen, it is that I now address you mote to express
my own feelings it' gratitude to you, and, at the same time, par-
taking with you in that firm determination which you
show by your warm reception of me, to support all that
is dear and valuable to our country. (Cheers.) Gentlemen,
to talk of what has been done by the present adminis-
trillion would iudeed be to talk of nothing;—(laughter)—dud
what is more, the only thing that appears clear to me is,
that they are incapable of doing any thing else. (Continued
laughter.) Gentlemen, I should say to you, if you were not a set of
enlightened and constitutional Englishmen, attached to all the
institutions of your country, which you are—if you were any
other description of persons—if you were any other sort of per-
sons holding different politic-al opinions—were you radicals or
any other class of persons you would choose to name—l should
say to you, were you all radicals, for God's sake let the country
get rid of' an administration which is incapable of doing any
thing. (Cheers.) If there are great schemes to he carried into
e ect, (I speak now to radicals,) if there are great alterations
required in the fundamental institutions of the country—altera-
tions which, as Englishmen, you think are required—you may
be mistaken in your political opinions—hut I believe you feel
that to carry them into effect is for the honour and happiness of
your country—you wish, at least, your projects to be carried
into execution, and, therefore, if you do, in God's name, at least,
fill the government offices with some people who are capable .of
carrying those projects into execution. I should, therefore,
say, supposing I was a reformer, not content with the reform
that has been obtained—supposing that we hird obtained no
reformation I should say I am against the present administra-
tion because I ant reformer, and becausathey are entirely in-
capable of constructing any plan or measure until it has tinder-
gone the alterations and suggestions, and, in soine shape or
other has been licked into form, as it were, by those opposed
to them in politics. (Great cheering.) But, gentlemen, we
have nothing to fear in England, I have had the good fortune
and the pleasure, (for• I never past, a pleasanter time in my
life than I have done within the last fortnight,) to become more
'intimately acquainted with the feelngs of the populatinn of this
part of the country. (Great cheering.) Gentlemen, when I
set out-Opou this tour, upon what my horolurable friend Sir
George Sinclair near me, has been pleased to term " our
north-ern circuit"—wheu I commenced it I assure you I had
no more idea that I should have been enabled to undergo it
than I have now that I should not be enabled to do ten times
as much.—(Cheers.)—when I left !London, certainly not an
Englishman, nor the ninety-ninth part of an Englishman, but •
in a state of great debility, and against the strong remon-
strances of my physicians-1 set out on this only determina-
tion of having pledged myself to undertake or to accept an
invitation from a number of. persons that I so highly esteemed
—the operative classes of this city—for the invitations which I.
received were from them alone—in the outset no person had any
thing to do with them but the operatives.- I said, let me be
ill or -not on the liad,
.1 will do what an Englishman ought to
do—his duty—l will do the utrcost that I can, and if it is plain
.aud apparent in the eyes of my countrymen that I have done
-so; 1 know that I shall notrinly- not Ineerwitlireproach, but
from them and my country I, shall meet with all the generous
enthusiasts with which. they greet a man when they see that he
is resolved and determined to do his duty.. (Great cheering.)
But, gentlemen, with the: blessing of God it turned out other-•
wise. The medicineschist with which I'Was loaded, 1 have
-never opened. I have donanone of the things which the doc-
tors prescribed, and I have the, good fortune tnfind. that I have
got better front day to day; and whether it is that cordial of the'
mind, which is administered--to those who, under the blessing
of Providence, firmly beliei,ie that. they are doing whatis right
—(cheers.)—or from whatever other cause, by travelling, or
by the society with which I have mixed-such society I ven-
ture to say, in a similar; class, is riot:to be found io any other
country on the face of the-earth,:lsam notable_to determine,
(Great cheeriug.) I have travelled through the great maim-
! facturing population of•the country,of whom .1 had really
entertained different notions, and hail no idea of the worth
and intelligence and good conduct and propriety of those •
persons whom 1 have tints met. To me it has been a matter of
the greatest gratification, and has raised in me the strongest
hopes thatcan be entertained—nay, the certainty that this great
country' will survive every difficulty and storm. My intercourse
with this part of the population has also taught me to put still
further confidence' in the good sense and the good beasts of my
countrymen. It has been cheering and gratifying to us that
fill over these great • manufacturing districts we have met with
nothing but what is cheering to see, in
.beholding persons pur-
-1 suing that path of duty—painful as it may be—which it is ne-
cessary for them to adopt. With respect to Englondbi
sti:
we
edre
! sake, and so- would its be with regard to Leland if Ireland was
Ireland—if it were not for Popish priests, Misleadiog
people, otherwise-welidisposed. (Cheers.) But, gentlemen,
that is the weak point, and that is the difficulty. It is this on.
natural junction—this unnatural union—this leaped alliance—
this conspiracy of Litchfield House Ilkween popish priests anti
agitators, that the peopis of this country have to bearup against.
(Loud cheering, and cries of " trite."). Then, gentlemen, what
' we have to do is to unite hand and heart with our fellow-protes-
tants in Ireland. I alwass..was in favour of the Emancipation
Act as it was absurdly called, because I thought it not right
for the catholics• to he excluded from political rights on ac-
!coma of their religion, and because in this conntry we have
always conceded to Dissenters every_right and every privilege
that other men enjoy:. so I thought we should do in Ireland ;
and I must say that the liberality of our church has always been
anxious to tolerate and foster every thing which was not entirely
opposed to it. In Ireland I thought suchivould be the case too;
but I little thought that measnrevould produce so little Irene-
I fieial effect. 1 little thought that the people of Ireland, through
i•the means of their great. agitator, were stating what was re-
quired. And when we reflect can the uegociation which took
place on this, sul!ject, Which was to be. so gratifying to all, and
was to iiraduce good will and good felloWship between England

THE LIVEAPOOI, STANDARD.

and Ireland-,-whott
.I, saw,,that slopes was that step gained
'and given into, not from the bullying of the Catholics, as they
anaintaie, but from the generosity of the Protestants of Eng-
, laud, it'. the persuasion that they were dealing with bead fide
ani morest persons, who would . rest satisfied with what they
asked faraed had granted to them : it is not the bullying and
bluster at the Corn Exchange, 'in the other side of the water,
that would have ,kreighed.one feather in forciug the people of
England to make such a concession. But a concession was
made to their claims, which was to be, as we thought, a full
settlement of the account—way, 1 should rather say, a g,nerons
doriatiou, where nothing- was due. No sooner had we secured.
this concessien to them than thee say it is nothing bUt an in-
mahout ! We cannot deal with people who fall back in this
way, and talk of instalments, and we should stop at the first, and
never grant another. .(Loud cheering.) Butafter all that was
said, *hat did Mr. Daniel O'Connell think of Ireland ? What
did he think of the miserable tiriest-ridden population—ignorant
and seperstitions to a degree of which the people of this country
could not dreaM or conceive—but I may give a tolerable con-
ception of it when I state, that he thinks it necessary to fall
down on his knees before a popish priest? You may suppose
what is the mental supremacy and the dominion of the popish
priests, when he thinks it necessat y to do such an act as that, so
humiliating to human nature, to effect his base purposes by
their means. But lam fur doing justice to Ireland, and
would have justice done en Mr. O'Connell himself—(tremen-
dous cheering ;)—but he has always by some trick or
other evaded it. But when talking of Ireland as he does, and
leaving nut of his consideration the Protestants of Ireland—
leaving out the property and the intelligence and the real im-
portance of Ireland—for I say that the Protestants of Ireland,
though they are only a million and a half, and he says the
Catholics are six millions and a half—hut I say that the one
million and-a half outweigh the six and a half; it is not numbers
alone that weigh but property and, independence of mind. If
they were left to themselves the Protestants of Ireland would
retain English connexion, aye, and would teach the Catholics
of Ireland-to obey the laws of the country. (Great cheering.)
Henry the Sixth .1 think it was who said to the constable of
France, before the glorious victory of Agincourt, "your num-
bers are so and so—l have but a small number of persons—we
are dusted.and fatigued by marching—we have not a feather in
our host —no trumpery or finery—l hope we shall not fly; but
I tell the constable that upon one pair of English legs there
stand three Frenchmen." (Cheers.) I think upon one pair
of Protestant legs walk ten Catholics. (Great cheering and
laeghter.) And now it is mortifying to see, I believe as brave
a set of men is ever stepped the earth—as honest and true to.
England, as glorying to add to England's renown, whoconsider
it their greatest pride, to be reckoned as an essential part of-
England—to see theSe persons slighted and discouraged in
every way, and to see the Popish priests raising their
insolent heads -and insulting Protestantism in• that eoun-
try excites in me a disgust which I have no language
to de-scribe. But we will not fear the hearts of Protestant
Irishmen, upon whom such atrocities have been committed,
who-are literally now through intimidation and one trick or
another, cheated °Oha fair representations of the part coining
to their, lot; but notwithstanding that, and the proceedinga of a
dastardly administration, their hearts are still the same—their
hearts are 'with us, and depend upon it, that if things are to
come .to extremities, protestant England, protestant Scotland,
and protestant Ireland -will never stoop. (Enthusiastic cheer-
ing which drowned the conclusion of the sentence.) Gentlemen,
I have a very comfortable consolation in my own mind, I think
.1 have seen enough:of the agitator of Ireland, who agitates, it
'seeing, whenever his purse is low. • (Cheers and laughter.) He
. had the honour of being-presented at court to our Queen, and
then had-the good taste to go to a public meeting and talk of her
majesty as if talking ofa foolish wothati. He goes to Ireland ;
He finds-that won't do. He must talk another language there.
The Irish talk of coming from Carthage. They certainly are
Tyrians in one respect—they are double tongued—(cheers)—
and he certainly is Tyrian in one respect, he talks English on
one side of-the channel and Irish on the other. First we are
told that our youu Queen is to be dragged over there to have
an Irish reception. But whatdid he say in his very last speech at
the Corn -Exchange, Dublin, which by the bye, I think is rather a
paltry concern, though it sounds. so great? ( Laughter.) He
recommended to their notice a pamphlet, entitled " Reasons of
a-Reformer fur changing his Opinions with respect, to the
Inhabitants and Politics of Ireland," which was calculated to
give information as to Ireland. I trust that it will do good on
that score, because ,I am persuaded that it is the natural gene-
ral good feelaag of my countrymen, and their love of liberty
that frequently misleads them. They, go on false notions, and
they don't reflect that Englishmen have been habituated to these
principles—that they are rooted in the minds of Englishmen,
-and were so in the minds of our forefathers, as far as memory
can retrace; they have been actuated in this'country by the prin-
ciples of liberty and justice, and that is the distinguishing
characteristic of England. They are liable, therefore, to be
misled, when thus depending upon principles of that kind which
are dear to their hearts—when the sante principles which they
would introduce into Ireland are utterly impracticable, and can
produce nothing but mischief instead of the good they would.
desire and anticipate. We must, therefore, be upon our guard.
But we have only at present one grand duty to perform, which
we are now performing in meeting one another, in understanding
one another, and in being able to rely upon one another in
cases that might arise; then I trust that men of rank and all
ranks in _England would unite in forming one body. It is
absurd to say that one rank is more important than another—
there is no rank in this great country, which is not in
itself, 1 would say, distinguished, if you would compare it with
any similar grade in any other country ; but taking it altoge-
ther it is a mighty whole one prodigious building of civilization
which like our great building and architectural proof of genius
and talent, St. Paul's, is all in its due order and form, and is
altogether one of the grandest spectacles that the human mind
can contemplate. The hon. Baronet sat down amidst great
cheering, drinking the healths of those assembled.
Snug by Mr. Holden, " The Fine Old English Gentleman."
The CHAIRMAN said, the next toast in the list, I am sure, will
not be received with one whit less enthusiasm than any which
have preceded it. It must be a source of regret to all, that the
delicate state of health in which one of our-members is' placed,
has preventetlhis attendance among us. I treat 1 offer no dis-
paragement to the memories of those distinguished statesmen,'
when say 'in reference to the business of Liverpool, and the
attention which the noble laid on my left has paid to it, no mat-
ter :from what party—when I say that Liverpool was never
better represented. I can only offer my congratulations that I
am! now going to giCe the members for Liverpool in th 4 dual
unmber.

The toast was given with three times three, and one cheer
more. •

LOrd SANDON rose amidst enthusiastic cheering to respond
to the coast. tie had perhaps met them in moments of greater
excitement, but he confessed he had never met them with feel-
ings of greater gratification than on that occasion. The worthy
Baronet to his right was one of those who felt justified in making
considerable changes in the constitution ; but when those
elninges were wade he never deserted the constitution, and
wont(' attempt no further innovation. (Great cheering.)
His confidence' was always strong that• there was always a
large portion of the nation who would always act on simi-
lar sentiments.. The worthy had been exposed to obloquy and
persecution, because of his manly adhesion to his political prin-
ciples. He had thrown himself on his country, and had re-
ceived that glorious return which had redounded to his honour.
(Great cheering.) He had thrown himself upon his own con-
stituency in. Westininister, and they by a large majority, had
given their verdict against his opponents. Th conservatives
in the liouse of Commons were similarly situated. Tney had
Hit's 4 themselves upon the country at the last general elec-
tion, and England had raised the conservative minority from
130 to upwards of 300. He believed that minority would have
been a malority had it not b'een for the violence, intimidation,
and corruption • of their opponents—vinlence such as in Rox-
burghshire—corruption such as the election of the city of Lon-
don exhibited—not of the members themselves, but of the Re-
form. Club—and intimidation such as they had witnessed all
over Ireland.. The whits had prevented investigation into
many of tbese acts. If the feeling of the country had been left
alone, Scotland, England, and Ireland would have returned a
conservative majority to the Horse of Commons. They had
been playing the game (Attie wolf and the lamb. The radical
party had been the first to cry out against the conservatives for
proceedings at elections, and against the Spottiswoode con-
spiracy, as it was called. They had done this in the first in-
stance, because there was a conspiracy which they (the conser-
valises) might well complain of—the Coppock conspiracy which
had been catered into for the purpose of preventing English
members from being on the Irish Election Committees. The
conservatives had been charged with perjury. He was not
inclined lightly to charge any man with perjury; but, at the
same time, if any party had acted ft Qin strung bias, the con-
servatives ought to complain of the whites. fri, not ene whir
committee had decided in favour of the t. ry party, whilst th ee
tory committees had had the.virtue and honesty r., act contrary
to file interests of their part). As a powerful minority they oc-
cuoied a stronger position for the safety of the cduntrv, than
they would as a weak majority. He doubted whether, if at that
'moment the conservatives were in a majority, directing the
measures 'of -the state, whether their influence would be so
powerful as it now is. He regrettedexeeeditigiy that his learned
colleaoue, who had delighted the House of Commons, by his
high, manly,and independent expressions there, was not present
(the audience here rose and gave three -cheers)—through ill
'health from hiS extraordinary exertions. He rejoiced to see the
growing spirit of conservatism in Liverpool during the last six
or sev'eu, years, until at last it had secured the entire repre-
sentation of the borough. After expressing the gratification
which ha felt at witnessing such an assembly as that, he sat down
with , proposing the " Liverpool Tradesmen's Conservative
Association."

The toast was given with three times three.
Mr. BUSHELL acknowledged the toast.

The HAIRMAN rose to propose "The Members for the
Southern Division of the County," which he could also give in
the'duaLnutel)er. With their permission, however, he would
amend the toast, and give "The Members for the County,
North and South." . . . . .

The toast was drunk with three times three.
The.CitAt RAI A Nthen gave.." Lord Lyndhurst and the House
of Peer's." .

The toast was giveu with three times three.
Gleti:--,Withlkjolly full bottle.

The Cu AIRMAN rose and said,—Gentlemen,—l rise with pe-
culiar pleasure to propose to you the-next to.ist upon my list,
the health of,nne -who bas distinguished himself as the vindi-
catOr of the bentsur of the House of Commons. (The company
rose and cheered enthusiastically.) What, gentleml,n, a re-•
rots:sled House of Commons to require a vindicator ? Why,
wonders will "never• cease ! But. 1 rejoice that amongst the
youthful :toeracy of England there was one who, ere he had
untoirere, sty-two years, had the courage to diag the coward-
ly bully ft iii his lurkino. place, (iintneuse cheering.) and to
cause him to be branded by a vote of the British House of
Commons in' his real character, in that very expressive Saxon
word; which I shall not hesitate to use—to brand him as a liar.
(Cheers.) I propose to you the health of Lord Maidstone,
the vindicator of the House of Commons. (Great cheering.)
Lord MAI DsToNE rose, and when the cheering had subsided,
addressed the meeting as follows:—Mr. CHAIRMAN and gen-
aSsure you that I can, with the most heartfelt feel-
ings assert that this is one of the kindest efforts you cats make
of encouragement to me in the course I have begun, and which
I hope I shall pursue to the very end of my life, going straight
forward, and never Minding what may he tie consequences. But
I hare been called here, and honoured in other places, with the
appellation of the vindicator of the. House of Commons. Now
I must say, that I am not the vindicator of that house, but
that I gave them the • opportunity of vindicating their own
honour, and I -knew, that I did not appeal to them in vain ;
and, gentlemen, if I_ had not done it, there were fifty others
ready to rise in their places and tell the great agitator .that he
lied in his teeth. I did nothing more than just brio,' the sub-
ject before the consideration of the House of Commons, and
when once it Was there, the united efforts of Sir Hilbert Peel,
Mr, Goulhurn, Mr. Wynn, and all the valiant of the Con-
servative side of the house, and all their just resentments
were • enlisted in the cause; and, though last, not least,
(for he •came nearly last in the debate,) there was your
own representative,—not yeur nominal representative merely,
,but the rept esent ati ye ,of those -feelings to which you have
this clay given vent in this roouL - He got up and taught
.Mr. Daniel O'Connell what he ought to have felt, supposing
The could have 'felt as a gentleman. (Laughter and Cheers.)
lie said for one, whatever the speaker might say, for he was to
administer the rebuke, he never could have thought of showing
his face in society again after that rebuke had been adminis-
tered. But Mr. O'Connell certainly did braieu it out,' though

I would leave the case to the good sense of this country, and
leave them to judge between Mr. O'Connell and the abased
awl vilified conservative party in the (louse of Commons.
Gentlemen, I have been delighted with the iuvitatious Which
have pinired upon me,.to the 'wallies of four, to route &met
into the northern part of her majesty's dominions, where I
had never been before.
,(Laughter and great cheering.)
I only knew you, therefore, by report ; but now I know you
from (lay own observation; and I h ive seen and beard things,
which will do my heart good for.a long time to come. (Cheers)
Gentlemen, I know that the whole of these great demonstra-
tions cattle originally from the operative conservatives of this
district,—from Leeds to Salford and from Salford to Man-
chester and Iron Manchester to Liverpool. The whole of the
operatives of this vast district, i am sure, are fast verging to
conservatism,—l ant sure that at this moment there is almost
a majority, and that if there be any election for the next two
i years there will he a preponderating majority in favour of con-
servative doctrines in this great district-. (Cheers.) Gentle-
, men, the radicals seem to think that it is not allowed us to
eA•ert ourselves, to combine together, and in short to agitate .
they -Say, the Birmingham political union's agitation wa;
nothing, all the agitation of these uniuns was nothing; Mr
O'Connell's agitation was nothing. But, gentlemen, we have'
seen the good effects of this agitatiou, and in order to
counteract the effects of his agitation, we ought ourselves,
though we may not do it willingly, to stellate. We must agitate,
and I have no doubt that at last we shall combine to an extent
that shall show them such a front that their opposition must at
last fall to the ground. But I would ray of the agitator that
he is combinetwith a ministry that would do anything to keep
themselves in popular estimation, which I am happy to say they
are fast losing,—anything to keep themselves in place and
power. And there was a thought occurred to me the other day
while reading Lord Bacon's Essays, when I chanced upon the
following passage :—Now, says he, it was a very urgent speech
of Themistocles the Athenian when asked at a feast if he could
touch the lute, he replied, no ; but. said he reMild make of a little
city a great state. And the essayist remarks that there are some
yet, though few, who can ore little city make agreat state; though
there are now many whose great gift seems to lie the other way.
And certainly these degenerate arts deserved very little better
term than fiddinne. A rid, gentlemen, I want to know whether
there ever was in a country such an orchestra of fiddlers as the
present ministry? (Cheers and laughter.) I want to know
whether they have any one prineiple which they can call .their
compass to guide them by, except it be to watch the tide of
popular feeling, and to steer their course a-ecording to it? Ido
say, for one, I am against having the interesteof this city fiddled
away; I won't stand it for one; and I believe that the city is
now awake to these whigs and radicals, and I don't know what
else they call themselves, but we are apt to call them destruc-
tives. . (Laughter.) Gentlemen, at times of great excite-
ment, and we, many of us, have witnessed those fitness
it is useless to argue with these people, • you must, all of
you, when a demagogue gets up and talks about liberty, and
the rights of man and all that sort of thing, it is uselese:to argue
for nobody will listen. The whigs turned out the toriec upon all
sorts of complaints of our want of economy and our tyranny,
and all that sort of thing; besides which, tney boasted of their'
own liberal opinions in these and a hundred other things. But
when in power, I ask you whenever they have acted upon any
one of those things? (" No, no.") You all say " No;" 1 be-
lieved it before; but now you corroborate it, and I feel quite
certain.. Well, now, I ask, what is the reason why, as Mr.
Joseph Hume most ruefully declared in the House of Commons
—in short, his pitiful face almost made me cry. (Laughter.)
"How conies it ? There must he something wrung. We are
diminished front a majority of 300 down to 2(X). There must be
something wrong. It shows that our liberal patty here must
be losiug ground every (lay. There must be something wrong
here." Note bit of it:Mr. Flume; it is that this great country,
which you have deluded so long, is at length coming to its
senses, and is saying that the party are not the 'men that—
begging
their pardon—they were fools enough to t eke them for.
Even if Mr. Hume himself, with his application to business—
for you know he is a man of business—would give to this sub-
ject a business-like investigation, I ant sure he would be satisfi-
ed But now the whole city have weighed these whigs in the
balance and found them wanting. (Hear, hear.) They
made professions when other individuals were in power:—
" We want to see patronage given to all those who deserve it
and not to our friends alone; (Laughter.) I want to know
whether they followed any one of those promises, and whether
they have done any one of those things, for making the country
believe we did which, they turned us out ? The consequence
is, that the country is now Coming to its senses, and is conscious
of the delusion ' • and they say, " We have weighed the whigs in
the balance; and have found. theist wanting." Now there is
another person who professes all those things, and that is Mr.
Daniel O'Connell.; (" Hear," and laueh•ter.) We make each
other a low bow when we meet in the house, and all other sorts
of civilities pass between us, although I was never introduced,
for I believe I introduced myself. (Laughter and great cheer-
Mg.) Well, how did he begin his professional career ? (For
I consider him a professional agitator—l consider that was the
thing he intended from the first days of his life.) Why, with
mild words—butter would not melt in his mouth at ' one time.
" Oh I (he said) what injustice has been done to Ireland !
Won't sou attend to this poor country ?" At last the priests
themselves agitated; and then at length he came down upon us
and said, "Justice for Ireland! I demand it ! . Six millions
and a half of people are determined to have it l" And then he
asked these MX and a half millions to pay him for the trouble of
expressing their sentiments. (Laughter.) Well; now you
see the gradations by which he arrived at honour and profit;
and a very high situation he certainly now holds for an ambiti-
ous man; for, literally, he has established a power which was
never contemplated before in any state in this world—still less
by the British .constitutione-so that we really quaked and
quailed, in theoretical apprehension, for in moral courage I
won't quail or quench, even if our opponents were twenty •
to one. (Loud cheering.) But I do mean to say that Mr. Millie;
O'COnnell is one more instance of what I before said,—that
when a man begins with all these patriotic axioms and hacknied
terms about liberality, freedom, and justice, and ail that sort of
thing ;—at the time you cannot i eason with him, but his subse-
quent conduct will prove the hollowness and fallaciousness of
his principles. And these things the country have seen; anti
that is one reason why they are now recovering from that state
of f ver in which they were before, and why they are leading
Mr- aniel O'Connell, who they thought at one time was only
as for what was fair and just; but now they see that his
coy rt end is not just but the serving of his own selfish pur-
poses. (Hear.) The man to whom I would refer is my friend M r.-
Roebuck. He came over, asking for justice for Canada at first
with specious intentions; and thus he goes on till at last he
comes down from Bath and says, " I think it is a very 'moder-
ate rate to charge you £6OO a year for advocating your cause;
and he was kind enough to say be would take uothing -less.—
( A laugh.) But Mr. Roebuck began mildly at first about
Canada, till at last he goes un to he the advocate of the Cana-
dians in the House of Commons when they were in actual re-
bellion. I would not say how far he fostered that rebellion ;
but certainly he did boast in the House of Commons of the ex-
tent to which they had gone. That is another instance of a
man beginning mildly and calmly to agitate; but that is no
reason why he should not at last agitate till he has got fur him-
self place and pension. Now, as to another point. There are
gentlemen present here who have been very much reviled for
stopping short of anarchy and confusion. But I put it to any
prudent, sensible man here, if he were journeying by coach or
railway, if there he one from London to Edinburgh ; and sup-
posing York to lie between the two, what would he say if he
mimed to stop at York, and all the people in the same coach
were to say, " No; you have gone so far with us, you must go
furTher : you have no right to stop half way at Yuri:; you must
go with us as far as we go." ( Hear.) But Ido say, that these
bun. gentlemen have stopped at conside.rsble risk to their own
private fame. -When they had got what the c iuntry had a fair
right to demand, they said "We will not go any further. We
will not allow those who talk in beautiful metaphorical language
of the ' small end of the wedge' and the • tree bearing its; fruit'
to insert the wedge anti to allow the reform tree to bear the
fruit. of anarchy and confusion, and that ' equitable distribution
of property': with which I am sure we are threatened, however
they may disguise and mask it." Because, as Sir Francis
Burdett said, they did assail it under the party flag. But, how-
ever, these gentlemen (Sir F. Burdett and others) will not
allow their compassing that intention. and they have now
joined Cis upon the broad principle of conservatism. That is
the true name, for I wish the names of whig and tory were no
more, and that all who love and would preserve the institutions
of the country would call themselves conservatives; and I
think the other party has a fair right and claim to be
called innovationists. They wish to respect all existing
things, not because what they substitute is better, but because it
is new; -and I do wish, if we can go on upon the old. system,
that we should do so, and not take the new one upon chance,
even if it should be no worse. Look at America I siie began as
a republic, and will very likely go on best as H republic ; but
we have always been a limited monarchy—a form of constitu-
tion which the philosophers of France and the rest of Eurupe
lnn,g endeavoured to explain and never could. The demagogues
endeavoured to reform it, not by improving and restoring and
supplying its deficiencies, but by altering the whole system and
making it like the rest (if the world. Whereas, I have 'afwayi
understood that if other governments whether reteiblics, abSo4rte
monarchies, democracies, or aristocracies—each has to a great
extent its bad points merged and its good points kept in our
British reinstitution. (Cries of " Hear, hear," and loud
cheers.) But the system of the present day is to change this
constitution altogether, and I do not want to have things that are
not part and parcel of our constitution. Steel medicines may
be good for one man; salts fur another; rolehieum. for a third,
when properly administered; but if you transpose the medicines
you can do nothing but harm. So, if you attempt to fond into
the British constitution things which ran only agree with re-
publics or democracies, some parts will sn faster, others Slower,
and eventually you will be sorry when -you find out your folly.
that you did not keep to the old established manners mid good
customs of our ancestres. (Cheers.) I ant young.upenshe stage
of , political life, and lack experience, but 1 our actuated by the
feeling to stand by our good constitution iu church and, state ;
and although they may call it mere prejudice, and a thing.which 1
I have inherited of my father, and all that sort of thing. ( Hear.)
And 1 assure you that is the chief of my faults. The radical '
press say that "he is Lord Winchelsea's son," and that7is had
: enough; but beside that, one paper that I saw said that I:have
about the same modicum of talent. and the same Mass of
, prejudice. But, as my friend Sir F. Burdett has said, preju-
dice is a thing which you should respect .till you know that it is
wrong. It is the universal feeling of the great majority of so-
ciety, and the chances are that they are right till they are •
proved to be wrong. Therefore I glory in this " antiquated
prejudice," and I know others who glen- in it to,—and I hope
that, fall or stand—and stand I htipe we shall, though fall we
may. ' But we will not fall without one stroke struck in the
face of our foes ;—fall or stand, I say for one, I will go straight
forward; and as new the dawn of my political life, so I hope
its evening will find me, still pursuing conservative principles,
and never repenting having done so from the-present hour up
to the last of my •political life. (Immense cheering, during
which the noble lord resumed his seat.) . .

The CHAIRMAN said—Gentlemen, if brevity be the soul of
wit, the next toast upon my list is short enough, and I might
just as well attempt to explain to von who Caesar or Cicero is,
as to explain to you who " the Duke" is. (Cheers.) Utherefote
beg to propose to you, '• The Duke ;" and as I'don't find upon
my list one word in addition to it, so I'll not have ore. " The
Duke." (Drunk with all the honours.)
Glee—" The Mighty Conqueror•."
- -

The CHAIRMAN next said,—Gentlemen, it is lamentable to
reflect, that, while there is so much talent and ability in the
House of Commons, the country should be deprived of i he viklu-
aide services of several distinguished individuals, as if to show
with what very little talent countries may he governed. ( Hear.)
When I look to the opposition benches of the House of Com-
mons, and I see there a Peel and a Stanley, a Graham and a
Gladstone, (and I am proud of him as a townsman,) a Follett,
a Pollock, and a Pemherton, I cannot but hope that the day is
not far distant when these individuals shall he called to the
helm of government ; and I do hope that the present leader of
Ow House of Commons, unable as he has proved himself to go-
vern this mighty empire, may he left like another Actaeon to
be devoured by his own hounds.—( Laughter and cheers )
propose the health of our distinguished guest, "Sir George Sin-
clair, and the conservative members of the House of Commons."
I Loud 'cheers, and the toast was drank with all honour and en-
thusiasm.)
..Sir GEORGE SINCLAIR rose, and, when the Plaudits with-
which he was greeted had ceased, he said :—Gentlemen. I am
labouring under severe indisposition, and tberefote I must re-
spectfully solicit. that„ indulgence ,which, even under.orditiary
circumstances, I should so much have stood in need of at your

3
:„,,,,,,t,„..,..... ,-.1
_ . .

bands.._( Hear aed'cheers.) Gentlerfiefr, f, ftsill. ".4,-td. 'frequent
opportunities of fate of addressing ley asSeiebled fellow-eountry-
men in these mrportant diatriclS, bind Irbust say. I only wish that it,
were possible for rite to gate emineYed li4lf ha much pleasure
and instructiou as I received iulisteeinglo ibeno; because the
patriotism, good sense, and Intelligente, isliitifll'*y; hon. friend
and I have seen exemplified by onf every clasti
and description; has certainly filled us itidi the-lif4htest anti-
cipations as to the (more destinies of our cemniou' country,
(Hear.) Gentlemen, I have alse:thoug e ' not very •:efttp',. had
the honour of expressing, my sentiments in the Heitse of Ch`m.;•
mons; and 1 may venture to say that 1 have never shrunk from
the duty of nionasktng duplicity and dentiuncing selfishness.
( Hear.) There is one circumstant e is the present meeting
which has, in a very gratif‘ing manner, distinguished it from
those at which we have 'been previously presene• We have
everywhere been greeted by the loyal enthusiasm of conserve,.
tives, but this, gentlemen, is the only place iu Which we have
had the happiness to meet a conservative representative;
(" Hear," and cheers.) Leeds had one formerly-'. Salford
has one' virtually—(hear, hear ;)-11nddersfield had one
nearly ; and, with respsct to Manchester, I can only say. that
I believe if intends to have a couple bye and bye, .and follow
tiverpoore most glorious example. I have to thank you, there 7
fore, in the name of the conservative members, for the manner
in which you have responded to the toast which has just been
drunk. And in thankiug you on their behalf, I must also thank
you for having returned to the House of Commons tine of thfi
most distinguished and Melt 1 of our number—(cheers for Lurd
Sandon)—a geatleman of wh tin I, as an eyewitness, may be
permitted to say, that he is n'tver sibset t from his post at the
season of trial; and that he was the in' i:,dual selected by Sir
Robert Peel, with the uretniinees appiobati in of the whole of
the conservative members, to bring forward tae most important
motion which has eugaged our attention during the present ses,
sion. (Cneers.) Were he not pre.eat, I should delight to •
follow out a theme upon which my heart delights to espial ate.'
But I will point out one deficiency in the conservative members
for the House of Commons. (Great cheering.) And that
is not in regard to talent, fur have we not our Peels,
our Stanley's and our Grahams; nor is it in motel courage, for
we have our Harty's, nor is it in legal atii:i•y, for we have our
Follette our Sugnens, and our Pembeitons; but what we want
is numbers. There we do labour under some deficiency, and I
can only wish that the (*ample which you have set, and the
spirit which your exampit and our recent moutiugs have
excited, may be responded to through the length and the
breadth of our land. (Cheers.) 1 think the conservative party
have not sufficiently frit the, impol;tatsce of united exertions;
and it cannot be sufficiently impressed upon every British
elector, present or absent, how important a single vote may be-
come. Why, in my own country of Scotland, no fewer than
two enduties were decided by single votes. This, then, shows '
the necessity of r6ziiFfering, and of coating to the pull, of not
shrinkidg from that duty which devolves upon every elector
at every general election. Why, gentlemen, 1 must say
that the line which was taken by a great many persons
of the highest respectability after the passing -of the re.•
form hill, which I had the honour to suppert in all its
stages, filled me with greht astonishment. There was a
kind of sudden strike among the conservatives. .They seemed
to think because they could not have every thing their own way
iney would not have any thing more to -do with it. I rernem-
g with some gentlemen of r sipectability, all of whom.
were against the reform bill, and one said, " What a mess they
have made of it I" He said that he was connected with the
metropolitan districts, and added, "If I chose to come for-
ward t could be elected ; but I'll leave them .alone." " Well,"
says another, "I have • great interest in such a distr ct, and
a friend of mine has offered to bring me forward; but 1.
said, no; I'll have nothing to do with it." They all said,
" We had better just' show them what a pretty business
th.ty have made of it !" Upon which I turned round.
and said, " Gentlemen, vou are doing a great injustice to the
reform, bill, and such as have supported if, because the object of
the reform bill is to give consequence to such ILCII as you are."
But if you thrust it train you, if you think your country not
worth defending. you cannot be at all surprised if you see it
falling away into other hands. I wish the humblest voter in
Britain to think how much depends mien his vote. His vote
may elect two members; that will make a difference of four in
the house; and that number, in carrying an important question,
may involve the fate of the government, which may affect the; ,
destinies of this country. and thus involve the destinies of the
world. (Loud cheering.) Now, gentlemen, in mentioning
the conservative members of the House of Commons, it is im-
possible that 1 should, however fatigued with speaking,'
or yoo with hearing, pass by any opportunity of endeavouring
—or, rather, showing my inabiiities—to do justice to the trail-
sceodent merits of Sir Robert Peel. Ido not believe there ever
existed in any country a statesman who enjoyed both from
those who support and those. who oppose him a reputation so
unanimous and so -unblemished. speeches are equally
brilliant and business-like; there is ao subject upon which his
vast and comprehensive mind does not pour such stores of in-
formation ;tit astonish those that hear him. 1 have ob,erved
that he is much ;bette'r listened to at the close of a debate than
any other speaker at • the beginning; anti if I have any one
I fault to find with Sir Robe Peel, it is that I doubt whe;ber heie
as anxious to get back to office as we are to see h m then.
Why, the conservatives could not get on without Sir It. Peel;
neither can the whigs—neither can the minivry. They cannot
• bring forward any measure that does not require his correc-
tion and superintendence. And though I eettainly very flinch
admire his disinterested conduct, yet I cannot help sometimes
being a little provoked to see him helping theist out of their
difficulties. .Why, John Bull's state coach is in a most pitia-,
ble plight at s moment, being drawn about by as heteroges+.
neous a teas, n ~sorrysteeds all ever saw, and no one has the
least confidence' in either the coachman or the postillion—,
(laughter)—and there is scarcely a single week in which it is
not floundering about in some ditch, or in which they do not
draw it into sonic quagmire. Trite, the outside passengers get
off, and one of them, Joseph Hume, puts his shoulder to the'
wheel to get the roach out of the difficulty; but it is partly
mire anti partly lime, and he scarcely knows whether it is
black or white. (Loud laughter.) What does Sir Robert

Peel? One would almost suppose, after the manner in which.

he has been treated by them, that he would stand by, with
his hands behind him, and contemplate their difficulties with'

a not unnatural sort of satisfaction. But no such thing; be
immediately orders all his best horbes from the stable, and
takes all his friends with him; eve, and my hon. friend h,
(Sir F. Burdett) comes dean with his hunter, (laughter and
cheers) and assists in rescuing from the mud the state carriage;
because he knows that it would be impossible ter all the modern

coachmakers in Long-acre, to provide half asootfa..one
in its place. (Cheers.) but it' appears to me that now
it is high time for the Conservative party to take vi-
gorous m. asdres, and I think that if we don't, our fri ds Out of
doors will. 6e very much discouraged. They may Nov to us
'•1'o what purpose have we been taking so. h trouble and mak-
ing so much provision for the future, if you will not use your
utmost efforts to deliver your country from its present odlicul-
ties and languor ?" WC have been toasting the House of
Lords, and well we may ; for it is the weat bulwark of the con,
stitution. Perhaps I have stood tip as often as any one ro the
House of Commons. 'l'o express my respect for that august
assembly, I say with perfect deference, but at the same tune .:th
freedom, that considering how the Conservative party is gifted:
in that house. I should like to see them carry to the throne an
expresion of their opinion as to the situation of the state.—
We know that s 9 far they have the power within themsetv.s.,
—(heat•, hear,)—and I should like her Majesty to be told by
that assembly which of all parties is entitled to her rasps. t
and confidence, what the opinion of the country is, as @-
presented by the House of Lords; because at present net Ma-
jesty can know but little of it. It was said of the kings of
Persia that oneman was their ear and another their eye; but

really Lord Melbourne teas both the ear and the eye of her
Majesty, (lany,hter) and (here were very few opportunities ter

an) • other individual to show her ears and e) es what the real
state of the country is. I should like very much to see an

address adopted 6; the House of Lords, itud that before the

coronation. while they have full power and strength, to order.
that her Majesty may be aware what disparity exists in that
honse between the friendsolthe oustitntion and those who oppo-
sed them. It would be a great encouragement to the country at
large and to the House of Commons; and the sooner we try
our strength there the better. (Cheers.) 1 trust the day is not
far distant when the mum' ity as I have told them to their faces,
will he looked upo❑ not only by every every conservative with
disgust, but by every honest radical with indignation. (Cheers.)
I have been accused of being a turn-com. Front the first

moment of my political life I have had no object in view but to
promote the liberties of my country. As long as I thought
popular rights at all endangered by monarchical interference or
aristocratical encroachment I stood forward in their defence;
but now I have seen reform carried very much further than I
had surmised. And now that I sets the throne endangered and
the Church denounced, I enlist myself under the banners of
those lords and commoners who respect the equal rights of each,
and who aredetermined to uphold the privileges of all. (Great
cheering.) A turn-coat! why I have no objection to wear a.
coat till it is threadbare and falls to pieces from my shoulders,
rather than purchase any coat at the expense of public
principle.-13ut I scorn, or rather am prot.d of such an
imputation as this, when I- recollect the mimes of those,
with whom I am associated—when l remember that I am vilified
along with a Stanley, second only to a Peel in 'eloquence;,
when I think that I ant stigmatized along with a Graham, and'
that it was cinder their auspices and in following their example
that I deserted, or rather that I left are ministry. which had in
my opinirm abandoned' those principles which had, as I thought,
entitled them to my confidence; and above all, when I think
that I have the houour to be vilified and traduced itlong, wit tt
the most intrepid rmtriot that ever nation saw—of whom it has
been said that he is ambitious of that coronet, which, had ha
thought it Worth his while, he might have Worn it long ago.
delight in eulogy when earned in such a cause, Land shared with
such men as these. (Cheers.)
Sir F.:•BtatiErt said he had the honour to propose a toast,.
which he was sure would he cordially received. It was to hitn
en additional pleasure, that their worthy chairman was of that
class of persons which he thought so important: lie must say
that he had been at many public meetings, but he bad never
seen the duties of i h uut n better fulfilled. lie would give
" Mr, liolme, our Chairman." kC heo.s.)
The CHAIRMAN briefly returned thduks.
•

Lord SANDON, in complimentary terms, proposed tie health
of the "Vicelresidents and Stewards of the dinner."
Mr. T. M. GLADSTONE returned thanks on behalf of the
Vice-presidents and StewardS,
Lord MAIDSTONE said; that since he had been in Lancashire
he had felt under some sort (Sr spell, which. he attributed to toe
powers of the Lancashire witches. He could only say, that in
his own elections, he never stirred without the ladies, and he
could say for them that a snore conservative body did trot exist,
they cheered us on to victory, and When victory was eon, they
brought us laurel leaves to crown that victory, which would not-
be worth winning-, ungraced by their smiles. He would gist)
them "The Lancashire Witches," and would lead them in the
Kentish fire, to honour the toast. This was accordingly given,
his lordship giving the "hurrahs;'
At eleven o'clock, Sir Francis Brirdett and Sir George Sin-
clair left the room, the cottpany rising in their honour, and
cheering them as they retired.
Lord SANDON then gave " the good -old town of Liverpool,
and the trade thereof." His constituents had been pleased to
greet his humble endeavours so frequently, that he began to
believe that he had been of advantage at least to son,e tndivi
duals in the town, if out to all. (The toast was drunk with the .
honours.).
Mr. GEORGE HALL LAWRENCE briefly acknowledged the
toast, as a merchant of Liverpool.
The CHAIRMAN then proposed the last toast—one of pros-
perity to an association which formed a valuable cennectiug
link with their own— a hotly of men of whom thici country
wightt
need be proud, and to Whom he was personally under much;
obligation. He would give," Prosperity to the Operative.
Conservative Association," and he trusted the toast
would be
received as it deserved.—The company rose and gave several
.rounds of cheers.
The chair was theft vacated, anti the priocitial goes-:s tetired
at about ten minutes after eleven. Three cheers were called.,
for and given for " The Earl of Winchilsea.", .Mr. Parker was
Oiled to the chait and the convivialities were kept up a short
. time longer.
We regret that, owingto an unexpected demand OD OUT space';'
we have been, very obliged to curtail our report of
some of the speeches ; but we trust we have dole np gentiemai
any Seriou's iniustice;
