TO THE RDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STAND4RD.

Liverpool, Ist August, 1836.
Sir:—ln your critique tipon the performances of the Liver=
pool Cboral. Society, whose first public meeting took place at
the Amphitheatre, on Inesay evening last; you Conclude by
stating, " We 'scarcely know an exatnple of a town Of-anything
like the extent of Liverpool where the science of musts is so
little cultivated and encouraged;" you also state, "and we be"-
lieve we are correct in saying that the Choral Society is the
only public musical body in the town."—
I-fully concur in the sentiment contained in the first extract,
that the science of music is not sufficiently cultivated and en-
couraged ;. but with respect to the last extract, when the Choral
Society is named as the only public musical licitly in town, 1
beg leave to differ with you for a very. cogent reason; viz. That
there is another society in existence in Liverpool, dendmi-
nated the "Liverpool Musical Society," whirl, has greatly
contributed to the increase of vocal and instrumental talent,
under very inauspicious circumstances, having already given
tifty-one public quarterly performances, and although an at-
tempt has been made to join the Musical and Choral Societies
together, for the express purpose of forming a more "Efficient
Choral Society," and some of its members have seceded, still
the Musical Society, as a body meet' regularly every week, and
will, in a short period announce their 52d quarterly perform-
ance.—

My reason for addressing you on the subject, is to correct the
report of only one society being in existence in Liverpool.—
Begging the insertion of the above in your paper of to-mor-
row,
I remain yours, respectfully,
it A MEMBER OF THE L.M.S.

FlRE.—This morning, about two o'clock, a fire was disco-
vered in a joiner's shop at the hack of Mr. Cartmell's Machine
Manufactory, in Wood-street. From the inflammable nature
of the articles in the shop the fire quickly spread. Two of the
engines, with a body of firemen and Mr. Whitty, were soon
on the spot, and one was got into play; from the want of water,
however, not a drop being to be got, save from the water
carts, the engines were for some time inefficient, and the whole
building became gutted. Fortunately the fire was extinguished
without extending any further, a large warehouse being imme-
dirtely adjoining.
The following has been received from Lord Sandon, enclosing
the handsome donation of .C 25 towards the fund for establishing
schools in connexion with the Church of England ,
" Londw,, July 29.
" Dear Sir,—l have witnessed with admiration the noble
efforts which have been made in Liverpool for the purpose of
securing to a large portion of your population the blessing of a
sound religious education, and have been only deterred from
at once contributing 'my mite by the apprehension that the
smallness of my contribution might discourage others, who per-
haps have greater eans than myself, from making larger sa-
crifices for the object. I cannot, however, refuse myself the
pleasure of showing thy perfect accordance with the feeling
which has been displayed upon the subject by offering, through
you, as treasurer, a contribution of £25.
" Believe me, dear sir, yours, very truly, SA N DON."

CRICKET MATCH.—On Thursday next a match at cricket
will be played between the Everton and Rochdale clubs, on the
Liverpool -cricket ground, Wavertree-lane. the gentlemen of
that having kindly offered the loan of their ground on this
Occasion, wickets to be pitched at 10 o'clock.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE CONSERVATIVE ASSOCIATION.—We
have reason to believe that the Marquis of Salisbury will not be
able to preside at the annual dinner of this society in September
nest, the consent of his lordship, to which we alluded a few
weeks ago, having been given under an erroneous impression as
to the month in which the dinner was to take place. The Earl
of Wilton is expected to preside this year, and the Marquis of
Salisbury will most probably be the president for the next year.

We understand that a lot of land in Greenland-street, mea-
suring 700 square yards. has been bought as a site for the erec-
tion of the South School in connexion with the Church of Eng-
land.

THE POLICE COURT. Yesterday, at the Police-office,
there were no less than 150 persons booked to be brought before
the Magistrates, of which 49 were for felony !

LTCNCI/11 FRENCH ACADEMY.—We have very often heard
complaints that education, and accomplishments especially,
are expensive and laborious to acquire. It appears, however,
that a system has been adopted calculated greatly to remedy
both those difficulties. On Thursday evening last, Monsieur
Jules Lefebvre delivered, at the Lycwurn Lecture-room, 'a
lecture explanatory of the eclectic system of teaching, which
has originated with him and Monsieur De L'Osier. He re-
viewed the Jaeotot, Hamilton, and Dufief methods, and, so far
as we were able to judge, the best features of these and other
methods seem to be combined in the eclectic system. The
lecture was most respectably and numerously attended, and we
should imagine, from the satisfaction repeatedly expressed by
the audience, that the classes established for teaching on this
plan by these gentlemen will obtain such a number of pupils as
will prove the estimation iu which so desirable a system stands.
THE ZOOLOGICAL GAR DENS.—The spirited proprietor of
these gardens is preparing a novel exhibition for the Liverpool
public, Mr. Yates, the manager of the Adelphi Theatre Lon-
don, and his assistants have been engaged, and it is intended to
give an entertainment similar to those given in the Cheltenham
Pitville, and Bath Sydney Gardens. An appropriate erection
will be made in the gardens for this purpose. Mr. Yates will
give his celebrated "recollections" of the principal London
actors, and his delineations of the passions. This entertain-
ment will he enlivened by a concert, for which Miss Betts, of
the Theatre Royal, Drury-lane, and Mr. W. H. Williams, the
comic singer, have been' engaged as principal vocalists. The
whole will conclude with a splendid exhibition of fire-works by
Mons. D'Ernst. The fete is to take place on Monday and
Tuesday next. We hope the weather will prove favourable,
and that this novel and spirited undertaking will answer the
expectations of the proprietor.
'DEFINITION OF A LUMPER.—Yesterday, in the Insolvent
Court, during the examination of a debtor named John M 'Avoy,
by Mr. Wilkins, the barrister, as to the trade of one of his
creditors of whom he had borrowed £2O, the debtor, whose flow
of language appeared rather scanty, described him as a man
that ~`dischargei and' loadi." The Commissioner. " What; is
he in the army ?" Debtor. " Shur, army, no shur ; he's a
he's ar— himperthey call that's id." -

THE MANCHESTER FESTIVA L.—The Journal of Saturday co.
pies part of an article on this subject from the Manchester
Advertiser, commenting in severe terms upon Sir Geo. Smart for
the miserable remuneration offered to the provincial vocal end
instrumental performers. However correct the charge' of inade-
quate payment may be, we are authorized in stating that Sir
George Smart has nothing whatever to do with it. Sir George
engages none but the instrumental performers from London,
whom -he brings down with him; all the other performers are
engaged by the respective committees. We understand that
the scheme of the festival will be out early next week.
THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND SCHOOLS.—We understand that
the land for the site of both these schools is purchased, and their
building will be commenced in a few days. We hive heard
that it is the intention of the conservative members to walk' in
procession when the first stones of the schools are laid. At
present there are in the North School 390 boys and 230 girls,
making a total of 620; in the South School 250 boys. 189
girls, and 65 infants, making .a total of 504. Upwards of £9BOO
has already been collected,- exclusive of subscriptions, which
amount to £250, for their erection and sup Port.
VESTRY MEETING, LOW-HILL.,— ti public, meeting of the
rate payers of certain parts of the township of West Derby, (that
have lately come under the operation of the act for watching and
lighting) situate at, and in the vicinity of Low-hill, was held at
the Public-office, Low-hill, on Thursday last, for the purpose of
examining and passing the accounts of the Inspectors for the
past year. Robt. Wright Wood, Esq., in the chair, The ac-
counts having been found accurate, were audited, and duly pas-
sed. On the motion of Mr. Grundy, and seconded by Mr. Vitt-
kinson, it was resolved that a call be made on the Overseers of
the poor for the sum of one hundred and thirty pounds, for the
expenses of lighting certain parts of the township for the cur•
rent year. Mr. John Jones was elected au Inspector, and Messrs.
J. W. Carter, J. W. Whitehead, and Thomas Clare, were re-
elected Inspectors for the year ensuing. The thanks of the
meeting were then unanimously voted to the Chairman for his
able and impartial conduct in the chair, and the business of the
meeting terminated.

ICEBERGS.—The ship Rachel, commanded by Mr. Moffitt, ar-
rived in this port on Friday from Sydney. She was beset with
icebergs on her voyage homeward, during the greater part of
the month of April, and was frequently in danger of being sunk
by the icy mountains which towered above her masts while she
lay near them becalmed. On the 21st of April, about 2 p.m.,
she was struck on both quarters with a large iceberg, which
broke and shattered its fragments over the quarter-deck, caus-
ing great dismay and confuhion on board, their escape from de-
struction appearing impossible. In the course of three hours,
with great perseverance at thepumps, she was got clear from the
ice, when it was discovered that considerable damage had been
done by the concussion. On the 23d April, at noon, she passed
within 'a quarter of a mile of a field of ice, at least •six-miles in
circumference, detached pieces' floating in all directions, .and
she with difficulty made sail through them.

. .
BOOTLE BAZAAR.—This bazaar, which we before have no-
ticed, got up for the purpose of paying off the debt far building
the Natidnal School, at Bootle, commenced on Thursday last,
arid continued until Friday night. Many of the ladies:Of, Li-
verpool, and most of the ladies in the neighbourhood) ceptri-
buted fancy articles, the work of their own delicate fingers,, for,
this benevolent object, and the various stalls presented a gay
and variegated appearance, the fair sellers doing their utmost to
set off- their fragile..stock to the best advantage, and, to.in_ theduce:
the visitors to purchase. Amongst tike most conspicuous of
fancy articles was a large screen covered with a variety of a
ricatures and prints; and an embroidered fire-screen iu on
gant mahogany frame, the work of Lady Stanley. There
also a pair of very elegantly embroidered hand st• leer_
Aiver was
.Y hand-
somely mounted with carved ivory, the work also 0. I. d v Stan-
ley. An elegantly embroidered' ottoman, the
wink of Miss
These were put up in lotteriesn
brought from £5 to £lO each. The bazaarrthwe second day and
as held in the Na-
tional,School-room. At the outside
wasi otai triso
(lei
rod Jo
zoiltioffo'ts
both.tary band, which played many enlivenui;
s
days and added much to the hilarity of the visitors. On the
throughout by a highly fa-
the prettiest and most va-
luable' day the bazaar wascroided f
oLadyStanley and family,
shionable assemblage, and many
luable' articles were disposed. oil.
arrived early in two carriages, and
We observed
and tato Misses Hornby.
sold:aelone of the stands during alparithe day.
also, Mrs. Blundell, of Crosby; 11 rs. Lyon, of Appleton Hall ;
and several other ladies of note whose names we did not learn.
—ln the north of the building a very handsome dessert was set
out, which was• presented to the bazaar by Mr. 'rowers, of the
Angel Inn:: this act of liberality contributed greatly to the re-
ceipts. The amount received on the first day at the door, and
for articles sold in the bazaar, was nearly £3OO. The second
day, during the early part, was not so crowded, but towards
evenin,o, the room began to fill and was very full before the close
Many-
of the articles were then got off by lotteties, which crea-
ted much amusement, the fair sellers using all their attractive
arts to induce the gentlemen, as long as a shilling remained in
their pockets, to become purchasers. The receipts on the se-
cond day were about £l5O, leaving altogether a very handsome
surplus after paying off the debt on the school, sufficient to af-
ford the master a handsome addition to his salary for sometime.
We doubt not, alter the success which has ;mewled this bazaar,
but this pleasing mode of "raising the wind" will be frequently
resorted to for accomplishing. similar objects. Since the clos-
ing of the bazaar, by subscriptions and by selling off many of
the things which remained, the total amount obtained has been
raised to £477.

A splendid map of the manufacturing districts, by Messrs.
Crutchley, of London, has just been completed. 'The scale
is one inch to a mile, and it is engraved on steel in the first
style of the art. The railways which intersect those most im-
portant districts are enclosed.so as to distinguish those that are
completed from those that are in progress or in contemplation.
The population of every city, township, and parish are given,
according to the latest parliamentary returns; and, at the same
time, the boundaries of the boroughs and of all the parishes are
distinctly marked and coloured.
Bot,zoN.—The number of buildings which have been in course
of erection during the last six months in Bolton and neighbour,
hood is wholly unprecedented, and nothing like a sufficiency of
bands can be obtained to supply the demand for labourers. ,At
this time cottages for families cannot be obtained. Mechanics
of every description are in full employment; and weaversi
specia of fancy goods are in great request.

INSOLVENT DEBTOR'S COURT.

This court opened On Saturday, before nenry Revell Rey-
nolds, Esq , his Majesty's chief commissioner for the relief of
insolvent delitors.
Andrei Davidson Kinchanan was examined oti his petition to
be discharged: Mr. Davies, surgeon, of Islington, was the de-
taining creditor. The commissioner What business are you ?
Petitioner: I wits id the tea and coffee trade.—Whb is your de-
' taining creditor? Dr.-Davies, of Islington.---Forwhat amount ?
For Us., including the expenses, of Which I have paid £2.—
Is not the trade a prosperdus one; I hear a good. deal in this
county of tea-tOtalleri • I should imagine ted is a beverage which
must be much drunk i I dare Say it is pretty well not` :; sir ; but
this is after inY time.—Were you ever here before; I believe
von know a little of the practice of this court ? I was here in
1830.—Were you discharged? No; I was imprisoned eight
months.—And remained the frill time ? Yes.—When did you
commence business again ? About four months after.—Did you,
Succeed ? No.—What then ? 1 made an assignment in 183`a
to my creditors.—What Were yoUr debts ! About £400.-=What
assets had you ? I gave up the shop and fixtures, the stock,
and the furniture, &c.—Of what value were they ? They sold
for .E 90.—1 dare say after this notable assignment of yours for
the benefit of your creditors, after the attorney's bill for exe-
cuting the assignment and the auctioneer's bill for selling the
goods were paid, nothing came to any creditors but the two as-,
signees; did you ever hear of any creditor getting a fraction ?
No, sir.—And that is the case with the majority of theie private
assignments for the benefit of creditors; "they should be called
private assignments for the benefit of attorneys and auctioners;
having sold these things what became of you afterwards ? I
got an appointment as an accountant to an estate in Cheshire,
and afterwards I was appointed as a bookkeeper in Liverpool.—
How much have you been in debt since that ? I owe one bill
of LIGI, and another of £l7o.—How long have you been in
Liverpool? About twelve years.—Where did yott Hie when
you were arrested
,here? In Harper-street; I was attested as I
was going down to the dock office, where I was as bookkeeper.—
How much money had you then? Sixpence in my possession.—
How much money bad your wife at home? Probahly3s.or-45.;
no morer7-Ho* lias she been supported" during ythir imprison=
went? Ily.snbscription of the clerks of the oflice.—Since yeti
made that assignment does any other persou tiOe you any
money ? N0.:,--Discharged:

Michael Rourke was heard on his petition to be dischargerL:
He was opposed in his discharge by the secretary of a burial
club, fora debt of £l5, owing to the Flub. The commissioner
What are you? The petitioner: lam a labourer at preSent_; I
have been a beerseller.—Did you not find it answer ? Sir ? Did
you not find it answer? I don't understand that, sir; repeat it
again, if yoU please.---,Did you keep a beer shop ? Yes, slr,
sure.—HaVe you given it up ? Yes, sir.--W hen ? At the lat-
ter end of April, 1835.—Wilat have you paid Mr. Davenport ?
Nothing.—Has he done. your work for nothing ? I suppose
not, sir.,-Who hes paid him ? I applied:to the governor.—You
owe only £25? That is all, sir, debt 'and costs.—To James
Ketv ? is•he? lle is a .Chairsuaker. by4ratle.=--.
Whitt do you owe him money for ?. ,With-regard to a! sort of
society, sir.—What sort a society;?,,A buying society.—A
burying society I Why you are not dead yet, man ; ho* can yoti
owe the money ? What, is it to linty yoe when you are dead;
eh ? Aye, that is it, sir; it is for a 'burying soeit.,ty.--I can't -
make out What you owe the £l5 for? It is during the time-I
kept a beer house.—Perhaps it was for the men that were dead '
drunk in the beer house? No, sir; at the time I kept the beer
house several of the members owed me money-, and they ordered
me to be paid out of the fond, and I was so,----The commissioner
(to Mr. Venables:) Do you understand what he meats ? Mr.
VENARLES : No, indeed, I do not, unless he means that the.
funds of the society are buried in Michael Rourke. (Laughter.)
The commissioner: Explain that, debtor,.. will you ? The pe-
titioner : There were several of the members of the burial club
who owed me money, and they agreed to pay me out of the
funds of the society by iustalinents every month; and then the
secretary took the sense of the members against it, and said,
after I had got the money, it was not legal to give it roe, and
then they sued me for it.—The commissioner: They sued you
then for the debts that other people owed you. The petitioner :
Yes, sir.—The commissioner: It is the oddest society that I
have heard of for some time. Where is the list of your debts ?
Oh, here they are, I see, abotit 31 in number; all bad, and all
for ale. Where have you got them all ? How could you recol4
lect the names; you have no books? The petitioner : I had a
list; they were chalked down.—The commissioner: Where is
the list; where did you get it ? The petitioner: I gave it to
Mr. Davenpurt.—The commissioner : b 1 r. Davenport, have you
it? Mr. Davenport: No, sir. The petitioner: I made away
with it.—The commissioner: Were they all Irish ? The peti-
tioner : Yes, all Irish. (Laughter.)—Dennis O'Sullivan ?
Yes.—Paddy O'Rafferty ? Yes.—Phetim O'Roone ? Yes.—
Tim O'Doniihue ? Yes.— Here they are all, on a bit of paper ?
Yes.—And because these men did.not pay you £l5, they iin
prisoned you ? The costs made it up to £`s.—Are these men,
of which here 'is a list, all buried ? Sir! (Loud laughter.)—
Are all these men buried I see down here ? They are not bur
tied yet! they have not died.—Mr. LAWRENCE : From what I
can gather, he says the members of the club owed him money
for an ale debt, and he was paid out of the funds of the society ;
for which an action was brought by the society, and he was beat
in that action.—The commissioner: Well, I will let you out
alive now.—The petitioner: Thank you, sir.
The folloWing is a summary of the cases which have already
been disposed of. To be discharged forthwith:—Samuel
Walker, William Clarke, John Fisher, Andrew Davidson Bu-
chanan. Wilson Jackson, Michael Rourke, James Morris, Robt:
Platt, Eliza Amson, James Clarke, Mary Graham, John Cross,
Matthew Heston, 'Ann Lawson, Henry Mason, Mary Mull-
holland, Samuel-Jones, Robert WillianwEliza liice, William
Rankin, Alexander Scotland, James Gunning, H. Stephenson;
and John Farrell. Petition dismissed :hrWilliam Jones, James
Williams, and William Beckwith., 44)A4.,uf custody :—Thornas
Carmout. William Shewell trii be entitled to his dis-
charge after remaining six months in custody from the date of
filing his petition. James Davidson 40.., hp; entitled to his dis-
charge after being imprisoned five nrontka.—The court was
adjourned to this morning, when the cases.are expected to be
got through.

REVISING. RARRISTRIIS.—We hear that ah intimation has
been „►iven-from the Home Office, to the senior judges of the
present assize circuits, in whom the appointment of revising
barristers for the current year is vested by the refonn.act.ilkat
their lordships should abstain from appointing any barrister to
revise the lists of any place which he had revised the last year.
MILITARY FLOGGING.—The total number of persons upon
whom corporal punishment has been inflicted since the issuing
of the circular, dated Horse Guards, 21th August, 1833, is 586,
of white 270 were for mutiny and insubordination, R) for drunk-
enness on duty, 139 for sale of- arms, 52 fur stealing from coal- •
rades, 47 for disgraceful conduct.

RA ILHOADs IN EGYPT.—A letter from Mr. Waghorn. dated
Alexandria, July Ist, says " The Suez railroad is not yet come
menced. Mr. Richard Galloway is occupied by the I its
laying down two railroads from some stone quarries near the
Marabout side of the harbour to the eater's edge, for the easier
transport of stone for the works now in in progress."
INVOLUNTAIIV TESIPEDANcE.—`` Will you promise to keep
sober it I let you go?" said the sitting magistrate at the Police.
office, the other day, to a woman who was brought before him
• for being drunk and disorderly in Carpenter's-row. " I will, .
Sir, replied the culprit, adding in a tone that must have carried
conviction to the minds of the most sceptical, " for I have
pawned all my own and my children's clothes. nod I can get
nothing to drink." The wretch was discharged. •
DIVING.—A certain LorenzoGiorriano of Nininara, has found
the means of remaining for six hours at a time in the deepest
places at the bottom of the sea. with the power of walking at the
rate of a mile an hour. For his secret he asks the sole right of
doing this for two years, and the half of what he finds in his
submarine peregrinations.
FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES.—Since the 4th of July last;
the flag of the United States has been spangled with twenty-
six stars, two being added in consequence of the admission of •_
the states of Arkansas and Michigan into the Union. In 1818; .
the number of states being twenty, an act was passed, " That,
on the admission of every new state into the Union, one star be •
added to the Union of the Flag; and that such addition shall
take effect on the 4th day of July then succeeding that admis-
sion. " The thirteen stripes denoting the thirteen original states,
were on the admission of Vermont and Kentucky, increased to
sixteen ; but as the number of states was further enlarged, it
was perceived that the flag would not, eventually, admit of
at
a
stripe for each, and so an act was passed, fixing the nuintrthec 4th
thirteen, as before. The last added to the flag w
of July, 1832, in honour of the state of 11lissouria,sw°1'ich .was
admitted into the Union on the 10th August, 1821. The. star •.
for Maine was added on the 4th July, 1820.
EUPHRATES EXPEDITION: Loss OF LIFE.--'l:he 'following
rnexmturancted from. a letter
particulars relative to the loss of the. Tigris steam-boat, one of
tii~atmu with India; '
%,ieereverses(e.elsivaepdpooninlehdutrosdfaa;i.lit-TaTety.heaero
sent by the commander of the Tigris, who was sayeicilaf::mwadstoean'...,
ing, although twenty of te crew and a passenger Lieutenant ' •'• •
21st f
The 'Tigris on the o -
came on, 2.._ •
the atmosphere was clouded almost to darkness. Great effort!,
bat though her engine
Ni-lnhiah,,iipietrhisehleul.phrates, when a violent• tempest• • iwr
she was driven
were made to make the vessel fast ashore,
was working to keep her head towards the gale,
stern first her bow out and gradually With her broadside to it;
the water was then forced over her and in three minutes she •
foundered, about eight minutes from the commencement of the
hurricane. By the united tombs of two hawsers, and the:en-
gines working at full power, the Eoplirat es Steamer maintained
her position at the bank until the storm abiited. The commander
and lieuteuant Lynch (relatives) went down together ; but, io
their struggles for life, while in the water, the cammanderstates,
in his letter to his friends received on Thursday, he shook the
Lieutenant off and was saved. He adds, that; on recovering
himself, he found that tWentv of his braite crew had perished:,
A committee of officers-bid, as usual,aat to investigate the mat-
ter, and they had reported in favour of the skill. intrepidity; and ' •
Judgment of the commander. tinder the trying circumstances in
which he had been placed. The letter conveying these details •
is dated on board the Euphrates, another of the vessels employed
in the expedition. The following are the 'tames of the suf-
ferers ;—Lieut. R. B. Lynch, 26th Regiment Bengal N. 1..,
passenger; Lieut. R. Cockburn, Royal llegt. Artill.; bite'
preter, Ensoff Seder; Engineer, John Struthers; Acting Ser.
geant, Riehard Clark; Gunner, Thomas Jones; Ditto, Roger •
Turner; Ditto, James Moore; Ditto, James Hay, Royal Regrt
Artill.;,
John Hunter, Private, R.S and M., Archd. M'Donald Benjami`.
Gibson
Thomas Booth, Thomas Batty, an
George Liddel, Seamen ; Aboo, Wusoo, Jacob Johir, Mannend
and Pedsor, Natives.
THE NEW STEAM-BOAT NOVELTY.,--The recent successful,
expetirnent of driving this boat, of the largest class, with an- • -
thracite coal, against the tide, and a strong current from heavy
rains, at the rate of 16 miles in the hour,' has caused much re,
mark in our city, as an astonishing fact of :great importaicenoan_
the subject of fuel, which may lead to revolutions in steam
n i
vigation. Dr. Nott, the distinguished president of u
Col-
lege, is the well known proprietor of theNnoe,,i- eiitv, which h
constructed, we believe, with machinery modelled afterli own
ingenious invention, so as to adapt it ultimately
toe
economical principles of combustion which hate giNt•ehne csauncl.
The fact of the prac-
h
deserved celebrity to his patented stony
produce as great a degree.ofav
s'etco in'ip-ort their wood at exot bi-
liability of using anthracite beiniga:
poeiw.aeawsacte,drt,awinielidnsool
longer
et (r)
compel steam-boat p
remetebv,
and indeed almost at
hen 11
tripsO‘Vtlol
Maine and the shores of
tent prices from the
inael.hties,uscegeosasnfttlitlies. navigationt;f,t
11.0
dthoeo„:„,C,h:;ahP„esa.eket.hFSe't'hrerareit'e coal mines of Penns•ylytinia, of
the difference in cost between' wood and
proprietors
forests of
Novelty, it is ascertained, would be 19 WO
anthracite, for the
to Europe, is made
in favour of dollars
ovleiblraayrnsy7fsosri boineesea variety,s
season,
certain.
'Among
advantages mut be the vast saving of hu-
man other
life, as it is believed the steady intense radieated heat •
from
great
loiirA
at lananriithii cre•
some degree, .a security against those
swiden aceunailations which arise from the inflammable blaze
:Cite will be in
of pine wood. There is also an eriEre freedom froial.-the,annov-
once of smoke and the danger of file from showers. .of spaik-s.
Wood is now selling on the. Hudson at ,five to six dollars a cord.
The cost, in fact, of pine Wood is shout double that of anthracite.
The passage and .freight; therefore, must, soon be reduced to
half the present rates. The Novelty is remarkable for the ease
with which she glides throngh the water, the,motion being with-. •
out any jarring.--New Yerk Evening Star.
The following from Naples, of the 12th instant, is extracted
from the Augsburg Gurette:.—ft Every thing: announces thee .a
new eruption of Vesuvius is at • hand. The smoke is not, how.
ever, as yet very perceptible, but the inclined plane .near the
crater is burning, and the excessive heat of the soil can hardy
be endured;"..

.
4 THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.
AUGUST
. . . - ansewaseareesessae. , .. -• ..
..,
, .......•,..,. -... .. •. -- ...... . • . • . .. , _ ..... . ~•
•
SoTS9/NGDrikEthSs. .
bury. He should certainly have an inquiry instituted into the 1 COIVTE .I.IIP OR AR Y_PRESS. on unexpected occasions, where the house has already ad- '
AfmN"Drellnieciair)alwit4h. 336 hds 6 tes
Imperiat i)arliamtnt. facts of that statement. (Hear.) He must say, however, that
dressed its attention to the whole case. The rule is a Sir John Tobin,WE firiarftrt.
even upon the hon. member's own showing there was not that
72 pns 4 hds rum, 44 pns 4 hds molasses, 25 tcs I hd coffee C W
We are afraid that the public have given but little at- : good one, but it was altogether inapplicable to the pelf- su9ar;hds - -4:110-
HOUSE OF COMMONS.-WEDNESDAY. in it which he seemed to think. One of the general rules made am.,l, Shand-90 sugar, 20 pns rum, N Waterhouse and Sons--fia
THE NEW POOR-LAWS, by the Poor Law Commissioners was that husband and wives tention to a bill which has already gone through its se- tion presented by Mr. Walter. After a long and.not hds sugar, 34 pns rum, J Bolton-P Dk ; LIVERPOOL COLONIAL MARKET, JULY 29.
Mr. WALTER said that he had been intrusted with a petition should be separated in work-houses. Surely it was necessary veral stages in the House of Commons, called the "Poll- ! very respectable struggle with that gentleman, the . BRITISH AMERICA
,defililaSt John,
15N B, with 59 ps birch and 775 ps ins The SUGAR Market continues very flat, and the -demand is so ll'''.
from magistrates, clergy, owners and occupiers of laud, guar-rth when an exception was to be made, that there should be a spe- ing at Elections Bill." The object of this measure is to Speake.r was compelled to give way; and Mr. Walter, timber 1G
Tait, lilt
311 c staves, abt 14 fins lethwood, (Abbe, mated that the sales only amount to 750 hds t rather lower
ices. In Bengal or Mauritius nothing has been• B.P.•llone. 150 cages
dians of the poor, and inhabitants of the parish of Petw?rhe cial order for it. In that case, also, it was one of the rules that limit tlif duration of polling at county elections to one upon the general. invitation of the house to do so, moved Bright and co.-River
, the halders being unwilling to make a reduction in prices.-The salea
;Brazil, and Be
hags Manilla Sugar olTeredby auction were withdrawn,
and the neighbouring parishes, in the of Sussex.
manner
in the poor receiving relief must be attended by the medical man day. Two days are to be allowed from the nomination that the petition be printed, and gave notice that lie ',aside, (572) Primrose, fm Quebec, with 30 r,s oak, 58 ps elm and
object of the petition was to deprecate the county
harsh
istrict. employed bv the union. Where an exception was to be made,
of the candidates to the commencement of the po ;it is would have it taken consideration on Mon- propose to
c 29 deals, 18 pr oars, 36 handspikes, D Gibb-B Dk
clean ordinary up to low middling qualities sold at an advance of 3s.
which the new. poor-law was enforced in that important d . , a special order would be also requisite fur the purpose.
WI 4f" cwt from the quay.-COFFEE. There has been an exten7
Andromeda, (345) Patrick, fm Quebec, with 61' ps oak, 9ps elm, 1 save demand for Plantatioe, and the sales reach 450 casks of Jamaica 1
and the finer descriptions, which most in request, sold fully 4s 41
The petitioners stated themselves to be all ratepayers, and Mr. BoNDAm said that the house was greatly indebted to the to commence on the third morning at eight o'clock, and day next.
hon. member for Berkshire for bringing this subject under its at five in the evening it is to conclude. All votes, which In the course of the debate Mr. Wakley reproved in ash, I pee birch and 239 ps pine timber, 371 c 25 deals, 991 cl 5
staves,pee J Froste and co-323 gun stocks, Order-B Dk
therefore the money for the humane relief of the poor must
grievance of which they
come out of their own pockets. The g notice. (Hear, hear.) He hoped that the hon. member would from any cause may not happen to be tendered within strong terms the indisposition of the house to listen to Esther, (351) Sparks, fm Montreal and Quebec, with (fm Montreal) cwt higher, one lot of extra floe, of a favourite mark, brought 12.0 •
Complained came, perhaps, under but -ornieev head 1 the
namely,
not stop there, but that he would appoint an early day fora
those nine hours, will be for that turn totally lost. the complaints of the poor •; and cited, in contrast, the 500 brls pot ashes, W A and G Maxwell-24 do, A W Hart-50 do, C 10,F. cwt. 18 , bales of Mocha were sold at the quotations. and 120 bag,s,
Order quality.-The sales of GINGER consist of I'2oo bags East Ind
order recently issued by thepoor-law commissioners, . g discussion on the question. He also hoped that his Majesty's
TWHFaitsnhiel do,Hamilton-a260.
605 r
bdexrs-t
ilnOpOlda
plates
nidc2lobisst
Tavuersk,
e2}2.
milogs
ga
roeatkd,timber tlO
,(I:3.lsoi)iin Ceylon, el:: Z:o),t
tduty,ij9 seta :72) too
ir,ir4l ss ;LI 0. rtdai;ir(y)s t:of:
We are ver • sensible of the great advantages of de- freedom with which hours had been devoted to the clim-
y
ia at 405
any out-door relief whatever to be given to the families of.able- ministers would give the hon. member an opportunity to bring
I ; such matters and the evilas. re- cession of apetition of three officers of the East India -2 es harps B recd, 1 fix patent bugles, J P Hauck-11•( brls or] ashes
bodied labourers; but that grievance was one which passed the matter forward. He said so because it was iu the power of spate' .n „ particularly
300 brls potashes, ashes,' Wildes, Pi kers ill and .'sa.es.l-3(10 bags PIMENTO So'a ' d IP' Itg'
id at 31
through every gradation of cruelty- ministers at this period of the session to prevent a discussion on gards expense, which flowed from the old system of poll- Company's service On a former evening. Mr. WakleY deals, Dickson and Stran 5: e g W Fisher S QDk
-a c staves, and on- and 400 ba.,es black PEPPER at 4(1 to 4itl ,Ir He-In II icE very little_
The SPEAKER, interrupting the hon. member, observed that the subject if they chose. ing for many days in succession; but we have serious 'night have found a mach stronger case without going so Westmorland, (279) Mackenzie, fm,St John, NB, with 23 ps birch
and 241 ps pine timber, 101 cl 4 deals and deal ends, 931 c ash head 11
co-(fm Quebec)'- 301 c 18
tins.-The demand
a;osdc;trrtn.,;lqdlo=sr,:lit
business has been done, the sales are confined Wit small parcel of,
be should confine himself to a statement of the substance of the Sir C. BURRELL said a few words, the purport of which did doubts whether the limit to one. day of nine hours is not far back. The officers referred to had a just ground of staves, 3 spars, 8 c oak lid staves, Cannon, Miller and co-B Dk
petition and the prayer of it. Such was the rule laid down by not reach us.
to run into the other extreme—an extreme more perni- complaint, and the House of Commons had in its hands 'hnt.d.st2Cnirottlire7s:nddC:arfe;
have been effected to the extent of 300 puns, principally' good and
the house. Mr. A. TREVOR said that facts, analogous to those stated by
MEDITERRANEAN. flies Demerara of high strength at 3 - (It '
Mr. WA LTER said that he should be most unwilling to trans- the hon, member for Finsbury, had been brought under his eious, in as much as by the tedious process the loss of the means of repairing the wrong suffered by them.
Psyche, (219) Young, fm Bahia and Trieste, with (fm Trieste) 665 The sales of INDIGO are confined ts 8 fewn49l2(l 4?
g at
v_i i corny. fii 1 1 priceS:
bgs shunaac, 17., brls flour, 1 cse liqueurs, 17 cks cream tartar, 150 bls and some SIMI. LAC on rather low:?raterrrise ifeosrtstral'iddline liven-7°
K. any of the rules or regulations of the house. It struck notice in respect to unions in the north of England. The sub- time and money to the candidate was the main evil, but But what was to be said for the hours wasted upon the
cotton„ 54 es. 4 brls beads, Order-24 eks gum. 42 t valonea, 2 bls vet-
him, however, that other gentlemen had been permitted to ac- jest was one that the house must take up. by the double quick time—the prestissimo method of this petition of ex-Elder Craig, no longer ago than the night bags of TURMERIC brought 20s IF cwt.-Lac DYE is in request, ands
low berries, 41 bls wool, 7 eks cream tartar, Geller and co-(fm Bahia)
afer:dv chestsloo
bo.o.folr RoAsToEldoafts2oso, attaidt
tlanaid
toE ~2t
ot.324rld,ct:itt.h 5 chests in-
company the petitions they presented with observations in illus-
franchise. '
new bill, the voters will, we fear, in many cases lose their before last. Craig had nothing to complain of. The
Mr. WiLKi also hoped that the hon. member for Berkshire
108 rosewood planks; Order-P Dk ferior at 15d Aft tb.loo chests of CASSIA LIGNEA rather mouldy, sold
tration of the statements contained in them. would fix a day for the discussion of this subject.
The SPEAKER repeated that the hon. member should only House of Commons had no jurisdiction in his case. Betsey, (146) Dunn, fin Terra Nova, with 200 tons, brimstone, at 58s ,ISI cwt.-11l SALTPETRE, 500 bags have been taken at 31s to 3:
Mr. WALTER said that he should not fail to adopt the advice
Order-K DkNNierr
state the substance of the petition, given hitn by gentlemen on the opposite side of the house, and It is a very tantalising sort of liberality which gives His petition was withdrawn, because it never ought to Fortuna, (132) P • ' C • 4 •
eerie, -in Catania an Falmouth with 180 tons Dimocios. About 100 to 'us of Cam each LOGWOOD have been
Mr. WALTER proceeded to say that the petition stated, with that he should certainly fix an early day for the purpose of bring- men an elective franchise as a great boon, for the sake of have been presented; but the chair never interfered brimstone, Priestley, Griffith and co-S Dk ' disposed of at £8 to £8 2s. 6d, and small ss, of St-
parcels at £8 3O 7 .
truth, that att the time when the present body of industrious ins forward this subject-in another shape. He would now move, which they are to forgive every folly in other matters though hours were squandered upon it. Craig is a rarli- FRANCE. Domingo at £3 17s 6d, and 30 of Jamaica at £3 15s to £5 17s 6d; i'l
labourers wh large families first married, the law and practice after the petition was laid on the table that it be printed and which d fall • dI ld S I
the donors maylnto, an then to set such i re- ca an cote 'man ; the poor sufferers at Petworth, and Vigilant, (70) Blancomier, fm Havre, with 4 cks 4es 4 bskts wine, FUSTIC, 10 tons of ordinary Cuba sold at £7 15 and 80 of Savanilla at
were to afford relief in proportion to the number of children circulated with the votes.
Bahr Behrend and co-4 cs do Melly Prey s , , o t and co-380 cs do, £47s 6d ; about 100 t f L NICARAGUA. 'iv is '
tons o Lima ..00D brow £l6 to
they had beyond those whom they could maintain by ordinarY The SPEAKER said that the hon. member should, at the same 'etions upon the mod of exercising that franchise as its neighbourhood, and their kind-hearted supporters, the ' -
strie
Ferguson, Miller and co--88 cs do, A Dennistoun and co-I0 es d A £l6 5s 4r ton in other kinds no sales reported T 1 • ''' importers
of
°, - the needs of ThRPEITIN l' I iarrived' having-• K
labour. In fact, every incitement was at that day held out•to time, name the day when he proposed to have it taken into con- will in numerous cases render it unavailable. We are rate-payers, who petitioned in their behalf, have neither Reid-2 cs 1 bskt do, J Knowles-2 cs do, J Dowson-2 hf cks do, W• •
industrious labourers to marry. For example, it was said in sideration. really at a loss to discern the motive of limiting. the poll- claim.—Standard. Tomlinson-2 cs 3 bskts do, Hatton and Son-1 cs 12 bskts do, Cor- prices to which the market has been depressed during the last few
amount to
the house by Mr. Pitt, " Let us make reliet, in cases where Mr. WALTER said he would name Tuesday next. • ins at contested elections, for even the most populatis • nigh and Erans--4 es do, Halliday--1 cs do, G A Lilly and co-4 cs do,
Vienna and Jones-20 cs do, Alanson and Brandreth-5 cs do, S Sails- 64.
~.seeks, the trade have bought more freely, and the sales anni .s.
00 brls, at 12s, to 12s 90 for good to fine quality ; ordinary parcels
there are a number of children, a matter of right and of honour, Lord J. It ussitaa recommended Wednesday. . counties, to nine hours, as well as to discover the practi- BRIEF CHRONICLE. Iney-1.7 es do, Kessler and co-14 es do, Nichol & Robinson-13 do, will not command more than Ils ; 800 to 1.00 brls offered by auction.
t d
instead of a ground for opprobrium and contempt. This will Several Members-There will be no house on Wednesday-... , Colborne and Dobbs-33 cs do. E Davies-4 es do, E Armstrong-56 4,i;Raiya were withdrawn, the highest bid' being Ils.-American roan?' cal reasoning by- which the framers of the measure sans- .
d for 100 / brls roan selected, 15a 6d to 16s has becn do , A Seignrtte-26 es do Order--1 cs do Willouehbv-2 es
make a large family a blessing, and not a curse • and this will Mr. WALTER said he would then adhere to Tuesday.
• • Upwards of 2,000 tickets are already sold for the great Mary- :obtained ; 1000 bids Archangel sold at P2s 90 from the quay.-The de-
draw a proper line of distinction between those who are able to Lord. J. Russaaa hoped that Tuesday would not be selected, fled themselves that they were not doing an injustice.
lebone Festival; on Wednesday, (to-morrow) and to which Senae I r and Bre ta n no-1 c' s do, R Brandt-I'es do J"W. Itidg v do,
4es du, Scholfield and Johnson-12 es do, M Heyes-lo cs dow, aF
--R
mend for Montreal Pot and Pearl ASHES is very limited, at 3.5 s for the
provide for themselves by their labour, and those who, after as there was very important business coming on that day. Suppose a general election to take place at the same nearly 39 distinguished liberal members of the House of Com- Grohte-5 cs do, T Y Lopez and co-6 .es do, J Giskarth-2 es do, M former, and 43s for the tall r description.-In QUERCITRON BARK
haviog enriched their country with 0- number of children, have Mr. WArzjaard, under such circumstances he would fix :
time the last did—to wit, in the last days of December mons have accepieil invitations to attend.-The Danish Govern- Gardner-12 cs do, E W Gaebel-4 dble esks 16 bskts do, N Sylvester there is no alteration.-Nothing done in CI.OVERSEED or Ftaxseen.e
a,,clatm upon its assistance' for their support." And Mr. Whits upon Monday,
ment have stationed a steam-vessel in Elsinore Roads, fur the -1 dble esk do, D Willink-12 cs conts unkn, Castellain & co-2 do. HIDES. The sales consist of 1000 dry. Bitenos A • Nl-
p•es and Mente 542,
and the in
bread, though opposed to Mr. Pitt in politics, said "As to the Mr. WAgLiy wished to know from the noble lord, the Sec- earliest January; storm '' " purpose of towing through the Sound such vessels bound to the Order-3 do, Castellain, Sons & co-10 do, J Knowles-1 do, W Lord 400 salted
to 10, SA•O Russian Kips at 919, old dry salted Brazil at ,
particular case of labourers who have to provide for a number retary of State, whether he would object to the appointment of be added to the, other little accessories of a polling day at la
naltiC Ports as may be detained at the entrance of the Sound :(1 c,°-1 do, J H Herop and co-2 do. GBurdy-Iltes do, Melly & Rio ilrende iaetii (4isd. zrrtse:tt 21,31dTtrT:sttw,itai.ait 41 tit; ;tt ti3to_o!t r3_:,
of children, the wisest thing for government, instead of Putting a committee early next session to inquire into this subject ?If such a season-7a season when daylight begins at half- by contrary witirls.-A fall of snow, to the d is de of two inches, queers, ,i;liaeork 5,4
ells latinlni fie 6-ash rot: t loazint
t PlRonitl;faDeture.sil.n.lll—crst:llaiiin 11 s.
and OAK BARK there are no sales to report-Tonacco. The sales
the relief afforded to such on a footing of charity, supplied per- the noble lord replied in the affirmative, it would give great. sa- past eight and ends at half-past three ; and then let it be took place at Canton, on the Bth of February. It is foray-six and co:-520 burr stones, Kay and llilton-n 8 cks brandy' , N Sylvester have been 110 Ms ;of tnese a few have •been for Ireland, and the re-
s. . .
baps from a precarious fund, and dealt with a reluctant hand, tisfaction to the country. considered how the polling of the electors of a county is years since a similar phenomenon occurred. •Thc natives call -K Dk . rnainder hayelaeen taken by the home-trade.
would be at once to institute a liberal premium for the encou- The SPEAKER said that that was not the correct time for put- . o
EUROPE. ME DITTERANEAN PRODUCE.
" and • cotton "-Mr N M Rothschild, the .
it goosetail
to be managed between eight in the morning and five in
rageinent of largelwil les." ling such a question to a minister of the clown. It should be
g Hebrew capitalist, is under severe illness at Maria, (154) Jaeghere, fin Bruges, with 65 tons oak bark, Order- For BRIMSTONE there has been less inquiry this' week but the ,
Mr. J. PARKER (of Sheffield) rose to order. He submitted done on notice, the afternoon. Two hours of this time the worthy elect- great ' - labouring • •• -Q Dkprices remain Frankfort, where lie went to be present at the marriage of his Atlas, (171) Schmidt,f Antwerp, with I 5 bales without alteration,• • ' not, and the principal importers are
in 2... flax, Tenuants, disposed to sell :it present quotations,-About 300 bags of good Nil
that the hon. member had no right to go into these general
.Mr. WALTER having brought up the petition, it was ordered ors, however clear-sighted upon political matters, must sun.-The French government have announced that after the' maaraaa ao_aao
,J C Kemp 20 o, A Hood-40 do, T and A Trieste Static sold st • eadily by nuetion at s ficl le•
be ; there is a fair
statements on the presentation of a petition. -to be printed with tl.e votes. He then gave notice, that..on exercise their elective franchise in the dark ;at all events ; 15th of next month a light will be placed en the point of V er, Browne-00 t oak bark, J Johnstone-I bx pictures, Order-Q Dk demand for Sicilv.,-ARGous of low quality have been partially ice
the WALTER said that he had only referred' to the state- Monday next he would bring 'the subject uoder the considera- they will not have the light of day to help themandun- ;
meats in explanation of what had been the law and the prat- lion of the house. •graduate being asked, in his divinity enatnin.atiens, who
was Came and Tclo-Q Dk and
wanted.-Nothing worthy of notice has been done in MADDERS
less polling booths be more comfortably arranged than we graduate on this subject formerly. But now, the law and the prat- Mr. C. Lusirra*ToN gave notice that, next sesssions, .he. , Jesse? answered, " The flower of Duniblane.' -The total sub- lIMMINIMMEMS7•Immr•i-- ONIMIAMMI•11 or MADDER ROOTS.-About 40 bales good Persian BERRIES have found .
lice turned round upon these unhappy industrious' people, and would move resolutions declaratory of the imolicv of the arch- will be no easy have generally seen then), •it matter to scriptions in behilf of the Irish clergy now amount to P 137,420.,. buyers at 415 4P'.cwt.-At a small-sale of 20 tons VALONIA of middline:
forbade all relief to them except such as they should receive bishops and bishops having seats in the house of Lords. have the aid of candles in them, while a December or -Mr. Seaar, the barrister, has been appointed Recorder of ,itipptiig ilittittgencc. quality, the whole was sold at Xl6 lOs tr, ton.-The, demand for 01,-tvii ,
when immured in the prison of a district workhouse, in which The prisoners counsel bill was referred to a select commit- January blast is howling [brought them. Some persons, Wigan. Mr. Seg-ar is a Roman Catholic of liberal politics.- ......_..0r0- Om Continues languid, and prices are rather more in favour of the
buyers ; the business done this week has been Hearty all in small lots
they were to go to Led at this time of the year at eight o'clock tee. exceedingly wise in their own conceits, inay shrug. their It is very generally rumoured that no successor to the laic Sir FRIDAY, JULY 29.-N oon, Wind S.W.-Fresh, to consumers.-No further imports of SEAL ()IL have been received
in the evening, the husband to be separated from his wife, and 'the hackney carriages' bill was brought under consideration,
shoulders such " trifling." Tliey •
at objections as ~ Francis Freelin, will be appointed till the whole of the New ARRIVED—The Aimwell, Power, from Bahia-Garland, Adams fm this week, but two cargoes have been sold to arrive.-CoD OIL is
the children, except perhaps such as were at the breast, severed and tbit led to the house being counted out.
' im-•/ Post-office arrangements are completed.-It is in contemplation Woodbridge-Georgia, --. from Apalachicola-Carraboo, Fell: fm rather mere inquired for at a small advance.-Some little business has
be so to very profound philosophers, who know no more' been done in SEED OILS and a small improvement realized.-The sales,.
from their parents. The petitioners had already applied to the The house adjourned at eight o'clock.
to forma railway from Newcastle to Edinburgh, by way of Buenos Ayres-Betseys, Dunn, from Scilly paid belmouth-Rachel, f p 0
poor-law commissioners themselves for a relaxation of this afro- of the practical working of an election than the sage who Berwick.-The Russian navy consists of 1196 vessels, and the Moffatt, from Sydney, : South .
New Wales, Balled 22d Ma , lare mil? about 71 tons at I:38 10s tu £3./ er ton.-011. O.
fro _•r .h
--For, 2. . ALM L . r.. . . ,
tune, Price, from Catania.-St. Patrick,
mous and unnatural order; and, procuring. no relaxation of it •
HOUSE OF LORDS.-THNISDAY. analyzes nitrate of potash knows of the sovereign virtues strength of the land force is -803,000 men !---Fartners begin to Lukkina M'argaretha, Hovelung, from AmsteidainnlNePtunus Bak: clean HEme have been taken at £2.8 5s to 1:28 10s, and Riga outshot at
from them-no relief to the victims of it from them-to whom
In the House of Lords, the Royal Assent was given to 31 of saltpetre i.n curing beef; but we are very certain that be apprehensive of a second year's failure in the turnip crop, a ker, from Dordrecht. ' £27 10s #, ton.-In FLAX no sales effect d.-The business in 'ration'
could they fly but to that house-the representatives, he-hoped
tinues very limited the u t." , q ota ions obtained only for small parcela.
üblic and private bills. . upon such matters the election of the representatives of circunistance which has been rarely known to occur.-On a SAILED-Yeoman, Mitchinson, for St. Petersbur! (put back)-Mar- c"
he might still say, of the poor and the oppressed ? In addition
P The Mt rquis of LONDONDERRY, in moving that sundry coal -o recent occasion, 'he marine worms that injure ships bottoms,v tin, Mitchinson, for Quebee-AdonaL Harris, for Elsinoreakc-Ocean
to the petition, he had also received a letter from a gentleman
returns be printed, complained that a bill was about to be in- in the House of C n
the people of England cant ons must
were found to have fastened on every description of wood form- Queen, Carnie, for Pugwash (put hack)-Indus, Hunter, for mirami.
of the first respectability in the parish, of which he would read
troduced (for repairing and widening Blackfriars-bridge) con- depend.
in g the bottom of an unsheathed vessel, save the ja; root, not alai-Lady Rowena, Main, and Victoria, Candler, for Charleston- L.VERPOOL CO i"I'ON NA RKET. JULY 29. • '
a part, as necessary to the better understanding of the case:- tinning a duty ou coal. He hoped the government would at- Suppose the clerks in a polling booth to work from its even sparing the teak.-The Glasgow steamer sailed front Lon- Duncan- Gib(, ArGrath for New Orleans (put- back)-New Orleans In the earlier art of the resent t
P . nmonth market waslull, bu.
n„ on, and et•, Allan,for 'le >et, . az ,
Purr,n B . '•
Q I •-m era M•Gill, for G'h ' • • •
" I shrink with horror from the cruelties which are now befog • .
i rat- • with causing any material decline in prices until the end of the se.
^ tend to the subject. . opening. to its close, without a moment's cessation to eat, don ou Thursday for St. Sebastian with 100 recruits and eon- tar-Flora, Miller, for Afriea (put bark )=-Sal y, M' Kenzie, for Dan- cond week, when some few- holders, being anxious to effect sales,. •
practised upon my poor fellow-parishioners, and trust inat the
On the motion of Lord LYNDHURST, the "Church of Ire- drink, or blow their fingers, could they do more than poll siderable stores for time British legion.-A country paper says, sia (put filler,
Crocker. for Boston. offered their stock so low as to induce'speculators to operate to a con-
mast prompt steps will be taken to cause a relaxation in the
land" bill was read a third time and passed. There being no •eo er is now .Cl2O a ton, anti still rather sensitive fur •
rules laid down by the commissioners; being convinced that, ifper minute) We suppose. not. Now this bill al- ' PP ' looking
a man .siderable extent, and they being followed' by the trade, who also
offurt on the art of the government to restore the expungeda further advance." Fancy the sensitive looks of a ton of cop- Andromeda, Latimer, and Barton, Anwyl, hence, at Barbadoes. bought largely, prices recovered their previous depression.
they are adhered to, numbers around me must perish ere thelows at the very utmost 540 minutes for each polling Robert Sargent, Williams, from Barbadoes, at Bristol ; sailed tOth This week, however, the demand has fallen off, and prices have appro appropriation clauses, &c., no remark was made, and- no per !-Another colliery e.Nplosion has 'taken place near re-
cluseNew-
of the next winter, either by want or by those fruitless at-
di vitionpcalled for. ~ booth to be open. Either there must be niore polling, castle, by which two men ands boy lost their lives, and seven June.
Inglis,
ceded id to Id per lh in the common qualities of American. 1,000
tempts at resistance to which they will be goaded."
On the motion of the Bishop of EXETER, the Marriages Bill booths than hitherto there have been, or some of the vo. others were burnt.-The English engravers on wood are, at Jane Goudie, —, from MauritiUs, at ditto. 600 Surat for export.
einem are on speculation, and 100 American and
The SPEAKER said he must again remind the hon. member . d
was re-coma ,fitted., . tern must be turned away. Five hundred and forty voters present, fully occupied by French publishers.-An eminent Morven, Mitchell, from Cape-of Good Hope, at Cove. The only difference in our esent quotations, as compared with
that he was infringing that rule of the house which required
The Bisho of EXETER moved the omission of certain words merchant in New York is now building several new ships, in- Aid, Attridge, from Bathurst, at ditto, those of the Ist instant, is a dec ine of ald per tb in the common qua-
be he should only state the substance of the petition and the oin the o it us
per booth won't d . epp lo counties. And this,
in clause 19,Pf0 hepups oe of introducing a form of words to r t tended for a new line of Liverpool packets.-Lady Emmeline Recovery, S i_imkius, from Quebec, at ditto. lities of American and Surat. The total sales of the month are 83,000
prayer of it.remembered, is the outside number, without
be it . . , any al- Montague, Turnbull, from SL Vine Clyde off Cove Vincent for the ~ .
be eonounced by parties at the time of contracting marriage,Stuart 'Wortley, dauohter of the Duke of Rutland, is the pre- bales, of which 7,400 American and 1,400 Pernams have been taken
Major BEAUCLERK said he wished to say one word with re- 1 • •
which omission was carried to then moved
Bard to the rule in quesiion. He seldom addressed the house,The Adelaide,
insertion of the form, declaratory of their contracting the mar- of rival voters in front of the booths, and for " lack o' are,engaged to perform at the St, James's theatieo-There are Leghorn. Perriam;
but nevertheless he was anxious that this rule should be pro. •
Surat have beeu forwarded into the country unsold.
age in the presence of ALMIGHTY GOD, the sun," half an hour in the morning, and an hour and a upwards of '2l/0 female painters in France, who regularly exhi- Louisa. Gibbs, hence, at Gibraltar.
perly understood. He had observed upon late occasions some
g, , the ar of Ripon, and Lord Melbourne , n Lord Ellenborou hE .1
in the evening. We very seriously submit that this ha their productions in the annual exhibitions of modern art in Athol, Greig, from Paraiba. at Gibraltar.
gentlemen speaking for two hours together in presenting pet,-
hoped that this amendment would not be carried, as it was con-' the, Louvre.-It is reported and believed at Amsterdam, that The Dorset, Clark, from London, at Bridport, with
.bow stoved, ACCOUNT OF SALES, AND IMPORTS OF COTTON.
lions, and others, on similar occasions, making orations of not is rather sharp practice. It is particularly so for the aged, having been in contact with the Eliza, of Liverpool, while at anchor From the 23,1 inst. to this day inclusive.
teary to the principle of the bill. the eldest son of the Prince of Oran ' Orange Is to marry a daughter ii Dungeness
less than an hour's duration. Now, what he wished to know
Lord- MaarsouestE wished it to be deferred, and moved that or the sick and infirm voters, who generally wait until of the Emperor Nicholas, and his second' son the Princess Vic- 'mar - ',.. • • • Mary, NPRenzie, from Gallipoli, at Falmouth, SA.LES., . IMPORTS.
was, whether it was to be understood that no gentleman should
„ Sales
the house resume, which proposition was negatived by 17 to 15. the rush and hurry of the polling are over. If they do curia, presumptive heiress to the English crown. The Premier, from Madras for London, took fire at Ascension 29th DESCRIPTIONS. Prvsly This . This Prv511.,:l
make a speech on the presentation of a petition, but should
Eventually the Bishop of Exeter's amendment was agreed to •
s this under the new system, and they must do so or risk _ ___________ May, and burned until the followifig morning:when she filled. this Year Week of the week. Week this Year
'
limit himself strictly to a statement of the substance and prayer
The Carraboo, Fell, arrived at this port from Buenos Ayres, sailed
and all the clauses having been passed, the report was ordered • •
TIMBER SHIPS FROM! CANADA.-We , DA - e r • •
. W are glad to learn from. it. their lives,) they will find that when the hurry is over, the ead May ; the Mary was to sail in three days for this port. The Car- 'Sea Island Georeii...... ' 8310 270 03,3,-," 39d
to be brought up on Monday.
our cerresipondent at Sunderland, that a meeting of the sub- ' taboo was in contact last night with the Laura, for Monte Video, and Stained Ditto 1460 180 , 9},- 151 1.4020 238865
The SPEAKER said, that he had endeavoured, as far as it was
Several bills were then advanced a stage, and their lordships. election is over, and that they cannot vote at all.
scribers of the Mutual Insurance Marine Policies Company has ost bowsprit. Upland Ditto 197460 3120 81 - 111
practicable, to adopt and enforce the rule laid down by the house
adjourned: -- We are glad to see that one member of the House of just been held the're, and that the following amongst other re- The Rachel, Moffatt, arrived at this port from Sydney, New South Alabama 7a - 101
on the subject. (Hear.) The rule was, that if a petition was -
HOUSE OF COMMONS.-TinIiSDAY. . Commons, and, to the shame of the /Therais be it said, a gulations, for the ensuing year, was adopted :---•• That ships Wales, sailed 22d March ; the Edinburgh sailed.four days previous ; • Mobile I 4
9..340 3790 8. -
alll 10863 27170 •
presented referring to a subject before the house, the hon. mein-
Another discussion took place on the Trinity (North Leith)
from America be allowed 'to load not snore than two loads of the Kennam.was to sail 23(1 for London. On the 29th Instant, in lat. New Orleans 168530 3140 81 -14 '
tory did bear in mind the necessity that the lshould
peop e
long. 22 25 W, spoke the Goshawk, hence for Hobart Town, Pernambuco
her presenting it should confine himself to a statement of the dock and harbour affair. On a division, they ayes were 33, the -
timber ur deals, on deck, to the keel ,1 as entered in the mutual •10 8'40410 1690 114 - 131 .1 3652 :;4676
substance and prayer of such petition: There was, however. a noes 25. be allowed a fair opportunity of recording their votes, On Ist June, in lat. 240 S, long. 28 Il W, spoke' the Alpha, hence, Aricati and Ceara... .1 ll} - 121
policies, on the summer voyage (seventeen load per keel.) 1
-o for Buenos Ayres. Bahia and Ma 21620 710 101 ;- 13 970 • 12435
class of petitions which were often presented to the house, corn-
Mr. Witas presented a petition from the collectors of as- and moved that, under certain conditions, a candidate case any vessel do load mere on the summer voyage, or proceed
Maranham
plaining, of individual grievances, and not relating to any
1 28380 up 114.- 14 I 3780 21e1
sassed taxes, complaining that their stipends had been ruinously might call upon the sheriff' to erect a polling booth for homeward with aileck load, after the Ist of October, the owner Sawginned " 104 - 114
general public matter alit was before the house. It was the
SATURDAY, JULY 30.-Noon, Wind N.W.-Fresh breeze.
diminished ince the great diminution of those taxes. very 450 voters in each district. This was not oppoSed, to pay a premium of £5 per cent. on the sum insured, whether . Para 6O 0- 0
pleasure of the house, in regard to these petitions, that the hon. Mr F. BARING 'that there disposition to e " said
any damage happen oranot, and to be uninsured until the same ARRIVED—Zoe, Holmes, from Mauritius-Chester, Suttie, from St. "eruvian 1430 0 - 0 2195
members presenting them should be allowed to go into a state- 'but reserved for insertion in a future stage of tile. bill. John, N.8.-Dibdin, Hutchinson, from Quebec-Eve, —, from thenerara and Berbiee, 1320 30 13 - 131 1597' •
to the case, but they knew not how to provide redress.
is paid." By this regulation, a ship of 20 keels burthen, or Trieste-Vigilant, _, from Havre-Courier, . , from 'Ham-
of the facts and argutnents connected with them. As far
Lord J. RUSSELL withdrew for the present session the poor
about 260 tons, is limited to forty loads of deck timber in sum- bro', and Regina, Nielson, from Kiel-Pennsylvania, Smith, from 0- ° 12 4877
Common West I ndia... 1590 0- 0
as he was able, be had endeavoured to enforce the rule in the for this " future stage," and see that his clause makes New York-Oglethorpe, Miller, from Savannah. .
law amendment bill;
trier, and is prohibited from carrying any in winter, without in- La Guayra 5280 50 111 - 112 930
manner he had stated.
Major BEALiCLEITE said that in what he had stated on the its appearance upon it. Such a provision may increase marina a penalty. By the former regulations vessels were un- C.irthaeena - (1
Mr. WALTER said that he should not have occupied the time
A dismasted schooner, and between fifty and sixty small craft put gni vrn'l ,
' • presentation of the petition by Mr. Walter, he had not intended the expense, but that we consider of small importance restricted in the amount of their clack load' all the year; and 30 0 - 0
of the house for more than five minutes in presenting this peti-
into Beaumarislast night.
Egyptian' 18770 390 14a -17 316 10-11
to impugn the conduct of the Speaker.
v ships of the burthen just named have been known 'to carry 70 A sloop sunk this fiirenoon in the New Channel.
tion if he had been allowed to proceed without interruption. It compared with the benefit to be derivedfrom it—namely,
Sarat and Madras - 40810 1220 51 - 8 020
The SPEAKER declared himself ready to adopt the course ' ' ' loads of deck timber, and other vessels have carried as much in Bland, Callan, hence, for Calcutta, off Bardsey, 28th July.
Ben,l ~ ........ - 6 ' 11118
appeared from the statement contained in this letter that the
pprove, •if in is previous e r s e a that the House mieht a ' li. fro t h h d that of affording a reasonable time for electors to tender
proportion to their burthen. We are greatly surprised that Frances, Heath, hence, for Bombay, pff Bardsey, 28th July. Per public sale this day
board of guardians had refused to act; and it would be' impos-- - -- • their votes. Nine hours, with the abatement of ordinary such' -
misunderstood their wishes. •
a regulation as that adopted b the Sunderlandcompany
sable for him to do justice to the case of the petitioners unless
Mr. EWA RT Clt f the selectcommittee on interruptione presente the report o e -
he was allowed to state the circumstances connected with that
Tigris (steamer) foundered in the Euphrates during a violent hurri- Manilla, &c . - 0
the Lords' amendments to the prisoners' defence by counsel months, are certainly not more than enough for the poll- since,-for nothing can be more certain, than that the practice cane 21st May. The Lieutenant, a passenger, and eighteen of the
fact. The hon. member proceeded to read time letter as
--
bill, which recommended the house not to agree to Lords' • .
ing of 450 votes in each booth. of carrying deck loads has been the immediate cause of the loss crew drowned. 5 ---
follows :--
La 636020 ,15600 33613 650828
amendments. 'Thereport, after some coraversation, was ordered
f a large number of ships employed in the North American Dirondelle, ----, hence, at Puerto Cabello. and sailed for
" One rule sent down by the board of guardians is, that noThe bill contains some new regulations for changing °.
Tl •
...====s.,,=:,„:„:„..._____
to lie on the table.timber trade. A vessel laden with fir timber, and carrying 'a Guayra previous to 15th June. _________________, .., „ -so
relief be eranted to able-bodied labourers after the 21st ult., The Poole • bit d third time and passed, the places of polling in counties upon the representation corporation i was read a t deck load, in addition to her cargo, is -necessarily placed in ihe Ellen rooks; Redman, and Lavinia, Jones, hence, at New Orleans. , LIVERPOOL CORN
however large his family
.may be; and the only alternative held
June,
Castle, Nicoll, sailed from Pue to Cabello for this port, 15th EXCHANGE, AUG. I.
after a division of 74 to 30. of justices of the peace,:or the high sheriff; !auctioned by
. greatestjeopardy in crossing the Atlantic. It is all top-weight, The supplies of all kinds of grain and Flour from Ireland have been
out, except starvation, is, that the elder children may be sent
The House then went into committee on the Greek load act. the King in council. These are regulations which plight and it a sea strike it on the beam, it is a hundred to one that 11...inia, Jones, hence, at Charleston. extremely small. The Wheat trade has been firm at Tuesday's prices,
to one workhouse-the man and his wife, with the younger A message from the Lords brought up theirish tithe bill, as ,_ A and -
,
be
abused, such changes, except upon very solid she is not capsized.-Shipping Gazette. Adam Lodge, Pace, hence, at New York, sth July, but not much business done.
children, tu another ; but then in this other the man and his wife
amended by their lordships, and, on the. motion of Mr. Rica,
Lockwooda, Mackie, and North America, Dixey, hence, at ditto, Oats and Oatmeal havet been in better demand, and prime fresh
are to be kept apart by stone walls. Another rule also is, that
the amendments were read a first time, and ordered to be printed grounds of particular expediency, are to be deprecated. LEGAL ETIQUETTE.-In the course of . a trial at Derby 6th Julyt Flour in good request at Is per 2801fis advance.
no medical relief is to be afforded to the wife or children of an
and taken into consideration on Tuesday next. But in thesealays, when every reader of a penny maga- assizes on Tuesday last, before Mr. Baron Park, there was a Victoria, Rusland, and Liverpool, Johnstone, hence, at St. John, WHEAT, r 70lb. Bd' S d OATS 4,5 il a d
able-bodied man, because relief to them is reliet to hint. Ii he
After a division the report of the charitable trustees bill was zinc thinks himself fit to re-alienthe ge world ,itis in
id • • •-• good deal of bickering between the different counsel engaged N.B. English, new red, 746 7 8 Irish,' 4r
• Hs'
' s
n. kOndried 2 11 6 3 3
is himself ill, the medical officer is to attend, but his wife and
received, and the house was occupied for several hours in dis- vain to d •
contend against the too-ready adoption of a tin- in the cause, to which his lordship kindly lent his aid; and ob- Eliza, Fox, and Dryope, Hamilton, bence, at Quebec. Do. old 78.. 8 2 Do, old do.
3 a ~ 3 i
• hdfdeh th 1 the Hanse, Schroeder, frorn Ilambro', for this port, at Deal. Do. new white .. 7 9 ..' 8 2
children are to be left to die. The guardians of the Petworth
serving t e een an S attorney w isper.ing o is counsel, ,
Do. prime,42lb
cussing various clauses.
Eagle, Hamilton' hence, at Mo d r sgao e. Do. 01d... n A n n 1,- _._
CI le of change.—Morntng Herald. . - ' learned judge 'complained much of solicitors thus, "ear-wig- ..,.. , . ...a .
Union have strongly remonstrated against the first of the above
Several divisions took place, but the report was ultimately P

" One rule sent down by the board of guardians is, that no
relief be granted to able-bodied labourers after the 21st ult.,
however large his family may be; and the only alternative held
out, except starvation, is, that the elder children may be sent
to one workhouse—the man and his wife, with the younger
children, to another ; but then in this other the man and his wife
are to be kept apart by stone walls. Another rule also is, that
no medical relief is to be afforded to the wife or children of an
able-bodied man, because relief to them is relief to him. If he
is himself ill, the medical officer is to attend, but his wife and
children are to be left to die. The guardians of the Petworth
Union have strongly remonstrated against the first of the above
orders, have begged to be allewed a discretionary power in ex-
treme cases of taking some of the children into the poorhouse,
and this their reasonable request has been absolutely refused.
They met yesterday, and unanimously resolved not again to
form a board, or in any way to make themselves the instruments
of such unheard-or-cruelties. More than 30 women attended
the board yesterday with cries and lamentations, and praying
that relief which the guardians are not permitted to give. I
suppose that it is in mere mockery they are called guardians."
And the same gentleman had since written to him as follows:
" Daily cases of great suffering are brought forward: one was
mentioned to me to-day, of a person king 'lB hours in excru-
ciating torture, fur want of that medical aid which was refused
to be ordered for him by the relieving officer, and which was at
length bestowed gratuitously by a medical man of this town,
who lives out of the union in which the poor creature was thus
relieved, from mctires of mere compassion. Under the present
system of medical treatment, or rather lack of treatment, man v
must die. First, the relieving officer is to be found—he may be
miles away; then the medical men, who may be as far off in
another direction. Meanwhile the father or mother of a large
family is dying in agony, or seeing one of their children in that
state.

He (Mr. Walter) should only add to these statements, that they
came from a gentleman who had no original objection to a
change in the administration of the law.
The SPEAKER wished to know whether this letter formed any
portion of the petition ?
Mr. WALTER replied in the negative.
The SPEAKER said, that if the hon. member wished to pro-
duce a general discussion on the subject of the poor-laws, the
course for him to pursue was to present this petition, to move
that it be printed with the votes, and then to give notice of a
day for taking it into consideration. (Hear, hear.)
Mr. WALTER said, that though, from the unwillingness of the
house to hear all that could be fairly said on this subject, he
must oniit much of what he had intended to state, this he would
say, that Lord Althorp had expressly declared in that house that
it was not intended to do away with outdoor relief in all cases.
How far the practice had coincided with the noble lords' profes-
sions, the hon. member said, the petition which he should now
have the honour to present painfully attested. It was signed by
two magistrates, by the rector of Petworth, by six other clergy-
men, of the neighbourhood, by thirteen guardians of the poor,
and nearly 300 rate-payers; and he (Mr. Walter) believed that
no petition had ever been presented which, from the severity of
the evils denounced by it, and the character and station of those
who denounced them, more thoroughly deserved the attention
of. the house. (Hear, hear.)
Major BEAUCIERK said, that he had been requested to support
the prayer of this petition, and he looked upon it as one that
was eminently deserving of the serious attention of the house.
Mr. WAELEY said, that it was with regret he saw that the
complaints of the poor met with such a reception in that house
—from a liberal parliament and a liberal ministry. If such
was to he a sample of what they were to expect from them here-
after, ho would say that the sooner there west.° be an end to.
such a liberal ministry the better. When the sufferings and
grievances under which the poor laboured were brought before
the house, the
greatest impatience was manifested by honour-
able.members. Now he felt it his duty to protest against such
a course of proceeding. He recollected that the other day when
a.petition was presented from three individuals who had beets
officers in the East India Company's service, there was a dis-
cussion that lasted for an hour and twenty minutes. When,
b
hpwever, the poor came before the house; the Utmost impa-
tience was manifested at their complaints, and the hon. memer
who had their petition in his charge, was scarcely 'able to sib-
tain a hearing. It appeared to him that such conduct wai any-
thing but creditable to the character of the house. The Com-
plaints as to the administration of the Poor Law Act.yaere
universal throughout the country. He would give some in-
stances which had reached himself. He was informed that in
the union of Stow-market, there being two old persons in the
workhouse, husband and wife, of when, the husband was blind,
the wife had not been allowed to attend her decrepid old part-
ner on his death bed until a special order came down for the
purpose from the Poor Law Commissioners in London. (Hear.)
Another fact was, that a woman who was neglected by the
medical man employed by the union for the space of two
months, sent for another practitioner to attend her. The poor
law officer shortly afterwards called upon her, and desired to
know who it was that she had employed; and on her informing
him, ho told her that unless she employed the person selected
by the union, her relief should be suspended. She was obliged
accordingly to do so. The disease with which she was affected
was one of great bodily suffering, and vet she was obliged to
give up the medical attendant of her choice. Unless she did
so she would have been consigned to starvation. Practices
such as these would not be long endured by the people of this
country, and it would be a disgrace to the Legislature if it did
not interfere for their protection.
Mr: HOME would appeal to both hon. members whether they
were not liable to be led astray by the representations of inter-'
tttut-Parties. He thought that the information given to his
7:2l_,friends, the member for Finsbury, would, uponinquir , he
found net to be correct. He was satisfied that whenever -the
6Zl',""'ealnee under discussion the' conduct of the Poor Law
Mmissio
G., ire.Yivorld he borne out and justified by facts.
shire would-ive n n.trusted that the hon. member for Berk-
alt.,,d-3 of a 'notion upon the subject.
he had. not heard. fr.is that he would not have stated facts that
ready to- furnish theins
thepe best authority; and he was perfectly
meet with the name of the of State for the Herne Depart-
with the information. e practitioner who had furnished him
The Marquis of CNA/it:irk sem
the of State i
lord, the Secretary fin. t
%st he wished to ask the noble
e Dartment, whether,
in the orders that had been given belyb poor Law Commis-
sioners, with regard to the windows inthweork houses, they
directed to he so constructed that the - were
enabled to see out of them ? inmates should not be
Lord J. Russia!, w
it had it would have comas not aware that any such order
had
been made, indeed, ife tinderlsis
as one of the general rules. He would take that op l tunic notice
p
to say a word as to the statement of the hon. member for Fins-

The Poole corporation bill was read a third time and passed,
after a division of 74 to 30.
The House then went into committee on the Greek loan act.
A message from the Lords brought up the Irish tithe bill, as
amended by their lordships, and, on the motion of Mr. RICE,
the amendments were read a first time, and ordered to be printed
and taken into consideration on Tuesday next.
After a division the report of the charitable trustees bill was
received, and the house was occupied for several hours in dis-
cussing various clauses.
Several divisions took place, but the report was ultimately
agreed to.
The House adjourned ata quarter-past two o'clock.
HOUSE OF LORDS.—FRIDAY.

The Marquis of CLANRIeARDS rose to renew the motion that
he Stafford Borough disfranCh4ement bill be read a second
ime.

The Loon CHANCELLOR observed that the bill raised this
question, whether or not the whole town should be disfranchised,
and to that he was prepared to give a negative, as a sufficient
case had not been made out. _ _

The House divided, when there appeared, for the second
reading (content) 4 ; for the amendment (not content) 55.
Majority 51.

ESTABLISHEDCIIC/RCI4 BILL.

Viscount MELBOURNE, in proposing the second reading of
this bill, said it had been stated out of doors that the measure
went to create new episcopal sees. The fact was not so, neither
did its authors propose to introduce into parliamentany additional
ecclesiastical peers. It had been found that the sees of Glouces-
ter & Bristol might be advantageously united, as might those of
St. Asaph and Bangor. It had likewise long been matter of
great inconvenience and the cause of great complaint, that the
sees of York and of Chester should be so very large. Those two
latter sees it was proposed to divide into four, and to unite those
four first mentioned so as that they should form only two. Thus
there would be no addition made to the 1-louse of Lords, no in-
crease of ecclesiastical authority in that branch of the legislature,
nor would episcopal jurisdiction be in any way extended. On
that point there was a general misapprehension of the provisions
of the bill, and he wished to give to that a most distinct contra-
diction. To him it did appear that the opponents of the mea-
sure thought they had nothing to do but to retrench superfluities,
and they accused right rev. prelates on that commission with
gross cupidity and avarice, upon the ground of the recommen-
dations contained in the report—for those charges, he would as-
sert, there did not exist the shadow of foundation. Even
those who professed themselves dissenters from the- church
would rather it should remain established, than submit to the
dominancy of any of the sects into which the protestant commu-
nit) was divided. In defence of the amount at which they pro-
posed to fix the income of the Archbishop of Canterbury, he
thought he was justified in saving that the sum of £15.000 a
year was not too much, considering the state of society in this
country, the dignity which that prelate had to maintain, the
exercise of a becoming hospitality, of a fair and liberal contribu-
tion to charities, and, on the whole, for a genetous and credita-
ble expenditure.
The Marquis of CLANRICA RDE said his chief reason for op-1
posing the bill was that he did not regard it as likely to be a
final settlement of the subject.
The Bishop of ExEme. although he warmly assented to the
general policy of the bill, said that he thought instead of having
a septennial revision of the revenues of the sees, it would have
been much wiser to give the measure a permanent character,
and a security against repeated changes. 'He lamented also
that-thiecommission was te be made a corporation, because
there was no reason why it should be so, except for the purpose.
of making perpetual changes.
The Bishop of HEREFORD said that he felt this bill to he a
blow struck at the church, which would be so fatal that he fear-
ed it would never recover from its effects.
After some observat ions from the Archbishop of CANTERBURY,
;n reply to the Bishop of HEnEFoitn, relative to the provisions
of the bill, it was read a second time.
The !louse then adjourned.

The House of Commons last night exhibited a scene,
from which the humbler classes may learn how much they
have obtained in the way of either respect or protection
by ,that reform, in procuring which they, were the real
and only efficient agents. There never sat in Westmin-
ster, before the year 1832, a House of Commons so little
accessible to the petitions of the people, as the houses
that have sat since that year. The change from King
Arthur, in triumph, to the desponding and testy prince,
commanding—" Petition me, no petitions," was not more
violent than the change that has taken place in this re-
spect, in the temper and demeanour of "the people's
house."

While, indeed, Lord Canterbury continued to occupy
the speaker's chair, the natural kindness of his disposi-
tion, and the mild urbanity, inseparable from high birth
and conservative associations, greatly mitigated in effect
the repulsive and sullen (may we not call it selfish) arro-
gance of the majority of that house over which he pre-
sided. The representatives of the chandler-shoppety,
however, decided, with unconscious justice, that Sir
Charles Manners Sutton was no fitting representative for
them. They voted that incomparable public officer out
of the chair, and far be it from us to deny that they per-
fectly suited themselves in a successor. As the law of
parliament is now administered, the doors of the house,
which it was a boast, lay open to every petitioner, are
now kept as close as the door of a gaol. The supplicant
for relief or justice, if he come not in a gorgeous equi-
page, or followed by a boisterous mob, must stand out-
side until he and his petition be carefully scrutinised
through a grated wicket, with a turnkey scowl; and then
he can obtain the admission of his appeal, cnly upon
terms that is not to be read—not to he spoken of—in short,
that it is to go precisely fur nothing. The fact is, that
the effectual presentation of a petition, which used to be
the rule, is now the exception, and a very rare exception
too. And, what is the pretext for this insulting exclu-
sion of the people from "the people's house ?" What is
the reason given for this so serious—so unconstitutional
—abridgment of the rights of the British nation ? The
necessity, forsooth, of saving the time of the house—the
indispensable need of sparing.' the preciouB time of
Messrs. Silk Buckingham and O'Connell, T. Duncombe
and Ruthven, Poulter, Brady, Hume, and Gisborne, and
Ripon, and: the rest of t,lte radical "rump," and . Irish-
"tail." The time of the house! Why, to what good
purpose does the house turn its time? What has this
House of Commons done to prove that its time is better
employed than the time of those houses that were accus-
tomed cheerfully to receive, and dutifully to consider, the
petitions of the people?
A few absurd votes and abortive bills, barren of' every
use but the uses of faction, with a fair share of railroad
jobbing, and it may be, one profitable law. in the session,
have for several years made up the annual sum of the
work of these Houses of. Commons, so frugal of their
time. Bnt to speak with temper of this pretended eco
homy of time, on the part of an assembly that listens to
the prolix nothings of Lord J. Russell, Messrs. Poulter,
Silk Buckingham, and Co., and to the empty belloWings
of Mr. O'Connell and his " tail"--to speak of the eco-
nomy of time by such. an, assembly,, with common pa
tience, were to play the part of hypocrites. We will,
therefore turn at once to last night's proceedings.
Mr. 'Walter, whom the Morning Chronicle sneeringly
but truly calls " the poor man's magistrate," and who, to
that high and honourable title may add the no less high
and honourable title of the poor man's parliamentary
protector, presented a petition from the magistrates,
clergy, landowners, guardians of the poor,.and other in-
habitants of Petworth and the adjacent parishes, com-
plaining of, the harsh and cruel conduct pursued towards
the poor, in• the enforcement of the new Poor-laws Act ;
more particularly complaining, that while on the One
side all out-of door relief was absolutely refused, the
poor who sought relief in the workhouses were compelled
to a complete domestic separation. Mr. Walter, while
ptehaeker, in a style which petition, was more
thanbarelyonecxe interrupter!plainingtlieprLa)rarensi
may have beel; courteous as far as mere manner goes,
but which certainly appears upon paper the very opposite
of candid or civil. The hon. member for Berkshire, how-
ever, is not a man elqiy put down ; he persevered firmly,
and extracted from the speaker an explanation of the rule
respecting petitions, which must clearly derronstrare to
every one that Mr. kberminby's interruption way : alto-
gether irregular and nu s.:llled for. The title as laid down
is this—that a petition upon a subject actually before the
house, and therefore, in course, of a full discussion is to
be merely read and presented; but that a petition upon'
a matter to which the attention of the house is not other-
wise directed, admits a fuller latitude of explanation. No
one can reasonably quarrel with this rule, the effect of
which is merely to prevent multiplied discussions arising .

TIMBER SHIPS FROM CANADA.—We are glad to learn from
our correspondent at Sunderland, that a meeting of the sub-
scribers of the Mutual Insurance Marine Policies Company has
just been held the're, and that the following amongst other re-
gulations, for the ensuing year, was adopted :—" That ships
from America be allowed to load not more than two loads of
timber ur deals, on deck, to the keel, as entered in the mutual
policies, on the summer voyage (seventeen load per keel.) In
case any vessel do load more on the summer voyage, or proceed
homeward with a-deck load, after the Ist of October, the owner
to pay a premium of £5 per cent. on the sum insured, whether
any damage happen or.not, and to be uninsured until the same
is paid." By this regulation, a ship of 20 keels burthen, or
about 260 tons, is limited to forty loads of deck timber in sum-
mer, and is prohibited from carrying any in winter, without in-
curring a penalty. By the former regulations vessels were un-
restricted in the amount of their deck load' all the year; and
ships of the burthen just named have been known 'to carry 70
loads of deck timber, and other vessels have carried as much in
proportion to their burthen. We are greatly surprised that
such a regulation as that adopted by the Sunderland company
has not been determined on by the underwriters very long
since,—for nothing can be more certain, than that the practice
of carrying deck loads has been the immediate cause of the loss
of a large number of ships employed in the North American
timber trade. A vessel laden with fir timber, and carrying .a
deck load, in addition to her, cargo, is necessarily placed in the
greatest jeopardy in crossing the Atlantic. It is all top-weight,
and if a sea strike it on the beam, it is a hundred to one that
she is not cansized.—Shipping Gazette.
LEGAL ETIQuETTs.—In the course of a trial at Derby
assizes on Tuesday last, before Mr. Baron Park, there was a
good deal of bickering between the different counsel engaged
in the cause, to which his lordship kindly. lent his aid; and ob-
serving the defendant's attorney whispering to his counsel, the
learned judge complained much of solicitors thus, " ear-wig-
ging" counsel, which he stated to be quite a modern practice,
and one that he himself never would endure; indeed, on one
occasion, he recollected the late Sir Vicary Gibbs, when at the
bar, on being thus ear-wigged, giving his attorney such a terri-
ble slap on the face, that it would have rung throughout Derby ;
and he (Mr. Justice Park,) who was present, was never so
frightened in his life. The attorneys did not seem to relish the
anecdote.

HOUSE OF COM MONS.—Faina v.
Mr. F. BUXTON having inquired what steps had been taken
by the local authorities in India to carry into effect an import-
ant provision in the present East India charter bill,
• Sir JOHN HonnorsE said be the charter thequilestinof
slavery was left entirely to the local authorities i India.
When the discussion on the charter took place, it was consider-
ed that such an abolition would interfere with the social condi-
tion of the people—domestic slavery prevailing to a great ex-
tent, especially in Bengal ; and that if they abolished there
what in this country was called slavery, they would open the
door to many evils, and excite a general commotion throughout
that province. It was also considered that such a measure
would be contrary to the tenour of the treaties into which we
had entered with•the native powers-under our protection. It
was, therefore, thought better to leave the matter in the hands
of the local authorities.
Mr. BUXTON said his impression was, that slavery was to be
put an end to in India, and that, if this was an erroneous im-
pression, the fact would create a strong feeling throughout the
country.
Sir JOHN Hosiionsr said that a direct interference with
slavery in India would he most difficult and dangerous.
Sir A. L. HAY brought in a bill for making a harbour and
docks at Trinity. This was the third bill brought in upon the
same subject, the two former having been rejected.
The Loon A rivocaTs said there was no precedent for grant-
ing such an indulgence as the suspending of the standing or-
ders fora private bill of this description, and he hoped the matter
would be finally disposed of by rejecting the motion.
Sir G. Clerk and Sir G. Strickland also opposed the motion,
and the Speaker having intimated that he did not consider this
a case deserving the favour of the house, Sir A. L. Hay with- •
drew the bill.

imports.
NEW SOUTH WALES,

Rachel, (383) Moffat, fin Sydney, New South Wales, with 119 logs
cedar, 195 bales wool, C and J Rawdou-10 00 treenails, 687 bls wool,
Aspinall and co-6 bls wool, 6 cks old copper, Order-116 bts black
oil, Breed and Eccleston—G Dk

AFRICA.
Matilda, (214) Wardle, fm the Mauritius, with 3304 bags sugar, J
Ailtin—G Dk

Earl Grey, (476) Hemmingway, fm Africa, with 1220 cks palm oil,
cak Atalagetta pepper, Hamilton, Jackson and co—Q Dk
EAST IADIES, CAPE OF GOOD HOPE, &c.
William Salthouse, Snipe, fm Calcutta, with 1 log tamarind wood,
4 chts silk pee goods, 1 bx medallions, 1 hd sherry, 10 bls hides, 1 bx
silk choppas, Ibx china, 46 ehts indigo, Order-4 chts indigo, Ogilvy,
Gillanders and co-10 chts do, Rawson and co-9 do, J Bibby and co
—43 do; Sands, Turner and co—lcse conts unkn, D and T Willis-
-2113 bgs sugar, 660 bgs saltpetre, 86 chts shellac, 35 bales hides, 350
bgs linseed, Taylor, Potter and co—W Dk
Trinculo, (294) Jeffes, fin Bombay, with 20 chts assafcetida, 70 bls
cotton, 360 bags pepper, 2 hxs curry powder, Nicol, Duckworth and
co-20 ehts assafcetida, 210 bales cotton, S Herring-271 bales cotton,
36 frazils coffee, Order-373 bales 1 hf bale cotton. 57 chts gum arabic
Daniell and Dickinson-1 box patterns, Alston, Finlay and co-1 box
preserves, Forbes and co-1 box musters, V Potter-302 bags ginger,
F Gouthwaite-1 prel silk hkfs, said Master-7P Dk

Eliza, Fox, and Dryope, Hamilton, hence, at Quebec.
Hanse, Schroeder, from Hambro', for this port, atDeal.
Eagle, HaMilton, hence, at Mogadore.
Victoria, ----, for Charleston, was off the Ormshead yesterday
at 5 p.m.
Lady Rowena, -, for Charleston, was off Point Lynas at 5
a.m..this day. - -

John Welih, Woodhouse, from Savanilla, was wrecked last night
near Hoylake. Two men saved. Should the weather moderate, part
of the cargo will be saved.
_ _

Meg Merrilies, Penrice, fm Africa, at this port ; sailed from Bonny
14th May and from Fernando Po 22d May. The Nottingham, —.
sailed from Fernando Po for this port, 17th May. On 19th June, in
lat. 9 N, long. 23 W, spoke the Huddersfield, hence, for Bombay, and
the Lowther, hence, for Buenos Ayres.
Flora. Miller, hence, for Africa, has put back with loss of main-
topmast.
Duncan Gibb, M`Grath, hence, for Quebec, has put back with loss
of fore and maintopsails.
Yeoman, Mitchinson, hence, for Quebec ; Ocean Queen, for Pug-
wash, and Sally, M`Kenzie, for Danzig. have put back.
Pennsylvania, Smith, from New York, at this port ; sailed Sth Jnly.
On the 28th July, spoke the Constitution, from Charleston, for this
port.
lslaw YORK, 2d July.—A full rigged brig, bright sides, and a round
house on deck painted green, was seen on shore on Carysford Reef
21st June. 6th July, the Tinian in going out of Boston Ist July, ran
upon the rocks of Govcroore Island and remained high and dry at
sunset.

SUNDAY, JULY 31.—Noon, Wind N.W.—Moderate.

AnßivsD—Superb, Fish, from New Orleans—Caspian, Patten; Ho-
raid, Hall, and St. Lawrence, from Mobile—Cyrus Butler,
Martin, from Charleston—Nlilliedgevide, Porter, from New York ;
sailed 7th July—Constitution. Wilson, from Charleston ; sailed Ist
July—Fairy Queen, Welch, from St. Petersburtr—Orion, Schmidt,
and Augusta Mathilda, Greiswald, for Stralsund—Johanna, Segelking;
Fidelity, Brown •, Jean Wilson, Wood ; Amity, Dishon ' • and Agnes
Wood, Metcalf, for Riga—Barbadian, Hutchinson, from Barbadoes
sailed 25th June—Guardian, Luce, from Valparaiso ; sailed 7th April
Edward Thorne, Wylie, from St. John, N.B.—Superb, , from
New Orleans.

Chase, --, from Maceio, at Falmouth.
The William, of Dublin, from Chester for Dublin, was totally
wrecked 29th inst. in Red Wharf Bay: Crew drowned.
Medora, Gregz, hence, for Mauritius, off Kinsale. 27th instant.
Para,;on, Smith, hence, for Quebec, off Kinsale, 27th instant.
Antrim, hence, for Belfast, at. Beaumaris, with loss of sails and
leaky.
William, Davies, hence, for Falmouth, at Beaumaris.'
Nancy, Lewis, from Chester, for London, at ditto.
Pacific, Lewis. from Chester. for Bristol, at ditto.
Robert M'William, , and Pomona, -, from Quebec,
at Duhlin.
Terrys, --, from Quebec. at Flint.
Colchester, M`Lean, for C?rdiff, has put back with loss of anchor
and cable, and windlass broken.
Edward Thorne, Wylie. from St. John's N.B. at this port ; sailed
2,1 July, in company with the Elizabeth, for this port. The Louisa,
Ball, and Port Glasgow, , sailed eight days previously.
Superb, , from New Orleans, at this port ; sailed ffom the
bar of the Mississippi 25th June. Left on the bar, the Ambassador
and Jane, for this port, and Rob Roy, for llavre. The Gloucester. for
Cowes, and Choctaw, for Havre, were on the bar nearly full of water.
Cargoes discharging.

•
LIVERPOOL CORN EXCHANGE, Arc. 1.
The supplies of all kinds of grain and Flour from Ireland have been
extremely small. The Wheat trade has been firm at Tuesday's prices,
but not much business done.
Oats and Oatmeal bevel been in better demand, and prime fresh
Flour in good request at Is per 280 Its advance.
WHEAT, V 701 b. s d s d
English, new red, 7 4 7 8
Do. old 7 8.. 8 2
Do. new white
Do. old.
Scotch, white 0 0.. 0 0
Do. red
Irish, new red
Do. old 6 0 .. 6 9
Do. new white
Do. old 0 0 .. 0 0
Dantzig, red • • 0 A•• 0 0
Do, white
Stettin, red 0 0.. 0 0
Do. white 0 0 0 0
Conigsherg, red 0 0.. 0 0
Do. white
Riga 8: Petersburg 0 0.. 0 0
Odessa
Russian, hard 0 0., 0 0
Canada, red 0 0 .. 0 0
Do. white 0 0 .. 0 0
Bonded Wheat
RYE,imp. qr. English
and Foreign, free 0 0.. 0 0
Do. in bond ..• . 0 0.. 0 0
BARLEY,Vilrip.qr
English, Malting... 34 0 .. 37 0
Do. Grinding,6oth 3 6 .. 3 9
Irish, Malting,do. 0 0 .. 0 0
Do. Grinding, do. 4 1 .. 4 4
Forelgn, d. p. do. 0 0.. 0 0
Do. in bond 0 0.. 0 0
OATS, V 451 h.
English, new
Do. old .........
Scotch, Sze new
Do. old 0 0.. 0 0
WHOLESALE PRICES OF BALTIC AND AN

OATS, 4f* 45th. s d s d
lrish,n. kilndried 2 11 8 3
Do. old do.
Do. prime, 421 b
Do. do. old 0 0.. 0
Foreign, free
Do. it bond
PEASE, g' imp. qr.
English, white
Foreign, white
42
BEANS, 41'' imp. qr. 0
English, new 4O 0
..44
Do. Pigeon, old 6 0
Foreign, free
Do. in bond '29 0 „ 31 v„
Irish, Tick,c. new 37 0 39 u
Do. old 0 0 .. 0 a
!WALT, 41, imp. qr.
English
INDIAN CORN., qr.
Red
White ...
FLOUR, 280115. 0
English, fine
Irish, 2ds, new
Do. fine
American. sweet,
per ht.'. free 0 0 „ 0
Do. in bond
Do. sour, free OO .. ODo. in bond
Canadian, free
Do. in bond 0 0.. 0 a
OATMEAL, IF 2401 b
English, new .... 0 0 .. 0 fia
Irish, new
Do. old 0 0 0 0
BRAN, 4? 24th..... 1 0.. 1

LIVERP(
,
X. t. d. X. S. d.
TIMBER, IF cubic foot
Rig ,
a
Dantzig
Memel- 0 2 14 0 2 5
American Pine 0 1 5 0 1 6
Do. Quebec 0 1 54 0 1 9
Red Pine 0 1 7 02. 2
Quebec Oak
Birch
PLANKS, 41'' foot of 2 inch.
Dantzi,,. Deck
American Pine
DEALS, 44, standard hundred.
Best Petersburg Red
Do. White 14 10 0 17 10 0
Memel Red l5 0 0 17 0 0
Dantzic ftz Swedish Red 14 10 0 15 10 0

dERICAN TIMI3ES
01,, ,JULY 28, 106.
DLTIRS

1.555. IP' loal. of 50
J , feet.

los. r load of 50 ft.

ss: 4Y load of 50 feet.

The house then went into committee on the Post-office com-
missioners' bill, wh.7qi Colonel SIBTHORP opposed the
clause
which enacted that one ofthe commissioners should have a seat
in the House of Commons.
The CHANCELLOR Of the EXCHEQUER and Lord LowTnEtt
strongly contended in favour of the clause, and ultimately it
was agreed to, as were the remaining clauses of the bill.—Ad-
journed at a quarter past two o'clock.

£44 41, 120.
£2 58. 0) X 210.9. 41120
£l9 e £22 of 120.

NEWSPAPERS.—In Spain there ate 12 newspapers, in Portugal
17, Switzerland 36.. Belgium 62, Denmark SO, Austria 82, Russia
awl Poland Si, Holland 150, Great Britain 276. Prussia 288,
Germanic States 305; in Australia 9, Africa 12, Asia 27, and in
America 11:38. Total in Europe 2148.
