EXPERIMENTAL BRICK BEAM.

•
Messrs. Francis and Sons, the Roman cement manufactu-
sers. at Nine Elms, some time ago erected what is termed a
" Brick Beam." The beam was composed of 10 courses of gray
bricks, cemented together with the best Roman' cement instead
of mortar, and having in some of the courses hoop iron placed
horizontally. 'the length of this beans was about 24 or 25 feet
the ends resting on upright gables or pedestals. The width of
the beam was two bricks and a half, placed lengthwise. The.
purpose was to show the efficacy of the Roman cement by its~
adhesion to the hoop-iron as well as to brick, and its consequent
adaptation, at a comparatively small expense, to many purposes
where an arch could not be so conveniently used, such as rail-
roads, &c.. For some time past a weight of iron, amounting
to nearly 11 tons,' has been suspended br chains user the beam,.
and it as stood srus and unmoved. Messrs_Francis resolved
on Wednesday, to test to the utmost the strength of their contri-
vance, and commenced at half past 12 o'clock gradually to in-
. crease the weight attached to the chains. At half-past 2 the
weight suspended across the beam was upwards of 22 tons. and
at that time the pedestals began to diveigeja little ontwaids,
and in a moment afterwards the beam broke across, at the place
where it was traversed by the chains. The rent or break wag
almost as clean as if cut with a knife ; there was no crumbling
of the cement, our did bricks separate from their interstices,
the whole fracture was as if a piece of solid rick had been sud-
denly divided by some in esistilite power. As as ihe.goodness
and efficacy of the cement were concerned the experiment was
perfectly satisfactory. There can be uo question !hat a beam
of this sort may be made available for many OurpOses; whether
or not the rumbling of carriages over a Midge built on this
principle, or on a viaduct, .would, by the iediratioa, cause any
alteration in its stability, remains perhaps to.be proved. Frotu
what was seen yesterday, enough was proved to. evince the
very superior tenacity of the cement, and o show that an ilia-,
provement has. hem introduced at a very low' rate of additional
expense.—From the Miles of Saturday.

A.stupid.parairaph, copied from a Bath paper, has been cir-
culated through many of the Lutoku papers, to the effect that,
the-Duke of St. Albans was entitled to the whOte of the Coutts
property. 'lbis absuid statement has [welt coUttadicted from
trutholity.

. . • ' •; •
EFFECT or RAti.waYs.7-It is stated that the income of the
old district Of roads bete has decreased upwards of. £6OO in ono
year, and the receipts of the Staffordshire road have diminished
at the rate of .Cl,OOO per annum since tha irand -Junctiau . •
Railway oi.euer:.— Wolverhampton CL,onicle.
osT EXTR AOR DIN Alt he Devotiport mail brought,
Nesterday loUtning a " ship letter" iu the shape ofu, hale of •
linen, to the General l'itst-ofliee, St. Alartius-le-Grand, ad.:
dressed to " His Excellency the French Ambassador,
the postage of which was charged £3lB 136,4(1., N hicti aspind.•

Vottm.

THE SONG OF THE BALLOT BOX.

(From the Morning Chronicle.)
Let history boast of her Romans and Spartans,
And tell hoe they stood agaiusts tyranny's shocks;
They were all, I confess, in my eve, Betty Martins,
Compared to George Grote and his wonderful Box.

Ask, where liberty now has her seat?—Oh it is n't
By Delaware's banks or on Switzerland's rocks;—
Like an i:np in some conjurer's k'ottle imprison'd,
She slily shut up in Grote's wonderful Box.
How snug !—'stead of floating through ether's dominions,
Blown this way and that, by the " Populi vox,"
To fold thus in silence her sinecure pinions,
And go fast asleep in Grote's wonderful Box.

Time was, when free speech was the life-breath of freedom,—
So thought once the Seldens, the Hampdens, the Lockes;
13 at mute be our troops, when to ambush we lead 'em,
Fur " Mum" is the word with us Knights of the Box.

Pure, exquisite Box ! no corruption can soil it ;
There's Otto of Hose in each breath it unlocks;
While Grote is the " Betty,', that serves at the toilet,
And breathes all Arabia around from his Box.*
`Tie a singular fact, that the famed Hugo Grotius,t
A namesake of Grote's, —being both of Dutch stocks—
And, like Grote, too, a genius profound as precocious,
Was also, like him, much renowned for a Box;—
An immortal old clothes-box, in which the great Grotitis
While suffering, in prison, for views heterodox,
Was pack'd up incog, spite of jailers ferocious,l:
And sent to his wife,§ carriage free, in a Box !

But the fame of old Hugo now rests on the shelf,
Since a rival bath risen that all parrallel mocks ;
That Grotius ingloriously. saved but himself,
While ours saves the whole British realm by a Box

And oh when, at last, even this greatest of Grotes
Must bend to the Power that at every door knoeks,tl
May he drop in the urn like his' own " silent votes,"
And the toino of his rest be a large Ballot Box.

While long at his shrine, both from country and city,
Shall pilgrims triennially gather in flocks,
And sing while they whimper, the appropriate ditty,
" Oh%reathe not his name, let it sleep—its the Box."
A RADICAL REFORMER, BUT No FRIEND To THE BALLOT.

' And all Arabia breathes from yonder Lux.—Pope's Rape of
of the Lock.
Groot, or Grote, latinized into Grntius.
+ For the particulars of this escape of Grotius from the Cas-
tle or Louveustein, by means of a box (only three feet and a
half long, • it is said), iu which books used to be occasionally
sent to him, and foul linen returned, see any of the Biographi-
cal Dictionaries.
This is not quite aceerding to the facts of the case ; his
wife having been the contriver of tire stratagem, and remained
in prison herself to give bim time fur escape.
Pallida More quo palest pede, Sic.—florae.

CON7'ELVIPORARY PRESS.

THE BALLOT.
(From the Marieing Herald.)

The ballot-project is alleged by the Whig-radical jour-
nals to be, growing in favour with the public. The
ground an which this allegation rests is the gradual in-
crease of the minorities in the House of Commons,
when divisions on the question occur.
That the ballot is demanded with greater pertinacity
now than formerly, by the most noisy portion of the
present constituencies, is true ; but it is equally true,
that the vast majority of the public regard the ballot
scheme with regularly increasing dislike.
The ballot is one of the instruments with which the
sect of " political philosophers"—the Benthams and Ri-
cardos—has sought to work out its particular ends ; and
what are the ends of the party of whom these men have
been the organs, and by whom are they recognised as
LW-givers ?
The great end of the party in question is the esta-
blishment or the supremacy of carnTat. The desire of
the men who compose the party is to regulate all the
movements of society by a reference to the operations of
the Money-power. These men treat a religious esta-
blishment simply as an affair of money. They regard
the crown as a bauble that " costs" a great deal. They
look upon an aristocracy—loaded it may be with the ho-
nours of a thousand years—simply as a congregation of
men who absorb the rents of land, and who overshadow
the pretensions of mercantile wealth. They treat the
poor simply as machines, designed by nature to be
worked as hard, and to be sustained upon as little, as
possible. The champions of the money-power are, in
short, engaged in a deadly war against the privileges of
every other class—against all institutions that have their
foundation in high moral or religious feeling—against
every influence which militates against the despotism of
Mammon. The champions of the money-power labour,
night and day, to cheapen religion, to cheapen govern-
ment, to cheapen labour—to render the honours of aris-
tocracy and the prerogative of majesty " cheap" in the
eyes of the mass of mankind.
The champions of the money-power—a section of the
middle classes, limited in number, but energetic, subtle,
watchful—these are the only advocates of the ballot ;
and they advocate the ballot only as the means of en-
abling them to give effect to their conspiracy against the
aristocracy, on the one hand, and against the vast body
of labourers on the other.

The labouring el-asses regard the ballot project with
abhorrence. They complain, and with justice, that the
aristocracy of the country has abandoned them on many
occasions ; but they are willing, nevertheless, to support
the aristocracy, at all imaginable hazards, against the
Malthusians and Mammonites—the deadly enemies at,
once of aristocracy and of labour.
The Malthusian money-worshippers are gradually get-
ting the whole power: of the country into their hands.
The increasing majorities on the ballot are merely one
out of ten thousand indications of the fact. Nothing, in
truth, can arrest the progress of the party, excepting a
cordial union betwixt the landed aristocracy and the la-
bouring classes. If the landed aristocracy will consent
to save the labouring poor from new poor law bills, and
from all the other schemes for beating down the price of
labour, the labouring poor will, in requital, preQerve to
the aristocracy their honours and their land•. The bar-
gain would be a fair one. If the aristocracy shall re-
fuse to enter into it, the consequence of the refusal will
recoil upon themselves.

TFIE MINISTRY.
( From the Newcastle Journal.)

The Melbourne ministry, like. Antzees, the oftener
they are-knocked down the more vigorous they rise.
When the session of parliament opened, the real and
genuine strength of the case against them on the score
of their Irish administration was such as ought to have
sunk any ministry to perdition. Again, -the outbreak
of the. revol t in Canada, precipitated, as. it 'obviously has
been, by the total want of skill and precaution on their
part, would of itself have been sufficient to drive any
ministry from office under ordinary circumstances. Let
not these occurrences be lost upon the reflecting people
of England. Now may be seen the difference between -a
constitutional and a Whig radical opposition—between
a Lichfield-House conspiracy and the open manly bearing
of that party which combines, not to obstruct, but to
forward the public business, and to remedy the miserable
blunders, of those who unrightfully hold' the govern•
meut of -the. country. The conservatives, loyal on
prieciple,' feel: they , must have a good and sufficient
reason to oppose the ministers of the crown. The -so-
vereign's service is their primary object. Whig radi-
cals, in opposition; acted on the very • reverse principle.
You are the government—therefore to be harrassed,
bul-
lied, opposed,- right or wrong, by all means fair or foul,
till fad can be worried into surrendering your °tikes.
If the present ministry were treated as they acted to-
wards Sir Robert Peel's government, where-VvOuld they
be ? The answer is obvious Where they ought to be,
and where, in. spite of their providential escapes, and
unexpected trump hands, and off hand apologies, and in-
genious excuses, and solemn plausibilities, the people
are growing more impatient to see them—Out. No
system; and no men can be popular—to the honour of
human nature be it said—who have not some hear t, some
sincerity, some moral earnestness of purpose, which may
inspire confidence at least in their intentions. It is their
utter want of this honest manliness of purpose that ren-
ders; these men loathed, despised, and feared on all
hands. When it suited their purpose, they protested t
that church' spoliation was indispensable to the public
interests; when their factious ends were no longer to be
served by adhering to this doctrine, they introduced a
church bill without au appropriation clause. One year
they mouthed the loftiest common places of justice, ho-
nour, good faith, decency, and so forth, on the pension
list. When their party interests seem to require it, the
pension list is thrown down as a prey to the radicals.
And-so we might- go -through the whole catalogue of
of their public acts, proving them the meanest, shabbiest,
the most incapable, and .the most unprincipled-set, who
ever insulted a great nation by pretending to govern it.
And-because they happen just now to find it their inte-
rest to talk big about the honour of the crown, the inte-
grity of the empire, and the guilt of treason, are we to
be reconciled to their continuance in office, and to see
them supported by the Quixotic forbearance of our con-
servative leaders? We trust for better things. They
have-a hundred times deceived all parties; it cannot
therefore incur the reproach of faction to mistrust, de-
nounce, and stand aloof from their fairest guises, and
their most plausible pretensions. • In the words of a
powerful and eloquent contemporary, practically the'con-
duct', of:Great Britain is this—we will not hear of
O'Connell as minister; we will not tolerate Joseph Home
or Grote as, minister, but we aretontent enough to have
those who cannot remain a day in office without pander-
ing to the crotchets of Mr. Grote, or to the foul sugges-
tions of Hume and O'Connell, and executing their fla-
gitious orders.- There must be an end orihis. The

present cabinet are a disgrace to the name of ger:J.-Tn.
ment,,and a lampoon upon its functions. The power or
England, her reputation, her influence, her safety, her
constitution, her religion, the integtity of her empire,
have one and all been undermined and endangered by
them:

TORY AND WHIG ECONOMY

( From the Che-ster Gazette.)

The whigs are perpetually bawling about the lavish
expenditure of the tories while in power, and the inn-
mense reductions which have been effected by their Own
party, since they came into office. This is swallowed
eagerly by the multitude, who, unfortunately, in too
many instances, (rive full credence to such barefacedstate-
ments, without being in the least degree acquainted with
the covert operations of a ministry which, while it pro-
fesses to be acting, with the strictest economy, is at the
same time, by constituting commissions of inquiry on
alrnost every matter connected with government, are
placing their relatives and friends in useless, yet most
lucrative situations, and thus saddling the country with
burdens which a tory administration would have been
ashamed of, and which, even if they had attempted to
create, would have ensured their being scouted by the
whole community. We will draw the attention of our
readers to this subject in a way which most forcibly.
strikes the mind : by contrast. Look, for instance, at
the year 1825, when the tories reduced the salaries of
every officer connected with the Royal Household, hold-
ing a situation above £5OO, ten per cent;—superannu-
ated pensioners in the same ratio; also a general reduc-
tion on the household and civil list—athotinting to a sav-
ing of £168,000 per annum in the whole ! We ask
those who cry out so lustily for economy, was this a re-
duction of no moment ?

• If we refer to the subject of commissions of inquiry,
to which the present ministry are so much attached, be-
cause it so admirably suits their purposes of place-tank-
ing, to prevent them—tottering as they are now—from
utterly falling ; in thiqarticular they far excel all their
predecessors. We find that the. total expense of com-
missions of inquiry, under a tory administration, was
only £43,848 in 1816; and, under a rank tory-.govern-
ment, in 1820, £44,527. Now, reformers, look at the
picture of rare economy -exhibited by your own beloved
economical rulers! What does it present? In 1830,
the expenses for commissions of inquiry alone was
265,275, and in 1836, £127,937 ! Added to this, in the
year 1833 alone, the whiff; administration created four
hundred and twenty-three offices, with salaries amount-
ing to £124,516 sterling.
Here is REDUCING the national expenditure with a
vengeance ! ! But what has this mighty reforming,
plaee-making cabinet effected by way of REDUCING the
expenditure of the country sinw the year 1836 ? , Why,
we Witt only ennmerate a few of their economising acts
in the making of new batches of idle, well-fed, and well-
paid commissioners, They have passed an act for the
commutation of tithes, which entails on the nation, to
maintain commissioners, secretaries, &c., an expense of
4:15,000 per annum,—an act for atnending'the laws re-
Ilating to the poor, cost of commissioners, &c., about.
£16,000. Next comes the farcical registration act, which
could not have been better framed to torment and per-
plex the community, and drag money out of their pock-
eta : to provide for registrars, &c., connected with this
establishment, ,-1,000 a year is required; and in the act
of mercy, passed for the abolition of slavery, we see
theSe lovers of economy taxing the country with a bur-
den of £29,000 annually, by the appointment of stipen-
diary magistrates, &c., in the West -India Islands, who,
as it has been clearly seen, instead of administering jus-
tice to the slave population, and being (as was designed)
their protectors, have in most instances proved them-
selves to be their greatest oppressors. And lastly, we
have entailed upon us, by the reform act itself, an ex-
penditure of £14,000 per annum.
Now all this lavishing of public money is never taken
into the account by our modern reformers, though their
constant echo and stalking-horse is—REDUCTION ! RE-
DUCTION ! What a hue-and, cry would have been raised
in the nation by these self-important, and, in their own
opinions, the only reformers, if the Duke of Wellington,
or Sir Robert Peel, dnring their administration, had laid
on an addition of upwards of £22,000 in one year for
commissions of inquiry, above what the tories had ex-
pended for the same object; and increast'd it in six
years afterwards—in the very teeth of an universal call
for retrenchment, while they professed to be governed by
the strictest rules of economy—to the enormous amount
of £83,146 above what the tories had ever expended in
commissions. The " corrupt tories, " as they are sar-
castically called, in fourteen years (between 1816 and
1830) made reductions amounting to £34,324,000. The
annual expenditure inihe year 1816 was £58,511,716;
and in 1831 it was only £lB,47l,ol7,—being a reduction
n the government outlay of nearly FORTY MILLIONS !
and all this effected by the " infamous tories." And in
fifteen years (between the years 1815 and 1830) these
r‘i scandalous tories" abolished five thousand offices, with
salaries attached to them, amounting to a millionl

We would advise Englishmen, whether tories, Whigs,
or radicals, maturely to weigh this matter, convinced,
that it they do so attentively, they will come to the con-
clusion, that the
and
ministers are merely reformers
in profession anu not in practice. -

SIR JAMES GRAHAM.
(From the Dublin Evining
Ministers chuckled for a season over the exclusion of
Sir James Graham from the House of Commons, but
they will not enjoy thiir triumph long. We publish
this evening the address of the right honourable baronet
to the boroughs of Pembroke, Tenby, Weston, and Mil-
ford, (a union,) vacant by the resignation-of Col. Owen,
from which it will be seen that we may calculate on see-
ing " bonnie Sir Jamie" in. his place in the house, be-
fore Lent, near as it is—and scathing with the flashes of
his indignant eloquence that Upaq tree of
;an adminis-
tration which now sits brooding evil over the face of the
country. Sir James's political creed is briefly and beau-
tifully, summed up by himself in the following lines of
his address:—" From my ioath I have been the sincere
.friend of civil and religious liberty ; but the liberty—
the only liberty I mean—is a liberty connected with or
der; and order, and Peace, and religion, and security of
life and property, are, I am persuaded, in this country
identified with the maintenance of the royal prerogative,
of the pri%ileges of the House of Commons and the
House of Lords, and of the Established Church in con-
nexion with the State."

These ate noble sentiments. they are the sentiments
of every conservative in the empire: We have reason
to believe them the sentiments of that conStitnency to
which Sir James appeals ; and we rejoice t 9 tind that the
country is about to reap tlie advantage of the advocacy
of a statesman so able to maintain and enforce them.

We subjoin the address:—
TO THE ELECTORS OF THE BOROUGHS OF PEMBROKE, TENBY,
WESTON, AND MILFORD.
''Gentlemen,—My friend Col. Owen having vacated his seat,
for reasons which lie has stated to you, but on which [ cannot
dwell, since they are too flattering to me, -I venture to offer my-
self as a candidate for the high hon Our of repreSenting you in
parliament. When the ministers of the Queen are in close al-
liance with radicals and repeaters, it is indeed necessary that
the friends of conservative policy, of the form of goVernment
under which it is our happiness to live, and of the protestant
institutions of the united kingdom, shotil,l combine and cordially
co-operate, without regard to past difference's and distinctions.
The inmnises of united support, resting on these public ground,,
which I have already received in your neighbourhood, lead me
to believe that these principles predominate among you over
every (Aber consideration, and it is on these principles alone
that I presume to present myself to•your notice.
‘• My public conduct is not unknown to von; and from past
official connection with your local interests 1 am not personally
a stranger. In the present crisis of public affairs, lam un-
willing to remain excluded from parliament, lest I should ap-
pear to shriek from the responsibility of the part which have
already taken; and I shall gladly owe to your favour the oppor
Wally of rejoining that great conservative party in the House
of Commons with which your late member was united, and
whit h, while it sanctions the reform of every proved abuse, is
opposed to revolutionary change, and to further democratic
innovation.

" k tom my youth I have been the sincere friend of civil and
religious liberty; hut the liberty—the only liberty I mean, is a
liberty connected with order; and order, and react., sod reli-
gion, and security of lite and propertyrare, I am persuaded,
in this country identified with the maintenance of the royal pre-
rogative, of the privileges of the [louse of Commons anti the
[louse id' Lords, and of the established church in connexion
with the state. If you send me your representative to parlia-
ment, these are the principles which will guide my conduct;
and with regard to the peculiar and local interests of your bo-
roughs, gratitude will command my best attention, and duty
impel toe to promote them to the utmost of my power, consist-
ently
with the general interests of the united kingdom.
have the honour to be, gentlemen, your obedient servant,
" Liu Es R. ORAIIAM.

" Orielion, Fcb. 14, 181.33."

'MANCHESTER ZOOLOGICAL CA RDENS.—We announced in
our paper on Wednesday last, that a young leornlrd was to be
addeclio the collection. It has since arrived, and is the liberal
donation of Mr. Ripley, .41. Abercroculq_Noare. It
is a fine animal, very playful, and so tame that it may be han-
dled even by •t rangers with perfect impunity.
LaNcvsnta. CA N A L.—At the annual meetin, of the Lancas-
ter Canal CompanY it "M resolved, that dividend of El ss•
Company, be applied
per share be
on dividends 31)11 interest,. together- with £15,000 to he received
l'llatellwaY accounts showed a balance
tfir,otmh
e thepnL. toeft•;:in;.l47Parge:4l,:at
in favonr of the. e11w1)81PY of "1)" MOM besides nearly,
£lO,OOO vested in the purchase of canal shares, and £3OOO odd.
accumulation of dividends . and interest; and after pavin, off
£9950 of mortgage.—Lancaster Gazette.
CUL KOSS. Faa. 7.--NOVEL MODE OF PERM:MING THE
Itlll AGE CE REMON I.—A somewhat novel mode of perform-
ing the marriage ceremony has taken place not a hundred miles
from this. A knight of the plane having fairly overstept the
bonds of the temperance society on unday
night last, took
S
into his head to pay a visit to the sereaut lassie of a gallant
officer, after being Prohibited upon pain of death to make the
smallest trespass on the-gallant gentleman's property, The in.
mates of the household being all in bed before he reached the
place, the object of his desires ad t o give him admittance before
getting fully dressed, and, hving got only a few paces along
the passage, was accosted by the captain habited in Ins dressing
gown, with sword in hand, who instantly demanding of the
young wan the. purport of his mission, and was answered as
hurriedly as possible, that it was his servant maid that be was
in quest of, when the worthy justice put the question to both
parties, if they were willing to take.ench other in the bands of
wedlock, was answered in the affirmative, when he instantly
called from their slumbers others of his establishment to be
who got as short time to prepare marriage dresses
as did the trembling bride. The gallant. captain immediately
went through the marriage ceremony, still holding in his hand.
the fearful weapon, and having finished his oration returned his
sword to the scabbard.—Edinburyli Evening Post.

LIVERPOOL MECHANICS' INSTITUTIO.

LECTURES ON PHYSIOLOGY,

On Saturday evening Dr. Epps delivered his sixth lecture.
As it is decidedly toe most interes,jilg and important of the
cum se, we strongly recommend it to the perusal and attention
of such of our readers as may wish for health and longevity on
easy terms.

When our food has been converted into chyme by the action
of the gastric juice, it passes from the stomach by means of the
pyloric valve into the duodenum. As chyme itself would not
nourish us, it has to be converted into a substance which will.
That substance is called chyle, and its manufacture, which is
carried on in the duodenum, is termed chylification. To be-
qoine chyle, the chyme is mingled with the secretions of the
filer and the sweetbread, both of which organs are connected
with the duodenum. All cur secretions are taken from the
blood, but the liver is the only organ which manufactures its
secretions from impure blood. The blood is carried into the
liver through a large vein called the vena portm, from which it
is distributed all over the liver by ramifying channels kit() a
number of little round balls or glands, which have the power of
secreting bile from the impure blood. After the blood has been
thus purified it returns- to the heart. As fast as the bile is se-.1
creted, it is conducted by means of a number of small pipes into,i
the gall bladder, where it is stored up for use. When chyme
passes into the duodenum, it presses against this bladder, and;
the bile oozes in by means of a passage opening sideways'
through the courts of the intestines. The alkaline and niucila-
ginous parts of the bile then enter into chemical combination,
with.the nutritive portion of the chyme. The remainder of the
chycue is refuse. . The sweetbread likewise pours in a quantity 1
of sweet saliva, which mixes with the chyme. Chyle is thus
formed, and it is a kind of milky substance. Sometimes, how-
ever, when persons teaze their livers instead of treating theni
with due respect, when they endeavour to pull in their ribs by
means of stars, so as not to allow the liver freedom of action,
the liver does not produce a good species of bile. Little hard-
ened bodies called biiiary calculi form in the gall bladder, and
inese.about in it. When the bile has to get into the duodenum,
perhaps one of. these stones finds its way to the passage, and
does. it. When a poor man, iu passing along the street, feels
one of these gall sinues passing, he is seized all of a sudden
with what is called a stitch in his side. Jaundice arises from
the circumstance of the bile not passing freely away from the
gall bladder, but hem!, circulated all over the body with the ,
blood. When a person's liver does not perform its duty, it is
quite evident that his body is not in a perfect state of health.
Bilious persons are generally miserable. We may be punished
' by too great or two little a ifon, of bile. Hence the same reme-
dy will not always apply. Some persons affected with bilious
complaints are cured by eating Lacon in the rra,rning, whilst
others have their disease increased. The reason of this is, that.
persons deficient of bile will secrete an additional quantity when
they eat such stimulants as bacon; but when persons who have
too much, eat bacon, the bile is produced in streams. The liver
is considered to be the seat of melancholy. Some poets affect
to be in raptures with melancholy; One says, " There is a
charm in melancholy ; I woulci not, if I could, be gay : surely
there is no. pleasure so holy as this pare melancholy." The
lecturer did not think so, nor did the ancient Greeks, of whose
language the term itself is compounded. For instance, metes
signifies black, and hole, bile.

When chyle-is formed, it is mixed with a considerable quan-
tity of impurity, which would not be of use in nourishing the
human frame. In order to separate it from this, the incorpor-
ated matter is passed through a very long intestinal canal, the
surface of which is cured with a projecting fringe-like substance
to preveut the tut) rapid pagsage of the semi-fluid. This canal is
likewise studded with a number of minute apertures capable of
admitting nothing but chyle, and these apertures open into
minute ducts leading to the thoracic duct, which lies on-the
front of the vertebrae; through which the chyle flows until it is
discharged into the jugular and subclavian veins of the throat,
whence it passes into the heart and becomes transformed into
blood when it passing through the lungs. In the change of
the chyle into blood, it passes from the intestines along the me-
sentery, which covers the intestines and fastens them to the
spine. his-mesentery is of two folds, which lie one upon an-
other. Between these folds are little glands called mesenteric
glands, the secretions of which being mixed with the chyle fur•
Cher purity it. If these glands become hard, as they sometimes
do to children, no fresh blood can be made, and no matter how
well the child is fed, -he becomes emaciated and ill. Some un-
skilful doctors administer calomel in such cases to children, by
which they are killed. If we find a child ravenous at one time,
and at another without any appetite, there is much reason to
apprehend a disease in these glands. Scrofulous children are
particularly subject to this disease, and no time should be lost
in attending to it, as it not unfrequently induces water on the
brain and death.
Now the question comes how do we not get bigger every day?
We eat and drink hogsheads and tons—therefore why should we
not get proportionably large ? If some men who are great
drunkards could swell out in the proportion of their libations,
we should have a living testimony of the inconveniences of
drink. Every moment of our lives there is new matter being
formed in and about our bodies. All the blood vessels through
which the blood passes to the different parts of the body have
glands at their extremities for the secretion of flesh, bone,
muscle, cartilage, &c., as the case may be. But at the same
time the extemities of the veins which bring back the blood to
the heart are furnished with the means of taking up all the' old
matter, and this berme the new is put down. In this manner a
beautiful balance is kept up between the vessels which absorb
and those. which secrete, so that while one is absorbing the old
matter the other is secreting new. Persons will wonder why it
this, it. this incessant renovation is taking plaCe, they are not
freed in process of time from their gout, liver complaint, &c.
There seems, however, to be a kind of a mould of a man which
constitutes our mortality. We do not lose the materiel of our
mental form or physical constitution, consequently we cannot
get rid of hereditary consumption, gout, or insanity. But it is
a fact that we have perpetually this change going on in our
system, and this enables us to perceive how we remain at a
certain stature on arriving at the period of' manhood. Until this
period the human race does progress in size and stature. Another
short interval having elapsed, we begin to descend and to lose
our plumpness. The legs begin to tremble beneath the weight
of the body, we find our capability of motion passing away, and
at length we are glad to leave the world because we are a burden
to those who are dear to us. This is owing to the difference
between the secreting and absorbing systems. In the child the
secreting system is more powerful than in the adult, whilst the
absorbent •is weaker. This teaches es to give children an
abundance of food, as out of this food thaV manufacture their
own bodies. Children should have plain food, and not be in-
dulged in confectionery. It is a most interesting fact, in con-
nexion with this, that at one of the most celebrated schools in
the world, the Blue Coat School of London, the pupils are con
tinually infested with the ringworm, and the medical men are
, • consequently disgraced because they do not cure it. The
disease arose from the children being fed off wooden porringers,
agreeably to the wish of the founder. Whilst the teachers are
thus so obedient to the desire of the founder, from a. tear of
_forfeiting the charter, they did not hesitate toi:dvance their own
salaries in proportion to . the altered value of money. Public
opinion, however, has at length been directed to this school,
and much good will be the result. When a person becomes old
-the tables are turned—he actually absorbs inure than he secretes;
the consequence is, that he becomes emaciated and withered.
Many persons who do not like to becomeold, (especially ladies)
paint and pearl their comroexions, and wear false hair for the
purpose of leading their friends to believe that they are not
declining in health and appearance. The question is, how are
we to avoid getting old ? The extremities of our arteries, which
secrete fir= our blood these various new bodies, hetiotne, ossi-
fied, and the consequence is that they can net secrete the bodies
they used to do. We, therefore, should endeavour to keep these
terminations of the arteries in that condition in which they can
best keep on secreting. There is a way, in which we. can
.do
this, and the first way is that of washing the body all over every
rnerning, With cold water. This is one of the_ most effectual
means of making us live young until we geteild. The lecturer
knew a number of inilividuals who had purSUed this course with
the utmost success. If through illness we should find the cold
bath too severe, we should adopt the warm bath. If we use the
warm bath once a week we shall add ten years to our lives. "I' he
processof shampooing after a warm bath is highly important to
health. .Our nobles, notwithstanding their dissipation, live to
an, advanced age because they have so many 'comforts of this
nature. Another means of adding to life is rising early in the
morning; this is important in two ways, first, as it induces so
much better health and longevity, and second, that by rising at
Six instead. of ten,- we have four more hours added to our life.
There are many eersons that get drunk at night, .who, notivith-
stdnding, live to a good aee.. This arises from the habit of early
rising' for it is an established fact, that. if a person who gets
(hunk at night rises between four and five in the morning, he
scarcely ever injures his constitution. A drunkard, however,
who lies in bed until ten o'clock in the morning, dies in a few
years. We learn from this, the important fact that if by early
rising we prevent ill consequences front arising out of midnight
revels, we maw expect by leaning a sober life 'to reap increased
advantages from it as well in a physical as a moral point of

view.
There is a common saying that when a man dies he pays the
debt of nature. It is no such thing, he does not pay the debt of
nature at all. It is more difficult and wonderful that a man
should die than that he should live. Cowper says,
" Strange that a harp of thousand strings
should keep in tune so long."
But we are not harp strings. We are harps which have the
power of reproduction. Suppose we could manufacture a steam
culotte which should have the power of reproducing its parts,
this steam engine would never wear out.- Therefore'it is mere
wonderful that we die then that we live. We are bound to be-
lieve not that death is the work of nature, but that it is the work
Of sin. "The wages of sin is death." We can prove from phy-
siological data that death is not the work of nature, as our sys-
tem has a tendency to go on forever. Had our Adamic parents
riot sinned we should never have died.

P RoposED New LoNnotg HoTer..—No other city in Europe
can boast such establishments at the first-rate hotels in Lon-
due—the Clarendon, Mivart's, (Milton's, &c., which have en-
tertained even crowned heads, and contain every article of eon'',
venience and luxury that the most noble and wealthy can re-
quire. The great influx of visitors from the country to the
metropolis, however, that maybe expected to he occasioned by
the:rapid means of communication supplied by railroads and
steam-boats; requires additional accommodation to be furnished 1
for them in Loudon. We have no such establishments for the
generality of travellers as Maurice's hotel at Paris, La Belle
Vue at Brussels, Le • Grand Labourenr at Antwerp, or Holes
hotel in New York. To supply this want, a company is form
tug for the purpose of erecting a metropolitan hotel at the west
eud of the town, in the cons!rnction of which every attention
will be paid to the health and comfoit of its Visitors. The
architect intends this edifice to be on a much large scale than
any other of the kind in lids country, to furnish' complete ac-
comniodation to professional and commercial men and their
families, and to blend the strictest economy with the greatest
comfort- It will be so constructed as to have an interior court-
yard. with •a large fountain of spring-water in the centre-
Arrangements will be made to dine 1200 per day. ' The library.
and reading-room will he provided with all the principal ftireign',
and domestic papers and periodicals. Great care will he taken
to ventilate the building properly. A deep well is to he (lug on
the premises, from which every bed-room will be furnished with
a constant supply of spring-water. by means 'of a steam-engine.
Hot and cold baths will be provided. It is also intended' that •
the company shall import the wines used in'the establishment ;
and that every article of provision shall-be inspected by a com-
petent person, to prevent the pe:i•lbility of adulteration. Car-
riages will rtin from the hotel to the London termini of
all the
railroads.—Curtis on Health, 2d Edition..
SHEFFIEI.D AND RoTHERAM RAILWAY.—The works of Ibis
undertaking are rapidly approaching to completion, and in all
probability the line will be opened for traffic about midsummer.
The engines are uow being constructed by E. Stevenson .and
Co.. and the first class carriages have been ordered from Man-
chester. Workmen are employed day and night.
THE NORTH MIDLAND RAILWAY.—The directors have wade
another call of £lO, making in• the whole Lai per share, The
works. on a great part.of the line are actively proceeding; up-
wards of sixty miles of road. out of the e hole distance of seventy-
two miles, is now in course of beitV node. Owing trObe oppo-
sition, given by the Aire ;that Calder Navigation Company, a
new line has been surveyed from Leeds to the cinder-ovens be-
yond Haigh-park, and.the directors may possibly. be driven to
apply for a new act to empower them to take this line.

nits- LI V ERPO OL HITAN DARD.

V.AAiAt,-,L2T,Cen.C.2ReMOM.II=t,SrS.WW,IMI
