THE LIVERPOOL ANNUITANT SOCIETY.

On Friday last, the annual dinner of the above most ex-
cellent society_ touk place at the hotel of Mr. Fairclough, at
Wavertree. The spacious ball-room was fitted up for the oc-
casion, and about fifty members sat down to a splendid repast.
On tliis latter subject it is impossible for us to bestow too muck
praise.; The supply of. Viands was most bountiful, and they
were as various in kind as excellent in quality, embracing every
delicacy that could be desired. The cookery was of the best
description, and the whole of the arrangements, from the com-
mencement to the cpneluSiOn of the banquet, were such as to
reflect the highest credit on.tkie taste and skill, of the worthy
host and hostess. Indeed, when we consider the smallness of
the price paid for the entertainment, we are compelled to give
Mr. and Mrs. Pairclotign credit for having evinced in their
liberality much good feeling towards the excellent society whose
members had met under their roof. ' So highly were all parties
satisfied that an unanimous vote of thanks was passed to the
host and hostess for the handsome entertainment which they had
furnished. • .
It gives us sincere pleasure to notice the increasing prosperity
of this admirable society. While other institutions which have
been founded with objects nearly similar have, after a short and
languishing existence, entirely failed and sunk into oblivion,
this socit ty, from its excellent organzation, and the admirable
manner in which it has been conducted, has gradually increased
in wealth, and advanced steadily, year after year, towards the
acme of prosperity. It was instituted on the first day of June,
1800, and, from the period when its practical benefits were first
experienced down to the present, its career has been one of
success. Not only have the designs of its first promoters been
realised in the good expected to How from it, but it has now
nearly arrived at that height of permanent security which they
dared remotely to anticipate, and which will render its benefits
more extensive, while the society itself will be placed on a base
of firmness and stability which, under ordinary circumstances,
cannot be shaken.. .

The society was founded for the purpose of affording annuities
to the widows of deceased members, and to such members as
become aged. The society is thus constituted :—Each member
pays a certain small sum, according to his age, es entrance
money, and after his enrolment he pays a further annual sub-
scription. So long as the funds of the society are under
£IO,OOO, the subscriptions of the members are regulated within
a certain limited amount, but when the funds reach £lO,OOO the
subscription is fixed to be a proportionably smaller sum an-
nually. The funds, we are happy to say, amount at this moment
to very nearly the maximum above-named, and it ,is expected
that in a very short eriod the stint in the hands of the, treasurer
will be upwards of £111,000.. The beneficial, workings of the
society have, in the course of the last thirty years been abun-
dantly proved. The amount of good done may be gathered
from the fact that the society has at, present forty widows and
twenty-four aged members participating in its benefits. The
former receive annuities of £2O penannum each, and the latter
annuities of .£l.O per annum. If, with all the struggles incident
to itsearlv development, and with a fund which, though con-.
tin ually increasing, Was ,yet below the maximum, the society bus
been so useful, what may we not.expect from it during the next
thirty years., With a more perfected organisation, determinate
funds, and increased resources? Its prosperity has, up to the
present period, been commensurate with its merits,. and there is
little doubt hut it will live through a long career of utility.
To those who may wish, at a small cost, to make a provision
for their wives in the event of accident to themselves, or who
desire to secure a- small annuity to.guard against want in old
age, this society offers advantages. It is certainly the .duty of
every man to secure those,who are dear to him from want, and
we know of no easier mode pf doing this than that of becoming
a member of the Liverpool Annuitant Society.—Courier.

LORD BROUGHAM TURNED DOCTOR ll—Lord Brougham has
recently been delighting immense crowds at Exeter Hall by his
speeches on the horrors of slavery : and that passage of his w'hich
relates that "Wounds created by manacles•of the cruel Mas-
ter, will be effectually removed and cured by an Unctuous appli-
ance from this country," evidently points to that celebrated pre-
paration, Holloway's Universal Family Qintment,—so wonder-
fully efficacious in Wounds of all kinds, Burns, Gout, Rheuma-
tism, Cancer, Sc rofula, Paralysis, Glandular Complaints, &C.,
&c. and therefore most appropriate as a relief for oppressed
Negroes, " smarting beneath the lash."
METHODIST CONFERENCE.—it has. now been • fully settled
that the next Wesleyan Association Conference will beheld at
Rochdale, at the latter end of July, or the beginning of August.

The foundation stones of the Greenock, Paisley, and Glasgow
Railway, and
.of an extensive cotton factory, were laid in
Greenock with masonic, honours on Friday.—Scottith Guardian.

It is said that His Royal Highness the Duke de lemours will
be the bearer of a superb bouquet in diamonds, valued at
1,000,0001 r., as an offering from Louis Philip.to Queen Victoria.
Mr. Viroirlfe is to be appointed Lord Chief Baron of Ireland.
—Morning Chronicle.
Some fields of clover grass in the immediate vicinity, Df Perth,
have within these few days, been sold at from £2O to £3O per
acre. , , „..
AERONAUTIC AQUATICS.—An aeronautof the.name,of Hamp-
ton made an ascent from Gravesend on Thursday, which might
have had unfortunate consequences., The.balloo.p had :not suf-
ficie'nt, power to admit of his occupying the car which had been
intended for his aerial voyage, he ascended in a small basket,.
and was soon out of .sight in .the. region of clouds. On re-ap-
pearing, east of Milton, the balloon was descending very.
rapidly, and seemed blown out of .shape, as if .much of the gas
must have been liberated., It was soon seen to have landed on,
the water, incleily. lor
,the .nceupant, considering the rate at
which it. had made its descent., After b
aying been drawn in its
wake more than a mile' (in no very pleasant predicament, we.
imagine being tied in the basket), the enterprising sky-sailoi
was taken up by a barge, and larided, safe and sound, except.,
in; a bruise on one arin. It, is remarkable that he had broken
'i
his arm in a first-asCeut; this being tho:o.e(:ond:
