LONDON TIMES AND EVENING MAIL,

THE Public is respectfully informed that 'HE TIMES
_IL arrives by EXPRESS every Morning at alf-past Seven,
and will be on Sale at the Office, No. 48, d-street.
THE EVENING MAIL three days er week, by post—
Price 7d.

Advertisements and communications for the Editor are re-
quested to be left at the Office as above.
L. T. GASKILL, Agent.

THEATRE-ROYAL, LIVERPOOL.

On account of the Laces, the Performances will not commence this
Evening until Eiyht o'clock.
UNDER THE PATRONAGE OF LORD STANLEY AND WILLIAM
BLUNDELL, ESQ.. STEWARDS OF THE RACES,
AND FOR THE BENEFIT OF MRS. KEELEY.
Fifth Night of Mr. and Mrs. KEELEY and Miss T RPIN,
of the Theatre-Royal, Covent-garden •
Mr, BROUGH and Mr. HENRY HORNC TLE, of the
Theatre-Royal, Drury-lane
rim IS present FRIDAY -EVENIN e 22d instant, will
A. be performed the Opera of
LOVE IN A VILLAGE.
Young Meadows Mr. Henry Horncastle.
Hodge Mr. Keeley. I Hawthorn..... Mr. Brough.
Justice Woodcock.. Mr. Baker I Eustace.. Mr. G. Hornca:.Qtle.
Deborah Woodcock, Mrs. Clarke I Lucinda, Miss Stanley.
Rosetta Miss Turpin,
With the original and introduced Songs.
Madge (with Songs) Mrs Keeley.
To conclude with the Musical Farce of
WHY DON'T SHE MARRY?
Natz Tieck....(a young farmer)....Mr. Keeley.
Lisette Gierstein..Mrs. Keeley.
On SATURDAY, (To-morrow,) the Musical Play of ROB
ROY. Rob Roy, Mr. Stuart; Francis Oshaldistone, Mr. Henry
Horucastle; Dougal, Mr. Browne; Major Galbraith. Mr.
Brough; Bailie Nicol Jarvie, Mr. Baker; Helen M'Gregor,
Mrs. Stanley; Diana Vernon, Miss Turpin,—To conclude with
the Comic Pantomime of HARLEQUIN & THE GOLDEN
GOOSE.

Eye tiberpeol ,S.tanbarb.

FRIDAY MORNING, JULY 22, 1836.

We have received New York papers to the 28th ult.
inclusive. Their contents relate principally to the dis-
cussions in Congress, on the " bill regulating the de-
posits, and providing for the distribution of the surplus."
The bill having passed the Senate and the House of Re-
presentatives, had subsequently received the assent of the
President, and become law.
We extract the following from the Washington Globe,
of June 24, the official organ of the government :
" The Deposit Bill has been approved by the President. The
most important feature in this act is that which makes the
several states the depositories of all the public money which
may be in the treasury on the Ist of January next, over the sum
of five millions of-dollars, on their passing laws, pledging the
faith of the states respectively to pay the warrants of the Trea-
sury in the manner prescribed. By an amendment introduced
by an overwhelming majority of the House of Representatives,
all the features of the bill which went to snake the proposed
transfer of the money to the states a loan or gift were struck out,
and as the act now stands they are to be mere depositories ; like
the banks in which the public moneys are now kept.
We hazard nothing in saying that had the bill passed as it
went from the senate as anxious as the President was to see the
public deposits regulated by law, and as painful as it would
have been to separate on any subject from many of his most
valued friends, it would have received his decisive veto. We
have been surprised that any one who has read his annual mes-
sage of 1829, and his veto messages on the Maysville Road Bill,
and Mr. Clay's Land bill, could for a moment anticipate any
other result.

We are equally warranted in saying that the President has
approved the amended bill, not because he thinks it judicious
to make the States the depositories of the moneys of the United
Statei:rbut because the plan is not obnoxious to constitutional
kobjeetions ; because it has been presented by a majority of the
'people's representatives to whom the question of expediency on
this subject peculiarly belongs; and because, by settling the
question in relation to the public deposits, it disarms faction,
and renders it more difficult for the money power to reorganize
itself under the charter of a new national bank.
" He thinks it impolitic and unsafe to mix up the affairs of
the United States with those of the several States, and that the
chances of perpetuity for our admirable system of government
are increased in proportion to the clearness with which the lines
which separate their several powers, duties, and interests, are
defined and maintained. It is probable he will take some fit-
ting occasion to make known to his countrymen in detail the
veiws he entertains on this vital subject. It is only necessary
now that they should know that in approving the deposit bill
he does not intend to countenance, in the least degree, the idea
of raising money by the general government fur distributing
among the States—thus lessening the responsibility of the State
governments in taxing the people, and at the same time en-
couraging extravagant expenditures; makingthe States instead
of independent sovereignties, the mere stipendiaries of the
general government, perverting the power of taxation given in
the constitution to purposes never thought of by its framers—
corrupting the sources of legislation—tending to consolida-
tion—and ultimately destroying all that is pure and valuable in
the structure and administration of our political system.
" The r'resident believes that it is bad policy, as well as un-
constitutional to raise money from the people for the purpose
of distributing it among the States. He believes that when the
revenues of the general government shall produce more than
enough to supply its legitimate wants it is the duty of Congress
forthwith to reduce the taxes upon the people.
"'lgo collect for the purposes of distribution is neither politic
nor economical. It is not politic, because it necessarily in-
creases the corps of public officers, and consequently the influ-
ence of the government. It is not econominal, because .the
people have to pay the salaries of those who manage the pro-
cess and guarantee their integrity. Is it not better that the
farmer's dollar should be left in his own pocket than that it
should be taken out by the taxes, direct or indirect, and after a
year's detention be handed back to him or to his State Legis-
lature, with a deduction of twenty cents. to pay collectors and
clerks who have been employed to take it assay and bring it
back? The same principles apply to all classes of society and
to society itself, with the exception of those only who profit by
high taxes.

" Such, we are warranted in saying, are the views of the Pre-
sident in relation to this interesting subject."

The intelligence from Texas conveys little that is in-
teresting. Indian hostilities still continued; but the
capture of one of the leading chiefs with his two sons,'
promised to bring the war to a speedy conclusion. The
Congress had, with the concurrence also of the House of
Representatives, put a veto upon . the discussion, at least
for some time to come, of any question relating to the
abolition of slavery in the southern states. It had been
resolved by a large majority—" That Congress possesses
no constitutional authority to interfere in any way with
the institution of slavery in any of the States of this con-
federacy." It was also resolved as a means of allaying
excitement, that all petitions, memorials, resolutions, or
other papers, relating in any way to the subject of
slavery, or the abolition of slavery, should, without
being referred to especially, be laid on the table, and
that no further proceedings should be had thereon.

Poor General EVANS has been giving us another proof
that he not quite a WELLINGTON at the head of his Le-
gion.
On the I hit instant lie„inade an attack on Fontarabia,

JULY 22. 1886,

And was repulsed under circumstances which would seem
to be any thing but honourable to the assailants.

Great preparations were made for the operation. It
was duly heralded by private letters from Passages which,
of course, fuund their way into the Ministerial. "If I
am rightly informed," said one of the writers of these
epistles, dated the 9th inst., " the Legion is about to
perform an important operation.. We are preparing for
a forward movement, and you will soon hear a good ac-
count of us; we shall teach the enemy whom he has to-
deal with."

From what we can gather, several thousand men—the
Carlists say six—were put on board armed steamers,
gun-boats, and other craft, and conveyed to the mortar
of the Bidasson, where they landed, the shipping assist-
ing by a smart fire upon the town. One division of the
troops dashed at the half-fortified convent or chapel of
Guadalupe, which they captured, preparatory to an at-
tack on the town ; but the Carlists maintained their posts
gallantly, and, having received a reinforcement Gene-
ral EVANS, after much noisy firing with but little exe-
cution, retreated after sustaining a considerable loss.
It stated that EvaNs began the • operation' with 6000
men. The old castle which defends Fontarabia has only
a few guns mounted, and there were but 1100 Carlists to
defend it until a reinforcement arrived from Irun, and
then the Carlists did not exceed 4000.

This is really a very miserable affair for the great
General EvANs. Think of steam-ships, gun-boats, and
a whole fleet of trincadores, commanded by a Spanish
admiral ; General EVANS with half of his Legion ; a goodly
army of Spaniards under JOUREGUI j a powerful artillery
Congreve rockets, &c. all of the best quality supplied
from the English royal arsenal at Woolwich under the
special superintendence of my Lord PALMERSTON ; and
all to end in so inglorious a repulse.
We regret to add that eleven Englishmen who fell
into the hands of the Carlists were shot. General
EVANS himself, it is stated, had a narrow_ escape from
capture.

A large Turkish naval armament under the celebrated,
TAHIR PACHA, is at present on one of the Porte's peri-
odical visits to the Regencies of Tripoli and Tunis, for
the purpose of levying contributions and setting up new
Beys.
At the date of the last accounts TARIR PACHA was at
Tripoli, but what he is doing there is not very ac-
curately known. It seems, however, that a French
squadron of four sail of the line and some smaller ves-
sels were at Tunis, under Admiral HUGON, whose orders
were to defend the Bey at all hazards; and it is proba-
ble that a conflict has taken place. The Turkish force
is greatly superior to that of the French.
The latter act on the hypothesis that the Sultan's
object is to stimulate the Arabs who are in arms against
the French at Algiers. We think it much more probable
that;France meditates the seizure of Tunis and Tripoli,
with the intention of adding them to what she calls her
African Colonies. We suppose the time will come when
the importance of these movements on the part of the
French will be seen by the British Government, even
though Lord PALMERSTON should continue at the head
of the Foreign Office.

Ministers are making an effort to wind up the Session
of Parliament at the close of the present month. It is
time. Their friends are gallopping off to the country
and if they do not take care they will be outvoted upon
the next great party question which may divide- the
House.

The Irish Church Temporalities Bill is before the
Peers. Their Lordships, like all other men, are anxious
to put the question of Tithes to rest, and we fear that
they are likely to pass the portion of the Bill relating to
that subject without alteration.
But what is to dome of the Appropriation clause and
its consequents ? The question need' not be asked.
They will reject it. And should Lord JOHN RUSSELL!
attempt to induce the House on that ground, Sir ROBERT
PEEL will again try the Ministerial strength, and afford
the country further proof that the majority grows small
by degrees and beautifully less. Nay, there are serious
fears in more qdarters than one that, owing to the state
of the attendance oe the Ministerial benches, Lord Jou):
may be in a. minority.
The lesson of a diminishing majority is worth teaching.
The present Parliament is confidently believed to have
held its last Session. The King will not for ever consent
to he ridden rough shod over. The People, too, will
by-and-by open their eyes to the trespasses of the meanest
and basest Ministry that ever administered the govern-
ment of England. We know that the Whigs will not
venture to dissolve the Parliament, because they have
nothing to hope from that experiment. Still we verily
believe that Parliament will be dissolved in the course of
the next six months ; and if all the friends of the Monarchy
do their duty as the Conservatives of Lancashire are
resolved to do theirs, we shall have a new Government
and a better system ; and not a Whit less of real reform
because the new Government will be Tory.

On Monday evening, MR. SPRING RICE proceeded in
Committee with the Newspaper Stamp Bill. Since the
last discussion, he has been in communication with the
Humt.s, GROTES, and WAKLEYS, and to them he has
made various concessions which the reader will find in
detail in our report of the debate.
That crotchetty Banker, Mr. GROTE, is making an
effort to persuade Mr. SPRING RICE to compel each News-
paper to take out a die for its Stamp, with the name of
the journal printed in the Stamp. The pretence for this
is, that the records of the.Stampoffice will be more accu-
rate; when some Member, to favour the trading purposes
of certain of his newspaper supporters, moves for a return
of the number of stamps supplied to each printer. Mt.
RICE has promised to "consider" this proposition. Nis
sheer humbug, and ought not to be countenanced. Just
as absurd is it to prohibit one printer from selling or
lending stamped paper to his neighbour in cases of emer-
gency. Mr. LEADER was pleased to say that he consi-
dered newspapers "a species of public property." Really,
this profound gentleman entertains very odd notions.
If newspapers are public property, it is not exactly fair to
expect private individuals to carry theni on with, their
own money and at their own L isk.
A considerable portion of the evening was consumed
in debating the question whether the Irish proprietors
should be placed upon the same footing as the. English,
and the House was twice divided. Of course the bawlers
fur 'Justice to Ireland' voted against 'Justice to England.'
O'CoNNELL demands equal laws; and the CnArreELLort
of the EXCHEQUER puts his interpretation: upon that de-
mand, and gives the Irish newspaper proprietor a dis-
count of 25 per cent. ! This is Justice to Ireland, and
something more.'
At the suggestion of Mr. GOULBURN, Mr. RICE con-
sented to apply his maximum of 1530 superficial inches
to the print, and not to the sheet of paper. This will
admit of the publication of double Times, double Herald,
and double Chronicles at the single duty of one penny
The Rt. Hon. Gent. has acted wisely. It is all very well
to limit the sheet ; but it was neither politic nor fair t°
interfere with existing arrangements.

It is understood that the Bill comes into operation On
the Ist of September, but we rather think the 10th of
October will be the day ultimately fixed upon.
In the debate on Monday evening, Sir ROBERT PrEl;
bore warm testimony to the enterprize, talent, and gene-
ral high character of the English Newspaper Press; ax'd
the CIL of the EXCHEQUER expressed hearty
concurrence in all that the Rt. Hon. Baronet had said-
We do not think we justly lay ourselves open to .a chair
of egotism or selfish feeling when we say that these
gies, in a general sense, are merited. Person's onae`;
quainted with the newspaper business are little aware sof.
the constant attention and downright hard labour involved
;
in it. Large capitals are also embarked in the princiPliol
journals, which capital makes less return, Perhaps, il7r.
any other of equal investment. Yet such men. a 9,
Leader start up in the House of Commons and attempt ,
defend inquisitorial invasions by adding insult to
They consider newspapers, forsooth, 4.`•a species,of Pub'
ac 6,
property.- •

Our readers have all beard of the Ftlud,..,, bf;;
cause HuktE, O'CONNELL, anti the whole batch'of

; '

seem

these
at to
0* for
d ae-

AS to

rners.

loutl4

ssist-
f the
,e 1 of
n at-

;ene-

exe-
los!4.
6000
only

sts to
1, and

great
;, and

an isli

oodly
illery
)plied
r the
; and

D felt

neral

rated,
pet i-
s, for

) new

vas at

y ac-

rench

)rders
)roba-

force

]tan's

;ainst
bable

ripoli,
Its her
when
of the

, even

head

!scion

entry
I upon
to the

re the

3 Xi ouS
it that

ing to

se and

asked.
