SLAVERY.

ViSeOnnl, ST. VINCENT, On rising to present the petition of
the merchants, traders, landed proprietors, and others interested
in the West India colonies, praying compensation in the mea-
sure for the extinction of slavery, said that their lordships, he
doubted not, would give the petition, coming, as it did, from
such a body of men, due consideration.
Lord SUFFIEI 1) and the- Lunn CHANCELLOR presented peti-
tions for the abolition of slavery, which having been laid on the
table, their lordships adjourned. . .

HOUSE OF COMMONS, TuBSDAY, MAX 4.
This day was fixed for the ballot to try the trerits of the Staf-
ford election petition. The agents and Varties Were called, but
did not answer, so that no ballot took pltle. • ,
Mr. LEECH presented a petition from fallantn, its the county
of Surrey, on the subject of a comntutatiou Urtithc,
CASE OF MR.

Sir T. FREEMANTIX took this '9pporttinity of presenting a
petition, of which he had given notice, froM Mr. Chas. Beamish,
lately a clerk in the Navy Pay-office, who complained of being
removed from his office.
BOROUGH OF CARRkKFERGUS.

Mr. O'CONNELL brought in a bill, pursuant to the report of
the Carrickfergus Election Conimittee, for excluding the town
and borough of Carrickfergus from returning in future a bur-
gess to serve for that place in Parliament.
The bill was lead a first time, and ordered to be read a second
time. on that day week, and to be printed.
Mr. ABERCROMBY .brought up the report of. the Select Com-
mittee up.o.n Corporations, which was ordered to be printed.
Lord Viscount EBRINGTON, seeing his noble friend, the
Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, in his place, wished, in
reference to what had occurred in another place last night, to
put a question to him as to whether it was the intention of his
Majesty's advisers, in consequence of that occurrence, to adopt
any change of conduct in
.our foreign relations towards Por-
tugal: Although he was aware this question would be made the
subject of a distinct and substantive motion by the gallant
member fur Worcester, pursuant to an express notice by that

clq allant member, he yet thought it essential that the house
should now receive souse assurance that no steps should be"
taken to change the present line of conduct pursued by his
Majesty's government towards that country, without affording
to that house an opportunity of debating this subject. 10 cer-,
tainly had as good a right as the other house to such an oppor-,
tunity, and he was particularly desirous that it should hav,e it
'before any such steps were taken by his Majesty's government.
The opinion pronounced by that vote last night, he believed,
was an opinion diametrically in opposition to that of the verY
great majority in the'Commons' House of Parliamen as well
as in opposition to the feelings of the people of this •ountry.
(Loud Cheers.) He repeated, that he thought it esse 'al that
his noble friend should be called on to give if it Ivo; in his
power, an assurance to the house and the public, that no change
should be resolved on in respect to our foreign relations With
that country, until an opportunity was afforded of expressing
the sense of the house, which he did not hesitate to assume
would be in that instance, as well as in others, involving the
most important interests of the people of this country, com-
pletely in accordance with the opinion entertained out of doors,
and in direct opposition to that of the other House of Parlia-
ment. (Cheering.)
Lord PALMERSTON rose and observed, that during the period
that he and his colleagues had been called on to act as the official
advisers of the Crown, they had, both with respect to the question
of our relations with Portugal, as well as with other foreign
States, followed that line of conduct which they conceived would
be most conducive to the honour and dignity of the Crown.—
(Hean) Whilst they continued the task of advising his Ma-
jesty, the house might rely omit that he and his colleagues would
not depart from the course they had hitherto pursued, or swerve
from maintaining those principles which had actuated them, so
long as they felt themselves, as in this instance they did, sill)"
ported by the confidence of that house, and the public at large.
(Hear.)

CHINA TRADE.
Sir GEORGE STAUNTON rose to -draw the attention of tbo •
house to this subject, but was interrupted by
Mr. Sheriff HuMPHERY, who moved that tte house be counted.
The gallery was accordingly cleared, and, forty members not
being.present, the house adjourned.
