TO CORRESPONDENTS

D. G.!' need not be under any apprehensions—the
ttnhoerecatuhseepwame
apdh!eoteahtee.alludes to is perused the better for
Will 44 A. Live 00l Shareholder," who writes respecting
the Eastern Corpunties Railway, have the kindness to fur-
nish us with his name? We find it extremely inconveni-
ent to depart from the rule which we have laid down—that
of not receiving for insertion any communication where
the name of the writer is withheld.

tbr Riberpoot &tanbarb

rESDAY MORNING, MARCH 19, 1339.

We have before us an abstract of the accounts of a
considerable estate in British Guiana, from which it is
dent that the system of
free labour has hitherto
Proved anything but advantageous, either to the ne-
g,lbea, themselves, or to the planters. The manager
of
411 e estate in question observes, " The great diminution
andt gang and quantum of labour, since the freedom,
th
. Impossibility of obtaining other labourers in
en' stead, has
aid caused the better part of the cane fields
the Whole of the coffee and plantain cultivation to
fr er very much from grass. We have been employed
unl. the 18th September till date, cutting canes and
Lli,king sugar solely, and have made only 74 hhds.; we
uotght have made 170 if situated as last year, besides
mg the coffee ;
having picked, with a few strangers
31';_40 hired themselves for that purpose, only 2,840 lbs.,
stead of from 10,000 to 15,000 lbs., had we been able
late labourers. The deficiency of crop for this
Year, from absolute want of labour, is at least 10011ds.
ellegar and 12,000 lbs. coffee. It will be absolutely ne-
-B:sarY to take off the ripe canes now standing, as the
cega.r otherwise will be lost ; but the consequent ne-
h 414' of neglecting the rest of the cultivation, which
as. already suffered so much, must cause a great de-
r
fi eleneY in the ensuing crop. Very small, if any, re-
el4e can be expected from the planters under these
pl cutastances. It will require every exertion to em-
ploy the estate's gang." It appears that the ac-
w; crop of sugar, realised from this estate in 18383.
of 203 hhds. The quantity of sugar lost for want
~„ labour was
itu atitity 100 hhds., or one-third of the crop.
"le actual crop of coffee for 1838 was 2,840 lbs. The
of coffee lost for want of labour was 12,000
thB'' or five-sixths of the whole. When we state that
e above result may be taken as a fair average of the
c 0 of estates in British Guiana, as far as re-
!,artls sugar, and that the crop of coffee is generally
tierY deficient it Must be evident that a considerable
stse must take place in the prices of these two great
aple articles of colonial produce, and that the British
ePublic will thus have to pay an additional tax for the
t:laneipation of the negroes. For this result we have
41. thank the whig ministry, through whose bungling
LiSulanagernent the most valuable of our colonies have
"frown into a state approximating upon anarchy.
That the planters have not dealt harshly with the
llegThes, wherever the latter have conducted themselves
°l3erlY, we have seen abundant evidence. The state-
kent before us includes a charge for a hogshead of por-
tilt and an ox, which were given, on Christmas-day, to
ii°l3e labourers who had been at work on the estate.
fore:11111 of 1392 guilders had also been paid in wages
month of December—an indication of anything
41-1' an indisposition on the part of the planters to re-
aerate the the labourers according to their merits.

th_W. e niade some remarks in our last publication on
b: Intolerant spirit which was evinced by score mem-
esorrsfasoftetniheugTown Council, when their favourite scheme
a troop of hungry radicals upon the dock
fate, under the semblance of a Dock Improvement
he' was so properly rejected by the Council itself,
fo Majority of whom, in this instance at least, being
ten:1111d On the side of vested interests. It was our in-
ch 44:" to have made some remarks upon the scales of
rges exhibited in the " report" of the Finance
nlinittee, to shew the inaccuracy of the statements :
4.8": for instance, in page 186, where the comparative
tharp
•tb for a vessel are made out, not at the time of
afreee
inquiry in 1839, but in the year 1835, four years
sr Without the information being appended, that
ice that period the dock-dues have been reduced
ilird• But as the question has been rocked asleep,
b this session at least, we shall not disturb its repose ;
tit: °llly remark, in justice to the warehouse owners,
I a
ibt it was exceedingly unfair towards theth that the
,:llee Committee should have handed over to their
-1
to the
the scale of charges, which they submitted
tile committee, whilst the charges now published in
the
report were kept back from them ; and so it became
possible to answer before the votes of the Council
ere men on the question. But it is all of a-piece
'Whig conduct, which never acts openly and con-
w:TitlY, except by mistake. It is clear that the bill
intended to be carried in defiance of evidence.
lie scent of a whig after power and patronage is pro-
toauiallY clear : but, in this instance, by grasping at
elk much, they have lost all. It is now our duty to
oatil. are the improvements of the port to stand still
,rta- the bill of Messrs. LEATHOM, EVANS, HIGGINS,
to WALMSLEY evaporates? Is nothing to be done
theentralize our dock accommodation, and to remedy
(6e.gialing defects of the management, as exhibited
11;N the late hurricane ? Are men, who are the
e creatures of yesterday, to vent their spleen, and
c(-4;4 about amongst merchants of a hundred times the
sequence they are, and give themselves airs which
4°d be supremely ridiculous, if they were not unfor-
elY vested with power to do more mischief in a
h they have ever done good in their lives ? It
1011 time that a change should take place ; and if
br• EWA-Rl', now he is in Parliament, would only
Ivj in a bill to reform the Municipal Reform Bill,
colt Will tender him our best thanks ; for a more in-
en_Petent set of creatures than many members of the
khncil never directed the local affairs of a great corn-
ker "Y• What better can be expected, when silk-
rokbeers are members of Pilot Committees,—when
cal men are called to legislate for merchants on
oiatlLti°l4B Which require nautical skill, and dabble in
fo's as foreign to their education and habits, as it
prticir a sailor to comprehend a musty record on juris-
Of elle; or a Creek Indian to understand the value
4;1.4 de Naples ? One effect of the Reform Bill has
to 411t° bring ignorance and presumption, like stubble,
at nn the surface ; whilst all that is valuable is
then and at the bottom, and may probably remain
have until the turbid stream of popular frenzy shall
Krearrelled by. But it cannot long be permitted that a
bleeithtcswn like this is to be for ever governed by local
cads, whose fantastic tricks are enough to make a
the eeros laugh. Much of the fault, however, lies with
::)°aervative party—perhaps we might say, with our
cir;ervative merchants. We must recollect that cir-
heeretiarlees are altered, that the elective franchise is
to I°Y the law of the land, placed in different hands
hiteZt it was, 'and if men of standing, of weight, of
Bence, refuse to come forward and solicit their
theY are sure to support the man who will do so,
kid flattertheir vanity to conceal his own ignorance,
port:ill not lack splendid promises in the inverse pro-
to 100,11 t° his ability to fulfil them. It is better for us
aod the evil in the, face than to see ourselves snubbed
tans rbeuled by jacks in office, whose propensities
the
fit them for the monkey cage in the Zoological
tolvirie 118 than for places at the Council Board at the
evervoif: I-averpool. Both in Parliament, and in almost
oorono, the Reform Bill has foisted upon the
Of Co hundreds of persons who have turned our House
intoLl/111°ns into a bear-garden, and our Council-rooms
that mere debating clubs, where expletives are used
that Zs:Mid disgrace a common tap-room. We suspect
4trufr,_,ll3' with many of the boroughs, a life and death
acttre, but as it is almost impossible for a Whig to
the 11aillY, and politically speaking, an honest part,
honest are beginning to open their eyes to the dis-
ere lo! and incompetency of their rulers, and we hope,
Oet deg, that a clean sweep will be made of the whole
We freely admit, that in the present day, it is
boall agreeable • thing for a gentleman to leave his own
'obi, cgs and connexions, and mingle in the political
tireteite grapple foot by foot with men whose upstart
ie I°llB are, individually, beneath criticism. But it
terve:ll4le duty to do so. He has property to pre-
t.ereaterd domestic comforts to protect. And he is in-
eeinsti 111 maintaining those laws which afford equal
to ,
inerck. "le rich and the poor. Let, then, our leading
,
he 2iv.. , en of name, of business, and of character,
upon altering the state of things under
hk theo • ehl • °fliraunity is suffering, and under who e
te,, , sway no
-owed property seems secure. Let them be
ekvane 11_ nr iouslP° taking seats in the Council—let them
%et tne va Wards, and cultivate an acquaint-
'With the /piddle classes. It will form a bond of

union not sufficiently considered, and if they will per-
severe in such a course, they will, assuredly, relieve the
town from:the odium under which it at present labours;
and, instead of the miserable and crude legislation
which has its origin in jobbing, and for its end, power,
patronage, and exclukveness, we may have our local
improvements projected and, executed without the in-
fringement of a single right, and without that heart-
burning, which has made the town a scene of discord
since the sirocco of reform has covered us with hordes
of stinging mosquitos, under the name of Town Coun-
cillors, Aldermen, and Angelites.

We have received files of the Jamaica Despatch and
the Jamaica Royal Gazette, to the 6th ultimo inclusive.
We are still furnished with news of an unfavourable
character from this important colony. The negroes
continue to manifest great indisposition to labour--the
crops are, consequently, deficient—famine is likely to
be the reward of culpable indolence—and insubordina-
tion is an alternative which may be daily apprehended.
It can be no longer concealed that the emancipation of
the negroes, under the circumstances which accom-
panied its final fruition, has not worked satisfactorily.
The negroes have, in most instances, falsified the con-
fident predictions of the abolitionists. They have
proved themselves idle, selfish, and ungrateful, not only
in those cases in which no charge of harshness could be
brought against their former masters, but even in cases
where indulgence towards them was almost carried to a
fault. We have no hesitation in adding, that these de-
luded creatures have been encouraged in their indolence,
to the manifest injury of both planters and labourers,
and, perhaps, to the eventual ruin of the West Indian
colonies, by the meddling and inquisitorial function-
aries, who have been promoted by the present govern-
ment to the office of stipendiary magistrates. Many of
these busy bodies are men of low origin, whilst most of
them have gone out to the West Indies strongly imbued
with the bitterest prejudices against the planters, and
predetermined to do them all the injury in their power.
Would that it were in our power to say, that men, pro-
fessing to exercise the sacred calling of ministers of
religion, have not contributed to augment the evils
by which society in the West Indies is now afflicted !
We are, however, compelled to say, that the holy office
of the Christian missionary has been degraded, in the
persons of Mr. KNIBB and his brethren, by being
made subservient to the spread of animosity, disaffec-
tion, and extortion.

From the papers before us we learn that little or no
improvement has taken place in the conduct of the la-
bourers, since the date of the last advices. From the
Despatch of February 6 we learn that "little of the
present crop of coffee was at Alligator Pond wharf;
when formerly it was usual, at the same period of the
year, for one-third of the crops to be there." The
shipments at that wharf have ranged from six to ten
thousand tierces of coffee per crop : this year three
thousand casks are expected to be the amount .of ship-
ments. Many of the finest properties in the parish of
Vere are choked with weeds, and a great proportion of
the crop lies rotting on the ground, in consequence of
the refusal of the labourers to pick it. A very high
rate of wages was offered to the negroes for picking,
the coffee ; but, in consequence of their exorbitant de-
mands, many of the planters will be compelled to send
home inferior samples. Even after the coffee has been
picked, it is with the greatest difficulty that waggon-
men can be procured to convey the produce to the
wharf. This is by no means an isolated instance of
the bad effects of the present system. In nearly all
the parishes in the island, and on almost every pro-
perty, the same ruinous consequences are perceptible.
In the parish of Manchester there are about 19,000
negroes—quite sufficient to have secured all the coffee,
cleared all the fields, and even extended them where re-
quired. Instead of doing this, the majority of the
fields had been left in a very foul state, one-third of
the crop was rotting on the ground, and what had been
secured was not conveyed to the wharf.
The Royal Gazette (a paper inclined towards libe-
ralism in its politics) presents us with a variety of de-
tails, exhibiting the deplorable state of the island, and
the almost hopelessness of its future prospects. This
paper suggests, as the only cure for the prevailing
evils, that " even-handed justice should be exercised—
that the laws should be administered by righteous
judges—that the rights of property should be respect-
ed—and that the fontentors of discord should be held in
check." This is tolerably strong language, coming as
it does from a decided advocate of emancipation, espe-
cially when it is added that, "if this be not acceded to,
then the sooner the island is given up the better."
The same journal asserts that property has been
bought, in various instances, at such high rates, on
the faith that government would interfere to protect
the interests of the planters, as would have been,
under other circumstances, nothing less than absolute
madness. In reference to the general effects of the
process of emancipation, and the policy of government,
the Gazette has the following strong remarks :—" The
West Indians, from the period of the celebrated reso-
lutions of 1823, saw their properties deteriorating in
value, until indeed they were without value at all; and
properties, which a few years before would have brought
£70,000, were knocked down by public auction, with
scarcely a bidder, at £B,OOO or £9,000. 'The colonists
naturally opposed this dreadful sacrifice, and manfully
fought against this invasion. Could any one, looking
back, have expected them to act otherwise. At last,
the greatest revolution is complete—there is nothing
more to take from us—thousands have been ruined—
thousands have been reduced to beggary, and the
swelling number of our pauper lists is an earnest of
what is to be expected. Why then should the govern-
ment continue that oppressive system as if it had out-
easts of, society or a penal colony to deal with. Is the
proprietor of an estate in Jamaica to be considered a
monster so soon as he sets his foot in this island ? Are
his feelings and very nature changed ? Are proprietors
to be persecuted, and their privileges as British sub-
jects to be wrested from them ? Surely it is time that
more liberal ideas should enter the minds of our
rulers. A liberal government ! Faugh ! The word is
libelled, and ought to be thrust out of use. With the
co-operation of the proprietors much may be done to
save the island from impending destruction. We call
upon them, and upon the Government, at once to exert
their energies, and by a very easy and straightforward
course protect the rights of all parties, and be no longer
blindly guided by a faction, whose designs may be dis-
covered when too late to be frustrated." Equally
strong on this subject is the language of the other
journals. It appears that this magnificent island is
rapidly declining in prosperity ; and we are inclined to
agree with the Despatch, when it says, that this declen-
sion is "wholly and solely attributable to the march of
misrule—to the perverse and malignant ascendancy of
prejudice and fanaticism—and to the baneful influence
of demagogues and agitators. The Despatch says that
" never were seasons more mild and propitious than
have been those of the last twelve months, and the
blooming fertility of the land gave promise of rich har-
vests ; but the withering blight of sloth and sulkiness
nipped the planters' hopes in the bud, and the stimulus
of certain gain failed to remove the death-like spell
which bigotry and superstition had cast upon the peo-
ple." In reference to the policy of the government, in
conniving at the incendiary proceedings of the agitators,
who have exercised so baneful, an influence over the
negroes, the Despatch very forcibly remarks :—" In the
meantime, to those who can think and reason, or fore-
s ee the deplorable results, the unpardonable supineness
of the government which tolerates such destructive doc-
trines, and even patronizes the incendiaries who instil
them, appears wicked and treacherous in the extreme.
It is aiming a deadly blow at the commerce and mari-
time prosperity of the British nation, and it is adding
a fresh link to the chains of slavery in foreign states.
It is precipitating the ruin of, her Majesty's colonial
possessions, whilst it is improving the resources of her
enemies at large !"

If such were considered the probable results of the
policy pursued under the superintendence of Lord
Glenelg, what may not be expected from the malignant
sway of Lord Nonnanby ? Looking at the consequences
of the administration of the affairs of Ireland under
Lord Normanby, we confess that we entertain the most
serious apprehensions from his interference with our
colonial possessions. His systematic oppression of the
Protestants of Ireland—his ostentatious patronage of
Popery—and his proved connivance at crimes and out-
rages of the most revolting character—by the impunity
with which the perpetrators were invested—afford us
any thing but consolatory hopes as to his career as
Colonial Secretary.

We sincerely hope that the time is not far distant
when the state of the West Indian colonies will be
brought prominently before the notice of parliament,
with a view to some amelioration of their condition.
Are the interests of our West Indian merchants and
planters--not to say any thing of the interests of the
negro population of our colonies—alone to remain un-
protected ? Are their grievances, multiplied and ag-
gravated as they are, alone to remain unredressed ?
While our manufacturers at home, in the enjoyment of
acknowledged prosperity, are clamouring for justice
and protection, let us be excused for demanding—
" JUSTICE TO OUR COLONIES !"

The anti-corn law conspiracy—whatever may be the
result of the division which was expected to take place
in the House of Commons last night—has received its
quietus from the masterly exposure contained in Sir
ROBERT PEEL'S speech, delivered on Friday night.
We offer no apology for designating the proceedings of
the anti-corn law delegates a conspiracy. It was essen-
tially a conspiracy against the most vital interests of the
country, and calculated, if it had been successful, to
disturb the balance of power in the state, by giving an
undue preponderance to the Democratic element in the
Constitution. The secret object of this conspiracy was,
to neutralise the influence and to destroy the ascen-
dancy of the agricultural interest—that interest, which,
of all others, has most consistently maintained its alle-
giance to the throne of these realms, and manifested its
inviolable attachment to the time-honoured institutions
of the country. The avowed object of those who
originated .the present movement against the corn laws
was, to seek for protection for our manufacturers, and
to enable them to compete with the manufacturers of
other countries, by the removal of restrictions on the
importation of grain. It would be absurd to suppose
that the manufacturers of this country could be so
stupidly blind as to persuade themselves that a free
trade in corn would operate eventually as a protection
to British manufacturers. They must know that it is
as much the policy and interest of foreign governments,
as of our own, to protect their native manufactures ;
and that any measures which might be taken by the
British legislature, for the purpose of nurturing the
manufactures of England, at the expense of foreign
nations, would be most certainly counteracted. Is it
not the very height of absurdity to suppose, that the
continental governments would permit us to derive any
benefit from the exportation of their corn ? Would it
not be their policy to prohibit. exportation, as soon as
they discovered that it would militate against their
native manufactures ? The anti-corn law agitators
must be perfectly conscious that such must be the
natural and inevitable result of the removal of the re-
strictions against which they profess to declaim.
The real motive, as we have before stated; of the
anti-corn-law conspirators is, to procure a virtual re-
peal of the reform bill. These men have discovered
that the reform bill has not worked to their satisfaction
—that it has not subserved their nefarious and destruc-
tive designs—that it has given a preponderating influ-
ence to the wealth, intelligence, and (we are not asham-
ed of stating it) to the landed aristocracy of the coun-
try. Such was not the object of those who clamoured
so vociferously for " the bill, the whole bill, and no-
thing but the bill." They intended it to be an instru-
ment for facilitating the ascendency of democracy, and
thus preparing the way for the ultimate adoption of
republican institutions. That it has not realised these
contemplated results we have to thank the patriotic
feeling—the attachment to Protestantism—of the peo-
ple of this country, and the inflexible firmness and
resolution of the House of Lords.

We have insisted the more strongly on the political
motives of the anti-corn-law agitators, because these
motives have not hitherto been sufficiently dwelt upon
by our contemporaries. That we are correct in attri-
buting such motives to these pestilent agitators will
appear tolerably evident when we reflect that those who
advocate a repeal of the corn-laws are almost exclu-
sively radicals in politics. In what conservative news-
paper in the .kingdom (except the Times some weeks
ago) has the abolition of the corn-laws been advocated ?
What conservative member of the House of Commons
has been found to express his sentiments, or record his
vote in favor of such a measure ? How many conser-
vatives have been found willing to sign petitions pray-
ing for a repeal of :the corn-laws ? On the contrary,
has this topic not been made the theme of incessant
declamation in every radical journal in the kingdom ?
We say, therefore, that the political origin of the anti-
corn-law agitation is as manifest as daylight. It is
neither more nor less than a desperate expedient to
prop up a tottering administration, and especially to
increase the popularity of the more democratic members
of the cabinet.

We rejoice, therefore, that Sir ROBERT PEEL, in
his masterly and statesmanlike speech of Friday night,
has, taking the anti-corn law agitators on their own
grounds, completely and triumphantly exposed the fal-
lacy of their statements, the groundlessness of their
charges, the absurdity of their complaints, and the
shuffling inconsistency which has characterised all their
proceedings, and pervaded all their arguments. For
this splendid exercise •of his eloquence, the right hon.
baronet deserves the gratitude of his fellow-countrymen,
in whose cause, and on whose behalf, his powerful
talents have been so successfully exerted.

The electors of North Devon have nobly performed
their duty ! Once more have we to congratulate the
friends of our glorious constitution on the event of a
signal victory over Radicalism and Whiggery. A few
years ago the whole representation of Devonshire, in
both of its divisions, was in possession of the Whigs.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL was the first to experience the
mortification of a defeat. Two other seats were suc-
cessively wrested from the time-serving Whigs. Now,
the whole of the county members are staunch Con-
servatives. Mr. BUCK has been returned instead of
Lord EBRINGTON, in spite of the most determined
opposition, in spite of Whig influence, exercised in the
most unscrupulous manner, and by a majority so de-
cisive, as to demonstrate the existence of a powerful
reaction in favour of conservative principles. At the
final close of the poll the numbers were :

For Mr. BUCK...
Mr. BULLER.

3720
3240

Majority 4BO

As the Times very properly remarks, the result of
this election will prove " a heavy blow and great dis-
couragement" to the cause of Whig-Radical ascen-
dancy. If a general appeal were now made to the
country, we have no doubt that two-thirds of the con-
stituencies would return conservative members. Thanks
to the anti-corn law agitation.

HACKNEY COACHES.—We are glad to observe that some
of the coaches, which now occupy the whole of Castle-street,
are to be removed to a stand at the bottom of Lord-street,
and there is in future to be a passage of three feet wide
between each coach. This is a very desirable arrangement,
as, for some time past, the coaches in Castle-street, have
stood so near each other that it was impossible to pass
between them, so that persons have frequently to go nearly
the length of the street before they could pass from one side
to the other.

------ -
THE DISPENSARIES.—We observe that the Committee
have issued circulars announcing the depressed state of the
funds of the Dispensaries, -and their claims upon the atten-
tion of the public. Every individual in the community is
interested in their prosperity, and we believe the folio:wing
statement will stir up our townsmen to liberal contributions,
to enable the committee to augment the benefits of such in-
valuable institutions. In consequence of the townships of
Everton and Kirkdale now participating in the relief afforded
by these charities, and for other reasons, a debt of £7OO has
been incurred, and the average expenditure exceeding the
annual income, the committee are dependant upon casual
benefactions for upwards of £l,OOO per annum, which
necessarily cripples their exertions. The clergy have now
an urgent opportunity of placing the claims of the Dispen-
saries before their respective congregations.
ARRIVAL AT NEW YORK OF THE ACCOUNTS OF THE
LATE HURRICANE.—The packet-ship Cambridge, Captain
Bursley, which, it will be recollected, rode out the storm in
the Mersey, and which sailed, on the morning of the 10th of
January, for New York, reached that city on the 12th of the
following month. The news which she carried out of the
dreadful disasters to the shipping on the banks, and the con-
sequent loss of life, produced the most melancholy feelings
in the minds of the citizens of New York, particularly in
those of the numerous citizens connected with commerce
and shipping. All the vessels in the port hoisted their flags
half-mast, out of respect for the memory of the unfortunate
individuals who had perished during the storm. The death
of Captain Smith, of the packet-ship Pennsylvania, who
was universally known and respected, excited feelings of
marked regret in the public mind. Mrs. Smith, who is left
a widow with two young children, when the heart-rending
tidings of his melancholy fate were broken to her, became
almost frantic with grief, " refusing to be comforted."
Towards the end of a week, however, her mind became
comparatively tranquil, and, at the date of the last accounts,
she had, through the consolations of religion, nearly
recovered from the dreadful shock caused by the intelligence
of her beloved husband's premature and awfal death. On
the Sunday after the arrival of the Cambridge, the melan-
choly occurrences at Liverpool were improved by the clergy-
men of New York from their pulpits. Similar demonstra-
tions of feeling and of sympathy for the loss of the lives of
the valuable citizens who perished at Liverpool were subse-
quently made in all the cities of the Union.
