charge them boldly with deserting the fundamental princi-
ples of this Christian country. (Hear, hear.) I tell them
that they are, by such principles of action, leading the tem-
poral bead of this country into an abandonment of the very
oath by which she came forward as, under God, the " De-
fender of the Faith,"• and swore to protect the Established
Church and to abjure and detest the damnable errors of
popery.(llear, hear.) With these remarks, gentlemen,
allow me in the name of the Bishop and clergy of the diocese
to return you my most cordial thanks for the honour you
have conferred upon us. And if the charge of political par-
tizanship be breathed against me for coming forward upon
this occasion, I say to those who will be open mouthed in
making it—
The PRESIDENT.—Never mind them ! (Loud cheers and
laughter.)
Mr. Powys.—l do not mind them, but there is one thing
I do mind—and there is one thing I do like, namely, I like
to hear my enemies speak out. (Cheers.) I like to hear a
dog bark, for I know he has in this case no teeth to bite with ;
and if he barks and bites at the clergy for taking a political
part, let him also bark with the other side of his mouth, and
tell me how it comes, under a whig administration, none hut
whigs are made bishops, and none but whigs are sent to
crown livings to preside over them ? (Hear, hear.) The
hon. and rev. gentleman concluded by thanking the meeting
for their attention, and then resumed his seat amidst great
cheering.
The PRESIDENT gave the next toast—" The Navy of Old
England, and may we never forget their services."
Band—" Rule Britannia."
The PRESIDENT then begged to give them the health of
the excellent Member for the Borough, who had in all in-
stances done his duty. (Cheers.) Had he not been pre-
sent, he (the President) would have said a great deal more ;
but he would at all events say, that they would return him
again., again, and again. (Loud cheering.) He begged to
give them John Ireland Blackburne, Esq. (Tremendous
cheering, and three times three.)
Chorus.—" For he's a hearty good fellow."
J. IRELAND BLACKBURNE, Esq., rose amidst great cheer-
ing, and said, that from the very favourable manner in which
they had been kind enough to receive the toast, which had
been introduced to them in such flattering language by his
worthy friend, he was led to believe that his parliamentary
conduct had given them satisfaction. (Cheers.) No one
felt deeper regret than himself at having been prevented giv-
ing his vote upon a most interesting occasion—the education
question—on which he felt most deeply—which, under most
administrations, might have been attended with most impor-
tant results. But few believed that, if her Majesty's minis-
ters had been left in a minority, instead of being left in a
pitiful majority of two, that they would have again abandoned
their places. (Hear.) Supported by the powerful influence
of the Crown, and commanding a very small majority in the
House of Commons, his opinion was that they would never
abandon their places until they were forced from them
(cheers) by the House of Commons, an event not very likely
to occur in the present house. (Cheers.) But the time
could not be far distant, nicely balanced as parties were,
when her Majesty must appeal to her people, and they would
answer her in a manner not to be misunderstood. (Loud
cheers.) The new representatives in the House of Com-
mons would then have to ask her Majesty to dismiss a
cabinet which, whether we looked at home or abroad, have
shewn themselves incapable to conduct the affairs of this great
nation. (Loud applause.) If ever there was a period which
required a strong administration, it was the present. (Hear.)
When war threatened us in some parts of the east and actually
raged:in another—some colonies in a disaffected state and
others in actual rebellion, we must confess that we were placed
in a fearful situation ; and if ever there was a period—he must
repeat—which required a strong administration it was the pre-
sent. (Hear, and cheers.) We wanted men who would not
make promises which they knew they could never perform,—
(hear)—we wanted gentlemenwho did not pretend an affection
for established liberty which in practice they endeavour to
overthrow,—(loud cheers)—we wanted gentlemen who will
not inundate the country with a set of useless commissioners,
but who would endeavour to reform abuses and amend our laws,
—(cheers)—who by their firmness and decision would regain
the confidence of the people which had been mainly alienated
by the inflammatory doctrines her majesty's ministers had
themselves promulgated. (cheers.) In his belief had Lord
John Russell last winter instead of encouraging illegal meet-
ings of the people adopted the same proceedings which he had
latterly been obliged to pursue, the riotous proceedings at
Birmingham, as well as the more recent insurrection at New-
port would not have taken place,—(cheers)—and the name of
chartist would have been as little known in the country as it
was in this loyal and patriotic borough.—(cheers.)—if we
looked to Canada, the councils of her Majesty's government
had not been made more auspicious or fortunate. By sending
commissioners to report but not to act, discontent soon ripen-
ed into rebellion. In Lower Canada, rebellion was repressed by
the military—assisted by British subjects. In Upper Canada,
the inhabitants, under Sir Francis Head, succeeded in putting
it down. The government not only omitted to thank the brave
men who had perilled their lives in behalf of their country, but
actually did not promote as they were requested two very brave
officers who had distinguished themselves in the cause.—
(Hear.)—ln sending Lord Durham to Canada, a man wholly
unfitted for the office, much mischief was done, and he feared
the recent appointment of Mr. Poulett Thomson, a man of
good abilities himself, but who had been always opposed to
Canadian commerce, would not give much confidence to the
British Canadians. Canada must be conciliated and treated
as a British colony should be treated, or it would not be worth
having. Unless the Conservatives of this country used their
energies in behalf of the Canadas, they will not long be an
appendage to the British crown.—(cheers.)—The colony of
Jamaica had also been unfairly treated.—(hear.)—The House
of Assembly in Jamaica at the mere suggestion of the House
of Commons had remitted one year of the apprenticeship of
the negroes, For the sacrifice which the planters had thus
made, it would have been thought that government would at
least have returned them their thanks. But on the contrary,
they passed a colonial bill which had been attended with great
expense to the colonists. He was not at all surprised that the
House of Assembly was dissatisfied with this bill, and hacl
passed some intemperate resolutions. The House of Com-
mons would have abolished the privileges of that assembly,
but Sir Robert Peel forced their bill down their throats.
(Cheers.) When he last had the honour of addressing them
from that place they had just finished a session of Parliament,
which had been nearly useless so far as good practical mea-
sures were concerned. Of the business of the present session
he had a worse report to make to them, for until the month
of June no bill was passed worth anything. (Cheers.) The
only two measures of importance which did pass were, the
Rural Police Bill, which might be called the offspring of Sir
Robert Peel, and, in times like the present, might be consi-
dered a useful and an efficient measure,—and the- Penny
Postage Bill, which, as a friend of his had lately said, he
considered would prove penny wise and pound foolish.
W hen Lord Monteagle introduced the Penny Postage Bill,
he knew that the odium of devising taxation to supply the
deficiency in the revenue would not rest with him or his col-
leagues. (Cheers.) Lord Monteagle had said that the ex-
penditure of the country would exceed the income by
£BOO,OOO, and yet, in the face of this, Lord Monteagle had
passed a bill which would have a still greater deficiency. The
measure may be of use to some, but he would ask whether
the present was the time to bring it forward? (Cheers.)
The labouring classes in two years would scarcely feel the
boon ; hut the great merchants and bankers, and the first
class of tradesmen, would receive great benefits, but he
thought they did not require such benefits unless the com-
munity at large received equal benefits. (Hear.) There was
only one subject more which required his attention—he
meant that un-English measure, the Ballot. (Applause.)
It was repudiated by the leaders of her Majesty's ministry
in as strong language as might have been used by Sir Robert
Peel, but, notwithstanding this, they consented to make it
an open question in the cabinet. The ballot had never as
yet answered anywhere. Even in republican America many
of the states had abandoned it, because it did not possess the
only principle for which it was so strongly recommended—
secrecy. (Cheers.) But even if it had succeeded in Ame-
rica, he should not have liked it better for coming from a
country whose executive did not possess the power ofpunish-
jng the robberies and rebellions of its own buccaneering sub-
jects—a land where slavery and Lynch law were still in
being. (Applause.) He should not trespass upon them
further than to thank them for the reception which they had
given to him that evening, and to drink all their good healths.
He trusted that as long as his opinions continued to be in
unison with their own, they would give him their support ;
but, be that as it might, he knew that the borough of War-
rington and Latchford would always return a conservative
representative. (Loud and long-continued cheering.)
The HONOURALE MEMBER afterwards proposed Suc-
cess to the Warrington Operative Conservative Association,"
which was drank with the most vehement applause.
Song—" John Bull," by Mr. Worrell.
Mr. WILSON, the late chairman of the Warrington
Operative Conservative Association, responded to the toast,
just given by Mr. Blackburne, in a neat speech, in the course
of which he alluded to the formation of the society, and the
more than anticipated success that had attended its effects.
He did hope that the members would continue, " a long
pull, a strong pull, and a pull altogether," and as they did
on the occasion of the day of their honourable members
election, turn out whenever their services required, a body
of men, full five hundred strong. In conclusion, he begged
permission of the chairman to propose a toast—it was the
health of John Ireland Blackburne, Jun., Esq. The toast
was most cordially received.
J. IRELAND BLACKBURNE, JUN., Esq., returned thanks.
He said it had never been his lot to address so large a com-
pany on any previous occasion in the course of his life. He
was fully aware that no one present knew him, and that it
was out of respect to his father that Mr. Wilson had pro-
posed, and the company so kindly had drank his health.
Nevertheless he begged to thank them most sincerely for the
honour conferred upon him. (Cheers.)
JOHN WILSON PATTEN, Esq., M.P. gave the health of
the chairman, prefacing the toast by observing, that lie was
a warm political partisan, and had thrown himself more in
the way of giving offence than most men, and yet there was
scarcely a soul in the town who did not respect him as a
friend.

The Worthy PRESIDENT'S health was drank with the most
rapturous applause, musical honours, and " one cheer more."
In returning thanks, he said, he felt as an honest Englishman
ought to feel—grateful for any favour conferred upon him.
His esteemed friend Mr. Patten had said more than he ought
to have said, and more than he (Mr. Clare) deserved. He
had always endeavoured to avoid doing harm, and if it was
at any time in his power to do good, he felt it his duty to do
so. He was highly honoured by the mark of respect shown
him. He was always ready to serve the Church and the
Protestant cause, and should always feel grateful for the
kindness shown to him on this and every other occasion.
The worthy President next gave a toast—" Lord Hill and
the British bayonets ;" which having been duly honoured,
J. IRELAND BLACKBURNE, JUN., Esq., who holds the
rank of Lieutenant in the Dragoon Guards, expressed his
regret that there was no officer senior to himself then present
to return thanks. In the name of Lord Hill, and the army
generally, he begged to do so.
The PRESIDENT said it was his intention, in giving the
next toast, to kill four birds with one stone. He was about
to propose the health of four of the best men in the county
of Lancaster. It was, " The Members for the County.'
(Cheers.) Not a single vote had they given but what would
be found, like Robin Hood and Little John, all on one side.
On all occasions they had done their duty, whether in support
of the constitution or the church. They were always to be
found at their post ; and, he was proud to say, there was no
county in England so well represented as Lancashire. He
would, therefore, give their healths, and thanks to them for
their past services. (Cheers.)
JOHN WILSON PATTEN, Esq. M. P. on rising to return
thanks was received with the most enthusiastic applause.
He thanked them very sincerely for the honour they had just
done his colleagues and himself. The reception they had
given to the toast must be as gratifying to his colleagues, as
it had been to himself; and more particularly would it have
been gratifying to the Members of the Southern Division to
have seen themselves received with such marks of affection
from those with whom they were more nearly connected than
either Lord Stanley of himself. For himself he begged to
assure them he had the greatest pleasure in accepting the in-
vitation, which they had done him the honour to send him
to attend the meeting. First, it afforded him peculiar
pleasure because he was always delighted to meet so nu-
merous a body of his friends and neighbours. Secondly, he
owned he did wish to ascertain whether, in the town of
Warrington, the same spirit, and the same increase of con-
servatism had taken place, which had so rapidly taken place
from one-end of the country to the other. Looking at the
spectacle now before him, and having witnessed the zeal with
which the proceedings of the meeting had been carried on and
moreover, having learnt from the address of Mr. Wilson that
it had been found necessary to enlarge the room in which
they were then assembled, there being no room in the town
large enough for the purposes of the Association, he thought
he was justified in making the assertion, that Warrington
was not behind the rest of the country in sound conservative
principle. He heartily congratulated them upon their im-

proved prospects, which were now spreading themselves in
every part of the country ; and, above all, he congratulated
them upon the increase of conservatism in Warrington being
so great, that they were not likely to have any attempt to
disturb the representation. Whether this opinion might be
true or not, he knew not ; but from what he had heard, he
believed there was some foundation for what he had said.
(Cheers.) He, [for one, had never despaired of sound con-
stitutional principles making their way in the country ; and
he was convinced that, if conservatives would persevere
steadily and patientlyu in the course they had hitherto pur-
sued,—if they would but carry out those principles, and that
course of policy, which was so ably expounded by Sir Robert
Peel in 1835,—neither was the day of victory far distant, nor,
when the day of victory (lid arrive, would the fruits of it be
transitory. (Cheers.) He knew there were some who
thought that the course of the conservatives at the present
moment was not quite so active as it might be, and that the
attacks made upon their opponents were not so frequent or
so efficient as they ought to be. (Hear, hear.) His own
opinion was of a different nature. He thought that when
we looked back a few years to the state of the conservative
interest, and compared it with the state of that interest at
the present time, it must be manifest to every one that a
course more sound, more gradual, and at the same time more
rapid, of the conservative cause could not have been adopted.
He ventured to say that, looking at that cause as it was five
years ago,—not to speak of this borough particularly, but of
the country generally,—if any person had then prognosti-
cated, on a comparison with the state of -the conservative
interest at that time with the conservative interest in 1839,
that it would almost equal the unholy combination against
it, that man would have been looked upon as fanatic in his
opinions. Such was the case ; and how had this state of
things been brought about ? It had arisen from the different
course adopted by the conservatives from that adopted by
ministers. At the time alluded to the conservative interests
were in very unpropitious circumstances. The conservative
body were assailed by every political body in the kingdom ;
they were assailed by all manner of abuse ; the strength of
the assertions of their opponents carried some credit in the
country, and for a time prevented the spread of conservative
opinions. But conservatives regarded not that abuse, nor
the attacks made upon them. They had answered that abuse
not by words but by acts. It was by the votes of the con-
servative party in parliament that the change had been ef-
fected. (Hear, hear.) It was true that the conservatives
had liked, they might have achieved a victory over the minis-
try at that time. If they had adopted the example of their
opponents—their opponents would not now have been in the
present position, but, it was neither in their nature, nor was
it the spirit of conservatism to adopt them. (Hear, hear.)
If the conservatives ought to gain the victory, let them gain
it by themselves, for so sure would they degrade themselves
if they attempted to gain the victory over their competitors
by a union with parties with whom they did not agree.
So sure they might gain the victory, but as surely—not
that it would be snatched from their hands, but they would
fall into that state ofreprobation in which the present ministry
now stood. What had been the arts of the Government at
the time to which he alluded ? Every thing they did seemed
to have been right. They carried everything before them,
and they made loud pretensions and hollow professions. They
styled themselves thethampions of liberality. They declared
that thenceforward the government of the country should be
carried on without patronage. (Hear, hear.) They stated
when Sir Robert Peel went out of office that the unpopularity
of the crown was owing to his administration. They stated
that the members of that administration could not show them-
selves in any part of the country they were so unpopular.
They talked, too, of their liberality, as if they were liberals.
At any rate we had seen that conservatives had saved two of
our best colonies from the destructive liberality of their li-
beral government. They talked of governing without patron-
age ? But we had never seen in any part of the history of
England at any period such an example of the patronage of
government, being used as it had been by the present go-
vernment. There was scarcely an appointment, from a Lord of
Treasury to a Tide Waiter, which they did not makeuse of, for
the purpose ofpatronage. And what had been the consequence?
Why that the country was disappointed, having heard their pro-
mises and professions to see how ill they had carried them
out. But, now the opportunity was come for the Con-
servatives to turn the tables upon the government. (Cheers.)
Since he had come into the roam, a morning paper had been
put into his hand, which contained a specimen of the popu-
larity of the present ministers. It was an account of the
way in which her Majesty's government was received only
last Saturday at the Lord Mayor's dinner in London. The
Lord Mayor rose to propose the health of her Majesty's
Ministers—they being present—and the report went on to
state, " The scene which now presented itself in the hall
was perfectly indescribable. One party attempting to drown
with their cheers the more vociferous sibilations of the
other. The members on rising were assailed by a complete
storm of hisses and groans, which lasted for several minutes,
all attempts to obtain a hearing were useless, in spite of the
cheers of their friends. The noble lords, especially Palmer-
ston and Normanby looked deadly pale, crest fallen and
woebegone, more like culprits in the pillory than ministers
of state. Lord Melbourne, with affected good humour,
smiled under the infliction ; but his efforts to procure an
audience were ineffectual. The Lord Mayor was compelled
to interfere, and the report added, " The noise and tu-
mult which prevailed from the first announcement of the
toast became now more uproarious still, ` confusion worse
confounded,' and the noble viscount found it impossible to
proceed."• (Loud cheers.) Now, he (the hon. member)
would say nothing as to whether this was a proper proceed-
ing or not : that was not the question. It was sufficient for
him to say, that such an occurrence as that just described
had never taken place when the Duke of Wellington and Sir
Robert Peel were in the ministry and partook of the hospi-
talities of the City of London. He meant to say, that the
change in the feelings of the country had been brought about
by following out steadily the conservative policy recom-
mended by Sir Robert Peel. It was that, and Sir Robert
Peel's conduct, which had given conservatives that increased
confidence which we now saw manifested throughout the
country. (Cheers.) For the members of this county, he
would venture to say, that, as they hitherto had, so they
would support that line of conduct. (Cheers.) He believed
he might say, for all of them, that they had no other object
in view but-to promote the'welfare of the country ; and that
as the conservative part) bad shown such disinterested con-
duct in parliament, so they would never consent to obtain
honour unless they, could do so, not only by their own force,
but also in a manner which could not be charged either with
dishonour or discredit. He thanked them for the honour
they had done himself and his colleagues, and begged to sit
down by drinking their good healths. The hon. member
resumed his seat amidst loud cheers.
The PRESIDENT said he had now the pleasure and the sa-
tisfaction of proposing a toast, which he knew would be in
accordance with the views of every one in the meeting.
(Hear.) It was the health of the Hon. and Rev. Horace
Powys, rector of the parish of Warrington. (Great cheer-
ing.) He had no hesitation in saying that the hon. and rev.
gentleman worked harder than any farmer's labourer (hear,
hear) : he made twelve hours yesterday, and long ones too.
Since Mr. Powys came into the parish, he had never ceased
to labour for its welfare. He had enlarged the church ; he
had built a national school : and he had erected .an infants'
school ; and.for what? Why, in order to fill them ! (Hear,
hear.) Mr. Powys spent all the income he derived from the
parish upon promoting the good of this community. So libe-
ral, indeed, was he, that if he were a tradesman, he would
be in danger of entering the Gazette. (Hear, hear. He
hoped, therefore, the meeting would join him in drinking the
health of as good a man as breathed under the canopy of
heaven. He begged to give the health of the Rector. (Im-
mense cheering.)
Mr. POWYS returned thanks evidently much affected at
the manner in which he had been received. He said, that
on rising upon this second occasion, the only feeling that
came across his mind was one of humility. He rentecnhered
what he ought to remember,—that when he had doue.all he
was still anunprofitable servant ; and when he saw how little
he had done compared with what might he done, were he
more active or more fit for his post, there was everything:in
this parish to humble, rather than exalt him. One thing he
could conscientiously say, that according to his judgment—
not trusting in his own strength, but in the strength of Him
who had commissioned him—lie had done his best. (Hear,
hear, bear.) Whether he had acted injudiciously, it
had not been from intention or from malice prepense ;
and when he had wounded an opponent, it was because
he felt himself called upon to speak out boldly his own
sentiments. From that ground he should never flinch.
It was not here that he must answer for his own reckon-
ing • but when the time for that should come he hoped
to be able to give an answer which should save his soul. In
the meantime let him take this opportunity of alluding to a
remark of the worthy president, not in the spirit of boasting
or self-praise, relative to his expenditure in the parish. He
had always held that the income he received professionally
ought to .be spent professionally, and upon this ground he
had always spent the income which he derived professionally
for the benefit of his parishioners. (Cheers.) He t onjured
the meeting, if they considered the future welfare of the
community, to see their children brought up with a due re-
gard to a religious education—he might say a conservative
Christian education ; and when he used the word conserva-
tive, he did so religiously, and not politically ; but he hoped
they would support their Protestant schools, as well as the
established church, in their political and spiritual bearing.
The rev. gentleman concluded by thanking them, in his own
name and in the names of the clergy of the parish, for the
honour conferred.
The PRESIDENT next gave the health of Mr. Geo. Corn-
well Leigh. (Cheers.) That gentleman intended to contest
the northern division of Cheshire at the next election, and
he had no donbt four conservative members would be
returned ; and that Mr. E. J. Stanley, who had managed to
get his uncle made a bishop, and his father pitchforked into
the House of Peers, would be sent to the right-about. He
was glad to hear that Mr. Tollemache also had expressed his
intention to come forward as a candidate for the southern
division, on the conservative interest.—The toast was drank
amid loud cheers

Mr. G. C. LEIGH then rose and said that greatly as he ap-
preciated the compliment paid him he could not disguise
from himself that it was not private or personal claims which
had iridnced them to honour him with an invitation to dine
on the.present occasion ; he was aware that a stronger tie ex-
isted between them—a tie which not only invited them, but
bound together the energies and the interests of• thousands
of their fellow countrymen, and that was a unison of deter-
mination to support the institutions of the country, and a
firm and determined attachment to the Protestant church.
They were all unvited in the upholding one great principle,
which was the basis of their political sentiments; they did not
look to. the shadow but to the substance, it• was the main-
tenance inviolate of tbose sound Protestant principles which
placed her Majesty on the throne of England. (Hear.)
He for one (and he was sure all Conservatives were the
same) are firmly attached to our Protestant Church, and he
and .they would resist by every means in their power any
alteration in the laws, which, tending to injure those insti-
tutions, are calculated to sever the church from the state.
He wished it to be understood, that, although he was anxious
to support our venerated institutions, he was ready to remove
any abuses where they were found to exist, but he would not
lend himself to those improvements that meant nothing less
than a reckless innovation, instead of remedying abuses. He
could never be brought to give the present ministry the
slightest support, as it was shown they had not the confidence
of the country, being in fact unable to carry any measure
they brought forward. He considered that the spirit of the
established church and the education of the country bad
been tampered with. The ministers did not think it neces-
sary to inculcate the protestant faith into the rising genera-
tion—they had been the means of unsettling the minds of the
people by lending themselves to the agitation which had re-
cently disturbed the country, they had no fixed principle,
but truckled to faction for support. Mr. Leigh concluded
by saying that he should never shrink from contesting his
native county at the next election.
The PRESIDENT •then gave the health of the late High
Sheriff of the county of Lancaster, J.B. Crosse, Esq., on
whose character he passed a high eulogium.

T. B. CaossE, Esq., after a few appropriate and introductory
remarks said, it had fallen to his lot to attend a great many meet-
ings of this nature, and he had the pleasure to say, that he had
witnessed upon all those occasions a spirit that he considered indi-
cative of a large portion of the people entertaining the opinion that
the principles of conservatism were the only safe and secure prin-
ciples. He had indeed, upon no occasion, seen a more intense
feeling exhibited in favour of those principles than upon► the present.
He begged to congratulate them upon the great improvement that
had taken place in their political position ; upon the great improve-
ment in the public mind, with regard to most of those great ques-
tions which had lately divided public opinion, and upon the great
increase of conservative feeling that was taking place in every part
of the country. (Hear, hear.) The late registrations, he believed,
had placed the conservative party in such a state as to leave no
doubt upon the mind of any one, what the result of a general elec-
tion would be. (Cheers.) This returning good feeling upon the
part of the people had also been exhibited strongly in the late
struggles that had taken place in various boroughs. Id most of
the towns in Lancashire, he believed a large accession to conser-
vative strength had been received. (Hear, hear.) He was reminded
of what had taken place in the borough of Wigan. There, there
were ten elections, and, in every instance, a conservative was put
