3

her sin. The rev. gentleman sat down under considerable apt
plause.
The CHAIRMAN then put the resolution to the meetings audit-
was unanimously adopted.
Wes. BRA MONT, Esq., shortly moved the following resolu-
tion :—" Teat, adiniiing the sound Scriptural tenets, and tole-
rant spirit of the rhurch of England, we.are determined, under
the divine blessing, to uphold her as the palladium of protestant
freedom, and the great national bulwark against the encroach-
ments of popery, and the prevailing spirit of infidelity."
The Rev. JAMES WRIGHT said it was his 'iiiteution to have
addressed a few obeereations to the meeting on the subject mat-
ter of the resolution, but at that advanced time of the meeting,
and as others had to address them, he should think it very un-
fair to trespass upon their time. He should, therefore, merely
second the xesolution.
The CHAIRMAN put the resolution to the meeting, and it was
carried unknimously.
GILBERT GREENHALL, Esq., rose in obedience to the call of
the chairman to propose the third resolution. He• did not he-
sitate to come forwards to propose the resolution, because he
thought it the bounden duty of every man, be ..his station what
it might, high or low, to come forward • openly,. fearlessly, and
boldly on such occasions as that to declare unpremeditatedly his
opinions, and to state to them, as he now did, his firm, his de-
cided, and his unflinching opinions and convietionss He did
not hesitate, though he did it with -all humility,end with all
trembling, though he did it with much fear, to declare his opi-
nions, his firm, his decided, his unflinching consonance and
agreement with the opinions he had heard propounded, and
with the principles on which that society was based. • (Cheers.)
He should think it wrong and presumptuous were he to enter
into a lengthened disquisition of his opinions before gentlemen
so much better qualified to do so. He would, therefore, simply
move the next resolution :—" That we view with feelings of
sorrow and surprise the united efforts now making to sever the
existing connexion between the church and the state; and we
feel ourselves bound by our obligations to Almighty God, our
attachment to our constitution, and the duty which we owe to
our posterity, to counteract such dangerous projects." •
The Rev. HUGH M'NEILE, of Liverpool. rose to second the
resolution. lie said, before I say or attempt tosa:y anything on
behalf of this resolution, I wish to offer a• few words on a sub-
ject I may otherwise forget; and it was suggested to me by-my'
Reverend and esteemed brother, Mr. Barker :• It regards Ire-
land. 1 sin not surprised. that Englishmen stniald speak, or
that Englishmen should hear of' Ireland as if the whole of Ire=
land could be spoken of in the same terms, but I wish to assure
you that such is not the case; and that though such language
is most justly and truly applicable to the greater .part of three
provinces of Ireland, it is by no means truly or justly applica-
ble to the greatest part -of the fourth province. (Hear.)
wish to enter this protest against the notion, that where pro-
testants are in such numbers as they are in the province of
Ulster, such a state of things can by possibility exist, as does,
avowedly exist in the other three provinces of Ireland. • •A mi-
nister of the Church of Scotlaud, which has a vast number of
members in the north of Ireland, was iu conversation with the
Lord Lieutenant, who spoke of the Scotch presbytery of Ulster,
and it struck the Lord Lieutenant as accounting for the better,
older of that province. He said, "we have got a cheap police'
in Ulster, and you will be ready to estimate the cheapness of
the police, when in the three other. provinces. of Ireland where
Romanisui prevails, Great Britain is obliged to keep twenty re-
giments; and in the provinCe of Ulster, the most populous pro=
vtnce, she is not obliged to keep morethan two;" (Dear, hear.)
There are above six- regiments in each of the other, .provingess
and but a few detachments more than two regiments in the ".
most populous province of the kingdom. The matter is simply
explained : there is a large body of protsetants. there, large
enough to neutralize the Romish system. For excuse ins, you'
don't know in this country what popery is. What you hear is
hearsay, and vou are told not to believe it; and much pains is, -
taken to make you believe that what is said is unfounded
calumny. Who are not to believe us ? I would say that far
more than are in this room will be constrained to believe us.
When I speak to you these words, as well as all words, they
will probably be reported elsewhere, and they will not meet
with the same reception as in this room. There are many
in this country who set it down as all foul calumny when
we state facts concerning the Romish system, and who
manifest a high degree of credulity to every tale that
is. told in favour of the Romish system. Wonderfully
great advantages has popery gained in these liberal times I"
Wonderfully has its tone altered ; and the men who would en-
deavour to oppose its progress are now called in your parlia-
ment, "Protestant Agitators," "Orthodox Agitators !" This
is what they call us; this is what we were called last Thursday'
evening, in the House of Commons; " Orthodox Protestant
Agitators!" An honourable member said, or rather the words
he is reported to have said, (I will not positively allege
that the honourable member spoke* them, because, with
the best intentions, the newspaper reporters are Sometimes mis-
taken), are, "It was the Protestant Orthodox Agitators, and
not the Roman Catholics, that were both the enemies of the
crown, and the people." Su we have the satisfaction of hear-
ing ourselves called " enemies of the crown," and your "ene-
mies"; and that in a house where we have nut the privilege of an-
swering for ourselves. I don't wish to boast, but I do say that
the honourable member for Liverpool who used these words
(hear) would not dare to use such words in a house where the
Rev. Robert Mc.Ghec, or the Rev. Mr. O'Sullivan, or, I will
add, your Rev. humble servant, had the opportunity of answer-
leg. (Loud applause.) But this is a specimen of, what I may
call, radical liberality. They can talk of the excellence of li-
beral opinions, and liberal principles, and denounce bigotry,-
but it is when they get our backs turned. (Laughter.) When
they have a majority hat are going with them, they can turn
upon the true friends of the constitution, the King, and the
Church—and we are friends of all these, because we are friends ,
of everlasting truth—they can turn upon us and endeavour to
hold us up to public odium, by endeavouring to stigmatize us "Or-
thodox Agitators." I will not call in account the orthodoxy of
that honourable gentleman : it is too well known and appreci-
ated to need my doing so. I will not call in account his talents,
therie also are public property : neither will I call in account
his erudition; though, in charity, I ought to deem him ignor-
ant. (Great cheering.) For, if he be acquainted with the fact
that the Roman Catholics hold a divided allegiance-1 shall
show you that it is true—if he know that Roman Catholics hold
a divided allegiance to the crown, and that we, "Protestant •
Orthodox Agitators" hold an undivided allegiance, then what
can I say? but in charity,to deem him ignorant when he makes
such a speech as this, "Aliat not the Roman Catholics, but the
Protestant Orthodox Agitators, are the enemies of the crown.",
(Cheers.) If he can show that the priests of Maypooth teach •
morality and we teach imMorality,"terhim do so; ban If he ten
not, then what can I understand by the speech about the pro-
testant
orthodox agitators being "the enemies of-the people."
I will give the honourablemerabete,his choice of a dilemma..
Either the teachers of popish immorality area.he friends of the,
people, or the teachers of protestant-morality ate- the enemies
of the people,—for we are your enemies—or eke, Ai ith all the' •
commanding talents, and all the liberal feelings; and all the-
orthodoxy possessed by the honourable gentleman, I repeat,' •
I must, in charity, have recourse to the other horn of my di-
le:nine, and vote him ignorant.. (Loud cheering.) I see a,
gentleman of the press here, and I beg that he will take care "1
to let the honourable member have this much of an attempt at'
an answer-from one of the " Protestant Orthodox Agitators,"
who has no opiaortunity of answering him (loud cheering).
But now why stoanld we agitate? I will tell you in the lan-
guage of a b:ook that is dear to us all, "The strong man armed
keeps his goods ii 'peace ;" and lie makes his people say peaces-
speace, when there •is no peace. There must be agitation -in a
world like this or there will soon be no truth in it. The ten-,
dency of human nature is to error; stagnatiop produces core
ruption. (Cheers.) We have far more to fear from stagnetiow-i.
than front storms. Now this is true, religiunsly speaking; but
it is not true, politically speaking; fur- the tendency
the former is to improve, of the latter to upset and destroy._
And, therefore, political agitators ought to be condemned, but ..
religious agitation, as it in:proves, ought to be allowed,-
(Cheers.) We agitate on this account then. that men may not:
,s
be led away because of the false doctrines which the Church of. .
Rome-teaches on some of those awfully important paiticulars,
and others might be added, which you have already heard men-.
tioned this evening. We oppose those doctrines; we wish to
have our opposition distinctly understood; and- where or hove
are we to make it? We orthodox agitators are in a painful .
predicament. If we make our protests known on the Lord's-,
day from our pulpits, our religious people come to us and 'say. .
" Oh, we would rather hear the gospel, preached;-. we don't .
want controversy on the Sunday, we want religioti* instruction ,"
and if we endeavour to promote Christian holiness amongst our
there becnm
are
people, and give ourselves to the Lord's-day,
iaerl'st-hdaatwhite
y„rhat
of our protest? Most extraordinary
a vast multitude of men preaching the gospel in the Church of
England at this time, (and may the Lord grant their increase
room.n
ten thousand fold while this is theecase!) the protest against. .
popery is scarcely ever heard It a oughtm now to
did ringthrough
tug:
Eg
eard
land at this moment as my voice
se.
(Cheers.) How shall it be beard? I know no opportunity of .
making it known. I have no acrimony towards any human
being; I won't except the pope. (Laughter,) I know of no, ~
opportunity of better making it known than at such meetings.
as these. And 1 assure you, Mr. Chairman, and this crowded.
assembly, that unless this is urged, unless the plain. doctrines
of truth are put in contrast with the falsehoods of the Romig's, s's
system, the encroachments of the Romish system on the human,
d will spread even in 'liberal Englaud, even amongst the ,
nhonourable members of England's liberal -legislators • tie t
there is nothing in human nature itselfe-theresis nothing in s;
Civilization itself—there is nothing in science itself to repel the,
mind
encroachments of the Romish system., Nothing naturaLcan
01 it. poison, and the reason is this :—.tuan.,educatellim as yea
will, has still a conscience; a real ipadel is not to be found. A
wan has es conscience: he must have some rest in hiabours -of
anxiety, and infidelity is too thin ; it presents no reposeto his.
troubled conscience. And here comes in popery.' He has a
conscience awakened, and his conscience is troubled; -but he,:. -
by-and-bye, recovers his ,:equanimity.. The popish systetu
made to meet this. The consciences of men act, as some fellow
will understand, like the rheumatism—(:odd laughter) --,qt
quiet for a time, and suddenly it seizes,himeeit grasps. During
the grasp a man is fain to.have recourse to something-sepopery
is ready. (Laughter and cheers.) She is -ready with her.
penance. He must confess while the spoon is on bim (laugh- •
ter); he performs the penance while it is dying away; and by,
the time be has recovered himself, and lent is over, and . the -
carnival begins, popery is ready egaiu. (Great cheering.) It '
is this mingled constitution of the .huniau Leap?, alternately:•
contriving, balf wishing a return of sin,. and, yet wishing to- .
leave sin, desiring a repetition of the sin which fervently he
repented of yesterday—it is this constitution of man which is in
every one of you—it is this that popery. pleases, and it
this-that popery with consummate skill is adapted to meet.,
( Hear.) And; therefore, civilization is not to be depended ort,
for keeping back popery; liberal views and liberal feelings ara
not to be depended on for this purpose. And what is the proof
before our eyes? A most remarkable proof, when civilization,
is making such progress, and when science is making suchprtta;
press—at the time when railroads are cans ink.' us from northia
in
south, like the flight of a bird—at the time when Esse'. d
astonishment at herself, shops are opened for the .6 Fr! 11111.:i.f
nroni
citixes. beads, seapularies, charms. The,, is_
.I:nnueel4l et, goring.)
opened—(cheers)—in Basnett-street (Cseiou
pie of t_heet:itythat,
1 here, in the face of day, in the far.
returns an enlightened representaii
e of t(11;:trd sheers) -is a shop
i golden saviours on
full of these charms and little cruci
at.
black crosses, to be boneht—
nenzesortheanttt:',lBl.hti-itivsiFisliliititlhlhiisli
jegUiss.aUmliiifidgotta,--y4
middle sees of dark.-
varying in price from sixpence
ate springiue up in
laughter, and cheers.)
. slavery, both of mind.. bode,
and mint • t''
ness and
of civilization those sad
country, coust S )'"". (Hear,)
this enlightened
heart of protestant Scottsitin„ie the „me
nAlonoonetui:s ()fti
Nay, even in verythe
Scotland. that not orris; scouted
tropolis of Presbyterian none
forefathers, but raised her• W
'in the days of our clay, more againit
tstand forward as an •
it. Scotland-must eaaniple of its pr •
ogress,
in the Tentre of - sturdy . preshy terisnisin,
for, - •there was a nun-
• in Edinburgh last year! b., do
nery built . 1 say this? I say
it to show that there is nothing in the progress of science or of
art to the utmost limits, nothing, that can conspire to elevate
Men, can stop the popish,
system., What can stop it thent
Scriptural truth, and 'scriptural truth elone. (Hear, hear.)
Oh, spy friends, see whet Liaber brought forward, Let -the
tone he taken by the church of Rug' d
tau which was taken her
Luther. Let them in answer bring forward the whole and glo-
rious,gespel ; let them not mince their statements for fear of
offending man. (Loud cheers.) I testify against multitudes
of the church of England ; I wish to have an honest. a fair,.
and no expedient protest. I testifyagainst them that their sys-
tem of doctrine would not be injured if it were dove-tailed into.
the council of Trent. So long as this goes on, though you hive
