WARRINGTON.

ANNUAL BALL.—The annual ball, for the benefit of the
Warrington Dispensary, took place on Tuesday evening
last, at the Lion Hotel. The preparations made by the
worthy host were on the most splendid scale. Horabin's ex-
cellent band played in their best style during the evening.
Upwards of three hundred individuals, embracing all the
rank, beauty, and fashion of the neighbourhood, were pre-
sent. Among the number were—Thomas Lyon, Esq., J. I.
Blackburne, Esq., M.P., and Mrs. Blackburn and daughters,
Sir William and Lady Gossett, Lady Amelia Kave. Misses
Kaye, Lady Grey Egerton, Miss Egerton, Rev. H. C. Legh,
G. C. Legh, Esq., Peter Legh, Esq., Sir R. Brooke and
daughters, Wm. Hutton, Esq., Hon. R. B. -Wilbraham,
Captain and Mrs. Wortley, Mr. and Mrs. Townley Parker,
Mr. Hopwood, Dr. Kendrick and daughters, Captain Ro-
berts, Dr. James Kendrick and lady, Mr. Clare, Miss Clare,
Mr. John and Mr. Thomas Clare, Mr. and Mrs. Ridgway,
Miss Burdett, Mrs. Nicholson, Miss Nicholson, Mr. Wm.
Nicholson, Mr. James Nicholson, Mr. Richard Allen, Mrs.
and Miss Allen, Mr. John Litton, Mr. William Litton, and
Miss Littons, Mr. and Mrs. Pilley, Mr. Moon, Miss Shear-
son, Wm. Stubs, Esq., Mrs. and Miss Stubs, Captain War-
dell, Mr. John Haddock, Miss Hopley from Demerara, and
Mr. Cooper, Mr. James Haddock, St. Helen's, Mr. Joseph
and Mrs. Stubs, Bodmer, Miss Parr, Mr. Thomas and Mrs.
Robinson and daughter, Mr. E. Browne, Miss Browne, Mrs.
John Browne, Mr. John Geddes, from Liverpool, Egerton
Leigh, Esq. and party, Captain Edwards, Mr. Jeffrey, Mr.
N. C. Scarlett, Mr. Johnson, St. Helen's, T. Braaburn,
Esq., Northwich, John Wilson Patten, Esq., M.P. and
party, Mr. Ireland Blackburn and party, Miss Townsbend,
Swettenham, Esq., J. Tollemache, Esq., Colonel Gooch,
Captain and -Mrs. Jacsoh. Misses Gleave, Mr. J. Churton,
Mr. E Gaskell and Mrs. -Gaskell, Blundell, Esq., R. E.
F. Warburton, Esq., Arley, Mrs. Legh and party, of Lyme
Hall, Sir J. and Lady Gerard, Miss Jones, Mr. and Mrs,
Sharp, Miss Naegeli, Mr. T. Gerard, Mr. Townley, Mr. Mrs.
and Misses Glegg, Mr. and Mrs. Walinsley, Peter Greenall,
Esq., Daiutry, Esq., J. and Mrs. Greenall, Esq. and
party. Woodcock, Esq., Sir Charles and Lady Shaker-
ley, 'Mrs. Whitley, Miss Tarleton, Mr. W. Caston, Mr.
Egerton, Mr. Hibbert, Mr. Fitt, J. S. Brooke, Esq., T.
Parr, Esq., J. H. Leigh, Esq. and Mrs. Leigh, Major Cor-
bett and party, Broughton, Esq., Mr. and Misses Lloyd,
Mr. Nash, M. Fielden, Rev. and Miss Eaton, Captain Os-
borne, Banks, Esq., Mr. and Mrs. Gerard, Mr. C. Ge-
rard, Misses Walmsley, Mrs. Plowden, Mr. and Mrs.
Hughes, Mr. and Mrs. Shakerley, Barry, Esq., Mr. Den-
man' Mr. F. and Mrs. Gerard, Miss C. Gerard, Mrs. Nelson,
Mr. Rigby, &c.
SUDDEN DEATH.-011 Monday, as Mr. Green, draper, was
returning from St. Helen's on foot, he was seized, when near
Burton Wood Chapel, with a fit of coughing, and became so
unwell that he had great difficulty in reaching the door of a
farm-house in the neighbourhood. When be arrived be had
only time to take out his pocket-book, containing his name
and address, when he fell down and expired. It is supposed
his death was occasioned by the rupture of a blood vessel.
SUNDAY TRADING.—The Warrington police committee
have intimated their intention to prosecute all persons keep-
ing open their shops, for the sale of provisions, later than
twelve o'clock on Saturday night.
THE CHESHIRE. EIOUNDS.—The gentlemen of this hunt, to
the number of fifty and upwards., met on Tuesday, at Norton
Priory, the seat of Sit R. Brook, Bart. A fox was found in
one of the covers, and the finest run with these bounds, during
the present season, ensued. The fox, on breaking cover,
made for Moore Gorse. Here he crossed the Grand Junction-
Railway, and swam over the Duke of Bridgewater's canal,
and the hounds came to a check, which afforded reynard an
opportunity of making good his retreat. After a short pause
the hounds again hit off the scent, and went away at a beau-
tiful hunting pace towards the celebrated Fox Cover, Hill
Cliff, but being hard pressed, the fox made the best of his way
through Appleton Park. He then led them away at a rat-
thng pace, leaving Stretton Church to the right, and- directed
his course for Birchall's 'Gorse; he there quickly turned
about, and pursued his way to Whitley Reed, here he broke
to the left, over a fine country, to the village of Mere, at
which place he succeeding in escaping from his pursuers, in
the plantation of P. L. Brooke, Esq., after a run of upwards
of three hours, and thus ended one of the finest runs ever
witnessed.

POST-OFFICE MONEY ORDERS.--It may not be unimportant
to state, that a regulation has been made by the General
Post-office, which commenced its operations on Thursday
last, whereby an entire change has been made in the money
order office .department, ana that the insurances, in future,
to be charged on remittances sent per post, by orders, is upon
a scale greatly reduced below the one that has been acted
upon for a long series of years. Those persons who have
been in the habit of sending remittances in the shape of
Post-office money orders will be aware, that they were charged
for the insurance of such remittances, eightpence in the
pound; and that, in cases where the sum to be sent exceeded
£2, a shilling bill stamp was also required to be paid for,
independent of the poundage. The alteration now made,
then, is to the following effect:—For any sum not exceeding
£2, the insurance, on granting the order, is to be sixpence;
and for any amount above £2 and not exceeding £5, the
insurance will be eighteenpence. Persons wishing to make
remittances must apply at the Post-office for the sheet of paper
to write their letter in, and on such sheets of paper is the
prescribed form of order for payment of the sum remitted.
The advantages which this regulation will give to the public,
but more particularly to the lower classes, who are in the
frequent habit of making remittances to their distant relatives
by Post-office money orders, will be far from inconsiderable,
as the the only additional charge to the postage of the letter
will be the very moderate one for the insurance. In fact, if
the sum to be remitted should not exceed £l, where the single
postage is above above sixpence, it will be at once seen, that
the cost for an order and the single postage will not be so
much as the double postage would amount to : besides which
advantage, the security of the remittance is placed beyond a
doubt. But the saving will be still much greater when £2
should be required to be sent; for as we have no £2 notes,
there would be no alternative but to enclose two sovereigns,

the consequence of which would be to. make the letter con-
taining them liable to treble postage. The new regulation, 1
then, is one that offers great advantages to the classes to
t,,
whom we have snore particularly alluded, and, we trust, they .
will avail themselves of it. But it will also, in the absence ;,
of a small note circulation, be found to, offer very convenient ,e
facilities to other portions of the community that are desirous
of sending the payment of small sums through the postoffice.
LWe do nut know that we can offer any remark more apropos -
to the above matter than the one contained in the Albion of

yesterday. Our contemporary remarks, "As Christmas is
approaching, when we shall have the pleasure of transmitting
our annual bills to our subscribers, they will, we trust, oblige
us by sending a post-office money order for the amount. We
shall, in all cases, gladly pay the postage of the letter con-
taining the order."]

RULE RESPECTING TRANSPORTED ATTORNEYS.—Many of
our readers will recollect that, a few years since, John Wil-
liams, an attorney, of this town, was convicted of forgery,
and sentenced to transportation. It may also have come
to the knowledge of several, that he has since been prac-

Using as an attorney in Sydney. It appears that he arrived
at the colony in 1829, and that he was soon engaged as clerk
by a Mr. Allan, an attorney. To this gentleman his legal
attainments recommended him so much that he became vir-
tually the principal practitioner. On the death of Mr. Allan,
which happened at the latter end of 1837, several attorneys
became anxious to secure the services of Mr. Williams. He
accepted the offer of a Mr. Roberts, who agreed to give him
DOU per annum, and other advantages for the good-will of
the business which was sure to follow him. This came to the
knowledge of the judges, and, as it is decidedly illegal for
any one who has committed felony to practise as an attorney,
they determined to put a stop to it. The Sydney Herald, of
July 16, gives a long account of the proceedings. Mr. Ro-
berts and Mr. Williams were summoned before the Supreme
Court. They made a voluntary- confession of all the circum-
stances of the case. The judges remarked, that if it had
not been for the mode in which the proof was furnished, the
attorney would have been struck off the rolls, and Williams
would have been transported for seven years. They did not,
however, wish to act astringently with the parties, but, as
the time had arrived when the services of such men as Wil-
liams could be dispensed with, a reprimand and an order for
puttine a stop to the practice was forthwith issued. The order
is couched in the following terms, and is signed by Judges
Dowling, Burton, and Willis :—lt is ordered, that, from and
after the first day of January, one thousand eight hundred
and thirty-nine, no attorney, solicitor, or proctor of the Su-
preme Court of New South Wales shall employ, as an as-
sistant, clerk, or writer, in or about his business as an at-
torney, solicitor, or proctor, any person who bath been or
shallibe transported to this colony, or convicted of forgery,
or any other felony, or wilful and corrupt perjury, or common
barratry."

BITTERN.—A very fine specimen of this rare bird was
shot this week on Newton Moss, near Penrith, by Mr. Sow-
erby, and is now in the possession of Mr. Philip Turner, of
Penrith.

HONESTY IN HAGS.—A beggar asking Dr. Smollett for
alms, he gave him, through, mistake, a guinea. The poor
fellow, on perceiving it, hobbled after him to return it ; on
which Smollett returned it to him, with another guinea, as a
reward for his honesty, exclaiming, at the same time, " What
a lodging honesty has taken up with !"
NEW MOTIVE Powaii.—The Worcestershire Chronicle says
—" We have been favoured by a correspondent with-the fol-
lowing account of an invention which, if what is said of itbe
correct, promises to make some stir in the world:--4 Her
Majesty's letters patent have been granted to Mr. Bryan
l'A nson Bromwich, of Clifton-on-Terre, in this county,,for
an improved method of propelling all kinds of machinery,
both stationary and locomotive. The power is of equal mag-
nitude to that of steam; it can be obtained at one-sixteenth
part of the cost of that power, without the incumbrance of a
boiler, and its ponderous and objectionable appendages;
consequently, carriages constructed almost as light and ele-
gant as those now drawn by horses can be propelled by this
power along the common loads or railways, at any speed
consistent with safety. As a motive power applied to ships
and boats, it will be invaluable, there being no danger from
explosion n, or any annoyance from smoke, steam, or noise;
and the space now devoted to the boiler, fuel, &c., will be at
liberty to be more profitably employed. The invention will
be submitted to the ordeal of public opinion as soon as the
patent rights for France, Belgium, and Holland have been
disposed of.' "
EXTRAORDINARY LINCOLNSHIRE HEIFER.—A heifer of
remarkable size and breed was shipped on board the Wilber-
force steamer, on Tuesday last, for the London Smithfield
Christmas show. This beast was calved on the 26th of June,
1834, and is consequently four years and five months old. It
was bred and reared on the farm of John Richardson, Esq.,
of Horkstow, near Barton-upon-Humber, and has been fed
upon oil-cake, hay, beans, meal, white peas, and steamed po-
tatoes. It was brought Caravan from Horkstow to Bar-
ton, and thence conveyed by steam to Hull. She has never
produced a calf, and had never tasted artificial food previous
to the Ist of November, 1837, having been kept on very in-
ferior food up to that period, Mr. Richardson being anxious
that if possible she should produce a calf. Tho heifer has
been indisputably in Mr. Richardsen's possession since the
Ist of June, 1838.—Hull Times.
MoRAIONITES —Philadelphia, Nov. 14.—Every hour in these
stirring times produces something new, and I mourn to add
also—something dreadful! In the state of Missouri, those
miserable fanatics, the Mormons, mustered a band of 400
strong on the 25th ultimo, and in consequence of late differ-
ences with the citizens, who did not like their vicinity, they
plundered and burned every house in the town of Gallatin,
together with the court-house and post-office, driving the
helpless women and children out into the wilderness. This
is not all : the worst remains to be told. Capt. Bogard was
dispatched with a company of 50 militiamen. to guard the
frontiers of Ray county from their spoliation. These were
attacked and all-slaughtered, except three or four, who made
their escape with great difficulty. Possessed of the small
arms and cannon of their victims, the Mormons were gone to
attack the town of Richmond, Missouri, when the account
came away. All Missouri is in a dreadful state of excite-
ment, the more especially as the conduct of the Mormons is
said to be quite unprovoked.
EXTRAORDINARY DRAINAGE OF THE NITH.—A corres-
pondent informs us, that on Tuesday last, whether by means
of the flood being swallowed up by some subterraneous cave
or crevice, or otherwise, the channel of the Nith at Enter-
kinefoot or Slunkford was left so dry that a person could
have walked through it without wetting his stockings. This
is certainly an extraordinary circumstance; and we commu-
nicate it to the public just as we have got it, not by any
means vouching for the particulars, which have not yet
reached us.—Dumfries Times.—[The same extraordinary cir-
cutnstance occurred on Tuesday last with regard to the Clyde.
About twenty miles up from Glasgow, numbers of people
crossed the bed of the river without wetting even the soles of
their shoes, and the fish were easily caught by the hand in
shallow pools, So great was the depression of the water,
that the machinery of New Lanark Mills could not be driven.
It will bo recallected, that the last week the barometer stood
lower than it was known to have dquei4 the memory or ntnl
—Soot* Guardian,

I)ortrp.

YOUTH.

Youth is the happiest time of life—
'Tis the season of harmony, excluded from strife;
'Tis the period we enjoy ourselves, free from the cares
ha Of a world of trouble, known by our tears.
ces4
that ► Youth comes but once on this fleeting earth,

THE BUTTERFLY AND THE BABY'S TOMB.

Beautiful flutterer! sportive and gay,
Wide o'er the flovery mead, winging thy way,
Rest thee thou flitting one—where would'st thou be?
The red rose and lily are pining for thee.

Turn thee again to yon garden so gay,
When sun-dancing beams with the flow'rets play :
Each bud, and each blossom, are beckoning to thee,
Hie thou sweet butterfly—where would'st thou be ?
Away—away—the light rover flew,
G'er the glowing heath, and the haubell blue;
With Nature's fair wildings the butterfly play'd,
How light were his gambols ! as onwards he stray'd.

Two little mounds in fresh grassy green.
A willow droops there, and wild violets gleam,
The wanderer rests his velvet wings,
And the waving willow its death shades flings.
A white stone stands on that lonely spot—
Around it blows the forget me not—
It mournfully tells of the age and birth,
Of two fair babes, that lie cradled in earth.
Between the two groves a fair tree grows,
its:fight stems bend with the white moss rove,
'Tie the fostering care of a young mother's haucls—
Emblem of innocence! smiling it stands.
Butterfly tell me, what fairy flower
Invites thy stay in death's cold bower:
Slowly thou'rt hovering with milk white wings,—
The speaking scene to my fancy brings
Two little cherubs in robes of white,
In the baby land of the regions bright.
Young mother rejoice ! thy babes are blest,
They have entered upon a glorious rest—
For them it was purchased, to them it is given,
Young mother give pi aise ! thy babes are in heaven.
Ah ! myriads shine in that baby land,
To the eye of faith—what a smiling band !
The chosen of God—how brightly they shine!
Hallelujahs they sing in that heavenly clime,
The praise, and the glory, 0 ! Saviour be thine.
EDITH.

Liverpool, Nov. 1838.

SONGS OF THE PASSIONS.

BY CHARLES SWAIN.

(From Lady Blemington's " Book of Beauty for 1839.")

LOVE.
Where the golden hand of morn
Touches light the singing fountain,
There. a maiden lowly born,
Guides her flock along the mountain.
Bashful as the fawn, and fleet,
She invests the world with beauty.
Simple grace, and manners sweet,
Dignify her humble duty.
Sudden light has wreathed the earth,
Robed the fields and flowers in gladness;
New delights—too deep for mirth;—
Gentle griefs—too sweet for sadness!—
Who this sudden charm bath wrought?
Sent this flow of bright revealings ?
Mind, that springs with joyous thought!
Heart, that glows with heavenly feelings!
Surely, 'tie some angel strayed,
Not a shepherd's daughter solely,
Who bath earth like heaven arrayed,
In a light and love so holy!
Oh, when stars, like drops of pearl,
Glimmer o'er the singing water,
There I'll woo my mountain girl,
Proudly wed the shepherd's daughter!

DESPAIIt.
I had a dream of many lands,
A voyage fleet and far,
Beyond the waste and desert sands—
The light of sun or star.
I saw a fearful shape arise,

The Angel of despair;
His awful head gloom'd mid the skies,

And clouds his' footstools were!

The scars and furrows myriad years
Had branded on his head,
'Where channels old of human tears
That from all time were shed:
His shadowy hands, from east to west,
Obscured the troubled air;
And nations saw in dread their guest—

And shrieking, breathed Despair !
The billows back ward raged and roared,
One spring the Tempest took,
And flashed around his lightning sword

Whilst hills and forests shook;—
And Nature, to whose gentle breast
All human griefs repair,
Could find no home for the opprest—
No refuge 'gaiust " Despair!'"

REVENGE.
The midnight lamps were burning dim
In an old ancestral room,
And the low lament of a funeral hymn
Told a youthful chieftain's doom;
For the last of Donna's ancient race

Lay shrouded, cold, and pale;
And the joyous cheer of the forest chase

Had turned to fear and wail!
The last of Honna's race—the last—
On his couch of death was laid;
Thus, one by one, each heir had passed,
By steel or mare betrayed.
Yes; sire and son, and daughter bright,
As by some demon banned;
By the poiso❑ bowl, or the sword by night,
And none might trace the band.
But, lo !—ere fled the burial gloom
For the last of Ronna's line,
Some hand had writ on his hasty tomb,
Revenge! Revenge !—He's mine !
Oh, wild was the fright of the watcher lone,
As tomb by tomb he passed,
For that seal of fate was on every stone—
Revenge!—mine—mine at last!

THE COMPASSIONATE PRECURSOR AND THE

NORTHERN PRESBYTERIAN.

( Front the Dublin Evening Nail.,
A friend has sent us the following dialogue from the North.
We fear our Dublin printers will hardly do justice to the
classic dialect of one of the speakers:—
COMPASSIONATE PRECURSOR—I am amazed, my dear and
deeply-injured brother, to see you look so fat and hearty.
Are you not aware that we are arrived at one of these stages
in the political life of nations which is called a crisis?
NORTHERN PRESBYTERIAN—TO my certain knowledge
we have been in a crisis for this eight-and-thretty year. It's
nanthin' new to be in a crisis.

C. P.—But, my dear friend, Ireland—our country—is at
this very moment suffering the most monstrous and insult-
ing injustice.
N. P.—Ye Minna tell me sae! I th)cht the country had
been guy and prosperous.
C. P.—Prosperous ! Who seeks of the sordid calcula-
tions of commerce when a nation is insu:ted in the eyes of
Europe?
N. P.—l'm no just ready to neglec' the rule e' three, for
a' that. But, gain there be ony atteck like upon the coun-
try, I'll resent it as ready as anither.—Wow, man, nay fether
was ane o' the Bangor volunteers, under auld Col. Sherman.
I'll no thole onv insult, what is't man, what is't?
C. P.—Heavens : can you ask? Is not the qualification
for the elective franchise ten times as high in hapless, im-
poverished Ireland, as in wealthy England? Is nut this a
badge of slavery, and a mark of degradation?
N. P.—Prut tut man ! there's beggars eneugh hae votes
already. It was the best thing O'Connell ever did to pit
thae meeserabie creturs, the forty shillin' freeholders, out o'
the way o' corruption.
C. P.—Ah! but, my dear friend, we shall soon have the
protection of the Ballot.
N. P.—l dinna ken. I think, while the member votes
openly in the house for my sztisfaction, wha hae the Iran-
cheese, I oucht to vote openly at the hustings fur the satis-
faction o'thaern wha hue no votes ava.

C. P.—Well, but leaving these theoretical niceties aside,
I ask you nmv, in confidence and in friendship, does it not
make your very blood boil to think that Ireland should be
deprived, as she of her fair share of representatives? She
ought, OR every equitable calculation. to have 170, and all
we ask, in justice and on principle, is 150. We ask no more;
We will not be content with less.

N. P. 1 dinna just p.:eenc:i)!,2 o'
a' that's fair at once.

C. P.—Oh! I by no means say that we w,;u1,1 nut tike the
odd twenty, sometime again, if opportunity offered ; but at
present it would be hardly expee that is, you see, it
would, perhaps, not be altogether consistent, as it were, with
prudential principle—for we scorn expediency—to ask at
once for more than the cool hundred and fifty. Leaving that
question, however, I turn to the animating topic of Corporate
Reform. There, lam sure, we will be agreed. Come, then,
my ill-used fellow countryman, unbosom yourself of the na-
tural indignation which these atrocities cannot but have
excited in every honourable mind and manly breast. Here
is the subscription list. Put down your name among the
friends of justice. 'Twill cost you but a shilling.
N. P.—Haith, my man, you're no blate! Div ye think
I've naethin' else to do with my hard-earned penny than gie
it to be devoured amulet a wheen idle bletherin' beggars o'
Precursor committee-men ? I've my rent to pay the morn;
and nou that the rent and tithe gang baith thegither—wha's
doing was that ? It's no mony shillin's a farmer body like
e has to spare.
C. P.—Good God !—and is it a man oppressed and impo-
verished, as you nec:are your,eif to be, by this blood-stained
impost, who refuses to exert himself for its extinction ?
N. P.--It's what?

C. P.—lts extinction, I s'r,•—its annihilation—its utter
and complete extermination
N. P.—Whv, that was what Sherman Crafurd wanted to
do a twalvernoilth ago, and ye wadna let him; and troth I'm
thinking ye hae nee rnair o't the noo than ye.had then.
Whawas't invented tit h,:s eva

C. I).—Thev were giYen originally to the Roman Catholic
Church, for saying masses for the repose of the dead.
N. P.—And by nr sang, I think it's the auld purpose t'e'll
put them to yet.
C. P.—That is the malignant insirraation of a disappointed
roan. I confess I was not prepared for this apathy in Ulster.
vv hy, sir, there is n,) rousing you to a sense Gf the injustice
heaped on your county. You have no feeling for Ireland--
no sentiment of nationality.
, N. P.—lts no Ireland iiva, m to—it's Roomyou're taalkin'
83"ot. Its no nEctionelit, but Popery that's coming through
70u.,

—Lord, how insensible he is to his wron4s ! Can
nothinz rouse you?—'tis but a shillin—think of Reform,
man—Corporate Reform.
N. P.—Blethers—blethers ! You just want it for the folly
o earring the mace to mills.
C. P.—The franchise !
N. P.—Beggars eneugh turned politicians, as it !
C. P.—Our fair share of representation !

N. P.—Over mony Papishes in the Hoose already !
C. P.—The tithes!—the tithes!—its only a shilling!
N. P.—You'll get neither lane nor tither!
C. P.—Think what you are about. We are eight millions.
I would not advise the shedding of one drop of blood—but—
N. P. We've aye had the best o' it, and sae wull we
yet!"
C. P.—lt is plain to be seen you are nothing but an obsti-
nate fanatic. have no more to do with you. .

N. P.—Gae 'lung, you spulpen!
C. P.— —you, fur a ranting, canting, fanatical, hypo-
critical, low-lived, sordid, swaddling son of a blackmouthed
herr., ier t r•;,,L•ahnnir

BISHOP OF CHESTER'S CHARGE.

Two or three passages in this document, just published,
maybe considered to be of general interest :

` Many subjects present themselves, towards which I might
be tempted to direct your thoughts. One more especially
concerns the Church at present; because it is daily assuming
a more. serious and alarming aspect, and threatens a revival
of the worst evils of the Romish system. Under the specious
pretence of deference to antiquity, and respect for primitive
models, the foundations of our Protestant Church are under-
mined by men who dwell within her walls, and those who
sit in the Reformers' seat are traducing the Reforrnatiom. It
is again becoming a matter of question whether the Bible is
sufficient to make man wise unto salvation; the main article
of our national confession, justification by faith, is both openly
and covertly assailed: and the stewards of the mysteries of
God are instructed to reserve the truths which they have
been ordained to despise, and to hide under a bushel those
doctrines which the apostles were commanded to preach to
every creature.
" It is not from any feeling of favour towards these new
doctrines that I do not add my voice to the"warnings which
have been already raised, and ably raised, against them. (1)
It is rather because I sincerely believe that the voice of warn-
ing, however needful elsewhere, is little needed here. We
may regard it as a compensation for urgent and laborious
duties, that the business of a diocese like that of which we are
members, leaves no time for `fables and endless genealogies,'
and questions which are not 'of godly edifying.' We have
too much to do with realities to be drawn aside by shadows.

"Addressing you, my reverend brethern, I have no need
to insist on this as the primary object of education. We, at
least, are all agreed that this object must be the knowledge
of 'the only true God, and of Jesus Christ, whom he has sent.'
And before we abandon this object, or are diverted to any
other, it must be proved to us that man is not an immortal
being: or it must be proved to us that the nature of that im-
mortality, its happiness or misery, does not depend upon his
conduct and character in this present life • or it must be
proved to us that the interests of this transitory state are of
more importance than the welfare of the soul for ever. Till
this be proved to our satisfaction, we shall make religion the
primary object of our concern : because we hold that the
nature of the education should be determined by the nature
of the being whom we instruct; and that the being whom we
instruct is to be educated in the knowledge of God, because
on the knowledge of God his eternity depends.
" We cannot, therefore, descend from.this principle.• Our
practice, however, would be the same, even if it were not
grounded on such high reasons. We should still make reli-
gion the basis of education, if our first object were merely to
improve and enlarge the mind; for we know not how this
purpose could be effected better than by exercising the mind
upon those great things which the Bible discloses : the things
pertaining to the dealing of God with man: the things which
extend the sphere of mental vision, and carry us beyond what
is seen to what is unseen. There are those who talk as it the
Bible depressed the mind, and fettered the understanding.
They seem to have forgotton that the greatest intellects which
our country has known, those who have reached the highest
degrees of what may be termed worldly knowledge, have also
been most conversant with the Bible, and soared4he highest
in spiritual contemplations.
"But, indeed, we may go further still, and meet the pro-
moters of secular education on their own ground, the ground
of personal advantage and general usefulness. Still I make
religion the basis of education, and maintain that the in-
struction which prepares man for eternity is also the instruc-
tion which is most profitable for time. We desire to make
men useful to themselves and their families; useful to the
community in their several stations. Let it be supposed for
a moment that we have this object, and no other, They are
not made so because their heads are stored with knowledge,
unless their minds are also brought under regulation. (2) And
we have no secret for regulating the mind, except that dis-
closed in Scripture • no other way of providing against those
vices which are alike pernicious to the state and destructive
to the individual, except through the operation of those great
truths which, under the influence of the Holy Spirit, govern
and guide the heart. The passions are not controlled, the ap-
petites are not brought into subjection, because the mind is
made acquainecl with literature, or with the arts, or with arith-
metic. Have these that power over the man, as to withdraw
him from the haunts of vulgar dissipation, or overcome the
allurements of profitable companionship? if such were the
effect of these pursuits and this sort of knowledge, we should
witness it in that higher class of society which is universally
conversant with them. Unhappily, we know that the fact is
otherwise: we know, by sad experience, that the greatest in-
tellectual strength may exist together with the most grievous
moral weakness; we know that it is no uncommon case to
find transcendent talents accompanied by pre-eminent depra-
vity, and superior mental powers only rendering more con-
spicuous the corruption of the heart. It is indeed an ho.
miltating fact, though a fact too important to be concealed,
that when we have succeeded in obtaining the most cultivated
or intellectual man, we have no security that we have ob-
tained the man who is an useful member of the society to
which lie belongs. He may be as little what, as lovers of
mankind, or as lovers of our country, we desire him to
be, as the very man who has been least raised above the
ground he treads upon through the process of education ;
he may be as much a slave to debasing vice; he may
be as neglectful of those whom he ought to cherish; he
may be, reckless of any moment beyond the present; he
may be improvident, dishonest, cruel. And with this unde-
niable fact before us, how can we close our eyes against the
truth, that it is in vain to give men knowledge, unless you
also give them the qualities which make knowledge valuable,
such as industry, prudence, temperance, and that in order
to make men industrious, and temperate, and provident, you
must supply them with the motives from which such virtues
spring ;—such motives as really influence and affect the
heart. For the man who is wise in the things which Scripture
teaches, he has also that wisdom which is really to be desired
for this world. He may be deficient in secular acquirements,
but his moral understanding is enlightened, and be is raised
above his fellows by qualifications which are alike accepta-
ble to God, and approved of men ; he is sober, and diligent,
and prudent, and upright, and affectionate.

"Three years ago it was my duty to'represent the great
exertions which were required, that, instead of being over-
whelmed by the swelling tide of population, we might be
prepared to receive it as our own. '1 hat call has not been
made in vain. In every part of the diocese, accordiUg to the
degree of exigency, it has been nobly responded to. One
spirit seems to atrimate the whole. The result bas been
already seen, and the words of the prophet are already veri-
fied—' In the place where it was said unto them, Ye are not
my people,' there it has been said unto them, 'Ye are the
sons of the living God.' (Hos. i. 10.)
" During the last three years, in that important district
which lies between the Ribble and the Mersey, the erection
of more than 50 churches has been undertaken, of which 32
have already received their ministers and their congregations,
and the rest are fast advancing towards their completion. (3)
The neighbouring county of Cheshire is actuated by the same
spirit. In the parish of Mottram, where, till lately, there has
been but one church, there will soon be four. Four others
have been commenced in the same populous district; whilst,
in the agricultural parts of Cheshire, attention has been
directed towards the smaller, but not less neglected hamlets,
and 18 chapels already attest the anxiety of the incumbents
and the land proprietors to supply those spiritual wants which
had been formerly remembered only to be deplored.
" To whichever side we look, we find here what must gra-
tify It is gratifying that we are thus recovering our popu-
lation to the Church. It is equally gratifying that so many
should be engaged in this object, and that the sums which
these churches have cost, have been provided, with only two
exceptions, through the private bounty of the community. (4)
If the leaven which we desire to spread, the leaven of Chris-
tian principle, had pervaded the whole mass, it would not
be left for individuals, for a portion of the country, to do that
which is the business of the whole. The privilege of honour-
ing God with our substance would not be deprecated, but de-
sired. It would be treated as an essenti* part of national
duty, that the whole people should be furnished with the
means of public worship and scriptural instruction. And if
the allotted means were proved insufficient, as is notoriously
the case, through the result of perversion or alienation, other
means would be cheerfully supplied. But the summit cannot
be reached at once. That which has been gradually lost
must be gradually regained. The importance of an adequate
establishment for religious instruction must be proved: it
must be shown by experience that no magistrate is so effec-
tive as the minister of the Church; no force so available as
the f3rce which reliOlon actuates; no laws so influential as
the laws of Cud.

" On turning to the more favourable side, we have further
ground for consolation in remembering that the spirit which
has so b.ightened our prospect here at home, is•not confined
to a single district, but is felt throughout the land iu all its
length and breadth. A sense of common interest has been
awakened; a conviction that the destitution of one province
is the concern of others: that when one member of a na-
tional church suffers, others suffer with it. And this has
been no barren, inoperative sentiment; but has expanded
itself in the formation of two societies which have ministered
to our aid in the crisis of our exigency. The Pastoral Aid
Society is furnishing to this diocese fresh means of grace to
more than 30 places, each containing an average population
of nearly 8000 souls, and each possessing, before, the services
of only a single minister. The Additional Curates' Society,
following the same useful course, has already given assist-
ance to 20 other districts; thus supporting the Church in the
quarter where she in herself was necessarily weakest, and
without foreign aid was incapable of bearing her own bur-
the is.

"The result of these various measures has been the acces-
sion,.since last we met, of at least 100 labourers to the field ;
and in the most needy districts of Lancashire the effective
force of the church is more than doubled. God grant that
the harvest may be proportionate! We dare not boast; we
'dare llot anticipate effects which we are totally unable to
command. But we are justifier, in forming sanguine hopes,
from the manner in which the people on their part have re-
ceived the benefits intended for them; from the willing at-
tendance given to schools and lectures, from the readiness to
learn, which seems to follow, or even to precede, the oppor
tunities of instruction."

(1.) "See especially, 'Revelation, not Tradition,' by Dr.
Shuttieworth ; Capes on Church Authority;' Charges by
Archdeacon Browne and Mr. Townsend•
(2.) "Appendix 111.
(3.) "Not included in the enumeration are the churches
of Ashton, South-Shore, Thornton, Freckleton, and Out-
Rawcliffe, in that district of Lancashire called the Fylde ;
which, ►ogether with those of Yealand, and Levens, and
Milnthorp, and Grayrigg,- and St. Thomas's, Kendal, in
Westmoreland, and Brathay, near Ambleride, have all been
consecrated during the same period.
(4.) " The churches of Scotland, near Rochdale, and Ha•
bergam Eaves, in Burnley, were built by her Majesty's
Commissioners."

It is probable that the military force in India will be forth-
with augmented to the full war establishment.

BREAKING MACHINES.—We are sorry that the practice,
which prevailed to such an extent in the county of Norfolk,
and succeeded by stack burnings, prosecutions, and execu-
tions, in 1832, is again commencing in the saute part of the
country. In this neigbourhood, no less than three threshing
machines were cut to pieces and destroyed in the night of
the 26th of November. They had been put down at the
barn doors ready to be used the following day. On a former
occasion these things were generally done in open day, and
by large gangs of men. On this occasion the perpetrators
are not known, coming as they did in the night, and getting
away without detection.—Suffolk Chronicle.

CHARTIST'S DEMONSTRATION AT MoTTRAM.— OR Satur-
day night a "grand demonstration," by torch light, at Mot-
tram, was expected to have " come off;" but, owing to some
cause, it dwindled down to a meeting in the small room of the
Pack Horse in that place. Placards had been liberally
posted a few days before, headed " Englishmen assert your
rights," and calling upon the radicals of Ashton, Dukinfield,
and Stalybridge, to meet at eight o'clock, at the above place,
where they would be addressed by Messrs. Deegan and other
known friends. Deegan was very lately a spinner at Staly-
but now is a delegate to repreient Hyde and neigh-
bournu,,,l in the " national convention" at London.
s.NcAp,,rt Adcertuer.

LIVERPOOL MECHANICS' INSTITUTION

LECTURES ON PAINTING.

On Saturday evening B. R. Haydon, Esq., delivered his
fourth lecture upon this delightful art.
Compostion is the art of determining the arrangement and
quantities of the materials used to convey to the mind,
through the eye, the story intended to be told in the picture.
In all great events suited for painting or poetry, there mt,st
be a prominent figure, a leading object, and the subject insist
affect or terrify. Reynolds says that any man can execute
a single part, but it requires a ;treat genius to arrange and
P r. ITI I.

of rules in painting and Poetry, but we find that the greatest
painters and poets have preceded the rules of their respective
arts, The ancient Egyptians understood composition; they
always introduced into their compositions a principal figure,
and we frequently find great beauty in the figures and men.
Whence the Egyptians derived their knowledge of painting
is unknown, but there is reason to believe that they derived
it from other nations.

After choosing a subject, the first principle is to have a
proper figure, and the next to ascertain the inclination the
figure makes, whether it be perpendicular to its base, or at
an obtuse or an acute angle to it. Whatever be the incli-
nation of the line in the principal figure, or the 'principal
part of that figure, that inclination as a line, must be repeited
by the inclination of other figures in parallel lines, not in
particular lines, unless for a particular purpose. -Again,
other figures must reverse the inclination of the principal
figures. In this manner you will complete your composition
in quantity and lines. The masses of light and colour can
equally be brought under the laws of light and shade. The
grouping of the picture is a difficult and a delicate subject,
both as regards the arrangement and the quantity. There
are various ways of arranging figures. Some painters choose
the ellipse. Thus we find that Raphael has introduced it
into his exquisite cartoon of the death of Ananias. The
pyramidal is another style, which there is no doubt origi-
nated in the pediments of temples. Although Raphael used
this frequently, he preferred the perspective. The circular
form is sometimes used—Rubens thought it too simple, and
the great masters of the art hated simplicity, which they
agreed was the result of either idleness or want of genius. It
has been said that figures must not be parallel and particular
too, unless for some particular effect, accordingly in the
death of Ananias. We find parallel and particular figures
used, by which an awful effect is produced. Our lights should
never pass at right angles, as it offends the eye; they should
pass diagonally. Nobody attended to the arrangement of
his lights and his colours more than Sir Joshua Reynolds.
The colouring of the death of Ananias is as superb as any
thing ever witnessed, and it is considered the chuff d'aume
of Raphael. Mr. West used frequently to deliver lectures
upon the harmony and beauty of the cartoon. Of course in
all compositions there will be a number of repetitions of all
the parts. There should be three groups, three masses of
lights, and three of shades, the leading figure being always
the principal. Care must, however, be taken that the leading
figure is not rendered too powerful; therefore it is not ad-
visable to place the powerful light, the powerful colour, or
the powerful shadows upon it exclusively, unless for some
particular purpose, such as the excitement of terror; but
young artists should be careful how they take liberties before
they have experience to guide them. There is nothing so
difficult to define as the distances between the figures; it has
been attempted to define it, but it cannot be done. The
greatest sculptors and the greatest painters have always been
the greatest composers, and it was the art of arraying their
materials which rendered them of so much use to their
fellow-creatures. An artist should balance his quantities,
his colour, and his light, but he should take care that his
pictures are not too simple. Mr. Haydon then entered into
a description of the cartoon, " Feed my sheep," by Raphael,
an engraving of which he exhibited. Many painters degrade
their art by merely realizing the conceptions of a poet—they
should originate fresh ideas, and not depict those of others ;
or, if they do borrow from poetry, they should draw upon
their inventive powers so as not to follow too closely the copy
which they imitate.
Young painters are apt to consider figures of more import-
ance than quantity or mass; unless the naked form be the
main requisite to develope the story, this is not the case.
The first object in composition is to please the eye, by con-
veying the story to the mind in a pleasing form, and all other
objects must be sacrificed to this. The naked form, however
beautiful, must yield to this overpowering principle, the
ponere totem. We find that the sun is iu the audit of a sys-
tem, and that the general of an army is attended by colonels,
captains, &c. in due gradation. Raphael could always paint
heads in any part of his pictures, and supply the deficiencies
of mass by numerous contrivances. There was one principle
in composition Which he would recommend to young men,
and that was, that no picture was perfect without a beautiful
woman; and there was every reason to suppose that this is
the reason why the compositions of Raphael and Coreggio
exercise such magic over us. _
_ _ _

Some persons have entertained an opinion that the ancient
Greeks were not skilled in composition, which they have
based upon the rude paintings found in Herculaneum and
Pompeii. The Elgin marbles, . however, are sufficient to
dispel that illusion. It might, with equal reason, be urged
some thousands of years hence, that the paintings executed
in Australia at the present period are to be taken as a speci-
men of the skill of British artists. The paintings which
adorn the walls of a provincial Roman city, destroyed 70
years before the Christian era, are not surely to-be taken as a
fair criterion by which to estimate the abilities of the
early Greek painters. Indeed as we find that the Roman
writers have praised the works of the Greek painters infi-
nitely more than they have those of the sculptors; and as we
have evidence in the elgin marbles that the Romans have
not over rated the latter, we have just reason for supposing
that the works of the Greek painters must have excelled
those of the sculptors Quinctilian tells us that Xerxes dis-
covered the principles of light and shadow. The Greeks we
are also told understood the arts of perspective and fore-
shortening.
Why are not schools of design formed in every one of the
great towns in this kingdom, so that the young men might
do every thing in their power to improve themselves? A.
large proportion of the most eminent British artists, inclu-
ding Charles Eastlake, and Edwin and Charles Landseer,
were pupils of the lecturer, and oue great reason of their ex-
cellence was, that they had been taught to dissect. See, in
consequence, with what truth Edwin Landseer draws ani-
mals. There is a magnificent gallery at the Royal Institu-
tion, in this town, and all you want to render it complete,
is an anatomical skeleton and figure. The young men
should be freely admitted to study in this gallery, and thus
they could speedily attain an intimate knowledge of propor-
tion with such a magnificent collection; it is a pity that the
young men.do not avail themselves of it. The gallery should
be rendered useful, and young men be admitted three times a
week,—it is the finest collection of sculpture I ever saw, and
it is a pity that it should be idle. They have a school of de-
sign in Manchester, which will rival any school out of Lon-
don. They have a skilful superintendent, a most interesting
young man, and the whole town takes an interest in the
school. They should havb a school of design here, especially
as the town possessed such a valuable gallery,
[We beg to inform Mi. Haydon, if he is still unacquainted
with the fact, that the Liverpool Mechanics' Institution al-
ready possesses an excellent school of design, which, with
proper encouragement, will no doubt contribute to the fame
of our town in the circles of art. The liberal-minded direc-
tors of the Institution have long felt the want of a gallery to
be a serious impediment to the prosperity of this department;
but burdened, as they have been, with a large debt, have
naturally shrunk from increasing the heavy expenses which
have been incurred in the erection of their noble building.
What will Mr. Haydon think when he is informed that the
public of Liverpool have already generously subscribed
£15,000 towards this edifice! The debt being now nearly
paid, it has been determined to delay no longer the erection
of a gallery for sculpture; and we feel assured that the ge-
nerosity of our townsmen will keep pace with the prosperity
of the Institution, as they perceive the great good which it
is beginning to exercise over the prosperity and happiness
of the productive classes, and the still further good of which
it may be rendered capable. Already, it will be seen, they
have advertised for plans for a gallery, to devote to this pur-
pose; and the building being erected, casts of the Elgin,
Egina, and other ancient sculptures, will not fie wanting to
adorn its interior; so that in the course of a few years, under
the able superintendence of its amiable and accomplished
master, Mr. William Bishop, we may soon expect the Liver-
pool School of Design to rank second to none opt of the me-
tropolis, or even to be surpassed by any there.]

On Wednesday evening, Mr. Hayden delivered the fifth
of his lectures, in which he pointed out the principle of co-
lour and light and shade.
Having settled the great base of all art, first, the principles
of the human form, and secondly, the modes of arranging
that form under the head of composition, we now come to
treat of colour, light and shade, light and dark, surface and
execution. There are three primitive colours, red, yellow,
and blue. Red and yellow are considered by artists as warm
colours, because with them fire is imitated; and blue is
called a cold colour, because it is used to represent water.
The proportion of warm colour to cold is as two to one, warmth
is therefore the principle of colour and cold an exception.
Colour has a much better foundation than that of the eye; it
is, in fact, a provident arrangement of the Creator himself.
he colours produced by the admixture of red and yellow are
also warm, whereas those containing blue are cold; and this
characteristic prevails however dark or however ligt the co-
lour. This principle can be discovered in Rubens' darkest
tints. There is perhaps, no more evident proof of the kind
consideration of the Creator of all things for the happiness of
his creatures than the manner in which he has invested every
thing with property of reflecting colour upon the eye. With-
out this the blush of beauty would not present any contrast
to the Paleness of death. It is certain that the Greeks con-
sidered colour as much a part of artistical education as they
did light and shade. Blue was not one of the colours used
by the early Greek painters. The first black which they used
was a blue black obtained by the burning of vine leaves;
and ivory black was only discovered by Apelles, who obtained
it by burning ivory. But without blue it would not be possi-
ble to have that beautiful combination which is the charac-
teristic of the Venetian school. Pliny says that the Greeks
used only four colours, which four he adds are enough for all
combinations. Now we see that three are all that are re-
quired. Black and white are not colours. As the Greeks
left out blue it is quite impossible that they could have car-
ried colouring to the-perfection of the Venetian school, al-
though they might have equalled Rubens or Annibal Carracci
in style. At the period of Apelles, however, all the colours
must have been used in perfection. Sir Humphty Davy was
decidedly of this opinion. Pliny says that Apelles repre-
sented the sea, and this required azure. It is extraordinary
that Sir Joshua Reynolds did not allude to the absence •of
bill', in the works of the early Greek painters, in his notice
of Pliny.
Canova remarked that the English school was the only
school of colour in the world, although the climate of Eng-
land was the worst known. The use of colour in painting
is perhaps more regulated by the laws of association than
any other portion of the art. Our very feelings are affected
by colour. Joy and gladness is associated with white, and
the contrary with the reverse. The Chinese, who put on
white for the loss of a friend are reversing the feelings of the
mind, while the Europeans, who put-on black, are correct.
Schools of art are so many defects in art. A gat; scene would
ill be, expressed by the obscurity of Rubens; in short, the
silveriness of one school, the gaudiness of another, and the
splendour of a third, are but faults of art. When colour in a
grand subject is consistent and harmoniousi instead of incon-
sistent and gaudy, it must assist rather than detract from the
purity of the art. The principle of laying on colour is the same
as that of composition—nothing should offend. Therefore
we should have constant repetitions, but not too remarkable
ones. There never was a better place for the study of colour
than the Louvre, and never should the lecturer forget the
feelings of delight and ecstacy with which he first contem-
plated that collection. By rooking at them you imbibe
principles in half an hour which took other artists years to
lay down. Rubeiis bears all down by his breadth, bright-
ness, and depth; and if an artist keeps these principles in
view, he may defy rivalry or competition. The silvery
beauty of Guido looks grey, and you find that those artists
snffer most whose works have the most peculiarities. The
most gorgeous of the modern schools of art is the Venetian,
the colouring of which is characterised by their splendour.
The lecturer had once painted from models lighted with a
lamp in daylight, and thus got a golden light like the Vene-
tian; but probably in Italy they were able to get the same
splendour by letting iu the sun upon the model, which he
got by allowing a lamp to play upon it. The splendour of
the Venetian school was produced by laying on every colour
in its native purity on a white ground, and never/mixing the
Colour. They then brought the whole into harmonious glory
by glazing, which lessened the gaudiness without losing the
splendour of the original pure colour. This was the practice
of the Greeks in the time of Apelles. Glazing gives a mag-
nificence to a painting, but young men must not depend too
much upon it. The first aim of a young man should be to
get a floe tint by no other means than by solid colours. if
glazing is not well managed, it flattens; and if not used in a
gummy vehicle, it runs into the fleshy tints. The fault of
the English school of glazing is, that it is too palpable.-
Titian concealed it.

Reynolds divides colour irto warm and cold, and he lays
it down that the lights should be of warm colours. Warmth
is more agreeable than coldness at all times. Warmth is the
rule, and coldness is the exception. In every part of your
picture, high or low, let your colours be warm. The Greeks
painted in distemper, and varnished intensely. From Pliny's
description they used wax, liquified with oil, as a vehicle.
Sir Joshua Reynolds introduced wax into the English school.
Oil painting must have been practised by the Greeks as well
as distemper painting. The first thing an artist has to do is
to prepare his ground, and this ground is either to absorb
the oil or to resist it. It is a question whether the Venetians
aggawar maw; ' 4,for ictiigsgvv
7.7 -t.77T7 71117 -nd the best

rience ie lecturer thou„_ Thii. a. tv& ,e-ground was
as you can do anything with it. Pliny says that Protogenes
painted his pictures tour times over, so that if one was de-
stroyed another might he ready ; but the better construction
is, that he acted as Titian did, by laying upon his pictures
four coats of colour. The lecturer had written to Sir Hum-
phry Davy to ask him whether a white absorbent ground
would keep its colour 3(X) years, if painted upon with oils
Sir Flumphry Davy replied, that when a painting in distem-
per is varnished over, it would be difficult to tell whether the
ground was distemper or oil. Thus the greatest authority in
chemistry asserts that oils become varnishes by time. Titian
could not have used gum, as the sun is so hot in Italy t hat
it would have melted it. The vehicles of Claude and Titian
were quite different, and it is quite clear that Claude used
gum. When Wilkie and the lecturer began the art, oil was
not used, and an artist was pointed out who was darkg enough
to paint with oil. We owe the revival of oil painting to the
success of Wilkie's " Village Po!iticians." which was a most
beautiful performance. So little did Wilkie think of this
chef d'oeuvre, that it was with the utmost difficulty he could
be prevailed upon to send it to the exhibition. The
News newspaper was the first to praise it highly, as
the extraordinary work of a young Scotchman, and to
predict the future brilliant career of Wilkie. Being
the first to discover this newspaper critique, he (the lec-
turer) immediately hastened with it to 'Wilkie, and told
him that his name was in the paper. "Isit ?" said Wil-
kie, and he danced around the table with joy.
.Nobody can
imagine but those who have experienced it, how cheering is
the first encouragement which a young artist receives. Sur-
face has a considerable effect in the action of colour upon the
eye; and as all paintings are executed in such a manner a 3
that the various colours may have the proper effect upon the
e',e at a certain distance, a -person should not apply his eye
close to the canvas, and complain of its roughness, any snore
than he would to the cheek or eyes of a beautiful woman, and
complain that the one was covered with down and pores, or
the other with veins and blood vessels. The very riogluers
of the skin gives it a soft appearance when viewed at a mo-
derate distance; but ivory, which is smooth when closely in•
spected, looks, on the contrary, hard when seen at a short
distance. The atmosphere makes a great difference in the
appearance of figures. Thus, if--a• subject be painted to ap-
pear well when closely viewed, it will not look well when
viewed front a distance, and vice versa. It is a gross delusion
to suppose that the Italian painters got better colours and
better brushes than we do. Wilkie never had a colour dis-
charged, because he uses common colours. Sir Joshua Rey-
nolds was always making experiments in, colours, conse-
quently he was at the mercy of every adventurer, and his
colours always fled. In reality, the old masters had not half
the advantages which we have. Their canvas was so small,
that they were obliged to have them pieced ; indeed, Titian
has painted some of his pictures on table cloths. It is a mis-
taken notion with young men, that all depends upon the ve-
hicle. The lecturer had painted with the common pure lin-
seed oil for 22 years ; not, however, such common oil as can
be got in the ordinary way (for oil manufacturers very natu-
rally like to extract as much oil as possible from the seed),
but from a great oil manufactory, where an artist can procure
it expressed with one blow of the iron, cold. By this means
oil may be procured which will not decay; but if you get oil
which is expressed by 40 or 50 blows of the iron, it will not
stand. It is the practice now to grind white colour in poppy
oil because it is thin; but the lecturer ground his whites in
this pure linseed oil, which, in appearance, is like gum when
poured from a bottle. By employing a white ground you get
even the lowest parts of crimson draperies quite transparent,
owing to the effect of the white shining through it, and you
have a depth of colour which could not be procured on a
black ground: indeed, a colour may be readily changed by-
having a white ground. Never mix down to make a thing
retire. The nearest figures should be painted with the most
brilliant colours; but if it be wanted to make a distant co-
lour, we should not take Vandyke brown, and filth down the
colour, but use a pure colour of a lower scale. T hus,.in the
Venetian School, we find the retiring figures painted with
pure naked tints, and not mixed down. Cleanliness in co-
lour is of essential service, and every night the colours ought
to be thrown away, and the pallette made bright and clean.
In a very curious little work, which the lecturer had fortu-.
nately got hold of, there is given an interesting account of
Titian's manner of painting. He based his portraits upon a
rich mass of colour. In four,paintings he gave the promise
of a beautiful figure. After having laid on his solid painting,
he put his pictures aside, and left them. When he came to
touch them again, he examined them with the closest scru-
tiny, as if they were the productions of his greatest enemy.
By this strict examination he brought his pictures to the most
beautiful state of nature, so that breath was only wanting to
make them perfect. Titian worked day after day until he
had perfected his pictures. In finishing, Titian preferred his
fingers and his thumbs to his brushes.
We conic now to the execution of the brush, which no
people study sn little, or talk of so ignorantly, as my glorious
countrymen. Painting is altogether a deceptio visus. It must
be admitted that the atmosphere intervening, renders au ob-
ject more and more indistinct, until we lose sight of. it alto-
gether. There is nothing at which the ignorant are so much
asstonished as, after having been much delighted at viewing
any thing at a distance, to see it composed of a few daubs or
streaks. Roughness of actual surface has nothing to do with
the softness; in fact, a picture may be full of touches to a
microscopic eye, which, viewed from a proper distance, looks
like nature. We find out original pictures by the roughness
of the touch. Every touch is a thought; but all this is lost
in copies ;—it is sheer imitation. It, at a proper distance, a
figure strikes you as a reality, what right have you to look
close, and complain that the touches are rough ? Your won-
der ought to be raised as you ascertain the apparent slight-
ness of the means taken to produce the effect. Dashing exe-
cution is, however, the end in art, and he who begins in this
style, will always end in emptiness. Never copy -a picture.
I never knew a person who was a copyist, who ever painted
an original picture. Execution is the result of the utmost
labour. With respect to the instrument of execution,—the
pencil,—it was the lecturer's opinion that a flat one should
not be used. It is an excuse for a feeble touch, and was in-
troduced by Sir Thomas Lawrence. It was not used by the
old masters. What you do, you should do with the decision
of an unerring band, with a round brush. Light and sha-
dow is one thing, and light and dark is another. There is a
solemnity in the shadow which there is not in the dark.
Light and shadow increase the effect of a picture tenfold. A
cavern is formed by dark; a shadow is the interception of
light. Breadth, which is a significant word in art, consists
in painting your lights in masses; but breadth must not be
emptiness.

SPOR7'II‘/G IN7'ELLIGIt'IVC.E.

MANCHESTER-FRIDAY EVENING.

There has not been anything done on the Derby requiring
observation. We may notice Lord Jersey's horse backed.
yesterday at 100 to 10. and plenty anxious to get a point
more.—The Ashdown Park Stakes have attracted the atten-
tion of the coursers. The first ties are on a Tuesday a few
of our leading admirers of the pastime will leave to-morrow,
to be present. Mr. Houghton's Ericho took his departure
this morning per railway, looking "fit." The party are very
sanguine.—The entries for the Waterloo Cup, &c. to be de-
cided at Altcar, have filled quite up to expectation. The
names, &c. we shall give on Wednesday. Bugle has been
hacked heavily in Liverpool for the event to come off on the
28Lh of February and St. David's Day (March Ist.)

.......,.
Th And flees faster away than the day of our birth;
.:_. „thc..fi :Whittelaitosjimii_roac tragntAalLe_artlit2LaL9Lle„...„,
' • - 77—"' ch if left tirithe latin aiways
.unlnown.
Youth keeps pace with Time for a season,
- But fades like the rest of things, stands to reason;
'Tis like a flower in the prime of its bud,
Which withers away with the storm or the flood.
Youth is the season God gave us to pray,
That thoughtlessness might not lead us astray;
For the day of our death must certainly come,
And then we'll remember His will has been done.
lAr. w. S.
