i?stigated, bad refused to par tithes. They sometimes
allowed the la* to take its course, but they more fre-
irently resisted it to the uttermost. In the one case
t
!leY were compOled to pay, in the shape of costs, ten
times the sum originally claimed; and in the other they
were
compelled to pay for the debt they owed, and for the
crimes they had committed by a fearful distraint upon
their goods, and an awful death-offering. upon the
gallovvs. Ireland owes all these debts, crimes, and execu-
th)ns t
, DANIEL O'CONNELL. * •
The bill, thus amended by the lords, and stripped of its
• original al bounties and appropriations in favour of popery,
if allowed to pass, have this beneficial effect—viz.,
it gill eiclude.the protestant clergyman from the arena
of Popish disputations and popish insubordination. - He
7.111 have no occasion to enter the potato garden of the
disaffected, or visit the peat bog of the savage. But we
!egret to add that while the peasant is relieved from what
is eensiderecl by him, under the influence of popery, an
obnoxious tax, it will expose him to a much more grind-
N.Goe• and a much more onerous one, in the shape of
ent. We use the word regret simply because it. is pain-
ed to see the labout ing classes of Ireland made the dupes
the desperate villains who pass in their estimation for
Patriots. It is their very ignorance which attracts our
sympathy.
Had they been left to themserves, and had
heir naturally benevolent dispositions been allowed fair
Play, they would on reflection have come to the conclu-
sion
that it would have been an easier bargain to deal
with the protestant clergyman than with their grinding_
and selfish landlords. They have, however, made their
election- They have been induced to offer every ob-
; strection, by violence and otherwise, to the collection of
tithe by the lawful owner. They have forced upon the
government the only alternative left; and, by the bill
"der consideration, a transfer from the minister to the
master—from the humane preacher of the gospel to the
Inexorable and non-resident proprietor.—of an easy tithe
vharge, is the consequence. They will find the difference
they
Pressure when the proper time comes. At present
l'leY do not comprehend the nature of the arrangement,
and they will only know and feel its effects when ten, but
Irre probably twenty, per cent..will be added to the rent
arge of every farm and cabin in Ireland.
But Lord MELBOURNE has abandoned the bill ! How
isthis ? h the minister bound by secret obligations
Which he dares not divulge, or is he under the inbence
of the comet ? The bill which lie now ta/ks of abandon-
lng,Amended as it is, is the bill proposed by the MEL-
-B°l3ttivE administration of 1834, introduced •by Loid
v t.E tixy one of his colleagues, supported by Lords GREY
a'
vad ALTHORP, and sanctioned by the courteous approba-
°ll of allthe wings. Abandon this bill ? for shame, my
ieirti! The bill was the pure cabbage which you rejoiced
t 0 lionout ; the popish clauses, rejected by the lords, are
the weeds which Lord JOHN RUSSELL pulled up with it.
• It Is, My lord, your own bill: its admeasurement is by
;our
own tape; its clauses are of your own cut; its re-
'Orals are of your own device; its cloth is purely of whig
manufacture; and surely you are not so bad a tailor as to
()11(1e11111 as " dung gear" what came from your own.
board, cut with your own shears, and approved .of by
)ourself and colleagues as the perfection of taste and fa-
shion! •
I:l°rd MELBOURNE has declared that he cannot sanction
a bill which he supported when Lord .ALTHORP was the
leader of the House of Commons; but if Lord MEL-
4eRNE chooses toadhere to this declaration, we can only
say that in point of character he will be the least enviable
'nail in his Majesty's dominions.
The Bish,-ip.: of Lor;iner,i's speech in the debate is
wurtby the most serious attention. Often have we dif-
fered from the reverend lord on Many of his. recent votes,
, 'and harshly, perhaps, have we censured his motives and
k Ported his principles ; but, in common candour we are
"Intl to say that upon .the present occasion the reverend
relate has nobly redeemed himself. He has, alas too
g, pandered to the passions of liberality, until disgust
ttas supervened toleration. He has played the game of
concession under so many generous impulses, that lie
ne.yer dreamt he was foolish• until he found that he was
robbed. He threw down the chuta's alms to the papist
With no niggard hand; but, when he expected gratitude,
I4e. found that a popish priest was picking his pocket.
The reverend prelate, we are happy to say, has disco-
vered his error, and he has resolved to shut the door
Pretty much in conformity with the proverb, "after the
steed has been stolen." At any rate we are delighted to
see this return to the good old path, and this manly de-
termination to resist every other innovation in favour of
Puaery. His lordship observes :-
-t42`; Would to God that some system, me rational plan,
/,"14 be devised for pacifying Ireland. But what was this ?
1., dealt not with Irelaud in the mass, but with parishes; reli-
t'' discord was said to be the bane of the land, and it went
tt._o?.parish to parish fomenting, continuing, and exciting dis-
'll Posed
between protestants and• Roman catholics. Yes, but they
I,l4'Pesed to pacify these parishes. How ? By exterminating,
protestatits—• Sulitudittem faciunt, pucem appeyant
giving hear.) It was said, too, tliere was a necessity tor
the Roman catholics instruction. He admitted that
every well-governed christian country it was the duty of the
6t,t,e to-provide, or rather to assist the poor in providing, edu-
e,.,4'4oa for themselves, for to gratuitous education he was op-
tit'll"eci, and especially in Ireland, having from his experience,
d that was extensive, fortified by the report of the Irish edu-
Ztkm commissioners, found that when people had something
4-11PaY they were more attentive, and derived more advantap,
it Werezed the benefits they received at a higher rate. But- if
the
, a duty to educate the poor Irish, was it not the duty of
the church?
landholders, and of the people themselves, rather than of
(Hear, hear.) Or, as these were the days ofex-
, :I""tment, why not, as had been done in other cases, appropriate
eerwn sum of money for national education ? The nation
' ll'iltl afford it—the church of Ireland could not. The nation,
I,'", would be the gainer, for everybody who had anything to
Safety teas a gainer by the education of the poorer classes. The
12 or their lordships' property, the public security's depended
th"fi th 9 religious education of" the lower •classes. But was
f fre any other kind of necessity ? Yes, the necessity of
ban abundant
the Roman catholics. Hid not their lordships already
'inple abundant experience of the futility of all such. efforts?
al", hear.) Had any measure_ produced, though it might
„ CO been under the happiest aespices, succeeded? Had they
Deseach and all signally and lamentably failed ? (Hear, hear.)
.11e:eerned to be a peculiarity in Irish legislation that there
thi er was to be in any acts a principle of finality. Every
ng Was to he tried, and each successive experiment, like the
Last, was found to fail. (Hear, hear.)"
Yes, my lord, they have failed, and they must fail, be-
cause every concession has been in favour of idolatry, and
Insulting to that Divine Providence which has conferred
a° many blessings on the protestant people of these
realms- Instead of contributing -our means, and increas-
Ing'our exertions to convey the pure light of the gospel
t° the realms of darkness and ignorance in Ireland, we
"ave been encouraging the propagation of doctrines.
'which yon and other lords spiritual and temporal have
'worn to be " idolatrous and. dainnahle." Instead of
our kings being the " nursing fathers" of the great
trllOts., of Christianity, they have been compelled by their
Parliaments to grant enlarged powers to the missionaries
f Rome, and give encouragement to the mysteries and
iniquities of popery. How then can such concessions be
anything else than miserable failures ? We have the
fruits of our works before our eyes. We see in Ireland
a People sinking year by year, deeper and deeper, in de-
moralization and crime. . The laws are violated, men are
robbed, the ministers of the goSpel are insulted, plun-
dered, and even murdered with impunity. How then can
/.‘2e expect peace in Ireland ?—not by concession, but by
the sword.
Ti,e reverend prelate speaks with all the eloquence of
reason and truth in the following passage, with which we
!bust conclude:—
"Observe the Roman catholics—(le should say nothing of
their religious belief, but of their political feeliogs)—observe
them froin Gandolfi down to Doyle and M' Hale; (he begged
Pardon for mentioning the name of Dr. Doyle, as he was uo
111" re, he hada not intended itwould lie allude to any errors
0 might h e cominitted•)- but down to M' Hale., who out-
"eroded Herodv in the virulence and vehenience of his hatred to
the Protestant church. (Hear, hear.) If he and others of the
p
"rnan catholic priesthood had contented themselves with giv-
.4 expession, he cared not in what terms, to the asperity of
:eelings towards the church, they might talk of it as bloodsuck-
TR, anti-national, heretical, what they pleased.. But they had
..,,,ueserihed it as a badge of conquest and a token of slavery.
; if it were so, when Government had stripped it of some
`'"'tt parishes, would it not still remain as much a badge of con-
'Pest and token of slavery as before ? (Hear hear.) Would
It not continue to be so until it was utterly exterminated from
the land ? Undoubtedly it Would, and the course would be this
'O-morrow a' little more of the ornamental foliage (as it would be.
styled) would be torn from the tree • then there would next be
Blade au incision or two in the stern ;' then would the bark be
stripped off, and at last the enemy would -come with the deadly
axe to strike at the root and cast down the trunk and throw it
94 the fire. (Hear, hear.) Did-their lordships, then, suppose
It possible to pacify the Roman Caiholics ?"

To night, we believe, is 9xed.for the return of the
municipal corporations bill from the House of Lords to
the House of Commons, What reception- it will` meet
v 4, ith from their Highilltightinesses THE; TWoMmtt4f,,irtto:
