JULY- 2L 1535.

TReASONABLE—CONDUCT OF THS
The public indignation ought to be manifested without a mos
tnent's-delay at the atrocious attack that bas been made on the
King, through the medium of the leading whig paper, the/Worst-
ing chronicle of Tuesday last. It is impossible for any loyal
subject to suffer such an overt-act of treason to escape public
detestation. This it indeed a mark of the spirit of the times, as
displayed by a desperate and reckless faction ! ttnd the bold-
ness of this open attack is still more confirmed by public placards,
one of which. blazingly exhibited, at the end of Newgate-street,
opposite the Post-office, was thus expressed, "A Protector loan r'
—printed with the largest type, in black letters, on a scarlet
ground. It behoves all loyal subjects to rally round the throne
immediately, in order to afford his Majesty protection against
the ministers who thus think fit to insult' and vilify him. The
direct and unreserved taunts which they make use of,,and the
threats which they have the insolence thui openly to publish,.
require a prompt and immediate repudiation from the public,
that his Majesty may be enabled and encouraged to treat the
authors of these treasonable practices in the manner they de-
serve. The public peace and the Welfare of the copntry require
it ; and it is hoped there will be no want of inclination to afford
the. strongest proofs of a determination to come forward and
support the throne.—Age.
Burcnaas' HORSES. —Few things in a country life are more
remarkable than the wild, triumphant, reckless speed with which
a butcher's boy sweeps along the streets, and roads, and lanes,
whether mounted, or in a rumbling, jolting cart, no accident
ever happening, although it seems inevitable that the young
gentleman must either kill or be killed, (perhaps both) every
day of his life. How the urchins manage, Heaven knows !
but they do contrive to get holies on in a manner that pro-
fessed jockeys would envy, and *ith an appearance of ease to
the animal,- and an evident enjoyment in the rider,,which pro-
duce sympathy rather than indignation in the lookers.on. It le
seldom that an affair of plain, sober, serious business, (and the
bringing us'our dinner does certainly belong to the most serious
business of life,) is transacted with such"" overfloatiitig delight=-
such gay, gallant, inexpressible good humour. The following
anecdote (communicated by a friend) may serve to illustrate
their peculiar dexterity in putting a steed on its mettle. --A
gentleman of fortune, residing in Berkshire, who prides him-
self very highly on the superiority of his horses, was greatly
struck by the trotting of a roadster, belonging to a butcher in
his neighbourhood. The owner, however, refused to part with
the animal, till an offer of seventy guineas proved 'irresistible,
and the gentleman mounted his prize in high glee. To his
utter astonishment, however, the brute could not be prevailed
upon to exceed an ordinary amble. Whip and spur were tried
in vain. For weeks he persevered in the hopeless attempt, and
attest, he went in despair to the butcher, rating him in good set
terms for having. practised an imposition. " Lord bless vim,
sir," said the knight of the eleaver;. "he can trot as well as
ever. .Here Tom," continued he, -calling to his boy, " get on
his back." The youngster was scarcely idthe saddleoshen off
the pony shot like an arrow. " How the.--deuce is this ?" in-
quired the astonished purchaser. "'Why he will trot just as
fast with yon," returned the butcher, chuckling; "only you,
must curry the basket !"-1 need hardly add, that the gentle-
man, not being able to comply with the condition, .was forced
to make the best bargain he could with the original proprietor
of the-steed.--Sperismais and Veterinary Surgeon's Magazine.
RIOT AT • eota-GLAscow.--Ort MOndav evening last, a
serious riot took place at Port-Glasgow. Thi.oughout the day,
a number of idle people thronged the streets; and about half-
past IQ o'clock, on a preconcerted signal, they mustered in
small parties, and, in a few minutes, amounted to somewhere
about 90 or 100, armed with sticks, bludgeons, and other wea-
pons,'when they commenced an attack on every person they
met, knocking
.down, cutting, and otherwise ill using them.
The Alarm Bell was rung, when the inhabitantsassembled, and
drove the party out of town, they taking the road to Greenock.
The mob assembled at the head of the Lanes leading from King
Street to Fore Street—marcbed'down Church Street and Lyon's
Lane, and formed six deep in Fore Street—marched westward
along Fore Street and Shore Street, shouting and halooing, and
flourishing their bludgeons. About fourteen persons were seri-
ously hurt—three of them dangerously wounded—ode of them
Stabbed in the thigh, and another in the face; but as the business
is in the hands of the Sheriff and Fiscal, we, at-present, abstain
from saying more than that the party were Roman, Catholics,
who pretended that their meeting was to attack on- Orange pro-
cession, which they say was intended. Several of the rioters
are in custody.—Scottish Guardian.
THE REV. ROBERT NEWTON. —This much-esteemed and
valued minister has lately been the subject of inflammation of
the lungs. The most efficient medical aid being within his
reach, and active treatment being adopted, by the blessing or
God, on the means employed, we have reason to believe that his
life is considered out of danger. We have a deep apprehension,
however, as to the results of this misfortune; both because the
bangs will for a time be left weak and irritable, and because that
kind of exposure to which Mr. Newton's active habits render
him peculiarly liable, will necessarily limit his future exertions.
—Watchman.
NOVEL LACNEH.—There was on Thursday afternoon con-
veyed upon a carriage from the manufactory of Messrs. Tod &
M'Gregor, engineers, to one of the cranes at the Broomielaw,
a small iron steamer, having all her machinery and equipments.
complete, and her steam up. She was at once lowered into the
river, and immediately proceeded on a trial trip. This hand-
some little vessel is of tea horse power, and has been constructed
by Messrs. Tod & M'Gregor for river navigation, to which she
appears admirably adapted, her draft of water being about 20
inches. She is named the " Plata," and is, we understand, to
be carried on the deck of a sailing vessel, her whole weight
being under ten tons.—Scottish Guardiaa.
POPERY IN AsstiucA.—We are much gratified to find from
the Protestant Vindicator of New York, the Rev. J. A. James;
of Birmingham, encouraging his American friends in their op-
position to popery. The following appears in that paper for
Feb. 25, of this year. Would that Mr. James and his friend*
could act as decided a part for protestanism at home ! " Popery
has directed a longing eye to that immense tract of land,. the-
Valley of the Mississippi, and has already felt the inward
heaving_ ambition to compensate-herself for her losses in the
old world, by her conquests in the new. Tell them, that it will
be a darker blot in their chronicles, than even the long cOn-
tinned system of slavery, if they permit the rapid, and swelling,
and rolling tide of human beings, that is flowing towards that
part of your territory, to be received into the begs and Marshes-
of Romanism. Should this be the case, rid part °flour la4dt
will be safe, and a pestilential exhalation will arise, that will
Aiffuse the moral mania over your whole country." Popery is
so rapidly increasing in Detroit, that the priests are about esta-
blishing a newspaper to attack the Protestants. At Munro a
new Mass-house is building, which will cost 30,000 dollars, one
half of which has been sent from Europe. The. Nunnery, which
was formerly under the management of Samuel B. Inuth,
which was broken rip on account of the licentiousness of the.
nuns, is to be re-established. The following circumstance will
prove that papists in America are ready to kill any persons
who become protestrints. A young popish girl went to reside
with a protestant, and soon alter became so disgusted with the
impudent behaviour, and filthy questions asked her at confes-
sion by the priest, that she would not go to him any more. This
enraged the priest, and her parents, and other relatives. She
then attended the sabbath school and protestant worship. Her
father one Sunday followed her, and publicly threatened- to
take her life, and it was with 'difficulty she escaped his popish
vengeance.—Michigan.— Protestant -Journal.
King Otho assumed the sovereignty of Greece on the Ist ult.,
but, according to letters from Athens received at Trieste, he
has nut made so favourableari impression on the Greeks as had
been expected. His refusal to conform to the Greek church
has excited particular displeasure. Some of the Bavaria'ns are
not so inflexible as their sovereign. "Travellers from Larissa,"
according to the German papers, " say that in the month of
March nearly eighty Bavarian deserters from the neighbour-
hood of Zeituni had come to that place, who had embraced the
Mahammedauv religion, and carried on their trades there. It
was said that their number was still greater, but several had
gond to Thessalonica, where the European consuls, in order to
put an end to the scandal, had taken measures to send them
speedily away. This apostacy from christianity hid so incensed
the Greek population, that affrays frequently took place be-
tween them."

CHANCERY S UITORS.—On Saturday, in the Vice-Chancellor's
Court, considerable interest was excited by the appearance in
the' court of a remarkably fine family, consisting of eleven boys
and girls, the oldest of whom did not appear more than eleien
years of age. The object of their appearance was to petition the
court in person, to be allowed to put in their answer, by their
next of kin, to a bill filed against them in that court. The
prayer of the petition, as a matter of course, was granted. '
Napoleon said one day, speaking of a man who all his life long
was unlucky, " he fallen on his back, I verily believe he
would have broken his nose."—French paper.

TIMBER DuTiEs.—llls Majesty's ministers have declared
that it is not their intention to interfere with the present Kale
of timber duties this year.
• Loss OF THE ELIZA.—The underwriters at Lloyd's, London,
have sustained a very heavy loss by the wreck of the Eliza, on
her homeward voyage from Canton to London, with a valuable
cargo of teas. This vessel had been missing for some time, and
the owners of the ship and cargo have, in the apprehension of a
total loss, insured nearly to their full risk. On Friday policies
were effected at sixty guineas per cent, The Eliza was lost on
the Paracels, in the China seas, according to information re-
ceived in London On Satuiday.
HIGH COURT OF JUST mt.% rty,GLascow.—On Monday week
Elizabeth NV:Niel was tried and convicted of the crime of poi-
soning her husband by administering arsenic to him. .L'hes
evidence adduced was chiefly of a circumstantial character,..but
strikingly connected. Sentence of death was passed upon her,
which. will be executed on the 3d August.—William Grindley.
pleaded guilty of iii assault of •ft most Atrocious charm:ltalia..
three girls, the el lest of whom was only nine years of age. 'Ais
was sentenced to fourteen years' transportation.
EXECUTION s.T EDINBURGH.—James Bell was executed one
Monday week, at Edinburgh, for the murder of Serjeant-Major
Moorhead of the 6th Dragoon Guards, in which regiment Belt
was a private soldier. fbe unfortunate culprit was very
penitent.
WEFT,EYAN CONFERiNCE.—The general sittings of the Wes
leyan Methodist Conference will commence at Sheffield in the
morning of Wednesday, the 20th instant. The Ile-v. 'Richard
Reece is expected to be chosen president. The stationing, and
other preliminary committees are already beginning to assemble.
Hon mete MURDER NEAR Yonx.—Thomas Robinson, aged
27, the .arnekeeperto Paul B. Thompson, Esq., M.P., of Esrick,
was, on 'Thursday morning last, most inhumanly murdered. He
resided at Kexby, six miles from York, and had been from nine
o'clock on Wednesday night, till the following morning, at a
neighbour's house, paving his addresses to a respectable voting
female. He left there in good spirits, anal was never afterwards
seen alive. Two gun-shots were heard soon after he left the
house, and about twelve o'clock at noon. on Thursday, his
lifeless body was found on Dunnington Common, about 300
yards from the house. His throat was dreadfully cut, and there
was a bruise on the left arm. His gun was found in an adjoin-
ing field, and his hat, coat, and waistcoat in I hree other places.
It is supposed that he had pursued some poachers, and thrown
off his clothes, as was his habit; and there is every rtsason to
believe that inure than one person has been concerned in the
murder. The deceased was a powerful, determined man, and
was greatly esteemed by his employer and al! his neighbours.
An inquest was held on the body on Thursday, and adjourned
to Friday. After the inquest was adjourued, at twelve o'clock
on Thursday night, the witnesses were examined by Mr. Preston,
privately, :and soon after a young man, a farmer in the neigh-
bourhood, named Morley, was apprehended, conveyed to York,
and lodged in the House of Correction,--Leeds Intelligrecer.
REPRESENTATION OF Or,Dil M.—A. rumour has prevailed
during the week that Mr. Fielden, M.P. for Oldham, disheart-
ened by the loss of his political crutch, the late Mr. Cobbett,
and chagrined at the failure of the " intine,nee" he exerted in
favour of Cobbett the Second, is about to resign the representa-
tion of that immaculate borough. We fear the wig, of some
honest elector has given birth to the thoug,ht, and that the days
of emancipation are not yet come or coming. Mr. Jesse Ains-
worth, however, whose qualifications for the office it surpasses
our feeble powers, and probably those of every other mortal cave
himself, to discover, is a candi-late for the not yet vacant office,
and boasts (or rather did boast well nigh a week since) that he
has obtained the promise of 260 votes. Who shall doubt it
ItiOldhain all things are possible, and it were very fitting that
the mantle of Mr. John Belden should fall upon the shoulders
of Mi. Jesse Ainsworth. But the fates, we bee , have in this
case otheiwise decreed. Should Mr. Fielden happila beim:laced
to resign, a second conservative vs-ill be brought riirssard and
(Mr. Fitton willing !) will be returltrd.--.--Mamhe.o
