.11:NE 2,8, 1833

To CORRESPONDENTS.
:I'6 letter of a Stranger l;)61:s very mach like an _advertise-
e h
-.Jett. "le received an extremely long but 'very interesting
-4111 addressed to some noble lord, whose, name not given,
, e subject of the West India.question. In its present state
b4.44113'' know what to do with it.
At's rhymes are not quite piquant enough for his subject.
but IVe
nnot make room for J. F. of Oldham's communication,.
R'6
shall be glad to hear from him again when he can favour us
anythinr, exclusivel
.0 - y .

''fu tibtrpool ran lard.

PILIDAY MORNING, JUNE 23, 1833.

415011 t the war in Portugal, the acts of piracy on its
%hot
t es, and the feats of murder and robbery in Oporto,
;Or st.
15_ the sake of constitutional principles and one Dos
pit
0, formerly of Brazil, we have nothing to commu-
Zate but what may be found in the following letter from
TPlymouth correspondent :
te:PtymorTH, 24th JUNE, 1833:—The George IV. steamer,
elitlY purchased for the service of Don Miguel, arrived here
mla
•torn Bristol, with men to join the Portuguese fleet in
toe Tabus, and to take in about fifty others waiting her arrival
dat l' age to Lisbon, also, to join the fleet. Our correspon-
aat inaptly observes that this is turning the tables,' and
)13.- eaa easily imagine that now the 'field is open Miguel will
Liyue, the means of adding as many mercenaries to his forces as
other has done, thus by foreign aid neutralizing the efforts
o,tr
4e Pedroite faction. The Plymouthians it appears are not
tlittle
Xe amused at the reaction,—some of these gallant sons of
iit„Pt'atte having tried their fortunes under the emperor with but
le taste of reward and too much of the cat! It is, however,
ttrzgelsing to perceive to what unuatuFal extremes this fraternal
ire is tending, and we cannot but feel ashamed of a cause
The briogs British spirits in mortal conflict on foreign shores.
state `atest arrivals from Oporto merely confirm the most recent
leuellients made in the journals, but up to the time of the post
tito,LIIR Plymouth, nothing of any moment had transpired,
NI arrivals from the coast were hourly expected."

e have received New York papers to the9thi nstant.
The trial of the Reverend Mr. AVERY (of the Methodist
c oiexion) for murder, which lasted sixteen days,. was
tiriNglit a termination on Sunday, the 2d instant, by
thejlqrn bringing in a verdict of " Not Guilty." The
At °te
- continued to rage in some of the southern states.
heeling, eeling, during the last three days of May, thirty.
new cases had been reportdd, of which fourteen
'4l,ended fatally.
persh: Atayoville Eagle, of the 31st ult. states that " ten
41i QS:were interred within the • preceding forty-eight
teh.ll:l and that " nine were lying dead and to be n-
ila the next morning." The next day the same paper
th:t`lie following 'observations :—" We are happy to state
the disease appears to be more manageable and
tver
Itthis morning. Business of all kinds has ceased."
sitedts singular enough that about the time we were .
°1 the late severe storm, America also had her hur-
-41.
• The Philadelphia Gazette says-,,
,
visit^tter three weeks of almost incessant rain, we have been
thisell itawi_itb the most destructive hurricane ever witnessed in
thebourhood. 'lt commenced yesterday afternoon, near
ielutis'uscluehannah river, in this township, accompanied with
bab(lllually heavy rain, and passing eastwardly. It was about
taikl.kile in width, and levelled in its course dwelling-hduses,
115siss. orchards, fences, &c. Ten barns and five dwelling-
-114;" have been thrown down in its course through this town-
4any orchards have been entirely destroyed. I am
py tiff gate, that so far as I have heard, no lives are lost,
'141,a7 several persons have been seriously injured. lam not
tsisks-Oted with the- complete extent of its ravages beyond this
fire to P; but sofa as r hive heard,:it "his been alike destruc-
an.„
Case Papers
lil Papers also furaish us with the following from
" ape de Verd islands :;-s
de Y the brig Selina and Jane, which arrived at Salem
accounts have been received from the Cape
liittie‘l islands to the 4th.of May. The famine still continues,
ItheieetLatlY in the island of St. Antonio and St. Nicholas,
ttok -,,llatabers are daily perishing. Many had been preserved
• I,llqesat.h. by • •sent from this country."
the supplies 9f previsions .
kttet, Citizens of the republic are beginning to turn their
alkr-Li°4 to the slave question with something like
cNt.ll' and look forward with much anxiety to the pro-
Igs of the British Parliament. What follows will
be
Unacceptable to our readers :
Lie following is an extract of a- letter from an old and intel.
•shPmaster, who has been in every quarter of the globe
lie 1-I.lela much of men and manners, to a gentleman in this city. been long a resident and trader in the West Indies, and
kt4:44 is better acquainted with the character of that commu-
Ak It may be proper to add, that he is a genuine philan-
A',74l3ti a gentleman of unaffected piety and moral worth.—
'iasen Herald. " St:' Kitts,. May 14, 1833.
Gies `.'ll request me, if 'I have leisure, to state my views of the
isi,:titit situation and future prospects of the British West India
khob 3;
and how the proposition of the British Parliament to
1,14 411 slavery is viewed; and what will be the effect upon the
acre,l and upon the slaves.'
t4eset;W reqUire a volume, my dear sir, to answer fully
l'(41 `llquiries; I must confine myself to a few brief remarks.
the 1;: aware that many years of my life have been spent in
that 81 Indies—and from all that I have seen, and from all
Tout; ean reasonably anticipate, I would reply to the last of,
tthat..llcluiries—' What will be the effect on planters and slaves?'
tiikk 111nediate emancipation will impoverish the planter, and
the slave miserable.
very few in this part of the British West- Indies are
'Nate ,() object to the abolition of slavery, provided that ade-
tO 1):1111111eration is made to slave holders, and allow slavery
t,46-"la extinct by a gradual process—a process that will
Pep slave the slave to know the value of freedom—to be able to
se
°,ll his own resources, and provide for himself. Such a
s, believe, is not only practicable, but attended with
Nati jess difficulty than immediate emancipation. Immediate
~ithet-Pati°n has a thousand conflicting interests to contend
13111;;° the slave it would be inevitable ruin—and a few years
t4sle 14,14 be necessary to annihilate half the race. Should
I,4l:ltittcletitZle,m_arneipation take place, Great Britain will have
herself a blow,
from which she can never recover :
"etz, Calercial greatness and prosperity will have departed
' and she must sink from the high station she now
or '4' a lower place in the scale of nations.
Britain has been pursuing a mad course, reckless of
.M4ce,?ees, which, if persisted in, must hasten her fall, and
th.e. ,es slave
litivaqtti Istate Population of her colonies to the same de-
OPoverty and crime that exists among so large a
ti thof her subjects at home.
etc) :PS You will think this strange language for an Ame.
• ; but I have been in both countries. Ilere, slavery
dare, BtB but in name—there, is seen and felt its dire effects.
the ,
h. slave is
til„ Jr of the
furnished with every necessaiy, and with
0.'44 a,s,' comforts and even luxuries of life. If sick, he is
'rstelma attended by a physician,—if well, he labours mo-
:hiy4l about nine hours in the day—he has much time to work
ti:•4'ttailedif.--s'ale of them possess a little property of their
the appear at church on Sunday decently attired. Is
114 `l
bitt 40
tale with the labouring classes of England?
i•ep not,
my dear sir, suppose that I am an advocate for
14ktitti,3;;•-nrciarfrom it. Slavery in the abstract I abhor; but it
the question is how to get out of it. In doing this,
ti,,4414
ac !!• done to the slave as well as his master; and no man
41146 rejoice to see it banished from the world, and par-
, 'rem our OWTI country."

hi5__........---
Nri,sl 11°11 as clear as day that the Tories have the Whigs
iR i''etely at their mercy in the House of Lords, andlei!
414:lually clear that the people, and the whole peopme
\VIZ t° a man, have the greatest aversion to thes!nsathe
110:8 atirl. their packed and pliant majorities
totida 4:lCoannorrs. The hour therefore _of their' final
innation is drawing near ; - " And when theyiall, they fall like Lucifer, •
Th,„ _ Wever.toilope again:"- .
1/4:l'ttor.., l'turn of the Conservatives to power is almostl-an a
eettainty.. -The.
Whigs have had a fair tria ,
.nd-
tokh,t:roved to demonstration that they are totally
hasl
141triillit. .egovern this country. 1-121Peril'Y
a_
:14 all i professions, ignorance- all their. mileich
44') 4nd, a'fter.nearly three years' experience, in m
klil 4"
.itleee'eded blunder,
)4, Powerless',
indomita-
more by the force
they .are laid prostrate.
of their own
ki444Pidity thin
ene-
by the assaults of their political .
ire .8,11. 'lttrqu'r was right when he said that the Whigs
their (311',.' capable of building a wall against which to.runf 144. °l'll heads a thereby their paucity o
143. • . . an expose
'iVe
tNe 're 110 of those who are most anxious to see the
411% ttlst oiinisters expelled from office. Their folly, it is
hag been rendered manifest to the nation at large
k'ett:°°ller than we calculated upon; but still we should
°lli. 4e!ing them remain where they are to do that
l'')t • I'vb'cit must make them far more odious, if that be
fp., 4'ble 1.1
-41. t, , lan they are at the present moment. But we
',,fi'lat the wish for this consummation is unreasonable',
t Y be
Nqy cause it is impossible. Lord ALTLIORP has al-
4ttot tal'en flioht from the House of Commons,.and has
di • b
titlY removed from the Treasury bench one of

the ornaments dedicated tO dullness in that bright assem-
bly. leaves, the tribune to Mr. STANLEY, either from
a consciousness that he had committed himself on the
church robbery .bill, or because he disapproves of the
concessions which Ministers have been compelled to
make. But be this as it may, the noble Lord has ab-
sented himself from the house in an extraordinary and
suspicious manner, and left-the youngest member of the
Cabinet to fight single-handed the desperate battle of the
ministry. We take for granted, therefore, that this re-
tirement
from his parliamentary is only preliminary to
his retirement from his official duties, and the final swamp ,
of the incapable administration.
The way being consequently open to the Conserva-
tives whenever they feel-disposed to apply the spur, we
may as well devote a second or two in inquiring how
their return to office would be relished by the great. mass
of the population. The times, we admit, are deplorably
out of joint, and although the late political tempest only
rages in our recollections—although the torrent has
ceased to roar, and the sound of the anvil is at present
louder in Birmingham than the sweet voices of her un-
washed tinkers—still what has been may again come to
pass, and the bludgeon 'and the brickbat be once more
the offensive and defensive weapons of apopular adminis-
tration. All this is within the range of possibility ; and,
as the reformers of Bristol sang the praises of GREY and
BROUGHAM amid the burning ruins of that !city, the re-
formers of London may reflect the same honour on HUME
and O'CONNELL from the blazing. turrets of St. James's
Palace and Westminster Abbey. hbullitions of political
madness are now as common as. instances of fraud or
violated pledges; and, in making way for the Conser-
vatives, it is proper to guard ourselves against the im-
prudence of asking from them too much or too little in
favour of public opinion. Whether it be for good or for
evil, the time has gone by when we respected the ancient
and simple landmarks of the constitution—when we
would allow no man to question the utility of a system
which no man understood, 'and when we were so fasti-
dious and so intensely jealous- •as -to cling to admitted
blemishes and obvious defects, rather than put to hazard
the sound parts by cutting away or repairing the rotten.
The error here certainly was on the safe side ; but still
we- were overweeningly conservative ; everything was
undergoing a change except our judicial code and our
political principlei; and While for more than twenty
years we seemed to have no 'other employment than to
devise new modes of taxation, and impose fresh burthens
on the people, we never for an instant conceived that it
was the duty of a statesman. to remove, during a period
of peace, grievances which had been cheerfully sub-
mitted to in a period of war.
Reader l be pleased to recollect that these are the sen-
timents of an OLD TORY Who, carefully watching the
signs of the times, deems it to he his duty to place them
upon record, at a crisis when the return to office of the
only men fit to rule England is by no means improbable.
The Tories have nothing to apprehend from the people— .
nothing from- even the most ultra-Radicals—and if they
would condescend to yield on two or three points, involv-
ing grievances repeatedly urged, and legal reforms impe-
riously required, their return to power would be hailed
as a blessing by every man in the three kingdoms, who is
not a Whig, or a kinsman of the GREYS. Colonel
EVANS, the member for Westminster, and the successor of
Sir Jowl HOBHOUSE, favoured the Conservatives with a
hint,' the other night, which they would do well to act
upon. The gallant Colonel stated that if the Tories
were again admitted to pOwer and " would repeal some
of the taxes 'most odious to the people, they would have
no difficulty in carrying on the Government." This is
precisely our own opinion. They would experience no
difficulty whatever. The nation would rejoice to witness
any change which would remove the present incapables,
and avert ,the calamities which impend over the nation.
How easy would it be to find a substitute. tax for the
house - and window ditties,for the receipt stamps,—
and a few other vexatious imposts which yield little, and
only keep in employment a legion of clerks, collectors
and comissioners, who areas iniPOflunate as mendicants,
and as arbitrary as despots. •If the Conservatives would
but prove to the people that they are alive to the in-
justice of these *obnoxious and unpopular taxes, and
determined to repeal them, they would do more.to silence
Opposition and satisfy the country, than all the church
robbery and West India robbery schemes of the present
administration.

There is another subject on which the Tories might
acquire much popularity and do at the same time an im-
portant service to the state, both as regards public morals
and universal benevolence.: We allude to the Solicitor-
General's bill for the abolition of imprisonment for debt.
An excellent article on this subject, taken from the Li-
terary Gazette, will be found in another page. The num-
ber of poor persons hunted to death by swindlers and
sharking attorneys in England is a great reproach to the
schoolmaster and the country. The number of unfortu-
nate wretches shut up in these dens of vice and sinks of
infamy, for small sums, where they in too many instances
starve and die, is almost incredible, and the tolerance of it
is a national sin. It is true that many debtors richly de-
serve punishment; but it is a merciless and an unjust law
which confers the power and degree of punishment upon
the injured party. The greater proportion so imprisoned
by unrelenting creditors are far more sinned against than
sinning—are the dupe's of. professional villains—are im-
prisoned sometimes to'gratify an unworthy revenge, and
sometimes for the purpose of extorting money from the
relatives or friends of the debtor.

If imprisonment for debt were abolished there would
be less employment for dishonest lawyers—fewer cases of
extortion—less litigation—and far more prudence and
integrity in the ordinary dealings between man and man.
No tradesman • or shopkeeper is compelled to sell his
goods upon credit; and in many instances be is only
tempted to do so because he knows that the law gives him
a hold upon the person, and that the fear of a gaol extorts
an unreasonable demand which be never would have dared
to make if he had not sold his goods to a doubtful or
tardy payer. In this way the really honest and creditable
are taxed by their tradesmen to make good the losses in-
curred under the et edit system. Thousands of young
men are ruined by it at the universities at the very dawn
of life. Gaols seem built merely that attorneys may
thrive. Rogues of every feather live by the system
The young are imposed upon, and the simple are duped
Many a poor man is sent to prison for a debt under 205.,
where he remains perhaps 'for months, while his wife and
children are thrown •upon the parish; thus the debt is
paid ten times over in the shape of poor rates, and the
prisoner is deprived of wages which would have enabled
him not only to discharge the debt but to prevent the
odium of pauperism cast upon his family, where it fixes
itself like a brand for ever.

If the Conservatives would take the advice of a very
humble but zealous and sincere ally they would come for-
ward in a boldinanner, and by giving their support to
the Solicitor-General, wash away this dark spot in our
civil code; and deprive the shopocracy of an iron rod
which they have long wielded with unsparing
..and even
malignant severity.

We suspect the public are now a little enlightened on
the subject of trade unions; and if we are not mistaken,
many of the working clasSeS are a little wiser than they
were when the impudent_ letters to their masters were
dictated, a few weeks ago, and if these letters do not
rouse tha public to assist the masters in overthrowing
this abominable coMbination, •we shall think their som-
nambulism deep indeed. _ _ _

. Having a sincere regard for the working classes gene-
rally, and acknowledging our impression that very great
numbers of them have been induced to join these unions
through false representations or by fear, we would in-
treat them to begin and think for themselves, and not
suffer their families to be brought to want and misery
through stubbornness and foolishness.
Do they suppose that gentlemen will ever permit their
tradesmen to send their private engagements to a club-
room, to be examined by a knot:of drunken blackguards,
Who have been discarded by every respectable master in
town, but who form themselves into a committee forsooth
—clothe themselves in gowns and turbans; a la Turc, and
place a sentry, sword in hand, .at the door of their club-
room, and dictate lawS "like those of the Medes and
Persians, which alter not ?" Are they really comps

am..
