THE?, LINTEnvooL sTANDARD

MAYNOOTH COLLEGE.

SPEECH OF THE REV. H. M'NEILE AT THE
ASSEMBLY-ROOMS, BATH,
(From the Bath Chronicle.)
On Tuesday last, pursuant to advertisement, a public
meeting was held at the Assembly-rooms, in this city,
for the purpose of petitioning Parliament against any
further grants of publiC money to the Roman Catholic
College at Maynooth. The meeting took place'in the
large room, which was filled. The great mass of the
attendance was of the highest respectability, and on the
platform was assembled a most numerous body of the
clergy and influential gentlemen of Bath and its neigh-
bourhood.

After an eloquent speech from the Rev. R. J.
M 'Ghee,
Rev. It uGli APNEILE then presented himself amid loud
cheering, and spoke to the following effect—l am not in the
least surprised that these gentlemen should deny the statements
just made by my rev. brother. 'They have never been told by
their own clergy that such principles are held in their church.
Why, I ask, are these canons, and decretals, and class books of.
ethics and theology, kept in au unknown tongue? (Hear.) Be-
cause the priesthood are ashamed to let the laity know the dark
vows by which they are bound. (Cheers.) These gentlemen,
therefore, never hearing, in these days, such sentiments avowed
by their clergy, sincerely believe that it is calumny in us, to
ascribe to them such sentiments. These, however, are the un-
rescinded principles of the Church of Rome, though not always
avowed because it is not always conducive to " ecclesiastical
utility" to avow them. (Cheers.) We hope sincerely that
these gentlemen will catechise their clergy upon these points,
because we regret that they should be deceived by false pre-
tences to a change for the better, in the unchangeable, the in-
fallible, and, of course, unimprove ible Church of Rome. Sir,
I had not intended to say anything either upon the subject of
the requisition which invited us here, or our motives in coining.
Our motives, so far as we ourselves are personally concerned,
are of a description which can be appreciated only by persons
capable of bring actuated by such motives themselves. But it
may be right to address a few words of vindication to persons of
a very different character, who, judging of us by themselves,
are ready to accuse us of being actuated by worldly mercenary
objects. (Shouts of "so you are.") What objects? Now
suppose I wanted to he made a bishop ; Itell you what I would
do; instead of attending such meetings as this, I would keep
myself quiet, and write a plausible pamphlet in defence of the
• Irish Education Board. (Cheers.) Sir, you have heard much
to-day of the tremendous assumptions of the Roinish Church,
in arrogating authority over kings and nations. It is important
tQ inquire where such assumptions could have originated. They
are mere inventions without any apparent basis. They are
grounded upon a perversion of holy scripture, and I grieve to
be obliged to add the lamentable fact, that Protestants have
been very generally betrayed into, and are now quietly acqui-
escing in that perversion- a perversion which has given Roinish
controversialists such a vantage ground on one most important
subject, as must have crowned their cause with complete
victory, but for the flagrant opposition to Scripture exhibited
in other features of their system. The subject I allude to is the
alleged visibility and catholic authority of the Christian Church.
They quote Isaiah ii. 2,.3. " It shelf come to pass in the last
days that the mountain of the Lord's house shall be established
in the top of the mountains, and shall he exalted above the
hills ; and all nations shall flow unto a. And many people-shall
go and say, Come ye and let us go up to the mountain of the
Lord, to the house of the God of Jacob : and he will teach us of
his ways, and will walk in his paths: for out of Zion shall go
forth the law, and the word of the Lord from Jerusalem." To
this they add many parallel passages which abound in the
holy prophets, and then they boldly assert that Zion and Jeru-
salem signify the Roman Catholic Church. because nothing but
the visibility of that church, and its notoriety among all na-
tions, is. or can be, the fulfilment of that prophecy. Their
argument fairly stated, is this. And I have no wish to
understate it, much less to misrepresent it. (Cheers.)—
No, sir, I would not condescend to deception, even if it could
ensure victory; which, however, it never can; for true more-
Jay will ever be found the best policy. (Cheers.) Their argu-
ment is this. It is clear from the words of the Prophet, that
• the design of God was that Zion should be as a mountain on
the top of the mountains, with all nations flawing towards it,
and- receiving instruction from it. This implies locality and
visibility, and notwithstanding its locality, Zion is to possess
universal influence, that is, to have catholicity. Where and
• how has this been fulfilled ? The Christian Church, as defined
by Protestants, is either inpisible, if they mean the elect people
of God : or particular, if they mean any visible national branch
of the baptised. • But none of them have ever given or even can
give, an account of what they call the Church, possessing the
combined marks of visibility and universality. These marks are
combined in the Prophet's description of Zion. These marks
are combined in the Roman Catholic Church, in a greater de-
gree at least than in any thing else; therefore the Roman Ca-
tholic Church agrees nearest with the Scriptural description of
the Zion or true Church of God. How is this to be answered ?
It is a grave question, and one with which I earnestly desire
that our Protestant controversialists should fairly grapple.
(Ilear.) To say that the language of the prophecy is,figura-
tive, will not be sufficient. What do the figures mean ? A
mountain is an image for something having a locality, a visible
thing, very visible and from a great distance. It would be a
perversion of all sound interpretation, and of the genius of all
imagery, to say that a mountain is a figure fur something invi-
sible, and without any fixed locality. The question recurs,
what does it mean ? It is connected in the prophecy, with
" the house of the God of Jacob." And all nations shall flaw
unto it. This is figurative. The meaning is added by the.
Prophet in simpler language, verse 3. Taken together, the
prophecy means that the thing, whatevei it is, intended by the
mountain, shall have in itself locality and visibility, and in its
influence universality over all nations. Now these marks are
nut combined in any view that has ever yet been given of the
Christian Church.- Not iq the election of erase, for it wants
visionny. Not in the visible Church of Antioch, or c;artnage,
or Geneva, or England, for each of these' want universality.
But it is alleged by Roman Catholic controversialists, that all
these are combined in the Church of Rome, and on this ground
they maintain her to be the true and only Church of God, in
which the prophecy is fulfilled. This is the strength of their
case;_ unquestionably it demands au answer, and I do repeat
that Protestants generally have acquiesced in such a fatal per-
version of Scripture as deprives them of the power of giving a
full, fair, and satisfactory answer. If Zion mean anything in
the Gentile churches, there is a prima facie presumption that it
is Rome, arising out •of the fact that only Rome has either
exercised or claimed to exercise anything at all like the autho-
rity which is here predicted. Let us try then, wheth4r the pro-
phecy is indeed fulfilled in the visible locality of Rome, and the
wide-spread almost universality of Pepery. How shall we try ?
In the fairest way imaginable, by quoting the remainder of the
prophecy; for Roman Catholic controversialists all stop in the
middle of it. The next clause is, "And he shalt judge amoug
the nations, and shall rebuke many people : and they shall beat
their swords into ploughshares, and their spears into pruning
hooks : nation shall not lift sword against nation, neither shall
they learn war any more." These are figures also, but they
mean something. Who can hesitate to decide that they mean
universal peace ? Has this been fulfilled in any sense ? Has
actual war ceased ? Has moral war ceased ? Has controversy
ceased ? No, no. To the marks of Zion according to the pro-
phecy, we must add PEACE : perfect and permanent peace among
all the nations, ulto flow towards the mountain. In looking for
the true Zion predicted by the Prophets we are not at liberty to
take some of her characteristics, and omit others to suit our own
purpose. We are bound in rainless to take them all. Visi-
bility, universality, peace ! Where now shall we find the true
Zion of God ? Where is the mountain, or house of the Lord,
or church, or kingdom, whose influence has been a catholicity
of peace, banishing war for ever from among all nations ? Alas,
no where. Wars continue, and rumours of wars, and must
continue, till the second coaling of the Prince of peace. Is the
prophecy false then ? Has the word of the Lord failed ? No,
no such thing. There is a time for all things, and each in its
own order. On what authority do men say that Zion means
anything among the Gentiles ? Where, in the Word of GoJ,
is Zion ever used to signify a Gentile church or kingdom ?
Zion is Mount Zion in Judea, the true visible locality of the
restored Jewish nation. The restored Jewish nation is the
subject of this prophecy and of all its parallels. This prophecy
opens thus ; " The word which Isaiah the son of Amoz saw,
conceining JUDAH and JERUSALEM." The Jewish nation re-
stored to Jerusalem and Mount Zion, will possess all the marks
here laid down. The Lord Jesus Christ come back from
heaven, in like manner as the Apostles saw him go into heaven,
will be in the midst of her, a Priest upon his Throne ; the Gen-
tiles will come to her light, and kings to the brightness of her
rising; yea, all kings shall bow down before her, all nations
shall do her service. In her, and in tier alone, all these marks
will be fully and perfectly realised—visibility, universality,
peace. But now if you desire to see a prophecy of a profane
imitation of this, of an intruder into the House of God blas-
phemously pretending to this divine honour, showing himself as
both King and Priest, and claiming that all kings should bow
down before him, and all nations do him service ; and thereby
incurring swift destruction when Jesus comes King of kings
and Lord of lords—you may lead it in the Apostle's descriptitin
of that man of sin, the son of perdition who sitteth in the Temple
of God, showing himself as if he were Gird. (Hear, hear.)
Here is the anti-christian imitation of the blessed picture
of the Prophet. His visible locality is not the hill of Zion,
but the seven hills of Rome where the whore sitteth. ills
boasted catholicity is not universal adoration of the God
of Jacob, but an adoration, far from universal, of saints
and angels and statues, of the Virgin Mary,-and above all of
the consecrated wafer. He would, if he could, add the mark of
universal peace, by imposing universal submission, silence,
prostration, slavery—the peace not of life and liberty, and pu-,
rity and love, but the peace of the tomb, the stillness and cot!'
ruption of death. Such a peace, thanks be to God, the man of
sin has never been able to impose. (Cheers.) In vain did the
faggot blaze. In vain did the inquisition prolong its tortures.
In vain have lying blandishments, and flatteries, and proles-
slims of charity been substituted for violence. In vain are the
poison and dagzer concealed beneath a cloak of words, smooth
as butter, saying peace, peace. God's witnesses have lived
and spoken. and still live and speak. and this has been and is
their cry—No PEACE WITH ROME ! • (Tremendous cheers.)
No peace so long as Jezebel, that wicked woman, usurps a
vineyard, belonging to another. (Loud cheers.)
Another difficulty in our way, arises from the fact that the
true use of antiquity is not properly understood. (Pear, hear.)
Protestants have very generally discarded all reference to anti-
quity. Finding that the primitive fathers are not to be de-
pended upon as interpreters of Scripture, they have hastily, and
without discrimination refused to refer to them at all. It should,
however, be remembered that there is au essential difference be-
tween an interpreter of doctrine, and a witness to facts. The
ancients, as witness to facts, are indispensable ( Hear.) It is
true, they are not to be depended upon as interpreters. If any
one doubt this, he has only to take up Archbishop Wake's
translation of the Apestolical Fathers, and read such a passage
as this from Barnahas.

"Understanding, therefore, children, these things more fully;
that Abraham, who was the first that brought in circumcision,
looking forward to the Spirit of Jesus, circumcised, having re-
ceived the mystery of three letters. For the scripture says that
Abraham circumcised three hundred and eighty men of his
house. But what, therefore, was the mystery that was made
known unto him? Mark, first the eighteen, and next the three
hundred. For the numeral letters of ten and eight, are IH,
and these denote Jesus. And because the cross was that by
which we were to find grace; therefore he adds three hundred,.
the note of which is 'l' (The figure of his cross.) Wherefore by
two letters h«• signified Jesus, and by the third his cross. He
who has put the engrafted gift of his doctrine within us, knows
that 1 never taught to any one a more certain truth; but 1 trust
that ye are worthy of it."

Being contemporaries of the Apostles did not qualify the
fathers to be interpreters of scripture. This can only be by
the teaching of the holy spirit, and lhe difference between the
language of Paul, and this absurdity of his companion Barna-
has speaks loudly on the subject of inspiration. Supposing
Barnabas or any of the ancients, not to be actually inspired as
the Apostles were, we have now greater advantages as interpre-
ters than they had. 'But surely, though the circumstance of
being alive at the time, did not qualify them to interpret infalli-
bly, it did qualify them to be accurate and true witnesses of
facts,—(hear)—such as the change in the day observed as the
Sabbath, the genuineness and authenticity of the books of the
New Testament. To establish these and such important matters

of fact, an appeal to the testimony of antiquity is indispensable.
This appeal we gladly and feartessly,rnake; and when Roman
Catholic controversialists chalienge us to prove the authenticity
or canonicity of such or such a book of the New Testament,
our answer is, what! do you deny it? If you deny it, and hinge
our discussion thereon, I am ready to prove it; but why cauti-
ously ask proof of what 'Re both admit? We have no contro-
versy upon this point, and you have no right as a Roman Ca-
tholic man, to fence behind an infidel argument. (Cheers.)
I❑ your mouth is no better than a cavil. If vou were a sincere
infidel, I would endeavour to enlighten you by historical evi-
dence, but being a Popish gladiator you must be confined to
your own weapons.

But the deadliest of all the difficulties we have to contend
against in bringing before you the true merits of the question
between Popery and Christianity arises from the worldly apathy
of Protestants. They are at ease, and willing to continue so.
They are unwilling to be disturbed, and when theyare distill bed
for a moment, they harken rather to the apologist for Popery,
who whispers peace, sleep on, than to their own faithful watch-
men, who sound an alarm. Nay, more, we have fallen upon
such reasoning, such enlightened, such consistent days, that
while it is esteemed an infallible proof of liberal principles and
advancing intelligence loudly to protest against every existing
or supposed abuse, however minute, in the Protestant, scriptu-
, ral, and therefore, free institutions of England ; it is denounced
as equally the infallible proof of bigotry, narrow mindedness,
and incurable hostility to all improvement, to protest against
any of the Papal, anti-scriptural, and, therefore, enslaving dog-
mass of the Church of Rome. Reform is the boasted order of
the day. Reform, reform, writes the old, witty, and calcula-
ting revolutionist in his garret. He is all but a beggar, glad to
commit to the press any extravagance which will procure him
a livelihood by the sale of his periodical, and occasionally in-
dulging in day dreams of a golden change to himself, in the
downfall of everything respectable in his country. (Cheers.)
Reform, reform, re-echoes the unfledged politician from the hus-
tings. He does not understand his own words : he has heard of
the movement, and that the movement is popular, and that the
people are the source of power; he loves power dearly, without
perceiving the lurking tyranny of his heart; therefore he courts
the supposed source of power. Consequences to his country are
tame, unwelcome considerations to him. On, on with the move-
ment, he cries, Reform, reform!—(Cheers.) The philanthro-
pist cries reform; the philosopher cries reform; the education.-
ist cries reform. Put all bigotry out of our schools, give us a
national system so liberally in unison with our advancing in-
telligence, not.to say infidellity, that it will contain nothing to
,offend Christian or Pagan, Jew or Greek, Unitarian or Socinian,
Baptist or Quaker, but Open its comprehensive embrace to both•
food and poison, both bane and antidote, and accomplish what
has been a grand desideratum siuce the days of chaos, the bar-
mouious coalition of light and darkness! (Cheering and cries
of bear:) Yes, this is the tone of reform which kindles the
aspiring spirit of the 19th century in England, which is caught
upon the breeze of popular opinion, and wafted on the wings of
the liberal press, from John O'Groat's to the Land's End,
which concentrates its mighty power in St. Stephen's Chapel,
and exhibits its catalogue of peaceful fruits in the Dublin Ga-
zette.—(llear, hear.) Reform, reform! So say we. We are
reformers also; sincere, zealous, out-and-out radical reformers.
We are consistent too, for we' assail at once with our cry for re-
form, that great citidel of canonized corruptions in which reform
is most urgently required. (Cheers.) Where are our poor
puny pretenders to reform? Where are the men who clamour
against the bigotry of forcing scholars to read the word of God,
and are silent, dumb as death against the bigotry of forcing
scholars to read De Lahogue and Bailly and Dens? Are they
hypocrites? or are they cowards? or are they infidels; or have
they become Papists in secret without having the boldness to
avow it? What! strain so violently at English gnats, and swal-
low Popish camels with such Unstraining facility ? 0 rare con-
sistency', 0 admirable reformers! When any favourite tempo-
ral project, any change in our political arrangements, from
which they expect, or find it convenient to say, that they expect
improvement, is the matter in hand; then they are all bustle
and activity and zeal; their cry is agitate, agitate. ( Hear,
hear.) But when the everlasting truth of the Most High God
is the subject, the simplicity of the gospel of the Lord Jesus, or
the integrity and unfettered circulation of the holy Bible, then
they are all quietness, and peace, and charity. Their cry is,
leave us alone, why will you disturb the harmony of society with
your pestilent fanaticism? (Hear, hear.) We reply, is there
not a cause, it sufficient, an urgent cause ? And, nut to seek
fur it in any distant or ambiguous features of the case, dues not
the state of mind which can prompt the inquiry contain iu itself
a cause for interference ? Is there not a cause. in the wide spread
indifference about revealed truth, which applauds infidel doubt-
fulness as humility, and brand the holy assurance of Christian
faith as presumption—thus calling good evil, and evil good,
putting [inlet for sweet, and sweet for bitter, darkness for light
and light for darkness? (Cheers.) But it is retorted against
us, that we cannot agree amongst ourselves, what is truth, and
thus the differences among Protestants are pleaded as an apo-
logy for Popery and infidelity. This retort is wide of the mark,
because there is an essential difference between the varying
preferences fur different branches or proportions of truth, which
exist among us, and the indiscriminate patronage of truth and
falsehood, against which we protest. Doubtless there are differ-
ences of opinion among us. We enjoy the privilege of free-
men. We, read and think, and write, and speak freely; and
not being tyrannically impaled upon any Procustes dimensions
of slavish uniformity, we manifest the natural varieties of
honest minds. (Hear.) And yet, there is a real fundamen-
tal unity of doctrine and experience among us, and among
all scriptural Christians of every name and clime. For, de-
spite of all the ridicule which' has beets heaped upon the
distinction by persons desirous of confounding right and wrong,
we must still maintain the reality and justice of the distinction
between fundamental truths which constitute the essence of our
common Christianity, and incidental points, which however they
may affect the wellbeing, do not affect the being of the Christian
Church. I was much struck with that saying of Lord Bacon,
"Moses when he saw the Israelite and the Egyptian fight, did
not say, `Why strive ye,' but drew his sword and slew the
Egyptian: but when he said the two Israelites fight, he said,
Ye are brethren, why strive ye ?' If the point of doctrine be
an Egyptian, it most be slain with the sword of the spirit and
nut reconenelt : but tr it be an Israelite, though in the wrong,
then. Why strive ye?" (Cheers.) This distinction deserves
our most serious consideration, both in the forbearance which
it recommends as to incidental 'mints of difference, and the high
uncotnproansing faithfulness which it inculcates, as to essential
truths. Imagine a public concert consisting of ten different
pieces of music, some of them more and some less scientifically
composed. In the auditory there are ten different parties of
amateurs, each entertaining a preference fur one of the ten
pieces of music—a preference so decided and engrossing, that to
please themselves they would have nothing but a repetition of
their favourite piece. The concert commences. The ultra-
admirers of the first piece on the list are delighted. They are
at borne. They feel completely satisfied. They exclaim yes,
this is music indeed! Amongst the others, there is not the same
congenial response. ‘Vhat•they hear is not quite to their taste.
However it is music, and they wait quietly through it. Another
piece commences, and another partly occupy the place of su-
preme enjoyment; they have their favourite. A third piece is
played, and the third party ate delighted. Thus in the end, all
parties have had their turn of comparative forbearance and pe-
liar gratification. Suppose, however, that in the course of toe
performance, some strain of discord, something that was not
music at all, had been intruded upon the company; would it
have been amiable forbearance to take this also patiently to
treat the intrusion of discord in the same way in which they had
treated the variations of harmony? Nay, the person capable
of so doing, would give proof thereby, that he was totally desti-
tute of all true musical taste, and that his apparent satisfaction
hitherto had been mere hypocrisy. ( Hear, hear.)
Within the comprehensive range of Christian doctrine, there
are many truths; and among Christian people there are many
preferences, so decided and engrossing that some are never
content to hear any other truths than those which they prefer.
One minister gives peculiar prominence to one Fraud truth.
The peculiar lovers of that subject are delighted. They are at
home. They exclaim yes, that is the gospel! Other auditors
are not so well pleased. The subject is not to their taste. It is
truth, however,and they wait patiently and forbearingly through
it. Another aqd another minister give prominence to other
topics. Another and another party of auditors are supremely
pleased. And thus in the end, alt parties have their turn of
of comparative forbearance, and peculiar gratification. But
suppose falsehood, and not truth to be taught; (hear, hear,) is
it Christian charity to bear this also patiently ? to treat the in-
trusion of heresy, in the same way we treat the various
branches of Scriptural orthodoxy? Nay, the person capable of
so doing, would thereby give proof that he was destitute of
all true religion, and that his apparent forbearance bad
been nothing better than real indifference. (Hear, hear,)
There is a point at which every musician, whatever his prefer-
ences mav be, must protest; and that point is the introduction
of discord. And there is a point at which every faithful Chris-
tian must protest, and that point is the introduction of falsehood.
(Hear.) Suppose such a state of things to arise in a community,
that it was very generally esteemed a mark of amiable modesty
and diffideuce to say, . ' I really dare not be bold enough to
take upon nie to determine what is harmony, and what is dis-
cord ; and therefore I dare not be presumptuous and unchari-
table enough to protest against anything :' what would or could
be said of the musical taste of that community? Would their
acknowledged incapacity to distinguish between harmony and
discord be received as triumphant proof of their advancement
in musical science? ( Hear, hear, hear.) And suppose such a
state Of things to arise in a commurity, that it was esteemed
very generally a mark of amiable .modesty and humility in a
man to say, I really dare not be bold enough to take upon me
to deteimine:what is truth and whet fralschood, and therefore
I dare not be; presumptuous and uncharitable enough to protest
against anythmo :' what would or could be said of the religious
knowledge and feeling of that community? Would their ac-
knowledged incapacity to distinguish between truth and error,
between Christ and Antichrist, be received as triutnphant proof
of their improvement in Christianity? (Loud cheers.) Alas
this state of things is not merely hypothetical. It is towards
this point of religious incliffilrence producing in its judicial re-
sult religious incapacity, that the feeliug, of this country has
grievously fallen. Christian charity, as defined by an Apostle,
ejoicelli in the truth":" but what is now boastingly called
charity. rejoiceth iii inability to discern truth from falsehood,
and a consequent indiscriminate complacency in, or indifference
about both. This is indeed to glory in our shame. I'o rouse
men from this torpor, to convey impressions of the reality of
spiritual things, to rekindle in 'Protestant England a practical
and earnest and consistent zeal for the truth of Scripture and
the glory of God, and the salvation of perishing sinners—these
are our objects! In pursuit of these, we endure without a mur-
mur the taunt and the sneer, and the sarcasm, and the evil re-
port of the enemies of our Lund and of his church. In pursuit
of these, we give cheerfully of our property, our time, our toil
both of body and mind, if God peradventure will mercifully use
our feeble instrumentality for the spiritual good of our fellow
countrymen. (Loud cheers.) Sir, I think we have now shown
gond and sufficient cause why this meeting should adopt the re-
solution which I shall have the honour to submit, and implore
our legislature no longer to sanction and support an institution
in which such principles are inculcated as those contained in
the class books in Maynoot h College. That college was founded
in 1795. Previous to 1793, it was contrary to law to endow any
Popish college in these kingdoms. The clergy of the Roman
Church for Ireland were then educated on the continent. But
when the progress of the French revolution had deprived the
Continental colleges of their property, and rendered access to
them froM this country dangerous it' not impossible, it became
a matter of apparent urgency that steps should be taken for the
education or !loutish clergy at home. The republican leaders
in Ireland were anxious for such a step for political pur-
poses. This appears from the journal of the celebrated
Wolfe Tone, who writes under the date of August 15, 1792.
" This country will never be well until the cat holies are edu-
cated at home, and their clergy elective. Now is a good time.
because France will not receive their students, and the catholics
are afraid of the revolution." In 1795, Lord Fitzwilliam, iu
his speech to parliament on opening the session, tecommended
the subject to the attention of both houses. Lord Caualen, on
succeding him, found the government pledged to carry th. 9
measure into effeet, and on the 3d of April leave was given' to
bring in a bill for applying the sum of. £lO,OO, granted to his
Majesty, or part thereof, for establishing a college for the better
education of permit's professing the Popish or Roman catholic
religion, and intended fie- the clerical ministry thereof. The
Ramis!) priests who had been educated on the continent retain-
ed so much respect for the essentially monarchical spirit of their
system that they could not and did not lend themselves to the
levelling agitation against the government at home, which was
daily becoming more popular amongst their lay gentry, insti-
gated by their oratorical lawyers. But we have the authority of a

popish historian of our d ty, Mr. Wvse, far saying that the
Alaynooth ctergy were not so scrupulous. Writing concerning
Ole Popish Association. in 1828, he says, " The clergy too, sent
ia from time to time, their adhesion; WA YNOOTH BEGAN TO BE
FELT ; Irishmen who had never left Ireland were the priests
whom it sent forth, and though in some instances the proprieties
and decencies of their ecclesiastical station considerably lost,
the country upon the whole gained by the infusion of a more
popular spirit amongst the body." You have heard much of
the nature of the education inculcated, I will only add a speci-
men upon a smaller scale, and inure tangible to the practice of
the bulk of their poor people in Ireland.
" In Bailly's Treatise on the Decalogue, mankind are divided
into four ranks, noblemen, independent gentlemen, artificers,
and beggars; and it is laid down that a person may steal any
sum under fifty or sixty pence from the first, under forty pence
from the second, twenty pence from the third, and four pence
from the last class, without losing the favour of God, or at all
risking the salvation of his soul, or its being even necessary to
acknowledge the theft in confession to a priest. The stolen
property need not be returned to the owner,-nor any compensa-
tion made to him, if there should be a difficulty in doing so
without the offender being discovered. All that is required is
to give the amount to the poor, or to expend it on some good
work; and it is but a venial offence, even if this species of res-
titution be omitted. Further it is taught, that a wife may steal
from her husband, contrary to his known and reasonable wishes,
a greater quantity of his property than is laid down in the pre-
ceding scale, without being guilty of inure than a venial sin;
and she may steal as much as will support any of her near re-
latives without being guilty of any sin, provided that after his
death she deducts the amount from her jointure. A servant,
also, may pilfer any common food in order to eat moderately of
it, without incurring guilt. Such is a part of the Maynooth ex-
position of the divine commandment thou shalt not steal.'
(Hear, hear.)
The testimony of an eye witness, himself a liberal, Mr. In-
glis, in his "Tour through Ireland" is,
" In the journey which I subsequently took, I had ample op-
portunity of forming comparisons between the priest of the olden
times, and the priest of Maynooth : and with every disposition
.to deal fairly by both, I did return to Dublin with a perfect con-
viction of the justice of the opinion which 1 bad heard expressed.
I found the old foreign educated priest, a gentleman ; a man of
frank easy deportment, and good general information; but by
no means, in general, so good a Catholic as his brorher of May-
nooth, be, I found, either a coarse, vulgar-minded,—or a stiff,
close, and very conceited man; but in every instance, Popish
to the backbone; learned, I dare 'say, in theology; but pro-
foundly -ignorant of all that liberalizes the mind ; a hot zealot
in religion ; and fully impressed with, or professing,to be im-
pressed with, a sense of his consequence and influence.
"I entertain no doubt that the disorders which originate in
hatred of Protestantism, have been increased by the Maynooth
education of the Catholic priesthood. It is the Maynooth priest
who is the agitating priest; and if the foreign educated parish
priest chance to be a more liberal-minded man, less a zealot,
and less a hater of Protestantism than is consistent with the
present spirit of Catholicism in Ireland,--straightway an assist-
ant, red-hot from Maynooth, is appointed to-the parish ; aud,
iii fact, the old priest is virtually displaced. In no country in
Europe,—no, not even in Spain,—is the spirit of Popery so in-
tensely anti-Protestant, as in Ireland. In no country is there
more bigotry and superstition among the lower orders, or more
blind obedience to the priesthood; in no country is there so
much zeal and intolerance among the ministers of religion. I
do believe- that, at this moment, Catholic Ireland is more ripe
for the re-establishment of the Inquisitiou, than any other
country in Europe."
In conclusion, I call your attention to a passage in Dr.
M'llale's letter to Lord John Russell. "It is but right to ac-
quaint your lordship that the Catholic bishops and the Catholic
bishops alone, have the right to regulate the choice of the books
out of which the faithful are to draw the nutriment of piety and
sound doctrine." (Hear, hear.) On the authority of Dr.
Miele, therefore, we charge the Catholic bishops and the Ca-
tholic bishops alone, with the choice of Bailly, Delahogue, Dens,
Van Ess, Maldonatus, the angelical doctor, and all the other
seraphic canonists, theologians and moralists, from whose pages
you have heard specimens of the " nutriment of piety and sound
doctrine," which is administered by authority to the students in
Maynooth. (Hear, hear.) The rev. gentleman concluded
aincd the most cordial applause, by reading the resolution,
which he seconded.

COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE AND MONEY

MARKET,

(From the Sunday Times.)

LONDON, SATURDAY.--The tenor of the mercantile advices,
received from the United States to the 20th ult., are nut of a
more promising nature than those which previously came to
hand. .The high rate of interest still demanded for. capital, and
the continuance of the restrictive policy by the whole of the
Banks of-the Union, had almost entirely put a stop to extensive
operations in imported goods 'rho rate of interests for dis-
counts, or loans, was lto 1 cent. per mouth. The Exchange
had taken a slight rise a week previously to the date of the pre-
sent accounts, but when the Wellington sailed from New York,
the best paper was sold at 54 per cent premium only. - The ne-
cessary consequence of this state of things is, that but very
limited orders have been received for the shipment of Blitish
manufactured goods.
The variations in the British Securities this week have been
limited to about per cent. The anticipation of an extensive
exportation of the precious metals to America, in cousequence
of the balance of trade having turned in favour of that country,
and the very reduced ratio of Exchange at New York, with a
contemporaneous demand for bullion at high rates have not had
an injurious effect upon prices of Stock, as the situation of the
Bank of England of England is highly satisfactory; added to
which, there continues to flow in extensive remittances of gold
and silver from the Continent and South America. It is, there-
fore, not apprehended that the Stock of Bullion held by the
Bank will diminish to any extent. before the trade with the
United States has again become brisk; thus producing a reflux
of specie to Great Britain. The value of Consols for money has
ranged only between 921 awl 934. In the April settletneut, the
prices have been 92 and 234. The operations of yesterday
afternoon were nearly at the highest quotations of the week.
The report of a new loan for-the government, to the amount
of £2,000,000, has been current, but since the meeting of the
Bank proprietors on Thursday, when the governor stated in re-
ply to a question, that he had no knowledge of such an arange-
ment, the statement has been discredited. Some curiosity Is
shown to ascertain how the Chancellor of the Exchequer will
provide for the acknowledged deficiency to the revenue, with-
out some advances from the capitalists of the City. Exchequer
Bills have been heavy during the week at a fall front 67 to 62
prem., and on India Bonds nearly an equal reduction has taken
place. The favourable expose given at the Bank meeting of the
affairs of the Company raised the value of the Stock front 2084
to 2094 for the account day.
The prices of Spanish an Portuguese Bonds have advanced
nearly '2 per cent. this week, the rumour being that some plan
•is under consideration in Paris, to place the debts of their go-
vernment upon a tooting inure satisfactory to the Bondholders,
but no details have yet been allowed to transpire, if, in tact,
there be any truth it, the statement. Spanish have risen to 22.
Portuguese *Five per Cents. to 311, and the Three per Gents.
to 211. Yesterday the advices front Paris quoted a decline,
and the Bonds were sold 4to 2 per cent. lower here. In Bel-
gian and Dutch Stock a fail of 4 to 1 per cent. has taken place
—new loans being talked of. The price of Two-and a-half per
Cent. (Dutch) has been as low as 52k, of the Five per Cents.
102, and of the Belgic Stock 103. Republican bonds are nut so
high as. they were last week.
Two additions have been made this week to the list of specu-
lations in the city, and which have attracted great attention.
The scheme for a railway front Paris to Havre and Rouen is
said to be acquiesced in by the government of Louis Phillippe,
and the desire to obtain sharesi:: perlyancof,unsitdheerapbultmser. The other
f
h:oot
rhienr.
project is one for extending a u
ing roads, under the title of the Asphalle Company, and
it has met with touch support. The market for railway shares
has become dull for the greater propartion of the projected lines.
HALF. PAST TWELVE.—We have no arrivals from the colo-
nies this morning.
Rather an interesting document has come to hand by the
French Mail of last night, addressed by the President of the
Board of 'Crade at Paris to the Chairman of the Chamber of
Commerce at Nantes. In this communication the attention of
the mercantile classes of France is called to the monetary and
commercial difficulties existing at present in the United States,
and to the highly unfavourable position in which the banks of
New York are now placed, as compared with their situation in
1837. "Such an extraordinary diminution in their transac-
tions, is not" writes his excellency " to he found in the finaucial
history of any people." in cautioningthaent:ceiticmhtitendt.s of France
to use their hest discretion in their operations with America, he
asserts that judging from present appearances, little short of a
panic equal to that of last year, may be
Not much business is doing in the British Stock market.
Consols for account have been done at 93 to 93%, and from im-
mediate transfer at 92 93. Exchequer bills continue al 62,
and India Bonds at 66 premium.
Foreign Bonds have not much varied. Spanish Active Bonda.
realise 2l11:, Portuguese New Bonds, 32; Brazilian, 26%;
Mexican, 214; and Dutch Two-and-a-half per Cents-521.
Shares remain without alteration.

REMARKABLE CASE IN SuRGREY.—There is at prerient in tha
National infirmary for relief of the poor afflicted with blindness
and diseases of the eye, Cuffe-street, the case of a little boy seven
years of age, born blind, with the disease of cataract in both his
eyes, upon whom the operation for their removal hes been per-
formed within the last few days, with such complete success as
to enable the little patient to observe many objects presented to
improve
daily immediately after the operation ; he Continues to
daily in the acquirement of a new sbnse, to the surprise and de-
light of his paierits.—Suander's News Letter.

Hoe RIBLE SCENE.—At a village in the commune of La
Ferte-Fresnel, in France, a scene has lately been witnessed
which has filled all minds with consternation. A farmer,
seated at the table of a wine-house with several other persons,
agreed to sell a fat pig to a neighbouring proprietor, and to
deliver the animal upon the following Wednesday. The bar-
gain was sealed by a few glasses of cider, according to ancient
usage, alter which the seller and buyer rose from the table.
Upon leaving the cabaret the purchaser recollected thaf he had
a pressing engagement for the Wednesday, and stated to the
seller that it would be an accommodation to hint to receive the
amount one day before that already fixed. Ti, this no objec-
tion was made, and in tact the pig was delivered to the buyer
upon the Tuesday evening. Having thus disposed of the
animal, the seller was returning home, when, near his own
door, he was accosted by a man leading a bear% who begged a
night's lodging for himself and'his charge. The farmer, under
other circumstances. would not have felt an inclination to en-
tertain such guests, but as night was faliiag, and the wind
chilling and frosty, and recollecting too, that the pig stye
vacant, his good feeling prevailed,•and he determined to give
shelter for the night to the bear-leader and his savage cam_
patitou. When they arrived at the farni the bear was installed
in the pig's place, and his master having fed and made hi, up
for the night, retired to the farmer's cottage, where be
,44.;
in-
vited to sit near the fire, admitted to the table, and provided
with a bed. The night passed on, but it would appear that two
of the persons who had been drinking ht the same table with
the farmers when the terms of the bai gain were agreed upon,
and who were under the impression that the pi, was to be sent
on the Wednesday, had determined to steal the animal before
it was so removed. Accordingly they repaired to the farm at
night. and one of them crept into the stye, whilst the other re-
maihed on the outside of the hedge, What passed between the
ill-fated intruder and the ferocious animal was only known by
the pools of blood, broken bones. and fragments of flesh which
were found strewed upon the floor the following morning. The
other robber, feeling uneasy at not receiving the agreed signal
for his accomplice, ventured to approach tie house. and finding
all still, crept nearer to the den. tle called to his comrade, but
all was silent. He then determined to penetrate into the stye,
but had advanced but halt' his body when the ferocious beast.
whose thirst for blood had become excited, threw himself upon
him with great fury. The unfortunate man was overwhelmed,
but after a short time
succeeded by an extraordinary effort in
saving himself from the rage Of his enemy. He was so weak-
ened, however, by the loss of blood, from his wounds, that he
was unable to fly, and he fell in the garden, where he was round
by the people of the farm. Be died next day in the greatest
torture.—Frenelt paper.

NlAllen 20, 1838.

LIVER THEATRE, CHURCH-STREET.

FOR THE BENEFIT OF MPS. RAYMOND.

present TUESDAY EVENING, the 20th instant,
I_ on which occasion Mr. T. P. COOKE, from the Theatres-
Royal, Druq-lane and Co'vent-garden, will appear, being
engaged for a limited period.
Mr. W. J. HAMMOND, from the Theatre-Royal, Covent-
garden, will also appear.
Messrs. BROWN. KING, and GIBSON, and Mrs. GIB-
SON, in some of their most admired Dances.

The Evening's Entertainments wilt commence with the popular
Nautical Drama of
THE PIL01';
OR, A STORM AT SEA. _ _

Long Tom Coffin (as originally acted by him) Mr. T. P. Cooke,
in which character he will sing his descriptive Songs of Long
Tom Coffin's Courtship and a Sailor's Consolation in a
Storm, and dance the Celebrated Hornpipe.
Captain Boroughcliff (a regular Yankee) Mr. W. J. Hammond,
in which character he will sing the popular Song or“ Yan-
kee Doodle," and, with Mrs. Raymond, the admited
Duets, called " Captain tho' von look so smart."
Kate Plowden ..Mrs.- Raymond.

Cecilia
Miss F. Graham.
After which, Messrs. Brown, King, and Gibson will Dance

their CHINESE' PASDE TROIS !

To which will he added the new laughable Interlude, called
TEN NILES FROM LONDON ;

OR, AN INCONVENIENT DISTANCE.
Patrick Rooney Mr. Raymond.
Mrs. Gibson will (for the first time at this Theatre) Dance
" LA CACHUCHA."

To be followed by a new and highly successful Drama, as acted
in Loudon during the present season with distinguished
approbation, entitled
THE CULPRIT.
Captain Hussey, R.N... Mr. W. J. Hammond.
Mrs. Hussey Mrs. Raymond.
Messrs. Brown, King, and Gibson will dance a popular
" PAS DE TROIS."

To conclude with the laughable Farce (not acted her these three

cents) entitled
THE. MAYOR OF FLANDERS ;
OR, THE THREE COFFINS.

Pogo Potts (the Mayor of the Village) Mr. W. J. Hammond
Mynheer von Lindon.. Mrs. Ba)mond.
Tickets and Places to be had at the Box-office.
