TO THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES

Your Excellency will please to examine and consider the
statements here exhibited, for a day is coming when all kings
and presidents of the earth must stand before the King of
Kings, and Lord of Lords, to answer for their conduct in
this world. God Almighty prepare them for that day !
The- first statement I would make is a most solemn one,
respecting those very unfortunate beings held in slavery. It
appears from good-testimony, that nearly three millions of
immortal beings are held in slavery, in a country whose
constitution and bill of rights declare all men to be free, and
possessed of equal privileges! Can your Excellency look
on such a scene, and not weep?
You say the articles of confederacy on which the Union
was established are such, that you cannot legislate on this
subject. But is this true respecting the district of Columbia ?
That has been ceded to Congress, to be governed just as the
national legislature may think proper. But, even with regard
to this part of the Union, the Congress has refused to hear
the petitions which have been sent from different states and
societies. Can you expect God's blessing, while you thus
despise the prayers of the benevolent, and the cries and tears
of the suffering ?
I would next state the claims of the red people, and plead
their cause. Had they not a right to look up to you, as chil-
dren to a father? Did not the government of the United
States promise to see justice and protection guaranteed to
the Indians? But what justice or protection have they
found? Have they not been driven from their cultivated
I fields, and from the sepulchres of their fathers, into a strange
land ? And, because they made some resistance against
such cruel treatment, have they not been treated like wolves,
and slain like wild beasts? .

You have been told, and justly too, that all the blood and
treasure lost in the late Indian wars have been sacrificed to
pride and ambition. The late President Adams has pointed
out the cruelty and wickedness of the United States' govern-
ment towards the Indians; yet he could not be heard, or
treated with civility.
And what has been your conduct towards the people of
Canada?
You say this was not the act of government, but the act of
some lawless and unprincipled men, contrary to the laws and
treaties of the United States. But if all the arsenals had
been broken open, and the.arms and munitions of war taken
and used against the inhabitants of the United States, it is
presumed, that some method would have been devised to put
a stop to such proceedings.
In the name of every thing sacred you are requested to look
at these brief statements, and ask yourself, in the presence of
God, if all is right ?
Perhaps your Excellency will say, that it was not in your
power to controul these events. Did your Excellency ap-
peal to the two branches of the legislature, in your different
messages to congress? The solemn and faithful appeals of a
Washington and Adams, when in the chair of state, were
heard and regarded. But in what message has your Ex-
cellency attempted to advocate the claims of the Indians or
the Blacks! _

Be assured agloomy day is nearat hand, unless repentance
and reformation interpose, for the judgments of the Almighty
are thickly gathering over the American people. God says
by the mouth of his prophet, " Shall nuttily soul be avenged
on such a nation as this?"
Be entreated to set apart a day, or I would rather say,
days of fasting and prayer, as did the King of Nineveh.
This would be esteemed a more safe and suitable method of
protection, than all that would be done by erecting forts and
preparing implements of death.
That God Almighty may give to your Excellency and the
national legislature, that wisdom which is from above, is the
present prayer of
Your Excellency's humble servant,
Dec. 6,.J838. A CHRISTIAN PATRIOT.
