DOCTOR DILWORTH.

Syntax.... (his original character) .... Mr. Keeley.
Dr. Dilworth..Mr. Baker. I O'Loughlin..Mr. G. Horncastle.
Mr. Paddington
Mrs. Dilworth.. Mrs. Clarke. I Zoe Miss Grant.

To which will be added, the Farce of
THE KENTUCKIAN,
Or, A Trip to New York.
Written expressly for Mr. Hackett, and performed by him
with the greatest success in all the principal Theatres of the
United Kingdom.
Colonel Nimrod Wildfire.. (the Kentuckian).. Mr. Hackett.
Ctesar.. .. (a Free 81ack).... Mr. Slaiter.
Mrs. Luminary.. (a Tourist and Speculator) .. Mrs. Clarke.
Mrs. Freeman.... Miss Cleaver.

To be followed by the popular new Farce, as produced last
season with the greatest success at Madame Vestris'
Theatre, called
THE QUEEN'S HORSE,
OR, THE BREWER OP PRESTON.
Tom Tubbs (the Brewer of Preston) .. Mr. Keeley,
as originally performed by him in London.
Mary Wakefield
To conclude with a new Farce, never acted here, as performed
last season in nightly succession at the Theatre-Royal,
Covent-Garden, called
CHAOS IS COME AGAIN,
OR, THE RACE BALL.
Colonel Chaos Mr. Dowton.
Jack Bunce .
as originally performed by him in London.
Tottenham
Harriett Miss Faucit.

Tickets to be had of Mr. CLARKE, No. 1, Houghton-
street, Williamson-square . and of Mr. HALL, at the Box-
office of the Theatre, of whom Places may be taken from
Ten until Three.

TO CORRESPONDENTS.

Several communications have been received too late for in-
sertion in our present number. We hope to be able in
our next to bring up our arrears with our Correspondents.

Vie Etimpoot &tanbarb.

TUESDAY MORNING, AUGUST 27, 1939.

There are some persons in the world who cannot do

the easiest thing well, or the best thing and most praise-
worthy in an honest manner. Her Majesty's Minis-
ters have given a most striking example of this cha-
racter in their dealings with the Slavery Suppression
Bill.

There is no cause which so completely identifies with

itself all the best and warmest principles and feelings
of the head and heart. There is no one in which the
Bri6;.h mind is so unanimous, or on which the other-
wise somewhat phlegmatic temper of Englishmen so
easily becomes excited. Consequently there is no con-
ceivable question on which an able and honest Minis-
ter could so safely reckon on being supported, to what-
ever length he might be disposed to go. If the Duke
of Wellington were to unfurl the standard of universal
WAR,—War to the knife against the cruel Pirates
would be breathed from every voice in Britain. Energy
and firmness of action would yet find itself lagging
behind the enthusiastic impulses of the popular will.
The Whigs have always endeavoured to identify

themselves with this absorbing question. A belief that
they were the warm friends of Negro Emancipation
had far more to do with bringing them into office than
any craving for Parliamentary Reform. And in 1835,
when Sir Robert Peel had been recalled to povicr, the
Whigs, by their organ Lord Morpeth, moved and car-
ried censure upon him, not for arresting the progress
of democracy, but for dissolving the Parliament that
carried the measure of Negro Emancipation.
If this does not show that, while they have one eye

for the negro they have two for themselves, we suppose
no demonstration on earth will prove it to the doubt-

ing sceptic. However it has stood them in good stead,
and, doubtless, when every other Whig pretext is
threadbare, they will resort to this their other, their
hacknied pretence, with yet more zeal than ever.
But what have they been about behind the scenes?
What have they done in their negotiations, and, their
alliances, in deeds of fact, not in matters of paper ?
The British people have seen how little, how shame-
fully and disgracefully little, the wretched impostors
have achieved.
And now what are they about Gratuitously in-

vading the rights of Portugal where the very object is
compromised by the invasion. If Portugal refuse to
fulfil her treaties, again and again we say, with the Hero
of a hundred fights, let the Sovereign present a mes-
sage to Parliament, and declare WAR upon the refrac-
tory State ; and let Parliament prove its zeal by voting
the supplies liberally.
They have taken occasion most heedlessly to infringe
the British Constitution. Why give the subject these
powers under this mongrel act, which the policy of the
Constitution has vested in the Sovereign ? Well may
Portugal reply, " Queen Victoria I know,—her crown
and dignity I respect and fear; but you, my Lord
Minto, who are you ?"
The Duke of Wellington, followed by thirteen other
most respectable names, has affixed his signature to a
very manly and straightforward protest. His Grace is
not the man to talk of things, but to do them. He
would not frame idle acts of Parliament againSt Portu-
gal, but send a plain and simple message, to be followed
out by Great Britain as she knew how to follow out
her just menaces, before the reins of her empire fell
into the feeble and treacherous hands of these degene-
rate Whigs.
In short, the pitiful and contemptible tricksters have
selfish objects of their own in view in the latitudes not
of Fernando Po and Rio Janeiro, but the more homely
latitudes of London and Dublin. ;They ride the poor
negro for their own sport or luxury far more shame-
lessly than any old selfish Planter who never made pre-
tences to purity.
We have the happiness, however, of reflecting, that
while the ancient zeal on this spirit-stirring topic has
not one whit abated, discretion has been added to zeal;
and, whatever either Whig or Conservative may say or
do, the people of England will see the poor African
righted in this matter. When the Standard of Eng-
land is unfurled let the oppressors look to it.

A very interesting question is just now agitating the
Scottish Church; and, as our Presbyterian brethren
most r roperly consider that all other questions fall
into comparative insignificance when the interests of
their C hurch are at stake, the strongest sensation con-
tinues to prevail from Cape Wrath to the Mull of
Galloway.
In England a Clergyman is ordained at the proper
age, and, having satisfied his Bishop, is admitted into
the Church as an ordained Minister. What is called
a title for orders is indeed usually necessary in the
first instance; but still, for practical purposes, the
Minister's ordination has taken place, and is complete,

in by far the majority of instances, before he is settled
upon a benefice of his own. In Scotland the case is
otherwise :—when presented to his benefice, then is
the time for him to receive ordination at the hands of
the Presbytery. And here-has • been the occasion of a
difficulty, which has happily never arisen, and scarcely
can arise, in England. The Licentiate (for such he is
merely until appointed to his benefice) comes to the
Presbytery for ordination. They of course may refuse
him, if they consider him unfit, and this is matter for
their own discretion : and this discretion (since they
are mortal men) will not always be exercised with per-
fect wisdom, though we dare say it is so in the vast
majority of cases. Here, then, is the difficulty. The
appointed Minister has an undoubted right to the
temporalities. This the Court of Session and the
House of Lords have definitely decided. But who
can compel the Church to admit him to the Spiritu-
alities? And if he be not useful in the Spiritualities,
why should he pern the temporalities ? If he do not
minister at the altar, why should he live of the altar ?
It is obvious that these are questions of very grave
importance and very great difficulty. Those who wish
for further information on the subject, may refer with
advantage to the speeches delivered in the last General
Assembly by the respective leaders, Drs. Cook and
Chalmers,—to the judgments in the House of Lords,
—and to the decisions in the Court of Session. There
is also a very able pamphlet, in which the Chalmerian
side of the question is espoused, by a Mr. Grey of
Perth.

We do not pretend to be conversant with Scottish
doctrines of Theology and Church Discipline, and our
present object, in adverting to the subject, is to point
out to our English readers a very strong and active
impulse which is just now exerting itself over the pub-
lic mind of Scotland. We believe it to he pregnant
with very momentous consequences to the Established
Church of Scotland, either for good or for evil. Wish-
ing well to a pure form of orthodox and Evangelical
Religion, established in a portion of the Empire, and
firmly beloved by the people, we sincerely trust it
may issue in an union between the National and
Secession Churches, and in a check 'given to the odi-
ous and demoralising doctrines of Voluntaryism.
The Whigs of Edinburgh, with their characteristic
craft, have endeavoured to make it serve them a good
turn in the line of their politics. Hence (we will wager
a penny) the subdued and conciliatory tone of Lord
Melbourne upon this subject in the House of Lords.

We have received our files of the Jamaica Royal
Gazette, Dispatch, Standard, and Gazette, to the 20th

of July inclusive. The news brought by these papers
is of a very unfavourable character. The Negroes
continue to be as indolent and refractory as ever.

The prospects of the planters are as gloomy and dis-
couraging as former accounts have represented them

;o be. The Gazette states that the manner in which

the Negroes are working on the Sugar Estates gene-

rally " will prove their own ruin." They allow so
many canes to be eaten by the cattle—so many to
become rotten—so many to become decomposed by
being left after ripening in the ground, instead of
taking them off by a regular and continuous labour,

when fit for sugar-making--that the produce is
scarcely worth bringing into the market. In many
instances the expense of cutting, carting, and boiling

exceeds the actual value of the sugar. The sugar pro-

perties of Lord Seaford, that used to produce 600 or
700 hogsheads per annum, will not ship 70 hogsheads

in all this year !

His Excellency the Governor had, with the advice
of his Privy Council, issued a proclamation declaring
the Ist of August to be a day of thanksgivings and

rejoicings for the great boon of freedom. The Gazette
remarks, that it would be observed as a day of sorrow

by the Proprietors of the colony, adding,—" The
Negroes have now been in possession of full freedom
for nearly a twelvemonth. They do as much, or as
little work as they please, and, if found fault with,
leave their employers in the lurch, without a moment's

warning. Their lowest scale of wages is a shilling
sterling per day, for the lightest labour. The most

worthless menial can obtain los. per week for less
labour than he formerly performed for half a dollar.

Notwithstanding this, the pretended ' friends of the

blacks' are as rabid and rancorous as ever, and more
than ever anxious for the destruction of British Colo-
nial commerce."

The Royal Gazette gives an equally deplorable ac-
count of the present state of Jamaica. We subjoin a
few of the more prominent extracts from this journal.
Respecting the general aspect of affairs in the island,
the Royal Gazette remarks :—" We sincerely wish it
were in our power to give a favourable account of the
state of the island to our friends in England, by the
packet which sails this day (July 20). Yet, although
we have to acknowledge that on some Coffee Planta-
tions, and in some districts, things are going on as well
as can be expected, we are nevertheless compelled to
say, that this is by no means general, nay, that the
reverse is too much the case. Indeed, our impressions
for the last two weeks contain facts of such an unplea-
sant nature, that we anticipate the worst results for
this island." Such is the gloomy picture drawn by
the Liberal Royal Gazette. We have too much reason
to fear, from what we learn from 'other sources, that
there is every probability that the prospects thus de-
scribed will become more hopeless than ever in a brief
space of time, unless a speedy and radical alteration
takes place in the colonial policy of Government.
The following intelligence will justify the most fear-

ful apprehensions :—" In a letter from St. Mary's,"
(observes the Royal Gazette), " now before us, it is
stated that the people on Water Valley Estate, in the
Annotto Bay district, had some words with the gen-
tleman who visited it, and the Negroes Nrith great
deliberation set fire to several cane pieces.' A similar
inhance is mentioned to have occurred in St. Doro-
thy's last week. The same correspondent states, that
the first of August approaching, the Negroes are
beginning to get very unsettled, but we do do not
expect them to take more than a week or ten days'
holiday."
Respecting the condition, feelings, and intentions of
the peasantry generally, the Royal Gazette proceeds to
remark—" We have before alluded to the independ-
ence of the peasantry, and to the dependant state to
which the proprietor is reduced, being actually at the
mercy of the people who live upon his estate, and cul-
tivate his land for their own use, and who will see the
property going to destruction before their eyes, yet will
not appropriate any portion of their labour to rescue
that estate from ruin. The animus with which the la-
bouring people are at present urged is really melan-
choly. It affords no satisfaction, no confidence to the
proprietor. On the sugar estates he will see labourers
working steadily and cheerfully digging cane holes—
the severest work that there is connected with the culti-
vation of the sugar cane, and consequently for which
extra wages are given. Yet, when this severe task is
concluded, these people will not plant the cane, in the
holes they have been paid for digging, because the
work being lighter, they are not paid so extravagantly ;
thus, the proprietor is baulked in his endeavours to
continue his cultivation, and loses the labour already
expended on his field. On coffee properties again, they
will not undertake the light duty of keeping clean the
young coffee trees, and in consequence of the rapid
growth of weeds, the lower branches wither, and the
tree dwindles to nothing. Again, when the piece gets
too foul, they will not undertake it, because the work
is too heavy, and they cannot get over it quickly. Our
island is truely in a lamentable condition, and we en-
tertain very great doubts of it ever being retrieved.—
The situation of the island too, with regard to the arm-
ing of the people, cannot be contemplated without
alarm. We continue to see firearms passing almost
daily, in possession of the labourers, on their way from
the importers to the country, and, strange as it may
appear, we understand the authorities are allowing the
sale of firearms to be continued without any inquiry,
whether a return is sent in quarterly of those sold, or
whether the persons selling are in possession of a Ii-

cense."

The planters seem to be completely appalled and
overwhelmed by the difficulties with which they are
surrounded. On this topic the Royal Gazette re-
marks :--" There is, in the present state of the island,
an unaccountable apathy to every thing concerning it :
the minds of men are paralyzed, and we see ruin and
desolation coming upon us, without almost using any
effort to prevent it. The inhabitants see with dismay
the various measures brought into parliament, all tend-
ing to secure power to individual parties, without be-
ing of advantage to the island, and they behold the

last measure with greater drew'

annihilation of our Assembly2g
posed, bearing falsity on its Me;

upon as oppressive and trannik
measure now proposed is viewed with still greats* sb,
horrence. By it our constitutional rights as Brie"
subjects, and the privileges of our Assembly, ars
usurped and trampled on, while the Council has -no
power to originate any measure which might advantage

Ile island. Our friends in England need not be stir.

prised if the anticipated measure becomes law, to ice
petitions from the proprietors and all, the.respectable
portion of the inhabitants, praying' t'[.?Gowara•

. _
ment will assume the whole responsihilitn; saline
such laws as may protect and secure peisOit'and pro-
perty. In the present measure we see nothing but dia.

satisfaction to all parties, and we know that we speak
the sentiments of a very great proportion of the inha-
bitants of this island, when we declare that they *add
have been less dissatisfied with the total annihilation of

the Assembly."
The accounts in the Jamaica Standard are equally
unfavourable. The truth is, that the whole island pre•
sents a melancholy proof of the disastrous results of
liberal misrule. We see no hopes for the future safety
and prosperity of Jamaica, or any other of our cola,"
nial possessions, but in a change of Administrations
accompanied by a radical change of policy.,)„',„:l'_-,
• : butt
We have received a file of the Guiana Chronickbp
the sth of July inclusive. These papers do notns
tam any news of importance. The colony
same condition as represented by the lastaCcOlintil
We may, perhaps, give a few extracts 1.4, 44111,
illustrative of the colonial policy pursued by the ",
in Demerara as well as in the other West I A:k —.l
pendencies of the British crown. Id iisayot mid ycl bem
• 6bloi 1:36T

LIVERPOOL PROTESTANT OPERATITZ
ASSOCIATION. . •

A monthly meeting of the members and friends of the
above association was held yesterday evening at the School
Room, Heath-street, Toxteth Park. In consequence elite
having been announced that the Rev. J. B. M'Crea; of
Dublin, would attend for the purpose of addressing the meet:
ing, thelroom was filled before seven o'clock, at which hour
the proceedings commenced. The arrival of the chairman
the Rev. Mr. Marshall was greeted with loud applause.. ssi.
The Rev. Marshall was called to the chair.
The Chairman opened the proceedings by eupplicatin444
divine blessing on the labours of the association. • '
The CHAIRMAN then called the attention of the meeting
to the object of the meeting—the defence of that jewel, the
Protestant faith, which was committed to their charge by
their forefathers. Let no man dare to neglect to stand forth
in defence of this precious boon. Watchfulness is peculiarly
incumbent upon the Protestants of the present day. Indif-
ference is the great source of danger to our Protestant este.
blishment. It should be remembered that when the hues
bandmen were asleep the enemy came .in and sowed tarn
among the wheat. The slumber of apathy and indifferent*
is the great evil which besets the Protestants of the present
day. It was owing to this that the so-called Catholic Eaton.
eipation bill was carried. If the Protestants of Great Britain
had not neglected to listen to prophecy, that iniquitous mea-
sure would not have passed. (Cheers.) The Rev. Chairman
then adverted in terms of strong
dangers arising from the spread r
long extract animadverting upon'
Owen, the notorious Infidel, to he)
Victoria. The prevalence of the
culcated in the blasphemous public
well calculated to excite feelings O
Chairman then proceeded to state
who professed the honoured name
the work of reformation among
the more incumbent when they
the signs of the times. The natiot
and to enquire into the truth of
should therefore redouble their effol
gospel.
Mr. HOLDEN moved the first
had called him a friend to the cam . they _
If being a decided enemy of Popery entitled him to the:ap-
pellation of a friend to the objects of the Protestant Assoc
ciation, he was proud to deserve the name. It was lila
opinion that the operatives of this country ought to redouble
their efforts for the propagation of the truth, and the extirpas
tion of the delusive heresies of Popery. When they saw our
ministry utterly regardless of the interests of Protestantism--
when they saw the encroachments of the Popish factioditi
the legislature—when they saw the liberals of this country.
falsely so called, actively co-operating with the rankest ene-
mies of British liberties—when they saw the indefatigable ex-
ertions which were making for the spread of the detnoralising
principles of Socialism—how could they sit down in silence
and indifference ? Was it not incumbent upon them to re-
new their exertions, and to multiply their appeals to the feel-
ings of their Protestant brethren ? It was a shame to slug-
gish and indifferent Protestants that ' they materially con-
tributed to the spread of Popery in this country. Expedi-
ency was the grand means by which the legislature was pre-
vailed upon to aid in the unhallowed work of propping up tile
tottering throne of Antichrist. The speaker dwelt with mudla
eloquence upon the necessity of resorting to prayer' 'as one dr
the most effectual weapons of Protestants against error-seed
superstition. Let them pray that all nations may be bro.. •. t
to the knowledge of the truth—from the region where • •
palm spreads its_ branches to when the iceberg rises in naked
grandeur. (Cheers.) did ete
Mr. RADCLIFFE rose to seconclggittiete'dution, He took
a survey of the progress of the reforrnatiOnesiAfter detaiiket
the means by which Popery was banished l'ettin- Entail& kg
proceeded to point out the efforts which-have been made of
late years, for re-establishing the reign eft Popery.. Thera
could be no doubt that the series of measures which have
been introduced for the purpose of removing the disabilities of
the Papists, were-so many steps towards the ascendancy of
Papal tyranny. The Church of England constituteds in the
language of the resolution, the grand bulwark against ewers.
croachments of Popery. If there was any object which more
deeply affected the feelings of Englishmen, it was the Church
of their fathers. If there was one thing that endeared that
Church to the feelings of Englishmen more than another;it
was, that the Church was the great bulwark of Protests:Wont.
In all her articles and formularies the ,Chureli of. England
entered her solemn protest against the errors Of.Romanism.
So careful is the Church in guarding her children- against
the fatal heresies of the apostate Church of Rome, that there
is scarcely a single article in which some erroneous doctrine
is not protested against. The speaker -enumerated several
of the most prominent errors of the Churchtotßonie which
were condemned in the thirty nine articles. The -Cliurchrof
England had 1 een called the eldest daughter of the Chen&
of Rome. The fact was otherwise. The Church of England
is the most anti-Popish Church on the face of the earth:,
stead of being- the daughter of the Church of. Rorne4se
Church of England was older than- the Church of- Rome.
The Church of England in separating from the Church .of
Rome, or rather in rejecting the authority of that Clan*,
had only refused the chaff while it kept the wheat..• It had
rejected the vile, while it held fast what was precious. hi
the present day, the number of eminent ministers who ex-
erted themselves in opposing Popery was daily increasing.
Among them he would enumerate- such men as M`Ghee,
M•Neile, Ould, &c. The resolution which
he held in his hand said that it was the duty of every
Protestant and of every patriot to rally round the standard of
Protestantism. The Church of England was the great shield
by which the civil and religious liberties of Dissenters were
protected. It was, therefore, the duty of every Dissenter to
come forward in defence of that Church to which he owed so
much. (Cheers.) What was the meaning of the cry of "No
Popery ?" Was it a bugbear to frighten old , women ? Far
from it. It was pregnant with meaning. It meant no slavery
—no persecution—no idolatry—no superstition—no inquisi-
tion—no national degradation. (Cheers.) Let them show
that it was their determination to drive Popery from theland.
(Cheers.)
The CHAIRMAN, before lie put the resolution, stated that
the object of the meeting was not merely -to uphold Pro-
testantism in name only. They contended for principles—
the principles of the gospel. They did not wish merely to
cause Papists to change their names—they wanted them to
become Israelites indeed "—to come to the knowledge of
the truth as it is in Christ Jesus. I)%at,r!
The CHAIRMAN then apologised for the absence of he
Rev. Mr. M'Crea, who was probably prevented by family
-arrangements from attending.
Mr. WILLIAMS then addressed the meeting with great
animation. He enlarged on the sin and evil arising from
the propagation of Popish doctrines ; and observed that it
was the duty of .every clergyman to raise his voice against
the abominations of the system, and if such was the duty of
ministers, it was also the bounden duty of the laity to assist
them in every way practicable. lie appealed to those around
him to come forward and assert their religious and political
rights, in opposition to the wily schemes of their adverlaries.
-He trusted the day was not far distant when we should be
relieved from our present imbecile government; and, in its
stead, have one purely Protestant.
The CHAIRMAN then urged the meeting -to use 'every
means for the furtherance of the- objets which the iety
had in view ; and, after a few worda from Mr. Wathirn and
Mr. Leatherbarrow, the meeting separated, tho' not' without
numbers having previously enrolled -themselves as &embers
of the association.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE STANDARD.

SIR,-1 beg leave to contradict the statement in the Albion
•f this day, as to the result of the cause " Weatherhilt v.
Smith ;" the verdict having been for the defendant.
Yours respectfully,
RICHARD SMITH.
Basthgrpi Ferry, 26th Aug. 1839.
•

1

'i+.j cll y tofvit.'""'""'"'""'
" 'St. Peter's Church, which has been closed of late for the
purpose of undergoing repairs, opens on Sunday next, for
divine worship.
GREAT WESTERN, STEAM-SHIP.--This fine vessel left
Kingroad on Saturday afternoon, for New York. She car-
ried out 110 passengers and a considerable quantity of goods.
BRITISH QUEEN, STEAM-SHlP.—This magnificent vessel
will leave the Thames on Sunday, and Portsmouth on Mon-
day, on her second voyage to New York. She will, we hear,
be full of goods and passengers.
LIVERPOOL, STEAM-SHIP. —This vessel, wl}ieh sailed
from Liverpool for New York on the afternoon* the let
instant, was spoken on the 10th, nine days outi,looug. 35.
She would, we calculate, reach New York on orefore the
17th instant. She may be expected back on or before the
Bth of September.
OPENING OF THE SIXTH SEAL.---We
tention of our readers, and all lovers of the
magnificent picture of the Opening the
Danby, A.R.A., which is now for a few day:
ing at 25, Bold-street. As a work of art
" The tints which pervade the picture are
mellow, imparting a vigorous freshness am
lief to the colouring of the figures truly adm:
a harmony and beauty, united with a delicacl
this noble painting, which bespeak the hani
and you stare at it with surprise, convictio'
ment,—certain of its unequalled merit, any
ing it to be a work of art. All is in pelf(
phic to sublimity,—the hand of genius'
To see, understand, and feel its beauties.
still, and gaze upon it in silence :
' Let no passion stir,—
Wake all to reason,—Let her reigfii
Then reflect and ponder upon the destiny of humanity., -iri,
know what we are ; but what we shall be,—
When we have shuffled off this mortal coil,' •
is the question at every flying moment at issue." 'To ill
who have not seen this celebrated specimen of the Eng*
School, we say; go and contemplate it—the pictofial'enter-
tainment will sink deep into the heart, and by its softening
power assist to make it happier and inttor.—See adverlin,
Men('

,-.:0•41 A - i ~/.;
'*' 2). '7, • r?",21111-s7,: i Z
to
, 4 . p...-,,_ ~ ....
z..-,;
7:-'' '77-. N==''.l,t,, ,f-'
!, tO • •`..''' t• •• , ••.' ,-.'
ical ; , b ,N_.„ • :.
, •:.r. ..„ - . •

.ong condemnation, to the
I of Socialism, and read a
the presentation of Robert
ier Gracious Majesty, Queer)
e abominable principles in..
lications of the Socialists, jip
of apprehension. The Rev.
e that it was the duty of all
e of Protestant to commet►ca
themselves. This beesms
T looked around and viewed
)ns were beginning to awake,
f Christianity. Protestants
efforts for the spread of the
resolution. The chairman
use which they had at heart.

would call the at-
le fine arts,.to the
Sixth Seal; kt,F.
ays longer ethibit-
Lrt it stands gone.
e cool, chaste, and
nd boldness of re-
mirable, There*
acy of finish, alnigt
land of a raasteti
Lion, and•astou*
Lnd scarcely bOievr
feet keeping,--3
has passed prer, i
Les, you, 440
1/ ,fit fle

Three weeks ago we asserted, in an article that at-
tracted no little observation from our contemporaries,
that Mehemet Ali, the rebel Pacha of Egypt, was "the
tool of France." The London press enlarges but little
on the subject of Eastern polity ; our contemporaries
seeming content to record events without the wish to
trace their origin, or their probable issue. In a few
words we shall venture to explain the true state of
things. It was to the interest of France and Great
Britain to maintain the power of Turkey, as the strong-
est check upon the ambitious strides of Russia; but in
a moment of enthusiasm for Grecian liberty, we fell
into the policy of the Czar, and by nominally adopting
the ruffians of the Morea, and actually sinking the
Turkish fleet at Navarino, r, e afforded the warmest
gratification to the vindictive enemy of the Ottoman
empire. The Russian campaign to Adrianople gave
the last blow to the independence of Turkey. The late
Sultan Mahommed was undoubtedly a great man. He
had one weakness : he preferred his personal safety to
the greatness of the empire over which he presided.
The i'urkish Jannissaries had obtained the power, and
and exercised the privileges, formerly usurped in the
Roman Empire by the Preetorian Guards. They elected
their sovereign and strangled him whenever it suited
their pleasure. Such was the authority which placed
Mahormi:ed on the Ottoman throne ; such would speed-
ily have been his fate, had not his prudence found
means, by the massacre of thirty thousand Jannissa-
ries, to establish him firmly in his seat, and leave him
the principal tyrant in the empire.
The destruction of the Jannissaries proved the total
ruin of the Turkish army. The lion was now without
claws or teeth, and the helpless weakness of Turkey
was made fully manifest in the campaign of Adrian-
ople.
The foreign policy of Britain has ever been, under
Whig management, the jest of continental powers, and
it was not to be expected that our character for diplo-
macy should he redeemed by Lord Palmerston. Ac-
cordingly, from constitutional feebleness, that helpless
nobleman early sank into the arms of Nicholas, who
held him there with tender anxiety, and whispered in
his ear such a course for his future conduct as relieved
him from the painful necessity of thinking for himself,
and allowed him to rely with confidence on the leading
strings by which he was upheld.
The activity of Louis Philippe, on the other hand,
was very differently- displayed. Finding that Turkey
was ruined for ever, he determined to strengthen, by
every possible means, the usurped authority of the re-
bel Pacha of Egypt.
The army of Mehemet has been trained by French
officers ; French money has supplied his commissariat ;
and the warm friendship of France has emboldened
him to the performance of designs which, without such
a concurrence, he dared not have attempted.
Upon the ruins of Turkey, the French have thus suc-
ceeded in establishing a new power to counterbalance
in some degree the influence of Russia in the East.
Our mole-eyed government have been quite in the dark
as to the policy of France. They have permitted the
destruction of Turkey, and now, when it is all over
and all too late, they open • their dim organs of sight,
and wonder if it be not possible to re-establish the
power of the Ottoman empire, by causing the restora-
tion of that fleet which has lately placed itself under
the flag of :Mehemet Ali.
Impressed with this profound notion, they invite,
with romantic ardour, the French government to join
them in demanding the Turkish fleet from the Egyptian
Pacha, under pain of having his own blown out of the,
water and over the Pyramids. What must have beet
the astonishment of the enthusiastic Cupid, when Mar
shal Soult declined to join in this chivalrous adven•
ture !

He had no objection, he said, to invite the Pacha to
give up his. enemy's fleet, but personal violence, he
thought, would be both injudicious and unwarranta-
ble. The Marshal, besides the national alliance with
Egypt, remembered what Lord Palmerston did not
know, that the Turkish fleet is moored within the har-
bour of Alexandria, a harbour so well fortified by
art as to be almost impregnable.
Lord Palmerston is, however, still bent upon restor-
ing the Turkish fleet to the Ottoman Porte, and we
shall soon see how many lives of British seamen are to
be sacrificed in this absurd and Quixotic adventure.

•
,
