PRESENT PROSPECTS OF BERBICE.

(F,'om the Berbice Advertiser, Oct. Lid
Our present prospects are not so cheering as many could
wish. A few days ago all eyes were fixed on the Court of
Policy, and on what the Governor might be pleased to say in
his Vice-Royal Speech at the opening of the Court. But
now that the vice-royal speech has been delivered, and the
business of the Court of Policy gone through and closed, we
can see how very much our business and circumstances, as a
Colony, are improved by that august assemblage's proceed-
ings.
With respect to the real state of the Colony, we think there
are two classes of person's, each of which thinks differently
from the other. The one considers the Colony as going to
ruin ; while the other considers she is working a healthful
way to that state which heaven has destined her to fill.—Who
are the former that•think that the Colony is going to ruin ?
Certainly a vast majority of the wealthy of the Colony : those
whose capital is vested in agriculture, and other things con-
nected with it. Whilst those who have no fearful apprehen-
sions, are a sweeping majority of the people, together with
those at the head of affairs.

The Planters have shown pretty well the advantages that
would flow if they could get a large body of Immigrants ; but
we should suppose that, by this time, they see clearly that it
is a hopeless case—for they have been foiled in almost every
point, to get labourers from other countries to cultivate the
soil of this colony. We have heard that we •t must always
make the best of a bad case," now that the colony is in a bad
state, as respects the want of labourers for the purposes of
the planters is certain, therefore we are glad to see the spirited
meeting which the Demerarians have had, to inquire into
the real state of things ; not like the fearfully made Berbichns
who seem disposed to " die, before they are dead." But
it is just what we might have expected from a country so
eagle-eyed as to ask its neighbours to legislate for them.
We are quite disposed to admit the reasonableness of all
the planters s.ay, taken as a body, about ruin, &c., in the
way in whieh they have calculated it ; and we suppose we
must make up_ our minds to hear the din of ruin during the
present generation, because those who have been from " their
youth up so notorious for the grasping selfishness which sla-

. .
very naturally begets, find the spirit of Liberty a bitter pill to
swallow." The standing maxim of the " Old Boy!,
" what is yours is mine, and what is mine is my own:" And
every political measure that does not recognize this leads to
the ruin of the colony,- aye, and one would think of their
lives too ; and yet these very persons, if you follow them to
their plantations, appear to think anything but • that the
Colony is going to ruin. Look at the 'improvements that
they are making. But they tell us that they must lay out
capital on the cottages. that they are building for their la-
bourers, which just proves that the huts which the people
had under slavery were not fit for men ; and again, men half
as wise as those who raise the cry of ruin, would rather sink
a capital at first, than go on laying out capital continually.
when it is evidently sitrking-;-. but niaitY of them recollect no
doubt that they owrAlkeir all to, the. rise of the colony, and
are
,therefore resolved to sink or swim with the old ship.
They seem, alas !
" Resolved to ruin, or to rule the State."

We believe that the ruin talked so much of by the proprie-
tary body, consists in their not being able to carry on their
estates on so large a scale as they would wish, for the want
of manual labour; and as capital vested in agriculture gives
the greatest return—a greater than they can get for it in any
other way—that therefore they do not realize as great returns
as they could if they could only procure a plenty of labour ;
and therefore tlAtt'an increase of labourers would be of great
utility to our planters in particular, and to the colony gene-
rally, is admitted; but that there must be ruin without it we
cannot see, unless the ruin of the entire colony be made to
consist in a small, but wealthy class of colonists, not realiz-
ing as much now as they did under the overstraining system
of slavery. Unless we can get a considerable influx of la-
bourers,- which appears a hopeless case, the planters must
make up their minds to work their lands on a smaller scale,
and thus be content with their-state, though they cannot get
rich as heretofore. We had hoped to see some half starved
Indians landing on our shores, who might have been made cf
great use to the colony whilst they would have bettered
their own circumstances too : but why or wherefore this is
forbidden to us we cannot see, and particularly after the
Statement's' made, by the Coblies that, have been located in
Our county.: It is the same with the Coolies that have been
located in this colony as with most other things in this im-
perfect World : an evil case like that at -Belle Vue stands
forth conspicuously, and is very popular, while we seldom
hear anything about thGpleasing result of the -commission of
enquiry into the state of those located in Berbice.. !` If my.
time was;up, I would not stop a moment, but wouldgo to
Calcutta, and bring my friends."
Gentlemen of British Guainal, do not giVe it up for lost,
but carry these words to the foot of the throne, and you will
gain your object.. Do not yet give up looking to the East—
the teeming millions of Ilindostan may yet come over and
help-'you to become what nature has prepared you to be—one
of the finest countries in the world. But our prospects at
present, with regard to immigration are at a stand ; what
measure will next be tried is hard to say : we should like to
see a little more unity and reciprocal feeling existing on this
as well as_on other subjects which our Salons take in hand.
