THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

VARIETIES.

ANTEDILUVIAN REMAINS.—In the middle of last month two
fishermen, being employed on the banks of the Lippe, near the
village of Absen, in Westphaiia, at a moment when the water
was unprecedentedly low, discovered a heap of bones lying in
the bed of the river, and conveyed them ashore. It was a su-
perb and perfect specimen of a mammoth's head, in excellent
preservation, and of an unusual size. For instance, the four
grinders are from six to nine inches in diameter, and the two
tusks, one of which was found adhering to the chin-bone, are
between three and four feet in length. 'I he fishermen parted
with their prize for a mere song, and it was conveyed to Hat-
tern, where, we understand, after it had been examined by two
of the professors from Bonn, it was sold to them for the use of
the Zoological Museum in that university. A further search
has been made in the Lippe, but without success.
A MOST EXTRAORDINARY CUSTOM is said to prevail among
the Vizerees, a powerful tribe occupying an extensive district
in Caubul, among the mountains between Persia and India. It
is, in fact, a female prerogative that has no parallel among any
other people bpon earth, and that reverses what we are in the
habit of considering the natural older of things; the women
choose their husbands, and not the husbands their wives ! If a
woman is pleased with a man, she sends the drummer of the
camp to pin. a handkerchief to his cap, with a pin which she
has used to fasten her hair. The drummer watches his oppor-
tunity, and does this in public, naming the woman, and the
man is immediately obliged to marry her, if he can pay her
price to her father.—Account of the Kingdom of Caubul, ty the
lion. Mountstuart Elphinstone.

TIGIIT LACING.—Tight lacing not only prevents a due de-
velopment of the muscles by pressure, but, by fixing into one
immoveable mass the ribs and vertebrae of the back, which,
more especially in youth, should have free motion on each
other, makes the whole upper part of the body a dead weight
on the vertebrce of the loins, which, in consequence, give way
on one or the other side, and lateral curvature is produced.
Not only does tight lacing act directly in this manner, but
indirectly it operates in diminishing muscular vigour by im-
peding. respiration. It is well known that muscuatr power bear.
a relative proportion to the produce of respiration, animals hav-
ing the highest development of the respiratory organs being
the most powerful in muscular force. light stays compress the
ribs together, and prevent the play of the respiratory muscles;
when applied during the growth of the body, they prevent the
development of the chest, and thus lay the foundation of many
diseases. The female form, at least in youth, requires
no artificial aid to improve it. Who would think of putting
stays on the Venus ue Medicis ?—Beale's 012.yereathm.v on the
Spine.

THE BULGARIANS.—The Bulgarian is handsome, robust,
patient, stubborn, and very jealous, with primitive manners.
The stranger who puts up for the night iu a cottage has the best
of everything, and sleeps on the same floor with rather and mu-
' ther, sons and daughters. The women are tali and beautiful—
the finest race that I saw iu Turkey, with peculiarly small
bands and feet. Their costume is elegant, consisting of a
striped shift, which covers without concealing the bust, fastened
round the throat with a heavy gold or silver clasp, a short worked
petticoat, and au embroidered pelisse a la Polonaise, confined
by a broad ornamental girdle. The hair is dressed in long
braids, and their writs and waists adorned with solid bracele,s
and buckles; the poorest have them. Yet these nymphs of the
Balkans are household slaves, and are to be seen iu the severest
weather drawing water at the fountains. No peasantry in the
whole world are so well off. The lowest Bulgarian has abundance
of everything,—meat, poultry, eggs, milk, rice, cheese,_ wine,
bread, good c.othing, a warm dwelling, and a horse to ride. It
is true he has no newspaper to inflame his passions, nor a knife
and fork to eat with, nor a bedstead to lie on, and therefore
may be considered by some people an object of pity.—SLAD.CS
TRAVELS (a very clever book).
THE BELL-SHAPED SEA-NETTLE.—(Medusa Campanulata.)—
Whoever has been in the habit of walking on the sea shore,
must have observed, when the tide has retired, a number of
substances, lying on the sand, in appearance like masses of
jelly; in the summer season they are extremely abundant, and
in warmer climates are found of a very large size. These sub-
stances, notwithstanding their appearance, will be found on
examination to be living bodies, and as perfectly formed for all
the purposes of their nature, as any other part of the works of
the great Creator. '1 heir bodies are nearly transparent, and
the different organs they enclose are faintly visible to the eye;
their form is that of a saucer upside down, and the mouth is
placed below. The outward edge of this body is furnished with
numerous arms, which gr,duady taper towards the ends, where
they appear like so many threads; with these arms, the crea-
ture is able to convey its food to its mouth; small fish, or any
other animal substance that comes within its reach, afford it the
means of subsistence. The indigestible parts of the food which
are swallowed, are, after a time, returned by means of the
mouth. Many varieties of the medusa are phosphorescent;
that is, they shine at night with a pale blue flame, like that of
phosphorus, and their appearance, when floating in large groups
on the surface of the sea, on a dark night, is extremely beau-
tiful. Some species have the power of benumbing the hand,
when touched, and have had the name of sea-nettles applied to
them. The appearance of many is peculiarly gracefui and ele-
gant, from the delicate colours with which they are adorned.
The bodies of some among them are of a light azure blue, the
border surrounded with the appearance of golden beads like a
coronet, from which stream, in every direction, delicate threads
of a bright carmine colour; in short, almost all those that are
found in warmer climates have something pleasing either in
form or colour. Its natural size is about one inch in width.
It is an inhabitant of the Greenland seas.—Satarday Magazine.

THE GREAT SOUTH AMERICA"( LANTERN-FLY.—The variety
so observable in all the handiworks of nature, is not more end-
less than the beauty displayed by each individual form. The
traveller who first observed this curious insect, would hardly
• have ventured to describe its peculiarities on his own single
authority, its appearance being so unlike any thing before
known. To have said that it throws out a light, bright enough
to read the smallest print by, and that, when several were tied
to the end of a stick, they afforded nearly as much light as a
torch, would hardly have met with belief; yet both these facts
are undoubtedly true. The part of the insect in which this
property is seated, is the head, which is large, and of an oblong
shape; during the day, it is transparent like a bladder, and
delicately marked with red and green. The body is ornamented
with the same colours, but much more brilliantly. It is a native
of South America, and common in Surinam. Madame Merian,
the celebrated writer on insects, gives an interesting description
of the effect produced by their appearance at night. " Some
Indians having one day brought a number of lantern flies, I put
them into a great box, being at that time ignorant of their lumi-
nous properties. During the night, hearing a nosie, 1 jumped
out of bed, and a candie being brought to me, I 'soon found that
the sound came from the box, which I quickly opened; but,
frightened at seeing a flame, or, 1 should rather say, as many
flames as there were insects, proceed from it, I at first dropped
it. Having recovered, however, from my astonishment, or
rather fright, I recaptured all my insects, in admiration of their
splendid ,appearance."—Of the lantern flies there are several
kinds; the most noted of which are, the species found in South
America, and another, less in size, which is frequent in China.
The only English insect that possesses. this luminous power in
any degree, is the glow-worm, the female of which may be Ire-
quent4 found on a moist bank, in a warm evening of autumn,
giving out a feeble blue light, of sufficient power to tinge the
blades of grass, to about the distance of an inch around it.--
Saturday Magazine.

POP:TRY AND POLITICS.-All genuine poets are fervid po-
liticians. Perhaps we owe the inimitable Rape of the Lock"
to the physical weakness of the author, and his consequent
determination to excel in sofa and lap-dog poetry; yet was
not he, vas not Pope himself, a politician ? Aye, and a great
one. W hat is poets), but impassioned truth—philosophy in its
essence—the spirit of that bright consummate flower whose root
is in our bosoms? Are.there no politics in Hamlet ? Is not
the drama of Wallenstein, a sublime political treatise ? Napo-
deon was a great poet, when pointing to the pyramids he said
to his army ?—" Forty centuries look down upon us !" Per-
haps the finest poem in the world is the declaration of Newton
-relative to his discoveries—" That he was only like a child
gathering pebbles on the shore, While the great ocean of truth
lay undiscoveied before him !" The sagacious Bacon and the
pious 'Taylor were both poets of a high order, and I will engage
to quote as fine illustrative poetry as ever was written from the
prose of Jeremy Bentham. All true and lasting poetry is rooted
m the business of life ' • that of Burns, for instance, would have
lost half its value, and have been forgotten, or perhaps never
heard of had it not reflected the eofours of the wonderful age
that was passing over him. How else happens it that the
proudest peer finds himself unable to despise Willie's vulgar
" peck o' maut ?" that the vilest horoughinonger is compelled
to join in the poet's hearty welcome of " Dutnourier to his
despots," and that in a country where poverty and truth are
criminal, the lips of fine gentlemen are familiar with the name
of a gauger? Where will our children look for the liviny cha-
racter of the year 1793? Will Burke the turn-coat inform
them " that titles (rank in oriy.) are but the guinea's stamp?"
Or will they learn from the writings of Burns, and from his life,
that during a certain crusade of ignominy it was necessary, yet
perilous, and his case fatal to say, " the man's the goud for a'
that."—Preface to " COM Law Rhymes."

AN EXTRAORDINARY ANTIQUES.-411*. Luke Gibson, of Tem-
plepatrick, in a letter to the Guardian, states, that he has disco-
vered, in the towniand of Ballynaman, within one mile of Glass-
lough, Cicny Cooney, better known by the name of Cicily
Battle. She is 130 years of age, her youngest daughter is bu,
and what is most extraordinary, she never took a doctor's drug
in all her life, nor was a lancet ever applied to her frame. She
is perfectly free of affections of the chest, and, during the last
century of her life, she has been a perfect stranger to pain, and
her pulse does not exceed 7U. Her grandfather died at the good
old age of 129. Her father, John Cooney, was bred in the town
of Donegal and followed the army of James to Mayo, where he
pied in the 120th year of his age.
BAD EFFECTS OF SMOKING TOBACCO.—The practice of smok-
ing is now so general, that our atmosphere is strongly poisoned
with tobacco smoke. The air is sufficiently impure in this me-
tropolis without further contamination. At every corner we see
a number of pipes or cigars, especially in the mouths of boys
and young men. The had efiects of tobacco are first produced
on the glands of the mouth, which form the saliva; these are ex-
cited and form an increased quantity of this fluid, which, in-
stead of passing into the stomach, to assist in digesting the food,
is expelled from the mouth. Great smokers have weakened
powers of digestion and are subject to bilious and nervous com-
plaints, lowness of spirits, and diseases of the lungs and brain.
The German medical writers allege, that of twenty deaths of
men, between the ages of eighteen and thirty-five years, ten are
destroyed by tobacco. This substance is one of the most pow-
erful narcotics and debilitants; will produce stupor, drowsiness,
head ache, vomiting, and defective vision, when used in excess;
and, therefore, when long continued, and frequently employed,
must be injurious to health.—London Medical and Surgical
Journal.

MATTHEWS THE SMUGGLER.—When I found myself in the
cabin with the bold outlaw—for Matthews had been legally de-
nounced for many daring and successful contests with the reve-
nue—l could not but admire the thorough indifference to pos-
sible consequences which this singutar personage exhibited.
lie knew that several men-of-war were at that moment cruising
on•the station, and that they had been apprised he had sauces
flour Flushing, and that this coast was the spot selected by the
owners to effect the landing ; yet he laughed and drank as gaily
as 1 should in a club-house, and despatched the messages winch
were occasionally brought down with perfect nonchalance. He
spoke principally of his own exploits, and the scene was ad-
mirably in keeping. Around the cabin, muskets, pistols, and
blunderbusses were secured in arm-racks, and cutlasses and
tomahawks were suspended from the buck-heads. His had been
a wild career; and though not past the middle age, his life
teemed with "perilous adventure." I was so much amused
with his varied narratives of brave attempts and desperate suc-
cesses, that the second hour slipped away before I rose and took
my departure. On regaining tne deck the hurry of the business
was over. 'I he contraband cargo .had been replaced by stone
ballast; for, by previous arrangement, each boat brought a
quantity of shingle from the beach, and hence the smuggler
was already in trim and ready to stand out to sea. lhis• noto-
rious vessel was considered in size and sailing superior to any
of a similar class, and her voyages had been numerous and
successful. Her armament was formidable; 16 heavy carro-
nudes were extended along the deck, with two long brass guns
of a smaller calibre, and every other appurtenance of war was
in perfect efficiency. But the most striking object was her
ferocious-looking, but magnificent clew; they seemed only
formed for "the battle and the breeze," and well justified their
wild commander's boast, "that he could thrash any cruiser of
his own size, and land his cargo in six hours afterwards." Vv e
left the vessel; and, to judge by the kegs and cases stowed away
in the gig, my cousin had, not been forgotten in the general
distribution. The outlaw stood upon a carronade, and waved
his hand as we. pulled from the ship's side;. and in a short time
set his head-sails and stood of to sea with the ebb tide and a
spanking breeze, which carrietl him out of sight directly. This
was fated to be the fast' landing of the Jane, and the last exploit
of her commander; She foundered on her next voyage, and
every person on board perished with the vessel.—Wilii Sports of
the West.

CHRISTMAS COMES BUT ONCE A YEAR.—It is easy to give
good advice, and sometimes difficult to follow it. But good
advice should be given, nevertheless, if it were only to sword
people au opportunity of embracing it. '1 here are certain
sallies so obvious, that we suffer them to escape altogether, in
the confidence that we cannot miss their performance. 'this is
a season of duties, as well as enjoyment; and the fulfilment of
the duties is the most satisfactory of ail the enjoyments. Merry
Christmas! happy Christmas ! are joyful phrases to the ears of
the well-housed and weir-provided ; but how do they smite on
the ears of the poor and the desolate, the wretches forsaken by
fortune, and abandoned to misery ? If those who are gladden-
ed by the approach of the annual festival of our common
refi-
gion were to make to themselves a picture of the famishing
outcasts, that cannot even light up a bramble on their cold
hearths to welcome the returning anniversary, they would find
no slight share of their own happiness to consist in contributing
something to the happiness of others. 'the good cheer of the
hall would not be much diminished by a trifling levy for the cheer-
less without. Every body can spare something; and the small-
est kindness, lin proportion to the means of him who bestows,
will have its ample reward in the double blessing of the giver
and the receiver. 'there are a thousand trifling resources at the
command of the least wealthy, by which they could alleviate
the wants of those who want food and clothes. We never miss
the crumb or the garment that is bestowed in charity. 'the
worst of it is that we are accustomed to look upon Christmas
as a season of gifts and courtesies, and that we employ ourselves
in divising presents for those who do not need them, that we
May maintain ourselveS in the estimation of our friends; in-
stead of extending bur sympathies where they would be telt as
a boon, that we-might maintain ourselves in our own estimation.
There is More money given away at Christmas to servants, and
more expensive offerings to young people, than would save multi-
tudes of families from passing the day without fire or food. Can
we not compromise with this pleasant usage, and dedicate a floc-
Lion of what we propose to expend, to the houseless, the friend-
less, and the sick? Now that the science of social economy is
beginning to be better understood, the poor are likeiy to be
better cared for. But, after ail, they will not meet such kind-
nesses as were Stored up for them in old times,, when Christmas
came like a gladdener of hearts unto men, and spread smiles
over the land. The ancient rites- are'rapidly- failing into decay.
Their last strong-hold is the North, and even there the pressure
of domestic difficulty spoils the relish for benevolent supersti-
tion, and nothing remains but the desire to furnish the calf
without its garlands of triumph and rejoicing. 1. he " waits"
are dying in the metropolis. 'their melancholy music is rarely
heard floating on the frosty air, and disturbing the night with
the mixed associations of by-gone pain and departed pleasure.
Time, the great innovator, has broken the goluen wand of the
enchanter, and seared up the springs of the festive poetry of the
heart. Yet how Druid-like is our ideal impersonation of hear-
ty and venerable Christmas ! We may banish his circles of
magic, his grotesque feats of merriment, his gatherings, his
quips and cranks, his apples and puddings, his smoking sirloins
and bowls of royal punch, his bands of masquers, his tricks and
disguises, his invocations, songs, and revels; but we cannot
banish our reverence for the Ancient of Days. His shadow
darkens the door-way. and casts before the fretted outline of
thoewmig five sse,t,ofiewreath, and the holly boughs, and droping berries.
lie advances upon us with a reverend air, his blanched beard
flowing
kneives in length" down his mantle of snow
He bath the Druid's look of inspiration; but there is no goluen
fatx in his girdle, no wicker cage at his foot, no cry of human
agony rings in his ear, and flames springing from the blood of
immolated victims " sear not his eye-bads. "the cross is em-
broidered on his bosom, and its benevolence and charities are
typified in his face. This is lie with whom Woden vainly strug-
g,ed to keep Valhalla—he' who struck down the father of the
gods in his own tempie—to whom Lis yielded his sovereignty in
Hades--before whom Brahma quails, and the Ishadnas bow
pown, and Juggernaut descends from his car of victory. '1 his
-is he, merry Noel, who fought under the banners of Constan-
tine, and before whom Saladin vailed the turban. 'the welcome
of the heart to thee, patriarch of many centuries, who, coming
but once a year, cometh in joy and glory, full of hope, and
prayer, and promise. \V hat scenes sloth not Christmas visit
on this occasion—what sad aspects doth he not gaze upon—and
what thoughtless jest-makers uoth he surprise in their mischief.
He peeps into the cells of Ham, and bringeth comfort to the
condemned of the Revolution; he visits old Chasse in his for-
tress, and they make a jovial night together, even although it
prove that Veteran's last; at Blaye he cheers the imprisoned
Ruches de Berri, who forgets her griefs in his honoured com-
pany; at Oporto he intercedes for an armistice, and the soldiers
drop their weapons and carouse; he is every where a Comforter,
and even the poor and homeless he cometh not without pleasur-
able remembrances of the Past, when they receive him with
" nods, and becks and wreathed smiles," and when Poverty
had not stricken them down, and there was a light of future
brightly burning on tl eir path. '1 here are none so poor to
whom Christmas dolls not come laden with some consolation,
either of time that has been and that may be again, or of that
fortitude which girdeth the mind for its toils, and streugtheneth
man in wisdom and patience. Be jovial, then, with old Christ-
mas ; we may nut often meet again, and as we know not whether
there may be Yule clogs or wassail cups in the Place of Sha-
dows, let us have them here. Let the blaze mount to the roof,
and bid the cup mantle to the brim—a health, a welcome, and a
safe and prosperous return this time twelvemonths' hence,. to
GOOD OLD CHRISTMAS I—Atlas.

ELLC PION FOR THE SOUTH DIVISION OF THE
COUNTY OF NOTTING hAM.

The nomination for the South Division of the County took
place on Monday, at Newark. About ten o'clock the Earl of
Lincoln arrived, escorted by about two hundred horsemen ;
and shortly afterwards Mr. Denison came in, most respeCtably
attended. After the usual preliminary readings and oaths,
JOHN SMITH WRIGHT, Esq., of ktempstone, proposed John
Evelyn Denison, Esq., as a proper person to represent that
division of the Uounty of Nottingham in Parliament; and the
Rev. E. L."I'IIORNTON seconded that nomination.
Sir R. H. BROMLEY, Bart., then put in nomination the Earl
of Lincoln, which was seconded by JOHN EstairroN Was.
coma, Esq.
A show of hands took place, and there being no opposition,
John Evelyn Denison, Esq., and the Earl of Lincoln were
declared duly elected, and their swords were girded on at
Knights of the Shire.
JOHN EVELYN DENISON, Esq. then addressed the assem-
blage as follows :—With whatever degree of confidence from
the uniform kindness that I have experienced at your hands, I
might have come this day to the hail, I was not prepared for so
great and extraordinary a mark of favor; nor dio 1 expect that
the first words which 1 should have to address to you would be
spoken as your elected representative; words of thanks for your
confidence bestowed, rather than an exposition of the grounds
on which that confidence was sought. from the bottom of my
heart 1 thank you. Before I enter on any general topics, you
must allow me to return my thanks to my two friends, who have
introduced me to your notice to day, with expressions indeed of
too indulgent partiality, far overrating my abilities, though not
my disposition to serve you. Gentlemen, you have been told
to day that you are met to elect representatives to the first re-
formed parliament. The novelty of the scene berme us, the
attendance of the High Sheriff at this place, wouldof them-
selves remind us that we stand at the commencement of a new
political era. Your first duty under the reform hitt commences
this day. To that measure 1 was a party; and if I were to at-
tempt to describe to you in a word the disposition with which
I should enter upon your service, it would be to obtain for you
ail the,legitimate fruits that may be derived from that measure.
Its end, good government; by uprooting ail abuses, ecciesiasti-
cal or civil, in every department of the state—the enforcement
of a strict and rigid economy, the diminution 01 taxation where-
ever practicable, the removal of its pressure from the shoulders
of those reast abie, to the shoulders of those best able to bear
it. But neither must we forget, while we are remanding for the
popular branch of the legislature its full expanded lights, that
we must not invade the privileges of the co-ordinate brand'',
and we must respect the prerogative, and uphold the dignity
the crown. Such are the principles which should actuate a re;
formed house of commons. Need I say should actuate ? Had
1 been addressing you ten days back, this might have been 0,
question of hope, of doubtful anticipation; but the progress of
the elections has changed hope into confidence, and doubt into
certainty. Look at the great untried constituencies of the me-
tropoiis, where every means has been attempted to excite, 10
mislead, to amide. The day of election arrived, the true send'
went of the public pronounced. itself, order and moderation
prevailed, the demon of faction was at once laid in the largest
city of the empire and of the world, and the pledge-be-spat'
tered demagogues stand objects of riuieule and contempt to
their own misguided followers. -Gentlemen, you wilt expect
me to enter more particulatly on some topics of prevailing in
terest at the present moment. None can exceed in importane,
the interests of agriculture. In my first audress to you I sail
that as in the new balance of political power under the reform bill
a great increase of strength was conceded to the inhabitants of the
large manufacturing and trading towns, it became mot e especially
the duty of the members for counties to attena to the interests of this
land. Let me not be misunderstood to believe that the interests Of
those classes are separate and distinct; if I had held so foolish
an opinion, my canvas through the county would have dispelle
it, where the just and reasonable sentiment prevails that those
interests must stand and fan together; and that prices not eS'
travagantly high, but reasonable and steady, will be found most
advantageous to both. In my opinion the present corn la'
had better Hot be tampered with. The objections to a pan:
duty, without reference to variation of price, are, that it was'
sometimes be too high, and sometimes too low, and by the veil
circumstance that it does not itself vary, while the other quail;
titles is perpetually varying, it would be introducing perpetuP.
inequalities. But a scale of duties, such as we have at present!'
varying inversely with the price of corn, correcting the execs,:
and making up the deficiency, seems calculated in reason, and
appears in practice, to attold the best chance of
.general steads'
ness, a property more valuable, even than occasional cheapno'
in the subsistence of the people. This opinion appears to meet
with your approbation. You will be glad to hear that one Who
speaks with much more weight and authority than 1 can pre;
tend to do, has expressed opinions not very dissimilar, for
see that Lord Althorpe, at his election in /Northamptonshire:
said that thOugh, in his opinion, the pregent corn laws had 11°'
perfectly answered their object, yet, amongst the many Me'
tant questions which pressed for consicteration, he aid not end
;
merate them, and he would gladly see them left at lest. But
the happiness of rural life, and the welfare of the agricultural
classes do not by any means solely depend on these la,v,s;
Many others require our consideration; the regulation of the
poor laws—the reduction of the county rates—the iniproverrien(
of the condition of the labouring ciasses—and the means ,
more completely identifying their interests with our own, hal`,
all occupied, and shall continue to occupy, my unceasing attaci
tion. 'these, to some, may appear humble and undigniti!
topics, but they concern that class who, in every cow:null
form far the largest number, and to me none appear more 1,
teresting or important. I come next to a subject 'which,:o
point of feeling, excites an.interest still more lively and acute'
I mean the question of colonial slavery. shall not, I believe;
misinterpret the feeling of this county, when I state it to be 8i
~
unequivocal abhorrence of slavery in the abstract, a detain',
nation to improve the condition of the slave, as a means
_.°;
elevating him to freedom. It is not my purpose to excite You ,
feelings, rather is it to call your deliberate judgment into e0!1,,'
sel upon the best course to pursue on this important and dish'
cult subjct. We must remember that it is our duty
it
°P
to do thee greatest yossible good, but to do it with the ntlict!_.°4
of the least possible evil; and I have been happy to
that among those Most eager to hasten the day of
pation, a foil sense of the intermediate difficulties pro.°
Let it be our study, by film, but temperate pet,:everan,ce;
to overcome these, and so to grant freedom, that to all
may be a source of unqualified hiessing. On this, as on
other subjects, your zeaious servant anti your honest couriselor
tc,
you will ruways find sue; a flatterer you would not wish me I
be. I should here be content to slop, if it were not that e
would entreat your attention for a moment to a matter in set;
degree more personal to myself. 'You have bet u told thatitrie
independence of the county has been sacrificed to an aristn • re
tic alliance. I repel the assertion. I nisi, to expose berloviii
you the whole course of my conduct in this ejectoni. I As
keep nothing from you from its commencement to its close.
the Reform Biil divided the county, and constituted CPI
division a separate county for the purposes of representaticlii!eb
always thought that the line, wherever it might fad, wl 0,1
prescribes those boundaries, would prescribe also for meded
duty. When I first came down to the county I beard it, in 01
ernanclis,
generally surmised, that I should accompany my colleague, Lout
Lumley, into the northern division, and then endeavour,y,
secure for both of us a quiet re-election; but the line of sty,
Reform Bill had placed my property and lesidence in these I",;
I could not indeed overlook that I. possessed the advantage 4
connection and many- friendships' of great influence and I,.'it
erful support in the northern division, but on that inituenLeter
would be presumed that I leant, and not on my own eharaet'be
and conduct, and I could not for a moment hesitate in Q
choice. I wrote to my friends—the Duke of Portland aroo'l,s
others, stating my decision,—that I was aware it would sepat:o
me from the advantage of great support, but that if 1 saiert
the House of Commons at all, I must sit in the irit of pe,,t, of
independence. The answer of my ilienus and the Duke
Portland was, that they perfectly agreed in the propriety °:ioes
decision. Does this look like an aristocratic alliance--qv
this look like a sacrifice of the indepenuence of the countYt'he
like a preference of private to public interests ? It Thigh esti
charged with want of wisdom or want of prudence,—it ope
hardly be said to be wanting in independence. In the e°, for
of my canvass I have unifo.mly conlincd mysull to askittef.
one vote for myself, lute' feting between the other calla'
neither with hostility nor partiality. Is there 'ally.seniblanetiati
an aristoct atic alliance in this ? But pei haps it is to be I° to
in the closing scene, which has brought only two candidntetot
the nomination. A:misconception has, I know, prevailed.
„irie
Mr. Norton's retirement was occasioned by tome comprOtbe
between himsolf and me. Nothing can be further ft orO wbe
truth. '1 here are others present—friends of Mr. Not tau'',t
can spe4k more accurately on the subject than I can; 'dies
truth it was a most simple proceeding,—one of the utivan
of the registration of votes Is,- that enables cautheates to c_814.0
late with some accuracy their chances of success. Mr.
submitted his canvass to his friends, and on a carefm
ation of it, it appeared to them not to be of it nature to .I,`'rtoo
expectations of ultimate success, they recommenced Mr. Mtvif
to withdraw, and he without hesitation compiled witl!,. of o
advice; acting, as it ap:xars to me, in the true siririLt toe!
gentleman : for as the spirit of' a gentleman would direc;a tt
,
to pursue with eagerness any object he had itudertn*-aleol
would equally direct him not to persevere in a wanton, frtl:ot'
or vexatious struggle. I can only say, that if' I had been
