THE WAR MINISTER.

A minister, in days of yore,
(Renown'd for vacillation)
Declared he ne'er would have a war
Without just provocation.

" Peace, Peace," he cried, " the Gods for us
•` Have kept in reservation !
" What greater blessing can there be,
" To a commercial nation !
" A warts an expensive thing,
The cause of dire taxation!"
Thus did he preach, and then begin,
His protocolization.
Not Althorp's self is such a fool
As he, at writing letters ;
//is only fault, good easy Man.
Is in the writing figures.
0 Palmerston ! 0 Palmerston !
Thy Country's admiration 1
How well thuu'rt suited for thy post !
O'er this reforming nation !

For Palmerston's a man of sense,
Of varied information,
Which lie his gained by keeping place
In each Administration.

Of Londonderry, Canning, grey.
'He Speaks in admiration,
Winne in the joys of Office he
Lias had participation.
The Gods be.thanked, and. Palmerston,
For all our Reformation,
PM may the Gods deliver us
From such irifiituation.

THE FASCINATION;
(Prom Me My Opera of the Nuimery; or Ht, Mary's

ABOITATIVE AND BALLAD,

Tlic,tilUCC9S HELEN ill the Abbey- of JoN.t.

RECITATIVE.
In vain, in vain I strive, to hankhfrorn ray mind,
The FasciutiOn that inthrals me with its spell,
In this deep solitude will biisy fancy find
Ilia Voice. - those thrilling accents I have loved soma

BALLA.D.

Tho' !Tolle no more my bosom cheer,
Fond Hope to call thee Mine,
This drooping heart ttill holds thee dear,
And all my thoughts are thine.
With brol:en vows, with proud disdain,
Thou art not charged blame :
My tears, my, sighs, this throbbing pun,
Are all unknown to thee.

No eye shall mark my silent tear,
To pry to whom 'tin given ;
Iffy secret sigh shall reach ne'ear,
None alio ie my grief nod, lies:ven.;
The chilly hand ((mute dt:stniir,
Shan ivttstethcac vaunted charms ;
Can-Timo relieve Yrtybo3orei care,
Or letil !llNlee,s 430211147

CORRESPONDENCE.

TO THOMAS THORNELY, ESQ,

(Favoured per the Liverpool Standard)
DEAR THOMAS,—I received your circular, asking whether I
approved of your opinions and would give you a vote.
As suffrages are not obtained like consignments, it appears
strange that you have not followed the example of all former
candidates, and boldly made your appearance on 'Change,
where, by stating your opinions, you could ascertain whether
they were in coincidence with those of your brother merchants.
Hoping the Packet now off (the Napoleon) will bring you
orders to-do so,-1 remain dear Thomas, yours truly,
A BRITISH MERCHANT.

Water-street, Nov. 28th.

THE DISSENTERS.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDillia
Si u,—l was much gratified with the retractatien,' contained
in your last paper, of the offensive expressions promulgated in
your first number with regard to Dissenters. Not; that any
taunts of yours should have induced me to be instrumental in
sending. to the .great council of the nation one who is an infidel
as to the Christian scheme .of. redemption. But, Sir, I confess
I was hurt at being associated with that class to. which Mr.
Thornely belongs, as I felt indignant at his pronouncing him-
self; ostentatiously, one of the great body of Dissenters, who, I
assure you, utterly repudiate his creed, if such it may be called.
No, Sir, though Dissenters in form from the Church of Eng-
land, in the main points of doctrine 1 trust we agree with her;
and, in so doing, inflow the steps of the holiest martyrs and
wisest theologians this nation has produced. I trust, Sir, my
religious principles will ever prevent.my voting for Mr. Thorne-
ly, or any of his school, and will always entitle me to subscribe
myself AN ORTHODOX CHRISTIAN.

BRITISH COLONIAL SLAVERY.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

Stu,—With those who contend that every
.particle of the
Mosaic law, moral as well as ceremonial, ecclesiastical or civil,
was abrogated at the appearance of the Harbinger of Peace,
the arguments of your correspondent Sham, powerful and cor-
rect as they unquestionably, are, will lose some of their force;
and, since the holders of opinions such as these are to be found,
in numbers by no means inconsiderable, among the ranks of
the unconditional abolitionists, I hope you will allow me to
show, however hostile, the idea of slavery may be to us, enjoy-
ing, as we do, the glorious boon ,of freedom, and unjustly attach-
ing, as we do, to the name slnre,—without any extenuations
arising from time and place,—everything that is debasing and
degrading in human nature, that, under the Christian dispen-
sation, it is no more sinful to be a slave-owner than to have
servants and workmen amenable to our authority.

And, before proceeding a single step, let me remark an 4*-:
jection which stands in the very threshold of the argument,.
namely, that doulos (although properly an adjective, signifying
bound, contracted from deolus, and derived from deu, to
and otos, altogether) ought not, in the New Testament, to be
rendered slave, since we are called doulos Christocc. Is the
thraldom of sin bondage ? douloq is the word used, for want of
an harsher to express the relation in which the sinner stands
to the " Prince of the air.'.' Under the old. dispensation,
Moses and Joshua, and afterwards the prophets, were called
douloi Theou, from, the devotedness of the service; and. hence
the same term was applied to the Apostles and the ministers of
the Gospel in general.—(2 Tim. ii. 21.) Again :—The slave
has no will of his own, save in subservience to that of his mas-
ter; neither has the Christian. The slave receives no reward,
except a liberal supply of the necessaries, not to say comforts of
life; neither does the Christian, who has, indeed, the spiritual
manna with which to refresh his wearied soul, but, after he has
done all, far from reward for his services, he is to exclaim, " I
am an unprofitable servant." The slave cannot leave the ser-
vice of his master without punishment; nay, if obduracy cha-
racterise his desertion, let us, for the sake of argument, suppose
death the consequence. Neither can the Christian desert the
service of the Captain of his salvation, without receiving, in the
first instance, spiritual correction, and, his sin persisted in, the
consequence is eternal death. The parallel might be carried
farther, but what has been already said will suffice to show that
the word, doitios, in the New, Testament, as well as profane
authors,.means slave.

Now, it is a point which will be conceded on. all hands, that
the great Apostle to the Gentiles never committed a sin; yet
we find him enjoining the obedience of slaves to their masters,—
commanding their masters—not to emancipate them—but to treat
them with kindness. (The word dowlos is uniformly used when
the submission due from menials to their employers—is the sub-
ject of exhortation.
Let us, now, briefly
.glance at the history of the run-away
slave, Onesimus. Having come to Rome, he was converted to
the Christian faith, and baptised by St. Paul, with whom he
staid some time. In order, however, to repair the injury he
had done his master, he was anxious to return to him ' - and St.
Paul wrote the letter to Philemon, to entreat him to pardon
Onesimus, and receive him again into his service. Nay, in or-
der to prevent all objections onthe score of injury suffered, the
benevolent Apostle offers to reimburse it. In a word, we see
the inspired penman advocating the emancipation of Onesimus,
on the plea of expediency and courtesy, not, because to be a
slave-owner was contrary .to the gospel, of which he was the
zealous Apostle. Can we suppose, that, if, as the Anti-Slavery
Society would have us believe, on Philemon's giving Onesimus
his liberty or otherwise, depended his happiness or misery here-
after, the writer of the bpistle to the Galations would have
based his appeal on the beggarly ground of courtesy ? had
slavery been sinful, would he, who cared not for the ruin of
those engaged in the manufacture of idols for the worship of
Diana, of the Ephesians, have offered compensation to the slave-
owner for the temporary absence of his slave? Assuredly not.
Away, then, with the crude absurdities which tell us, that it is
unchristian to be a slave-owner! On the score of humanity,—
the only legitimate plea that the immediate abolitionists can
pretend to ground their objections on,—emancipation must be
gradual, and without the intervention of Orders in Council,
such as those with which Lord Goderich has attempted to legis-
late for our colonies —I am, &c.,

27:1 Nov., 1832.

CONSERVATOR.

THE CHURCH ESTABLISHMENT.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL :STaNDaRD.
SIR,—Mr. Thornely seems to consider that it is peculiar to
Dissenters to pay their own Ministers and build their own
places of worship. Ido .not want to depreciate their merit;
but, let me ask, do not Churchmen do the ,same ? There are
in this town and -neighbourhood (that is, within the limits of
the new-(angled borough) fourteen churches, built and endowed
exelesivelyJi,e members of the Church of England, besides the
'floating ehorCh; and every Churchman who can afford it pays
for his seat, and therefore pays his minister.. Where, then; is
the difference?
There is a very gross delusion in this respect on the public
mind. The chu i rch s not paid by the people. Tithes never
did belong to the people : they were given by the owners of the
' soil (not to the people, God knows,) but to the support of an
established ministry. But it is triumphantly asked-,- Did not
the legislature take the church property away from the Popish
priesthood and give it to a Protestant ministry ? No, it- did
not, Las triumphantly answer. The legislature; never touched
thaparoaltial property of the Established Church.' The property
that had been alienated from its proper uses, and desecratedlii_
the luxuries of a besotted race of monks and nuns, was surren-
dered. (on 'compulsion, I grant, but still under the forms of law,
surrendered) to King Henry VIII, and he granted it.saeri-
legiensly to his lay favourites, of who'd.. one Russel was the chief;
and Lord John, of modern Tame, ow4s his rank and powers of
mischief to the taerilegious plunder of the religious foundations
at .Woburn, Covent-garden, and Bloomsbury.
But this Was all: the parochial property, so far from being
confiscated,- was confirmed irrevocably, as far as an act of Par-
liament can confirm it, by the 27th 'of Henry VIII, which en-
acted that " every person, according to the laws and ordi-
nances of the church,'should yieid and pay his tithes, Offerings,
and altar-duos."
What, then, it will, be ,asked,.-- did not the legislatnre take
away the tithes from the Popish priests, and give them to the
PrereetintPrieets? " No; it did not.' The legislatdr did, what
every legislatiire has a right to do, it said that the Established
ministry. should • not "promise and swear true obedience" to a
foreign Prince, at the iloinish beneficed .ciqgy then 'did, and
shill del and that ,all.- who persisted in swearing this obedience
should be -made to resign their benefices ' and, in consequence
of this, fourteen-bishops, twelve deans, fourteen archdeacons,
silty canons, and one hundred beneficed priests, out of 9,4 W,
resigned; :be remainder conformed, This was atl ; and yet
-this is impudently, ca;lled a confiscation, and adduced as a pre-
cedent for robbery and spoliation now: Why the property, of
the Church WRS tietrer touched. The advowsons remained in
• the same hands, : that was required was that the clergy
should deny the supremacy of the Pope, and acknowledge the
rupremeicy of the King. Many of the best friends of the Church
ot,,England are in errrir on this point, and it is right that they
thee& lie undeceived; as for the enemies of the church it is
needless to re.vion with them—" None -are so 'blind:as those
who will not see."—Yours,&c. ANGLIOANUS.

THE, LIVERPOOL STANDARD.
