POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

EXCISE INFORMATION.—On Thursday last, a man named
William Gray, who had before been imprisoned for offences
against the excise laws, was brought before Mr. Ilall, at the
;Police-office, at the instance of Mr. Gibson, officer of excise,
on a charge of having sold to a publican three gallons of
dlicit whiskey—a sample of which was produced. Mr. Hall
said the prisoner not only distilled spirits, but went about
selling it; and as he persisted in going on in the same way,
he must visit him with an exemplary punishment. The ex
tent of the penalty was £lOO, which the magistrates might
mitigate to £25, or one-fourth. lie could not do less than
convict him in £5O, or six months hard labour in the House

of Correction. The prisoner was coinrnitted in default of

payment.

THE SMALL-TENEMENT ACT.—On Thursday, another
case of ejectment was brought before Mr. Hall, at the in-
stance of Mr. Samuel Thomas, joiner. The applicant, by
his attorney, produced the notice to quit, and the copy of the
same as delivered to the tenant. The attesting witness to
the latter was not, however, present, and it appeared that
the signature to it, and some of the words, were different
from the original notice. The case was consequently dis-
missed. The original notice had been correctly drawn out
by Mr. Hinde's clerk, (an attorney); but in the copy, the
complainant had acted for himself; and committed errors
fatal to his plea.
DISGRACEFUL ASSAULT.—On Friday, a publican, named
Robinson, was brought before Mr. Hall, on a charge of hav-
ing grievously assaulted a Poligh boy, named Joseph Moyse.
The complainant said, in broken but intelligible English,
that he had gone into the defenthint's house, where he had
often called before, to endeavour to sell some of his little
wares, (pencils, toys, &c.,) when the defendant and some
other men got hold of him, poured beer upon his head, then
put sawdust upon it, and finally cut off part of his hair, which
had hung in ringlets down his neck. An alibi was attempted
to be proved, but failed. Mr. Hall gave the accused an op-
portunity of making the matter up with the complainant, but
this being declined, the unmanly assailant was amerced in

a fine ot4)s. and costs, or three weeks imprisonment in the
Borough Gaol.
A SUSPICIOUS CHARACTER.—On Friday, Joseph Scho-
field, a youth of rather flashy exterior, and who had before
been in custody under suspicious circumstances, was brought
before Mr. Hall, at the Police-court. A police constable
stated, that on the previous night he saw the prisoner in com-
pany with another person, standing in Trowbridge-street,
and that on his going up, they separated in a rather remark-
able way. On going a little further on his round be saw the
prisoner. who immediately ran away, throwing a box of Lu-
cifer matches (produced) into an entry. The prisoner gave
a very doubtful account of himself, and his mode of life, and
was committed to Kirkdale House of Correction for 14 days.
STEALING TIN.—On Friday, an old offender, named
John Bebbington, was brought before Mr. Hall, on a charge
of stealing a block of tin, value £1 14s. 2d. from the premises
of M r. Lewis, Upper Frederick-street. It appeared that the
prisoner had broken into the warehouse, and carried off the
tin, and that while carrying it, wrapped up, in Dale-street, he
was detained by one of the police constables. Information
being given, it was found that it had been taken from Mr.
Lewis's the same night. He was committed for trial at the
sessions.

A SYSTEMATIC THIEF.—On Friday, at the Police-office,
a woman, named Sarah Cole, was fully committed to take
her trial at the sessions, on a charge of having robbed ber
mistress of a shawl. The prisoner, a native of Wales, was a
servant, and, it appears, had changed her place as often as
she thought. it convenient for heiself—she having contrived
to purloin some article or other from each of her employers
in succession for a length of time.
A ROUGH CorsFsssoa.—A master pilot was summoned
before the magistrates to answer a complaint preferred by his
wife. Mr. Davenport appeared for the complainant. He
said that she resided in Ray-street, and that the defendant,
her husband, was in the constant practice of going home
intoxicated, and behaving in a very riotous manner. Tuesday
evening last he went home, and abused and struck his wife;
and one among the various pleasant things which he said to
her was, that many men had been hung for killing a woman,
and he would be one of them. The defendant was in the
receipt of £450 a year, and all that his wife wanted was a
reasonable maintenance for herself and family. The com-
plainant testified to the truth of the statement of her solicitor,
and added that on Tuesday night, after having beaten her, be
made her go down upon her knees, and confess. Magistrate
—Confess what—your sins ? Complainant—No, sir, that I
was in the fault. Magistrate—And you did confess that to
him ? Complainant—Yes, sir. Mr. Davenport—But she
made that confession under the influence of fear. He forced
her to do it. Magistrate—How often has he made you
confess to him ? Complainant—Never before, sir; but he
has frequently threatened to take my life. Defendant—She
got me into a passion, and 1 hit her a slap on the head; that
was all. I was very sorry after. Magistrate—And why did
not you ask her pardon, then, instead of you forcing her to
go on her knees to you ? Defendant—She never went down
on her knees in her life. Ann Spencer, the servant girl, was
called, who deposed that her master got a poker, and made
his wife go down upon her knees, and confess that she was
faulty. According to her statement, the complainant, instead
of never having been having upon her knees in her life, was
in the habit of kneeling down to her lord and master, and at
those times "she begged and prayed very hard to him for her
life." Defendant—They have made up that tale between
them, sir, before they came here; they'd swear anything,
would women. Magistrate—On compulsion, do you mean ?
Defendant—No, not on compulsion. They'd swear a man's
life away, through sheer wickedness. Magistrate—Had you
not better separate ? I suppose you are quite uncomfortable
together ? Defendant—No, lam not; lam quite satisfied,
and do not wish to separate from her. Under these circum-
stances, he was ordered to find bail to keep the peace,_hiinself
in £6O, and two sureties of £3O each, and to give twenty-four
hours' notice.

MISCONDUCT OF A POLICE-OFFICER.—On Friday, a young
gentleman was brought before Mr. Hall at the Police-office,
at the instance of Robert Mettle, police constable No. 258.
Ritchie stated that at a late hour on the previous night,
(Thursday,) a gentleman came to him and said that he (the
prisoner) had knocked him down : that he (the constable)
thereupon went up with another constable and collared the
prisoner, who gave him (witness) a smart blow "across the
chops." The alleged delinquent said that he could not re-
member any thing of the circumstance; and Mr. Hall ordered
that he should pay a fine of 108 and costs. Mr. Martindale,
the superintendent of the coach department of the police,
entered the court at this moment, and stated that he regretted
that the case had been decided, inasmuch as he had accident-
ally seen the constable (Ritchie) severely maltreat the young
gentleman, by using his stave in thrusting at him. The
young man (who, it appeared, had come out of the ball at the
Town-hall, and was l►ttle elevated) was dancing merrily in
the street while the two officers had holu of him, and Ritchie
was thrusting at him with his stave. Mr. Martindale told
them there was no occasion for violence in the case, and was
himself aimed at by Ritchie with his baton, but avoided the
blow by stooping. Ritchie denied the charge of violence
against him, and said that he was surrounded by a crowd, and
if he struck at Mr. Martindale, he did not know him. Mr.
Hall, after finding from inquiry that Ritchie had been four-
teen months in the police, and had hitherto borne a good cha-
racter, consulted with his brother magistrate, and then address-
ing Ritchie, said they wished it to be understood by the police,
that though the magistrates would protect them in the dis-
charge of their duty, they would not support them, in the
slightest degree, in any dereliction of that duty; or in any
uncalled-for harsh treatment of individuals. Had it not been
that he (the constable) had been in the police for some time,
and had hitherto conducted himself properly, the magistrates
would have considered it their duty instantly to dismiss him
from his office; and when once dismissed no constable could
be again taken into employment. After a strong reprimand
of the constable, Mr. Hall said that the decision of the bench
was, that he should be suspended for one week, and forfeit
his pay for that time. He then intimated to the young gen-
tleman charged that the fine should be remitted.

ROBBERY.—Yesterday, at the Police-office, a sailor, named
George Williams, was charged with having stolen a bale of
goods, belonging to Messrs. Walter and Morris, woollen-
drapers, in Lord-street. Thomas Topp, clerk to Messrs.
Walter and Morris, deposed, that on Thursday evening, the
27th ult., he saw two pieces of calico, a piece of blue pilot
cloth, and other articles, made into a bale. He afterwards
directed the bale to Samuel Morris Rhyd Lewis, Cardigan-
shire. On Friday morning the bale was taken to John Jones,
captain of the smack " Friends," lying in the Prince's Dock.
On Friday afternoon, Captain Jones came to the shop, and
gave him some information about the bale, which induced
him to make some inquiries about it. He had seen the bale
and opened it, and found the goods as stated. Captain Jones
deposed, that about half-past ten o'clock on Friday morning,
he received the bale, and signed the delivery book• for it, and
left the bale under a shed. He missed the hale about half-
past twelve, and informed Messrs. Morris of the loss. David
Lloyd, labourer at the docks, deposed, that about half-past
twelve o'clock on Friday, he was at the Prince's Dock, when
the prisoner said to him, " Will you help me to put a bale
into a cart, and I will give you a pint of ale." The prisoner
pointed out a bale to him, and he assisted him with the bale
into a cart. A porter named John Jones seeing the bale re-
moved, suspected that all was not right, and took the number
of the cart, and gave information to Captain Jones of what
he had seen. Thomas Hall, constable No. 401, deposed, he
was informed of the robbery, and watched the cart contain-
ing the bale to a shop iu Tithebarne-street, out of which he
saw the prisoner coming. The prisoner was then taken into
custody, and the bale was given over to Messrs. Morris. The
prisoner denied the charge. He was committed to take his
trial for the offence.
PASSING BASE ColN.—Yesterday, at the Police-office, an
old man, named Thomas Killy, was charged with having
passed a base shilling at the shop of Mr. Carlyle, bookseller
and stationer, in Bold-street. Miss Sarah Grace, Mr. Car-
lyle's shopwoman, stated, that on Saturday evening the pri-
soner came into Mr. Carlyle's shop, and asked for a sheet of
letter paper, she supplied him, and be tendered her half-a-
crown. She gave him 2s. and sd. in copper, change. He
then sail to her, " give tne that half-crown back." She in-
quired " why ?" and he repeated what he had said. She
had not seen him touch the 25., and turned to the till to get
the half-crown out, which she handed to him, and he put a
penny to the 2s. sd. and gave it over to her, and walked out
of the shop. She then discovered that one of the shillings
was a bad one. The silver she had handed over to him was
good. She sent the shop-boy out after him, and he was taken
into custody. In his pockets were found half-a-crown, 2s. 2d.
in copper, a counterfeit sixpence, and some white soap, used
to dull the brightness of counterfeit shillings. He was re-
manded to await the determination of the Mint, whether ur
not they intend to prosecute him.
BUYING GAME OF UNLICENSEO PllESONS.—Yesterday, at
the Police-office, Robert Owens, game-dealer, of Scotland-
road, was summoned before the magistrates, on a charge of
having purchased game of persons without a license, con-
trary to the act of parliament. Mr. Crewe appeared on the
part of the defendant, and Mr. Davenport supported the
complaint. Mr. Crewe took as a preliminary objection,
that it did not appear on the face of the summons that the
necessary depositions had been taken. Mr. Hall said it was
not necessary, and overruled the objection. Bryan Orrett
was then sworn, and deposed that he was a labourer, residing
in Liverpool, and that on the Citli of October last be sold the
defendant eight partridges, for which he received 3s. a brace.
He had some conversation with the defendant about his (wit-
ness) having a license, and the defendant advised him to
get one as it would be safer for him. The defendant knew
well enough that he had no license. The defendant pro-
fessed to be a licensed dealer in game over his door. On be-
ing cross-examined by Mr. Crewe, the witness said that he
was not at that time iu the custody of Thomas Roberts, the
constable of. St. Asaphe, and the. informer. He had been
convicted about a fortnight before for trespass, supposed to
be after game, in the penalty of £2 and costs, and had paid
the penalty. He had told the game-keeper he could bring
some game-sellers in Liverpool to conviction. He had been
in gaol in Flint two years ago for poaching. Ile could not
tell how often he had been to Kirkdale House of Correction
for the same offence—times past count. He could not re-
collect how long he bad been in his respectable profession.
This was the informer's case. Mr. Crewe submitted that the
witness was not a credible witness, and that he was not to be
believed. He called a witness to prove that the defendant
had not eight birds in his shop on the 6tb of October. Mr.
Hall said this evidence went for nothing. There was no
doubt the witness was a poacher, but there was no evidence
to show that he had any inducement to perjure himself. The
magistrates were the judges of his credibility, and it did not
follow that because he was a poacher, he was not to be be-
lieved. The magistrates convicted the defendant in the
penalty of 40s. and casts. and to be immediately paid, and in
default to be committed to the House of Correction for one
mouth to hard labour.
Another similar information was heard against Martin
Fordham, game-seller, Liverpool. Bryan Orritt deposed,
that on the 420th of October last, he sold Martin Fordham
seven pheasants for 28s.—Mr. Crewe: " Perhaps you will
tell us where you got those pheasants ?"—Witness : " That's
known to myself. I found 'ern."—Mr. Crewe ; " Where

..

in a lane?'--Witness: "Yea."—Mr. Crewe: " Will
swear you found them in a lane?"—" No."—" Where
you find them ?"—(No answer.)—Mr. Hall: " Were
alldead ?"--Witncss : " No; all alive."----Mr.
" Where ?"--Witness: "In a net."--(A laugh.)--
Crewe: "Did you find them by chance ?"—Witness:
with good seeking after."—(Laughter.)—" In what
prisons, pray, have you been for poaching?"—" Ah, t:
known to myself."—" Then, sir, 1 must request you I
me ?"—" Then, sir, I must request that I won't tell yo
(A laugh.)—The Magistrate intimated that he ought I,
Mr. Crewe: " What jails were they ?"—" Oh, nothing
ticular : have been in Bridewell."—" What kind wei
pheasants?"—" They had long tails."—(Laughter.).
Hail: " Four shillings each was a very small sum ft
them for ?"—Witness : " Some of them were Young'
were not as they ought to be, or else I never sell midi
shillings.—(Laughter.)—Mr. Hall convicted the defe,
in the same penalty. He hoped this would be a cant
game-dealers They were liable to a penalty of £l'
such characters as the witness were not encouraged,
would cease to poach. They were acting the parts of r,
ers of stolen goods in buying game under such circumsti
He wished it to be understood that if any more case
brought before him, he must increase the penalty.

LIVERPOOL LOST.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

SlR,—Happening to be in the "auncient and loyale cittie"
of Chester on Monday last, I called upon a most intimate
acquaintance there, with the view of taking with him an early
"family dinner," previous to my return home. I found my
friend—who'looked, I thought, more than usually important
—at home, and we had not been long seated before he told
me, that be was very happy to say there was every probabi-
lity that Chester would soon " go a-head" of Liverpool in
mercantile matters—that an important improvement of the
river Dee would soon be effected—that there was to be a
meeting upon the subject at the Town-hall on that day—that
the Chester and Crewe Railway Company would find all the
money necessary for the complete restoration of the port—
that all the export trade of the Potteries would come through
Chester, as the. Railway Company were about to make an
extension line from Crewe to the Potteries, and also docks
at Chester—and in short, said my friend, "Chester must
supersede Liverpool in a very great degree." All this, you
may be sure, Sir, fell upon my astonished senses like the roar
of many waters. I was completely flabbergasted and obflus-
ticated. " What then," thought I, "is to be done? Liver-
pool superseded !! Psbaw ! it can't be. However, I may
as well, through my very excellent friend here, get admission
to the meeting, and note what passes." I therefore proposed
to my friend to accompany him to the meeting, to which he
at once assented; and by way of filling up the short time
before the meeting, which was called for twelve o'clock, I
thought it would be as well to ascertain from a professional
friend in the town what the prospects of this mighty Railway
Company, which had taken the port and trade of Chester
under its protection, really were; and I soon learnt frOm
him that the Company in question was formed two years ago,
for making a railway from Chester to the Crewe station of
the Grand Junction Railway, in continuation of the Birken-
head and Chester line—that its capital was .£250,000, such
being the cost of the proposed line, as estimated by Mr. Geo.
Stephenson, who is, as you know, remarkable for over-esti-
mating all his works—that the Company have given notices
for the next session of parliament for two extensions of their
line (one being from Crewe to the Potteries), and for ducks
at Chester;—all which, it is supposed, is to be executed out
of their £250,000. On my asking whether the rich men in
the Potteries were earnest supporters of these plans, my friend
answered, "Not one: 1 believe," said he, "there is nut a
shareholder in the Potteries." With this information I re-
turned to the friend with whom I bad fixed to attend the
meeting, and away we wear. Arrived at the Town-hall, I
found a few respectably-dressed persons assembled, and the
business already begun; my friend whispering me that it
was a very full meeting, though this did not appear to me,
perhaps from my having been accustomed to attend meetings
here : there appeared about as many present as one sees at a
broker's office on an important sale-day. The Mayor was in
the chair, and on our entrance was stating that a committee
of gentlemen in the town bad some time ago subscribed to
obtain Sir John Rennie's opinion upon the capabilities of
the river, and the chairman of that committee was called
upon to state what had been done; this he 'did, and he also
stated that another opinion upon toe subject had been volun-
teered by Mr. Russell, which it appeared differed in some
very essential points from that of Sir John Rennie. A gen-
tleman whose oratorical flourishes—of his hand!—gave pro-
mise of something great, then made a statement of the num-
ber of vessels trading to Chester, with the tonnage, &c.; and
I was led to imagine. from the large way he talked of the
important commercial interests of Chester, that he must be
one of the leading merchants of the place. Judge of my
astonishment and amusement, Mr. Editor, when I learnt
that he was—a milliner !! A milliner talking of ships and
tonnage!! ! Shade of the immortal Gresham! can such
things be, and thou not leave thy blest abodes to assume
mortality, and wither with a look the presumptuous wretch
who, leaving his caps and bonnets, dares to meddle with i
matters fit only at the. present day for the masculine genius
of a Baring or a Browne !
Not to trouble you, Mr. Editor, with all that passed at this
celebrated meeting—the committee which had paid Sir John
Rennie for his report and survey was superseded, (I could
not exactly see why,) and another appointed to consider
what shall be done, and to report to a future meeting. A
very respectable old gentleman iu spectacles here very mildly
rather insinuated that the committee named was a little too
like a " second edition uncorrected" of the Chester and
Crewe Railway directory, and that it would not be for the
welfare of the town that this matter should fall from the
hands of one grasping public company into those of another.
These observations were met by the Mayor (who appears,
like one or two of our own "dear cousins and Councillors,"
always ready to shew fight) in a flippant and, for a chair-
man, most unbecoming speech, apparently because he hap-
pened to be a railway shareholder; and he was "followed on
the same side," as the lawyers say, by a powerfully angry
little gent in black, who evidently stands well with himselt,
and tried hard to make the meeting believe him the fine
fellow he takes himself for :—he, I was told, is one of the
bankers of the company. A gentleman near us, on the
names of the new or substituted committee being read over,
appeared exceeding wroth, declaring that the best interests
of the town had fallen iuto the bands of a clique—that the
former committee ought to have been reappointed, as they
had spent their money in inquiries into the subject--that Sir
John Rennie ought to have been called upon to review his
former opinion—and that he was quite sure it would all end
in smoke.

Being determined to let you know all the ins and outs of
the matter, and by how slender a thread our commercial
existence depends, I went again to my friend the lawyer,
who appeared to take the same view of the matter as our
angry neighbour at the meeting, and who told me that he
was convinced, if the Chester and Crewe-Railway Company
complete the works they are at present engaged upon, setting
aside both extensions and docks, it will be quite as much as
they can manage, without placing their protecting pinions
over the navigation of the Dee. Thus reassured, I came to
the conclusion, Mr. Editor, that we need be under no very
immediate apprehension of a commercial dissolution. The
Chester Railway Company has neither the cap of Fortunatus
nor the widow's cruse: the £250.000 must come to its last
shilling, and that, too, sooner perhaps than those who have
the spending of it contemplate ;—and I returned home satis-
fied, that in their hands the "important improvement in the
Dee" is likely to turn out "all moke"—tbat Chester is not
yet able, like "the lean kine," to swallow up Liverpool at a
gulp—nor is Liverpool yet lost.
I am, Sir, yours obediently,
Rodney-street, December 27th, 1838.

NEPOS,

ROBBERIES IN LIVERPOOL.

do
A large party is now assembled at Drayton Manor. It
consists of Lord Stanley, the Duke of Rutland and Ladl A.
Manners, Earl and Countess of Wilton, Lord Hill, Lord
Fitzroy Somerset, Lord Sutton, Sir Henry and Lady
Emily Hardin e, Right Hon. C. Arbuthnot, General Alava,
Lord. Francis Egerton, Sir Francis Head, and the Hon. Mr.
Robinson, Chief Justice of Upper Canada.

THE DUKE OF WELLINGTON'S RULES.—The extraor-
dinary facility in the despatch of business without interfering
with other pursuits to encroach upon business, for which he
was ever remarkable, seems to us to be imputable to the
following rules: —First, never to postpone anything in a
spirit of procrastination, but only when postponement was
expedient or indispensable; second, to give the preference
on every subject to broad practical views over ingenious
subtleties; third, to be guided in dealings of all kinds by
fairness, moderation and justice; and, fourth; to regard
decisions once made as final, except in very special cases.—
Edintairgh Review.
A remarkable circumstance, showing the extensive supply
of coal from this country, is now the subject of observation.
There are at this time in the Llanelly Dock, Carmarthen-
shire, ships of the largest class taking in their cargoes of
Langennech coal, and bound for nearly all parts of the
world, viz., to Suez, Mecca, Bombay, Bahia, Constantinople,
Odessa, Malta, London, Liverpool, and Marseilles; in addi-
tion to which the Shamrock steamer, sent froM Liverpool
expressly for the purpose, took on board on the Bth ult. a
cargo of Llangennech coal for the use of the Royal William
.and Liverpool steam-ships in their voyage to America.
FREE TRADE IN CORN.—The noisy advocates of free trade
in corn never tire of enlarging on their assumed importance
to the community, and on the vast amount of capital which
they represent. Let us recall to the memories of these gen-
tlemen certain facts, of which they are disposed, somehow,
tO approve themselves strangely forgetful. We are,, cer-
tainly, little disposed to underrate the importance of foreign
trade (so long as it is conducted on sound principles), or to
treat lightly the amount of capital embarked in it; but we
cannot forget that the importance of the classes connected
with the land, directly and indirectly, is more than ten times
greater than that of the classes interested in our foreign
trade. The whole amount of the capital embarked in those
pursuits, which could by possibility be rendered more lucra-
tive by the influence of free trade principles, has never been
estimated at more than 200,000,000; whilst the amount of
capital invested in land by the owners and occupiers, and in
those trades which are intimately connected with the laud,
has been computed-to exceed 2,750,000,000! The owners of
the 200,000,0(X), therefore, in demanding a repeal of the corn
laws, are simply demanding the confiscation of property ex-
ceeding in amount their own multiplied tenfold.—Netrcastle
Journal.

PROTESTANT ASSOCTATION.—On Friday a meeting of the
friends and members of the Protestant Association was held
in Exeter-hall, for the purpos- of receiving from the Rev.
Mr. Naugle some important statements with respect to the
Achill mission, and the general state of Protestantism
Ireland. The meeting was held in one of the lesser rooms',
of Exeter-hall, and was most respectably and numerously
attended. The facts brought forward by Mr. Nangle are too,'
numerous, and depend too much on detail for us io attempt
to give an abstract of them. But their perusal enables us to"
say that we heartily coincide with the following opinions of
one of the speakers at this meeting, Mr. James Cummins;
who observed, that " he had listened with intense delight to
the spirit-stirring statement which had just been made. li e
regarded that statement not only as a page in the history of
the present times, but as a solemn bill of indictment against
those who have the power and the government of the coun-
try in their hands. It was a bill of indictment, which, if
proved, as no doubt it could be proved, ought to be made the
grotinds of an impeachment. against them. (Loud cheers.)
It was a bill of indictment which would, if hied before the
public, hurl them from their seats, as unworthy to be intrusted
with power." (Loud cheers.)

DREADFUL ACCIDENT AND Loss OF SEVERAL LIVES.—
On Sunday morning, a frightful accident occurred at the
brewery of Messrs. Burgess and Wheater, Bagshaw Brow,
Salford. It seems that Messrs. Burgess and Wheater base
recently erected some new works, in liampson-street, which
when inspected, on Saturday evening last, were apparently
in so insecure a state as to call forth loud complaints—the
key-stones, or bricks, of an immense arch, having started.
This state of the new buildings being bruited abroad, crowds
hastened to the spot to satisfy themselves of the truth, and
it is merciful, that the sad calamity, which, at a later hour,
has happened, did not occur, when, as was the case, at acer-
lain time on Saturday, there were thirty or forty individuals
under the arches. now-ever, yesterday morning, the crowd
having been partially driven assay, Mr. Spencer, the tra-
veller of the, firm; a person named nutter, formerly a beer-
house-keeper in the ❑eighbourhood; and several other indi-
viduals, were permitted to go under the arch for the purpose
of inspecting it, when, dreadful to relate, ere they had been
there more than a minute, a noise, like distant thunder, was
heard, and, immediately following it, the entite mass fell on
them, and there was but toa much reason to fear, instanta-
neously buried them in the silence of death. Soon as some
slight degree of order was restored, and the shrieks of the
frightened byestanders had been quieted, strenuous exertions
were made, by digging, and other means, to release the un-

fortunates, hut after many hours bard labour, they only suc-
ceeded in releasing one poor fellow, who, though he for some
time afterwards remained insensible, and is dreadfully crush-
ed, we are happy to say, is likely to recover. The excite-
meat amongst the vast crowd, assembled round the vast pre-
mises, was extreme.
FEA lIGUS O'CoNNort.—ln the Potteries, Staffordshire,
O'Connor has somewhat changed his tone in addressing the
working men, and from his incitement to arms in other places,
has there commenced an attack on property. This person has
told the potters, the working men, that there are 130 master
potters who share annually a million's worth of their labour.
Now," says the incendiary, "£250,000 would be more than
an ample return for risk and speculation; and the remaining
£750,000 would make them independent of the three devil •
kings of Somerset House !" The property of one hundred•
and thirty masters, so many of whom have raised themselves
by their own industry, is thus covertly struck at, not merely
in a wicked, but in a most ignorant and foolish manner. Very
much in the manner that the four hundred workmen in Mr.
Jowett's mills would be declared helped by the burning down
of those mills. Where are his people how? Why, thrown
out of bread and employment, and many of them handed over
to the mercy of the poor law which they hail been taught to
decry. Have not the fools who fired farming stuck in Kent
and Sussex, been again told that their wickedness is only
equalled by their folly, since the amount of loss is made up by
the Insurance Offices, and the destruction of farming pro-
duce tends to raise prices to the poor? We are sure that the
roasters in Wolverhampton and Birmingham, as vvel; as in
the Potteries, must see the harangue of O'Connor in the light
we do, and that alt the well-educated among the working men
take the same view of it.—Herald.
THE LAST BLOW AT DUELLING.—TWO of Lord Charle-
velle's servants fought a duel on the morning of Tuesday, the
4th ult. The pistols were loaded with blank cartridges by
tbeseconds. The parties having fired, left the ground without
being reconciled. The quarrel originated about a young fe-
male in the neighbouthood.—lrish paper. [The pistols roust
now go with the laced coat to the footman.]
ExpitussioN oe DEATH.—AIas ! how few of Nature's

- - ,
faces there are to gladden us with their beauty ! The cares • -
and sorrows and hungerings of the world change them as
they change hearts ; and it is only when those passions sleep,
ant have lost their hold for ever, that the troubled clouds ,
pass off, and leave heaven's surface clear. It is a CoMninn' ''
thing for the countenance of the dead, even in that fixed and
rigid state, to subside into the long-forgotten expression of '
sleeping infancy, and to settle into the very look of early
life; so calm, so peaceful do they grow again, that those who
knew them in their happy childhood kneel by the coflin'S
side iu awe, and see the angel even upon earth.—Oliver
Twist.
VALUE OF GIBRALTAR TO GREAT BRITAIN.—TO ftlllliSh
a proof of the value of Gibraltar to Great Britain, as a mar-
ket, it will be only necessary to state, that, of British manta-
lectured colion goods alone, the " barren like rock" takes
annually to the value of ' nearly half a million sterling—an '':..,''
amount very nearly equal to that which is exported from the'' ,
mother country to all her North American colonies; whilst 1 _.
the kingdom of -Portugal ( favouring us in return for benefits ?
conferred) takes of the same articles to the amount only of, .
£Boo.oot, and all the other parts of Spain together, but to the
value of £13,0(X). Now, though the government gains but a
..
trifling increase of revenue by the vast amount of goods ex-
ported to Gibraltar, yet the good that ia effected by thus keep- '
ing our manufacturers at work may certainly be put down as ,
benefiting the country at'a cheap rate, when the cost is Put - .
of a few thousand troops.—Scott's Ronda and Granada.
A TURKISH SHIP oF THE LINE.—From a .letter received
at Portsmouth, we learn that a Turkish two-decker, now in
the Mediterranean, is one of the finest in the world. She is
longer than the Vanguard, being upwards of 3000 tons: she, .
sells remarkably well, beating the Vanguard before the wind
The following are her dimensions:— feet. inch.
Length of lower deck inside
61 0 '""*. -'.t
Breadth, extreme
" ~";-';:,,Afil
Between perpendicular, estimated
211 U 4: seee:_vr:,,
from above • • es,' •sel;',4'
Breadth of lower deck, inside . 55 , 4 - ,i :;
„ FsiNWcr,cf!AiiF'
Broadth of main deck
48' I"l*34l4iAf'
Quarter deck
Space between ports 9 8,1?.?! 14044,
1.
Draft of water abaft 26 ' 0 ''''. -44 'AI
She is 4 feet more beam than the Vangaerd, main yard 13 .:'..,
feet squarer, and 20 feet. longer; mounts 92 guns, viz. Lower ' ',...-' ,
deck, 26 long brass 32 pounders, and 4 12-inch hi;Wittels;''
,r
main deck. 32 long brass '24 pounders; upper deck, 30 ti.g- . '
lish-made Congreve '24 pounders.
His Excellency 151. Van der Weyer, the Belgic resident
minister, will receive, with the hand of his accomplished
bride elect, Miss Bates, daughter and beiress of.JohuAlleS,
Esq., one of the leading partners in the firm of Baringi and
Co., a fortune of £300,000. The ceremony is, fixed to take
place in a fortnight. The young lady is in her 19111 year ;
his Excellency is about 45, and, antecedent to the revolt-
tion iu Belgium, was a distinguished advocate at the bar of
Brussels.—Morning Herald.
MARRIAGE IN HIGH LlFii.—Yesterday morning was mar-
ried by special licence, at St. George's Church, Hanover-
square, by the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of London, the
Hon. 'Vandal E. Plunkett, of Dunsany Castle, late M.P. for .
Drogheda, and eldest son of the Right Hon. Lord Dunsany,
lord lieutenant of the county of Meath, to Elizabeth Evelyn,
only daughter and sole heiress of Lyndon Evelyn, Esq., of
Keynsbam Court, Herefordshire, and York-terrace, Regent's
Park.
THE Corroti Loans.—The Morning Chronicle of Wed-
nesday last says—" When the people talk of a stake in the
country, we will ask, what is the stake possessed by the aris-
tocracy, compared with that of the various class of manufac-
turers? On the supposition that, in the House of Erode,
one peer with another are possessors of 1;8000 a-year, that
would not amount to two millions and a half is-year'. !t
would not surprise us if the incomes of the gentlemen pre-
sent in the Chamber of Commerce at Manchester, on Thurs-
day last, equalled that sum."—We do not pretend to know
anything of the wealth of the members of the Chamber of
Commerce; but we are inclined to think, though the circum-
stance might not " surprise" the welter of the Chronicle, it
would very much astonish the gentlemen themselves to flint
the aggregate of the their respective incomes equal to that
of the whole aristocracy of England. But how is the ex-
istence of so much wealth to be reconciled with en much
anxiety to abolish that system of trade under which these
gentlemen have acquired their fortunes ?--Dfartchr. Courier,

- • '''-' . ‘•" "..??=4.`...i-,-,-, ',.:.:',1,7,,,:,..', •',-• —",v--- ..,.,00'..t-;-. •'‘'...,„: -': , • - . .'
. •
• ~.,„' ' ' -.•:"' ,''- . -4 . ..:-:f.'''..:- "4.:att.- i;,-,-.0.',.'--t:f.'= '.'•' ,
ill you. ,
~..-e , ,•..,•••.4..r,,,,,,;;''',:ei,:;i; ..-:;;y,,
THE OLD NEW .1"...MR., .-.:,.,t2T, ~,?,1.,.....,e . .
~.
re did -,.....:it..... . ~ , .
e they ' " The Lord, even the most ihit;htVklod, hath.spomn-.." and e' '."". , . • " , .. --i--,
...
Hall:., the world, from the rising.up Of:the sun,. Ina° the ,zoiog 0. 7:,,,,' ~
___
—., 50tH Psalm, Ist verse. -
- .
4, mu ; , . .
With ebb and flow.th'urceasing ti4,0'....‘, ..''..,
._
, other
Rolls from and to.the ocean,'s; roar : - ;„ - • : .•
~., .
that iE
Hours, days, and years for ever" fide, , , - 7 ... 'AMP; _
[ to tell
But from their bourn return an, mute. ,
mt."— '.k.,., :',..• :.
.
to tell. Oh ! what a page each sealed year,,
lg. par- A dread eternity 'll unfold ! -'
?re the What vice and virtue—joy and feat!—, - . ,
)—Mr. What bliss unheard—what crimes•untold ! ..
• 'to sell
': they Pause, pause'. oh,-pause !—thou heir of heav'n, .
.. , .
ler five And look upori•the year now tied :
cndant Review the blessings year
has given : ••
tion to The sins recorded 'gainst your herd ! •
10. If 'Tis grace that spares our sinful race : • • •
. ,
I, they Grace only prompts our best of deeds : . • •
receiv- In weal or woe,Ais still by grace
~... -... , -
tances. The Cliristian lives, and moves, and feeds.
!s were .
Another year presents its page,—
. ,
Still,pure, unletter'd by our sins : .
The past,—defird,—should us engage • ~ .
.......,,,
In pray'r,—and t' end as we begin I-.-
4IW. 06, let us tempt not God, the kind,— • . .
. .
Who calls, and speaks from year to year;— •
cittie"
His yoke a gentle one we'll find,—
itimate
And wisdom—freedom—in its fear. W. -A. H. '
n early
Lind my , *
portant A large party is now assembled at Drayton Manor. It

•
. ._.
•
' .
• -4,..,„„.
•• • •
•, . ..... . . , •
.. . ,
, -•.... _
. ,
Vottrp. Again, "It has lately come into my head that the in the University of Oxford should be brought before the impartial pertOn.to Tread His passages in the note without
public as prominent characters in those two oppoiting factions attaining the conviction that Mr. Froude aimed at the estab- Pint tto.
- present state of things in England makes an openingfitipptnq EntritirgentE.
~_ _ -
smempant in the present day-viz., the Regius Professor of liehment of a new sect, and that a Papistical spirit predomi- .
_.--..en,....._
the monastic system. I must go about ----ease—
ON A BEF, FOUND DEAD IN A FLOWER. for revivingDivinity, and the Regius Professor of Hebrew; both of theta paled in his mind. In vol. 1., p. 336, he states that he was ., .
i LIVERPOOL COLONIAL MARKET, DEC. 28.
_ - the country to look for the sheep of the true fold ; canons in the same cathedral, occupying the east and west becoming eve's:), day a less and less loyal son of the reforina- . . 28TH DECIIMBER.—Wiwi l't lg.W.
The demand for Sugar continues extremely fit-pile& and the sales
(From the Lancaster Gazette.) there are many of them there, lam sure ; but this angles of the large of -•
• dcollege:" '
Ann Hatton, Gale, from Pictou-.Trusty, El- •
square our most distingursbe lion ; that Fe cannot any indifferent tans from Pictou for Glasgow leaky-Elizabeth, Gibson, trom
• Poor little minstrel, odious Protestantism sticks in people's gizzards. I This we grant, with Mr. Manrice, to .he lieq remarkable ; practibe of the Charcb of Rime le not a developernent of the thill'ousie-Feeella, Wakeliam,,from Malaga-Crown, Richmond, again been a-good inquiry, and 9000 bags sold 9
of R.P. are not worthy o. f notice; for Bengal, haotviovsevteor,6tlte
Grde !floes,
Thy humming is o'er; see Hammond takes that view of the infallibility of the but we think it still mote so that the UniVettity, eltich, at apostolic eethos; and teat eit is to no purpose to say that. did frees St. Peteralm_.re-Msry Somerville, --. from Calcutta-Lady
been very little inquiry riot Foreign Sugar tais week ;
And thy sunshine companions church which P— says, is the true one. We must ,,
the instance of Dr. riesey, acted with energy against Dr. can find no proof of it in the writings of the first six canto- --e-s. Newooundland-Lady of the Lake Eeeland and of the Lake, ,f- .se
,Ini ,
o Damsel, Abbott, from i e.- nOlO tG 't from' Rtt 'd• v t.. a . nrus ,et e, oeram . very fine white, and. per cwt for damp brown. Tliete has
Shall see thee no more;
receive it." The infallibility which the Pope of Rome Han-Alen Shotild in the case of Dr Pusey himself, and his ries- they must find a disproof, if they would do any thine.reportedNiolasses i
iss 75. bats Cl o_pcahrieneCl
otif!rriost
eaL2t7asr
apeart. e3wl ts.-pcTrheewotn
Ity'rosmalethhe
Many a flight halt thou taken, friends, be completely quiescent. It is, indeed, veriremark- on which' principle, any nonsense which records exist not to quay.-The sales of Plantation are to a fefi. extent, and comprise
Ou untiring wing, claims will be claimed by the Anglican church vviten, able, that either of them should still - if •
occupy an ang e
Russell, Crosby, from •Leghorn, at Gibraltar, and sailed for Li-
Since thou gaily didst welcome to use the elegant phrase of Mr. Froude, "this odious great square of Christchurch. prove that it has ever been a.point of -faith. In these " Re- verpool 10th Dec. 21
a2roi
ye aiinktshoef
oJinattinaiire;,
The blossoms of spring. ' Protestantism ceases to stick in people's gizzards"— When Mr. m -ewman, one of the Most. strenuous of the mains" there are sitspicions omissions,' and letters are men- Margeretta, Morris; Fame, Kendal, and James' Muir', Maul, -30 bags lifitilditd Cocoa sold 40s per cwt. and a small lot heavy
black P pp at 4fd to 4ad per ]b.-Nothing done in Ginger or Pl-
- mountain and valley, but not till then. party, affirms that the blessed Virgin Mary need have made tinned by Froude; which are not printed, plainly leadintfus from Ltverpool, at Boitrdeaux
mento -eTleierre has been 1 Ito
daetsams-ii i,gth• tns. decline
Of Foreign,in some
fan
sot saanfeess;e7orrtiteeud.
00 demand for Rum, at advancing
no offerin.g, as requiring no purifivatioe, eelling -her the. to stitebise that the editor of his papers feared to commit to Faetio Citteene, Hughes, from Liverpool, at Canton 13th Aug. Delighted to roam, But here is an extract which seems to explain muchJoze Victorino, Carieandiega, from Havana for Layerpooi, offand D Lees, *the
and ..)S 3d to os 7d per gallon to f'ne Jamaica e-
I wean thou hest travell'd Mother of God-the Deipara of the Itornanisis; and when in the public the whole of the unblushing sentiments which he Westport rates;e*the sales, reach 309 puns. sit Is 6d. to 3s 10. d for common
of the .foregoing, and to show that Rome is nearer to the list tract, where theentroachnients of Romanism are the cherished. Innovation and degradation were his objects: aarnes Turcan, from Liverpool, at Sincapore, and sailed 'for rnerarit.
Afar from thy home;
Indigo is without change.--East India Guns Arabic ii in better
And oft when the, setting-sun Oxford, as far As Oxford is represented by the " Ox- subject, we read--e, the former is proved by the quotations-the latter is apparent Lintin
Warn'd thee away, ford tract men," than people in general suppose. "We tali but honour all good humanists for such aggres- in his occasional-
scurrilous language, and his idea that the A black vessel,
lfio•n•; it Marks their of ahont. 260, te•pa, With , gilt head, and •• Liver-
on the stern- both masts gorse liy. the biniriL Slid. the crew t
--t,B bales
and
,60Behe.„stls have been disposed of at 40s and 50s pet' cwt.
Wert found in the dower cup "The only thing I can put my hand on as an aeoui- earnestness, their confidence in their clergy should not be gentlemen., His projpeited up ascii' tam. pool"ta •ine jory mast' teak paased oil the 20 letii in lat. 45, long, 24 ''
Willing to stay. silk!' is having formed an acquaintance with a man own cause and their charity towards !hose whom they cutest- A Companion for the Pragir Mb!: (vol. I. p. W.)), if the rough ‘' 7'ac Dyee:t of
file.Llal;trMsaLeereetiptrltt trarft'aad tel;:t:
been neatlysorlit at 17s.
1371.0 bag"'
der in error. We need not be . •
bitter against. them. . . . notes therhitl be honestly. published, might plainly develope Irvine,ri7 from Liverpool to Savannah, was spoken in lat. 46, 10ne-
..• •
at 23, to 285,--460 bags Nitrate of Soda have
i Didst thou think it was summer, •of some influence at Rome—one Mensignor —, the We are under no constraint to go out of our ways pontanee his views. And at p. 370 we receive ans authority to assert i•-reeland, Saulter, from Liverpool, at Odessa . Dyewoods. There hari been a speculative demand for Cam-
This bright sunny morn ?
peachy Logwood, and 300 tons st,lll/thietly at Sl5 ; and, as the
head of the College, who has enlightened ()tidy to prove charges against the Romaniste. .. s . We . that the mode of episcopal appointment would he one subject Reiram, Woolner, from Liverpool. at Constantinople stock is now held in so few hands, higher rates are demanded, in
Was that its 'ced voice,
On the passing wind borne ? and me on the subject ef ••Ottf relation to the church of are not obliged to prove them lie:esti-ably corrupt and hereti- of his proposed alterations, since he admits that unless an
- - at Thomas
Crisp,for i pool ' deed, £l6 has been paid ;65 tons of Honduras Logaleoad brought
From thy snug corner peeping Rome." cal, No, our own system is 'hot unexceptionable ;" is it possi- alteration in this respect should take place he would be one of.P , . sailed 28th Nov,L.'?
. Royal William, Miller, from Venice, at Smyrna. . £ll lOs ;in Fustic. 25 tons of Savanilla sold at £lO 120 Sato £ll,
Constantino eßalono,ni
and 70 tons-Cuba Fustic, off the quay, et £l2 10,1 'Tr ton 1 Nica-
Me to mistake the aria of the laneuage ? the separatists from the church. We heartily wish that a:1 Abroad on the earth, Having been thus "enlightened" by the head of the w ~ - . lz'•,_a.vndrs,_. Bytieliley,
_from Odessa
rave Wood has also been sold higher, £l4 to £l5 paid for 60 tons;
bele *e further read of the English system as at present his clique were separated from it. The commercial clergy,l,tlha nptletcory
a l
I ,sail
fo
re di, i fvreormp
Liverpool,
Smyrna,
Didst thou see the frail insects college (we suppose) de propagandil fide on the sub,- conducted, and are inforrned that we should put into the whom he was so anxious to see, would infallibly prove lstE
Blake Haddon, from Canton; at St. Helena; and sailed Ist Nev. shout 100 .tons of Barwood sold without chap The demand for
Dancing in mirth ? - ject of eor relation to the church of Rome, at Rome Dec.,Dblaecna'alloß.lroiliden Paenal,BLeceselliees;
.back-ground the controversy about the holy eucharist, that converse of his own words " that ether are the hand-glasses for London: • • , .. ~ . , , Turpentine has been less animated this week, and prices are rather
lower, but 3000 brls have found buyars at 13s per cwt, for fair
And thus wert thou tempted itself, Mr. Froude very naturally, on his return to "either the Bishop of Rome has really a claim upon our des under whieh eethe'e argot': , • Ate); Lbw, Sailed from Alpe Bay for IMalirittue, 13th Oct: quality I ,the, market, though tolerably firm, is not brisk at this
To leave toy warm cell ? Eagle, Inch, from Levant, at Alexandria. quotationothing new in American. Tar.-The sales of Mon-
England, exerted himself to make other of ferenee or he has not; so it will be urged; and our sate ar- .AI rl Fronde was one of die writers in the Tracts for the Cintra, Renfree sailed from Alexandria for Smyrna, 2d bee.
Was it thus cold around thee, gument at the present day will fie in. weving the questinn times, and occupies his pages much about them : when, then, tree! Pot ante Peprl Ashes are very limited, and prices of Pot Ashes
The night shadows fell? the Anglican church as enligXtehed as the Romish
altogether, and saving that, even if he has; according to pri- he speaks.of the only chance of the party being " spoliation London, which was on shore near this port, has got off, aeparentll have a tendenet to decline, het Pearls ate firm at 35s per cwt.-
Quercitron Bark fs in fah reetnest but at the b• h t
Flitting here all alone, proselyting theologian had made him, by relieving notice tule, ever so much authority, (and that he has some, on a large scale" (vol. i. p. 396), casts a sarcasm on " the de- St. Ives, 25en Dec.-The Rival,. Doughty, from Liverpool to
with sliiht damage, after throwing part of the cargo overbear ,
consumers only purchase sparieglY
On this ivy-clad wall, them from their mental subjection to that odious Pro- e- g. the precedente 'of ether bishops, cannot be denied,) that Strove rs of nunneries" ( p. 367), and lauds the Edinburgh Re. but it is supposed must discharge. :
ab,(.).pt
iolge hhds have
e itenrdaiess.
posed of this week, at 20s per cwt. for inlet:kr Efaltimore, and 28s
And now and then diving testantism which struck so terrible a blow to the tyran- it is in matter of faith altogether suspended and under obey- view for doing the " dirty work" of this party in maligningSoldiers , to 30s for fine Philadelphia.-No sales haee yetheen effected in
In each flowery hall.
ilst he upholds a corrupt system. against which it is " Luther Melancthon, and C 0.," those who cannot divinenew American Flaxseed.-In Hid s there arena sales to report this
nical ambition of Rome. But we must break off here an", wh NeDviu•rsyn,apsuitt,i2n3ebeDr : C
to-day,.— The Dveiarymolnead!,,yP,oartild, fisronmowat
Point, full of water. week.-The sales of Tobacco during the week are ebo`nt 320 hhds.
Ah ! twas long since before thee, for the present, having a good deal more to Say on the our duty to protest," even with the cautionary close of the his contemplated plans must be remarkably dense.; and we
at full prices; of which 120 hhds were low leaf, for eXpektation,
Liverpool t o
A banquet was placed ; paragraph, it is impossible to conceal from ourselves the very are, exceedingly:surprised that all fhb Members df our ebttech SATURDAY DEC kmDER 20.-Wind variable and light. and the remainder'
were taken by. the trade. The entire sales of
important subject of the Popish "canker"' in the Pro-
Thou surely must loiter, strongly manifested inclination to Why are We le de 'not she the .date danger of this schisrii. The occasional Latin sisiervki4.-sSiiiii'eje Cowariefeoen Nesv Orleans : sailed a3rdNov.
.Popery. the month amount to about 2170 hhds.
testant church, only further observing just now, that honour assailing Romanists, who would -
Its pleasures to taste. root les and our me- Papistical quotations equally show the bias of Mr. Froude's -Westchester, A moderate business continues to be transacted in Brimstone at
rence, Brown, from New York; said 3rd Dee:-ttord Mrsehief, full priers.-Nothing worthy of notice has been done in sumac,
Could it be thou grew'st sleepy, it appears the Anti-Protestant " tract men have re- miry from the earth? What 6eilii their confidence in their mind, as. well as his own quotation, Ferris, from Savenn4h Sailed 4th Dec.-St. Law-•
' Argols,Cream of Tartar or brown Tartar.-Madders and Madder
With sipping the wine, ceived the episcopal protection of the Bishop of cause, but a Orifidenbe that they will be able to destroy Pro- • " The age is out of joint. 0 cussed spite, ----, from Lisbon.
SAlLED.—Huddersfleid Owens. and Stanley, James, for Africa fiords have hecome scarce, and maintain high relative prices.-The
Which ivy flowers yield, Oxford ! testantism? Is that a reason why we should honour them ?' That ever I was born' to set it right!"
-and Mary Bibby, Medcalf, for Trieste. demand tor Mee Gil hal been limited, but the few sates made have
Like the sweet eglantine? Why are we not obliged to prove charges against the Ro- And this bias is fully demonstrated by his irreverent remarks 'been without change ill Oices.-Little is doing in Fish Oils; the
- manists when they seek to bring charges against lis ? Why on the PraYer-book. The custom of excommunication and Mary Queen of Scots, Killey, from Maceio, at this port; sailed only transaction this week ilf a pereelot,Cod, from the quay, ne
When the cold came upon thee,
Lady £30.-There ,has been more Inquiry foe Linseed Oil, and several
Too feeble to fly; • THE TRACTS FOR THE TIME'B, are we to remain in indolent secpriy, when our altars are the Council of Trent seem to have been his chief objections to
was to sail from Pernambuco Nov..
*2.sth Nov and Rapid 28th Nov. both sales have been effected at 28s to 2.0 a 6d a, yt pair Rape not much
Slow and sad didst thou creep to threatened, our personal safety 14 endangered, and our Romanista ; for we cannnpt disrover any other which were 19th Nov. and from Pernambuco 23rd Nov.' The Stormont
a, but firm atour quotations.-Palm Oil hair been without in-
of thete. he was far Mot' Ith
'(Fttom THE CHURCH of RHGLANH 'QUARTERLY REVIEW,) church is marked for the spoiler? Why may we not sub- matitentodsl Independently, . e o e in-
the for Liver out; and the Rowena, from Paraiba, early in Dec:. On doin.,
quirt', a few tons have been sold at £46, and nothing fol. artteaL-
This Rose-there to die !
'Tis like thee,-'tis faded, (Continued from our last.) stantiate our own systemeand prove theirs ecreujit and he- Romanist than of the English 1 clergyman; and there is no foundland for Oporto A further advance has been realized on Oil of Turpentine i the dis-
And bangs down its head, 'When Mr. Froude, in his Remains, says, "I should like retical! As We know no pritiiitiVe rule, which gives piece- doubt that all the modifications which he would have intro- t'e 21st Dec. in lat. 42, long, 24, spoke the Garonne, from New-
Hetb:
tillers now ask 64s to 655, which prices have been obtakncd.:-, p
dente to the Bilttoll of Rome we are not under the necessity diced into the church would have been very closely approxi- The Boethampton, and Margaret, sailed 19th Sept. for his port mains steady at the quotations, Jute has been more inquired for,
Meet for thee, gently rover, to know why yon flinch from saying, that the power of mak- : Agnes, .Bioaofoot. from Lima, at. this port; sailed 2!st. Sept.
Penang,Lawaon, !tepee, atilnjer 17th. Aug. and about 400 bales sold, at £l4 to £l4 7s 6d per ton.-In Flax little
To make it thy bed. ing the body and blood of Christ is vested in the successors of waving the question altogether, and we cannot understand mated to Popery. His article on the ancient liturgies-a task
k • Ventis, -,---,..hence tor ValparaiSo, Was spoken troth Dec. 180 doing.- During the early part of the week, full pricer were realised
the term " under obeyanee' as im' plying less than acknow- in which Renaudot had long fore. employed hicnielf,• Whien miles W.S.W. of Tuskat , ,
Oft perchance on the summer eve, of the Apostles ;" when he advises us to reject the obri-oxi-
. tor 'Fallow, but the market has since become dull, and rather lower.
Here thou wouldst rest; ous phrase mass-book," and substitute for it " the liturgy of ledgment of his supremacy as capable of resumption.
The writer of this dangerous tract, concedieg that the alriti,iicelse,
emeatyw
ilia° been i B,e nin 'o.6t of the iiractv for the Globe, Gregg, hence at tired
hstanding its plausibility and its evidence Of the John, Woodward, from London, ditto . _ __ _......_
LOERPOOL COTTON MARKET, DEC. 28.
When hasting on merry wing, Peter," which not all the criticisms •of the collective party
Tridentine Decree which declares, that it is ivtiod and useful coincidence of certain parts in the distinct sets for more than Daniel Grant, Rackam. hence at ditto
can prove it to be •; when he este, Why we praise Ridley P
Nightingale,sCrookshank hence at Pernambuco. On the 30th The demand has again been leery extensive, particularly from
Back to thy rest: suppliantly to invoke the saints', snit iliac the images of Christ 1383 years, entirely fails in tracing them to the apostles, ex:
when he unblushingly, on ntany occasions, avows his hatred
Not a dream ever cross'd thee, and the Blessed At rtglii, and the other saints, should receive cept through tradition, by which things manifestly impossi-than on any single day on record, the eales being estimated at
Of this fatal hour ! to "the Reformation and the Reformers," and declares, that Hobart Town N,
long.
Oct. in Ist 633 lone .:1 '3O W, spoke the Statesman, hence for speculators, and the operaticres ori Monday were on a larger scale
due hotietir and veneration, goes to the very verge of what ble might as fairly be proved ;so that even in this respect the 27.000 bags; to-day, however, less anxlety,to'perchortre was evinced,
Oh ! why wouldst thou linger, " the Reformation Was a limb badly set : it must be broken Liverpool„ hence for Mobile, was spoken 21st Dec. in Ist.
the' cautious Christian should receive, nevertheless hints in party is obi 4 h ige to eaye recourse .to this meagre,subsidiary to .
So long from thy bower? again, in order to be righted," and talks of our trumpery
of fully ed per lb on American, Id on Brazil, and 10 on Surat, upon
exactly the same Papistical spirit that it May possibly admit supply the chasm of eeteltirle.s; though on the etrerigth of it, day previous „ . ~ • ,
principles about Scripture as the sole rule in fendamentals-43, long. 20; reported Navineg seen a wreck toll Scarborough) the and the market closed quietly, an advance having beets established.
the quotations of Friday last; Sea Island has also been in request.
I wish I had seen thee, Of an honest interpretation How iconolatry in its direct Mr frottde hesitated not t tall the dia;s the liiiiirke pf St
Liverpool
Dec..e. lireiceat Triegte
is it possible to deny that the writer of these offensive ex-
To hear thy last strain ;and contradiction.
the ' rii'' '
positive.. to second corn endaient; eanPeter. e are fully persuaded, and think that we have offered L.
p•ressions may. with good reason he thspected to have been a
American, 1009 Pernambuco, 230 Bahia, 400 Maranham, 230 Peru-
MidWeirl know thou wert singing,admit of an honest inter! .. . , •
W - .'' •' '-'
' - ' • Ab.e On-'n, fliir;in• :agnniElnirei; Fe'reiVat,. gaited from Marseilles for and has advanced Id to 2d per lb. Speculators have taken 35,000
rretation We labour in vain to satisfy reasons for our persuasions that the church is eudangered by vials and 3000 Surat.
disguised Papist.? There was a time when such things would• ' Frolic, Benoit, hence at Gironde ~ ~ .,
sorrow and pain ;
not have been tolerated by the spiritual authorities-when ourselves. In another part of the tract the writer has argued this party, these Church of Englandmen without the Pro- Ivanhoe. Gibson, hence for Rio Janeiro, at Plymorith, Wlth And in thy last moments, the " uniertplurainess" of image worship as its only condem- testantism, cr, in other words, these Church of Englandmen damage, loss of Atecrumr O'F SALES AND IMPORTS OF COTTON,
boots, bnwal•ks, &e. having experienced a heavy
bishops, mindful of their solemn office, would have laboured .
PrO;ii the 22h Inst. so this day inclusive.
Didst !moth with thy song. to preserve the church in unity and wholesome discipline, and nation, which one would almost think sufficient, and not quoad the emoluments, but. not the principtes: The abuse gale on Sunday last _
____ .
Thy lovely protector,
not have leaked on, as now, like so many Galilee., careless deem it necessary to point out tee senseless folly of worship- and sarcasms which have been directed against our ReformersFalmouth , Curtent IMPORTS. Just faded and gone, of these 'things and their consequences. There was a time ing the work of man's hand; but the writer,. supposing that and the undeniable propensity to Romanism which the writers Wm. Miles, Ktndley, fur Mobile, has put back, leaky, having
SALES OF THE wtsti'. I Ptices. ThisWk thiaYear
Inca, e----, ,from Odessa, at
this argument would open the door to a multitude of dtstince dreplay; one would think; sveuld, be...sufficient tceprevent the been on shore . - ...... ' ........; ~..........1.1t.............
How mournfully round thee, when no clergyman could have offered the breviary as sup-
Its wither'd leaves fold; • plying matter for devotion without losing his gown, without Wins and pleas, prefers an appeal to early church history, the extension cif this helesy amain; the clii•gY. May we ridt iay- 250 Sea Island lBO 6 360 •
As if to keep from thee the fact being accepted al evidence that he was in heart a fathers, Sec., as if these had anY atithbrity comparable with I:Pe
" Aut ham in
in nostros fabricate est machine tiros, 80113 Alf,• onage 30--Wind W.S.W. fresh. 70 Stained
e-s-s from Tatrnagouche-John Sou- 11910 Bowed Georgia... -97 - 15 2.5N5 445192
} The rain and the cold: . Papist. T that of the word 'el Mid. Arinivists-Cemmerte, --=
here was a time when no clergyman would have • • • • • • chay,. Williams, from Monte Videe=Frirterald, Thomas, from .- - 10000 [Mobile 7-9* 1 .., '
Though dead it retains still written the feilowing hymn :- That our readers may judge how far these writers seem to " Aut aliquis later errot!''
Its fragance for thee; "Ave Maria! mother bless'd, be attached to the church of England, we subjoin other ex- (Do be concluded. in our next.) The Eleanor (Tug steamer) Sprung- a leak yesterday, arid sunk 35400 New Orleans- 7 -11 J
AL
Poor little pilgrim, To whom caressing and caress'd tracts from the 71st tract :-
, i • near Crosby,Pornt . , . • I 3095 .1 64156
Flower-kissing bee. Clings the eternalthild; "We may grant, in the argument, that the English Church Cotholie sentiments:. Rea, I hale the tdrottna4.ion tied the Alice:Ann!, Perige et Barbatlints I Aeicatiand Ceara 9e -91
2290 !Pernambuco& Paraiba 9l - 101
8 - 91 1739 36332
December 19, 1838. R, T. Favour'd beyond archangel's dream, has committed mistakes in the practical writ-106g of its system Refortners more and more, and have almost made up my • boats, Jennings from Lontfon for Lii•eipool; at Torbay ;'
bulwarks &t. lost 2076 Berrie arid Mageie
f Maranham .. Si -10
.... When first on thee, with tend rest gleam, -nay,is incomplete eyed id nhforrhaldoctrine and discipline. mind that the rationalist spirit they set afloat is the7t
__
81 1 .... j 32077
Ocean, Hardian., from Limerick lb? 614 iort; at odik ;; 1651 ' 92° i Sasig'inned We require ha efiemy to skew us the probability of this, see- pseudooropheetees of the Revelations. -Ili, p. 389.
CONTEMPORARY PRESS. Thy new-born Saviour smil'd.boats, bulwarks, sails, &c. -
ing that her own article expressly states, that the primitive "I am more and more indignant at the Protestant doctrine Covington, Holbrook, hence at Anjer 21st Aug. • • • • Ai. , ...
_.__,...., ..... ... - - - 1 "" 1 •• • •
Ave Maria! thou, whose name
' All but adoring love may claim, churches of Antioch and Alexandria; as well as that of on the subject of the eucharist; and thinkthat the principle Wexeoite. De,.. 28,-The San Pan Bantista, Arana, from Bilboa 30 Ilerrie.rari, Set-trio:ll4,B4c. 9- 13 12 1293
• ~ .. II?! -17 ~.. 26992
PUSEYISM. Yet may we reach thy thrine ; Rome, have erred not only in their living and tnanner of on which it is founded is as proud, irreverent, and foolish as for Liverpool, was taken into Feathert, 24th instant, with windlass 370 Egyptian
broken, and some damage under water, having struck on a sunken i Barbados St ..:,- 91 •••• 203
(From the Morning Herald.) For he, thy. Son and Saviour, vows ceremonies, but also in matters of faith. Much more is a that of any heresy, even Socinianism."-lb. p. 391. rock 450 Peruvian ' I ---' SI 1 1
church exposed to imperfection which embraces hiit a narrow "1, shall never call the hole euCharist the. Lord's Supper,
Since we last animadverted upon the papistical doe- To crown all lowly lofty browsSCILLY Dec .6.-The Marmora, Barnes, from Liverpool for
fortion of the Catholie territorY; bah beep at the diltance of nor God's priests ministers of the 4ord, or the Edith' the Lord's Constantinople, in here 20th istant, having experienced a 300 Laguayra -
7-- -81 I 1,.
trines of the " Oxford tract men," the following pa- With love and joy like thine."
,500 to 1:8(70 Vesirh from the pure fountains of tradition (! !) table, &c.• innocent as such ishraieS are in thernielies they heatit dale en the 19th, on the the coast of Ireland. On the 23rd,
ragraph has appeared in the Chester Gazette. We . But slide things are now done at Oxford unrestrained • - • . ' • - t et. • , -
1 and it surrounded by political influences of a highly malig- have been dirtied •;....nor . shall I even abdie the Roman . during a.heavy ga,e, sot was in contact, in .St Mary s Roads, with . 630 Carthagena
mmon Westlndia, &c. 7 - 9 1033 } 2575 b
5! - 51 f
I
either by bz3etshte bishop by •ve *Jy '
are glad to see that a prelate of the church, so learnednant character. . . The English church it, for certain, Catholics, as a church, foraeything;except eicammnuicating th.,?,lllaritio. from Silboa, for Lyndon t the
_s latter sustain.s_dr latifye: 90 Smyrna - 7 1
however,
or
rettuhrentitomDrreiSb'ettlentirth, *lto Co-Manilla
and pious. as the Bishop of Chester, has thought it his • gently inquires- deficient in particulars, because it does not profess itself us ' I have two schemes about the traets.:::l. I ShoUld Y
. from Meteer, Pe Minn, from China,„ at this port;
i sailed la
infer 2let Sept lied freni.pt. Helena 2th Itcrvi On 28th 5430 Surat
like a series pf the epostOlical
.divines of the churCh, of LINZ- 'Oct off Cape L'Algertbas, spoke the Helen,' Mtn' Table egy, On
inafallible•" - N •
duty to notice and denounce the tenets of the divines "Is it, can it be, essential to aSonnd faith, that we should e • i , , , . ,i• ••, ~ brit ..,Madras 5l -6i
The explanation oven is most oestuticat; tne words 1and..... 2. I think one might take `The Jansenist Saint'
s, 30th Om in fat 34 Se lons, 17 E, spoke the Portland', from Clyde ~ sw, Bengal - 6 1 •"'' 1 - -
who, in the character and garb of ministers of the surrender the verdit of oar oWn deliberate judgment .in the ' are too plain to re wire a 'eminent.
Anglican Church, are endeavouring to unprotestantise attempt to understassil the plain text of Scripture, merely be- On the outer hand, there are passages which seem to breathe &c. -IL, p. 305.
' Francis de Sales," The Nuns of Port Royal,' ' Pascal,' for NeW &nth Wales and the Princes's Victoria,' from Mauritius --.......
. for London 70370 b a f,M 12752 1321275
cause a certain number of uninspired human beings, like, .
England, and to subject the human mind once morea contrary spirit-passages which carry with them an appear- Respecting the tiactsebe writes-" Also on the communion . , -.---,. , • . ~. , ,
ourselves, may have thought otherwise-men not rentbvea,. . MONDAY, DECEMBER 1 --Wißd'ci Wii b
to the bondage of Romish superstition:— . indeed, as far as ourselves from the epostolic i'ge, in point•of ance of affection to the church of England, of caution ....you seemed. cramped by Protestantism.... However, the
AurttvE • ' ''' '' • es
' '. ' e • •
D.—Reindeer„ Watt from Monte Video-Sarah, Not , , LIVERPOOL dO'RN EXCHANGE, Dec. 29,
against the church of Rome. How are we to decide between wiseacres are all agog .aboet our being Papists...: We are , from Bahia-Brothers, Hohnia; from Taganrog-Deborah. The week's sappli sof Grain , and Oatmeal are to a fair
"The Bishop of Chester has published an address, time, but perhaps more setparated thia ales we ourselves are the two? What are we to think of the hot and cold thus Catholics without the Popery; and Church of En'glishmen
condemning as highly improper and indefensible the at tbe present day by the intereupted intercourse of Man with from Le horn-. Sister's, Adamson' from Marseilles-.Any ' erribunt 1 theie his', :t the Same Fiore;'time' been rtgottd general demand,
alternately blown ? In the adieiliteinetit of the `2nd tract evithotit the Protestiintisine"-lb, 40,ii , -.,-----„. frenn Bourdeaux-Land Th'omas Hughes, eleMann," from With a tendencY.td fritther Advance in .
free
h. yesterday's
' new light doctrines' of Drs. Posey, Bithell, and man, which prevailed at that period, by the scanty circula- we even read,- The existence.
of apostolical tradition in the These passages, many must think, will require no comment ;. from HatebUrgh, market, the town's millets were pietty free huyete of Wheat ;
lion of their literature, and their ignorance of the necessary eerie
instant,. . . others, which he designates as an attempt from within
bus:e if cillirch in behalf of the doctrine of the Trinity, local-- in fact, they breathe a spirit of disaffection towards the Church w e-----e-e-e- . • • . several parcels were also' Mien fin' the interior, end- Id to 24 per
canons of sound criticism• we begin t adopt morely he . dlLnvslinC,a.sgeeLozcl,hfgetlLo.ser.;.,,z,pautta
the church to assail the reformation, and to introduce the. an deettas, solety n-alijon and the like has been made a pretence of introduc- .of England, an inclination to Popery Within certain limits,
staunchions, t' l'' 3.' g backla: 7:::(32ialt. bushel, over 41•eorndeaxyt'es,,
extend
rates,
o t7i g obtained. This
tot price PV:vVlti
th are t, vilie:it will 1 fine so-called apostolical traditions concerning various un- which cannot be qualified by anything of an apparently op-
worst and most destructive doctrines of the Romish naturally be asked, are we to stop ?" c ions, boats,, 3:c. ~ Was. lOs 9d. per l'Olbs.-Flour was held fot fully our last quotations.
founded opinions in faith and practice;" which is the very posite tendency to, be found, in the volumes. If word have John Cock, —, sailed from Mohte Video for Cape deVefde, z--The best Cats- brought 4s 3d, fair rens of frish 4e fo' 41 3d per
Church, this being the more to be deplored as coming . Tradition, legitimately em la :I 'without ' ,aye• ,it not its value, charge that we allege against the authors of these tracts. meanieg, the ai/thoe.desired, the, subversien of our existieg 12th Oct 51bs.--•Oatmear 365. ad to ss, per 240bsere has beers less
horn a professor's chair, in one of the seats of instruc- as we have already had eneasien to remark; but tradition , Must we net think that passages. like theSe ate designed to institutiohs to he replaped by others, to be devised by these George, ac Mary, Goliglitly,' and Britannia, Dambrell, hence at passing in Bagel-, but 5s 90 to 63 per 6 lbs has been paid for some
lion for the ministers of the reformed religion." must not be mired ‘o a parity with the Sciiptures, Where throw us orf 0 . s ,pr guard , . " Apostnlicals:" and it is eery cleate from the anissions Bahia . . further parcels hone the Milllaticl Colinties,-Malt is in request ;
the
we find the aliVious purport of the Scriptures illattrated by •Tamenepd,,Borlaml. hence at New Orleans date the best roundland worth 66S to 68s.per qr.-Sr Beans and
But wirilit *e Wee the scriptures, which clearly develope which we have noticed, the numberless " ....",which occur It is now upwards of three hundred •
years since h • the belief and practice of the primitive church, we allow to ' Mei, --1-le, Irani Demerara, off Tuskar 29th instant Peas there are few on the market,- itnel both are rather dearer ; the
these leading doctrines, we have no need of resorting to the in the Rork, that in his papers he expressed his opinions in a Caroline Au4usia, I.3a••;',•iet,' h'enie at Fayal, leaky, and will dis- best English old Beans are worth 48.5.t.0..5fEc per qt. Eeglisli new
errors and corruptions with which the Church of Rome the fathers the high respect which they delierVe i lint when authority of tradition, and we do not conceive any one to be freer manner nian it was accounted politic to disclose : per- charge, bound to New York ' • •
~
..,
~
„, 48s to 50s per co-. and Irish new 45s to 47s per 48111bs. Fine boiling
overlaid the religion of Christianity began to be bro- we find in them tradition's and expositions contrary to the . .in the condition of exhibiting critical proofs of the surviving haps he too fully dereloped his ulterior views. It.is inapos- Peas Ms to 57s per qt.-No transactions of moment telterfed In
ken in u_pon by the light of the GLORIOITS HEtPtlkmA. obvious purport pf the ScriPlute, we feel ourselves bound to state of a l' 1 tradition.- little that is ' Bible -b' from Tofthe Times:
poste ice Tom - of to separate him the, - tact:
bonded articles.
TELEGRAPH OFFICE, Deeemeee 31.
them. It would be a lab nus and weary task to il-
TION• It is true that nearly two centuries before that reject •°u"
the immediate successors of the apestles has withstood the respondence and the concluding. part, of his second volume
lustrate this remark as fully as we ruieht from those volumi-LiirERPOOL AGRICULTURAL MARKET, Dee. 29.
great event, or in the reign of Edward HI., a great . nous iveiters• V • • . n . desolation of
, et it is one which might be accomplished. • ages, to enable us to refer a competent selec- establish the fact, which is corroborated by the editor's re- , Wind at Holyhead, N. W., blowing fresh. • rt. d. s, d., , s. d. s. d.
"precursor" of the reformation appeared in the per- ' When " tradition" is set upas an • •
integral portion of reve-
„. • trot] from the many floating traditions to an apostolic source; ference to the tracts which he ,wrote, and his anxiety to affix Off Point Lynas, inward hound, at 10 a.m. No. 8, Chatham, Bk. Old Hay - 0 gill 0•4,90115 Potatoes .... 2 663 o'
and the writers of the second century can; at the best, he but a wholesome explanation to certain expressions.. To this we Has a pilot. New Hay ~.. 0 8 011 --,• Cattle,Ditto.- 2 0 2 4
son of Wickliffe, in England, whose preaching. was Winn," it is unnecessary to point out its Yieaknes•s. •
• . subordinate authorities; oti which We Cannin idiplidtly rely may add; that we have., no ilAculty in recognizing how, far .In the New Channel, inward bound, at 130 p.m. N 0.1642, Thos. Weyer Hay .. 080 10 Turnips. 28 030 Oper ton.
like a " burning and shining light," suddenly break- The restriction under which it is now professed to adopt
.
'hie Sir • ' ' • • .'
• 'db 14- f- ' - ' flushes,Bk
ange passages in some of the latter books of Irenmus Ins suggestions were auppte y is mode:Straw, Wheat 0 7 0 9 Carrots * 059 0 ,
ing forth in the gloom of the dark ageEq awl even be- tradition, according to the already.qeoted rule of Viricentius, are conclusive evidences that we must not discard ourjudg- ~ e=. -- --- __. e..e.....e5es Straw, Oat ... 060 7 -- Alanglewurzle2s 0280. Lirius, is so extensive, " i.at if Acted upon, it would
. !'lloisleitt'H Straw. Barley 0 5 0 6 Ifantire 0 0 0 0 --..--
fore then Henry 11., by the Constitutions of Claren- of meat for any traditive matter with which the century is
ake the exce exception 'entirely ekelude the rule ;" for what doc THE CORN LAWS. ''. '!,'' 'l7Wri-0 EntEreti for Tinattintr. Clover
don, had endeavoured to check within the realm oftrines i m
in int, way rnnnent..-fl with tr.ilitint,•.... 6. .t.;•...1,, ~.;;; fraught. _
. . _

t7ltOAl THE CHURCH of ENGLAND QUARTERLY REVIEW.)
(Continued from our last.)
When Mr. Froude, in his Remains, says, "I should like
to know why you flinch from saying, that the power of mak-
ing the body and blood of Christ is vested in the successors
of the Apostles;" when he advises us to reject "the obnoxi-
ous phrase mass-book," and substitute for it " the liturgy of
Peter," which not all the criticisms of the collective party
can prove it to be ; when he este, 'why we praise Ridley ?
when he unblushingly, on many occasions, avows his hatred
to "the Reformation and the Reformers," and declares, that
"the Reformation was a limb badly set : it must be broken
again, in order to be righted," and talks of our trumpery
principles about Scripture as the sole rule in feedatnentals—
Is it possible to deny that the writer of these offensive ex-
pressions may witb pod reason be euspected to have been a
disguised Papist? There was a time when such things would
not have been tolerated by the spiritual authorities—when
bishops, mindful of their solemn office, would have laboured
to preserve the thurch in unity and wholesome discipline, and
not have looked on, as now, like so many Galilee, careless
of these things and their consequences. There was a time
when no clergyman could have offered the breviary as sup-
plying matter for devotion without losing his gown, without
the fact being accepted as evidence that he was in heart a
Papist. There was n time when no clergyman would have
written the fellolving hymn :
" Ave Maria! mother bless'd,
To whom caressing and caress'd
Clings the eternal child ;
Favour'd beyond archangel's dream,
When first on thee, with tend'rest gleam,
Thy new-born Saviour smil'd.
Ave Maria! thou, whose name
All but adoring love may claim,
Yet may we reach thy elerine ;
For he, thy Son and Saviour, vows
To crown all lowly lofty brows
With love and joy like thine."
But such things are now done at Oxford, unrestrained
either by the bishop or by the University.
We must, however, return to Dr. Shisttletvorth, *no co-
gently inquires—
" re it, can it be, essential to around faith, that we should
surrender the verdit of oar (siva deliberate judgment in the
attempt to understand the plain text of Scripture, merely be-
cause a certain number of uninspired human beings, like
ourselves, may have thought otherwise—men not rettfeve'cl,
indeed, as far as ourselves, from the apostolic i'ge, in pointof
time, but perhaps more separated thin even we ourselves are
at the present day by the intemipted intercourse of Man with
man, which prevailed at that period, by the scanty circula-
tion of their literature, and their ignorance of the necessary
canons of sound criticism : if we begin to adopt merely hum
man degteas, solely because they are ancient, where, it will
naturally be asked, are we to stop ?"
Tradition, legitimately empluYell, it not without its value,
as we have already had Cceasion to remark; but tradition
must not be mired to a parity with the Sciipturee. Where
we find the ohYious purport of the Scriptures illustrated by
the belief and practice of the primitive church, we allow to
Ole fathers the high respect which they, deitereel hut when
we find in them tradition's and exposittons contrary to the
obvious purport of the ScriPluret, we feel ourselves bound to
reject them. It would b'e a labourious and weary task to il-
lustrate this resnatk as fully as we might from those volumi-
nous writers; yet it is one which might be accomplished.
When " tradition" is set upas an integral portion of reve-
lation," it is unnecessary to point out its weakness.
The restriction under which it is now profesied to adoPt
tradition, according to the already qgoted rule of V incentius,
of Lirius, is so extensive, " i.at if acted upon, it would
make the exception entirely exclude the rule;" for what doc-
trines in any way tonnected with tradition can be strictly said
to have been always and everywhere and by all adopted? Doc-
trines of this description flow from the Scriptures, not crone
tradition. When we recollect how many at one time adhered
to the Arian heresy, the doctrine of the Trinity,. which is
clearly conveyed to us in the Scriptlare*' cannot claith the
sanction of tradition, wording to this rule the temper mani-
festly fails, and the fierette, good ab omnibus will hardly main-
tain their ground. Yet, when it has been found expedient,
this rule has been relaxed : `• who, for instance, would ever
have supposed that the church of Rome, with its masses, its
image worship, its purgatory, and its indulgencies, would
gravely appeal to the very test by which to try the validity of
a tradition?* The monstrous allegation, that we owe our
belief in the canonical Scriptures to tradition, or, in other
words, that the New Testament itself. is but pritnative tradi-
tion, because it has descended through successive generations
to our time, is most captious sophistry; fur it hob deSt‘etel, d
to us as an acknowledged historical fates accredited by the
fathers, but not deriving its authority from them ; and, as
the Doctor says; we may as well call the pyramids of Egypt
a tradition) as designate the apostolic writings as one.
The boetor rightly believes that not a single particle of
revelation, in the strict meaning of the term, is conveyed to
us by tradition only; that it is improbable that, any portion
of the necessary articles of belief should have been originally
allowed to remain extraneous to the Written word of God;
and that it is certain, if shch portions had been floating in
oral tradition, the recess-slier them is now irredeemably lost.
If then the interpretation orthe church is entitled to respect,
it is not. coercive. The church of Rome supported many,
doctrines by its interpretations, such as the well-known de-
duction of the Pope's supremacy from the due luminaria,
mentioned by Bishop Marsh; the defence of image worshipf
from the words of the Psalmist, "like as we have heard, so
have we seen ;" the vindication of the Pope's spiritual and
temporal authority from " Lord, here are two swords ;" and
the defence of penance from agile pcenitentiam, in the Vul-
gate ; though Quinctilian shows that these words mean to
repent in correct Litany.t What security have we, that
if the present approximation to Romanism be allowed to pro-
ceed undisturbed in its cesirse, we shall not be expected to
submit to similar outrages and puerile interpretations ? In
what way in these attempts to improve on the doctrines of
the Bible do the advocates of tradition act better than the
Pharisees with respect to the ritual law of Moses, than the
monks of the Thebaid, and the Ascetics of the middle ages ?
The attempt has no foundation in revelation, nor is it suited
to the circumstances of human nature, nor can it have any
effect beyond the revival of the cold superstitions of past
times, and the substitution of the abject slavery of external
ordinances for the vital religion of Christ.§
In addition to Dr. Shuttleworth and Mr. Holden, Mr.
Maurice gives his testimony against these insidious allure-
ments to Popery, and pertinently observes, that these are
strange times when the fathers in Zion are asleep, and the
masters in Israel are dumb; and we perfectly agree with him,
that as long as we can have Moses and the prophets, Christ
and his apostles, we envy not Dr. Pusey, Augustine, and the
Fathers; but we have a right to demand that his party will
not force them upon us. Dr. Hook, however, avers, that this
new sect hi the church is not making a patty; how is it,
then, that they confine not their opinions to themselves?
How is it, that they are commanding the press as much as
they can? How is it, that at the same time as this number
two or three new magazines proselytizing its the cause will
appear, which, with the British Critic and British Magazine
already their own, constitute no unimportant armament?
Is not Dr. Hook himself connected with one of them ? The
Bishop of Oxford, too, in his charged! admits the fact of well-
known irregularity, but contents himself with announcing its
cessation : but this is not true ; for irregularities are still
uncontrolled in his diocese. In our opinion, as far as inno-
vations in the church-practice occur in the diocese of Oxford,
his Lordship should principally be censured; because they
could not have continued to this time without his permission,
tacit or expressed. Had the bishop interposed his spiritual
authority, the church of Christ would not have been now rent
by schism : to bins, therefore, we justly impute the blame.
It is, indeed, a most extraordinary act of presumption for
anonymous writers to dictate to the whole church of Christ,-
whether clergy or laity, and in the midst of one of our Uni•
versities, to.send forth their tracts ad :cholas, whilst from the
circumstance of no effectual. shack having been given to
them, the whole country is set in a feverish excitement. By
what right do they disturb our established practices, and why
are they permitted thus to abet Popery under the semblance
of churchmen ?
"There is something," says Mr. Maurice, "very remark-
able in the circumstance, that two of the King's professors

PUSEYISM.
(From the Morning Herald.)
Since we last animadverted upon the papistical doc-
trines of the " Oxford tract men," the following pa-
ragraph has appeared in the Chester Gazette. We
are glad to see that a prelate of the church, so learned
and pious. as the Bishop of Chester, has thought it his
duty to notice and denounce the tenets of the divines
who, in the character and garb of ministers of the
Anglican Church, are endeavouring to unprotertantise
England, and to subject the human mind once more
to the bondage of Romish superstition:—
" The Bishop of Chester has published an address,
condemning as highly improper and indefensible the
new light doctrines' of Drs. Pusey, Bithefl, and
others, which he designates as an attempt from within
the church to assail the reformation, and to introduce the.
worst and most destructive doctrines of the Romish
Church, this being the more to be deplored as coming
from a professor's chair, in one of the seats of instruc-
tion for the ministers of the reformed religion."
It is now upwards of three hundred years since the
errors and corruptions with which the Church of Rome
overlaid the religion of Christianity began to be bro-
ken in upon by the light of the GLORIOt
It S IIEtrtHMA-
TION. is true that nearly two centuries before that
great event, or in the reign of Edward 111., a great
" precursor" of the reformation appeared in the per-
son of Wickliffe, in England, whose preaching Was
like a " burning and shining light," suddenly break-
ing forth in the gloom of the dark ages; acrd even be-
fore then Henry 11., by the Constitutions of Claren-
don, had endeavoured to check within the realm of
England the inordinate ambition of papacy, exhibited
in the most arrogant acts of power, the rapacious taxa,-
tion of the people, and the exemption which the clergy
of the " infallible church" claimed from the control of
secular law and the jurisdiction of the civil tribunals,
and which exemption led to the most extravagant li-
centiousness, immorality, and crime. Henry the Se-
cond's opposition to the Romish system related more,
however, to the temporal and political encroachments
of the popedom than to its spiritual corruptions.
It was in the sixteenth century that the gospel.light,
which had partially shone forth in the fourteenth, and
been again obscured in thick clouds and darkness, was
renewed with a force and splendour which gradually
dissipated in England the deep night of superstition
that had settled upon the face of the Christian world,
and thereby gave her a mighty impulse towards that
moral and political pre-eminence among the nations
which this country subsequently achieved. It was then,
as if by a second revelation, that the PURE FAITH
which the Redeemer of mankind came on earth at this
season to proclaim to all people, but which Popery had
cast out of the sanctuary, was brought forth triumph-
ant from beneath the mass of monstrous fictions under
which it had been entombed, and placed, in its primi-
tive beauty and holiness, in the restored temple of
Christianity. Against that faith, Popery, seated on
the throne of pretended tradition, and grasping the
thunderbolts of assumed infallibility, still wages into-
lerant war, but little can her weapons prevail, except
when assisted in their aim by the treachery of false
Protestant politicians, or the still more dangerous trea-
son to the truth by false Protestant divines.
If we use language too strong for the occasion, our
readers will judge us when we shall have laid before
them some further proofs than we yet have given of
the lengths to which the " Oxford tract men" have
gone and are going in their efforts to work a counter
reformation in England; for, not wishing to mince
the matter, with that design we charge them, or, at
least, some among their body, whose proclaimed opi-
nions either mean that, or are wholly unintelligible.
When we last mote upon this subject, we were not
aware that it formed the subject of an article in an in-
telligent and able periodical, the Church of England
Quarterly Review. From a proof-sheet of that article
in the forthcoming number of the review we shall
quote some extracts, which filly bear out anything we
hare said of the papistical character and tendency of
the doctrines of the "Oxford tract men." Our own
opinions, as already given to the world on this sub-
ject, were such as we thought any unsophisticated
member of the Church of England must entertain
upon the most cursory perusal of the "Tracts for the
Times." But the article in the Church of England
Review brings under our notice a work which we con-
fess we had not seen, called " Fronde's Remains,"
which giving, as it does, the real sentiments of Mr.
Fronde, who was one of the authors of the " Tracts
for the Times," contained in his letters, more than
confirms, upon the best possible evidence—evidence
published with the view of doing honour to his me-
mory—the view which we received from " the tracts"
themselves of the anti-reformation spirit in which the
labours of the "Oxford divines" have been conceived
and executed.

These missionaries of Romish doctrines have en-
deavoured to set up, as the Papists do, tradition with
co-equal or superior power to that of the Holy Scrip-
tures. Speaking upon this point as to the claims set
up on behalf of tradition by our Romanised Protes-
tants, the Church of England Review says, "In
g Froude's Remains' the suspicions are so strengthened
as hardly to leave :he fact in doubt, although the edi-
tor in his preface attempts by sophistry to lead us to a
contrary inference. We defy anv impartial person to
read the passages in the note without attaining the
conviction that Mr. Froude aimed at the establishment
of a new sect, and that a papistical spirit predomina-
ted in his mind. In vol. i., p. 336, he states that he
was becoming every day a less and less loyal son of
the Reformation; that we cannot know that any seem-
ingly indifferent practice of the Church of Rome is
not a developement of the apostolic eethos ; and that it
is to no puipose to say that we can find no proof of it
in the writings of the sir first centuries. They must
find a disproof, if they would do anything—on which
principle (says the reviewer) any nonsense which re-
cords exist not to disprove may be accepted even if its
proposers are unable to prove that it has ever been a
point of faith."

Now we will give a few of the extracts which the
reviewer has made from " Fronde's Remains," one of
which is verbatim, as follows :—" As to the reformers,
I think worse and worse of them. Jewell was what
you would call in those days an irreverent dissenter.
His ' Defence of the Apology' disgusted me more
than almost any work I had ever read." So much for
the opinion entertained by the Oxford tract men" of
our early reformers—" the noble army of martyrs" of
the Protestant faith. We do not, indeed, wonder that
any one who loves Popery should hate Bishop Jewell,
one of the ablest champions of the reformed Christian
church. But we find he was only an " irreverent dis-
senter" from the church of Rome !
Again, Mr. Fronde says :—" / am more and more
indignant at the Protestant doctrine on the subject of
the eucharist, and think that the principle on which it
is founded is as proud, irreverent, and foolish, as that
of any heresy, even Socianism.
This horror of the Protestant doctrtne of the eucha-
rist harmonises Well with the lamentatien over the
loss of the Romish breviary and the attempt to reform
the Liturgy of the Anglican church by restoring to it
the prayers for the dead, invocation of saints, and
the exorcismal mummeries of baptism ,'

* We quote from Dr. Shuttleworth the words- of the Ro-
manist iloreri, in his general Dictionary, under the head of
"Tradition." " Parinilles Chretiens on distingeu deux moiens
de connoitre la parole de Dieu et la doctrine de Jesus Christ
qui sons l'Ecriture Sante et la tradition. Les Catholiques
les croient tous deux de areme autOrite; rnais it fautaconiti
prendre sous la nom de tradition les icrits des Peres, qui
rendent tenaoignage de la doctrine de l'Egiise Catholique.
En afin que lea traditions soient la regle de la foi, it Taut
qu'elles went les conditions marquees par Vincent de Lirius
sans son rnemoire qui soot l'antiquite, l'universalite, et
l'uniformite, %it% palloisse. que c'est une doctrine enseignee
dans toute l'Eglise, en tout terns, et par tousles docteurs
Catholiques. Les traditions, qui Wont par ces caracteres,
soot sujettes a Peineur, et it ne taut pas se fier a des tradi-
tions populaires, denuees de preuves et de temoins." "Such
is the security," says Dr. Shuttleworth, "afforded against
the possible adulteration of the Christian doctrine by the
adoption of this celebrated canon. Can we for a moment
question the authenticity and soundness of the Romish tra-
ditions, after their having been tested by so safe a criterion!"
Dr. Shuttleworth, p. 91, 92.
* Inst. Orator, lib. ix., c. 3.
I. Dr. Shuttleworth.
Dr. Hook's coarse and unwarrantable attack on Dr.
Faussett shows the spirit of the party. • It is that of Roman
intolerance. Dr. Hook, on the other hand, defends the Bishop
of Oxford, who admits that continual, though anonymous,
appeals have been made to him to check the breaches in doc-
trine and discipline through the growth of Popery. The bishop
says, that after diligent inquiry, he cannot find anything that
might be interpreted a breach of discipline in the public ser-
vices of the church ; and at pp. 19, 20, expresses himself in a
manner which convinces us that he is in heart one of these
" A postolicals." His words are, "at the same time so much
of what has been objected to has arisen from minute attention
to the rubric, and! esteem unit', irruitvso highly(and uniformity
can never he obtained without strict attention to the rubric,)
that I confess I would rather follow an antiquated custom
(even were it so designated) with the rubric, than be entan-
gled in the modern confusions which arise from the neglect
of it." But Where in the rubric is it required that the reading-
desk be forsaken for the steps of the altar? Has the bishop
given authority that prayers be read in the chancel ? Has it
not occurred to him, that the right which these men claim
for innovation may be claimed by every-parish priest in his
lordship's diocese, and some may have different and very sin-
gular fancies? In such a case, would his lordship be as --
to urge the rubric in their defence

Opposed to this oasis-like profession of attachment to the
Anglican, and aversion to the Itoinish church, stand the fol-
lowing facts'. This party is disturbing the unity of the church,
on the credit of writers whose authority will only.he admitted
in a veryttualilled degree by many, as they titaiiai out into
theories—parties of Paul, Cephas, or Apollos—they open a
wide door to the enemies °four establishment. These Popish,
or at least semi-Popish opinion's, we conceive incompatible
with any station in the church; and we think that succes.-
sion and abandonment of the loaves and fishes would be more
honest than treason within the sanctuary.
A most sensible writer in Fraser's ilfaualinehas viewed the
subject in the same light (August, l 838), and completely
penetrated the occult, but designing plans of this confede-
racy, He accutely calls to !mind ibe disguises assumed by
the Jesuits in the days of Elizabeth and her successors, and
adds, Inost properly
a We cannot dismiss from our minds the apprehension,
that among the leading spirit of this sect there must exist
some one or more whO are 'diligently, though covertly doing
the work of the apostate church, and of her most able mis-
sionaries, the followers of Ignatius Loyola."

Such too i 6 our own opinion.
The same writer qtiotes from these productions another
evidence of our allegationii—
h He seeks in the church an army, small perhaps, but
united, organized, uncompromising, and proselytizing, whose
noble attitude, and words of high authority, scarce imitated
'by the crowds around them, would be almost at once his gua•
rantee for joining their warfare, and trusting their guidance.
Would he find this in the Church of England? Again, it is
affirmed, that in the church of England 'he would not find
authority.'"

eaSic, does this language befit the University of Oxford,
as members of the church of England, and instructors of her
future clergy ? Does the pliant Bishop of Oxford again find
an excuse for it in the rubric ? If, during the culpable apa-
thy of our spiritual authorities, heresy may thus mature its
growth, and the inferior cle.rgy censure the church, and inno-
vate on her forms of worship, we may apply to these times
the old doggrel,
" 11l fares the hapless family that shows
" A cock that's silent, and a hen that crows."
Many writers, misguided by the profession of adhesion to
the Anglican church, which may be discerned occasionally to
defend their authors as orthodox
,; pleased with the assertion
of the apostolical succession, they do not criticise the argu-
ment which seems to be intended to be founded on it. Much
less do they view the authority claimed for tradition in the
light in which we view it. Dr. Wiseman claims it, equally
with them, in support of his church; and what uneducated
man can decide between the claimants? They and Dr.
Wiseman may converge so finely on the point, that there will
be no barrier to prevent the readers of the tracts from
plunging,• at once into Romanism. If tradition be valid for
the one party, it is valid for the other; and every one who
has read the latter ecclesiastical writers must know, that
.the
Rornauists can there directly appeal for many of their
tradi-
tions. The authenticity of tradition should therefore be
proved ere it be received; if that authenticity cannot be
proved, tradition should be accounted of infervir importance,
and no authority where doctrines are concerned.
Mr. Froude " can see no other claim which the Prayer-
book has on a layman's deference, as the teaching. of the
church, which the breviary and missal have not in a far
greater degree." What the breviary is, may be seen in No_
75 of the tracts; and if its adoration of the Virgin and its
invocation of saints entitle if to a greater degree of defer-
ence than the Prayer-book, it is clear that the person who
assigns to it that deference must himself be infected with the
Roman superstition.
Mr. Newman, too, on the Ariani of the fourth century;
says, "Surely the sacred volume was never intended to teach
us our creed, however certain it is that we can prove our
creed from it, when it has once been taught us ;" which'
words the Roman Catholic Dr. Wiseman avers to be 6uffi
cient for his purpose. Here, then; is a recognition of this.
doctrine by an avowed Papist. But in Froud's Remain.: the
suspicions ate so strengthened as hardly to leave the fact in
doubt, although the editor, iu his preface, attempts by ;so-
phistry to lead us to a contrary inference.* We defy st ny

*- We submit the following extracts to the judgment of m it
readers:—" I think people are injudicious who talk again st
the Roman Catholics for worshipping the saints, and honoui r-
ing the Virgin and images, &c. These things may perhaf ,
be idolatrous, I cannot make up my mind about it." Vol. L
294.

"Tits only thing I can put my hand on as an acquisition it
having formed an acquaintance with a man of some influence
-at Rome, one Monsignor,----, the head of the -- Col-
lege, who has enlightened
our relation to the church of Rome." This the editor, in a
note, wishes us to understand as a jest."—lb. 306.
"So much for the Council of Trent, for which Christ enda,m
has to thank. Luther and the Reformers."—lh. 307.
" It has lately come into my head, that the present states f
things in England makes an opening for reviving tho monas-
tic stem I must go about the country to look ls,t the
sheep of the true fold : there are many there, lam sure; only
the odiui Protestantism sticks in people's gizzards_ I see
Hammond takes that view of the infali,ibility of the cl lurch
which P. says was the- old one. We mast revive —lb.
332.

" Anylbing• that sets people agog is on our side, II depre-
cate a calm."

"How do you like my 'Appointment of the Bishm is?' I
have sent one on 'state interference in matters spirituis I,' very
dry and matter of fact; and mean to have a touch at the
King's supremacy."—Tb.32B.
"We will have a cocabularium apostolicum, and lor ill start
it with four words—pampered aristocrat, resident gen' tlemen,
smug parsons, pauperes Christi."
" I wish you could get to know sot.nething of S: and W.
un ise,* un-Protestantise, un-Miltonize tbea
332.

(From the Manchester Courier.) T"
As the late discussions on the corn laws by the Chamber
of Commerce have attracted some notice elsewhere; and as
the advocates of flee trade have availed themselves of some
of the ergbinefits nsed' by the speakers to force the" subject.
upon the attention "orgovernment and the legislature, it may
be worth while to examine a little snore Closely than we have
hitherto done the grounds upon which the repeal of the pre-
sent duties upon foreign corn is recommended.
'ro prove that the corn laws are not so injurious to our
manufacturing interests, as the advocates of free trade would
have the world to believe, we have already shewn that the
quantity of British produce and manufaCtures exported has
more than doubled since 1815—the average annual value of
the exports of the years 1815, 1816, and TBl7, calculated at
the official rates of valuation, being £38,573,973; and that of
the three years ending 1837 being £78,376,033. It is con-
tended, however; that the declared value of the goods ex-
ported at these periods respectively, does not exhibit any ma-
terial improvement; and that, in fact, the declared value of
the goods exported in 1837 only exceeds that of the exports of
1815 by about four per cent. How, then, does it happen, that
sums so neatly alike represent quantities so very different ?
The reason is, that much higher prices were paid for goods
in 1815 than in 1837. That this was the case is well known
to every man who can remember the former period. In that
year the declared value of cotton goods exported was near
nineteen millions; but then the raw material averaged 191 d.
per 1b.,--(the year before it reached 21. 6d.,) and the prices
of calicoes for printing Were 18s. to 20s.,—such as are now to
be obtained for 6s. or
We are told of the great progress of manufactures in fo-
reign countries. This circuenstance,._ even it were more
alarming than in our opinion it is, ought not to excite surprise.
It is the necessary consequence of the success of British ma-
nufactures, a success which is believed to be one of the main
sources of our power. But is the progress of foreign manu-
factures so great as to justify the alarm expressed by some
of the sages of the Chamber of Commerce? First, we are
told of the injury indicted upon us by the German League,
which ensures, not only protection, but a market for the ina-
nufactures of Germany. Now it appears from a paper laid
before parliament during the last session, that the export of
our manufactures to Germany has rather increased than di-
minished since the comtnencement of the League. The total
amount, according to the declared value, of British produce
and manufactures exported to all parts of Germany, in the
four years preceding the comniencernent of the League, (1830
to 1833 inclusive,) was £18,304,576; and the amount ex
ported to the same countries during the four years subsequent
to the commencement of the League, (1834 101837 inclusive,)
was 19,128,831,. being an increase in four years of £824,225.
Though manufacturing in many of its branches is extending
on the continent, that of cotton spinning dues not appear to
have made such great progress as the statements made by
Mr. Greg and other speakers would lead us to suppose. We
much doubt, taking into calculation the raw material im-
porrted from the United States, and that purchased in this
country, that the average consumption in all the northern
states of Europe exceeds three thousand bags per week, or
about one-seventh of the consumption of this country.
Next we are directed to the rapid rise of manufactures in
the United States; and that the Americans are now our
rivals in markets opeu to both. It is true the quantity of raw
material consumed in the cotton manufactures of the Slates
has increased from 190,000 bales, in 1827-8, to 216,01 X) in
1837-8; but in face of this increased competition, and the
still more powerful rivalry of France, the consumption of
cotton wool in this country has increased from 712,800, in
1827, to 1,064,931, in 1837. Of the amount of exports of
.cotton goods from the United States we have no returns of a
recent date. Mr. Greg, indeed, talks of their sending 200,000
bales of their own manufactured cloth round the Cape of
Good Hope, and 16,000 lo South America, in eighteetimonths.
What was the value of these bales does not appear; but we
may perhaps form a tolerably correct notion of it from the
following statement, which we extract from the Report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, dated the 3 inst. :--
" EXPORTS AND IMPORTS ow 1838.

!` The exports during the. year ending September 30, 1838,
are computed to have been .103,13§,000 dollars.

" Of these about 90,666,000 dollars were of domestic, and
12,470,000 dollars of foreign, origin.
"The imports for the same year were 112,000,000 dollars.
"These are 28,989,917 dollars less in value than those of
the previous year, being nearly 78,000,000 dollars less than
those under the enormous overtrading and other overactious
which characterised 1836.

,For further particulars reference may be bad to the table
annexed.

" h is an interesting fact, that during the last three years
more than 86,000,000 dollars annually, or an average of near
nine-tenths of our whole domestic exports, have been derived
from agriculture. More than seven-tenths of our whole popu-
lation are probably employed in that useful pursuit."
We beg the particular attention of our readers to the last
paragraph. It appears that the average annual value of ma-
nufacturers exported does not exceed ten millions of dollars;
and these teu millions are divided amongst the various
brunettes of domestic industry, which includes, besides ma-
nufactures of cotton, those of other materials. _ _ _

•
But admitting that we are exposed to a formidable rivalry
in foreign countries, is any man out of the Chamber of Com-
merce so silly. As to believe that that rivalry is to be overcome
by lowering the price of bread a farthing or a halfpenny per
lb.? And yet this is the most that can be expected from the
repeal of the corn laws. Would such a reduction in the price
of food justify a reduction of even one farthing per lb. in the
wages of a cotton spinner, or threepence per piece in the
wages of a calico weaver? Certainty not : therefore, we
affirm, that no advantage is to be obtained by the operative
from the repeal of the corn laws, which would enable him to
bear such a reduction of wages as would materially affect the
cost of production.

"We ought to employ itinerant talkers .in Englam d:I am
sure I could stir up people very much in Devonst hire and
Cornwall in that way."—lb. 338.
"You will see it in my letter ther It..ngth e bat lam
being pulled on in Anti-Prot.stantisin."—lib: 347.'
"Mind to send lots of tracts, fur I shall try Lard t to poison
the minds of the natives out here
a good one (production) on the clergy prayi:ug v :Ith their
faces to the altar and their backs to the cong,,:egati• on. In it
Protestant church the parson seems either t be preaching
the prayers or worshipping the congregation." '—lb 365.
"In Yankee-land it is very stupid to insist `on the clergy
having no secular avocations: honest tradesm en, who earn
their livelihood, would be far more indepeuden, t a d respect-
able presbyters than a fat fellow who preache 5z h 1 lself into
opulence." —lb.. 366.
" As to the Reformers, I think worse a•
Jewell was what you would call, in the!
Dissenter: his defence of the apology t'
almost any work I have read."-
" When I get,— -

'Wig Entereti for toabing.

(SINCE OUR LA'S'I4.ttIIiIICATION.)

EAST INDIES, CAPE OF GOOD HOPE, 4-c,
Kingston, II hlaclean, 431 Bombay, Chapman,B4 Willis
' • ' AI RICYC
Winseales, S Connolly., 320 Sierra Leone, W Fisher C Son

LIVERPOOL PRI
(Quoted as duty paid, excepl
Annvs

bigntroal, Pot ..28 6e 29 0
'Pearl, no,* .. 0 0 —35 0
U.States, Pot.: bone.
Pearl
BARK, Quercit 2O Cf —3O 0
Oak. 7 ton xt 0 7 10
German
B 8111 s ToN EA, lon
kc.
Tuscany lO 0 —lO 10
CASSIA LIGNEA, S. d d
V cwt. in bond 52 0 —55 0
CLOVER-SEED, 41/ cwt.
American, red
Dutch I Nominal.

f them :
.1d worse c
days, an ir. reverent
aisgitsted me Tn. ore than

trench St Germ
COCOA, 4 eta
40 0 —l3 0
Grenada 4O 0 —43 0
Brazil 32 0 --35 tl
COFFEE, etet. in bond.

RAILWAY CALENDAR FOR 1839.—A very useful sheet, un-
der the above title has just been published, containing a
map of the railways in England, Ireland, and the South of
Scotland, an almanack, and tabular statements of particu-
lars interesting to persons concerned in railways, with a
variety of other information, which, at the price, Is., is ex-
tremely worth possessing by all who have opportunities of
turning it to account.
THE HOUSE OF COMMoNS IN THE 17TH CENTURY.—The
following orders will serve to contrast the ancient with the
modern practice of the house :—" 1614, 31st May—That this
house shall sit every day at seven o'clock in the tnorning,
and begin to read bills secondly at ten o'clock." " 1642,
19th April—That whosoever shall not be here at prayers
every morning at eight o'clock, shall pay is. to the poor."
" 1659, 31st May—That Mr. Speaker do constantly every
mottling take the chair at eight o'clock, and that the council
of state and committees of this house do forbear to sit in the
morning after eight o'clock, and do then give their attend-
- "j- ..rvice of the house; and that the house do rise
`-• 1696 the house re-
nommittees

Jame tria e.. 150 90 0
ordinary ..
gnodSzfin ord. 93 0-101 0
middling —.103 0-11 0
good mid. ..113 0-125 0
fine mid. &e. 130 0-142 0
Dutch, triage..
ordinary .... 45 0-85 0
good & tine 0rd.90 0-95 • 0
middling 96 0-103 0
rd mid' 104 0-168
fine mid. Sze.
Mocha 92 0 —llO 0
Ceylon 96 0 —lOO 0
Java 45 0 —55 0
Havana
good &fin.ord.42 0 —4B 0
St. Homingo 40 0 —42 0
Brazil 37 0 —42 0

Laguira 45 0 —5O 0
DrEwoons, 4' ton C. a. £ 8.
Logwood, Jam.l2 0 —l2 10
lion. & D0m.12 0 —l2 15
Campeachy 15 0 —l6 0
Fustie„ Span 10 0 —lO 10
Tampico ll 0 —ll 10
Brasil....
Cuba l2 10 —l3 0
NICARAGUA WOOD.
Rio de la Hache
solid ll 0 —l5 '0
rough 5 0— 6 0
small
Lima, solid ll 0 —l6 0
Barwood, Ango 7 10 9 0

Gaboon
Carnwood 20 0 —24 0
Red. San. Wood 7 0 8 0
FLAX, tr ton.
Riga, P.T.R. 45 0-47 0
Fburg, 9 head 39 0 —4O. 0
Archangel none.
Dutch & Flem 6O 0 —llO 0.
GALLS, 4 cut,
Turkey, blue —73 0 —BO 0
mixed 56 0 —65 0
East India 70 0 —72 0
Gixoy.u. 4.7 cwt.
Barbadoes 45 0 —5O 0
Jamaica 80 0 —130.0
E. India, in oondlB 0 —2O 0
Gum, 4s' cwt.

Arible.Tnrkey.7o 0 —l4O C
East India. 25 0 —SG 0
Barbary 45 0 —55 0
Senegal 63 6 —65 .0
ctr ton. s. £ s.
P' burg. clean ..48 10 —49 10

outshot.47 a ---
Riga, Rhine... .49 0 —49 10
outshot.47 0
Archangel ...... 46 0
Manilla ..... 0 —3B 0•
Bombay... ..... 97 0 -29 0
Jute .... r, . 4 0 —l4 10.
HIDES, Ox and Cow, 49'
lb
B. Ayres Sr, Monte Video. dry.
inferior Sz mid.o 8 0 R/
'good S: prime 91— 0 10
Do. salted 0 5 —l 061
N.Amer.salted 0
Brazil 0 51— 0 69
dry salted-0 51— 0 61,
Rio, dry 0 71— 0 8
Valparalso,dry 0 6 0 7}
Odessa. Sce.dry 0 61— 0 71
W. India, dry. 0 54 0 7
salteil• 0 5 0 51
Bast India 0 8 0 929
Kips,B. A.dry 0 71— 0 89
Norse, d. each 9 0 —l9 6
HORSE HAIR, 41 lb.
Short 0 81— 0 9
mixed
long tails .• •
combed ......
Nl:not ,fIP !ti, it:bond.

CES CURRENT.

t when mentioned in bond.)
MAnnEtt, clyr Mi. S. d. s. d.
Dutch, crop 56 0 —62 0
Ombro 4O 0 —52 0
Gamene 25 0 —3B 0
Mull
French, S.F. 4O 0 —4l. 0
- S.F.? _4B 0 —52 0
E.S.F .55 0 —57 ()
Y,5.F.F.58 0 —6O 0
Spanish 39 0 —32 0
MOLASSES, Ir cwt.
Trinidad, &e. 29 0 —‘3n
Demerara, &c 30 0 —3l 0
Bar. & Antigua 31 0 —32 6
MUNJEET, 41/ eta. 14 0 —l6 0
OIL, Olive, 4, 252 galls. •
Gallipoli £53 0 —56 0
Trieste 52 0 —.53 0
SAEliocariltia:ls3 0
ggaal, &c. 5l 0 —5451 0
10
Levant 5O —52 0
Palm, 4p' ton .. • • —46 0
Fish, 47 252 galls.
Seal, pale 34 • 0 —34 10
brown 28 0 —2B 10
Cod 30 0 —3O I 0
LINSEED, 47 cul 29 3.-29 6
Rape, pale do. 45 0 —46 0
Turpen. tft cza 64 0 —65 0
Rica, if, cwt.
Carolina, dress.
in bond none.
Bengal, ord. d 0.15 6 —l9 0
mid. to fine 19 6 —2l 0
African none.
Rua, cir gallon, in bond.
Jamaica,
12 to 160. p 4 3-4 9
stronger 4 10 5 2
choice marks 5 3 6 0
SAFFLOWER. 4f Cu:!.
Bengal,
good & fine £4 0—:I 0
ord mid 1 10 3 13

I Bombay
'SALTPETRE, tr Cwt. S. (1. S. d.
East India 23 6 —29 0
South American 16 0 —l7 0
SHELL LAC, 4, cwt. iys bond. 0
orange BO 0 —126 0
liver & black 6O 0 —BO 0 •
STUNS. '
Nentria, doz 7. 6 —l2 0
Chinehilli, do 20 0 —25 0
Real, each
SHEMAC, 4P' cwt.
Sicily 12
Malaga ll
Trieste
Verona

0 -13 6
0 -11 6
6 - 9 0
6 - 9 0
0 -10 0

Tyrolese
SUG R. 4f, cwt.
B. P, Muscovado
moist brown 53
dry brown 55
good•& mid 60
fine Sz v. fine 66
Mauritius,
" dabs &moist. 51 0 —53 0
brown. 54 0 —56 0
yellow 57 0 —6O 0
fine yellovi 6l () —66 0
East India, Bengal
ord. white 64 0 —67 0
good & fine 6B 0 —7O 0
extra fine 7l 0 —72 0
• Manilla,in bend 21 0 —23 0
, Havana, do,

brown
yellow
white, ord 33
good 3: fine 38
Brazil, in bond.

0 -55 0
6 -5S 6
0 -65 6
6 -71 0

0-10 0
0-37 0
0 -40 0

.16 0 —22 0
.23 0 --25 0
.26 0 -28 0
e. 29 0 —33 0

Bengal,
pur. & violet 7
blue St violet 7
blue
violet, g.& fine 7
ord, & mid. 6
violet &cop. t 5
mixed.... 3
cop. g. & fine. 6
ord. & mix 5
con. quality
Oude ...... 4
Madras 4

Gunjimala, 4f lb.

brown
yellow
white.'ord:
• • good ft fin
TALLOW, 4P. cwt.
P•burgh,-Y.0... ——6 O
Odessa 56 6 —6O 0

Floras
Sohres
Cortes
Caraceas, Floras 7

Sobres.
Cortes
LAO DYE," lb.

Archangel 59 0
Huenos Ayres ..55 u —59 0
TAR, brl. ' •
• Stockholm 0 —l6 6
Archangel l 5 6 —l6 0
Carolina
Virginia none
TARTAR ,'U' Ctri

Cream of Tartar GI 0 —63 0
brown 8: ycl. 50 01_54 0
TEA, 431 lb to bond.
Bohea,Canton 0 10
Pokein . 1 2 1 3
Congou, corn .• • 1 3 1 4
mid. to fine. 1 5 6
Twankay, corn 51._
mid. to good 1 6 1 7
Pekoe, Orange 1 8— 3 6
Campoi,
. . ccun..to good none
Ilyson'Skin 1 1 1 2
' mid. to fine. 1 5 1 7
• Souchong, corn. 1 4 1
goo 4 to fine 1 9 3
Pekoe, fioWeiy 3 0 4 6
Hyson, corn 2 0 2 4
fine 3 0 3 9
Young Hyson 1 11 2 6
Imperial
Gunpowder,
good fine 3 3 4
ITonAdco", 4P 3h. in bond.
•J. River; Leaf ~ • 0 Bi 1 0
Stenlmed....o 11 1 1
0 9 3
Kentucky
Maryland -
:Tuitm ERIC. 4r cwt in bond.
12 0 —lB 0
Bengal
arliNTINg, tp cwt.
American. ••.. 1 0
lon• a.
Smyrna, picked 12 10 —.20 0
Morea 12 0 —l4 0
AVAx. Lirss',44' cid: in bond.
R 0 9 0
j African
East India 9 0 9 10
9 10
American

6 8 0
6 8 .0
none

3 - 8 0
6 - 7 0
6 - 7 0
6- 7 0
0 - 6 9
6 - 7 3
6 - 6 3
6 - 6 6

0 - 7 6
Q-6 9
6 - 5 9
0-7 6
9- 6 9
6 - 5 9

D.T. and prime: 1 10 7-- 4 0
mid. to good 0 11 1 9
ord. & inferior 0 6 0 10;
MADDER ROOTS, if' eta.
Smyrna 51 0 —53 0
Tripoli fC Syria -15 0 —45 0
French 5O 0 —53 0
Naples 35 0 -38 0

LATEST

DATES AT LIVERPOOL.

Direct. Indirect. From Direct
China ... Au; 11 Pernam... Nov. ..23 „, ~,,
Calcutta .. ...., Oct 20 Maranham
Bombay ..
Mauritius . .... Oet ....10 Mohide .. Dec .... 1
St. Helena. Nov. 12
Rio.
Bahia .... Nov .81 , New York;
--..._

Indirect.

LONDON GAZETTE.-FRIDAY, DE .2

PARTNtriSHIPS DISSOLVED.

P. Smith and J. Schofield, Openshaw, Lancashire, bleachers—
J. Walker and E. Peters, Chester, fronmOngers—G. Broughton, 3.
Farrel.. P. Pollard, and R. Sagar, Burnley, Lancashire, cotton—
spinners ; as far as regards R. Sagar.

INSOLVENTS.'
Dec. 26.--Soseph Johnson, Cockermouth, saddler.
27.—William Marsh, Wolverhampton, hosier-

• BANKRUPTS.
George Girgiwyn, Billeri.,ay, Essex, grocer.
Elizabeth Btirchatt, Edwardes-square, Kensington, bodging-
house-k eep er.
Charles Terry, Shoe lane, London, quill-merchant. i
John Creswell, sen. Canterbury, coal-merchant.
William Benjamin Reeve, Brighton. victualler.
John naddleston, Nottingham, builder.
Philip Roger Atcherlev Whitchurch, Shropshire, mercer.
James Threlfall and William Oliver, Manchester, tailors.
DIVIDENDS.
Jan. 21, It. Carruthers, Lower Thames-street, Loudon, whole-
sale eheesemonger—Jan. 21, R. Davis, Watling-street, London,
linen-fggfor-,-Jan. 15, C. Bailey; W. 11, Potter, and T. Clift, Gar-
lick-hill, Loudon, wholesale druggists—Jan. I'9, M. Morgan,
Bloomsbury-square; ,London, lodging-housekeeper—Jan. 19. J. E.
Dowell, Fore-street, London,straw plait-dealer—Jan. 19, I. Marsh,
Tuthury, Staffordshire, grocer—Jan 19, D. Scott, Marylehone-
street, London, woollen-drgrrer—Jars. 23, W. Pilgrim and R. Pil-
grim, Nottingham, drapers.
