Contract.

JERSONS willing to CONTRACT for the SUPPLY of
such quantity of FLAGS as may be req • ed by the Com-
missioners for, the better Paving and Sewer e of the town of
Liverpool, intended to be used in Flagging he Footways of the
Town, may learn all particulars, as to (i. ensions and quality,
on application to Mr. KILSHAW, the ' reasurer to the Com-
missioners. Sealed Tenders of Contracts, for a period not less
than twelve months, to be delivered, addressed to the Commis-
sioners, at their Office, Parish Offices, el" euwick-street, Liver-
pool, on or before WEDNESDAY the 29th of April instant.
By order of the Commissioners,
EDWARD G. DEANE, Clerk.
Liverpool, 13th, April 1835.

DEEDS, not WORDS, are the Maxims of the Day, and to
obtain public favour it is alone necessary to deserve it.
The principles of honest dealing require that the Tradesman
should get a profit, though a moderate one, the ARTIZAN re-
munerating wages, and Families be supplied at the lowest rate
which these combined objects can effect; on this basis HENRY
L. COOPER offers the character and credit of an establishment
of upwards of half a century in existence, as a pledge for the
fulfilment of his engagements with his best friends and patrons,
the Public.

To realize the professions of this brief address H. L. C. so-
licits a view of his STOCK of PLATE GLA , CABINET
and CHAIR WORK, UPHOLSTERY, ~ at the prices
required for them, and fearlessly challenges ompetition in the
united qualities of FASHION, MATER L, MANUFAC-
TURE, and COST; 93, Bishopsgate-str Within, and at his
Western Branch, 57, Conduit-street, Re nt-street.
Among the variety of articles above referred to will be found
LOOKING-GLASSES
of every denomination and size, varying from one foot to eighty
feet and upwards; PLATE GLASS for windows, carriages,
&c., which possess great advantages over crown, and when re-
quired for exportation a considerable drawback obtained.
Annexed are the prices of current Sizes of Plate Glasses, for
Sashes, &c.

13 Inches. Inches. Inches. Inches. Inches. Inches. Inches.
.cs
;:l l5 1 18 20 22 25 128 ao
--,- -- --
:. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s..d. £ s. d. £ ,s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d.
10.. 7 50 -9 30 .10 60 11 91.) 13 .80 15 6 16 11
11..) 8 40 10 5 0 'll 110 13 20 15 30 17 6 19 2
12..0 9 30 11 6 13 014 60 16 110 19 81 ' 1 6
'13..010 2012 74 14 40 15 II 018 101 1 10 1 3 9
14..011 20 13 ' 15 60 17 61 0 91 3 111 6 1
15.. 0 12 10 14 110 16 110 19 21 2 81' 6 11 8 2
16..0 13 00 16 01 18 61 0 101 4 71 8 01'10 0
17..0 13 110 17' 41 0 I 2 71 6 81 9 91 11 10
18..0 14 110 18 91 1 61 4 31 8 21 11 61 13 9
19.. 015 101 0. 21 3 21 5 11 1 9 8 1 13 211 15 7
20..1 16 111 1 6L 4 61 7 6 1 11 31 15 0,1 17 6
22..:) 19 21 4 1. 7 :1 10 31 14 5118 • 6:2 1. 3
26..1 2 81 8 2 1 11 3 1 14 5 1 19 12 3 9.2 6 .11
28..1 6 111 11 .115 1 1 18 62 3 92 9 02 12 6
30.. 1 8 2'l 13 9117 62 1 32 6 11 2 12 6216 3
32..1 10 0 1 16 . 2 0 02 4 02 10 02 16 03 0 0
34.. 1 11 101 18 32 2 62 6 9213 2219 63 3 9
36..1 13 92 0, 6j2 5 2 9 62 16 33 3 0 3 7 6
38..115 7:2 2 2 7 212 3.219 43 6 6311 3
40.. 1 17 62
,5 2 9 I 2 15 03 2 63 10 03 14 5

Oe any sizes containing from 3 feet to 8 feet, at 9s. per foot;
`thus a plate being 30 incises by 18 inches contains 3 feet 9 inches
superficial measure, and costs £1 13s. 9d., as per above tariff.
All under 3 feet superficial at a reduction.
SECOND-HAND LOOKING-GLASSES.
Several superb glasses, varying in size 8 feet, 9 feet, 10 feet,
and upwards in length, by 5 feet and 5 feet 6 inches in width, at
a considerable reduatina- trom the present tariff prices. Or
LENT the-znonth or season. .•-•
CARVING AND GILDING
in all its branches,
_,with an assortment of SPLENDID
FRAMES for CHIM
PIER, CLIEVAL, and TOILET
GLASSES ; .PAINTINGS and PRINTS mounted, framed,
and re-gilt.
PAPER HANGING
in every decorative- department, and in the first style of neat-
ness antlelegance, with a rich variety of new patterns.
CABINET AND CHAIR WORK
manufactured of the most seasoned materials, and for exporta-
tion, of a solidity to suit the warmest climate, and comprises in
this general stock every novelty lately introduced. STEAM
and SAILING VESSELS promhtly fitted up with CABIN
FURNITURE and PASSENGE S' Requisites.
IN THE UPHOLSTERY ARRANGEMENT
the greatest attention is paid to unite elegance with economy in
character for the. DRAWING-ROOM, BOUDOIR, DIN-
ING-ROOM, LIBRARY, and BED-CHAMBERS, from the
most quiet to the most costly styles, with a handsome assort-
ment of silks, tabaretts, figured damasks, chintz, &c., alwuys ou
_ show. CIRPETING
_

of the fabric especially made for the icist upholitery houses, viz.
Bru-sets, Kidderminster and Venetian; also, a few of the
much-admired Velvet Pile Carpets, Hearth Bugs, Druggets,
• Baize, Floor Cloth. Bcr.

BEDDING, BLANKETS, &c.,
well seasoned, real Dantzic Feathers, also equally prepared
"light Downy Feathers for second and third-rate Beds, Elastic
Spring Hair and Wool Mattresses ; real Witnevs, fine Bath
•and York Blankets, Marseilles Quilts and Counterpanes. In
the articles of Bedding, Blankets, &c., so essentially important
to'all, H. L. C. is determined that no trader shall supply them
on better terms.

HOUSE AGENCY.
A register kept at both establishments for the disposal or
procuring of every description of HOUSES, FURNISHED
or UNFURNISHED, ESTATES, &c. Properties surveyed,
and fixtures appraised.
FUNERALS

furnished and conducted with the greatest propriety, and with
every consistent regard to economy.
Families in the COUNTRY may command the most ap-
p_roved TASTE. by being waited on at HOME with PAT-
TERNS, and DESIGNS MADE ON THE SPOT, cal--
culatedlo harmonise with the plans, proportions, and decorations
of the rooms; aiad their orders delivered and fixed on terms
forming a very small addition to the first cost by the system
adopted by this concern.
With this short emuneration of the leading articles of his
trade, and the very favourable terms on which he undertakes
to supply them, HENRY L. COOPER APPEALS TO ALL
CLASSES for a continuation of that flattering preference hi-
therto afforded his House, 93, BISHaPSGATE-STREET WITHIN
WESTERN BRANCH, 57, CooDUIT-STREF.T, REGENT-STREET.

WATERLOO-HOUSE, 4, OLD HAY-MARKET.
CARDEN AND PRESTON,
WHOLES:ILE AND RETAIL SILK MERCERS, LINEN
DRAPERS, HOSIERS, GLOVERS, HABERDASHERS,
SHAWL AND LACEMEN.
CIARDEN and PRESTON beg to announce to the Public
lJ in general their return from the London and Manchester
Markets, where they have been unusual ortunate in their
purchases, having selected for cash, that present essential re-
quisite, though rare article, some of the eapest Lots of Goods
ever yet offered to the notice of any ic.
C. and P. would beg to invite th attention particularly to
their Stock of figured and Plain Gros de Naples, Ducapes, &c.
Shawls in very great variety, amongst which are several new
styles, in French Cachmere, Thibet, Printed China and real
Lama Muslins, French and Town Printed Ditto, Cambrics,
Blankets, Quilts and Counterpanes. Irish, Scotch, Barnsley,
and Russia Sheetings, in every width; Scotch, 11Ianx, and
Barnsley Linens, 44ths and 7-Bths Irish Ditto, all warranted
Grass-bleached and the best make that can possibly be pro-
duced; Hosiery anti Gloves of every kind, 745 dozen of White
Cotton Hose, amongst which are several dozens beautifully em-
broidered, at halt the usual price; 50 Boxes of French Gauze
Ribbons, particularly worthy the attention of Milliners.
C. and P. will not attempt to deceive their Friends and the
Public by quoting a list of prices, being fully aware how impos-
sible it is for any individual to form an idea of cheapness of
Goods without an inspection, and beg to state that their Estab-
lishment is now open, with an entirely new Stock, every article
in which will be marked at such prices that they have every.con-
fidence in stating it will'be impossible for any house to compete
with them.
N.8.--Every article in Haberdashery will be sold at Cost
Price, and the lowest price will be named for every description
of Goods, from which no abatement can possibly be made.
Family Mourning in great variety.

There is,,we are authorized to state, no truth in the reported
change of medical attendants by his Royal Highness the Duke
of Sussex. •

, in ,
' The House of Commons committee on printed papers their
report recommended that the whole number of copies of. the
statutes for promulgation be printed of one uniform (r_oyal
octavo) size, and to be distributed to members by the Vote-
office, as the parliamentary papers now arc, as soon after the
completion of each sheet as possible.
The Duke of Wellington intends to spend the Easter recess
at Weimer Castle, which is now preparing to receive his grace.
During his stay, as Lord Warden, he will hold a harbour ses-
sion, to direct the further progress of the works for the improve-
ments of the port of Dover. The extensive range of buildings
now constructing on the Esplanade there is to be named Wa,
terloo Crescent, in honour of the noble and gallant duke and
his former companions in arms.
ADMIRALTY PATRONAGE.—It is due from us to acknowledge
that Lord de Grey, during his short presidency over the naval
affairs of the country, has made some promotions of de-
serving officers, whose claim to his notice was solely grounded
on their services—the due reward of which does his lordship
much credit, and will he appreciated in the navy.—Hampshire
Telegraph.
NORTH Essex ELECTION.--The elevation of Mr. Baring to
the peerage causes a vacancy in the repiesentatiou of North
Essex ; and we have the pleasure to state that John Payne Elwes,
Esq., of Grove House, is in the field as a candidate ou the con-
servative interest. On Tuesday a very numerous and highly
respectable meeting of the North Essex Loyal and Conservative
Association was held at the White Hart Inn,s.Bocking, at which
meeting it was unanimously resolved to give to Mr. Llwes that
zealous support which he eminently deserves. Mr. Elwes is a
man practically and thoroughly acquainted with all that relates
to agriculture and to the agricultural interest, and it would be,
impossible to find a more warm and uncompromising friend to
the farmer. Mr, Elwes is one of the . good old John Bull
school—plain speaking and sincere, and he possesses that sterl-
ing good sense which is of far more value in a legislator than
the meretricious captivations of splendid eloquence, tvhich, like
the ignisfatiois, only gleams to betray. In the address of the
worthy candidate to the electors he expresses regret that time
will nut permit him to make a personal canvass. Mr. Elwes is
too well known in North Essex to experience any disadvantage
from that circumstance; he has in every village friends to re-
present him, and to advocate his claims io the honour of repre-
senting that division of the county. We do not hear of any
one coming forward to oppose Mr. Elwes. Our reason assigned
is that it is not worth while to contend the matter, as it is pro-
bable that a general dissolution of Parliament will shortly take
place. "The grapes are sour," cried the fox, when he could
not reach them. The election is to take place at Braintree on
Monday, the 27th.—Essei Standard.
THE INDIAN CHIEF.—The Indian Chief, Muk Coonse, who
has acquired so much celebrity, is about to return with his sister,
and remaining portion of his tribe, to his native home, having,
it is understood, accomplished the primary object, of his migra-
tion, viz., the settlement of some land, purchased by our govern-
ment. Since his acquittal for an alleged offence several parties
have been eager to engage him for exhibition. The managers
of the Garrick and Pavilion Theatres have made offers for the
performance of himself and party; an enterprising omnibus pro-
prietor hasoffered no Jess than £lOO for the three Greenwich fair
days for the Chief to exhibit at his repository on the Greenwich-
road. Sir Augustus D'Este and his other patrons have, how-
ever, placed their veto against any further exhibition of himself
and followers as puppets to "the million." The Chief and his
sister have acquired some knowledge of English, but on 'their,
return they will 6., iuinst.tod iu .1.14110 i. " native thrifty." -The
Chief has lost his squaw and two of his tribe during his short
sojourn in this country. One of his followers has just recovered
from a severe attack of the small-pox.
THE SILENT SYSTEM OF PRISON DISCIPLINE.—Among the
points to which the inquiries of the committee of lords has been
prominently directed in examining the witnesses from the Mid-
dlesex House of Correction and the Westminster Bridewell has
been as to the practical working of the silent system recently in-
troduced. This system consists in compelling the prisoners to
maintain a profound silence while performing their labours on
tire rotatory wheel of the mill. Neither laugh nor joke may
pbs on pain of solitary imprisonment and partial stoppage of
pitrisious.. With a view to improving the discipline of the gaol,
theayititing magistrates sent Mr. Chesterton, its governor, a
sh white back to visit and to make inquiries at various pri-
son '' 5 far north as Glasgow, and much of the information
glee has since been adopted, this being part. It has been
la"
found* work powerfullyin producing a salutary dread of im-
prisonifitat. Persons whose faces had been constantly familiar
forrtuyoeacirrajhe turnkeys, they seldom passing more than one
o
day V.large at a time, have, on their discharge, declared
they would take-..sare not to come there again, and have kept
their-word. Many known metropolitan thieves are now mak-
ing the circuit of the- provinces. A large proportion have emi-r
grated into Sorry, and it af;pettr.s others have confined their
operations to the city of London; On Thursday last Sir Peter
Laurie declared that the gaols of London had become ....,
pletely crowded since the change;, It is by thefair s',
-:ir•.lllfit
plan of compulsory taciturnity seeinisto be most ' ... ' ''!. •
PATRIOTS, ANCIENT AND MODERN. 0 'en time a pat-
riot was one whose soul was purely intent on his country's good
—who studies how to improve its (arts, manufactures, and
resources, without a single selfish wish or interested motive
—one who would sacratice fortune, nay even life itself, for its
prosperity, and lie more than satisfied, it', with the honest
applauses of his fellow men, he gained that popularity his soul
told him he had studied to deserve. Well, tempera mutantur et
nos mutamur in alit, there is no such feeling now in existence,
to urge a man to high and honourable actions. High and
honourable, forsooth !—Why the modern patriots ("praise unde-
served is Onsiire in disguise") have not even a shred of either
honor or nature amongst them. The first qualification typical
of these worthies; is indomitable impudence and assurance, that,
will support their nerves in bullying, braiadoiuo, and plundering
—for plunder it is by which they exist, and like vampires they
suck the blood of their deluded folloWers ! Let a mau set him-
self forward and babble of slavery, freedom, repo le, and church
intolerance-Aet him beg fo• fuLds to feed his children and bias-
self—let )iim raise cu
finally, get hanged for a thousand
tnniitteet,, and pocket the subscriptions—
he lauded as a martyr to 'his thrlaitruneesy:aanlldbit:ifsornieeLm-iiour;y awnidli,
prin-
ciples—a man murdered fur his patriotism, his sterling virtue,
and undaunted advocacy of fats country's wrongs.-10oldiri
JVardsr.

Jimperiat Varlianunt.

HOUSE OF LORDS.--WEnNEsoAv.
The Lord Chancellor touk his seat on the woolsack at five
o'clock.

• The Duke of Gordon presented petitions in favour of the
.eitablished church of Scotland.
_ _

The Earl of ltosebery presented a petition from Aberdeen
against any additional grant to the Scotch church.
The Earl of Malmesbury presented a petition from Lyndhurst
New Forest, Hants, signed by 200 persons, praying fur protec-
tion towards the established church of England and Ireland:
Mr. Lyons brought up some papers from the Court of Chan-
cery (Ireland.)
On the motion of the Earl of Shaftesbury, several private
bills were read a third time and passed.
The Duke of WELLINGTON said he had given notice that he
would on that day move an adjournment of the house till Thurs-
day, the 30th instant; but, as it might be inconvenient to his
majesty's. service, considering the present unsettled state of the
government and the difficulties of the country, to proceed with,
the motion then, he begged to withdraw it till to-morrow.
The Duke of DCCKINGII A M asked his noble friend what mo-
tion did he intend to make to-morrow, and what was his object
in postponing the motion of which he gave notice for the pre-
sent day ?
The Duke of WELLINGTON said that it might perhaps be in-
convenient for the public interest to adjourn on that day to the
30th. It would be better, in the present state of the govern-
ment, to wait till to-morrow, and then adjourn merely for the
Easter recess. • _ _

The Duke of CUMBERLAND agreed with the noble duke.
The House of Commons would sit to-morrow on public busi-
ness •' and it was desirable that their lordships should see in
what state the affairs of the government and the country were
likely to be in before they adjourned.
Lord Brougham made an observation, which was inaudible.
The Duke of WELLINGTON said it would be inconvenient to
adjourn on that night to a particular day. It was fit that they
should not adjourn till it was convenient, or longer-than was
convenient, for the public service that they should adjourn.
The house then, at half-past five o'clock, adjourned till to-
morrow.

HOUSE OF LORDS.—THugsDAY,

The Earl of Shaftesbury, in the absence of the Lord Chan-
cellor, took his seat on the woolsack at half. past four o'clock.
The Duke of GORDPN presented several petitions in favour of
the'established church of Scotland.
The Earl of ROSEBERY presented a petition to the same
effect; and also one praying their lordships not to make any ad-
diticinargrant to the church of Scotland.
Several private bills were brought up from the House of
.nonitst H.,. war. nnPisir amending and increasing
the powers of the Grand Junction Water Works Company, and.
another for lighting the town of Dunnally, Carna'rvonshire.
Mr. Rice Trevor and others brought up the Bury Port har-
bour bill.

•Colonel Evans brought up the Westminster improvement
bill.

Several private bills were read a first time.
The Earl of Aberdeen brought up some papers relative to the
abolition of slavery in the West Indies.

ADJOURNMENT OF THE 1100 E.
The Duke of WELLINGTON rose, and said that, having from
a consideration for the public service postponed yesterday his
motion for the adjournment of the house to this day, he would
now move that the house, under existing circumstances, do ad-
journ to Saturday.
The question having been put, the house adjourned at twenty
minutes past five o'clock.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.--THURSDAY.
The Speaker took the chair at half-past three o'clock.
DUBLIN ELECTION.

Mr. MAXWELL, the chairman of the Dublin eleCtion com-
mittee, brought up their report, which stated that,, on the part
of the sitting members, an application bad been made to the
committee to issue a commission for the purpose of examining
witnesses in Ireland, and the committee having heard evidence
in support of such application, had decided that, in consequence
of the great expense and inconvenience that would be occasion-
ed by the examination of witnesses here, such commission
should issue to examine evidence in Ireland, and that, one barris-
ter on each side having been named, a third barrister was
named by the said committee, who were duly appointed com-
missioners, with directions to proceed to Ireland, for the pur-
poses of the said commission, on Saturday, the 2d of May.
The hon. member then moved that the committee have the
leave of the house to adjourn until the speaker du direct them to
re-assemble.
The motion was then put and agreed to.
IPSWICH COMMITTEE.

Mr. PLUMPTRE applied to the house for leave for this commit-
tee to adjourn till the 18th of May, in consequence of the illness
of Mr. P. M. Stewart, the chairman, and the absence, from a
severe domestic affliction, of another member of the committee.
Leave granted.
Several petitions were presented relative to private bills.
Col. HEATH HAY moved the second reading of the Leith
harbour bill.

The bill was then read a second time .without a division.
Several private bills were forwarded a stage.
MINISTERIAL. NEGOCIATIoNs.

Sir R. PEEL rose and said—Sir, having had the honour of
receiving an intimation from bis Majesty similar to that which
induced me to move the previous adjournment of the house to
this day, I consider it my duty,. under such circumstances, to
move that this house, at its rising, do stand adjourned until
Saturday next.
•
On the question being put,
Mr. SINCLAIR rose to inquire whether the negociations pre-
paratory to the formation of a new government had advanced so
tar towards completion as to justify the adjournment being
made only until Saturday, or whether it was not likely that on
Saturday they would again have to adjourn to a future day?
Public business was in arrear, and the greatest anxiety was ex-
perienced by the people upon the subject of the new ministry.
They had been told day alter day—at any rate it had long been
predicted by certain newspapers—that the administration of his
right hon. friend had not a leg to stand upon, nor another hour
to live--that it was in articulo mortis—and the noble lord oppo-
site (Lord John Russell) was prepared, to administer the sacra-
ment of extreme unction. (Laughter.) That noble lord had,
however, found that it was much easier to overthrow one minis-
try than it was to construct another. It was easier to destroy
the Doric column of conservative erection (cheers and laughter)
than it was to build up an edifice of the composite order.
.(Laughter and cheers.) The speech of his right hon. friend ou
a late occasion had created a decided opinion in the country, for
it was manly and eloquent, statesmanlike and impressive.
(Cheers.)
Lord JOHN Russet', said he did not rise for the purpose of
discussing the propositions of the hon. member (Mr. Sinclair)
although he felt a difficulty in making any communication to
the house relative to the new administration; yet, as an hon.
member had desired information upon the subject, it was his
duty to afford it; and be could only state that, upon 'the dis-
solution of the late ministry, his Majesty sent for Earl Grey,
requesting his advice in the present state of public affairs. That
subsequently, by the advice of Earl Grey, his Majesty sent for
Lord Melbourne and the Marquis of Lansdowne, and that af-
terwards a communication bad been made by those noble lords
to his Majesty, but that communication was one of a prelimin-
ary nature, and he ( Lord J. Russell) could not at present state
the nature of-it nor give any further information than this, that
before Saturday next the list of those who were to form the new
cabinet could not be submitted to the house.
The other orders of the day were then disposed of.
The house adjourned at a quarter past five o'clock.
