lbetrp.

THE CATALOGUE.

AIR—" Come tell me, said Rosa, as kissing and kiss'd."
7'. Moore.

From the Cheltenham Looker-on.
Come tell me, my Palm, said the Countess one day,
As a kiss I adroitly purloined,
Come tell me the number, repeat the list, pray,
Of the Administrations you've joined.—
Oh ! Countess, 'twas only my fancy that swerved,
My politicks ne'er were amiss—
But 11l tell you the number of those I have served
And I hope it won't finish with this.
My first was with Liverpool, worthy old soul!
He taught me to labour my best—
My duty I did pretty well, on the whole,
And Liverpool fancied the rest—
His lessons of high and Conservative lore agg
I have somehow forgot I allow—
I had them by rote very often before,
But by heart I've got Whiggery now.

Shrewd Canning came next, whose career was a span
I determined to follow his path,
For I fancied that George was a wonderful man,

And would make me Grand Cross of the Bath—

But Canning was not of the farcical school,
And he laughed at the embryo Knight—
While I thought him a Solon, he thought me a fool,
And I fear he was most in the right.
My time was now dull, till by Wellington's tone
To rat I was strongly inclined,
But the Duke I soon found had a way of his own,
And my speeches were not to his mind—
So I left the old soldier, and hastened to fly
To sage Grey and the liberal host,
Who argue the point with a wink of the eye,
And convince us at once with a post.
Oh ! Melbourne was then the Premier for me,
But Melbourne so roguish had been,
That do what we would, we could never agree
On his chatting so much with the Queen—
Oh ! Melbourne, I've said, when at Windsor we've dined
What's flirting to us, in this case
I believe that some pleasure on earth we may find,
And believe that that pleasure's,in place !

CONTEMPORARY PRESS.

ARCHBISHOP WHATLEY'S LOGIC.

NEW EDITION.
( From the Dublin Evening Mail.)
The admirers of correct reasoning will be gratified
to learn that a learned gentleman has in preparation a
new edition of the above excellent work; we do not
mean the distinguished author himself, whose impor-
tant avocations—especially as he has undertaken the
task of compiling an epitome of the Rosary of the
Blessed Virgin, for the use of the national schools—no
longer afford leisure for secular literature; but one
even more distinguished as a rhetorician, and perhaps
equally great as a philosopher—we mean Mr. O'Con-
nell, the member for
The principal improvement effected by the learned
editor on the Aristotelian system, appears in the third
figure of syllogisms, which has hitherto been very in-
adequately exemplified, but all the propositions belong-
ing to this figure are now, we think, through his laud-
able exertions, rendered consequential to the meanest
capacity. We subjoin specimens of the first five :

DA- The difference between £lO and £8 is just 40s.
Sharman, my boy, according to arithmetic;
1. }RAP- But if you pronounce aliens aliens you'll never ge
medal at school.

Ergo—The agitation is no humbug.

) Fa. Oh, Sharman, my jewel!
2 tAP- "You lie,"
'j Tort. Ergo—l-Its ears ought by no means to be nailed to
the pump.
) Dis- We are miraculously unanimous;
3. Am- But " nobody axed you, Sir, she said,"
) is. Ergo—We must form a Precursor Society.

1 DA- Any man that has not a respect for O'Connell has
I no respect for Ireland ;
4.
1-Tts- But white waistcoats are not the fashion in Ire-
land, at all, at all,
)t. Ergo—The box shall go round.
Bo- "Great Britain and England," oh!
5. KR ki• But I have 54 children and grandchildren,
DO. Ergo—DOWN WITH YOUR SHILLING!

&c. &c. &c

SUNDAY TRAVELLING ON RAILWAYS.
(From the Scottish Guardian.)
We are sure that it must have given our readers and
the Christian public great joy to learn that the decided
stand which has been made by the Presbytery of Edin-
burgh, and other ecclesiastical courts, has been suc-
cessful in putting an end to the Sabbath desecration
which had begun upon the Dalkeith railway. All:par-
ties, and especially the poor and working classes, are
deeply indebted to them and to the influential pro-
. prietors who came so promptly forward for this protec-
tion against incipient, but what in all probability would
ere long have proved wide-spread slavery and oppres-
sion. While the Sabbath is the day of God, and there-
fore property which no one is entitled to appropriate for
any purposes but those which He has authorised, it is
eminently the birthright and privilege of the poor; and
those are their greatest enemies, under whatever name
of freedom they may attempt to disguise their tyranny,
who would break down the barriers of that day, and
rob them of its peace and cessation from labour. Once
legalise the desecration of the Sabbath, and what be-
gins with pleasure would soon terminate in toil. his
gratifying, and we trust it will be useful to other com-
panies, to see how strong and warm is the religious
feeling of the community after all that has been done
to poison and debase it. The proprietors who passed
the obnoxious resolution represented but twenty
*bares, and consisted only of five
elcispiirittrgrjyrel,
Those who rescinded it re,prAfattlieri. resolutions
;iiniikez,lar,ge)m-Itrave not been misinformed, there
was a sensible diminutiOn in the gains of the com-
pany, not only in the number of persons, but in the
amount of the merchandise conveyed on the week af-
ter the profanation of the Lord's-day had begun. We
know that a number of persons agreed together that
they would travel no longer by that railway to any of
its destinations, and that some of its best servants
would have resigned had the outrage been continued.
We hope that Christian men will feel it to be their
duty, and will be encouraged by this case, to use all
the influence of their property, as well as of their ex-
ample, in protecting the sanctity of God's day where
it is in any danger of violation, and that they will
combine to apply a remedy where the evil exists Why
should our Exchange be open to Sunday newspaper
reading ? Is it much better than Sunday railroad tra-
velling ? No one will wonder to be told that the
Edinburgh Scotsman newspaper has signalised himself
on the present occasion by his advocacy of the railroad
desecration. Some papers have taken miserably low
ground in defence of the Sabbath—such ground as
would have sanctioned the profanation, if it had only
happened to he agreeable to the feelings of the Scot-
tish people; but he has the unenviable distinction of
being time patron and defender of Sabbath violation,
under the pretence of regard for the poor. And yet
this is eminently the paper of dissenting ministers and
dissenting laymen. What will they say to this ? What
can they say, but that the Scoe.vman is following out
their own voluntary principles—that the state has no-
thing to do with religion—that the civil law has no
business with the Sabbath—and that all men should
therefore be left to trade and traffic, oppress each
other, and amuse themselves on its sacred hours as
they please,
without let or hindrance. And Volun-
tarism is the friend, and the only friend, of religion!
Pity the religion wbieth is left to such a friend ! We
need scarcely say, that the feeling in this quarter, and
throughout the Church,
in behalf of Sabbath protec-
tion, is so strong, that had the Presbytery of Edin-
burgh been obliged to go to the House of Lords with
the railway company, they would have been cordially
supported.

THE LATE PARLIAMENTARY SESSION.
1;01 Orford Herald.)
A fragment of a paragraph in our last number af-
forded room enough for a recapitulation of the minis-
terial achievements of the ten monlks' session ; but if
we are called upon fnr a list of the failures and defeats
of her Majesty's advisers, we must decline the task, on
the plea that the columns of a weekly journal cannot
contain them without excluding all other matter, " so
great"—to borrow Johnson's plirasct in alluding. to the
worldly circumstances of his friend Goldsmith—" so
great is the negative catalogue" of their sere ices and
%successes. This necessity of silence on our part, and
on the part of other weekly journals, is of less conse-
quence, because ministers and the country are sure to
hear of the desertions and disasters in the loud voice
of the disappointed "movement." Already that voice
is andible at Birmingham, Manchester, Aberdeen, and
Edinburgh, and throughout the whole length and
breadth of Ireland ; and it will be still higher and more
angry before many weeks shall pass.
Now, if Lord Melbourne and this colleagues were
guilty of nothing worse than defeating the hopes of
the revolutionist factions, they would merit our grati-
tuda rather than our hatred and contempt; but when,
as is notoriously the fact, they stand before the coun-
try guilty of having themselves, for lucre sake, in-
spired the hopes that they have disappointed, and ex-
cited the fierce passions which they now vainly labour
to repress—hatred r.nd contempt are almost too mild
feelings to entertain towards the authors of this sordid,
two-fold treachery. In such a case, one can look with-
out compassion upon the victims of their own crime
perishing in the fire that they have kindled for a wicked
gain.
Such seems to be the approaching doom of the Ca-
binet. Ministers have no longer the Monarch to place
between themselves and the indignation of their radi-
e.l ahaiplac_ancl auxiliaries. as they dicttnost traito-
rously place the late King. They can no longer shift
upon the House of Lords the responsibility for their
defections and failures. They have not even asked
the House of Lords to pass any of the favourite mea-
sures of the British radicals ' • and the bill which is now
put forward as a pretext for fanning into new rage the
old flame of Irish rebellion, is a bill brought in by mi-
nisters themselves—namely, the Irish Tithe Bill. This
is the position in which Lord Melbourne and his col-
leagues stand with ,relation to the Radicals and Pa-
pists—they have broken faith with their allies, and
have no apology to offer but treachery or weakness, or
both.

To expect, however, that the Radicals and Papists
will resent the injury in an honest and manly manner,
by turning their backs upon " the squeezable cabi-
-120,14 *mild be to pay an unmerited compliment to
these parties. The Radicals are just as mean, as
