THE COURT.

Wirsnsots.,-Tussoar.—We regret to state that her Majesty
is suffering from the effects of a severe cold. The Quden has
not been able to leave the castle since Sunday last, and the
Drawing-ithom is in consequence postponed.
The King, notwithstandinsg the melemency of the weather,
continues to, take hie accustomed airing.
The DuChess of Cambridge leaves Berliia on her route to
England this.,day.. Her Royal Highness will land at Dover on
Monday nekt, and on the following day will proceed to London.
Tho friends and electors of air John Riley will give a very
splendid entertainment to that gallant general at Windsor on
Tuesday next, in celebration of his being declared the sitting
aseinbei for the borough, in the room of Sir John De Beauvoir,
after a scutinv.
The premier and a certain fascinating lady are said to have
lately eat to an artist for their portraits, in the appropriate cha:
racters of Pericles and Asposia.
Lord Alvantey is said to have commissioned the Hon. George
D. Darner to deniand an apology for (he gross epithet applied
to him by the Irish dictator.—Morning Post.
The parties assembled in the country houses during the recess
have beer unusuailly dull; and fewer marriages are said to be
on the Lapis this year among the junior members of the aristo-
cracy than have :ever before been known at .a similar season,
when the .Easter'parties were proverbial for being the hotbeds
for many an-incipient attachment.--lbid.
We reget to announce the death of John Russell, Esq., son
to Lord William Russell, and nephew to the Duke of Bed-
ford.—lbid.
Their Royal Highnesses the Duchess of Kent and Princess
Victoria, attended by Sir George Anson, Lady C. Jenkinson,
Ike., occupied, her Majesty's box at 'Drury-lane Theatre on
!Tuesday evening.
The Dowager Lady De-Clifford left Carlton-terrace on Tues-
day morning for the seat of her relative, the Baroness De
a:in:ford, at Kirby Mallory, in consequence of the unexpected
demise of Captain Russell, husband to her ladyship. The
gallant officer was in his thirty-ninth year; ha was the third son
at Lord William Russell, by the late Lady C. Villiers.

TWO SONNETS,
ill THOMAS CAMBRIA JONES, (ARTHUR OP " MORTALITY. ;
• PORM SUNG IN SOLITUDE.")

4iiE WORtin.ll.44: to THE rovz.
Poor, thoughtful fool, who, from the careless throng,
Passest thy days in musing idleness,
And the vain visions of impassioned song,
'Mid which thy Spirit, unrestrained and strong,
In words embOdiet what She, shOisba.reprers,—
Thought-4.whieili alone tlll6 thy tribe belong,—
.Unfashiq'C'a'Wb`-viitiie • - • -
The loveliness: of Truth, and sages old •
Who laboured in be cause, and sufler'd by •
Tbr bate and venom of her enemy.
And wilt thou still in her lost cause be bold t'
Beware, beware! and thy rash censure hold!
The worlel as it was erst is still the same,--
Loss not thy present good for future praise and fume.

.
POST TO TOE ITORLDLIVG.
• .cannot change the colour of the thought
With whiCh teo; &Krim is fuli,—nor yet conceal
The feelings my heart is prone to feel.
I would he silent,,—but my mind, when fraught
With its perceptions, is a restless thing.
Until it caluis itself in poesy,
WhereWitli it shakes itself the fabled wing,
And revels in--a world, denied to thee,
Peopled with all that's bright and flourishing;
Where all is beauty, love; and purity.
This is not losing present good for fame--
Out rising 'hove the present ill to good.
Therefore, poor Wes Idling, cease that voice of blame,
Nor scoria a poet and his solitude.

TO AN INFANT. s
Ala, tease thy tears and sobs mv, little life I
I did but snatch away the unclasped knife,
Some safer toy will soOn arrest thine eye.
And to quick laughter etiango this peevish cry.
Poor stombler on the rocky coast of woe,
Tutored by pain caeb source of pain to kuowi
Alike the foodfol fruit and scorching fire
Awake thy eager grasp and young desire;
Alike the good, !helllfill'eud thv.sight,
And rot*: t4e„s.toruly aense of shrill: affright i .
I.lntaugh4let'vriaie, ;mid all thy. briel alarms'
Thou nldfehr Oingest to thy mother's arnia, .
Restlink Liiyilitlie face in that foal breast : ',
ita
Whose tixiglis Ilea, ipg.sjull thee, to thy rtit!
s„,, Driiiatisa,teliiiiii-ature,! ttio,tiloak'st pkeliiightr.
A babe 'it ' ttilori,: and. stieh.,a'Aing hill I. !
.: ' •-- • •
To augik pid, ana,as soon, tippeaased-,7,'
For fria rrqufti44. 0.(.1 to triliai*pleased .-. ' , ,
la
Break firshilqrairi7o, with a.mvish
,hlow,, , ,
Vat snit Yrfutt'roals or Are oui.p' leagure's altar gldW,!.
0 thou Watieffites'i nith'celeFtiakaiM, . ` : •:,. ,
The futtkrii pe,raph in Ity:rrabrOljtal'oe, . ' .. ''•
I' la rice loaWfaith : riabafe'yer-th (In s 1.11140; '
Mon I'4'atkr With atiprketiied•feet,'
Still let. me ftretch tiiy aims and cling to thee,
Meek aurae of souls through their long infancy.
Coutittrme.

• r

A wag, speaking of the embarkation of troops, said, " not-
withstanding many of 61= leave blconaing wives behind, they
Vi away in trariviorti."

.;,47 '"!'!

LONDON LAW REPORT.

COURT OF CHANCERY, MONDAY, APRIL '27.
(*LEY C. LORD FERKERS. . . . .

The Lords Cciminissioners were occupied, in their private room
up to twelve o'cloCk iu hearing this case, after which they took
their seats in'court; _ _

ATTORNEY-GENERAL D. THE SOCIETY FOR EDUCATING NEGRO

SLAVaS.
Wigrain stated this to be an application by the parties
interested in the charity, the objecf-61—Which was that a new
scheme might be [rained for the administration of the trust
funds. The charity was.originally founded fur the religiousiu-
struction 'of slaves in America. After the declaration of inde-
pendence the charity-funds were devoted, under the sanction of
this court, for the instruction of slaves in the West Indies, and
a diode'. of incorporation was granted to the society, the de-
fendants' on this record. To. that society was intrusted the
management alid distribution of the income of the estates, which
was very considerably increased beyond the original foundation,
and which now amounted to a sum of £2,300 per annum. A
new difficulty had, however, now arisen. By the late acts of
the legislature' there were no longer any persons called negro
slaves in the Wed India colonies; slavery had ceased, and it
became not only necessary to have a new chattel, but also a
new scheme, because, although the old scheme included free
persons of colour, a doubt was entertained Nvhether the words'ot•
the scheme could be held to include the great mass of the negro
polio littion in their present condition. 'I he object of the present
application therefore was that the court would order a reference
generally to the master, unless their lordships were of opinion
that a partial reference might answer the purpose. .
,Their lordships were of opinion that there must be a general
reference to the master, which they directed accordingly.

CONSISTORY COURT, TURSDiY, APRIL 28.

THE OFFICE OF THE JUDGE PilunioTED BY CHICK, AGAINST
RAMSDALB AND CHICK, FALSELY CALLED BAMsDA.LE.
This was a case of incest, the female being the sister of the
man's former wife. The court considered the fact of incest
proved, but deferred its sentence when the case was heard last
term, in order to ascertain whether it was justified in cuMplyitlx
with the prayerto.annul the marriage, contained in the articles,
but which had not been set forth in the citation.

Dr. Lushington now said that the evidence.was so clear as to
the fact charged against the parties that it was dot requisite to
advert to the evidence. His only reason for deferring judgment
was a doubt in his own mind as to the correctness of the pro-
ceedings. He had, however, found two cases, one in 181 t., and
another in 1789, before the Court of:Arches, in which the cita-
tion had been the "same as in 'this,case, and vet the court bad
annulled the marriage. Unless he was satisfied that these two
precedents had occurred through accident, and without sufficient
care and caution, he apprehended it was his duty. to follow the
example of the superior curt, and, althougtahe might entertain
a doubt in his own mind whether he form of the decree was so
correct and full as it ought to have been, he felt bound by pre-
cedent, and should Sign the sentence as it stood.
The marriage annulled; the parties assigned to perform pe-
nanceziext Sondes week, and condemned in costs.

REPORT'.

MANSION HOUSE.—MosnAy.

A POOR ORPHAN.—Francis Tuthill, a translator of shoes,
from Ireland, and aged about sixty years, was brought before
the Lord Mayor under the following orcuinStances :
Thomas Fleming stated, that be came over from Ireland to
buy clothes in Cutler-street, and he brought a purse of money
with him, which he stitched up in a bag, and hid in a hole in his
bed. He mude some purchases amongst the Jews, and the pri-
soner and the prisoner's brother helped him home with them,
for which service he " tould em he'd wet their whistle," and he
accordingly ordered in about six or eight pots of beer. When
he took 'his share he felt rather heavy, and he lay down upon the
bed, and when he awoke his bag of sovereigns andevery body
else had vanished. The prisoner's brother, John Tuthill, was
particularly attentive and kind to him, and of course he thought
that John, who was nowhere, to be found, had robbed him; but
be also supposed that the prisoner could tell all abotit it.
The Lord Mayor.—What money
.Itml you about you?
Prosecutor.—Twenty-four sovereigns, and I stitched 'em up
for safety. When I went to pay for the beer I was obliged to
take a sovereign out of the bag, and when I looked for my
money afterwards the d—l a bit of it could I see, and I knew ft
couldn't walk off without hands.
The prisoner.—Please your lordship, I only went into his
room to say a word to my brother, and then I went away, but
I came out just as rich as I went in, ayd that was without -a
farthing in the world. I'm an honest poor fellow, and I have
translated shoes ever since I came over to this country. I wish
I was back again in Limerick, for this is, no place for a poor
innocent fellow. Up comes this gentleman (the officer) and he
tells me I'm a robber, and off he pikes me to gaol, and, God
help we ! I've got neither father nor mother. (Laughter.)
The Lord Mayon—Why, how old are you?
Prisoner.;---A matter of about fifty-eight or fifty-nine. •
The Lord Mayor.—Poor boy ! But as you are an orphan we
must endeavour to• protect you.
Prisoner.—Why, please your honour, I live next door to the.
public house the two years I'm in London and. nowhere else,
for I only came over last July twelvemonth. I don't know what
my brother might have done, but I know the d—l a groat of the
money I saw; and the minute I heard it was gone, I runs off to
look for him.

he Lord Mayor.—Oh ! you did? and where did you go to?
Prisoner.--NV by, to Kingston, to be sure.
'The Lord Mayor.—What reason had you to suppose that he
went to Kingston?
Prisoner.—What reason, your honour? Why, no reason in
particular; but I thought he might as well go there as any-
where else. (Laughter.)
Mrs.lPeggy Fitzgerald.—Please your worship, I was in the
public-house after the rumpus, and I heard people say that the
poor man at the bar had very little to do with it.
Prosecutor.—l said I would'nt care about spending £5 if
they'd give me back my property; but I might as well tell a.
bulldog to fast on a Good kriday.
The-Lord Mayor.—What Couid you expect after swilling such
a quantity of beer If you had been satisfied with half the
number of pots, youwould not have lost your money. W hat
can Ido for you in such a desperate case? This man has not
got your moneyy, and he who has is not to be found.
Several neighbouts.said that the prisoner's brother had never
made his appearance since the robbery was committed, and that
they really believed the prisoner had had no hand in it.
The prisoner.—Ths cheers know me well, your honour, and
I leave it to their breasts if ever they heard I done a dishonour-
able transaction. I'm supporting my two poor orphan children,
for their mother has been so bad these last three months she
arn't able to lend a baud,and so I'm obliged to, do it all myself;
but howsomever, God be praised, I am able to get a bit of bread
honestly, though both my father and mother are both dead and
gone.
'The Lord Mayor.—Suppose I discharge you, will you endea-
vour to find.out your brother ?
Prisouer.—That I will, your honour. Mind, I don't say he
took any of the Money. There was a Jew and a woman come
in while Tom Fleming was in the room, and he bought some
clothes of them, and why mightn't they have whipped it off as
well as he.?
The prosecutor said he had no recollection of the parties
..de-
scribed.
.

The Lord Mayor, —Well, I'll discharg'e the prisoner upon his
promise to assist the poor man who has been robbed.
Prisoner.—God bless your honour. I wish you would do me
another favour. Just send me and my family home to Limerick
again, and I'll promise your worship never to show my face in
England again. Here I've been locked up for three days, like
a thief, for doing nothing but hunt twelve miles after my bro-
ther, to see whether he could tell me who the thief was. Oh,
then, it's a rascally country to live in.

LONDON GAZETTE.-TUESDAT, APRIL 29.

WHITEHALL, AvitlL 23.

The King has been pleased to tiireei letters patent to he passed
under the Great Seal of the united kinp7lom, constituting and appoint-
ing the Right Hon. Sir John Cam Hohhouse, Bart. ; the Right Hon.
John Sullivan; and Sir Charles Cockerell, Bart., Ilia Majesty's Com-
missioners for the Affairs of India.

A Yit.ll. 25.
The King 'has been pleased to direct letters patent to be passed
under the Great Seal of the united inglom, appointing the flight
Hon. the Earl of Albemarle Master of the Horse to His Majesty.
The King has also been pleased to direct letters patent to he passed
under the Great Seal of the united kingdom, granting unto Lieut.-
Colonel the Hon. George Anson the office of Storekeeper of the
Ordnance of the said muted kingdom.
The Kim! has been pleased to direct letters patent to he passed
under the Great Seal, constituting and appointing Henry Labouehere.
Esq.. to he Master and Worker of His Majesty's Mint.
AnttL 7,

The King has been pleased to direct letters patent to be passed
under the Great Seal, constituting and appointing the Right Hon. Sir
Henry Parnell, Bath, to he Paymaster-General of His Majesty's
Fort es,

'The Kind
has also been pleased to direct letters patent to be passed
under the Great Seal, constituting and appointing the Right lion. Sir
Henry Parnell, Bart., to he Trearatrer of the Ordnance.
A NUL 28.

The King has been yleased to direct letters patent to be passed under
the Great Seal, appointing the Right lion. John William Baron Dun-
cannon, commonly called Viscount Dunminnon ; Major-General Sir
lienjantin Charles Stenhenson, Knight Grand Cross the Royal
Hanoverian Gueiphic Order; and Alexander Milne, ~eq., to he Coln-
mizsioners of His Majesty's Wools, Forests, Land Revenues, Works,
AL:Ct Public Buildings.

(We reinsert the following appointment. the ehristian names of the
noble krsl_having been transposed in the last Gazette.)
At the Cart at St. James's. the 2.447 of April. 10315 ; present, the

give; Excellent Majesty in Council. '
His Majesty in Council ul3 this day pleased to declare the Right
Hon. Constsritine Henry Earl of Mulgrave, Lieutenant-General and
General Goreivor of that part or the united kingdom called Ireland.
