The Churchman

London : Hayward and

Gideon Giles the Roper. Part 4
Moore, Paternoster-row
This is another odd number of a serial work. The appear-
ance on the title page of the name of Thomas Miller, author
of " Royston Gower," &c., is, however, a sufficient
guarantee for the intrinsic merits of the work. It appears

to be a tale of rustic life, the incidents of which, if we may
judge from an isolated number, are of a stirring character.
The illustrations are equal to any in the most popular of the
serial publications of the day.

ENGLISH SLAVERY,
(Front the Morning Herald.)

Lord Ashley moved, last night, that "an humble
address be presented to her Majesty, to direct an in-
quiry to be made into the employment of the children
of the poorer classes in the various branches of trade
and manufacture in which numbers of children work
together, not being included in the provisions of the
acts for regulating the employment of children and
young persons engaged in factories, and to collect in-
formation as to the ages at which they are employed,
the number of hours they are engaged in work, the
time allowed each day for meals, and as to the actual
state, condition, and treatment of such children, and
as to the effects of such employment, both with regard
to their morals and their bodily health."

,
The speech of Lord Ashley was admirable. It
abounded in statements of fact, of the highest impor-
tance ; and it was pervaded by a spirit of the most pro-
found wisdom.

The treatment to which the children employed in all
the great branches of our manufactures are subjected
is a national disgrace. Their ease, their health, their
comfort are utterly sacrificed; and all these fearful
evils are incurred, in order to carry on a system of
manufactures, which, the more it is extended, the
poorer does it render the country !

In the course of the discussimi Mr. Villiers and Mr.
Hume, while they admitted the evils alluded to by
Lord Ashley, took occasion to ascribe those evils to the
operation of the corn laws. It might puzzle those
gentlemen to account for the startling fact, that the
slavery of factory children, and of other children of
equally tender years, is far more severe in those coun-
tries where " bread is cheap" than even in England
with her much-abused corn-laws.
