CORRESPONDENCE.

THE REV. HUGH AI:NEILE AND HIS RADICAL
REVILERS,
THE EDITOR OP. THE .I,V.SRPOOL STANDARD.

•
civi9us to, observe the- jealous malignity with
which every public act of the: Rev. H. M•Neile a is viewed by a
certain political, party in this town. Whether eloquently support-
ing time-honoured laws and institutions against the inroads of
revolutionary violence,—whether from hiS pulpit, expounding
the everlasting word,—whether in the performance of a duty,
which it has ever been a delight to him to be engaged in which he
has ever been found replenishing by a powerful oratorical dis-
play,—the decaying funds of our public charities,—or, whether,
whilst thundering at t.he.gates of the senate, he boldly and un-
compromisingly demands the total abolition of slavery—on
all, or any of these occasions, are there to be found little men,
of little minds, anxious, not only to find fault, but also to pub-
lish their silly animadversions. Witness the effusions of a cor-
respondent in the Albion, of Monday last, who signs himself
J. P. In contradiction to the word of and, as quoted by Mr:
M'Neile, at the meeting on Friday last, this Jesuit undertakes
to state, that •` God does- not separate the sinner from his sin,
till the sinner forsakes sin." Of course this is a bit of logic
that Mr. WNeile will laugh at. At the same tithe the cloven
part of popery or sociniamsm, (twin feelings,-) is sti clumsily
conceaed, that the object of the writer is rendered clear and
intelligible. Slavery is incompatible with the doctrine of the
Holy Bible, therefore Mr M'Neile opposes it, and in that. op-.
positi,in he sometimes necessarily finds himself in strange
society. J P. is a member of that society; he is also either a
papist or a• socinian4 or '" something more," and as a conse-
quence, although an abolitionist to the very echo, he must de-
nounce, very sincerely denounce, the scriptural doctrinei of the
talented and respected minister in, question. I wonder these
curs do not find it inconvenient to be eternally annoying their
respectable neighbours. Of course some of them must have
read the anecdote iu Addison's Spectator,.of the noble mastiff
and the cur.—Verb. sap.—l am &c., your'S always,
K. W. H.

LORD MULGRAVE'S IRISH TRANQUILLITY.

LETTER 11.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STAND4RD.
Sta,—ln my previous letter, which you did ine the honour to
nsert, and which favour be assured I estimate as it deserves, I
endeavoured to impress upon that portion of the English public
which constitutes your readers, the broad down-right fact, that
all the statements and assertions of " Lord Mulgrave's Irish
tranquillity were nothing better than the frauds and knaveries
of certain political rogues and swindlers, who should have been
long since arraigned at the bar of their country for the felony of
" obtaining money under false pretences." And I went further.
I showed that beneath the temporary varnish which it was the
interest of the place-keepers to spread over the surface, the
grain and knots of Irish turbulence and sedition still existed in
all their native: perversity and stubborness, and that the very
polish they had so sedulously glossed upon it only tended to
preserve unimpaired that natural crookedness and resistance to
equality which have so long operated to.preveut her being doVe-
tailed,into.an integral portion of the British empire. I shall
now proceed to investigate the causes of the late tranquillity (?)
and cessation from crime, which have given rise to such confi-
dence and exultation among the supporters of the ministry, and
inflated with worse than bull-frog xanity every individual of the
Irish executive; from the noble author of "Matilda" himself, to
the printer's devil 'of The Evening Posi. •
There is nothing in modern Irish politics, strange as they are,
so inconsistent and contradictory as the conduct of the liberal
party and their journalists with respect to the actual state of the
country. Why; sir, until within a short time ago, they were all
as industrious to publish,. as they are now to conceal, the out-
rages of the people. The columns of their newspapers teemed
with the very narratives of murders, and turnings, copies of
ltockite menaces, and incendiary notices, and details of barba-
rous and wanton mutilations of dumb and helpless animals, for
the teal or imputed crimes of their Owners, which they now term
the fabrication of the tory prints. But then it is to be borne in
mind that this honesty of publication, and this marvellous pro-
pensity to tell the truth, only existed in the minds of the wor-
thies during the ascendancy, as they call it, of Orange domina-
tion. And for this good reason too, because they served the
two-fold purposes of casting the reproach, and the origin of the
blood, and the guilt, and the misery of the misguided people,
upon the conduct of the government, and of enforcing still
stronger the concession of certain measures, the legislative
refusal of which, coupled with 'the supremacy of a party, they
asserted to be the primary causes of Ireland's Want of prosperity
and quiet.
N), ell, sir, emancipation, one of the required sedatives, was at
length granted. Was Ireland more tranquil or composed ?
Not a whit. Reform too followed in the tracks of the relief
bill; hut this also failed to bring either security to life or pro-
tection to property, or to effect a shadow of change in the
disposition of the peasantry towards their rulers, their land-
lords, or even themselves. Far from it ; and I degress a little,
because the matter is worthy of attention—it was after the
passing of these very measures that outrages and resistance to
law in Ireland began to be systematised and reduced to certain
rules and regulations, and to exhibit in their perpetration all
the craft and artifice which the science of modern agitation
could suggest, To Mr. Shiel, the commissioner of Greenwich,
and the member for Tipperary, is due the credit of teaching his
countrymen the value of combination. To his celebrated plan
of "simultaneous meetings" is to be attributed that union,
fidelity of purpose, and secresy of action, which have so long
distinguished the proceedings of the insurgents, and which have
so frequently defeated the exertions of the magistracy and
police in the enforcement of any legal process or writ. In
truth, sir, it is since the questions of liberty and reform became
the law of the land that the outrage of the Irish people assumed
such a character, that in legislating for their suppression it was
necessary to divide them according to their nature and origin,
and hence, in the discussions on the infamous coercion bill, we
have their classified under the heads "agrarian" and "politi-
cal" outrages. So much for the gratitude and tranquillising .
effects of yielding to the people of Ireland the objects of their
desires and clamours

But to return. Emancipation and reform being granted,
While the agitation and excitement Of the peasantry were lO-
mented adencouraged, it was neither the business nor the
interest of the liberal (?) journalists to be commonly honest or
truth telling, It did not vow suit the designs of Mr. O'Connell,
or .'hiS Burgh-teray convention, to have accounts published
which daily gave the ready lie to their frothy declarations about
their country. Accordingly, the plan now adopted was to cup-
ceal the truth. To hush up and suppress every fact which at
all betrayed the unquiet and restless state of the population, and
to represent to the people of England that the •fermentatibti of
discontent which had been brewing and boiling for centuries,
was rapidly subsiding, and that when it had cooled down to, .a
proper national temperament it would be a very wholesome and
palatable beverage for home consumption.
But although this system of falsehood and misrepresentation
began to be thus immediately acted upon, stilt it was never
finally methodised, and broadly. and .shamelessly acted upon,
until the accession of Lord Mulgrave to peWer. Now sir, it
is too plain to be denied that the administration of this noble-
man is one of Mr. O'Connell's experiments." The Viceroy is
the veriest creature 011ie Demagogue of freland, and the mea-
sures of his government but the obedience to a policy which has
involved the character and fortunes of a country, for the vanity
of personal ambition and the gratification of individual agrau-
disement.

I thus particularize Lord Ifilulgrave as the creature, and his
government as the exp 'or Air. O'Connell, because, al-
though the whole whi' . I cabinet, taken as a body, is
s
nothing better than a pa se which he bestrides with a rod
and spur of iron; till as "Cis in Ireland, he is practically des-
potic, and from Ireland he draws the sustenance of his popu-
larity; it is there tile government must chiefly cringe and fawn
for his favour, and do the drudgery of an Irish Agitator in the
livery of a British monarch.
To secure then the official existence of this ereature,"artd to
promote the success of the experiment, has been the real pal-
pable cause why the provincial agents of Mr. O'Connell, the
priests and the village demagigues, have laboured to make the
country exhibit the bite delusive calm; and that his literary
hacks and supporters have been striving to force the intelli-
gence of the Irish wonder down, what they conceive to be, the
gullibility of the English public. And with good reason too.
Lord Mulgrave and Mr. O'Connell botn know well, that beyond
the imputed credit of tranqttillizing Ireland, there is not
another ground upon which the viceroyalty of the former is en-
titled to the confidence or approbation of the well-ordered, and
sober-thinking portion of the community. it is true that his
lordship has strong claims both upon the trust and applause of
the movement faction of.the land he governs. For if to super-
cede a protestant high sheriff, because he had the presumption
to appoint a substitute who was obnoxious to a discontented
mob, and to nominate the leading peison among them in his
stead.—lf to fill every place and situatiQu with men whose only
claim to their emoluments was their connection with previous
agitation, and their opposition to former governments.—lf to
throng •the police, the paid magistracies, the vacancies in the
courts and other official dignities, with the professors of a par- •
ticular, and even all anti-English creed.-11to govern a section
of a protestant empire upon, such principles, be enough to en-'
title the deputy of the crown to the gratitude and support of
those who were always disaffected and disinclined towards it;
unquestionably, theadministration of Lord Mulgrave should be
prized and' popular amongst the hitherto malcontents of Ireland.
But beyond this disgraceful pandering to the passions of a
rabble, and this subserviency to the command of their leader,

the Lord Lieutenant has nut another claim to the approbation
of his
to the lowest penny-a-liner, the
lan
d sovereign.l ence
it orhe
is,
that nation,
r,m a
s (msnev save
nd to
of
oth
et tranquillizing
of tig
thelre-
mi-
nistry—from Dan O'Connell
whole end and aim of their speeches and writings, is to estab-
lish, by every species of humbug and deceit, the fact, that
he, Lord Mulgrave, as the creature, nominee, deputy, under-
strapper or what you ill of the Irish demagogue; was enabled
to effect what no other governor could achieve since the sub-
jugation of the country,—viz—the reduction to peace and good
order of a naturally turbulent, and by
.habit, a discontented
and disaffected population. And all this sir, for the purpose of
-etilisting the
,sympathies, while it called forth a renewal of the
chuffdenee of the Eng,lish nation in behalf of their Irish breth-
ren.' and by identifying the official career of Lord Mulgrave
nd e
fid uet nhocef ey
the andsh o
luaaltsdec e
oe
si
at
andhis colleagues with the manifestations of both, give them in
the hearts and feelings Goo
pt
nihnoeironn, apeople,taurreet
intended
tne
causesni
scdeualinn,y7dr, Such sir, in y
and pretended tranquillity of Ireland. 1 ant confident
that any unprejudiced and dispassionate Englishman, who re-
flects upon the matter, will come to the same conclusion.
As "the machinery by which the late farce of the no capital
conviction was got up," is a subject of sufficient importance to
merit a separite notice, and as this letter has already ran to a
considerable length, I shall for 'the present conclude, with a re-
iteration of my thanks fur your kindness, and am sir, your
obedi6nt servant, A TIPPERARY MAN.
Liverpool, April 1811 t, 1838.

OPENING OF THE KING'S DUCK.—The King's Dock will,
we understand, be opened for the reception of shipping on the
first of May. The dock has been deepened, and several other
improvements made of practical utility. The shipping which
frequent the upper docks will experience the benefit of this ar-
rangement,

' SHIP LAUNCH.—On Wednes,lay morning last, a very splen-
did vessel, register 756 tons, was launched from the building-
yard of Messrs. W. and F. Porter, near the Queen's Dock.
'She was christened the Victoria. Her destination is not yet
fixed upon. She is of most beautiful model for sailing, and it
is anticipated will be the fastest ship out of Liverpool. .This
magnificent naval fabric was consigned, amidst the cheers of
thousands of spectators, to the bosom of the waters, without the
slightest accident. and was proudly floating up the Mersey,
the steamer which had towed her in, having just left her, when
the bark Bridgetown, which was in tow of a steamer, foolishly
crossed her course, and was, in consequence, struck right amid-
ships by the Victoria,. which still had considerable way on her.
The concussion was so great that the foretoptnast of the Bridge-
town snapped off like a carrot, and the topmast, along with the
topsail, which was set, and topsail yards, came down npon the
deck, anti upon the deck of the Victoria with a tremendous
crash, and it is a miracle, considering the crowded state of the
deck of the Victoria, that no person was killed. A failing splin-
ter broke the arm of a boy, which, we are happy to say, was
the only casualty occurring. We have since heard that one of
the sailors of the Bridgetown was seriously hurt; The Victoria
received no damage whatever:
