James Heyworth had to step forward toseeure apatient hearing
for Mr. Thornely, and as soon. as the noise diminished sufficient-
ly to lidos's, him to proceed, Mr. Thornely then went on, and
said) The:grounds on which he stood forward as a cantliciate
were sufficiently known to them; he stood-forward inconsequence
of a requisition more numerously signed than any requisition
ever got up in this town. lie was supported .by bankers, by
merchants; .and by an overwheiming majority of the tradesmen
in the town. He had iisued an address iu consequence of re-
ceiving this requisition, and in it did not state any thing for the
,purpose of pleasing the people of the town, but had given his
opionions openly and feariessiy, as he had been a reformer from
his youth upwards. This election was to declare the opiiiions of
this town to the country at large, and as he had before stated,
whether it would give its assistance to ministers or embarrass
them, by the men they would send pp. Although he paid
his election would decide the character of the town, he
agreed with-a previous speaker (Mr. Ewalt) that-grest intimi-
d—tion. had been used, and that it was only by vote by ballot,
that every individual could freely exercise lus franchise. When
he asserted in his address that he was against commercial mo-
uopolies, lie was not for doing away with them by a sudden
change. . The. East India Company should not be done away
with until the expiration of their charter. Sir Edward Coke
said truly that "freedom of trade was the life bf trade; and all
monopolies and restrictions of trade do overthrow trade." He
was au enemy to the corn monopolies as also to the china trade.
Sir H. Parnell has said that by these monopolies 17 millions
were yearly. taken from-the pockets of the people, and press on
the population of the country making the taxes appear more .
heavy than they really were, from which it must appear that one
of the most obvious ways to relieve ourselves from taxes, would
he to labour to relieve ourselves from monopoly, If the House
of Commons should be chosen by the householders of the coun-
try, it should ,be done at limited periods, and the corporation
fund should be applied to the service of the community. He
would now speak of negro slavery, he had seen negroes
mounted on a stage to be sold by auction, and a shocking sight
it was. (Cries of name—in America.) He had seen it in
Charleston. He would read -them a letter written twenty-five
vars ago. by one who had seen it in practice. He said a .man
of if he is accustomed to negro slavery, will deeply regret
the situation of the unfortunate Africans in the plantations. A
certain quantity of land, to be broken up by the hoe, is staked
out for each negro, and over every gang probably of ten or fif-
teen, is placed a
,negro-driver, -with a whip in hand, who sees
that the work is properly done and report to the overseers such
slaves as require correction. There was abroad in this country
a spirit against negro slavery, and, therefore, it behoves them
all to bring the matter to a close. In this period of excitement
I shall not say much more, except to call on the electors to dis-
Aarge their duty by returning two reformers .to parliament.
He had just received a letter from Wigan, which says that the
election was over there yesterday, and terminated in the return
of two reformers, Messrs. Thicknesse and Potter. He then so-
licited a patient hearing for Sir Howard Douglas, the next can-
didate who would address them, and retired from the platform
amid great cheering.

SIR HOWARD DOUGLAS then came forward amid the most enthusi-
astic calls, and on mounting the platform was hailed with the most
astounding cheers by his friends and party, which the opposite party
evidently wished to drown by loud groans and yells. The gallant
candidate finding himself thus placed, as it were, between two fires,
turned-round to the court and numerous assembly on the hustings,
and spoke as follows :

"It is I believe well known to you that I offer myself as a candidate
for your suffrages on this occasion, in consequence of a requisition
addressed to me by a numerous, and, (as I have found since I have
had the pleasure of becoming personally known to them) a most
respectable body of this community. That requisition, and the pow-
erful support which I have met with, proceed from gentlemen who
yield to none in desire of applying such sound and safe remedies as
the constitution may require from the inward wealth, and the an;;-
mented population of the country, but who, viewing with alarm the
dangers which menace our political institutions and our commercial
power, are desirous to uphold, through their representatives in par-
iament, thc.dignity of their. ancinnt monarchy and the religion of the
.established church,—to . protect the colonies—encourage manufac-
tures—foqer agricultural interests, and preserve inviolate the national
faith.

" Actuated by principles strictly according with these views,parti-
cipatiug with the framers, and supporters of ;the
_requisition in the ap-
prehensions they entertain, and feeling,. that .under such eircum-
sfaxicea I dare not.brave.the reproaches with which conscience would
assail me hereafter were I to resist such a call-from such a commu-
nity as this, I comply with the wishes which have been enressed,
not as the volunteer of a hopoless.enterprize,—(allyding to the obser-
intion in Captain Colquitt's speech,) not as the captain of a forlorn
hope, but as the chopen leader of a great and mighty people, Is-ho will
lead Me on to a'glorious and constitutional victory.

I have on several occasions by speech as well as in my
printed addresses to the worthy and independent Electors of
Liverpool, responded explicitly to all the.points stated in the
requisition ; and I have replied fully to other matters which
have been propounded to me, as questions in the course of the
very extensive, but still I regret to say imperfect canvass,
which the shortness of the time has enabled me .to make. But I
consider it due -to, myself and to my principles here briefly to
recapitulate .my sentiments, in the presence of that immense
body before whom I have the honor to stand, and in the hear-
ing of as many as my voice has force to:reach. The con-
stitution of .Great Britain and Ireland did, I freely -avow,
require remedies suited to the increase of wealth, intelli-
gence and population of the country in general, and to those
vicissitudes in particular, which iu the lapse of time, had
raised sorne.placeis toarealtb, consideration and impartance„whilst
others had fallen to decay. A. measure of:parliamentary reform,
which has.now become the law 9f the land, has been introduced
to effect these among other great objects whatever differences
of opinion may hay.e existed as to some of the principles: and de-
tails of that measure, _these uow-merge intothe .obligation we
are Winn:ler, .aullititithane the.dispositron. is sineereand devoted
to make the best of that uwasure for the benefit of.the common-
avea:th. -Proceeding tioxtto cotrimereial-afrairs,..l a,--sloady
friend to the shipping, commercial, paid eplenialinfiarests. I hope,
gentleinen,*l'da not take, koknpeMicial:aineir of the colonial sys-
tem of- Great lisitain, as to noninler .it..enly, with. :reference to.
one
.oI the-materials or fillifjecii Ofni:rade,WitfiWhich its dealings
are concerned," It is tine that I have ointhe.pa,r4Cularoccasion
to isliich allnsion has been made, viz., the timber ditties; shown
the injurious effects which that measure ,ivoiffd have li/educed,
ul;ou fire 4avigatiou, Cominerce and manufacttirca of this
eeuntr) ; but I old not thee,ll4;lla:l I now cianfine uiy oliser-
v:.rion6 t. tics cit:anti.° part *of the transaction. I contend
that I.;wat,ii..ai :li s
S.. the peat,* inagriitride, would ensue from,
such ,L measture iti p;ink.ipLe, us that attempted.. with respect to
that ;1 ; e:' colonial predUction,and I;shall there-
-1-1:;.. ;„ :,; ans 9dt-he:general principles and recip-
pi .to shuw .that our cello-
ii co.l,l;Ci:.l...4_Lo.Lc.PiNierly,oclhete4..t9,is_hcjieficial
iii. a xi:, sense,. as welt to the i‘tother -country as to her
co 'atics, and that the,dangerof deviating from those principles is
of no tees a. degree; than tllat of hazarding the,disiolution of the co-
lonial empire. 'i he
neo lonia I tnitte may safely be reckoned at least
one thirdthe actual trade of the country. Where principles
.are open 4 avowed-by certaimdectrinarians that colonies are of
no use : that we ought and shotild now get rid of them : tint we
should benefit more in colarocreialintereonrse with those posses;
sons it tic y were independantof us,thin we do in their coionial
connexion with thiS country. 'When men jump from the coun-
ter to the trained with notionS such as these, there is, in truth,
abundant reason for time apprehension you entertain, that the
commercial power ofthis last Empire may be overthrown. The
colonial trade is secured to us, by the. enactments of-the British
Parliame.nt which:protect the productiens of British industry in
the colonial markets, by ditties ou tho importation of foreign
goods sufficient to effect, this, and by
.giving to the colcnial
proanctions in return light protection-in the markets of the
united Kingdom. But our economists, as in the' case of the
timber duties, weal(' have perpetrated a manifest act of in-
justice.by-teducing the protecting-duties on this.principalartic:e
of colonial expoit, to loWer the .price to the parent country;
but leaving the import of British nianufacturect goods into the
colonies, .81111 protected bythe imposition. of excessive duties. well
enhanced in price. Gentlemen,. .such views as these can-
not tail to excite discontent in the colonies, and to occasion
alarm lucre.- Political evils of the greatest -magnitude to the
interests of Great Britain, the ;dissolution of the colonial
crupire itself is at.hazard, if measures such as these.be carried.
I dui well informed and well advised of the manner in which
the colonies view this question, iII piinciple,* in all the posses-
sions of Great Britain; and it is not without.apprehension that
Lcontemplaie serious questions that may be opened, if srich
unjust principles its the preceding ueelared in measures
which itely hereafter be adopted with respect .to.;the colonial
ate. Tire colonists do not dispute the right of the Parliament
of Great Britain to repeal or modi), its enactments, in such
manner as to permit the people •of Great Britain to purchase
timber, or. any other article of eoloniai. prof.lnction, -wherever
they may be tithe to get it cheapest: but they contend that this
is only one
.pait of the transaction. They have said, and they
will re-asset t, it, that the Parliamentary ditties which protect
the. colonial 31 ticies. in the, hoine,inarke t, ;having been repealed
to their exclusion in -favour of foreigners, the Parliamentary
