TUESDAY MORNING, AUGUST 28, 1838.

Qr 7. The Publication of the STAND&RD commenced this
morning at 5 o'clock.

Bt• the Wilton Wood, arrived from Monte Video
yesterday, (sailed 24th June,) we learn that the block-
ade was not raised at the time she left, but that it was
likely the Buenos Ayreans would declare war against
the French. Admiral Brown had been called:again
into service, and a squadron was fitting out.,•-r7Vreights
for England were—Salt hides 50s. per ton ;,,Tallow,
705.; Bales 40s. ; Bones 40s. Exchange.at 44.

NATIONAL EDUCATION.—The combination of schem-
ing political Dissenters, rapists, and alloWedinfidels,
who have already been at such pains in agitating the
co,,,,try on the subject of national education,nnd who
have succeeded in persuading some of the cabinet mi-
nisters to join in advocating their absurd nostrum, seem
determined to spare no exertion in order to carry their
destructive plans into execution. The. object of these
parties, however it may be disguised under specious
pretensions, is to unchristianise the land—to establish
a system of education which instils no'reverence for
religion, and which is based upon a spirit of sceptical
indifference. The fruit of such a system, they well
know from experience, would be a general disregard
of the value and utility of those institutions in church
and state which at present owe theii support to the at-
tachment which is so generally felt for the-EStablished
Church of Eng.:and. The cunning unbelievers, who
are most active in promoting the modern scheme for
establishing a system of national instruction which
shall pay no more deference to Christianity than to
Heathenism or Mahommedanism, are fully aware that,
if they can only succeed in banishing the Bible from
our national schools, there will be little difficulty here-
after in inducing the people
.of these realms'to forget
those precepts of the Bible which inculcate habits of
order and subordination—which uphold the authority
of the civil law, and render loyalty a religious duty.
We do not hesitate to denounce the scheme as one es-
sentially infidel in its tendency and republican in its
objects. We are the more convinced of this, seeing
that the most active partisans of the system are men
who make .a mockery of religion,,and who are-loud in
their praises of a democratical form' of government•
The object of these men is essentially different from
that of the Papists, who are, nevertheless, found co-
operating with then). The Popish priests avail them-
selves of the scheme fo-r the sake of quenching the
light of scriptural knowledge, 'n hichis now so widelY
spread throughout the land, and arils preparing the
way for the imposition of the badge of spiritual slavery
upon the people of England. Superstition and igno-
rance are twin sisters; and it is, and always has bee",
the policy of the Church of Rome to seek to degrade
the intellect as a preparatory step to the exercise of its
spiritual tyranny. The state' of Spain and Pertugal,
and of other continental nations, ShoWS but too plainlY
the condition to which Romanist') would reduce, the
population of this kingdom ; and a knowledge of the
misery which pervades those countries should urge "9
to offer the most uncompromising resistance to the
schemes of the national educatiOn-mongers—seeing
that those schemes have received the. approbation of
the Popish priests.
We heartily rejoice to find that the friends of the
Established Church have been, at length, convinced 01
the necessity of more combined efforts in resisting the
plans of the factious clamourers fOr national edUcation
on anti-scriptural principles. A society has been re-
cently formed, under the title of the " Lay Union f(-4
the defence of the. Established Church, on the subject
of the education of the poor." Such a society is "1
culated to be of immense benefit. It will stren
the hands of the clergy in their struggle against their
infidel and Popish antagonists, and afford a rallYieg
point for the friends of scriptural educatiOn. ifj,
principal objects contemplated by this society 'are, the
perpetuity of a system of instruction which aims ratheir,
at the formation of the moral character of the Pe°P
than at the development of the intellectual power:i:
and the inculcation of that knowledge which •• 11ikie
wise to salvation" as the baSis of every. sPee!e9 0f :II
man study. In prosecuting their Labours they
gt hen
necessarily have to encounter mulch oppositiotb esPed.
cially from the gentlemen of the " Central Societ);c.
Education," who have been indefatigable in harr
guing the public on the supposed benefits of theirids
"no-bible" system of tuition. With respect to flits
society, which is composed of a mongrel
union of
" men of all denominations," and which has been t_.en
dered chiefly remarkable by the violent politics (.)11.0,1%1.:
leading members, the " Lay Union" have the f„l„,ive
ing remarks in their recently printed address: ,
_iv
years have elapsed since the self•styled
commenced their exertions for the introduction den.;
their system of education. It is impossible t
o that during that time, owing to the inertness of C,l
tians in general, they have made considerableadvain
three
towards their end. They have succeeded, during t tr
sessions, in prevailing on the House of Commons to
grant them committees, before which witnesses we
re
