HOUSE OF COMMONS.-THURSDAY

Mr. Fox M UJLI proposed the postponement of the third
reading of the " Notting Hill Footway" ( Hippodrome) Bill till
Monday, as he shoald propose clauses regarding the introduc-
tion of the police, and the prohibition of the sale of spirituous
liquors, that would obviate much of Inc objection to the bill.
After some discussio❑ the postponement was carried by 226 to
83—majority for the postponement 113.
Many petitions were presented for the abolition of the negro
apprenticeship system, and Lord Stanley presented one from
persons interested in West India property, against such aboli-
tion.

Mr. GILL3N obtained leave to bring in a bill to alter and
amend the laws for granting licences for toe sale of exciseable
liquors in Scotland, Sze.
Sir G. Sratcxt.AND then moved a resolution declaratory of
the expediency of making pro Vision to exterminate the negro
apprenticeship system on the tit 'August next, contendiog that
the treatment of the negroes and the infraction of all protective
regulations showed that a transitory state between freedom and
slavery was impracticable.
Mr. PEaIR. seconded the motion, observing that, though he
had heretofore told his constituents he had doubts how far he
could support any demand for morlifications of.the compensa-
tion, he now considered it to he his duty, after the treatment
the negroes had received, to support the abolition of the appren-
ticeship system. The hon. member was peculiarly affected at
the conclusion of a Tong and impressive address.
Sir G. GRRY ►roved, as an amendment, that the slavery atm.
lition act bill be read the second time, maintaining that the
motion would violate the contract, but rejoicing that the diScus-
sion of the question was now brought fully and distinctly before
the house.

Mr. JA NIES moved that the debate he adilurned, and it was
all 'wired accordingly.
The orders of the -day were disposed or, and the house ad-
j ,urn.?.d.

HOUSE OF LOUDS.-FRIDAY

The royal ascent was given by commission to several public
and private bilis.

Again, many petitions were presented by different noble lords,
the Bishop of London, &r.
The Marquis of SLIGO, in presenting some, stated that he
had received a letter from a firm owning extensive estates in
the West Indies, declaring it to'be their intention to put an end
to the apprenticeship system on their estates in August next.
His lordship added, in some reply to some insinuation that he
had been in a hurry to decide on terminating the apprenticeships
on his estates, the• contrary was the fact. Ile had long and very
anxiously reflected on the subject, previously to coining to a
decision.

The Earl of ABERDRENT moved for various returns regarding
the church of Scotland, the expenses of the commission of in-
quiry, &c.; and this motion was made the occasion of again
urging on the government the necessity of making some public
grantsforthe extension of church accommodation in Scotland.

Lord MELBOURNE again said that he. could be no party to
providing mean Y out of the public purse for the extension of such
accommodation, especially so lou!: as the church of%cotland
hid property of its own wherewith to supply such melts, were
they required.
Lord WA DDINGTON also urged the necessity that existed for
increased church accommodation in Scotland, and the impos-
sibility of effecting it without public aid.
Lord MiNTo denied. that there was such want of accommo-
dations as had teen alleged, maintaining that evidence proved
one-third and upwards of the room in the churches in many
cities and large places was now unused.
Other noble lords took part in the discussion, which occupied
till a late hour; but there Was au opposition regarding the pa-
yers.—Adjourned

HOUSE OF COMMONS.—FrunAy.

In the Commons a new writ was ordered for Fladdington-
shire, in the room of Lord Ramsay, now Earl of Dalhousie, in
, consequence of the death of his father.
Many petitions were presented for the abolition of the negro
appreticeship system.
Mr. ORMSBY GORE gave notice that after the recess he would
move for an account of the expenses by bills for renewing,
altering, extending, &c., turnpike acts since 1820.
Mr. SANDFORD presented a report from the committee on
pensions.
Sir G. GREY intimated, in answer to inquiry froin Mr.
Chalmers, that be had no objections to produce accounts of the
*hole expenses of Lord Gosford's mission, &e.
The adjourned debate on Sir G. Strickland's resolution for
abolition of the negro-apprenticeship system was then resumed
by Mr. JAMES.
The debate occupied the remainder of the sitting, Sir E.
SUGDEN, Mr. O'CONNELL, Mr. PLUMt'TRE, Dr.LUSHINGTON,
Mr. GLADSTONE, &c., took part in it.
On the division the numbers were—
For the original motion 203
For the amendment..... 24
Majority for the amendment ..... --4;I
The house then adjourned.

THE POST OFFICE

(For the Liverpool Standard.)

Heaven first taught letters for some wretch's aid.—Purr.

As the subject of the Postoffice is now engaging the atten-
tion of almost all classes of the community, perhaps a slit,,,ht
notice of its origin will prove acceptable The original estab-
lishment of the Postoffice is buried in obscurity. During the
early part of the reign of Edward 1. there is no doubt that
there was a species of post, hut of what nature, it is now impos-
sible to ascertain. In Camden's Annals, under the date of 1581,
we find theearlieat mention or chiefpostmaster ; but it does not
appear clearly what his office was, or how it was conducted.
From the limited correspondence that then took place it was
doubtless of little consequence. The first Postoffice for the
conveyance of letters to and from foreign parts, was erected by
James 1., and was+ placed under the control of Matthew de
Quester or De l'Equester. Lord Stanhope claimed this office,
but in 1632 it was confirmed and continued to Wm. Prizel and
Thom-ris Witherings, by-Charles bt:-- Previous to-this titan it
seems private persons were accustomed to convey letters abroad,
although such- interference with the Postmaster's Mae was
strictly forbidden. In 1635 all private inland posts were prohi-
bited under the usurpation; there seems to have been but little
• real attention paid to this branch of the government, the posts
until that period being confined to a few of the principal roads.
The more regular and extended plan was conceived and
adopted by Mr. Edmund Prideaux, the Attorney-General to the
commonwealth, who was appointed Postmaster-General by an
ordinance of both houses of parliament. He first established a
regular weekly conveyance of letters to all parts of the nation.
In 1651 this revenue was farmed for £lO,OOO. which produced
a profit of seven thousand pounds to the public annually. At
this time the Common Council of London attempted to set up a
Postoffice in opposition to Prideaux; but a stop was put to their
proceedings by aresolution of the House of Commons, declaring
the office of Postmaster to be in the sole power and disposal of
parliament.
In 1656 a new and regular postoffice was erected by the autho-
rity of the Protector and his parliament; the plan is almost
similar to that pursued at present. By an art of parliament,
passed soon after the restoration in 1660, the regulations of
1656 were re-established, with some improvements, and so con-
tinued, with but little change, until 1784, when a mode of con-
y•iing the mails was carried into execution, originally suggested
l‘ y Mr. John Palmer of Bath, in 178'2. Before this plan was
adopted letters were carried in carts, or by boys on horseback,
without protection from robbers, and, liable to delays. Mr.
l'almer's proposal was to contract with the owners of diligences
and stage coaches, which were then established in every town
of note in the kingdom, to carry the mail, with guards for their
protection. A very strong opposition was manifested to this
measure, but experience has shown that this combination of
interests has been beneficial alike to the correspondent, pas-
senger, and coachmaster.

The twopenny post was projected by Mr. David Murray, an
upholder, in. Paternoster-row, in the year 1683 He cionmuni-
cated his scheme to a Mr. Dockwra, who carried it on with
great success for some time, until government laid claim to it
as connected and interfering with the General Postoffice, and
Dockwra • received a pension of two hundred pounds a year for
life as compensation.

LAUGHABLE ANECI%UTF..—At a meeting in bankruptcy,
held the other day, the Commissirner. 4l,!ressing• the bank-
rupt, stated, that the proceedinzs must be adjourned sine die,
"Sine die," said s erPclitor present to Mr. Carr: "what can
the 'eolili*eioner mean? Of the bankrupt's dying I see no
• • •
•

LIVERPOOL SPRING ASSIZES

CROWN COURT-FRIpAr.
MURDER.

Joseph Dnnerley, 27, was placed at. the bar, under an indict-
ment ►n which he stood charged with the wilful murder of Jo-
nathan Fielding, governor of the workhouse at Prestwich.
The prisoner seemed perfectly cool and collected when he
entered the dock. He is an exceedingly thin and cadaverous-
looking individual, with long lanky hair.—Mr. Dodd, solicitor,
of this town, gratuitously undertook to do what was in his power
for the defence of the prisoner, and Mr. Boileau was assigned to
him as counsel.

Mr. BRANDT conducted the prosecution. The learned counsel
briefly opened the case. This, he said, was a serious case, in
which there was very little room fur doubt, the prisoner having
taken up a drying-iron and 'struck the deceased on the head
therewith. It appeared that he was an individual of violent
passions, and that several times he had been confined in the
New Bailey prison at the instance of the governor of the Prest-
wich workhouse, of which he was an inmate. He appeared to
have chetished some antipathy against the governor for this,
and had taken away his life. The defence would be, that the
prisoner Was of unsound mind. It would be for the jury to
judge of that frog the evidence.
Elizabeth Taylor sworn.—Witness stated that she was 72
years of age. She lived in the workhouse at Prestwich.
Jonathan Fielding was the governor thereof, and the prisoner
was an inmate. He (the prisoner) had a wife and three children.
Remembered the day when this happened. It was about two
o'clock. The governor was sitting near her. The prisoner
Caine in and put an iron into the fire. It was an iron which they
dry their weaving work with. It remained in the fire five or
six minutes. (The instrument was here produced.) After it
had remained in the fire five or six minutes, the prisoner, who
had been out, returned, went straight to the fire, and pulled it
out. He raised it, and struck the governor on re left side of
the head, near the ear. He repeated the blow, and the governor
fell to the ground. The governor was sitting with his head
leaning towards the fire, making a little paste. The prisoner
exclaimed, "I have killed him." He then went away into the
workshop, where he was seized. Had nut heard any quarrel
between the governor and the prisoner. Had only been about
a quarter of an hour iti the dry-room. The prisoner had been
sent to the New Bailey shortly before this, and had returned
about four days. He was confined about three weeks. Witness
did not hear the prisoner say any thing when be was taken away
to the New Bailey. Two surgeons were sent for, and the go-
vernor
died.

Cross-examined by Mr. BOILRA u.—Was in the room all the
time, and saw him take the iron out of the fire. The iron was
hot at the time, and the governor was sitting with his head very
low. The prisoner stood and looked at him for a moment, and
then exclaimed, " I have killed him." Ile (the prisoner) had
been working in the recovery cellar before it happened. The
prisoner frequently complained of being very ill. Never saw
him in a fit. There was no one present. but Alice Schofield and
witness.

Re-examined by Mr. BRANDT.— He (the prisoner) was
taking the iron away with him, but a man met him and took it
from-him.

Alice Schofield, a very old woman, sworn.—Witness could
not tell how old she was. Witness was in the dry room when
the prisonbr came in. The governor was there. She saw the
prisoner come in and put the iron into the lire. He• went out.
When he came up stairs he stood a considerable time, then he
ran down to dry his work. He came up again and stood a bit,
when he held up his hands and said, I've killed him." [lt
was evident that from extreme old age the ideas of 'the witness
wandered. Her evidence was at first given very incoherently.l
She, however, yeturned to the subject again, and salt' the pri-
soner took the iron out of the fire and struck thedeceased on the
head with it, upon which he fell to the i•round, and the prisoner
exclaimed, " I've killed him." Subsequently she again wan-
dered from the subject, and said she had not seen the prisoner
strike the governor.

Samuel Blakely sworn.—Lives within about a hundred I ards
of the workhouse at Prestwich. On Monday, the 4th Septem-
ber, heard an alarm of the governor being killed. Went out
and saw the prisoner waking his escape towards his house. An
,darnt was given that he (witness) should stop him. Witness.
did so. He stopped him, and said to him, "if you have killed
the governor you must go back." He replied, "you may do
what you please with me, for I have done what wanted."
Took him to the workhouse, awl while he (witness) was speak-
ing to the governess he seized a knife and attempts d to-cut his
throat. He drew blood from his throat a little. He was secured
and put into the dungeon till the arrival of the constable.
Cross-examined by Mr. BoILEAI7—Am a cordwainer. Had
known the prisoner about the patish, and had seen him, fre-
quently for several years. Had never seen him going through
the lanes with children toilniiing him. Knew not that he had
any nickname.. Never heard him called anything but Den.
nerly.
Samuel Hope. assistant overseer of Prestwich, heard of this
matter and went down immediately to see the governer, He
appeared to be in a dying state. The, ,surgeons were,sent for,
Heard of the attempt which the prisoner had [wide upon
self. Had the' prisoner brought: toi Irina: Said to inin "the
governor's dying,--tbou's killed lion." He 'replied " I have
faced him in this world before the magistrates, and am ready.
to face him in the next wOrld;" The prisoner had been confined
several times in the New Bailey, and'the governor always ap-
peared against him. It was for .misconduct in the workhouse.
Cross-examined by Mr.. Boi LEA C—The prisoner seemed ex-
asperated after he had been before the magistrates. Never saw
boys billowing him in the' streets.

14y Mr. BRANDT—Never had reason to doubt the state of mind
of the prisoner.
By M r. BOILEAU—Never examined him as to his state ofmiud,
but he always received direct answers to his questions.
George Du nkerley sworn.—The Witness hada mark of a severe
injury on the right side of his bead.
Mr. BOILEA u objected to the competency of this witness, as
he had been confined in another place beside the workhouse,
and was then totally devoid of reason. He therefore objected
to his evidence being taken.
His Loltosttle said an insane person would be good evidence
in a lucid interval, if he had been in a state of reason when the
circumstance required to be detailed had happened.
Mr. Hope was examined as to the state of the witness' mind,
and it was ultimately decided not to examine him.
John Parson Holland sworn.—Witness said he was surgeon.
to the Prestwich workhouse. He was called in to see the
governor after he was struck: He died from injuries on the
head. Had no hesitation in saying that the blows which the
governor had received on the head were the cause of death.
Had attended the prisoner several times as a patient. Never
considered him any thing but of perfectly sound mind. Had
attended the workhouse twenty years.
Cross-examined by Mr. 13611. RA u.—clad attended the prisoner
within the last three or four months. He had a disorder of the
stomach. Disorders of the stomach frequently affected the head
Formed his opinion from seeing him generally. It frequently
happened that persons of unsound mina exhibited it more at one
time than another. llad seen the implement with which the
blow was given. The head was bruised very much both on the
r4.7it and left, and the ear was much torn—nearly severed from
the head. Did not conceive that the heat of the iron could hare
been much. as there were no marks of burning on the skin,
By Mr. BitANDT.—His attention was never called to the
prisoner with a view of ascertaining the actual state of his mind.
Simeon Whitehead, constable of Prestwich, produced the
in stiument with which the blow was inflicted.
Prisoner: That's-the iron as I used.

Mr. Oilier, surgeon, stated that he examined the deceased by
order of the coroner, lie attributed he death of the deceased
decidedly to exte►nAl violence. Is surgeon also to the New
Bailey prison at Manchester. Is aware of the prisoner having
been confined nine tines in the New Bailey for misdemeanou►s
in the workhouse. His attention was never called to himsat
those tunes by the authorities of the prison. Never examined
him with a view of ascertaining the state of his mind.
On his cross-exa►nination by Mr. 13orLssii, Mr. Oilier read
over a paper containing the notes which had been taken at the
time. The injuries must have been caused either by a blow or
a fall. The skull was not fractured. The injury was in such a
position in the top of the head, that it could scarcely have been
caused by the fall. There was extravasaion besides injectPon
throughout the brain. The deceased ha had two black eyes,
which must have been given by a blow or a fall. Has lectured
on the subject of insanity. It is a symptom of that disorder that
a person is restless and cannot brook confinement. It is an
evidence of the 'disorder to have great antipathies to persons,
and to imagine enemies. The latter is one of the existing causes.
A person in such a state of mind will wake in a hurried manner,
and such persons are frequently led to gratify revengeful pas-
sions, unfortunately.
By Mr. BRAND-F.—Tile stronger symptoms of insanity are
those which arise without any assignable cause, rather than
!hose which arise from revengeful feelings, with cause.
This closed the case for the prosecution.
. Mr. Boit,sau addressed the jury on behalf of the prisoner.
If the prisoner were in a sound state of mind at the time when
he committed this at. t, then neither humanity nor the laws of
this country would permit him to escape. The learned gentle-
man went 'n to comment minutely on the evidence, contend-
ing that the actions of the prisoner throughout this transaction
evinced unsoundness of mind, and an absence of malice. The
learned council called several .witnesses.

John Deanerly, father of the prisoner, stated that when the
prisoner was voung, he had a very bad fever. It was -called a
fever on the brain. It was when he was eight or nine years old,
and they never thought that he would live. • The fever left hint
quite childless. He resided with them (his parents) till be was
married. During the time he lived with him (witness) he was
quite childish and pet fectly harmless, except when the work-
men exasperated him. The people used to call hint " My
lord's fool," and the " parson's fool." They used to follow him
home, booting at him, and he (the father)threatened frequently
to bring them before the magistrates. The prisoner would be
30 next May. He hart heen married nine years.
By Mr. BRANDT.—He (the prisoner) was brought up to
bledthiffir„ bur bc• was soft (sitty)-nnti he ennui nr+l, ataxia it. an
they sent hint to weaving. Knew the pauper Dunkerley, but
did not see him or speak to him on Tuesday last. Had tr.tt seen
him for many years.
The prisoner shed tears during the examination of his father.
Henry St.hoies stated that he was a weaver in Harpurhey.
Had known the prisoner 29 years. He considered that he was
soft. Had seen the women and children following him and
calling him nick-names, such as " My lord's fool," " the par-1
son's fool," &c.

The Rev. William Horner was chaplain to the gaol at Kirk-
dale. The prisoner was confined there. Had frequent corn-
' munications with him. Considers that his reason is very im-
perfect, and his mind very confused. Had tested him in seve-
ral ways. On the subject of the principles of Christianity, he
asked him respecting them. . t-le asked him what he thought of
the office and mission of our Saviour. He replied that "Joseph
was jealous of his wife." Whenever he spoke to him on re-
ligious subjects he always diverged from the subject, and re-
curred to that of the governor of the workhouse. He always
justified the act he had committed. He said he was sorry, but
he had done the deed because of a long series of persecutions.
Mr. Thomas Chalmers, surgeon to the gaol of Kirkdale, said
his attention was directed to the prisoner by Mr. Thorneley,
one of the visiting magistrates. He trusted more to examina-
tions made when the prisoner was not aware that he was ex-
amining him, than to any particular conversation with him. He
considered him in intellect very little raised above the brute
creation. He thought he.was a man who, if he were stimulated
to any revengeful act, would not be deterred by any consider-
ation, from gratifying it.
Mr. BRANDT briefly replied.
His LORDSHIP, in charging the jury, said there did not seem
to be any doubt as to the fact of the prisoner having struck the
governor a hi/4 with the iron that had teen produced. There
was nothing in this case which could at all. supposing him to be
responsible fur his acts, reduce this offence from murder to
manslaughter. 'flue learned Judge said it was an entire ques-
tion of inquiry into the state of the prisoner's mind. The
jury were aware tho if th,,y pronounced him insane he would
be imprisoned for life, to keep him from doing any injury.

The jury, after consulting, together for a short time in the
box, returued a verdict of Not Guilty, on the ground of in-
sanity.

The JUDGB sail he must be confided in the gaol till her Ma-
jesty's pleasure was known.

MURDER

James Sherrinaton, aged "22, was placed at the bar, charged
with the wilful murder of John Finney, at Bolton, on the 31st
January last. The prisoner Pleaded not guilty. He said his
