.4.41
C % t
.444,
4141 w '44 af" •
fv•t, (47:r.-i-- 'l4
.
Since the termination of the last season, tlaz r
part of the house has been retouched, new lights
added, and arrangements made for the greater coin t;;-•• /
the visitors. To make the house complete, nothings'`
to us to be wanting but backs to the seats in the pit.
The opening night of the season, which was last evening,
displayed a most brilliant and crowded auditory. The play
was Sheridan Knowles's new production " Love," which our
literary and theatrical readers will recollect was reeently
produced at Covent Garden Theatre. Miss Ellen Tree per-
formed the Countess, and Mr. Stuart Huon, Mr. Gray the
Duke of Calinthia, Miss Cleave the Empress, and Mrs.Tellet
Catherine. In the performance of Miss Tree we found
it impossible to mark a defect, and the auditory evi-
dently had a similar impression. Mr. Stuart elicited
considerable. applause, but occasionally there was an in-
distinctness in his articulation, which prevented the lan-
guage of the author producing its proper effect. Mr.
Gray did not make the Duke exhibit that want of
physical power of which he repeatedly complains, and in his
exit there was little or no appearance of the decreasing
strength which he described as the harbinger of his dissolu-
tion. Yet, on the whole, the proud, ambitious spirit of the
Duke was ably pourtrayed. We may pass over the remain-
ing characters by stating, that they could not have been
confided'to better hands ' • but the acting of Mrs, Tellet de-
serves especial notice. Nothing could he richer than the
challenge to Sir Rupert, except perhaps the address with
which the denouement was sustained. Taken altogether, the
play was highly successful, and at the fall of the curtain it
was loudly cheered. The custom, absurd though it is, of
calling for the " star" of the evening was revived, and ac-
cordingly Miss Tree was led before the curtain by Mr.
Stuart' and having gracefully acknowledged the call, she
retired.
It was our intention to have reviewed, or rather to have
detailed, the merits of the play, as a dramatic production, in
this day's STANDARD, but we have been unable to do so. It
shall appear on Friday. •
The performances closed with a farce called " Second
Thoughts," in which the admirable acting of Mrs. Clarke,
Mrs. Tellet, Mr. Baker, and indeed of all the characters,
called forth shouts of laughter.
We perceive that " Love" is to be repeated every evening
this week. We would recommend our friends not to fail
seeing it. It is a beautiful production, and the style in which
it is " got up" at the Theatre Royal, is not only worthy of it,
but is highly creditable to the taste and enterprise of the
management.

THEATRE4ROYAL.

DANIEL O'CONNELL,_ M.P.,
__AND THE- REV.

J. R

M`GHEE

At a recent meeting in Ireland, resolutions condemnatory
of the proceedings of the great agitator were unanimously
passed, and a copy sent to Mr. O'Connell, with a request
that he would contradict any part of them ,that might be
erroneous. The reply was, that Mr. O'Connell " could not
meet them, either before the constituency of the university
or the Irish bar." On the receipt of this reply, it was re-
solved that the resolutions should be submitted to the House
of Commons in any manner that honourable house might be
pleased to direct. On this subject a letter was written to
11Ir. O'Connell by the Rev. J. it. M"Thee, bidding him, in
the name of the Protestants and Roman Catholics of Ireland,
to call him (Mr. M`Ghee) to the bar of the House of Com-
mons, and move that he be granted full liberty to prove the
facts specified. And then the reverend gentleman proceeds
to say that he dares not do it; that he knows the villainy of
the popish hierarchy too well; that he knows too well the
system of criminal temporal tyranny and sedition, that they
practise over the poor Roman Catholics of Ireland under the
mask of religion—and that he knows too well his own profit,
as their tool and agent—as the automaton of their will—the
puppet of their power, to dare to let the mystery of their
iniquity and his own, be openly and boldly developed in such
an authoritative form as it must be by an honest witness for
truth at the bar of the House of Commons. The reverend
gentleman then remarks on the dependence of her Majesty's
Government on the O'Connell faction, and declares that it is
the duty of every sincere Protestant to show the people of
Ireland, that when their representatives are compromising
and parleying with O'Connell, and making concessions of
political power to the papacy, instead of bringing him and
that system of perjury, cruelty, sedition, and slavery, to the
bar of public justice ; they are compromising the blessings of
the British constitution, the honour of their sovereign, the
safety of the Protestants, the freedom of the Roman Catholics
of Ireland—the liberties, the laws, and the religion of their
country. Mr. M`Ghee then cautions O'Connell in the fol-
lowing manner :—" Don't pretend that you would be very
happy/if I were brought to the bar, but take sweet counsel
with Lord John Russell privately, that he should come for-
ward to prevent it. Don't use any Jesuitical tricks to evade
the exposure of the villainy of your hierarchy, but stand
honestly forward and confess you are afraid to meet the case.
The honourable member for Sheffield will cover your retreat
with an apology for falsehood, and a panegyric upon charity;
' and Lord Morpeth will deliver a lugubrious homily on the
morality of Father Mathew, the piety of your priests, and
the evangelical grace of Dr. Murray." The letter of Mr.
M•Ghee has created a great sensation amongst the Roman
Catholic clergy of Ireland, and perhaps it may have some
effect in arousing Protestants from the apathy in which they
have so long indulged.

Mr. Illidge has just finished a grand full length portrait of
Joshua Walmsley, Esq., Mayor of Liverpool. It is an ad-
mirable likeness, and does creditto Mr. Illidge's well-known
talents.

Lord and Lady Francis Egerton, with their family and
Lady Charlotte Greville, are still at Rome, and, from the
last letters received from Italy, did not intend quitting that
city until next month, when the noble lord and lady purpose
returning to this country. His lordship's health is said to
have improved considerably, and that he had quite recovered
from the debilitating effects of the severe attack of gout
which his lordship experienced previous to his departure for
Italy.

It is said the Emperor of Austria will not consent to the
marriage of his
_piece, the Princess of Braganza, with the

Prince de Joinville.

ANECDOTE OF AMPERE.—Of Ampere's absence of mind a
droll anecdote is related. Being out one day at dinner, he
completely forgot where he was, and imagined he was at
home. Not happening to like some of the dishes of which
he had partaken, he exclaimed aloud, under the supposition
that he was addressing his wife or his sister, " I never sat
down to a more execrable dinner ; why do you not get a bet-
ter cook ?"—Polytechnic Journal for March, p. 184.
Mr. Beale, of the musical firm of Cramer, Addison, and
Beale, son of Mr. Beale, late of Manchester, has taken
Drury-lane Theatre ; his term to commence from October
next.. It is in contemplation then to produce" opera'? upon
a more perfect and extensive scale than has ever been at-
tempted in this country. At present the only engagement
completed is that of Mr. Benedict, a musical director.—

Lon-don Paper.
EXTRAORDINARY CASE.—Miss Lucy Harrington, for-
merly a resident in America, and daughter of Mr. Moses
Harrington, died recently in Conish, N.H. under the follow-
ing distressing circumstances. She was sick three years and
a half, and confined to her bed two years and five months.
Several months previous to her death, her right hip was dis-
located by a contraction of the muscles, while she was sleep-
ing quietly in her bed. Immediately after this event, her
bones began to hrzak, and before her death they had broken
nineteen times or more, in different parts of her body. At
first her ribs broke, then her collar bone, then her lower limbs,
her under jaw, and the bones of her hands and feet. Their
breaking was sometimes attended with noise, and at others
not ; and was always preceded andfollowed by the most acute
pain. The ends of the broken bones would sometimes, for a
day or two, grate together on being moved. Upon a post
mortem examination, not a sound bone was found. All were
so softened as to be easily cut with a knife. When her bones
began to break, the muscles of her lower limbs so contracted
that they lay directly across her stomach and bowels. In this
position she lay until her death.' Her body was so contracted
that at one time she measured as she lay in bed only two feet
four inches. She gradually lost all strength in her limbs,
until she could only move slightly the ends of her fingers.
She was 43 years of age.—American paper.
FLEETWOOD.—SCREW PILE LIGHT-HOUSE.—We lately
visited this picturesque structure, and minutely examined its
various parts ; the plan appears to combine extreme lightness
with the greatest possible strength, being iron-bound and
angle-braced in every direction, and from the originality of
its design, and correctness of its execution, reflects the high-
est credit on its projectors—the Messrs. Mitchell. It stands
about two miles from the shore, upon the tail of a bank of
shifting sand, which great disadvantage has been surmounted
by covering it to some distance round the building with a
tenacious clay mixed with stone and gravel. The foundation
is formed of seven strong iron piles, forced 13 feet in the
ground by means of screws three feet in diameter, attached
to their lower extremity, the bank gradually consolidating
to that depth. In these piles seven massive spars are
firmly secured, which rise above the surface of the bank
about forty-six feet, and on which the base of the house is
strongly framed. By the above arrangement, though the
tide frequently rises here to the height of thirty feet, yet,
during the heaviest swell the house is unaffected by it, the
waves passing freely underneath. Of this a convincing proof
was given during the storms of last January, the building
being then far advanced, but without the braces which form
an essential part of the plan. The house is now completed,
with the exception of the lighting apparatus, and contains
two good apartments, with the light-room, store-rooms, &c ;
it has also a broad balcony round the building, and a second
surrounding the lantern, from whence an extensive view is
had of the ocean and adjacent shores. A great experiment
has thus been successfully made, and a point of the utmost
importance to navigation set at rest for ever, viz., the prac-
ticability of placing light-houses on sand banks in the ocean,
which to shipping are not less dangerous than sunken rocks.
The ease with which such buildings may be placed on sub-
marine banks still more exposed, may be inferred from the
circumstance that the Wyre light-house was commenced late
in November last, and carried on without interruption during
the severe weather of the last winter. That the coasts of
this kingdom will in time become studded with such lights
we confidently anticipate, which conclusion forces itself upon
us from a consideration of the superior advantages they will
possess over floating lights ; among these may be enumerated
a more powerful light, free from all motion, the certainty of
not being set adrift, which in many instances has proved so
disastrous, and a diminished annual expense of at least one-
half. Our opinion thus expressed is strengthened by the
circumstance that the elder brethren of the Trinity House
entertained so favourable an opinion of the plan, that they
engaged the Messrs. Mitchell some time since to place a
similar screw foundation on tha Maplin Sands (a bank at
the entrance of the Thames), and where we hope soon to
hear of a light being exhibited. We cannot conclude this
brief notice without expressing a cordial wish that the
Messrs. Mitchell may reap a rich harvest from their admi-
rable invention, in which we understand they are protected
by a patent.—Preston Pilot.
THE REV. WM. Norm—This gentleman, whose death
was briefly noticed in the Guardian last week, has been so
long known to the inhabitants of, this town, and more parti-
cularly to the congregation assembling for divine service at
St. Clement's Church, as to call for a notice somewhat be-
yond the mere insertionof his name in an obituary. Mr. Nunn
was born at Colchester, in Essex, and came to officiate in St.
Clement's Church, in the year 1817 ; since which, his amiable
and conciliatory conduct, the independence and rectitude of
his principles, and the indefatiguble discharge of his sacred
duties, have secured for him the respect, esteem and at-
tachment of a numerous congregation, and of a large circle
of friends. On Wednesday evening, the 4th inst., he preached
his last sermon, and on the following day was attacked by
the illness which terminated his earthly career in four days,
as he departed this life on the 9th inst., about eleven o'clock,
a.m., leaving a wife and eight children. He was interred at
All Saints' Church, on Saturday last, the 14th inst.,
by the Rev. John Hollist, of St. James's Church ; and
the interest created by Mr. Nunn's death, in the midst
of his usefulness, was strikingly evinced by the fact,
that upwards of three thousand persons assembled to
witness the funeral ceremony. Amongst the clergy who
attended (amounting from twenty to thirty in cumber), there
were the Rev. John Hollist, the Rev. Hugh Stowell, the
Rev. Dr. Burton, the Rev. Mr. Huntington, the Rev. Mr.
Piccope, the Rev. W. Hewlett, the Rev. Mr. Figgin, the
Rev. Mr. Grundy, the Rev. Mr. Cave, the Rev. Mr- Nunn
(brother of the deceased), &c. &c. The Rev. W. Hewlett,
curate of Astley, preached the funeral sermon, at St Cle-
ment's Church, on Sunday evening, last, from the 15th. 1 ap.
Ist epistle of Corinthians, 10th verse—" And his grace vraich
was bestowed upon me was not in vain." The church, on
this occasion, was crowded to an excess which has seldom
been equalled in any place of worship in this town:—Man-
chester Guardian.
