THEATRE-ROYAL, LIVERPOOL.

FOR THE BENEFIT OF MR. ANDREWS.
TI-lIS present TUESDAY EVENING, the Gth instant,
will be performed the Comedy of
THE PROVOKED HUSBAND.
Lord Townly Mr. Stuart.
Sir Francis Wronghead..Mr. Andrews.
Count Basset..Mr.W. Howard. 1 Squire Richard.. Mr. Baker.
Lady Townly..Miss Faucit 1 Lady Gracte..Mrs. Baker.
Lady Wronghead..Mrs. Clarke. 1 Miss Jenny Miss Chaplin.
Myrtilla ... Miss Stanley.
After the Play the Song of "The Old English Gentleman," by
Mr. Andrews; and by permission of H. Phillips, Esq., the
Duet of " Old Acquaintance," by Messrs. G. Horncastie and
Andrews.

Grand Pas de Deux, by Mr. J. Ridgway and' Madllo. Marie.
"Trifler Forbear," by Mrs. W. H. Bland.
To conclude with, for the third time these six years, the splendid
Eastern Drama of
ALADDIN.
Aladdin Miss Chaplin.
Abenazack....Mr. W. Howard. I Kazrac Mr. J, Ridgway.
First Citizen Mr. Baker.
Second Citizen.. Mr. G. lionicastie I Third Dio..Mr Andrews.
filustapha....( Aladdin's Motinr)....Mrs. Clarke.

Genii of the Ring....Misi Webster.
TO-MORP.OW, (Wednesday,) for the BENEFIT of Mr. and
Mrs. W. H. BLAND, the Opera of HENRI QUATRE.
Henri Quatre, Mr. Stuart; Frederick, Mr. W. H. Bland; Eu-
gene, Mr. W. Howard; Jocrisse, Mr. Baker; Gervaise, Mr.
G. Horncastle; Florence, Miss Stanley; Clotilde, Mrs. Baker;
Louison, Mrs. W. H. Bland.—Classical Specimens of Ancient
Statues by Mr. J. Ridgway.—To conclude with THE SLAVE.

frbt ILiberpool *tantiarb.

TUESDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 6, 1836

Whenever we have walked through a gallery of fine
pictures, where beauty after beauty has presented itself
to the eye, we have found the powers of language fail
to express the agreeable emotions and intense pleasure
created by them. Something of this feeling has possessed
us during the present recess of Parliament. We have
been called to observe demonstration after demonstration
of sound constitutional principles, delivered at Conser-
vative dinners, till we are perplexed how to vary the tone
of admiration, or, in terms sufficiently strong, to felici-
tate our fellow-countrymen on these most auspicious
events. Nature, that has given us hearts to feel the sa-
tisfaction, has denied us a vocabulary co-extensive to im-
part it. There are, however, some points so prominent,
and some consequences so important, in several of those
late festivities, that we feel irresistibly impelled to draw
the public attention once more to the subject.
The first of these which we intend to notice, is a con-
servative dinner given by the "nobility, gentry, and
yeomanry of West Norfolk, in the Town-hall of Lynn,
to Mr. William Bagge and Mr. W. L. Chute, who have
announced their determination to stand candidates, next
vacancy, for the representation, on the conservative in-
terest, of this division of the county." The assemblage
on that occasion was distinguished, in a pre-eminent de-
gree, by a union of title, talent, character, and waalth,
equal to any one of its predecessors in the kingdom.
But it is not upon this topic we purpose, at present, to
descant. Such displays have graced ever' county in the
kingdom. It is to mark the changed political character
of that division of the country, that we invite our read-
ers. West Norfolk was once, and lately, one of the
strongest holds of radicalism—the very hotbed of re-
form—the never-ceasing mill of discontent, in which
were ground down the reff and bran of faction, to glut
the voracious appetites of all the unquiet in the land—
the political Etna and Strombole of England, which were
for ever belching forth the fiery mischief of sedition.
There the post groaned under the burden of, miscalled,
petitions to parliament, breathing the language of inti-
midation. But, happily, the refreshing breeze of Con-
servative truth has purged the infected air of Radicalism ;
and, as low as West Norfolk had sunk in degradation, so
high has she now exalted herself in honour. May her
example be everywhere imitated ! Mr. Bagge, one of
the intended candidates for the next Parliament, said, in
language to which every true British heart must respond,
"They were called upon to give justice to Ireland; lie
would not withhold it from her, but at the same time he
would preserve it sacredly for every Protestant in Ire-
land, who desired, and deserved it. In standing up for
the rights of the clergy, he was adopting the best course
for securing his own ; for if he allowed the property of
the clergy, and the tithe was their property as much as
he could call any thing he possessed his own,—if he al-
lowed #1,3 property of the clergy to be invaded with -im-
punity, **ll, what consistency' eould he complain when
his own should ,611 attacked Q • He would commence jus.
tice to Ireland, by giving the starving millions the ad-
vantage of poor laws. Why did O'Connell oppose them ?
Because be yips)' very well, if ()nee established, he could
no longer agitate with Wed." Stlch were the sentiments
of the future candidate of " West Norfolk." We send
him our best wishes for that, of which there is no reason-
able doubt, his complete victory on the approaching
struggle.
We accidentally learn, that Lord John Russell had,
just before the above meeting 8t Lynn, visited Mr. Coke,
of Holkham, now in his dotage ; not burning out the last
days of the oil of life with a pure, tranquil flame, but
fuming and flickering in the socket. We deeply regret
this, for, as a private gentleman, his life has been marked
by
_courteousness and benevolence—as an agriculturist,
zeal and liberality—hut tea ii—s-toesman, by imbecility
of mind and petulancy of conduct—"requiescat in pace."
Whether alarmed at the threatening storm, or afraid lest
the thunder of ungracious truth should disturb his repose
if he remained in the county, Lord John quitted his re-
treat, very opportunely, just in time to escape the mur-
murs of reproach that might have intruded within the
pale, even of the retired domain of Holkham.
We really wonder,' that a man sprung from the house
of Russell, which owes so much to the hand of spoliation,
should persecute himself with measures and alliances
every one of which, we might think, would serve to
bring to his remembrance the origin of his paternal in-
heritance, and make him tremble at the very thought of

organic changes ; changes which, however they might

carry back the riches of his family into channels from
which they were diverted, cannot, by possibility, add to

the breadth or depth of the present stream. But this per-
sonal recklessness of self has long ceased to create sur-

prise. We everywhere see men, that are their own ene-

mies, industriously devoted to effect their own destruc-
tion ; from the dram-drinker, who ruins his health, to
the politically intemperate lord who endangers his coro-
net. Happy would it have been for him, and well for the
country, when he set his foot upon the soil of Norfolk, if
he had recovered his right reason, and had found moral
courage enough, like some of the Radicals of the western
division, to renounce " the error of his ways," and to

have stood forward a champion of those institutions with

•
which must stand or fall his political inheritance, and all

the honours of his house.

It is somewhere about fifteen years ago since we heard
Mr. Coke, exultingly, make mention of Lord John Rus-
sell's entrance into the arena of reform. He has exhi-
bited
himself,
all that time, as a public gladiator, con-
tending fur the empty acciamations of crcwds of " the

1 536.

baser sort," without achieving one victors', oravi oae
d'ae it
laurel to his cliap!pt, that will he recorded with honnur:_
the page of history, or grace his picture in the nalieai3
fins'
gallery of statesmen. Contrast this life of useless' --01
chievous agitation, with the upright, straightf or
course of Lord Wodehouse and his family. In all e
them we,behold unsullied dignity, like the polished 11;e
ror, which the breath of calumny cannot tarnist-„.
ever ready supporters of a government, that, essential)!'
loves and cherishes liberty—of a church holy and or
: r
trdic in its ordinances and doctrines—who are guided
their legislative duties by an indiscriminate care I.`)r rich
and poor—such men were the props of the late conseneji
Live dinner in \test Norfolk; and we are not surris.o,
though much gratified, to find so many others of a 1,4.1
dred spirit coming forwards from the ranks of radicalism
s h 0
to stand as pillars of our glorious constitution. It is
presage of better sentiments and happier days in °or
ix
land. But we forbear to iterate the opinions we Katie.d,
often repeated in favour of the generous and right-I'l'P
ed views of the Conservatives of England. We liao
.00
another theme that, like the last, claims the best attentibe
of the friends and enemies of good government. At t
great Conservative dinner for the "combined countler
of Ross and Cromarty" we are presented with two c'ti 'be
instances of change of political sentiment worthy to be
recorded; not in men of no influence, but in two
characters, one of whom, Mr. Horatio Ross, late 16
for Aberdeen, made the manly avowal, " that allit°dg
as a whig and a keenreformer, he had, in his place ia
Parliament, supported the reform bill in -all its stage' be
0
has felt himself compelled to withdraw himeell
ministry DEPENDING FOR EXISTENCE ON A COALITI;
WITH A PAPIST AND ANTI-NATIONAL FACTION" ;
of
other, "Mr. Robertson, of Kindeace, a gentletun°
considerable talent and property in this county, and tit;
at the last election, supported the present whig'radg
member." He too, quitting the constitution-destroY"„.°o
ranks of radicalism, stands forward to protect the " We%
of Lords" from the assault meditated against it. Tiies-
two noble-minded men, the late supporters of reti
who had yoked themselves to the car in which my
Melbourne, and Lord John Russell, and Mr. O'Conne
rode triumphant, like triple-faced Hecate—have unbar•
nessed themselves from their work of drudgery--
find, that the ponderous machine of state, directed by
the unprincipled band of papacy, like that which bearrs
the idol of Juggernaut, is drawn, by a factious nil'
tude, over the neck of prostrate England, crushing s'
berty, endangering properly, and placing personal so!
ty in jeopardy.
We exult not at the accession of two, or two thousand
votes to our cause. We count not numbers—it i 5 the
indication, the evidence, afforded 'bv these changes, i°
distant and independent sections of our countrY—
Scotland as well as in England—of a crumbling, a tot
tering, a decaying faction, that calls forth our ernolati°ll
t•
ex pede Herculem—these footsteps declare, with staelen
demonstration, the direction of political power. We ga
titer from such instances the just conclusion, that there are
multitudes ready to avow themselves of the same ,ean;
merits—many more vacillating " between two opininng'd
who will shortly acknowledge their political heresy, an
confess, with honest trnth, "in ignorance" they enl
braced'it ; and, would the same apology could be exteri,-,
deg further, and we could say, " as also did their rulers'
If these decisive signs—for there is no ambiguity here
—serve to add encouragement to the hopes of the Peace;
makers of England, what apprehensions must they ereat
in the minds of those who only meditate war ?—who arer
by virtue of powers vested in them by the reform b"
and other bills of the same monogeneous character, o°-
verting our towns into seats of discord—affixing to evert
office, whether honourable or servile, the infamous badge
of political slavery—converting our protestant schO'is
into seminaries of infidelity—and stretching out the
hand to greet Papal power to our shores. Should these,
facts in any degree regenerate our present MuniciPat
Corporation, or introduce into Liverpool a congenial sPi;
rit, which, we think, they cannot fail to do, we shall fee'
abundantly recompensed for calling publ.ic attention to
them ; but, whether local misrule be checked or not, of
this we feel quite certain, that wheneveiParliarnent
assemble, the advocates of Conservatism will buckle 00

their defensive armour with double vigour, and present
so firm a front to the ranks of RadicalisM, that the latter
will make their advances with more caution and less bold"
ness than they displayed immediately after the first tri-
umphs of reform. The voice, the declared voice of the
country is with them.

The enemies of our Established Church, who are the
enemies of truth and justice, have been industriously tit
work, endeavouring to confound together-TWO sever3l
acts, of two members of our hierarchy, which arc man'.
festly distinct in motive, principle, and consequence'
The Bisap of Exeter, who is not only conscientiously'
but imperatively charged to watch over the canons 0.14 he
church, in the fulfilment of that non-discretionary duty'
has been compelled to accept the resignation of the Rev,i
M. Malkin, in consequence of an illegal and self-assured
authority, to omit, on certain occasions, the reading of
the "Litany," as appointed by those canons. Is this 00
exercise of tyrannical, oppressive, or fanatical power ?
Is it the arbitrary dictum of a lordly superior, capriciouslY
humbling, or needlessly fettering a subordinate minister
in the discharge of his legitimate duties ?—the farther
from it possible. It would have been a highly culpable
dereliction Of episcopal duty had the Bishop of Exeter
neglected to interfere, and forbid an unauthorised alters"
tion in the prescribed ritual of the church, of which he
an " overseer." In order that we may sae the justice c'
this conduct the more clearly, let us suppose the Rev. 31'
Malkin had been permitted, without disturbance, to (Ott
the reading of the "Litany," where waF this discretion"
ary power to end ? He might next have foregone the
reading of the "Lessons ;" he might soon have dispensed
with the spirit-breathing prayers. In fact, he aDtgllt
have cut down the service of the Church of England t()
whatever dimensions he pleased ; or, as it is probable,
that when he took away one pillar of marble he v"id
add another pillar of wood; the beautiful structure might
be so altered in its form, and so debased in its material!i.
as to leave little trace of its original remaining. And
we look a little farther, and consider the right of exercis-
ing, a similar discretion to be vested in every curate--
and if it may be assumed by one it must belong to an"—
to what a state of disorder might the holy and apostolic
character of our church service be reduced—congrega-
tions would perpetually be surprised; as in some dissent-
ing chapels, with novelties—no two services in the sane
church might be the same. In fine, this liberty of the
Rev. M. Malkin is not only unwarrantable, but subver-
sive of all ecclesiastical government, and would lead, h.s"
an inevitable step, to its complete destruction. But We
have other, and equally strong, objections to the right Of
individual
se
services
iecregsy clergymen altering,chtlreh. Whether Mr. Malkin "ad libitum," the or
ed
omitted to read the Litany o'r not, because he thought
any part of it exceptionable, we do not presume to sat;
but, prima facie, such would be our conclusion; and if
such a conclusion be ours, who love and venerate the
church and its ordinances, what would the airy tongue of
dissent, the flippant lips of the Deist, the "open sePul-
clues" of infidelitf and unitarianism proclaim ? \CIL"
they would triumphantly quote clerical authority—Ai-
elating ministers of our church—to denounce the purity
of her doctrines. We shall have it asserted, in the We
ofinsolence, that the " Litany" was, by our clergy, de"
Glared to be a farrago of unmeaning sentences, not only
unworthy a Christian congregation to hear, but unfit
for their holy lips to utter—that our prayers had
neither sense nor devotion—and thus on, to the
total
extinction of our scriptural ritual. And shall a bisbol2
hear of such designs, and not interfere ? Shall he
know that they are in practice, and not interpose . -
And shall he be exposed to slander, and be maligrue(l
for accepting a resignation from a clergyman gutILY,
of any one of these, and who disclaims a reitul.ave-1
to
duty ? We speak to Christian men—" judge
your "hearts never burned within yon," ‘vhilst that beao-
tiful compendium of man's wants, temporal t_ an spiritual-
was4)
reading, and waiting your responsive prayer—the
Litany Litany ?
g
We are sure tht you, that any good man
in the kin •

n
