SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE

FRIDAY,
~—Liverpool

4.—Wind South

Providentia, and Sirius, from Dordt—Union, from Dorcrt—Gleir
Goliery, from Corsica ; sailed 21st June—Ellen Clare, Robe._
from Leghorn —Courtenay, Brown. from lialifax—ollampt, Molde:
and Mar motile, Schabling, from Rotterdam—Aurora, Mappleder
Maria, De' Jonge, and Concordia, Eddis, from
Kialioven, and Loochristie, Dotty, from -Osten
from Archangel—John Scott, Robinson, from Cro;
from Amsterdam—Margaretha Cornet..., , /I
Boulogne—Margaret, Probet, from Bremen—Egidius, Duitt, from
Ostend—Edward, Moller, from Kiel—Agnes, —, from Id
Video—Johanna Maria, from Maldon—Harkaway, from Virgil
Sir John Bcresford, from Ilambro'—Sarali Jane, from Dungr
--and Nancy, Miller, from Poole..
SAILED.—Tweed. M'Kenzie, for Trieste—Wave, Sculley
Bombay—Barbadian, Hughes, for Jamaica—Elizabeth &
Ann, Ball, for Genoa—Argra, Reed, for the Cape of Good lk
Silkworth, Meldrew, for Cronstadt—St. Lawrence, Glover, for
York—Alblon, Dooley. for Deincaara—Aerial, Robinson, for St
Petersburgh—and Maly Ann, Gill, for Messina and Palermo

-Mediutn,-- Kay
haven—Gezina

Hebe Sharland, hence to Rio Janeiro, was spoken
lat. 48;long. 13
Juno, M'Taggart, hence at St. John, N.D.
Roseway, -, hence at Pictou
Limena, Frame, hence at Nassau
Eliza Saunders, Bailey. from Odessa, at Constantinople, a
sailed 10th Aug. for Liverpool
Pioneer, Cook, and Telemaco, Cafiero, hence at Genoa
Johnstone, -, hence for Demerara, off the Saltees 30th Ai
Off the port, at 10 45, 1 ship and 12 schooners.

st Ang. in

►► 43, 11 snips, 2 barques, 5 brigs and 20 Fel-
Oft Holyhead, at 12 at noon, No. 1981, John Bolton. 11.

MEETING OF THE DOCK COMMITTEI

The following members of the committee were present at
the weekly meeting held yesterday :—Messrs. Leathom
Benn, Thomas Holt, Evans, Barclay, Holmes, Mellor, BO
ley, Moon, Martin, Chapman, Horsfall, George Holt.
Smith.
T►- - he last --

ne proceedings ot .ast meeting were read over and
confirmed; and the accounts for the_ week i
were passed, with
the exception of a portion of the expenses incurred n launch-
ing the Albert new light-ship last Saturday. It appeared
that sixty-five boys had been treated on the occasion, by
builders we suppose. The committee having given n:
rity for this expense to be incurred, it was disallowed.
A letter was read from the Secretary to the Trinity b,
stating that a buoy had been placed near the Coll Rock,
the Skerries, and the proper notices given.
The MARINE SURVEYOR presented a report of the dredg.
ing operations in the Victoria channel. This report stated
that the harrowing process had been carried on for the last
month, which admitted of 21 working days. A thousand
traverses had been made in the channel ; and on comparing
the soundings now made with those of last year, he was satis-
fied that the depth of water was as good, if not better, than
at the same period of last year, with every prospect of its
continuing so. The Marine Surveyor further suggested the
propriety of continuing the harrowing till the end of Septem-
ber, as the tides would admit of 17 working days. The ex-
pense incurred was stated to be—for hire of steamer .1:420,
for cordage, &c., £l4 145., for refreshments £6 Is. ; total,
£440 158.

After a short discussion and some verbal explanations from
the Marine Surveyor, a resolution was adopted, authorising
the dredging process to be continued till the end of Septem-
ber, and a copy of the report to be forwarded to the Town_
council.

A report from the Marine Surveyor waglaid on the tabl
stating that the Formby light-ship and the North Star
ship were in good order. This report also stated, that
27th ult. the Magazine life-boat proceeded to the a
of a ship a-ground on one of the banks, and after r,
with her all night brought her safe into Salthouse due;
The MARINE SURVEYOR further reported, that • t
morning of the Ist instant, the smack Newcastle, of Gla:
ran foul of the north-west light-ship, and carried away
of her tackle. The weather was fine ; the Leasow(
Formby lights were visible, and the accident was caul
gross negligence on the part of the crew of the sloop. Mea-
sures were in progress for repairing the•damage to the light-
ship which would render it unnecessary to bring her into
dock. The sloop had since gone to Runcorn. A resolution
was passed authorizing the usual proceedings to be taken
against the owners of the Newcastle, for recovering the
amount of the damage, and also for recovery of the penalty
for the offence imposed by the act of parliament.
Messrs. Moore and Co., consignees of the American ship
Josephine Teresa, applied for the dock dues on that vessel,
amounting to £9. Os. 4d. to be remitted. It appeared that
the vessel had been ordered to sail for Liverpool, but before
she arrived here the consignees received directions for her to.
proceed to Havre immediately ; but she was in the basin of
Prince's Dock before they were aware of her being in port.
Compliance with the application was declined on the ground
that the committee had no authority under the act of parlia-
ment.

;sistunct

A. letter was read from the clerk of the board of
for the Cardigan Union, stating they had relieved the
of one of the dock gatemen with XI. 13s. 3d., and
was now receiving from them 6s. a week. The dock ;,-;•
refused to pay any portion of this demand, on the
that he had a.large family ; and the present applies
the committee was for them to induce the man to c,
otherwise the guardians would be compelled to atti
wages under the 59th section of the poor-law amendm,
After some conversation, the secretary was desired to
reply that the committee declined to interfere.
Some discussion took place relative to a complaint from
some part of the tobacco trade, that they were put to him'-
. goods being crowded unnu

ation to

Eventually

venience by
the Queen's warehouses
passed that the dock mast
ercise their authority to prevent a

a resolution r

:ers and Police be instructed tc

iconvenienc

gim every accoomodation to the tobacco trade.....,
•
A letter was read from Mr. Gage, whose plans for the ex-
tension of the dock accommodation of the port we noticed in
our last, presenting a rationale of his views, and index to the
several plans he had submitted to the inspection of the com-
mittee. A resolution was agreed to, to the effect that Mr.
Gage's plans be placed in the hands of the Surveyor and the
two Harbour Masters, for each of them to report thereon,
and on the presentation of their reports the whole subject to
be considered.
The committee then separated.

•
WARLIKE PREPARATIONS.—It is announced that th
frigate, in the Regent's Park, which has so long adorned th,
orlamental waters thereof, will he immediately put in cons

millsion. This noble frigate carries six two pounders.
will be manned by a complement of hands from the 4lliot
nursery. We are glad to see so much activity.beginning at
length to be displayed. —Argus.

lo ottrp.

OH ! GIVE ME AT LEAST THY SIGH !
B SAMUEL LOVER, ESQ.

(From the Court Journal.)
OH ! give me thy hand, fair lady,
That snowy-white hand, so small ;
Thy bow'r shall be dainty, fair lady,
In a bold baron's ancient ball ;
There, beauties of noble line, lady,
Smile forth from the pictured wall,
But it thou wilt be bride of mine, lady,
Then mine will outshine them all!
I see thou wilt not give thy hand, lady—

I see, by that clear, cold eye ;
If thou to my vow didst incline, lady,
The rose from thy cheek would fly ;
That lip is too ruby red, lady,

hile mine is so pale the while—
Nay, frown not, I ask not thy hand, lady ;
But ah ! let tne see thee smile.

I only did ask for thy smile, lady,
Yet scorn to thy lip doth cling ;
That ruby how will not bend, lady,
Till Cupid bath touch'd the string!
But since thou It not smile, fair lady,

An humbler suit I'll try,
For the heart thou halt broken, fair lady,
Oh! give me at least thy sigh!

LITERARY NOTICES

Blackwood's Magazine. September, 1840.
This is a capital number, replete with articles possessing
an extraordinary degree of merit. Another chapter of " Ten
Thousand a Year" only serves to inspire us with a still
higher opinion of the powers of the unknown author. Since
the appearance of the celebrated " Passages from the Diary
of a late Physician" we have seldom met with any thing that
has excited so powerful an impression as this tale. " Hints
for the Hustings" is the title of an excellent political article,
full of judicious suggestions and sage advice. We hope that
it will lead to the practical results contemplated by the

" A Visit to Selborne" is written in a style of en-
thusiastic ardour which cannot fail to charm the reader,
especially if be he an admirer of natural history and fond of
rural enjoyments. In " Stryck's Institute of the Law of
Spectres" there is much curious matter. The Akohor is a
quiz of the first water. The remarks on " The Bonndavy
Question" are peculiary apropos at the present crisis, They
embrace a complete history of this vexatious subject, "
Da
Walstein, the Enthusiast" is an excellent tale. " The Late
James Smith," " The Royal Academy Exhibition," and the

essay on " Style," constitute the remaining articles,

Fraser's Magazine,

September, 1840.

The political articles in this truly conservative magazine
are always of a superior order, and calculated to produce a
powerful effect. This is peculiarly the character of the paper
in the present number on " The Close of the Session of
1840." It contains a masterly exposition of the policy pur.
sued by the present imbecile and expediency-consulting
administration. We have derived unfeigned pleasure from
the perusal of the article on " The Present State and Pros.
pects of the Jews." It merits an attentive reading, which,
we have no doubt it will generally obtain. " Life on the
Leinster," is a capital sketch, full of quaint humour. "The
Condemned Cells" is the title of a series of narratives which
are infinitely superior, both in style and tendency, to Jack
Sheppard, or any other work of the same school, " The
Revocation of the Edict of Nantes," suggests many gr4v
reflections. We recommend its perusal to all who are in,-
dined to believe that there is any thing like decrepitude in
Popery. The notice of " The Confessions of Harry Lorre-
quer" is a just but generous tribute to the most amusing
writer of the day. There is much curious matter in the
" Reminiscences of a Newspaper Editor." The article on
the " North American Boundary," displays a thorough ac-
quaintance with the subject.

Dublin University Maya:ine. September, JB4O,

The most prominent article in the present number of this
excellent periodical is, the admirable essay on " Church
Establishments and the Voluntary System," which contains
a complete and satisfactory analysis of the several works of
Dr. Chalmers, Dr. Wardlaw, and the Rev, Hugh M`Neile,
on these important subjects. We venture to say that no un,
prejudiced person can rise from the perusal of this article
without a deep-felt conviction, not only of the lawfulness,

but of the necessity of a state provision for a Christian mi-
nistry. We are glad that " Milman's History of Christianity"
has fallen under the notice of the editor. He has ably ex-
posed the mischievous errors of that neologian production.
" The Portrait Gallery" is adorned with a sketch of the Rev.
Charles Stuart Stanford, Translator of Plato's Dialogues.
" The Rival Tanists" is a truly Irish tale. Miss M. A.
Brown has contributed a second series of poetical " Sketches
from the Antique," which abound in striking imagery. The
review of " Mr. Woodward's Shunammite" contains some
splendid passages in the shape of extracts from that charming
work. George Robert Fitzgerald's- adventurous career has
furnished materials for another interesting article.

The Asiatic Journal. September, 1840. London : W. H
Allen and Co., Leadenhall-Greet.

In the " Review of Eastern News " we have a consecutive
narrative of the affairs of the East, down to the date of the
last despatches by the overland mail. This analysis of ori-

atal intelligence is compiled with great care and regard for
accuracy. The article on " Gang Robbery in India " dis-
The review of " Southgate's
Tour in Armenia and Kurdistan " is highly interesting. The
same remark applies to the continuation of " Notes of a
Journey through France and Egypt to Bombay." Under the
head of "Analecta Sinensia " we are treated to some curious
specimens of Chinese literature. The article on the " Dis-

loses some startling facts

covery of the Antarctic Continent" is very copious in its
information. The " Memoirs of a Griffin " are written in a
free and dashing style. The account of the " Ceremonies of
the Peguers " displays some singular traits of character.
The essay on the " Cultivation of Cotton in India" is of the

highest importance in a commercial point of view : we are
glad that the subject is attracting such general attention.
The miscellaneous contents of the Asiatic Journal, as usual,
are of an exceedingly varied and interesting character.

9lonial Magazine,

September, 1840. London

Fisher, Son, and Co

Few periodicals of the present day so successfully blend
the useful and the entertaining together as the:one before us.
While the talented editor ever keeps the cui bono principle
before his eyes, he never fails to gratify the taste of the
merely literary reader. The present number opens with a
biographical sketch of the Marquis Wellesley and the Duke
of Wellington. We cordially agree with the author in his
estimate of the pul,lic services of the former. The natural
historian will derive much pleasure from the perusal of the
essay on " The Entomo-Geographical Character of the
African Continent." The remarkable essay on the " Taxa-
tion and Debt of England, and Effects of Revolutions," is
calculated to produce a very beneficial effect. We would
recommend its publication as a separate pamphlet. The
account of " Van Dienian's Land" loses none of its interest.
There is much truth and sound sense in the article on the

" Representation of the Colonies in the Imperial Parliament."
The essay on the " Monetary System of British India" is
cleverly written, and contains many valuable suggestions.
The article on the " Coalition of Parties" must surely have
obtained insertion through some strange inadvertence. We

should add, that this number contains a memoir and portrait

of Lord Durham

The New Statistical Account of Scotland. No. 27. August,
1810. Edinburgh : W. Blackwood and Sons.
This number is exceedingly rich in statistical, historical,

and scientific details:. It e., braces a minute description of
the counties of Bute, (complete) Ross, and Cromarty, (in
part) and Dumbarton, (concluded). Prefixed is a beautifully
executed and coloured map of Li nlithgowshi re. The parishes
included in this part are, Kilbride, Kilmorie, Cumbray,
Kingworth, Rothesay-, Tain, Kilmuir Easter, Kiltearn,
Rosernarkie, Fearn, Urquhart and Loggie-Webster,
Avoch, Kilmaronock, and Bonhill.

The Churchman. September, 1840. London : W. E

Painter

This popular magazine deserves the warm support of every
sincere churchman. Its original articles are able and ortho-
dox, whilst its selected matter is varied and interesting. The
exposition of " The Creed of St. Athanasius" is continued
in the number before us. The sketches of the " Characters
of Cromwell, Earl of Essex, and of Cardinal Pole," are
The sound reasoning in the essay on

astructive

" The Trinity" must convince every candid reader of the
truth of that sublime doctrine. We particularly recommend
a careful perusal of ' A Tale of the Waldenses." " The
Village Church-yard" is apathetic sketch. The correspond-
ence and ecclesiastical report of the Churchman embrace
much important matter.

The Village Churchman. September, 1840. London

W. E. Painter

heap repertory of theological and ecclesiastical intel-
rmsively circulated among the humbler
lasses of churchmen. The present number affords a very
fair specimen of its general contents. Among the principal
articles we reconlise the edifying " Memoir of Sarah Berry,"

t to he

on Ember-Week, an account of
Edward the Sixth, v: hose youthful piety is so well known,
the " Village Churchman's Sabbath Meditations," an ac-
count of the " Pram Book and Homily Society," and some
further remarks on the Liturgy.

" Village Dialogt

4bridgment of Si,

Poirell Buxton's 'Fork on the African

Slave Trade and i:s Remedy. London : John Murray

This abridgment embodies a succinct statement of the most
important facts developed in the larger work of the same
author. We would not on any account throw any doubt upon
the huma7:e feelings which dictated the compilation of this
' We fully agree with the estimable au-
horrors of slavery and the slave trade :
but we cannot, for reasons which we have already laid before
the public, approve of the remedy which he recommends for
bestow some further remarks
adoption. We shall, perhaps,

lacy woi k

Viscovnt St. Vincent has recently purchased Aston Hall,
Staffordshire, for £lOO,OOO.
