be esis
s Tye
to ill
• °De ,•
tiff '

their
;31,_`:ed
ar'

ctrabr
Ntter 448 q has been ed successor to the larte_
' as Chairman of the elec t
Liverpool Agricultual

414,,,,t\
Nye " THE WEST' DERFIY UNION.—The Rev.
aard• ~ %as on Tuesday last- appointed by.the
losgc,,,,r'lar,lrsAto the chaplaincy of West Derby Union.
%till t4e,xAanExs,The first of the galas for the
theilkeliPisee on Monday next. The fireworks as
pew, aniadt,' will, we understand, be on a most
Nerstand ol a magnificent description.
at .!stand
that
tbe Rev. F. Ould intends to preach a
4,Bte-.oat Hospitalull ch n Sunday morning next, in behalf
of 1114 6,-: We trust for the sake of this
Ilea- ---“tY, that a liberal collection will be the
PPeal.
L THEATRE
•C ttx -E ROYAL, LIVERPOOL.
List•tipT of Illr. CHARLES MATHEWS, and
,1ft.4,,t of the P
11 -ngagement of Madame VESTRIS
foNPreleatAT Al'k-THEWS.
'tithe . PAY, the 28th instant, will be per-
L., x,,,,',0,11rite Comedy of 1
.vonhi..'-' A YOUR' OWN MIND.
ii'.44)' teff. '" • • ..... Mr. Charles Mathews.
will he ~- • • ' • • ...... Madame Vestris.
writte4
baui&ed, for the last time, the new Drama,
~ pAThr air. Charles Mathews, called
-.Eh VERSUS CLATTER.
~ _ _
I°tollei.B °flginal character) .. Mr. C. Mathews.
?;,. 2,44,,,e With the favourite Drama called
7 spyk -G LOAN OP A LOVER.
....
'''• • • • Mr. Charles Matthews.
~kt.efh(her °riginal character) .... Madame Vestris.
"° 1148er be opened daily when Tickets may he
d -aken' °f Mr. PARKER, from Ten until
.1 t
.' talk open. PPer Wires, 3s. 6d. ; Pit, 2s. 6d. ; Gallery, Is.
1 ~,
It.
Sevend Hpast Six, and the Performance
' o' at
clock.
alf-
. 1 qt,„
To 4 "AL OF
k 4... ts ....,.._, THE LATE EDITIONS OF
. ! Gl'oNTi. LIVERPOOL,MeiN3EIIREISITOI, CHESTER,
lIT
titi:kibi 11 WALES, Sce.
tazt
uare ii,f•
r,',.2 Liverpool and the surrounding dis-
,,Qs ti,"'"ted, that since the acceleration of the
li3; 'ebepLATEST EDITIONS of the TIMES
y t_ve -4 received at the Office, d
1111,e ven o'clock in the Evening of tiles day of pub
-
ors Inl4
qbacribeaud from thence despatched to the resi-
Attkix rs in any part of the town or neighbour-
.. 4,
ks‘it;iitill3gN Subscribers may receive the Times by
itt°D,.,.t. Seven ditto.
1:1,14eq 'tittt:l at Seven ditto.
11...1i kail fromat a Quarter past Eight ditto.
likt Seven Chester immediately after the arrival
, conveys the Times to all parts of North
ith„.llers ia h
t.-e above named places are requested to
~, LOPheation (post-paid) to the Agen , 5
kitittii4ene, tov!:1)001, and those in other Towns on the
raeatstifloemirarerdepr ttoiNteheNifm.seA,sgednatily., by
L. T. GASKILL,
N 45, Lord-street, Liverpool.
LAD Es
(1, I - °P LIVERPOOL AND ITS
A , VICINITY.
k$ r,II, c,4 EIN C E HOUSE,
I,ol74„rence-street, Rodney-street.
If.Nnj that 4 has the honour to inform the Ladies of
1&410-LiZ She is appointed to the AGENCYAot
raticolii
_PEARY'S celebrated ANATOMIC L
Ik?get Ntse.o by her Most Gracious Majesty Queen
Ila :4iJeSty the Dowager Queen Adelaide, and
only
1,6 4igi ;711,1d begs leave to lay before. the Public
"qtly4l3, iestitnonials of the superiority ofMrs.
i,. tented Stays
valith , TESTIMONIALS.
invented
')eary ,i4leasure in stating that the stays i
/ ekpinul obviate all the' inconveniences of those
1% • ,4•Yed."•--C. J. B. Aldis, M.D., Old Bur-
Lek , ta to4tell 6th, 1837
It() tho, Yoe that 11Irs..Gearv's Stays are infinitely
liet,7.,,ia ordinary use."-13. C. Brodie.
,b(e7l,,!ied the Stays invented by Mrs. Geary, and
v,h,,,tth",911' adapted to give salutary support to the
it ~,tr '..lnin,.• • ders ordinary
ely -710;us pressure which ren i 4,111,, the
~PreJudicial."—J. T. Conquest, M.D.MD 'Pk akl fuiraPlete Corset that the genius of Mrs.
rt
the hill
swilw Th p blem to be solved was
`'txtl4 toco-hglire, 'Yet noet stroo diminish freedom of
Ici htratur7Ceale_ f the abdomen when too
i; gevie; 'tom, Dr. Jaomes Johnson's " Medico-
tk)ll:4Nrei,," '.
for January, 1837.
pb,ltAti,,l, Mrs. Geary's improved Stays, and I
'tap'Po ,;11 sqing, I think them infinitely superior.
Cente4-I,BllPPort to any in use. I consider the
' ' ti'11:411 a '1 the same ldv for pregnant females,
143`11... 144.Dexee,..edingly gooad'Princle."—Francis H.
ki Gen D''
ti.lew Broad -street,. March.te 2, 1837.
itlige, e eile:,.`-: orst for grown girls, the pressure on
Vttliet.?` I. light, and by exerting. no pressure
V) di,„„'!'l? it does not (by forcing those
,edges to
ii .at4rd ruisb, during youth, the cavity of the
_ 1;0,11,1 re ,„.11(e suffering which must attend that ma!s
4tN Met -4.lers„,,
--Extracted from Mr. Coulson 's
of the Chest and Spine," 2nd Edition.
q.i'rlet_litileh:tT,ta_ 3e's, of all kinds, present
iamneowrtaanntdpor:
~.):_o :rhuee,:nstruction of the mos
" annelii rtuation of the bosom,. andpof all parts
ti, ',lleaut (''' 'a a matter of great ingenuity, and of
/ary talker, --Extracted from " Female Beauty,"
t d - by
kd ei
.4b " The Exercise Corset, invented
ofe the
tNtrt:t'ectallB3l•"elY nesessary in all exercises
hthey
1k,41,0N) in the Indian Exercises v,ln k, aike:"-Extracted from " for Lcadies,"
Ne, r, 2d Edition.
°,ll;Pre the superiority of Mrs. Geary's
.Stays.
t,lti,,ilg th ""t Ladies and -I
shall make a 1391nt,, of
f1,V4),..)1.1)e.4157...heneve'r I have.. an opportunity. 7.-
c)4l4'llreatet i())7.grßsroik-d.etraereyt; March, 22, 183, .
from the ingenu-
- (44.th,t"eY are constructed, are eminently adapted
o
.0114 heal e and freedom of motion so essential
; ;114 to the ', They appear, therefore, likely to
h provetto
'• DI ut,a of „:_Lys in common use, which contribute to
, trqivar,s, `,l,,c.h.deformity and manyliseerrioeuys-
kl sqlueare.
Isgto:),/e'cilealli
Geln,fiHemille-ostarereet
of ()Pinion, that Mrtss.
k:lt,l•Nht consequence of the great improveymareienty-
kl!it elr re caPability of adaptation to ever)
.0(11•NIII'val of all unequal pressure by the ire- gussets—and the proper employment of
I k 44 , are deserving of the strongest recommen-
lt t, Anders° .
ChN:t 4 M.D!Sir James Eyre, M.D.
V,iithe b
litittor , .bart. iDr. G. F. D. Evans
P,t, t iDr. Ferguson
r; N
Dr. Holland
,i3O ~
,Dr. James Johnson
ittl' %bill
R. Keate, Esq.
ilgtit:t'Y (; -roll
Dr. Litchfield
kilti ler ',le
Dr. Locock
ittoakelark, 13t. Dr.- Merriman
t 1 C I.
.‘'tt °°Pr Dr. Paris
~,,, , tart.
Dr. Wilson Philip
Dr.i P. H. Ramsbotham
(ItlYlttillttl' 141.
'f !N ti IDr. Hamilton Roc
.if
IDr. Sigmond
.h_t:;to
bav•iljer Sir Mathew J. Tierney, Bt.
Donald Walker, Esq.
ktNak Die" G. Pearson, Esq.
Vh klies T. J. Pettigrew, Esq.
I*\NVr,-4 Cgivin, High-street, Guernsey ; Mrst.
.441..: -street Liverpool ; Miss Eglon, High-stree ,

54.1
CORRESPONDENTS.
i tnSq7,
er }arms."
f last Tuesday, for
i
t

_
terpool Aliinba

.lo4v.
MORN
ae i 4 ING, JUNE 283 1339.
*shrt,i4l°re " disagreeable animal in existence
4111,i4i underling who, by some accident, has
'„,r44tit I,°ll into good society; and there is no
whi,h
ay • he may be known, than the
„k 111 whirth
xei tee of . he speaks of men who, by the
Nit, intellect, have raised themselves to an
WhilSt those who are by birth and
Ow etre
gentle
gladly welcome " Nature's noble-
•
ti 41' receive them with the honour
kt-''
Ito v.tieir:rlor genius, the creeping parasite calls
ta4,, gin' and, by mean inuendo and
1A.1144 thief eel's to disparage their reception.
e kh characteristic of the silver-fork and
bkitt'e aro nol of ,
b eorri
th lets. In them we find affected
I,t4ttjelean,,e rown upon the real ornaments of
,„,
slang are ignorant of the conventional
of 04,11 g of fashionable life. It is Mr.
Of
the gdu Place, the hanger-on of the
:41. 4 be
it Krest, who is so morbidly anxious that
tit.tiathitgeBe
arlr°:;nh that his wife is acquainted with a
th. Inharr
1 e naen who worship a coronet, and
°r at the thought of contact with
, tam On the are the most contemptible beings
&.4,f2tilloil.R'roorns..llrfiace of Life. But it is not only
t,
Irian ("Kt at dinner-tables that they are to
hhtt, Possesses Pk!, et.at Your e more of this degraded
OR ill la nuine Radical. At heart he is an
the fare worst sense of the term. Like Mr.
°%e et'' he '
1;,, On is. on . deli._ts in having a kick at any
IS lower than his own. With Equa-
tht his
11, P% he i 8 ,
tllttaptti' the
0,, toe slave of rank and title when-
h! fkte,lll4ls I;`)rtlinity of meeting them. Hence Stett
of alight with which the Democrats hail
°ltle a Weak 10 dr edulat; r ing to their ranks. Hence
vrer 4)11 they heap Ith vet,t, • Who_ upon the shrine of a
'4014
ae hiss affecting to despise and vilify
ahe~iheideht of high birth, as though in
he leatible with mental and moral
Itt 'Yer ; eY faw„.
pt 4t ,
111:10n and toady and flatter it
'hi gleir "sessor
agar Incense lOWers himself so far as to
arid 1.v1• It the favourite distich of
11 The r that
rank
is b
It e , but the guinea's stamp 9.4111 y s the ,
gowd for a' that t °PP° (1() th • itIL fo 'lent betheir conduct belie their motto.
Ai the ree of
comes illustrious not by courtesy,
111)11e "Mniand.
ottit of r . nig abilities,—if he soars
t/1 4Pir' -gi°lls borne aloft upon the strong
t th genuisand
1,,t, Of at in , demonstrates the truth
1114‘lillope1111bility, this Country mind offers the best
1)y 41.t'b'l forth' and the en the sluices of detraction are
Ittlt 1113 oh v_ 111 slime of their low abuse is
NI) th the
men Whose origin is forgotten
'vkh e'eci Rple
cerri only titiour of their achievements, or
nr ,„,"° enh,
ill -gee the respect felt for their
11Peri ese ere
exe ttires, stung by envy at the
• enerlee, fall back upon the dung-

hill, and would rejoice to see in such a case mediocrity
of birth made a matter of reproach. They literally-feel
what the witty Moore has ironically expressed, and
would rejoice to hear the aristocracy saying—

" Low fellow, you've surely forgotten
The distance between you and me !
" To expect that we peers of high birth
Should waste our illustrious acres,
For no other purpose on earth
Than to fatten curst calico-makers !
" That Bishops to bobbins should bend,
Should stoop from their bench's sublimity,
Great dealers in lawn, to befriend
Your contemptible dealers in dimity !"

We have been led into the foregoing remarks by
reading, in last Sunday's Examiner, the coarse and
low-minded attack upon Sir Robert Peel, which, at
the risk of altogether disgusting our readers, we sub-
join. The pages of that paper are exactly the place
where we should have expected to find such an article.
Systematic abuse of the Church—elaborate detraction
from the merits of illustrious men—wilful misrepre-
sentation of motives—and frothy and false sympathy
for the lower classes, are admirably in keeping with
the meanness which reviles England's greatest living
Statesman for being the Son of a Cotton-Spinner.
The wit of the paragraph is as poor as the motive of
the writer is base. It is headed
" SLY HIT AT SIR ROBERT.".
In the Times of Thursday appeared a paragraph headed
" The Man who never had a Grandfather," which pre-
pared us, of course, for the slap at Sir Robert Peel
which will be found conveyed in the following para-
graph :

Vide Examiner, Sunday, June 23.

" THE MAN WHO NEVER HAD A GRANDFATHER.-It
was a common saying with a friend of mine, an octogenarian
divine, one of the most highly polished, and consequently
one of the most agreeable, gentlemen to be met with in the
hunting field [observe that the gentleman was a divine !] or
elsewhere, whenever he had occasion to animadvert upon
misconduct in any one holding the rank and station of a
gentleman,—" Rely upon it that man never had a grand-
father." There is a fund of truth and meaning in these few
words ; for although it has but too frequently happened that
some scions of the aristocracy have proved degenerate (as if
determined to maintain the existence of black sheep in every
flock), it will be found in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred
where the harmony of any society is disturbed by an indivi-
dual, that he is a cocktail—a low, underbred fellow—one, in
short, who never could have had a grandfather.— The Noble
Science, by Delme Radcliffe—an amusing book, exhibiting
a somewhat whimsical enthusiasm for fox-hunting. Squire
Western, if he could have read, would have been delighted
with it.'

" The disturbance of the harmony of a society is ob-
viously an allusion to Sir Robert Peel's stipulation for
the breaking-up of the Queen's Household ; and it is
in this way that the Tories always take vengeance on
their chief for his miscarriages. As we have before
remarked, Sir Robert Peel's descent is looked upon by
the aristocrats as a kind of grammatical solecism, hav-
ing had in his father a relative without an antecedent.
But how equitably things are distributed! Sir Robert
has wanted a line of ancestors ; but, to make up for
that line, what a line of cotton has been drawn out in
his family ! Quid stemmata faciunt indeed ? Sir Ro-
bert Peel hangs to a line of cotton, whose value is to
be measured in a million sterling ;—rolled up in a ball,
it would make a new world. On his maternal side he
numbers ten thousand spinning jennies, and forests of
cotton have fed them in their breeding. Why then
gird so incessantly at his deficiency in the article of a
Grandfather, and attribute all his failings to the want
of it ? Men cannot have everything ; and the for-
tune which Sir Robert Peel has in lieu of so unservice-
able an article as a Grandfather, makes a noble pedestal
of consequence for mediocrity speciously varnished."
Such is the ribaldry of the liberal Examiner. Can
lick-spittle vulgarity go beyond this ?

" Small by degrees, and beautifully less." Such is
the epitaph and history of Ministerial majorities, while
the country continues to be disgraced by Whig-Radi-
cal Government. Lord John Russell has carried his
motion for a grant of £30,000, to be applied to his
mongrel and infidel scheme of education, by a majority
of TWO. Would that we could select the TWO who
gave him this measuring-cast, and hold them up as
they deserve to the contempt and indignation of the
people of England ! Two Papists have been able thus
far to give success to the most audacious attempt
which has yet been made for subverting the faith of
the Protestant youth of Britain. But the attempt will
not—cannot be ultimately successful. Will Ministers,
in the face of a frowning nation—an unparalleled mi-
nority in Parliament—petitions which have already
crowded the table of the House of Commons in the
proportion of 30 to 1 as compared with those in favour
of the scheme—a hostile House of Lords,—dare to
force down the throats of their fellow-countrymen this
wretched plan of a Treasury Committee ? We think
not. They may say with the conqueror of old, " Ano-
ther such victory and we are undone." No set of
men but themselves would retain office gibbetted as
they are with their majority of two. Such a result is
indeed a triumph to Conservatives, and should teach
them the duty and advantage of persevering hostility
to the iniquitous measures which the desperate condi-
tion of Lord Melbourne and his colleagues impels
them to bring forward. But let them plunge and
struggle as they like—the death-throes are palpable.
The rope is round their necks, and they know it. We
are bound to acknowledge the efficacious aid brought
to the good cause on Monday night by our able repre-
sentative Mr. Cresswell. But we have no space for
comment. We reserve this for next Tuesday.

We are in a fair way of living to see the Usury Laws
repealed altogether. The time has gone by when a
Member of Parliament declared in his place that the
natural interest of money was 5 per cent. We think
it must have been the same profound personage who
thanked Providence for its goodness in causing great
rivers to run near large towns. The bill brought
in on Monday night by the Marquis of Lansdowne
was in effect nearly equivalent to an abolition of the
laws against usury, for by freeing Bills of Exchange
and other negotiable securities from this operation it
enables the lender in all cases to get what interest he
can from the necessities of the borrower. 'We are by
no means prepared to say that such a bill is inexpe-
dient. Just now, when so much commercial distress
is everywhere felt, we think the operation of this mea-
sure will be highly beneficial ; but as this is eminently
a question in which experience is the best guide, for it
is extremely difficult to prophecy beforehand the effect
of any change in our monetary system, we agree with
the Duke of 'Wellington that it is better to limit the
bill to the year 1842. We intend shortly to discuss
the expediency and operation of the Usury Laws.

Most of our readers will agree with us in opinion
that it is high time that a little light should be let in
upon the secret doings of our Dock Committee. Sitting
in close conclave, without it being possible for the
public to know anything of their proceedings, they
may be almost considered an irresponsible body, as
they are a local oligarchy, shrouded in the mystery of
impenetrable dignity, and forbidding those who sent
them there to know anything of their proceedings be-
yond what oozes out by chance, just as a man can de-
tect the contents of a tar barrel by its leakage or its
smell. Strange, indeed, that after all the fine writing
of the Whig journals during the days of the old Cor-
poration, they are nearly all silent on the question of
publicity, now that a tyrant majority of their own prin-
ciples are snugly seated at the Dock Board. In for-
mer days, we had fine bursts of patriotism on our
hustings and at our public meetings, because reporters
were excluded from the Council Chamber. Column
after column was written to show that it was tyrannical
and arbitrary to sit in secret deliberation—that it had
a most suspicious appearance—was the incipient cause
of numberless jobs—that the Council were the public
servants, and that the public had a right to know what
those servants were about. But now, bless us how the
tune is changed ! The Whig thunder has died away—
its reverberations are no longer heard—and a number
of gentlemen are permitted to legislate for the accomo-
dation of the mighty commercial interests of this second
Tyre, and to do what they list, but no stickler for pub-
licity, no flaming patriot who toasts the liberty of the
press in pine-apple rum, or half and half, over his pipe
and tobacco and his broad unstamped, now rends his
stentorian lungs by demanding that the proceedings
and deliberations of the Dock Committee should be
laid open to plebeian gaze. But to those who know the
men, it is no cause of surprise. They who look one
way and row another, they who talked so loudly about

letting the public see and know everything, at once
skulked into the deep recesses of the Angel—settled all
their proceedings by gas-light in a private room, and
then came with cut and dried resolutions into the
Council Chamber, with all their bickerings smothered,
and their waspishness concealed—these men most fitly
appointed representatives from amongst themselves to
carry out their own views in the Dock Committee, and
to throw the veil of secresy around those movements
and proceedings which are not intended for the public
eye. It is true that it would be no gratification to the
public to read the dull inanities of Mr. Benn, the un-
seemly and uncourteous epithets of Mr. Evans, so
inconsistent with his acknowledged ability, or the
wretched twaddle of Mr. Higgins, who seems as if he
had been suckled out of a vinegar cruet : but if the
arguments of the Whigs a few years ago were worth
anything they are valid now ; and it is not because the
speeches of the Dock Committee might be worth read-
ing that we demand their publication, but it is be-
cause that body has the power of legislating for
the business of the town—that they have the disburse-
ment of £150,000 a year of public money, and that
all classes have an interest in the welfare and
good management of our Docks and Harbour, from
the princely merchant, whose argosies return from
every clime freighted with the rich productions of
other lands, to the humblest porter who earns his
scanty and precarious pittance on our Quays, and to
the weather-beaten tar who braves the tempest before
the mast, and whose life may be sacrificed after
ploughing the ocean, almost at his own door, by the
neglect of the Dock Committee in taking proper pre-
cautions for his safety. We hold as an infallible
axiom, that every public body, acting only as trustees
for the public benefit, should legislate openly—their
reasons for adopting certain measures should be known
and scanned—should be brought to the test of public
opinion ; so that the interested parties who have dele-
gated the trust should be enabled, through the press
or otherwise, to canvass their proceedings, and express
their dissent or approval of measures which may prove
detrimexital to the public interest or insufficient for
public security, before those measures have become
local laws. It is notorious that at present those mem-
bers of the Dock Committee who have been elected by
the rate-payers, are utterly powerless, for they are in a
minority; and the selection made by the Council is
completely a political selection, destined to carry out
political objects. It is begging the question to say
that the old Council excluded men who differed from
them in political opinion. We are not their apologists
if they did so : but we assert that if they were wrong
in this matter, so are their successors ; and it speaks
ill for the wisdom or consistency of the present men,
to adopt the course for their own conduct which they
so vociferously condemned in their predecessors. One
thing is clear, viz., that the old Council proved them-
selves men of business, and knew what they were about.
Improvements went on steadily. The town felt the
benefit of their legislation. Our Harbour was not
neglected. Business, and not speech-making, was
their forte. The interests of the Port, and not the
spirit of petty and, at the last, extravagant economy,
was attended to by them ; and the magnificent Docks,
which now attract the attention and excite the wonder
of strangers, are a lasting memorial of their spirit and
intelligence. But those Docks are now confided to
the management of a knot of political economists, who
adjourn from the Mechanics' Institution to drive a
hard bargain for cheap cables, which set the Light-
ship adrift when she is most needed, or to propose
Bills to Parliament for increasing patronage, and
swelling the fees of their solicitor, when any goose
knows that there is no chance of the bills being ever
carried. Publicity we must have, or the Docks must
be sold. Let our merchants rest assured that, unless
the latter alternative be adopted, and the Docks be-
come the private property of joint stock companies,
managed as they would then be, they must be con-
tented with things as they are : for the Whigs will
never submit to publicity if they can help it, nor yield
up their seats at the Dock Board, until they are com-
pelled by an Act of Parliament, which shall summarily
eject them, and alter the whole constitution of the
Committee. We repeat, the Docks must be sold ; the
bond-ho!ders and rate-payers must become the pur-
chasers ; they must be managed by Committees hav-
ing a pecuniary interest in their welfare ; a tonnage-
duty must be levied for the maintenance of the Har-
bour and Lights, which must be confided to the ma-
nagement of a Committee chosen from amongst the
rate-payers, and by them; and as competition sharpens
men's intellects, facilities will soon be afforded for the
despatch of business, which will obviate all the diffi-
culties of which our merchants now so justly complain.

Our pragmatical little ex-representative, Mr. Ewart,
seems to possess a most inordinate appetite for noto-
riety. Not satisfied with the enviable degree of fame
which he has acquired by his electioneering effusions—
by his incomparable and incomprehensible epistles—
and by the numberless mortifying rejections which it
has been his fortune to encounter during his chequered
political career—not satisfied with this portion of fame,
he seizes, with a kind of morbid avidity, every oppor-
tunity which presents itself for playing the mountebank
on the floor of the House of Commons. We do not
deny that he generally enacts the character of Harlequin
creditably ; nor do we mean to say that there may not
be a slight tincture of kindness and generosity mixed
up with the motives which impel Mr. Ewart so fre-
quently to invest himself with the cap and bells. It
must be confessed that most of the debates in that au-
gust assembly " which calls itself the House of Com-
mons," (to use the language of Earl Stanhope,) are ex-
cessively dull and stupid, excepting when relieved by
some sparkling and vivacious sally from the Conser-
vative side of the House. The general tone of the ora-
tory, it must be confessed, is dull and stupid. What,
for instance, can be more insufferably dull than the
monotonous drawl of Joseph Hume ; the verbose in-
anities of Lord John Russell ; the bubble-and-squeak
ebullitions of Mr. Sheil, rivalling the discordant music
of a cracked penny trumpet ; the mock pomposity of
the Chancellor of the Exchequer; the ineffable ab-
surdities of the ballot-monomaniac Grote ; the mincing
affectation of that would-be-orator Mr. (we beg his par-
don) Sir Litton Bulwer ; or the bull-frog turgidity of
Daniel O'Connell's eloquence ? We really must give
Mr. Ewart some credit for benevolence of feeling, when
we see him so anxious, on all occasions, to relieve the
dulness which ordinarily pervades the debates in the
House of Commons. It is, indeed, " very kind of
him, very," to step into the circle, and to operate upon
the risibility of the honourable members around him
by his comical jokes and his laughable gesticulations.
Long may he continue to be the " Momus of his day !"
though we cannot avoid expressing a wish that he may
find some other arena than the House of Commons for
the exhibition of his peculiar talents.

The last occasion on which Mr• Ewart edified the
House of Commons by his singular pleasantries was
on Tuesday evening last, when he brought before the
notice of the House a motion for a select committee to
inquire into the allegations of the Wigan election pe-
tition—a petition complaining of the abduction and vio-
lence practised towards the voters at the last election.
In the course of his observations, Mr. Ewart had the
effrontery to remark, that " he thought it was the duty
of the House to interfere in this case, and recognise the '
constitutional right of voters to the free exercise of the
franchise, without being either corrupted or intimidated."
The people of Liverpool may well afford to smile
at the consummate impudence which could have dic-
tated such an expression. Of all men in the world Mr.
Ewart should have been the last to prate about " cor-
ruption" or " intimidation." Not to say anything a-
bout Mr. Ewart's last election (and there are some queer
reports in circulation at Wigan), was there ever " cor-
ruption" practised on a more gigantic scale than when
Mr. Ewart first contested this borough ? Again, was
there ever witnessed a grosser instance of "intimidation"
than that which was practised in this town on the last
occasion on which Mr. Ewart made his appearance on
the hustings in front of our Town Hall ? And yet, in
the face of the most sweeping and shameful bribery,
and of the most scandalous, base, and bloody intimi-
dation that ever characterised an election in England,
Mr. Evart has the unparalleled audacity to stand up
in his place in the House of Commons in the self-
assumed character of a political purist of the first water,
who professes to loathe " corruption," and to shrink
with instinctive aversion from the cowardly and un-
English practice of " intimidation." Risum teneatis,
amici ? How amusing it must have been to the mem-
bers of the House of Commons to have beard Mr. Ewart,

1 of all others, deprecating every undue influence over
the free exercise of the franchise—a man who, but for
the unscrupulous exercise of such influences, would
never have entered the House of Commons as the re-
presentative of an English constituency !
Mr. Ewart characterises the means resorted to at
Wigan, to prevent his return, as " disgraceful and in-
jurious," and as " entirely and totally" destructive of
the free agency of the electors. Does he forget the
" disgraceful and injurious" means resorted to by the
infuriated Popish mob at the last election in this town?
Does he forget the " injuries" inflicted upon the peace-
able inhabitants of the town by the murderous assaults
of his partisans ? Does he forget that it was neces-
sary for the police force to surround the polling-booths
with drawn sabres, in order to protect the free agency
of the electors of Liverpool ? "Oh ! Shame, where
is thy blush ?" If Mr. Ewart forgets these things,
there are thousands in Liverpool who have cause to
remember them, and who can never call them to mind
without associating them with Mr. Ewart's name.
It is a saying no less common than true, that those
who are found dilating the loudest and longest on the
necessity of preserving a strict honesty in all their
transactions, are, of all others, the most to be sus-
pected. This is the case with a certain class of self-
styled purists in the House of Commons, among whom
Mr. Ewart stands conspicuous as the facile princeps
of the corruptionists.

Of course Mr. Ewart took nothing by his motion.
The absurdity of his propositions only elicited the
laughter of the House, as they must contribute to the
merriment of the good people of Liverpool.
" When Ewart next gets up to speak,
May we be there to hear."

We have been favoured with files of Sydney papers
from February 16 to March 13, inclusive. We beg to
express our acknowledgments to the two respectable
firms that have kindly forwarded them to our office.
We shall always endeavour to show our sense of such
an obligation, by availing ourselves of the information
thus brought under our notice.

Extending as these papers do over so large a space
of time, they contain a large share of most interesting
news. We shall endeavour to select those particulars
which may be most interesting to the general reader.
There are few topics on which we dwell with greater
pleasure, than the progress in commerce, civilisation,
and religion, of the numerous colonial dependencies of
Great Britain. It may be remarked with perfect truth,
that our colonies constitute the right arm of our com-
mercial strength. In what a humiliating position would
Great Britain be placed, if she were deprived of her
North American, her West Indian, her African, her
East Indian, and her Australian possessions ! And yet
there are to be found among the free-trade philosophers
those who would wish to deprive this country of the
vast and increasing resources of our colonies. In such
a feeling we are confident the enlightened inhabitants
of Liverpool do not participate. It is unnessary there-
fore, on our parts, to offer any apology for the promi-
nence which we deem it our duty, on all occasions, to
give to our colonial intelligence.
The news from Hobart Town, which is given in the
Sydney Herald of March 13, extends to the Ist March.
It is stated that in the principal corn districts, on the
southern side of Van Dieman's Land, the grain crops
generally were more than equal to an average of seasons,
taking into consideration that a much greater extent of
ground had been appropriated to the growth of hay,
this year, than at any former period. Potatoes, tur-
nips, and other esculent roots, and what are commonly
termed vegetables, as distinguishing them from the
gramineous crops, were a general failure. The pastures
were totally burnt up, and in most parts of the colony
the stock were suffering greviously for want of water,
as well as nutritious food. On the whole, however, the
farmers had the prospect of a profitable crop. All the
wheat that had been brought to Hobart Town had been
readily bought at from nine to ten shillings per bushel,
and extensive contracts had been made for future de-

liveries at the same rates. Hay, pressed and trussed,
was readily bought at £7 10 to ship to Sydney.
Lady Franklin, the Governor's wife, who is described
as a traveller of some note and romance, purposed pay-
ing a visit to New Zealand. This is an additional
proof of the increasing civilization of the Antipodes.
We have no doubt that New Zealand will become, at
no distant period, a most thriving colony. We per-
ceive that Mr. Labouchere has announced in the House
of Commons that the government has come to the
determination to take such steps as may probably lead
to the establishment of British authority in New Zea-
land. If this be done without perpetrating any act of
robbery or cruelty towards the aborigines we shall
heartily rejoice.

The revenue abstract for the December quarter for
Van Dieman's Land had just been published. The
revenue amounted to £29,552, and the expenditure to
£34,452, exhibiting an excess of expenditure over re-
venue of £4,900, or nearly £20,000 per annum. Two
new churches were about to be erected on the island.
The price of bread was very high at Launceston. Bush
fires had been very prevalent in the interior, and great
damage was thereby done to the standing crops. There
had been a combination of seamen at the port of Laun-
ceston, which had proved highly injurious to trade.
__ .

- -
The Sydney papers contain much information on the
subject of transportation. They offer many valuable
suggestions on this important topic. Among the most
striking we notice the following :—" Use means to pre-
vent the convicted criminal from offending again ; en-
deavour to reform him, and make him fit to re-enter
society ; at the same time, make him labour for the
community—partly to pay the expense of his support ;
partly to compensate for the evil that he has done ;
and, above all, because idleness is the root of all evil."
The papers concur in recommending the strictest dis-
cipline, while they deprecate needless and vindictive
severity. It is urged with much justice that reforma-
tion ought to be the paramount object and aim of all
secondary punishments.
With reference to the introduction of Coolies into
Australia the Sydney Herald of March 6th remarks—
" We are almost tired of combatting the senseless
ravings of those who object to the importation of Coo-
lies into New South Wales. Dying, as these people are
by thousands, of famine, in the East Indies, there are
people to be found so tender-hearted as to let them die
sooner than permit them to emigrate to a country
where, by moderate labour, they may acquire every
necessary of life. Let those sympathetic individuals
who snivel over the hardships to which Coolies are (as
they say) to be subjected in New South Wales—who
rave of incipient slavery and slave trade, and who ex-
press themselves .doubtful as to the capabilities of Coo-
lies as field labourers—let such persons inquire at, or
go over, the farm of John Lord, Esq., at Williams'
River. Mr. Lord has had seventeen Coolies in
his employment for a considerable length of time on
his farm, and it is from such a man that inquiries as
to the capability of these men, and the contentment
they manifest, should be made, instead of inquiry being
made of a pack of drivellers who know nothing what-
ever of the subject, and, in proportion to their igno-
rance, are wise in their own conceit. What philan-
thropy it is which consigns men to starvation sooner
than permit them to emigrate !" Mutatis mutandis,
the preceding language is strictly applicable to the editor
of the Liverpool Chronicle and his Radical contempo-
raries. The Chronicle has been crammed with " sense-
less ravings" on the subject of the Hill Coolies. The
" tender-hearted " editor of that truly elegant and clas-
sical journal would sooner let the Coolies " die than
permit them to emigrate to a country where, by mode-,
rate labour, they may acquire every necessary of life."
The Chronicle and his radical brethren must be included
among " those sympathetic individuals who snivel over
the hardships to which (as they say) the Coolies are to
be subjected" in British Colonies. The Chronicle and
its worthy comrogues "rave of incipient slavery and
slave trade, and express themselves doubtful as to the
capabilities of Coolies as field labourers." Shall we
add that our radical contemporaries are " a pack of
drivellers who know nothing whatever of the subject,
and, in proportion to their ignorance, are wise in their
own conceit ?" However, we have no wish to send
the editor of the Chronicle to Botany Bay " to make
inquiries as to the capabilities" of the Hill Coolies ;
but we would venture to recommend to his notice the
testimony of so unexceptionable a witness as the editor
of the Sydney Herald, whom we have to thank for sup-
plying us with so appropriate a commentary on the
"senseless ravings" of the radical press of Liverpool.
The Sydney papers convey intelligence from South
.Australia to the 9th of -February. The Orleana, which

sailed from Liverpool on the sth of October, with pas-
sengers and a general cargo, was the latest arrival in
that colony. A number of emigrants from Germany
had lately arrived. It was officially announced, that
in consequence of the very great demand for land, the
resident Commissioner felt it to be of general advan-
tage to the colonists, that the period of notice for the
selection and purchase of lands should be reduced to a
a shorter interval than the customary return of one
month. The prices of bread and butcher's meat were
unusually high at Adelaide. It was a subject of com-
plaint, that many persons sent out to South Australia,
at the expense of the emigration fund, had proceeded
almost immediately after their arrival to Sydney. The
principle acted upon in the colony of South Australia
is, that unless an emigrant finds it to his advantage to
remain, he may go elsewhere if he pleases. Wages
had been high there hitherto, but were lately some-
what lower; and should they continue to decrease, it
is said that a question may arise as to the propriety
of insisting that a free emigrant refunded his passage
money previously to his leaving the province. Two
arrivals of pure Saxon sheep had taken place in South
Australia. It was anticipated that the effects of the
introduction of this invaluable stock would, in a few
years, be felt by the whole South Australian flock
masters, in the prices which their wool must com-
mand in the English market.

We have further extracts to make from these papers
which we must reserve till our next publication.

We have been favoured with the Texas Civilian and
Galveston Gazette to the 12th of April. They do not
contain any political news of importance. A great num-
ber of emigrants continued to arrive from the United
States, among whom were to be found an immense
number of negroes. The prospects of Texas are de-
scribed as most flattering. The emigrants who had
arrived were not the vicious and idle, or foreign spe-
culators, but mostly men who wished to settle perma-
nently in the country, and, while they consulted their
own, to add to the general prosperity. Galveston was
rapidly rising into a city : public buildings, hotels, and
private dwellings being erected by hundreds.

The Great Western arrived at Bristol on "Wednesday,
having accomplished the voyage from New York in
thirteen days. We are indebted to the kindness of
Messrs. Wilmer and Smith for a file of New York
papers brought by her, and forwarded by their agent
at Bristol, which reach to the 13th instant. The late
hour at which we received these papers precludes us
from giving any extended extracts.
The New York Morning Courier and Enquirer of
the 13th instant, contains the following important
intelligence from Lima :
(From the Washingtou Globe.)
The Peru-Bolivian Confederation Dissolved, and General

Andres Santa Cruz, Supreme Protector, abdicated.
From the Peruvian papers lately received, we copy the
proclamation of Santa Cruz, made at Arequipa, in South
Peru, after his defeat by the Chilian expedition in January.
" Recent events in Bolivia and at Puno demand of me
every sacrifice, to avoid the evils of civil war : I therefore
decree—

" 1. I abdicate from this moment the Protectoral autho-
rity, which I legally exercised, over the States of the Confe-
deration.

" 2. The State Government of South Peru, and the local
authorities, will continue to preserve order and enforce the
existing laws, until a National Convention shall decide upon
the future state of the country."
By another decree, General Santa Cruz resigns his Presi-
dency at Boliva ; and in an address to the people of the Re-
public, he says

.
"Do not scandalize the world, Bolovians ! by excesses,
which must bring odium upon our country. Anarchy will
destroy you if you be divided among yourselves, and yield to
the council of evil passions. Wherever Divine Providence
may conduct myself, and as long as my absence from my
native country may be rendered necessary for the general
good, I shall not cease to hope ardently for your prosperity,
which has been my only object for the last ten years."
Whilst Gen. Santa Cruz still remained at Arequipa, his
troops mutinied, and he returned to Islay,' a port on the
Pacific. He was there lodged with the English Consul,
Mr. Crompton. An attack was apprehended from the popu-
lace, and 70 men were landed from her Britannic Majesty's
ship Samarang, to protect Santa Cruz. Oh the 13th of
March he embarked, taking with him Generals Miller,
Cerdena, Riva, Aguero, Senor Garcia del Rio, Senor Iris-
arri, late Chilian Plenipotentiary, and other persons of
distinction.

The above intelligence will excite some surprise in this
country after the very confident expectations held out that
Santa Cruz would have been able to retrieve his previous
losses.

The Morning Courier and Enquirer of the Bth instant,
speaking of the circular which we published on Tuesday,
says that " it proceeds from a source. intitled from its stand-
ing, to hold the commanding language which it does on the
subject to which it relates." It then proceeds to remark—
" Considered as an attempt to obtain consignments to a
particular house, or to carry out its particular views in re-
gard to the future state of the cotton market, we should not
consider it within our province to animadvert upon it, yet if
it be regarded as a systematic plan to regulate the price of
our great staple—and its tenor warrants the conclusion that
it does—it becomes a question of high public interest, and
as such, one we are called upon to discuss. Taking this
view of it, therefore, we do not hesitate to express the opinion,
that its tendency is injurious, for it aims by a combination
of " powerful interests" to counteract the natural influence
of actual demand or consumption upon prices ; and though
this may be successful, once or twice, it must at last prove
detrimental to the planter, by inducing production to an ex-
tent which actual consumption does not warrant, and ruinous
to all who embark their capital in the visionary attempt."
We trust that this extract will satisfy the Manchester
Guardian of the authenticity of the document, which turns
out to be anything but " a clumsy forgery."
With respect to the above document, the Courier and En-
quirer of the 12th instant expressly states, on the authority
of the agent of Messrs. Humphreys and Biddle, that the
United States' Bank " had no part or lot whatever in issu-
ing it while, at the same time, it maintains that certain
details recently furnished respecting the cotton crop " form
an absolute justification of the circular."

There is no news of the slightest importance from Canada.
We subjoin the only additional extracts of consequence :
(From the Courier and Enquirer of June 12.)
NEW ORLEANS, JUNE 3.—We have been shown a letter
from Col. Bee, the Texian Minister to Mexico, dated May
16, directed to the Texian Consul in this city, from which
we make the following extracts :—" I have been passing se-
veral days very pleasantly on board the La Gloiree, a beau-
tiful 52 gun ship, commanded by M. Le Compt Laine. I
landed to-day, as Gen. Victoria expected an an answer from
Mexico by Express, and I have not been disappointed ; he is
desired to allow me to remain In Vera Cruz, until they can
consult upon the propriety of receiving me. The very fact
of my having been permitted to land, and of being treated
courteously by Gen. Victoria, Governor of Vera Cruz, is
highly favourable to Texas."—Bulletin.
(From the Courier and Enquirer of June 13.)
WEDNESDAY EVENING, JUNE 12TH.—Business of every
kind continues to present the inactive and quiet appearance
incidental to the season, and which nothing has occurred to,
day to vary. The steam ship Great Western leaves to-mor-
row on her return passage, taking out the intelligence of a
decline of fully 2 to 24 cents per lb. in Cotton on the prices
obtained at the period of the steam ship Liyerpool's depar-
ture on the IBth ultimo, and also of a declining market for
Stocks and Securities of every description, as the effect pro-
duced, on this side of the water by the advice received by the
same vessel a fortnight since. That our Cotton market, and
commercial affairs generally, will be in a great measure or
almost wholly influenced by the nature of the coming accounts
from England is certain, and until such may have reached us,
but little prospect of improvement appears to exist. The
Liverpool also leaves that city for New York to-morrow, and
may be looked for no doubt by Sunday the 30th instant. It
is to be hoped she will prove the bearer of more satisfactory
commercial intelligence than we are at present in possession
of.

Stocks have again evinced a tendency to further decline
to-day, and it will be observed by the quotations that most
descriptions closed lower. The business in Sterling Ex-
change for the Great Western has been chiefly transacted by
the United States Bank, which draws freely at 21 per cent.
premium ; on France sf. 15 is obtained, and some few sales
have been made at 40/ a 41c. on Holland, 361 c. on Hamburg,
and 811 c. on Bremen,

THE APOTHECARIES' H ALL.—We understand that Mr. J
11. Edwards, who was for many years secretary to the Liver-
pool Dispensaries, has been appointed book-keeper and
accountant to the Apothecaries' Company, in this town.
BOARD OF HIGHWAYS.—The accounts of the Commis-
sioners under the paving and sewerage act, show that the
receipts on account of paving and old sewers, including a
balance of £2465 17s. 2d. standing to the credit of the account
at the close of last year, amount to £29,667 2s. 10d., and the
expenditure to £28,053 ss. 6d., leaving a balance in hand of
£1614 17s. 4d. ; the receipts on account of the new sewers,
including a balance of £4558 7s. 9d. to the credit of the
account at the close of last year, amount to £15,767 19s. 2d.,
and the expenditure to £16,116 3s. Id., being an excess of
expenditure over the receipts of £348 3s. Ild.
Dr. M`Kenzie was unanimously elected Physician to the
North Dispensary on Tuesday last.
FORCE OF FOLLY.—UNION EXTRAORDINARY !—At
the village of Cotherstone, in the North Riding of the
county of York, may be seen the novel spectacle of a tem-
perance and intemperance hotel under the same roof. The
whole of the building is occupied, and both branches of the
business are carried on, by the same person, who, after hav-
ing gratified to their hearts' content those who choose to
partake of the " poison of alcohol," is equally ready to ad-
minister to the same individuals, at the other end of the
dwelling, refreshing draughts of tea and coffee. Persons
have been seen, at a very early hour, to stagger into " the
temperance end," after having, during the whole of the
previous night, indulged to the utmost their habits of in-
temperance.
A DEAF AND DUMB RAILWAY PASSENGER.—A respect-
able tradesman of this city, on visiting the Metropolis for
the summer fashions, purchased a DOLL for one of his cus-
tomers, who had given him a commission to do so, which in
size was as large as a full grown person. On his return home
by the Railway, he placed his silent companion (the doll) in
;sitting posture in the same carriage as himself, and to pass
a joke upon the guard, threw his great coat over its shoulders
and put his travelling cap on its head and then made it ap-
pear in every respect like a fellow passenger. Just as they
arrived at the station, the guard popped his head into the
carriage and cried out most lustily—tickets--tickets ; there
being three beside the doll, three tickets were immediately
handed to him, but the guard finding one more wantiug,
(supposing of course, the doll to be a passenger) he cried.
again,—tickets. The doll making no reply, made him sup-
pose that he was enjoying a nap, and in order as he thought
to awake him, he stepped into the carriage, and gave it a
good shake, when immediately the doll fell down—and to the
surprise and disappointment of the guard, disclosed the
joke.—Cheater Gazette,
