4

Mr. O'CONNELL said that he was in the habit of bel
ligned, and he did not mind it. He had agitated,..,_ab,
agitated successfully, against that faction which t3ebep
learned gentleman now publicly disclaimed. Bernd
hon. and. learned gentleman's merits were known •ui
was more ready to do justice to his well-known
situation he now filled than he (Mr. O'Connell) WI
tion placed him where he was, in the office of Recorde
lin, and they could place whom they pleased th,ereito
rest the Irish bar had no chance of competing w
of their choice. aua
Mr. FINN said that the magistrates of Kilkenny
their duty, and that they bad only themselves to b
state in which the county was. rae
Mr. LAMBERT spurned with the most sovereign
COl
insinuation that the gentlemen who sat around in"'
sent to that house by agitation. su
Mr. O'CONNELL said he would not press the que
division,_ but withdraw his aendment.
Mr. T. ATTWOOD rose, but was immediately tn. ter°
loud and repeated cries of ("Question.") utl
The CHAIRMAN then rose for the purpose ni P
question, when
h i 0319
Mr. BUCKINGHAM stood up, but the noise
succeeded, occasioned by coughing, and cries of
was so extreme, as to induce the hon. member to re
seat
M . U
11 Upon this 011
r. ME rose, and declared that if the hon. niebei
not allowed to express his opinion on the question Cl
house, he (Mr. Hume) would. at once move that the
to
leave the chair and report progress. Did they wish
their opponents from being heard ? had to
ai Mr.ilincRINGHA again rose, and said that he
respect for the rules of the house ever to infringe 111)°,
wittingly, and too much regard for the public time
for any lengthened period the attention of those eng°
public service. The hon. member then proceeded to
the alteration of the preamble of the bill. He cont_e:,',
it was of the utmost importance that the truth or fa',
the preamble should be decided, inasmuch as all the CO
parts of the bill depended on it. that
The Chairman then put the original question,
amble of the bill be postponed, which was agreed t°'firbt
The CHAIRMAN next put the question, that tne
stand part of the bill, and proceeded to read it as folle,;
it further enacted, by the King's most excellent .",1
and with the advice and consent of the Lords spiritua;s,
poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament
and by the authority of the same, that it shall be laW
Lord-Lieutenant, or other chief governor or govern°
land,"—
Mr. O'CONNELL here rose, and proposed, as an af,r ,41.
to insert after the word " Ireland" the following' ,95
consent or authority of the judges of the Court of l'-ito
in Ireland, or any two of them." The hon. and lei; ti
tleman said, that the object of his motion was to rnately
tion of two judicial persons, who would be imulediard
sible to Parliament for their act, necessary to the So
or suppression of meetings and assemblies. The lwild 50
learned member concluded by observing, that he bail, b
his amendment as not to render the sanction of a no,
two of the Irish judges necessary to legalize the suPr
any meceting.
Mr. STAN LEY said he had beard the amendments
by the hon. and learned member, himself a la wYel)ei
utmost surprise, because that hon. and learned metini.c4
so many occasions, in terms as just as they Were 5 601/
sated the mingling of judicial with executive floe%
now he of all men proposed to introduce an a°l°,lol
must have the direct effect of blending the judicla ore,
character. On the grounds he had stated, there
jected
M to the amendment. r of
r. O'CONNELL said that declamations in favour
servation of the constitution came with a peculiar trai
the right hon. secretary, who had done his best t,e_
fecio
the constitution, as far, at least, as it related to illy
now, by that very bill, was about to put down ebacrigat
and meetings totally unconnected with political
no
Mr.." hich
) Serjeant PERRIN objected to the transfer Ni'
proposed to make of the legislative
_power to the exqu
entertained, however, very strong doubts as to thet tby
the meetings and assemblies which were pointed the
They certainly did not come within the scope ° ail
law, and the danger of their continuance conseq,,ii tir
with the government, which was subjected t° I
which such a state of things naturally excited.
however, it would be more injudicious, and P3°,-wer'
dangerous to liberty, to vest the judges with the I) cor'
dieting meetings, than to transfer that power at
Lord-Lieutenant. has
Lord Amioap observed, that he should hardly „
that the hon. and learned gentleman needed to 131%
so much about the constitution, on the subject ° 3

was a suspension of the constitUtion.
Colonel DAVIES looked at the clause with considero3o
as it invested a lord-lieutenant with very arbitrar): Vol
Mr. PE.TEIt said (as far as we could unders,tri
question was, whether it was necessary to strengu'r-wliej
of the government of Ireland beyond the law, %and
present system of agitation shouhrbe suffered to°i~OP,
man was a greater enemy than he to arbitrary l'T' ietd
power of this kind was necessary to enable the on c
ant to act with vigour against the system of agitate
in
Mr. Ireland.
O'CoNNELL complained of the deplorahtl°o.gt
ignorance of the hon. member, in supposing tha (Con'
stated was really the question before the house'd be f
noise.) The question was, whether there shoal ers of
slavery in Ireland. (Hear.) Would the frarehaant
mitigate this clause, or must the Lord Lienit'ea ?
power to declare what meetings should take T',inist.
to hear the talk about aeitation. 'The present 'they
this charge with admirable mock-modesty, wheil,ear.)
selves been aided by agitation. (Hear, hear, 13y
they sit there.? (Cheers from the opposition.)
(Cheers.) now di
Lord PALinERSTON hoped the house wouldthe
tention to the clause under consideration, and thatr.)
be no attempt to add fuel to.the fire. (Hear, be 4 of
Mr. Simi. would adopt the recommendat'°- ocean
lord, who was an admirable pacificator on alii°tereljol
now came forward to mediate between two be-lraq.ile.ds
In former acts there were exceptions of chariers eili
but here there were no exceptions, Hon. ineelnrectie,,l/i
at the idea of 150 orphans being deprived of P.
no.") What might take place under this h"'',o;
trary secretary than they had now got might c°
not 'the orphan meetings be prevented? nlensf
Mr. O'DwirEtt said that by this act the Pecti'tehe
were deprived of the protection of the law, ;Laps' "-
an unmitigated despotism, or mitigated all
character of the men'they were subject to.
dicey;"
The amendment was negatived without a tot
original clause agreed to. at 1
• t'e reljr
On the clause empowering the Lord Lieu e el L
" any body of persons" from assembling ui..401 re3(y
calculated to lead to a breach of the peace ben't, that
Colonel DaviEs proposed as an amendni9;"
should obtain only in "proclaimed districts:
ca the rR
Mr. STANLEY objected to the amendolen"fnrcing to'
•its effect would be the temptgt wbie" v—in ftet is not e.cas
state of disturba
Lieutenant to proclaim a distinric `8-
nce. The main object of the the chi
pression of those agitation schemes which wererato fo(.
of the disturbances in Ireland. Now, th.
mischievous agitation was the city of Dubbi,l; foul
ee
free from disturbance (loud cries of "Hear_ent w)
nell ;) so that if the gallant member's amenu_oeiaiin ta
the Lord Lieutenant would be forced to beinkce
that is, prevent its peaceable inhabitants !refl. /none,
houses after sunset and before sunrise. invested
recollect that the Lord Lieutenant Would "c for dis Pee
powers, each distinct from the other--°u
hnef the Peaacbl
prohibiting meetings tending to a
bird brew' r the est
courts
o-martial.
aitsetsruictt.hraened
other, and it by no means followed
t tie also establis.
proclaimed that courts-martial should ke an alteraV
Then, ministers were prepared to Ina einnving all V t
clause which would have the effect or
tical offences, in even a proclaimed dis,lt.
tam ro be
cognizance of a military
.tribunal, leay!le)._r.)
ail
tr
• bon' gent ,
by the ordinary civil jurisdiction. (II 0
Mr. O'CONNELL begged the theghtLord Lieutenan.,3
mind that if, on the oue hand, undisturtbev,
forced by the amendment to P
r"
.ct districts inigh r
the inhabitants of those undisturbe
d to folio'
clause as it stoo
other hand, forced by the clau,
that their l'";.:i.
pursued in the disturbed ones, seei
nlptiori from despci.
duct did not insure them an
exentleman that the fo
admission of the right hon•. g
in disturbance, Was a
_parielitt_Y„,
tion was perfectly
freefrom
assertions of its fr
on the bill and the unfoundedc".tation with disturb
triLstod
porters, which identified agitation
t the clause as whit'
ic tL alto the j
i
that
Mr. BEAuMONT would support
It'n Ll° va
he conceived it necessary to P
rt
tation which was the curse of 1 e
Thos,,
its folly
'ts antidote in
"marauders
man's charge carrie
dto call ma
hon. gentleman hadd presurae
Mr. O'CoNNELI felt that the naalignit of the 11:1

ul every conventional qualification-r-not to say
Mittnanwnnents, natural or acquired. The atts
Illenib
e- was as uncalled for as it was absurc

.0e
that
el 3e,
ali eUushsLteL: opposed the amendment.
LestatuT considered it necessary to pass the
present stood, because political agitation had 1
tv:hich was utterly incompatible with good go'
WhichHe felt it necessary to offer his explanat
)(IL he intended to give, because he knei
rr exposed to imputations in Ireland.
. koltaiszstAs'spoke against the amendment.
•,,, PursisEr.4. expressed his surprise that the hon
, l'°r (XL Lambert) should complain of pot
TOuse hi
et , hbaedi
being
oat
Catholic,been f for agitation
would
not
orte shp;
• .410,1 •
tinn ~ l'EuT observed, that although he appro%
he ---u-sltecti, ng the Catholic question, it did I
ad. (He
ar.)rove of the agitation at present pre'
h IP
eCti,-1 ni,au, Mr. Walker, and Mr. Dominick Br(
tm -„-„La cal use, on the ground that it was nec
'L r""u agitation, which had reached an
at
1.. ttudinent was then negatived.
dent,l.l, said, that he wished to propos
a„,:i. that the rem, ainder of the clause after
't--011. assembly" should be omitted, but he fe
eetlxh.austed. He had now been actively engage
Pa fi.,STlTnhee five o'clock, and he had not physical !I
ilevisono-ifT,e,euriisZttidloerththeecsleaucsirecbueminstgances,
postponed he hopedt l t e
1141010..dp,,,(.r0cie.
,t,igrwreieessasso.,,fo:,.D'lvidHei,.) moved that the chairms
le tokurtnnip
It. o.a decision upon the clause.
Is it CeNNELL withdrew his amendment.
expressed a wish that the commitl
utlivEN then moved that the chairman re
EiweTtoxs,ELL put it to the house whether the I]
ar, he,sto be allowed opportunity of defending tho
at -sat.) He had an amendment to propose to tl
itssitohilat late hour he was unwilling to commen
If; I.,°ItING thought it was too bad that the whole
ilbecnse should be stopped because the hon. an
tt"Pl„att:seitaaAadtiveexohfatuhsetepeleaohpilme.self by attending a politi
lillg• (Hear, hear.)
iainti COXNELL denied that he had shown any sy
ltk t°ll bend said that he little expected such a s
1., 0 n
lade upon him by one who boasted tha
hied ~,'lThoap thought it unreasonable in the
0.
eitls'uelliber to ask the chairman to report prob.
it. use under consideration was disposed of. (He,
I% Ow "01vs;ELL accused the hon. member for
Per, •1g) with having been guilty of needless and
(,4.,,1a1ity towards the hon. and learned memebie. ri
li_tek '),:,.11,r ) ; but he advised the hon.
.m!mb
ei
I'. f6' ne might subject himself to a similar p
itc.tear.) - -
Uoit
Itelf ING said that the hon. and learned met
Ita, 4,llllitted twenty times in the course of that ]
Ite Vhausted. With respect to personal attacks,
!lehePse whether the hon. and learned membei
t,ted -I; n°l4 into personalities against every men
Arts Itinl; him and endeavoured to browbeat him
'r. (..' 11`°11s• ' (Hear, hear.)
141,11;14 It TER understood the object of the ni
Ise,
ado
ailt hciainv:ttewhcileahushee rheladd,alir;aodrydedr teo ei
i.
l
the co
!It(led ,Peted pro forma. The discussion ofesthe
441. uld take place on the next day of
etilel4lZfLorsathid hcehawiormaladnntoot,ruepopornt
Lemma abort dis a -on upon the effect of the
1)t111,,t: it Was elOsysied by Mr. Stanley. Its obji
7, tl-..oe—°,llhs whoinshould violate the enactments o
tphraotgr under .
- T bnl,4
ligs-,,s'Qaud lib4taNineadn lethavee
rile aw. punished according to the ordin,
thq aidie4Ment having been adopted,
)„I._ ti 41,1,4 .
jurisdiction of the courts-martial,. .
i-,,118 i ADVOCATEitnenti brought in a bill to regula
-()Iatillt*8 ""and. Read a first time, and ordered I
an,
o_. _ .
kit 11 u Vriday. mtoostiitenagaoifuLoaorld,rAidlathyo.rp
k,,r';'iti4:eis gave notice, that he would on Friday r
41h8tee rei tie arrestersta ade tuon
• —4the,fat,erders of the day being disposed of, I
.141. ~, glif-p.st one o'clock.
;ill('
118.tlit.ZuenoittT,18alabwbsat.h
REGISTERINGddeetahye Reformthe ex BARRISTERS.
eeßnislel.s ineurre
ig !,,',;took, THURSDAY, MARCH Id. _ t
404,--",,,, not spresented a petition front Truro
for
a
lita it
°J. tlit'—ule-Mar'tvr, London, complaining and r from
from
the
th sea
pmaen.ps
hl aecse
of o rp.s.tc
•S44'Viartte their property in the land-tax
tot
r, ookt with the wish of the petitione ..
4111e1f)r1;a4let.sktesedi11111alci.ntataxined. that it would be very unfai
o have i
from t.
Phi eh- itil. '''LL had a petition to present ,
4\ibiillisht„de(leied:!tahsouptraenpavriendjutroysthoorhethhaotldtehres
.ionfethquaat.
ul) -is W 4 4irmar of better observance of the Sabi
Bhen,"%.Bn;Llgned bya persons of all parties and pe
'l'', VI —eMber Was proceeding to support the
G it AL 1r he Was called to order by
taste spe;ItObLEY, on the ground that the. radio
~I,e,„l°' th -::,"" °n the presentation of petitions wa
!atic),,s'„ Aset,i4ne of the house. (Hear, hear.)
tt
ittt,:Z,,aifriliia):Areosreienyt,edf.rpoeratitißolshforopsmgattheLe.wectoteheooirnit-hv
'l4- in favour of the Factories

k(1‘t:;:::
j;,6eradviiziocetoetfosteh.tited a priitiotilvfri?omr Aberdeenp
'11;ff1t11°1111°N ----
----
-..-------- ------
ti' bh,„11(1 from s:let ; f, Preorsaairbbaths.byteiie s in Scotland
h "41 'able • ELI. said that he had given notice of a
,Nil.liore ;1111Dortance to Ireland, and which had
.••vietkittt tha'llitiortant by recent circum§tances ; but
t''. 41t)ti:t% for
..11011se many reproaches thrown out aga
~ h, teethe bilTasunling so much of the public time,
tt,silo isiness of the people of England being
Ilithktfill,, aid on that account, though himself kno
V ,Ite hasdiessness of those reproaches, postpone t
t‘irthit, fix for to-night till another opportunit
s gethteether business was postponed, in order to i
••,,k1,1,,,1, 4ssitoluvonfitit,hoeonhouirtiohuoltHefcoormium(llirTeulaEn.d) bi
7111';;4011(SteNentoarcodsaid it was impossible for him to folk
postpone his motion. The malts
iNti". ctbe !lightest delay would prove a serious i
• j"Le }I'M. Parties for whorale appeared. othei
1 44etteitAtetition from the corporation of Liverpool
th4t°4l; ‘Y counsel before the committee on the b
:Y tilt Detitl4l it was now his intention to more tlitt
111 helleeee:',4 be complied with. It was not his d
'tit,itnelet)! delay should be occasioned by this pi
t9aelseer ph„' willing to agree to any arrangemei
ti.fitt • -111, 'Y from having the assistance of more
%et ,51 tiv „haeble lord concluded by moving that 1
t4trt, w'e Livee":,?l be heard, either ti themselves o
4e th "soN 0„"ii borough committee.
. • 118id„„e•Inisabgesed the motion,, on the ground tha
i'illit.`lsr,ble exaret,'e,ation of the corp o,rate funds,
.and
,;',J,„'citot.t. :". the proceeding of the committee
f ;`the-alinoti,,;allllortc•d the-inotion. He knew tha
°lite tll,l4ltnens`,„`3 0m witnesses had been issued, and I
Ole ()nttil'it-- raa•es of evidence which would be in
il!,),'aiittittrp,):..ltteit,,aB,,ioecitn.hca ,iedr..:vtlaaeeltxso-ta.:eetnoloie.n:scteaholte.ruiceledite
dieidc, i ttbo
,e satisfac t o r i 1 y invest
leti,ll) woult:ipaaid-that ,tite. proposition of the n
1:11,
Its x
siv_n.4inilteereodf.
ctohoiintos:thllyel
ythlDersou aeerDerted the motion, because he tho
oepa
unnecessary.dpot iontdelay
ofa
etteloWed an p,,118,,e4„ef so heinous an offence as bribe
pk 110.a.e Wii.°6l.l4lility of defending,himself.
litrist th„e'rt's thouglit the Ciise which wank
pr"( 1. liree2Sity f4.7Latien of Liverpool so flagrant, I
14:DOhititNcrt cono.ir employment of counsel.
that ,the, object of :the nol.
Itti,„N the Which had I,('Nv impediments in the way of i.
` "!Ntt ,e house, aft,"tt before:the house for three
It k'o the attendahDointing nominees, would ni
ti.4,e w. RIDI,Ey--:e of COUUSeI.
AtNilt i3t()
sable ouu`Nretted; that
.the committee
, e il(lea ..Atember,
Alt lege],
of %IL -..
1 \ptte44:: Constitution.
l'It)
nvestigations should b
whagot t:ll,ledir Inexperienced member
al that he belonged to the C 4
tl4iot. b. i,,of coluiset. vv le also expressed an op;
-41 • .inavßy , as unnecessary.
seutleme as of Opinion that the presen,
n would be of great advantage to

....imiiiiiftm
