WEST INDIA RUIN.

Week after week we have the melancholy duty imposed upon
us of confirming all the foreboding prophecies- of ruin to our
West India possessions which we uttered nearly a year ago;
for week after week intelligence arrives which makes the dark
accounts of former news still more gloomy. Amidst all this,
when we would have the utmost harinony suosisting between the
legislatures and the governors Of the islands, when firmness and
union are most imperatively necessary, we find in Jamaica, the
most important of all our colonies, the Marquis of Sligo at is-
sue with the house of representatives on a question of vital im-
portance—viz., the appointment of an additiOnal number of
stipendiary magistrates. The negroes—we beg their pardon.
the apprentices—refuse to do any sort of work, and, not content
with leaving the crops to rot, are committing every species of
depredation and crime. In this state of things the appoint-
ment of a sufficient number of magistrates ought to be made
without one moment's delay;—but the Marquis of Sligo states
in reply to a request to that effect, made most earnestly by the
house of representatives, that he cannot do so without sending
home for permission and instruction, the slavery abolition act
not allowing him to make any more special magistrates ; al-
though in the very same breath, in the very same reply, the
marquis says that he has appointed some! Now if he could ap-
point any, why not appoint a sufficient number? If the crea-
tion of special magistrates is against the act of parliament,
wlierefore did he create any? However; we are not so much
disposed to blame the Marquis of Sligo as those humanity-
mongers who, heedless of misery at home, kept parading with
• the diligence and cant of so many Matowornts, the wretched con-
dition of the blacks—that condition being one of poesitive com-
fort, their proprietor being compelled to furnish them with it
house, food, clothing, medicine, a garden-plot, and a support in
old age ! All this the negroes have lost, and our beautiful
.island-empire of the west is doomed to fall into the desolation
and misery of St. Domingo! All they want is a Toussaint.—
Age.
