.
~.
,
.
•
4
.. .
.. THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.
.
. ...... ....,., •. .......•,, _
_. .........,........_.........,........._.. .
.___________ . ____ _ __
- - e _____
. .. ~..
'. though. the word " peaceful" was foisted in afterwards;) than £lOO,OOO. Of the advances to customers, a great Portion are spade was covered with a film of copper The Irishman when NEW FABLE OF THE WOLF AND THE LAMB.
pottrp.
. and, finally, the learned gentleman's grave assurance to, believed to be on the stiourity of its own sharea, the reo"very of he saw this metamorphesis thought th.lt ti .., fa •e 1.,•„/I ' u d
,
count his spade into gold. This' excited atjen 1 it'n'i, ailild sii wast fortit'ieisd
- - - '''' the credulous beings whom he imposed u 1 M
pon, t tat r. which is not to be calculated on. It is admitted in this ac
tthhatsthe discrepancY struck the_ directors which existed between :hat any piece of bright iron thrown into ihe water w. /it'd attract (Front the Speech of Dr. Cooke, at the Belfast Festival. )
- COME II OM E. Richard Shell, another Jack -the-Giant-Killer, had cont- atetnent gtven and the evidence of the London agent be- coeper After this, pieces of scrap iron were thrown into the The gentry remind .me of Ihe well-kuwn fable of the shell-
,
mitted such havock on tory nerves in the House of fore ;he joint-stock bank committee, yet with these and other waiter- io precipitater the cooper and it is slid tha'. the cop er
•
(BY AN AMERICAN LADY.) -
Commons as to noike Sir Robei•t Peel and Lord Stanley causes or suspicion, on mere verbal in-format ion. they consented obtained by this mode, exi.cced'ed in value 'that e slracted. frpoin herds, the dogs, the wolf, and the sheep. Once on a time-when
you can discover yourselves-a eoodly flock of sheep and lambs
quail in his presenee, and rather sit still a whole evening the ore. Sulphate and nitrate ot copper are etaploved in the •- . . • • .
I were grazing iti a meadow ; they' belonged to careful shepherds,
Come home !- to advance half a million, and have in consequence become en-
tangled farther with the concern to the extent of as much more compulition of many of our pigments. Tnere is a remarkable
Would I could send my spirit o'er the deep, tnan expose theinsidves to the terrors of a castio-ation
who tended them by day, and by watchful dogs. who guarded.
at least. The directors, therefore, now stand in this diieuolla peculiarity about nitrate of copper which appi-airs capable of a
Would I could wing it, like a bird, to thee, from that dealer in rhetorical artifices ' Oh 1 oh! on I— i them by night. In a neighbouring mountain there lived a park
with the sound and reflecting men of business in the city-that simple and satisfactory expladation. If we t ake pure nitrate
To commune with thy thoughts, to fill thy sleep
of gaunt and hungry wolves, and they uted to approach the
Times.
they were either imprudent beyond all conception in the trans- of copper reduced to powder, and fold it up in tin foil, no action
- With these uuwearying words of melody.
sheep, and look at them till their • teeth watered, anti longed to
Brother, come home! ---..eastas-.. action, or that they had motives fur this transaction which aro will take place, but if water be previously epriukled upon it, !te picking their bones. • (Hear.) But their longing was all
. •
not yet fully apparent. The plea of generosity and a desire to a singular effect will be produced. The water will in a few
Come honael- The property of the Church (says a eorrespondent of
n vain. Some were killed by the shepherds, and others worried
,
minutes boil, and minute sparks of firs. will be ejected from the
Come to the hearts that love thee, to the eyes. the Weekly Dispatch, a radical paper) is the property of protect the public will not avail them to the extent which they
by the dons and not a pick of mutton could be .•ot in all Wolf-
' That beam in brightness but to gladden thine; imagine; and they very well know, that if the winding-up, as it extremity of the coil. Our tests for the detection of copper
Come, where fond thoughts, like 'holiest incense rise, the people at larne ; it would be unjust to put it on a is nut unlikely to do, should leave them with a very large defi• are very few in number but very satisfact or . They are sol - land, wheelie'. fin love or money. (Hear, hear 7) At last, ,ine
old politic Wolf, with a very long tail-(laear, and a laugh) -
Where cherish'd memory rears her altar's shrine. footing with the endowments of the Dissenting Chapels, ea, the assigning of such a motive would be very coldin received tions of ferro-cyanudret Of potassium,
.whhi'Ch
.gyives a rich cho.cao-
Brother, come home!
resolved, for the love he bore to Wolf-land and himself-(hear
which are held, in trust, for specific purposes. It is to all at the next court of proprietors. Any man who is aware of the late pi ecipitate, an of ammonia, whic yeilds a blue premise-
hear)-to attempt a conciliation with the sheep. He, accord:-
Come home i-
nature of public bodies will say, that they never are nor can be tate. Either of these will indicate very minute quantities of
intents and purposes, National Property. It is not in
•ngly, put on a rook as innocent as any lamb and whispered,
Come to the hearth-stone of thy earliest days,
. , • actuated by any such motives. The directors appear them- copper in solution. We have many eery valuable alloys of
Come to the ark. like the o'er-wearied dove, his character of a reli • - '
gionist teat a man nas a claim on selyee to be alread 'lel fth • hat may attend co .
y seni e o e corisequences t 'mei, perhaps the best known are brass, bell metal, and gun lin a voice as sweet as any Miss in her teens*, and addressing
Come with the eminent of thy heart's warm rays, the Church and its. Revenues ; it i 3 as a member of the this Step; they betray fears that having established the nreee- metal It will be re nembered tint it was stated in a former himself to one of them in Irish. (Hear, and a laugh.) I lui-
Come to the fireside.circle of thy love.
aot to tell you he was an Irish wolf and therefore entitled to
Brother, come home! community. The Church of England is the property of dent in assisti•ng this.' hank, the; will be compelled to go on ; lecture:in early times' the alloy ca'lled brass was not the brass u'se his na• tive tongue. Well, as I to,ld vo'n, address'ing himself
Come home 1 every Englishman. Our opinion, then, is, that, in the and they declaim loudly, at the same time, against the general of modern times, but it was an impure copper, alloyed with tin, to her in Irish, "• Arial' Savournha Veetish," says he, I'm come
rottenness of the joint-stock bank system, the propping up of which funned a very durable and hard alloy. In the scriptures,
It is not home without thee-the lone seat present stir about Chut•ch-rates, this consideration ap -
to put the comehither upon you, and settle a perpetual leaeue,
Is still unclaimed, where thou wen wont to be ; pears to be lost sight of. Dissenters deem an Established which they now apprehend most fall upon them. In fact, it is brass is described LIS being exceedingly hard, aonoruus,..an‘d defensive aud offensive, between you and our family. The dick,
In every echo of returnina feet, evident that they are now convinced that, being
.placed betw,een durable. Now copper is by means sonorous, having very int,te
In vam we list for what'should herald thee. Church a grievance ; but surely there is no grievance a choice of evils, they have selected the worse et the two. fhe elasticity, nor is it hard or comparatively durable. Brass in 1 should have told you, belonged to farmer Williams-(hear,
hear)-and he was accustomed to mark their sides with three
Brother, come home ! to have our countty studded with beautiful edifices—it is disclosures which will be made of the management of the North- modern times is made of an alloy of pure copper, and pure orange streaks-(immense cheering)-to distinguish them from
Come home! no grievance that a portion of the " fair face of nature" ern Bank in the course of the inquiry which has just begun are zinc. It is true that in Rome, brass was made by an admixture his neighbour Peter's, who usually tied a ribbon around the
We've mined. for thee, the sunny buds of Spring.- has been kept out of the rent-rolls of our aristocracy. very eagerly looked for. It is now said that the managerSt in of irnpure copper, with the earth called cadmium, which we necks of his flock. (Hear hear.) Well, the poor sheep seeing
Watched every gem a full-blown flow'ret rear '•
the interval between the first and second application to the call calamine, an impure ore of zinc. In this country brass is
Saw o'er their bloom the chilly Winter bring . The venerable piles are ours, the endowtnents are ours
sometimes made by mixing the impure o thet wolf docile soirocent, 'and hearing it whisper so low, could
Its icy garlands, and thou art not here. and the tithes are only so much deducted front the land'- Bank of England have sold four of the branches This of itself
Vlas an infractim; of the original contract; thai a falling con- copper and charcoal. Bell metal contain:etitnif :iiit(llezitti:niti.::.(ei no ,in civility, le use to hold a palaver through the rails of the
Brother, come home !
fold. " Cushla Machree"-(a laugh)-says the wolf, there's
lords' rents. These are not g-rieva.nces. Would it be- cern should find purchaseis is, however, by no means new in with copper. Gun metal is called brass, but bless is too Pratte
fnaomt hi
ti
itei gs : oanti
dedat rot I. i.p
rI 0 wv-
ei s
inh
ys osinme
eu
1%1; ya, sif ian.ritserie.caoduyrsteo by eo.t wdeoewnn oounr
Come home ! nefit the people if the churches were left to moulder into baulking affairs.- Tiinen. for such a purpose. It is an admixture of copper and tin in the
.
Would I could send my spirit o'er the deep
proportion of 9 parts of copper to 1 of tin. Copper utensils,
Would I could wing it, like a bird, to the; ruins, like the abbeys, priories, and monasteries of the ,
for domestic purposes, are dangerous, when acids are introduced my.knees an pray for your co-operation in some important
To commune with thy- thoughts, to fill thy s'leep 16th century ? Would it be beneficial even that the vo- projects for our common benefit. And what may these projects
With these unwearying words of melodi. A POPULAR COURSE OF CHEMISTRY, AT THE ato them, to preyent this, it is usual to tin the interior surface be ?sa ts the sheep. Why, then, says the wolf, do but consider ,
• . • luntary principle should collect the ruins and build con-
Brother, coine home !
MECHANICS' INSTITU'VION. of such vessels. The operation of tinning is very simple. the dog3s; they are ravenous, noisy animals; they eat half your
vent icles with them ? We think not. Here is a vast ac- The copper is rubbed over with A solution of muriate of am-
- meat and woun allow you your natural rest through the night
cumulation of national wealth ; here are temples in
LECTURE MIL amnia, (sanammoniac) after which it is heated and rubbed over with 'their barking. Musha-(a laugh)-many's the time I
CON7'EMPORARY PRESS. which we may worship our God, and learn our duty to pitch. The utensil is then brought to the temperature of wished their noisy throats were cut. (Great cheering and
, On Saturday evening Mr. Hemming delivered the last of his with
melting tin, and rubbed over with block tin, when the tin ad-
__....
our neighbour. The whele is ours. kVlty should we interesting lectures at the conclusion of which he was greeted laughter.) Then, as for the shepherds, see how they drive you
.heres to the copper, and the pitch renders it of an uniform thick-
'Ministers have begun to try what looking big as long give it up? Do we think that die wealth is ininnitonslv out and close you in so that we can seldom get time to en-
with the wannest ap'plause by his numerous audience.
rfiless. Now, although this coating of tin is exceediugly super-
as they can will do for a preliniinary to the opening of disposed of, or that the buildinns are desecrated I?
If sji, joy a dish of disco'urse with one another-a taught-then
We hzeve to consider in 'this lecture the two metals, copper
ecoial,eirt. is sufficient to prevent any action of the acid upon the they confine you in what field they think proper, without
the campaign in the House of Commons. Their last we should not renounce our proPerty, but complain of its and lead, for the production of which England is highly and
rhymehor reason ; an'el, after all their insults and injustices,
Sunday school lesson concludes with these words :---e-" We s(utetolcyLerrtai.tettl.thoipir &Eri::, tetrtiafoubt(ll
un,?:(.3ltve:tcr)facs(t.re
gad, as well as eopper, is found in most parts of the world.
abuse. Tile Whigs did intend to abolish Church-rates,
ttyr iiwzir. )71;y !t1 eeocoed iiittil ireiaokfeticieosaetstiolf it. eil.grah,i!ieetdine feel
Lead and copper are fuund mineralized with almost every other
have more than ordinary pleasure in stating, that in the by substituting. for them., in some shape or other, a grant %'eall'aild itnrelleysea'; yet 200 rears 'an.' ol coppe. r pylritee, fronm-
nnueralizing agent. Lead has seldom or ever been found in its ;outh to the fleecnor bilisirfess, and nowitevsi•-el, twhrfleecil:n ITU):
acipPOßChing session there will be the most perfeet union ()tit of the national revenue, by which a stop would have which the greatest portion of the metal is now obtained, was
among the reformers of all classes, and consequently a heen.put to all refusal of Church-rates. 'lle right of thrown away by the miners in their search after tin, for the art rtilveametallic state.;
.Itt is generally foun.dle•asda sudlphuret of siness is bread (bled )to me. (Hear, hear, and a laugh.) gßut
determined opposition
_to their enenniese the Tories
loct reducinigtiit to metallic copper does not -appear to have been ;I aorw-w e etiliamv
ep opuenrdh,
i., si less
vn:talmn
aeb
item rola' eds ,In Vs esai n 4..reattir)iltlauirn. surely, replied the sheep, your family have done, and are still
•inentiozeTett2cinstaioter: disposed to do, injuries to ours. 'Don't you say a sheep must
in"latiniod: vestrymen to limit their amount would have been,' in ef-
by a previous passage; it appears tl t il
la_ " _me ce i feet, centralized in the Chancellor of time Exchequer. nino•s'tv(tliffi c till t eoef(l'agtreirall:ritt:,rietsdre-vtoiontshiy s tat oil,. are the as in any part of the world, and the mode of reducing the mineral rerrbleat., buLl)lootcleeamloi; it not one of your laws, that none
enemy must assuredly be defeated in his efforts to dis- A salutary parochial control would have been condensed It will be remeinbered that it lias been in this country is equal to any known. The ore is reduced to ou family s
_ld b all ed to live above a twelvemonth ?
the state of pow-der, and washed in the usual manner and then
unite Reformers for the purpose of tritunpliine over the into the aye or no of a parliamentary committee, and riser times, before the art of reducing iron was known, all
erolasten, to drive off the arsenic and the sulphur. 'Lime and Ay, ay, that, agralt, says the wolf was the law in the old times-
' anise to which all Reformers are attached." 'Now, let weapons and implements were made -of an alloy of impure and the law, I must acknowledee, can never change; but the
every soul in the kingdom would have become a compul-
,••hrubroent aocfeoleuasdmaa,titde raas
srrstcointstatiansed i n threhefur niacbe wi th. tn e s ?till-
the-public think for one moment to what extremities these sory Church rate payer, without the privilecse of askin,s, copper and tin. More than 200 years ',leo tin was exported to wulves themselves are changed altogether entirely. (Hear,
Rome for Ile purpose of manufacturing rhis alloy. Indeed, so ihe lime, forminn sulphate of limwen'and then C•')(tnerennutwteitahwttlie ,and a laugh.) But have you not still very dangerous tusks
poor devils must have been driven before they could have "by what compulsion ?" We are glad to observe that great.o.v:is t igegpi..irt, that it is.sopoosed that islat!dacquired it,s and talons? added the sheep. Look now, said the wolf, open-
carbon, forming carbonic acid, whilst the pure nrietal sinks to
aqemeted to palm upon the people of England such ne- this.intention to hunibti, us is referred to a' Church-rate appclia ion et iiiitain from this circumstance- Brach tan,- the bottom and is run into moulds in the form of pigs and thick in..g his mouth from ear to ear; look into my mouth and you
faelOus nonsense as is comprehended in the above few
eill see I have been with the dentist, and he has extracted my
meetings, and denounce'd. We much heicr'tliat the Go- meaning the laud of tin. In South America large masses of
sheets Lead 's ore of the softest of all metals; it is softer than
lines. •
copper are found looking like meteoric iron, which are supposed 11 f the.m, tvA th-e exception of the newly-discovered bases to dog-tusks, and filed my whole mouth as smooth and flat as the
vernment of this country will turn the present emettla
of meteoric origin. and centain nickel. Indeed, masses of iron grinders of a horse in his seventh year. Put in your pretty lit-
We are assured of " the most perfect union" among
tahenalkalies and earths. It is a very malleable but not a very
against Church-rates into a pretext for extendine their %aye I beveentiefoeundd in
.th 7 grouod which lead us to suppose that tle foot now and feel how smooth they are-na laugh )-and as
th Reformers of all classes. Very well. Do the Whig
7;1
riettia•eat!ti:ead fluuiodn sttiiit,i:v2esp rift) ts of ductile one. In this it differs from copper, whic'h is ver duct'ile
atrocious centralizing and commissionetship system.-
for the nails that you have heard so much about, why they're
anthisters call themselves " Reformers ?" if so, we must as well as malleable. It melts at the teenperature of 5903 degrees.
That systent is already a greater grievance than the tcne Tee t are IfloueniCi osfistenaildlfirsild fidliaml7s asyt
,tirciesi of a Ilt,:bio
eßsehdbreast !
It has much metallic lustre, but this is soon lost by its combin-
infer from their manifesto one of two things-either that Church rates. We declare that we would rather pay an Copper is found in all parts of the eorld, but no whnerrealeae lag whith the sulphuretted hydrogen of the atmosphere. It is reph ,d h
0 Item' soe:ii:' snerte-
for•the sake of this " perfect union" they, the ministers abundant titan in Cm•nwall and Anglesea. It is found in small ikiery fair, bui still Pm itzfraid to fru.st m'o(iis.:
, annual rate of threepence in the pound, than have the said t
lett in gngland alone we reduce aboot 48,000 tons of lead
quantities in the Isle ef Man, and an island near Guernsey. tle that point, said the wolf, for as yyou doubt my honest word,
liage wholly abandoned their opposition to the ballot, secular affairs of the Church manaered bv one of thei annua y. , y exposure to heat, two oxides of lead may be
hoUsehold suffrage, an elective peerage, short parlia- odious bureaax of centralization. 'one feels almost ars Almost all the copper ore found in Cornwall is sent to Swensea
Ilel teafke three tons of coals to formed. Some persons suppose that we have three oxides. By I'll give you my book oath. ( Hear, and alaugh.) That's quite
a new view of the matter, added the sheep, so let me hear what
..
rt oe
dbeee
er eodnu
ec et (..1 ,n f
oo
fr
et
oh i s rea s o nt,
i ISt wtli rtbaott:eitmwooroelirrentoomitmcalotrot
,exposing melted lead to the action of the atmosphere it will be
silents, with one or two other trifling modifications of the much reluctance to give up a little parochial power, or
you will swear. Then, said the wolf,
covered almost immediately with a blue film. This blue film,
monarchy, and will co-operate with their revolutionary local interest of any kind, as one would to drop a bonne export one ton of coP)pPee; to Swansea,
if raked off, forms the protoxide or massicot of commerce. This dtoeswear that I will, to the utmost of my power, defend
fellows in reali.zinz all such " reforms ;" or that the Ra- boache if a parcel of hungry curs were velpino• about three tons of coal to Cornwall. Different portions of a c(Jper ::,:iasrhgeedcituoT=, in the reduction of the galena ores, th. :slet li
lin, ent of property in this ' meadow,: as by law (` of this
dicals, to wit Sir W. Moleswori It, Mr. Grote, Mr. Joseph one's legs. Let not the Churchwardens comph'iin that mine are let ont by the proprietors to certain individuals, and
.t the silver from the lead. In this case sheepfo ( ) established. I soleinnly disclaim, disavow, and ab-
Hdine, and the Irish faction of O'connen, woulfe,Sheil. they cannot discharoe their duties for want of Church- telrybengage to. get the ti..e.at so much per cent. uputi the value iti i I lei el: di
silver is extracted by heating it intensely, until all the lead is jure any intention of subverting the established ' right of entry
,„
,
t c metallic ore. 1 his takes place periodically perhaps
.converted into what is called dross, or the protoxide. In this to the lamb's paddock.' And I swear that I will never use any
' and Co., have agreed to make a burneotfering of the said rates ; for most assuredly, if they do, their Churchwar- weekly, monthly, or so on, The miner then provide's I • way the operation is continued of raking off the oxidation until Privilege / am, or mav be poseessed of, to weaken the ' Lamb-
ballot, Ssc., and hely ministers eo. maintain the constitn- denslii ps will be Pounced upon by a ravenous pack of men tu procure it.. The first step is to bore the rock, ansdisthevrin kin's health,' or disturi; their ' paternal and maternal' govern-
we have nothing left but a button of silver. This mode of re-
olif i st
bber ewa
os
rt,d
s'u:
lawloltittl
ht htohiuset,
tiort ' of; parliament under its extsting form. to rain the hole full of gunpowder. This being done, a small ment."
Which or commissioners, and the people will have as much control ducinn lead is mentioned by Jeremiah and Ezekiel In one
these -sacrifices, we beg to ask the framer of the rnani- over the Church, after that, as the raven in the fable had piece or touch paper is iuserod, prepared by immersing paper
gt;:isnyd.;,•;trlfvermttel:e other • art of• Ezekiel he says '' The House of Isr I's •e
becom
i n At
hned etohmetosanidaoljei,irldaiing his paetvatuipmon
iinoda
os(l).luition of sattoetge, andf cafiriefullly
idrying it. When one Sross ; for they are brass, and tin, and lead aien 'thetomnidst of thee
fest°, is it, of which he wishes to insinuate the truth ? over the cheese which had been wheedled out of its
eyravcacti
..ae the Melbourne rump reversed the law of nature, and month. This feeling against Church-rates then requires end, tittlitlisl pl=i'lianig‘nvitthedlltie furnace ; they are even the dross of silver." Jeremiah saes, equivocation or mental rietsr
" The bellows are burnt, the leid is consumed of the fire, tle honour of a wolf." (Hear, heaer,)PnatTcnottliitilallatao7leita:r.) Upon
given precedence to the tail, which now and then so se- much modification, It ought to he more political and plosion. This slow ignition of the touch pallier enabn Ze. founder rnelteth in vain, for the wicked are not plucked away. this compact it is recorded, in the annals of Sheep-land, the
nerdy lashes it ?or is the tail to be contented with hang- less religious-it oueht to refer more to ment's ricdsts, as miner to escape from the danger before the explosion takes
ing in the wake of the rump, and backing its declared re members of the community, and less to their conscienti- place. But it must be acknowledged that this is a vulgar and r"ea?eper• toebda tt
eh
es i i v'e'r 5,,.1 aolwl rtrense cmaliltuttheersebecat.uses totife
hLord has shepheints were turned off, and the (logs were tnuzzled, the sheep
ion t pro_cess were a lowed one meal a-day, the wnlves appropriated-(liehr)
unscientific process of blasting, as the fire sometimes travels . d. t .
sistance to all organic change in the constitution ? One ou s scruples as sectarians—it onelit to be directed more faster than the miner anticipates, and endangers his life Ain ica e eerrny Clearly that they adopted threlpsann process of se- -the remainder to the purposes of the general and conjoint
, or other of these questions must be answered in the to the restoration, or, at all events, application of the better mode is frequently adopted ; a small hollowrope c e:ered parating the silver front Ora lead that we nuw practise. If we education of the two families; but before the end of the year
expose the protoxide to heat for 48 hours longer, we get the the lambs were all devoured, not in breach of any part of the
affirmative, or the assertiOn of a " perfect union" between funds of the Church to their le itimate purposes and with tar is filled with wet powder,
.wh, ich burns like t(t).boy:s
the parties is a flagrant falsehood, inasmuch as no one of less to the prevention of an impogst which Is ne' ver Ler- is Ivi urn in a minute, the miner is red lead of commerce. According to some it is not a peroxide contract, for the wolves observed it to the letter, by order of the
squib, and as a feet of th' 'll b
of lead, b.ut merely a mixture of the protoxide and peroxide of chief physician, who discovered that lamb's flesh was the most
the measures we have alluded to is of a nature to admit ous except to consciences acutely tender. enabled to escape with certaiuty. The miner extracts the ore lead, for if we dissolve some of it in nitric acid, we shall have a nourishing food for the stomach of a famished wolf !
loosened by the explosion of the gunpowder by means of a
of neutrality or compromise. A man who deems the bal.
blackish substance, which is protoxide of lead. We have prot-
-..euen.-.... pickaxe, and brings it to the surface of the earth in baskets or
esneeenee
lot to be utterly degrading and ruinous cannot unite with
buckets, which are hoisted up by machinery. The ore is then oxide of lead in. a state of solution, and peroxide of lead precipi-
him' who considers it an essential and paramount good : PROSPECTS. OF THE WHIG-RADICAL beaten into small pieces, after this it is reduced to the state of tates. According to some chemists, this is a sesquioxide of lead, CONSUMPTION OF ANIMAL FOOD IN GREAT BRITAIN.-The
so tyitli the peerage, universal suffrage, and the rest of MINISTRY. coarse powder, as most of the metallic ores. This is still tid, ecnord_ meg to others, merely a mixture of the protoxide and change that has taken place during the last half century, in the
peroxiire or.i ad_.. Inow we may easily separate the oxygen from consumption of butcher's meat, is still more extraordinary than
them. To place the politician who condemns sucli ex- done in some parts, by means of stampers or by ham- the protoxide of lead, or from the peroxide, by heating it wills a that which has taken place in the consumption of corn. The
meis; but in Cornwall they have three pairs •of steel or
travagancies in the same class svith the politician who (From the British Monitor.) carbonaceous substance to combine with the oxygen If we quantity made use of has been wonderfully increased, and its
case-hardened rollers revolving in contrary directions, one
I hy means of t.he quality signally improved. From 1740 to about 1750, the popu-
loudly applauds and eagerly calls upon his countrymen, The rump of the Grev administration are at ledgth pair placed above the other. l'he ore is i.O the first place heat a little of either, on api of char
blowpipe, we may reduce theeenee te the ernaeiallic state• anal's. tenon of themetropoltsfluctuated very little• amounting during
as Sir William Molesworth does, to " agitate" for them, preparing for a change, just as civic mayors pack up passed betei•een the tirst pair and in assine throueh be-
deseribing both by the common name Of " Reformers ;" their odds and ends, as the end of their year of glory ap- comegcrushed and reduced in 'size ; it then passes between the Nitric acid will dissolve lead very readily ; it mixed with'four the whole of that period, to about 670,000' or 675,000: Now,
otnvrer. We then have the nitrate of lead. during the ten years ending with 1750, there were, at an average
is a. childish absurdity or a gross and impudent fraud. proaelses. The party is splitting in all directions, the second pair of rollers, and is still further reduced in size; the
third pair of rollers are placed still closer together, so that the iwe lei
ICI
eho lancet nef
oer
Ipelaorli t linkliltehehacettiastseool
vfi
Ile adlef
asudgianr
saloelout 74,000 head of cattle, and about 570,000 head of sheep
There can be nothing " common" between such men, so disgraceful coalition of Roman Catholic, Dissenter, Uni- tateY h Al . annually
tin_ Smithfield market. 1n 1831 the population
ore in pass,ing between them is reduced to the state of a coarse antijcfumetlteeiiasctdto•ts)sr pyroligueous acid. It is very extensfvely ulgsed in the a increased o 1,472,00 U, or in the ratio about 218 per cent. ;
far as public principle is concerned. There may, indeed, tarian, Deist, and Infidel, is fast dissolving ; co„mment is. p.owder. l'he next process is that of washing, to separate sill-
, d eing and colouring processes. We havle a
_scib-acetete of and at an average of the three years ending with 1831, 156,000
be some common scheme or plot for aselfish purpose, in unnecessary ; the following choice scraps art signs ot emus and earthy matter, some of which are useful to a certain leyad, called Goulard's Extract which is emp oy.ed in medileine. head of cattle, and 1,238,900 head of sheep were annually sold
whiCh the nation has neither share nor sympathy-a con- the times:- . extent in reducing the ore. These siliceous particles are sepa- Su ar of lead is used as as' typtic, and applied externa ly to at Smithfield; being an increase of 212 per cent. on the cattle
spiracy for place—a conspiracy for patronage arid plan rated on an inclined plane by allowing a stream of water to pass
( From the True Sun.) ' wougnds bruises, &c. It was formerly supposed that sugar of and of 217 per cent. on the sheep, as compared with the numf
lead we's a deadly poison ; and, as we. know that wine-merchants hers sold in 1740-50. -It consequently appears that the number
der.- 'But is it for R formers" to meddle with sucl; , "They, (the Tories), wait for ministers to increase their unpopu- slowly over the ore. These impurities are much lighter than
abominations ? ! If the Whigs, on the other hand, still larity to which they have subjected themselves: and know well thheea yli eAcr dienreetd ilnertaentl.a7:nnsd,
at ha edr eifso rree,
raa rae, La sfhreadma wtiatyu
e, wt
oh i lilt t hee use it very often in the adulteration rif wines, it became an im- of cattle and sheep consumed hi Lonaori -has increased, since
portant question to ascertain all the facts connected with its 1740, about in the same proportion as the population. The
pretend.that their system of reform presupposes the main- enough that such increased unpopularity is coining. They wait for the sometimes tL process 4r jigging has been resorted to. It el.- poisonous attributes. According to some recent experiments, weight of the animals, has, however, a good deal more than
tenance of the church, and state, and monarchy, while, as gangrene in the Reform Aet to do its work in the dimunltion of many sists in placing the powdered. ore in sieves, and shaking. it in it does not appearto be poisonous if not taken into the stomach doubled in the interval. In the earlier part of 'last century the
is notOrions, both English and I'M Radicals denounce constituencies already too small for independence : and in the cor- them beneath the surface of tbe water. . By this means the
heavierparticles of metal either pass through the meshes of tbe it; it carbonate, or with something which will makeoe carboaate gross weight of the cattle sold at Smithfield did not, at an
all three• as grievances fit only to be swept away before ruption of others, already too corrupt : and they know well enough
wire or rest. upon them whilst the lighter siliceous matter is o lead. But as, when a solutton of sugar of lead is allowed to average, exceed 3701b5.; and that of the sheep did not exceed
the march of mind, we submit that it ,is not with the that the favourable opportunity for their machinations is taming:"
scraped off the surface of the copper ore and removed, Th' stand exposed to the annosphere, a flint of carbonate of lead will 2Slbs. • whereas, at present the average weight of the cattle is
be formed on its surface, so in like manner the carbonic acid of estimaled at about 8001bs , 'and that of the sheep at about BUlbs.
latter bodi'Vve are to attribute to the, Whigs any corn- Mighty fine compliment for the Tories, who we sup- operation used to be performed by women who stood up t"
mon name designating political alliance or partnership, . pose will feel it deeply, but, nevertheless, it prepares, their knees in water in seasonable Weathee'whilst engaged i:
it. There is a much better mode than this now adopted in the stomach will convert a portion of it into a carbonate oflead, Hence, on the most moderate computation, it May be affirmed
which is a deadly poison. lf, however, the acetate of lead be that the consumption of butcher's meat in the metropolis, as
but manifestly with Sir Robert Peel and the Con- " The People" for the fall. But it seems Mr. D. W.
eclat nistered to anTals combined With vinegar, it may be taken compared with tlie population, is twice as great at this monient
Cornwall. A large tank is so contrived, that by the action of a
servatives, who are, one and. all, solemnly pledged Harvey, the indefatigable editor, is subject to such at- plunger the water alternately rises and falls through large impuoity.
,1 e animals appear to be little or not at all as in 1740 or 1750. * 0 The demand for butcher's meat in
awffected by It. Ihe chlorides of lead are of very little use, the Scotland has increased in the most extraordinary manner. So
before' the country to as much reform, that is, as tacks himself, witness another ministerial print which ac- sieves in the corner of the tank, by which means the heavier
xnueh . beneficial change, as may be consistent with the counts for the hostility thus. particles of metal are enabled to gravitate as in the former in- Ratent yellow pigment being now superseded by chrome yellow. late as 1763, the slaughter of bullocks for the supply of the pub-
ulghuric acid acts very feebly on lead; but when concentrated lic market was a thing wholly unknown even in Glasgow,
" maintenance of church, and state, and monarchy." (From the Satirist.) stance, and the lighter ones to rise to the surface. The differ- 6
and in a boiling state, it will rapidly act upon it; yet it appears though the city had then a population of nearly 30,000 ! Pre-
When the Whigs, therefore, assure us of a perfect union ..WITTOL" HARVEY'S REASONS FOR EJECTING FROM OFFICP.ITHR ent samples of ore are then collected together and assayed. The
a little singular that this acid will abstract lead from any of its viously to 1775, or perhaps later, it was customary in Edin-
miner has one portion, and the owner of the mine another,. out
..between " Reformers," is not the more natural con- PRESENT MINISTERS. of which the miner pays a certain percentage fot• the cost of the combinations. If we add. a solution of lead to water it will be- h 1, co
. . , -urge, n.asgow, and the principal Scotch towns for families to
etruction of the phrase, that they mean to express their First,-Because they have shown an utter disrec•ard of the interests candles, the gunpowder and other mining requisites. The ore come rather turbid; but if we add sulphuric acid, a dense white purchase in November what would now be Iconed a
_,l
precipitate of sulphate of lead will be formed. As collateral tests Miserable, half fed cow' or ox, the salted carcreaese of whichmwaalsl
readineSs for a co-operation, with those who acknowledge or the country, and a most ignorant contempt for talentoand patriot- is sent to Swansea to be' reduced, and here comes the most diffi-
of the presence of lead, hydriodate of potass, chromate of pot- the only butcher's meat they tasted throughout the year. In
the same general limits to the reform principle which ism, by refusing to appoint me one of the charity commissioners. cult part of the whole, which makes it a wonder that ccpper was
ass, and sulphuretted hydrogen are frequently used. The two the smaller towns and country districts this practice prevailed
they do, rather than with the party whb spurn at all such ,Secondly,-Beeause they refused to pass an act of Parliament com- not reduced to a state of purity in former times. The coppei is
first ruasted to deprive it of its arsenic and sulphur. This opera- former give precipitates of a yellow colour, and the latter of a till the present century, but it is now almost everywhere aban-
limits ? We nevertheless challenge either the revolts- pelting the benchers to admit me to the bar ; although I had given
hlack. Indeed, 20 delicate a test is Sulahurelted hydrogen, that dolled. The consumption of butcher's meat in Glasgow, as
tion of roasting is commonly performed in a reverberatory fur-
tionary Radicals or the Whigs, if the union between abundant evidence of my ample qualifications to advocate the chi-
nace, and in most cases the arsenic and sulphur are deposited if a piece of paper be dipped into a solution of lead;and exposed compared with the population, does not at present differ mate-
to the fumes of the sulphuretted hydrogen, the paper will be rially from that of the metropolis We do not indeed believe
" Reformers" he meant to signify that those two factions eanery of special pleading.
upon the surrounding countr which it quickl renders infer-
are the uniting powers-we challenge one or both of Thirdly,•-Because they have permitted all my speeches in Parlia- tile. In somedplaces, howeveyr, the fumes of sulpYhur and arsenic turned to a deep black colour. It has been used as a sympa- that the commandof the people Of any c.ountr'y over food and
them-to get rid of the alternative, the conditions of which meat to fall dead-born on the floor of the House, without expressing are condense in a chamber. The sulphur thus obtained is thetic ink for this reason. There is only one obje .t. t•t
all sorts of conveniences ever increased. in any equal period,
c ion 0 I S
the least pain at my withering satire, or pleasure at my unexampled sometimes used in the manufacture of sulphuric acid. After use-the intolerable smell of sulphuretted hydiogen. We may half so rapidly as that of the people of Scotland has done since
we st 4 out with explaining, unless upon the highly cre-
il
at i
as mt.
en, xv ee dr b sevri lso precipitate lead by means of a more oxYdahle metal; thus, 1770.-M Culloca's Statistical Account of the British Empire.
panegyrics, this process of roasting, the process of reduction commences.
ditable supposition, that one or other faction, though
if a piece of zinc be suspended in a stroog solution of lead, what le
still adhering to its own doctrines and despising those ot
. Fourthly,-Because they refused to repeal all the enactments which
athtelrayrgruetnqaucaentitiftsiosfheronaultr, and heated intensely
when the silica cont ued • n h
inhrfils is called a zinc tree will be formed, which in reality is nothing
mreandetnr it illegal. and provide a punishment for those attorneys who
PRICES OF SHARES, LIV EIiPOOL, DEC. 29, 1836.
its worthy ally, is to support by its votes the policy which
outlfezi.mprurities in more than the precipitation of the lead hy the zinio In order
teiorfdihscretion deem i! advantageous and desirable to retain
to give the tree a good appearance, the solution of lead should Last Prices This day
it r.eprObates, and act.. directly in the teeth of its declared iron and forms silicaatei of 'rent'. e oechoolt:lthbofinaneessst awwt el
ti
thohfovxf
aui
rds_iieoo
unosi
posysessi t e papers of their elien.ts, or of any ot.her property unto be filtered before the zinc is introduced. The uses of metallic lead RAILWAYS, Ste. Per Share. Per Share.
opinions. For a unton produced by such a desertion of them belongina, for any leneth of time as the said attorneys may the ore and floats upon the top of the melted
Bolton and Leigh XIOO paid£ 64 0 0 ....£
think fit and p*roper. * ' are too well known to require enumeration. It was used by the
he upper portion of the furnace is then tapped, and Bolton and Preston •
principle the country, we imagine, is far from unprepared,
the melted slug is run out into moulds, and it forms a very good
ships..
Romans in the state of sheets to sheathe the bottoms of their lo .... 9 5 0 .... 9 3 0
nor is there a great deal of difficulty in conjecturing from Firthly,-Because if the Whi swre e te fr offi ' mate •
g e jec d om ce, a new mi- nal for building, far superior to any stone or brick we aee Sir Humphrey Davy introduced some oxidable metal
BirkDeito. a
aannddcDheersit7r 5 .... 717 6 ....
2 .... 2 5 0 ....
which side the sale of conscience is most likely to pro_ nistrY would be sure to come in, and then there would be a chance of acquainted with. The metal is then run out into water, wher'e for the purpose of protecting the copper with which we now Birmingham and Gloucester
sheathe our ships against the action of sea water. The cop- Cheltenham and Tring r-, •• • • 32 6 ....
•
ceed. . Why should the Radicals make a sacrifice of their my getting a good plan e, as a fitting reward for my unprecedented it is granulated into irregular grains, These are then taken
per- was protected, but the ship came home very foul in cense- Dublin and Drogheda 5•• • • 30 0 ~..
long.-cherished assault upon the constitution? We be- and disinterested exertions in behalf of this unhappy kingdom. out of the tank of water and submitted to a similar process of Dublin and Kilkenny
lieve that with many of them the scheme is one of fierce Without ad -• • M H ,
.. . . . . fusion, from which the slan is again separated. This process is
miring r. arvey s politics or principies, repeated several tiines-' t: istern Counties
quence of the barnacles and sea-weed which attached to its a. .
bottom, by which the sailing of the vessel was much retarded. re 2 119 0 .... 119 0
Ediillmorgh and Gdlls:low(roel:,1))
....
and reekless fanaticism, rather than of selfish profit ; and we are ready to admit one fact, namely—that if talent silica are almost entirely samarealtme
de s eAretr, 1.11
.nst i 1 etc., geon and.
k It is found, however, that, if the copper be partially protected,
vs this effect of the adherence of the barnacles and sea-weed will Ditttto Leith and Newhaven 3 ..:: 3 rtj (()) ;; ; ;
what would they gain by its surrender to the Whigs ? could have secured him a place, he would have had it man considers that it isuLficiently utre,titi's' wcaset intowpoir
long since ; there is no denying that lie possesses as not take place. Indeed an alloy of copper and zinc has been Glasgow, Paisley, and Greenock 1 .... 20 0 ....
Nothing under heaven but the remote chance that, at which are broken and roasted, and then it is reiady to be refined:
d f r tins 70 . 158 0 0 .... 159 0 0
-some distant period, aud under some possible change of much as the whole ministry put together. The hollow- Then begins the process of refining the copper- small quauti- Ta e 9
werful 11 Th - - Great Western
i purpose. Sbheets of lead are manufactured by put- Grand Junction
30 .... 41 0 0 -
-circumstance not to be traced- upon any existing map, heartedness of Lord Brou 1 1 ' '
g iam, anot ier patriot, is tuus •
, ties of iron and small quantities of sulphur and of oxygen being
rolling pipes has been much improver _ a e years. Formerly
ting thick plates of lead etw.een po .1
of l
tro ers. e art of
Kenyon and Leigh .
100 .... 120 0 0 ••••
Grand COnnection (Worcester).- 2 lOs 2 10 0 •....
they may lie able to bring round the official Whigs, and described.. still combined with it. To separate these it is brought into a
state of fusion with charcoal, and kept covered with charcoal. Liverpool and Manchester 100 .... 219 0 u .•••
the Conservative epposition in both Houses, to tolerate (From the Dispatch.) After a time a email sample of it is taken out by a ladle for a larger pipe, three feet 10nt,,, and Grain n ou in o fluer pipes.
all pipes w•ere soldered up_ ; srubseq.ue;ntly the ltea.dtwas_ cast
.into •
Ditto ninarter shares
The melted lead Is novv forced through a hole provided with a Ditto half shares 25 .... 52 10 0•• • •
.. 46 0 0.. • •
"In the parish of Little nereaer, a part of the atrocious Ongar (bun. the purpose of enabling the workman to judge• if it is sutli- 70 ..... 140 0 0 .... 140 10 0
-these revolutionary chimeras. There is another consi-
sort of triblet into a pipe of_any reqfiui(rielt letnel, Id no further
deration also which we know has influence with many of ger) n Union," are two helpless widows, one aged 76, the other up- ciently purified. If.this breaks when cold with a silky frac- s t iiampton 3O .... 21 00 -
opt eration is necessa,rly. W n
beea . pipe coated
Wards of 70. ture, and is somewhat soft, it is considered good. If it is ealuaeblenwannd itt isa ntowe Ditto & Brighton (Stephention's) 5 .... 576:. • •
the mere long-sighted Radicals. It is, that the sin; of They have riot yet been Bastiled for the Whig crime of vent' tio is exreedinady - gin.u.lng to be Leeds and Manchester e
a .... 12 0 0 •• • •
pretty ductile it is fit for the last operation called polling, the t 'tit' t d. ti Loildg aann(A iliorum;ngham
Leicester and Swannington '0 . . 68 0 0 •
the Whig-runap government fall in a large proportion living longer than they are able to work ; but what do our readers
think is the munificent weekly allowance made from the " Uniun",to ritionale off which we.are not to this day able to account
.for. lum
extensively employe no wi saning ie. prejudice of the
'heard him. He 67 10 0 ::•• •
upon the heads of the revolutionary partY, and entail is is per onned by introducing into the- molten' metal a birch • - • .1 Idbh•ki h • • NTaneliester & Cheshire Junction.. 5 .... 60 0 ... •
these poor old cre,tures by the despicable agents of tl • Mr. Hemming then conc u( el,tan ng I e audience for
upon them immeasurable disgrace and scandal. Vhv just twelve vence a • I 1.
. - •PieCe . le despicable pole, and continually stirring it about. This excites consider lc oviulitittl owfhiitcsild
tuhrea 13 i. ill;
atiyi
h Union 9 4 2 6 ....
. Manchester, Bolton, & 8ury...... 4e ....
Not twopenee-farthing a able effervesence, and of course iu a short time the exiein -
al , Midland Counties a•• • • 35 0 ....
feared that his course had not been so interesting as a course
It is-past all doubt that there never has been record d whigs 7‘ ' '
e day for food, house-rent, fire and clothing; while,
North Midland lO •••• 14 5 0 .... 14 13 0
to mend the mat- liortion of the birch pole becomes coated with charcoal. Whether on elementary chemistry mieht have been.
t"h e p abteiresn aceganitnidstaittteonntiaL
North Union 76 .... 59 10 n.. -
on the page of English history an Administra •
. non so ter both the aged victims need medical aid
. , and one is bed-ridden. the potassium is liberated and converted into an alloy with the / . •-• n this course'of deli htful lectlites the reports INlanchester Sont ....
Newcastle and Carlisle lOO ....
-selfish or corrupt as this. Never was the br
pu lc revenue Bead this .lind Bronaharn ; then go and draw
• . your (I u a rt„,, pm, ion . metal or not we do not know. The copper is not malleable n terminatin,„
.. 101 0 0 .• • •
11 have read t4vith pleasure. i'mtwithstarid- Ditto quarter shares ll 00 . -
so lavished in bribes under the name of salaries-n * without the pollinn, and if it be polled too much it aeain -be-• of which our readers 01.
. ever and perpetrate another speech about the phi
• /o.,oPhe of aholishiva " ing the absence of the interesting experiments with which they South Eastern 2•• • • 3 0 0 ....
was jobbery carried to such a shameless pitch—never c ' "
ompulsory relief for poor paupers. s, all comes brittle, awns agai GU •
n o tged to be heated with chareoal,
wete illustrated by the talented lecturer, we thitik it an appro- §_t. lelen's and Runcorn Gap 100 .... 35 0 a
w•arirington and Newton.
I 0 ...• 179 0 0 ....
was tile -actual amount of patronage so wasted on despi • and then polled again. When tee copper is thus refined it is prime occasion to recomfomod. to such
tor ourt opeti•ative.friends
Ulster 3 .... 2 15 0 •• • •
. too another of "
The Champton, , - the people's jours cast into moulds or cakes aa required In A t •th
. lig esea e copper
.cable tools—never was ingenuity so ransacked for the as may be desirotts of
i.
it wingkup tle ins ruc ive scree otfi Hull and Selby 5•• • • 45 0 ....
nais," tiltlS attacks O'Connell : pyrites coutains SO much sulphur that when ignited iii. a .pow-
chemistry, an exeellent it, ea Or upon
.the subject ptylishe South Eastern & Brigliton 2 ... • 2100. • • •
multiplication of offices before unheard of, that fresh dered slate it has continued burnine for six iri nth • t •
h' ' s a a by De. Reid, Of Edinburgh, at the low price of one shilling and BANKS.
swarms of hungry minions might be stimulated in their And when Dlr. O'Connell is moved to swagger nnd bully again, let time. In this island av ' ''
h r h I.'
• .
e.iti ric. e t.an any in
.t e rorld was
fourpence, which is *one of the best elementary treatises we Bank of Liverpool.... ~.. . ..£ 10 paid 25 7 a ....
(Jelly task of packing and perverting' all the local and him recollect that the people of England are now much more on the found, measurin -0 f
g i eet in thickness, out ot which 2J,000 tons •
have met with. It may be had of Mr. Clay, chemist, Bold
subordinate institutions of the country to the uses ot defensive against both the Whig ministry and himself; than they are on of copper have been raised in one year. There is title adean
,„ sheet, as well as the various chemical materials required to per-
• • the offensive in confection with him and them. The people are en- tage attending the chemical combination of copper and sul -
lhalr. form an infinite number of chemical experiments.
'faction: Why, the myriads of new placemetr, appointed that they
„ gaged in inquiries and discussions concerning the working of tlw will continue burning together for a long time, eveu
Tradesman's 5 .... 417 6 ....
to work out the insidious designs of the "no patronage „
amended" poor-law which he a d the Whi s waise to the sk* it placed in vacuuui or in an atmos here of t '•• •• .
p car ionic acid gas, . __ s•e-----i-__......_=•-m-__,
.
Cabinet, will frighten Europe when they conic to be un- ' n g I 'vs' which will l • •
ori y.admit of the burning of thatretuarkable metal, . , e.
hecauseit Is.n partial repeal of the English poor-laws, and whielt,_ he et. •
. . -
.. - -1' 0.1",tu. rue -At is. +said that in Angleseaa ' . • inn enas....beeun e :111.0,4i.1.R.,.P.E..azt.v..-7. FrEukoli..litaxidY, cl,ololvPd *'ith- gni. , - - .
'4,0-.... -13 '15.., 0...-,i, ~ : ,„„,
•ketmelind. by:Mitre-ale/ -petition* friend ot economy and- -.•-• h:`-''''''-'. -ks ' 1-- is, ---
pper," says a New York potter, " applied once a day -7
g' citlll le.isiteenreSset I'2 ''.
is appy to say, wor well . hey are also engage,' ni arreSing earned on for six months toeether, and the copper therefore his' ihate or" pool Dsct 15 .... 21 .g 0 ..:.
justice in the frotise of CUmmons! And evell know the
will Make your hair•grow.". To this a Philadelphia paper adds,
themselves against the projected Whig rural police scheme, of which been. iii a much better state'for the subsequeut processes of re-
Radicals how keenly the eyes of all England are fasten d
e nct one word of disapprobation has escaped his lips ; a !erre and impor. duction and purification ' " and if the hair should grow too abundantlee take a quart of Borough Bank 5 .... 10 7 63.... •
on theSe misdoin
. gs. They well know that a club or tent art of Pie eo de re sult• a 1 •f 'a
1 to -
p .. p 1 a . con in, an( preparing or n appea When thus reduced, * '
copper is a metal of a hrilliant red co- French brandy a day, with a little sugar and 0 utrueg, and it will Commercial Bank of Engtond 5 .... 55 0 ....
clique more rapacious than the ten or dozen famtlies who •
parliament en WO., of the factory slaves in the north of England ;•and, •
lour and the b ..1".
• . . it naney i
0 the .colour is improved by pluugin ff • Th brand for your
2 come o again. us. . y baldness and brandy East of England •
•
GAS, WATER WORKS See.
7 lOs 8 .10 Q ....
.
, form the etat major of the Whigs never existed on this in an mese, the -,,,,--! • • it when hot into water.
1 p e dread the Whtgs and htm. They have reason. It loses its brillianc - - f bundant hair."--almericaa paper.
y wholly by ex- or a .
posure.
utt,i t(l.lentin.ospliere in eonsequence of combining -vvith 010- The assertion of Sir Humphrey Davy that-no species of plan t
,;',coliolnon/11,,ourilndlisiw
er 1:106 paid 171. 0 0 .... 173 0 0
earth, anti never preyed upon a nation. We shall have The Whigs and he work togeffier with marvellous harmony, both as
at Wor Ig sx10( ....... 1-,:: 11: (,), ......
Log,neant: 0 if
c•ta,prbpoerritc aicfiwd,efrming on its surface a crust of car- will vegetate downwards, has lately been contradicted by an ex- Bolotle Ditto g
them paraded before the people of England. Each to the poor-laws and as to the factory slavery ; and he may bully and.
tlihitai'ect=
tto, t:edness in atinos- periment made by Messrs. Lookg:irt end Co., florists, Cheap- toverooni coal Go, company.. 6t
Stoek .... 377 o o ..::
houseliold.of aristocratic Whiggery is a sink of insati- call names till doomsday, but he never will see the people follow the pheric air, the surface of iteV h tre oxide of side, in a Narcissus, the bulb of which is placed in a large glass L'pool New Gas & Coke `
Go £lOO .... 195 0 6 ....
able greediness and corruption, as well as a haunt of ex- advice of a man whose speeches are convincing no one (here,) While copper; when thus reduced to the meted' P
testate copper is a very ace filli•d smith water. The Narciestis is now on the point of ' Ditto New Shares - 70 .... , 153 -0 0 ..., •
elusive and mo •
rind arrogance. One day, in their former the absurdities and impertinences and falsehoods con Mined in them, are malleable and ductile metal. It may be reduced to I - v . ' • d l • df bl d
eaves, the coining into flower (Ina nwar n. a aige po o oom an seve- ASSURANCE COMPANIES.
1-100,000 of au inch in thickness. kis a difficult metal to in b I I • b' ti • t
elt ral long leaves eing a rea( y visi ,e in ie tea en Liverpool Marine Assurance C0.£25 paid 17 15 0 ....
character, that of which alone the peo I d 1 irritating and disgusting every body who has the •
patience to wade
44 p e nee lave cog-
and also to burn it. It will melt at 2.000 degrees, or burn by ' Ocean _Assurance Company.
through them.
DISCOVER YOF an Est A N n.-The GeograPhical Society has Liverpool Fire and Life Aisuranee 2 lOs 217 6 .... .
nizance, they shall be unrelentingly exposed. But do . current of oxygen gas. All the salts of copper, if we can bn .a
they flatter themselves that the Radicals are not aware _
them, will exhibit a green flame. If for example we t• k •
d 14n received the following communication from Captain Derieurs, Manchester Assuranee Company 10 ~ .. ..••
tle of the nitrate of copper, and pour it upon a s 't
e•- -- ernin the discovery of an island :-" December 27, 1835, DOCKS, FERRIES, NEW COMPANIES, Sze
of this ?- Do they dream that the Radicals are not aware THE NORTHERN AND CENTRAL BANK AND THE punge dipped conc g
having entered into the dangerous cluster of the Society isles, Harrington Dock X3O paid 20 0 0 ....
how odious it makes Whiggery to the whole E 1' I
ng is ) BANK OF ENGLAND. in alcohol the flame will appear of a green colour. Indeed. in
observed the isle of Gambier, hod being on my way to Hood's aedertee Carrying Company.... 10 .... 10 2 6 ....
.
the analysis tif ores wo may consider th it copper is present when •, , ‘'‘, °onside Ferry l7 lOs 26 10 0 ...,
nation ? : And why should not the Radicals feehindies se_
isle, at ten o'clock, a.m., when still on tne south of that 'sic,
a The settlement of the great question between the Northern this peculiar flame is observed. for' there are very few of the Rock F •rry l5 .... 915 0 ....
.nant at being made sharers in the unpopularit ,
3of tilos • '
• e and Central Bank and the Bank of Eu 'land h• duc d -
1., as pro e a .
metals that will present a similar appearance. We appear to , .
and milking way towards the west, the sailor on the look-out M 1->i -
_on . s Ferry 5 . 417 6 ....
d 'ln 1 on the larboard bow !' at which I was astonished.
whom they have kept in office without •
, being sharers to temporary calm iu the cit T •
y, he affairs of the former it is now d f • . '1•• ~ eh• •h •
have two oxi es u copper, iespec in, % lc there is much dif- me an( Egrentont Perry l2 lOs 12 5 0 ....
I It •
any decent amount in the spoi. is not then for the fully understood pass immediately into the hands of a ent • p Scully. l'he protoxide may be got by heating copper to redness as none of my mays noted any land in that direction, at least Steam Tug Conmany
at t hat distance. I steered towards it, and at two o'clock was Apothecaries' Company 3 . 210 0 ....
2 .... 2 5 0 •. • •
Radicals to give way, or to yield one inch of their utopia pointed by the Bank of England, who are to realize thge a seat- - and plunging it into cold water, a hen the scales which will fall
within tyro miles. I observed that it was a low island, about London Caoutehouc Company 2 ... 210 0 .... •
. •
of democracy, for which they would get nothing in e
.x.- pay the public firet, next the Bank, and last of all the Losnidosn' °ff will be the protoxide. We tnay also make it by dissolving lye miles in extent rather woody in the middle, with its
agen If any f
ts. undo are then left, business may be resumed, • ' 'Wien bowl Hiker
copper in nitric acid, precipi ..., j 1, and heating the t''' ' • •
'change.. It is the Whig,s who will sell their consciences,
li and north-west extremities bordered with cocoa trees
It apears to be couabitied n ne, L/Y ERPOOL INFIRMARY REPORT,
but not otherwise Novv that the bustle and excitement of the Precipitate to redness. I . o I .
"h sne. "'et it able to discover any traces of in habita . I
• nts, or any vessels
From the 224 of December,.to the 29lit December, 1836.
and put the price into their pockets. Their sole nution whole affai ' • • • •
r eas in part died auay, and the g ner
e osity of the equiyale f copper and one ot oxygen. t w .
nt o as suimosed to was 11l
on its coasts. Its positions is 21 deg. 39. min. south latitude at
of government'iS their individual gain. Batik has obtained its proper tribute, people are beninni t be a ceinhinatiodof one equivalent ot copper and two of ox
' ..
its most northern point; the longitude of the middle 138 deg.
ADMITTED.
In the mean while, see hoW the hunibug f ells in Ireland, Consider how far the prudence of the directors in trie t •ang o q„en but this is not found to be a peroxide, but a protoxidYe.
32 min. west ; we do not think it bears any name."-Phare de DISCHARGED.
27
tion is entitled to the saute praise. A history of the affa
i i
rres
fitacs-
here is an oxide differing from this compound which may ha' in-patients cured
where the genius of whiggery is little known, being seen
0
beeriii published to-clay, the authority for which on internal made by heatine the black oxide with copper filings, oe nocgero Dieppe.
Relieved and at own request ... 8 1 Out-patier!ts
..
~ _
through the medium of O'Connell's and other papist re-
Made Out-patients
evi ence alone may be safely pronounced to be that of the Bank it with sugar, Cut it possesses so powerful an attraction for LEECHES.--A French physician prescribed tbe application of 0
presentations... Mr. Woulfe, one of that faction which 'parlour, a Inch has very much contributed to give this turn to
Dead - 1 I the last week t 0 • •
Irregular
• '2lO
.
oxygen that it is impossible to eepwe it to the atmosphere with- leeches to a patient, and suon afterwards visited time sick man's
3 Remain in tbe house
~.-,;-Ael'ileikl.tie •pe le Of E al d
- . tot---i-2,2,!, _. op n, an as an alien race, but will the current opinions on the subject. It is admitted in this ac- out the combination of oxygen with it. The protonida is value domicile, when the following colloquy took piece with his wife •
.. ..
.. le eteesratteto be called aliens by us in return—this count than the Bank have been y ? Bet.
grossly deceived in the repine able because it forms the base.of all the salts of copper, 'The " Well, my good woman, how is your 'husband 'to-de •" "
Consulting Surgeon, Mr.forsliaw.
,at,tl4lCsflicik made to them of the situation of the Northern and most valuable of the salts of copper are the sulphate and the ten no doubt." " I thought so," continued -M. le Docteur ;
Ilotise Visitors-Mr. Lawrence and Mr. Shaw.
' .- %V he rissintsingoa
, age has been making a speech at Cashel, sentati°n
Bank, aucl they consequently load with all sorts of aeproaches nitrate. The sulphate js eminn in, very great. abundance in - "the leeches have cured him ! Wonderful effect they !rive ! ' . ltl
Davie.; House Sargeen, r. J. Ashcroft.
pli
tysinti.i.l4 , übs the Mulgrave government with corns the parties who have. been accessory to them but the I •
uose some mines, being caused by the adieu of the air aod water You got the leechesnf course " "Oh Yes ' Monsieur le Doc- Chaplain, the Rev. R. •••-
•" liaP ' itet**l4t- second hun 1 an hi
, ~
~ nv, 41,,,,,,..i..
e_ . c fri s master, for the grounds en which they consented ta rriake so lur. "aa a th •-•-I ' th •e pyrites be expused to. the ac-
ge aa .vance pon e coppei pyritea. t Ls rear, they did him a deal of g•ood, thoui ' '
gh he could not take -
LOCK HOSPITAL:
47 I Discharged .... :.. 9
eiie neen7s. teneen it a
, '..-Anealll g^ti*Vtlie.4 b nd the "Irieli people," as £5003X/0
' , art it now appears by their own (.(,„fe,„;,„h dues troll or the air and water the sulphur Will•combine with the ox. them all." 'Taka them ali: -Why iny eo d wome f d-d Admitted 15 lln the Hospital
- _
'• •-•The a re)ali011, nn go 4! el -association and its adjuncts. certainly say' verYlilitle for their ,P•rudeltee 4•l' the tott-page•rnent Ygewof the eir and the water, forming s.tilphuric acid, end the yeti apply them ? " " Oh, I Mane-get( - nTe col y,"
.saidn't hie° ww
i fie, r________ „....
elligible . - • d has inis
of their aflairs, an ash hed every Man oe besineb,, under kg)iper with the oxygen foriniug oxide "; eoPP,ert. when the sun looking quite contented with hereelf. n Iser yeriety's sakegl
. ~.I'll claw yoti."" 'UV
- t never enou.gh: "-claW me, and '
i forms sui
LIVERPOOL - TIDE TAI3LE. ,
.read re. trash thaa ;„ ~,,. ! wheile, ob!ervation it !las falileng The_ aceount given Was, that l'hulie acid diesolves the oxide ot• cnPPcr..l",',( . phuret boiled one-half, and e r
maee a ay of the other. The first ite got •
trio
-electioneering ffi
ea'"ion ; and th '- ank. had no y £s4o,MOhnliahieties, on which copper which remains in solution. Many' o' our IntheSr.eSpeCi- down verY well! hut the second. made him very sick. But what : Feasirane gc.
Abe:. Ben. Jp.
love of nigh, and integrity of th e'
t"te''' eitml iiig g ze.n ! the liorthern .13
Days.
..
- -- ----
s , ...300,000 were aotee in c,irctilation, and .t.b10,000 eeeeeus; that ally in the island of Angiesea, contains great tiountilies of he-took was Mote entitle() " continued nee seeing mime horror l
-- ----- ---
. •ble than hi • esPeaker ,a - ' -'
more di see rnt . s nnarepreseaitit.'- mein notb i no.
i t twice, re te Aas ‘. itir t me nex riy,
us assets were EI,000,0•0, , I which '1£900,000 eoueisied e Ito • sulphate of e 3. n,er in a state of solution, the Water at the bottom in the dodo( 's cou it': .' • o 1 - t •v• '.
h . 1 t d Dee. to er. IT. M. F. I.
_. , _
Lord Lyndhurst 3. his adoption or . i
;sen.and abuse 4 , d d I. h • -
.n,0,,,,,,,, e t e nine, te.,„o neap!). conjure, aae 1 . e se ttn :value an ton ay eis quite well." " Umpin! " said the doctor. with Tuesday
due to the bank, by its customers. an& .1:190.0(X1 bank. o' e a f b " I ' I'l 't 'rb U
-.27 128 14h 14 6 St .3ohn
i WtaineSday..2B 2 5 223 14 I Innocents, en,
D'Connell,pttered, when he boasted of's:aisle:our -whieig! cash in peeeeesion. •On the subsequent inquiry to which the ' nf.this seoitieri •ippears to have he" di'e°veted by ours acce. a tandem shake of the head. "I ( they have co red him. that is ,
night 16h 34m
Thereday....'
29 32 _fel 3" 56, 123 1? t''uen"lnh Pe'.
bodies istrust —school's of agitation," rne curporate icileeona aiii:licationfor: assistance led, n was ascertained !hal the elent, in Vie mines ot Wicklow, the water front saiiid_•ll was 1 sufficient ; but they would hive le en b•etter applied externally."
ngee 111117 in mn
'Wiwi' Me report of his speech did
MI * nv pgaceful ,e.plite. instead ot. 4.240,000, were rinUnAtO, end that the ad-
t say that. zin,300141,. szy dig e think to its eustoiners,insteittl of £900,000. was . that
iormerly pumped away as valueless. It intlMenied hty acridput 1 'lll wonian repiie'd that she e mild do so next time ; amt. doubt- t..rit'il. •• • •
an Irish lalemter left his spade in ti. lid] 1
pu_......e of Avenel', and 1 le-e, if ell.l' Ct te throws a stole of ticannuiei to 1ee..., into her i ~. 3ui 419448 12 7 Silvester
~!; !,:rD".I3-YJan 1 521 553 12 6 Circumcision
.
hil elle eash 'and ' . • ' '" ' ' • .
notes In posseseion wee not more . f
ound ro his great astunishineut, on his return. th4t the.trou l power again, Ale wit! make a poultice of thee,. I Monday .... 2 627 7 1,12 11 Saturn. in conj with Moon
, .. g, • . • ,
•
