THE GRAND CONCENTRATED MEETING.

Last evening, at seven o'clock, a grand concentrated
meeting of the society was held at the Amphitheatre—Mr.
Thonias Freme in the chair. On the stage seats were ar-
ranged for a number of ladies, and the leaders and speakers
of the society. The boxes were filled with a strange medley
of men, women, and children, and almost of all ranks. The
gallery was crowded with men, and the pit about a quarter
filled with respectably-clad men and women. Altogether
there might he about 600 persons present, the Amphitheatre
not being nearly so crowded as on the last occasion. The
front of the boxes was decorated all round the theatre with a
number of small silk banners, bearing various devices and
mottoes, about abstaining from drink; and in one corner of
the orchestra was stationed a band of wind instruments, and
a big drum, that ever and anon " made night hideous;" and
those who could hear, envied the deaf. The speechifying was,
as a whole, much superior to that at the meeting of last year;
there was no red-hot Brummagem blacksmith to hammer
away for two hours together, and forge thunder-
bolts for every body and every thing but teetotallers;
nor was there a talking woman—a Mrs. Hamilton,
to weary out the patience with laughable rigmarole and
strange conceits; but still there was enough of nonsense
talked—" two bushels of chaff to three grains of wheat"—
an odd mixture of absurdity and truth. We are no enemies
to these societies; for with certain classes and certain per-
sons of weak resolution we believe they are aids to resist the
temptations of intemperance, and therefore do good in saving
the insane victims-of this vice from the consequent and cer-
tain misery in person, purse, and domestic happiness which
result from an indulgence in it. But, because we are not
inimical to them we cannot shut our eyes to the babyish ab-
surdities the members often indulge in, and the extrava-
gances in which they appear to delight, which make rational
men shun their meetings and scorn to be participators in
follies which their reason scouts. Let theta shake off these
weaknesses and fooleries, and we have no doubt the sphere
of their usefulness will be widely extended. We shall there-
fore give our report, confined as it must be at this late hour,
fairly, exposing to ridicule what is ridiculous, and preserving
what is worth preserving, being convinced that this is the
best mode to correct what is foolish, and to uphold what is
worthy of admiration.
The CIL( tamAN announced to the meeting that they would
be obleeged to the band if they would play " God save the
Queen."
This was done in the truest sense of the word, "God save
the Queen" was reeled in most drunken fashion. Time and
music were both wanting.
The CHAIRMAN then said-4' Noo, my friends, I've to beg
your pity and consolation and excuse for anything I may do
amiss here. lam bro't for'ard unintentionally. You have
been led to expect the Bishop of Norwich, and I-feel for your
disappointment very much ; but I can't dwell on theta great
deal, for I must feel for myself. Now, my friends, you who
know my habit, know this is the first time I ever came
for'ard in such a consarn as this. The first meeting of ibis
sort I attended, the purest springs of my heart was touched.
Now, my friends, if you had had the bishop here, you would
have had the first man in the country; a man of profound
knowledge—a man who has laid himself out for religious
and civil liberty; and I must say there is but one Bishop o'
Norwich." [Our readers will perhaps, after this specimen,
excuse us from further transcripts of the chairman's el°.
quence.l The chairman concluded with calling on the
secretary to read u letter he had received from the Bishop of
Norwich.
The SECRETARY, Mr. JOHN M'KENNA, after stating that
it became his duty to explain why the Bishop of Mint icb did
not piesida on that occasion, and to disabuse the public mind,
lest it should he supposed that anything like trick was used
in mentioning his name as being invited to preside, lie had
been instructed by the committee to address a letter to his
lordship, inviting him to preside on that occasion, and the
time would not allow them to wait for a reply before the bills
had to be printed; so they had printed what was correct, that
his lordship had been.invited to preside: However, though
they had been disappointed in not having him there, they
would be highly gratified on hearing Vs approbation of the
teetotal cause. The secretary then proceeded to read the
following letter :

"Woodchurch, Suffolk, July 7, 1838.
"The Bishop of Norwich being at present engaged in a
course of confirmations and visitations which will occupy him
for sometime to come, regrets that it will not befit his power to
support the Temperance Societies of Liverpool by his pre-
sence, which he would wtih pleasure have done had he peen
in their neighbourhood. I-le can only assure the committee,
that he most sincerely wishes for a continuation of success to
societies, which he knows from his own knowledge have been
so productive of benefit to the country as large.—(Applause.)
"Mr. John McKenna,
" Secretary to the Temperance Society, Liverpool"

Mr. FITZSIMMONS. an Irishman, was then called on to ad-
dress the meeting, which he proceeded to do in a strain of
rich brogue and absurdity. Ile said "Id was a ;Arising con-
thrast to say such a large portion oy dhe thruly virtuous,
honourable, and philanthropic portion of society ass-sembled
together to aid in promote:' one of the most beneficial favours
dhat was ever conferred on mankind." He would not insult
the hatrdience by attempting to prove the vast advantages of
the society to mankind. He was surrounded by a host of
champions who were ready at any moment to cover with dis-
grace any man who would have the temerity to attempt to
throw any obstacle in the way of the great cause they advo-
cated. [We positively quake in our shoes!] The speaker
then proceeded to enlighten the audience by telling them be
was an Irishman and a catholic, and was in "lineal succes-
sion from their forefather in Christ, the illustrious Saint
Patrick, who had first planted the standard of the cross
in Ireland, and that he (,Fitzsimmon, not St. Patrick,)
would not depart one iota from his principles. To which the
audience cried " Question," and lie came to the question by
quoting O'Leary about religion; but, by gradual steps, got
worked round again to " intoxicating drink," and then pro-
ceeded to prophesy on the wonderful progression of the socie-
ty through the land. " There was not a grade in society in
which they should not run through, as blood through the
ramifications of an arm!" There Was no power on earth could
sustain them, if they were united among themselves. Drunk-
ards, who it was the object of this society to reform, broke
every commandment of the decalogue they polluted the
very atmosphere around them by the profaneness of their
bad example. This society " was calculated to remove
all obstructions." (" Throw physic to the dogs" after this!)
He had been what was called a "moderate drinker," and
had been gradually drawn by it into the vortex of dissipation
and ruin, and concluded with announcing, that circum-
stances would, in all probability, prevent him from address-
ing them again !
ltev. Mr. BEAR nsati,, of Manchester, next spoke
with the peculiar style and affected pronunciation of a ranter-
parson. He commenced with quoting a verse, the first lines
of which. in the peculiar twang of these reverends, we un-
derstood to be--
" We cab, we cob, we cob,
And rouse the tem-perance watchword, Lin-erty."
He knew there was a general impression abroad that they
put tee-totalism in the place of religion; but such was not
the case. They were anxious to give food to their fellow-
men in its substantial form, and to take from them liquid
poison, on which they had been too long feeding, deriving no
strength from it. He then descanted at considerable length
on negro slavery, and argued that as they had striven to set
the negroes free, they should now strive to set white men
free from the slavery of drink. Their society had demon-
strated that this could be done. He never was so free as
now; before he joined this society the moderate use of in-
toxicating drinks had continually drawn hint with its allure-
ments; but now his health was better, and strength greater,
and with a delicate constitution he could go through labour
on the Sunday, which he was convinced no other man of
similar constitution could go through, with even the mode-
rate use of one glass of wine per day. He would now retire
to make way fur the peculiar talents which tee-totalism had
called forth.

The band here played the Teetotal March—
The landlord kick'd me out of doors,
• And I will never get drunk again."

Mr. Kay briefly announced the fact, that as negro slavery
bad been alluded to, intelligence bad been received, that the
slaves of Jamaica, and of British Guiana were to be set free
on the fist of August next. (Great cheering.) They had
agitated till negro slavery had been put an end to, and he
hoped they would agitate till white slavery—drunkenness
was put an end to. It was the greatest curse that ever came
upon England.
The CHAIRMAN called upon the band to play " God save
the Queen," in honour of the freedom to the slaves of the
West Indies.
Mr. GOODS, of Preston, then came forward to address the
meeting, who, notwithstanding his name, turned out a com-
plete butterfly of eloquence. We but do him justice when
we say, his speech was powerful, argumentative, and elo-
quent: it was the speech of the evening, and was the saving
clause of the meeting. He spoke at considerable length,
and gave several vivid and true pictures of the misery and
wretchedness which are entai!ed by the drunkard on himself
and family by indulging in his degrading and brutalising
propensity. They could not wonder at the ignorance of the
working classes, nor at the fearful increase of crime, when
they considered the error that had been promulgated abroad,
and attempted to he established, that intoxicating liquors
were necessary for man. Man was fitted for happiness with-
out this acquired taste. His constitution was not fitted by
nature for this exciting drink; and if it were said that it was
necessary for his happiness, he could imagine no satire so
bitter as to suppose that the most finished work of God
required the addenda of intoxicating liquors to contribute
to his happiness. (" Hear, hear," and loud cheers,)—
What were the advantages they proposed to confer on a man
by a pint of beer a day ? He would maintain that he was as
good a man either morally, intellectually, or physically, as any
man who took his pint of beer a day, and he never tasted it,
or other intoxicating liquor. Many would not read of the
evils of drink or of the little bepefit they could derive from it,

for fear of the "sstill small voice" of conscience. They dared
not read; knowledge would be fatal to them. They dared
not investigate, for truth would triumph, which was not what
they wished; they wanted to be believed to be in the truth.
The scriptures were brought forward to prove the allowance
of intoxicating liquors; but, before the invention of dis-
tilling, the wines of the ancients were not at all of the in-
toxicating character of those now in use, fermentation not
being able to make them so; and the man who drank his
wine unmixed with water, was considered worse than a hea-
then. If the mere sanctioning of scripture to the use of wine
were constituted into an approval, Scripturearight be made to
approve of many gross vices, which other parts of it condemn-
ed, as it did drunkenness and wine drinking. It was contra-
ry to the physical constitution of man to be benefited by
strong drink.; his organization was best suited to thrive
on a total abstinence from it. It was, therefore, evident
that the AlMiglity had imposed on loan, in his formation,
such laws that they conid not but think He never intended
us to drink strong liquors. They saw the young man of
great promise entering into life, and watched him putting
forth his energies, mixing with his fellows, and conducting
himself in a way that was honourable to his manhood;
they saw him lead to the altar an amiable and accom-
plished woman, paying a devoted and willing homage
of affection to her, and receiving from her the most
noble and disinterested sacrifice which it was possible
for a human being to give—she gave herself, and with
herself her all. After a few years the vile sin of drun-
kenness brought poverty on their once happy home, and
look then at the change, at that poor broken-hearted girl!
See her as she waves to and fro besides the morsel of fire,
under the agonies of broken affection. She thinks of the
happy days of tier childhood, and of the blooming promises
of her womanhood. She thinks of what she was and what she
is; while the cruel author of her distresses engages in distant
revelry, reckless of consequencess, rushing further into ruin.
He returns to his house, and offers to his almost heart-broken
wife nothing but a sot's disgusting brutality. Could they
wonder that affection in such a moment as this should be
broken assuuder, and that the miserable wife should desire
death, not to make her more happy, but to put an end to her
sorrows? Let them look to the streets at the outcasts there,
through this vice denied the privilege of a home, awl with-
out a heart to love. Let them who had sisters robbed of their
affection from strong drink;' let them who had mothers, who
could feel as none beside could feel; let their hearts bleed
for their injuries : let them go back to the paths of virtue, for-
sake strong drink, and these evils which resulted from the
use of it would cease. The speaker concluded amidst loud
applause.
PROFESSOR GREENBANK was next called forward. After
a few introductory observations he proceeded to recite a long
poem, commencino.
" Oh, bright water, bright water for me—
Leave wine for the tremulous debauch&"
He then proceeded to deliver or rather recite, verbatim, the
same speech as he delivered last year, which ended in a
comparative failure of effect, and about which we think it
doing him a kindness to say no more.
Mr. En. JONES, called on by the chairman, proceeded to
sing in good style, and with a very tolerable voice, to the
tune of the " Old English Gentleman," what was called a
teetotal song. We endeavoured to take notes of it as he was
singing it, and make it out as follows:

I will sing you a new temperance song
Of a young tee-totaller, who had a nice estate,
And he kept up his mansion at a good tee-total rate,
With his little nice tee-total wife that earned her sweet estate,
And he was a stanch teetotaller, one of the present time.

His house was bung about with pictures fine to view,
And rich and beauteous furniture was ranged around all new ;
And every night, when toil was o'er, he would seat him in
his pride,
And quaff his Sampson just to support his inside,
For he was a tee-totaller, one of the present time.

The winter, with his frost and snow, shed darkness o'er each

scene,
He felt how happy he was then to what he once had been ;
And he never suffered unrelieved the cravings of the poor,
He gave as much as he could snare, he could not well give
inure. _

4,4,J• •
For he was a tee-totaller,"oue of the present time.
He used to beat his wife and drink, and spend his hard-
earned gains
In wine-wash and jerry-broth *.o steal away his brains;
His coat was out at elbows, and his bat without a crown,
In fact he was a common pest—a nuisance to the town,
Before he turned tee-totaller, one of the present time.
But now so happy is his life, so nicely he is dressed,
He never beats his little wife, but clasps ber to his breast,
And if a tear is in her eye, it is for joy that he
Left off his beastly drunkenness, and turned out to be
A real staunch teetotaller, one of the present time.
Now surely this is better far than all their ale or wine,
And if you wish real happiness, you will come and sign;
For I contend that abstinence has done great things for me,
For once I wanted a little drop, but none now you see,
For I'm a staunch teetotaller, one of the present time.

This morceau was loudly encored.
Mr. HANKER next followed, and stated, he had been 20
years a drunken dragoon, and through drink got discharged,
and was reduced to a street-sweeper at Manchester, and
had raised himself from that degraded situation to comfort
and plenty, by abandoning his former course of living, and
happiness and contentment at home had taken the place of
misery, revilings, and bickerings, his pride being now to see
his children well-dressed and respectable rather than Miss
Susannah, the innkeeper's daughter, a fine lady with his
money. He was better in health, end had ceased
patronizing the doctor's shop and wanted now no pills but
baker's pills, and his intellects were none the worse for
having given over hiccuping out at the ale-house bench
" We'll not go home till morning."
A vote of thanks was passed to the Bishop of Norwich for
his answer to the application made to him; it was announced
that the " inimitable Grubb" would speak to night; a
Doxology was sung, and the meeting broke up at ten
o'clock.

THE LIVERPOOL CLERGY ENDOWMENT BILL.—In the
House of Commons, on Friday last, this bill was ordered to
be bruught in by Lord Sault(); and Mr. Cresswell.
Mr. Kennedy, the poet, author of the Siege of Athens, and
lately editor of the Hull Advertiser, has gone out to Canada,
and is appointed by Lord Durham one of his lordship's se-
cretaries.

The Sirius, steamer, arrived at Plymouth 16th instant, at
noun, sailed from New York on the-Ist; having landed the
mail she proceeded to London the same day.

ZOOLOGICAL GA lIDENS.—The extraordinary exhibition
of Mount Vesuvius in a state of eruption wits be repeated
on Monday evening, It will bear seeing many times.
PICTUR Es IN BOLD-STREET.—These fine pictures have ex-
cited considerable attention, and have been visited by num.
hers of persons. As the period is very limited for their stay
in this town, we recommend an early inspection.
The Great Western steam-ship will sail from Bristol to-
morrow, Saturday, for New York Madame Vestris and Mr.
Charles Matthews, who are going on a theatrical excursion
to the United States, will lie amongst•the passengers. They
were expected to have gone by the Royal William. The
Postmaster has given notice, that letters posted before 2h
45 p. m. on Friday, and the postage to Bristol paid, will be
in time for the steamer.

Marshal Soult, attended by the Marquis of Dalmatia,
Marquis de Morndy, &c., will leave town on Saturday morn-
ing early, for Liverpool. His excellency will return to town
on Monday night. His excellency had made arrangements
to embark at the Tower on the following day; but, on ac-
count of her Majesty's diplomatic banquet on the 25th, it is
generally thought the gallant marshal will postpone his de-
parture until the 26th instant.—[.onion paper.
In another part of our publication will be found an adver-
tisement fur an assistant-surgeon to the Dispensaries. This
additional officer has beer rendered necessary by the resolu-
tion of the committee, in compliance with the wishes of the
subscribers in Evertor and riirkdale, to extend the limits of
the visiting surgeons of the institution. A very important
benefit will thus be conferred upon a large and rapidly in-
creasing population; but as the funds of the charity are at
the same time extremely low, we hope it will stimulate the
friends of the sick and poor to renewed and more strenuous
exertions, and that an early and earnest appeal on behalf of
this most valuable institution will be made by the ministers
of religion.

EXCITEMENT.—A man drinks three 'glasses, and he is in a
state of excitement. A person receives a box on the ear, and
be is excited. You stick your elbow in your neighbour's
soup at table, and be is excited, You kick him with a sharp
toed boot, and he is excited. You pull his nose and spit in
his face, and he is excited. In fact you can do nothing in
the world without creating excitement—save one thing ; hire
a man by the day, and such an example of coolness and
Christian patience he will exhibit, is enough to kill good
folks.—American Paper.

SECOND EINTION.

Standard Office, Three o'Clock.

LIVERPOOL MARKETS.

CORN EXCHANGE.-FRIDAY, JULY 20,1838.

The limited supplies from Ireland and our own coast, men-
tioned on Tuesday, have been since very little increased by
arrivals from those quarters, and we have only to report 600
qrs. of Wheat, and 430 qrs. of Peas from abroad.

With much firmness on the part of holders, there have
been but moderate transactions in the trade for free Grain
between Tuesday last and to-day; and at this morning's
market, partly owing to the scanty show of Wheat samples,
buyers appeared disinclined to purchase to any extent; we
had consequently littlb business passing in this article, fur
which the full quotations of our last circular may be repeated.
Good fresh Flour continues to meet a steady sale, and quite
as much money realized : inferior qualities neglected.
Fine Malt is in moderate request at late prices, but we
have no demand for inferior parcels. Beaus and Pease,
with little inquiry, unaltered in value. The demand for Oats
is but limited to-day, but there are so few prime lots offering
that holders of such have obtained quite as high, or a shade
higher, prices; other sorts are, however, altogether unim-
proved. In Oatmeal, a ri.oderats business done.
Bonded Grain and Flour.—A further advance has been
obtained on Wheat, 7s. 9d. having been paid for very superior
red, and a fair quantity having changed hands since Tues-
day. The transactions in Flour are about 600 barrels old
States', at 285., and a small quantity of fresh European at
295. to 30s. per barrel.
