AUSTRIA.

VIENNA, DEC. 27.—A pamphlet printed elsewhere, "On
Reform in Hungary," was fur a short time spoken of here.
We pity the ill-informed, if they can for a moment be induced'
by such misrepresentation to believe; that injustice is in any
way done to Hungary. How willingly would the Emperor
remedy the most crying abuses, and the arbitrary abuses of the
magnates, or introduce a more humane system with respect to
the slavery of the peasantry, (for even vassalage is too mild a
term for this state of things.) But his hands are tied. The
chamber of the magistrates and of the new allies vie with each
other in the strict assertion of their privileges. Nothing can
be more absurd than the complaint of high duties on merehan-
dize entering the hereditary states. The Hungarians have no
land-tax, nor any direct taxes whatever; what can be more
reasonable than that their productions should pay a higher
duty to make up in some measure the difference between Ilun-
gary and the other parts of the monarchy, where land tax and
other taxes are so heavy ? The concession of a national army,
to be commanded by Ilungarian officers only, would be highly
dangerous iu these times. At present the promotion of the
officers goes through all the divisions of the Austrian army
without any distinction of provinces; but the Hungarian
regiments themselves are unmixed; all to to the lowest rank
are national Hungarians. There is at Vienna a distinct Hun-
garian noble guard, and a separate chancery, at which the
Chancellor is always a Hungarian. How many Hungarian
generals and statesmen of the highest reputation are there in
the empire

WEST INDIES.
By the arrival of the Lapwing Packet, a file of Barbadoes
and Trinidad papers have been received to the end of Novem-
ber. It appears that thd Governor of the Dutch colony of
Surinam: had issued a proclamation prohibiting all British mer-
chant vessels trading to that port. It was said this was iu con-
sequence of apprehensions being entertained of having, the
slaves smuggled away, and of the introduction of dangerous
opinions among them. Much public excitement prevailed at
Antigua, and the house of Assembly had presented an address
to the Governor upon the subject of seditious publications being
circulated, and of the general licentiousness of the press.
Showers of hail had fallen on several of the islands; and in
islartinique iu particular, where the temperature had been
unusually cold. At Barbadoes heavier rains bad fallen than
