TO CORRESPONDENTS.

The communications from the Isle of Mang relative to Douglas
harbour, and the anomalous and invidious laws of that small
island, will appear, if possible, in our next.
An article on the subject which C. E. S. so ably discusses, has
Le?ti omitted for want of room.
‘ST knov; something of the conrederacy to Which "attigiNEtt
alludes, and the license given to the party to libel those upon
whom he and his employer live; but owing to the embar-
rassed circumstances of the latter person, we do not think
this the proper time to take up the subject.
A• 13. D. has no more notion of architecture than a cow has of
astronomy.
Kate's rhymes are passable enough, but her meaning is to us
wholly
" Egerton's reflections on the Comet" will keep. Will the
author favour us with his name, and a few explanations?
Conservative will find the.subject to which he alludes treated on
an.early day. •
We thank S for his letter. The subject will not be forgotten.

'rfjt iLibtrpool eStanDatb.

TUESDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 21, 1835

We have received New York papers which reach to the I
very late date of the 2d instant. It will be seen from
some extracts below, that a meeting had been called to
form an anti-slavery society for the state of New York,
the object of which is to demand immediate emancipa-
tion ! The requiSition was stated to have been signed
by fifty-eight clergymen.
In this we discover only the beginning of the troubles
Of America.. We have already heard of innumerable out-
rages, of gross violations of law, and of inhuman mur-
ders committed, some by mistake, but all upon the il-
liberal and barbarous plea of suspected danger. Inno-
cent men have been hanged on false charges; but which
charges, even if substantiated, would not. have exposed
them to criminal far less capital punishment in any civilized
nation of the world. The suspicion, however, which.
had provoked the mortal ire of the republicans, in the
best of all free and well-regulated countries, where the
doctrines of equality are
.most ostentatiously recognised,
has now assumed a more tangible and formidable shape,
to such.an extent that if ten men were hanged without
"law and justice" as was stated, an. hundred men must
now be sacrificed in the attempt to silence the new epos-
ties of emancipation.
Can this be donell.The northern states have taken
lip the question .on higher grounds. Conventions are
formed to do that •by -union- which has hitherto been es_
saved only by individuals. In the ratio of zeal on the
-Part-of the slave_asyne.rs a counteracting ferce has been,
gathered by the -emancipationists. Popular power has
:been arrayed against united interests. The decision does
not depend upon the inflnenee.of prinCiple over numbers,
but upon the result of equally. combined numbers. It is
,a question of state against state--of the north versus the
mouth—of slavery against liberty.
We have looked forward to this. From the first hour.
`,that modern philanthropy in England, aided by quack-
cry and whiggery, triumphed over the rights of pro-
perty in the West Indies, we saw that the. United States
'of America would be. -the Itist,..the most reluctant, and
the most powerfully debateable gronnd'on this all itnpor-
tant question. The
:struggle has come, ,we confess,
'sooner than we expected. The voice of the emancipated
in our colonies has reached the main land of America
'many tides earlier than we anticipated. It has come upon
them like-a flood; we hope its ravages will not be like
the deluge; but we fear the worst.
The following are the extracts to which we have al-

luded „
An extract from the office of the Oneida Standard and Demo-
crat, printed at Utica, contains a notice signed by three hun-
dred and sixty two persons, residing in different parts of the
state, calling a " State Convention of the friends of immediate
emancipation," to be held at Utica on the 21st of October
next, !• for the purpose.of forming a State Anti-slavery Society
for the State of New York." Of the signers of this notice fifty-
`,eight are clergymen' The following •is the notice.
To THE FRIENDs OF [MMEOIATE EMANCIPATION IN THE STATE

OF NEW YOKE.

If the cordial co-operation and energetic action,of the friends
'qf human rights were ever demanded, by the conditton_of our
Country and the wrongs of our fellow men, they are so at the
present moment. The friends of immediate emancipation,
standing as they do on the firm ground of these immutable prin-
.ciples, which are the basis of all true freedoni, owe it to the
cause of truth and justice to adopt such measures, as shall rin-
Alicate the doctrines of American liberty, and prevent our
valued republican institutions front becoming a cloak to the
most odious and irresponsible despotism. It is plain that the
privileges of the free are now doomed as asacritice on the altar
of perpetual slavery. The whole American people are bound
together by common interests and obligatioes, and it would
seem .as if a righteous Providence has deunicti that we shall be
speedily all free or all slaves together.
Believing that we have a high
.duty to perform in this crisis,
-and that upon the issue of the present conflict depend both the
(testifies of human liberty and the blessiugs of our holy reli-
gion, we desire to meet the occasion as become men, christiaus,
and Americans. For the purpose of proinoting a more extended
co-operation and a more vigorous action in this holy cause, we
therefore invite a state convention, of the friends of immediate
emancipation, to be held in the city of Utica, on Wednesday,
the 21st of October next, at 10 o'clock A. M. for the purpose of
I-brining a state anti-slavery society fur the state of sew York.
All anti-slavery societies; recognizing the duty of immediate
-emancipation, are invited to send delegates. In places where
no society is organized, those friendly to the cause are invited
'to meet 'and chaose delegates. Individuals throughout the
'state and from other states holding the principles of the Ame-
rican Anti-Slavery Society, and willing to co-operate in their
support and extension, are invited to take seats in the conven-
tion.

RENEWAL. OF HOSTILITIES.
DETROIT, (M. T ) SEPT, 17.—A report reached us yesterday
that fresh difficulties had broken out on our border, which has
proved more serious than anything which has yet taken place.
In an attempt on the part of the Michigan authorities to arrest
and commit the judges, who had attempted to exercise unlawful
jurisdiction, a skirmish ensued, in which fire-arms were called
into requisition, and the sheriff of Monroe, Air. 'Wood, who was
'hot long since wounded with a knife in a similar affray, received
,2 ball through the arm, from one of the rebels. We learn that
:Major Wing, of Monroe, immediately marched down a rein-I
lurcement of one hundred men—and reports arc eurrent here
:that citir troops will again be called out
FARTHER EFFECTS OF THE GALE.
( From the Charleston papers.)
titinct of a letter, dated the Barrow, (Cooper River,) Sept:
20:—" I have sent you a circular with accounts of the destrue7
lion in this settlement on the river, which is truly distressing,
trtirn the wind and tide, as far as 1 have heard. 1 will commence
first at Buckhall, being the most unfortunate of all the rest. It
bas three breaks, two of which are about sixty feet wide each,
the other about one hundred and twenty feet wide, all of which
are tram ten to fourteen feet deep, and something like one
hundred acres of rice in the field mostly stalked up; the ba-
lance Was en the stubble, but now afloat in every direction, the
stacks floatilig over the cross banks and dropped on the fields
that were standing, and a great part gone into the river. Such
'destruction I never saw before. One small break and several
rents in the banks of Old Mulberry. At Pawleys, a large
break from sixty to seventy feet wide, about fourteen or fifteen
acres of rice iu the field, but I have stopped that by a half-moon
wnd will save most of the rice. Exeter, a small break, but
the rice ,vas standing in the field and not much damage ; and it
is stopped at South Mulberry, where there was fortunately no
break. I have' heard that they have a break or a trunk blown
' out at Doekon, the rice down in the field. One break at Ell-
wood 40 feet wide by 15 deep, mended on Saturday, rice in the
fields. Two breaks at Mr. A.'s, rice in the field. Farelawn 6
breaks, though not bad, souse mice down and some standing,
and cotton ail in the field. I have not heard from liewislield •

there I have my fears. All young rice with corn peas crops
have suffereemost seriously by the whipping ,of the wind. , The
tide was higher than 1 have ever seen it here on Friday night,
but was much moderated yesterday morning. The destruction
is too bad to think of."

We present the following; as ore of the many studied
Worts of popular mendacity which are weekly; if not

praCtised upon the people of America, and which
with the uninitiated piss for wit'. In a London paper
(the Globe) a story was told a few months ago of a cod-
fish having been caught with a fall-grown child in its
stomach ; but the hoax was so apparent that few persons,
if any,.beyond the gobeinouche of An editor who inserted
it believed the story. In the case to which we are about
to call attention, it is so well suited to the mental calibre
of the vast majority of "citizens," that we have no doubt
some,millions of persons believe it. We extract it only
for the amusement of our readers :

MOST HORRIBLE CATASTROPHE.-It o'l seldom that we are
called upon to record a more horrible pi shocking occurrence
than that described in the annexed extract from a letter dated
Boieville, Miss., August 13th, 1135,-
" A mast singular and ti.'itgitC,Alcident took place in this vil-
lage thakAias cast a gloom over the spirits of all the citizens,
and clothed one of our most respectable families in mourning.
Preparations had been for some time making to erect a large
four story mill and manufactory in the east part of the village,
and Tuesday last was appointed for the raising. As it was a
matter in which the public bud taken a great interest,y the whole
population of the surrounding country assembled, arrangements
were made for 'a large dinner party, and a bough-house was
erected for the females. With a view of surprising the women,
some young men had the night previous secreted in a thick
grove of bushes, about two hundred vardi from the bough-
house, a nine-pound field-piece heavily Loaded, intending to dis-
charge it when the party were seated at the table.
.Uufortunately
it was pointed directly at the opening of the bough-house.
"Some wretch in the mean time had taken a cat, confined its
-legs, and placed it in the gun. When the party were seated at
the table the caution was fired. Mrs. Blakeson, the wife of the
chief magistrate of the village, who was at the head of the
table, had that instant risen for some purpose, when the cat
struck her just below the shoulders, and passed through her
body; she uttered a single scream and fell lifeless into the arms
of a lady who was next to her—she was a highly accomplished
and interesting lady, and the mother of seven children, the
eideit being but six years old.
"The cat passed over the whole length of the table, upsetting
several decanters and pitchers, and its head was driven through
an inch board at the east end of the bough-house where it
lodged; and what is most extraordinary, although stunned and
apparently dead, it has recovered and is now alive and well.
"The authorities have offered a reward of five hundred dollars
for the conviction of the miscreant who was the author of this
diabolical piece of mischief."-'- Western Herald—(or Richard
Adams Locks.)

It is confidently asserted by some persons who profess
to be acquainted with.political and party movements that
there will be a dissolution of parliament before the end

of December. We have no information on the subject;
but in looking at the state of public affairs as concerns
our foreign but more particularly our domestic relations
—the incendiary and revolutionary proceedings of the
Irish mountebank—the slavish subserviency of the king's
servants—the insults heaped upon the peers—the laws

trampled upon, and the whole powers of the government
in the hands of ONE MAN—and that man the denounced
of the very ministers who now cringe before him and
kiss the dust at his feet—when we calmly consider this
extraordinary state of things, it is difficult to believe that

it can last much longer.
When we see the rules which govern society, even in
a single family, inverted, the lackey playing the lord, the
footman slapping his master's brother in the face, the
Irish coachman kicking the butler, and the housemaid
telling her young mistress that she must obey, not com-
mand, we may conclude that either the family, from some
unknown cause or undivulged crime, are completely in
the power of the servants, or that the police will speedily
put an end to such a scene. At any rate we must be-

lieve that such a state of insubordination must inevitably
bring disgrace upon the one pasty and ruin upon the
other.

This, with due'deference be it spoken, is precisely the
situation of the King, his ministers, and DANIEL O'CON-

NELL; and we ask if ever any King of England was
before placed in such a painful situation, or, being so
placed, how long he is likely to endure it ?
DANIEL O'CONNELL has in open day, and in the hear-
ing of thousands of his ignorant and misguided country-
men, most foully and wickedly slandered the House of
Lords, and through the peerage he has levelled a studied
insult at the King as the fountain-head of nobilit3 . He
has assailed the King's brother, a man who never of-
fended him—who never came in contact with him—in

language that would disgrace a drunken ruffian in a street
broil, and which ought to exclude him, and would exclude
any other man or any similar ruffian, from all decent so-
ciety, even in the humbler ranks of life. This O'Cox-
NELL has done without any personal provocation what-

ever. But suppoing he had received, or imagined he
had received, some, affront from any peer, or even from

;he House of-Lorilsittself, there is no provocation or a

front which could have warranted such blackguard and
brutal abuse. It was language which no. gentleman,
which no tradesman, which no English yeoman or la-
bourer would have endured or could have listened to,
without sending him home upon a shutter or punishing
him to the last. half-inch of his life. Gentlemen do not
often resort to such violent extremities; but O'CoN-.

NELL, who is not a gentleman, and whO refuses the satis-
faction of one under the cover of a fiction, or rather a
convenient fraud, would in England have justly exposed
himself to such treatment.
However, having thus grievously insulted the King's
brother, and heaped the most disgusting terms upon the
whole order of British peers, and through them upon
Majesty itself, we find O'CONNELL, before the brutal in-
sult was two days old, and hardly before the ink with
which he bad written his most atrocious libel was dry, a
welcome and happy guest at the board of the King's re-
presentative in Ireland—bandying compliments with
Lord MLJLGRA4E, whose master the King.is—permitted
to display his vulgar arrogance at the table of the vice-
royl and glory in the obloquy he had cast upon the here-
ditary nobility of England and upon the royal family it-
self!

Lord MULGRAVE either did or he did not know that
O'CoNNELL had been guilty of the abominable and scur-
rilous attacks to which we have alluded. If he did not,
then we contend that he Was the only man in the three

kingdoms who was ignorant of them. But it is wasting
words to assume this silly hypothesis even for the sake
of argument. His excellency knew it as well as the ruf-
fian himself. He was no stranger to DANIEL'S reckless
invectives in England and Scotland. He could not have
been ignorant of his slanders against the Duke of CUM-
BERLAND. No, we would not believe the contrary under
any circumstances whatever. The fellow came reeking
from the stews, with all the infamy of calumny fresh upon
him, into the presence of the Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland
and he came invited by Lord MutoaAvs himself; and in
a full and just participation of that infamy the noble lord:
has plunged himself and his court. He has opened the
doors of the Castle of Dublin to this filthy and slander-
ous mendicant, and he has consequently shut them, and.
those of his private residence to hoot, wherever he may
locate -himself, against all that is pure, noble, loyal, and
exemplary of the aristocracy of Great Britain.
But even this recoiling act of degradation and whole-
some punishment is no satisfaction to the offended feel-,
ings of the sovereign, his family, and the lords. • Tt.e
apology and the satisfaction are not due from the Irish
viceroy, but from the King's prime minister, Lord.MEL-
BOURNE. We 'have heard of no disclaimer on his part
in'reference to the conduct of 01CoNNELL. We believe
that Lord MELBOURNE has not been admitted into the
royal presence since O'CONNELL has been suffered to
pour upon the King's family and the peerage his tinker's
curse. But will Lord MELBOURNE be allowed to remain
silent—countenancing the slander by his silence, and
taking no step to vindicate to the King that which the
subjects of the King imperiously demand ? We hope
not—we earnestly trust he will not. A King, in the no-
bleness of his generosity, may personally forgive that
which his people will not and ought not to forgive. The
honour and dignity of :the crown would be compromised
by permitting Lord MULGRAVE to remain another week
at the head, even the nominal head, of the government
of Ireland. The peerage of England, the aristocracy of
England, all the intelligent people of England, demand
his immediate recall. They will never rest satisfied until
he is punished in the most marked manner for the atro-
'cious insults lie has countenanced -in the person of
O'CONNELL ; and, come when it may, they will never be
content until the degradation of Lord MULGRAVE is coml
inensurate to his offence.
This is the rational and common-sense view of the
case according to the judgment of those who have a right
to speak first in the name of the insulted, derided, and
calumniated people 'Of tfigland ; and it may have been
the impression which this sense of ditty and justice leavei
which hai leif f 8 flil conclusion that the recall of Lord
MtrnettAiri i 4 tigntttitin bf Lotd
