HOUSE OF COMMONS, THI4ZSDAY, AUGUST 1:

The gaLery was opened at a quarter past twelve o'clock.
On the motion of Mr. LM'evre, the house resolved itself into
committee on the Highways 1311, and preceeued as far as the
2ith c.aase, with the addition of a few verbal amendments, not
materially affecting the princip.e of the
In answer to an observation from Mr. 11. llandley,
Mr. LEYEV.:I; said he had no hope of carrying the :till through
during the present session, being very anxious to have every
c!ause am mp.y on-issed. ft was his intention, however, to pro=
cced with it as far as poreibie.
At three o'clock the Chairman (Mr. Bannerman) reported
progress, and obtained leave to sit again that day se'rmight.

The house resumed at five o'clock.
EQUALIZATION OF S, GAR DUTIES.
Mr. EWAIIT rose to move a resolution, " that it is just and
expedient to admit the sugar and coffee. of our East. Indian
possessions (the produce of free labour) on erinai terms with
tae sugar and malee of the West Indies anti Mauritius." lie
referred to the grant which had outs, last night passed the
house, which the present age deemed au act of geneiosiy,
which after-times might designate as an act of prodigality ;
but under either title, the c.aims of the country for mote un-
restricted commerce were confirmed by it, and he thought it
gave to the subject now before them a peculiar claim to the
consideration of Parliament. The princiine that no disadvan-
tageous distinction of duty should prevail against our eastern
colonies was conceded in the case of ceitain articles. Why.
should it not be conceded in the case of colonial produce gene-
raily ? Wheat and flour, the produce of India, came under
equai duties with the wheat and flour of Canada. Why should
our East India sugar pay 325., white our West India sugar paid
21s. per cwt.? sl'hy. should the coOe of Hiudoostan pay
l3d. pee lb. while \Vest Inlian coffee paid oiny bd., and Last
India ruin be liable (if introduced) to a (tiny of Ids. per
,tattoo, while West India ruin was admissible at Os. 3.i. ?
Ile called the attention of the house to the great difference
in the amount of our East and West India printout,. lie-
turns recently laid before the house showed that last Neat the
We.it Indies and Mauritius sent us about 4,060,(Mewt. of sugar,
whi.e the bound'ess regions of India sent only about B:•fartAlcvt.
So of coffee. The coffee last rear imparted frau) the West
[modes amounted to about 2030,0,011 M; white all the coffee
imported from our eastern colonies did not amount to half that
importation. Was there not a probability that a diminution of
duty svouat increase the sopp y Polo India? lie referred to
the immense increase in the-sugar production of the I\lintritius
since the teduction of the duties on &timid:Ms sugar in 1625.
The production in the Mauritius was now nearly fivefold what
it was in that year. With regard to co tee, it was a common
subject of observation, -that since the dots was towered to 6d.
per ill. in 182,1, tile consaininion had immeiisely increased. Bat
if there had been no restrienive duty, he (Mr. Ewart ) main-
tained that the increase wourd have been much rame consider-
ante. Ihe demand of 'the consumer of this count-ry was pent
in aal circumscribed within the narrow dents ot the West
supply. Toe consuuitnion Would have been much
H.;renter but for this restriction. The consumption of the
United States had enormously increased, and far ex-
' ceened our own. This he (Mr. Ewart) attributed to the
reduction of their duties an'd the freedom of their trade.
Almost all the foreign coffee Which we import into this country
is nowt re-expo:tell : very little eaters into home consumptmin '
thinerly the greatest portion of our West Indian- coffee was F
re-expotied: it DOW is almost the exclusive supp.y of our home
mai ken 'a he counti y, he maintained, would use more coflee.if
it were more liberaby admi.ted. It did not use moim simply
because it could not 'modiste it with facility, not because it old
not want it. He maintained that. Biazil coffee and St. Do-
mingo, of equairy good quality with Jamaica ci fire, could be
suppded to ihis country ,ine-third cheaper than the coffee of
Jnuntica. Ile askid wh'ye they old not give facilities to the ad-
mission of both the sugar-and the coffee of those countries ?
hy, above all, did they not give fain:inks to the admission or
those articles from Hindustan ? Ihe connexion of that peat
region with this conatry gave it a peculiar c.aiin to every possi-
ble relief. It min at be said that India cooed not supply us with
sugaf or with coffee. It' so, why need our .West India colonis:s
:car its competition ? But, if then ..ever was a time when it
was expedient to encourage the labour of India, it was now,
when that vast country was op, tied to British enterprise, inaus-
ti y, and science. He (Sir. Ewan) Unimak that it a eultiva-
thea of sugar and coffee in Intria might be materially
Ile drew his hifesence on this subject limn the evidence now
on the table of the house. 'Dr. \VaLick, an eminent naturalist,
when examined before the levenue sub-couninttee on the af-
firs of India, was asked, " What are the pyouncts of India
most ldemy to be of commerciai ilepottance ?" lie answers,
!` 'Sugar, cotton, coffee, silk, indigo, and tobacco." "Do you
name them in the ()islet- of their importance?:' He ansa ers,
" I place sugar before indigo, because inuigo is limited in con-
su option; sugar perfectly" anthill:cu." Mr. Gisboine (a most
competent witness) says tlntt the sugar-cane of India is as good
as that of the West loco's. Mr. Hod Mackenzie (a most
tinguished witness) says, " As far as my judgment goes, the
a
innufaciure or:sugar appears to be very conducted in It;dia;
and the land for he sugar-cane is very abundant." He con-
ceivedahat the produce of sugar might be extended by a proper
mode of imanutactule. Other witnesses (both before the lords
and Commons) gave similar evidence. With respect to coffee,
it was origina.ly itself an eastern product. The lint cutlet• taken
to the \‘' est. Inaies was conveyed by the Dutch from Batavia
to Surinam. Mr. Sunivan (in the evidence before the com-
miitee in le;31) is asked, ". Has the cudivat;on of coffee been
introduced among the (Minds ?" Ile answers, "'l'o a very
conside, able extent, and it is round to answer extremely
Other witnesses gave similar eviuence respeetin,Cchnhettoie.
Dr. Walack also sain that the lower provinces of Bengal and
the Burmese herb omits were particutuary suited to the growth
or coffee. The truth was, that time aome was requisite for
the extension of these productions. For this vet's' leason the
ought to give immediate facilities for the cultivation of them.
But be (Mr. l'aaward) asked for these faci.ities on another
ground. Had not the pcopie of Euglaud a right to the best
procurable article at the tuwest exchangeable price? Had not
our merchants this right, as an exchange for their expons ?
our manufactureis, as an exchange for their fabrics? Above
all, was not this concession due to the consumer ? If there
was one cisease of one commerce more peculiar than any
other, it was the d,ffieu.ty of ptocuring returns. It appeared
by the petitions before the house, that while we exported •
three millions' won]] of. our manufactures to Brazil, the
high duties on Brazilian produce enabled us to bring back
very littte in return. Foreign merchants and foreign, vessels
displaced our own. Why did we not give facidties to the imeor-
union of the sugar or Siam and China? Se.gor was success-
fuily eu:tivated in those countries. Sugar refining was
,first
- practised by the inhabitants of the,provinee of Fekienein
But,'above nil, he asi;ed why we did not give facilities to the
iabour of Innia? It had a paramount claim on our sense of
justice as well as on out interested feelings. The simple and
primitive manufactures of Hindoostan had been overwhelmed
ny toe gigantic machinery of Manchester. '1 lie capital and
skill of naigland had suppianted the early and Hide p; oductions
of unsophisticated amt. if we had deprived the Flinuoos of the
resource of their simple manufacture, ought we to deny them
the privitee'm svnich nature gave them of supplying us with the
gmottth of ,heir fetti e and unbountic d. plains? Mr. Ewart)
appealed to the Parliament: of this country—he appealed to the
govennnent on beha't of India as %Yeti as of England ; and he
Uelieved, that though not at fit st entirely successful, he should
not finally appeal in vain. Ile concluded by moving the reso-
.ution.
The motion having been seconded,
Lord ALI:Hoer considered the motion to be one of that kind
which' it :vas desirable the house should not entertain. Ile
thonetht it would be most. inexpecient rot the house to come to a
oecision on this question at the present lime. It was as yet im-
issible to foresee what might be the effects of the measure for
the abolition of slavery in the West Indies, and therefore lie
thought it would he premature for the house to legislate at the
present time on the subject intl.:Mut:lA by the hon. member.—
In former times, when this qaestion halt been brought tinder
the consaleratien of the house, the ease stintt in a very oifferent
sidiatien from that in wh ch it teas DOW placed. At those pe-
riods the sugar of the West Indies eery Loud) exceeded in
quantity the consump.ion of this country, and he therefore al-
ways thought that the proprietors of the West Indian colonies
were !Wife app.rehensive than they need have been at the ad-
mission/of fologn sugar: The pi ice of their sugar in this coon-
ti d. pendcd ou this pike which sugar bore ou the continent ;
and therefore they had no effectual monopoly in this country. The
case had trite, however, assumed a very nifferent appearance. In
consequence of the operation of the Slavery Apolition Bill,
there might he a great labing off ire the production of sugar,
and it woual not be vise to mgislate on this question until the
effect of that measure was seen. The h n. member might, per-
haps, say that his mown' went merely to &Clare the expediency
of equalizing the duties on sugar arid coffee; tut I:e (Lora
At-
Moro need mit tea the hon. gontieman, that if ihe house car-
ricet his motion, it ()unlit to be foiiowed ley sonic p;se.ical effect,
tail that must be an adelation in the emsiing 'lle trus ed,
therefore, that the house wou.d nut, by aequiescing in the mo•
tien, bind ilself at the present moment to any alteration of the
lie did not mean to give any opinion or patelee hinise.l
is any way on this question ; anti not uniting to meet Ms mo-
tion with a negative, the only model, ft him of deming widi it
was by moving the previeit question.
Mr. Esemer said nil the teas Itjt,ired to hear the noble for
was not ivedged on this g:eizt qumaion. nag on tat- pnn-
ti,:e as well ae tilt ploressions of the goveinumnt, he stoma,
nand to that assamace, taut womd nut press hits motion to a

COH.PORAT 1 S.
•
,Arr. KF.NNr,ny (Tivzn.ou) be tr,ppy if, oil the
4 uljQt_t ucp, ifoudi, iM suew,it to toe hott*e.,

he should receive an explanation so satisfactory as had been just
afforded to his hon. friend. lie was quite sole that dime were
no abuses so pernicious in their effects as those which existed in
our corporations, into the details of which he would not go, as a
committee had been appointed to inquite into the subject. 'l he
hon. member then asked wave to bring in a bili to regmate the
aections of magistrates iu corporate towns and Citie, and oh-
served, in conclusion, that it wou;d at least fie seen that he was
sim:ere in his desire for the success Of his object, as he in a
manner himself sacrificed his own private interests for the ad-
vantage of his cousti.ucnts and the pubic.
Lord At TnouP said that his object in moving for a committee
this year pas to iay the foundation for such ameasui a. A com-
mission was now appointed to jogai, e into the existing nature of
corporations.,and he hoped that their inquiries would be made
and conauded before the next s,ssion of ['ornament. Nri man
could be mote convinced than he was of the necessity of making
a reforni in corporations, and he should be sorry to remain a
member of any government who would not attempt it.
Mr. EN N Y said, that after What had fallen-lioth the noble
lord, he would consent to withdraw his motion.

CORPORATION OF DUBLIN

Mr. O'Ct.NNELL then inmed for leave to bring in a bill for
the better regulation of the corporation of Dubin. That cor-
poration had within itsef all the elements of good government,
and none of its leading features required to he aitered. His
objection to it was, that it was not the corporation of Dublin at
alt, but a small mouopoly of a particutar party and a particular
persuasion. His remedy was to make it ready the corporation
of Duhliu. The hun. and learned gent.eman taco entered into
a review of the hitory of the corporation of Dublin, for the
pui.pose of showing how its election, nom being originally po-
pular, had contiT.—d to hise that character entirely.
Mr. LlT'i r, would not object to the introduction of this
bid, nu the Ot- understanding that he meiciy proposed to
suhririt his views to the cousiaeration of Parliament, and did
nut intend to press the bid further this session. lie admitted
that it was necessary to make such a refoim in the corporation
of Dublin as woubl secure for it the respect and sympathy of
other parts of Ireiand. - In saying toil, he be,rged to be under-
s'o.al as giving no opinion upon the details of this
On the question being put, the mourn was agreed to.
Mr. ()TUN NELL pOSi some other motions which stood
in his name (we did not hear to what day.)
Mr. IlAtcomn postponed his motion on the subject of the
Engiish poor laws (we tinders:mai) sine die.
Mr. LITTLETON obtained leave to bring in a bill to amend
the act 10th Geo. IV, for consolidating and amending the sta-
tues in Ireland relating to ogences against the person.
Lord ALTI•IoaP, in answer to a question on the salbject, said
that. he would bring forward the Bank Charter bill (second
reading) as soon as the Slavery Abolition bi.d had, been ois-
posed or:
u the motion of Lord Althorp, the house went into com-
mittee, po fht ma, on the Factories' Regulation Bill, and the
amendments were agreed to.
'Ehe house iestoind, and the report was received and'ordeted
lobe taken into further consideration on Friday
Bill, as amended, to be printed.
Mr. AG I. toNBY gave notice for Tuesday of a motion for a bill
to facilitate ant render less expensive tile recovery of lauds and
tenements after notice to quit.
Aujounied at a quaa ter to ten o'clock.

HOUSE OF LORDS, FRIDAY, AYGI7SY 2.
The Dean Foi est boundaries bid and HolYhead roads
bilt.were read a third time and passed.
Un the motion of the Marv:is Of IVESTMEATII, the infirmary
(Ireland) hilt was real a second time, and oidcred to be com-
mitted on Tuesday next.
