IDOLATRY IN INDIA.

On Tuesday a meeting was held at the Atuphitheattie, in pur=
suance of a resolution passed at th.t late anniversary of the
Church Missionary Association, for the purpose of adepting a
netitioo, praying the legislature to interfere iu preventing the
subjection of British officers in India, military runt civil, to at-
tendance to honour heathen and idolatrous worship and cere-
monies. The boxes of the spacious amphitheatre were nearly
titled with ladies, and a considerable number or gentlemen oc-
cupied the pit. On the platform were a majority of the clergy
of the town and neighbourhood, and amongst them several
ministers of various denominations of Christians. We should
imagine about SOO persons were present, of whom about two-
thirds were ladies. ~At the appointed hour of meeting, twelve
o'clock, Adam Hoirgson, Esq., took the chair. After request-
in, the Rev. Mr. Buddicorn to open the proceedings of the
meeting with prayer
The Cu a 111 aN said, it was hardly necessary for him to state,
that the subject on which they were met was one of deep and
serious importance, involving no less than the religious charac-
ter of this cOuntry and the religious liberty of a large and meri-
torious class of their fellow countrymen in lndia. It was a sub-
ject perhaps less understood than many of those discussed in
those walls, and it would therefore be his duty briefly to lay
• before them a general statement of the case. The subject had
been Met with two or three objections at the threshold. It had
been stated, that it did not belong to the people to meddle with
questions of this kind, and that the character of the people was
greatly injured by this perpetual excitement, and that these
Quixotic expeditions to distant lands rather indicated an un-
sound than a sound feeling. These objections were not appli-
cable to the present case. It might be true that excitement was
often an evil, but it was often necessary to excite; and surely
excitement were great moral and religious questions were in-
volved was far more befitting their characters as men than in-
difference and cold selfishness. It might be said, that this was
an affair of the government and not of theirs. Were they thus
ready to leave to the spontaneous efforts of the government
those questions in which their interests were involved, or did
they not on those occasions• petition and memorialize members
of parliament as if their object was to make it more embarass-
ing to ministers to refuse than to, grant their requests ? and why
were they to be so energetic when their own interests were con-
cerned; and so callous when the interests of religion were in-
volved. (Hear ) - The rig inertice of the government was only
to be overcome•by the rivila ris anima of the people. The first
• subject for bin to bring before them was the pilgrim tax, which
was collected from the worshippers at the pagados in India.
Collectors were appointed by the British governtnent in India
to collect this tax, which was appropriated to keeping the pa-
gados in repair,- the roads to them passable, and rendering them
safe for the pilgrims to travel on; the surplus was remitted to
the treasurer of the company, 'and was sent along with other
parts of the revenue for the payment of the government. He
dared not expose to view the scenes which were carried on at
these pagados, nor the cruelties which were practised there: but
they were such as would scarcely find a parallel in any other
nation on the globe. Upwards of one million and a half ster-
ling was collected front the pilgrims to these idolatrous places
of worship in the shape of tax. ::.;o1 a clear profit of above a mil-
lion sterling was paid to the East :ndia Company. The Chair-
man then proceeded to read several extracts on the subject of
the idolatrous worship in India, and one document, addressed
by the director of the company in England to the Governor
General in India, in 1533, expressing the decided wish of the
directors that this tax should be put an end to, as it tended to
mix up the government with the direct support of the heathen
worship, by exhibiting the British power in connexion with
idolatrous practices. This document had been read in July,
1833, in Calcutta, but had produced no results, anti no steps had
been taken to put an end to the system. The Chairman then
proceeded to read a document, signed by a great number of the
ntilitary and civil officers in India. and transmitted to the go-
vernment. It was dated from the Fort of St. George, and set
• forth the grievance of the petitioneri being obliged either to
obey orders to attend at idolatrous worship and ceremonies,
fire salutes at them, and apparently partake in the worship, or
be dismissed the service. The reply to this memorial was, that
none of these practices should be discontinued without a special
order from the government, and the government had not done
anything. He felt that it was unnecessary to proceed with this
documentary evidence. He felt very certain, that he had made
out a case fro- their supervision. He would ask whether it be-
came Great Britain, so pre-eminently blessed, to defile herself
with the superstitious and abominations of India? They did
not seek to interfere with the religious rights of the people of
India; the question was, whether the British people should be-
coele participators in those rights, and derive a revenue from
then;• They had no right to compel the natives of India to
partak.e of the rites of Christian worship, but they sought also
to relieve their own suns, Christian Britons, from being cora-
-1 pelled to Like part in heathen worship, or, as the alternative,
' resign their L'ommissions. He alluded to the noble example of
Sir Peregrine ,Maitland, who, sooner than contrary to his con-
science take pa; -t in, and give honour to, idolatrous worship,
had resigned his co:ntnissiou as commander in chief at Madras,
with a pay of £15,900 a year. His name would be handed
down to posterity with a Schwartz, a Carey, a Buchanan, and
a Henry Martin. Why was this sacrifice necessary ? It was
said that if they interfered ,at all with the idolatrous worship as
at present carried on, it would endanger the stability of our
Indian empire. So they were told when they wanted] to send
their missionaries to India, anti for a long time they could only
find their way there through the Liniffi: States of America.
Would it be believed that in the 19th • century, British missron-
, aries were contraband when sailing it; British bottoms. So
they had been told when they wanted ft, prevent the immola-
tion of widows and infants. The stability of ourlndian empire,
• as if India with all his prodig,ality of wealth coold be set foT one
single moment in competition with one great immoral. Such
conduct was a degradation of the religion of their country by
their uncotnprornising fidelity to their God. It wa.s said they
ought to defer to the opinion of practical men on the ;not. If
there were any whose opinion he differed from in questions of
this kind it y-as practical men on the spot; so far as his expe-
rience went he knew no class of men whose opinions were .so
erroneous, and whose prognostications were so different from I
the event, and they were very often unable to give information
of what transpired in the adjoining street. Their suggestions
were often nothing vo.r. than the promptings of fears or indif-
ference, or an undefined fear or danger. It was said thevought
to submit to the imperial legislature of this country, to that Im-
perial legislature they were about to address themselves, and
if they did their duty he was sure the legislature would not per-
mit the continuance of laws injurious alike to the interest and
character or the state.

The 11ev. T. TA TTERSII A LL, who rose to move the first reso-
lution—" That this meeting, deeply interested in the propoga-
tion of the Gospel of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, does
sincerely regret, and boldly condemn, the obstacles thrown in
the way of that propagation, by the conduct of the government
of India, in openly encouraging the ceremonies and services of
idolatory, and deriving a revenue therefrom." It was with the
most unfeigned diffidence that he ventured to present himself
before the notice of the meeting, and if he might have consulted
his own feelings, he should have preferred being silent. But
there were cases when to be silent would be sinful, and he could
not answer to his conscience if he were not to obey the call now
tnade upon him. His mind had for some time been made ac-
quainted with the nature of the subject before them, from having
read the researches of Dr. Buchanan in India, and he could
tint but express his unfeigned regret that the subject had been
allowed so long to remain dormant ; and he prayed God, that
the sin of neglect might not be laid to his charge From the
extracts read, it ought to be remembered, that the government
in India was acting in contempt of the government at home.
It was well known, that one of the gentlemen present at the
discussion on this subject, in the Court of Directors of the East
India Company, (Sir Charles Forbes,) had expressed his regret
that a single missionary had ever been permitted to set his toot
in India. Such an expression was extremely hasty and incon-
siderate, or far more wicked; for, if deliberately uttered, it
amounted to a deliberate desire that the Elindoos should never
attain to the eternal happiness of Heaven.- He could readily
believe that that gentleman had entertained very lax ideas in-
deed respecting the religous condition of mankind, or rather of
the prospects of mankind generally, considered as accountable
beings. Perhaps he might have entertained the notion that, as
some had expressed it, heaven was a place of very easy access,
that there was one door for the Jew and another for the Chris-
tian, and another fur time Mahommedan and another for the
H indoo • he (Mr. Tattershall) should like him to read one of
the articles of the Church of England, where it was set out that
"through the name of Jesus Christ only men must be saved."
He could only pray, that this gentleman might come to the
knowledge of the value of his own soul, and then he would know
the value of the souls of others. Mr. Tattershall then proceeded
to read extracts from Dr. Buchanan's work, showing the nature
of the worship of Juggernaut, and the practices of the pilgrims
who paid the tax to perform them, which went to enrich the cof-
fers of the English government. " When 50 miles from Jugger-
naut," says the Doctor, " We know we are approaching it from
the human bodies which are strewed by the way." The extract
then went on to describe the arrival of large bodies of pilgrims,
who kept continually shouting in honour of Juggernaut as they'
arrived, and who were continually dying in the fields and open
air from fever, and dysentery, and famine; some front improper
exposure in their pilgrimage from the northern parts of Hindos-
tan, and some from famine, in not having had enough to support
life in the journey on which they had set out. Hundreds of
women were crushed to death by the pressure of the crowd,
whilst the fields around were strewed with the dead and the
dying, their unburied bodies) being devoured by the dogs and
the vultures. It was estimated by the 11ev. Mr. Ward that 4000
pilgrims perished every year on the roads to the holy places. These
idolatrous festivals to which the pi4iriuts came were in a great
measure sustained and encouraged by the receiving of the pil-
grim tax. He did not mean to charge the government in India
with designedly bringing all this miserv-on the people; but they
were participating in a measure which supported this horrid
system. He believed, with Dr. Buchanan, that the tax was
originally imposed for a benevolent purpose, but it had failed in
its object. It was the custom for individuals to go about to in-
duce pilgrims to go to Juggernaut, and these persons, on proving
to the collector that they had induced so many pilgrims to come,
were paid at the rate of so much per head, so that the British
government was positively paying missionaries to procure idola-
trous worshippers, and that for their own benefit in the increased '
receipt of the pilgrim tax. And why, then, should the tax he
abolished ? Because, in the first place, they should never be
partakers in other mens sins. By the East India Company re-
ceiving these taxes and supplying the necessaries fur the idola-
trous worship: beyond all question a credit was given to idolatry,
and it was raised and elevated in the eyes of the natives in aman-
ner in which it would not appear if the idolators were left to
themselves. It was a great stumbling block to Christianity, in the
minds of the poor /lit-Woos, because it would appear that their
English governors were themselves convinced of the divinity of
Juggernaut, in practice if not in actual profession and worship.
He would not attempt to make any comments on facts such as
these; he must leave them to their own effect on the minds of
every one present. After several more quotations showing the
connexion of the English government with the furtherance of
the idolatrous worship, he concluded by moving the resolution.
The 11ev. J. LISTER rose to second the resolution. It was
with great satisfaction that be rose to give his decided approba-
tion of any measures consistent with time great principle of civil
and religious liberty. He protested against the measure of
of making British officers attend places of heathen worshi.pe,
and that worship being promoted by a protecting tax, o,c't",of.
grownd of its open impiety; he conceived it to be _
open and undisguised rebellion against the being asndaanuthaority
He spoke
of Him who was King of kings, awl Lord of
l"mrdr • in allowin„
in praise of the religious freedom of this c
every man to worship as he thought best, none_
God and honour the
un
d ng to make
him afraid. He felt bound to worbeirpea
King, yet at the same time he eresrial
was it as a special privi-
such a large share of
lege, that under his government :le
well to the govern-
that government in
religious freedom, and therefore be
officvreisrhseocif
ment of his country.
ceremonies was a violation of the rights
India attend at heathenliat to
ce,,r,:ination of Christians to which he
of conscience. ThF,
and
(s)"illad suffered exceedingly in their reli-
gious liberty in endeavouring to spread the gospel in India,
, send out the missionaries in American
almad only blVdntati Seer'ampore, which lvas a Danishiii settlement,
and permission had be,eirli refused tothem to tut a college to
e same difficulty had extra tided to the
instruct the natives.
missi;,naries of the Church of England ; and it wits not his p e.
cu liar va.. (h....initiation which was opposed, but Christianity vt hich
was "IV'
9,-(1 by the English government in India. lie con-
cluded with seconding the resolution, which, as were all the re-
solutions, was carried unanimously.
The 11ev. T. Behan rose to more the next resolution—" That

it appears to this (sleeting, on the authority of official doeu-
ineols. that British servants of the East India Ciiinpany are
compelled, MI p.ltH of dismissal, to attend and take part in, the
idolatrous ceietnenies of the heathen." Ile spoke at con-
siderable length and with much energy against the pH-
eriin tax. It. was a proud day for Liverpool that she had
stood prominently forward, deaf to the suggestions of those
lukewarm friends who would let matters take their own course,
even with regard to the eternal interests of their fellow-crea-
tures. Liverpool should be named wherever this cause was ad-
vocated, and this cause should be advocated throughout the na-
tion. Ile had nothing to do with the fact of the disgusting and
superstitious horrors of the Hindoo worship, but he had to do
with the fact that British subjects were compelled to take a part
iu their abominations, and he called upon the meeting to raise
its voice against this till it should be put an end to. He ex-
pected the appeal that day would be responded to in such a way
as that every voice would say, " away with it, away with it."
( Loud cheers.) They were bound, each of them, to interfere
in putting a stop to this abomination. 'co refuse to do so was
iutidelity ; it was heathenism; it was the murderous spirit that
resided in the bosom of Cain which would reply, " I am not my
brother's keeper." were each of them their brother'
keeper, and unless they lifted their voice throughout the land to
stay this abomination, they would stand in. the awful position
of being responsible for their brother's being compelled to lino
himself for earth or for eternity. The resolution was true in
itself, and it was an absurdity to call on them to assent to it; if
they had gone to an island in the South Seas and compelled the
inhabitants to become Baptists, or Independents, or Methodists,
or Protestants, what an outcry there would have been ! Ought
not a similar outcry to be made in compelling Christian men to
go and worship Hindoo devils? He concluded with moving
the resolution.
The Rev. ToEopti 'Les Lassen rose to second the resolution.
He most cordially concurred in the sentiments which had been
so powerfully expressed by the reverend gentleman who had
preceded him. lie would not have obtruded himself on their
notice if he had not felt that these were not times cowardly to
shrink into the nook of personal obscurity. He deprecated a
cowardly neutrality as ciiminal on questions of vital import-
ance. The administration of the government in India made
this country an auxiliary to the most infernal superstition on
the face of the earth. Por a long tone Christianity seemed to
regard the idolatry of Juggernaut with a kind of awe from its
remote antiquity : but the veil of mystery had been drawn
aside, and eye witnesses had returned who had seen the horrors
which it entailed. He trusted the feeling which had showed
itself in Liverpool on this subject would spread throughout the
land, till this abomination was put an end to, and the glory of
England should no longer be shrouded by this cloud of dark-
ness. Ile concluded with seconding the resolution.
The Rev. Dr. RA Lela rose to move the next resolution :
"That the compulsion referred to in the preceding resolution,
is still practised, in defiance of a despatch from the Court of
Directors, dated Feb. 1833, commanding that it should cease.
And that now, the Court of Directors, instead of enforcing
their own commands, have practically connived at this violation,
first, by refusing to allow any further remonstiance upon the
subject; and secondly, by accepting the resignation of Sir
Peregrine Maitland." He supported the resolution at consi-
derable length. [Our limits oblige us to curtail greatly what
was spoken, which must be our apology for omitting much that
was said by many of the speakers.] He contended that there
could not be a greater obstacle in the way of the tree circulation
of the truth, than by the continuance of the evil practises of
idol worship which the government supported. They had only
to persevere in simidir demonstrations of principle, to carry
out only truth, for that they had with them, but numbers. It
had been a profound remark of Talleyrand, that in order to
carry the multitude, they must see that their views were rea-
sonable, and then they must make them plain to the multitude,
that they should fully succeed.
The Rev. R. P. IfUDDICOM, at considerable length, and with
much eloquence, seconded the resolution. He called on the
meeting—many, perhaps, had sons or relatives in India—to
come forward and protect them from the contamination of this
idolatry, and from the conscientious scruples between their duty
to their God and their Queen, imposed by being obliged to attend
heathen worship. He stated, on the authority of Mr. Poynder's
pamphlet, that owing to the punctuality of the annual festival
of the worship of Juggernaut, the good faith of the government
in paying the pilgrim collectors and the facilities afforded by
government for pilgrims to attend at the shrine of Juggernaut,
the worship of that idol was greatly increased, and 150,000 pil-
grims yearly crowded to the pagodas, of whom it was stated one-
third, or 50,000 annually perished in the pilgrimages from one
cause or another. After passing a high encomium upon the
high conscientious conduct of Sir Peregrine Maitland, he con-
cluded with seconding the resolution.
The Rev. A. KNox, of Birkenhead, moved the next resolu-
tion—" That this meeting, while they endeavour to reach the
Indian government, both at home and abroad, the medium of
petitions to both houses of Parliament, do, at the same time,
respectfully solicit the cordial co-operation of their fellow-coun-
trymen in the prosecution of an object which should be dear to
every worshipper of a crucified Redeemer."
The Rev. HUGH M'NEI Lie: rose to second the resolution, and
was received with 'often renewed and loud applause. He felt
that, at this time of the afternoon, it was necessary to be brief,
and he should not, therefore, trust himself with any preliminary
observations. But he could not turn round and look at the
chairman without calling to remembrance the last time he had
the pleasure of hearing him in that place, as the persever-
ing and consistent adversary of negro slavery, and be now
saw him with equal consistency anti perseverance, the ad-
versary of slavery of every kind. They had it on the dis-
tinct authority of the inspired apostles; that when the Gen-
tiles offered to idols they offered to devils. The great slave-
holder of the fallen world was Beelzebub, the chief of devils.
lie varied his altars to suit the various circumstances and et:-
positions of men; he delighted in cruelty, and he delight.ot is
falsehood. Cruelty was the characteristic of bodily slavery--
falsehood of mental slavery. So long as the vile, barbarous sa-
vage rights of Moloch, or i3aal, or Juggernaut could satisfy, for
a time, the trembling consciences of guilty men, Satan triumph-
ed. So long as the love of money could bear down the love of
justice and humanity, so that might usurped the place of right,
and black men continued white men's slaves,. Satan triumphed.
But it was not in these depths alone that Satan triumphed; so
haog as fallen conscious men were occupied by the strivings of
man to make his own peace with God—Satan triensaphed. So
long a superstitious fear could be hushed, by o-cupying men
amongst, creatures, hiding amongst the trees of the garden,
diving into the various departments of the visible creation, and
inventing a :espectable mode of diverting himself at a distance
from his God, philosophy would answer the devil's purposes
as well as idolat:v; and while Jesus Christ was hid, Satan tri-
umphed. They •Wcre concerned in making the Lord Jesus'
Christ known—in proclaiming God's saving truth—that one
only truth which could save; for without that truth in which
God was exhibited in Chriist, reconciling the world to himself,
no man living could be savei...l• Their concern was to make this
known. They found many hiodrauces in the way. Those hin-
drances whieti were in the way o ver which they had no control,
they could but bow before and pray' against; but the hindrances
which wore the aspect of human irstervention, they could and
they might to endeavour by their h:tercerence to remove.
Human intervention was between them and this grand object
in India. Thechairnian had already stated, and several of his rev.
brethren who had followed his statements, and bad added to the
documentary evidence laid before that ineetiu,k
but he could
not but think that the state of this question was such that there
would remain, still an inquiry on the minds of many of their
friends. He had taken the pains of making a few
brief ex-
tracts from documents of unquestionable authority, which were
laid before the Court of Directors by Mr. Poynder, and he
would briefly read one or two statements which would give them
a notion, though a faint one perhaps, as far as it went, c:f what
men were required to do who served in India. With record to
the character of the heathen ceremonies that had beau so
much spoken of that day, he had an extract which showed the
light in which they were viewed by the natives themselves.
" In 182-t, the Rajah of Mysore requested government to
allow him to perform an idol feast which had before been per-
formed by the government. He was allowed that year, but
afterwards the government again took it into their own hands."
This showed the light in which the idolatrous natives contem-
plated these feasts. It Was in vain to say that government was
not doing 'an ilolatrous act, an act which one of the idolatrous
chiefs made a request to have permission to do, and did on
such permission. Then came government again anti took it out
of his hands for no assigned reason, and deprived the Rajah of
Mysore of the privilege he hail enjoyed for one Year. This
stamped the character of the act in the eyes of the native
idolaters themselves. With respect to thi§wery feast.
" Mr. Place, the collector, presented tot e idol jewels, and a
head ornament called calel.'a tourah, worth 1,000 star pagodas.
Lord Clive, on occasion of his personal visit to the Garudant-
saram, presented a makankinty or breast ornament, worth 1,050
pagodas. Mr. Collector Garrow presented a ehandraharam, or
golden necklace, worth 500 pagodas; and on the day of the fast
the collectors continue to present every year one lace garment,
worth about 100 rupees."
So here was this idol dressed in jewels, head ornaments, breast
ornaments, and lace garments, presented by Lord Clive, Mr.
Place, Mr. Collector Garrow, and every collector since, from the
British government. Now, here was a tangible fact. He would
read now the orders of the governor- in 1828. His authority
for this extract was still Mr. Poynder, as reported in the Asiatic
Journal, of November, 183 i. Mr. Poynder had quoted this in
the court of directors.

- " The Right Honourable the Governor in Council, adverting
to the smallness of the sum which is annually required for the
celebration of the feast of the Madras Goddess, and to the
difficulty which has always been experienced in evading the
established collections, is pleased to authorise the collector of
Madras, in communication with the superintendent of police, to
cause the supply of the articles and attendants necessary for a
due celebration of the festival„according to the scale which has
hitherto been observed, and to release the native inhabitants of
Madras from the charge. It will be the special duty of the
superintendent of police to give general information of the con-
siderate instructions of the govenor, and to prevent individuals
being improperly called upon for subscriptions."
This corresponded exactly with an extract he had taken down
from one of the Church Missionary reports, wherein a Mr.l.
Applecate found the natives expressing their dislikestopaywaosr
the heathen temples for conducting the feasts.
unwilling to
then
for
the nature of the case; the natives were iieroalpg
the usual idol worship, and what did the
g"learrarsgien connexion
?
he was pleased to authorise the collector of I‘,
ofthe • 1
supply
articles
the superintendent of police to cause the
festivalthe
and attendance necessary for the due celebration of
to relieve
hitherto observed, and
e. It would be the
na-
tive inhabitants of Madras from the chargto
give intimation of
especial duty of the superintendent of police
toprevent
the considerate intentions of the government. . indivi-
duals on for subscriptions. 'There was
being improperly called
not only a forbearance ,
from interference with the ceremonies of
the natives, it was not merely the allowance of their feasts, but
• ation of the fes-
tivities of the Maras he articles for attendancr 9a
the celebration
supplying I d Goddess. This was another tangible fact.
Again he had " the garrison orders."
"June
20, 1836. A royal salute to be fired from the saluting
at noon to-morrow, on the occasion of the Pungan Fes-
battery
June
21,
183_. ,
6• 10-day a royal salute to be fired on
rival.
ofthe H. n ,an Festival."
occasion
The poogan festival was held in honor of the sun, and was held
to propitiate the sun and thank him for having ripened the fruits,
and offerings were made at the Pungan festival. On that oc-
casion there was an order from head quarters for a royal salute
to be fired by British troop,. The Hannan festival was held
in great honor by the Aiiihomedans, and was celebrated in
the month in which they believed that the Koran was dropped
down from heaven to Mahornet ; and here again there came an
order to British troops to celebrate that festival by a royal
salute. Again—

"To-morrow by the conclusion of the Rang to Festival, a
company complete, under the command of an officer in full
dress, with one drutnmer and one fifer front the 46th regiment,
native infantry; as well as a brigade of six pounders, with the
requisite party of artillery attached, to parade to-morrow at the
church or square in the fort. A royal salute to be fired in the
church : another at the eedgah, (place of idol worship) and a
third on the return of the procession to the fort. The artillery
alluded to were Europeans, and they are employed on their duty
from 5 a.m. till 3 p.m., required to accompany this Mohair pro-
( ession to this house of worship and hack."
It was quite necessary that there should be something,
tangible in the way of fact to be supplied, that they might repre-
sent%shy
it amongst their neighbours as reasons
• 'they proceededthus. The argumentation of this question was another subj-
ject which deserved attention. He held an extract from
a letter %I-linen by a British officer to a friend at home, stud

he produced it on the 'same authority—the aulholity of Mr
Poi:niter in the court of directors. (The rev. gentleniatt
here introduced au extract from Mr. l'oy mkt 's speech.)—
This was the pred icemen t in which our brethren in India
were placed. They were reduced to the aiternare ye of
breaking the eeinieande of the government which they them-
selves say would I Mu any ,trniy, or else of vielating the cornmaticie
unit aof God. it was a case of grievous hardship. It was impos-
tug a test. In order to hold office under Ihe govern mot of belie,
her majesty's subjects were required to submit to a test, cud that
test was, participation in heathen and rnahoinedan idolatry.
This was not an age for imposing tests; they had seen what many
of them believed tobe the test of truth removed from this land with
great triumph and congratulations amongst all who called them-
selves liberal; and where did they find the rallying cry of these
liberals to take away this vile 'heathen test. There were
ten times as many men in Liverpool as would fill that
place to overflowing, who would lush there to have a cry
of down with our glorious test, There were thousands to
cry hosannah at the fall of the test of Jesus Christ; where were
they now ? When they met to pull down the test of evil,
why was not that place crammed with all manner of Christians
who would say, "we will never submit to have a test imposed
on a brother to kneel down at an altar of the devil." (Great
cheering.) If British suhjerts in India were required bee some
native governor to contribute to his religion
subjects to reside within some principality which had n"t been-
added to the empire of the East India Comeau!** and suppos-
ing ing they were required by some native Rajah to paY‘ee
I don't
the support of his worship, and the Rajah said to them,
require you to attend these services; you are at
—supposing British
wor-
ship God freely as you will ; but if you live in my country,
st
0111
obtain the advantages of the protection of my laws, 1 nisi
2,
your paying to the supprt of my religion, which I believe
the support of that law," If this were all, we would say we
have notbilaws
ng to complain of., We avail ourselves of the h
of the land, and we are bound to support the religion on "lc
those laws are based, leave us only to worshi God • s we please'
pa
But when th •" eto
said, you Hoist not only pay the tax but corn
liberty to
au,.
the doors, and bow youi heads when the idolmoves, a ad do horn
age to this ereat imaee of Satan as if you were worshipying
Then the lone was altogether altered. and instead or a latyful
demand to support that religion on which that law was basede
there was an unlawful demand to comply with the ceremonial 01
a religion to which conscience is opposed. But after all, the
main point must be with the propagation of the gospel. Their
brethren in India—their fellow subjects, were exposed 10 the
hardships he had described, and he must briefly touch o'' °'e,
hardship more before he proceeded to submit the petition totu-
tletmo
sanirtFliernedreeraiedkaAndiearrinio,rwial:litakgrseeeteft,,,,thatthl‘altalifra,e2
meeting, which had been adopted at a preliminary
andl 'he
evaddressedge')
testant soldiers, who were members of the church of Eeelal',e"'
be present at the worship of the church of Rome and
were required, contrary to her Majesty's regulatiooi
wale
compelled to be participator' also in the worship of the ,chuerrel
of Rome. This was as great a grievance as the other. WIZ;
tested he thought that taking Popery as it was, unchecked
surrounding Protestantism, and unrestrained by the convenl!--
hypocrisy, which wore a veil to hide the appearance ofbiai+tr}'.
he protested he thought that Popery, taking it in its zeal an
active spirit, was, if any thing could be, worse than llindooisea
itself, (Cheers.) He had -aid, unchecked by the gaee of sr;
rounding Protestantism. What rendered Popery so deinsivi
was its power of chamelion change of colour under change
circumstances. There was in the st stem so much rennina tru et)
that she could avail herself of it when it suited her, and at the sear*
time there was such an overload of ceremonial of man's -4. 'horitY
mixed with and hiding the truth of God, that when sh • ' .43 at
liberty to use that, the truth was kept cushioned, and te cer!
monial of man was put forward; and while there WA:3 light:
enough in the system to add to responsibility there wes
light enough to deliver from sin. Teat British subjects ie. In-
dia should be compelled to take part in the ceremonial of Iliodoo
worship and in the ceremonial of Popery was a crying grievance'.
(Hear and cheers.) Did they think it a grievance (Contineec
cheering.) Then he held in his hand a petition which '1'1.4
adopted at a meeting preliminary to this, read which he shot'''..l
read to them, in the expectation that every man whoa greed le
the conclusion they had now come to, and felt the moral re-
sponsibility connected with mental conviction, would go ena
suit the action to the feeling, and P7'. his signature te peti-
tion. (Cheers.) The petition was ibis :
" 'l'o the Right Honourable the Lords Spiritual aro! Teti; era'
of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireetud, in Par
liament assembled,
"'l'o the Honourable the Commons of the United Kingdom
of Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament assembled.
" The humble petition of the ministers and inhabitants of Lie
verpool, in the county of Lancaster
' " Sheweth,
" That your petitioner', being greatly interested in the prr-
motionof the gospel of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, sun."
mit, with the deepest regret, that obstacles are raised to its pro-
pagation by the conduct of the governments of India. both at
oßlartg,he,n)ftleerrsivbiirttg,:ea
irweevnencuoemthpeerlleefdroitno.
i
home and abroad, in openly encouraging the worship and ser-
vice
rorfhat id
take part in
the idola;.rous ceremonies of the heathen, contrary to their cone
sciences,
" That templet have been built and oepaired, and reads to
them made at the expense of the govt. rament ; and that the
payment of thei priests and prostitutes wee frequent tie tem-
ples, bas been ssited from the treasurv, are all tee imr anl,
disgusting practices connected with iffoi worship. together with
the payment of an organised band of pilgrim hunters, to -",o1-
lect worshippers from all parts of India, have long been saee-
tioned and provided for hy its authority.
"That your petitioners are grieved to find that, notwiihstarel-
ing a despatch from the Cowl of Directors, dated 20th lreb•
1833, (in which it was directed that the pilgrim tax shoute
abolished, and that all interference on the part of British f.tce-
tionaries in the management of temples, rites. &c. of the nativelle
should cease), no practical measures have yet been adopted to
carry that despatch into effect.
"That, farther, the East India Directors have, at tbei, last
general court, passed a resolution to receive no more remon-
strances on the subject,
•"fhat your petitioners htirolrly pray, that your honourable
house (the Commons) will extend protection to our fellow-
Christians, and will cause the Indian government to eeecute the
express orders so lon, since transmitted by the East toftia Com-
pany to abandon all patronage of idolatry, and piolit arising
therefrom.
" And your petitioners shall ever pray, &c."
Now, they would' observe, that in this petition the very simplest
statement of the case was made that was possible, because the'
bead and front of the case was Indian idolatry, and because, in
this morbid state of things at home, one could scarcely dare to
be faithful to his christian convictions, without seeming
to set party against party. 'ihere was no mention of Popery in
the petition. Ile thought it was a fault, (loud cheering). But
they were no way compromised by omitting the mention of
Pottery, and many of their brethren would sign the petition
without the mention of Popery, who, otherwise would refuse from
some undefined tenderness—he could not. tot plan fit—some
susceptibility which looked with apprehension on anvrhinft
which infringed ore that most delicate mousier, (Great 'elee -
tog.) In connexion with this petition, he had to request that
two topics might be considered e first, a testiudtual to Sir
Peregrine Maitland. He remembered at their preliminary
meeting, when the amiable and excellent, the tender and chris-
tian Chancellor of the diocese mentioned Sir Peregrine
tlait-
land in terms of exquisite beauty—he remembered, he added,
that to accept the resignation of that honourable soldier would
be a pertinacity of infatuation in the government at home.
They had been guilty, it seemed, of Chat pertinacity ulinfatuatior•
And he begged to propose, in connexion with this petition, tbsJ
a subscription should commence in that room first, and proceed
in the town and through the kingdom, for a testimonial to Pre-
sent to Sir Peregrine Maitland on his arrival in lenglane.--
(Great cheering.) He had further to request that their '10..""r
and sisters, or wives or daughters, who honoured then, .title
their presence, and smiled consolation and peace to many
hardened heart among them, who, after a toilsome day
cou:d find a bosom of affection to lay their weary head upon,
and have peace in the evening—be asked their la lies to get In'
an address, taking these premises into consideration, and ar
proach their Queen. (Great cheering.) An address front the'.
ladies of Liverpool to Queen Victoria, imploring her tender
affectimeate heart to interpose and try whether there was net'
magic in the Queen's voice to bind the stubborn temper of the
court of directors, and whether even British merchants, albeit
though they ff •ct or
had become somewhat steeled front the e
gain, would t. of feel a power attach to the Queen's corny •1"
which should enter the council chamber, and as theecho of
wishes, should .say, " in the name of Victoria, let compels'; iYm
of conscience cease with all my subjects.' See, then, how tea
matter became practicable. Three things were teller/one in Liver.;
pool; first, to petition both houses of Parliament, that was
the spot • then a subscription to Sir Peregrine elaitland, whic,',
he thought should be de ne on the spot, and time sooner done tne
better; and third, an adelress to the Queen. Now, (addrevsint
the ladies,) what was every' body's business was no one's- bits!..-;
ness; don't let some of then: be saying, "let somebody begin.
let each of them begin—that was the way. (Cileets.) Atteea
few further remarks, the reverend geintleruan concluded With
seconding the resolution and proposing the petition.
was'.A gentleman, whose name we afterwa:ds ascertained was'.
Mr. JOHN Bowes, minister of the chapel in leepe-street, here
stood up and said—Sir, I request to know, a Mr: M'N,eblet...
means by asking, where are the liberals ? He says the
rals have taken away our test, and that test is our Lord Je
Christ. (" No, no," hisses, cheers and confusion.)
ham. Mr. M`Netee itnmediatcly explained. "No, no, le ;
__ue.
could ever imagine that men had taken away our Lord Jeae.e
Christ ? The thing is impossible !" (Great laugh,er "
cheer's.) of;
Mr. BOWES again rose, but was greeted with a „itorele
laughter and hissing.
The Cu MAN.—Pray hear the gentleman.
Mr. I%l'l%le:i.e.—Now my dear friends, let me emit-eat yon t°'_
give implicit obedience to your chairman. You need not n:.
afraid of anything they can say. If the gentleman has m i
understood me I shall be most happy to be set right. and to set.
the meeting right. And if I have misunderstood him, Ican
y
only apologise to him for having interrupted 11' so sPeedl-1
(Cheers.)
Mr. BOWES again rose and proceeded—l haectotte.eA9l4lgt,6
for obtruding myself on the meeting. 1 like orderik eneattnee-e
I think it important that every sentiment should: be "5"-as.
unanimously. But the cry of " where are the. liberals _
that is associated with a patticular class of politicians andr! .
large class of religionists, when I heard the cry of ~ where as;
the liberals ?"—I felt as if I could say—r.-eve are here-1 Lee
here." And I think that this is a cause that ought not to. ire
taken up on party grounds—that no party in the attire-
seer er
state should be sneered at in this cause, or appear to be sneeredat. 1 think you will require in carrying your particular object
all the help yell can get; and therefore, I hope you will take,
along wite you all the filierals eon can get. (Hear.) Am, I
don't know what test the Rev, Mr. M'Neile refers te. I 'e,eard
his speece against slavery with great pleasure and deiiiges ; 4
have heard his general remarks to-day with great pt ensuFa auci
delight; but I don't know what he means by the 1i.,6er,e,e,e.,,ng
taken away our test. I wish to know what test. thee, .
away, that I may have a right utolerstandin, ft, trsv owl~ con-.
viction. (Hear.) As to the acconaplis'eowes of tkiie
when I look to the constitution of theio4se coo-an:o
not think it wise in this case to pur dos mime. e peih[e.`,
may have similar views as 4. to 4e gi,e, elev, iSte,
M'Neile, but I do not think it tease $o soeer at eiheeels
of
Roman Catholics. whateve-
lem the evils of papery °Lt.L.ee
liberalism, if we wish to catty teee e ee• leen'ev
the Baptists, who are teeneralty very libeyal, deaire to jc
plish this object; and, 1 urn sure ow y„, may me,.t
hers of the House, eir Comma:is who may 440 liberal t time'"u,p
baps !Roman Catholic, who will vote for the abolition t
pilgrim tax; and I say in accomplishing this, if youcala Ivcrivere_
the support, of liberals, why not take it ? And if you can re
ceiye the, support of licuoan Catholics why opt take it ( year.,r,
I think you should rake all the support youcau receive. (re'ea
heat',) IL bog the pardon of the meeting t, yo
name The Ce,A iIiNAN•—WW you fitVOUr the Meeting we-
name ?.
noto-
Mr, Bootas,-1 r u tArry to say my Tamen! is rather
riot's ins Liverpool at this moment, My name is John Bowes.
The CnottiosteN linen put the eesoletion which was unani-
mously carried;
ortu-
Mr. eilcNeile again rose. e aeid-1 wish for an
°PP bee
nits to add one or two sentences in reply to the call which_
_„
been, made upon me—" Why did I ask, where are the liberal'
I will tell you why sir, 1 I tell this meeting why. W' for
engaged now in an object Sick has lit' 'rtY ,Dean '"nee
ite great awl. Liberty of conscience ~as ale aye been

triem cry; therefore- should they avail themselves nf cc
si iii to • prove the savaaeyt-v-and caasisten,cy of that err, (.Ilea-0
As to the qiesthsta- 4,7! it 6:_.fl*S tae SUppo[t eqlo,ny• of a;
end if t did not wsk, " where.are any other class," ought it not
taken 'as a con-nfliment hit l.hcrtt.s? From this beano. a
It,,eral cause, the Were peculiar!, called upon to interfere.
(Lei(' cheers.) •
Alt. BovvEs.--l. have simply to say that lUr. McNeile said
that" the liberals have taken away a test, will he explain ?
(Hissing.)
Mr. MeNeile again- rose. .Most gladly would I explain if
there were time. But if our dear friends will sit down and give
me halt an hour I will must gladly explain.. It is not a gees-
'inn which tun be replied to hastily. (Great eheering..—When,
t had subsided N Nlceile continued.) •Well then. I say
'his then; I drew a distinction between asking ynen to support
. 7.; -a direct tax, the reliaion of the country they live in, what
'or it may- be, and askin";;.-men to lie partaCers,tho in the
rc.,:hts of that religion. g,overtyment haa a right to coin-
irtand a tar evervimao.that claims the protection of the
,
iaava of that izovemme.nt —tots-ea:Janet a La alai. the support of the
"" reiig.ion an which those laws are founded, (Ilear from Mr.
US, herefoye I say th it it was .ight thing in the Bri-
government, while they lea every niaa at liberty to worship
• itf'F.,rtaitar,Ve manner, to .-eanire tart from every man to sup-
-o,t,t that relizitta which is the basis of, Britiatala;./.
hear ) Un tirrs rzrond I 'Maintain that thera; is no persecution
- whateVer in the di mind 1,,,,de for the established church of this
touty Vie ask no taco to worship within oar pate %vita has
Fitly e .I.,eles-itionsaejectiop. We say Worship as you will; but,
Etta live in this land.; yin are protected by our laws; our laws
are founded oil this religion.' Cre tb ain supporting the
religion Iv, suppa:i the laws:, and it you are benefitted by the
laws, you are-bound to supeOrt the religion which maintains the
Lu,s. (Cheers ) say. further, that heathen govern-
.' meats would have a ri,ht to say to Britons, or ant' other iudi
viduals do.tinsiens-7-` Content yourselves.
with•tha free liberty here to worship G;).1 as you please, you.
' have the advaiitalre or the aretectiou of our Idas,. and you. pay.
• • Ojai( for our religion.'" Well, --youtrauld not have merits to
complain of, if that is all that is relaired.of.Yea. But if you.
come to Ili and asktto be admitted to situations of honour and
power in ow. government, Ire mest.t. :lie a pledge from.you that
yuu have no haiitite intentions It. our gavernMeitt. The pledge,.
we require is a religious tee-. Not ia. order that you may be
4.x.e; von are free already; but in order that you may be en..
117wert with power with safety-to us.
_So in ary judgment stands
our "Test Act" in this land. So I say, what is,commonly
called "liberality" hits brokea down that principle, Se I say
those persons who have Soeceeded is gettitp.!: rid of that prin-
ciple—and therefore some nraise due to them far it for their
success—l say those persons-were pecaliarly called npoti,- hy.
• every claim of c,nsistency, to he present here when a meeting
was convened, to remove a grievance which appears to he of the-
same character:as that, the removal of whicb„ they
-calf success.
ht. homer - It i.s the removal of a test. T4t, test is the one cases,
was imposed...by, our Lord and Saviaar—".do this in remem
brance of me ;". its the other. the test is imposed lay British
:authority,' trryinar, "ga to.id-or.s.temples, kneel down, nr-yriut
shall not. be tit our service." ;I say theuAwe are arrayed against
' a test of-falsehood.' And if men are' so delighted with getting
• rid of tests, if they gist with joy of a test 0r tight, these are,
the men, I say—" Where ;ire they tri-day.?"., (Great cheering:).
• The On A lea: N c.. 1.1 autionnced that Geo. Cropper had
kindly consented:to, remaia and receive any .contributions for
their national `object, and the meeting broke up shortly .before
five o'clock. .• •
