Imperial Parliament.

HOUSE OF LORDS.—MONDAY.
Lord BROUGHAM stated that it was not his intention to
press the beer bill he had introduced to a second reading this •
session, as there was no chance of it passing this session.
He still remained of the same opinion as when he introduced
the ninsure, and be ;.;:ave this Dui iCe of his intention to re-
new the bill next session, is order that persons might be
prevented from embal.king more capital in such undertakings.
CANADA GOVERNMLINT BILL.
"'Lord BROCGIiAM said that it now became his duty, from
what took ph.ce on •Friday, to move the third reading of the
Canada indemnity bill.. lie hail some little doubt as to ex-
tending it to civil actions; but, nevertheless, he would move

its thit4l reinn.
The Duke of I.,VaLtANGTON satriorted the third reading
of the bill.
Lord Dartarata opfitUd.tle bill, considering that it would
be against common justice if tt.e bill was allowed to .pass.
At the same turn he trinat. confess, that the powers that had
been exercised tie Lord Durham in issuing the ordinances
he had done. far exceeded the powers liven. lie entirely
acquitted Lord Durham °lan improper intention; he thought
he was doing that whie h would be fee the best, but he bad.
exceed all law and justice. With respect to sending these
persons to Bermuda, he would not say that the noble earl
was justified or net until he had read all the acts upon the
subject. lie thought a bill of indemnity a most unconstitu•
tianal proceeding. If the government or parliament thought
their office justifie&by his intentioos or results, let them in-
demnify him out of the public purse ; but let them nut pre-
vent the injured patty from seeking redress. (Hear, hear.)
Lord BitonGliam felt the force of what had fallen from his
noble and learned friend, coining,. as it did, from the first
authority in the country. At the same time, his noble and
learned friend. would forgive him (Lord Brougham) it he
submitted one or two observations, which would blunt the edge
of his remark on the course of proceeding. His noble and
learned friend's first objection was, that he eould,not,tell but
that the governor might have the paweror;eidingconviets
there. He bad not the; pawer of sending those nine men
who had not been tried, and were therefore not convicts. He
was staggered by what had fallen front his uuble and learned
friend respecting the indemnity, and by so doing declaring
the acts and ordinances illy-cal in the absence of the parties;
hut he did not care a I,out that declaration so long as at the
time they granted and gave a full indemni.y from all penal-
ties, both civil and crinlinal. His noble and learned friend
had said that so far as it was criminal there was no necessity,
because the crown need not prosecute, or could at any time
enter aml pros. But that would not cave the governor and
council from an inipeacimieut. He agreed with his noble.
and learned friend with regard to the taking away of the
rifht of civil action ; but it was not the first instance of the
kmd, unfortunately, he acknowledged, for the precedent had
been set before.
After a few observations from the Duke Of Wellington,
Lord -Denman and Lord Brougham, the bill was read a third
time and passed.
On the motion of the Earl of SIIAFTESBURY, a message
was sent to the House of Commons, to request a conference
on the subject of their amendments to the benefices plurali-
ties bill.

OATHS VALIDITY BILL.
On the motion of• Lord DIINMAN, the Commons' amend•
meets to this bill were agreed to.
t,everal bills upon the table having been forwarded a stage;
the lordships adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.—MONDAY.
1.000 BYEnN.
Mr. LEADER presented a petition from Col. Leicester
StanhOpe, complainine• that a statue of Lord Byron, which
had been subscribed for by several persons of distinction, had
not been erected in Westminster Abbey, in consequence of
the refusal of the dean to allow it to be pieced these. The
petitioner prayed the house to adopt some steps on the sub-
ject. Among those who had subscribed to the statue were
Sir Francis Burdett, Lord Denman, the Marquis of Sligo,
the Marquis of Lansdowne, and Lord Ashburton. The
prayer of the petition was, that the house would t ake such steps
as would insure the reception of the statue into a public edifice
as Westminster Abbey undoubtedly was.

JUVENILE OFFENDERS.
In answer to a question from Sir E. Wi!mot, Lord J
Russr:r.t. said he should next session bring in a bill regardiial
the treatment of juvenie offenders. (Hear.)

TITHE. BILL.
On the motion of Lord Jo Itt7.ssELL, the order of the
day. for the consideration of the ainendments was read.
The amendments were considered and severally agreed to or
dissented from, without opposition or difference of opinion
on' either side of the linuie. When the whole of them had
been dispaSed of, Lord J. Russell said, that as an impression
had very generally prevaikd that the ►ords had introduced
atheudments to alter tha conditions on which the grant of
money but been made by the commons for the extinction of
the arrear of tithes, he felt bound to state that upon a care-
ful revision of the bill as it had .been•retuined from the upper
he could discover no amendment writeh would have such au
effi:ict: (Hear, hear.)
•Lord STANIAY observed that an amendment had certainly
been contemplated by the lords, the effect of which would in
some-respects have been to alter the condition on which the
grant •bbls mute; hat their lordships, thiuking that such an
anleadrueut might interfere with the privileges of the house
of commons,- and mi ht otherwise be objectionable, deter-
mined to withdraw it. (Hear, hear )
The Catiada Indemnity Dill having been brought up from

the other house,
Lord JonN Itussti.L, with a viers not to lengthen the
session, already so teellously protracted, moved the suspension
the, standing order, and the [rill eras read a first and second
iiirilship explained- that he meant to propose the
committal to-n,nrrow, as it would teen be printed, and the
discussion might be taken upon the gnestion that the Speaker
leave the chair.
Mr. Lb:111)En was anxious to know whether the noble lord
meant to propose- any amendments, to which it was very
naturally, replied that this was not the stage for considering
and deciding that point,
Lord STANLE / goaltre4 himself against the Supposition.
that he ap?roved of the measure because he agreed to the
second as well as to the lit st reading for the sake of public

conveuVnce.
Lord J j r RUSSEI.I. added, that he should to-morrnw ad-
diess hiniself to the various questions raised by the bilt.;:and,
after a few interro,m!ortes to the nature and amount of
inforniation received by the colonial office, itud asl.o the fit-
ness of laying it upon the table, the whole subject was
poet yned.
ordi. llussEtt proposed that the consideration of the
lord+ amendments to tae Registration of Electors Bill be
postponed till to-morro,.v.—Agreed to.

/10USE. O t.
ROYAL ASSENT.
At four o'clock the Lard CHANCELLOR, the Marquis of
LAN spowNE, ana the Earl of SHA vrEsutty gave the royal
assent, b) commission, to the Exchequer hilts bill, Exche-
quer (public works) bill, four-and-a-half per centuin
bill, transfer of funds ( War-office) bill, Duchy of Cornwall
and Lancaster bill, slave trade treaties bill, corporate pro-
perty (Ireland) bill, coal trade (N 0.2.) bill, the pension bill,
the benefice pluralities bill, the militia pay bill, the militia
ballot suspension hill. the judges' jurisdiction bill, the oaths'
validity hill, the mails on railways bill, the Mediterranean
mails bill, the joint "sfpck banks bill, the county of Clare
treasurer bill, and tl.e patent sugar duties bill.
The private bill deposits bill passed through a committee
without amendments.
The valuation elands (Ireland) bill was read a third time
and passed.
Upon the motion of Lord Biroccnam, the bill for omit-
ting the obligation upon newspapers for receiving advertise-
ments of whatever length at a fixed price, from the "schedules
of debtors was read a second time. The standing orders
No. 26 and 155 were suspended upon this occasion. Lord
Brougtorn said he, should not have asked their lordships to'
this hasty legislation if be had, not been persuaded that their
lordships would agree to it on account of its necessity, to
prevent hardship and injustice. The bill was eventually
passed.
Lord LYNDHURST presented a petition from Glasgow
complaining of " the stateof the foreign trade of this country,"
which led to long and interesting discussion.
On toe "trading companies'" bill being moved,
Lord BROUGHAM resisted it, and proposed that it be read a
third time that day three months, a proposition that, on a di-
vision, was carried ; thu bill is consequently lost. —Ad-
journed.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.—TuEsnAv.
On the motion of Lord J. RUSSELL, the lords' amendments.
to the ecclesiastical appointments suspension bill were read,
and, it was understood, agreed to,
There were conferences with the lords on the subject of
the sheriffs' court (Scotland) bill and the imprisonment for
debt bill.
Lord J. ,RLISSELt„ in moving that the hause resolve into
committee on the Canada indemnity hill, entered let., a longill,
argument to show that the act under tobieti Lord Durhamwas appointed did give severe and arbitrary Dowers and au-
thority, if there were a necessity for suspending the laws;
and in proof thereof he quoted the. language used by himself,
Lord Glenelg. &c., and • appealed to , the protesth of lords
against the bill, on the ground of its arbitrary and unconstitu-
tional character.
Lord STANLEY • and Sir V. FoLLETT declared that they
neither contemplated the granting of such power, nor ad-
mitted that it was graiated-;• and contended that Lord Dur-
ham's uncoustitution.4l exercise of power exceeded any thing
they had ever witnessed or beard of.
The bill was further discussed, Mr. LEA DER, the ATTORNEY-
GENE:tA L, &e,, taking part in the discussion ; but there was
no opposition to the " indemnity" given by the bill.—Ad_
journed. .
_.........---

HOUSE OF LORDS.—WEDNESDAY
The Lord Chancellor, the Earl of Shaftesbury, and the
Earl of Albemarle, took their seats at tour o'clock, us Lords
Commissioners. to c.ive the Riival Assent to the following
('huieh-Digriities A poiutinent Suspe.nsien BAOill,
the Tithes (Ireland) Bill, and the Church Bung
Amendment Bill
Mr Bennet, and other members of the House of Coms
twins, brought up the Imprisonment for Debts Bill, with an
intimation that the House of Commons would not insist on
their objections to the amendments made by their lordshiPs•
The same hon. members also brought a message requesting
epriterence on the subject of the Court of Session (Scot-.
land) Bill, :Ind the conference having been agreed to, the
following noble lords left the house to attend it—the Earl of
Shaftesbury, the. Earl of Abingdon, the Earl of Ili:nester,
Viße, unt. Hawarden, the BisMip of Hereford, Lord Rayleigh.
and' Lord ShlYord.
On the return or the manaiyers of the conference,
The Earl of StiAFTESnuirY reported that the Commons
agreed to all their lordships' amenduienti except one. And
the noble earl moved their l'ordships not to insist du that
amendrnent,, which motion was carried.
The'Attorney-General appeared at the•bar with a message
from thet Cpmmons, praying a conference on the subject of
the-Reottration of Electors Bill.
On the motion of the Earl of SHAFTESBURY the confer-
ence was agreed to, and the same noble lords who managed
the former conference were appointed to conduct this con-
ference. On their return. •
The E:rrl ot SHAFTESBUIZY reported that the Commons
had left the bill with the reasons for disagreeing with the
L.ords' amendments in the bill.
Viscount MELBOURNE moved their lordships to agree to
the C,rninowe reasons.
Lord LtrN DHt•t,ST oppoied the motion, and insisted on the
former amendments.
[Left sitting.)

HOUSE OF COMMONS.—WRDNESDAY.
Th- Speaker entered the house shortly before four o'clock,
when Sir it.iutustus .(itirTord, the Gentleman Usher of the
B 141.4: stkiiiinrinfOrthe.- noti,e to art.n-TV tiqvcrat, of
I.oTas, to :rear the 1; o.)11 Assent liven .I,y eitimis6;,,n to
several (For ~VlilCll See Lords' report.)
On the motion•of Mr. E. J. SrANLEY, a new writ was or-
dered ff,r the borough of Great Yarmouth, in the room of
W. Wilshere, Esq., who, since his election, has accepted
the stewardship of the Chiltern Hundreds. •
Mr.- Coopeß, of the Treasury, presented papers.
Mr. Thompson, of the India House, presented returns or-
dered of certain correiTionctenee on the subject of slavery.
On the • motion of Captain ALSAGEII, the St. Saviour's
(Southwark.) Gramutar School bill was read a third time and
passed.
Petitions for the abolition of tithes in Ireland were pre-
sented hy, Mr. AGLIONBY and Mr. J. Jaavis.
On the motion of Mr. AGLIONBY, a return in detail was
ordered of the expenses of the commissioners in Ireland on
the. subject of railways.
Mr. LABOCCHERE presented a petition from Taunton
against any alteration of the Beer Act.
colonel SIBTHORP said, that seeing the noble lord the Se.'
