k

\

h
.numerotarother petitions by different saem-erile"
.the country. 2b,
Dr. Lus.artiostais presenteitifeatfroin,,er
of the Tower 'Hamlets, and upw. -.o,:a.tif 100 °'''
,A 1
various places, all tothe same effect.. ; W V.:A
Mr. F. BUXTON presented nearly 300 sitTobsl
eluding one from the female inhabitants of.' jot!
Mr. F. Boxxon then said that he hada Petod y
less than 187.000 females of Great Britain
-not in conternplationten days ago, and all in 4
since was to signify that such a petition was le4l
,
London, and the signatures had been sent juir, di!11
tion from all parts of the kingdom. The ° 'crsirrO
was how to get it into the house, for he really tall
it could be conveyed in. The hon. member 7
soon appeared, assisted by three other hon. Po, ,0
borne down by the weight of the enormous niceero
ever, by a vigorous and united effort, thersnr I'd
upon the table, where, amidst shouts of 1aug7,300, 01
to lie. Its further destination, however, bewielt,d
some difficulty, since it was impossible to ce,lltrj
receptacle for petitions under the table, tin",,'"co!oli
the table it was clear that Mr. Stanley's v°''''lltvr
heard, much less could his person be diseer!, I
site side of the house. At length some of i'";,l it, I
called in, who very unceremoniously disPla° jj
it along the floor out of the house.
Mr. STANLEY presented 15 petitions also OtroOr f
slavery, and upon his motion the house Wen
cd,
e
upon colonial slavery. Ai, 1
Nlr. STANLEY then proceeded to address fat/b9
commenced by expressing his confidence woflF
would not fairto extend to him a large share $
they reflected that, after having been for 0111014
the office which he had the honour to fill, it aeottij
in the discharge of his official duty, to briug°4 910
ration of Parliament a question of unparalle", in
importance, involving greater interest perba/tottei
tion which had for many years been submitteullier
This question also was surrounded with difficil iii
nature, owing to the time at which it was brl, IF
the safe and satisfactory solution of the goes''
not only a maritime commerce amounting l" 610
shipping annually, and a revenue of betwee)
£6,000,0(X), not only the interests of a vast be;
resident in the colonies and this country, wh9
°Bl9ofi
depended upon the issue of the question, but t it
i
interests of between 700,(XX) and ak,ooo of °los
and of their descendants throughout genera eifej(
This was not all,—it was impossible not to PerCthe riA
which the successful or unsuccessful issue of #9
ment now about to be tried must have upon t°_,ls)
subjects. These were difficulties enough to 81'514
ventured to bring the subject forward. In the.,410
he was placed, all that he could do was to cores
he could pursue which would achieve the acs'Aio
smallest risk of evil. The government was P•dec)
conflicting parties,—one havinc' a deep pectin't, 0
question, intimately acquaintecrwith the subitroorili
the colonies by social tics, and at present 1a".1005,y/
barrassments which rendered them doubly :PllOOO,O
sure which might affect their interests. On :ivy
universal and extended expression of feeling Pe 40
try, and there never was a time when the °telt),
people was more absolutely or more irresistab
~
cause it was founded on that deep religiouSA dr
solemn conviction of principle, which adraitr'l3s il
or compromise, and which pronounced itself ' el/
no minister could be deaf. The time had egaveli)
liament could decide the question whether be
should not be perpetual; the question now Telfetlf,
what was the safest, the speediest, and inosi's9,34.,
procuring its final and entire abolition. In ' nierif
proposed his memorable resolutions, as an aeo—olli
motion of Mr. Buxton, which motion was, ,:' to's?'
purposes, similar in scope and principle to ti, of d
were then about to submit to the considerate 140,,,,i
Those resolutions received the unanimous suPlwAjed
and they declared that Parliament looked ce7ot rtp
through the local legislatures adopting cffir,stesii,
legislation, to the final termination of the s„,) Tel
,
slavery too long in existence. They bad Tal le r
/
years' experience of the effect upon the cole°,ice„)
that emphatic expression of the wishes and 1,0fk,)
and the mother country, conveyed in the ton-dial',
nition, and strengthened by the voice d atlore
was the result ? The colonial legislatures to se:o
voice of friendly expostulation ; they seemed.o goi,
the voice of authority. They had doubtless, 'to yF
adopted regulations since 1823, calculated ail
physical condition of the slave, but it was ‘7„/0 ,
of their enactments which on the face of it A,
the termination of the system of negro slaver:oil
the account between the colonies and the ''' yd
thus : birii

1823.--Resolutions of Mr. Canning,
Bathurst's circular : suggesting-
1. Abolition of Sunday markets.
'2. Admission of slave evidence.
3. Sanctioning marriage.
4. Abolition of taxes on manumission.
5. Prevention of slave separation.
6. Regulation of punishments.
7. Establishment of savings-banks.
Strong remonstrances from the colonies-
1824.—Order in Council.

1. Added establishment of protector.
2. Prohibited Sunday labour.
3. Allowed slave property.
asif
4. Compulsory manumission. °
Recommended to legislatures and unal3l/13
(Hear, hear.)
1826.—March Ist. Mr. Canning.
Test of sincerity. but
"lel*
TwoEoti
rceilryc circulars-general.
iasrrse-ggaerndeerda.l_.
Eight bills sent out and rejected by all "
1828.—Sir George Murray.
1830.—Order in- Council, specifying 5°- of
daring others to be necessary, as- duratioll
(Hear, hear.) , pc,'"
clothing, &c.
Also disregarded.—(Hear.)
Undoubtedly some of the colonies had it00°.,,,, of
of carrying the outline of the shadow of s°'"ulis
eoi
afff
resi ciy
at •
115,1
sirtuhs
otamta lielmgthei
oaurdttl
ae smut •utadpniaowruthsi
eloyonlyavoided
enptelpereot
having no property in slaves, and therefore PocilP
to their mural and political improvement; .8 013
instituted some partial modifications of thei.rocil
gulations as a mere pretext, by means ot
mockery The wholeof
the
elude the real intentions of the legislatutoxili
the (IV
(Hear, hear.) s
thingwiwshasesoanodthfeeeflaincegsotolft ra 0,00 00
In thus showing the mockery of the ifisobie:lle4
tion of Parliament perpetrated by the c 01.5 001 i
did not mean to slur over the few- benefice ;.,000t1,
one or two of them had made in refereogo, did irit
pbyresasneay
Invrieshaness,oefvtre
minotthheisr
and the observance of the Sabbath. .""-Oio'
bu_4
to e
readiness to act upon the spirit of the recowict
ing the Sabbath. But how was it with resg.s?
commendations of the order in council of Torpor
gin with the recommendation respecting la;c0 "'too
'he order iu council explicitly. laid it of CO
item
country, C t ce;g6tl°-
should receive more than a certain amount
meat (39 lashes) in one day; that feinal° regis
w
should be abolished altogether, and that bythe
nishments, crimes, &c., should be kePt of sls
overseer, to be submitted to the protector
retoryi r
then to make his report to the Colonial Secpoloolv
these recommendations acted upon by the.ls, test.
Here, at least, was a definite and tang', of 0::(
cerity. Here were recommendations, 0.4 woo
came recommended by every principle_ iwtheir (il
man nature; so that if there existed, 0" „cot 01
tion of the condition of the negro
est disposition to co-operate with Phaerlricawas.saa
tunity. If there was any one recoui inend,itjuvolit
more than another to the manhood, the the
corporal
rtphoeralcoploonniisahlolicognitsloaft ofreso,iailte stattarevle)s.Yra(sLooootaoctriii
hear.)" It was with a spirit, God knew, ,ate th,ol
of deep regret and sorrow, that he bad to 5' rocti,ar
hour not a single colony had abolished th.„Pud err
poral punishment of female slaves. (11,i0
hear.") In some of them, it was true, cer. the
been imposed, but in those very restrictiolThoc f
right and justice of the punishment was
and in others, where some regulations resPoettsoi
of the sex were adopted, the practice was.; of e
tained. Talk of improiing the social halo.
means and essential condition of his pol ti_coi
talk of developing and culturing his moral 1,°,3 7.
of this monstrous abomination (cheers) t'
t
habit of respect and reverence for the laws, °OOl
behold in his white master a guardian, 9, ui,„r, of.
tellectual instructor, while his wife, datrgiw-oc
the mere mercy, the wanton caprice, of
