who in the moment of defeat, exhibits a magnanimity of
character, worthy of the principles which he professes.
We grieve to think, that for the present, we have lost
the services of such a man :—we say, for the present, be-
cause we know that a spirit is roused in this county, which
will never again submit to the trick and dictation which
have been the means of returning Lord Molyneux and
Mr. Wood asnur representatives.
We are not surprised at the disgraceful coalition which
took place between a whig and a radical candidate; but
we are surprised, that a respectable individual would
lend himself as the instrument of deceit, in order to aid
the accomplishment of such a purpose. We repeat that

a trick the most disgraceful that could well be perpetrated,

has been practised upon the committee for conducting the
election of Sir Thomas Hesketh. .A gentleman (whose
name we forbear to mention, as we hope shortly to have
some authentic documents to lay.. before the public,)
called upon a member of Sir Thomas Hesketh's commit-
tee, before the commencement of the election, for the
express purpose of disavowing, on the part of Lord Mo-
lyneux, any coalition with Mr. Wood.

On this assurance, only one candidate was brought for-
ward on the conservative interest, and the result has
been that Sir Thomas Hesketh is defeated. A coalition
the most determined and the most unequivocal, did, how-
ever, take place, notwithstanding the denial which was
given to it. We need no further proof of this than a re-
ference to the votes which the respective candidates re-
ceived, as given in another column.
There are some curious facts which have come to our
knowledge, relative to the tenantry of a certain noble
lord, who after they had promised their vote's to Sir Tho-
mas Hesketh, felt compelled to vote for Lord Molyneux
and Mr. Wood. There are also some curious facts rela-
tive to certain tickets, which were given at the liustings
to voters who had polled for Lord Molyneux, but, as we

hope shortly to be enabled to lay a few interesting and
authenticated details before our readers, we forbear for
the present entering further into this subject.

IN another portion of our publication of to-day, we
have inserted the speech delivered. by Mr. .Stanley, at
Lancaster, on the day of his nomination as one of the
candidates for the representation of the northern division
of this county. To our readers, generally, we would
venture to recommend a minute and careful perusal of
this speech. It is well known that Mr. Stanley holds an
important office under government ; that • he is not sur-
passed, in point of talent and abilities, by any one of his
colleagues; and that, with such qualifications and charac-
teristics, independent of that influence which his rank
naturally affords him, we can only look upon his senti-
ments on the various political questions to which, on
this occasion, he has alluded, as the opinions and inten-
tions of his Majesty's Government. It is in this accepta-•
tion only that we receive them as the " Book and Vo-
lume" of their future political career, reserving to our-
selves the opportunity, as occasion may require, of re-
ferring to these sentiments as the great fountain from
whence are to spring the actions and events of their course
of government; and, with this view, we have presented to
our readers the whole of what fell from . Mr. Stanley in
an abridged form.
Our columns, to-day, are too crowded to enable us to
enter into any very close analysis of the views thus en-
tertained by ministers. It is not, however, matter of
very great intricacy to discern, on a careful, examination
of this speech, that, whatever the views of government
may have been, when they took up the reins of -uhnini-
stration and pronounced the reform bill as the panacea of
past evils and the guarantee for future progperity, they
now feel satisfied, at least, of the position they are placed
in, and the consequence of that " breathless haste" with
which they have proceeded in their measures: most as-
suredly, they so far have been fortunate in•possessing, in
Mr. Stanley, an apt and ingenious aisistant, who, sud-
denly -throwing off the mantle' of what has lately been
termed reform, avails himself of the- occasion Mr. Wilson
Patten's presence afforded, in Making him the stepping-
stone, in order to' extricate himself and his colleagues
from the perilous:dilemma' in which they now find them-
selves situated.
Before we proceed further, let us, for one moment, con-
sider the character and the grounds on which 'Mr. Wil-
son Patten presented himself to 'the notice of the electors.
Is not the fact still fresh in our memories, that, at the pe-
riod of the former *election, Mr. Wilson Patten honour-
ably sacrificed his own personal feelings and ambition on
the altar of political consistency ? With a degree of can-
dour and manliness creditable to himself and to the prin-
ciples he had ever avowed, he did not shrink, even on

that occasion, from the sentiments which he had pre-
viously considered to be right and just in theniselves,
but boldly and openly asserted that, whilst he was ready
to admit, nay willing to contend for the enfranchisement
of the large towns, and a fair rate of qualification, in or-
der to preserve strength and' security to property, where
security manifestly was required, he could not, in his
conscience, recognise or admit the sweeping extent
of the proposed reform bill, and that, as the measure itself
was made a condition for bedoming their representative,
he• declined, without further hesitation, the honour and
distinction he had justly• aspired to. We speak only in
allusion to the conduct of Mr. Wilson Patten; for, though
we cannot, at this moment, charge our memories with
the precise expressions he made use of at the former elec-
.. •.

Lion, his motives and his conduct never can be obliterated
from our *recollection, and in his speech, lately, at Lan-
caster, he has very slightly alluded. to them; Mr. Stan-
ley, as it appears, on that occasion, having nearly mono-
polized the time and attention of the electors. It is well
known that Mr. Wilion Patten, not being eleCted for the
county, awaited the coming of the,next election to offer
himself, and we rejaice to see one, possessing both talent
and honesty of principle•in such an eminent degree, hold-
ing the high- responsibility with which he Is now- en-
trusted. . .•..

So far we have diverged from our more immediate ob-
ject, in order to place before our readers the precise po-
sition in which Mr. Wilson Patten, as a political charac4
ter, -really stands. It will, therefore, at once appear con-

elusive in the minds of our readers, that the attempt, on
the part of Mr. Stanley, to substantiate anything like a
charge of inconsistency on the part of Mr. Wilson Pat-
ten, though ingeniously contrived, has no solid basis to
rest upon, and must, of necessity, fall to the ground.
That the sentiments expressed by Mr. Stanley are,
certainly, not calculated to find favour in the eyes of the
radicals, or to be prized as a boon "of good things to
*me," the editor of the Albion has ventured most un-

hesitatingly to avow. FOr the public and domestic com-
fort of Mr. Stanley and his colleagues we introduce a
specimen, of the gratitude and good-will, of one of their
once-devoted admirers, taken from the Liverpool Albion
of yesterday : " When, therefore, the Right Honourable
gentleman tells the world that he and his colleagues are
determined'not to.rerreal the corn laws,—not to shorten
the duration of Parliament,—not t 6 make the reform
bill more efficient,—not to give the electors the protec-
tion of the vote by ballot,—nor, above all, to attempt the
abolition of colonial slavery, we would respectfully re-
mind him, that the Duke of Wellington, in the plenitude
of power, and with the insolence of a dictator, declared,
two short years ago, that so long as he held office no
reform should the people have.' The duke was instantly
hurled from the summit of power, and reform was con-
ceded to the demands of the people. So Mr. Stanley,
in the height of popularity, and with the arrogance of an
aristocrat, may dream that he and his colleagues can ar-
rest the march of improvement and intercept the bles-
sings which the people expect, as the natural and ne-
cessary concomitants of reform ; but let him beware."
This pleasing tirade proceeds in a similar strain, but we
think the foregoing is quite sufficient to impress upon
the minds of ministers what they are yet to expect from
the radicals!

That the real construction of Mr. Stanley's speech on
those particular subjects to which the Albion has alluded,
is such in its bearings and tendency, as he has stated it
to be, we cannot hesitate in believing,—" That the go-
vernment," he tells us, will strenuously and decidedly re-
sist every attempt to carry the extension of the franchise
further; that if Parliament attempt to bring forward
any of those sweeping motions for shortening the dura-
tion of. Parliaments, introducing that which he believed
to be falsely styled the protection' of the ballot, he an-
nounced openly at once their determination to give a de-
cided opposition; that, with regard to the repeal of the
corn laws, he spoke the opinion of every one of his col-
leagues, that they will oppose, and determinedly oppose
themselves to it I" But we would say to
,Mr. Stanley,
and through him to the government, that if they are
either blind enough, or weak enough to suppose, that
after allowing the citadel, wherein was stationed the
strong hold of our constitution to be besieged, and the
portals forced open, they consider themselves to be still in
possession of that intrinsic power which alone is requisite
to close the breach, we feel honestly assured that they
will, ere long, have occasion to lament the grossness of
their error, and the total obscurity of -their infatuation.
How that power is hereafter to be attained, it is not now
necessary for us to state ; but we would say, that to gain
the strength and good-will of the tories, he must not in-
dulge in unjustly vilifying their character ; for, how-
ever much their numbers may, by circumstances, be di-

minished, as the ore is purified of its dross, they st
exist a formidable body.

It is equally true, also, that it is at all times matter of
minor importance by whom, or from what quarter they
are assailed ;—their principles remain unchanged !—prin-
.ciples which, unlike the new-born baubles of the day,
have stood the test of time and experience,—have wea-
thered, the storm, and ridden in the tempest of past poll-
ticalyears with triumphant security and surpassing ef-
fect•—principles, the very remembrance of which, even,

make us tremble for the future, whilst we glory in the
events of the past! We would, therefore, candidly re-
commend to Mr. Stanley, who, with his colleagues, since
the publication of these sentiments, in the opinion of the
country, stands in a very doubtful. position to pause, ere
he pronounces the " blessings" of the reform bill; for
though, as he stated, " we see ample cause to congratu-
late ourselves and the country upon the extension which
has been given to the elective franchise," we are yet of
opinion that a change will take place in • his sentiments,
and those of his colleagues.

' To those anxious to visit the south of England, and the noted
• watering-places contiguous to the county of Devon, in particu-
lar, the departure of that splendid and fast-going steam-packet,
Zephyr, affords peculiar inducements. It will be seen, on refe-
rence to our advertising columns, that the Zephyr is to sail for
Topsam and Exeter on the 9th January next.
List of cabin passengers per ship Poland, Capt. Richardson,
for New' York; which vessel sailed yesterd4y, (Monda—
Messrs. Balley and Rigby, of Liverpool; Hatelie, of Scotlany.)d;
Ingersall, of' Boston ; Eccles, of London; Galloway, of Man-
chester; Salzman, of Germany; Wright and• Lady, of Eng-
land ; Vasques, of Portugal ; Ellis and Higgins, of Ire-
land; the Honourable and Rev. Mr. Fraser and Son, of New
York; Messrs.- Williams, of Sheffield; Brown, of Cheshire;
and Captain Seaman, of New York.
THERE have died, in the village of Wavertree, within the
last three weeks, three persons of the following ages :—Ellen
Dumbabin, 82; Robert Wyke, 84; and John Turner, 87.
Amounting to 253 years.
RETURN OF EMIGRANTS.—New York, Nov. 28.—The ship
Dalmatia, which sailed yesterday for Liverpool, was so crowded
with passengers, that the captain was under the necessity of
putting out ' two of theM at the Hook, and sent them back to
the city. She had on board about 160 returning to England,
not being able to find employment.
SECTARIANS IN LANCASIIIRE.—From official returns laid be-
fore Parliament, it appears that in 1830 the number of parish
churches in Lancashire was 65; parochial chapels, 157; and
chapels of ease, 50; total number of churches and chapels of
the establishment, 281; while the total number of dissenting
places of worship in the same county was 590, and of sectari-
ans, 255,411 ;—so.that one fourth of . the population of Lanca-
shire are open and professing non-conformists. •
REPEAL OF THE UNioN.—On Wednesday evening last, at
half past'six o'clock, a public meeting was held at the rooms of
the Institution of the Industrioui Classes, Bold-street, for the
purpose of debating the lineation whether the repeal of the le-
gislative union between England and Ireland would not be the
measure best calculated to promote the best interests of both
countries. The large room was crowded to excess, and we un-
derstand that from two to three thousand persons were present.
Mr. Edgar was called to the chair. The meeting was addressed
by Mr. Falvey and other gentlemen in the affirmative of the
proposition, but our limits will not allow us to enter into the ar-
guments adduced. Mr. Fitzsimmons opposed the repeal, on
the ground that the members of the Irish legislature had for-
merly sold their independence, and would be likely to do so
again. Mr. Atkinson suggested that 'the appointment of a
standing committee for Ireland would be preferable to repeal. ,
After a long debate, a resolution for the appointment of an Hi-
bernian Political Union in Liverpool, for promoting the repeal
of the union and procuring the abolition of tithes, was proposed
and carried with one dissentient voice, and the meeting sepa-
k•ated at eleven o'clock. •

LONDON LATEST. NEWS.

(From our Correspondent.)

LONDON, Saturday Evening, half-past 7 o'clock.
We have had a great degree of activity on the Consol Market
to day, and the quotation for the account has been as high as 85•
The closing quotation was 844. The Foreign Market within
the last day or two has been very firm for the Northern Secu-
rities. Russian Bonds are 981 to 99, and Dutch are 414 42'
Belgian Bonds are very firm, as 73.1 to 741. In Spanish Steel'
—there is great heaviness, 15 4 16 being the price. The general
impression appears to be that M. Zea Birmudez will put a stop
to the " liberal" measures of the Queen, and that consequently
the chances of liquidation of the Cortes Bonds are distant.
We have had no arrivals from Foreign parts of any great
moment to day, the Wellington, Fowler, the Caledonia, Me
Lay, and the Zephyr, Eva ns, are posted ou Lloyd's Books this
afternoon, as having arrived at St. John's, N. B. from Liverpool.
The Sardinian Government has issued an official notice, that
the precautions adopted with respect to the Cholera Morbus in
France, have ceased. to be in force, and that free entrance i 5
now allowed into Piedmont and Savoy, of travellers and nor'
chandize from that country.

Accounts from Senegal, to the 9th Nov. state that gum was
very scarce, and the price was 50 cents.
We find by the latest accounts from Bourbon, that several
of the Negroes implicated in the plot of St. Benoit had been
tried, and two of the most guilty executed. Two others had
been sentenced to capital punishment, but this was commuted•
It was intended to send the other criminals to Madagascar.
It is stated in the accounts from the United States, that the
Cholera was raging among the Indians of the Sacs and Fox
tribe.

We learn by advices from Rio Janeiro, that the payment
of the 6 per ct. inscriptions by the Brazilian Government, for the
French vessels, La Jernon, La Jenny, and La Belle Gabrielle
taken in the Rio de la Plato, had been received by the French
legation, and distributed to the parties having claims. The
liquidation of'the vessels L' Augusti, and La Genevieve had
also been arranged, and the amount would speedily be paid.
We have seen private accounts from Antwerp to day, but
not of later date than those inserted in the different Journals.
They all speak of the great suffering experienced by the French
troops from the weather, as well as from the determined fire of
the Dutch. It appears that great discontent existed among the
troops quartered at Brussels, and that daily contests took place.
We have nothing further of the slightest interest here.
POSTSCRIPT, Sunday Afternoon.
We have an Express from Antwerp with dates to Friday afternoon'
The breach batteries had commenced their fire upon the Citadel, at
about half-past 12 o'clock on that.day, but the large mortar had net
commenced its fire. It is said that the walls of the citadel had already
begun to shew the effect of the tremendous battery brought to hear
againgt them, but that the loss of men to the Dutch was not twit while the French were suffering severely from the continued firing °`
their opponents. The guns of the Citadel also swept completely the
Berchem road, and several persons had been killed, so that the au-
thorities had closed it up. King Leopold was expected to return to
Brussels in the course of Friday night, or early the following morn
ing. It was reported that an attempt to arm the cross battery had
failed from the determined oppoktion of Chasse, but that it would be
again attempted in the course of Friday night. The crisis was evideall
at hand, and it was thought such a breach would be effected as 106.1 d,
enable the French to make an assault this day. General Sebastisin''
corps continued to observe with vigilance the Dutch flotilla, and i°
the skirmishes many men had fallen on both sides. The weather oon-
tinued much to affect the French troops, and the labour of the sere
was most fatiguing from the nature of the ground. Nothing is said in
this account respecting any movements of the Dutch army. but en-
trenched camps continued to be formed at various accessible points.
There seems but little doubt that unaided, the gallant defenders Of the
Citadel must fall before the great superiority of the assailingiOree'
although the loss to the French already it is said is treble that mien-
lated upon.

We have a file•of papers from St. Vincent this morning. The meet-
ing of the General Assembly had taken place. ,In the, speech of the,
Governor he announces the receipt of a dispatch from the Colonial
Office, whereby a tonnage duty is proposed to be levied on terns ap-
parently very advantageous to the Colony. llis Excellency sPeahs in
terms of approval of the new slave code constructed by, the Com-
mittee appointed by the House of Assembly, and directs the attestion
of the House to that measure.

The House of Assembly in its reply to the Governorstates, that
notice had already been given of a new Slave Bill, Tonnage Bill, d
Rice Bill, and adds that the extension of the privileges granted t°
the coloured population of the island had answered every
iP9a
Krrpose.

BH.
On Sunday, the 16th instant, I
at R
WTooltoia Parsonage, the ,„1v of the
Rev, Robert Leicester, AL A., of a daughter.

MAE.
On Wednesday the 12th in stant, at RRI
St. LD
uke's Church, Mr. I. per-
„f
rin, of Dublin, to E. R. Brabazon, daughter of Mr. E. Brabazo°, Middleton, county of Cork.
On the 15th inst., at St. Martin's-in-the-Fields, Mr. W. Gibbs, of
thOn Tuesday
shi London E. L. M`Ewan, reet
p last,,to at St. Jude's Church, the Cornwallis-s Rev.t J. Lister, of Soho-
street, to Miss A. Hodgson, of Bedford-street, Abercrornhuare.
On the 15th instant, at St. Nicholas's Church, Mr. Edward- Mo's;
woollen-draper, Byrom-street, to Ifarriet Maria, eldest daughter 0,
Mr. P. A. Spence, of London.
On Sunday the 9th instant, at St. Michael's Church, Mr. W. W.
Pearson, eldest son of W. W. Pearson, Esq. Bideford, to Catherine.
the third daughter of the late Lient. 11. G. Miller, R. N. •
On Wednesday, the Lttli instant, John, eldest son of Mr. William
Wood, Seymour-street, to Sarah, youngest daughter of the late 'lr.
John Egan, of Dublin.
On Thursday, the 13th instant, at St. Nicholai's Church, Mr. Mil-
ner to Miss Ann Wynne.
On Monday last, at Belfast, George, son of R. D. Chevely, Bocll-
L,
late of Messing, in the county of Essex, to Harriet, third daughter
the late T. Welsh, Esq. of the former place.
On Sunday last, at St., Philips's Church, 111r.-John Simpson to 311'3
Jane Rissel, both of this town.
On Saturday last, at St. John the Baptist, Toxteth-park, i%lr. R. C.
Scott, of this town, to Miss Squire, of Kendal.

DIED.
On Wednesday, the 12th instant, at Gillingham, Kent, , aged 47,,
years, greatly lamented, Mr. Robert Redman, late of the r0ya1,,i91.2,..
On Tuesday last, after a lingering illness, aged 41 years, -Mrs
'",;(1-
beth Mhertens, wife of Mr. John Henry Mhertens, cooper, Onn°-
street.
On Saturday last, Mr. George Cruikshank, Castle-street. . Same day, after a protracted illness, which he bore with pattene,,ee
and fortitude, aged 32, Benjamin, fourth son of the late Mr Lawren-
Tyrer, cooper.
Same day, aged 41 years, Mr. John Kent, London-road.
On Wednesday, the 12th instant, aged 75, Mr. James Reed, The—
• On Wednesday last, aged 74, Mrs Jane Davis, late of Macelesfleh
greatly regretted by all who had the pleasure of her acquaintance.
On Thursday last, after a short and severe illness, aged 14 months,
William Samuel, the infant son of Mr. J. Edgley, Colquitt-street. On the 19th of April last, aged 31, Mr. H. Roberts,
post-master, at
Cochin, Malabar Coast, son of Mr. H. Roberts, of Whitehaven: On the 6th of June last, at his house, in Launceston, Van Dieman, 5
Land, aged 55, Capt. J. Welsh, son of the late D. Welsh, of White'
haven.
On the 22d of July lasr, Gilbert Coventry Masier, Esq., nut
Judge of the Calcutta Provisional Courts, and youngest son of t'-
late Rev. Robert Master, D. D., Rector of Croston, in this County-
Lately, at the Cape of Good Hope, Mr. J. Slater, son of Mr. Slater,
of Kirkland Guards, Cumberland, aged 28.
On Saturday, the Ist instant, at Ravensworth Castle, aged 18, the
Hon. C. Liddell.
On Monday, the 10th instant, at Maryport, after a tedious illness,
Mr. Gardiner, for many years a respectable surgeon of that place.
On Friday, the 14th instant, Mary, wife of Dr. Krebhs, a nit'
town, aged 55.
On the 16th inst., aged 24, Mary Ann, daughter of S. and J. Thomr
son, Stanhope-street.
On Monday last, at his house, in Vine-street, Mr. T. Buckley'
aged 64.

-On the 12th instant, universally regretted, Alice, wife of .Williams
Marshall, Esq., Bloomsbury, Manchester.

TO CORRESPONDENTS.

We thank POOR FELLOW, and will benefit by his advice.
AN OLD BURGESS has our thanks for his communication.
FREE TRADE, and THE CORN LAWS.—The observations supplied
by a correspondent on these matters would not, we fear, be ye-
nerally interesting to our readers.

LIVERPOOL ;—Printed in Union Court, Castle-street, and Published
at No. 7, High-street, Exchange, by SAMUEL FRANCETE, Stationer'
of No. 7, Anson-Street. Orders and Advertisements are also re"
ceived in London by Messrs. NEWTON, & CO., WarWidZ.-S,l"re'
Newgate-street; and Mr. BARKER, 33, Fleet-btreet.
