r.suANT to an:Order.of the 1 illgh Ceuti: of Chancery.;
made to a cattre, t.',iii v. Tlitatipson; the creditors 01;
:111:10A1liS PEI' I" Eit 1: li OM P 501.4, lett orriverritl; it. the
c.uuty:ur Laucest er,! &non e, iwlatliett.on the-29:h of 1--.)(1"l'-'
ber, 11:S204:are. forthwith, by OA • Solicitors; to come in ittni
it
ortt R(
prove their ilehts before GEonGh, ) w•i• l'e: ft, Esquire, one,
of the ,!bottets of the said Court, • f hi, Chambers itiSouthanip-:
tun-buitchngs, Lima:con...lane, London. or in dcfatuit thereof
they will be:excluded the beuefit-uf the east order. - -

HOUSE OF .COMMOSiS.—;CIoNin•i, pots. 2:i.
The Speaker took the, chair at t,kelve ' 1 1i It o ot. . ,vie Raid
that by the hour of three o'clock there were 600 Meioliers
sWorn. ,
•
Mr. O'Connell took the r;a'thi at the same 'time with twd of
his 'sons. It Was,observed that the hon.:wd learned getttleuiau
in repeating the oath pronounced With naliakcd and solciou em-
phasis the words " the church as, by lavi:tablished." accom-
panying the Yoke with it motion of the finger, as if calling par-
ticular attention to the words " by, to otolished.-
While Mr. W. W. W5-tin Aiivi taking the oaths at four, the
Duke of Clunbei laud, 'accoinpauied by the Ma.iquiS,of London-
derry, entered the house fur the purpose of . 1
On the proposition of Sir G. Clerk, it was agreed thi4 the
Speaker should take the chair irrmorrow at one, to give au
opportunity fur swearing in members.

HOUSE OF LORDS.—TcEslosv, FEB.
His Majesty this day, in perstin, Opened the.new Parliament.
Their lordships atisisiabled at twelve o'clock, when,. the Kart
of Shaftesbury .having taken the woolsack, in the absence of the
Lord Chancellor, prayers,were read by. the Bishop of Bristol;
after which the c.ustomai y oaths were adminiitered to a eousi-
' derable humbet of peers.
The interior of the house presented an elegant and animated
scene. The side galleries; and a large proportion Of the lower
benches, were occupied by a rare assemblage Of beauty, intik,
and fashion. The variety of rich colors which their costume
displayed, and the waving beauty of the ostrich feathers, which
formed the almost universal ornament df the head, had a very
charming effect. 4 •
The attendance of peer's, in their robes, was unusually great.
The corps diplotnatique, which mustered Yen, strongly on this
occasion, tilled the seats immediately behind the
.-ministerial
bench,

Ten of the judges attended in their robes.
At half-past one o'clock the Lord Chancellor took the wool-
sack.
, Precisely at two o'clock the discharge of artillery Red the
clangour of trumpets announced his Majesty's arrival at the
house. - -
His Majesty shortly after cnteted the house, attended by the
great officers of state. Being seated on the throne, the Gen-
tleman (Jeher of the Black Rod (Sir A. Clifford) was directed
to command the immediate attendance of the Commons in the
House of Lords.
A very numerous body of the'Commons, headed by their
speaker, itnmediately after filled the space below the bar almost
to suffocation. So soon as the noise (meliorated by their struggling
fer entrance hart subsided, his Majesty read, in a clear and firm
voice, the following most 'gracious speech:—
"My Lolxli tiati Gentleitien,
I avail myself of the earliest opportunity of meeting you in
parliament, after having recurred to the sense of my people.
"You will, I nen confident, fully participate in the !egret
which I feel at the destruction, by accidental fire,, of that mrt
of the ancient palace of Westminster, which has been long ap-
propriated to the use of the two houses of parliament.
"Upon the Octurr.snce of this Caliiinitv, I save immediate
directions that the, hest prevision Of,Wlitch the Circumstunees of
the case would admit should be made for your presetit meatityg,
and it will he my wish to adopt shell plans for the pertititrient
accommodation of the two liOnses of Parliainent as shall be.
deemed, in your joint consideration; to be the most fitting and
convenient..

"I will give directions that there be laid befortt you the re-
port made to me by the privy council; in reference to the origin
of the fire; and the evidence upon which is was founded.

"The assurance Which I receive from tny' allies, awl gene-
rallY frdih all foreign princes and states, or their earnest desire
to cultivate the relations of amity and to maintain with me the
most friendly understanding, justify, on my part; the confident
expectation of the continuance of the bleSiings of peace.
"The single exception to the general tramuillity of Europe
is the civil contest which still prevails iu some of the detthetn
provinces of Spain. ,
" I will give directions that there be laid before sou tt-tic Fs
which .I have concluded with any allies, the King of the Freaeb,
the Queen of Spain; and the Queen of Portugal; which are sup-
plernentary to the treaty of April,
.101, iitt!l are intended to fts-
cilitate the complete attainment of the objects contemplated by
• that treaty.

" I have to repeat the expression of Ty regret that the, relit-
Liens between llolland and 13elgium still remain unsetiled.
Gtntlfcmen of the Douse of Commons,
" I have directed the estimates fur the ensuing year to be
prepared and to be laidbefore you Witlcont delay. ,
" They have been framed with the strictest attention to
economy; and I have the satisfaction of acqUainting you that
the total amount of the detnands of the public service will be
less on the present than it has been on any former occasion
within our recent experience.
"The satisfactory state of the trade and coranierce of the
country and of the public revenue fully justifies the expectation
that, tiotWithstariding the rectictions in taxation which were
inside in the last session, and which, when they shall hare
taken full. effect, will tend to diminish the existiait Nitpicks
of the public licrenue,there will reinatti aititfieient balance to
meetthe aililitional. annual charge which will arise front pro-
viding the'coutpensation granted' hy- parlihment ott leCount of
the abolition of slavery throughout the British doll:Woos.
" I deeply larthtut that the agricultural interest continues lin
a state otgreat depression.

" I reootamend to your soriotts considlration whether it map
not be in your pOWer, after providing for the exigencies ofibe
pub-lie service, and consistently with the ,steadfast maintenance
of rlie public credit, to devise a Inethod for raitigati4 the ret-
sure of those local charges which bear heiVilv on the owdets
and occupiers of land, and fot distributimgthe bartheri orf tbian
more equaliY over other descriptions of property,

c• My Lords and Gentlemen,
'"Ttre information received from the,goVernOr Of my col -
nies, together wish the acts passed in execution of the law for
the abolition of slavery, will be ,communicated to you. It is
with much satisfaction that I have observed the general conent-
rence of the ,colonial legislatiires in giving effect to these im-
portant measures; and, notwithstanding the difficulties with
which the xubject is necessarily attended; I havelieen•no Ica.;
'son to abate my earnest hopes ofa' favritirible Under all
circumstances, you may be assw•ed of my antc:ious desire mid
unceasing efforts fully to realise!the benevolent intention of pat.-
lament.

•
"There are many important sdbjects, some of u filch hale
already undergone partial discussion in parliament, the Adjust-
ment of which, at as•early a period as is consistent with theme-
tore consideration of them,'uould be of great advantage to tlie
public interests.
_ _

" Among the first in point of urgency is the state of thetithe
question in 'lreland, and the means of effecting an equitable
and final adjustment of it,
" Meawes will be
.proposed tor your consideration, :which
will have for their respective objects-4o -promote the commii-
tation of tithe in England and Valei—to improve, out :civil
jurisprudence, and the administratiou of joitice itt
,causes, to wake provision for the more effectual maintenance
of ecclesiastical discipline, and to telieVe those who dissent
'from the doctrinei or discipline of the dittreh froin the itecessity
of celehratiog the terenoiny of,ntaniage, according to its rites.

•
" Lhave•not yet received the report froth The commissioners
appointed toingnireTintti the state Of noMicipal corp.otration,
but ,I bve reason Weiler,. that it will Cie . and :thitt
.1
shall be enabled to,conottunivate it to uu at %in gutly.tpetiod.

" I have atpdintel a .i:orontiliion, for cortMeriq ibe state
of the seven:[ iti PA:101164 );nd rhiVit>tiCe
to the 4(?:011111. of their r:.,.(-I:‘,,js. 1,, the iii,ire,egual (1:411'
:butionof the -episeOpal ditties; the. state of the sevorkl.cathe-,
tlral add .collegittto cli`ii;(:-Ite'4,. with 'it view to the sir estlt ti of
attHli r.teasurr:s as May e‘,llNl ,to
ellieieney,of:tilu.eat,iblished chorch; and for adevistna the hes:t
mode of.providing for the cure of Scots, with reference to'lhet
res'idtiee of the clerg, in their resP;ctiVe.betieticei:
, .
"The especial ,‘ltiCh I have .in
_view in•thc.appnint,
meet of the commission i,. to extend more widely the •meana
of religious worihip according to the iloetrinesof the established
dinteh, and to Ctinfirii, its hoid upon the veneration .and gra.
tions of .iny people.
• " I feel it also incumbent upon ma to call your attention to
the condition of the 'Choral of Scotland, anti tti the means by
which it may be ..enabled to•increase the opportunities of I.:Ai-
...glens worship, for the poorerclasses of saciety, iu that part of
the United Kingdom. It has been my duty on this oceation to
direct vour consideration to various important matters connected
.with our domestic policy.
" I rely with entire confidence on your -willing co-operation
in perfeCtitig all such ineasureS as may be calculated ti remove
just causes of complaint, and to promote the Concord and
happiness of my subjects. •
" I rely also, with equal confidence, on. the caution and cit...
cumspection with which you will apply yenrselves to the altera-
tion of laws, whi/h aireet y extensive andcomplicated 104re4,
and are interwoven with ancient usages, to which the.habitsiansi
feelings of my people I)ve crintormed.
" I feel assured, that it will-be our common abject in 4nptili-
jog that which may be defective, or in reuovatilq that Which
-may be impaired, to strehgthen the foundations of those justi-
tations in church and• state, which are•the ifiheritduce and
.birtlitight of my ,pet .e ; and which, .a.micW all ate .vit::7qsi-
tudes of public affaits,:have proved, louder the WessUsg of
AIIIIIGII7Y (:00, the surest' guarantees of their liberties, their
rights, and their religion.' :
,Their tortishiPs then adjourned dunin-gpleaiure: 7WhOlv!etT
rea.semb:ed,
• •
The 1:6Iti) r'-.HANcEti.on reed .thr7.•stteeeh 1"4-

, ,
jelity leili7erea theWen' baying boeo
ien,t uy the ea.% k,
The I:ii r. 14 t•ri prori4,,a.itd to •trblress their
lntfd-
ie tisyngihiLkiirc:hertile,rees nt titiniks
ill, yluiiial speech, felt
It Of their- •kiniloch4 61.1 d
indittgctice, that time' he
had' hart thts -h ztcua•-uf
pre4eotiop, bchire ; anti they 'ainst.•atil m'4ll
:iware that the home ut the:pui,oits cinfuete.l %kith hill protus-
siou was uot favourable to ttie stikly Aillreinte
(blew himself ou their lot,ishry,' kindfielmand
being perfectly convinced that Le shoal ieeeive troth a' briribia
--thine a Peers-a fair and iactulgeut-heariag. -That lueltag
