Simon

OUR CONTEMPORARIES.

We can seldom place much faith in the veracity of the
Whig-radical press, but we do certainly think, that in their
reports of public meetings a little decency might be ob-
served, and at any rate personalities might be avoided, even
towards those parties whose opinions and facts happen to be
opposed to those of the zeporter or his party. The cause
must be weak indeed which requires the aid of misrepresen-
tation and ridicule to support it.
The Mercury of Friday last proposes to furnish his readers
with a report of the proceedings of the Anti-slavery meet-
ing held on Thursday evening. at which an assertion of Mr.
Scoble, the itinerant agitator of the society, called forth from
one of our most respectable merchants a complete refuta-

tion, supported by facts, against which, even Mr. Scoble in
vain attempted to bear up, and corroborated by the evidence
of another gentleman, who spoke from personal experi-
ence upon the subject. We pass over the attempts made by
Mr. Scoble to wriggle out of the dilemma in which he felt
himself placed, our object being only to notice the extremely
unfair and insolent tone in which this portion of the pro-
ceedings is given by the Mercury. The gentlema* who cor-
roborated the statements of Mr. Semple, and who is in every
sense of the word as respectable a man as any iir the meet-
ing, is described by the reporter as " a person with red hair,
who had planted himself behind Mr. Semple ;" and in
another place is very impertinently described as " the red-
haired dissentient." We are not aware that the gentleman
in question will care a straw for the vulgarity of these allu-
sions, but we must express our opinion, that the real friends
of the Anti-slavery Society are not consulting the interest of
the cause which they have in hand by tolerating so unworthy
a mode of treating those who, though quite as sincere as
themselves, in the wish to see Great Britain and her colo-
nies freed from the contamination of slavery, are at the same
time of opinion that that object cannot be promoted by gross
misrepresentations of facts and systematic endeavours to
create a sensation in its favour at the expense of truth.

The Journal has a long article upon the subject of the late
decision of the Dock Committee, by which the motion car-
ried by Mr. Robertson Gladstone in favour of admitting
reporters to the meetings of the Dock Trustees was re-
scinded. It is seldom, indeed, that the Conservative press
is found ranged under the same banner with the organs of
Whig radicalism. On this question, however, the press of
Liverpool appears to be unanimous ; and, perhaps, Mr.
Alderman Leathom and his supporters may find it to their
advantage to respect so undeniable an evidence of the direc-
tion of public opinion. The correspondence between the
Alderman and Mr. Robertson Gladstone, which we pub-
lished on Friday, will not be without its effect upon the minds
of our townsmen.

There are few people who are not aware how important a
weapon in the hands of the whig faction, is the faculty " of
enormous lying." Our contemporary, the Chronicle, is an
especial adept in the use of this favourite weapon of his
party, and in a leading article of his last publication, gives
full swing to his propensity.
It will be remembered that an expression of Mr. W. E.
Gladstone, the member for Newark, during the debate on
the China question, was received by the ministerial benches
as a justification of the Chinese authorities for resorting
even to the extreme measure of poisoning the wells from
which British traders in opium were accustomed to draw
their supplies of water. This misunderstanding of the sense
which Mr. Gladstone intended his words to convey, was
promptly rectified by that gentleman himself, and admitted
by Lord Palmerston and others during the debate. Yet the
Chronicle following in the wake of other equally unprin-
cipled journals, persists in affixing to the character of Mr.
Gladstone the stain which so atrocious a sentiment would
justly have brought upon it. The friends of that gentle-
man can well afford to despise an attack, which coming from
such a source must be harmless. The animus, however, of
the Editor of the Chronicle, is plainly evinced; the dispo-
sition to bite is not the less manifested, because the gums
are toothless ; the senseless slaver of the toad is still hateful
and nasty, although it may not contain► the venom of the
serpent.

Our contemporary of the Times, unlike any other of his
contemporaries, defends the policy of excluding reporters
from the meetings of the Dock Committee. We cannot,
however, say much in favour of his arguments, which, in our
opinion, apply quite as much to the policy of giving publicity
to the proceedings of the Council as to those of the Committee.
The former as well as the latter have contracts to make, ser-
vants to engage and discharge, and discussions to carry on,
which at times are " totally unfit to meet the public eye,"
and may " lead to a mischievous exposure of the affairs of
individuals ;" and we perfectly coincide with the opinion of
our contemporary, and its applicability to both, that " a talk-
ing body is seldom a working body." We wonder the Times
has not hinted this fact to another assembly, which is pecu-
liarly a talking body.
It may, no doubt, be very convenient to some parties that
the details of the proceedings of the Dock Committee should
not be " laid open to the public gaze prematurely." It
should be remembered, however, that it is these very details
which the public wish to inspect. A portion of the Dock
Committee is composed of members returned by the mercan-
tile body, and whilst their opinions are, on every question of
importance, overborne by the majority returned by the Cor-
poration, the public have, a right to know on what ground;
those opinions are opposed. The majority can carry their
own dicta to the Council Chamber., where they are duly
ushered forth to the public as the fruits of the collective wis-
dom of the Dock Committee ; but the arguments and the
protests of the mercantile community, who have no seats in
the Council, are dropped at the door. "So long as the pro-
ceedings have to pass under the review of the representatives
of the burgesses of Liverpool, and to receive their sanction
before they possess any force," our contemporary argues that
" publicity is fully provided for." We maintain that it is
no such thing. The public only know so much of the pro-
ceedings of the Dock Committee as those of its members,
who belong to the Council, choose to reveal through the pro-
ceedings of the Council. The opinions of the majority of the
Dock Committee are revealed ; but those of the minority we
are entirely unacquainted with. The public see the results
attained, but they want to see the working of the machinery.

We are not surprised that our contemporary should take
the illiberal side upon this question. The aristocratic section
of the whig party, of which he is the organ, appear resolved
to cut off all connexion and sympathy with their fellow-
townsmen, and to earn the thorough contempt of every
member of the community. We hope they will not be disap-
pointed.

CAUTION TO MATES, STEWARDS, AND OTHERS.—On
Tuesday last, a very respectably clad young man, named
William Sunter, was placed before Mr. Rushton, to meeta
charge of having smuggled a quantity of tobacco. Mr.
Brooks, of the customs, was present, and his officers proved
that about 33 lbs. of what is called Cavendish (foreign manu-
factured) tobacco was found in the cabin of the ship Margaret
Johnson, from Charleston, then lying in the Victoria Dock,—
part of it in a wine locker, under some bottles of wine ; and
part of it under a berth or sleeping place. It appeared from
the evidence that, on being questioned about it, the prisoner
owned that, with the exception of asmall quantity, it belonged
to him. When called upon for his defence he made a simi-
lar admission, and pleaded his ignorance of the laws of the
country,—he not having been more than two voyages to spa.
The owner and the mate of the ship he had sailed with gave
him a good character. Mr. Rushton regretted that the fact
being proved, he had no power to mitigate the penalty, in
which he must convict him,—namely. £lOO. He should,
however, assist him to memorialize the Lords Commissioners,
and he was glad to add that, on consulting Mr. Brooks, that
gentlemanwould also recommend a mitigation of the penalty.

CHURCH OF ENGLAND LIFE AND FIRE ASSURANCE
AND ANNUITY COMPANY.—This company, whose adver-
tisement in a remodelled form appears this day in our co-
lumns, is, we understand, rapidly progressing, the numbers
of its supporters daily increasing by the adhesion of gentle-
men of high standing and great influence. It will be seen
that it has been much strengthened by a junction with the
" City of London Annuity Company," with their large
paid-up capital and already-established business. The pro-
spectuses, we are informed, will be issued in a few days,
when it will be seen that the company has the high sanction
and patronage of a many of the bishops of our church, as well
as the nobility, who take a lively interest in its success. We
are glad to observe the name of our respected townsman,
Samuel Holme, Esq., in connexion with the company here ;
and we have no doubt that it will receive the cordial support
of all the friends and members of the Church of England.

GAME CERTIFICATES.—The following notice relative to
the alteration of the time at which Game Certificates expire,
we presume will be of serviee to our sporting friends:—
" Notice is hereby given, that by the 3d sec. of the Act 2
and Victorise, c. 35, it is enacted, that all certificates for
taking or killing game, granted and in force at the time of
the passing of the said act (29 July 1839,) and all such cer-
tificates granted after that date, and before the 6th of July
1840, instead of expiring on the sth day of April 1840, shall
continue in force until the sth day of July 1840 ; and that all
such certificates which shall be granted at any time after the
sth day of July 1840, shiall continue in force until and upon
the sth day of July next after the time of issuing the same."
INCREASE OF LlVERPOOL.—Notwithstanding the dullness
of trade, houses have never, within our recollection, been in
greater demand than they are at present in this town. About
five or six years ago, it was estimated that there were five
thousand houses to let in Liverpool and the neighbourhood,
building having• been a complete mania for some time ; but
so rapid has been the increase of the population since that
time, that there is now scarcely a house to be had, for love
or money, either in the town or environs. No sooner is a
good house announced as being to let, than it is applied for
by half a dozen persons ; and in one case that we have heard
of, a dozen persons applied for a house on the same day, and
two of them got to very high words about it. If it had not
been for the dullness of trade and the scarcity of money,
building would have recommenced before this time with great
vigour.—Liverpool Times.
PREJUDICES.—Every country has particular prejudices
with regard to accelerating personal improvements ; but,
with a few barbarian exceptions, a set of fine teeth is an
object of general solicitude. The present age abounds in
useful and elegant discoveries (says an eminent member of
the faculty) but all yield in beauty and utility to ROWLAND'S
ODONTO, which, as an embellisher and preserver of the
teeth, and consequent promoter of comfort and attraction, is
certainly the first dentifrice of the present age.—See advt.
FEMALE ORPHAN ASYLUM.—We refer with great plea-
sure to the public meeting advertised to promote the esta-
blishment of a Liverpool Female Orphan Asylum. It is pro-
posed to extend its benefits to a distance of seven miles from
the Liverpool Exchange, and it is hoped that the support of
it will be extensive and liberal. The object must excite ge-
neral sympathy and interest. We learn that the Rev. Jona-
than Brooks and the Rev. Hugh M'Neile have kindly pro-
mised their influence and assistance, by moving the leading
resolutions.
HALIFAX AND BOSTON STEAMERS.—The steam-packets
between Liverpool and Halifax and Boston will commence
sailing from this port on Saturday, the 16th of May. This,
we believe, will be the shortest voyage across the Atlantic.
It will realize the plan proposed many years ago in Mac-
gregor's British America, and more fully developed by Judge
Halyburton, in hie memoirs of the immortal Sam Slick.

RAILWAY INTELLIGENCE.

STATE AND PROSPECTS OF THE SHARE
MARKET.

We have viewed with considerable satisfaction the progres-
sive improvement in the market for railway property, which
we thought was at one time depressed to a greater extent
than any merely financial difficulties warranted. We are
still of opinion that in many stocks there is ample room for
improvement, but we must confess that we do not altogether
regard with pleasure the feverish tone which our share mar-
ket has evinced during the past week. It is certainly natural,
that when so many great works are drawing towards comple-
tion, the public attention should be directed towards them,
and, the exact cost being ascertained, that purchasers for in-
vestment should become more frequent, and an advance in
price be the result. But we cannot conceal from ourselves

the fact, that, for the last week the feeling under which pur-
chases have been made has gone a little beyond the point
which intrinsic circumstances have warranted. We are not
satisfied that any stock has been sold too high, but we do
not regard as a healthy sign the sudden impulse by which
these prices have been realized.

It may certainly be said, and we trust such is the case,

that the present activity in the share market is produced by
a reviving confidence in the prospects of our commerce gene-
rally, and in the security of our financial affairs. We have
no doubt, that, to a considerable extent this is true ; and,
provided our speculators do not allow their eagerness to out-
run the just limits of prudence, we shall be satisfied. But
we must deprecate any approach to the reckless and gambling
spirit which was displayed a few years ago, and which has
entailed upon us evils so deeply felt and so widely spread.
The consequences of another revulsion, similar to that out of
which we are just emerging, would throw incalculable diffi-
culties in the way of a system, which, if allowed to progress
steadily and with a healthy speed, cannot but tend to promote
the happiness and the comfort of the community.

MIDDAND COTTNTIRSP RAILWAT.—The works on this
line as far as Leicester arein an extreme state of forwardness,
and there is not the least doubt the first week in May will see
the train flying over the high embankment, or through the
deep cuttings to that place. From Long Eaton to Sutton
Bonnington, two lines of rails are completed—the splendid
bridge over the Trent being now crossed by engines and trains
of waggons, and the tunnel being also quite passable. At
Sutton Bonnington there is a deep cutting beside the church-
yard, and a station is building, which will require some little
work, but the number of hands employed will soon complete
that. Past Normanton-on-Soar and Loughborough all is
finished, the station at the latter place being a very large one;
but at Barrow-upon-Soar there still remains cosiderable cut-
ting to be done, one place being cut down to 50 or 60 feet
and not being yet completed. At Cossington there is a little
work, but at Silehy this is counterbalanced by there being a
total completion, comprising several very high bridges, which
support the line above the village streets, and also some ex-
ceedingly deep cuttings. At Syston, the bridges and station
are also nearly finished, the latter being only one story high,
but very compact, and containing plenty of room. At Thur-
maston, about 1 miles from Leicester, a piece of embankment
is yet to be laid, and about a mile from Leicester there is
some embankment required, but near to Leicester the works
are in an extreme state of forwardness. The station is a noble
one ; the front facing the street is supported by five huge
iron pillars. The engine house, depot for carriages, work-
shops for engineers, &c., are on a most extensive scale. The
bridges across the railway at Leicester, viz., across the Ii um-
berstone-road, London-road, &c. are finished, but at the top
of New Walk, a tunnel is being built which will require some
time to complete. About a mile and a half past Leicester, a
very fine viaduct is in course of erection ; and at Rugby ano-
ther viaduct, not equalled by any in the kingdom for work-
manship, is finished. In short, on the whole, the line may
be fairly said to have sprung into being, so quick has been
its progress. A new plan has been adopted at Leicester in
building the bridges, viz., to build the side walls so high as
to prevent any one looking over, and thus at the same time
protecting numbers from accidents. The process of blasting
is much practised at Leicester. In conclusion, we are sorry
to add, that within the last fortnight two men have been
killed on the works at separate times. A horse was also
killed on Tuesday morning week, by falling down an em-
bankment. The Directors intend giving a grand opening
day when the trains run to the Rugby station for the first
time.—Notts Review.

EDINBURGH AND GLASGOW RAILWAY.—This line of rail-
way is getting on rapidly, and the tunnel in Bell's Park is
getting forward at a quick rate. There are three steam-en-
gines employed at this tunnel, bringing up the stones and
rubbish at three holes, technically called " eyes," and a great
quantity of stuff is brought up in the course of a day.— Glas-
gow Chronicle.

We understand that since the opening of the Great West-
ern line to Reading, the last of the Bath and Bristol coaches
has been put upon the railway. The same has been the case
with the Oxford and other coaches.
