SEPTEMBER.

I The metropolis is visited by a thunder storm, durial.which
two labourers are struck by lightning', and one killed on the
2 Mr.-O'Connell addresses another letter from ➢errvnane
Abbey to the people of Ireland. . . . ..
4 The new President otthe United States delivers his speech
to the. two Houses of Coogresi,.un the comineucement of the
ri e-,43. i on. . , . . , , .

-ITt consequence of Arthur Guinness,i the eminent
hrewer, having coted for Me,rsrs..,West and Hamilton, ,the
O'Connellites destror several barrels of Guinness's stout, &c.
which are lyiug in the docksin Dublin for ekport;ition. .
• 5 Lord Mulgrave announces- his intention of , withdrawing
the name of Colonel Verner from the-commission of the peace
in ireland,,and from the listof deputy-lieutenants forthe county
of Tyrone, in consequence of Colonel .Verner halting_ proposed
at a public dinner, the toast of ."the battle of the. Diamond."-
- The Apollo, Yarmouth steam-packet. is run do.n by the
Monarch. a Leith packet, in Nortbfleet Hope, and three per-
sons drowned. • •

__ ......... .
• 8-The Lord Lieutenant of Ireland offers a reward of £3O
for the discovery of the destroyers of Messrs. Guinness's pro-
perty.
-,-- Brigadier O'Donnell, with the remnant of the British
legion, cantor.. Andnain.- , ~. .
9 Two lives are lost .by the concussion of the train of .car-
riages on the Liverpool and: Bi ruling ham Railway. . ..
. II Parliament is prorogued from this day until the 2d Of
October next.
The Marquis of Waterford receives " a broken coxcomb'
in an encounter with, the watch .at. Bergen, in Sweden-
- Madrid is again declared to be in a state of -siege. .
. Capt. Townshend, on a message from ,Sir R.. Peel, re-
tracts his charges, against the hon. baronet of having used undue
influence at the election for Tamwoith. . . , .
. .

dt?, Dort Carlos makes a triumphant entry into Arganda,
within twelve miles of Madrid, with sixteen battalions of infantry
awl-seven squadrons of cavalry.
. .
LI The Curlists attack and retake Andoain from Brigadier
O'Donnell.

-- Mr. Lander, an amateur, and 'Williams, a watertna n, row
from Oxford to .Westminster-bridge, a distance of. 116 miles, in
eighteen hours and fort•-eight.minntes.
16 Conservative meeting in the town of Ayr.
18 The Cortes publish a decree compelling all Spaniards In
contribute according to their means to the deficit in .the public
treasury. . . .. .
.Tbe charterists are defeated: by the Baron das Antas, I a
Ruivaes. . . • . . .
. .

• 19 Sir Francis Burdett's return for Wiltshire is celebrated
by the Conservatives of Devizes. •

Gen. Zariategui takes possession. of
20 The remnant of the army• of the charterists surrender to
the. Baron das Antes, who publishes an .order of the day, in
which.the revolt is attributed to British gold.
Parliament is this day prorogued till the 15th November
for the dispatch of .business.
22. The Carlists are defeated by .oraa near Cuenca.
24. The Christinos, under,Carondelet, retake Valladolid.
26. The jury of the inquest on Mary Ann. Jones, who was
drowned in consequence of the collision of the Monarch and
Apollo steamboats, attribute the collision to the bad look out
on.board the Monarch, and levy a deodand of £5OO on that
♦easel. . , , .

28 The Queen reviews the Life Guards and Grenadier Guards
in Windsor Park.

The cholera continues to exist at Perpignan.
29 The government.of Portugal apologises to Lord Howard
de Waid9,n fur the insulting exoressions towards,England, con-
tained in the order of the.day of the Viscount des AGtas.

OCTOB Eft.
1 The Carlists under General Garcia capture Peralto.
Two hrinclred deaths occur at Home from cholera.
2 CelebratioU of the Conservative cause in North Stafford-
shire.

3 .13rilzader O'Donnell makes a descent on Mannino, and
plunders several. villages.
4 Her majesty pays her visit to Brighton.
At a great tneetineat Birmingham. a meynnrial is drawn
up, 4thiressed in Lord :Melbourne, upon the sulrjeet of commer-
cial distress.

5 Hortense Eugene de Beanharnois Duchess de St. Len,
daughter of the,Ern press Josephine, died at the chateau trf Ar-
nenhnrg, in Switzerland, aged fifty-fmir,years. •'• '
An eneagement takes place at•Retuera between the Car-
lists, uncle? Don Caries, and the Christinos, Commanded by Es-
partero. Both parties claim the victory.
9 The American packet Home is wrecked on her passage
from New York to Charleston, and 70 passengers drowned.•
The conservatives of Siinth Cheshire give a grand dinner
to their member, Sir-Philip Egerton, Bart. •
10 The triumph of conservatism in Middlesex is celebrated by
a grand festival at/Ux.brillg:e. •
• 41 The conservatives of Staines celebrate the return of Tho-
mas Wood, Esq., their new member.
A sitnilartt•.tival lakes place at Southend, to celebrate the
return Of D7essrs. Bratuston and Palmer for the southern division
of Essex.

Frederica Louisa Wilholmina, Queen of the Netherlands,
and daughter of Frederick I.Vi!ham IL, King of Prussia, died
attheH ague, aged 53 years. • •

13 The baitford conservative association entertain their re-
pressntative, Sir Wm. Geary, and Sir Edmund Filtner,.the.un-
successful conservative candidate.
The conservatives of East Sussex and West Kent also
celehr.te their triumph.
The'French army, under Gen. Damremontovho is killed
in the assault. capture' Constantine.
I The "holeta is declared to have subsided at home, 10,000
persons having fallen victims durimy.its continnauce.
15 Baron de Meer dissolves the National Guard at Barce-
lona.

II The conservatives of South Buckinghamshire give a din.
ner to their memhers, the Marquis of Chandos and Sir Wm.
Laurence Young.
A 'coroner's jury memorialises the Secretary of State
against the ,practice Of soldiers wearing side arms when l>ff
duty, such practise having frequen►ly occasioned the loss of
life.

The conservatives of Liverpool give a s.Trandtlinner to their
representatives, Lord Sandon and Mr. Cresswell.
17 The marriage of the Princess Marie. daughter of Louis
Philippe, witu Prince Alexander of I,Virtemberg taken place at
Trianon.

19 a strand conservative festival is held at Belfast.
211' Boyer, President et the republic of.Hayti, announces the
al'Pr"athing arrival Of a French commissioner, and. declars
that the republic will come to no arrangement with the French
government, which is not compatible with the iiltinual ho-
nour.

The steamer Warren, in descending the', Al ississrpi -Inns
dawn the Monarch steamer, having on board 600 Greek Indians,
of whom 300 are drowned.
26 The stud of his late Majesty William IV., at Hampton
Court,. is sold .hv auction, and realizes-15.000 guifteas. •
'27 The fortrei.ss'of laiiro'capitolateoo the Carlista.
28: The Coldnist, a West Indianian, is -:destroyed by fire off
Portsmouth. •
29 The ringleaders of the mutiny which terminated in • the
death or Escalera, are shot by 'order of Espartero, at Miranda
del Ebro.
•
30 the-Kin of Hanover dissolves the States General,
31 The English ship Leda, from Cadiz taLondon, is wrecked
on the coast of France, near.Ambleteuse. •
The King of Hanover dismisses the Gabinet,lllinisfers.
• On the proposition of Mr. O'Connellthe General Asso-
ciation of Ireland is dissolved. ,

The Archttiitum .of Cologne, in reply to the manifesto of
the Prussian Government, declares that he will nut submit to
the King of Prussia iu ecclesiastical affairs.

NOVEMBER.
1 A Special General Court of Proprietors at the East India-
house, approve ofa resolution of the Coriri. of Directors, grant-
ing a sum of £20,00a to• the-Nlarquis Wellesley, for his distin-
guished and important services during his tenure of the office of
Governor General.
Don Carlos arrives at Durango.

The king 'of' lia wirer, by his royal letters patent, abro-
gates the constitution granted to the*Hatioveriaus by king Wil-
liam, and restores the old form of ~,foverninent.

2 The plague breaks out in Odessa.
New Treasury notes are issued by the government at
Washington, Under the authority of Congress.
3 'The works of the Thames tunnel are again suspended by
an irruption of the river, by which one of the workmen is
drowned.

4 Seditious and insulting expressions are used towards her
Majesty, Whilst in her carriage, on her art ival from Brighton,
by an individual, who turns out to be insane.
The Queen of Spain disStolves the Cortes.
5 The service appointed to be read in churches on this day,
on account of the discovery of the popish plot, is omitted, by di-
rection of the Lord Lieutenant, from the service performed in
the chapel of the Castle of Dublin, in consequence of which,
Dr. Elrington, one of the chaplains. whose duty it was to preach,
on the occasion, tenders his resignation.
6 Riots take place at Montreal, on account of the prohibition
by the magistrates, of the proceqsiori of the "fits de, lit Liberte."
7 A grand conservative dinner takes place at Bath, at which
(J() persons are present.
Mr. Lovejoy, proprietor of a printing press, which has
been imported for the purpose of advocating the-fibolition of
slavery, 14 shot, with four others, in endeavouring' to prdtect
the press from distruction by a mob.

. .
9 her Majesty procPe-ls in state to Guildhall, and dines
with the Lord Mayor and corporation of London.. , - •
O'Connell adtt resses a letter to t he clergy of ( he Established
Chafe', • in. Ireland, proposing a plan for the settlement of the
tithe question. ,

11 Capt. _Goode. is committed for trial on a-charge of having
uttered seilitiotts and obscene expressions.towards her Majesty,
on the occasion of her Majesty's arrival from Brighton.
14 A. coltiet's boat,' having on board four seamen. is run
down by the Mercury Graves4nd steam-boat, in Blarkwall
Reach, and ono of the me❑ caught in the paddle wheels and
killed.

15 Sir Robert Peel is re-elected Lord Rector of the Univer-
sity of talsgow.

. .
.
A deputation from the merchants of Cologne waits upon
the Lord Mayor, with .a congratulatory address on the.opening
of commerce.hetween London and Cologne, after an intermis-
sion of.3oo.years. . • .
',Vhe. King. of Prussia suspends the Archbishop of Cologne
from the exercise of his episopal functions.
--- The session of parliament is opened by commission, and
Mr. Abercromby is again chosen Speaker of the House of
Commons. ,
. . .

. .
• IC) The King of Hanover receives deputations from the pro-
iincial assemblies, who,, with the people in general, .manifest
an indifference on the subject of his Majesty's change of the
constitution.of,lB33.

Col. Iriarte, and other officers, are executed .for being
concerned .in .the insurrection which terminated iu the murder
of. General Saarsfield.. . , .

.18 Seven members of the University, of Gottingen sign a pro-
test against ..the royal patent of Nov. 1,, changing the coustah-
tiaa of 4.anpver. , .
..• • • •

, .. . . . . ~. .... ~. . .
' .19 The Queen,RegentotSpain accompanied by her daughter,
Isabella 1.1., opens the. session.of the
.Cortes: .
20 ,Her Majesty opens parliament in person.
-- In consequence of repeated Tepresentations at head-
quarters, of the impropriety of allowing soldiers to wear their
side arms when off ditty. the commander-in-chief orders the dis-
continuance .of that plActice. . .
An. inquest on the,hody of the sailor destroyed by the Fad-
cite wheels of,the Mercury steciner,,returns 4 verdict.of." Acci-
dental death," with a deodand of £l(X) on theeteam-boat. .
In consequence of proceedings, preparatory to. the intro-
ductionof the. new-poor law. into Bradford,. in Yorkshire; riots
took place in that town, which are (petted by tbe.military.
21 A grand ball is .given at Guildhall for the benefit of the
Polish refugees in Great Britain.„ ... . , • •

--, Several companies or Oriiish troops under Colonel Gore
are, repulAe l io
,an, attack on the Canadian insurgents.. who,had
fortified themselves in the village of St. Denis, in Lower
Canada.

22 The magistrates of Tipperary sign a memorial for the ap-
plication of the coercion act to thatcounty.
23 On the motion of the Chancellot of the Eschequer.a com-
mittee is appointed on the subject of the civil list, Mr.. Harvey
.haying proposed an amendment for an inquiry into all pensions
and sinecures. The amendment is ultimately withdrawn.

—At a numerous tneetit4 ' attended tag twenty-six members
of•parlianient, at Exeter-hall, resolutions are adopted for the
purpose of procuring the. immediate, an Ft complete abolition of
34Feyty, roau I all. portitins of the•Bitiiish
A treaty of commerce and navigation, on the principlek
of 'reciprocity, is concluded between Qreat Britain and. the
Netherlands. , •

,wearing of side-arms in the Royal Marine Corps is
ordeied to be discontinued.

24 A bill for the abolition of imprisonment for debt is read a
first time in the House of Lords.
25 C.Ol ,M 0 Wetherell, with two or three,companies of,a Bri-
tish regiment, attacks and takes the village of St. Charles
from the Canadian int,urgents. .
One hundred and fifty inhabitants of llamburg present a
congratulathry.address to the seven:professors of.the University
of Gottingen,: who had 'untested against the Alteration of the
constitution of Hanover by Ernest Augustus.
27 The nishop of London presents a petition to the House
Of Lords from Cheltenham, signed by 5(.84 .persons„ praying,
that in any national.system of. Rducation,..provisinn may he
made to secure the reading of the authorised version of the
Script ore
On'a motion of the Earl of Roden, for a return of all the
rewards offered by.the Lord Lieutenant,of Ireland, .fer the dis-
covery of the prepetrators of murders and other outrages COM..
during,the last year, a.discossioutakes place on the sub-
je,ct of the .state of lrelaud, the Duke of Wellington and other
noble lords prosing from documents,t he falsehood of the state-
ment put forth by ministersin her Majesty's speech, that Ire-
land was:in a state of tranquillity.
The Carlists raise the seine of Puycerda.
28. The Duke of Newcastle presents a petition to the House
of Lords, agreed, to at a meeting pf Protestants in London, for
the exclusion of Roman Catholics from the legislature:
------- Colonel Wetherell, heving been unable to maintain St.
Charles agaiust,the increased force of the French Canadiani,
retreats to Cbarnbly.,

30 Th,;! Kitni of Hanover receives a deputation from Got-
tingen, headed by several professors, magistrates, and principal
citizens, who express their disapproval of the protest on the p )rt
of seven other professors, against the King's patent of the Ist
of November.
DECEMBER.

I Lord John Russell introduces a bill for the relief of the
poor in Ireland.
Lord Brodizharn proposes his plan for the adoption of a
sistern of general education, and declares himself a convert to
the ballot.

4 The metropolis and surrounding country is visitdwithi.i,
dense tog, which occasions numerous accidents, attended with
los
5/1.(1i bill for the abolition,ef imprisonment,for debt is read a
Secood time in the House 44 Lords.
Lord John Russell introduces a bill for the better regulit-
tioa of municipal corporations in Ireland.
Colonel Verner brings before.the. House of Commons
question of
,his dismissal from the magistracy for having 'ire ue
at a private party of friends, the toast of
.".Theilattle of
,t,6
:Diamorid." The motion for the Production ofpapers is agree'd
to.
Van Buren, the American. president, deli-vers the,messarTe
to the two houses of congress, at the commencement of the
second session of the twenty-fifth congress.
6 Mr. Smith O'Brien, ,11-P, for Limerick, presents his pe-
tition to the House of:Commons against the subscription fund
raised,in England fur the purpose of supporting petitions against
Irish members.
Mr. Blewitt 'preposes resolutions deprecating the election
petition subscription fund. After some discussion the resolu-
tlOUS.are withdrawn. , • ^
4 meeting takes place at toe London Tavern for the pur-
pose of adopting measures to maintain the present members for
the city of London in their seats..
7 Mr. S. O'Brien moves in the House of Commons for a
select committee on the subject of the subscription to support
petitions against Irish members. Sir Francis Rurdett, a mein-
•having.forwariled,his subscription of £2O. The motion is
tieuatived, there being for the motion 121, against it 331.
*8
The motion of the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the
aPP'ointment of a select committee to investigate the pension
list is cariied by a majority of 62, there'being 295 for and 233
against, the motion.
The British legion at St. Sebastian lay dowrs-their arias on
the glacis of that fortress, and renounce the service of the Queen
of Spain.
JO 13rigadier O'COnnell publishes kgenfral order, detailing
the:Sufferings and privations of the 13ritish legion previous to its
dissolution.
Hubert, one of the accomplices in the Neuilly conspiracy
and included in the amnesty cif April, is arrested et Boulogne-
Sor-Mer, on:the evidence of his having taken measures to attempt
the life of Louis
11 II" Majesty semis a message to both houses ,of ;parlia-
ment, recothinenoine a provision for the Duchess of Kent suit-
aloe to her royal highness's increased proximity to the throne.
12 On the motion of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the
House of Commons agree to a resolution that her Majesty be
enabled to give an additional provision of, a-vear, out of
the consolidated fund to her Royal Highness the Duchess of
Kent.

13 Lord Brougham phces on the journals of the House of
Lords a protest_against the grant of as additional ..,./.8000 a year
to the Duchess of Kent.
A public meeting,
Bradford, against the introduCtion of the new
,poor-law into
that 'dare. attended by 2000 persons, is held at
14, Mr. Harvey's motion " that tine pright ofrovision is,made in the
civil list bill, for the protection of the
parliament to
inquire into and to appropriate the revenues of the duchies of
Cornwall and and Lancaster," .is debated in the house, and on
a division there atipears for the motion, 82,;
against it, 181.
'Disturbances take place at Nionster, in consequence of the
proceedings of the Prussian government against the Arch-
bishop of Cologne.
16 A public meeting., attended by 400 students of the Uni-
versity, is held in Edinburgh for the purpose of •forming an
association for disseminating the principles of protestant Con-
servatism.
17 The session of the French Chambers is opened by the
King of the French.
--The Christinos surprise and capture the fort of Zugarra-
niurtli. .

A new ministry is formed at Madrid, of which Count
d'OfaHa is appointed premier.
is The committee On the pension list being nominated, Sir
G. Sinclair propoSes the addition of Mr. Harvey's name, which
is objected to by the Chancellor of the Exchequer on,accOunt
orMr. Harvey's having before published eVidenee taken before
a cernmiitee of which he was a Member, and refusing to give a
riledge that he Would not pursue that course on the present oc-
casion.. The house divided, when there appeared, for the inser-
tion of Mr. Harvey's name, 71; against it, 12'2,.
Mr. O'Connell, in a letter to his temporary constituents,
denounces the ministerial measure fur the relief of the poor in
Ireland.

News arrives of Or insurrection in Canada, and of the
rescue of two of the insurgents from a body of the government.
t roofs.
'2U -Tire civil list Lill is read a second time the tlouse of
Lord's.

'.Mich diniage is done at Bradford, and other places in
Yorkthire, occasioned by heavy rains.
Lord Brougham enters a protest on the journals of the
'louse of Lords' a.ainst the Civil list bill.
2. In consequence of news having arrived to-day of the
open state of insurrection throughout the provinces of Lower
Canada, and the 'defeat of the small body of British troops who
Were despatched against the insurgents, a discussion takes
pliiee in parliament on the state of the colony, souse members
urging the declaration of its independence, and ministers give
notice that they shall only move the adjournment of the house
until the 16th of January next, in order that theyniight lay .be-
fore parliame .
nt all the informatlon they might then possess
upon the subject.
A dispute ariies. between Mr. O'Connell and the trades'
committee of Dublin.

O'Connell addresses a second letter to his constituents,
denouncing any measure for the relief of the poor itilreland:
23 H er'Nfajesiv prOceeds in state to the House of Lords; and
gives her royd.l assent, in person, to the civil list bill and other
bills.

The Duchess of Kent's annuity bill is read a third time in
the House of Commons, and passed.
Both houses of parliament adjourn till Tuesday, the 16th
of January next.
26 The trades of Dublin meet to vindicate themselves from
the calumnies of O'Connell. ' The agitator does not attend the
meeting, to which he had been invited, having excused himself
on the plea of
:sickness.
28 A destructive fire occurs at Davis's Wharf, Tooley-street,
by whiny property to the amount of bet Ween £lOO,OOO and
.£200,000 is destroyed.

SINGLE SPEECHES.—There is now a well-known counsel
practisintz in a certain court in London, but who is very seldom
seen
.in Westminster Hall, who hod been induced by mere ac-
cident to make a speech at a religtious public meeting in a county
town; and so great was the impression it made on the heart of
a young lady who was present, that she became all- at once
enamoured of the speaker.. An introduction .followed; and that
was soon succeeded by. the marriage of the gentleman to the
fair admirer of his oratory and of himself;. and. as the lady had
a large fortune, therase may he justly 'referred to as illustratiVe
of the important results to which even a single speech may
sometimes • lead.—The Bur and the Bench, by the Author of
,Random. Recollections.
