TO CORRESPONDENTS.

The earliest attention will he paid to " D's" rather kit& tint
interesting letter.

Zbe Libeipool

FRIDAY MORNING, MARCH 11, I qe,..

We have received Canton Registers and Prices Car.
rent to the very late. date of the 4th November. They
do not possess any interest. The following extract may
concern those who know the meaning of it :

" We regret to inform the foreign community that Ilopun;
the linguist of the British ship Fort William last veer, is about
to proceed on his way to his dreary banishment to the 'cold
country.' We should be glad to arouse the sympathies of allforeigners, foreigners, but more particularly of Britons, in favour of this
unfortunate victim to a tyrannical and lying government. Ile
is pauper et exul; he has a wife and children, from whom he is
torn, and their hopes that they will ever again meet are the
weakest. The hong merchants and linguists, in their indivi-
dual and collective capacities, have made a purse for the sorrow-
ful and far-distant way-farer; and we hope this appeal" will in
duce the foreign community of Canton to unite in aiding one
who has been dragged into undeserved calamities, and punish-
ment through his official connection with them."'

By what we subjoin it would appear that some of the
priests of Canton are nearly as great rogues as some of
the Roman Catholic priests of Ireland :

"9th Al oon, 2d day.—Oct. 23d.—To-day a Budhist priest was
executed. Ths crime was that he kept a nest for thieves, whom
he sent rot th to rob. Ile was a native of S'huoukiny fun, and hail
dwelt in the Budhist temple outside the east gate, whet e was his
nest of thieves, for many years, without laving diseove►ed. But
the moth)-changers' shops near the east gate having been plun-
dered, the military, in their pursuit of the robbers, arrived at
the temple, and aiscovered that this priest of Budh was the keeper of a fence."

Dernarara papers to the 7th February reached us yes-
terday. We find in thorn the speech of the Lieutenant..
Governor, Sir JAMES CARMICHAEL SMITH, at the open-
ing' of the Court of Policy yin the'26th of January, and
the answer of the Court after taking that speech into
nnsicieration. Both these documents are curious, as
showing an extraordinary difference of opinion between.
the Governor and the governed—Opinions so diametri-
cally opposed to each other, that it is difficult to imagine
that the respective parties can be speaking of the same
colony,. or alluding to the same events passing
atelv under their personal:observation.

The Governor commences his speech with congratu-
lating the •Court upon the flourishing condition of the
colony—upon the happy, tranquil, and industrious state
of its labouring population—upon the additional quantity
of produce manufactured as compared with years of
slavery—upon the improvements every where in pro-
gress—upon the absence of crime and the paucity of
punishments—and upon the general prosperity of a
settlement where all interests are equally thriving. He
indulges in similar flourishes as to the triumphant suc-
cess of the emancipation bill—the improved, moral, and
religious state of the negroes, as evidenced by thein-
crease or marriages among them ; indeed, so highly
coloured is the Lieutenant-Governor's picture of the
peace, happiness, and prosperity enjoyed by his subjects,
that, had we not in the very same paper now lying before
us a sketch of the same scene by the Court of Policy, we
really should have concluded that Demarara is an earthly
paradise, inhabited chiefly by a race of black angels.

Turd we now to the answers to the Governor's
speech, from which we take the subjoined extracts:

" We should have been readily disposed, most thankfully, to
acknowledge the expression conveyed in your excellency's
speech of the great pleasure afforded you by the almost unex-
ampled prosperity and improvement which your excellency has
desct'ibed as attaching, at the present period, to all the interests
and relations of this colony—commercial, social, and religious
if, in the realities which surronnd-us, we could discern the fide-
lity and accuracy of many of the principal features of the glow-
ing picture of our situation and prospects which your excellency
has been pleased, on this occasion; to delineate in such vivid
colours. Acting, however., in the spirit of those obligations
which your excellency has ascribed to the judicious legislator,
it is incumbent on us to discriminate carefully between what is
adventitious and what is permanent—between specious appear-
ances and solid realities—between the results flowing from
natural causes, or influenced by accidental circumstances, and
the inevitable tendencies of administrative regulations, 'and of a
peculiar Systsin of government; and, thence, it becomes our
painful but imperative•duty to qualify the erroneous_ impressions -
cottveye.d by some, end intertiJO'deny the correctness of other
of these representationS which have, on this occasion,'been laid
before us.

" All concerned in this dependency of the empire are hound
to join in humble thankfulness to Divine Providence for having
blessed us with, and still continuing to bestow on us, a season
most unusually mild, genial, and favourable for ensuring the
growth and maturity of those staple productions, the effects of
which providential beneficence have served to compensate for
many evils inflicted on us by the hand of man, which we ought
to have escaped, and which had a tendency at once to impair
the'sources of our agricultural prosperity, and to mar the most
rational prospects of the social improvement of all descriptions
of our population.
" The sudden and unexpected prorogation, by your excellen-
cy, of the last session of .the court, besides leaving much other
important and urgent public business undisposed of, prevected
the issuing of the annual ordinance requiring the customary re-
turns of produce to be given in, as invariably done for the
quarter of a century past; and we are, consequently, thus de-
prived of the accustomed authentic materials for making an ac 7
curate comparison between the results of last crop and those of
former years.
" We know, however, that the production of sugar has not
fallen off. The crop taken off in 133,1 was materially curtailed
by the effects of the unhappy disturbances which occurred im-
mediately after the Ist of August of that year. The portion
thus left over considerably enhanced the actual production of
last year.

" The Custom-house returns of the port of Demerara will show
that, if the last year's export of sugar, thus accidentally increas-
ed, has exceeded by nearly six per cent. the average exports of
the last five years, there will appear, on a comparison of the
like average in regard to coffee, a falling off of thirty per cent.—
the fact being that there has been a regular transfer of labour
from the one cultivation to the other, and that we have now ar-
rived
at the period when the concentration of almost the entire
agricultural industry of the colony, in the production of sugar,
has begun to take effect, in increasing that produce, or, rather,
counteracting the causes which tend to diminish it."
" It gratifies us to have your excellency's assurance of the
happiness and the generally tranquil state of the labouring po-
pulation ;—results to which the anxious efforts of their em,
ployers, prompted, if even all higher motives were supposed, to
be absent, by the strongest inducements of self interest, have
essentially contributed. But the tranquillity and industrious •
dispositions to which your excellency has alluded, have not
been without serious, obstinate, and perplexing exceptions,
admitting, indeed, of having been easily corroded and' reme-
died by prompt and judicious measures, but 'calculated, from the -
manner in which they have been met and treated, to create
anxious misgivings as to our future prospects, when the exainple
of those inadequately repressed disorders, have produced their
natural effect in deranging what has hitherto remained com-
paratively tranquil and prosperous."
" Within the last two or three years this community have
become alarming infested with mischievous and reckless per,
