ass''
i thq .
r c,
,•;\'
• Ji \ -
..• ,
•
NitOlk_,
\ ' . •
AA ib,
..` .. ~..\ % -. .. A. - ~ 4, • - \l':
• ,
-...). .
. 4" . • \ 1 se
••••
. •
\ „ \ Se.. ♦\,\ a v.t., $ %\4a tkk ~\`zi
-.... , "4,...,....,.,,,....,..........
178 THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD. 4,.. ,
',... FOREIGN IN7
,
Atiametaassaasir '
• •I.somolisid Tali I) .
win LcaESS OF BERRY.—TI
THE LONDON PRESS. further organic improvement? We have a contented mi- thered ; it is a sketch of our regular condition.. Touch- holy calling, they had received a liberal and expeo.'
,elateci--" The illness of the I
nistry—men as happy as the mouse who made his hermi- ing the future, I will reserve my own speculations ; it is education, that in entering into their honourable per be tile We shall. state,. in a e;;,
THE VACILLATING MINISTRY. tape in a Cheshire cheese. All their wishes are bounded only necessary to cite your promises. Your Ministers sion, they had been sanctioned and encouraged bi tilserie
0 e hauls aced several attacks of it
For the first time in modern English history we have aby slicer offices ; and. they cry, " Here let us rest from and party do not allow us to hope that we shall remain as government of the country ; and were he furthetri, truth. Since her reside
4 of her situation or the
ministry whose opinions apparently are midway between our labour ; here for ever be our repose." But, like the we are; they assure us that the war between the parts of formed that the nation so highly favoured, was the ittita,(l exposed herself These
those of two extreme parties. One member of the go- mouse in the cheese, they will find they "must stir or government, and its ruinous consequences, must be main- pire of Britain—of Britain, whose justice, whose kl., ti°ll of the chest, accompaz
%'ernment appears to lean to this side, another appears to cease to gnaw." Where have
r however, she was Liken
lean to that; a third thinks both in the wrong, and a where have they lost ground ? from what object proposed so far despoiled and cut down as to be incapacitated for admiration to philosophers, statesmen, and historians' h
t , smith, attended with symptom
fourth does not think at all., But the result on the whole by them has opinion declined,? There was a time when resisting the other part. They declare that property of the envy of civilized Europe, what would be his na,,4srle, and
is, that the policy of the cabinet is vauge, and uncertain, they were vilified for alleging defects in the law. The almost every kind shall be kept in peril—that lawlessness conclusion ? Would he not take it for granted that lif,a, Vale Drs. Orfila and Auvit
and unsettled ; that we have bills drawn in the morning necessity for law reform has been admitted, and the ac- and convulsion shall be preserved—that we shall have re- deserving men were not only protected in all their rig' re,:a,),-oer. In the meanwhile, Di
the Government was i
and burnt at night ; that the Speaker's chair is offered to complisfiment of it pretended. There was a time when volution and ruin constantly- encircling us, until the let- but cherished and honoured by the paternal care
yer
whelliiiiy),„wegroavianngcleAmnveirte
N:3
„.deaux. On his arrival,
one man and given to another ; that Mr. Stanley de- they were vilified for opposing intolerance. Toleration ter of the form of government is so far changed to meet friendly government ? And could lie be accused of
nounces what Mr. Thomson recommends ; that we may has been granted by a tory Ministry. There was a time practice, as to leave only a nominal difference. You credulity if he refused to give credence to the folio
COMbineni
ethese gentlemen's journey see
fancy Edmund Burke our Premier to-day, and Thomas when they were vilified for alleging the corruption of cannot be so destitute of sagacity as to be ignorant that agonizing tale : . ..I?atore of the Duchess of Berr
siri
Paine to-morrow. Such a state of things it is obvious Parliament. The Commons' House has been in part pu- this change must ensure a total one—that the perfection It is now more than two years since the clergy ith es as to the salubrity of the
Lastiri.nsand symptoms of si
to all men cannot continue. rifled, and the representative system improved. There of republican practice must of necessity establish republi- established church, throughout a great part of this t
_.reegard to the first point,
chest, that it is not the seat o
" Whatsoe'er you say, was a time when they, were vilified for reprobating the can form. It is a time for plain speaking, and I will try, have received any of their lawful income, if we
t_, n, they also found, by
With strong aversion shun the middle way; union of church and state, and denouncing ecclesiastical frankly avow, that whatever may bete comparative me- cept the wretched pittance doled out to them by the g
The middle way the best we sometimes call,
•trieseribed what is calculates
abuses. The necessity for church reform is now acknow- rits of the different forms of government when they have ing hands of a hostile government. In bespeaking ild'tien with Drs. Barthez and (
But 'tis in politics no way at all." ledged by all; and, if the country were polled, the majo- natural operation, a republic stands infinitely above the lic sympathy for our injured clergy, we are pens'
Whether such a doctrine might be true for all ages we rity of the people would be found adverse to a national kind of government under which we now live. Great that it is only necessary to state their case as it teak e f II". With regard to the qu
will not inquire ; but it is most indisputable in ours. church. Is it not fair to suppose that the doctrines which and manifold are the defects of a republic, but, howeier, and to let the facts speak for themselves, a plain, We Vs
'reu born Two parties, both powerful, although the power of one remain disputed and- traduced are as sound as those its parts possess union and efficiency; the chief magis- nished tale. Were their sufferings-known to the Pi 'telltly
presentses ev enziiing possible
capab,
is of a different nature from the
.power of the other, are which, one by one, despite of desperate resistance, have trate can duly execute bis powers, the aristocratic divi- we think too well of the Protestants of this country Sr,Uchess."—alignaai Messel
contending for the mastery. The arms of the one are been pushed to success ? All are in course of success. sion of the legislature * strength in independence, and think too well of the British nation—we think too 1. ,ITE OF PA RlS.—The .Annuai
numerical force, active information, constant excitement : Short Parliaments may be considered as gained ; and freedom from enmity ; clink and wealth are not doomed of human nature,.to eiippose they could be heard eitil ear •1"
• ''''),lstates that there were cur
gentleme li
rue:.
1. a•'"01-7-6,784 hectolitres of
of the other, rank, property, intelligence. Between conversions to the ballot are in steady and in rapid pro- to slavery and confiscation because they are allied with difference. The Ifiltlsh public, we are well
these two parties the King's ministers place themselves •; gress. While any of these propositions remain in ques- title ; property is protected, and peace is enjoyed ; law but little idea of the condition of our impoverished et 'q7'-' Oxen, 14,389 cows, 62,867 c
aware, larll, and 1112,359 hectolitres of
a few individuals of at least suspected integrity, of at tion, they are pronounced visionary, absurd, or ,revolu- has, due operation, and public affairs are managed on the But we have lived amongst them, and can speak frog rjist and boars, 996,369 kilograr
ru ed in the same year, oyster
- best respectable abilities ; scarcely likely- to add strength tionary ; and the radicals are covered with abuse for ad- principle of public benefit. Do I then wish for a repub- toil observation. We have seen their once happy h'
lie ? No ? Ido not value so lightly the glorious edifice lately the scenes of contented competence and • , , „ Water fish, 477,6i0f.; sea-fit
to the ranks of either, utterly unqualified to control the
animosity of both. They must make a choice, collet- vocating them ; but when the justness of them is at last
confessed, there is no retraction of the calumnies cast upon which was raised by the wisdom and blood of my fathers. domestic enjoyment, now the abodes of wasting po etbit4i,2B-If. butter, 9,117,09]
nniinortitirtiys we
,in learn tively or individually, for themselves. They must be the early supporters—no admission of the forethought, I wish only for the constitution of England ; but I must and fearful anticipation. We have seen sons, the ,
with the attack or with the resistance. They must be for and better intelligence of the traduced reformers ;an for have it unchanged, and with form and practice in due and the hope of their parents' declining years, s i' 't'o not live to complete their
a King or fora President. If they will maintain, they the next object advanced by them there is a repetition of harmony, instead of the detestable counterfeit you are home from school or from the University, to share ill , IZa,ch 20; anduot more than o
must maintain with the conservatives ;if they will sub- miseries of the paternal roof, because the blessing; , I. there were born in Paris
the same insult and slanders. The fate of Actaeon is the forcing upon me.—Fraser's Magazine.
''',:; . e;ist,, Making a total of 29,530 ch
vert, they must subvert with the levellers.liberal education could no longer be extended to
We have seen daughters, the ornaments and darlie,
From this peculiar position of the King's Ministers fate of all early reformers; they penetrate mysteries, are
aspersed by those whose secrets they have espied, and THE CHURCH IN IRELAND. %sal:tale. The number of m
'le ' 25,996. On an average th
every little circumstance which tends to show the inch- made to seem what they are not, and persecuted and torn That unprincipled spoliators should attack the posses- the domestic scene, torn from the embraces of their -,e a t„added to the population of
nation, either of the cabinet or of any member of the ca- to pieces by the hounds who should lick their hands. sions of the church, is not matter of surprise. Vo ad- rowing parents, to earn among strangers that subsi ' in sal increase, which is about
binet, derives unusual importance. And therefore we But Diana has lost her greatness ; her wersions have dress any observations to them would be a mere waste of which could no longer be afforded to them in thei! ~,..1 tet,eied, the population will,
attach to the fact we are about to relate an interest greater lost their force ; her priests their credit. Demetrius has argument. As well might we enter into a discussion ther's house. We have seen ministers of the estab
than any which, in ordinary times, would belong to its long been a bankrupt, and Actoeons of the present day upon the rights of property with the footpad, who de- church deprived of the very necessaries of life, ha Zie it swill'
take
entlisi aenadrsi 69 ye;
to' cloub
scene, the town of Nottingham, or to its hero, Lord Dun-7 yea;te2 and 31 years two-tenths
make discoveries without danger, and follow them up mands our money or our life; but if there be any mode- by vexatious creditors, and rescued from the ign' ; 131 the total population of Fri
cannon. successfully, notwithstanding some clamour, which no rate and well-meaning Then, who consider the property of of a gaol only by the humiliating alternative of acre'
At the late election for the town the noble lord, being men of good heart and righteous purposes heed. All now ecclesiastics as less sacred than that of the laity, to them alms. Nor are the actual privations of poverty the' li, SPAIN
a candidate, was supported, as might have been expect- or even the most bitter, ingredient in the cup of ,7- Madrid and Paris we have
is a question of time. To-day the man is railed at as awe would beg to address a few brief remarks.
ed, by much influence arising from his personal friend- Destructive_ who proposes a beneficial change; and to- One grand source of misconception upon this point ap- sorrows. He was no superficial observer of humeri
ships and his political connections. But it was not morrow it is acknowledged reform, and the minister pears to be the tacit assumption, that property which is ture who said— a; at's in various parts of the coo
.i• ad it appears evident that tl
i e the cause'44,4_, of that Prince all t
enough. The partiality of Earl Grey was ineffectual)" Of all the griefs that harass the distressed, ". "' aPpears to be in favour of
, s at moment, the ecclesiastical
Y who devotes himself to it. is - called. the saviour of his held under certain conditions—property, to the enjoy-
urged ; the memory of Sir Thomas Denman was invoked •ment of which the performance of certain duties is at- Sure the most bitter is a scornful jest." , ince
Ase s, especially those of the n
country.-7 Magazine.
tached—is not, in reality, property at all. The posses- The beggared clergy are surrounded by the mali•
in vain. A letter was exhibited, more potent than a cir-
cular from the Treasury, or a mandamus from the King's sots of ecclesiastical property are required to fulfil ter- authors of their woes. They are living amongst th' ' the •
Pain -
_ 1/1 e are not aware that
THE MINISTRY :—THE CONSERVATIVE PARTY.
rain conditions, to perform certain duties, and, therefore, . et Pa..blic opinion of that coup
Bench. The letter was from Mr. O'Connell. It stated whom their fallen state is a subject at once of tri If ministers were pledged to one party to introduce
it is assumed, that their estates are salaries, which the s!,01.)!, the f/ld tyranny under wh
that the whigs had been perfidious to Ireland; that it had and of mockery. And we have seen a minister of Ilk I. the highest to very nearly I
reform, they were not less deeply and solemnly pledged
state is at liberty to give, to lessen, or to withhold. The
become necessary to expel from Ireland all whigs ; that gospel pursued to and from his church, on the S ' %is of Europe. -to the other, that that reform should be a final measure
vis conserentiw of this deduction, we confess ourselves
on this account Lord Duncannon, a whig, had been dis-ay, with the imprecations and insults of the surro '' ~, —not the herald of further change, but the means of sa-not sagacious enough to diecover ;on the contrary we populace, whilst his dejected look and threadbare %li
missed from Kilkenny ; that on the other hand the whigs TURKE
tisfying the mass of the that change was unneces- he ANTIINWL,in
had been liberal to England ; that it was desirous to in- boldly assert, that, if the necessity of fulfilling certain
sary and undesirable. They have kept their faith to the
conditions invalidate the right of property, there is no meats excited their derision and their jeers ! el near Koniah no important m
troduce whigs into Parliament for the English constitu- reformers—shall it be broken to us and to the country ?
such thing as property in the empire. We distinctly af- And now, at the bar of public opinion, we appeal -‘ Minor. Nothing, therefore,
eircies ; and that on this account lie, Daniel O'Connell, They have abandoned the outworks of the constitution, classes of his Majesty's subjects to determine w '
recommended Lord Duncannon, a whig, to the favour of as indefensible—shall they now as tamely yield up the firm that there is not one solitary individual in his Ma- there is any security-for property under a govern'
.. ta
I,eetvance that Ibrahim Paella ma
kel of January a grand meeting
the people of Nottingham. esty's dominions who possesses a shilling of unconditi- ivhich permits, if it does not encourage, this moo
citadel ? One bugbear, which seems to alarm thene we i e ale!. %IL. Pacha. The questioi
combination. We appal even to those most hostir
Lord Duncannon holds high office under the existing ad- are sure is an imaginary one. They have nothing to onal property. Have any of our liberal legislators, any
be- of our new-light politicians, in whose vocabulary church 4bise-.,_,,,1i
inreites:wdanedd In
wpearssounnamwamsohueslic,
ministration ; he is very active in all the more confidentialour establishment. , We tell them that the gover ' Lei' conditions, the Fitffa should b;
fear in the new parliament from any combination
reform and church robbery are synonimous terms, ever
arrangements of the government; he is supposed to be tween the Conservative and the Radical party, to de-
heard of forfeited estates ? Have they ever heard of 'which will not respect the rights of their enemies, xse/eat against Mehemet Ali. el
on terms of the 'closest political sympathy with those colyclit4tPlunicating Mehemet and hi:
prive them of their possession of place or power. These not respect their own.
"Tua res agitur cum proximus argot Ucalegon.' zile),810s1.1, it is re
members of the cabinet who have been. christened by the are not the days when any Conservative need envy them treason, felony, misprison of treason, prwmunire, &c. ? quireid_ %hat the I
He And do they know what effect .the commission of any of is their danger the greater nor the less, because 11
Times, not by us, the " Lickspittles." This nobleman is their thorny seats, or their uneasy splendour.
these offences would have on their broad acres ? All
"recommended" to the electors of Nottingham by a pa- would indeed be in love with danger, who would wish at ii:,',l;l44onortg briisalaviihviucli isoNtree
oi v i.
(,
gon is their friend or their foe. No ! Our rulers toi4tilc eonsequYenc'e. Horn Pacha,i
tron who, in common sense, if not in law, is guilty of high estates then are forfeitable for certain crimes; that is, in permitted the rights of property to become an e hsset'issioned to convey to the V
this moment to snatch the reins of government from the
treason between the setting and rising of every day's hands of the present holders, when he sees that the only other words, the possessors of them are required by law
to conform to certain conditions. But does this weaken name, and look on with stoical indifference whilst ke0„1"11 taken. He has ahead)
sun. path they have left to him runs along the brink of a' pre- laws of the land are trampled under foot. No ! tev,,•`'Panied bv the Cabinet Secret
The result of the battle fought by- his lordship, with cipice. No ! The Conservatives will act in Parliament their tenure, so long as those conditions are observed ? irat h• ,„ ~ . .
ign functionaries tonerso
is no safety under an administration which consideo 11
:the aid of so mighty an auxiliary, could not be doubt- as they have acted out of it—they will pursue the only Who will have the hardihood to say so ? ThiS then is the immortal principles of truth and justice secondary to I)4el:xaenitdruias,sinanndldieeusitleantnahnets-gfrornti
ful. When we count up the nominees whom the agitator object they have in view, the good of their country, real state of the case. All estates, both lay and ecclesi-
astical, are held conditionally upon the observance of cer- Ireland look to your title deeds. The sacrilegious sIY?
temporary and questionable expediency. Lanilloistepll 'teat thither by-a ship of war.
has sent to Parliament, we must remember that his au- govse will be powerfully seconded a
turning neither to the right nor left—mingline with no
rain duties specified by law, and we are unable to disco-thority is not confined to his own green isle. When we party, but moving onward in their straightforward course,tors, who have robbed your clergy, call upon you Wi ,Tlietrini.:ll,!-
ver anything in the duties imposed upon churchmen cal-have written down the o's and the Macs, the Maurices like that Sicilian river which carries its waters fresh andvoice of tliundeLto "set our houses, in order:'
, 4%. Plicated to his son Ibrahim.
and the Morgans, we must add to the account one more limpid even across the salt and bitter currents of the sea. culated to invalidate their rights. The qualifications re- look for t '',OJ tthe
pro e o government ? So diet reed- Aer this purpose to the Egypti
illustrious item, Viscount Duncannon.—Morning Post. Posterity will never acquit ministers of the deep guilt of quired of ecclesiastics are that they shall be . men of pastors. The leaned PC 'Aqua -ePileations made directly
llt bY Colonel yupon a broken reed. Will tira , Duhainel, an oft)
learning and piety, that they shall reside upon their
--- having hazarded the safety of the country ; but next to
cures, and that they shall devote their time and attention do the same ? Be wise in time. There is no safety au ar,,e!` fr- There is, therefore, eN
THE REFORMED HOUSE. the merit of not having erred, would be the candid and
to the welfare of their flocks ; that these should be the find the will to do injustice,lshall ' •
der rulers who regard not vested rights • and where The istice will be shortly concliu
To-day begins time political pantomime of the reformedo e c )9.ews of these events has ca
timely confession of error. Let them take their stand, low we obtain se eameapital.
Parliament. The King proceeds in state to read the Ad- then, ere it be too late—while yet some of the bulwarks conditions required of them, may, no doubt, in the eyes but t li.
by
a mg away the power 2—Dublin Unic th,! fuetnt disturbed, is consolidated
dress, which his Ministers have been kind enough to of our constitution stand unshaken, though not unas- of modern reformers, appear cause sufficient to nullify Magazine, No. 11. al,peai.lare• Every body attends to .
dictate, and after that the real business and bustle of the sailed—while yet our monarch wears something more their right to their incomes, and to sap the foundations stia a ante of alarm. The speedy
4
session commences. than " the likeness of a kingly crown,"—while our here- of property. But to those not so far advanced in the
march of intellect it would not appear any very grievous
~
Of course we must make up our minds to encounter ditary peerage is left to us, though shorn of its beams—calamity if the possession of all estates whatsoever was IRELAND. Dardanelles,
rt
Ottomandr aal In l
liellsi:
AGREEMENT.—When the registering barrister!' a ••• the Most perfect tranquillil
all the sound and fury- of the various projects of reform while a national church is left to us to elevate our mo- LEGAL
concocted during the state of transition from the old to narchy, and to lay the foundation for the duties of the incumbered with similar duties. der the Irish Reform Bill, met in Dublin to discuss their
ties the only point on which they could agree was that
the new Parliament, Church reform, Corporation reform, citizen in those of the Christian, and while our impar- But some of those who clamour loudest about church We're ohr '
and Colonial reform will be the orders of the day; but teal and independent tribunals are left to us, independent Property being the property of the state, are, at other A übl. - • ..1 fife shins spots have been receive
1C meeting is about to be held in Dublin, und,"- eh. ship R .
not one word shall we hear on any great question, con- alike of popular violence or regal influence, to make the times, with admirable consistency, prepared to inform us auspif.es of the Lord Mayor, to enter into subscriptions i Ina, ~., . ormusjee Bomanjee as
-fleeted with the real interests of the country. •It is true majesty of the law felt and respected, and to give secu- that it belongs to the poor; and, in support of this second relief of Mr. Banim. Men of all parties have combined on the ,Antch she left ou the 18th c
Was seiitioi August. By this oppoi
that the shipping interest is struggling with ruin—that rity to the persons and properties of all. If, reflecting claim, they conjure up some lying legend about an ore- work of national charity. . Oland '444g at 456 dollars a chest; t
the West Indies are on the verge of rebellion—that Ire- upon these things, our ministers even now, at this ele- ginal fourfold division of the revenues of the church. I An extension is about to take place in the Order of St. P trade, and bore a fair price but th;
land unfurls the banner of independence—and that the venth hour, revert to the principles from which 'they answer then, that we deny that there was ever a fourfold The knights are to be increased from fifteen to twenty' 4 lice %la on the decline. The.sel,
Political Unions exclaim g' Move ! move!"—still, as the have swerved too long, and evince the same firmness in division of the property of the established church. Be- those who are now extras to be constituted regular comr?., that filo, conciliat9ry conduct with 1
of the order. We understand that Lord Munster is to "• paramount e sstem op concession and c
Earl of Coventry observes, the funds are at 88, and the maintaining what remains "of our constitution, as they fore the existence of an establishment, the voluntary con- of the new knights,—Dublin' • Chronicle. tb,ix in Canton is certain, fog
rents of some people are airly paid; therefore, it is un- showed rashness in assailing that venerable edifice, the tributions of the people were indeed divided into four THE MARQUIS of ANGLESEY. Reports, the usual ones aog -IL Plowden, who, it will be r
necessary for the Minister to give himself any uneasi- prospects of England need not yet be despaired of. But Parts : one for the support of the bishops, another for the all such occasions, have been put into circulation on the 4,4llsenientedof beiuticnoutoted by the r
way to Chi
nets with respect to the condition of the great mass of if, insensible to all the warnings which are heard around maintenance of the clergy, a third for the building. of Lieutenant's departure for England, that he will not rery
, et/lb' p'residepnacsysewithna 1X•
the people. It is impossible there can be any poverty in them, they continue to pursue in the new Parliament churches; and a fourth for the relief of the poor. But resume the reins of government in Ireland. We have, we ta 'ea against a majority,istinct.powe
the rountry when the funds are at 88; and absurd to the course which they began in the old; if one solitary when permanent endowments rendered the bishops and'altos
thebereasolfsorExknnawil ng thatil be
eenst rexturatnsnuatren
for
on his owr
think that the taxes press hard, or the workhouses and concession be made to clamour instead of conviction; if clergy no longer dependent on the eleemosynary support groundless.
irom this time, about wheicntelypevriod it is understood that lt CHINA
gaols can be full, when the rents of such a liberal noble- one jot or tittle of the property of the church be diverted of the people, and when the building and repairing of Plunkett will proceed to perform his parliamentary dOt ritltaypears, by late accounts from
man as Lord Coventry are fairly paid! . from its sacred destination ;if even the task of distribu - churches were also provided for by a charge on land, the Dublin Mercantile Advertiser. I 141,,, between the insurrectionist
„Wig " I,Atkil Plat
The Whigs have discovered that it is easy to govern tion be attempted by an unthinking head or an ungentle contributions of the people ceased to be divided into four POOR LAWS FOR IRELAND.—It is said, on what aer-1 tea teie'. ,4 . e between the 20th and
the people of this country, by merely indulging their hand; if the interests of our colonies are to be assn- Parts, and were directed wholly to the relief of the poor. sufficient uhoriy, that among the measures coos
iawill hetea.itesr the command of
fondness for abstract speculations. Give them reform, doned to wild and reckless legislation ;if the securities These collections ceased in England on the establishment ministers for the melioration of Ireland, a propositi°,„ ....-11' 'llOO 'tce4 9. fon betweenf 2000 Ine
the Ca
and they are perfectly satisfied. Evince a disposition to of our agriculturists are to be sacrificed to the interested of poor laws, but still exist to a certain extent in Scot- ;iriri,rfeinrcand2en.to Parliament. on the subject of a poor ray, be,, lia tpca. i
sad? clishi'' in sincetl state.
de Advertiser.
rob- the Church, and they are content to be fleeced them- complaints of the manufacturing classes, or the dreams land and Ireland, where poor-boxes are handed about the W© ,_as le' til r`aved the dispute be
were surprised to hear of a summons having b.--- f. Stat e UVflout
t took place in
selves. Give them the benefit of cheap litigation, and of political theorists, then, assuredly, the glory of Eng- churches on Sundays. Such is the foundation of the at the Petty • h '
y essions, at t e suit of one of the va•
—.gees 0 k es• . Inese rs
a el) goti • ma. had not been disp'lay,
they care nothing for the Gazette. Plunder the West land is gone for ever. Then, indeed, above the entrance boasted argument derived from the fourfold division. of 64th, now stationed at Clare Castle, against a yono,pce 0 leftpli °
•nee the Ist June. The con
Indies, and they are willing that their own children to the chapel of St. Stephen's, that hall which was once church property ! ‘‘tie.e
The capital:o:th
man, resident in this town, for shooting without 3''ll i poi eine • • and
teed some time since, a
should die from over-exertion and starvation, in the fat- the fountain of wise legislature, the focus and rallying But the beggars and the state are not without compe- Clare Journal.
rson gel
tories of Leeds, Manchester, and Dundee. Confer upon point of British wisdom and worth, may be written up titors in their claims upon the revenues of the church. . ATROCIOUS DECEPTION.—_Thomas Duiyin, a
, Pethe Insol T,
, them the blessings of "useful knowledge" and build them the gloomy inscription over the portal of the Inferno— The Popish landholders of Ireland think their right to the ii3egbttnorsth
eCourt m
ine prg e.ssion, was_ opposeu in giss
.10 of ~,fie toll .
Dublin, the other day, by - MEXIC
14 Ust "Ing are the articles agr
colleges in which the Christian religion is treated with Lasciate ogni sperauza voi oh' intrate. tithe of the lands undeniable. It may not be amiss m • Manning. It appeared that the insolvent hall'd f
seduced I. 8 ataente and Santa Anna:__
contempt, and they will have no objections to break _Blackwood's Magazine. theretoereore to consider the case of church property, with re- deserted Miss Manning, who was the orphan chi 0 a arrivottsk)ension of hostilities betw
stones on the highway, and work seventeen hours per _______ p landlord and tenant. It will not be denied that merchant, in Dublin, and who was much dOUred bl trehs '‘.o/ the decision of the Chats
day in a flax-mill for eight shillings a week. Happy WHAT Is THE PRESENT FORM OF GOVERNMENT •IN ENG- land, which is subject to tithe, sells proportionably lower effect of a cancerous disease in her face. This, owevcn
at aff 0° 4era
qe the to them by General B
ecti f 2
vobti are to remain inactive in t
people !—Guardian and Public Ledger, Tuesday, k'eb- LAND ?—MONARCHICAL OR REPUBLICAN ? than land which is tithe-free ; that is, in other words, the not prevented Duigan from pretending a great
time;
de • Gen i
4:Ple.ilre'lllu's rePedTdhirnaesa and Santa Anna
her. The courtship was continued for sonic 0 Of ti„ . era. Bustamente is to wit.'
ruary 5. • Members of the whig aristocracy ! I ask you, as Eng- buyer of land purchases nine-tenths of the value of the which he contrived by degrees to get possession of the . 3. '*acingo and its immediate e
.
lishmen of wealth and intelligence, what is the real dia. ground. These nine-tenths, and these only, are his pro- of her small fortune, which was placed in the Funds, and!o provi'3.,oth parties may use the nec
perty, and these he sets to his tenants for corresponding
• THE MAGAZINES. ratter of the government under which I live ? 11 Ibe a
rents. Upon the remaining one-tenth neither landlord she sold out to relieve his necessities. She was married
ot. 4 ;ItiLins required by the respecti
,I - a sae troops, if any, landowner, how long can I hope to enjoy the remnant of by. a person who pretended to be a Catholic clergyihea.4 `a reh
this appears to have been a fresh piece of, )of both
- TIIE NEW DESIGNATIONS OF PARTIES. my -property ?Ifl be a fundholder, how long can I ex- nor tenant have any claim whatever. The inheritor of Duigan, as the m •villany on th rep
. marriage was eine by ! . . tiro °Tl' which is tb o e accompanie
Time was when whigs. called themselves whigs, and pect the state to acknowledge my debt ? As a member land, in like manner! inherits only nine-tenths of the va-
lue of his-estate, and is in this respect similarly situated tier ;}'manclergyman is not to be found.d Soodna ftheirt,nheanmdatrbreieljdractn 5-. crunandine generals, may rc
tories called themselves tories, and both condemned all of the national church, how long will the corporation to receding. article a
objurgation in the term e radical." The word "radical" which I belong.escape robbery ? How long will the laws with the original purchaser. Manning, whom he found nursing her child, and cool?: lie y,t„ug from ueatan and every 1
to call with his wife uP° Cumin r°.ra th9yp
, k,ruz--these '
covered all conceivable sins; expressed all possible con- be spared which give me influence with my tenants, ser- Those who view the church establishment in this light to restore her' half the money he had borrowed and clef, k: A
ti°l\iova. thizaba may continue tl
tempt and abomination k implied imputation of vulgarity, vents, and tradesmen ? 'When my property—my all—is can see no meaning in such expressions as that the church denying his marrle with her at the same time, .uu 0 h
to ,4.--gers of the Puebla de
her to prove it. o statement was made ley the which a
ignorant prejudice, and low associations. Now it has manifestly in jeopardy, what reasonable security have 1 costs time public too much, that it is too burdensome upon opposition; and he was justly sentenced by the . /
t expose them to climate,
.
come to pass that the Whigs call themselves reformers, that my Sovereign will be allowed to do his duty in pro- the people. They cannot understand how an institution years' imprisonment. to . n case Government and the
, i eolla e praject of pea
and the tories call themselves conservatives, and both call rotten me—that the upper House of Parliament will be can cost the public anything, which is supported by re- —peace as exprest
ated t° 11:01rention still th
the radicals destructives. The radical is not uneasy un- suffered to exercise its rights in my behalf—that I shall not venues, exclusively its own, by revenues which do not FEMALE POACHER.—A woman has been con t _
of _ , hostilities ear
General Be
der this description. He turns foul to fair, as Isis adver- be plundered and ruined in the teeth of the laws of my belong to the public, and which, therefore, are not sub- House of Correction at Falkingham, from the
elle ji
(liilinouto Ititi74ation. ustamente will
series turn fair to foul. He accepts the name in good country ? Where is the evidence that the minority, of stracted from the pockets of the public, nor can they tea- of Grantham, as a poacher, she having been
deica-thl; ourhod' i, .. The division under the corm
part, and declares himself destructive of all ill things. which I form a portion, can find protection in law and dily perceive in what respect it is burdensome upon the hares from a quantity of snares set in that
.ri . .
ut onicle. 41110_,roarch for Puente de Chulul
is said she is an old offender —L *ncolashtre 0
The Whig sentiment is, that no man's jobs are safe 'with ruler, or other than the destroyer of its sacred rights in People, that they are not put in possession of property BRIGHTON, JAN. 31. —We 2 happy__to find that cons! iiitte_eil ~ and will immediately ads
the. radicals ; and every whig loves his own jobs, though both
? I ask not as a tory ; when I look at such matters, upon which they have no moral or legal claim whatever. tism is not quite extinct in thiasrtnown: B early 00 of thee, -. ?fret: . _
candidate, Captain Peche
he hates the tory's jobs with the hatred of envy, which lam too selfish to regard party :as anEnglisliman, whose Were a foreigner, a stranger to the circumstances of opulent tradesmen of Brighton met the gallant but
ateu:souice _
Cloud tO --IVI
the division under the com •
a 7 1, City of Puebla as soon as the
possession converts to love. Seconded by the radicals, rights of every kind are assailed, I demand reply. I say our nation,
,to be informed that there existed in thisl Rolle-' ve evacuated the position's wheici
the whigs thrust the tory power out of Parliament, by the that I live under an unlimited government of time very country an established church, that its ministers were Major Allen presided, in the absence of Admiral Sid Bu
' dinner by indisposition' „of th starve rte, the Supreme Ger
d from attending thecie '''''e rePulic, and
reform act; in which measure they have found this re- worst description. I care not for your mockery of names learned, pious, and exemplary men, that they were pus- wmaslirteevrewnaste
in the vice-chair. After the cloth was,ro.,„the generals
markable convenience, that its sound parts are good and forms: where is your real and effective limitation? sensors of property, as sacred as any in the empire, that Non nobis Domino was sung. The usual loyal, coned. 'l3
against the tories, and its rotten parts serve against the You can only find it in what binds the ruler to oppres- this their lawful income they spent in constant residence and national toasts were given, and the evening passed '
R. N. last night . h
radicals. Can we wonder, then, if they have no wish for sion. This relates to fruits not expected, but already ga- among their flocks, that in order to qualify them for their utmost conviviality.
, . .
