tmperial )ariiamcnt.

HOUSE OF I.UIIDS.—MoND.i

Lord GL'ENELG laid papers relm 'to Gun,da nu the table.
The.set4mil reading of the Canada bill was fixed for Friday.
Lord BoolnilAm. in preSentinga petitionfrom Leedsagainst
ne..ro slavery; gave 'notice, that, on- an early day, he should
nuke ajuotion upon the subject, which, he hoped, would enable
their lordships to meet the views of the petitioners.. The noble
and learned lord then entered into a long statement of the
evils resulting from the present system Of " head-money"
granted to fhe„eaptors, of slave vessels, in proportion to the
number of Slaves on board the captured vessels; and contended
that it not only tended to aggravate the sufferings of the, un-
fortunate.beings who were the objects of that odious traffic, but
acted as an eopourageruenf to the slave trade.

The Earl of Mir and Lord GLENELG said, that the sub-
ject of-the, slave traild was under the earnest consideration of
tl-, government ; and, after a short discussion, the petition was
laid upon the table--The house then adjourned to Wednesday.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.-MONDAY
GLASGOW COTTON SPINNERS.

Mr. WA K [AY presented the petition from the radicalassoci-
Ation of Marylebune, which he had withdrawn the oth,r day on
account of containing objectionable words. The petitioners
stated. that their only object was to serve the men, and they
had not the shilitest intention of insulting that house. The"
prayer-610e petitioners was, that the counsel of the prisoners
should be heard at the bar. He could not conceive a more oh=
jectionable Principle than that that house should be made a
court af appeal from the courts of law. (Hear.) The preSent
was no doubt a case of very pressing importance; butfie could
not make a motion in compliance with the prayer of thepeti-
tioners, the principle •it involved was so objectiohable. •He
trusted that the house would on a future day hear a statement of
this case' from a•perion who was not a barrister, and not only
listen to. it,' but pr-ove their inclinati-on to do full justice to all
the parties pincerned. The hon. member then gave notice,
that he would bring the subject before the house on 'Tuesday
next.,

AD/01;12NMENT THE HotAE

Lord'i.-,ltussEi.i. rose to'inove, that the house,-at its rising,
should- adjourn until Frillay next, on which day there was some
busineitu be diSposed Gt.—The motion was agreed tu.
