The ship Barton, (belonging to Messrs. Barton, Irlam, and Higgin
son), arrived from Barbadoes at 8 o'clock on Saturday evening the 2d
instant, commenced discharging on Tuesday morning the sth inst. ;
discharged 5E5 hhds. sugar, cocoa, cotton, and wine, and sailed again
on Saturday the 9th, at -1 p.m., having been only 4i days discharging
her inward, and taking on board hey outward cargo.
TUN NEW CHANNEL—The Trustees of the Liverpool Docks have
taken extraordinary pains to make the opening of the new channel
into this port extensively known for the information of mariners. It
is, consequently, now frequently. used, not merely by steamers and
coasting vessels, but by large ships, which, when the wind is favour-
able, tan now enter the port long after high water. The utility of the
new Channel was conspicuously shown on Wednesday week. The
packet-ship, South America, from New York, did not reach the
Floating-light till quarter ebb ; the wind, however, blowing from the
northward, she made for the Formby Channel, through the new cut,
and came to anchor in the river at low water! Had the new channel
not been passable, she must have come to anchor inside the Floating-
light, and remained there till tide-time on Thursday.

In the time of George the First, Knolles, calling himself Earl
of Banbury, killed a man in a scuffle; the Peers refused to try
him because they said he was not Lord Banbury; Lord Chief
Justice Holt refused to try him because he said he was a Peer,
and so the culprit escaped public justice.
FANCY DRESS BALL.—An assemblage of slaves took place
in Spanish Town, Jamaica, on Thursday night, for the purpose
of enjoying a dance, or fancy ball. The company began to
assemble about eight o'clock, arrayed in the most gorgeous and
fantastic manner. Governors, generals, aides-de-camp, shep-
herds, shepherdesses, highlanders, &c. &c. The dresses worn
by these poor, half starved, unprotected creatures, as the Anti-
slavery Society call them, beggar description : not a dress used
on the occasion could have cost the wearer less thah £10!
They were all new, and the spangles upon them looked, when
the wearers were dancing, like diamonds.' The chief police-
officer of the town was present, and has declared, that a more
orderly assemblage he had never witnessed; and that they con-
ducted themselves with the greatest politeness and decorum
towards their white and coloured visiters. It was whispered
that two gentlemen from the King's-house were sufficiently
near to see the dancing, as also the supper table, to which the
party retired about twelve. The entertainment must have cost
£h4. Jamaica Paper.
