I LONDO2V••LATEST NEWS.

, • City,- Saturdcgy Evening, Half-Past Seven o'clock.
The following
notice
_from the treasury respecting the emati;.
cipation loan was communicated to the gentleinen of the Stock
EXchange about one o'clock thiS day
" Treasery Chambers, July 25, 1835.
"Gentlemen,—l beg to inform you, and to request that you
will make it known in the usual manner, that on Wednesday
next, at eleven o'clock Lord Melbourne and I will be ready to
see any gentlenum who may be desiraus.of contractin z for anew
loan, under the provisions of an act passed in the ,3d and 4th
year of his present Majesty's reign for the abolition of slavery.
" We shall then inform the parties of.the amount which will
be required, and the time and manner of bidding, and I hope it
will be convenient for you. orone of you, to meet those gentle-
men here at. the appointed hour. • • •• •

"I have the honour to be, Gentlemen,
" Your most obedient servant,
(Signed) "T. SPRING RICE."
"To the Governor and Deputy-Governor of the Bank of
England."

The publication of this letter gave some life and animation to
:he money market, which had been in a state of great stagna-

Lion. It is geuerally believed that the whole twenty millions
will be required, and the prevailing opinion is, that the stock to
be created will be 31 per cent. annuities unredeemable for a
coniiderable number of years, but as the payment of the West

India- claimants will not be immediate, the instalments will
most likely be easy in point of amount and time.
The money market opened heavily this morning. Consols
for account declining from 901 to Kit 1,, but the publication of
the treasury notice had the effect of raising them again 901. The
closing prices at four o'clock were—Bank Stock, 215; Red. 3
per Cents., 901 ; Consols, 90 ; 31 per Cents. Red., '9Bl ; New
31 per Cents., 98, Long Annuities, 16 15-16ths.; .India Stock,
2551; India Bonds, 9 1nt1..; Ekchequer Bills, 30 pm. ; Consols
for Account 90. - ' •

The business done in the foreign market haS been very li-
mited to-daT. Spanish and Portuguese bonds have receded
slightly, the forroer having fallen from 51 to 50:1, and the Se.rip
from 91 to' 10 per cent. discount. Portuguese Five per Cents.
left off at from 903 to 903, which is about 2 per cent. under I.li
higtref,:quotatiou of the day. The' Three. per Cents., after de-
clining to 593, rallied to 60k. Bargains have. been made in
Danish acrd Dutch Stock—in the former at 763, and the Two-
an‘t-a.:klalf per cent 4,0.541. The quotations of all' the other
Foreign Bonds remr in nntninalty the same as yesterday. Da;
7b3; Portuguese, ( new,) 903; Ditto 3 per Cents,4.6ol:;
Spanish, 501'; Ditto Scrip, 93 clis:r pictch.2l Cents.;,'
.
ShirbE —British 'CAiiiper,

'111E" MUNICIPAL• REFORM BILL.--PUBLIC

MEETING.

Yesterday afternoon, a highly respectable and numerous
meeting of the occupiers of warehouses, counting-houses, and
shops, who are not householders, was held in the Cottuo, Sale.
rooms, over the Exchange-liUildings, for the purpose of petition-
ing the House of Lords againat Blouse clauses in-the munici7
pal corporation reforin bill, which enact that houSeholders unly
bre burgesses of the new corporation.
C. T.,lleNeevie, Esq. was called to the chair.
The CirAlitalAN then stated t.he'abject of the meeting, which
he said was to take intottiffSideration the propriety of petition-
ing the House_ of Lords for au alteration in the clause which
had -passed the House of Commons, that went to deprive'the
householders of • the privilege. Of voting fur common council-
men; when, at the sane tithe, they were entitled under the re-
form act to vote for members of parliament. • (Cheers.) He
considered it a very hard case, that-by the municipal reform
bill, the occupiers of warehouses -and large tenements, whie
were rated many of them at £4OO and £S'JO per annum, should
-be excluded from having a voice in, the local erections, whilst
residents or houses, however ieferior, were entitled to a vote.
He might remarke by way of illustration, that the worthy chief
magistrate, who had presided over the town with such universal
satisfaction, who so ably filled the office of mayor, would by
this clause be deprived of a. vote, even for a common courieil-
man. (Hear.) Mr. Dunlevie concluded by stating, that
there were several gentlemen present who would propose. resoe
lotions for their adoption, and he should be happy- to hear their
sentiments thereon.
- Mr. TliomAS Ca usoti then came- forward and said, that as
one who objected to the clause in the bill, being, like many
others whom he saw around him, excluded by it from the privi-
lege of being burgesses of the corporations proposed to be esta-
blished' by that bill, be had been requested to move the resolu-
tion he held in his hand, and he regretted that the duty had not
devolved upon one more competeut to the performance of it, or
to one, the amount of whose contributions to the poor-rates,
and other local rates of the town, Might more fairly entitle him
to speak upon the question befote. them. However, as one- of
those deprived of the priailege, he felt much pleasure in propos-
ing the resolution. (Cheers.) They were all probably aware
of the qualiticatioo,provided for voters under- tile reform act.
That qualification consisted of three ingredients, viz., occupa
tion, rating, and residence;—residence either as a householder
or a lodger—but the bill far the reform bf municipal corporations
required another ingredient, namely, houte
.occupation,—the
burgess Meet be a householder. Some persons imagined that
this was ad oversight in the framing of the bill, but as the words
"inhabitene hoesetiolder". were repeated several times, and in
some places with the emphatic, words bona fide, it could not be
doubted but the exclusion was iutentioual. (Hear.) The rea-
sons adduced by Lord John Russell for confining the municipal
franchise to'householders was in order to provide a permanent
bodyasf burgesses, but nothing could be inure fallacious than
this arginuent. He would-eel: wee wait the most likely to. be it
permanent inhabitant of the town—the merchant who paid
heavy rates upon his warehouse, or premises rated at £3OO per
annum, or the small householder rated at froth £7 to LIU, who,
probably coming a stranger to the town in search of employs
ment, took a tenement, became qualified, auu then, emplos went
having-ceased, left the town. NOW, the bill also provided, that
the rates must have been paid for three years beture -the voter
was eligible. Wae nut that a Sufficient secutity that there would
be a Seed body of electors ? On the subject of this clause a
remarkable ignorance prevailed, as few
,persons ever iinagined
that the qualification of voter's under the municipal col poratiun
Gill was atiferent from that provided by the'reformuctthr mern
bers of parliament; and many respectable persens',. who for the
first time had heard' of the clause,. thought it impossible that
they should, haeti been excluded from the privilege. It• was
easy, to account for this ignorance, as •it frequeutly occurred
that persons read the debates on the first, second, and third
readings of .a bill, but neglected to fellow the bill-through -all
the details of the committee. (Hear.) The fact was, that uurin„
one of the debates in the couaittee—the debate on the sixth
clause—of which clause he and those around him complaiued,
Mr. Jervis, the member fur Chester, proposed as an amendment
teat the words " who shall have resided" should he substituted
fur the words " who shall nave been au inhabitant householder"
—unfortunately the time choseli fur bringing forward this
amendment was nut fortunate, or rather sufficient notice of .it
had not- been given by the how member, and the committee
were pressed by several other amendments at the time. How-
ever, in the debate which ensued at a late hour in the same
evening on Mr. Jervis's motion, he was supported by Mr. Iles-
keth Fleetwood, the member for Prestuu Mr. Philips, the
member for,Mauchester, and Mr. Pease. tie mentioned these
names to satisfy some gent.einen who were present that this
question was not now brought before the pubec as a question
only affecting causer vatives, or to promote conservative pur-
poses. (Hear, hear.) He mentioned these names also to show
nut his view of tile subject was supported by those who being
representatives of large towns knew Intl weft the injurious effect
of tile clause as it then stouu—knew indeed that it would cut off
from the roll of burgesses a large portion of the respectable
inaabitauis iu those great mercantile and manufacturing commu
nities, whose interests *ere committed to the protection of those
gentlemen in parliament. . (Hear.) He 'would also tell the
meeting by wheat the amendment was opposed ; it was princi-
pally opposed I.y the Attorney-General and Mr. Cutler Fergus-
sun, the one the represeutativeut a Scotch city, and the other
of a Scotch county. Now it was a singular ciictuustance cue-
nected with the opposition of these gentlemen that in ail the
boroughs of Scotland the occupiers of premises enjoyed the very
privilegewhich it was the object of this meeting to obtain. By
the municipal corporation reform act in Scotland, or by the act
providing tor the election of councillors and magistrates iu
urgbs, which was the setae in, principle' and effect as the bill
now before the meeting, it wee. provided that the election of ma-
gistrates and councillors should be iu the very same persons
who .are registered electors under the Scotch iefuriu act, thatis,.
occupiers of premises of £lO annual value, resideut witnin -the
burgh or seven wilco thereof. •• Persons who merely resided,
it was out required by that municipal reform bill that they
should behousehdlders. Now he only would ask that the re-
svectable ;Loud:junta of Li%erpoul, and every' other large
Lugtish town, should be placed on the settle fouling with
.those of Eelitiburgh .or Glasgow. (Lowlecheeriug.) lie
could nut -conceive how the Attorney-Geueral, the member
for.the metropolis of §colland, Who no one could dotibt was well
'acquainted with the "instilLtions of. that
.coentey, and mu St be
cogniient of eeDry clause in-the Scotch inutii6iiisi rektitxi 4,
with the fact hetene him that residence unly.vvas required in the
burghCciti,Vat 'country, shottid -iii his speech en elr. Jervis's
moan fifethet that innurtrerable evirs• wontil arise item iedhe
franchise was extended beyond the householders, that tietitioui
votes wduld be. put on the register, and that the purity of eke_
thin would, be materially alfeeted. Now it was quite clear that
one or uthereof theSe alternatives must be true : viz., either
that ail those evils et' forcibly depiCted by tile ilt,tui hey-Ge-
neral most, exist in the buruttgbo
.Lat Scotland at the
sent. moment, a circumstance ut which neither ilie.gAeutttoireillic:
General nor any other member. had yet informed earriament,
or they do-only exist in the too sensitivteheit,elaugeisettaotoiuhuaodfht:eant
'learned 'gentleman.- (Cheers.) Whatever might be the result
t
ob
retrhaytsi vt
to
Lkaualdwai,agthe
that this part
tiopffr ettshleleenibtr liill ddi chahetaitovabee the
overlooked, to t
shitetisillaocutisoe othota.f
en
fairly brought before those who were interes.ed in the subject,
ehenedsiidtehruautiieda7ooft;hheedroaapaesda,
erefeLeiovreutsh.e. ibnaetiunigeolaysentidelsdsseaulti.istied
of
this be would say that to whatever conclusion their lordships
should crime, and if they did indeed decide (which he hoped
avenculristechtahuatev‘he servant in his,
btheetyrawsotevdldwiiituht)ihtehantilainnieeixptaeints.ti
ab be
abrugre-
emploe, hoivever -much the' loss Of the privilege was to be
Vetted, he for one, aud:he was sure those around tii'.u, would'
cheerfully
concluded acquiesce
reading in
the the
resolution,decision.
he cehtieeeerts, .1)hal1t1
irt.
wasar Carson
opinion or the meeting, that those clauses, of the municipal collie-
who are out house-
holders thisoetsi boifl
thwhich w gigot le
t.thatian emu. :ea !tido d
sensiblyers y
asiltile,
ci
Portion of the inhabitants of the town, inasmuch as they would
Uteheouiccoutpioienr,ssoafidwtanrae;
ehxecelsuersi,e
aftr)odine
etaheetiraegl-pauses
holders within the beiough, ur seven wiles thereof.
übduituglroin a feeling that lie
said that
heMd did CinoEt°clßoGusoGf:ot Eurparty u, in
isveeesu,
was excluded like others from the privileges which lie ought to,
possess. -The tact was, that the exclusive was somethiug like
the-fable of the frogs, which preferred king lug before king .
stork,. Ilc'would ask how the exclusion was likely to act upon
the people of Liveipoul, uud how it would affect them? Why,
the owners of that immensedide uf,buildiul•, the Exchange, toe
vast watehouses on the Guree, neither count quatifyfur a erugie
vote under this municipal bill; and some of the owners of pro-
perty- iu most of the principal streets were in a similar situation:
Water-street taught qualify for three votes, Brunswick-street
for two; but these qualifications did not arise front high-rated
evaretiousis; but. from. public-houses and entail tenements. It
might.,be said, that those who were deprived of ti vote by thit
act were qualified as living out (Attie borough by another ' - but
it-did not apply to this particular case. beLewro, the boon
which -this bill was to confer .was one of tue'inost partial del
scriplibn. • The state of things into which this-bill would plunge
the borough would not tend to the well-being of the tutu a mu ge-
neral. A:ls was content, however, to leave the subject of their
meeting fur the House of Lords to legislate upon. lie was
happy to second the motion. -
Mr. J. •Mykas said, that, it having fallen to his lot to propose
the next resolution, he feit much pleasure in cluing so, and con-
sidered it unnecessary, after what lied -been so ably said, to 'do
More than to read it. It was, that the meeting saw nu just rea-
sons why the qualiticatiou of occupation, rating, and residence,
provided by the reform act, should have been dissented from in
the present. bid, and considered that the same qua„lification
which entitled a person to vote fur members- of parliament
should also entitle them to vote in the election of councillors for
the borough.
Mr. R. W. BATESON seconded the resolution, which, he said,
he did with infinite satisfaction, as he was glad at any time to
do anything which might be of utility to the borough. He was
aware that the clause which had been alluded to effected the
interests of a great number of his fellow-townsmen. His friend
(Mr. Carson) having made himself better acquainted with the
bearings of the ease awl the pat ticulars of the bill, which lie had
explained to them, it was needless for him to do so ;—but there
were some circumstances, before sending up the petition, which
ought to be alluded to. Many might ask why the meeting had
not been convened earlier if it wore of any importance to the
inhabitants ? and why the House of Commons had uut been re-
quested, during the progress of the bill, to alter the clause? The
answer to that, which he returned, and probably many others,
was, that he was not aware until the advertisement convening the
present meeting appeared,that he was disqualified. The framers
lof the bill seemed to think that •the voters for common council-
men should not be placed in a similar situation to those who
voted under the reform bill. But he would ask, whether the
person paying two or three hundred a-year, or he who paid two
or three shillings per week, should be ),referred, if any prefer-
ence were shown. He was himself a junior partner in-a con-
cern that was heavily rated, and yet, whilst his clerks were en-
titled to a vote, he was nut, which be considered as a very hard
case, and the measure was altogether unjustifiable. (Hear.)
t( of
e vote
rs.)y
'Wheu he looked around him, and saw so much intelligence and
r sti ee tabil
againstily'
this bill, it was a sufficient
Mr. ROBERT lloasten IL then proposed that. a petition (which
argument deprived
will be found iu our, advertising . columns) praying for an al-
teration in those clausea which provide for the qualification of
be presented to the House of Lords.
R. SANDBACH seconded the motion.- The' petition
Ibv ea
Al e s
then
v:
read and wieninioesly; adopted.
Jnsmas TY RER. thee moved that the petition and a copy
of the resolutions posed at the meeting should be forwarded by
the .chairman to Lord- Skelmersdale, and that his lordship be
requested to
.present it -to- the House of: Lords. In doing so,
Mr. Tv rer deprecated the measure Which admitted householders
of
,five pounds a year to
.a vote, aud, deprived those 'who Paid
three or four hundted.perannum. .
DANIL. BUCUANAN seconded • the motion, and said
he could nut.peecekve upon what principle of justice those who
had legislated upon the two bills had acted in denying the right
of voting in a punier capacity, when they had conceded to them
the right of • voting for members of parliament. He felt sells-.
fed, however, that the House • of -Lords, would receive and at-
tend to the prayer of the petition.
Mi. J. NELSON Vir6oi) propoed a vote of thanks to the chair-
man, which was seilotuled 14.111 r. W. A. SsunTti, carried unani-
mously, and. the mdeting separated.
