EMPLOYED IN FACTORIES.

ir parliamentary Interferencie)
n Factories, . were presented
field, Chudley, Baildon,
Renfrew, in Scotland; ancli,
lies in the West Riding of to
Assessed Taxes were presentioi
eat Drifiield, and Mr. C. 1'

NEGRO SLAVERY.
the abolition of slavery were rev,"\)..
from Thorden, Mr. C:WoAeR3,)I
lalifax, and Lord Dalmeny
sented a petition from Stirlilia: c,ro
church patronage of Scotian oe,o,
ton presented a petition frar,rms'
ter, praying for a Divisiona' 1 fit'
ISH COERCIVE BILL. /
is measure were presented fa/ p
3allyrobe, in the county 0'
ie county of Meath; C6l. Yon `„01'
r Worcester; Mr. f'ryer, ft ses' ,
*ors, from Carlow, Raphoet 1105,'
Wexford, and one from Nelg•thO'
praying for the abolition of •
:iock.

Y.,
here is a class of street re aaeents;
without affection—the pettch
11 to buy or hire a boo"! "d
ails : the owner, with his tiiiinkil4
them all the while, an after lAtefw
Venturing tenderly, page Ili' 11 1'
when he shall interPesteifleatiol
eny themselves the 111. waY,
Martin B—, in this.so,
0 two volumes of Cl3llasking
is laudable ambition, qo pitrehio:
rs) whether he meant 01.0 of hike
at, under no circurnstuan which 'lO.
with half the satisfactioar 0" day 0
Les. A quaint poetess ;in, but
led in two very toucu

It eager eye
)n a stall,
devour it all;
stall-man did espy,
heard him call,
ever buy a book,
you shall not look.'
sight
slowly on, and, with a
.ver had been taught to rea4, bad 00,4
hurl's books he should have
poor have many,
the rich annoy :
. another boy,
he'd not had any
y at least—enjoy
. meat in a tavern larder.
then thought I, is surely harder,
aging, thus without a penny,
e of dainty-dressed meat : "
wish he ne'er -The rned to eat. 1)
last Essay' (1)

4' 1300 TH'S ESSAY ON FREE TRADE, AND ITS
EFFECTS ON THE PEOPLE.

r 0
---..s itrm
EDITOR OP THE LIVERPOOL ST'IND./IRD.
Lettt, (CO&CLUDED FROSt OUR LAST.)
tries i . next, consider what is the resent state of those coun-
tke„ 'Pug on the Baltic, the North Sea, and Black Sea, who are
lessZetib, in raising corn for exportation. When Spain pos-
tle
_e er South American provinces, and Portugal the Brazils,.
Aare! bet drawn from these sources caused their home agricui-
INeLo gected ;in consequence, they annually imported
hilt sslVl'lles offoreicrn corn, chiefly from the North of Europe;
Passo".', since these channels of beneficial commerce have
'adss• into other hands, the want of them has excited their.
is si ll'Y, and in conseuence Spain has become an exporting
ti oa t,,,.a elle ro_ Tan importing corn country, and. Portugal provides
~•s,orth
,T,,,tier own consumption in ordinary seasons; the
,ssfig - zurope is therefore deprived of these markets,
,t4ii,„f_tuels as remain to them, like Sweden, Norway, and
; w--114Q, are very much circumscribed.
j kt anen, the British ports have been shut against foreign corn
)1 tto ls,g Ite,tigth.of time, as they were for several years previous
) namelyre , arices of all grain in the North of Europe_fellte:-
, low from the want of an export vent ;at Dan g
Ivii I, other Prussian and Poindranean ports, fine and good
4, eats Were sold from 15s. to 20s. per quarter 'Winchester, kore" 'lee en board; freights to Liverpool from 3s. to 4s.
this tee Barley 10s. to 12s. and Oats 7s. torts. Ss. Notwithstanding
fit ',5 Us, I,)re, ssion, cultivation' proceeded as before, without regard,
fit adds,,l- ThJeur);
.suffered;
.having no other employment for their
ej,
ell uad uo choice, but persevere and hope for a favour-
s °l' t s atige• In Saxony'and Poland, horn the heavy charges
70 tsthri-n'Post to the coast, their Wheats produced next to
'Ai ithanig to the growers; the cultivation was therefore generally
r Nild Ined, and Rye raised. in its place, With which I under-
T° tile . they feed their sheep in whiter, to improve the quality of
re "Doi
t Iv •
ii; tlll°l4Be na'r free trade in corn to be established here, nearly the
'sis „t Russian of these northern countries, together with those of
;Ili hat British dominions on the Brack Sea, wont(' be poured into
'lOl 'liter ''`lsr, Markets • any depression in prices here would not
04 lintiBhiPt it, f„ however -milieus such depression might be to the
t° the f farnsers, it would Still be satisfactory and remuneratmg
telley ae,,eign grower who availins. himself of our metallic sun:
„Payta,„,' buloon, would consult hi convenience in the mode of
mtaiss—s`' ,nd as I have already shown from past experience,
Let -c, our precious metals.
Nsedul next contemplate deficiency in our home produce,
44, either by diminished cu'tivation or unfavourable seasons,
tl4 to render that supply necessary, which Mr. Booth
iatillat'l to hail as a boon End' a blessind! In such a state,
h`assqt,:e not be put in the power of the foreig r,
wer? whue,
,„'Attes-„6,,(1n, wants wouTd stipulate for his own ~ before h
I,l4Bthti-y"o`l,,h,is; supplies?' We-11' aware that in such
.a case, we
;4 liave I' u•s terms, or be prupaied 0 grapple with famine.
e seas., eyeatedlv been placed in this situation by. unfavour-
liet es 'ins, and h'as not this been the practice at such iferiods.?
seks'en, after payint, exhorbitant prices, and exhausting their
mees 's,': ask lisr•Booth if we have ever, in any one s.eason,.
ctiihrr.:sis ts
eors oc,r-uPicronc'dusreefsurpnlies to the extent of ten millions of
gdi or e-fifth art of his estimate of
14°Purilturaption • and when deficiency hasprsatly exceeded that
Nit ass s_s
-'
not' faminew been avoidedhy strict economy
.in
)ili`ti'aPtio
Vof n, caused by the prudence of the higher, and the in;
4t bar the middle and lower classes to pay the high prices.
tesciate* llooth
. Proposes to make us dependent for food on such
1,114041)1%and these, too, that are at times beyond our control,;
I '''' hazards-- great dimin'inution from unfavourable seasons. I o
041, 11,
are .-rat no, would expose us, by oppressing and putting down
f „lilts .„ sneniture destroying the many mighty interests that
tc't,,s4Oi cot 4•1, with it, in
.order t.o. encourage the growth of
es Iv lila L'or our supl in the lain hope that our rnanufac-
hqs(4e;ekita,kFn in payment for it. hots this the working of
for suchwe must suppose he considers it to
N1)44111151111 the bold and dogmatic tone of decision with which he
s gates his ga re, an,
_,doctrines, as if they were beyond the reach of
els tor tst above appeal. Can. his be British feelings, or a re-
„e „, ritish safety or British interests? or are we t.? con-.
I,4'o'rtuda,t, his views and reasoning are those of " A citizen of
peenr4l the
Wrote th -;_earliest times up to the present hour, it has ever
isa"r`e..st teti:nhi_e_st of our most patriotic and ablest statesmen to
siietise for re growth of corn, as the safest and only sure
Nail 511 r the Supply of
.food to " the people." At a period
Ptekliii it was thens' is ere_.n.ght and population comparatively
P 11„ etion L
,wise policy 0.,f the leslature to encourage
ete:s, wt-i'' '1 granting bounties on the exportation. of the sur-
bie'sed , en such existed'; at more recent periods,' when in-
11;,Ileipie,dation no' longer left an excess for export, the same_
ti%)ftr7 th , Protection in the home market has been. persevered
at-reigne en.se___ouragemen.t
.of our agriculture. Teethed
ss„,,sys ev"rl was prohibited 1.1
ti4r,t,
~iy 2 wheriluti7 of deficiency,ditte at
ntialndthethperinceeesessityfor a
foreign point,
m d fixed but moderate duties, ;
tei,,e,n, )',,tehnt tvallL was
paroductive of great change and fluctua-t
Zulass4,-„,," as was felt oppressive to the consumer, from the gr.ea
tledets-', 7;t in price,- without a corresponding benefit. being.
4tieted '',,' 'Lie growr ne present system s.vas therefore sub,
tale ffieunded on. a graduated scale of prices, with relatise
iaBll.itl6sin'linotrYi,oth ra,te-cf iuishing as prices advanced, for the
balk, price
faiefncorn,7iOthpreotheceteitheegcroonwsuerm;ebry, atnhdisinsycsrteeamsmegt
Rro,s, s.e a
B,e o protect .
14 ;,t 1111,0 admess ot price has been securedobject of
it\r" 1 st"lance to both.grower and
.consumer. In evidence
ti ers„, aY state, that since the last harvest the six
_weeks;
tlettateAskeruer wheat have, I think, not varied above 2s. pe
ts suites all Ping generally between 535.. and 515., a price that
4. 4(i 1,,, the economy and industry
.of the farmer to s 'bruit
as
ntlieC enabled to meet the exigencies of the times vet it is
tllll was the workinc, classes can at present afford; to fad
cst',,,ferr°iia..:l' wonld bring"inevitable ruin on the farmer, without
ea
de ,-,-,' „anY corresponding benefit on the latter ; this has
kilt-4\410%—Z acotviy and.salutary system, and has hitherto worked.
the wfs,%B6 n emne.d hy oluers naellwthraece of political econo-
wisdom and foresight
tr„e Pres„tudul to tnemse v
itt4etkilZtaeinu 'tlsa3tO consent. to this free trade in corn, we are
ot• ,etea b the first instance„, that our home growths shall. be
tkhQtio ,Y, a fixed rate of duty, a system that appears alike
t Its haol, Whether
i n
tiipil'iatiueofiu.eide,beib of a temporary or a permanent c..har.ac-
cliaillY was LI;ould be to oppress the consumer when (it Lie,
NO', it . required, and prices high, which, even free from
'4l. alit 1 convenien. t for him to pay for ; whilst, with
104 tome crops, sufficient tor our consution this duty
It the tt, the prevent the introduction of foreignsupply', however
1/411111 41/rlces Might fall. in consequence et l ttea markets;
P1)11 ulging unavoidable distress and ultimategu ruin. on the
Ite troWer .' ,-.4, without causing great fluctuations and unsteadiness i
lii t accomplishing the objects aimed at by its acivo-
,l4,klad were they to extinguish the duty when prices. run
they deficient crops, the farmers would then be unju.. unjustly
truihi Vailf their right to high prices, as the. only consideration.
„, k'A ' receive, to make up for the falling off in quantity
r 45.. • - -
,Att, ; e deficiencies. .
pres:s, Z..,th has entered his protest against the tithe of the
Aatatlvet ',the present rates of rent paid to the landlord as op-
-0! tht4 ,eethe poor. Is he aware that- for the best lands in Eng-
%lra to ets do not exceed one-fourth. part of. the gross value
clu„sfth Pitey produce, and that for interior is often only
Psi`,` the „or less? Let us for the sake of experiment de-
ish,-5 of 1;1141'431 of rent, and in that case, taking the pres ent
Ivh I:,iled„,,e4at at 545., one-fpurth off farmer—at rent is 13s. 6d., and
frea,s Ina-"ejl, leaves 40s. bd. to the p.resent good
tre,,,t'qtrt„Y oe put free on hoard. at Hamburg tor 24s.—the
h s'i th "4 that port to London is not hiher than the rates
ripeste coal
add 10 duty, the
4 tll4,llle' 'by' ther free, traders in corn of the present day,
;I` Np folk 2.5. per quarter, . s. y,..
al,
~_ eirs y- ,
Mr Booth (but without an expression
fa,' as thy "ai,) you have these. wheats. delivered in London at
Iso'qies 0 Charges on them eing similar to those the Norfolk
of
t4;:ed:t; astr:Pethay'tohbave hiss onveyed there, cannot itnhejhusinticues,t
What .
talirs:fliat:oth spPrallce, as one of competition.
~,,,'tillsp,i, sune'h7r land-owners and farmers when.br.ought in con-
en- siisuideorms petition and with all their existing burthens
tsthsee of the corn i• tr "
ia's(o' sUstained sof tithe as a burthen on the poor, and. an
y the withdrawal of one-tenth of the gloss
tit:
r:,o,rnass leastaneesst_:ant:fliseld from the market of suppl at least
,lill tithe is rs to be his meaning. Surely he is aware, that
th tsh , much the lawful recognised property of the
I'4l'l4'4' Otte,
resultsnot
kti Q'rtner, after
N tate that of the landlord, or the crop that of
NI, cafe/actions. On
eltnytment for it, and that no person purchases
collet Call the tithe. leases
a farm,nu improver of waste lands
Si ,r, ustltost first &ducting the aTo.unt.o.f the tithe
I tilt?
4sizrls
le ti ? T hr' grounds,twal,terthen, of justice can al .
sal 4ed, is it not a its nature a burden ? and when
etois'its extent, a source of supply to thellge.nce:
prod., 1(?u, in the price o°flleshPaosi'
9t 141, , - r. Booth and I are agreed. He admits that a supply
e, and that
admits
one in hi h
tedit„t.°llr, beyond the demand for it, must necessarily cause
ket tgilive labour, and even money itself labour;
lfis:
bringlike alml thee.re fruits imt sa or
..f
pPrseise nAesanrelsaerddissyaohsed of,
.and the consequence. is a fall in
-eat ,-• our, with some exceptions, this is at
Petit: unfortunately the case, and the price, chiefly orntitll',°4 for employment, has fallen to the low point which will
site curiait of the
.purchase of the common necessaries of life,
' tabo,.its are required to sustain the individual in a state to
4r, and beneath it the price cannot fall without d estroying
