IVEISC.EI.I.II.2.ZEOUS.

We, hear that one of the pledgers to the immediate abolition
of slavery was recently °tiered by his father (a dignitary in the
church,) as an able advocate (if they would &et him into Par-
liament,) to the West Indian Committee, of which Mr. Hib-
bert is chairman.—Globe.

SPENCER.—The Hon. Mr. Spencer (Lord Althorp's
brother) who recently gave up his ministry in the establish-
ment to become a Roman Catholic priest, has been appointed
to a district at West Bromwich, in Staffordshire. The Wol-
verhampton Chronicle, in speaking of Mr. Spencer, describes
him as a man of unassuming planners and simple habits !
ENGLISH SLAVERY.—WC were in Mary-le-bone parish last
week; and were much shocked to behold Englishmen yoked to
carts,_ like beaits of burthen, dragging stones for the repair of
roads. Surely this is most disgraceful. What is the overseer
but a driver, and what are the poor famished-looking wretches
but slaves!—Metropolitan Magazine.
A NOBLE TAILOR.—The great Mr. Stultz, tailor, in Clifford-
Street, who retired to France a few years ago, and was created
Baron Stultz, died on the 17th November, at his estate called
Aires, in the south of France, after an illness of nine days.
This estate cost him upwards of £lOO,OOO (we believe £103,000.)
He had another large estate near Baden-on-the-Rhine. About
a year ago the Baron sent the Emperor of Austria a present of
£40,000, to do with it what he pleased, for which present he
received in return the Order of Maria Theresa, and the patent
as Count Gothenburg. The Baron had great wealth in the
bank at Vienna (Rothschild's.) His property, besides these
estates, exceeded £400,000.—Globe.
EXTRAORDINARY COMPLIMENT TO A TAX-COLLECTOR.—At
the late tithe feast of the rector of Wortham_ , one of the poorest
parishes in Suffolk, when the health of the constable of the
parish, who is also collector of the rates and taxes, was pro-
posed, several of the farmers represented to the Rev. Gentle-
man that the individual whose health was about to be drunk
was in great distress. The chairman immediately drunk his
health, and in wishing, him greater prosperity presented him
with a£s note. The hint was taken by the farmers ; the man
was sent upon some errand into the parish, and during his
abseil& every farmer subscribed, according to his means,
something towards his relief. On his return, a plate con-
taining a handsome present of gold and silver was handed to
him, in approbation of his industry in private life, and of his
integrity as a public servant of the parish. How seldom does
a collector of rates and taxes meet with the sympathy of those
among whom he lives!—Blackburn Alfred.

•
TEMPERANCE IN SWEDEN.—A letter from Copenhagen states
that since the foundation of temperance societies in Sweden.,
the- itnportation', of coffee into Stockholm has been increased.
by a million and a half of pounds.
ONE LETTER!—A letter was lately found, in which one friend
spokes° freely of another that it led to an irreconcilable quarrel.
"I am surprised," observed W., "that such bitter hostility
should arise out of so trivial a cause." "I am not at re-
plied J.; "it is unite natural; for a friend becomes a fiend if
you drop a letter.'
COMMAND OF 'TEMPER.—The Duke of Marlborough pos-
sessed great command of temper, and never permitted it to be
rufliedl)y little things, in which. tven. tbugreategniem have been
occasionally found unguarded. As he was. riding one day with
Commissary Marriot, it began to rain and he called to his ser-
vant for his cloak. The servant not. bringing it immediately,
he called for it again. The servant, • being embarrassed with
the straps and buckles, did not come up to him. At last, it rain-
ing very hard, the duke called to him again, amcl.asked him what
he was about, that he did not bring his cloak. " You must stay,
sir," grumbled the fellow, "if it rains cats-and dogs, tilt I can-
get at it." The duke turned round to Marriott, and said, very
coolly, "Now I would not be of that fellow's temper for, all the
world." '

SKETCH OF BURKE.—No expectation that I had formed of
Mr. Burke, either from his works, his speeches, his character,
or his fame, had anticipated to me such a man as I now met.
He appeared, • pe•rlaaps, at this. morn PP to. the. ,bagle Jt pct si to .
advantage in health, vivacity, and spirits. Removed from the
impetuous aggravations of party contentions, that, at times, by
inflaming his passions, seem, momentarily at least, to disorder
his character, he was lulled into gentleness by the grateful
feelings of prosperity; exhilarated, but not intoxicated., by
sudden success; and just risen, after toiling. years of failure,
disappointments, fire, and fury, to place, affluence, and honours;
which were brightly smiling on the zenith of• his powers. lie
looked, indeed, as if he had no wish but to diffuse philauthropy,
pleasure and, genial gaiety all around. His figure, when he is
not negligent in his carriage; is noble; his air, commanding;
his address, graceful; his voice clear, penetrating, sonorous,
and powerful; his language, copious, eloquent, and change-.
fully impressive; his conversation is past all praise.--,llemoirs
of Dr. Barney.

COBBETT'S HISTORY OF SCOTLAND.—III the last number of
the " Gridiron," Cobbett's Scottish tour is continued. After
introducing sundry characters, and picturesque objects, he at
length gazes in admiration on Bothwell Brig- unwilling to•
omit an favourable an opportunity for " enlightening,' ~,he
gravely says:—" We went over the bridge ealrettilothWell Brig;
where the famous battle was fought between Cromwell and the
Covenanters." This is another rich Specimen, of•Cobbett's ac-
quaintance with British history, as well as with the state of
parties in this country and Engiond. It is really most unfor-
tunate for the " Enlightener" that there are in being such
things as historical annals, else. we. do not know how far his.
imaginative propensities might drive him. We opine that
every schoolboy knows that Cromwell died in 1658; whereas
the onslaught at Bothwell Brig did not take 'place until twenty
years after poor Noll gave up the ghost and the reins of Go-
vernment together. We should not be surprised if Mr. Cob-
bett, amongst other " bubbles," held the tenet of the transmi-
gration of souls : but in common justice, he should have more
fellow feeling for one who hated royalty with as perfect a
hatred as he himself does, than rudely to disturb and resuscitate
his venerable republican bones, for the purpose of compelling
him to " carry on the good work" at Rothwell Brig, and that,
too, against Covenanters.' But perhaps we wrong thee, Cob-,
bett, in supposing that thou holdest the metempsychosian
system; for it may be that, when thou affirmest Cromwell to
have been bodily present at the " Brig," thou wert yet inclin-
ed to let his bones slumber in the grave; in which case thou
art a mere harmless disciple of the celebrated sagacious Irish
blunderer, Sir Boyle Roach, who maintained that a man could
be in two places at once, provided he were a bird. When
Cobbett arrives in London, he vows that, for the " enlighten-
ment" of the English people, he will perpetrate a volume out
of the several papers in the Register, descriptive of his tour
in this country. Good: and if the gentleman " progress" in
historical accuracy as he has hitherto done, we shall not be
surprised to read, about the third or fourth page of his volume,
that Edinburgh Castle is a circular tower, founded by Tamer-
lane, on the summit of the Bass Rock: and that Arthur's
Seat is a piece of low hop-ground in the Frith of Forth about
ten miles S. W. of Leith fier.—Caledonian Mercury.
