merchants and manufacturers of Leeds, praying
law restricting the trade with the Brazils.
Mr. J. FIELDUN presented petitions from
Failsworth, Lancashire, praying for a repeal of
malt, hops, and soap, and fur the abolition of
assessed taxes; also a petition from a parish in
the abolition of slavery, and in favour of the Ten
tory Bill. The hon. member, in a low tone of vr
petitions at length, and as soon as he had conch'
Mr. Copal= rose, and said that it was rig
reading the petitions of the people to empty IA
tkerefev 149,0 that the house be counted: •,.
Several metiThers interfered with Mr. Cobbett to
baiktigp, amtat
y leygtt,*strapgers were ordered
Ve understood during our absen-C& Mr.
"t!) r htisss:o the gallery we fouifd
Mr. J. 'LDEN•g.
,aing ajetition from the
of a parish itriltfttingh , praying for a reductioi
on corn, and the abolition of all taxes on the net
The petition was ordered to lie on the table, any
left the chair at 3 o'clock.

The SPEAKER resumed the chair at 5 o'clock.
HERTFORD ELECTION.

Mr. BERN AL, the chairman of the Hertford
mittee, stated that he had given notice of his jut
ing that the special report of the Hertford coinr
that a message might be sent to the House of
their lordships' leave for the attendance of th
Salisbury, and the production of certain of his
perty in the borough, be taken into consideration
tie had now to inform the house that the further
of this subject was rendered unnecessary, in cc
letter addressed to him that day by the Marquess
and which he would take the liberty of reading to
The letter was dated " The House of Lords," ar
following purport. " Sir,—Understanding that it
convenience of the committee to see the agref
into with some of my cottage tenants, and as .
may arise in the way of obtaining them by motion
of Commons, I beg to inclose one, which I have
the information of the committee. They are all
form, and I shall have no objection to submit to
tiou those specified in the votes of the House of
But some delay will necessarily occur before this
as they are at present in the country." Mr. 13(
was sure that the house, atter hearing the letter,
opinion that it was unnecessary for him to procet
motion; and he should therefore propose that it be
Motion accordingly withdrawn.
GARRISONS.

Lord EBRINGTON wished to know whether the
gentleman, the Secretary at War, could inform I'
period he contemplated laying before the house tb'
which he (Lord Ebrington) had moved for respec
sons at home and abroad?

-----ir,l:ll;;lstio.sE;aiii he had written letters to
manders of the different garrisons, requesting them
the desired information, and the returns could not,
be made up until the answers to those letters weft
This, he feared, would be some time yet. lie took
tunity of stating to the hon. member for Middle:
would be out of his power to present the returns mat
that hon. member relative to the profits of colonels ofj
until nearly the end of the session, because a great
,1
those officers were residing at great distances abroad
Lord EBRINGTON trusted that the returns relative
risons at home would be shortly laid on the table, a
tice that he would move, on the army estimates bei
under the consideration of the house, that a select
be appointed to inquire into the salaries of the goy°
deputy-governors of garrisons at home and abroad, 4
to ascertain whether any reduction might be madt
without detriment to the public service.

REVISING BARRISTERS.
On the report of the vote of £30,500 to pay the
the revising barristers being brought up,
Lord G. SOMERSET asked how it was that two
who had travelled over the same ground, and bee°
the same number of days, appeared, in several i
have made very different charges.
Lord ALTHORP said, that in the instances alluded
noble lord there were certain expenses common to i
Heinen, which had only been charged by one of theroii
Mr. CORBETT did not object to the charges; he hal
they were very fair, for every thing that lawyers
but .he objected to making those who had to vote
work of those barristers. Vast numbers of the pel,
thought unworthy to have the right of voting, but
not considered unworthy of being taxed.
After a few words from Mr. Hume and Mr. O'CO
report was received.

IRISH DISTURBANCES BILL.
On the question being put, that the house resolve
committee on this bill,
Mr. COBBETT rose and said that he should consi'l
the basest of men if he did not object to proceediej
despotic measure. They had heard of the deeds of r
dingtou, of Perceval, and of Castlereagh, but he fo.
bill-before the house an infamous pre-eminence over
deeds. The hon. member then proceeded to argue at'
ole length that the measure was utterly repugnant 11
ciples of the British constitution as laid down by 1'
Blackstone, and after instituting a comparison betwe'
and the measures of the British government with re
the North American colonies, declared that the pea
much right to resist the former as the Americans ha
the latter. If this bill were more tyrannical than any
which had been framed at the reformation by the ape:
plunderers of the reign of Henry VIII., the worthy I`
of the noble lords and-hon. gentlemen opposite,—if it
than any measure which had emanated from that tvr!
ll.—if it were more abominable than anything wiil`
HI. had ever directed against America, what nght bs
meat to expect that the people of England would le
selves to the infliction of it upon the people of Rol'
said boldly that an Englishman was base and woe,
country who would not step as far for the liberties of ,
he would for those of England itself. 1 his bill, if pas,
land, would he sure to return here at last. Ministe,
other means of conducting their government in Engt,
the present system but that. He had very frequee
this measure tyrannical, and those who- aimed at e
into effect tyrants. It was therefore necessary to coo
a tyrant was ; for all nature and all usage said, that
right to resist and to destroy a tyrant. If he were a
had as much right to destroy him as Moses had to a'
taskmaster of Egypt, or as Jehu had to cast Jezahel '
window, and to give her blood up to the dogs to lick,
oh!") All that a tyrant wanted was, to take from r:
the fruits of their lab Our, their money, or their goods/
tyrant may take from you without resistance your r
money, or the fruits of your labour, he will let you lip
not destroy you. Therefore, know ye, what tyrants
what tyranny is, and when you know it, remember
right of resistance exists, and that he who exerts it n'
slave." " Ay," but say some, "you cannot resist."
answer that point, and would then conclude. (Imme
" Hear.") "If you feel," said he, "such satisfaction
nouncing that I am near a conclusion, I'll tlit.appoio,!
will not conclude this time." (" Oh! oh !") "
some, "you have got such an army that we cannot
government." Yes, but the government has got apa
too, and that is its weak point. Let them be compal,
money in gold, and then so long as they are compel'
in gold the people are more than a match for them. rb.
banks alone are more than a match for them. I knoi
can pass another Bank Restriction Act. 1 know tha'
member for South Devon recommended them to p",
measure. But what then? The merchants of L'
say that they won't deal with the country people so le
demand gold; let thes country people have patience,
their goods at home, and then see whether the me
Cork have not as much need of them as they have of
chants of Cork. The filthy rags will lose their power,
they have lost their power, where is the pay for those
to serve out bayonets and bullets to the- people ? ,
member then proceeded to say that he did not intena
his Majesty's present ministers of a wish to be tyra!J,
were not so from nature ; but they would become so f.
sity. (" Question, question.") Who called ` quests
thought that he was making a pretty long questio°'
not want to excite personal feelings against the
but he would not coax or flatter the servants of the cr
would stimulate them to do their duty by represCo
would, in his opinion, be the consequences of this se
sure to Ireland. He hoped the people of England
forget or be inactive spectators of what was about to
the people of Ireland.
Mr. Arrwooo gave notice that on the first opportol
should present itself he would move that all further p
this bill be suspended until the remedied measures
byministers should be carried into effect; for he he]
it this measure should be passed the remedial meas°
be delayed, or probably not be carried through at all:,
gave notice that he would move in the committee a clad
fine the operation of the bill to thOse counties of Leiusle
outrages were said to he committed. He would not b
nocent punished for the guilty, and therefore he tb
counties of Ireland which were tranquil should be

act. He was an enemy to the repeal of the u
he Would take away from the inhabitants of ti
one argument which they might use in
ar- if they were thus to be coufounded with ti

earn4ti.dOn, that the Speaker do leave the chair,
e, and the house went into

4 13 ::id.recgalacidrOimint
asiwlaaTnsTyhEiEcsoiOunDintetTylEsießl:
lcs.t. (the chairman) having read the font
which empowers the Lord-Lieutenant to
the application of this law, and such cow
iceraed a proclaimed district,
0r t ' toLt
o Lb
move so
a dietai
.b ° any other part of the bill to which it mi
e tuade, to the effect that the bill should m ' which related to the collection of tithes in
mow. said that the amendment suggest(
• would not be necessary, as ministers had]
•
•to ntroduce a measure by which it would n
;f:e isort to the act passed in the last session fo
'le arrears of tithes.
'KNELL asked why not, then suspend the fui
those tithes? They - '
lle •
at!orning another melancholy proof of the
attentpting to collect tithes by an armed i
It, Tnotte said it would be premature to sus
of the arrears, until they knew whether Pa
lect.
the measures which they had in conte;
•Ntkiy said it would be impossible that goy
a decided answer to the hon. and learned gen
at present. He did not understand what
, gentleman meant by a levy by the police.
?erotical, going on, in which the assistant
,sometimes re9uired with respect to tithes. I
dueetion was given to the clergy in
thes to them; and the other, where it IN
to collected the arrears for the public on w
.1(1 made an advance of money. Now, as tc
ask the hon. and learned member for 1
'tlY one instance in which any party h
%just for arrears of tithe who was not wet
who refused only through a spirit of resist
on account of tithe. lie was sure he co
tild learned gentleman would say that any
against for tithe who were too poor to
'lm that his information, come from where i
'rrect. As to the cases of individual clergy me
-98 to collect their tithe, he could not say ;
~ tilatd of any instances of severity. As to thi
ii,.. police refusing to give vouchers when they
'east not heard of any such thing till now, and
enoto believe it correct.
xi wNitsilbi'i!..L was inclined to believe that the rat
tr a
to ethrs
nnself mistaken in supposing that nc
was made from poor persons. He had .
N• e_e number of 7,0 W having been issued for
icittears of tithes.
iis ember (name not known) expressed a h
:,,I.lllght be iutrodueed to impress on the pee
meet of
Lanny w. this bill was not the collection o
lot „., . as the general impression amongst the
It
a., ,Y it was correct, but it would be right so t
LiZget rid of it.
1.11'11,1' had heard nothing to induce him to ;
hat to should therefore, in discharge of what h(
d that 91e people of Ireland, urge the amendm(
o the W'th such a clause few persons in lrelan; .
IL bill.
e i l'Athor (of Athlone)hoped that some sue
jonlitrodueed. He would not have voted for 1
Del(.ll;catlings if he had not thought that sop
ils,t. °ace been introduced.
dd ii",adthitted that that never was the object of
the r e said that the clergy were to be paced of
d.4W ? That, however, must be the ease if t
trlgdainst the clergy in the collection of tith(
vre' by the courts to be established under the
o -11°111' said that any aid in the collection
t Part or object of the bill, which was for the
et 0. but undoubtedly if outrage
Is /vet beneraity, .
ea a e committed against the celleetion of tithe
ill, Istrict, they would be cognizable by the co;
e tiot as tithe cases, but as outrages.
IieII'INIELL said it was clear enough that th;
the Was., to be given under the bill was to be ap
its i;,.lVhen once the power was given, how cut
• tithe
so used, unless some such clause as ti
tpii„` 'l°ll. member opposite were introduced ?
It- wished that the real object of the bill sh
e
pi'fiw,,as undoubtedly understood by the people i
rt tt-tuJect was to aid in the collection of tithe.
t',,;;;,,sa,id it was not suggested that the objec
,were la the collection of tithe. It was not s,
,re to be sent out one day, and that the n
'al were to try those who offered any opp
tlnet aid. He would go further, and admit
t:!,11(ted; but, then, took at the bill, and it w;
~ ,went further than they intended. The I
vet
rai acts, and declared that all offeices agaii
-(:,t8
_thoUld be cognizable by courts-martial.
' 941 the act embody the 27th of George I
•'^ section of that act apply to the collection of
Ival it not, then, follow, that the power to be gra:
:8,2 he'applied in ca,ses of the collection of til
•' 'en could the noble lord deny that it was
Jett? '
~r.-•tY said the clause referred to by the hon
its.leh persons as shall by force' or threat, o:
—ails." (Hear, hear," from Mr. Sheil.) He
raetaber, having bad his turn, would allow
; ~The act to which reference had been ma
'l`,fle purpose of putting down the Whiteboy sy
padordinarily known by the name of the
bte'l was intimately connected with what was ci
erY " the WhiteuoS, Coue." Ministers did
!It measure mean to interfere with tithes; a
gs, to give 'to the clergy the same protection,
0 Was extended to other classes of the coinmun
their property the same protection which WiL
Clecies. of proper. property. great object of the 1.
t Protection of (Hear, hear.)
oNNELL observed that the act which had b;
' and which appeat • •edto be followed in the hi
he , i
4 f t.se, Looked to tithe property almost exelusil
1 Or tithes far more than it legislated for bo
to.pertv
' •• •This la
easuiv, he repeated, was emplu
kt hex,
THORP denied that the interpretation of the I
14. with reference to the 27th of Geo. 111. was
it member would lead the particular clause, be
th ag dircted ainst "an unlaful conabint
,e w
collectie against
on of tithes, or any y forcible obsttuc
teen, or any violence used towards knit in col

letsation of some length ensued, in which Mr. I
h' Keane, Mr. H. (rattan, Dr. baidwid, and
4.' roetnbers took part.
Ert.r complaine d that a writer in an Irish i
ir nad called upon the people of the county 0.
ieak their just. vengeance on his hon. coilLig.
:11, for the vote which he had given upon the b
;",onse. (Hear.) For hirnseit, be was quite re
iit.oe obloquy to which he was exposed by appea
47 any part of the, measure. lie wished the bill
tie° connect its Operation solely with the supprei
t h the horrible system of witatiou now prevalent
'lnd received letters from Ireland admitting tha
„was unavoidable, but cAlling for modifications
bello
t',(l above all, beseeching that it might not
" to be a . prop of the tithe system. (Hear.
4,(hi to the clause, a, proviso to this effect, "
. Ll,he it hereby enacted, that it shall not be lay
0 Lieutenant or other 'chief governor or govel
Ply the powers conferred by this act in any
4. f, °l.* district merel because tithes shad not I
'll4 or district ; and be it further enacted, t.
of If this act shall not be . applied iu any way
evYing tithes, or enforcing rho payment then
„krilltCliTON supp'orted the ,proviso, and observi
".ornise of the neble lord (Aithorp) on a former
6,Lt that this act was not to be applied to the 1
,spent of tithes, he (Mr. Warburton) could nc
.d °l3.leetion could by any possibility be offered
iti, °l' his colleagues to the, present motion. (.]
had the noble lord as being bound in honour
hi:, said on a former evening, to put some lim
1 reernent of the powers of the law as enjoi
clause. of this bill, which directly. referred to ti
litiAal). 15. If the noble lord refused to sisal
oil IT), for one, should consider it as a direct bn
At, e part of the noble lord.
!4,,,ti110RP said that to the whole of the first part
NI, of the hon. member for the county of Wexl
the leitain the slightest objection; be alluded i
'L) Proviiso which enacted that it should not be
11i,5.: Lieutenant of Ireland to apply the powers
aykeet to any county or district merely in conve.
at
tot tithes. With respect to the other
alr's amendment, the aoubt he felt was at

I::
11402
e act. I
;re he woo
jug reliOnties cdit
easure if t
a Todi hear.)
al of tbellue3tion,
of tithe:4 carried,
in La11;43
e Ten l' I,•,llweit,
of voice, utu, whic
['eluded, .44°11 di
s riche re the a
beat deemed'
F
astatirr
' - or tr.
ett 0 au
• be
I to. Mac
Cone et which
, ALTIIO]
und :I:" Wool
the fra9'*)o to jai
IctiOn to to resort
,31:eCe‘833,' %ff,th:sati
and 6, k,,,.. ,
oe those
that
IL°l3
ck. eea iA a att,
.:ALTtiot
ord eler , a the
s intent'''. "cl, Pt thi
oinuaittl, l'uJect,
f Lords, .14:si LE y
If the 3' je a dee
his le , I°4 at
0 iled .
ation t „ gem
rther c 0 - °Pecati
a consei 48 sorrel
loess 01 7,.ssary
ing Wk tithes ,
s," and ~,4,0 col
that it had ni
greeLnell "'tat! ast
eti
yas s on't 'lt 41
(Alan ill a, agiin
have 0 '''l Itho
.e all Of meet un
mit to % 0.4. and
se of C e`ie ede d i
this c 3 : him 1.1
r. Bern 'urreet.
.otter, asures
nrocee'A, eard ,
