tnycytal Parliamtnt.

IldeSE-01,
On the motion of Lord' ELlA:Nam:tat:4st', the Exchange of
Lauds in. Common Fail is B U was read it second time.

NEGRO APpaENTIcEstilP.
Lord BROUGHAM nave uouice to it, ott Monday next he should
bring forvv;ml his motion. reg,irdin:4 nt:gris -slavery, negro ay-
prittitieeship, &e-, and he should move all address for the adop-
tion of oleaslres to alleviate their condition. As to aveelerating
the periods of the einaneipation of the negroes, he should not
then raise any question, although he 1141 very stroul, opinion
Oil +fie sutjeet. Nis lordship undertook, on the suizgevion of
Lord Eilenhoronzh, to •stubtait the terms of his motion pre-
viously to.the debate.

. . Theltortuis of LANsnowNe m.ived the seCond reading of
the 1)1,-•shyterian o.ans (Ireland) Bill.
Lord BaouGIiAAVINHIed the bill, declaring that it displayed
gross i4raiiranee of the law, and of who were presbyterians.
The sinter for the second reading, after sower further conver-
sation., was discharged.
Tacit lordships then adjourned.

HOUSE OF COM alONS.—MomnsY.
Its the Commons petitions were presented respecting "Sir J.
Soatie's Museum ;" against the poor laws; fur the commutation
of the sentence of the c)lton-spinners, &e
Mr. WaK LK y, on presenting some further petitions, regard-
ing the cotton-spinners, complained that a morning contempo-
rary had suppressed the fist of his hiving presimted petitions
-on this subject on Fritl:iy, and he thereupon declared that if
any sorb inaccuracies sir suppression occurred hereafter, tie the
!cqiiseqiiences to himself what they misrht, he should notice to
the Speaker that there were "strangers" present, and have the
galleries cleared, i e. the reporters excluded.
Mr. WA f,gy soon afterwards ot'ention to the fact
that ;he time for having " li.hts" had arrived, and that it was
proposed to ti y Isle experiment of the slew mode of situ oiti•ihnn
by gas; •tiut as some were for and others :i.rainst that experi-
ment, he thought the opinion of the house ought to be taken—
" gas V. wax."
Toe SrstAKER accordingly put the question, and the ayes
were loud in favour of the g is exhibition.
The house-was thereupon idutw,iated by gas.
Sir W. Moi.sswonTn gave no ice that March 6, he should
move an al tress (1.-ciaritory of " want of coutideace in the
colonial secretary, Lord Genelif." •
Lord J. RUSSELL moved that the house resolve into coin.-
mittee on the Poor Relief ((rebind) Bill.
Discussion ensued, in which Lord CLEMENTS, Sir E. Sun
DEN, Stc took port.
The hsinssi•afterwards went into committee, in which an ex-
tended aid very disiultory discussion occultied a great part of
the retilaintler of the evening.
Toe .Lort AnvocATig,•also in a speech of great length, de-
fended the proceedings, anti denied that there hati been any
errors in the legal proceedings, and consequentl that there had
been any delay to cover the ultioders chirped against the law
olficers.•

Mr. O'CONNEt 1, moved, as an amendment, that a seleci
committee lie appointed to iouire into the origin, nature, ark
extent of tri,les unions or column !Gins of workmen or employ-
ers of workmen in the united kingdom, and the teiplencrol
such anions or eninhinalions to aff.ct the free distribution of
wages, labour, and einpl iyinent; stud al so their tendency to in-
duce the commission of outrages against persons and property",
and the perpetration of murder; and also to report such sug-
gestions for improvement in the existing laws against illegal
combinations or societies as they !nay deem requisite.
The Co INcELLog of the ExcitEguEtt said that both Mr.
Wak!ey's propo,ition was objectionaole. an I that he could our
agree to •he amendment. If there were ingoiry, it ought to be
of the fullest and most impartial character; and if he had the
opportunity he would move for such an inpury—riatnelv, an
inquiry into the combination of masters, as well as men, without
confioing, the investigation to Scotland.
Mr. O'CONNELL said he would, after this statement, withdraw
bis amen linen:.

Mr. WA KI. EY- withdrew his motion, whereupon
The CeLANcE.Lont of the EXCHEQUER move.' for a commit-
tee, which was agreed to.
Ti►e naming of the cotnniil tee was deferred till Thursday.
The Arroii N 1:Y-Gi sEisAI., after some conversation_ obtained
leave to bring in the hilt to amend the Registration Of Voters'
Act, containing a.clause to abolish the registnitioit chi ling.
Colonel SiaruotiP gave notice that oil 'Thursday he would
call the arention of the house to some recent government au-
pOtottneuts, and to some that he believed were in contentltlatlift.
Oil the motion of Mr. flotxtas, a new writ was ordered for
Bridgenorth.
Tiae house then adjourned.

'HOUSE OF LORDS. —TuEsnAY.
The Earl of Duo I-1 ST pres•.nted peiitious from Flull, Sunder-
land, &c. in faFoor the •• ballot."
Lord ELt.R•inuttott;u deferre:t till Tuesday next the citn•
naittee on the exchange of Common Fields' bill.
The Julia-stock (Clerical) Co-partuership bill having been
brought (ruin ihe Coin:nous.
L ltd Et. LENai It(JUGH suzgested that their lorthhips should
not proceed with it until they had some facts before them to
w irrant it.

Tile Loan Ctil,Nekl.r.ott answered that the Court of Exche-
quer havinz decidell flint the fact nr. clergyffiall being a mew
ber of socii ca-parlviership ati-cted their proceedings, rendered
parliamentars inter errnee areess,lll.

- The bill way thereupon read the first time, and urdered to be
reed the second time on Thursday..

HO-USE OF COAIAIONS.—TuEsnAY,

In the commons ballots took place for committees on the Bel-
fast and Pet ersfield election petitions; that for 13ridgenorth did
not pro,eed.
Mr.' \Vann presented a petition from Sheffield for a commit-
tee to inquire into the cause of the Dorchester labourers, woo
hat recoillV.l. I
the
royal pardon, not retorniu, to this country.
Sir .G. Gushy sail shat a tree p red ei had ',ern sent out iit the
spring ul 18.31 ;• and that he could in un.way .account for the
non-return of those individuals, except as Was no unrottr nun
case with those who received p irdans, or whose sentences had
expired, they .found it much better to reinaiu there than return
to this country.
Mr. Fit.:xcla brought forward the ease n-f petitions alleging
the forgery of mattes to the Sligo election petition ; hot, after
considerable con vet satiou, the ins tier was detei red till Wedues-
: day.
'l4 Sir S. WiaA LEY moved for a copy of the cot respondence be.
iween Ko2land and France relative to the occupation of Algiers
!?' 'by the French.
Mr. MACKINNON seconded the motion, considerino. !hat the
French by wh it they bad done had rendered a service to the
• Christian powers.
Lord P I.MER sToN consenting to produce the papers, the mo-
'llion was airreed to.

. _
Mr. WaK LEY, in a speech of consiilerab!e length. moved the
foil-owing resolution :—That this house is of opinion that a select
cournittee should he apteiinie.l In inquire into the constitution,
practices, and effects of a society which h►s long evisteil in
Scotlan I, under the title of the "A.qs .ci vino of Operative Cot-
ton•spinuers of Glasgow, and its neighbourhood.

HOUSE OF CO XI \ln Vsl I.AI
EDNESDA Y.
The Speaker took the chair at f.tur o'clock.
PETMISEIELD ELECTI.N.
Colonel CAVENDISH, as chairman of the Peters6eld Election
Committees, reported that the committee had decided !hat 5 r
H. Joaffd was not duly elected to serve in the present parlia-
ment for the borough of Petersfield, and that Mr. Hector was
duly elected.

The report of the committee having been read, the clerk of
the crown wag ordered to ;mend the house, ant amend the re-
turn azreeable to the resolution or the eooitnittee.

A ~reat number of petitions in favour of vote by ballot were
presented by iliti.reitt members.
:llr O'CoNN 611. presented a number of petitions from places
i❑ Ireland, in favour of corporation reform.

Sir H. iTERNEv s-lid he shout,' out persevere in the amend-
meutof which he had :liven notice on the 'notion of the
member fur London, on the subject of vote by ballot. (Hear.
' bear.)
