FINANCE COMMITTEE.

A further letter had been received fit:rn Mr. Samuel Knipe,
stating that the council bad misunderstood the purport of nis
former letter. Resolved—That it be refereed to the Town Cletk
to report.

Several communications were received from shipwrights, ac-
quiescing, in the determination of the council not to adhere to
the higher rents for shipwrights yards f9rmerly resolved on by
them, but to accept a lower rate of rent.
Mt. Councillor PLATT wished to know bow many of the
shipwrights had acceeded to the reduction?
Mr. Councillor WALLACE Cu att LE said they had received an
answer from one of the shipwrights, accepting and thanking
them for the reduction made ; and the reason they had not more
communications was because the 'reduction had to be confirmed
by the council.

Mr. Councillor PLATT begged to state that the shipwrights
generally thought the present state of rents too high. He be-
lieved it had been proved that the shipwrights' business was a
trade by which they could out live. He was not advocating
their cause, but was very surly for them. The shipwrights of
other parts had greater advantages than they had in Liverpool.
He thought the shipwrights ought to be encouraged. 'They
were a liberal corporation, and they ought to be liberal to the
shipwrights. He considered the business of the shipwrights as
absolutely the cradle in which thebusiness and the prosperity
of the town had been cradled ; and when they considered the
thousands that were supported by this business, he thought it
ought to to encouraged. He begged to state that the ship.
wrights as a body would be exceedingly thankful. He thought
it only fair that they should. be so treated that they could com-
pete with the outports. What would be. the consequence if the
shipwrights were driven in some measure away ? When there
was a pressure of old business for repairs, they would not be
able get workmen for repairs. He was willing to admit that
the shipwrights had been uureassinable as to wages; but when
they considered the risks they run of losing their tools in the
docks, 4s. Gd. a day was not too much. He advocated his na-
tive town generally, not the cause of the shipwrights.
The MAYou—Do you. wish to refer that part of the report of
the finance committee back for their consideration ?

Mr. Councillor PLAT'. begged to move that that part of the
proceedings of the finance committee be referred back to their
consideration.

Mr. Councillor CooPEn seconded the motion.

Mr. Councillor Cutt HLE said be was an advocate for his na-
tive town, and for the shipwrights as a component part of the
town as much as his excellent. colleague, Mr. Platt. He had
given a reason why answers had not been further received from'
the shipwrights, because they very properly thought that the
reduction proposed required the confirmation of the council. A
part of the shipwrights had accepted the terms proposed, and
oue of them who was one of the deputies had pleaded the cause
of the shipwrights most ably. He thought the council would
agree With him to wait and see what was the effect of the pro-
posed reduction.
Mr. Councillor PLATT said, under these circumstances I
shall withdraw my motion.

The finance committee proceedings were then confirmed.
The proceedings of the leases and improvement committee
were then confirmed.
WATCH COMMITTEE PROCEEDINGS.

The opinion of the town clerk was read on several questions
proposed to him. Amongst others, he was of opinion that any
member of the council not a member of a committee had no
right to demand to take extracts of the proceedings of such
committee without the sanction of such committee.

Resolved that the four senior collectors should have £36. each
presented to them as a gratuity for their zeal in collecting the
rates, and that the two junior collectors should each have £3O.
presented to them. It was stated that through the exertions of
Mr. Capes Ashlin £9. 13s. per cent additional on the whole
amount of'the rates, or £4500. had been collected, being an
increase of about £l5OO. on the lighting, and £3OOO. on the
sewerage rates.

A vacancy was announced in the office of beadle, the last
beadle having died.
The M A you stated that he had received information from the
coroner stating that a beadle should he appointed to summon
juries, and he had therefore sent to the watch committee a
communication to recommend stone person to act till the wish
of the council shOuld be known. The watch committee recom-
mended Archibald Balfour as a fit person to fill the situation.
The Mayor then read a letter from Balfour stating that hitherto
he had only received policeman's wages, but he would be quite
satisfied with £BO. per annum salary. Several recommenda-
tions were also inclosed. The Mayor also read applications for
the appointment from a perso❑ named Thomas Lyon and from
other two individuals. He had put the whole question before
the council, and he awaited their pleasure to confirm or not the
recommendation of the finance committee to confirm the ap-
pointment.

After a short discussion the appointment of the watch com-
mittee was confirmed.

The proceedings of the Market Committee and Town-hall
Committee were then confirmed.

CUSTOM-HOUSE COMMITTEE.

The deputy TOWN-CLERK read the repurt of the architect as
to the expense of erecting the new Revenue Buildings, and the
causes which had conduced to the expense exceeding the or►gi-
nal estimate, as follows: ._ _

That as respected the completion of the buildings. he begged
to submit the following as a statement ot the probable amounts
of the several works required to be done, and which it would be
his study to endeavour not to exceed:—;Masonry, £1593 18s;
Brick-work. £lll9 18s. ; Joiners awl pafilenters, £2112 19c.
hid; Painting, £215 IRs. Id ; Plumbing. and Glazing, £9BO
lOs ' • Iron-work, £1735 I3s. 3d; .Plastering, £1215 Is. 10d;
Labourers' work, £260; Measurtug,./350; Contingencietats
percent, £-121.45; !mak LSB452s. 4d.

The paving and flagging of the area of Canning-place was
being executed by the Commissioners of paving, &c., according
to an arrangement between the Council's committee and them,
and he believed the following were the proportions of the ex-
pense to which each party was liable: —Corporat ion, £2903 183 ;
Commissioners, I:1309 2s ; total, £4903.

. _
The amount. of the Corporation's proportion arose from the
followinitudditions to the width of the streets round the budding
viz.:—North side, 10% yards; south side, 81; east cud, 16k ;
west end. 161.
He then gave a summary of the foregoing statement, as fol-
lows.—

Cost of the revenue buildings to the 31st October, 1837,
£219,366 4s. 6d ; probable cost of completing revenue
£:;:=15 3s. 44; Corporation proportion of paving and flag-
ging, ' 18s; total, £231,115 ss. 1.01.
Expenselof foundation, as executed in stone forty-two feet
deep. £64,307 ISs. 84; deduct estimated cost in brick and stone,
£13.607 7s. 6d, which gives for expense of foundation, £50,700
41s. 2'l; cost of measurement not included in the original esti-
mate, the same being done by the surveyors assistant, £456 8c1;
total, £51,156115.
Cost of buildings, exclusive of extra depth of foundation,
£172,958 14s; original estimate, £175,188 6s. ; excess £4070
7s. sd.
This excess was said to have arisen from circumstances which
were nut foreseen, (the necessity to change the nature of the
foundationg,) and not in the works connected with th 6 build-
ings above the depth of the foundations originally content-
plated, and vrhich did not exceed 'the amount to u greater ex-
tent than could have been expected In works of so great mag-
nitude.

It was resolved that there be a sufficient watch set by night
and day at the revenue buildings, to prevent the injury and nuis-
ances which are there committed; and that four watchmen be
appointed by night and day.
Mr. Alderman Boont would now move that the council me-
morialize the Lords of the Treasury to remove the Stamp-office
to the Custom-house. He thought it would conduce much to
the convenience of the public to concentrate all the revenue
offices in that building. Besides there was another reason; in
the act of parliament for the building of the custom-house there
was an express provision fur the removal of the Stamp office to
the Custom-honse; and on the faith of that act the money was
lent for the building.
Mr. Councillor JORDAN seconded the motion. The majority
of persons requiring stamps had offices in the neighbourhood of
the Custom-house.
The motion was put and carried unanivasitsly. The mayor to
write a letter to the Lords of the Treasury.
The proceedings of the committe.: for the pecuniary affairs of
the churches, were then confirmed.
BOROUGH COURT, AND COURT OF REQUILSTS COSIIIIITTEE.
The 'rowN-Cr.s.ux read the report of this committee, which
was confirmed.

" That the committee have found it expedient to remove for
misbehaviour, two officers of the Court of Reques', one a bailiff
of the court, and the other a summons clerk—these removals
"Thatbeing
the committee have duly considered the special refer-
subject to the confirmation of the council.
ence made to them upon the report of the former committee, and
have proceeded thereon ; but that they are not yet prepared to
report upon an alteration in the constitution of the Court of
Requests.
" That with reference to any such alteration, and also with
respect to the great alteration in the law contemplated by the
bill before parliament for the abolition of imprisonment for debt,
it may be necessary to petition parliament for leave to bring in
a bill as to the Court of Requests.
"That this bill for!the abolition of imprisonment for debt may
also make it incumbent on the council, in due regard to the in-
terests of the public, to bring the Borough Court hetbre par-
liament, in order to obtain for its judgment the extent of power
against property of debtors, proposed. by the bill before par-
liament, to be given to the superior court in lieu of imprison-
ment.

" That the committee are advised that circumstances render
the present a favourable period for obtaining from the legisla-
ture other important improvements in the powers and jurisdic-
tionof the Borough Court.

"That under all ciremnstatices,, the committe recommend
that they should be empowered to take the requisite measures
in the present session by petitioning for bills ; but the committee
would wish to bring the subject fully and forcibly before the
council prior to any more expensive proceedings.
" That the measure proposed would be attended with an ex-
pense not exceeding Ea)."

DOCK COMMITTEE runcIEDINGS.

Resolved,—that owing to the great space occupied by vessels
navigated by steam, the a►nount of tonnage paid by them is nut
sufficient.

Resolved, therefore, that a larger amount of. tonnage be
charged, or that they be measured different from sailing vessels,
in order to afford adequate payment. fur the room required by
them.

The committee reported that the Formby light had parted
from her anchors on Sunday last, during the severe gale; re-
solved, that proper anchors be provided.
Resolved,—that information be obtained as to the use of the
bell, at the bell-ligbt.
The report of John Jones, the superintendent of the light
ship, as to the' damage done to the vessel by the American
packet ship Independence,
Proceeding confirmed.
GAOL COMMUTEE. _

The TOWN-CLERK then read the report of the gaol committee
to the effect,

"That the surveyor had, since the last report, furnished them
with a second report on the subject of a Hospital fur the Gaol,
on a scale to accommodate 16 males and females, and his estimate
%vas within the limit before stated. They had also with his as-
sistance, made some alterations in the plan as to the first in-
tended sites of the new buildings, and.had directed him to lay
before the Council the plan approved by them. The committee
strongly urged the necessity of immediately authurising the ex-
penditure for the improvements iu the present prison. Respect-
ing the appointment of officers, the committee had proceeded
in accordance with the resolution of the Council of 22d of No-
vember last, referring the appointments to them (the com-
mittee.) The committee hail se.ected for recommendation to
the Council, the Rev. Dr. But ks. to the office of chaplain of
the prison, in place of the Rev. .1. Winstanley, deceased, to
hold his office in manner provided by the General Gaol Act, of
4 Geo. IV. cap. 61, at the salary £l5O per annum. together
with
.1:50 per annum in lieu of a house, the latter allowance to.
cease as a house is provided; he to hold uo oilier office or ap-
pointment whatever: subject also to the terms recommended by
the trustees, and approved by the Council on the-22nd No%ein-

L :k...;TA N DAR D. .1

tier last, viz. that the chaplain shall Vi,te the whole of his,
time and attention to the prisoners in fieblic and private, as
may be most advantageous to them', and esimeially in case the
system of separate confinement as contemplated by the Secre-
tary of State he carried into effect, the chaplain shall iego
larly visit in their cells, such prisoners as do not object to his
assistance in consequence of religious scruples, to afford them
religious and moral instruction. The committee further re-
commended Mr. John Ward Ramsdell as a schoolmaster at the
Borough Prison, to hold his office during the pleasure of the
Council, at a salary of £BO. The committee further recom-
mended Mrs. kleleu Norris as a schoolmistress for the Borough
Prison, at a salary of £4O per annum, residence in the prison,
and the same allowance as the female turnkeys, or with a fur-
ther pecuniary allowance instead of residence until the same
could be provided. The committee had entered into contracts
with Mr. William Aldersev, baker, and Mrs. Close, butcher,
for supplying the prison with bread, meal, and butcher's meat,
for the current year. They had effected these contracts after
publicly advertising for tenders, and the prices at which they
had contracted, would enablethem at the end of the year, to
show a diminution in the prison expenditure in these articles.
'the court of trustees and the committee recommended to the
Council, that a vote of thanks should be passed to the Rev.
George Stokes, for his zealous conduct during the ten months
he had acted as officiating chaplain at the prison, and that the
pecuniary remuneration for his services should be the sum of
£2OO, being the amount of one year's salary now attached to
the office of chaplain."
The proceedings were then confirmed.
The MAYOR said he might perhaps take that opportunity of
correcting an erroneous impression respecting the conduct of
the gaoler, who was accused of harshness to the debtors. In
conformity with the resolutions of the 9th of Dec. last, the gaol
.had been put under new regulations, and the debtors had acqui-
esced in the propriety of it. Formerly the debtors jail had been
a disgraceful and immoral place. Ile believed that the bench
of magistrates weae of opinion that though the governor acted
with great firmness, he had acted with great humanity.
SAILOR'S HOME.

The MAYOR read the following communication from Mr.
James Aiken.
"To the Mayor, Aldermen, &c,
"Gentlemen,—Among the various improvements which so
happily distinguish the present age, and particularly the town of
Liverpool, there is, perhaps, no class for whom so much might
be done, and for whom so little has been attempted, as for Bri-
tish seamen. There is no class more useful, none so friendless,
who earn their wages with so much hardship, and spend them
with so little benefit.

" With the view to improve their character and condition, a
meeting of merchants, shipowners, and others interested in
their welfare, was lately convened at the Underwriter's Room,
when the resolutions herewith, were adopted unanimously, and
a Provincial Committee appointed to carry those resolutions
into effect. The Committee so appointed deem it their first duty
to apply to the Town Council for aid and co-operation in this
important work, and they do so with the greater confidence,
impressed strongly with the belief that the protection of the-
sailor will operate naateriall), in the prevention of crime.
We abstain from entering into particulars here, but ate
prepared to shew that the instances of detection bear no pro-
portion to the daily and hourly occurrence of the crime of plun-
dering seamen, the means thus obtained, sustaining a vast num-
ber of the worst characters, and producing effects most demo-
raiiziug and prejudicial to the good government of the town.
"To mitigate the evil it is proposed to erect a building, where
a large number of those seamen who choose to avail themselves
of it, may be accommodated with board and lodging, and medi-
cal advice, at a moderate charge, their characters be registered,
and where they may safely place their effects and money, which
may be drawn out as re•luired, interest being allowed on the
deposit, so that they may enjoy all the benefits resulting from a
saving bank.

When the sailor thus finds a value attached. to his moral
worth, and the fruits of his labour secured, it is confidently ex-
pected that his habits will improve, and that those possessing
characters at such an establishment for seamanship, sobriety,
and good conduct, will meet a preference in the best employ,
and thus create a distinction between the bad, good, and indif-
ferent, a point in which the shipowners and seamen are deeply
interested; and that the objections which may at first be raised
will soon give way, when the advantages to be derived become
apparent.
.‘ We are aware that the power of the Council to grant pecu-
niary aid is limited, and do not ask it, being confident of raising
a sum sufficient for erecting and fitting-up a building by au
appeal .to the public. The object we have in addressing you is,
to solicit a grant of a piece of Corporation ground, on which to
elect the building, to consult as to its site, and as to the ar-
rangements proposed, and we beg that your Finance Com-
mittee, or a Committee appointed for the purpose, will receive a
deputation from us for the further consideration of the subject.
(Signed) "JAMES AIKEN,
" Chairman of the Provisional Committee."

The resolutions referred to were as follows:

" At a highly respectable meeting of the merchants and ship-
owners, held at the Underwriters' Committee Room, on Friday,
the 22d instant, at two o'clock, for the purpose of considering
the expediency of establishing a Sailors' Home in Liverpool :
" John Cropper, jun., Esq., being called to the chair, the
following resolutions were unanimously carried:—
" Moved by George Grant, Esq., seconded by James Tyrer,
Esq.,—that it is desirable to establish in Liverpool a Sailors'
Florae, where seamen may be provided with board and lodgings
at a moderate charge, where they may find protection from the
present system of extortion to which they. are exposed, and
where means may be taken for improving their moral condition.
" Moved by James Aiken, Esq., seconded by Samuel Job,
Esq.,—that a provisional committee be now appointed, to con-
sist of sixteen gentlemen, with leave to add to their number,
together with a treasurer and secretary; five ma4mbers to form
a quorum, who shall obtain information as to the probable ex-
penses of a building and establishment for a Sailors' Home, use
their influence and exertion to obtain donations and subscrip-
tions, form a code of laws, and make a full report at a general
public meeting,c to be called as soon as practicable.
" The following gentlemen were then appointed on the com•
mittee :—Sir John Salusbury, John Cropper, jun., Esq.; Henry
Sandbar h, Esq.; Edward Cropper, Esq.; George Grant, Esq.;
Adam Hodgson, Esq.; L. Heyworth, jun.. Esq.; Thomas
Smith, Esq.; James Arkin, Esq.; Samuel Job, Esq.; John
Lewis Phipps, Esq.; H. C. Chapman, Esq.; Richard Harbord,
Esq. ; John Clint, Esq.; Joshua Edwards, Esq.; James Tyrer,
Esq.

" Charles Cutesworth; Esq., Treasurer.
" Wm. John Tomlinson, Secretary, pro tem."
The MA YOR said, perhaps the council would think it desirable
to refer to the finance committee.
The letter was then referred. •

The TOWN-cr.Eux said, it would be understood that there
would be the same legal difficulty as to a grant of land as to the
grant of money, and which made it necessary at the last session
to obtain powers, in their local act, to grant land to St George
Hall and the Mechanics' Institution.

Mr. Councillor EA RLE—fitri;4the act include powers of
making grants for other public buildings? He thought there
was a clause to that effect.

The TOWN-CLERK said, he would examine the act: he had an
impression that Mr. Earle was right.
Referred to the committee.
The MAYOR said the next was a letter from the Earl of Derby,
stating that he had just received the petition, for the total abo-
lition of slavery, from the Liverpool Town Council, but as it
might be some time betore be should again be in London, and
have an opportunity of presenting it, he thought it better to re..
turn it.

Mr. Councillor BLACKBURN begged to move that Lord
Brougham present the petition.
Mr..JoaDAN seconded the motion, which was unanimously
carried.

The MAYOR said he had received a letter from Lord Sandon,
acknowledging the receipt of the petition of the council against
slavery, and stating that he would take the earliest occasion of
presenting it. He had also received a letter from Mr. Cress-
well, stating that a professional engagement had called him to
Manchester, but if his colleague had not presented the petition
he would take care that it should be presented on Thursday
(yesterday.)
A communication was read from the Churchwardens of St.
Thomas's Church, requesting the council to refund the sum of
£4O, given for certain seats for the ministers of St. Thomas's
Church, which had been destroyed by the late alterations in the
church.—Referred to the Finance Committee.
A communication was read from the churchwardens of St.
Michael's Church, respecting the erection of a gallery for the
children of the churcfi.—Referred to the Finance Committee
to communicate with the Church Expenditure Committee, as to
the expediency of such a measure.
The TOWN-CLERK said he was directed by the Chairman of
the Borough Court and Court of Requests Committee to state
that they would proceed immediately to fill up the vacancies of
the two officers dismissed.
