;or the comments of the editor.

" Agreeably to.the vote of the town of Canaan, in the county
of Grafton and State of Hampshire, passed at a legal town

meeting holden on the 31st day of July last, the superintendent
appointed by said town to remove the Noyes Academy' pro-
ceeded at seven o'clock a.m. of the 10th instant to discharge
their duty, the performance of which they believe the interest
of the town, the honour of the state, and the good of the whole
community, both black and white, required without delay.
" At an early hour the people from this town and from the
neighbouring towns assembled, full of the spirit of '75, to the
nuinber of about three hundred, with between ninety and one

hundred yoke of gxen, and with all the necessary materials for
the completion of the undertaking. Many of the most respecta-
ble and wealthy farmers of this and the adjacent towns rendered
their assistance 3n the occasion.

Much credit is due to the patriotic and public spirited town

of Enfield for their prompt and efficient services."
What will the schoolmaster say to this ? The mean-
ing of it is, that in a certain- school, called " Noyes

Academy," a few black and coloured children to the
number of ten or twelve were taught their A B C, and
instructed to read a little. Thii was considered too great
an indulgence by the free people of the states. In their
estimation the chattel which is bought, sold, and bartered
has no right to read, or even learn the A B C ; and the
worthy and ‘,4 respectable citizens," conformablf with
this opinion, took their oxen and their hatchets, removed
the academy and conveyed it to a swamp, there to remain
a memorial of independence and liberty in the United
States?

At. Norfolk, in Virginia, the planters bad what is called
a" great meeting" on the 17th August, when they pub-
lished a -manifesto and a string of resolutions. The
manifesto contains the following clause :
"The people of the southern states will never deign to discuss
either with the incendiaries, the non-slave-holding states, the
government of the United States, or any 'other ibreign power,
the validity of their title to their slaves. To debate a question►
presupposes the doubt of its truth; and we shall never—no, never,
at any time, or under any circumstances admit, the', on this-
subject there exists even the shade of a shadow of doubt.
When asked by what right we retain this class of our popula-

Lion in bondage, we shall, like the chivalry of Scotland, on a
similar occasion, point to our swords. We shall scorn to ren-
der any other reply. Three millions of freemen, with arms in
their hands, may perish amidst- smouldering and bloody ruins
of their habitations, and the devastation of the land, by fire
and sword, but they never will tamely and voluntarily surren-
der five hundred millions of their wealth—they never will con-
sent, in an instant, and as if by magic, to reduce themselves,
their wives, and their children, from comfort and affluence,
to bankruptcy, beggary and wretchedness."

This is splendidly beautiful, but pretty considerably
nonsensical; the practical part of the address, however, is
much more rich and characteristic. Here it is :

"By the act of 1805, it was enacted that if any slave, there-
after emancipated, should remain within the commonwealth
more than twelve months after his or her right to freedom may
have occurred, he or she should forfeit all such right. An excep-
tion was, however, made in favour of infant slaves, who were
allowed a period of twelve months, after attaining the age of '2l
years. A large portion of the flee coloured people in this state
is believed to be embraced within the operation of this law. The
legislature cleatly foresaw, that among other mischiefs Which
would result from the permanent settlement of this class of per-
sons among us, that their enjoyment of rights and privileges of
which slaves must necessarily be debarred, would occasion dis-
satisfaction among the latter and render them more discontented
with their condition; it was also clearly foreseen, that from their
mingling freely with slaves, without awakening suspicion, they
might essentially aid in carrying into effect the bloody designs
of incendiaries. The time has now arrived when our safety de-
mands the strictenforcement of the salutary provisions of this act."
This, if acted upon, will settle the business, and put an
end to slavery in a week. War is declared not only
against the abolition party in New England, but against
the free people of colour residing in Virginia, • and who
possess property, carry on business, or Work as labourers
in that state. They.are to be removed like the school-
house in " the county of Grafton, in Hampshire," and
dragged into some adjacent swamp. But if removal ba
difficult, or inconvenient, these free coloured people arm
to be seized and sold as slaves by inch of candle. The,
men who sold them are to sell them again ; thus swin-
cluing them or their fathers in the first instance,.and rob-
bing them in the second. Will the northern states sane=
tion or wink at such barbarity. ? Will the. civilized na-
tions of Europe look on and see these poor and unoffend-
ing people thus made the sport of disgusting avarice, and
dragged from their homes as if they were wild beasts ?
The following are also rather interesting extracts :

"JUDGE LYNCH OF VIRGINIA,!—The following extract of a
letter from Cumberland may be relied on. The name of the
individual who suffered is not known :
" s CUMBERLAND, Aug. 12th, 1b35.--This gentleman who hits,
been so busy for the last four or five weeks in the south and
west, made his appearance in Farmville yesterday, and with his
usual promptitude proceeded to pass sentence upon a Mr.
accased of having held conversations of an in-
cendiary character with some of the blacks. In obedience to
the sentence a large number of the citizens of Farniville con-
ducted the culprit to a wood adjacent to the town and there
inflicted upon him the prescribed number of licks. It appears
that he had been preaching to the blacks in the neighbourhood,
was taken before Judge Madison, a justice of the peace, and
discharged for want of evidence ; but acknowledged that he
preached to negroes, although no authorized preacher. The
magistrate advised him to quit the place immediately and pro-
ceed northward, which advice he was attempting to put in exe-
cution, when he was seized and dealt with as aforesaid ! !' "
"A slip from the office of the Nashville Republican sta!e&
that a great excitement prevailed in that city in consequence
of the arrest of a young man by the name of Dresser, who, it was
said, had been disseminating tracts and pamphlets of a very
inflammatory character, in relation to slavery. Ho was car-
ried before the Committee of Vigilance, where a patient and
elaborate investigation took place. From the prisoner's papers,
correspondence, and statements, it appears that he was a mem"

BEPTEMERB 15, 1535.

h'D3sa.:e~stis~c:4 i

bet of. the Abolition Society in Ohio, and that be had been a
'eetatier of the Lane Seminary, Cincinnati. Flis Ostensible
object was the disposal of the Cottag's Bible;' but sufficient
"'deuce was adduced to prove him guilty of the charges under
‘lhich be had been arrested. His examination drew a ladle
(lewd of excited persons, who, but, for the firmness of the corn-
tilittee, would no doubt have proceeded to violent measures.
ii e .punished with the infliction of twenty stripes upon his
bare back, and ordered to leave the city.
"While the above examination was going on, another per-
-894 Was arrested on the same charges."
We have not a doubt that this unfOrtumte young man's
OillYelrence was selling" Cottage Bibles." He is only one
`'f many innocent men who have suffered, and of thou-
sauds who in all probability will suffer, under -rnob law,
As the subjoined park;rath will explain

• "THE AFFAIR AT FARMVILLR.—We hear with painful feel-
ings, that the individual Lynched at Farmville, was from the
strongest evidence not only innocent of any purpose of injury to
‘,? pro ode of the south, but a harmless, inoffensive and pious man!
feel for him, but we feel more for those who in a patriotic
dnt task and mistaken spirit, inflicted a severe and degrading
P"nisliment on an innocent man! If men of honour and km-
Zittl'tY, they must feel the deepest remorse, and should sue to
e wronged for forgiveness on their very knees."

'WS it ever is with the mob, but in what will it all,
'." ? Probably in a Ltivil war, but most unquestionably
n the slaveholders of the southern states losing the
whole or the greater part of their pioperiy. In the re-
-1):411e there are nearly two millions and a half of slaves.
0.106 is
'Ynow abolished in all those fainOus and fertile
I;(4nds belonging to England, which stood the Gulf of
''"iqo and the Spanish main, and are almost within
bight, but certainly within a fevidays' sail of the Cara-
-linas• Is it possible, then, to maintain slavery in Ame-
ri!ca When that country is the only civilized one, or par-
\'4llY civiliied one, in wbich it is allowed to prevail ?
say no. The axe has been laid to the root; the
l'nk and rnains!av are withered ; the whole must fall.
;`"ester pull trunk wand. br&nai-down at OtiCe', by some
11111)le and, asy process, than allow the tree to stand
until a storm comes, when fall it must, and probably
bury some "respectable citizens" under it. The Whig
r4irlistry of England have advised the king of ENGLAND
t l'aY in his speech, delivered only last week, and pro-
ably written by Lord BaouanAm, these remarkable
.

f I have concluded with Denmark, Sardinia, and Sweden
7sh
.9onventions calculated to prevent the traffic in African
:1,"8 I hope soon to receive the ratification of a similar treaty
has been signed with Spain. lam engaged in negocia-
-1 the
with other Powers in Europe and in South America for
a"; same purpose, and I trust that ere long the united efforts of
e4ilized nations will suppress and extinguish this traffic."

What is meant by "traffic in African slaves ?" The
'hues of the United States are " African slaves." They
are cLs much "African slaves" as it they had been brought
last session
the coast of Guinea only last year, or during the
session of congress, and his Majesty appeals to "all
nations," assuming America to be a "civilized"
I:iati", as to .the justice and necessity of suppressing
avc-rY• Will the AmeriCans take the hint ? Not yet;
b tit there is a day coming, and not now remots.i, when
si al'erY will suppress itself.

The doors of the House of Commons being now shut
against the Irish mendicant, for, BELAMY'S. being closed,
and the library and smoking room being locked up, he
has no place of shelter in London—this being the case,
o CONNELL has commenced a tour of agitation in Eng-
and and Scotland. This is something new, to say the
least of it ; but at whose cost does this fellow travel?
~
rtainly not at his own. Whinle is in his own coun-
try he takes care to tax the bones and sinews—the rags
and Potatoes of the poor wretches whom he calls his
eclintrymen, for every word he utters and every speech
l li'''. makes in the Saxon parliament. He never yet in
the
course of his despicable life did anything fur nothing,
and hundreds of times has he pocketed the fees of foolish
clients without ever appearing in court-to protect their
interests or save them -f(om being hanged. This being
S
the
with DANIRL, of which' many a poor victim feels
ttle consequences, we may take for granted that he has
at visited Manchester at his own expense, and that
,It
ewcastle, Edinburgh, atid
.Glasgow only see in
11rn a man hired to calumniate the institutions of the
two, countries. The secret service money ! Aye, that
is the fund out of which the hirc.of post chaises and ta-
vern bills must be paid. The people of England are at
thiB moment compelled to furnish the means to enable
this rogue and vagabond to slander their king, their
church, their nobles, and all that they esteem noble,
4°od, and venerable ! Some men must be made respon-
:ble for this ere long ; there must be a terrible reaction,
for
a just but severe. punishment—when, we leave
r future consideration, being for the present satisfied
that no conspiracy againit our religion can possibly suo-
Zed, and that all who are parties to it must, even in the
adew of tileir transitory existence, be brought to ac-
(441.t., and made fearful examples of to succeeding ge-

aerations.
. .
In other points of view, in reference to• the effects of
t conspiracy against the rights and religion of protes-
nts, we see nothing "to alarm•us. On the contrary we
rather rejoice.that 'O'CoNNELt4 has, under bad advice, fur
k
:41 objects, made his appeal. to the people of England
eld Scotland. lie carries with him wherever he goes
v
shine of popery, the .beast-marks of idolatry and in-.
jainiY, which, thank GOD, are universally detested in this
:4nd- He dares not show his face in a really English
°vvtl• We dare him to present his contemptible person
i
anY place which has not for.its rabble a herd of Irish
Papists. He has no auxiliaries in England but hedge
Pilests, located here but reared in Ireland, and the poor
%eurn of hodmen; tincan-men, and the slaves of the fac-
ttries, who, with their wives and daughters, are weekly
Plundered and held in subjection by their father confes-
'rs• Why does he not come to Liverpool ? A spoon-
" Ill of an attorney, or some such thing, has reckoned the
eatholics of this town, by a curious process of calculation
that would puzzle St: DUNSTAN, if he were alive, at
eventy thousand souls. A Maynooth bred priest, the
the
day, at one of the mass houses of the south end of
tile town, reiterated the estimate, and told his people that
clieY Were seventy thousand. Why, then, (ies not
.CONNELL come here ? No, that would be leaping into
'lie lion's mouth. He knows that we have at, least four
Lthousand freemen who would:make very queer " cross
°Nles" of his seventy thouiand and himself. The' beg.
gar knows better than to itin-ady risks. In'Manchester
tir is safe, because Manchester can hardly- be called au
town. The tories'who live there are_slow going
414ebiuea. A liberal diseount of five per cent from their.
Pliociples, for ready money, would reduce most-of them to
the rank of whigs. They have-no attachments which bind
tilealte.the church, .the corporations, or the crown. The
:Pinning jenny gives a twist to their creed. The shuttle
'rusts itself into meshes which meet in • a convenient
medium by reciprocal elevation and depression. They
are gleaned from so many parts of• the empire that pa-
bi°tism becomes a question of profit, and-principle is re-
gulated by mystical numbers appertaining to qualities
which they themselves only understand. The Irish GUY
I Au' is consequently safe in such a place, because he
a secret influence over an Irish population, composed
N. the dregs of society, which is too ignorant to be ca-
iable of 'appreciating the blessings of independence, and
the
right of private . judgment which every protestant
"glishman and Scotsman considers to be his birth-right.
Wretched, indeed, mast that government be which
relies upon the.support of such a man—whose existence
depends
upon his stniles—and whose needy adherents
look tip to him for their bread !- But wretched is not the
only term applicable here. Mad and desperate must the
ministry be who imagine that O'CONNELL can revive
agitation, and regain for them in the English and Scot-
' rsh provinces that popularity which tiley save lost for
ever. Of all the public men of Wee& gt‘ikring times
CONNELL is the very worst and moat iiwkompAtent per-
so4 that they could have selected as Oleir ;missionary.
The
people of this country, though they loy,e ,oratory to
a certain extent, ire at the same time great Admirers of
Plain good sense delivered to them in few words. They
Utterly despise bombast; and they have a lively con
'erupt for twaddle. They fiercely hate the hypocritical
Pretender, and they, above all things, abhor honied
7"c'rcls coming from the lips of a jesOit—from a rank
)1/-pot swinger of an idolatrous church, who lives upon

the pretended wrongs of his countrymen. The people of
Englind see in O'CONNELL-

" The master FIEND that-Milton drew"

—one who, in every step towards reform, has malignantly;
trampled upon the rights and Franchises of the working,
classes, professing to be their friend, but openly opposing
every measure of a benevole9 nature calculated to pro-
vide a legal maintenance for the pauper population of
Ireland, which tie and the priests rob. _ _

What claims has OCYCONNELT, on any portion of the
people of England and Scotland? He is of a creed which
brings to recollection the darkest and foulest periods.
in our history, and his real object is to regain for popery
that ascendancy in these islands which our fathers were,
obliged to crush in defence of their lives and liberties.
He professes to plead the cause of Ireland, and he is paid
for so disguising the plundering schemes of his employ-
ers; but the only cause he pleads in reality is that of the
priests, who tremble at the present changes in public
opinion, and who are alarmed lest they should be de-
prived of the power of extorting money from the poor,
of the rich income arising from masses for the dead—
from absolution—from stations, and all the mummeries
and impositions of a debasing creed. It is to keep
" ould popery" upon its legs that the mendicant pleads
the cause of Ireland.

But even if Ireland had anything to expect from an
appeal to the people of Engtand and Scotland,,is O'CoN-
ivELL exactly' qualified to promote such an object? He
can talk in tlie'vulgar tongue for any length of time ; he
can abuse the noble and great in terms as filthy as the
pig-stye in which he was born; lie can indulge in gloWing
and heart-rending descriptions of the misery Which be
and his crew have produced, without having the honesty
to confess it; but with all this show of talent he must
Pail is creating any effect, simply because no man can
believe a single-word O'CONNEL' I) utters. The man has
lied through steh a series -t)f years.--he has been so re-
peatedly convicted of falsehood—that it is impossible to
place any safe.reliance on his word, even though fettered
by the most sacred obligations.

Is this a missionary then to send to the moral and re-
ligious people of the North ? Even in his public letters
his dishonesty and his hedge-attorneyship are glaring.
He denies in his letter to the Duke of WELLINaroN that
he ever was convicted of a misdemeanour. The dexterity
of the lawyer is here mixed with the cunning of the
thief. I was not found guilty of larceny, argues the
beggar, I only committed an assault—with intent ! I
did not rob a hen-roost iu. England,. it was in Berwick-
upon-Tweed ! We give him the benefit of his quibble.
But this is the fellow who flings his garbage at the
Duke of WELLINGTON, at—

" The foremost man of all the world,"
and who threatens to abolish the House of Lords.
Hownro Dukeof Norfolk, what think you of this popish
minion ? That religion must be a fraud which has such
a man for its champion and oracle.

We are grateful for all mercies 1 The House of Com-
mons have been relieved from "further attendance," a
gracious promise which we trust his Majesty will be ena-
bled to keep, and the " tail" are sent home by waggon
and the steerage of steamers just in time for the potato
crop.

But every true Englishman, grateful though he be,
must still lament to see such empty fustian thrust into
the King's mouth by his Whig ministers—and called a
speech from the throne. His Majesty thanks the corn-
irons for " the readiness with which you voted the sup-
plies," which supplies the said commons had threatened
to stop three or four days previous to the prorogation I
The King is made to se, that he receives from "alt
foreign powers satisfactory assurances of their desire to
maintain with me the most friendly understanding,"
while at this very moment Lord DURHAM is sneaking up
the Black Sea towards Russia under the disguise of a
steam-boat, RUSsia having preViously insulted Lord
DURHAM'S 111mriEtt by refusing him a passage in a ship
of war!

The country is next complimented upon its "flourishing
credit," inasmuch as ministers have been enabled to ob-
tain a loan of fifteen millions, which, though contracted for,
is not paid, and perhaps never will.
It is,-indeed; a rare speech, take it altogether.

EXTRAORDINARY MURDER ON THE HIGH

SEAS.

We have been favoured, by the Messrs. Heyworthrtnd
Co., of Liverpool, with the following particulars of a
murder cOtnruitted onboard one of their ships while pur-
suing her voyage off the coast of Java :--

MESSRS. HEY WORTH AND CO., LIVERPOOL, PER DORTENAAR.
Batavia, 18th April, 1835.
Dear Sirs,—We beg to confirm our respects of 11th instant,
and we have now the painful task to inform you of a murderous
attack made upon the crew of your good ship Rossendale, by
which two men lost their lives, and one was severely wounded.
For particulars we refer you to the enclosed copy of Captain
Ware's letter to us, and of the statement of the whole occur-
rence testified by the ship's company. The causes which may
have led to this disaster are enveloped in such mystery that we
really cannot account for them, unless we were to attribute
them to intoxication by Opium, and that the murderer in this state
has, what is called in this part of the world, run a muck. It is
no uncommon occurrence on shore that natives, after having
indulged in opium to excess, run out in a state of frenzy with a
weapon in hand, and kill or wound any living object that comes
in their way.
Captain Ware apparently has continued bis voyage to China,
and, now that the monsoon seems to have fairly changed, we
hope soon to hear of his safe arrival. .
We have nothing new to report in markets, and we remain,
dear sirs, yours faithfully,
PITCAIRN, SYME, tz Co.

(Copy.)
MESSRS. PITCAIRN,. STINE, AND CO., BATAVIA.
Barque Rossendale, off North Coast Java,
April 9th, 1835.
Gentlemen,-As we have fallen in with the Dutch ship
Netherlands, King, bound to your port, 1 have to inform you,
that on the 4th instant, about eleven o'clock p.m., an Arab ship,
which sailed with us from the Straits of Madeira bound to Ba-
tavia, came so close to us that with some difficulty we cleared,
but one of his crew, a Malay, got on board by climbing up the
ropes forward. He implored mercy, and begged to be allowed
to remain on board, which we could not well avoid, as the ship
had separated.
On the 6th in the morning, about two o'clock, we were thrown
in consternation by hearing the crew running aft, and calling
out that "the Malay,was stabbing the crew." One man had re-
ceived three woonds in the arm, and two boys lying life-
less, one having his, throat cut in a most dreadtul manner, and
the other stabbed ,to the heart. The fellow, finding that the
crew were on the alert, threw himself into the sea, but no vessel
was near, and the-ship eighty miles from land. We cannot
imagine what could induce the murderer to commit such an hor-
rid deed,.as he, had been treated with the greatest kindness by
the whofe
1 ynerely write to you in case any thing should occur in-Bata
via respecting that ship. 1. ain.ignorapt of•the name. -She
maybe about 450 tons, commanded by an Arab captain, and
sailed from Port Banka the Ist 'instant.
I had the pleasure of enclosing my letters to you from Soura-
haya:and heg'ypn will please to seal them, and forward them
by the first conveyance.—.l remain, gentlemen, your most obe-
dient servant, S. .
(Signed) . JOHN WAR.E.

(Copy.)
We, the undersigned master, officers, 4ind crew of the barque
Rossendale, do declare; that on Monday, April 6th, 1835, at two
a.m., we were disturbed from our sleep by our seaman John
Luse running aft, and calling out tbat he had been stabbed by.
the black Malay who had come on board from the Arab ship on
the 4th instant. When we came to him, he was on the poop
bleeding profusely from three wounds in his tight shoulder. He
said that, while lying asleep on the forecastle, he was awakened
by a person stabbing him in the arm, and before he could de-
fend himself that he hid received two other stabs in the arm;
but he no sooner got on Nis feet than he saw the Malay'run from
him, and jump overboard from the larboard cathead. We all
commenced a strict search, when we discovered that the Malay
had murdered two of our crew, John Mean, ordinary seaman,
and Francis Richardson, apprentice. The boy Richardson.was
on the starboard side of the quarter-deck, who had no doubt
come aft to raise an alarm, but, having had the windpipe cut
through and a deep. stab in the left breast, he was not able to
call out, and must have died with loss of blood instantaneously.
John Mean had his throat cut in a most dreadful state, a piece.
apparently being'scooped out of,his neck, so that he must have
died as soon as the deed bad been committed. We found on
the forecastle on the larboard side, about where John Lax last
saw the Malay,- a knife covered with blood belonging to one of
the seamen, a long sharp-pointed pocket-knife, and that was the
instrument that the Malay must have committed the murders
with, as the breadth of the blade was exactly the size of the
wounds on John Lax's shoulder. We at daylight made another
search, but could find no trace of the murderer, nor has he been
seen since. John Lax saw him jump overboard, so that he
must have drowned himself is our supposition. As there was
no boat or vessel of any sort in sight at the time, we cannot
form any idea what could have been his motive for so outrage-
ous an act. There had been no quarrel between him and any
other person, but, on the contrary, be had always been used
with the greatest kindness by everyone since he came on board,
which was on the 4th instant in a very singular manner. A
large Arab ship that left Sourabaya the same time that we did,
and which, we understand, was hound to Batavia, at about half
past five p.m. stood across our bows on the starboard tack, we
being on the larboard, the wind W.S.W. It came on rather
squally, so that we clewed up our topgallant sails, and the Arab,
who was now to windward, and under the same sail, hauled her
courses up, and let her topsails run down on the cap, although
the squall was not heavy, nor had it a threatening-appearance.
After the squall bad passed, she wore and set her topsails again,
and made alb sail. Being a light ship, and there being little
wit 4 stra s,at 4.07 w three miles ahead of 1.1'3 about eleven p.m.,
