CORONER'S INQUESTS.

Inquisitions have been taken before Robertson Gladstone,
Esq. one of the Bailiffs and Coroners for this Borough', as
uncler, viz.:— _ _

DRAM DRINKING--On Tuesday last, touching the death of
Hannah Chardon, shopkeeper. at Bevington-bush. The de-
ceased, it appeared, was much addicted to drinking spirituous
liquors. On Saturday night last, she was left asleep on the
floor of the shop in a state of intoxication, and on Sunday at
noon she was 'found in the same place lifeless. On Moliday
Mr. Lockwood, Surgeon, opened and examined the stomach
of the deceased, and deposed that he was of opinion that death
was caused by excessive drinking of spirituous liquors.—Ver-
diet, accordingly.
MELANCHOLY ACCIDENT.—On the same day, touching the
death of William Capper, on Saturday evening last, about five
o'clock, the deceased was working in the counting-house of Mr.
Anderson, when he fell from a scaffold which was not more
than seven feet high. Unfortunately he pitched upon his head
whereby the vertebrae of his neck were separated. He was
sensible when taken up, though the power of motion was en-
tirely lost to him. He lingered till four o'clock on Monday
and maintained command of his reasoning faculties to the last
moment. The deceased was 27 years of age, and has left
a wife and three children to deplore his loss. It was stated that
the deceased was heard to call out very loud; which caused a
fellow-workman, (Charles Bromley) who was employed below,
to go up stairs, and he found him lying on the second floor • he
said he had fallen from the scaffold with his head upon the floor,
and that he could not move either his arms or legs, he was to
ken home in a coach, and attended by Dr. Weatherill, who says
he treated his case in the manner which he thought"necessary,
and had no doubt that the cause of his death arose from the
fall having injured the brain and spinal marrow.—Verdict, Ac-
cilental.—lt is somewhat remarkable that the only brother of
the above William Capper, was killed about ten years ago by a
fall from one of the warehouses destroyed by the fire on Mon-
day night. •
ACCIDENT AT THE FIRE.—AIso the same day, on view of
a man, whose name is unknown.—At four o'clock on Tuesday
morning, the deceased was standing with many others, looking
at the fire at the bottom of Union-street, when a large mass of
the wall of one of the houses on fire, fell and knocked him down
to the ground. In about three minutes he was extricated from
the ruins, but lifeless. The 'skull on the back part of the head
was fractured; his right arm was nearly separated from his body,
and his right foot crushed almost from his leg.—Verdict, ac-
cidental.

ANOTHER FATAL CAETION TO SPIRIT DRINKERS.—Yester
day, touching the death of John Hickey. The deceased, a man
abOut 37 years of age, was a bricklayer, living in Oxford-street;
and, on Monday afternoon, with a companion, was walking in

the Clarence Dock, when their attention was drawt to several
persons who were sucking whiskey through a cane, from the
bung-hole of a puncheon of whiskey that lay open on the quay.
[Where were the police, excise-people, customs'-people, ship-
pers or lenders of the cargo, to which this cask belonged ? in
fine, how did it happen that the cask should have escaped every
one but the pilferers 1 The deceased and his companion.
joined, and sucked also for a considerable time, each in his
turn, three times over, and on reaching the outside of the dock-.
gates, about half-past four o'clock, the deceased became unable
to walk without support. His companion, seeing another man
passing whom he knew, obtained his assistance, and together
they conducted the deceased towards home, as far as Chisen-
hale-street Bridge, where his companion became quite insen-
sible from drunkenness, and on awaking the next morning
found himself in bed at home, without, however, the slightest
knowledge of the means by hich he got thither. He was un-
able to rise from his bed all the day, but about six o'clock in
the evening contrived to get up and went to see his friend,
whom he found in a dying state, (his death took place in about
ten minutes afterwards.) In the mean time the stranger car-
ried the deceased home on his back, where some neighbours
assisted his wife in putting him to bed. Thinking he would
sleep off the effects of the liquor in the course of the night, his
wife did not deem it necessary to call in medical assistance, but
finding him continue in the same state of helplessness and in-
sensibility through the next forenoon, she became alarmed, and
applied at the dispensary for assistance. Mr. Shepherd, one
of the assistant house surgeons, in consequence called to see
him, and found him in a state of stupor, and learning that it
was from being drunk on the night before, he considered it
useless then to make use of the stomach pump, but ordered
such medicines as he judged the most proper in the case. These,
however, did not operate, and death ensued a little after six
o'clock on Tuesday evening, the patient not having spoken or
opened his eyes from the time of his being brought home the
day before. Verdict—Died from drinking to excess of ardent
spirits.

Stn,—From the various reports in circulation, I feel myself
tolled upon respectfully to contradict the account published in
yesterday's Standard, and this day's Courier, relative to the
late calamitous fire; the former stating, "it commenced, we
understand, in the paint store of Messrs. Croston, New Quay;"
the latter, " it is generally believed that the flames first made
their appearance in a paint shop in Bath-street." Being the
Party alluded to, (and unfortunately a sufferer to a considerable
amount, not being insured,) I beg to inform you that the fire
tommenoed in an office (as stated in the Times) separated
from my store by a brick wall, and that the rooms immediately
over the one occupied by me, were seen, by numerous bystan-
ders, enveloped in flames some time before the devouring ele-
ZOent extended to mine.

Relying upon your impartiality for the insertion of the above
in the next Standard, I am, sir, yours, &c.

Burlington-street, Jan. 16, 1833.

T. CROSTON, Jun.

FIRE POLICE.

TO THE WORSHIPFUL. THE MAYOR AND COMMON
COUNCIL OF LIVERPOOL.

GENTLEMEN,—The annexed letter of the 7th December, 1831,
Was submitted to several members of the Common Council
about that period and subsequently, but for reasons which it is
here unnecessary to explain, I was requested to postpone the
()facial delivery of it tq the Mayor, although the Gentlemen to
Whom the copy was shewn were pleased to sanction the sugges-
tions with their approbation, and to promise their co-operation
Whenever there was a probability that the Plan would be
earned into effect. The alarming fire in Fenwick-street shortly
after occurred, on the 22d December, 1831; and on the night of
zhe 14th and 15th January, 1833, the still more destructive con-
flagration in Bath-street and Lancelot's Hey, has caused losses
that will probably render the constituted bodies of the Town
and the Public at large alive to their future safety.. Under this
iinpression I have taken the liberty of transmitting the present
enclosure for your consideration, in the hope that ere long an
ample supply of water may be always available when the Town
Is visited with au alarm of Fire. I have the honour to remain,
Gentlemen, your very obedient servant,
12, Roscommon Street,Evertonq THOMAS MOOR E.
16th Jan. 1833.

" TO THE WORSHIPFUL THE MAYOR AND COM.,IION

COUXCIL OF LIVERPOOL.

GENTLEMEN,—I beg leave, respectfully, to submit to you,
that from past experience it is notorious to what great danger
and hazard the Exchange Buildings are exposed, from fire, as
Fell as the surrounding premises, from the inattention or in-
advertency of the numerous individuals employed in them, fre-
quently at late hours; also, from spontaneous ignition, arising
trona various causes, the origin of which it is not now important
14) explain.
To obviate these dangers, and to diminish their dire effects,
should they again occur, also to point out several other
im-
Portant advantages to the town, is the purport of the present
later.
It is well known, although we have two highly respectable
Water companies, who are competent and willing to furnish wa-
ter on any emergency, when application is made to them, that
't requires, especially in the night, so much time to supply the
wins, and to set the fire-engines to work, that a conflagration
4 Often at its height before a sufficient supply of water can be
Procured, and the premises are burnt down in spite of the
quantity subsequently thrown upon them.
On looking around for a remedy for this evil, the superfluous
°raters under the controul of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal
Company present themselves as an almost inexhaustible supply,
41Ways ready, without expense, supported by a pool extending
from the end of Oldhall-street, (about 450 yards from the north
°f the Exchange-buildings,) to Apply lock, upwards of twenty-
t;itle miles in length, and filled by the water brought from the
Lancaster Canal, at Kirkless, and the River Douglas, which,
ill 1830, by an accurate calculation, amounted to 11,485,935
,t4l4s, (or 15,253,567 cubic yards,) equal to 31,468 tons per day,
',all per hour, or 21 tons per minute.
This valuable surplus of water now runs waste over the weirs
4t Apply, Parbold, Leathom, Hallsal, Lydiate, Aintree, Ne-
therton, Bootle, and opposite the Leeds and Liverpool Canal
(:)ffice.
To divert the overflows would be a work of little trouble or
sapence, a previous arrangement having been made with the
Leeds and Liverpool Canal Committee, whose permission, there
le little doubt, might be obtained on reasonable terms by a pro-
per application to them at either of their general meetings held
11 April and September in each year.
From the elevation of the top water of the canal, which is ap-
parent by the annexed list of levels, (taken bythe most compe-
'eat engineers,) the overflowings might be conveyed in pipes
Byer a considerable portion, probably two-thirds of the town,
11)(1 along the whole of the dock quays.
These pipes might be constantly kept full of water, and im-
mediately available in event of fire.
,ty plugs ju
kennels for the cleansing of them, or watering the
te
recta as high as

40 yards up Richmond-row.
100 yards up Shaw's-brow.
40 yards below the top of Ranelagh-street,
Duke-street, opposite Suffolk-street, &c.,
And all the lower levels to low water-mark.
Also, to scour the large sewers now under construction, which
blight be most eligibly done at low water, when a fall of sixty-
-54e feet takes place from the top water of the Leeds and Liver-
-1)()01 Canal to the level of the lowest low water of neap tides.
rs It is stated by the Commissioners of Highways, that it will
tuire an expenditure of £BOO per annum to water the streets,
ll
141 that only in a partial manner.
,If the Leeds and Liverpool Canal waters were conveyed
;urcatgli them, considerable labour might be saved in the pump-
htbg of water from the docks into the tun carts used for this
'lldose.
the area of the Exchange•buildiugs might be watered as fre-
011tly in the day as will be found requisite, the level of the
upper surface of it being several feet below the top water.
1,14 Would contribute essentially to the beauty and health of the
i *ll, if fountains were placed in suitable situations, [as is done
it Paris, which is ornamented with sixty, chiefly supplied from
tt: canal of the Ourcq,) where the levelswould answer; for in-
ilee, there might be one in front of the new Custom-house,
niu
x, g the west, or any of the quays in the vicinity of the docks,
4t7eh are all more than twenty mine feet below the leveL These
.‘,l.ll)llnded by reservoirs, similar to that of the fountain, street
c Martin, (Boulevard St. Martin, Paris,) would be worth at-
-444011 in LiverpooL The form is circular, the ornaments
(1118, materials granite and bronze. These would answer for
iie watering of horses employed on the quays, or cattle just
41,4(1, and waiting to be driven to the various markets.
1,11 b 0 threatened invasion of cholera suggests another very im
Tlttard purpose which may be served by this abundant supply
W4ter• It is well known how much filth of every description
p
teases the ravages of this terrible scourge, as well as of every
palter epidemic disease ; and on that principle' the water cora-
14ties of London have, on the recommendation of the Central
;i 11 of Health, most liberally supplied water from their mains
ytt the purpose of washing the most crowded streets and lanes
we metropolis, as one of the best means of preventing the
A

Paradise-street, and the Quays, in the event of such an epidemic
appearing among us.
_ _

1 he abominable and noisome stench arising from the slaugh-
ter-houses in Harrington-street, &c., might be much abated, if
not entirely removed, by a constant current of fresh water pass-
ing through them ; or in case new abattoirs were erected, it
would be Well worth the attention of the corporation to avail
themselves of this supply, as is effectually done in the large es-
tablishment of a similar description at the end of Rue Roche-
chouart Montmartre, Paris, which is 1074 feet long, by 384 in
depth, and is watered by sluices from the Canal de I'Ourcq, so
efficaciously, that on entering it the stranger perceives no dis-
agreeable smell; he witnesses no disgusting sight; and often
he would not suspect the purpose to which the building is de-
voted.

The foregoing hints and observations are referred, with all
deference, to the mature consideration of the common council,
and to the public at large : if, by a combination cif their efforts,
the risk of fire may be diminished, and the salubrity of the
town permanently benefitted, it will be a pleasing reflection and
gratification to him who has the honour to subscribe himself,
Gentlemen, your very obedient servant,
12, Roscommon-street, Everton, THOS. MOORE.
Dec. 7, 1831.

LEEDS AND LIVERPOOL DATUM.

Top water of the said Canal,
40 Yards up Richmond-row.
100 Yards up Shaw's-brow.
40 Yards below the Top of Ranelagh-street.
Duke-street, opposite Suffolk-street.
St. James-srreet, by Bridgwater-street.
The first Pool of the Canal extends from the Ba-
sin at Liverpool, to the Loch at Apply, 29 miles
75 chains.
Ft. Ins.

, ~.-
0 =',o"

a)
0 ;.s.
r— L,)
scci
_0

• c
ft2.l
r

7 0 Castle-street south, front of the Exchange.
13 0 Scotland-rd, opposite the Porter Brewery.
22 5 Bottom of Shaw's-brow.
29 03 Coping Stone of the Princes Dock.
29 74 Pavement in Bath-street.
35 0 Bottom of Duke-street.
37 0 Bottom of Mersey-street and Park-lane.
56 7 Sill of the Old Dock-gates.
61 1 03 Level of the lowest Low Water Mark of
Neap Tides in the Years 1819, 1820, 1821.
65 4 03 Level of the average Low Water Mark of
Spring Tides in 1819, 1820, and 1821."

FOREIGN AND BRITISH SLAVE LABOUR.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

Sir,—lt is at present the fashion to attack and calumniate our
West India Planters, because the commercial interests and
policy of this country first invited, protected, and induced them
to become slave-proprietors, for the purpose of cultivating such
produce in these colonies as the wants of Great Britain required,
that could net, indeed I fearlessly assert cannot, be obtained in
anything like sufficient quantity from any other quarter.
This disposition assumes various garbs, and is influenced by
mixed motives :—some who are desirous to be thought better and
more humane than their neighbours, yet, who do not hesitate to
sacrifice their moral obligations by denying the just claims of
the Planters, cry out loudly for the immediate emancipation of
the Negroes, although without personal experience, ignorant of
the complicated nature of the subject, the difficulties with
which it is surrounded, and reckless of the mass of evil and de-
struction it would inevitably draw down alike on the Planters
and their people ! Another portion whe wish to be considered
still more pre-eminently good and conscientious, abstain from
the use of sugar made in these colonies, and profess to submit
to privation, by using as a substitute au inferior, weak, soft de-
scription, more like a compound of sugar and rice-flour, than
the pure juice of the cane, imported from Bengal, because they
are told it is produced by free labour, made by the feeble Ilin-
doos, slaves in all but the name, worked to the limit of their
strength under ruthless task-masters, who reward them with
wages only sufficient to sustain life for the purposes of returning
labour ! In comparison with which the West India Negro,
though a slave in name, lives in ease, comfort, and abundance!
But my present object is to draw the attention of your readers
to a fact, which I rather think it will require all the art and
address of these slave emancipators, to reconcile with their
doctrines, so as to justify their conduct and claims.
Whilst they repudiate slavery in our colonies, and a portion
of them abstain from using their produce, yet, at the same time
they give the most decided and direct encouragement to slavery
in the United States and the Brazils, by their universal use and
consumption of the cottons of these countries, which are alto-
gether the fruits of slave labour :—let them account for and ex-
plain this fact; let them reconcile it and be consistent if they
can, whilst I do not hesitate to assert that it is impossible to
do so.

It will not be an answer for them to tell me that these are
foreign countries, where we have no power or means to inter-
fere with their governments, or influence them to abandon or
extinguish slavery, whilst their conduct, voluntary and unsolicited,
is giving the most direct and decided encouragement to that
state of slavery, by their unhesitating use and general con-
sumption of clothes of every description the fruits of its labour!
If then they abstain from the use of sugar, influenced by pure
and laudable motives, why should not the same feeling extend
itself equally to cotton dresses ? But the truth is, to do so
would prove troublesome and inconvenient; the substitutes,
whether of silk, woollen, or linen fabrics, would draw too hea-
vily upon their purses, which causes the conscience to be more
pliable !

It is well known that the great capital and interests of this
country, are deeply involved in the manufacture of cotton,
which affords employment for many hundred thousands of indi-
viduals; whilst cotton was produced in quantity in,our own
colonies, not a word was heard in these districts-hostile to slave
labour, but now that this is no longer the case, their anathemas
are poured out against the growers of the sugar-cane and coffee-
tree ! It would be rather curious to see a meeting called and
held in Manchester, fur the purpose of taking measures to
effect the general abolition of slavery, and a motion made to
begin by striking at its root, with a resolution that they should
abandon the use and manufacture of cotton, because it gives the
most direct and unqualified encouragement to slavery, and at
present actually affords employment, mach of it under severe
and harsh treatment, to near three millions of slaves in the
United States and the Brazils, many of them lately imported
into the latter country from Africa, and where (Brazils) the
trade is still illicitly carried on. I much fear that, as number
one, self-interest, would be rather too deeply and seriously im-
plicated in such a proposition and result, that the attendance
would be mighty small! Yet we all know that if there were no
receivers of stolen goods, there would be no thieves—if there
were no spinners, weavers, and wearers of cotton, there would
be no slave-growers; let those then who crowd meetings where
the object is to destroy the British interests and slave population
of our own colonies, in which they have no property or direct interest
to rafter by it, ponder and lay it to heart ; let them remove the
mote from their own eyes before they attempt to look for the
beam in their neighbour's.—Yours, &c.
15th Jan. 1833. MERCATOR.

LORD BLAYNEY.—We rejoice to find that not only is there
uo truth in the report published in some a the Dublin papers
of the death of the above nobleman, but that his Lordship
is now better in health than he has been flit some time past—,
Newry Telegraph.

they ought in kindness and justice to consider how far they
contribute to its imputed faults themselves. When they
talk of the inequalities of its revenues, for instance, and the
extreme poverty of its lower benefices, they ought to consider
that that poverty is in great measure owing to the lay impro-
priators. The lay owner of Birkenhead holds the tithes, and
pays the officiating Minister £lB a year. The lay impropriator
of Upton, in Wirral, pays the officiating Minister £4 a year.
These individuals cannot, of course, be legally called upon to
augment the benefices which they thus impoverish, but still less
can they, in justice, call upon the eccleciastical incumbents of
other benefices to do so. By what law of equity is the incum-
bent of Winwick to be called upon to contribute to the support
of a Minister, whose duty it is to preach the gospel to the
tenants of the owner of Birkenhead, whose spiritual wants
were provided for by that endowment which now goes to swell
the rent roll of a non-resident layman ? The same mode of
reasoning will, to a limited extent, apply to the complaints
which are made as to the conduct of the clergy. A corrupt
patronage, says Dr. Chalmers, has caused the evil eye with
which the Clergy are viewed. Had all the Clergy been men
of conscience, their rights would have been more respected.
Who then, in his estimation, are to blame, that the Clergy are
not men of conscience ? The corrupt patrons. And who are
the corrupt patrons ? Out of 11,342 benefices, 7'2,68 are in the gift
bf private lay patrons, and the remaining 4074 which are in the
patronage of the Crown, Bishops, Deans, Chapters, Colleges,
Sce., are all, except the Colleges and charitable establishments,
virtually in lay patronage, because the Bishopricks and Dean-
eries are in the gift of the Crown, and the livings in episcopal
patronage may therefore be said, in some measure, to depend
upon the Crown also. At any rate, however, 7268 livings are
in direct lay patronage, 900 livings in the gift of the Chancellor,
some one or two hundred in the gift of the Premier, and all
the Bishopricks and Deaneries are in his gift ! If, then, the
Clergy are incompetent, who are the prime causers of the in-
competency ? Surely the patrons. If the Prime Minister,
for reasons of state, prefers incompetent Bishops and Deans;
if the lay patrons present their benefices to incompetent clergy-
men, no reform can mend the Church.

"The efficiency of the church," says the Bishop of Chester,
in the appendix to his last charge, " depends much less upon
the perfection of the system, than the character of its Ministers.
The commutation of tithes, the improvement of small livings,
the abolition of pluralities, however desirable, would not in so
great a degree advance the interests of religion, as those inte-
rests would be injured by the admission of a very few individuals
into the ministry, who might be unfaithful to their trust, or in-
competent to discharge it. To the usefulness of a faithful minis-
ter little could be added by legislative measures! No legislative
measures can confer usefulness on a different character, or make
instrumental to the edification of the people, one who is indo-
lent in his habits, impracticable in his temper, unscriptural in
his doctrine, or whose life. contradicts the principles of his reli-
gion." How the abuses of a corrupt patronage may be remedied
it is difficult to devise. Popular elections would augment the
evil; the increasing force of public opinion may diminish it:
and if a system of discipline were established to prevent the
possibility of gross scandal, the just influence of the church
might be restored to its legitimate purpose, the religious instruc-
tion of the nation.

Rational church reform may be confined to the following
heads :—the restriction of pluralities—the relief of the poorer
clergy—the enforcement of residence—the restoration of disci-
pline—the adequate supply of ministers to promote the religious
education of the poor in' pOpulous parishes—the adjustment of
tithes, and all such alterations in the' liturgy and ceremonies of
the church, as the altered manners and habits of the people may
require; and if these points are temperately handled, the just
expectations of moderate .men may be fulfilled, and the unrea-
sbnable clamours of disaffection silenced and subdued. The
people of England will do well to demand such an eccle'siastical
system, as will provide them with an efficient ministry for their
religious education; but they will be miserably blind to their
own interests, if they give up their state establishment of reli-
gion, however much that establishment may be sneered at and
abused ; or sacrifice the venerable church, under which supersti-
tion has withered and toleration flourished, for the delusive the-
ories of a vain and sordid political economy ; or at the bidding
of men who can have no possible interest in the amendment of
the church, and whose object must be destruction, not reform.
Yours &c. PRESBYTER.

PRINCIPLES OF AN IRISH REPEALER.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

SIR,—SO little is known in this country of the real state of
things in Ireland, of the means by which the returns to parlia-
ment of many dangerous characters have been effected, and of
the claims of the patriots that have been forced upon the Bri-
tish senate, that 1 think you will not consider your columns ill-
employed in giving a place to the following genuine specimen
of a repealer's principles. Mr, Ruthven, (son of the M. P. for
Dublin,) was defeated, to the everlasting shame (?) of the elec-
tors of Kildare. He then posted down to Waterford, and was
there returned for the . county, defeating Mr. Power, to whom
he had previously pledged his support !
I think I have now proved Mr. R. to be a gentleman,—the
proof of his being a profound statesman I leave to the sub-
joined address.—Your admirer,

AN ENGLISHMAN.

" TO THE INDEPENDENT ELECTORS OF KILDARE.

• "An election is at hand—a reformed Parliament is about tobe
choien, I have been called on by the Democratic party in
this county to come forward ; I am told I can render a service
to my country by doing so—with that view alone I offer myself
to your notice, and seek your support, avowing myself the ad-
vocate of Radical Reform and Cheap Government, on pure de-
mocratic principles.
" If returned, in Parliament I pledge myself to support a RE-
PEAL OF THE UNIOW, a total and unqualified Abolition of Tithes
and Churh Cess—Vote by Ballot, Triennial Parliaments, an Ex-
tension of the Elective Franchise, an Abolition of the Vestry Laws,
of the Subletting Act, a Revision and alteration of the Grand
Jury Laws, securing to the people the management and expen-
diture of County Cess. An enemy to Tyranny and Oppression,
I will use my strenuous exertions to get rid of the Police Esta-
blishment, disgraceful and unwarrantable in a free country.
The appointment of Magistrates to make the administration of
Justice perfect, should be in the people. I will advocate suclia
Jury Bill only as will ensure to the accused a fair trial, and
take from the Crown the power of
and
a Jury. I will sup-
port the Freedom of the Press, and make such a reduction of
Stamp Duty as will make newspapers cheap. I will support
every measure likely to render the Laws simple, cheap, and
equally within the reach of the poor man and the rich. I will
advocate an entire reduction of the Yeonzanry—a rational re.
duction of the Standing Army—a complete abolition of Slavery
—the appropriation of the enormous Church Lands and Reve-
nues to the support of the poor—and lastly, though not least, I
will never forget lam sent to Parliament by the People, to sup-
port their Rights and to advocate their Cause, to use my utmost
endeavours to procure for the poor man—what all Governments
profess to . give—Protection of the Laws, in the Land of his
Birth.
- - -

" On these Democratic principles alone do I call on.the peo-
ple of Kildare to support me. born an Irishman, I have the
Soul of a Freeman, and feel no sacrce too great to ameliorate
the condition of my Fellow Countrymen, or to promote the pros-
perity of Ireland.
" I have the honour to be, Gentlemen,
" Your obedient servant,
" E. ItunivEN."
" Ballyfair-House, November, 1832."

The following extracts 'Contain the latest intelligence given
in the London papers of Wednesday evening:—

A report is in circulation at the west end of the town, that
Ministers have determined, to arrest Mr. O'Connell.' We ive
this as a mere rumour, upon the probable truth or falsehood of
which we pronounce no opinion.—Standard.

We have a Lisbon mail to-day which sailed on the 2nd, and
another from Oporfo on the 9th, one day later than the last
arrivals. They do not bring any news of importance. No
operations had taken place on the part of Don Pedro, who, it
is said, was waiting for the arrival of his Admiral,• Sartorius.
The bombardment was continued, and the garrison was kept
perpetually on the alert, an attack from Don Miguel being
hourly expected. Much discontent prevails in the Pedroite
fleet,—one of the captains, an officer of the name of Rose, was
brought to a court-martial for disrespect to Sartorins, and ac-
9uitted by his brother officers. Provisions are running short
in Oporto.—Standard.

No further information relative to the Dutch question has
come to hand since our last publication. There does not, how-
ever, appear to be the least ground for supposing but that his
Netherlands Majesty is unshaken in his firmness not to accept
of the propositions lately made to him by the united courts of
England and France.—Standard.

We have a file of Calcutta papers to the 22d of Sept.—They
mention that for some time past his Majesty's 4th regiment had
displayed very mutinous conduct. General Carpenter had
assembled them on parade, and every man had presented him a
petition.--These papers announce the death of the Nftwab of
Chitpoor.—We find by the commercial advices from Calcutta,
that there was a: considerable 'demand for piece goods.—
Standard.

Zeal
a
THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD. 133
C RESP ONDENC . whole community from the attacks of that destructive pestilence. THE CHURCH ESTABLISHMENT. LONDON LATEST NEWS.
It is 'scarcely necessary to point out what advantage the town
THE LATE FIRE. of Liverpool would derive from the frequent ablution of the TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD. The Letter of our Private Correspondent, through some
mischance which we are at present unable to explain, did
TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD. dirty streets and alleys, between Scotland-road, Byrom-street, Szu,—When the laity find fault with the Church of England, not come to hand by last night's post.
Paradise-street. and the Quays. in the event of such an epidemic they ought in kindness and justice to consider how far they The following extracts contain the latest intelligence given
