I'IIE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

MISCELLANEOUS,

Earl Fitzwilliam is opposed to the immediate emancipAtion
of the slaves. 'He refused to take the cAir, or be present, at an
anti-slavery meeting at Peterborodgh last week.
Lord Francis Egerton, who has been suffering for the last six
weeks from a violent attack or gout, which incapacitated him
from attending to his parliamentary duties, is now convalescent.
His lordship has been sojourning at Bath for the benefit of the
waters.

LONDON AND -SOUTHAMPTON RAILWAY.—This line to
Woking Common is to be opened to the public on the 15 inst..
On the kith there is to be an excursion along the line, of the
proprietors and their friends; and, we understand, some fifteen
or twenty of the proprietors resident in Manchester intend pro-
ceeding to LOndon to participate in it.
OLD SPORTSSIEN.—Sir George Hewi,t, who has attained the
great age of 93, joined the queen's stag-hounds last week, with
all the ardour of early days, and was in at the death.
Christie and Manson sold the other clay, in the dispersion of
the pictures and drawings of the late Mr. Vine, the original
sketch of the Chelsea Pensioners, by Sir David Wilkie, for
£199 10s. The artist disposed of this sketch in the first instance
for £5O.

We sincerely rejoice to learn, that the miners employed in
sinking for coal at Workington have this week come at an
eleven-feet band of metal, which they are now using every ex-
ertion to win, and with every prospect of success.-IViiitehaven
Herald.

A few days ago, an English lady at; St. Omer brought into
her bedchamber a number of aromatic plants in flower, fresh
from the conservatory. During the night she was so affected
by the scent, that it became necessary to call in a physician,
who had great difficulty in recovering her from a state of insen-
sibility into which she -had fallen.
- • -

RAILROADS V. CANALS.—The proprietors of the Grand Junc-
tion Railway have made offers to the manufacturers and others
to carry goods between Birmingham and Liverpool, at Is. Gd,
a cwt., being exactly the sum charged by the canal, the trade
of which must be superseded if the tonnage dues are not itnine,
diately lowered.—[fro' rester ions nag.
•
"'PRYING youit LUCK BY A Jul:v.—We understand the Mid-
land Counties' Itailay Company offered Mr. F. Needhatu
£l5OO for tl;"land required by them a few hours before the in-
quiry look place. Mr. N. claimed £2,300 10s. The jury
awarded him £1260. Loss by going to a jury, £2lo.—Leicester
Mercury. —[There would he the expenses besides]

- -
STATE or TR sns.—We believe the demand for twist was
somewhat slacker yesterday, though we did not hear of any'
lower prices being submitted to. In power-loom cloth, and es-
pecially of good qualities, there was a fair demand ; and gene-
rally, we may-say, there is a pretty large business doing in ma-
nufactured goods. The fine:weather, we. understand, as 'night
be expected, has brought an accession of country buyers into
the markei.—Munchester Guardian.
HONESTY liKwanDary—On Saturday, a young man named
Clarke, a weaver and teacher amongst the general baptists,
picked up a purse, which he saw contained a large quantity of
bank notes. Without examining the contents, he asked a gen-
tleman walking with a lady through the market, whether he had
lost anything: the gentleman felt, with some anxiety, in his
pocket, and found that his purse, ciintainiug £(3,00t1 in notes; -
was gone, on which the young man restored it to him. - The
gentleman asked Clarke how he could serve lion; but he refus-
ed to accept money, on which the gentleman went to the book-
seders, and, purchased for him a large quantity .ot. books.—
Halifax &tigress.
JUDGE PARK.—If some are, under existing regulations, im-
prisoned too long, others find loopholes by which to escape with
a shorter term than they merit, so that thus the scales of justice
are balanced. We shall relate an instance or such an escape,
which, as it is related to us, occurred recently the Central
Criminal Court: A learned judge, whose religious bias is no-
toriously-strong, was presiding there in the trial of a Man char-
ged with stealing "a faggot." The case was as clear as day ;
more than one witness hail seen the prisoner enter certain
premises, and carry therefrom certain property that was not his
own ; but this was not enough fur lawyers. 'l'hey must, of
course, bring forward a faggot, and call upon the witness to
prove its i !entity. The faggot was unscrupulously identified,
upon which the learned judge, while making his note of the
circumstance, said (as he thought to himself—but he was in the
habit occasionally of soliloquising iu rather to loud a key),
" Why, how can he swear that's the same faggot ?—one fag-
got's as much like another as one egg's like another." This
was heard by Mr. C. P.—, the counsel for the prisoner, who
was seated just below his lordship; he instantly started up. and,
recalling the witness, said, "You have sworn that this is the
same faggot you saw the prisoner take."—" Yes."—" Why, how
can you swear that it's the same ? One faggot's as much like
another as cue egg's like another." The learned judge dropped
his pen, and fixed his eyes expressly upon the council. " Mr.
- P." said his lordship, in a very solemn tone, somewhat tremul,
(sus with emotion and awe—" Mr. P. I see the finger of God in
this. case. That very reflection, in the very form of words you
employed, was passing through my mind at the very moment it
occurred to yours. I certainly shall nut let this case go to the
jury upon such evidence ;" and the case, as our informentsaith,
was stopped.—Monthly Chronicle. ['Phis anecdote is literally
true ; but the editor of the Chronicle is mistaken as to the place
in which the circumstance occurred, which was at Salford, and
not in the Central Criminal Court : the patties were. Sir James
Allan- Park and Mr. Charles Phillips.]
STEAM NAVIGATION WITH INDIA..=The pacha of Egypt
contemplates laying down a railroad between Cairo and Suez,
and, it is said, requires pecuniary aid frotn our government.
Let it be granted. A footing-in Egypt of this nature would be
invaluable, since at all times it would give us a right of passage.
Suez may be considered the most eligible terminal post fur the
transmission of merchandise and passengers. The upper part
of the Red Sea presents no greater inpediments to a steamer
than the lower. lf, the railroad is laid down, all difficulties be-
tween Suez,and.Cairo disappear; but if not, as the distance is
only 82 miles, and Ile it is as level as any road in England, we
have only to establish wheeled vehicles on it, which would have
been long since done had the countiy peen in European hands,
The rising.of the Nile offers no impediment to the conveyance;
of goods through Egypt ; but by filling the canal which connects
one of its principal branches with the pint of Alexandria, the
communication is maintained by water between Cairo and that
city at other periods of the year. A passage by the Euphrates
has been held to possess superior advantages to that by the Red
Sea. Though the difficulties of this route may be great, yet,
if surmounted, should war or pestilence interfere with the Red
Sea route, we should have another at our command, and this
line might benefit and extend our commerce in the countries
through which it leads; and here we may mention the fact that
the partial opening of trade by the late expedition has already
mare than doubled that of every portion of the Levant at all
connected with its operations.—Wellstead' s Travels in Arabia.
CAGE 13 ions, —Of all the unhallowed instances of bird-in-
carceration (not even excepting the stupid cruelty 'rif shutting
up a robbin in an aviary,) the condemnation of the sky-lark to
perpetual imprisonment is surely the must repugnant to every
good feeling The bird, whilst his happy brethren are carrolliug
far up in the sky, as if they would Morin heaven itself with their
rush of song, just at the joyous season—
•• When wheat is green, when hawthorn buds appear,"
is doomed to pine in some dingy street There, in a den, with
a solid wooden_roof, painted green outside, and.white, .glaring
white, within—which, in bitter mockery, is called a sky-lark's
cage, ke keeps winnowing his wretched 'wings, and beating his
breast against the wires, panting for one—only one—upward
flight into the free air. To delude lion into the recollection that
there are such places as the fields, which he is beginning to for-
get, they cut what they call turf—a turf dug up in the vicinity
of this smoke-canopied Sabel of bricks, redolent of all its sooty
abominations, and bearing all the marks of the thousand of tons
of fuel which are now suffered to escape up our chimneys, and
fall down again upon our noses and into our lungs,—tuns, which,
when our coal mines begin to shrink alartninglv—'tis no laugh-
ing matter, the time must come—some future Arnott will, per-
haps too late, enable the public to save, while' be, at the same
time, bestows upon them the blessing of a pure atmosphere.
Well, this abotninal lump of dirt is presented to the skylark as
a refreshment for his parched feet, longing for the fresh morning
dews. Miserable as the winged creature is, he feels that there
is something resembling grass under him ; and then the fond
wretch looks upwards and warbles, and expects his mate. Is it
possible to see and hear this desecration of instinct unmoved
and vet we see it every spring, and moreover we have our So-
ciety for Preventing Cruelty to Animals..—New Monthly May.

THEORIES OF METALLIFEROUS VEINS.—M. Becquerel, who
is well known to have long preceded Messrs Fox and Crosse
in the production of crystalline substances by the action of elec-
tricity, in the fifth volume of his treatise, De V Electricite et du
Magnitisnie gives a chapter to a discussion of the opinions of
Mess's. Fox and Henwood on the origin of metalliferous veins.
After entering at great length upon the merits of the arguments
on each side, he gives his decision decidedly in Mr. Henwood's
favour, and against the electrical theory proposed by Mr. Fox.
THE LORI) HIGH ADMIRAL'S HAT ON A BEADLE.—On
Easter Monday, the parishioners of St. Mary-le-Strand elected
as their beadle, Mr. West, the late master of their pour-house;
and, strange to record, Mr. Cowell, the purchaser of the,ward-
robe of William the Fourth, has sold to the parish authorities.
the Lord High Admiral's hat, with its gorgeous gold lace trap-
pings as worn by the king, so that the hat which once graced
and encircled the brows of majesty will in future bedizen the•
sconce of a metropolitan parish-beadle.
Law of LIBEL—An action was brought in the Small Debt
Court, Perth, last week, by a shopkeeper in Perth, 'against
a residenter iu Bridgend tor solatittm and damages, on the;
ground-that the defendant on the Bridge of Perth lately, in the
hearing of a number of individuals, called the pursuer a villain
and a blackguard, and used Other opprobrious epithets towards
him. The case having gone to proof without objection, Mr..
Sheriff Barclay threw out a doubt as to the language libelled
being actionable. The proof being concluded, the facts de=
posed to were,that two dogs had been fighting on the bridge,
one of which belonged to a brother of the pursuer, who was
present at the time, upon which the defender, who is a con-
stable, seized the pursuer by the collar, and called burn a low
blackguard and a villain; and said that he kept lighting dogs
for annoying, people, and that he ought to be put in gaol. After
the proof a discussion took place as to whether the Isoguaoe
libelled and proved to have been used by the defender was ac-
tionable. The sheriff held that it was not actionable, and
stated that if he had any doubt on the general questiou, still he
.would not have awarded damages in the circumstances of the
present case. The action was arcerdingly disniissed. In
giving his opinion the sherittobserved that the term blackguard,
was one generally used ~,,, 11.2: the vulgar without reflection,
ond without any intention olcastieg a stain on one's character.
Or it meant one of the 42d regiment, win were all black
guards, but amongst whom there were many gentlemen: As
for the term villain •it was originally one of respect.L-Perth
Courier. •

-
9rsjuosichr Salford, and
TuOninniliVtte.d%riZd':iYvems ThnSintga'nll'eiyis-'sßtriteutm,
is one of the turnkeys at the New Bailey, carried him some col-
tee into his bedroom, in pursuance of a request he had made to
her. She did not find him in, but heard him moan in an adjoin-
ing Site tried the door, but it was fast. She then sent
for Mr. Woolley, their landlord, who came and broke the door
open, and found the unfortunate man laid on the floor with his
throat frightfully cut, and endeavouring to stop the effusion of
blood by his pocket handkerchief. Mr. Hancock, the surgeon.
was immediately sent for, but Brummitt was quite dead iv heu
he arrived; and Mr. Hancock said that if assistance had been
rendered immediately, the gash was so deep that it was impossi-
ble that the man's life could have been saved. An inquest was
held on the body the same day, and the jury found a verdict of
temporary insanity. The deceased had been in a despontlin:
mood for sonic time, and had been a few days absent from his
employment on account of a slight illness.
STEAM NAvic TION IN TURK EY.—The steam navigation, of
winch Constantinople has become the central }Tint in 'Turkey,
is constantly inoreasing. The Austrian Danube Steam Comp!iny
now take tie lead, and e erecting extensivefactories at !he-
' raa, where their numerous vessels may be retitled and repaired.
They have recently established a branch steam•vcssel between
this port amyl Salonica. The steamers on the Trehozond station
are now making immense profits, as each voyage they have been
fally loaded with merchandise, and have carried also about 300
passengers each. The sultan has refused to ratify a promise
which had been given for a finnan to permit an English steam-
vessel to carry Frank passengers up and down the Bitsphorus..
The porte is building two steam-vessels; but %hen they will be
completed, it is impossible to Jay.

HDALE FI..ANNRI. 111 All K ET, MON 1.) Y, MAY 7.—We
have had a very brisk market to-day, and a great nit fiber of
pieces have been sold. Though there may nor ue a general ad-
vance in the price, yet soineinstancesintire money has bpen
obtained. The wool market has undergone little change since
last Monday, and its former price has been fully maintained to-
day.
ti
BREACH OF PROMISE.—A singular method of obtaining sa-
tisfactiou for the non-fulfilment of a. marriage contract, is deli-
lineated in a Mississsppi paper. The disappointed swain has
advertised the fair one, in order, as he says, " to keep any
honest man from being duped by her perfidy." •- • • •
STEAM COMMUNICATION WITH IRELAND.—Steam-boats have
done more to cement the union between England and Ireland,
than all the acts of parliament which have passed since the reign
of the second Henry. Agricultural industry, in the-sister king-
dom, has received an extraordinary impulse .from the opening
of new and steady 'markets, where demaniiincreases faster than
supply. The total value of live animal imported from Ireland,
at Liverpool alone, during the year 1837, amounted to nearly
four millions sterling; and the importations to Bristol are
scarcely interior. Mr. Porter, in his " Progress of the Na-
Von," says that " the value in money, of one seemingly unim-
portant article, eggs, taken in the course of the year to the above
two ports from Ireland, amounts toot least £lOO.OOO. The pro-
gress of this trade affords a curious illustration of the advantage
of commercial facilities in stimulating production and equal-
izing prices. Before the establishment of steam-vessels, the
market at Cork was most irregularly supplied with eggs from
the surrounding district : at certain seasons they were exceed-
ingly abundant and cheap; but these seasons were sure to be
followed by periods of scarcity and high prices, and at times it
is sin.: to have been difficult to purchase eggs at any price in the
market. At the lrst opening of the improved channel for con-
veyance to England, the residents at Cork had to complain of
the constant high price of this
.and other articles of farm pro-
duce ; but as amore extensive market was now permanently
open to them, the farmers gave their attention to the rearing
and keeping of poultry, and, at the present time, eggs are pro-
curable at all seasons in the market at Cork, not, it is true, at
the extremely IoW rate at which they could formerly be some.:
times brought, but still at much less than the average price of
the year; a like result has followed the introduction of this
great iinprovement in. regard to the supply and cost of various
articles of produce. In the apparently unimportant article--
feathersit may be stated, on the respectable authority above
quoted, that the yearly importation into England from 'lreland
reaches the amount of £500,000."

IMPORTANT SALVAGE CASE.—Admiralty C.:omit, Thursday.—
n'this case the Columbia, on her voyage front Bombay to Li-
verpool. with a valuable cargo, met with rough weather in the
Atlantic, on the 29th of January last, by which she lost her
rudder, and became completely unmanagebte. A vessel (name
unknOwn) came in sight, hut did not bear up to the Columbia.
On the next day; however, when all the crew had determined
to leave the vessel, a Dutch ship,- which turned out to be the
• Phenomeue. Captain Trans P. Hoodmaster. on a voyage friim
Batavia to Rotterdam, hove in sight,, and being hailed, came
to the assistance of the Columbia, rescued all the crew and pas--
sengers,' saved all one of fourteen cases of specie, (amount-
ing to £11.000,) and. some dispatches belonging to the East
India Company, staved with thetn during one night, and carried
them (their own vessel being lost) safely into-Portsmouth. For
the preservation of the thirteen cases of specie, .salvage-money
is now sought by. the owners, master, and crew of the Pheno7
mene. The facts of the case are Undisputed ; the only question
for the consideration of the Court being the amount orcompen-
sation for the services rendered. Sir John Nicholl expressed
his (minion that the services rendered were of the most valuable
nature. The crew had determined to leave the. vessel, therefore
she must be considered derelict. The weather was most tern
oestuous. Every attention had been paid to the passengers and
crew on their voyage to Portsmouth. The property saved,
bullion, and despatches. were of great value. The Court would
not allot less than a moiety of the property saved; and, as the
opinion of the Court with regard to the distribution had been
requested, it would follow the example of Lord Stowell, in the
case of the Waterloo, and allot half of the sum given to the
owners, one quartet' to the captain, and the remainder to the
crew, to be divided according to their rate of wages.
- -

. •
CONFESSION .)F HORSE STEALING.—A poverty-struck look-
ing man, attired in a groom's stable dress, who gave his name
John Junes, and represented that he had last lived in the service
of an innkeeper at Lichfield, was brought before the magistrates
of Chester, on Wednesday last. Mr. Hill stated that the pre-
vious night he was relieved at the police office, and soon after
he called again, and said he had stolen a horse fifteen years
since, and had not been easy in his mind since. Mr. Hill
warned him that he was confessing to a transportable offence,
and at his own request toek his confession, to the purport, that
fifteen years ago he had lived in the service of the late Dean
of St. Asaph as a groom, for about 7 years, and was discharged,
After his discharge he went to the stable at night, and took away
a valuable horse, the property of Dr. Warren, of London, who
we believe was a son-in-law to Dean Shipley, which he disposed
of at Manchester. He was taken into custody at Salfori, and
kept fifteen days, and then discharged, because no case could
be male out against him. The affair had lain upon his mind
ever since; and he would rather be transported than lead the
life he had done. Mr. Morris asked him many questions about
the Dean's family and connections, and from the answers it
was evident that so far as having lived with the family his state-
ment was correct. He was remanded, in order that the parties
might be communicated with.
GAIETY OF HEART OF THE FRENCIL—We were talking of
the levity and gaiety of heart of the French, even under the
severest misfortunes. This drew forth an anecdote, which bad
been related to him by Mr. Pitt. Shortly after the tragical-
death of Marie Autoinette M. Perigord, an emigrant of some
consequence, who had made Mr. Pitt's acquaintance at Ver-
sailles, took refuge in England, and on coming to Downing-
street, the conversation naturally turned upon the bloody
scenes of the French revolution; on their fatal consequences
to social order; and, in particular, on the, barbarity with which
the unfortunate Queen had been treated. The Frenchman's
feelings were quite overcome, and he exclaimed, amidst violent
sobbing, " Ah, Monsieur Pitt, la Pauvre Heine! la pativre
Heine ?" These words had scarcely been uttered, when he
jumped up as if anew idea suddenly possessed him, and looking
towards' a little dog which came with him, he exclaimed.
," Cependant, Monsieur Pitt, it faut ;mos faire voir mon petit
Chien danser." Then pulling a black kit out of his pocket, he
began dancing about the room to the sound of his little instru-
ment, and calling to_ the dog, " Fanchon, Fanchon, dansez,
dansez." The little atMlual instantly obeyed, and they cut such
capers together that the minister's gravity was quite overcome,
and he burst into a loud laugh, hardly knowing whether he was
most aroused or astonished.—Life of William Wilberforce:
ELECTRICITY.—Why is the fire-side an unsafe place in a
thunder-storm?—Because the carbonaceous matter, or soot,
with -which the chimney is lined, acts as a conductor for the
lightening. Why is the middle of the apartment the safest
Place during a thunder-storm ?—Because, should a flash of
lightning strike a building, or enter it at any of the windows, it
will take its direction along the walls, without injuring the cen-
tre of the room.
ATstosHmatcsi, PllsNomalloN.—As the Rev. Stephen
Bland was returning home at nalf-past ten o'clock, from his
ministerial functions on Sunday evening, the 15th ult., in com-
pany with his son, during a most severe storm of snow and hail,
their attention was arrested by the bright and lucid appearance
of the turrets and weather-cock of the church steeple of Burn-
, salt, each resembling a mass of fire, which remained so long
that, when they reached home, the inmates had the gratifica-
tion of witnessing this extraordinary appearance of luminous
vapours. produced by the bad state of the atmosphere and at-
tracted by the iron which has remained in a fixed position for
centuries.—Leeds Intelligencer.
A CATCH.—The following desthiption of a catch by Dr. Call-
cott, is given in the Musical World; the words run thus :
" Ah ! how, Sophia, can vou leave
Your lover, and of hope liereave!
Go, fetch the Indian's borrowed plume,
Yet, richer far, than that your bloom ;
Pin but a lodger in your heart,
And more than one, I fear, have part."
Now, in reading the above, there is nothing particular to be
seen, but when the words are sung as Dr. Callcott intended they
should be, there is much to hear; for one singer seems to ren-
der the first three words thus—" A house on fire," repeating
phia, phia, with a little mixture of cockneyism, fire ! fire!—
Another voice calls out lustily " go fetch the engines, fetch the
engines; while the third coolly says, " I'm but a lodger, I'm
but a lodger," &c. consequently he does not care whether the
house be burned down or not. This elucidation will give a
pretty good idea of the real meaning and character of this mu-
sical catch.
EXTRAORDINARY FACT.—About a fortnight ago, a cow, the
property of Mr. Edward Yeats, farmer, of Low Grantlev, near
Ripon, gave birth to two fine calves, which with the mother
are doing well; and on Wednesday evening, 25th ult., emerged
into life from the teeming womb of another of his favourite cows,
other two fine calves which also are doing well • and to use the
expression of our informant, they are three bulls and one why.
—Leeds Intelligencer.
AN UNACCOUNTABLE Pie.—" You Socrates," said Mr.
Seth Harris, of Poughkeepsie, to his coloured fellow the other
day.—." You Socrates, have you. fed the pigs?"—" Yes massa,
me fed 'um," replied Socrates.—" Did you count them?"—
" Yes massa, me count 'um all but one."—" All but one ?"
" Yes massa, all but one—dire be one little speckle pig, he
frisk about so much me couldn't count him.!"
•

ALLEGED CHILD MURDER AT STOCKFORT.—OR the morn-
ing of Friday week, an unmarried woman, named Ann Bs row,
the daughter of-a. green grocer at Stockport, was apprehended
on Euspicioti of concealing the birth of a child; and her mothei
was also:taken into custody, it being supposed that she was an
accessary The examination was to have been entered into
before the boroughjustiCes the followingday; but, in the course
of Friday, a man who had been employed to drag the river at
the .Place where it was 'supposed the' prisoner had thrown in the
body of the child, found it, tied up in a piece of wrapper, with a
piece of rag tied tightly round the neck, having the knot under
the right ear. The case was accordingly removed from the
magistrates' to the coroner's court, the inquest-being held be-
fore Mr.' Hollins an Saturday week. It appeared by the evi-
dence, that the prisoner had given birth to an illegitimate child;
and that, -on the -Thlirsday night; she had been observed bya
neighbour (whii sospiq'ted the fact) carrying something in a
large tin can to the Vernon Bridge, over the battlement of
which she threw the contents of the can into the river. The
body of the child was found near this spot. A piece of rag or
tape, which appeared to be the remainder of that which was
tied round the infant's neck, was found in the house of the pri-
soner's mother. The but ;eon who had examined the body
stated, that he had no doubt that the string had been tied round
neck during the child's life, and that death had been caused by
strangulation. When found, the tongue of the child protruded
between the gums.—The jury, after a few minutes deliberation.
returned a verdict of "wilful murder" against Ann Byrom,
ho was then committed under the coroner's warrant, to Ches-
ter castle, for trial at the next assizes.—The mother, who ap-
peared to have had no positive knowledge of the birth of the
child, much less of the capital offence with which her (laughter
was charged, was liberated, from custody and her evidence re-
ceived, which tended to corroborate the testimony of other wit-
nesses as to the birth.—Manchester Guardian.
LONDON AND BIRMINGHAN RAILWAY.—The traffic on the
London and Birtningham Railway having much increased. ad-
ditional trains commence running to-day. The departures front
Birmingham are at nine in the morning for this immediate
inlet; and at twelve and at half-past one for the passengers from
.aneashire, and other distant parts. It is not intrude.: to take
more than ninety peisons to Loudon by each Itain; but there is
no limit to those who go only to Rugby, or choose to pro-
vide their own conveyances from thence onward. A tram at
half-past four in the morning from Denbigh Hall will forward
to London the mail, and all persons who may he conveyed to
that station by the night coaches.— Aris's Gazette.
MINERAL PRODUCE OE GREAT BRITAIN.—We give the fol-
lowing estimate of the mineral produce of Great Britain, on an
average of )ears and prices, from the Mining Bedew:—
Quantity.
Silver lO,OOO lbs. Troy 30,010
Copper
• Tin 5,500 tons •
• SSRMO
Lead
iron 900,000 tons
.. 7,000.000
. Coal 25,000,000 tons ..
Salt, alum, atdl other minor produce,. wore thau 1,000,000

Totol value probably exceeds..£2o,ooo,ooo

Her Majesty will he nineteen years of age the 21th of this
month. •

The customs revenue of the p6rt of Liverpool, is now one-
fourth of that of the whole kingdom.-
Travellers hr railroads, though divided into different different
classes, all find themselves upon a level.

The measles have caused frightful mortality at Brussels, ha-
ving carried off nearly sixteen hundred persons.
_

Sir Jacob Astley's title will be, it is said, Baron Delaval of
Seaton Delaval, in the county of Northumberland, and Melton
Constable, in the county of Norfolk:
It is a singular fact that within the space of three hours on
Tuesday morning we had hail, snow, thunder, lightning, wind,
rain, and sunshine.--Maidstone paper.
The East India Company has voted a sword, of 2000'gnineas
value, to Captain.Chads, fur-his exertious in. suppressing piracy
in the Indian seas: . '

TheScots' Greys are to bear the figure of a French eagle on
their standard, in commemoration of the eagle captured by the
regiment at Waterloo.
It is stated that a marriage is in contemplation between Lorrl
Charles Wellesley, younger son of the Duke of Wellington, and
the Lady Honoria Cadogan, youngest daughter of the Earl and
Countess of Cadogan.
A bachelor observed that he would marry, if certain of a wife
perfectly good. A bystander begged him to bespeak one, as few
such were to be had ready made.

James the First used to say, that the happiest lot in life was
that which set a man below the office of a justice of the peace,
and above that of a petty constable.
The total costs of the Metropolitan Police; for one year ending
the 31st of Dec. last, exceeds £22,O(XJ.

The Bishop of Worcester has stated his intention not to ordain
any gentleman more than 30 years of age.
The expenses of the Hull Election Committee are calculated
to amount to, if they will not exceed, £50,000.
"1 have encountered fraudulent debtors," said the great Lord
Mansfield, " but where I have encountered one fraudulent
debtor, I have met nine hundred fraudulent creditors."

Crockford's losses this season are said to amount to little short
of £30,000 in cash ; against this may be placed securities
amounting to nearly £90,000 • which, assuming the latter to
be vood, give a balance in the great hell-keeper's favour of
£60,000. . _

ENGLISH AND WELSH REPRESENTATION.—AS the English
and Welsh representation exists, the number of members re-
turned for'cities and boroughs, exceeds in fearful dispropoxtiou
those who represent counties, for while a country population
of 10,000,000 in round numbers, with a constituency of 510,000,
returns but 159 members ; a borough population, of not.quite
5,(X)0,000, with 283,0(X). electors, returns 341 lepresentatives.
CHANGES IN DEPOTS.THIS Mowrn.-7-sth Depot, from Ports-
mouth to Dublin; Bth. Cork to Guernsey; 11th, Cork to Chat-
barn ; 15th, Cork to Plymouth ; 18th, Dublin to Portsmouth ;
32d, Plymouth to cork; 3.3 d,. Dublin to Liverpool; 35th, Derry
to Glasgow; 36th, Plymouth to Cork; 37th, Plymouth to
Cork; 46th, Cork to Plymouth ; 60th, Liverpool to Dublin ;
61th. Glasgovi to Derry; 69th, Dover to Cork; 70th, Guernsey
to Dublin ; 72d, Dublin to Glasgow ; 76th, Fort George to
Dublin ; 82d, Cork to Sheerness; 85th, Cork to Plymouth.

CAUTION TO SERVANTS—FIRES.—Many fires occur in the
metropolis through the negligence of servants, but the fire
insurance offices have, within a few days, thrown a " light" on
the affair, by sending round to insurers an extract of the act nth
Geo. 111, cap. 78, sec, 9, whereby servants are liable, in the
event of fire occurring through their negligence or carelessness,
to a penalty of £lOO, and, in default, to 18 months' imprison-
ment ; and the companies have suggested that the notice should
be put up in some part of the house, where it may be seen by
all the servants.—Morning Herald.
SA LVAGE.—Dr. Stork, judge of the Admiralty Court, Dublin,
gave judgment on the 7th inst. in the case of the owners of the
Herald, steamer, against the barque Alexander Robertson,
awarding £5OO, (in lieu of £5OOO claimed for services rendered
by the steamer,) the amount lodged in the court by the de-
fendants, and £75 costs. This judgment is of great importance,
as being likely to induce a more moderate scale by salvors ap-
plying to this court; and this is the first decision of the new
judge, who recapitulated the whole of the evidence in a very
clear manner; and though the salvors have given notice of
appeal, the probability of their following up this step is con-
sidered very doubtful.
Apprehensions of the most painful nature have been excited,
that the vessel (commanded by Captain Farquharson) in which
Mr. Macauley sailed from India, has foundered at sea. The
only present ground for a rumour which carries with it the
greatest alarm and anxiety is a letter received by a well-dnown
merchant in the city of London, and which reached him by the
messenger who brought over-land despatches to government.
It states that four sailors had escaped. No intelligence respect-
ing* this, has, however, been received either at the India House
or by the goierument.—Courier..

NEW LIGHT HOUSE.—In consequence of some accidents
having occurred from the light-houses of Grinez (Pas de Ca-
lais) and Dungeness being in very foggy weather mistaken the
one for the other, a small additional light will be placed on
Cape Grinez, 50 metres less elevated. , The additional light will
be varied by bright lights, which will succeed .each other every
three minutes, and will be preceeded and followed by short
intervals of darkess. In ordinary weather the new light will
begin to he perceptible at from three to four maritime leagues.
It will commence from the Ist of October next.
CoRREGGIO.—When it had been determined to ornament the
great cupola of St John, Correggio, though then a young man,
was selected to paint it; and, like Raffaelle, his genius expanded
with the opportunity. After Raffaelle, Titian, Michel Angelo,
Da Vinci, and Bartolomeo, who would have thought that
another style, independent of either, and unlike any thing else
in the world. could have burst out ? But so it was. Of all the
painters that ever lived in the world, there is no accounting for
Correggio. Unlike Greeks, Romans, and Italians, out he
came into the world, in colour, drawing, light and shadow,
composition, expression, and form, like nature, and unlike
every body else, who everstudied nature at all. Michel Angelo,
Raff-ielle, Titian we can trace ; we see upon.whoth'they were
grafted, when they budded and burst forth But Who is Cor-
reggio ? Nobody is certain. One swears he was poor, another
that he was well off; another says he died in consequence of a
fever which he caught by carrying ail his money in copper, the
price ail picture, another protests it was no such thing. Meng's
account is the best, and Vasari's mostly without authonty.—
Haydon's Treatise on Painting.
THE REv. Loan Wat. Somgaswr.—We feel regret that our
notice of the late fatal accident near Wrexham should, by a
misstatement, have given pain to this nobleman, who, we un-
derstand, is a most exemplary parochial clergyman, and a gen-
tleman of most humane feelings. We were led into the error
of stating, that a verdict of manslaughter had been returned
against him by the coroner's jury, through the vagueness of the
account transmittal to us by our correspondent; the fact being,
that the verdict was against his son, a mere youth, the noble
lord not being present at
.the time of the accident. From
statements laid before us, we are led to doubt the curt ectness of
the verdict, though probably it may be in accordance with the
evidence adduced before the jury. bur readers will recollect it
was alleged, that the horses of the timber carriage had been cut
at from the dickey of the carriage, and that in consequence they
sprung into a gallop, and that the deceased parties were jerked
from the axle tree where they were seated, fell under the wheel,
and thus were killed. The contrary statement, and it is sworn
to by respectable witnesses, is, that the timber carriage was
twice driven most furiously past the carriage in which lady So.
merset and her two daughters were, the young gentleman being
on the dickey. and that the fatal accident happened before the
alleged cut of the whip was made. At the time the parties fell
off time axle tree, they were behind Lady Somerset's carriage,
and fast pressing • upon it to the great danger of the vehicle ;
and as they rushed past the carriage, then, and not till then, the
alleged cut with the whip was made. We have thought it just
to say this touch, because the naked facts are of a character to
give pain to the family of Lord William Somerset; and we re-
gret much that that pain should, even in the slightest degree,
have been aggravated by any error on our part. We under-
stand that application will be made to the Court of Queen's
Bench to admit the young gentleman to bail; and from the
nature of the evidence, we cannot doubt but that it• will be
granted.—Chester Chronicle.
THE RIVAL STAEMSHIPS.—The race across the Atlantic be-
tween the Great Western and Sirius steam ships. continues to
attract considerable attention, particularly at Bristol, where
' heavy bets ara said to be pending on the result. The course is
probably the longest ever run, and the jockeys on both sides are
experienced and skilful. The Sirius had a start of 7(X) nautical
miles; but still the confidence of the Bristol people in the powers
of the Great Western is unbounded, and the following is' their
calculation of the chances in '.her favour ;—The Sirius wa
spoken with on the 17th April in lat. 45 N., long. 37 W. The
s
Great Western was spoken on the 15th in lat 46 26, N., long.
37 W. At these respective dates the Great Western had run
1.305 miles in seven days, from • King's road ; and the Sirius,
1,305 miles, in ten days from Cork. The Great Western aver-
aged 1862;niles per day; the Sirius, 1303/4 miles : Gre it Western
gained on Sirius 56 miles per day. • The Great Western aver-
aged 7 miles pet hour; the Sirius barely averaged 53/4 miles,
per hour. Great Western had. to run 1,800 nautical. miles, and
and according to the past average,. she would accomplish the
,remainder of the passage in 9i days. Sirius had to run 1,600,
and according to her past average, she would accomplish the
remainder of the passage in not less than 121 days. The gene-
ral opinion at Bristol is, that if the weather continued adverse
after the 15th, the Great Western will have reached New York
first. If the weather was fine after the-15th, it is thonght that
both ships may have arrived on the same day. The race home-
ward will be one of high interest.
A secret, which has long excited the public curiosity, has just
been niVulged. The late Joseph Grassi, professor of painting,
at the Royal Society of Fine Arts in Dresden, had in his apart-
Ment beside his bedroom, a room, the door of which was always
covered with hangings, and into which, since his his return in
1804 from his last tour in Italy, no one has been allowed to en-
ter not even his children. He always carried the key of it
about his person: put it under his pillow when he went to brd;
and, by way of precaution, he caused the door of this mysteri-
ous charnbi:r to be built up in 1835. In his will, M. Grassi or-
dered that this chamber should not be opened for three months
alter his death, and bequeathed all its contents to Duke Augus-
tus, of
t' th • stating that if he had not communicated to any
one what it contained, it was to give an agreeable surprise to
this priuce, wile had been his benefactor. This room has only
just been opened by the executors of M. Grassi, who found in
it seventeen pictures of the most famous ancient painters. Tha
duke took possession of them, and placed them in one of the
.aliaiiis of the Royal Academy at Dresden, where they will be
publicly exhibited for three months They will then lie sent to
town.
Areigngliog,
Gotha, and placed in the Ducal Musseaulivnatoofrtilitaotsato,
a .bur
them am a Titian, a Carlo Dolci, a

H y N's EST IN ATS Of REMBRANDL—Rembtandt van
Ithvn was next to Itubens in pu ut of art, and more than equal
io him iu orignialny. Whether in portrait, landscape, or
historical pictures large and small, he was like nobody ; as
wonderful as any, and sometimes superior to all. His Gistre-
. drawings are exquisite, his etchings unrivalled; his colour,
light and shadow, and surface, , solemn, deep, awl without
example; but in the naked form, male or female, he was an
Esquitnaux. His notions of the uelicate form of women, would
nave flightened au Arctic bear. Let the reader lancy"a Bil-
lingsgate .fish woman, descending to a bath ar a moment's
notice, with hideous feet, large knees and bony legs, a black
eve, and a dirty night cap—and he will have a perfect idea of
Itembrandt's conception of female beauty. Though his histori-
cal pictures are often remarkable for pathos and expression, his
eharactet s are sometimes absolutely ridiculous. His Abrahams
are Dutch old clothesmen ; a1)41 vii his Jacob's Dream is sub-
lime beyond expression. Whate‘er he paintnd, he enriched ;
his suilaee was a muss of genius, awl his colour a rainbow,
darkened by the gloom of twilight. In portrait, sometimes his
Aignity was equal to Titian, but the characters be painted were
inferior.— Haydon's Treatise WI Paintialy.
W HMI:EA 13.—W bilblead was a rough speaker; he spoke as
if he had a pot of porter at his lips and all his words came
trough it. I remember his drawing teams fawn me upon
lottery question. After-Canniug's speech on Lord lir , the
res.iiution about a pound note and a
. shilling being n
value to a guinea, he said to nie,
'ibis :'Well, du
envy hi►u the
power of making that Speech." was
very curious_
because I never could have guessed that it was at all the model
to which he aspired.—Life of Wilteriorce.

‘Y Is3B.

THEATRE-ROYAL, LIVERPOOL.

FOR TIIE BENEFIT OF MR. & AIRS. WOOD.
And positively the Last Night of their Engagement,
On which occasion will be repeated (in consequeuceof the en-
thusiastic applause with which it was received on Wednes-
day evening„ by a brilliant and faihionable audience) the
grand opera of CINDERELLA, to conclude with the two last
acts of the highly popular opera of Al ASSANIRLLO.
THIRD WEEK OF MR. MARTIN.
rill HIS present FRIDAY EVENING, the 11th instant,'wtil
1. be performed for the second and last time this season, the
grand opera of

CINDERELLA. ..._
.. .Mr. Wood.
Cinderella Mrs. Wood. I Fe1ix:.........
Baron Pompolino Mr. G, Horncastle.
Pedro
Clorinda . .Miss Grant I Thishe.....Mrs: E. Beuwell.
Fairy Queen Mrs. W. H. Bland.
Tu conclude with the two last acts of the grand opera of
MASANIELLO. oo --•- -4----d-
-•
Elvira.. . .Mrs. Woo‘l I Masaniello jir• W
Pietro Mr. Martyrs.
Don Alphonso Mr. G. Horncastle. .
The popular actress, Mrs. Nlsni'rT, of the Theatres-royal
Drury-lane and Haymarket is engaged for a limited number of
nights, and will make her appearance here on MONDAY
next, the 14th instant, in her celebrated character of Constance,
in Mr. Knowles's play of the LOVE-CHASE, as performed by
her eight successive nights in succession at the Haymarket
Theatre. Trueworth, Mr. Stuart; sir William Fondlove, Mr.
Baker; Master Walter, Mr. W. Howard ; Wildrake, Mr. W.
H. Bland; Widow Green, Mrs. Clarke • Lydia, Mrs. Bakery'
The. Farce of TkiE MARRIED HAKE. Mr. Flighty. Mr'
W. H. Howard; Mrs.
.Flighty, Mrs. Baker; Mrs. Trictrac,
Mrs. Nisbett, as originally performed by her in London. To
conclude with (positively the last time) the new comic paulD"
mime of HARLEQUIN IN SICILY. .
