displays some singular traits of character.
The essay on the " Cultivation of Cotton in India" is of the

highest iMportauce in a commercial point of view: we are

subject is attracting such general attention.
The miscellaneous contents of the Asiatic Journal, u usual,
ire of an exceedingly varied and interesting character.

glad that ti

The Colonial Mayazine,
Fisher

September, 1840. London

Son, and Co

Few periodicals of the present day so successfully blend
the useful and the entertaining together as the:one before us.
While the talented editor ever keeps the cui bono principle
before his eyes, he never fails to gratify the taste of the

merely literary reader. The present number opens with a
biographical sketch of the Marquis Wellesley and the Duke

of Wellingtc

.wdially agree with the author in his
estimate of the pudic services of the former. The natural
historian will derive much pleasure from the perusal of the
The Entomo-Geographical Character of the
The remarkable essay on the " Taxa-
And, and Effects of Revolutions," is
very beneficial effect. We would

African Continent
tion and Debt of I

cation as a separate pamphlet. The
:nap's Land" loses none of its interest.
and sound sense in the article on the
m of the Colonies in the Imperial Parliament."
ne " Monetary System of British India" is
!n, and contains many valuable suggestions
The article on the " Coalitioa of Parties

recommend its

account of " Van D

There is much tru

The essay on t

" must surely have
obtained insertion through some strange inadvertence. We
should add, that this number contains a memoir and portrait
of Lord Durham.

The New Slat istical Account of Scotland. No. 27. August,
1840. Edinburgh : W. Blackwood and Sons.
This number is exceedingly rich in statistical, historical,

It e•t braces a minute description of
complete) Ross, and Cromarty, (in
concluded). Prefixed is a beautifully
map of Linlithgowshire. The parishes
in this part arc, Kilbride, Kilmorie, Cumbray,
Kingworth, Rothesay, Tain, Kilmuir Easter, Kiltearn,
Alness, Rosemarkie, Fearn, Urquhart and Loggie-Webster,
Avoch, KilmarOnock, and Bonhill.

and Dumbarton

The Chur ehm

September, 1840. London : W. E

Painter

This popul

magazine deserves the warm support of every
lan. lis original articles are able and ortho-
hilst its selected !natter is varied and interesting. The
n of " The Creed of St. Athanasius" is continued
us. The sketches of the " Characters
f Essex, and of Cardinal Pole," are

of Cromwell, Earl

The sound reasoning in the essay on
mist convince every candid reader of the
hne ,k,etrine. We particularly recommend
A Tale of the Waldenses." " The
ard" is a pathetic sketch. The correspond-
stical report of the Churchman embrace

The Vi

September, 1840. London

W. E. Painter,

ry of theological and ecclesiastical intel-
;;:onsively circulated among the humbler

l'be present number affords a very
Among the principal
Memoir of Sarah Berry,"

1 contents

her-Week, an account of
youthful piety is so well known,
Churchmun's Sabbath Meditations,

rd the Sixt

the " pia

further r

I'. Powell Buxton's Work on the African
its lie►nedJ. London : John Murray.
inbodies a succinct statement of the most
important facts developed in the larger work of the same
- 1d not on any account throw any doubt upon
i.gs which dictated the compilation of this
dinary woi k. We fully agree with the estimable au-
hor in his views of the horrors of slavery and the slave trade :
but we cannot, for reasons which we have already laid before
the public, approve of the remedy which he recommends for
adoption. We shall, perhaps, bestow some further remarks
on this pamphlet.

an ac.

d Homily 'Society," and some

4bridgment of

This abridgm.

We wou

Viscovnt St. Vincent has recently purchased Aston Hall,
Staffordshire, for £lOO,OOO.
