DUTY ON RAILWAY PASSENGERS

Colonel SIBTRORP gave notice, that in committee on the
railway regulations bill, when they came to the considera-
tion of that clause which imposed a duty of one halfpenny
upon every four passengers per mile, he should move that the
duty of twopence be substituted for that of one halfpenny.

HAND-LOOM WEAVERS' COMMISSIONERS' REPORT.

Mr. G. BERKELY, seeing his hon. friend the Under-Se-
cretary for the Home Department in his place, wished to ask
him if it was the intention of her majesty's government to
take into their consideration the report of the Hand-loom
Weavers' Commissioners, to found any measures thereupon,
and if the report would speedily be laid before the house ?
Mr. Fox MAULS said the subject more properly belonged
to the department of the board of trade. to the president of
which board the question would have been more fitly ad-
dressed. The report, however, would not yet be laid before
the house (as was understood).

POLICE. RATES ASSESSMENT BILL

Mr. Fox MA—ULE moved the second reading of this bill.
Lord G. SOMERSET did not rise to oppose the second read-
ing of the bill ; but from the great number of communications
he had had on the subject, he thought the bill ought to be
well considered before it had the sanction of that house.
With reference to the details of the bill, he thought a six-
penny rate would be sufficient.
Mr. Fox MAULE made some observations in reply, but,
in consequence of the noise in the house, he was almost inau-
dible. He was understood to say he could not agree to the
lower rate, believing the higher to be necessary to maintain
an efficient police. The bill was then read a second time,
and ordered to be committed on Friday.
Mr. BENJAMIN WOOD proposed the omission of the
seventh clause, regulating the mode in which the increase of
duty shall be borne under contracts of sale not completed.
Dr. LUSHINGTON and others supported the proposal.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER resisted it.
After a short conversation, a division took place, in which
it was negatived by a large majority.
COLONIAL PASSENGERS' BILL.

The order of day having been read for going into com-
mittee on the colonial passengers' bill,
Lord JOHN RUSSELL, in answer to a question from Sir
Eardley Wilmot as to the intentions of government respecting
the introduction of Hill Coolies from India into the Mauri-
tius, expressed his opinion that the prohibition on that im-
migration might be usefully withdrawn under proper protective
regulations. Care must be taken, by the appointment of
proper agents, to guard the Indians against the delusions and
oppressions heretofore practised upon them ; they must be
free on their arrival to hire themselves to any master they
may choose ; their term of service should not exceed a year ;
and provision should be made against the disproportion of the
sexes. With such precautions as these, he thought the ge-
neral principle of opening the markets to labour might be
fairly applied to the Mauritius, whither, from local position,
many Indians already found their way. But he did not con-
sider it applicable to the West Indies, where the introduction
of a third race, with peculiar habits, might he productive of
very serious evil. The protection of the Hill Coolies immi-
grating into the Mauritius would be the object of some
clauses which he intended to propose in the committee on
this bill.

Mr. BERNAL regretted that, under the present disastrous
circumstances of the West Indies, the government should
have declared against the relief of those colonies by the
introduction of new labour. _

Mr. Honhlovse Doped that if the experiment, when tried
on a small scale in the Mauritius,.. should he successful, it
would be extended to the West Indies also. lie attached
was no race more Junxect than the members of the British
HOuse of Commons, the " true-born Englishmen," descended
from Saxon, Dane, Norman, and Fleming.
Mr. EWART thought the danger lay only in the ignorance
of the people as to the district and the service to which they
were blindly consigned.
Mr. WannunTox said that it might be all well if the emi-
gration were that of men with their wives and families pro-
ceeding from an overstocked country to people a new land.
But here the expectation of the importers was not to raise
by, colonization from India, a permanent population of
labourers, but to get a fresh supply from India as fast as the
successive cargoes should be cut off by the mortality of severe
toil. As between the Mauritius and the West Indies, he
should rather prefer the latter, because the inspection was
much stricter.

Mr. C. BULLER observed, that there was no country
where population was more redundant and labour worse
paid than Hindostan ; and its people, therefore, fell within
the very principle affirmed by Mr. Warburton. The friends
of the negro, instead of opposing every plan for the intro-
duction of free labour, ought to hail such measures as being
the probable means of extinguishing slavery in the only way
in which that extinction could ever be effected.. But he
feared there was a disposition to import into these debates
revenge against the planters, instead of plain justice.
Dr. LUSHINGTON complained of this last expression,
which he said was wholly unsupported by fact. He appealed
to the evils of past migrations from India, and demanded to
know what were to be the securities against the repetition
of those evils, especially with reference to parts of India not
belonging to England. The people of the Mauritius had
evaded all your laws—the law against slave importation,
the law of registration, the law forbidding public officers to
be proprietors of slaves. On the slave question, the admi-
nistration of justice itself was poisoned from head to foot.
The Coolies now at the Mauritius were treated most severely ;
worked under police inspection; and not suffered, even after
the hours of labour, to quit their districts. It was a new
slavery, and the annual mortality was nine per cent. Where,
then, was the necessity for now preferring Mauritius, which
had been highly prosperous, to our other colonies, which had
suffered so heavily ? The whole subject should be consi-
dered together.

Mr. MACAULEY had always been of opinion that the re-
strictions on the removal of labour were properly applicable
only to a state of slavery. That state ceasing, the general
principle of the free removal came fitly into operation. It
was material to remember that there were always at the
Mauritius, for health or pleasure, civil servants of the East
India Company, who were invariably found to take a lively
interest in the welfare of the Indian emigrants there. Some-
thing had been said about vindictive feeling ; but, in his own
mind, the heat occasioned by a long altercation had wholly
ceased with the cessation of that slavery which had been its
cause ; and there was no part of the British dominions of
which he was more anxious to behold the prosperity than the
colonies in which that great experiment, the free slave labour,
was now going forward.
Mr. InviNG dwelt on the necessity of fresh labour in the
Mauritius, and made a favourable representation of the con-
dition of the colonists there.
• Mr. O'CoNxtia, said, the planters of the Mauritius ap-
peared to be persons who desired not to hire free labour, but
to get labourers and work them out. He saw no security
against abuses of the proposed emigration. The house ought
not to go on with these clauses till the plan was more dis-
tinctly developed. He ridiculed the notion of protection to
the Coolies from the casual invalids of the company's civil
as
ae
iceed,
baond dy
ofgepr tol t
etchtaotr a there.
He
e s
ehoonuel
Idu
dbeed a
bpye r
nm ao
iennzt
that
themrbi.llvsliz!doNbesziTmuniidettejret
that day
repeat,daysi thexmon houseths. having
become tolerably full, the explanations given by Lord John
Russell in the earlier part of the evening, when the attend-
ance had been very thin. Immigration, he said, had now
become the question of the colonies. As to the Mauritius,
Dr. Lushington ought long since to have brought its mis-
deeds before parliament, if they amounted to one-half of
what he had represented them to be. A permanentoiniseallla,rainedd
te
lipofh
thead verybeen
institutionsde i nan ded by Mr.
theich O
government
tphraotsccltioarnsn protectorship
had it in contemplation to establish. It was best to choose
one colony for the experiment, and that one should obviously
be the colony nearest to the Indian peninsula.
After a short conversation about the forms of proceeding,
Mr. O'CoNNELL temporarily withdrew his amendment, to
give Lord John Russell an opportunity of moving that the
committee on this bill should have power to regulate the in-
tercourse between India and the Mauritius.
Mr. GLADSTONE desired he might not be understood as
assenting to any particular plan of emigration, though he was
favourable to the general principle.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL said, that if the house affirmed the
general principle, he should advise the crown to execute a
specific plan, which would be most carefully considered,
and
its
on which it would be open to parliament to express
opi-
nion. Without their general sanction to the principle, no
step at all would be taken by ministers to break through the
existing prohibition.
Mr. MACKINNON agreed to the principle, and
Mr. WAKI.ET made a speechwas about the English poor and
the Corn-laws at which the House expressed some dissatis-
faction. He followed by
Sir C. GREY, who was favourable to the measure.
Mr. O'Co.N.NELL's amendment being renewed, was nega-
tived on a division.
Mr. HAWES, on the order for the second reading of the
Metropolitan Police Courts Bill, moved to refer it to a select
committee, with a view to the establishment of a cheap and
expeditious jurisdiction in certain civil cases. This jurisdic-
tion he proposed to vest in the police magistrates, who, when
their salaries had been raised, had engaged to do this further
duty without increase of stipend.
On an assurance from Mr: Fox MAULE that Government
would attend to the subject in another session,
Mr. HAWES waved his motion, and the bill was read a se-
cond time.
Lord MORPETH then volunteered to abandon his Irish
Mendicancy Bill, after which, the House proceeded with the
orders of the day, but on the motion that Mr. F. Maule's
Prison (Scotland) Bill be read a first time, the House, at a
quarter to 1 o'clock, was counted out.

HOUSE OF LORDS.—FRIDAY.
Lord HATHERTON stated that on Friday next he should

present a petition numerously signed by prOpriefas of the
Stafford and Worcester canal, and by many other persons,
for the adoption of a measure to orohibit the conveyance of
goods on canals and railways on Sundays.
The ArchbiShop of CANTERBURY, having presented peti-
tions against Sunday trading, observed that he feared the ob-
jects on one side were too extravagant, and the indifference on
the other too extensive, to afford any prospect of the adoption
°tally effectual remedy for this evil.
Lord DENMAN having presented petitions complaining of
the treatment of Feargus O'Connor,
The Marquis of NORMAN BY read letters received from
York Castle, denying sonic of the allegations of Mr. O'Con-
nor as to the treatment to which he was exposed. His lord-
ship added that lie had been led. to believe the alterations
which had taken place would afford to Mr. O'Connor as much
indulgence as was consistent with the sentence pronounced by
the Court of Queen's Bench.
Lord BROLGHAM observed, that Mr. O'Connor's state-
ments had been met only by counter-assertion. For his own
part his lo .dshi p professed himself so well aware of the value
of these contradictions that he should wait for more specific
information.

Earl FITZWILLIANI (in answer to Lord Ashburton's in-
quiry) stated that it was his intention to bring forward, on
Thursday next, his resolution on the subject of the corn
laws.

Lord BROUGHAM having presented petitions from St. Ives,
&c, on the subject, said that he viewed, with indescribable
alarm, those measures sanctioning the emigration of the hill
coolies, which must inevitably lead to the revival of slavery
by this country. His lordship wished the government to lay
before the house all orders by the governor-general of India
regarding the shipment of bill coolies.

Their lordship; soon afterwards adjourned till Saturday.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.-FRIDAY.

Mr. HORSMAN took the oaths and his seat on his re-elec-
tion for Cockermouth.

Mr. WAKLEY presented a petition complaining of there
having been bribery and treating at the last election at
Ludlow. •

Mr. EWART stated, that on the 23d instant, he should
move that the house resolve itself into committee on the
several acts imposing duties on sugar, coffee, &c.
Mr. B. WOOD moved for a return of the names of all the
unions governed by boards of guardians under the provisions
of the Poor Law Amendment Act in England and Wales,
the month and year when each was first incorporated, the
names of counties wherein such unions are situated, the
names of all the assistant poor law commissioners for Eng-
land and Wales, and date and appointment of each ; the date
of every visit paid by each assistant commissioner to boards
of unions in England and Wales, from the first day of Jan-
uary, 1839, to the 31st day of December, 1839; the name of
such visiting commissioner, and of such board visited.

The Cust-oms Duties Duties Bill was read a third time and
passed, and the House having resolved into a committee of
supply,
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, in moving a reso-
lution as the basis of the intended duties upon timber, en-
tered into some explanatory details, his general principle
being to collect the same amount which the originally in-
tended 5 per cent. might have been expected to produce, but
to collect it in equal proportions on both kinds of timber.
He added, that he did not propose to make the duty take
effect instantly, but to fix a future day for its commencement.
Mr. Alderman THOMPSON desired a few days' delay in
order to give time for the consideration of this plan at the
outports. He wished the relative position of the colonial
and the Baltic timber trades to remain the same.

Mr. LABOUCHERE expressed his conviction that any other
course than that which Government had selected, of impos-
ing the new duty in equal proportions, would have occa-
sioned an actual loss of revenue by a total exclusion of the
Baltic timber.

Mr. WARBURTON concurred in that view. The object
here was revenue, not protection. The relative position of
the two trades was left as before, for the differential duty
remained the same.

Mr. Hurr concurred in the views of the Chancellor of the
Exchequr ; so did Mr. V ILLI Efts, who expressed an intention
of bringing the whole question before the house on a future
day, with a view to equalize the entire duty.
The CHANCELLOR of the ExcnElauEtt said that he was
willing to give time for the passing of the bill, but that he
could not postpone the day on which the duties should come
into operation.
Mr. H AWES approved the proposed equalization of the
new duties.

After some repetitions by several of the speakers before-
mentioned, the resolution was passed. .

. A series of estimates were then moved in committee of
supply by Mr. ROBERT GORDON, now one of the secretaries
of the treasury. Among these estimates were the whole of
those which are called the Irish miscellaneous. Just as these
were finished, Mr. Serjeant JACKSON entered, and said, that
having been absent but a few minutes, he was not a little
surprised to find that the business bad been all hurried
through in that short interval. He gave notice that he
should take the opportunity of the report to discuss several
of these estimates. While he was speaking, Lord MORPETH
entered, amidst a general laugh that the Irish estimates
should have been voted in the absence of the Irish secretary.
Colonel SIBTHORP animadverted on this anomaly, and said
he had intended to propose a reduction in the Irish secretary's
salary; to which Lord MORPETII answered, that he had at
first regretted his non-arrival in time for these estimates, but
that his absence now turned out to have been only what
delicacy would have dictated to him when a discussion was to
arise on his own stipend. And Lord JOHN RUSSELL added,
that when ministers had been so fortunate as to pass their
estimates without opposition, they could hardly be expected
to propose them over again for the purpose of letting in
objections.
The other orders of the day were then disposed of, and the
house adjourned till half-past one on Saturday.

HOUSE OF LORDS.-SATURDAY.

Lord Chief Justice DENMAN presided for the Lord Chan-
cellor.

The Grand Jury Cess (Ireland) Bill, the Customs, &c.,
Duties Bill, and several other bills, were brought from the
Commons ; they were read the first time, and the Grand Jury
Cess (Ireland) Bill was ordered to be read the second time
on Friday. _ _ _

Some other bills having been forwarded a stage, their lord-
ships adjourned till Thursday next.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.-SATURDAY.

After Lord MORPETH •had moved the adjournment of the
house till Wednesday next,
Si,-.l4..KzxeLA TR complained of the "slovenly manner"__i_r)
after the recess, he should call attention to the subject.
Mr. KELLY deferred his motion, for leave to bring in a bill
to abolish capital punishments in all cases but murder and
high treason, until Tuesday, the 23d instant.
Mr. EWART postponed till the same day his motion for a
resolution declaratory of the expediency of reducing the
duties on sugar and coffee.

The SOLICITOR-GENERAL for Ireland brought in the Qua-
lification of Voters (Ireland) Bill. It was read the first time,
and ordered to be printed.

The report of the committee of ways and means was pre-
sented, containing the resolution regarding the timber duties.
It was read, agreed to, and a bill ordered accordingly.
The house then adjourned till Wednesday.

THE MURDER OF LORI) WILLIAM RUSSELL.

(From the Morning Herald of yesterday.)
On Saturday the following printed handbill was left at the
shops of most of the silversmiths and pawnbrokers in and
round the metropolis :
"FIFTY POUNDS REWARD.

"TO PAWNBROKERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND OTHERS

" Missing, from the house of the late Lord William Rus-
sell, No. 14, Norfolk-street, Park-lane, supposed to have
been disposed of between the 24th of April and the sth of
May last, the following articles :—Four silver table-spoons,
old fashioned, with slight narrow stems, two of them, are a
little thicker than the others ; four silver dessert-spoons,,
plain stems, with double thread down the handles, front and
back; four silver dinner-forks, plain stems; two silver tea-
spoons, plain stems, with double thread down the handles,
front and back. The whole marked with a crest, a goat
walking. Whoever will give such information as will lead
the discovery and production of the above articles, or any
portion of them, shall receive the above reware on applica-
tion to Messrs. Wing and Twining, Solicitors, No. 1, Gray's
Inn-square, Holborn." . .

The valet Francois Benjamin Courvoisier, we understand,
maintains, since his incarceration in Newgate, the most per-
fect composure and self-possession. He enjoys good health,
and whenever spoken to on the subject of the murder of the
late Lord William Russell, is most earnest in his declaration
of innocence. He has one of the turnkeys in the apartment
in which he is confined, with him day and night, and al-
though a most strict watch has been kept over him, no ap-
pearance of disturbed dreams have been discovered, his sleep
being perfectly calm and sound. He has been visited since
his committal to Newgate by the Swiss clergyman, on whose
ministry since his residence in this country he has been in
the habit of attending ; and Mr. Flower, his solicitor, has
been permitted to see him.
The next sessions of the Central Criminal Court commence
on Monday. the 15th inst.

Sarah Mancel and Mary Houston, the housemaid and
cook, are still staying at the house in Norfolk-street, as are
also Inspector Tedrnan of the D division, and Serjeant Pul-
lin of the C division, who will remain in charge of the pre-
mises until after the termination of the trial. The former
accompanies the two females whenever they go out on busi-
ness or for health.

FASHIONS FOR JUNE.

(From the " London and Paris Ladies' Magazine of

Fashion.")

The newest materials at this moment for dresses are the
mousseline prairie, organdys in small patterns, gaze harige,
and batiste barege ecossaise. Lilac is a colour much in fa-
vour, and predominates both in dresses, bonnets and scarfs.
Tight sleeves may be considered among the changes this
season, though they encounter some opposition,' and are
only suitable to thick materials ; they are sometimes a l'Ama-
dis, with two seams, or cut biais with a single seam, taking
the form of the arm, having some plaits at the arm-hole;
others are quite plain with jockeys. Corsages will continue
fitted to the shape, with three coutures, a row of buttons
placed en V on two of the seams, the skirts open en redingote
buttoning down the front, or ornamented with gimp trim-
mings in Grecian or Arabic patterns, nceud, tassels, &c.,
these are for dresses of stout materials. For polls de chevre,
fancy checks, &c., the trimmings will be generally of baias,
occasionally with flounces, but always in threes, fives, or
sevens. Peignoirs for neglige are trimmed with two or three
very fashionable.
nwitsoiht
lilac,
elegant
frills. Nankeen dresses are making in Paris embroidered a
la Polonaise with silk or braid. Spencers and cannezous are
u ornreand embroidery will be very gene-
rally used. Scarfs, shawls, bornous of clear muslin are
opfurasiinl lageer
eof white
toi silk,n andat trimmedh.
eaeht:
.mwi
ri tel
broidered
in colours, with
Lace
pink;b
oc
everySm salha
l mantesdeofcaoloLuoli.:isXutVp.aarrt!ce.liiinaardley ovfioblleatc, ktrliam.cemleidneldvitiini
a flat bouillon. Scarfs of white filet are also worn, lined
and trimmed with fringe ; they are also fashionable of foularl
dainagr6 deep blue, myrtle marron of taffetas in all colours,
with
There a pLi plaid
great
chineat
variety border.
observable in bfonnets ; - we have
ded straw,
crape,
pe, capotesw iwith
ofbl
a(P(Tka crape
veils.ol
-green ornamented witll lilacs,
s(s.!era, pe, intermixed
pailles de riz, leghorns and silks, ea ot
bcpuillionnees,
r; (l pa e c
ei s i :
ae
dry:
cmcwoniulPtoh:uht rebsuawnsoieditti: hovaafi op pl
el tes ,pearlgraywi t h b l e u L o n i % apricot
ad-
missible in every form and style. Paine lilac and green arc
the favourite colours.
Faille tie riz bonnets are of a more open form than others,
and have wreaths of flowers without feuiliage ; some bonnets;
are composed entirely of lace, lined with lilac or pink gauze,
and ornamented with wild flowers; capotes a eoulisses of
crape are very numerous, and some bonnets have appeared in
Paris of clear organdy embroidered in coloured silks or
worsted, in small wreaths, taking the form of the front, the
ribbons to match, or nceuds of organdy similarly embroidered.
Dark ribbons are fashionable for straw bonnets ; many have
plaid velvet ribbon, in broches ribbons ; lilac and green are
those preferred.
Coral continues very fashionable in Paris, in cameos,
beads, or seed.

It is said that in a single pawnbroker's shop in the town of
Bradford, there are no less than one hundred thousand
pledges. The labouring portion of the population have al-
most all been obliged to have recourse to the pawnbrokers'
assistance.
