SELECT EXTRACTS.

The French and English residents at Rome, at this mo-
ment, are reckoned to amount to upwards of 12,000.
WATERLOO.—It appears by the twelfth volumeof Colonel
Gurwood's despatches, that at three o'clock of the morning
of the 18th of June, the day of the battle, when his troops
were snatching a brief repose, the Duke of Wellington wrote
three letters, two of which were in French, to Sir Charles
Stuart, the Duc de Berri, and the goternor of Antwerp,
calmly describing his situation, and expressing unshaken con-
fidence in the result.
SINGULAR FACT CONNECTED WITH THE JEWS.—What
the prophet, speaking with -the authority of inspiration, fore-
told, subsequent times and events have precisely developed.
Such particular and specific consummations of the several
prophecies demonstrate the unchangeable character of the
divine word, which shall not return unto him, but perform
that to which he sends it.. With relation to the singular
people the Jews, the general facts of their dispersion among
all nations are well known, and need not be repeated.
Although the extract subjoined does not verify any particular
prophecy, the singularity'of the circumstance has been re-
corded, and noticed by two eminent writers. Lord Royston
says, with reference to Koraz-bazar, " This place is remark-
able for being the only Jewish town without a mixture of
Christians in the world. They are all manufacturers, and
sell their wares through the Crimea, and are generally
esteemed for an honourable people. They are of the sect
called Karaites, and look on the Jews as heretical; for they
acknowledge only the text of the Old Testament, and reject
the traditions which the others consider of equal force with
the law. This circufnstance led me to imagine that their
name was derived from the Hebrew Kara (to read); whereas
I am well convinced it is from the Turkish Kara (black) ;
for they wear a long black dress peculiar to themselves, and
the name of their town in Tartar or Turkish,'which are only
different dialects, means ' the Black Market.' They have
settled in Crim Tartary from time immemorial, and assert
that they settled there before the Babylonish captivity, which
I myself am inclined to believe ; for they not only reject the
• Rabbinical interpretations, but also the Chaldee paraphrase,
which was necessary after the return from Babylon, when
the people had forgotten Hebrew." Of the same colony Dr.
E. Clarke speaks thus :—" We are highly interested by the
singularity of having found one Jewish settlement, perhaps
the only one upon earth, where that people exist separate
from the rest of mankind, in the free exercise of their ancient
customs and peculiarities." Can the history of this extra-
ordinary people be examined without impressing the mind
with the exact and determinate fulfilment of ancient pro-
phecy, and leave the mind unconvinced of them as certain
retribution on national irreligion, as on individual transgres-
sion ?—The Churchman.

A NORTHWESTER IN INDIA.—I never yet saw or read of
an accurate description of an Indian northwester, though I
have witnessed many. I have sat down and detailed the ap-
pearance of one accurately. The morning was extremely sul-
try, the thermometer in the shade standing at 105 degrees,
and the sun exceedingly fierce, for not a cloud veiled his ma-
jestic presence till he arrived at his meridian altitude. A bank
of sable vapour seemed, about 2 p.m., to lie brooding on the
horizon in the north-west, which was observed to progress,
very gradually, towards the opposite points of the compass.
The adjutants, vultures, kites, and crows, which, during the
previous hours of the day, had been, basking and solacing
themselves on the sunny plains of " Chowringhee," took wing
simultaneously, and in giddy circles tended their flight to
the thick groves of palm which skirted the margin of Hoogh-
ly's busy flood. Strings of " paddy" birds, resembling a smart
snow shower, with their chaste wings, whitened the air as
they retired before the approaching hurricane. The feathered
choristers in the shady trees were mute as to song, and an
awful silence seemed to sit, unusually heavy, o'er the sur-
rounding scenery. The husbandsaan was observed to aban-
don his labour, and the herds to seek the trees that dotted
the sward of the plain. Not a leaf breathed a whisper : the
animation of nature stood momentarily suspended. The sun
had, at this time, assumed a lurid, blood-coloured appearance,
and small eddies of decayed leaves were to be distinguished
here and there, wantoning in the atmosphere, the infallible
tell-tale of an approaching typhoon. The clouds, in one dense
mass of- blackness, slowly advanced like a pall. The trees
felt the threatening visitation of the approaching storm ; they
suddenly became tremulous ; the passive waters of the Hoogly
sympathised with their quivering agitation, the sand of the
plain flew in cloudy columns before the frown of the heavens,
and a murky gloom, amounting almost to darkness, momen-
tarily prevailed. The loftiest and sturdiest trees now con-
vulsively bowed down their proud heads before the irresisti-
ble blast of the hurricane ; the perturbed waters of the Hooghly
leaped widely out of their accustomed channel ; small boats
were hurled like stones from a sling, and dashed upon the
shore ; large ships heaved and laboured upon the restless lap
of the emmaddened stream, and many, bounding from their
anchorage, were In a minute lifted upon the land. The blue
sulphureous lightning now insinuated itself in spiral forms,
and fluttered along the plain, scorching the green sward that
it played over. The stunning thunder of the heavens opened
its re-echoing artillery, flinging its meteoric bolts, like dazz-
ling globes of fire, in various directions. The sluices of the
skies were opened ; hail-stones descended like grapeshot upon
the plain, and levelled both man and beast that were exposed
to its violence ; whilst the birds of the air, beaten down upon
the earth, were unable to rise, This seeming vision of judg-
ment shortly passed over our heads. The sun again smiled
with welcome beams ; the birds, in the then shaded retreats,
renewed their song ; the cattle were to be witnessed grazing
on the plain ; the ships, that had survived the fury of the
gale, lay motionless on the river; the paddle was again seen
propelling the boat upon its gentle surface ; the leaves of the
trees were wrapt in sleep, and a new life seemed to have been
born upon the earth ; night brought on the sweetness of re-
pose, and soothed the world in soft slumber. Such are the
effects of a north-wester in India.—Correspondent of the
Morning Herald.

THE FISH MARKET OF PETERSBURG.—A few places still
remain to be mentioned. Of these, none better deserve at-
tention than the fish-barges, or floating houses, near the
Isaac bridge, in which the finny tribes are preserved alive in
great numbers. The bottom of each huge ark is occupied by
square wells, each devoted to a distinct kind of fish. Here
may be seen cheap carp swimming next door to the costly
sterlet, and a few feet away from these, eels and flounders
may be seen sporting with great activity, in the perilous vici-
nity of a voracious, large-mouthed gentleman from the Bal-
tic, who would give something that the plank between him
and his dear friends could be remdved. But what strong-
snouted fellow is this, who next claims our notice? It is a
huge sturgeon (sturio huso), swimming at large in the river,
with a thick rope through his upper jaw, by which this " tri-
ton among the minnows" is kept as safe as a seventy-four
struggling within the Plymouth breakwater. The thick knot
above the horny gristle keeps him so securely, that you may
haul him home, and examine him at leisure. Here he comes,
splashing about as formidable as a young shark, though not
so large as the sturgeons on the American coast, which the
Yankees accuse of swamping their boats ; nor even like those
of the Danube, where they are sometimes found weighing
1500 lbs. Those of Lake Baikal, where they are very nume-
rous, are of much more moderate dimensions, seldom ex-
ceeding 200 lbs. weight. ,The rope next to this one moors a
smaller captive, perhaps of a different species. Poor fellows!
they must lead a sad life of it, notwithstanding this seeming
liberty of theirs ; for every hard-hearted kitchen wench, or
more scientific, but equally cruel maitre d'hOtel, who wants
a good fish to complete a dinner, has the right to tug them
about at pleasure, till some one, captivated by their charms,
compassionately ends their amphibious existence. For a
steed, not much larger than a good salmon, a nobleman, or
even a merchant, when he is giving a feast at his daughter's
marriage, has been known to pay as much as twelve hundred
roubles (£5O) : three and four hundred roubles are not un-
common prices. On tasting this delicacy, we by no means
found it so exquisite as to justify this enormous price. It is
a white fish, with a taste something between salmon and tur-
bot, but not so good as either. It is generally served up
whole, dressed with mushrooms and olives. The value would
appear to be enhanced in some way or other not explained to
us ;—probably by the expense of transporting them alive ; for
they are sold very cheap at the places where they are caught.
They are very abundant in•the Volga. The Sea of Azoff also
teems with them ; and even in the Black Sea they are so
abundant, that at Odessa they may be had for a shilling a
piece. Some years they would appear to be dearer than
others in the capital ; for of the two which we saw alive in a
tank in the Neva, the larger, about the size of a salmon in
its first year, was offered for 175 roubles (X 7), and the
smaller, like a sea-trout, for 75 roubles (£3). This was
called uncommonly cheap ; but seven pounds sterling for
eight or nine pounds of fish, was no bad price.—Bremner's
Excursions in Russia.

PROPAGATION OF PLAUGE.—Let us next see what Dr.
Gregson says about the causes which produce the:plague, and
favour its propagation. He " believes it to Ungulate from
miasmatic influence." He instances many facts, where me-
dical men, hospital servants, nurses, attendants, &c., have
been in constant communication and close contact with
plague patients, and yet have escaped the disease. And then
we come to the question of contagion ; and here Dr. Greg-
son states, " I am not aware of having seen one case con-
tagious, but on investigation have found many so reported to
be false." He believes that " communication by actual con-
tact will not produce the plague ;" and adds, that " during
the plague those who had to do with it feared it (the contact)
the, least, and the quarantine more." He mentions that
" cases have occasionally occurred in the navy," and con-
cludes by saying, " had it been contagious, it would have
spread." These views are confirmed by the experience of
Mr. Abbot, who is of opinion that " the plague is propagated
by infection," which he explains by " miasma in the air, or
by miasma from a diseased person. He also states, that he
" never saw the disease propagated by contagion ;" and he
" believes that communication by actual contact will not
produce the disease." And, lastly, he mentions a remark-
able circumstance of the appearance of the plague on board
the Aboukir, after she had been in quarantine six weeks,
during which period no plague had shown itself in the ship.
In this instance it was impossible to trace the disease to
contagion; for it appears that the individual first attacked
was a prisoner of war from Nablous, and it would he absurd
to assert that the disease had been latent in him during a
period of six weeks. Dr. Pruner differs slightly, though not
materially, from Dr. Gregson and Mr. Abbot. His evidence
is remarkable. He " believes that the plague is propagated
.by contagion and infection ;" and then immediately relates
two instances of plague, in which the parties were visited,
attended, and in contact with very many persons, and yet, in
spite of no precautions having been observed, not one was
attacked with the disease. As Dr. Pruner's answer was not
so satisfactory as I could have wished, I put another question
to him—" Have you ever seen the disease propagated by
contagion." Now Dr. Pruner had stated that "he saw 140
cases of plague," and yet in this large number he was not
(though impressed with the belief of contagion) able to de-
tect a single case of a patient having received the disease in
this manner. Dr. Laidlip,w says " that if the plague 'is pro-
' pagable by contagion (aria this I by no means deny in Coto)
yet it has been greatly exaggerated, and that so far from its
following as a general rule that persons exposed to the con-
tact of the infected are always or generally attacked, it ought
rather to be considered as the exception." In all this Dr.
Pruner seems to agree with Dr. Laidlaw. Dr.' Pruner be-
lieves that communication by actual contact, " does not
always" produce the disease. " Very seldom," he says,
" if the contact is slight, and if there is no epidemical dispo-
sition for the plague.' Finally, Dr. Pruner has, " very fre-
quently" seen cases of plague which could not be traced
to communication with infected persons." In addition to
these facts I may mention that Clot Bey, who has seen more
of the plague probably than any medical man living, is deci-
dedly opposed to and ridicules the doctrine of contagion.
The only physician of any reputation in the east who at pre-
gent advocates this doctrine is Bulard ; but as the opinions
of this great gentleman appear to have been formed in a very
equivocal manner, I shall merely call your attention to an
article published on the 10th of November, 1838, in the
Journal des Debate, leaving you to judge whether he be truly
and conscientiously a supporter of the notion that the plague
is capable of being propagated by contagion.—The most im-
portant, point, as I have already observed, connected with the
quarantine laws, is the acquisition of some positive knowledge
respecting the period which elapses between the exposure to
the miasma of plague and the developament of the disease
technically termed the " last stage ;" and upon this know-
ledge all sanatory regulations ought to be founded. Dr.
Gregson is of opinion, that the period in question is included
" between the fifth and seventh days." Mr. Abbot tells us,
" I cannot positively say, but I should think about 15 days."
Dr. Pruner places the extreme limit at five days." And
Dr. Iken, who saw a great deal of the plague at Alexandria,
mentioned to me that he considered the latent stage to be
three days. These opinions on the subject are a little at
variance. Mr. Abbot, who makes the duration of the period
longest, acknowledges that " he cannot speak pOsitively on
the subject." Of the rest, who' all have more confidence in
their opinions 'that I\lr. Abbot,,,Drs. Greg Son and Prdrier
agree almost entirely, and there is a difference of: only two%
days_betweenthe period fixed by them and th4t.fixedhy, Dr:
Llken.--Atolroyet on the Quarantine Laws.

.td. alooCT.—..(ls.

A village without a blacksmith's shop should be very mo.
ral and innocent, for in it there can be neither vice nor for.
gery.—Hook.

Some of our English miners carried out greyhounds to
hunt the hares in Mexico. The air on that elevated platform
9,000 feet above the level of the sea, is so rare that the mer-
cury stands at 19 inches generally, and the dogs were soon
exhausted with xunning in such an atmosphere ; but their
whelps are not at all incommoded by it, and hunt as easily as
the dogs of the country.—Brougham's Dissertations.
THE NEW VACCINE VIRUS. The last number of the
London Medical Gazette contains a third letter from Mr.
Estlin, continuing the account of the recent supply of cow-
pox matter from its original source to the present time. It
appears that the virus is extensively used in England, and
has been sent to the continent and to America. lts activity
is described as being undiminished by its passage through
about 20 human subjects. Mr. Estlin has sent some of it
to the National Vaccine Establishment, in London, to facili-
tate its being transmitted to those medical practitioners who
may wish to use it, as the government grants the privilege to
that institution of receiving letters of application, and of for-
warding vaccine matter to every part of the kingdom free of
postage.

MORAL COURAGE.—What is moral courage but the con-
scientiousness of fear ? Here -it is that the struggle and the
triumph of humanity are to be found. Natural courage
faces danger, and perhaps carries itself triumphantly through
it—perhaps not. But moral courage faces fear ; and, in the
very act of facing it, puts it down : and this is the kind of
courage in which we would have men trust ; for, if fear be
vanquished, what becomes of danger? It dwindles into the
very shadow of a shade. it is a historical fact, that nothing
but-the intense consciousness of his own natural cowardice
made the Duke of Marlborough the irresistible hero that he
was. This morally brave man was always greatly agitated
upon going into action, and used to say, " This little body
trembles at what this great soul is about to perform."—Black-
wood's Magazine.

A WOMAN WANTS ONE THING ONLY, A MAN Two.—
Oh, pitiable condition of human kind ! One colour is born
to slavery abroad, and another sex is born to slavery at home!
A woman, to secure her comfort and well-being in this
country, stands in need of one thing only, which is a good
husband : but a man has to provide himself with two things,
a good wife and a good razor ; and it is more difficult to find
the latter than the former. The doctor made these remarks
one day, when his chin was smarting after an uncomfortable
operation ; and Mrs. Dove retorted by saying, that women
had still the less favourable lot, for, scarce as good razors
might be, good husbands were still scarcer.—Ay, says the
doctor, Deborah is right. and it is even so ; for the goodness
of wife, husband, and razor, depends upon their temper ;
and taking in all circumstances and causes, natural and ad-
ventitious, we might reasonably' conclude that steel would
more often be tempered precisely to the just degree, than
that the elements of which humanity is composed should be
all nicely proportioned and amalgamated happily. The
Doctor.

IMPROVEMENT OF FRUITS AND VEGETABLES.--The
changes which the art of the florist induces, in producing
double and variegated flowers, are not to be compared with
the effects of cultivation on those fruits and esculent vegeta-
bles which have been for ages under the care, and as it were
the peculiar property of man. In a wild state, indeed, they
are hardly to be found at all ; or if found, hardly recognisable.
From an insignificant and acid fruit, or rather a mere berry
(for the fruit of the wild crab is nothing more,) have been
produced, it is supposed, all our large and delicious, varieties
of apples; the colewort, a plant Whose scanty leaves weigh
not more than half an ounce, is said to be the original of the
cabbage ; the potato was but a small bitter root, growing
wild in the regions of Chili. What encouragement do not
these facts afford to the cultivator who seeks to reclaim other
vegetables to the use and dominion of man ? and if he is,
as he has been said to be, a benefactor to his race, who makes
two blades of grass grow in the place of one, is not he one
also, who gives them a new fruit, or teaches them the use of
a new plant ?
A MODERN LITERARY AND PHILOSOPHIC SOCIETY.—
Davy next became a member of the ' ( Literary and Scien-
tific Universal Philanthropic Association." Oh ! how he
revelled in that paradise ; what brilliant essays he read ; what
philosophic lectures he delivered ; what wonderful theories
he expounded ! It was in his moral and metaphysical essays
that he shone forth ; and great were the discussions which
followed them, and varied indeed the talents and ideas of the
speakers. Mr. Nipkin would tell the members that, in cer-
tain circumstances, a man " sees himself lost in darkness;
Mr. Thompson would say that the soul was a certain some-
thing which only existed in thought, that thought was the
offspring of the mind, and that the mind derived being and
strength from the soul ; after this, Mr. Wilks would clearly
demonstrate that thought was the action of the mind, which
consisted of an infinite' number of infinitesimal particles,
which being themselves a coinage of the imagination, were
set in motion by sensations received from without, and thus
thought was produced (cheers) ! then Davy would wind
,up
the matter making all clear'and snug, by declaring that he
believed the mind to be a material mass formed of immaterial
and impalpable parts, which received impressions from with-
out, and then by intermixing them, in a manner which,could
not be explained, imagination and everything else were pro-
duced. Having heard these beautiful and explicit explana-
tions—lucid and easily to be comprehended—the audience de-
parted fully satisfied that they knew all about the mind and
its mysterious workings.—From the • Memoirs of Davy
Dreamy, edited by Flit.

HEREDITARY INETINCTS.-111 Dialogue IV. some remarks
are made upon hereditary instincts. Mr. Rouillon has re-
lated an instance of such instinct in the hunting dogs of Mex-
ico. Were they to attack the deer in front, whose weight ex-
ceeds their own sixfold, they would be destroyed, and have
their backs broke, as happens to other dogs ignorant of the
manoeuvre ; which consists in attacking from behind, or la-
terally, and seizing the very moment when the deer, in run-
ning, rests upon two legs. The dog then takes hold of him
by the belly, and throws him over. The dog of pure breed
inherits this stratagem, and never attacks otherwise. Should
the deer come upon him unawares (from not seeing him,) he
steps aside, and makes his attack at the proper time in the
animal's -flank : other dogs, however superior in sagacity and
strength, make the attack in front, and have their necks
broken by the deer. So, too, some of our English miners
carried out greyhounds to hunt the hares in Mexico. The
air on that elevated platform, 9,000 feet above the level of the
sea, is so rare that the.mercury stands at 19 inches generally,
and the dogs were soon exhausted with running in such an
atmosphere; but their whelps are not at all incommoded by
it, and hunt as easily as the dogs of the country.—Brimgham's
Dissertations.

A HUNTER IN THE PRAIRIE.---" Welt!" said Cheney,
after he had cooked the trout to a turn, and placed a plump,
red, juicy fellow, upon a clean cedar chip before each of us,
with an accompaniment of roast potatoes and capital wheaten
bread ; " now isn't this better than taking your dinner shut
up in a close room ?" " Certainly, John," said I. " A man
ought never to go into a house except he is ill, and wishes to
use it for an hospital." " Well, now, I don't know whether
you are in airnest in saying that, but that's jist my way of
thinking. Twice I have given up hunting, and taken to a
farm ; but I always get sick after living long in housen. I
don't sleep well in them ; and sometimes when I go to see
my friends, not wishing to seem particular-like, I jist let them
go quietly to bed, and then slip out of a window with my
blanket, and get a good nap under a tree in the open air. A
man wants nothing but. a tree above him to keep off the dew,
and make him feel kind of homelike, and then he can enjoy a
real sleep." " But are you never disturbed by any wild ani-
inal when sleeping thus without fire or a camp ?" one of us
asked. " Well, 1 remember once being awakened by a cretur.
The dumb thing was standing right over me, looking into my
face. It was so dark, that neither of us, I suppose, could see
what the other was : but he was more frightened than I was';
for when I raised myself a little, he ran off so fast that I
couldn't make out what he was; and seeing it was so dark,
that to follow him would be of no account, -I laid down again
and slept till morning, without his disturbing me again. " Sup-
pose it had been a bear ?" " Well, a bear isn't exactly the
varmint to buckle with so off-hand ; though lying on your
back is about as good a way'as any to receive him, if your
knife be long and sharp ; but afore now I've treed a bear at
nightfall, and sitting by the root of a tree until he should come
down, have fallen asleep, from being too tired to keep a good
watch, and let the fellow escape before morning."—Hoffinan's
Wild Scenes in the Forest and Prairie. '

ARCHIVES OF VENICE. CURIOUS INVENTION. No
capital in the world contains, in a single locality, a mass of
documents capable of comparing with that which is collected
in the Archivio Generale of Venice. This establishment
consists of two hundred and ninety-eight hallS, saloons, and,
galleries, the walls of which are covered, from the top to the
bottom, with book-shelves. If these shelves were placed
one after the other, they would form a line. of 77,238. feet ;
that is to say, nearly equivalent to the distance, from Paris
to Versailles. These shelves contain 8,664,709 volumes and
numbers. It has been calculated, that a thousand writers,
working daily eight hours a day, would employ 734 years, or
22 generations, in copying these documents. It has been
calculated that the number of leaves contained in these
8,664,709 volumes,
_amount to 695,476,720, which, if opened,
and placed one after the other, would form a band of
1,444,800,000 feet in length, by 16 inches. wide. Now the
circumference of the earth near the equator being no more
than 123,345,700 feet (French), by dividing the first sum with
the latter will be 'given. the quotient 11,130 ; a cypher which
indicates how often this band of literary workmanship might
encircle the earth in its largest dimensions. By reducing
these separate leaves into compact squares, and regarding
them as materials adapted for building, a pyramid might be
constructed out of them with a square base, each side of
which would be GS feet, and its height 428. This pyramid
would, therefore, be as high as that of Cheops, the highest
monument of this class. It would be equal in volume to
many of the pyramids of Egypt, and would surpass them all
in height, with the above-stated exception. In fine, a calcu-
lation, easily made, beginning with the same datum, would
show that the written surface of these .archives, taking the
front and back of each page, would cover more than half of
the department of the Seine. La Fraace Lqtiraire.

POLITICAL EXCITEMENT AMONG THE LADIES.—At one
period of her life, Lady Huntingdon appears to have been
much occupied with political questions. Her sentiments
were conformable with those of Sir Robert Walpole and his
administration ; and she was much connected with the cour-
tiers of that day. A little incident which occurred at this
period will serve to mark the natural ardour of her charac-
ter. There were some stormy debates in the House of
Lords, in May, 1733, on the depredations of the Spaniards,
in which Lord Huntingdon, Lord Hervey, and others of his
intimate friends, took a leading part. Her ladyship express-
ed her intention of being present, though ladies were ex-
cluded. " At the last warm debate in the House of Lords,"
says Lady Mary Wortley Montagu, " it was unanimously
resolved there should be no unnecessary auditors • conse-
quently the fair sex were excluded, and the gallery Clestined
to the sole use of the House of Commons. Notwithstand-
ing which determination, a tribe of dames resolved to show,
on this Occasion, that neither men nor laws could resist them.
These heroines were Lady Huntingdon, the Duchess of
Queensberry, the Duchess of Ancaster, Lady Westmore-
land, Lady Cobham, Lady Charlotte Edwin, Lady Archibald
Hamilton and her daughter Mrs. Scott, Mrs. Pendarves,
and Lady Francis Saunderson. I am thus particular in their
names, since I looked upon them to be the boldest assertors
and most resigned sufferers for liberty I ever read of. They
presented themselves at the door at nine o'clock in the
morning, when Sir William Saunderson respectfully inform-
ed them, that the Chancellor had made an order against
their admittance. The Duchess of Queensberry, as head of
the squadron, ' pished' at the ill-breeding of a mere lawyer,
and desired Sir William to let them up stairs privately.
After some modest refusals, he swore he would not admit
them. Her grace, with a noble warmth, answered they
would come in, in spite of the Chancellor and the whole
house. This being reported, the peers resolved to starve
them out ; an order was made that the doors should not be
opened till they had raised their siege. These Amazons now
showed themselves qualified for the duty even of foot sol-
diers ; they stood there till five in the afternoon, without
sustenance, every now and then plying volleys of thumps,
kicks, and raps, with so much violence against the door, that
the speakers in the house were scarce heard. When the
lords were not conquered by this, the two duchesses (very
well apprised of the'use of stratagems in war) commanded a
silence of half an hour; and the; Chancellor, who thought
this a certain proof of their absence (the COmmons also being
very impatient to enter), gave orders for the opening of the
door, upon which they all rushed in, pushed aside their com-
petitors and placed,thcinselvei ,in the faint rows of the gal-
lery. They stayed tllere till after eleven, when the house
rose ; and duringcthe,-rdebset92. gave applause, and showed
marks of ' disli4,Flipt ' opl3-A,vpgri and winks (which have
always been allowed.,iii ,tligsße:4sc,f.„).„l:)4,b,iliOik.:laiiglis and
'Apparel-4,G 9721/ttlils siipplised, thei,.tits, reason why :
poor Leig OFeV-W4Et TO 34iierelili,'"--Itre alOgigSlAt
pt
the Comn esrVirznyiukri 4::,,4).1 1,- :- .. . ,
,
' - - - - - • - '-- -

. •-
31,7;!s made
Last Packets Next Packets
DESTINATION. up in
Sailed. Due.
London.
Holland Tues. & Fri. • Mon. & Thurs.
irlamburg• & Swed. Tues, & Fri. Tues. & Satur.
Lisbon
Iberia, Liverpool,
Madeira }- Saturdays ..
Spain & Gibraltar •Fa. 18. , Feb. 24.
Malta and Greece.. 2nd Saturday Feb; 18. : - •
Egypt and India .. 4th Saturday . Feb. 18. • • ' .
Madeira lst Tuesday H.M.B.Qpossiim . . Seagul,
Brazil & B.Ayres each month. Feb. 9. March 29.
America lst Wednes. L.Melville,Feb* Magnet, Mar. 9
• f Jamai. L'ward , . . . ..
of 1H.M.8. MuOnc, Pigeon,
1 Isl. & Hayti.. Ist day
each month. Feb. 3. - April 2.
Laguirk : - ... . .

Seagul,
March 2g.
Magnet, Mar. v.
Pigeon,
April 2.
Peirel,•
f ,Niatch 'Aft;
Mardi =

• f Jamai. L'ward}
1 Isl. & Hayti
Lagoira
Mexico -imq Ha-
vana -1- ~ •- i-
1
II Jamai: L'Ward-
.1 lst.-&'.kayti -
Cartliag,:3l4,=.:..- = 1

Ith. day af:,;11.M.8. Reindeer
each naonthr, Fob ~tg
15th.darcf tti:lki.Pllldtrra:,
eYI-,t TriOrtth;
_

J~~ iii"~',.

Ittflatittts;.

LIVERPOOL COLONIAL MARKET, FEB. 22.

Sugar. In the beginning of the week the market was dull, but
since receipt of the letters per Jamaica mail, to 17th January, bring-
ing unfavourable reports of the working of the negroes there has
been a very good inquiry, both from grocers and refiners, and 1500
hhds. B.P. have been sold, establishing an advance of fully Is per
cwt. on last weeks' prices. 1100 bags Bengal, partially damaged,
sold at full rates. The demand for Foreign Sugar continues very
steady ; 110 cases Pernam, and 78 brls Bahia, offered by auction,
sold at fully former rates; for the Pernams, the middling to good
dry brown realized 21s to 22s 6d, soft middling white 245, up to 31s
for very fine, and the brls. from 2.1-s-66 to 24s gd for good dry yellow.
—The only transaction in Molasses consists of 120 puns middling
Demerara at 28s 6d.-500 bags East India Ginger sold at 20s—Cof-
fee. The demand for Plantation has been chiefly confined to the
ordinary and fine ordinary descriptions, which realized full prices,
whilst for good middling sorts there was little disposition to pur-
chase; the sales comprise 170 casks Jamaica, and 20 casks, 80 bags
Demerara. Nothing done in Foreign of any moment.—Nothing
done in Cocoa, Pepper or Pimento.—ln Rice, a few tees. dressed
Carolina have been taken at 40s, duty paid.—The importation of
Rum having of late been considerable, and some of the holders
anxious to sell, the market has in consequence declined 3d to 4d per
gallon on the better descriptions of Demerara, and Id to 2d on com-
mon Leewards ; the quantity disposed of only amounts to 150 puns
of good arid fine Demerara, 33 to 37 per cent O.P. at 5s to 5s 4d per
gallon.
_ _ _

- On Thursday last, 150 chests Bengal and 63b serons of Guatimala
Indigo e offered, of which 50 chests and 150 serons found buyers,
generally at 4d to 6d per lb under previous rates on the Bengal and
low Cortes, whilst the good and fine of the latter kind brought
within 2d per lb.—For Shell Lac there is a better inquiry, and 180
chests have sold at full prices.—Some black Cochineal sold at 6s lid
to 7s, and 750 bags of Saltpetre at 28s to 28s 6d per cwt.; in other
articles of East India Produce nothing reported.
Dyewoods. About 100 tons of Campeachy Logwood have been
disposed of at £l5 to .tl6, 100 of Jamaica at £52 lOs to £l2 15s,
and Honduras at £l2 lOs; the other sales have been to a small ex-
tent, without change.—The Turpentine market is extremely dull,
and at a sale to-day of 500 brls the whole was withdrawn, in con-
sequence of no offer having been made, except at a price_ much
below present quotations.—Nothing new in Ameaican Tar.—At a
public sale to-day of Montreal Pot Ashes, 24s 6d being the highest
actual bid, they were withdrawn, but a few have been sold at 26s 6d ;
Monteral Pearl Ashes steady at previous rates.—Quercitron Bark
continues neglected.—A parcel of New York sowing Flaxseed was
offered at auction, but for want of bidders it was withdrawn, and is
held at 85s per hhd.—A few packages of Bees' Wax sold at .e 9 5s
per cwt.—Hides. The only transaction to report is 700 dry salted
Aricati, at 54d per lb.—Tobacco. The sales of the week have been
120 hdds. viz. 10 hhds for Ireland, 30 hhds for re-sale, and the re-
mainder were taken by the home-trade, at full prices.
There has been more appearance of improvement in the Brim-
stone market than for some time past, with fewer sellers ; a small
advance' has consequently been obtained on the previous rates, but
the sales have been limited.—Sumac, Argols, Cream of Tartar,
Madders and Madder Roots remain without alteration.—The de-
mand for Olive Oil has been steady, with small sales at the-previous
rates.—The only business in Fish Oils this week is a sale of 30 tuns
Cod, at ..e29 lOs per tim from the quay ; Seal Oil is in very limited
request.—Linseed Oil is inquired for, and some further transactions
have taken place, at 2gs to 29s 3d per cwt., principally fcr export;
Rape Oil continues dull of sale.—Small sales of Palm Oil are
effected at about our quotation, but the demand is very trifling, as
the Soap-trade is dull.—Oil of Turpentine continues in very limited
request.—Holders of Hemp evince more firmness, and it is expected
a considerable quantity will be required for export, a shipment of
97 tons having already been made to New York, where the price
rules high : about 500 bales Jute have again been disposed of at ell
per ton.—Flax is little inquired for.—The transactions in Tallow
have been on the most limited scale, at the prices quoted, but some
shipments of this article are now making to New York, and should
any extensive quantity be required for that market, it may mate-
terially alter the features of this.

LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, FEB. 22.
The market has presented the same inanimate appearance as for
several weeks past, the demand having been confined to the limited
wants of the trade, the present state of which holds out no en-
couragement for purchasing beyond what is required for immediate
consumption. The firmness, however, of the principal holders and
importers of American keeps prices, under the circumstances, re-
markably steady ; though in partial instances, business may have
been done in low qualities at a decline of id per lb, and it would be
difficult to effect sales of any considerable quantity without sub-
mitting to a reduction. Brazil, Egyptian and Surat are rather lower.
1000 bags only of American have been taken on speculation; and
540 bags of Pernambuco, damaged by salt water, have been sold by
auction, which, though not included in the sales, are deducted from
the stock.

ACCOUNT OF SALES AND IMPORTS OF COTTON
From the 15th inst. to this day, inclusive.

SALES OF THE WEEK

Sea Island..
Stained

Current
Prices. l'

21id@ 31d
8 13

Bowed Georgia
j Mobile
1 Alabama and Tennessee 6i 7#
New Orleans
f Pernambuco & Paraiba 9/ 10/
1 Aricati and Ceara I 94 9i
Bahia and Maceio -1
f Maranham
1 Sawginned
Minas —
Para
Demerara, Surinam, &c 9l —12 a
Egyptian
Barbados

60
400
40
170 I

Peruvian
Bahama

Laguayra 8 -
Common West India, &c.. j
Carthagena Si 6
Smyrna evil
Manilla
Surat ..
Madras
Bengal

14060 bales

14274

:his year

LIVERPOOL PROVISION MARKET, FEU. 25.
There have been symptoms evinced, during the past week,
of a better feeling in the Butter trade; and a pretty general opinion
appears to be entertained that prices have seen their lowest.—There
is but a limited inquiry for Pickled Butter.—Beef and Pork are in
I.lisk request at very full rates.—Bacon goes off steadily.—Lard is
lower.

Belfast Butter o4s ( gjs per cwt.
Carlow, Kilkenny, tirc. . 9O 94
Newry, Banbridge, &c. . . . 80 92
Cork . 85 86
Beef lO5 120 per tierce.
Pork . 7B 84 per barrel.
Bacon 4B 50 per cart.
Dried Hams 6O 65
Lard, firkins 56 0
- bladdered • 60 64
