AUGUST 30, 15:36,

Mongers violated the very first fundamental principle of
their own charter of liberty, by re-instating the Queen
even, ad interim, in the false plenitude of her authority,
tinder it, as well as that of her new administration. We
ask the noble Foreign Secretary, " in our place," how
Qre these anomalies to be reconciled ? Are there any
Provisions in the quadruple treaty to meet their exigency ?
Is that treaty to be held binding, under all changes of
government and circumstances, with Christina, or her
masters? We wish to treat' the subject logically, and
even genteely—tenderly, if you please, under our battue,
"to assist in removing the bandage from the eyes of the
"tender deity," that he may shoot more dexterously
against the enemies of his favourite Queen, the arrow of
°l3 genius, especially as the last pull from his quiver, of
the little " Globe," recently levelled against ourselves,
fell harmless in the centre of our position, and which we
would not condescend to pick up, and, much more, scorn
to trample upon !

In our last, we gave free notice that the Irish cabinet
?r catholics were progressing with their administration,
1t having been decided in full conclave that they should
to all things take the lead of his Majesty's whigs, to
whom Dan of the base vial said, " We would not play
second fiddle' even though the greatest whig of the en-
tire lot should be richly decorated with the flowing curls
°fa lamb's tail." And for why ? " Because, said he,
" I carry a tail with a point at the end that will
take them all dance to my tune without a fiddler."
-tverily, this was most audacious, Master Dan ; but
really we cannot blame you therein, however we may
look down with contempt upon the servile company of
third-rate performers in state theatricals, who allow you
I??PlaYprimo buffo whilst they perform the puppets!
Well, the grand association, taking up Dan's solemn in-
ruction to cut down toryism, on or about the 23d instant,
argued their Proclamation to all " the boys" in all the
'counties of that "quiet and peaceable country known by
thee°gnomen of Paddy-land, commanding them to be at
their posts and to bring " yid 'em" the shellelah of all
" justice rent ;" and the following is the
nucleus of the order of the day for carrying on the opera-
tions:
10:: T. the men of Ireland—joint labourers in the mighty struggle
4,14 once lified a nation from the
your;dus, and made the slave sinews
is the golden opportunity for
°4l" ohs Must be furnished, comprehending as it does, the attain-
Oat of valuable political immunities, and the much required
the relief of those who suffer for conscience sake, whether in
a7,exercise of the franchise, or the resistance of an odious impost,
2,11' has claims upon the sympathies (qy. death's head ?) and
'ellerous liberality of all !
3 flow, Englishmen, seriously, what think you of this
sikPeal? Did you ever hear of this mighty struggle
:joillifted a nation from the dust, and made the slave a
"'"? In what part of the moon did it occur ? Does it
apply to the Liliputian people whom Gulliver, by their
ding, lifted into the palm of his hand? Verily, it is so
Profoundly metaphoric we cannot comprehend it—we
must net aspire to the genus of such rhetoric—it is out of
rier vocabulary altogether. Marvellous indeed ! Is it
deltic ? Is it Hindoostanee ? Is it Sanscrit ? Or,
fatiler, is it. not Mulgravian ? Well, perhaps we have
the
the
key, and we will consult the chief Secretary !
But " the golden opportunity"—what is meant by
this? Are the poor ragged, half-famished wretches who
are commanded to bring the " sinews of war" to the
Fathering to have the interest for their pence returned
tt sovereigns? Undoubtedly, these very pence, filched
from the pockets of the deluded votaries, will supply the
:leans of wholesale bribers/ to the O'Connellite priestly
110 t of trading politicians, and so far may realise a
Piden opportunity to many, who will be equally ready
`,.° sell themselves, whilst others will be driven by the
before-practised means of proved intimidation; thus, a
perfectly free and honourable franchise will be secured;
.44 independent " tail members" returned ! Then those
who suffer for conscience sake"—poor souls ! What
:to lie done for them ? Why, they are to be provided
resisting
of this " justice rent" with the means of evading and
the law—tle king's authority, conveyed by his
'j;itidges, and the rightful claimant is to be cheated of his
all'
other and plain words, no tithe is to be paid at
74 for the " rent" is to be the means of sustaining " the
resistance to an odious invest."
Men of England! you have the climax partly before
you -let us furnish the rest. This Godly tribe—this
Atlta of political alligators, have long since declared war,
ea terminating war against the word of God ; it is not,
therefore, by any means surprising that they should de-
lare war against the law of man ! This they will not
honestly tell you they have done in implicit obedience to
the decree of the Pope, or the expressed wishes of his
"liness, who long ago fulminated against Bible so-
cieties. And why, Protestants of England, we would
enquire? Simply because the Bible breathes the awful
language of truth, and truth is entirely subversive of
:Itholicism, which is founded in mystification, fanaticism,
rtiDerstition, bigotry, intolerance, and falsehood—there-
tore' they would, politically, keep men in darkness, that
idbeY may wear the degrading chains of ignorance and
latrY ; and yet these are the reformed and reforming
papists whom the march of time—the march of intellect
orand tile march of that spectral ephemera, the " spirit
the age," has reclaimed ! Yes, these are the half-
bred' the less ingenuous spawn of that precious set who
114 t Eng
land in flames and warmed Smithfield with their
murdering spiles—these, the hypocritical- semi papists
wi
1° affect to deny the temporal power of the Pope, and
i:t follow his very errors—who, while they preach to-
etati°ll, are intolerant by their very acts—aiming at the
x
In7eise of a positive despotism over the less informed
t4Cicttle more helpless portion of their own body—whilst
44,1ng against slavery seeking to make others slaves,
10'4, not only by stratagem, but by threat of fine, to pull
Wll an establishment which protestantism commenced
tliwhich protestantism supports—which has hundreds of
ruslnds in its list—which has thrown the mantle of
woort:ction over their poorer brethren, and spread the
6r,bueor God throughout nearly the whole of the habitable
translating it into more than one hundred and
'Y to ki•nd ues and dialects for the common benefit of man-

14 here then, men of England and protestants
of Eng-
ca.n(i. is the question fairly before you; this justice asso-
t:" is at once openly, arbitrarily, and avowedly ar-
qied against you—against your religion—against your
4°ll What are you prepared to do under the circum-
ti:tlees? Do you mean that this associated band of
413°tsi avowing allegiance to a foreign priesthood and
412ireign power, shall first beard you in your own castle
ei:ithen march in and triumph over you ? Equality of
tilt Privileges and equality of civil rights are not suffi-
ent for these equal-justice-loving mongers : ascendancy
oPcsitive controlling ascendancy is their aim and pur-
to e---nothing less. Men of England, are you prepared
4 13;leld We, as protestants, say no ; and we tell this
"constituted junta of registrative liberals, that their
saturnalia is thoroughly understood, and with them non
Z.er erunt saturnalia !
Ihilst these worthy lay brothers are thus performing
e!r Part at Dublin, under the express sanction of his
thalesty's government, the consecration of a popish ca-
t:drat took place at,Tuam, with due pomp and ceremony;
eed in absolute violation of the emancipation act, the
4tekgiastica/ titles of our protestant bishops are openly
ti
lic tirPed. The whig liberal papal press has, with the as-
4tance of its great cracked mortar, affected to make an
tilhgy for all this, and to extenuate what the Times
4°14 justly calls the "bye-blows" to
.protestantisin in
tieland The croaking of these pitiful showmen, who
li;val the doings of Richardson's buffoons, at Bartholo-
(1;1'P-fair has been so effectually silenced by the thunder
Printinghouse-square and the evening battery of
"Itlge-street, that little is left for us to perform, did our
hit),4ee and needful attention to other topics of pressing
h `e'est admit; and as the London conservative press
:8 the daily advantage of being enabled to exhibit the
il;e'Phantic panders to popery and deformed whiggistu
44,1/111 their naked deformity, and which is so patriotically 1
lth:eablY executed, little is left for our feeble dissecting
q$ e; whilst the Tuam exhibition, on general grounds,
lirt: its consequences, shall not escape our. attention..
,pl4-uttre neither. without inclination rior materials to dis-
-04." PoPery,priestly and political, in its title light before.
oil:"ntrYtnen; and as these quill trumpeters of the
made hlve made a 'signal failure of their attempt t.o
e pantomimic paiade at Tit= beneficial to. their
