MONEY MARKET,

EXCHANGE :—ln the expectancy that the packet would

sail on the 23d, business was done to some extent on Mon-
day, when 30 was the prevalent rate, a single transaction
having then occurred both at 29 3 4 at 3 days sight and at
30 44. Soon, however, as it became known that the depar-
ture of the packet was deferred until the 27th, business was
suspended, and was not resumed until to-day. Meanwhile
the market assumed a firmer tone, but gave way upon the
transactions of the day being entered upon, and 30 was, with
one exception at 30 4 4, the rate for the packet, the transac-
tions by which have been notwithstanding her protracted de-
tention, very limited.

The whole amount negotiated upon England since the Ist
of the month we do not consider underrated at £450,000.
Upon Paris bills were passed on the 21st at 320, and upon
Hamburg the only rate has been 590, at which business to a
fair amount was done on the 23d and this day.
STOCK :—Transactions trifling at 74 1 4 and 74 12.
continued tight, and
DISCOUNTS :—The market having
money in demand, the bank raised their rate to 7 per cent.
since the 23d instant, and at this abundant business is doing.
SPECIE :—Little doing, patriot doubloons have been sold
at 27 dollars 100. 27 dollars and 27 dollars 100 Spanish dol-
lars at 4 dollars 740 and silver coin at 73 1 2, 74 and 74 1 2.

When the notable project of the Niger Expedition
was first projected, it will be in the recollection of many
of our readers that we pointed out its impolicy, its in-
adequacy to the accomplishment of the objects pro-
posed, and the probabilities that it would prove, like
many similar experiments, an utter 'failure.

The recent proceedings of the agents of the Society
for the civilization of Africa have more than confirmed
us in the persuasion that our original views on this
question were strictly correct; and it is a source of sa-
tisfaction to us to learn that some of the best friends
of the Negro race coincide with us in opinion. In the
Times of Saturday last we find a long and elaborate
the resolutions adopted, on the document, containing
16th instant, by the committee of the Liverpool Anti-
Slavery Society, which fully corroborate the sentiments
which we formerly expressed, when animadverting upon
the scheme propounded by Sir Thomas Fowell Buxton,
and subsequently sanctioned by the Government.—
These resolutions of the Liverpool abolitionists are so
important that we feel constrained to adopt them as
our text in renewing our discussion of the subject.
The resolutions of the Liverpool Anti-Slavery Society
are based upon the deliberate conviction that " until
slavery be abolished, the slave trade will never cease to
exist." As long as markets arc open for the sale of
slaves, so long will the cupidity of man be tempted to
continue the traffic. All the navies in the world would
not suffice to put a stop to it. Already has this coun-
try expended millions of money, and sacrificed thou-
sands of her hardy seamen, in the vain and futile
attempt. The slave trade, if we may believe the state-
ments of Sir T. F. Buxton, has gone on increasing in
a fearful ratio, in spite of our efforts to crush it. The
liberation of the slaves in our own colonies, owing to
the subsequent conduct of the emancipated negroes,
has only tended to increase the abominable traffic.
The' diminished produce of the West Indies, especially
in the great staples of sugar, rum, molasses, and coffee
has caused an increased demand for slave-grown pro-
duce, and thus operated as a direct bonus upon the
indefinite perpetuation of the slave trade; whilst the in-
creased vigilance exerted with a view to its suppression
has also tended, in the same proportion, to aggravate
the horrors of the middle passage. These are facts
which have been so often reiterated that they must be
familiar to the majority of our readers. They do not
rest upon mere assertion, or upon doubtful authority
of any kind, but are based upon official despatches and
other historical data which must be deemed at once
satisfactory and conclusive.

The Liverpool Anti-Slavery Society, while they ad-
here to the principle to which we have alluded, refer to
the history of the African Institution, in proof of the
utter futility of seeking the suppression of the slave
trade in any other way than by first extinguishing
slavery. The African Institution was formed in the
year 1807, with the view of " introducing civilization
and legitimate commerce" into the continent of Africa.
Its object was thus perfectly identical with that of the
Society for the civilization of Africa. The African In-
stitution likewise professed to adopt the same means
for the accomplishment of that object as those which
have been recently sanctioned by Government. The

projectors of that institution looked to the approaching
cessation of the slave trade as likely to open the way
for the introduction of the comforts and arts of a more
civilized state of society. They anticipated the hap-
piest effects "from diffusing useful knowledge and ex-
citing industry among the inhabitants of Africa."
This is precisely the language employed by those who
are now agitating the country in favour of the African
Colonization Society. The African Institution sought
to extinguish slavery by means exactly similar to those
now so strenuously advocated by Sir T. F. Buxton.
These means are thus concisely stated in the resolu-
tions just adopted by the Liverpool Anti-Slavery
Society—

" 1. To collect and diffuse throughout the country accur-
ate information respecting the natural productions of Africa,
and in general respecting the agricultural and commercial ca-
pacities of the African continent, and the intellectual, moral,
and temporal condition of its inhabitants.

" 2. To promote the instruction of the Africans in letters
and in useful knowledge, and to cultivate a friendly con-
nexion with the natives of that continent.

" 3 To endeavour to enlighten the minds of the Africans
with respect to their true interests; and to diffuse informa-
tion amongst them respecting the means whereby they may
improve the present opportunity of substituting a beneficial)
commerce in place of the slave trade.

" 4. To introduce among them such of the improvements
and useful arts of Europe as are suited to their condition.
" 5. To promote the cultivation of the African soil, not
only by exciting and directing the industry of the natives, but
by furnishing, when it may appear advantageous to do so,
useful seeds, plants, and implements of husbandry.
" 6. To introduce amongst the inhabitants beneficial medi-
cal discoveries.

" 7. To obtain a knowledge of the principal languages of
Africa, and, as has been already found to be practicable, to
reduce them to writing, with a view to facilitate the diffusion
of information among the natives of that country.
" 8. To employ suitable agents, and to establish corre-
spondences, as shall appear advisable ; and to encourage and
reward individual enterprise and exertion in promoting any
of the purposes of the institution."

Now, it is perfectly notorious that these plans have
utterly failed. Notwithstanding the energy, the zeal,
and the perseverance displayed by the benevolent foun-
ders of the institution ; notwithstanding the labour and
expense which its directors incurred; they were
obliged to arrive at the conclusion which is emphati-
cally announced in the following words, at the end of
their last report. "Itis in slavery that the slave trade
has its origin ; it is the market provided by the slave-
holder which furnishes the direct incentive to all the
crimes of a trade in slaves, to the murders and confla-
grations which attend their capture, to the condensed
horrors of the middle passage which follows it, and to
the misery and desolation of a continent."
After a confession so explicit as that which is made
in the extract which we have just quoted, we may well
be excused for expressing our astonishment that any
body of men could be found so incapable of profiting
by past experience as to rush blindfold into the adop-
tion of the same delusive scheme. Yet such men, it
appears, are to be found; and we rejoice that the Liver-
pool Anti-Slavery Society has stepped forwards to ex-
pose the futility of such a scheme. In doing so the
members of the committee have best consulted the
interests of the Negroes themselves. They could not
have conferred a greater favour upon the degraded
inhabitants of Africa than that of preventing their best
friends in Great Britain from wasting their energies
upon plans which must eventually prove abortive
and injurious, to the neglect of other and practi-
cable means for the extinction of the slave trade.

As we are anxious to avoid the charge of misrepre-
senting the objects of the society which has been re-
-cently formed for the extinction of the slave trade, we
shall, on the present and future occasions, enter at
length into the plans and operations of the society, 'in-
troducing such suggestions as we may deem calculated
to facilitate the final overthrow of the infamous traffic
in human flesh.
Sir T. F. Buxton declares that the deliverance of
Africa is to be sought "in calling out her own re-
sources." This principle he, of course,..renders sub-
servient to Christianity, which must alone be considered
as the grand panacea for the cure of the multiplied
wrongs and sufferings of the benighted children of
Africa. In carrying out this principle, upon which his
scheme is chiefly based, Sir T. F. Buxton suggests
that government should render all the assistance in its
power, by enforcing all the existing treaties for the sup-
pression of the slave trade; by obtaining other and
more efficient treaties, with native chiefs as well as with
European and other powers; and by "promoting the
legitimate efforts of private individuals engaged in the
same object."

In furtherance of these efforts of the government
Sir T. F. Buxton proposes that the more important of
his plans, viz., the civilization of Africa, shall be car-
ried into effect by means of two societies—a benevolent
society, to watch over the interests of the Africans,
and a trading company, to cultivate portions of the
soil of Africa, and to instruct the natives-in the art of
civilization.

The recently formed society for the suppression of
the slave trade, adopting the former part of Sir T. F.
Buxton's scheme, proposes to accomplish the following
objects :

" 1. To make the Africans acquainted with the inexhaust-
ible riches of their own soil, and sedulously to direct their at
tention to its cultivation on a system of free labour. To con-
vince them, moreover, of the immeasurable superiority of
agriculture and innocent commerce, even in point of profit,
over the slave trade, which excludes them.

" 2. To instruct the natives in agriculture and practical
science; to cultivate small portions of land as models for
their imitation ; distribute agricultural implements, seeds,
plants, &c. ; introduce local and other improvements ; and
suggest and facilitate the means of beneficially exchanging
the produce of Africa for the manufactures of Europe.
" 3. To examine the principal languages of Africa, and re-
duce them, where advisable, to a written form.
" 4. To investigate the diseases, climate, and local pecu-
liarities of Africa, for the benefit as well of natives as of
foreign residents and travellers ; to send out medicines and
practitioners, and thus to separate the practice of medicine
from the horrid superstitions now connected with it.

" 5. To co-operate by every means in its power with the
Government expedition to the Niger; to report its progress,
assist its operations, circulate the valuable information it may
communicate; and, generally, to keep alive the interest of
Great Britain in the suppression of the slave-trade and the
welfare of Africa."

Here we have the African Institution revived in al-
most all the details of its machinery, and with a cer-
tain prospect of meeting with the same fate—utter
failure in the accomplishment of its designs.
The Liverpool Anti-Slavery Society express their
strong dissent from the plans thus propounded. The
grounds of their dissent are the following :—That all
treaties with civilized powers, and still more with the
native Africans, are of doubtful utility—that they are
likely to be evaded whenever self-interest and cupidity
render it desirable—that the enormous profits realised
in the slave trade must render nugatory all means for
its extinction short of the destruction of slavery itself
—that, while it is conceded that the introduction of
Christianity is the only means of paving the way for
the civilization of the Africans, the Society, while it
can do nothing directly in aid of this design, may be a
serious hindrance to the preaching of the gospel—and
that the measures proposed must eventually prove
abortive.

Such are the grounds which have caused the Liver-
pool Anti-Slavery Society to withhold their co-opera-
tion from the African Colonization Society. The
publication of the resolutions which the former have
put forth will prove a " serious blow" and " a great
discouragement" to the agitation of Sir T. F. Buxton
and his colonizing clique.

We are extremely sorry to find so respectable a jour-
nal as the Manchester Courier lending itself to an at-
tack upon a society which has been the means of ef-
fecting incalculable good in various parts of the king-
dom, and which is destined, we firmly believe, under
the divine blessing, to be one of the most valuable
auxiliaries to the Church of England that has ever
been called into existence—we mean the Pastoral Aid
Society. At the present time, when the enemies of
the church, whether Papists, Infidels, Unitarians, or
Political Dissenters, have entered into a confederacy to
accomplish her destruction, our excellent conservative
contemporary might surely have found a fitter object
of attack than a society which has contributed so
largely towards bringing into the fold of the Church
those who have strayed from it into the devious paths
of heresy, schism, and infidelity. The Courier may
rest satisfied that without the exertions of that party in
the Church, if party it may be called, under whose
auspices the Pastoral Aid Society has been established,
the Church of England would have long -since sunk

,into utter insignificance, and the tyranny of dissent
would have raised its revolutionary standard on the
ruins of our national Zion. To the zeal, energy, and
self-denying perseverance of the supporters of the Pas-
toral Aid Society do we, under Providence, owe the
multiplication of our churches and church-building
societies, and the increasing numbers who attend the
services of the Church. If the editor of .the Courier
had perused the reports of the Pastoral Aid Society,
and been made acquainted with its multifarious opera-
tions, he would never have ventured to pronounce its
pretensions " unfounded," and to accuse it of arro-
gance and assumption in denominating itself a "Church
Society." We fear that our contemporary has been
grossly imposed upon by some Puseyite or semi-Popish
divine, to whose representations he has too implicitly
listened, or else we should not have to complain of his
ungenerous attack upon so truly a " Church of Eng-
land" society as the one in question. We have reason
to fear that the Jesuits (see their oath in another co-
lumn) have been finding their way into the universities
and pulpits of the Established Church.

The auspicious event which we have to announce to
our readers in our present publication, that of the birth
of a Princess Royal, has given rise to the most lively
feelings of joy and gratitude in every part of the king-
dom. The most hearty prayers are offered up by every
loyal subject for the safety of the illustrious mother and
her daughter. Another link has been supplied in the
chain of the succession to the throne of these realms,
and fresh emotions of grateful attachment are inspired
by the event. Long may the royal House of Bruns-
wick continue to sway, in peace and prosperity, the
sceptre of Great Britain.

We do not know as yet what general expression of
the public joy may he adopted, on this occasion, in the
good old town of Liverpool. We trust that, whatever
form of rejoicing may be adopted, our townsmen will
not be behind the inhabitants of the metropolis in
attesting their satisfaction at the birth of the Princess
Royal, and their gratitude for the mercies vouchsafed
to our now matron Queen.
The birth of the Princess Royal was celebrated in
Liverpool by the unfurling of the royal standard on the
town-hall, and by the display of numerous flags on the
churches and the principal buildings, as well as from
the windows of many tradesmen. Prayers of thanks-
giving, during the forenoon service on Sunday, were
offered•up in several places of worship, and the bells of
the various churches have rung incessantly. Yester-
day the cannons at the workhouse were frequently
fired, and the children were paraded in front of the
building, singing as they proceeded, the national an-
them " God save the Queen," amidst the huzzas of
the multitudes who crowded around them.

Our contemporary of the Mercury, we did hope,
would not have bestowed upon us any further notice.
Our little escapades were, we thought, to he unheeded.
We were not of sufficient respectability to figure any
longer in her most respectable columns; and for the
future our talents and our wit were to he allowed to
rust neglected and unopposed by the only antagonist
worthy of our stab.

Cruel—alas !—was our miscalculation. Not a co-
lumn of the last publication of our offended friend is
free from some little ebullition of spleen towards us.
The venerable spinster; notwithstanding her protesta-
tions, notwithstanding her avowed contempt for us—is
afflicted with a sort of STANDARD monomania ; and
our very name seems to bring upon her an hysterical
affection, which we are confident must be seriously
prejudicial to her frail and feeble health. .Our poetical
corner even is not safe from her attacks. A short
copy of verses, addressed by some poetical contribu-
tor to the Rev. Hugh Stowell, has furnished her with
a theme for a column of twaddle ; and we presume that
a sonnet, addresed to the respectable old lady whose
labours provide us with clean linen, would be honoured
by a similar notice—so miserably off our contemporary
appears to be for a peg upon which to hang her sense-
less ravings. But we have not room or time for a
more serious notice, of her rhodomontade.
