HOUSE OF COMMONS, FRIDAY, FE8.27.

Mr. Alderman Wool) moved for leave to bring in a bill for
the improvement of Smithfield Mailer.-
Mr. H. &LIVER rave notice of a motion respecting the et-
pence of consular establishments.
Mr. BARING presented certaiu statistical tables relative to
the population, and the state of the committee and finances 01
the country, which were ordered to be printed.
vaikuut.LENT IMPORTATION of, GRAIN.
Mr. HANDLEY wished to ask whether it was the intention of
government to propose any measure to prevent the fraudulent
importation of fore►gn grain into the Isle of Man, and the chan
nel islands, Guernsey and Jersey.
Mr. BARING said-the subject adverted to by the hon. gentle-
man was almost the very first to which his attention was drawn
upon entering office. The subject was under consideration, and
he hoped shortly to be able to propose some measure upon it.
In answer to a question from Mr. Hutt,
Mr. I.3ARING said it was the intention of government to in-
troduce a ►measure early to prevent the fraud of shipping Baltic
timber to Canada and reshipping it in Canada fur England.-
Information was collecting on the subject.

MUNICIP4I. ItEFURM.
Mr. AINSWORTH said he rose for the purpose of putting s
question to the right hon. baronet (the chancellor of the exche-
quer.) The right hon. baronet had announced his determina-
tion to carry forward the great principle of reform: Now, the
question he was desirous to receive some answer to was this—
was it the intention of the present government that the new"
boroughs should be converted into corporations, with the right
of electing their own officers, upon the principle of the
franchise?

The CH A NCF.I.LOR of the ExcusucEa was desirous to know,
betbre answering a question of such importance, what sugges•
tions might have been thrown out by the commissioners of
municipal inquiry as" to the desirableness or forming the no/-
boroughs into corporations, and the most adv6able mode of
carrying it into effect, if it should be thought desirable.

THE ADDRESS.

Sir E. KNATCHBULL appeared at the bar with the report o'
the address.

The question being put that the report be brought up,
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, it probably is the
most convenient course, as well as the most respectful towards
the house, that I should take the earliest opportunity of putting
gentlemen in possession of the course which I mean to pursue.
(Hear, hear.) If I did not. answer the question of. the noble
lord last night, I am sure that he will believe me when I say
that it was not out of any disrespect to him or any unwilling-
ness to afford the house any information that it was in my
power to give it, and still less from any desire to take any un-
fair advantage. (Hear, hear.) I did certainly wish, ina 113,3 k
ter of such great importance, to have a little 'tithe to consider
the course I should pursue, and to exclude thereby the possibi-
May of acting under the momentary influence of temper cr
disappointment. (Hear.) I also bore in mind that sometimes
hasty decimations nod been made in this house, to which it was
found afterwards not expedient to adhere. I had, for instance,
before my mind the vote upon the malt tax last session, (a
laugh,) and therefore, judging by past experience, I thought it
better to take a little time to consider than to come to a hasty
decision on the subject. Another reason why I aas anxious
to postpone any decision on the subject was this, that the debate
had continued for three nights, that there was a pretty general
expectation that it might be prottacted beyond last night as,
there were several persons who 'might have been expected to.
speak, and therefore that it was possible that a number of mem-
bers might have been excluded last night, who, upon another
occasion, would vote with us. I wished, under these circuitY
stances, to have an opportunity of ascertaining whether the di-
vision of last night was accidental, or a fair indication of the
decision of the house. I have since made inquiries on that
point, and I now do not hesitate to say that it was a fair indica-
tion of the sense of the house (loud cheers from the opposition)
and that if I endeavoured to subvert it—a course which it we
perfectly competent for me to adopt—l should not succeed. I
beg to say that under such circumsranceti have nu intention of
but v.,rting the decision of last night, amiss if the effect of this my
resolution shall be to prevent the continuance of any new de-
bate or further delay on this subject, it will be doubly satisfac-
tory to me. (Hear, hear.)
Lord J. Ri,ssett, expressed his approbation of the course
which the right hon. baronet proposed to pursue in this instance.
He begged to give the hon. baronet notice, that, on the propo-
sition foe going into committee on Monday next, lie should
probably feel it his duty to ask him• some 'questions respecting
the rumours which had been that morning Miner as to the tip%
proaching dissolution of parliament. (Hear, hear.)
Sir 11, PEEL wished to know if it was the intention of the
noble lord to ask him any other questions on that occasion, as in
that case lie might give him a similar notice of them ?
Lord J. ItUS3IiLL was not aware at present that he. had
any. other questions to put to the right hou, baronet on thatoc-
, casion.
Ale. HUME said that it had beets his intention, on the bring-
ing up of tae report, to address the House at some length,- but
after what had been stated by the tight hon. baronet, he should
alter his course, and thereby save the time of the house. He
,W no hesitation in admitting, in accordance with what had
Allen from hen. members opposite, that there were great differ-
ences of opinion upon that as well as upon the other side of the
house. But there was i5-differeece of opinion amongst-mem-
bers on his (Mr. Humes) side of the house upon one point, a.ad
that was their desire to remove his Majesty's present ruiuisters.
(Hear.) If he had followed the 'dictates of his own, .mind, he
would have thought it better that they should have_ taken a

~ 1
given
to co.
!Lail]
"I

Du
118t~
%err
LY et
the ti
31117.

.~,~;-~-

MARCH 3, 1835.

.
course more in :acCnrtlance with the opinions of their constieti;
.ents, and tif,.he believed, a large portion of the community, and
. hsould have come direct,y to a vote of no confidence iu his Ma-
jesty's government. (Hear, hear.) But to show that they
were not that 'rope of'sand which they had been described by
hon. members Opposite, they were determined to keep united on
that one pciiiit,lowever they might differ on others, until they
had attained their object-the removal of ministers. The bon.
'member thetiiiroceeeed to comment at great length on the dif-
tferent speeches delivered on the debate on the address. He
'said,-in the-course of it, that Lord Brougham was in every re-
'spect, bothipublic and priVate, a superior man to Lord Lvnd-
lurtit. He admitted that themilitary knowledge of the Duke
'of Wellington was superior to that of Lord Palmerston, but
"contended that the latter was the best foreign secretary, and
',that'Leird Melbourne was also superior to Sir Robert Peel. At
-the close of Mr. Home's speech
Cokinel SIETtiORP said-that he had never made any assertion
that was devoid of truth, and if.the hon. member for 'Middlesex
'alluded to him (Colonel Sibthoi p) in the observations he had
_inane, he (Colonel Sihthorp) would tell the hon. member that
belied asserted that which was not true.
Mr. Hume (with some wartnth).—What does the hon. and
, gallant colonel mean? If the hon. and gallant colonel alleges
• that I have said anything untrue (laughter)—
Colonel SlBTlioap (with great warmth, by which the laughter
of the house was teueWed)—l ask the hon. member for Middle=
sex if he charges me with untruth ?
Mr: HUME.-1-did not notice the.hon. and gallant member
at all, and therefare I did not charge him. (Great laughter.)
Sir E. WiLstox hoped that after the very personal attack
which the hon..member for Middlesex had thought proper tri
make upon him and other lion..ineinbers' whiff had the other day
attended at the house of the noble Itid- themember, for North
•Lancashire, the Initisewiitild iodolge him fur. a very few Mo-
ments. (Hear,heitr.); He. begged,. in .the, first place, and'in
the strongest terms that the forms of parliament would permit;
to repel with indignation the-language: which -the hon. member
had applied to •Inat and:to :oi hers;: when he designated them as
" wol ees in cheeps' clothing." (Hear,- hear.) The aceusatieu
, was most unfair and most Unjust lovrarcis' him, 'as: the hen:
member must admit, if he would recollect the votes he (Sir E:
Wilmot) had given duriug the last: two sessions of parliament:
*Meat, beat..) Without one single exception, he had voted
with the must liberal side:of the house.- • " ;
Mr. Richards, .Mr. and :UT. Emerion Tennent
also repelled with great warmth the attacks of.Mr..Hume. 'After
a protracted debate, in which Mr. Spring. Rice, Sir. MyW'
Mr: V:O'Couuor, Sir ff. Haroing-,:Mr. Finn, Mt:'W.
Williams, Mr. G. F. Young, M. Curteiss, anct•Mr. T. Attwood
e
took part. .
The repot on the address was agreed to, and the address
was ordered to be presented to his Majesty by the • whole house,
such memberi of the house as-were members;oi the privy council
being desired to learn.when it would be his:Majesty's pleasure'
to receive it, ,
' ' Mr. GOtit.auan intimated that.his Majesty would receive the
atilt ess to-day.
' Mr. Hi sic inquired at what hour to-morrow the address would
be presented?' •• •
Mr. GoULBURN, in reply, stated that he should propose that
:the house meet to-morrow at I o'clock, for the-purpose of taking:
into consideration; the King's speech, but it was impossible for
hint at. that liniment to state the particular time when his •Ma-:
jesty would lie pleased to receive the address.
An hnn. Member gave notice that on the Bth of May he would
move for leave to bring in a bill to alter and amend the laws're-•
'Wing to game in Scotland. • • •
Mr. F. BUXTON wished to know what steps the oovernment'
had taken, or intended to take, with respect to the education of
negroes in the West Indian Colonies?
Mr. W. E. Gr,/, DS roNX. said that as soon as his majesty's
present government entered office, the attention of the noble •
individual at the head of the government was directed to the
subject mentioned by the hon. member. A short time previous
to that circular, questions had been sent to all the colonies in the
West Indies, -demanding from all religious and ecclesiastical
bodies in the colonies full itiformation as to the extent of the
means already_existii;g for supplting instruction to the negro
Population. Until that information was obtained, it was obvi-
oust/ impossible for the government to propose any definite
measure on the subject.. Should any deficiency in the means of
supplying instruction be found to exist, be had no doubt it would
be made up in the first instance from private sources, and after-
wards by parliament. (Hear.)
Mr. Pl. BUXTON observed, that it had been understood when
the act for the abolition of slavery was passed, that no magis-
trates connected with the West Indies would be appointed
special magistrates under that act. lie wished to know whether
the appointment of magistrates in Jamaica had been regulated
by that principle ?
Mr. W. E. GLatiszOn said that no person interested in
Vest Indian prOperty had been appointed as a magistrate in
that colony. Ihe governor of the colony had refused his assent
.to Li bill according to which .the magistrates connected with the
velouies would uecessarily, and, of course, be appointed magis-
trates under the act; and his refusal had been approved of by
:the government at home.
Mr. O'Bui est moved that it was the opinion of the house that
;the pehlie at large Should have the opportunity of pun-basing,
:At as,leiv a rate as circumstances would admit, the statutes, and
,all.other pailiamentary papers, which might. be printed for the
.use of the house.
After a short conversation, in which Mr. Hume and Sir 11.
Peel took part, the motion was withdrawn. with the understand
ing that it would be brought forward on Tuesday next in a dif-
fer-ea form.
At a guarter to nine o'clock the house adjourned till Saturday
one o'clock.

THEATItE•ROYAL, •LIVEAPuOL.

ITALIAN- OPERA

TADA IVJE KYNTHERLAND, Prima Donna, respect-
..IY.II. fully informs the Nobility, Gentry, andthe Public, that
her BENEFIT will take place this present TUESDAY, the
3d inst., on which occasion the Marquis de Muti Pavazurri has
kindly consented to lead the Orchestra, and to Sing the cele-
brated and favourite Clavatina of " Il soave contento," by
Paccini; and when will be
.performed (third time) Rossini's
celebrated-Tragic Opera of _
