• A person stands in front of the party to whom this oath is ad►ni-
nistered, holdinz a drawn sword with the point towards his breast.

LONDON LATEST NEWS.

Saturday Evening, half-past Seven o'Clock.
It will be seen by the parliamentary reports, that mi-
nisters were again in a minority in the House of Com-
mons, and that the Jesuitical attempts of Lord Althorp to
perpetuate factory slavery have failed. This is the sole
topic of conversation hem to-day in the absence of all
other news. The result has been so satisfactory to every
friend of humanity, that the conduct of Lord Ashley has
met with just eulogy.
We have had no political intelligence of any import-
ance since we last wrote. The operations of the Consol
market have been upon a limited scale, and the quota-
tion, which, since Wednesday, has been generally at 90,
has closed this afternoon at 90,1 There has been a
considerable advance in Bank Stock during the week.
Op Saturday last it was 203-,% and it closed this afternoon
at `2034. The northern Bonds are also buoyant. Bel-
gian Stock has risen to 93, Dutch to 491, and Russian to
103. There has been great dullness in Spanish Stock,
which has been done at 18, but has since rallied to 181.
Marshal Solignac, the great commander (ex) of the
armies of Don Pedro, is in town. The parties uphold-
ing the Brazilian ex despot have been importuning the
Marshal for his opinion of the prospects of the expedition
recently sent from Oporto. His replies, we understand,
have perfectly satisfied the enquirers, and the Script has
fallen to 21,- discount. _ _ _

The latest accounts from Greece furnish us with va-
rious acts and decrees of the Government. One of these
states the emoluments of the public functionaries : that of
the ministers is 12,000 dragmes, of the prefects 6000, of
the first councillors of state 4200, of the second council-
lors 3600, of the secretaries of the ministers 2400, and of
the secretaries of the prefects 1800. Six dragmes are
equal to one Roman crown. Considerable difference of
opinion prevailed as to the city to he fixed upon as the
capital of Greece. Some selected Athens, others Argos ;
but it was understood to be in contemplation to found a town
in the isthmus of Corinth, to be called Otho, and which,
from its central position, could not fail to become a place
of great commercial importance. According to these ac-
counts, an English and French squadron were expected in
the Archipelago.
