MISCELLANEOUS.

A gentleman exhibited on Saturday a novel description of
boat on the Serpentine. It consisted of oil-cloth, and; upon.
being opened,. assumed the form of a very beautiful boat. He
crossed the water, and afterwards rowed up and down with as-
tonishing rapidity. -
One of the French Savans having, ,at the risk of his life,
gained an inner chamber of the largest pyramid, cried out in
money, on seeing its dimensions, " What a splendid place for
a billiard room."
It has been proved, to the satisfaction of the Shipwreck Com-
mittee, that the majority of the diSasters which take place at
sea, are mainly attributable to a want of competent nautical
education among those who navigate vessels. •
ORTHOGRAPHY.—In King-street, Seven Dials, a large pla-
card is exhibited in a shop window, on which is written,' in large
characters—" Bedstids, chines, tables, and all sortes of Furrier-
tire bought hear. the best price give—ring the bottom-hell."
CHEAP PHILANTHROPY.—Some one, saying of Home that he
was a friend at a pinch, "I think," was the reply; "he's only a
friend at a sneeze—all you can get from him is a God bless

you.' "

CHURCH-noosi.—lt appears from a statement laid before the
late scientific meeting at Bristol, that in Glasgow alone up-
wards of 60 new churches are wanting to accommodate the en-
ormously increased population of that one place.
BRITISH Btac.ks.—Previous to the year 1755, all colliers and
other persons employed in coal works, were, by the common .
law of Scotland, in a state of slavery. They, and their wives
and children, if they had assisted for a certain period at a coal
work, became the property of the coal-masters, and were trans-
ferable with the coal works, in the same manner as the slaves
on a West India estate.
The House of Commons have 'voted £20,000 towards the
erection of school-houses in England, to be granted in aid of
Voluntary subscriptions.
The Revising Barristers are in great dismay at having, owing
to a blunder at the Home Office, their duties to perform during
the Term, instead, as hitherto, during the long vacation.
ENGLISH IN FRANCE.—There are said to be upwards of 20,000
English at this time in Paris alone.
Both the sides of a deep grave in the burial-ground attached
to the Independent Chapel, Dewsbury. Yorkshire, recently fell
upon a man who was digging it, and enclosed him as high as his
breast. The poor fellow was quickly discovered and extricated;
had he been in a stooping posture he must have been entombed
alive.
REMARKABLE BIRTH.—The wife, of a poor btAndustrious
man, of the name of Angliss, residing at No. 45, Praed-street,
Paddington, gave birth, on Thursday- last, to two fine boys, and
on the, following day to a fine girl, who, with the mother, areal!
doing well, and are likely to survive.—Morning Herald.
The annual cattle show of the Liverpool Agricultural Society
is fixed for Thursday the 6th of October.
The shares of the Liverpool and Manchester Railway, on
,which £lOO was paid, are now selling at £?SO. The quarter
shares at £69. The London and Birmingham £6O shares are
quoted at £137; and the Junction, £6O shares to unite the Liver-
pool and Birmingham railways are charged,at £l5O.
A short time since, when several trading vessels were moored
in the harbour at NortlrShiclds, a salmon of 101bs. weight leaped
into one of the jolly boats—being pursued, it is' supposed, by a
porpoise.—Stambrd Mercury.
Wall fruit, though more abundant than was expected, is very,
inferior both in size and flavour to that of last year.
At yeller' near Sintzheim, in the Grand Duchy of Baden,
there lately died a Jew, aged 106. •
LARGE LETTERS IN SHOW-BILLS.—When Mrs. Billington
and, Miss Parke were engaged to sing at a concert, the latter
lady threatened to renounce her engagement if her name were
printed in smaller type than that of Mrs., Billington. Where-
upon the conductor apprises his prima donna of her coadjutor's
determination, and desires to know what course he is to pursue.
"Print my name (said the finest singer. of her day) in the
smallest letter employed in the bill." This was done;, and
much Miss Parke gained by her corpulent type.—The Musical
" World.

MADAME MALIBRAN.—We learn from the New (Means True
American that Mr. Caldwell has authorised his agent to' offer
this distinguished vocalist £lO,OOO sterling for one year, to play
in the Italian and Euglish,opera in the United States. This
is not a bad offer and might be profitable. New York Ga-
zette.

The Hon. Chas. John Canning, the member for Warwick,
was educated at Eton. He obtained a studentship of Christ.
Church, Oxford, upon the nomination of the late Archdeacon
of Oxford, Dr. Pett, who had been his father's tutor and inti-
mate friend, and in 1833 distinguished himself in his examina-
tion for the degree of Bachelor of Arts, being in the first class
in Literis Hunzanioribus.
Since Mr. Green's firstattempt at ballooning he has travelled
through the air above five thousand miles, having made 218
ascents, and has had a bird's eye view of every part of Eng-
land.

Bishop White, of the: diocese of Pensylvania, died at Phila-
delphia, on July 17, at the age of-88.
A workman in a colliery near Wakefield, through whose neg-
ligence in using a lighted candle an explosion of fire-damp
took place, which killed several individuals, has been commit-
ted to York Castle, under the Coroner's warrant for man-
slaughter.
The Cork Reporter states that the Conservatives of that county,
during the last two years, have acquired a majority exceeding
200 in the registration lists.
In one day last week, the London Bow-street officers suc_
ceeded in seizing a number of packages of ainstampect news_
papers, dated Sunday, August 21, containing above 3,500 copies.
It seems that, notwithstanding his boasted prOspeCt of success
at Tiverton, Lord Paltnersten, in the e.veht of a dissolution of
Parliament, means to try his fate
.once more in South Hants.
There is one proverb that speaks of " two strings, to the bow,"
and another of " two stools."
Since the 4th of July last, the flag of the United States has
been spangled with twenty-six stars, two being-added in conse-
quence of the admission of the States of Arkunsas and Michigan
into the Union.
The Dorfzeitang (Village Journal) says that the homce
pathetic doctors warn against seabathing, on account'of the in-
toxicating quality given to the sea water, by the fact that a
zealous friend of temperance societies, at Sydney, in New
South Wales, had let six hundred gallons of rum and gin into
the sea.
TeaNsUBSTANTIATioN.—An English protestant lady, having
married a Roman catholic gentleman, with whom she lived
some. years without having any difference on' Phe subject of
religion, till the priest who visited them took the liberty to in-
trodbce the doctrine of transubstantiation; the lady,in conver-
sation ,on the subject, asked the priest " whether, supposing
she should make the wafer herself; it- would make any dif-
ference r She was answered that it would not, for when it was
consecrated, it was of no consequence who made it. On this
assertion the lady declared, that. if she was permitted to make
her own wafer, she would have no objection to attend with hor
husband on the next Sunday at the chapel. On Sunday morn-
ing she went with her husband—the wafer being given to the
priest, it was consecrated; but on its being received, she re-
quested permission to ask if he (the priest" was sure that there
remained no more of the substance of which she at first made
it. Ile instantly and positively assured her, conformable to the
article of his faith That there was a -conversion made of
ianwi
,an
that
ra
tncooi
fumihdoe rnreeoatol
do
really
emal
ieneryv.
ehs uabr whatmst
,a nbhcueet . " She
the whole substance of the bread into the body of Christ; and
tnt
ohoabwit.e thereatsrsuuer?
tdri
hemi
firmedasfhsheaf waa
sure it would injure both her and her husband, for she had
made it with arsenic. The priest, however, refused to eat it ;
and her husband, who till now knew nothing of her motive, was
so much astonished at her conduct, and so enlightened by this
circumstance, that he resolved tor ever to separate himself from
the church of Rome, which he did from that day.
CHESHIRE JUNCTION RAI LWA T.--A meeting of the sharehold-
ers in the Manchester and Cheshire Junction 'Railway was held
on Thursday last, at the Albion Hotel, at which Benjamin Braid-
lev, Esq., presided. The proceedings were opened by Mr.
Wheeler, the solicitor to the company, who read a report of all
the proceedings taken by the committee subsequent to the 28th
of May last, and adverted to the different representations made
by the committee of the South Union Company, with a view to
refute a considerable number of the statements. The chairman
read a series of resolutions, which were laid before the meeting
and passed. He also read a letter from the directors of the
Grand Junction Railway, expressing their regret for the failure
of the Cheshire Junction Company in procuring their bill last
session, and assuring them of their cordial co-operation in pro-
curing one next session; and a series of resolutions emanating
from-the same source, defining the terms of traffic on their
which were extremely favourable to the Cheshire Junctiou
Company, was likewise produced. The chairman also read let-
ters from Chester and Crewe, and from the Wolverhampton and
Worcester Railway Company, each declaratory of a favourable
feeling. Mr. J. C. Dyer suggested, that the sense of the meet-
ing, should be taken whether they ought to make application to
Parliament a secOrid time; he had no doubt in his own mind,
but he wished to give the shareholders. an opportunity of ex-
pressing their opinion. Mr. Chappell stated that he had been
at Liverpool, and the shareholders there considered the utility
of the Cheshire Junction line nearly tantamount to that of the
Liverpool Manchester line itsett—Tbe chairnlan then put
the proposition to the meeting, and it was. carried unanimously.
Mr. 'Dyer then took the chair. 'Thanks were vuted by ac=
clamation to Benjamin Bruidley; Esq., Whom 11 r. li3er and
others greatly eulogized for his conduct on every occasion,
and the business terminuttd. The resolutions will he t. umd in
our advertisiug colttums.— Manchester Chronicle.
