THE PASTORAL AID SOCIETY

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.
hav3 just received a copy of your paper published
on the 4th instant, containing a letter from the Rev. W. C.
Lawrence, on which letter I will trouble you with a few,
very few remarks.

Everything that has been said by him, by yourself, and
by your other correspondents, on the subject of the misun-
derstanding between me and the Pastoral Aid Society, has
been to me highly satisfactory ; because everything so ad-
vanced has had a tendency to disabuse the public mind with
regard to the principles and operations of the society.
Mr. Lawrence says that " there are different views of
church principles entertained among churchmen." " The
Pastoral Aid Society is ready to assist those who agree with
her in principle; the Additional Curates Fond will aford
scope for the liberality, or supply funds for the necessities,
of her friends. Now, sir, this is speaking plainly : this is
the kind of honest admission which we have a right to expect
from a respectable clergyman like Mr. Lawrence. But why
has not the society spoken out as plainly as this honest,
straightforward local secretary? Why has not the society
confessed that it is established for party purposes ? Why
has it not acknowledged that it will only employ Simeonites,
of whom I entertain precisely those opinions which you have
expressed (in language stronger than I should use myself)
with respect to the more orthodox members of the church ?
Why this system of deception ? 'Why this concealment of
the truth hitherto, which I, whom you will call a semi-
Papist, should regard as a truly Papistical method of obtain-
ing money from persons who would not have given it were
the objects of the society honestly avowed ?
If the Pastoral Aid Society had declared its character, in
stead of concealing it ; if, instead of assuming to itself tlic

appellation of a church society, it had avowed (what its ac.
credited local secretary has so candidly asserted) that it was
established for party purposes, I should certainly never have
applied to it for aid. But the Additional Curates Society
acts strictly in accordance with its professions : it is a soci-
ety for providing an income for curates in places where they
are required ; and it is nothing- more. It is not formed to
support a party, but it is formed to aid the church ; and it
was because I found that some Simeonite clergy had obtained
grants from that society, and had appointed Simeonites as
their curates, that I applied to the Pastoral Aid Society,
expecting it to act as fairly on its professed principles as the
committee of the Curates Fund bad done. The committee
of the Curates Fund make no inquiry as to the opinions of
the clergy they pay ; they know not whether the curates hold
or renounce the Simeonitish heresy; they leave it entirely to
the incumbent to appoint, and to the diocesan to approve of,
the curate. I 'lave thought it necessary to say this in be-
half of the Additional Curates Society. According to the
confession of the local secretary, and according to its prin-
ciple of action, the Pastoral Aid Society will henceforth be
regarded as a party society, and no one not holding the
Simeonitish heresy will, I presume, apply to it for assistance.
The Curates Fund belongs to no party. To have produced
this confession is an ample repayment for the trouble to
which I have been put. It has, moreover, been discovered
by the correspondence which has taken place, that the curates
paid by the Pastoral Aid Society are, like the lay agents,
strictly speaking, servants of the society—bound to treat
their masters with respect—not permitted to regard a society
of which a layman is the president, and which recognises no
ecclesiastical jurisdiction, as a lay society. It has also been
confessed that no one not swearing allegiance to the princi-
ples of the society (none having been avowed, though Sime-
onitism is implied) ought to apply for its aid.
I do not quarrel with the society for thus proclaiming its
party views and objects. I readily admit that henceforth
none but a Simeonite ought to apply for aid ;—but while the
society professed to be guided, not by Simeonite, but by
church principles, I contend I was justified as a churchman,
though opposed to the Simeonite heresy, in seeking its as-
sistance.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,
JOHN CLARK
Grove Villa, Hunslet, Dec. 91h, 1840.

ASSOCIATION OF ASSISTANT TRADESMEN OF
LIVERPOOL.

Last evening a meeting of the assistants, engaged in all
branches of trade in Liverpool, was held in the Clarendon-
rooms, South John-street, for the purpose of forming an
association for the progressive and uniform curtailment of
the hours of business.

Mr. FLOWER having been called to the chair,—He said,
that the errors in the management of retail trade, in this
country, had for a long period been a subject of great consi-
deration in his mind. It was no the business of that meeting
to dwell upon those errors in general, but to advert to the
head and front of them all, viz., the hours of attendance.
The evils of those long hours were manifested in a melancholy
way, in the decay of health and, he was sorry to say, in the
laxity of morals, amongst a large proportion of the assistants.
These manifestations were most perceptible where the regu-
lations were most severe ; and the contrary was the case
where the regulations were the reverse. It was their duty,
certainly, to respect the means by which they lived; they
must respect the business which affords them subsistence.
Business he looked upon as a means of living, and not as the
end for which we lived. One of the purposes of the Creator
towards man, was, that he should earn his own subsistence ;
and it was a wise dispensation which made our lives lives of
labour. We, therefore, laboured in the first instance for our
subsistence ; but it must not be forgotten that we had other
duties of a higher grade to perform. It must not be forgot-
ten that our duties, intellectual and moral, which were the
bond of social happiness, the link between man and his Cre-
ator, were superior to all others. Amongst their duties he
had no hesitation in saying there was none more sacred than
that which they owed to their employers. On the present
occasion they had not met to conspire against, the interests
of their employers, but, on the contrary, by every fair, up-
right, and honourable means, to strive to diminish the hours
of labour, and, in that diminution, to serve the interests of
their employers. (Hear.) Their object in seeking to obtain
more time, was, to make themselves more efficient for the
discharge of their duties—not to induce idleness or drunken-
ness, as some had said. They had been told that if more
time were allowed to the assistants, it would all be spent
at the alehouse—that they would seek their enjoyment
at the brewer's tap, rather than at the fountain of wis-
dom and knowledge. Considering the very little oppor-
tunity afforded them for improvetneat, he contended
that very honourable instances had been shown that the re-
verse of this statement was the case. Amongst a large body
of men it certainly could not be expected that all should be
perfect; but he believed that the great majority of them had
been what they ought to have been. (Hear.) He had not a
doubt that if more time were given them, and if their minds
were cultivated in that time, not only would their employers
and themselves, but the country at large would benefit by
the cultivation of so much mind which was at the present
wasted and lost to the world. (Hear.) There had been a
time when the institutions of the country were supposed to
be supported by the ignorance of the people, and when the
fear was that if they were taught those institutions must fall.
It was now confidently believed on the other hand, that the
institutions of their country had their best support in the in-
telligence of the people ; and he did not mind risking a sneer
or a smile, and saying that, among so many minds as were
shut up under the regulations of the late and present race
of shopkeepers, there might be some such as John Locke and
Lord Bacon, perhaps a Shakspeare or Milton, perhaps a
Byron, a Carnpbgll or a Tom Moore. Why not ? God had
not given mind to station, but he had given minds which
should command the station, provided they were cultivated.
The mind having been given, it was the business and duty
of man to cultivate it. It was a talent, not to wrapped in a
napkin, and laid by, but to be used. If we were prepar-
ing for a better state, which was all intelligence. and if
the regulations to which the assistants were subjected,
were such as to frustrate the design of the Creator, surely,
there was no wrong in their endeavouring to alter those re-
gulations. It was far from his wish, and from the wish of
the gentlemen who co-operated with him in the undertaking,
to preach up anything like insubordination. Their object,
as he had said before, was to do good, not only to themselves,
but to their employers, and generally to th 3 who!e world,
The regulations of which they complained werr• Itle in the
olden time, when a man was considered to be c'.l....:ated if he
could read, write, and cast up a column of figures. A boy
who could do these was considered good enough for any busi-
ness—the whole object of a man of business being to accu-
mulate money—to earn a living—that was all. Making a
fortune was no more than earning a living in a larger sense.
Certainly the purposes of God were not answered, nay, they
might be defeated, if we all lived for such an object. The
education now looked upon as necessary for man, was such
as should make him acquainted with nature in as many of her
operations as the time of man could make him acquainted
with, and therefore to make him an honour to his Maker.
But that could not be done without the application of suffi-
cient time; and with these views, a few friends and himself
had formed an association, the object of which was, exclus-
ively, to obtain an amendment in the present regulations of
business as regards the hours of attendance. From time to
time there had been public meetings of the assistants for-the
purpose of appealing to their employers, but experience had
taught them that applications to their employers were useless
without they were accompanied by the co-operation of the
public. It was utterly impossible, for instance, to get any-
thing approaching unanimity among such a numerous
body of men. One would be liberal, another sordid, and,
with the present competition in business, it was impossible
to get them all to consent to close their shops at a certain
time. But if the public would say to them,—" We will so
accommodate matters—we will so arrange our domestic af-
fairs as to perform this part of your business within certain
hours"—the employers would be most ready to accede to
that ; but it could not be done by calling a single meeting, or
by having the proceedings of that meeting reported in the
public newspapers, and then ceasing their exertions. It was
only to be effected by a constant, never-ceasing course of
appeals, which could only be carried on by a regularly or-
ganized society, and such society he hoped would arise out of
that meeting. Among the plans they proposed, provided
their funds admitted of it, was that of having a course of pub-
lic lectures on this subject. These lectures to be addressed—
the first to the assistants ; the second to their employers;
and the third to the public. Another of the proposed opera-
tions was, to petition the mayor and council of the town for
their co-operation. A third of their plans was, to petition
and apply to the Members of Parliament. A fourth to appeal
to the clergy. And last of all to appeal to the public, again,
again and again. (Cheers.) They might, perhaps, eventu-
ally have to apply to Parliament; but he hoped that would
not be necessary. They had already experienced the valuable
kindness and aid of the press in their cause; and they had
every reason to believe that this liberality, based as it was
upon justice, would still be exercised on their behalf. It
had been their own fault, or, rather, their own want of ex-
perience which had delayed so long the acquisition of the
great boon they sought. They had called meetings of their
own trades • but that would not:do. It was not likely that
the closing of shops in one line would be sufficient ;
to accomplish the object the practice should be adopted by
all, and it was for the public to remember this fact, The
thing had been done in Edinburgh, it had been better done
in Dublin, and it had been tolerably well done in Manchester :
but still not to the extent that it ought. There was good
authority for saying that no man should not work longer than
the mechanic, namely ten hours a day, which was surely
long enough ; eight hours sleep was quite necessary, and six
hours for rest, recreation, and mental cultivation, was cer-
tainly not an overbearing demand. He trusted the meeting
would not separate without every one present enrolling him-
self a member of the association, and lie sincerely wished that
the institution might succeed, more for their sakes than his
own. The chairman concluded by reading a series of resolu-
tions, unanimously passed at a meeting of assistants, in five
or six different trades, declaratory of all the principles of the
society.

Mr. CHARLES WILLMER then came forward and said,
that after the able address just made by the chairman, it
would not be necessary for him.to enter into any details con-
nected with the object of the association. He felt that, in
taking the part which he was, he was usurping a place which
did not belong to him ; but he had been obliged to come for-
ward through the timidity of many of the assistants. That
timidity he traced to the long continued turmoil of business,
preventing them from having that time for application and
improvement which, under better management, they would
hale. That was the only apology he should offer in rising
to move the first resolution, which was as follows :
" That this meeting hails with unfeigned satisfaction the
formation of the ' Association of Assistant Tradesmen of
Liverpool,' and, entertaining high hopes that its object—
that of obtaining a gradual and uniform curtailment of the
hours of business—will tend largely to improve the health,
the morals, and the intelligence of the assistants, pledges
itself to co-operate with and to support that association, by
every means which shall not militate against the real and
permanent interests of the employers.,,

It appeared to him that there Was' nothing in this resolution
which could receive opposition from any of the true friends
of the assistants, or from their employers, if they had at
heart the real and permanent interests of their assistants.
They sought not by coercion to attain their object, but to
accomplish it by reason and argument. They had no wish
to go in opposition to their employers, but they felt bound
to say, that the same amount of business would be done in
nine hours as was now extended over fifteen or sixteen.
(Hear.) If this could be accomplished, why should they be
c ,nfined so long to business, wearying the mind, corrupting
the morals, and blinding their perceptions ? Why was this
but because they did not make an effort to rescue themselves
from their state of moral slavery and degradation ? He
trusted, therefore, that all who had heard the resolution,
and who had at heart the interest of themselves and of gene-
rations yet unborn, would rally round the association, and
give their support to it, not only by their voices, but by their
subscriptions. That the health of the assistants was injured
by the present long hours of business, was evident; for,
on reference to the official statistics of the country, it
would be found that the mortality, or early deaths,
among shopkeepers assistants in this country was greatei
than among any other portion of the community. Was not
this a convincing proof that the present long hours were in-
jurious ; and was it not, therefore, a duty to themselves to
make an effort to alleviate their distresses? (Hear.) That
the morals of the assistants were impaired by the present
system was also evident; that their intelligence was injured
was still more evident than the two first, for if the assistant
had not time to study he could not possess that information
and intelligence which he would had he the necessary time.
When they knew that the same amount of business could
be done if the hours were relaxed, it was their duty
to make an effort for the shorter period, not
by a single meeting, but by constant agitation. (Hear.)
This resolution called on the meeting to co-operate in the
formation of the association. on and co-operation amongst

the whole body of assistants was required, and unless they
were given, this association would die like others, it& voice
unheard, and its attempts unheeded. On the other hand, if
support were given, the employers would see that their as-
sistants were not content to remain iu their moral tieurnria.

and they wouk
had in view.

hours per day. (Hear, heal
Mr. WILLIAM RUSSELL

which they

101 e meeting would support
aess had been reduced to 9

irs, observing that it was with regret he saw that the- rate ot
mortality was greater amongst shopmen than amongst any
other, class of the community. He remarked that the
mechanic, after his day's labour, might attend any of the nu•
-terous institutions which had been founded for his benefit
'le purpose of improving his mind : but the assist•-
could not boast of any such institution for their ad
They had none whatevar which they could

Yet it was not from want of numbers or

1 their own

ice that

they had not any, but from the length of time for which tho
were compelled to labour. However, it was their own fault
if, through this association, they did not succeed in abridging
their hours of labour. When they were shortened, he trusted
they would be diligent in their attendance upon lectures and
the other means of improvement.
The resolution was then put and carried.
Mr. SCHOLEFIELD, in moving the second resolution said,
he feared that this association might to some sound some-
thing like a trades union, but he could not see the slightest

similarity between them. In a trades union tiiTm7m—bers
would not return to their employers until all their demands
bad been complied with ; but they recognised no such prin-
ciple. They contemplated the benefit of all parties, and thy
on'

.
y weapons they employed would be the voice of persua-
sion, the power of argument, and the claims of justice. He
concluded by movinz—

" That this meeting desires publicly to express its appro-
al and confirmation of the resolutions, read this evening by
the chairman, upon which the association has been founded."
Mr. PYEFIELD seconded the resolution, and expressed
the satisfaction he felt at finding that the association meant
to appeal to the public. It must not, however, be forgotten
that many of the employers had conceded as much as they
could with safety to their interests, considering the great
competition there was in all branches of business. If the
public, indeed, could be brought on the side of the assistants,
he was satisfied that the majority, if not all, the employers
would make the concession, and he was happy to see the
efforts of the association directed to that end.
The resolution was then put and carried.
Mr. DYER moved the next resolution. It was very de-
sirable that a curtailment of the hours of business should
take place, and observed that the education which the assist-
ants already possessed, was in fact lost to them, when the
extension of knowledge was the chief feature of the age. He
concluded by calling upon the ministers of religion the me-
dical man, the philanthropist, the philosopher, and upon all
classes of society, to support the efforts of the assistants of
Liverpool in this cause. He begged to move—
" That regulations framed in times when education was
condemned as a curse to the poorer classes, are unfitted for
the present enlightened age ; that while other classes of the
community have advanced in mental culture, the assistants
have stood still ; that it is the want of leisure only that has
brought them to this degraded position ; that the designs of
Providence are frustrated by regulations which so impede
the cultivation of the mind ; and that the loftiest considera-
tions of duty, therefore, impel the assistants to seek an
amendment of those regulations."

Mr. W. B.JoNEs:inbsec7)-n-dlng the resolution, remarked
that all practical men allowed the justice of the assistants'
claims. He mentioned an instance of a young man, in his
own business, who, owing to the lengthened hours of labour,
joined to his own strong taste for study, died at the prema-
ture age of 22. From these circumstances Mr. Jones
founded a very neat and satisfactory argument in favour of
the resolution.

Mr. EDWARD M. PILCHER announced himself as a shop-
keeper, but as a friend to the cause of the

though the 80-CanieTh;d;s--;e1:e opened twice

n. Al-
Tek, he

should like to know what assistant; had had the pleasure
of going there at all this summer. (Hear.)
had been formed of the council for the purpose of making
public parks for the recreation of the inhabitants ; but who
were to enjoy them ? The shop-keeper's:hours of business
were to eight o'clock at night, and after that there was no
time. He, himself, had never been able, in consequence, to
visit the Botanic Gardens, as his shop was in Ranelagh-street,
and same of his own trade would not agree to close until
nine o'clock. Now, if the Tradesmens' Association would
only petition the Corporation " that they should have
the privilege of going to those parks, and those gardens,
something, he hoped, would be obtained for them. Allusion
had been made to mechanics. He had himself, the other
day, whilst at one of the graving docks, in which a vessel
was ready to come in, heard a mechanic say that he would
not work any more that afternoon, but take out his wife and
family for a walk. No assistant could do that ; he had ne-
ver had an opportunity of doing it himself. He understood
that in Chester the shops closed at six o'clock, and in Man-
chester at seven ; and he did not see why that meeting
should have longer hours than they at Manchester or Chester.

A committee

A TRADESMAN, although he approved of the
pe-
titioning the corporation, thought that body could be of no
use, except individually and collectively with the shopkeepers
of the town in general. The speaker then took a rapid view of
the principal topics urged upon the attention of the meeting,
suggesting that one cause of the shops remaining open so
late, especially on Saturday nights was, that employers fre-
quently did not pay their workmen till late on Saturday
night. He trusted the plan would be adopted of paying
them on Friday night, by which means they would be able
to supply all their wants early on Saturday, and so render
the late attendance of the assistants unnecessary, and so
prepare them for doing their duty on Sunday. The speaker
concluded by stating that the speeches of that evening had
shown what they could do, if they had greater opportunities
for improvement. —The resolution was then put and carried.
The CHAIRMAN then said, that before dissolving the
meeting, he would make one or two remarks. The first of
them 'was very important. He had said that the assistants
could not hope all at once to leap from a very bad into a very
good regulation ; but they expected that it was practicable.
Among their schemes one of the most cherished of all was,
that they should be enabled to establish a regulation that their
hours of business should not be longer in summer than they
were in winter. If they went through this winter upon the
hours they stood now, they could procure an amendment of
the rule so far that as summer came in they should be allowed
the privilege of walking abroad while the sun shone, and not
be made to work longer because the sun did not set till later.
It only required to be represented to the employers that such
a thing was fair, and it would be granted. That was the first
step they hoped to attain. The Chairman concluded by till-
ing upon those present to join the association.
The thanks of the meeting were then voted to the Chair-
man. The meeting separated soon after ten o'clock.
