,THEATRE-ROYAL, LIVERPOOL.

Mr. COOPER, of the Theatre-Royal, Drury-lane, is engaged
fora Fortnight, and will make his second appearance here
these two years, this Evening.
Last Night but Four of Mr. MACKAY, of the Theatre-
Royal, Edinburgh.
THIS present TUESDAY, Sept. 18th, 1838, will be per-
formed the Tragedy of

PIZARRO.
Rolla Mr. Cooper. I Las Casas .....Mr. Chaplin.
Orozembo Mr. Mackay.
Pizarro Mr. Gray. Elvira Miss Cleaver.
Alonzo Mr. W. Howard. I Cora Miss Faucit.
To conclude with the Melo-Dratna of
MARY, QUEEN OF SCOTS.

Sandie (his original character) Mr. Mackay.
Lord George Douglas.. Mr. W. Howard.
Lord Lindsay Mr. Gray.
Roland.. Mr. W. H. Bland. Dryfesdale..Mr. Chaplin.
Marv, Queen of Scots Miss Faucit
Lady Douglas Miss Cleaver.
Catherine Seytun 11rs. Baker.
On WEDNESDAY, will be repeated the Musical Play
of R 0 B R 0 Y, being the only night on which it can be
acted during Mr. Mackay's engagement. Rob Roy, Mr.
Cooper, as originally performed by hint at this Theatre;
Bailie Nichol Jarvie, 111 r. Mackay; Francis Osbaldistone,
Mr. G. Horncastle ; liashleigh, Mr. Gray; Owen, Mr. Baker.
Helen M•Gregor, Miss Cleaver; Diana Vernon, Miss Grant.
To conclude with the Mclo-Drama of THE BRIGAND.
Alessandro Massaroni, Mr. Cooper; Nicol°, Mr. Baker;
Maria, Miss Cleaver; Oltavia, Mrs. Baker.

Eig Eibtrpool *tanbarti.

TUESDAY MORNING, SEP7'. 18, 1838.

<11'" The Publication of the STANDARD commenced this
morning at 5 o'clock. _

EGypr.—We have been favoured with the follow-
ing intelligence from Alexandria, up to the 16th of
August:—
The Pasha has at last fixed the price for the cotton
of the new crop at 16 dollars per cantaro, and for the
remainder of last year at 14 dollars. Speculators and
exporters haring, however, been unwilling to submit
to these high pretensions, the Pasha has come to the
determination of shipp'qw- 35,000 to 40,000 bales,
beine About one-third .44ks;;;- - whole crop to Trieste on
his own account, to the R.onsignment of Mr. Pietro
Jussuff, the brother of Boghos-Bey, minister of com-
merce: and with the view to exclude all competition
there, a decree has been issued by him, prohibiting all
shipments on private account to that quarter, or if
made, only to the address of Mr. P. Jussuff. The
report is current, that Mr. P. J.'s instructions are not
to sell under 91c1 per lb. English.
About 3,700 bales have already been shipped to
Trieste, and about 10,000 bales will soon follow, as
the Pasha is straining every nerve to dispatch them as
soon as possible.
The total arrivals from the interior of the new crop
are estimated at about 100,000 bales, and the stock of
the old crop at 8,000 bales.
Three vessels were loading for Liverpool.
Whilst the cotton market here is monopolized and
coatrelled by the agents of the United States Banks,
and its future course entirely left at their mercy, the
above accounts bring us the important information
that the Pasha of Egypt has adopted the same plan of
monopolizing (a system he ever was fond of) the cot-
ton market in the East : and by his despotic prohibition
of private shipments to that quarter to which he is
sending his cotton, his speculations (if they may be
properly so termed) may prove successful, and his ob-
ject to obtain the highest possible prices be accom-
plished.
What Mr. N. Biddle is in the west, Meherned Ali
is now in the east. The future will decide who will
be the more successful in accomplishing his views.

JAMAICA.—By the Royal Mint, which arrived here
en Saturday evening, we have advices from Jamaica
to the 31st of July, inclusive. At that period the
island was perfectly tranquil, and it was anticipated
that the following day would pass over peaceably. It
• was expected that the emancipated apprentices would
be permitted a free indulgent g in their rejoicings for
a week or fortnight. We look with some degree of
anxiety for the arrival of the next packet from the
West Indies, which will probably bring news from Ja-
melee to the 2d or 3d of August. The exports of the
island promise to be abundant for the present Year.

TRINIDAD.—We have advices from Trinidad to the
lit of August. A private letter, dated on that day,

Mates that the all-important day had passed away as
a Sunday—that the people had been to church, and

had behaved themselves in the most orderly manner

The following extract is from the Trinidad Standard
of the previous day :

"THE FIRST OF AUGUST, 1833—THE NEW ERA.—
"Before our paper of to-day can meet the eyes of any

of our readers, the most important event, political or
social, that has ever occurred in the Western World—
one compared with which all other changes in these

Colonies sink into insignificance—will have come to

pass : upwards of half a million of men, on whom this
day's sun has set as bondsmen, will ere to-morrow's
light hare become by the laws of the respective Colo-
nies in which they live, discharged from all further
servitude, and have acquired all the rights and immu-

bities of free men—the last vestige of slavery w'

base disappeared from the British West India Colonies.
"An investigation into the various causes which,
Working together, have brought about this remarkable
event two years prior to the period originally fixed by
the British Parliament for its fulfilment, is rather the
Work of the Historian than of the daily Journalist.
It Will be (or the former, collating facts and comparing
results, to decide how far this measure was accelerated
by the breach of faith on the part of the British
Government, in substituting for laws originally framed
to secure the duration of tl►e Apprenticeship for tl►e
term fixed on, other laws under which it became im-
possible to carry on the system with any advantage
either to the master or the apprentice ;--next, how
far this event has resulted from the injud►cious distinc-
tion of Prwdials and non-Przedials—how much it is
attributable to the noise and confusion arising out of
the extraordinary obscurity in which the distinguish-
ing features of these two classes were, it would now
seem, purposely left—requiring after what was consi-
dered a• definite conclusion, a general reopening of
the Classification question ;—how much of this mea-
sure may be attributed to generosity on the part of
the Planters; and finally, how much to the conduct of
the Negro daring the trying period of Apprenticeship,
awakening in his employers a gradually increasing
Slonfidenee that he might be relied on when free, to
Perform, for a reasonable reward, the labour hitherto
Obtained by compulsion. For us, it is our more fitting
task, standing on the present, to direct our earnest
each anxious attention to the future, and to point out

such measures as, in our humble opinion, are best
qualified to ensure the future peace and prosperity of
all classes in this section of the West India community.
"The first of these measures should be a Rural
Police Bill, upon which we understand the Council is
now occupied. This Bill should provide for the pre-
servation of public order—for the discouragement of
idle and dissolute habits—for the suppression of va-
traney—and for the protection and encouragement of
the well disposed and industrious labourers ; but the
.*Council should at the same time be cat eful, that the
liberty of those for whom* they legislate should not,
either in fact or in appearance, lie infringed upon ;
and above all things, let the duties of all parties sub-
ject to the enactments of the Police Bill, be clearly and
distinctly defined. The next Bill should be one to
regulate contracts between master and servant, and to
provide a summary remedy to both patties; petty
trespassers upon property, and assaults upon the per-
son, should' also be brought within some summary
jurisdiction; a new Road Act, and also a Militia Bill,
have likewise become absolutely necessary;
a Bill to
prevent squatting, upon the Crown Lands, and such
restrictioas on the sub-division of private property into
small portions, as will prevent that kind of cultivation
which yields no assistance to the state, and bears no
part of the burthen of the country, should be brought
forward without delay; and last, but not least in im-
portance, some legislative provision should be made
for the encouragement of Immigration.
"There is yet another subject requiring the imme-
diate consideration of the Council, (although under
the circumstance of the same' matter having sttracted
the attention of the Home Government, we should
deprecate any attempt here to produce a permanent
effect), We mean the want of a sufficient circulation
of small silver money. This will be felt severely
within a month from this date, and we should hope
that the Council will turn their attention to devising
some expedient for obtaining an immediate temporary
supply. We should suppose that some assistance
might be obtained from the Commissariat at Barba-
dam

"To-day we have merely space sufficient to point
out the measures which seem necessary to the Colony
generally, but in future numbers we shall treat on
these subjects at more length, and it will remain for
the inhabitants themselves to suggest such other re-
gulations as are peculiarly applicable, or• required in
particular districts. Al communications on such mat-
ters will obtain our immediate attention; and as we
understand that it. is the intention of the Legislative
Council to sit daily until those measures which are
most urgent have been disposed of, any communica-
tions on these subjects should be sent to us at once.
"Returning to a more general view of this im-
portant event, we trust that to-morrow will be marked,
throughout the West Indies, as a day of sober re-
joicing on the part of the liberated Apprentices, and
of good will and harmony among all classes of society.
By a most rematkable coincidence, it is the Anniver-
sary of the discovery of America by Christopher Co-
lumbus—a discovery from which emanated the Slave
Trade, and the introduction into the West India
Islands of the system of Slavery. It is likewise the
Anniversary of the Abolition of Slavery by the British
Parliament; and now, of the Abolition of the last
vestige of Slavery—Apprenticeship—by the almost
simultaneous resolution of the Planters of the respec-
tive Colonies. Let us hope that it will likewise prove
the commencement of an era more auspicious to the

olonies generally, and to this Island in particular,

than has been known since the first interference of the
British Parliament in the question of the abolition of
Slavery, under the resolutions- brought forward by
Mr. Canning in the year 1823."
The following is an account of the passing of the
act for the termination of the term of apprentice-
ship:—

ABROGATION OR THE APPRENTICESHIP
ON THE FIRST OF AUGUST NEXT.
Trinidad Ssandard Vice, July 25, 6 o'clock, p.m.
This highly-important measure has just been carried
Ihrntlgh tho ccoutacil by a majority of vuLes ; and we hasten
to lay before the readers of the Standard the earliest intelli-
gence of this event.
At a full meeting of the council, specially summoned for
this day, the following message from his Excellency the
Lieutenant Governor, on the subject of the immediate ter-
mination of the apprenticeship, was read to the heard:—
Government-house, July 25, 1838.
His Excellency has summoned a council to meet this day,
for the purpose of laying before them the copy of a procla•
mation, which his duty required him to issue.
His Excellency is anxious, at the same time, to acquaint
the council, that he personally visited or held communica-
tion with most of the estates, pursuant to the intimation of
the proclamation, in order to afford to the apprentices every
explanation they might seek, and to ascertain how far they
were disposed to listen to reason on facts calculated to dis-
abuse those who erroneously thought, that as matter of right
they were to be discharged from apprenticeship on the first
of next month. The result has impressed 'his Excellency
with the conviction that the apprentices are almost univer-
sally persuaded that they are to be free, or have a right to be
free, on the first of next month, and that a refusal to give ap-
prentice labour will be general after that day.
His Excellency, therefore, once more anxiously invites the
council to take into their favourable consideration the mea-
sure of abrogating the system of prmdial apprentices from
the first of August, 1838, which will give contentment to the
labouring population throughout the colony, secure peace
and tranquillity, and best provide for the permanent inter-
ests of all classes of the community.
The message having been read, a short discussion took
place, and the following resolution was proposed by one of
the members :
" Resolved—That it is the opinion and advice of the coun-
cil of government, that the system of prtedial apprenticeship
shall cease and determine upon and after the first day of
August next."
This resolution, after some discussion, was carried by a
majority of votes.
To give effect to this resolution, the following ordinance
was brought forward, and carried, and will, we understand,
be proclaimed at twelve o'clock to-morrow.
TRINIDAD.
