Emperial Vartiatnent.

HOUSE OF LORDS, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 19,
EAST INDIA QUESTION.
Lord ELLENBOIIOUGII wished to know whether the noble
earl (Grey) had any objection to answer the question which he
had asked a few days ago, relating to the production of the cor-
respondence between the East India Company and the Board
of Control, with respect to the constitution of the local govern-
ments in India.

Earl GREY said that there was no correspondence between the
Company and the Board of Control on that question, and there-
fore uo such correspondence could be laid before the house.

AGRICULTURAL LABOURERS' EMPLOYMENT BILL.

The Duke of RICHMOND moved the order of the day for the
house resolving itself into a committee on this
Lord WYNFORD wished that the noble duke would postpone
the committee to a future day, as he had been led to expect that
it would not come on till Thursday.
The Duke of RICHMOND said that he had no objection to
allow the discussion to stand over to a future day, but he hoped
their lordships would allow the bill to go into committee in
order that he might move some amendments, after which the
bill would be printed, and the discussion might be taken at a
future stage.
After some conversation, the house went into a committee on
the bill, when the Duke of RICHMOND moved his amendments,
pro forma, and it was agreed after some short discussion that on
the house resuming the bill should be referred to a select com-
mittee.
The Duke of RICHMOND presented a petition from a dissent-
ing congregation in—(we did not hear the place,) against
slavery. _ . . .

The noble Duke also presented a petition from the inhabi-
tants of Epping, in favour of the labour-rate bill.—Referred to
the committee.—Adjourned.
HOUSE OF COMMONS, WEDNESDAY JUNE 19.
SECOND SITTING.
The SPEAKER resumed the chair at 10 minutes past five.
Lord BELFAST presented a petition from burgesses of Car-
rickfergus, praying to be heard by counsel at the bar against
the bill for the disfranchisement of that borough before
the second reading. The noble lord moved that the petition-
ers be heard accordingly.—Agreed to. He also gave notice of
a motion for to-morrow for the postponement of the second
reading of the bill.
