THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

Patronized by Mei? AlLijesties and the Royal Family, their Irnpe-
ri4,Najesties the Einperor and Empress. of Russia, and the
Jefferson, one of the wisest and most popular presidents the Eniperors of Austria and China.
people of the United States ever had, thus speaketh of slavery 13 0 WLAND'S MACASSAR OIL, a vegetable production,
and its effect an
.the manners of the people the arnly• article that 'produces and restores Hair, also
"There must,'-doubtless, be au unhappy influence on the man- Whiskers, Mustachios, Eye-brows, &c.; prevents Hair from
ners.of our people, produced' by the existence of slavery among falliur off or turning gray to the latest pehbd orlife chattgeS'
us.' 'The whole commerce between master'and 'Slave is a per- ' gray hair to its original colour, bees it-from scurf, mid makes it
petite], exercise-of the most boisterous passions, the most unre- beautifulty soft, curly, and glossy. In dressing Hair, it keeps
muting despotism on the one part, and degrading subinissien on it firm in tire curl, uninjured by damp iveatlierA•iii,,viled rooms,
the other 'Odr‘chilifren• see this and leartf to imitate it: If a or in the exercise of riding,. to children it is invaluable, as its
parentrceuld find no motive either philanthropy, or his application lays a foundation for a beautiful head of Hair.
self-love, for restraining the intemperance of passion towards , No-rics.:-.--The lowest Price is' 3i. tid.; the next Price is 75.;
'hiS'slave, itshauld always he. a sutfi.cient . one that his child is ,Ios. 61 and 2}s. per . . •
_present. But-With the-great Masi of the people it is not stiffi- Ask for "Rciwland'S MaeasSar Oil," and observe their name
cient. The'plrent storms, the child leoks ; Catches the linea- and address in red on the wrapper tbas:-='
mints of wrath; puts on the same airs in the circle of smaller A. ROWLAND & SON, 29, HATTON-GARDEN.
.slaves, gives a_loose to.. his worst passions; and AM's,
.nursed, Countersigned ALEX, ROWLAND.
educated, and daily exercised in tyranny, cannot butbe stamped Imposters call their trash the'ngsi I isza, and otriitthe "&"'in
by it with odious peculiarities. He must' be
.a prodigy who the signature, offering it for sale under the lard dr being eap.
could retain his Manners' and morals; undeprated by such sit - 'ROWLAND'S KALYDOR—prepared from bee ul exo-
cuinitances.l. And with what execration would, the statesman tics, and warranted 'perfectly innocent. It:6E6p ely eradi-
be loaded, witch permitting one half of the citizens thus to tram- sates Tao, Freckles, Pimples, Spots, Redness, an 1 cutaneous
pie on the rights of the other, transiormS thOSe into despots and Eruptions, gradually realizes a delicately clear oft skin, trans-
these into enemies'; destroys thet moials of the' one, and the forms even the Most sallow complexion into chant whiteness,
whor patrite of the other: ',Orilla slave 'Can have a• country in: :imparting a beautiful juvenile bloom.
the worlkit must be any other in preference to that in which Gentlemen whose faces are tender aft
he is born_ to . live and labour fin- another;—ahat in which he allay the -irritability and smarting paid
must leek up the faculties of his nature, and 'cobtribute; as far smooth and pleasant. --
as depends on his own individual endeavour's to the.debasement It protects the Face and Skin from the baneful effects of cold
of the-human race, or entail his own Miserable condition on the winds or damp atmosphere, as Chaps, Cracks, and harsh Rough
endless .generations proceeding from him. With the morals of .Skin, all of-which it completely heals, and makes the Skin deli-
the people, theirindustry is destroyed; for in 'a warm climate catchy fair and agreeable. In cases of Burns and Scalds it
no man will labisurlor iiimself who' can make another labour immediately allays'the most violent inflammation. •
for him. This is so true, that of the proprietors of slaves, a very Price 4s. 6d. and Ss. 6d. per Bottle, duty included.
stain proportionindeed are ever seen to labour. And can the ROWLAND'S ODON'FO, or PEARL DENTIFRICE,
liberties of a nation be thought secure, when we have removed a delicate white 'Powder composed of vegetable ingredients, is
their only firm basis—a convictidn in the Minds of the people 'a never-failing remedy for every disease to which the Teeth and
that these liberties are the gift of God?—That they are not to be Giims are•liable, tendering theformer extremely white and uni-
violated but with his wrath ? Indeed.l tremble for my country forM, while to the latter, being an Anti-Scorbutic, it imparts a
when I reflect that God is just; and that:his justice cannot sleep beautiful healthy red; removes tartar from the Teeth, preserYe.s
for ever;-that considering nuinhers, nature, are natural means the Enamel, and prevents Gum Boils; affords au agreeable fra-
only, a revolution'in the wheel'of foitune, an exchange of situ- • grance to. the. Breath, cleanses Artificial Teeth, and prevents
axiom, is among possible events ; and it may become probable them changing colour; and it is also extremely pleasant to the
by supernatural. nterference !—The Almighty has no attribute mouth after Fever§ of taking Medicine. •
Which can take side.with us in such a contest." Price 28. Od.'per Bolt, -duty included.'
But Jefferson might have' preached to a post with as much ROWLAND'S ALSANA EXTRACT for immediately, re-
effect:- Jonathan heareth not the voice of the charmer, charm Hering 'the most vihrent -Tooth-ache, Gam 'Boils, &c. Pricie
be ever so wisely; but retaining all those "odious peculiari- 2s. 9,1,.;'4i..6d.; and 10s. 6d. per Bottle.'
ties" which his own philosopher and president has attributed to (c.7' C A urio's.—Each of the ahove Articles has the name and
him, he still goes on, brawling for liberty and
,enforcing slavery, address of the•Prnprieter,s • •
to the adiniratioif of the Whore world, A. ROWLAND & SON, 20, HATTON-GARDEN, LONDON,
engraved, on the. Government Stamp, also printed in red on
the wrapper in which each article is enclosed. ' - •
Impostors imitating them call their trash.. the GENUINE, and
sign A. Rowlandson. leaving out the "
**4 Be sure to ask for " Rowland's." Sold by them and by
respectable Perfumers and Medicine Venders.

AMERICAN SLAVERY.

vashaving will find it
, nd render the skin

PROSPECTUS OF THE GRAND ASS-SYRIAN

RAILWAY.

• We copy the following from a late number of an Exeter paper.
The same journal informs us that Mr. Pierce Mahony is.agent
to this company. Of r01174e. he is:—
"It is intended to apply to parliament for leave to bring in a
bill to' construct a railway from Eieter to Jerusalein. It will
pass through the several places following. namely:—The
southern counties of England—the English Channerbetween
Dover and Calais, over which it will pass by means of a via-
ductthe South of France, where it is intended to dry up the
Languedoc Canal and construct the railway in its bottom—
Switzerland, where it will be carried mailer Mont Blanc by
means of a tunnel—the Republic of Venice, where a dam will
be made across the Adriatic; and some million of acres thereby
reclaimed—through Turkey, and by means of a suspension
bridge over the Dardanelles—through Asia Minor by the Seven
Churches=by Aleppo to the head of the Euphrates—along the
channel of the Euphrates which is expected to be dried op
during the .next summer—and thence to Palmyra—Damascus
—Jerusalem and the Dead Sea.

"The public will at a glance perceive the great advantages
of an investment in this undertaking. First, its very boldness
ensures success; next, 'tis not a mere matter of local interest;
all christendoca will come fin-ward in its support. But as v e
are aware that Englishmen look. mainly to the pounds, shillings,
and pence, it is necessary briefly to touch upon the sources of
wealth opened.hy the undertaking. First, -then, the paisengers
alene going up to the great city Will afford an ample return for
'the capital embarked, especially when we' consider that all
North and South America will of necessity land at Plymouth,
and take advantage of the railway; the provisions, too, required
by the Multitndes flocking to the great city will occasion an
immense traffic. Then the returns will be anything but trifling;
pigs, useless in Jerusalem,' will be carried back in teas of thou-
sands, and dropped among the nations of Europe.• The 're-
maining ruins of Athens and Palmyra will be brought to
England, andplaced in the British Museum. Arabian horses
and Dathascui blades will be introduced in abundance. Olives,
which may be had in any quantities upon the• Mount of that
name, wilt be brought to England to supersede the use of pota-
toes; while cedars of Libanus, which Mr. Bucking,hani tells us
ate 5-1 feet diameter,- wiWbe transplanted entire, with a portion
of.the mountain attached, to ornament the parks and pleasure
grounds• which :the new municipal Corporations mean to layout
for the recreation of the'burgesses:
" It is intended also to take powers in the said act to light
With gas the whole or the railway and 500 miles on each side
thereof, which may easily be accomplished by means of Dr.
Warwick's gas microscope now exhibiting at the Athenum,
the gas-burner of which, when lately lighted on the top of Salis-
bury, rendered the streets of Bristol on the one side as light as
day, while the inhabitants of Paris at the same time mistook it
:for the setting sun, though the members of the Institute pro-
:noiaced it to be only a fragment of that luminary; but Dr.
Warwick is likely to have a formidable rival in that great illu-
minati of the present age, Mr. Porter, of the United Hibernian
Fliperborean and Antipodean Gas Works, who, in conjunction
:with' Omnibus Mahony, has done so much to throw a light upon
this nether world of ours. We shall report progress as the work
,proceeds, but a bill in parliament will at all events pay the ex-
penses of this puff." •

MORISON'S PILLS,
OF THE BRITISH. COLLEGE OF HEALTH.
91 HE Ladies, Gentlemen, and Inhabitants generally of Liver-
-1 pool and neighbourhood are respectfully informed that Mr.
SAMUEL HArnoN, of London, (having made arrangements
with Air. \YAK &M, and haiing hien' appointed by the above
Gollege,) is the
.General Agent for -dispensing Morison's Uni-
versal- Vegetable Medicine in Liver-pool and neighbourhood,
front whom aidnd;-orof 'the 'Agents 'appointed' by him, can the
uhtive medicine be had genuine, as at the British College of
Health, in- Loudon. •
The wholesale'Derot is at Mr. 'SHIRLEY'S, Perfumer,/
No. 9. Ranelagh-street, where Mr.' H•. will attend in'the
tug at Ten ,o'clock, and in the Evening. at Seven. to
•with the Atilicted, to whose interest his long, eXte
successful practical experience will he constantly
S. HAY DON 'gives advice also at Mr. Barnes.
Dale-street, from Two to Five o'clock

.se r
c.
. .•
•
1•

lsive, and
(voted.
kite Lion,

An VICE- TO" ALL 'GRATIS.
All Aplications for. Agencies to be adi
list of the "Agents duly appointed will be p
Continued occasional y, with'other useful th,
Lion of the public; • • -
CAPTION.— As spurious Articles are frequently imposed upon
the unwary for the above Medicines, the Public is particularly
cautioned_ against purchasing Morison's. Medicine -of any Per-
sons but the published Agents, and that no Chemist or Druggist
is allowed to sell it under any circumstances whatever. '• • '
-List of Agents feoin whom -the genuine Morison's 'Medicine
can •be had in Boxes, at 131 d., 2s 9d., 4s. 6d., and lls. each;
also the Vegetable Cleansing POwiler at •131 d. per Box, and
any of the Works of Mr, Morison upon the Hygeian Theory :
Mr. Shirley, Perfumer, Wholesale Depot, 9. Itanelagh-
street; Mr.• Alledt, .174, London-road; Mr. Carter, Hair
Dresser, 29, Redcross-street; Mr. •Gleaye, -Bookseller, Dale-
street; Mr. Harley, Grocer, Brownlow-hill; Mr. Jacobson,
Grocer, Woodside; Mr: 'Knipe, Bookseller; •125, St. Jaines'S-
street; Mr. Walkom, Warwick-street, ToXteth-park; Mr..
Wilkinson, Norfoik Inn,.Liyer-street.

Al as above. A
ished,shortly, and
er for the informa-

LONDON GAZE7'7'E.--TUESDAY, DEC. 8.

DECLARATION OF. INSOLVENCY.
Joseph de Yrigoyti -and Charles Williams.
,Little,Britain, London
dry,alters.

BANKRUPTS,
Richard Hollinc,,dale, Strood, Kent, grocer.
John Wright,' Staveley, near Chesterfield, b-rtish-mnimfacturer.
George Mayor and Gorge Samuel Dove,,Little. Distaff-lane, Lon,
don, spice merchants.
Willia.M.Shott and William Richard Honey, Shad Thames, London
"whhrfingers.
Abraham Levy Lewis, Ramsgate, jeweller.
William Patrick Williams Newton Abbott, Devonshire, draper.
. • I

Samuel Gray,'Rose-street; Covent-garden, Limdon, baker.
George Little, Church-street,. Lisson-grove, London, corn dealer.
Thomas Sadd, Bungav, Suffolk, grocer.
Bimjamin Goklmtid -Levien, Bishopsgate-street,
Thomas. Foley-place, Great Portland-street, Oxford-square,
London,- tailor. - • • - •
James Tulles, High Holborn, London, bazaar-keeper.
Thomas Hall, Hulland, Derbyshire, lime..burner.
Augustus Radcliffe and George Edwards, Salford, Lancashire, wine-
••.• • • • '
Francis-Bishop and William Wilkes, Gloucester, corn-merchants.
Simeon Goodwin, Birmin4hain, grocer.
DIVIDENDS.

Dee. 29, C. 'llawkesley, Liverpool;meiChant, at one. at the Claren.
don-buildings, Liverpool—Jan. 20, G. Laing, Liverpool, merchant, a
one, at the .Clarendon-rooms, Liverpool—Dee. 30, W. Kingsford
Buckland, near Dover, paper-manufacturer—Dec. 31, W. H. Temple
Stockton, Durham, vine-merchant. • ' ' •

CERTIFICATES

To be granted, unless cause be shown to the contrary on or before the

•29th day of December.

R. Kempson, Capponlield Ironworks, Wolverhampton, ironmaster
—T. :Birks. sen., Marlborough-road, Chelsea, melter of tallow—R.
IliqAtiv;•,Milk-streot, Cheapside,London, silk-warehouseman—T.
Colliiagwood, Abingdon, Berkshire, corn-dealer—H. S. Mason and
IL M. K-ettlewell, Surrey-whOf; eambi.rwell; iron-merchants,

fipßoabing.

(The figures denote the register burthen of the Vessels.)

AFRICA.
Brutus, Clegg 383 Africa, G Wilson and co
Oscar, - 213 Ditto T Tobin
Kingston, -' 268!Ditto., Ditto
TbosNarlor,M`Pherson 283 Ditto W Norris
Ann AV Kenzie; &ott- 281 Ditto Ditto
Sir Walter Scott, Foster 382 Ditto Sir .1 Tobin
Dick., Forshaw 297 Ditto Ditto
Kingsbin,.Dickson 272 Ditto T Harrison and co
Freeland, Midglev 215 Ditto H Laffer
Lady Douglas, White 238 Sierra Leone W Fisher and co

ALGIERS.

New Jane, Reeves, 86 Algiers

Bahr, Behrend & co

EGYPT.

Importo.

AFRICA.
Agnes, Kennedy.• fm Africa, with 1500 cks palm oil, 700 elephants'
teeth, .I 0 Dk •

EAST INDIES. CAPE OF GOOD HOPE, &c.
/ERRATA in bill No. 5224—Kiero, from Bombay, for J Bibby and co,
or frolderness and Chilton, Brokers, read Ilolderness and Chilton
only, and insert P Dk:
Kiero, Ranson, fin Bombay, with 542 bls cotton, 1013 bags pepper,
17 ps elephants' teeth, Nicol, Duckworth, and,co-1 box lacquered
ware, J W Ayres-- 195 his 10 hf his cotton, Order—.'lB bls cotton, 49
chts tea, 1U pkgs preserves. &c, 14 bps galls, I box a workbox, Daniel
and Dickenson—.4o chts 191 -es tea, 40 his Ihf •ble wool, 4ca silk, 564
bis 20 hf do cotton,.s7ps 2 lalls elephants' teeth, Dirom, Richmond,
and cb-1 -box samples, W Jones— Dk
Warwick, Brewer, fm Calcutta; with 658 bps saltpetre, 980 bps stick-
lac., 33 bis cow hides, 212 chts shellac, 34 bis safflower, 893 hgs linseed,
5 bgs tobacco, 6 chts indigo, Order-650 bgq rice, D,Buchanan and Son
—BlB do, 439 bgs paddy,,c2oo bls cotton, Small,calquhoun, and co—
t 3 Dk
