JUNE 22. 18:.ig. '

stables'attael4iito the Ca'stle of St. Lewis. They are eleven in
" ki.umber.-s.vvry handsome animals.; three, we hear, .died on the
• voyage out, the original numbereMbarked iu the Sial.esby
being fourtein:. •
The Racehorse came from Bermuda : we have not heard the
amount of specie brought by her.
-(From the Quebec Mercury of May 23.)
Ship Lacili.Gardou, Scurr, Ist May, Halifax, order, stores of
the .3-it htiegiment, 327 .women and children of the 3-Ith and 85th
regiment

(Frbra. the Quebec, Ga:ette of May 28.) ,;
A RR:VAL OP Loan DURHAM.
Her majesty's ship. Hastings, in 33 days from Portsmouth,
rnived hero
.yesterday afternoon, having on board his Excel-
'-'ev the Right-144n. the Earl of Durham, Governor-General
of British North'America, t he. Countess of Durham, family artd

streets and wharfs were immediatoly crowded with the
.asitants, in. the expectation of his Excellency landing. Fi-
b 44,4 was understood that he would not land till this day at
two o'cloek'
Wile Pique frigate,
-after a passage of 27 days from Il alifax,
arTed at Quebec a few days nreviuusly, with troops, awl
f,OOO. of
.specie on board. The Racehorse, sloop of -war,
tn the Westlndies-and the Stakesby transport, from Ports-
• mouth, have also arrived. •
The Racehorse also has £125,000. in specie.
Respecting the internal affairs of Canada we have lit-
tle information, excepting what is conveyed in the fol-
lowinz extract from a private letter With which we have
been favoured i--- -
(Extract of a letter of 2d June, from a highly respectable
• • authority at -New York.)
All is now quiet in Canada, but it is a calm only, I fear; for
depend on it, the frontier people will be again in arms the next
winter. • And I am afraid the conspiracy: on this side the lines
• I.mean, is more extensive than is commonly supposed ; and
nothing can divest my mind of the belief that the goVernment
is by.. its agents, secretly in the plot. Papineau has been in
Albany all the winter, hid away.in the house of one-of the
Albany Esuency l In that house all the plots have been con-
cocted. He is there still.- In Washington a bad spirit seems,
to prevail respecting the North-eastern biinnilary, • Mr. Web-
ster is about to adopt all the feelings of the people of Maine.,-
This is powerful support, and one which I never expected they
would receive. To you I speak freely but confidentially.; and
know assure ou that I see many indications of approaching
evil. A war, 1 fear, will, at no -distant period, be ;be yesult.
don't see how it can be prevented, unless it be impossible to
kick England into one. But we shall see.—Do not let your
friends be btillied into-any false security.
I think I was right in my opinion that Texas should be inde-
pendent, and acknowledged to be so by England—what a fron-
tier for sending British goods to the South-eastern states in the
event of hostilities.—The whole line of the Sabine and Red
Rivers will be Open to you if Texas be not one of the United
States. -

. .
THE WEST INDIEs.—We have. received our files of
the Jamaica Dispatch and the Jamaica Royal Gaiette,:
uptn'thej7iti inclusive, and also a
.copy of the
Barbadiart.of the 16th of May. The latter paper has
the folho*ing'paragraph -
LEGISLATIVE INTELLIGENCE OF THE HIGHEST
IMPORTANCE.

"His Excellency the Governer' met the Board of Council
Yesterday, and the House of Ass;•nably was in session according
..!..tn adjournment. Sixt,een members were present, and we are
happy to say, that the Bill for terminating the apprenticOship.
of the prndials on the Ist of August, was, after a conference
with the two houses, passed, oue member only dissenting,
.P4sed unanimously by the Council, and assented to by the
Governor. The Mutine PaCket, we understand, has been de-
tained tothis day, in order that the important bill may be taken
to England. The same measure, we hear, has passed in St.
Vincent,.but ours will be the first at the Colonial office.
"We most heartily and sincerely congratulate the country
on this decision of our Legislature which in all human proba-
bility will confer a lastiw.Tbenefit on the people of this land."
The same paper contains a copy of the act, which we
regret we have not room for in our. present publication.
rt announces that the legislature of the island have
' deemed it eXpedient to terininate the
_apprenticeship -tif
the prmdial labourers on the Ist day of August next, and
• exonerates them from all and every the obligations im-
,-,...L.Posed upon them by, and the pains and penalties incurred
'tinder, the act for the abolition of slavery.
One of the .nctinents of this bill is• of great import-
ance. It is comprised in the second clause, which regu•
fates the voluntary labour of such apprentices as May not
choose to avail themselves of the opportunity of leaving
heir employers on the first Or August. The Clause en-
acts "that until the ist of November next ensuing it
shall not be lawful for the owners or directors of plan,
rations or places, to eject Orexpel any prwclial
ticed labourer or laboar4s.lierobY'diseharged for•the re-
Pailling term of his, -.her, or their apprenticeship as
who shall he ettiling to continue to perforni
=such work as shall be assigned to-him,.her;o'r them; and
shall duly and faithfully'lierforrn the same for stipulated
wages on. such plantations or places, from the houses or.
:,.o,l,shabitations which-lie; site, or.th'efrespectively Personally
...ladr.!:ccupied.in his, her, or their state of apprenticeship 'as
•„„ aforesaid; but th,."said owners or directors of the said
plantations or Places, shall 'be and they are hereby re-
quired
enjoy respectiyely the personal occupatibn of the said
....,,sythouses or habitations by way of 'a temporary and gratui-
, -toes accommodation until the said first day of November

next ensuing, without any molestation or interruption
of or by the said owriers•or directors of the said planta-
tiobs or places, under a penalty of fifty shillings current
money of this island, to he recovered before any justice
of the peace as in the case of servants' wages, and paid
tolhe'party aggrieved. Provided always, that in case.
of non-performance of work, of insubordinate, quarrel-
"the,- disorderly, or riotous behaviour, or in case.of

. •
drunkenness, theft, trespass, or other gross -delinquency
• ; On the part of any such labourer, it shall be competent to
two. or more justices of the peace, upon due and impar-
tial inquiry into the merits of the complaint, by an .au-
. thority under their hands and seals .to sanction the ex-
pulsion of such delinquent.''
. The third .clause enacts, that " the owners or directors
of plantations or places, shill be required to supply those.
Persons who, in their afore Said State of apprenticeship,
• were attached to such plantations or places respectively,
and shall, on the said first day of August, 1838, be afflicted
with any such disease; or mental or bodily infirmity, as
may render them permanently incapable of earning any
Part of their subsistence, with adequate food, clothing,
medicine, medical attendance, lodging, and maintenance,
'uring their natural lives; ornntil due and adequate pro-
vision shall be otherwise made for them by law, under a
Penalty of Two Shillitigs and Six Pence current money
of this Island per week, to the use of the person not
supplied as aforesaid, to be recovered before any Justice
• of the Peace as in the case of servants' Wages. Pro-
vided always, that in case any such person afflicted with
any such disease, or mental or bodily infirmity as afore-
said, shall have any relations or kindred, or reputed
relations or kindred in the first degree, able to maintain
• him or her, the owner or director of the plantation or
place to which he or she was attached as aforesaid,-shall,
from and after the first day of August, 1839, be relieved
from any further liability for the food, clothing, Medicine,
r , ,
Medical attendance, lodging, and maintenance, of such

infirm person. And Provided also, that in case the owner
of any plantation or place .to winch any .such infirm
Person shall have been attached, shall be in such reduced
ireutnstances as to be unable at any time 'ko. flu nisi such
a.elothino., medicine; medical
.attendance;
. sliTts"ance as aforesaid, then and in such case the same
e furnished to such infirm person by the Church
-iruen of
the Parish to which he or she shall belong, at
the cast and expense of the said Parish.",
The Passino• of this act must necessarily exert a con •
siderable influence over the ',titer West India Islands.
On
we
itspractical eIT-et, as respects the negroes themselves;
we can scarcely venture to speculate. It is evidently
drawn up in the most conciliatory spirit, and if it should
prove a failure. the blame can never be imputed to the
much calumniated planters, who have thuS voluntarily
manumitted•their apprentices. • -
It is well remarked by the Jamaica Dispatch, that
the situation of Barbados, and the condition of its ap-
.latetiliceß, are not analogous to these of Jamaica. The
lima zing disproportion in numbers of the free inhabitants,
when 'compared with the coloured population, will, in
the latter island, cause a considerably greater amount of
difficulty in entering upon any arrangements' for the
.entire emancipation of the apprentices..
rom Jamaica there is little news of any consequence.
'the Privy Council had determined upon summoning the
Clouse of Assembly to meet and proceed to business on
the-sdt instant. it was supposed tht, the first question
hich would engage their attention would be that of the
immediate- Pm an ci pa ti n of the apprentices. Ou this
subject the Dispatch of the )17th ult. remarks—
. -If the measure of immediate emancipation were thought
yri.se or why had but t *British Government, which
(kirt: M).l y
aboliAied it; and taken the tesport.-
elity,uf Ileet'll C,ll.Suqi,enceg upon themselves. No:
they' Pretend that they are, bound by the original comn,,ct ; al-
"WI tkey I)airli-let•oor rights and;constitution at naught, and
•IV iviolittit4,..o,l,,jvvyet!on over"tiar lo.aris. '1 he fact is, the
