FRIDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1832.

TO THE ELECTORS OF THE BOROUGH OF

LIVERPOOL.

GENTLEMEN, ' --
- ----
vv
--
nrIHE extraordinary and unhoped for result of this evening's
1. POLL demands my warmest thanks, They are due to
the increasing activity, and unwearied exertions of my friends,
and to the gallant and disinterested spirit with which the Free-
men of this ancient and Laval Borough rushed forward to the
Hustings to-day, and justified the expectations which I had
confidently rested upon their attachment to our venerable
lecon-
stitution, and the trading interests of th `town. To the Eden.
tars, of all classes, I owe my warmest • nks for the manner in
which they have, by their suffrages, v. dicated my political cha-
racter from the aspersions which had been thrown upon it,. and
proved to the world, that a man may still pursue an-nonestand
independent course, unfettered by the bonds .of party, awl un-
tainted by its madness, without losing the good opinion of one
of the most numerous and enlightened Constituencies of the
Empire.
lee feelings with- which my breast is filled will not allow me
to say more, at present, than to offer you, again, my most hearty
thanks.—l am, Gentlemen, your obedient and faithful Servant,

TO THE ELECTORS OF THE SOUTHERN DIVISION
OF THE COUNTY PALATIN E OF LANCASTER.
GENTLEMEN,
fIAVING, at a late hour last night, received an. intimation
that it had been determined by a 1ay,?,.,e and influential
Body of the Electors of the Southern Division of the County,
to put me in nomination at the e suing Election, accompaniedby a request that I ivonld put f •th an address, expressive of
my own intentions consequent leen, I feel it my uuty in ac-
knowledgment to such a call, to, Clare my readiness, if elected,
to devote my best services to thii-interests of the County; and
as it is usual, and may therefore be expected, that I should
make some declaration of my Political Principles, I have an
honest pride in avowing, that they are, in Spirit and in Truth,.
• conservative" of the best Interests of our Constitution in
Church and State.
I have the honour to be,
Gentlemen,
Your very faithful and obedient servant.
T. D. LiESKETH.
Ruffird Hall, Dec. 10, 1832.

LANCASTER COUNTY ELECTION..
SOUTHERN DIVISION.

ELECTORS are respectfu informed that the nomi-
AL nation will take place at ' ton, at the house of Mr.
Edward Stocker, Innkeeper, ou esday, the 18th instant, pre-
cisely at Ten o'clock in the Forenoon, at which time and place
the attendance of the voters in the interest of GEORGE Wit:
Lutt Wool), Esq. is urgently and respectfully solicited.
The polling will take place on Friday, the 21st, and Satur-
day,- the 22nd instant, at the following places :—Liverpool,
Manchester, Newton, Ormskirk, Rochdale, and Wigan.
Mr. Wood's Committee throughout the division will inform
the Electors at which polling place they will be required to
vote E. J. LLOYD, Chairman.
The Central Committee sit daily at the Committee-room, 20,
Brown-street, Manchester, to whom it is requested that all
communications may be made.
Dec. 10, 1832.

SOUTH. CUES HIRE ELECTION.
TIEE Friends of Slit, PHILIP E IUALPAS GREY
Gliii.TON, Bart., are respe ally requested to proceed,
.on Titcsday, the 18iii instant, t e Polling Places appointed
for receiving the Votes for the istricts in which they have
'qualified.

A Committee will sit daily at the Office of Mr. MALLAsr,
12, Lower Castle-street, where any further information may be
obtained.

RITCHIE'S COPYING PRESSES.

. S. FRANCEI" S, HIGH-STREET, EXCHANGE, AGENT.
PINIESE' PRESSES possess the advantage of Copyingm W-
, ii_ Let-
ters, Accounts,,&e., into a Bo ' I
no
made up ; they
stand upon a desk or table,—requir no fixing,--are simple in
their construction, and so efficie iu theta' operation they
`Can safely be recommended to the Merchants, Brokers, and
Public (dice:;.
S. Fa sirsAN has on sale the best Copying ink, Paper,.Copy-
ing Books, and every Article of Stationery. ~
• 7, High-street, Exoltavge.

TO MOTHERS, INVALIDS, AND ALL SUFFERERS
FROM COUGHS, COLDS, AN!) SORE THROATS..

Coughs commence that either prove fatal or
m A Nextremelyre troubiesome, which may be blithely removed
in the first instance by the use of appropriate remedies, among
these ipecacuanha holds the first rank;
sDr. Paris remarks
that its action on the pulmonary organs ni extremely intetest-
ing, ,that in certain conditions of theinliattcuded: with a dry
haul Cough it promotes expectoration, while iu affections at-
tencld with an invidinate• secretion of mucus, it as certainly
represses it, and acts the pait °Can astringent. The Ipeb.cu-.
anha produces these varied effects, gradually.excites the .AOlll-
- -aid
.promotes perspiration. by a nice manufacturing
process, Niessrs. have combined it with a piepara-
tiou of Black Currants and Gum Arabic, which. soothes. the
irritated air-tubes, at the same time forming a Lozenge of the
most grateful flavour. Thus presenting, an innocent aud effi-
cacious remedy under the most elegant form.
Prepared only by Messrs VViiiTNun s, CnintSti to His
Royal Highness the Duke of Sussek, Duchess of Kent, and
Princess Victori,a, Shrewsbury. Sold Wholesale in.Liyerpeol,
by Mr.. MAWHOOD and BOAR. by ail Druggists- in the
15:ingdom; in Boxes Is. 1 Md. and 2s. bd. each. • r.
Aek for Whitney? Black Ciirraut Lozenges. •
Nov .23—JOR ru iSTAX PR c.liertsey klurrey„ oirpen ter..

TO THE ELECTORS OF THE UNITED KINGDOM.

FELLOW COUNTRYMEN,
N Association of persons, styling themselves the Anti-
!AL Slavery Society, are endeavouring, to dictate to you in a
:manner which is quite inconsistent with the freedom of Elec-
tion for a reformed Parliament. They presume to publish
lists, pointing out the Candidates you ought to choose, de-
nouncing others as unworthy of your confidence ; and
lurid out the terrors of Schedules A and B against all such
shall venture to appear before you without a pass from their
society. No matter how well qualified the Candidate may be
in point of general information, attachment to your loCal in:
terests, or acknowledged liberality of character; he is to, be
cast:aside as wholly undeserving of your support, unless he will
prostitute his independence of opinion by giving a blind pledge
to vote without inquiry, for the immediate unconditional ex-
inetion of Colonial Slavery.
It follows of course, that if this dictation be submitted to, the
first use you will have to make of your extended privileges as
Englishmen, must be not only to 'exclude from Parliament
every person connected with, or inclined to protect, the in-
terests of a huge class of your fellow-subjects who have no
direct RepresentatiVeS in the Legislature, but even so far as in
you lies, to assist in'confiscating their property.
Fellow Countrymen, suffer not yourselves to be made •the
tools of a party, however numerous they may be, or however
plausible their object. Be content with selecting honest men
fur your Representatives, who will merely pledge themselves to
look at the difficult question of Slavery in its only rational
light; viz. as a system long established, encouraged, and in-
deed originally enforced by the British Governthent in our
Colonies, which is to be exchanged for a better so soon as may
be icompatible with the real welfare of the black population,
and with the rights of private property.
Consider for a moment how little you can hitherto under-
stand the details of a system which, objectionable as it may be
has formed the frame-work of Colonial society for centuries
Bast,' and therefore how incapable you must be of instructing
your Representatives on such a subject, or they, if they be
honest men, of binding themselves to any course of conduct
respecting it• Are you aware that up to this moment the
Negroes have been accustomed to depend wholly on their
masters for home, food, clothing, for every thing necessary to
the support of existence from its commencement to its close ?
and have the Anti-Slavery Society been able to satisfy you
that in the present moral condition of the blacks, this habit of
dependence could be suddenly and safely exchanged for a
system of free labour; in short, that the Negroes are at this
moment diSposed to support themselves and maintain the staple
cultivation of the Colonies, as a tree peasantry ? So tar front
having satisfied you, it would appear that the Society them-
selves have some misgivings on this important point; for they
do not seem disposed to let you wait the final result of two
Parliamentary Committees, which are collecting evidence as to
the Negro's actual progress towards civilization nay, they
have even had the assurance to stigmatize as a " profligate ex-
penditure of public money" the loan lately made by Podia-
ment for the express purpoie of enabling certain Jamaica
planters to resume cultivation on their dilapidated estates,
which had heretofore furnished the means of supporting their
Negroes ; thus plainly evincing that the boon which the so-
ciety expect you to confer upon the emancipated blacks, is not
that of profitable industry, but idleness.

If you will be content to wait the result of Parliamentary in-
vestigation, the actual condition of the black population will
then, for the first time, be before you. Should it turn out that
they are still incapable of appreciating the benefits of industry,
looking to freedom only as to a state of luxurious inactivity,
then immediate emancipation would be to them what it has
been to the blacks of St. Domingo, a bitter curse, commencing
in bloodshed, and ending in compulsory labour, enforced by
the drum and the bayocet. Freedom to the Negroes under
such circumstances would necessarily be the destruction of all
profitable cultivation in our Colonies ; the sacrifice of a trade
which now consumes five millions worth of our manufactures,
and employs one-fourth of our whole mercantile marine, and a
direct bribe held out to induce foreign nation's to continue the
Slave Trade 'with all its horrors. But if, on the other hand, it
should appear that the Negroes have advanced in moral charac-
ter, have acquired property, and are even approaching a state of
fitness for receiving the previleges of industrious free citizens,
then what will become of all the abuse which has been heaped
upon. the head of the calumniated and nearly ruined British
planter ? and how unnecessary will it be that you should add to
nis embarrassment, by precipitating measures which must in .
evitahly , produce destruction and bloodshed, unless they are
conducted with the greatest circumspection.

•
The difference of feeling between the planters and yourselves
relateS.only to the time and manner of terminating slavery; all
good men Must lament that such a syst. should have been
established and encouraged by a • ish legislature : and f
considered s. a 'national crime, i can only be expiated by
the nation giving freednin to the• ave aa' soon as he may be
found capable of making a rational use of that blessing. But,
fellow countryn en,. do pot suffer the Anti-Slavery Society to
cajole you into the fatal belief, that the favor of Heaven will
attend this 'indict al atonement, if it be made at the'sole ex-
pense of the Unfortunate British: planter. The specious prin-
ciple which has been recently, promulgated • for the sake of
covering injustice, viz, that "man -cannot claim property in
the person of his fellow man," may he applicable enough as
between the slave and. the people of Great Britain ; but it can
never invalidate the claim of the planter to due compensation
for the loss he may sustain, or the risk he may incur' by the
abrogation of those laws under which he was encouraged to
purchase slaves from British subjects• brought to him in British
vessels, and the profits resal lug from which traffic at thisapo7
ment couseiLute a part of dui .i4jidual and collective wealth, of;
the mother country. •

It would be idle to expect that the people of England can
escape from their full shire of tilt responsibility, so long as the
frame of society is to be kept together; it is in'the poWer of the
people to at,sist in making laws aS, well as in recalling them ;
but every honest judge and statesman will tell you, that if once
you introduce the precedent of sacrificing legally • established
private rights for what may be considered the common benefit,
that principle will draw after it the speedy destruction of every
species of individual property.

Q. Vir. & S. HLI3IiERT & CO.
DkVIDSONS, BARKLY, &
4. STEwAuT & WESTNO RE-

LAND.
FttASER, ALEXANDER, NELL-

BROOKE, SMITH, &C.
COLVILLE & CO.
REID, CO.
.TIMPEILON &:DOBINSON..
HAWTHORN -& SIIEDDEN.
MANN/NO.& AN:DE:BONi
CAVAN,. BROTHERS, &
HANKEY, PLUMMER, & WIL7

SON & Co. -
ALL 7(.• S JAS.- CAMPBELL.. 8.7

NV. R. &•S. throiELL, & Co.
DAVISON, SINIrsoN, & DAVI-

SON.
THOS.. & Z'u'ni. KING.

JOHN DEFFELL & SON..
JAHN HENRY I)EFFELL & Co..
Row:kit JLYNASTON, JUN..
TUOASON 11.4:N KEY & CO..
ALEXANUER GUANT.

.SON. .
HALL, M`G.AREL, & CO,
BECKFORD RANKEN.
\V.. HERVEY.
BODDINGTON & DAVIS..
THOMAS DANIEL & CO.
NELSON, ADAM, & CO.
COTTAM & MORTAN.
CHAONCET & LANG.
'R.. J. GRANT & Co..

Bps, BOND, & PunusE.
.11.41,0. E. & Co.
!Witty-vinare.

PRICE 7d.

DOARZEST.IV ILkITY;LLIC.ENCM.

The actions brought by the Chamberlain against Mr. Daven—
port, the stage-manager of the Strand. Theatre, have been,
withdrawn.

The• Misses Turton are at present in Boulogne : not having
changed' their names, they were subjected to much intruding-
curiosity, and have determined to leave the place.—Globe. '
The Scheme of. Equitable Labour Exchanges seems to' be,
spreading., Mr. °Wen:has been at Birmingham, and has ex—
plained' his•system to a meeting of 10,0(X) people:
- We are
.happy.to say, that by the end of this week the dis—
pute between the silk.weavers of Macelestieid and their masters,
the Messrs: Brockleharst, wdi be accommodated by the hands-
resuming their employment at the old prices. Sevetal other or
the Manufactories retained work. on Thursday last_--Citester.
Cleron;cte..

• A few days back, an elderly woman -n:unz;d Hi?le, residing
with Shepherd Levett, Milton-street, in the parish of Arlington,
who has a daughter subject to.epileptic fits, entered the kitchen,
and obserying the poor•girl,
.whp had just fallen in a fit, lying
on the. floor, fell down herself; and immediately.. expired !--
Lewes Journal.

•
The address from this, city to the Throne, deprecating the
Dutch war, was forwarded to the Duke of, Duccieucit to-6,1v.

It was subscribed by upwards of two thousand tndiv,iduaLs, who,
We can honestly state, represent the whose knowledge, wealth,
and TaspCetabkity of this important city.—Glavow Courier_

.. . -
The Essex address against the Duteh war,, the si-gnatures• to
which-,extended to',a, length of thirty feet, :,and..com,prehend the-
larger portion'of the property and.respectubility of.t.b.e county,.
,is now awaiting the Secretary of State's instractious as to tile-
mod,e, in, which. his Majesty Will be pleased to receive it. A.
similar address has also been nunierous4 signed is the city of
Worcester.—London stqruliird.
. .

. .
GAMEKEEPER SHAT..--Last week- three poachers. were com—
mitted to Salop.geol„ ebarked- with .s,hootingnt, with intent to,
kill, the gamekeeper
_of Sir Edward Blount- The affair took
place near. Maviley. Seine of the shots entered 0e of the
keeper's eyes, and he has lost the sight of it. Thongh other--
wise much injured, hopes are entertained of his recovery.—
Worcester Journal,

CAUTION TO PARENTS.—On Thursday evening; about seven:
O'clock,. a fine young girl, six years of age, named. Dixon, tile,
daughter of a journeyman. bricklayer, residing. at i 7,.
North-place, City-road, London, met with a shoticiug accident.
which shortly after caused- her death. Her mother had gone'
to a baker's shop, which:was not more than 100 yards off,.
expecting to return immediately turned. the key in the dOor'om
the outside; she remained out longer than she had intended,.
and on her return was horror-34116k at. finding- her
writhing on the ground, her clotlies all
_ronsumea„ z ker-
body burnt in the most shocking manner. Medical
was immediately called in,. and every attention paid tt vol..
suee'rcr, but it was witlio.lt effect; she lingc,..cd ref,st
excruciating ageny till 8 o'clock yesterday nicrning, v stie-
expiee,d.. This is the third accident of the kind that has orcui•ect:
during the week, all crying to the Unpaidiumb,e negltet:
of parents. • A -common tirescreen would have prevented the'
accident in each instance.

Mil- BUCK tNC4I4I A M'S CIRCVM-NAVIG NTION- PROJECT.,
Pugh enquires of the editor of the Tijoeg, if he can g;.-
any infoimation respecting. Mr.. Biti,:kingh:
pounced, about two ,y ears ar.,,0,.0.-f a voya-4-o
embracing a irtutiKuae of objects too .".
ever been carried into effect, and , 7 y..
Mr. Pugh couiplains that he ei gC:'
Pugh is not solitary in that reFp-xi... t.-
the project was very fOoliith. 'fhcre v ..tibseribed are, vc-
suppose, convinced by this time, that we were right.. •

COMMUNICATION WITH, FRANCIS.:—.It. was recently stated%
that arrangements were in progress for the establishment of
daily estafette between France and England,..witit separate. 6e--
liveries on the English coast, .and along the direct line of com-
munication- It now appears, thetsothe strange obstacles, the,
nature of which remains a mystery, ale thrown in the way of
the design, and that the managers of the French post-ofrac;: al-
most despair of being.able to carry, it into execution.. Still; we,
trust, that the zeal of the Duke of Richmond willmltiniat&y
conquer all difficulties,. and put into operation a plan
would be extremely beneficial- to both countries-
ADHOIT COACH Rouaray.—About seven ol'clock, on Frillay-
night, a commercial gentleman lost; on the road fizem Bath to,
Bristol,. six acceptances to the amimut of ENG,. and two £l5)
Bristol Branch Bank of England notes from a nortinani:eata
placed on the, roof of the coach,. 'i. vo saspiciousSokizg;. indi-
viduals got up behind the coach as it wz3 leaving Bristol, audi
left it again At Tiverton, during which:time they siielterd.then-
selv,es from the observation of the front passengers lxV an Lunt,-
rella ; and, the boistereirs wind prevented their. being b.,ear,i.
while they opened the portmanteau, and replaced all ihois',:rti,„
&c., so as to have the whole, to.al.lappearance, untouched_ 't:re,
of the thieves bas been anprebended- •
• •

.
APFREHESION OF A. GANG OP ENTI,ISIVE DEYEDATOI2..
IllfOrlllatioll Was forwarded to, town on -Saturday last,, that a few-
days since three men, who state their names to be- Lee,.a.;;Yl n rice
have the appearance of travelling, tiol,:erio,. or rat catchers,. to-
gether with a woman and•two girts, were apprelienaed by tw.o,
constables,. at Llandovery, wi';ll_ eight herses aro; u:
quantity of valuable propettv in . their possession- The, -1-.1.:-
soners had a four wheel caravaim, with the name of ‘"Tobil Lee„
Shrewsbury, on it, and a col area cart, with- the name tearou
Lee, Worcester;.' painted ou the, aide; and, on, 'Searching 30, to
boxes which these vehicles contained, the ()facers kunkl in then-.
a great midi of the richest ,au'

lost j,nvellery.

consisting of massive rings, e:
bracelets, a handsome
ease, richly furni.hei, {•:• •
valuable clouble ceas: r

ni7s, coral : li!CeS, lit
•

t 'xl ~;:.2Ti] is tr

es an;: au
with

a great 11K11,1bC.r

of pawnbrokers' cuPiicates for w,,ihes, silver spoons, and• vari-
ous articles of plate. The prisoners gave a mo,A. unsatisfactory
account of the prokerty, and these. can be tut little doubt Lug:
that it forms part ct several robberies which haVe been (ism-
mated in different parts of the country: '
TENLIVE FRAUDS IN. BASE?: C ex,t-raerrliinirryr
discovery of counterfeit money has been. lately made, bp. tag
Bankof England clerks,. to 'the amount of EMI anicrig..good.,
cash paid into that establishment,. under the fotTowing.:strangc-i
circumstances :—lt is the custom of the Dutch eel-schuyts as
.fishing smacks, which bring fish to the London maiket,.to. Fay:
all monies received by .them' into the Bank of England. cm
account of the Dutch consul, who gives them. a check_ for the-
amount, to be paid to a. Dutch company, the'proprietors of the,
schuyts and smacks in Holland:. A few days since;; all=. the!
Dutch captains had' paid in several large bags.of, silzot„ tie,
proceeds of the sale of their cargoes of fish at .Billings ate„
great proportion of the coin in one bag was. found, to be eoun,
terfeit- The Bank clerks in consequence, examined. the: other
bogs, and base silver coin to the amount of Ll 3 ,t was.discov.eeedl
amongst the good money.. A communication was immediately'
made to Lord. Ackland, the Master of tha Royal Mint, on ate/
'subject, who referred the matter to Mr. Powell, the
Solicitor.. Since the discovery, Mr.. A.. Mitchell„ one
,of eke
principal surveyors of the Thames.-police, called- on. Board a
fishing smack to. obtain some explanation, of one of the cap-
tains. , Ike found the Dutchman at his dinner, and.. tot 6
sehman on board to request him to step on deck_. The captain.,
refused to leave. his. cabin until he had finished his meat
„,
on Mitchell telling, him his business was urgent,. he polies hiss
• body. half through the hatch Way, • muttering a few oatk,..
being disturbed. After the officer had finished, the Datenar
asked if that was all the news he had to tell ?. Mr. Mitatilil
said it was, and required some information. as to,how he becirzies
possessed of the spurious coin The' Dutchman refused to,
satisfy. hire;. and atter observing, that as he .had told, (lids
ZeNTS he might go, and he (the, captain)should finish/. his,"din-
ner, diappeared, and .quietly resumed his seat,. as if nothing;
had happened.. Two other Dutch captains, who.wera,staatli
by, •treated,the affair with 'the same levity, and said they haul-
not English enough to understand it, Payment of thirazirmy-
to • the amount named has, of coursa, beers
Bank in the Accounts of the Dutch....Pishing„Cc4nßazil.
