THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

CORRESPONDENCE.

MR. BOOTH'S "FREE. TRADE, AND ITS EFFECTS
ON THE PEOPLE."

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STrINDARD.

Sir,—l now resume the consideration of Mr. Booth's pam-
phlet. In my last letter I discussed the question of Timber
duties; the next in order is the preSumed protection afforded
to our Sugar and Coffee colonies, and our other possessions in
the East and West Indies. That these are entitled to protec-
tion it will not be difficult to prove; while, I regret to say, that
as far as the great staple, Sugar, is concerned, that protection
is more nominal than real.. When the home market was de-
pendent on the old colonies for supply, that supply did not ex-
ceed the consumption, and fair remunerating prices were paid
to the Planters in consideration of the restrictions they were
then placed under, now chiefly withdrawn; these restrictions
obliged them'to-send all their produce to tfle mother country,
and to receive all their stores and supplies from the same
-quarter. When the conquered colonies were ceded to us, their
produce was admitted here on similar terms; in consequence,
the supply exceeded the honie consumption, and a'considerable
annual surplus has since then been left over for exportation,
the prices obtained for which hi the Foreign market necessa-
rily govern those of the whole importation in the home, and
thereby renders nugatory the protection it was the. intention
of the Legislature to give. The 'Want of this protection is
severely felt by the. Planters, subjected as they now are, with
greatly reduced returns, to increased expence, in order to
satisfy public opinion; and also to restricted labour from their
people, such as does not exist in the Foreign colonies with
which they are obliged to compete in other markets.
The advantages reaped by the mother country from her inter-
course with the Sugar colonies, haVe been often and ably
stated by others, who were more competent than I am to do
so :—when the extensive tonnage, and seamen employed by
them are added to those occupied in the British Colonial
Timber trade, I believe they will be fOund to amount to nearly
one half of the whole commercial navy of Great Britain.
These colonies afford a very extensive and important market
for the sale and consumption of our manufactures, and the
revenue derived here from the importation of their produce is
known to be of great amount; neither could partial supplies of
any extent be procured from other quarters, were they to be-
come necessary, without the public, that is "the people," being
subjected to the payment of enormous prices to obtain them.—l
think Mr. Booth is ode of those who advocate the early, if not
immediate emancipation of the slave's in these, colonies, and
Who desire in the interval to put the Planters to increased EN-
pence, and would further restrict the existing moderate period
of slave labour. Can he desire to extinguish altogether the
almost hopeless exertions of the Planters, by substituting the
produce of slave labour in Foreign 'countries and 'colonies,
where the system is pursued with unmitigated severity, and
without any prospect being afforded of mitigation or change?
Is it for-such an object that lie proposes to admit their produce
to our markets without restriction, and to put to eminent
hazard the lives of both the Planters and their slaves, with the
destruction of the mass of interests interwoven with, and sup-
ported by our colonial system? If so, where is his humanity,
and why is his benevolence asleep? I hope, and I think, that he
cannot-be aware of the too probable'resUlts that would thus be
produced, and that his philanthrophy may yet step in to awake
him,—with that hope I proceed to the next national interest
that he considers to require improvement and chauge,=—that is
the protection, afforded to our Fisheries.
. The encouragement gi' en to our fisheries has ever been held
to be a measure -of'sound national policy. Whilst in comparative
iofancy they were , fostered by bounties, which, as they ap-
proached stability, have been gradually withdrawn. Our ablest
statesmen have viewed them as a source of. certain and growing
wealth; obtained at small expense, affording employment to a
large body of tradesmen—" the people—and rearing the har-
diest race 'of seamen in existence ; these appear to me to be ad-
vantages of no ordinary degree, and that ought not, for the sake
of trying new theories, to be rashly put to hazard—fortunately,
in these times of novel experiments, in this case no opening
could be found for such. Mr. Booth complains of the duty on
foieigii oil, but is it not a dead letter ? when was it paid ? and
is it not well known that, on the contrary, "train oil" is occa-
sionally an article of export to the Dutch and German mar-
kets ? .

The protection afforded to the produce of our mines is the
next subject of Mr. Booth's censure, and to support his charges
he tells us, that we impose a duty of thirty shillings per ton on
foreign iron ; (this duty he again designates a mitigated penalty,
because a previous rate was higher;) and adds, that it was equal
to 25 per cent. on the value: If he will take the trouble of turn-
ing to the prices current he will find SWedish bar iron in bond,
in London, quoted from £ll 10s. to £l2 10s. per ton, average
£l2—on which 30s. duty is 12;4 per cent:. in place of 25. This
of itself is of little importance, but it shows the careless man-
ner in which Mr. Booth provides his facts, and his readiness to
seize on such as appear to suit his purpose. For my argument
it is immaterial, as our iron trade happens to be independent
of such protection : the present price of British bar iron here is
about one-half of that required for Swedish in bond; the export
is of great magnitude to every market where iron is admitted
and the depression from which the trade has been suffering is,
not caused by foreign competition in this or other markets, but
from an excess of production beyond consumption or demand,
and the consequent competition between the iron masters for
the supply of the market from their accumulated stocks. It is
true, the general quality of our iron is more hard and brittle,
and, for certain purposes, less suitable than Swedish and some
descriptions of Russian ; but British is also now prepared in
the same manner, to a- sufficient extent, and of similar tough
quality with the best foreign, which Mr. Booth states to be so
essential and important. Neither lead, copper, or tin are no-
ticed by him; I have, therefore, only to observe that, although
lilewise protected by nominal duties, they are also exported to
a large extent in the face of foreign competition ; therefore,
whilst no market for foreign iron can be found here,- it is like
folly to propose the exchange of our manufactures for it.
Mr. Booth then proceeds to condemn the system of lower du-
tieS at which the wines of Portugal were admitted here by
treaty, in consideration of the preference given to our woollen
and other manufactures on their importation into that king-
dom; and he bails, as a symptom of the approach of snore liberal
principles, the equalization of the duties on foreign wines, by
which those of France and Portugal were placed on the Same
footing ; this change was made by the preSent government in
the first session after their accession to power, and formed a
part and parcel of their very novel and far-fa Med budget of
finance, which had for its object to repeal Certain taxes, and
'substitute others in their plaCe : of the last this was one, but the
whole measure terminated, as is well known, in all but a total
failure. Mr. Booth is pleased, rather unfortunately to himself,
to congratulate us on this change,
.and professes to treat with
something like contempt what he thinks proper to call " the
fanciful notion, sanctioned by the wisdom of our ancestors;"
that is, he adds, "that France would supply us with the pro-
&ice of her vineyards, but decline taking the produce of our
skill and industry in return!" He has not, however, thought

proper to tell us (although he must be aware that the wines of
France have been admitted to our market for the last eighteen
months on the most favoured terms,) what are the l►ranches
" of the produce of our skill and industry" that she has agreed,
to receive in return ! Are they our cotton goods ? our wool-
lens ? our silks ? our hardware ? to each he must answer " no !"
—to what then does he refer us for evidence of the benefits we
reap from this new system of reciprocity ? the wisdom of which,.
I for one, as well a's ".our ancestors," am "fanciful" enough
to doubt. I hope he will yet inform us. It is true, Mr. Stan-
ley, the Irish Secretary, and a member of the present Cabinet,
in the speech he lately delivered at Lancaster, (which has been
so much lauded by some and condemned by others) also affects
to congratulate us on the intimate connection we have now
formed with France, under his and his colleagues' auspices, but
of the benefits derived from it there is a sad lack of evidence;
all he had to offer was of a prospective nature, and in the dis-
tance, for nothing has yet been done : he states, " that undoubt-
edly after a considerable lapse of time, but in consequence of our
liberal conduct," their manufacturers were now petitioning to
be permitted to export their silk, that their ministers intended
to comply with their wishes, and also to permit the import of
British yarn; but he has omitted to tell us when these intentions
were to be carried into effect, or to what duties the silk and yarn
would then be subject, no doubt, because he did not know.
But let us suppose this species of reciprocity to be in action,
and that we'give to Mr. Booth and Mr. Stanley the advantage
°Lit; we have, then next to consider what we may expect to,
reap from it, as a set-off for having abandoned our close inter-
course and beneficial connection with unfortunate Portugal,
our and faithful ally.

The time was, when the silk of the south of France was
wanted, and when permission to import it would have keen an
acceptable concession to the Spitalfield's weavers, the descen-
dants of the French Hugonots, who found shelter with our
" fanciful ancestors," when obliged to fly from France to escape
the persecution of the ancestors of our uniform and ancient
enemies, now converted into our "liberal allies," and who then
introduced that manufacture here; but, fortunately, we have
now got new sources of supply, and the means for obtaining
them in our own hands; these are abundant from our posses-
sions in India, and have been followed by the existing great
extension of this branch of manufacture, affording employment
to many thousands of operatives in this and the adjoining
county, who, by their skill and ingenuity, rival the goods of
their French opponents in the foreign markets; and while the
trade is advancing here without the aid of French silk, (ex-
,ported as a boon by Mr. Stanley,) it is known to be sinking
and retrograding there. Next as to our yarns :—the export of
them is considered by our weavers as but one step removed
from that of the raw material itself; and I ask, have not the
operative weavers of cotton in this county, no inconsiderable
body, but forming at least a proportion of "the people," whom
Mr. Booth has so courteously volunteered to take under his
wing, repeatedly petitioned the legislature to forbid the expor-
tation of cotton yarn, as a business most injurious to their in-
dustry and interests ? I thus throw back these congratulations,
on their authors, as affording matter for their renewed consi-
deration.

I would now proceed to consider the next object of Mr.
Booth's attack, but having already exceeded the bounds of an
ordinary letter, I shall postpone doing so for a few days, when
I intend again to request access to your columns.—Yours,
Feb. 8, 1833. MERCATOR.

A NEW SUBDIVISION, OF THE " HONOURABLE

HOUSE,"

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STAND.IRD.

" Well, 'tis amazing I declare
HoW folks may be mistaken."

Stn,—l have been, I confess, formerly among the number of
those who believed that our legislators were generally chosen
from aniong well educated, clever, sensible men,—men of pro-.
bity and honour, but reform has taught me that the belief was
an erroneous one, that I was mistaken in my opinion, nay, Mr.,
Editor, I declare, that since I have been made a ten-pound
elector, I have myself been bitten with the cacoethes of legisla-
tion, and I verily believe, that though only a three-and-ten:
penny, I should make as good a parliamerit.man as .ever figured
in St. Stephen's, but as that at present (whatever may happen
at afuture day) is out of the question, the elections being all
finished, and I not chosen : I shall endeavour to make up for
my loss in the house by giving a little advice out of it.
Heretofore, I believe, the House of Commons has been con-.
sidered as divided into two parties, viz., Whigs and Tories—
men who occupy the treasury benches, or who sit on the oppo-
sition benches, or, in other words, those who are in office, and,
those who are out of office. Now, I find, Mr. Editor, that our
reformed house will be composed of various parties—Whigs
and Tories, Conservatives and Destructives, Radicals and Re-
paters, moderate Reformers and conditional Repaltrs, &c., &c.
Now, Sir, I would strongly recommend that a few benches
should be elevated in some conspicuous part of the house to be
occupied by those only who have signalized themselves, not as
makers of the laws, but as breakers of the laws. Among the
foremost of these I would place that man, who, at a late dinner
given to him by his constituents could boast, that*" by the ad-
vice of his counsel he thought it preferable to visit.the hospit-
able shores of France at his own expense, than subject his
country to the expense of transporting him'to the inhoipitable
shores of Botany Bay ;". and who could mention as a curious
coincidence, "that on the 24th of December, 1819, he was pro-
claimed by the Sheriff, at the Cross of, Edinburgh, a rebel and
an outlaw : on the same day of December, 1832, he was pro-
claimed by the same Sheriff the chosen representative of the
people of D—." Surely, Mr. Editor, it will not be conildered
uncharitable in me, if I express a hope, that the coincidence
may be carried still further, and that at some other meeting,
that same Sheriff may preside over the destinies of the honour-
able member which may give him a much higher exaltation.
Is there among them any man who has been before a tribunal of
his country, to answer, for the charitable intention of easing some
unfortunate gentleman of any superfluous articles that may
encumber his person ? him I would place upon these honourable
benches. Is there a man,p.nlongst them who has been' formerly
expelled the House for some extraordinary stroke of policy dis-
played in mine bargaining? him, also, I would furnish with a
seat up:in those honourable' benches. And, though not in his
person, is there a man who could boast that any of his .proge,
nitors had furnished that unfashionable article the pillory with
a subject, he, also, should have place among these worthies. My
worthy friend the member for o****m, although, I believe, an
old jail bird, I have rather too good an opinion of those to plade
him in this honourable list. I think he would be well employed
in watching the movements of the big beggar man and his tail,
and if he does not cut up the "wild merriment youths" who
compose the said tail, and keep the great head in check, he is
not the man I take him for, and I shall be again mistaken.—
Yours, &c., QUIZ.

ROBBERY BY A SERVANT.-011 Thursday morning week, Ann.
Hall, servant to Mrs. Bayley in Great Ancoats-street, absconded
from the house of her mistress, taking with her ah elegant silk
cloak, a bonnet, and various other articles of wearing apparel
belonging to her mistress.. As soon as the loss was discovered
inquiries were made,' and it was ascertained that the girl had
gone to Liverpool by the railway about five minutes beicre the
person in search of her arrived at the station ; inforniati()n waa
consequently given to the Liverpool police, and on Monday khe.
was apprehended at a public house in the noighbourflood of
Williamson-square, dressed in her mistress's clothes. She
wad
brought before the magistrates atAhe New Bailey on TueAtt 57.7-I%\
and committed for trial. )

; •

E N,

Poetry.

ON THE DEATH OF A FRIEND.

FRIEND after friend departs;

Who hath not lost a fried ?
There is no union here of hearts
That finds not here an end;
Were this frail world our final rest,
Living or dying none were blest.

Beyond the flight of time,—
Beyond the reign of death,—
There surely is some blessed clime
Where life is not a breath ;
Nor life's affections, transient fire,
Whose sparks fly upwards and expire.
There is a world above,

Where parting is unknown ;
A long eternity of love,
Form'd for the good alone;
And faith heholds the dying, he,
Translated to that glorious sphere !

Thus star by star declines,
Till all are past away ;
As morning high and higher shines,
To pure and perfect day ;
Nor sink those stars in empty night,
But hide themselves in heaven's own light.
MONTOOMEIRY.

VARIETIES.

FRENCH PARLIAMENTARY JOKE.—At the sitting of the
Chamber of Deputies on Friday last, after the proves verbal had
been read, an honourable Deputy, protested against his being
included in the list of those who were absent in the last
sitting, as he had been present the whole day, and had
answered to his name when called on. The President ob-
served, that probably the Secretary had not heard him, add-
ing, that it was not surprising that a monosyllable should be
lost, as whole speeches were frequently delivered without the
Chamber hearing a word of them. (Laughter.) The error,
however, should, he said, be amended.
THE MOUSE.—About eight. years ago, being in the daily
habit, of descending into the coal-mines of the Newcastle dis-
triet,'"l one day caught a half-grown mouse, at the extremity of
a gallery into which the little animal had retreated as I ad-
vanced' towards it (a situation, by the way, in which I have
seen a rat, by which the mines are also infested, turn round and
attack a boy.) Now, as no cat had up to that period been in-
troduced into the mine, I determined- to carry home my pri-
soner, for the purpose of observing his deportment on being
brought into the. presence. of his formidable and natural enemy.
In order, however, that he might regain hii self-possession after
being introduced to the light of slay, which in all probability he
bad never seen before, I kept him confined in a glass lantern
fur a few days, where he, soon became so tame as to eat in my
presence. In order that he might enjoy amore extensive view
of surrounding objects, rfixed a piece of stick about nine inches
long into the socket of the lantern upon which the little fellow
very soon mounted; and after finishing his meals, he usually
amused himself on his perch, by licking all the accessible parts
of his body. In this way he was engaged, on the fifth or sixth
day of his capture, when I introduced a young cat into the
room : she very soon discovered the lantern and its contents,
which was placed on the table, and dashed at it with all the
ferocity of a tiger. To my surprise and amusement, my youth-
ful prisoner continued his ablutions with all the coolness ima-
ginable, without even condescending to notice the furious efforts
of the cat to break the glass and devour him. This experiment
was frequently renewed fur the. amusement of my friends, and
invariably with the same results. Shortly afterwards I carried
the little animal again into the coal-mine, and set him free.
It must be obvious that the mouse could not be aware that the
glass of the lantern afforded him a sufficient protection ; it did
appear to me at the time, that he had uo natural or instinctive
dread of the cat.—Penny Magazine.
A MOST REMARK ABLE HORSE STORY.—From a Correspon-
dent.—(The following circumstance appears so incredible, that
had we not received- the account from a gentleman on whose
veracity we confidently rely, we should not have introduced it
to the notice of cur. readers :)—Brough, (Westmorland,) Jan.
1833.—Mr. Rudd, of this place, carrier to Stockton, had a
favourite blind horse, 16 years of age, which regularly travel-
led, from his early age to the present time, in cart or waggon.
A few weeks ago, from over-heating, cold, &c., this horse was
taken seriously ill, with loss of appetite, swellings of the legs,
mostils and almost every part, of. his body. Every possible
care, by medicine, nutritious fOod, &c., was had recourse to,
with warm stable, sheeting, and the most constant attendance
Ott so deserving an old servant; but to no effect. experi-
ence of the most enlightened managers of horses was lost; and
Mr. Rudd, from motives of humanity, was advised to put an
end to his misery by bleeding him to death. About ten' o'clock,
one severe frosty, night, he was taken down to the common, a
few hundred yards from the stable, and on both sides of the
neck, struck with a large sized instrument, from whence he
bled 'most freely, not less than 15 or 16 quarts. The poor
animal, quite exhausted, gradually sunk down, stretched out his
legs, and died—in the opinion of every one present. The. cord
was removed from his neck, and the party went home. 'Early
the next morning, the blacksmith went to take off the shoes,
the skinner to take off the hide, and the pig breeder to take
possession of the carcase, were severally in attendance; but to
the astonishment of all, nothing, except the blood, was remain-
ing on the spot, without any vestage of the carcass being drag-
ged away.' Some time after, report was made that the sup-
posed dead horse was near the blacksmith's shop, at the low
end of the street. He was immediately taken under his old
master's care, nutritious food offered, which he ate with good
appetite; and, by such attentiln, in the course of ten days,
he, was restored to perfect health and strength, and enabled to
perfOrm his regular journey to Stockton and back that week ;
and he now continues in better health, spirits, and condition,
than he has been for several years back. The poor crealure,
on recovery from his death-like appearance, had made his way
to the pining hedge—had nipped the short grass, and fol-
lowedlre. hedge, along the lanes leading from the common,—
a distance of not less than half, or perhaps three quarters f a
Ale, to where he was found' standing in the street, very close
lathe shop of the person who was intended as his executioner.
—Carlisle Patriot.

AMERICAN INDIANS.—The Indians now remaining within the
territory of the United States consist of at least 400,000 persons.
There does not seem to be any accurate census of the nuMber,
but I have not seen them any where rated at a number exceed-
ing 600,000, or under 400,000. Of .this number, about 75,000,
consisting of tribes called Cherokees, Creeks, Chickasaws, and
Choctaws are in possession of separate territories in Georgia,
Alabarriaf:Tennessee &c. The Cherokees are the most civilized
of those tribes ; their population consists of about 15,000 per-
sons, inhabiting a very fine country, of about 5 millions of acres,
in whichi there are extensive and fertile plains, well watered, in
a healthy cliinate,'with a lofty range of stretching across
the country. The Cherokees are essentially a civilized people.
Each fmniiy has its little farm, and derives at least a.part of its
support from agriculture, or some other branch of civilized in-
dustry. They are planters and farmers, tradespeople and me-
chanics. They have corn fields and orchards, looms and work
shops, schools and churches, and orderly institutions. In 1824,
when the population of the Cherokees'was 15,560 persons,.it in-
clude.itl,2i-7'negroes ; and there were in the nation 18 schools,
35...list:Mills, 13 saw mills, 762 looms, 2,486 spinning wheels,
172 waggons, 2,923 ploughs, 7,683 horses, 22,531 black cattle,
46;732 swine, 2,546 sheep, 430 goats, 62 blacksmiths' shops,
&c.:,-&c.; and there are in the nation several public.roads, and
terries, and turnpikes. Their climate is healthy and their win-
ters mild. The soil produces maize, cotton, tobacco, wheat,,
oats, indigo, sweet and Irish potatoes. The natives carry on
considerable trade with the adjoining states, and sonic of. them
export cotton to New Orleans. Apple and peach' orchards are
common, and gardens well cultivated. Butter and cheese are
the: produce of their dairies. There are.many houses of public
entertainment kept by the natives. numerous and flourishing
villages are seen in every section of the country. Cotton and
woollen cloths and blankets are every where. Almost every
family in the nation produces cotten.for its own consumption.
Nearly all the nation are native Cherokees. A printing press
has been established for several years; and a newspaper, writ-
ten partly in the English, and partly in-the Cherokee language,
has been successfully carried on. This paper; Called the Che-
rokee Phcenix, is written entirely by a :Cherokee, a young man,
under thirty. It had been surmised' that he was assisted by. a
white man, on whfch he put the following notice in the paper:
—" No white has any thing to do with the management of our
paper. No other person, whether white or red, besides the os-
tensible editor, has written,' frem- the commencement of the
Phanix half a column of matter which has appeared under the
editorial head." New Echota is the seat of government of the
Cherokees. The provisions of the constitution are placed under
six heads, subdivided into sections. The trial by jury is in full
operation. The right' of Suffrage is universal. All free male
citizens who have attained the age ofeighteen years, are Cur
titled to vote at public elections.—Stuart's America.

THE LONDON PRESS.

FOREIGN POLICY OF MINISTERS.

Whilst the proceedings in the House of Commons have
grievously disappointed public expectation, and already
nobody seems to care a rush what the Althorps and Rus-
sells twaddle. or the O'Connells and Macauleys rave
about, the masterly exposure of Lord Grey's foreign po-
licy
by the Earl of Aberdeen in the Lords is the theme of
admiration equally in the city and the court end. And
here we must be allowed to congratulate the noble earl
that he has not fought the good tight in vain. It is hard
to kick against the pricks of popular prejudice, the uphill
labour of Sisyphus, and too often similarly rewarded, but
magna est yentas: Time is a great teacher; but as Lord
Aberdeen foresaw, the follies of Grey ald, Palmerston
have outrun the march of time itself; the lawless foray of
their good French ally to the Scheldt, his buccaneering
expedition to the Tagus, coupled with the licensed plun-
der of the people by their lordships fast friends the Jews
and jobbers of the stock house, have predisposed the pub-
lic to that revolution of opinion which the unanswerable
arguments of the Earl of Aberdeen have now consum-
mated. Again, we congratulate him that he has returned
from his native hills to achieve.a goodly triumph.for fel-
low subjects long blind and thankless, renovated in health
and strength to enjoy it—for, we understand his Lordship
looked wonderfullyimproved in appearance since the
last session.

To retrieve as far as in them lies their noble master
from the piteous plight in which the debate on the Royal
Speech left him, the ministerial papers, with a praise-
worthy sense Of duty, not always found amongst mdrce-
naries,i have not been slow in coming to his assistance.
The Times blusters for the continuance of the embargo
upon and against Dutch- shipping and merchandise, much
in the same manner and to the same sense as the bravo
who challenges to fight the more manfully that his con-
federates are at hand to prevent it. The Dutch say too
—and in similar circumstances so should we say—the
embargo by all means as long as you please. Certes,
they gain nothing, and must lose something by it. But
the question is which is the heaviest loser—England or
Holland ? At chess, a pawn is considered advantageously
sacrificed to entrap a knight, and a castle—the castle of
Antwerp—excellently surrendered if it insure checkmate
to the king. The rules of the game of chess, or war,
applied to commerce will, we apprehend, hold equally
good. It would therefore throw some light upon the
subject if Mr. Robinson, or any other well practised com-
mercial man, would move for the returns of the amount
of British and Dutch shipping respestively employed in
the trade between Holland and this country. We should
then be able to understand which gets a knight for a
pawn, and a king for a castle. The merchants of the
City of London, who are usually accounted, even by
their bitter enemies, the Whigs, to be a far-seeing race,
have indeed, by their grand meeting, both virtually and
actually, prejudged the question. 'They have cried out
against the embargo long since, as men have a right to
do who are so grievously taxed for the sumptuous sup-
port of the " family men" of the Grey badge. Strange
to say, the merchants of Ainsterdam and Rotterdam,
albeit men renowned for the love of per centages and
profits, have unloosed their purse-strings by tens of
millions to support their King and the embargo, besides
millions more to their fast ally of Russia, for her good
word in the suit, and nothing more. These are the
marvels of the foreign policy of Madame Flahaut's pu-
pil; if her ladyship had even succeeded in dispossessing
the Duchess de Dino, her triumph could not have been
more complete.

We question if the braggart tone of his bottleholder
be really according, to Treasury order. Even Lord
Grey himself, who despises trade and prides himself with
great justice on his perfect ignorance of all its princi-
ples, must have his misgivings—the budget must be pre-
pared, and the "family" punctually paid, for the Greys
don't trust. Besides, as his Lordship has reason to
know, there is not a deputation or a trader who has the
means of being heard at the Treasury, from the City,
Birmingham, Leeds, Manchester, and other manufac-
turing districts, that does not bitterly remonstrate against
the continuance of the embargo. Even the Peace So-
ciety hypocrites of Huddersfield, and the infant slavery.
traders of Leeds, who shouted " War with Holland,
down with the peace-seeking Tories," are besieging the
Treasury with memorials. and making poor Macaulay's
seat anything but a bed of roses—and all against the em-
bargo! Miserable dupes as they are, we counsel LOrd
Grey to stick to the embargo by all means, and ruin his
besotted supporters. Every bale of goods which these
people make up seems stamped with the murder of the
innocents, and worthy were it of the son of the saint-like
Zachary to aid in putting down a trade in human flesh,
whose dealers can never more serve his turn. Again,
we say the embargo by all means, and by and by the
merchants of London, with a voice that may not be de-
nied, will be heard thundering in the ears of the " family
men."—Guardian and Public Ledger.
