THE CHARGES OF FORGERY AT STOCKPORT.

As the charges of forgery at Stockport, to which we briefly
alluded last week, have now become notorious, by the public
advertising of a reward for the apprehension of the purl
charged, there can be no necessity for any further reserve on
the subject. The individual in question is Mr. John Ken-
yon Winterbottom, solicitor, and recently a banker, at Stoat:
port, clerk to the court of requests, councillor for Portwooa
ward, clerk to the magistrates at Stockport, prior to the
passing of the municipal reform act, and a man not only of
extensive practice and considerable reputation in his profes-
sion, but very generally esteemed and respected in the neigh'
bourhood by men of all parties. We understand that Mr-
Winterbottom, though generally reputed to be a rich man,
and being apparently the owner of real property to a consi-
derable amount, has been for some time past greatly involved
in his circumstances, owing to some severe losses oe money
imprudently advanced on mortgage, and to the unfavourable
issue of several speculations in which he had embarked, and
has therefore been tempted on several occasions to apply to
his own use sums of money that have come into his hands on
account of his clients ; but the particular circumstance which
has led to his flight, and to the offer of a reward for his ap-
prehension, is understood to be the following :—As solicitor
to the late Mr. Isherwood, of Marple Hall, and to the exe-
cutrices of that gentleman, Mr. Winterbottom was employed
to obtain payment of £5OOO, being the amount of a policy on
Mr. Isherwood's life in the Pelican Life Assurance Office ;
and various communications took place, from time to time,
between him and the executrices upon the subject, when be
alleged first one thing and then another, as furnishing a rea-
son why the money had not been paid by the insurance com-
pany. At length, either from some suspicions which were
entertained, or from impatience at the supposed delay, the
executrices, a few days ago, applied at the insurance office
through another channel; and they then learned that, as long
ago as December last, Mr. Winterbottom had received the
amount from Mr. Tate, the Manchester agent of the com-
pany, in a bill at seven days' sight, drawn payable to the
order of the executrices, at Messrs. Robarts, Curtis, and
Co.'s, bankers, London ; and, on further inquiry being made,.
it was found that this bill, bearing endorsements purporting
to be those of the executrices (the widow and daughters of
the deceased), had been negotiated by Mr. WinterbottOM.
through the bank of Stockporti and had been paid by the
London bankers. We understand that the executrices de-
clare that the bill was never endorsed or seen by them ; that
they never authorized Mr. Winterbottom to endorse it for
them, and that the endorsements purporting to be theirs are
consequently forgeries. We believe that, in addition to this
charge, there is another of a similar character, and relating
to another insurance of £3OOO in another office •, but not hay-.
ing heard the circumstances stated on any sufficient autho-
rity, we shall not now detail them.

Mr. Winterbottom, we believe, was last seen in Stockport
on Sunday the 2nd instant, on which day he left home in his
carriage, accompanied by his wife, of whom he took leave
near the railway station, in Liverpool Road, Manchester;
and he no doubt quitted this town by railway for Liverpool
on that day. In a day or two after his departure, Mr. Bush,
the solicitor to the London Banker's Association for the de-
tection and punishment of forgery, made his appearance at
Stockport, and applied to the magistrates for a warrant
against him. In the first instance, we believe, the magis-
trates did not think that there was sufficient evidence of a
forgery having been committed, and declined to grant the
warrant; but, the deficiency having been afterwards sup-
plied, a warrant was issued, and delivered to a police officer,
who immediately went in pursuit of the fugitive. The fol-
lowing is a copy of the advertisement, offering a reward for
his apprehension, which appears in the London morning pa-
pers of Saturday last :

" FoRGERY.--X2OO Reward.—Abscondeil, since Saturday,
the Ist day of August instant, after having committed seve-
ral forgeries, and having also, as is supposed, taken with him
several deeds and valuable securities, not his own property,
John Kenyon Winterbottom, lately of Stockport and Heaton
Norris, in the county of Lancaster, attorney-at-law and
banker. The said John Kenyon Winterbottom is about 55
years of age, five feet six to seven, rather stout and square
built (inclining to corpulency), short and quick step, walks
erect, not much colour, at present rather sallow looking, large
face, with pleasant expression and common features, with
whiskers rather grey, hair light-brown colour, but rather
bald, thick-necked, voice loud, speaks. thick, with a strong
accent and rapid delivery. Usually dresses in black coat,
black cloth waistcoat, and checked or plaid trousers. The
above reward will be paid on the apprehension of the said
John K. Winterbottom.—For further particulars apply to
Messrs. Bush and Master, solicitors, St. Mildred's Court,
London ; or to J. or D. Forrester, Police Office, Mansion
House."

Since the above was written, we have been informed that
there is little doubt that Mr. Winterbottom took his de-
parture in the Acadia steamer for Halifax, Nova Scotia, on
Tuesday last. It is stated, that he had taken a berth in his
own name, in the President, for New York, which sailed on
the preceding Saturday, and that he was in Liverpool on the
morning of that day, probably with the intention of going on
board ; but, for some reason or other, he abandoned that in-
tention, and returned to Stockport, which place he finally
left on the following day, as we have already stated, and was
seen on the Cheshire side of the Mersey on Monday. If, as
is believed, he left the country in the Acadia, on Tuesday, he
most probably assumed an9ther name ; for his name does not
appear in the published list of pasSengers by that vessel.—
Manchester Guardian.

JUNIUS.-A grandson of the late Sir Philip Francis, and
his widow, Lady Francis, are each of them said to be prepar-
ing a life of that accomplished statesman, in which the iden-
tity of the author of Junius's letters will unquestionably be
established. The box or trunk, so frequently alluded to in
the investigation of this subject, and winch was always re-
ported to contain undoubted testimony of this author's name.
has, we are told, been discovered by the grandson of Sir
Philip Francis.---Morning Chronicle.

.. • •
EYAN •
STATE OF THE SUGAR TRADE. SECOND EDITION.
hers in (From a correspondent of the Times.)
The British government has certainly managed to get itself ------='-- - - -=----'- _ _____
)y CDR' into what the Americans call " a pretty considerable sort of a
Standard-office, Three o'clock.
fix" on the sugar question.
Davis, Our readers must be abundantly aware that the price of sugar in England has within the last few - years been very The Britannia steam-ship was telegraphed off Holy-
:re Joy-
neaaly doubled. Coarse brown sugar was sold in London,
s,
not very long since, at 5d per pound. It now brings 9d, and head at 12 o'clock. She may be expected to arrive at
subreY, even that high price yields, we are told, no profit to the
grocer. an early hour this evening. If she does so, she will
i
Ed ward I __The cause for this rise is sufficiently simple and obvious. have accomplished the voyage across the Atlantic in
BI ckey. now left to his own option as to working among the about TEN DAYS-the shortest passage on record,
sugar canes or in his own garden, very frequently shoulders mood ;
and which, taken together with her outward voyage of
his hoe at ten or eleven in the morning, pockets his " bit "
for three or four hours' work, and amuses himself with his twelve days, renders the performances of this splendid
rd, jun. wife and children for the rest-of the day.
(Abu'''.
Now this is all very pleasant, as far as poor sambo is con- vessel unequalled in the history of steam navigation.
Walter cerued ; but then, in the result, there is one feature which is
YO V ~UNG LADY BURNT TO
not at all palatable. We have, probably, in London alone
at least 100,000 working men, who
with their families, con:
kinson• FIRE AT NEW FERRY-A
suave, on an average, a pound of sugar per week. A rise' of DEATH.-This morning, about half-past two o'clock, a fire '
4d per pound is equivalent to a tax of 17s per annum on broke out in the house of Miss Sankey, who keeps the post-
rterson• each family, for this, which is now almost anecessary oflife.
I Slack, So that, while we were talking of " relieving the poor man " office at New Ferry. There were in the house, at the. time,
terary. of an eightpence on the postage of a letter now and then, we Miss Sankey ; a young lady, a lodger, from Nottingham,
i were fastening on him a new burden of at least twenty times the weight. named Mary Ann Cooper, aged 21; and a servant girl. The
trict. fire originated in the bed-room of Miss Cooper, who it is But there is another point in the case which is still more
supposed was reading in bed ; and such was the rapidity of
awkward. The price of sugar iniolt be lowered at once this
whole 4d in the pound, if we would only take the sager of the flames, together with the circumstance of her having
John foreign countries at the same duty with those of our own, locked htr room door, that it was found impossible to rescue
s, John colonies. We are paying tax of some say £4,000,000 per her. The house, which is large, was interiorly nearly con-
annum, some say £6,000,000, merely to give a preference to
Lethley, our West Indian connections. sumed, but the roof did not fall. Mr. Hayes, of the Custom
siah B. . It is a question whether this can he maintained. It is to House in this town, and who lives opposite to Miss Sankey's,
be expected that some means of evading the law by re-ship- was one of the first on the spot, and together with many of
)11 Tay-
Folunngdorif
toitiihseerncnonnveoruts
crsisioffdeeresooeef
sshmougleinougtroiolle the neighbours, who were roused by the alarm, exerted him-
Waddy,
Would it be wise to do anything towards an equalisation of ere long be
self to the utmost to subdue the flames. Water was procured
3arnard the duties ? Here another difficulty meets us, and one of no from a pit close by, and ever y thing possible was done to ar- •
ipernu- unimportant kind.
We forced upon the West Indian planters the law of Bush_ rest the progress of destruction. A small portion of the fur-
nitric only was saved. When the conflagration was got un-
pne sab- cipation, and paid them the sum of £20,000,000 to cover nri
: fourth their estimated loss. der, the remains of the unfortunate young lady were found, 1
But this was for the loss of their slaves, not for the loss of but scarcely in a state to be recognized. Her head, indeed, ~
ange 011 their estates. If ue throw open our ports to slave-grown
eachers sugar, they who are not allowed to have slaves will be in- could not be found. Her bed-room was over the ,
stantly put out of the market, and their estates will not be and in the latter room were afterwards found, amongst tparlourhe 1
Walker, worth a shilling an acre.
rubbish, 43 sovereigns, a gold watch, and a few trinkets, be-
Nor
is this all. The vast sacrifice we then made was made
Louis 1 with a view to put an end to a certain amount of misery and longing to the unfortunate deceased, who, we have heard,
we forget
by Ile
lenfranchisement of our negroes. But what if was in expectation of entering upon a handsome independency NI
eurs,gtzlr carry our crhteomresfoh sugar to the slave in the spring of next year. The other inmates of the house
• coloniegsetofaotht
augmented
ltebde made their escape in, as might be supposed, a state of con-
the vast increase of demand for their sugars, an atulgy
James ,
cultivation and augmented demand for slaves' • and ;total at fusion and alarm. it
a]
Little. 1 last of fully as much human wretchedness as 'ever, although - the scene may be changed from one island to another.
.LIVERPOOL (.7(SRN EXCHANGE,-Tists DAY
change Here, then; is our present dilemma. In what way are we LIV
hers at to be extricated ? Something must surely be done ; for. it tl
some light showers intervened here within the
cannot be imagined that the people will long submit to pay-
Although
Dulson ; double price for so needful an article as sugar. last few days, the weather for the most part continued fa- A
Many schemes have been mooted for increasing the labour- vourable, and harvest, where it had commenced, progressed TI
ii Low- err, and with them the productiveness of our own colonies.
satisfactorily until this morning, when it began to rain ra-
We doubt the expediency of transplanting Asiatics or Euro-
'hillips. peans, Why not augment the number of negroes in the Bri-
they heavily, but partly cleared off in the course of the day. -
tish West India islands, without slavery ? Why should the . During the same period Wheat in bond appeared to excite
eaton. liberated blacks, for instance, be cast ashore at Sierra Leone, much attention, and with a view to low duties, transactions
when they might be far more happy in Jamaica? a
ohn P. And further, are there no sugar colonies which might be to a considerable extent were reported yesterday, on the full
purchased by England, or obtained by exchange ? The idea terms previously noted ;of English Wheat, likewise, several I
May seem extravagant; and so, under ordinary circumstances; parcels were then sold at Tuesday's rates ; and very prime
at Barritt, it would be. But the country is in a dilemma of no ordinary brands of States Flour under lock reassumed 30s per barrel. sti
kind, and some course of a similarly extraordinary character
Exclusive of these the operations in free produce were ge .
must be taken, in order to restore something like a proper
nday ill equilibrium. If we are paying even £3,000,000 per annum nerally of a limited character, without any material change in m
more for sugar than we need, we are paying the interest on a prices, • • trier. capital of £100,000,000.
The duty On Wheat has receded to lOs Bd, on Beans to
. -
RIOTS AT COLNE. is per quarter, and on Flour to 6s 5d per barrel ; leaving that
RES'S on all other foreign produce unvaried.
(From the Manchester Guardian.) The arrivals up to this day's market contain a fair su foi
pply
We are exceedingly sorry to learn, that serious disturbances
occurred, during the last week,. at Colne, arising principally of Wheat, coastwise and from abroad, with a moderate im-
irisdic- out of the opposition of the lower orders to the constabulary port of other Grain, and 3482 barrels of Flour, chiefly from du
rtn, eft-police. This feeling broke out with such violence in April Canada ; but from Ireland we have still scarcely anything col
:five ill last, as to make it necessary to increase that force for a time, .
torrible from the number of about ten or twelve, to some fifty, sup-
worth paining
kf Lord ported for several days by a military force. This had the To-day a few further parcels of Wheat in bond
_changed tlu
sstand-
leer of suppressing for a while the lawless proceedings of hands within the range of Tuesdays currency : for all de-
IS COW'
' exy
countY the Populace, and it was hoped that the police were steadily seriptions of free. however, the demand was only moderate, 3 gai L
ning ground in the estimation even of those who had been
ability'• violently opposed to them ; but it appears that, about three and although holders were firm, higher prices were not ob- !
si
appre' ' weeks since, this opposition was revived with increased tainable.-Foreign Flour, duty paid, was in fair request at ao,
mur- violence, and was shown more openly and boldly from day small decline in value ; while good brands under lock were hal
it bad to day, till at last the rabble p the turn dearer. ,
roceeded, at nights, to the
:y were - breaking of windows, and making some murderous attacks Swift, upon the officers by large volleys of stones, in some cases Grinding Barley was rather more saleable at late prices.-
MI
ent in- from the house-tops. The first party attacked was Mr. Malt, on the contrary, was nearly without inquiry, and some-
!Oth of - Bolton a solicitor, of Colne, whose public conduct, on what cheaper 31s
err re' several, points, had rendered him especially obnoxious to the Beans and Pease remained steady. whi
ractor,
rabble. His official and private efforts against the chartists,
g
ly with his advocacy of the new poor law, and his efforts in the Oats and Oatmeal being almost wholly neglected, were list:
om the establishment of the new police, .were sufficient to mark him easier to purchase, and nominally depressed in value.
stained out as the first object of their vengeance ; and, accordingly, fie
ier web on Tuesday evening they began with demolishing about 14
Orel
xi to a of his windows, and making a dreadful
attack with stones
ARRIVALS
13t OF CORN,
rhood., upon the police, many of whom were severely hurt. Partial From the 11th to the h August, 1840, inclusive. .1.
:abinor disturbances again took place on Wednesday evening ; and DESCRI IRK- COAST- , UNITED re. ! by (
a half' on Thursday evening, about ten o'clock, the town was en- LAN
m PTION.D. WISE. 'STATES. REIGN. I TOTAL'
as i
some' tered by a snob of 200 men, under the command of a leader,
Wheat Qrs. 422 3286 552 8372 12632 thrc
minds, armed with pistols, pikes, bludgeons, and stones, who for Barley Qrs. 349 1807 256
ft said hours had complete and uncontrolled possession of the main Malt Qrs. 2 550 552
ree de- street, where they broke about 200 windows, and committed Oats Qrs. 813 160 ago 2163
rncast, some very severe personal injuries. Commands to fire and Rye Qrs.
,ey bad re-charge were distinctly heard, and have been deposed to: Beans
ronglit A military force was sent for to the barracks at Burnley • Pease' Qrs.
• ' Shelled Barley
tif he but the rabble had made their attack so rapidly, and dispersed Indian Corn . .
he re- so instantly after it, that, when the military arrived, the Rapeseed Qrs.
The/ town was perfectly quiet. Next day a public meeting was Oatmeal .. . . Loads, mat 20 y were advertised to concert measures for the protection of life and Flourl2l
Sacks i2O 20 en lei"', property ; but, when the hour of meeting arrived, the chart- Ditto
the magistrates and respectable inhabitants were obliged to
7rresia;ndPeazi,e6artirss.6;., Indian Corn,
EXPORTS.-Foreign. Wheat, - qrs. ; Barley, - qrs. ; Oats, 99
ved at
.
assemble at the King's Head Inn, where, among other -- qrs. ; Flour,_ 343 brls.--
0 Oats,
eceOP measures for preventing a repetition of the scenes of the Corn, - qrs. • b'at-n)(4rasriaotsa'd:-: VA.; Rye, 3,kqrs.; Indian v
d then preceding night, it was resolved that a deputation, with one wise. Wheat, 126 qrS. • Barley, -dqrs •oltilLc-208acrssl
e the/ 1 of the magistrates, should proceed to Burnley for military qrs. ; Rye, -s. • ' Beans--1 qrs.'. Pea.% e, 2,9 41%. ~a Oat-
, W! i
stateo t assistance. Detachments'
of cavalry and infantry were in- meal, 71 loads; Flour, 85 sacks, 1576 .b'rls.
the
lg tbe, • I stantly despatched, and, by their presence in the town till -__-_______________
Average prices of Grain; for the The
ropto t Sunday morning, secured the peace of the place, and for the week ending Aug. 7. 1840.
Whetit72s 10d. I, Barley.. 3..5. Od. (Oats.. 30s. Od. ; Rye .. 375. 3d.
would I present all is again quiet. We understand there is much
BeRDS...47e. Od. 1 Pease, 4.5 a. ltd. - suPl
red at ,¢ I complaint that the troops should be so soon withdrawn, and --- ' - '
Mi eat.. 70s. 4Adglryarter. arse4rsa. goed. 7foralg..s2ixBsw.
Pede.kr. only
know- ' I the magistrates quite partake in that regret ; but they were
Rye.. 365. Od.
D shot ' t informed, that the orders to officers in command on such Beans .. 465. Od. I Pease .. 455. sd. cash
agrees'
'Les' ' occasions were such as to require the troops to return to
barracks. This seems strange, if it be so ; and probably Wheat loa.
Bd.Duit3yioniFoprieeign Goraatsin, &c.thi4sswgedek;
Rye
1..
6d of fl
ter at , some further inquiry will be made
-into it. In the opinion of .Beans, Is. ad. I PeraseYe2sb.• Od: I IndianVo; .n 10s.. Bd.. I F10ur.... gs.. ad four
our informants there is not a town in England so completely Liverpool Averages, week ending 11th August, 1840. and
under the dominion of mob law, :IS this unfortunate town of Wheat. Barley. 1 Oats. i Beans. i Pease,
Colne ; and the general opinion of the respectable inhabitants Qr 5..... 1670 - 601 75 11 pare,
)Rl'. is, that, in such a reign of terror, the remedy must at least Price" • 725. Od. Os. Od. 275. ltd: 48s. lid. 455. Od.
patia
be a permanent military force in barracks.
--- iriedY
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
mblie
FURTHER RIOTS.-A CONSTABLE MURDERED. - TI
parts' Since the above was in type, we have received some further • FRIDAY, AUGUST 14.-Wind W. Rain.
we on accounts from Colne, from which we learn, that, on Monday Aurrivao.- martin, -, from Trinidad-Europe, Batchelor, still
Ken- bight,' there was a repetition of the lawless scenes which had from Mobile-Autumnus, Nickson, fromMirami In-Wolf, -, try, I
;tocit- previously disgrliced the town, and that they ended in the from Stettin-Cornelia, from
ar Harlingen-TweeAnil
oNaples The
The
:wood murder of Mr. Joseph Halstead, a gentleman who had been
Rik,throomnsAri Antwerp
-Elizabeth
Campbell, from Trinidad', at this por't, sailed 3d July, in .
o the, just before sworn in, and was acting as a special constable. company w' ith the Blundell, for Dublin. Left the Ch&rles llamerton place
my of The statements which have reached us in reference to this loading for this port
paral
roles- matter, are not very explicit ; but so far as we can learn from Broad Oak, M'Coy, from Bahia at this port, sailed 21stJre.HThe
neigh-
them, the following are the leading facts of the case :-At an Resolution and Lady Kinnaird
. were to sail in a fenwedres,seoar
neanmee. alliat
Mr. early hour on. Monday evening, it became known to the po- burgh.
.On the Bth August, in lat. 19, long 20,
York si) IC h
And
man' lice and the magistrates, that the desperadoes who had coin- forj
oVviernea;easan Superior,dNrats
New
w York at this port, sailed :Bth ,
:onsi flitted the outrages on Thursday intended to renew them on July. On the Bth instant Dine,
at lo a.m., spoke the Acadia, (steamer,) tarot
olved that
night, and that assemblages were collecting for that pur- hence for Halifax, in lat '49, long 25. Wind, S. The steamer was quilli
ioneY Pose,„.., a short distance from the town, on the road towards going at the rate of eleven knots an hour
Table avej
ghleY. In consequence of this discovery the magistrates by th
and Issued summonses to a number of the respectable inhabitants City of Perth, -, hence, at Para
chin
dy to of the town, calling them to attend at the King's Head tsitzedrs, Short,•
frfrnomm4t..... (Cuba)oatirNErttemscmth
1„. . . upon .
govei
ds on
,Sul, and lie sworn in as special constables, for the preserve- Hazard, --, hence for Aewfoundlancl, was spoken 31st July,
chich 'lon of the peace. About seventy were accordingly sworn in, in tat so, long 14 " cen
s ap- !Ind with the magistrates and the police (who we believe had Shamrock, -, for Dundee, has put back, with mast carried
icitor been reinforced subsequently to Thursday night, and amount- away. yesterday, in a squall
Irelal
exe- ed to some thirty or forty men), went into the streets for the JuEnteuslnbeitat Moore,o _____virfer Valparaiso, was spoken on the 16th
crow]
toyed Purpose of dispersing the assemblages of people which they Agenora. -1.- Untie for Quebec, was spoken on the 23d luly, Aire !
yOO 'night find there. They paraded several of the streets with- in la 45, long 33 '
ffice ; out meeting with any serious opposition. At length, between Champion, Breame. hence and Genoa, at Constantinople, and Bu
tinie, ten and eleven o'clock, it was announced that a large body of sailed 20th July for Taganrog
nhe People were entering the town from the Keighley road, and Marina, Cock, hence at Constantinople, and sailed 20th July for impu
Odessa
the 1
rea- the magistrates, with the police and constables, moved in that
,hence at ditto
30111- direction to meet them. As soon as they came in sight of the Galata'
--tia dandleiram' -
Ostend
Hug'
were ,Mob, the latter halted for a moment and fired two pistols, Sydney."Covi'•anrasfe, hence at
0 leans off Cove. and proceeded to
, the . whether loaded with ball, or if so, whether directed at the Havre. Jon the 7ihrXumgusetw, passed the Acadia, (steamer,) hence for O'Co
)fee ' constables, could not be ascertained ; but at all events no Halifax; but Captain Cowan omitted to report the Ist and long
long damage was done by the shots. When these pistols were Spencer, hence for Rio Janeiro, was spoken on the 10th August, Lieut
the discharged, the mob set up a loud shout as if about to charge in lat 48, long 9
An
:ow- the constables ; but finding that the latter were advancing ini(lecer‘iv
I,?trior,ttilieene
smalls
Quebec, was spoken 11th August. 46 .
tion
, the upon them, they gave way, and turned down St. John-street .-,
...08NST.ANT.TI'vOPLE, July 22.-An English vessel, coal laden, is Si
and (which runs towards the south side of the town, and is at repoited to be lost on the Borussa side of the Marmora of DE
ade, right angles with the main street), intending, no doubt, to DUNTALM, ISLx 01, SKYE, Aug. 7.-The Methven Castle, from
ri
Ming Pass on the right of the constables, and get into their rear, Stettin to Liverpool, wheat laden, struck on a rock near the Isle of the .
'a of The constables, however, guessing their object, turned down Glass, and it is feared will be a total loss despn
tom. Parliatnent-street, which runs parallel with ; St. John-street
, the and on arriving at a ernec-rnarl .‘,1.;‘.1. c......,,,... ~.r.. ' - rri..- 1

are
this
ting

.—A LE MURDERED.
Since theFURTHER aboveRIOTS was in type CONSTA
we havße received some further
accounts from Coble, from which we learn, that, on Monday
night, there was a repetition of the lawless scenes which had
Previously disgrhced the town, arid that they ended in the
murder of Mr. Joseph Halstead, a gentleman who had been
just before sworn in, arid was acting as a special constable.
The statements which have reached us in reference to this
matter, are not very explicit ; but so far as we can learn from
them, the following arc the leading facts of the case :—At an
earl), hour on Monday evening, it became known to the po-
llee le:end the magistrates, that the desperadoes who had com-
mitted the outrages on Thursday intended to renew them on
nigh
T t, and that assemblages were collecting for that pur-
is'os,e a short distance from the town, on the road towards
,In consequence of this discovery the magistrates
of ued summonses to a number of the respectable inhabitants
te town ll'n u tem attend at the Ki's Head
, ca 6p
"u,h and be sworn in asor spehcialto constables, for theng preserva-
tion of the peace. About seventy were accordingly sworn in,
and with the magistrates and the police (who we believe had
been reinforced subsequently to Thursday night, and amount-
ed to some thirty or forty men), went into the streets for the
Purpose of dispersing the assemblages of people which they
might find there. They paraded several ot the streets with-
out meeting with any serious opposition. At length, between
ten and eleven o'clock, it was announced that a large body of
People were entering the town from the Keighley road, and
the magistrates, with the police and constables, moved in that
direction to meet them. As soon as they came in sight of the
,mob, the latter halted for a moment and tired two pistols,
'whether loaded with ball, or if so, whether directed at the
constables, could not be ascertained ; but at all events no
damage was done by the shots. When these pistols were
discharged, the mob set up a loud shout as if about to charge
the constables ; but finding that the latter were advancing
upon them, they gave way, and turned down St. John-street
lwhich runs towards the south side of the town, and is at
right angles with the main street), intending, no doubt, to
pass on the right of the constables, and get into their rear.
The constables, however, guessing their object, turned down
Parliament-street, which runs parallel with St. John-street ;
and on arriving at a cross-road which forms a communica-
tion between the two, they encountered the mob, who imme-
diately attacked them, and a sharp conflict ensued, the result
of which was, that the mob were routed and driven off the
ground, leaving two or three prisoners in the hands of the
Police. After they were gone, the police and constables pa-
trolled the streets about ; and at a short distance from the
Spot where the principal encounter had taken place, they
found one of the special constables, Mr. Joseph Halstead, a
respectable manufacturer of Collie, lying on the ground, with
his skull fractured in a most dreadful manner, having appar-
ently been struck a terrific blow with an iron bar, or some
other weapon of the same kind, by which the fore part of the
skull had been completely driven in. and his face so fright-
fully disfigured, that it was with great difficulty he was recog-
nised. lie was alive when discovered, but perfectly insensi-
ble, and breathed his last in a few minutes afterwards. Ano-
ther constable, too, Mr. Templeman, manager of the Collie
branch of the Craven bank, was found to have received a
desperate cut on the back of the head, apparently inflicted
with a sword, or some other cutting instrument. A sergeant
of the police also received a severe stab in the shoulder dur-
ing the affray ; but it is hoped that neither he nor Mr. Tem-
pleman is in any serious danger.
We have been informed that the circumstances under which
Mr. Halstead and Mr. Templeman received their wounds
were the following s—" They, with three or four other con-
stables, had gone towards the south side of the town, and,
Without knowing what was going on, turned up one of the
streets leading towards the place where the conflict was going
on between the constables and the mob. When the latter
gave way they encountered these gentlemen, whom they
attacked on all sides, with the results which we have already
Mentioned.

in 3
ty,
on
nd

As soon as the shocking murder of Mr. Halstead was made
known to the magistrates, they set on foot the most active
inquiries for the purpose of detecting and apprehending the
murderers ; and, some information having been procured,
warrants were immediately issued, and several individuals
were apprehended during the night ; one of them, a well-
known
chartist, was taken in the act of trying to conceal a
musket by thrusting it through a sky-light upon the roof of
his house ; and on examining him, his shirt was found marked
with recent splashes of blood.
As soon as the disturbances commenced, a messenger was
despatched to Burnley for the military, and a troop of dra-
Vous were called out'and galloped off to Colne immediately.
They were, however, as before, too late to be of any sereice,
"'I we believe they shortly afterwards returned.
When the last accounts left Colne the town was quiet, and
the most active inquiries were making, with the view of de-
coting and bringing to justice the parties who had been
ncerned in the riots.

MISCELLANEOUS

It is reported that Durrow Castle, late the residence of
Lord Norbury, has been taken by the Jesuits.—Limerick
Chronicle.

The Earl of Shrewsbury had 100 beds made up for the
visiters at Alton Towers on the occasion of the Queen Dow-
ager's visit.— Worcester Chronicle.

The Journal du Havre of the 7th instant, states, that or-
ders had been given to fit out the new ship Friedland, of 120
guns, and frigates the Reine Blanche and the Calypso, of 60
guns each. A levy of 2000 seamen had just been ordered in
the first maritime division. At Brest there were two ships
of war ready to be launched.

The right hon. Sir Robert, with Lady Peel and family,
arrived at the 'White Lion hotel, in this city, on Thursday,
from Bath. Sir Robert was waited upon yesterday by the
mayor, who conducted him over some of the principal build-
ings. The visit of this distinguished statesman was very
brief, he having returned to Bath the day after his arrival.—
Bristol Mirror.

A countryman of O'Connell's states that his breakfast
after a morning's hunt, up the mountains of Iveragh, at the
house of one Mr. 8., who resides at the head of Waterville
Lake, was—first, a large bowl of new milk, which instantly
disappeared ; then, a liberal allowance of cold salmon, soaked
in vinegar—a very common dish ;of this he ate heartily ;
after which he finished a bottle of port wine, took leave of
his entertainers, and set off to walk six miles to his home.
" Duro ilia messorum !" We always knew Dan had the
hide of a rhinoceros, but never before that his digestion was
equal to that of the beast. He approaches the perfection of
disgust in and out.—Waterford Mail.

„The Debals says, ” We will acknowledge that, if there be
ioPoPular reminiscence in France, it is that of the great cap-
-li,h name is associated with
it ouis tmilr iemimperialortal vicfamily.;
tomb tories
if there be a for e son of Napoleon, in dying, carried with him to the
,
the remnant of interest which was attached to the
dof the Emperor. France has pardoned in the Empe-
tl (4ilr the insupportable harshness of his domestic government,
18.,,iinheard-of rigours of the conscription, the disasters of
144 and 1813, and the evils caused by his unbounded am-
-40, leand in the popular mind the hero has been almost
11,7 The image of Napoleon is everywhere, from the
is ttage to tile public monuments, but Bonapartism
tho„ extinct even the eclat of the glory of the Emperor crushes
Where ridiculously ridiculously attempt to cover themselves with it.
the croel was M. Louis Bonaparte arrested ? At the foot of
tism to expire
army iiLlan of Boulogne—of the column raised by the grand
honour of its chief ! It was reserved for Bonapar-
on that spot."

How WAS THE NEWARK ELECTION CARRIED ?..,7-By
hocussing electors, and carrying them off, while insensible,
to distant places. This is the answer; this is the mode in
which tile solicitor-general fulfilled Lord Melbourne's repute 4
instructions—" Say what you like, do what you like, only carry
your election." And they did win it ; and Sir Thos. Wilde
is her Majesty's solicitor-general, and a member of parlia-
ment ; while Sir Thomas Wilde's confidential agent, Mr.
Hitchens, is imprisoned in Nottingham Gaol for six months;
two others, Pearce and Milford, for three months ; and a
third, Morton, for a fortnight ! Such is the result of the
trial at Nottingham, on Monday last. We shall be curious
to hear something of the prison treatment of this Hitchins,
" a respectable professional man," and the procurer of Sir
Thos. Wilde's return. Remember, the (crime for which he
has been sentenced has the moral turpitude of risking the life
of an innocent man by poison for a corrupt purpose—namely,
to prevent his voting against the whig candidate ! Thus was
the Newark election carried.—Manchester Chronicle.
THE MAN AND THE MOON.—During the wane of the
last moon, Johnny Prost, of Sandal, went toddling home,
about two o'clock in the morning, somewhat giddy in the
upper story. Tibby, his better half, of course, had retired
to roost; Johnny, not being pleased with that, sat down
before tile fire in a pet, and fell fast asleep. in about an
hour's time he awoke, and found himself all in the dark,
except a small speck of light, which he took to be the remains
of the once bright fire. After feeling about a short time,
he found the bellows, the pipe of which he put into the key-
hole of the door, taking it for the firegrate, and oommenced
blowing with all his might. Tibby, on hearing a strange
noise, hastened down stairs to see what was amiss, and on
seeing her husband behind the" door, exclaimed, " Johnny,
, woti
blawin
rt,
tie up, t
istar do n? Wha, responded Johnny, " A'm
a be
"
sure, can't to see? " Wha wot a
stupid ninny hammer tha is, it's nowt but t'shadda at
emoonin thar blawin at ! Gie owrd and cum to bed witha."
Newcastle paper.
