THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

forks for their arms, and their native rags floating as the
ensigns of beggary and liberty.
On .that occasion Lard BROUGHAM contended with
Mr. BEGGAR O'CONNELL in his abuse of America. The
lord played off his pothouse slang
.in brilliant, style, but
the beggar, in superfluity of blackguardism, flairly beat
the peer. The news of this. display was rapidly enough
reported to the good citizens of the " city of New York,"
and mighty' indignant they were thereat. A paper
called the New York Enquirer, and a tremendous sheet
it is, has taken the liberty of rubbing down the charac-
ters of the two speakers in rather a powerful and per-
sonal way. We give a large part of the article to show
in what estimation Lord BROUGHAM, mad this fellow
O'CONNELL, are held by the "regular" Yankee of New
England. ft is a slashing piece of invective that merits
a cool perusal. Here it is:— •

The two great punches at the puppet show at Exeter-ball, it
will be seen, were Lord Brougham and Daniel O'Connell. His
lordship being, by some oversight in policy, or the momentary
abeyauce of that sleepless instinct which has hitherto enabled
him to anticipate the strongest side, thrown out of office, and
being, we presume, in want of some other excitement than that
of the bottle, has lately taken up the thriving trade of negro
philanthropy. Despairing, it would seem, of rig on the
shoulders of his white countrymen, he has mounted the blacki
for the purpose of riding into glory, or office; and there is rea-
son to hope that honest John Bull will, through the magic of his
eloquence, become io tickled with the notion that the blacks of
the United States are so much greater slaves than himself, that
he will actually wax happy in the comparison, and exalt his
lordship exceedingly, in pure gratitude for having wrought this
consoling conviction.
We would ask if there is anything in the character of Lord
Brougham calculated to give his efforts in this or any other
cause connected with the general happiness of mankind the
stamp of sincerity ? Is he not the slave of a corrupt and selfish
ambition ? Is he not a hard drinker and a, glutton ? Is he not
a brawling declaimer, ever induling the deep malignity of his
heart in wounding the feelings of his opponents in debate and
in vrrifing,without the least regard to the decorum of a gentle-
man, or the restraints of honourable rivalry ?. •la he not a'
rampant office seeker, who has repeatedly violated his word and
his principles and sold his conscience to the highest bidder
whenever there was any body to bid for hiin ? Did he not, on
one occasion, publicly declare in parliament that he would not
take office, and within three days after accept the station of
Lord Chancellor of England? In short, is he not Universally
known as a harsh, dogmatical, overbearing tyrant to all those
whom be dares to insult or oppress, or barrass with his venomous
powers of aroganee ?

We would ask if such a man, so devotrql to selfili ambition,
so reckless of his public professions, so uttorly regardless of the
feelings of his fellow men, can be supposed sincere in his devo-
tion to the welfare of mankind? In our opinion, the course he
has lately pursued and is now pursuing is at war with the
remotest sanction of sincerity. It belies his history and his
character, and is masked by all the featuresof selfish hypocrisy,
seeking honours and rewards, under the cloak of philanthropy.
When such a man expresses his " horror and disgust at the con-
tinuance of slavery in the United States," he is not thinking of
the negro, but of himself. He is inflating his imagination with
the idea that he will one day take his station among the bene-
factors of the human race, and pampering his gnawing and
hungry appetite for notoriety with the agreeable anticipation
that he will be rewarded even in this world, after the manner of
worldly men, by the providential dispensation of the woolsack.

Let us now analyze the claim of Daniel O'Connell to the cha-
racter of a philanthropist. Hitherto, indeed, Mr. O'Connell
has held no office except that delegated to him by the gratitude
of his countrymen. Whether this be owing to his never having
been tempted, or to his having resisted temptation, may be a
subject of doubt,. when we look back and see how one after
another the champions of Ireland have sold themselves and
their country whenever they became worth the purchase of a
peerage or a sinecure. Of this class ;of brawling demagogues
it may truly be said—
He alone wont betray in whom none will confide,
And the patriot is true who has never been tried.

Of the disinterestedness of Mr. O'Connell there is, however,
proof on record. He is a patriot—by subscription. While
filling the world and the newspapers with high wrought pictures
of the poverty and miseries of his countrymen, and painting
them as on the very verge of starvation—nay, actually starvinr,
—he consents to receive and pocket the subscriptions of these
his suffering countrymen, acid to revel in the spoils of their in-
dustry. Thousands, yea, tens of thousands of pounds have been
contributed in this manner, for the purpose of animating this
stern inflexible patriot, and clothing his thread-bare patriotism
in purple and fine linen. We ask, would any true lover of
his country, any man who•viewed the condition of his poor coun-
trymen, and sympathized in their-abject misery—we ask would
such a man be 'guilty of the sordid, the indescribable meanness
of acCeptirig-cliitriioi pocketing rewards, from the Waning'
beggars he describes? If he was so poor as to require alms
from paupers, we might have pardoned him for selling himself
to the rich toriei of England, but for thus making money ont o
the gratitude of his wretched countrymen, and selling them his
patriotism; for hawking and huckstering it through Ireland to
gain a fund by penny subscriptions, we cannot pardon him, even
though he should reject the bribes of an English ministry—
before they were offered.
. . . .

Here are some characteristics which are incompatible with a pure
and enlarged philanthropy, and cannot mingle with its genuine
ingredients. It is impossible to unite with the love of our coun-
trymen, or of mankind in general, a desire to pick their pockets,
or to accept even voluntarily of what we know they can but
ill spare. Such a grovelling and interested trait cannot mingle
harmoniously with the high and disinterested dignity of pure
philanthropy. They can no more exist in the same bosom than
snakes can exist in Ireland, where all the poison seems concen-
trated on the tongue of the great liberator. Nothing but a
bilious venom seems to circulate in his veins. He abuses his
opponents with a rank luxuriance of epithet that could only
have originated in the fertile bogs of Ireland.
This is tolerably strong, and bitterly true as concerns
the Irish beggar, but we are more inclined to think Lord
BROUGHAM a weak, vain, and intemperate man than a
hypocrite with a malicious spirit. At any rate we have
nothing to do with the sketch. We do not even concur
in its sentiments; but still it is pleasant to hear what the
friends of liberty in the new world think of its champions
in the old. It is also delightful to remark, that the. cha-
racter of O'CONNELL is extremely well understood in the
United States of America.

LONDON LATEST NEWS.

City, Wednesday Evening, Half- past Seven o'clock.

Things wear a gloomy aspect here, and our public se-
curities are on the decline. The Chancellor of the Ex-
chequer's miserable budget I►as been a subject of uninin-
gled derision, even among his own party, who, from the
length of time the mountain was iu labour, expected
something more than the miserable abortion Mr. Spring
Rice has produced. Consols have declined to 89k, and
the omnium to 21 premium, at which the market closed
heavily this afternoon. Exchequer Bills are at 19, and
India Bonds at sto 7. Money is by no means easy here,
nor are discounts with facility effected unless for
.very
good paper. In our foreign market Spanish securities
have given way very considerably; the prices of the
Bonds being at 431, 4, and of the Scrip 16t- discount.
The state of this unhappy country, the gove.rnment do
facto of which is nursed with whig support, gives little
hope that its financial obligations will bear an improved
appearance ; in' truth the only wonder is to find that any
person can be found foolish enough to buy them at any
price. Portuguese Bonds are at 87i ; ColoMbian and
Mexican Bonds have both seceded, the former being at
.311 321, and the latter at 34 35. , One of those every-
' day occurrences—a revolution—has occurred in one of
the divisions. of tl►e former republic—Venezuela, the
President having been shipped off without any retiring
pension, and with little more notice than his Majesty
gave the first Melbourne administration; and one Paez,
whose name has figured in the cut-throat annals of the
former revolution, and who has already been President
for the time limited by the constitution, (as the farce is
termed,) has, like Alderman Wood, and his equally re-
spectable prototype, Sir John Key, been
.a second time
borne into office by the unsavoury shoutings of their
office. Brazilian Bonds are 86, 87.

The receipts for the Scrip of the new loan were issued
at the Bank yesterday.
We have accounts from Callao of the 21st March, the
tenor of which is similar to that we generally receive
from that ill-fated and misgoverned portion of the world.
It appears that captain Parker, commanding the schooner
which had carried away Gen. Neito, by the orders of Sa-
loverey, the usurping president, on the night of the last
revolution of Feb. 22d, bad put to death the two officers
escorting the general; and, carrying him into Parfon,
had effected a revolution in his favour. there, and it was
expected would return with several vessels of War and
troops to blotkade•Callao. All vessels had, in conse-
quenee; been forbidden to leave Callao for ten days,
at
least, from the date of these advices, and it was probable
itiontl}o dotdatrion- would take place. In addition to this

the president .Obregoso was daily expected with his
troops, When a decisive-action waslooked for. .obregosb
was•said to be popular With the civil authorities and with
the mass of the people, white Salaverev was dePerident
upon a ragged set of undisciplined troops whom he was
endeavouring to clothe and organise by heavy exactions,
on the people.- Such was his rapacity, that in one day
he demanded and obtained one hundred thousand dol-
lars, from ten of the principal inhabitants of Lima.
Trade, as may be expected, was annihilated. The fol-
lowing was posted at Lloyd's this afternoon :
Extract of a letter from the agent at Veniee; dated 10th
of August :—" The British Vice-Consul at Venice has
just received official information from the health officer,
to the effect that the precautionary quarantine of seven
days, hitherto performed by all vessels arriving at Venice
from European ports beyond the straits of Gibraltar, is
taken off; consequently they will be admitted to pratique,
unless when particular circumstances, render sanatary
precautions necessary."
In consequence of the appearance of the cholera at
Nice and Villa Franca, vessels from the coast of Piedmont
and Genoa are subject to a quarantine of seven to ten
days, discharging susceptible goods in the lazaretta.
