THEREFORE LET THEM BE READY.

A meeting of the reformers, that is, of the tag, rag,
and bob-tail of Liverpool, was held on Wednesday last
in Clayton-square, for the alleged purpose of "address-

ing the Queen ; to express their admiration of Her
Majesty's firm and decided conduct during the recent
ministerial negociations, and to thank Her 'Majesty for

;he many proofs which she has given of her attachment

to liberal principles." Though this Was the ostensible
object of the meeting, the real objects were, to abuse
Sir Robert Peel and his conservative friends—to prop
up a degraded and self-condemned administration—and
to spout treason under the mask of loyalty.
The meeting was very thinly and shabbily attended.

It was altogether one of the most sorry and contemp-

tible affairs that was ever witnessed. The audience
was composed of a motley group of idle cabmen, Irish
hodmen, butchers' boys, with a sprinkling of porters
and clerks, who were favoured with a half-holiday by

their radical employers, in order to swell 'the numbers
at the meeting. The few gentlemen, who either
rn4acci-
dentally or intentionally to into the square while the
liberal spouters were instilli their poisonous doctrines

into the ears of the "great unshaved," as soon as they
discovered the sort of company to which chance or
curiosity had led them, skulked away as if afraid of
being recognized.
As an exhibition of popular feeling, the preposter-
ously absurd farce enacted in Clayton-square was a
signal and miserable failure. Independently of the
character and appearance of the audience, the numerical
importance of the meeting was absolutely beneath con-

tempt. The most extravagant arithmetic could not
swell the numbers present to more than three thousand.
For ourselves, we do not believe that there were even

two thousand present. And yet the lying faction and
their mendacious organi will boast of this meeting as
"an expression of the public opinion of the people of
Liverpool I" The two thousand greasy vagabonds who
assembled on the occasion will be said to represent the
feelings of a population of upwards of two hundred
thousand ! Is it possible for the "power of impudence"
to go any further ? .
But if the assemblage in the area of the square was
contemptible, the knot of agitators in the balcony of
the Bull Inn was still more contemptible—we do not
mean as to personal appearance, for all of them, with
the exception of the Colonel of white duck breeches
celebrity, were decently clad—but contemptible as to
their intellectual qualifications. On this point we need
not say any more than that Mr. James Brancker was
deemed the fittest person of all the batch to occupy the
office of chairman. This is the gentleman who, as
some of our readers may recollect, most classically and
eruditely derived the name of our " Good old town"
from two Latin words, liber andpais—and who boasted
that if he were made Mayor of Liverpool, he would ex-
emplify his attachment to the levelling principle, by
taking his seat as chief magistrate in a sugar-baker's
flannel jacket !
But if the audience and speakers at the Clayton
Square gathering were eontemptible, the speeches were,
if possible, still more so: The frothy nonsense of the
pragmatical chairman was beneath criticism. The
shallow and common-place remarks of Mr. W. W.
Currie were little better. This gentleman, however,
let drop a few remarks, unwittingly we suppose, which
threw some light on this movement of the radicals. He
said that "he trusted they were not so imprudent as
not to take advantage of the godsend which had been
sent to them." If we do not greatly mistake the base
radical trick thus called a godsend, will prove a source
of worse luck than Mr. Currie anticipates.
There is one passage in Mr. Currie's speech which,
coming from a professed liberal, savours somewhat
very strongly of ultra-tory absolutism. He said that
he was gratified to perceive, from the expressions of re-
gret which were uttered by her Majesty on parting with
her "present" ministers, "that so long as it pleased
God to keep her present Majesty on the throne of these
realms, it was absolutely impossible that any thing but a
liberal administration could go forward. Bravo Mr,
Radical Currie ! Because the Queen wills it, the liber-
als must be kept in office in srite of the Lords, in spite
of the Commons, and in srite of the people of Great
Britain ! Let us have a dissolution of parliament, and
then we shall see whether it be "impossible for any
thing but a liberal administration to go forward." How
would matters stand with a majority of one hundred in
favour of Sir Robert Peel ? Would not your "impos-
sibilities" he then blown to the winds ?

Our old friend Joshua, who acted as fugleman to
the meeting, followed Mr. Currie in a rambling, inco-
herent strain. He said much about protecting the
Queen from Tory insults. Why did he not allude to
the flagrant insult offered to her modest feelings in the
case of Lady Flora Hastings ? Why did he not de-
nounce the prurient slanderers who are now about the
Queen ? Was not the meeting in Clayton-square ex-
pressly got up for the purpose of defending those who
have so giossly insulted the Queen as to call forth a
universal shout of reprobation from one end of the
kingdom to the other ?

The " ould Colonel" next edified the blatant au-
dience in a speech not legs remarkable for its violence
and intemperate language, than for the singular beauty
of its imagery. Amongst other delectable specimens
we find the following :

" The Tamworth Baronet,—he had been in the habit of
hearing him addressed by that denomination, and a crafty
spirit he was—what was his object ?—like a great snake,—
like a boa constrictor, he wished to wind his folds about her ;
he wished then to have covered her over with slime, and to
have destroyed her, that she might prepare the way for the
succession of the grand Orange King Ernest of Hanover.
That was his object."

First of all Sir Robert Peel is a baronet—then a
crafty spirit—and last of all a great snake, like a boa
constrictor, ready to gulp down the Queen. "that she
might prepare the way .for the succession of the grand
Orange King Ernest." Does the worthy Colonel
mean to say that Sir Robert is going to swallow the
King. of Hanover after the Queen ?
Of the small fry who followed the Colonel we shall
take no notice. This deep-laid radical scheme to get
up " a new agitation" will recoil upon the heads of
the plotters themselves. The people of England will
no longer suffer themselves to be made the dupes of so
despicable a faction as that by which the Queen is at
present enthralled.

LLANELLY RAILWAY.—This line will be opened from
Llannelly up to Llandibie, 16 miles, by July Ist, and the
mineral produce abounding in this district will be brought
down to the harbour in great quantities. Two splendid loco-
motives, by Hackworth, of 6 wheels each of 4 feet diameter
and all 6 coupled, with 15-inch cylinders, and each engine
weighing 11 tons, will be launched by the opening,--Merthyr
Guardian.

GREAT PRO.T.ESTANT MEETING AT
NORTHWICIL

On Wednesday last one of the most numerous, respectable,
and influential meetings ever held in Cheshire, took plaec at
the National School, Northwich, for the purpose of consider-
ing the alarming progress of Popery in these realms, and of
adopting means to counteract its baneful influence.
By the time appointed for the commencement of the pro-
ceedings, (half-past twelve o'clock,) the room, which will ac-
commodate about five hundred persons, became crowded in
every part of the house by an assemblage of the most influential
Protestant gentry and clergy, and the post respectable in-
habitants of the town and a wide circuit around it,—including
a large number of ladies, and not a few strangers, clergymen,
and others, friendly to the cause, from distant parts of the
country, as well as from this town and other parts of Lan-
cashire. Amongst the clergy present were the following :
The Revs. Hugh M'Neile, of. Liverpool; T. Nolan, of Stock-
port ; Daniel Vatidrey arid William Caidale, of Northwith ;
J. Davies, of Runcorn ; R. Twiddle • W. C. Dudley, of
Wharton ; C, N. Pratt, of Middlewich'; J. S. Newman, of
Winnington ; R. Martindale, of Sandbach ; G. Legard, of
Great Budworth ; W. Whiteley, of Catsclough ;- James
Power, of Padgate, Henry Leigh, of High Leigh. Amongst
the gentry we noticed Peter Longford Brooke, Esq., of Mere,
near Knutsford •, John Clare, Esq., of Warrington ; William
Worthington, Esq., of Leftwich; Thomas J. B. Hoskins,
Esq. of Winnington ; Thomas Wakefield, Esq.; of Mostock ;
William Gregory, Esq., of Witton ; Benjamin Llewellyn
Vandrey, Esq., of Middlewich ; Richard Ansdell, Esq., of
Winnington, and many others whose names we did not learn.
The Rev. Mr. VAUDREY proposed to the meeting that
Peter Longford Brooke, Esq., (the Mayor,) should take the
chair. (Cheers.) The proposition was unanimously agreed
to.
The CHAIRMAN said, that the compliment of selecting him
to preside over so respectable a meeting, imposed upon him
an arduous duty ; but a conviction that the time had'arri-
ved when every man should contribute.his services, however
humble, to forward the object which had that day tailed them
together, induced him to comply with the request just ex-
pressed. The cause they espoused was a truly religious
one •, and it became them, therefore, to invoke the blessing
of Almighty Godupon their efforts to promote it. He called
upon the Rev. Mr. Vaudrey to commence the proceedings by
prayer.
The rev. gentleman complied in an appropriate and fervent
prayer, in which all present devoutly joined.
The CHAIRMAN said, thn,t the objects of the meeting
would be best defined in the language of the petition, which
would be proposed to them for adoption ; and which' was as
follows

PETITION.
" Tliat your petniouers as t,uristians and Englishmen, are
fully persuaded that the blessings of civil and religious liberty,
cannot be preserved in any country, where the subjects of the
Papal Court enjoy political power. That this conviction has
been painfully strengthened by the events of the last ten years
in this kingdom, especially by the flagrant and repeated
breaches of the solemn obligation, an oath, under the protec-
tion of which, members of the Church of. Rome were ad-
mitted into the Legislature of Great Britain. Your petitioners
therefore pray your honourable Hou'Se, not to make any fur=
ther grants of public money in support of the Romish College
of Maynooth, in Ireland, and further (without which all
minor measures must prove of no avail) to repeal the Bill
passed in the year 1829, commonly called the Roman Catholic
Emancipation Bill." (Cheers.)
The Rev. Mr. NEWMAN, in coming forward to move the
first resolution, said, that his clerical brethren, as well as those
friends assembled there that day; would give him credit for
his sincerity when he declared that he felt considerable diffi-
dence and embarrassment in approaching the subject before
them. The petition they had just heard read was one of a
most important nature to all true Protestants, and he trusted
it would be numerously signed. Objections had been made,
but he conceived groundlessly, to such meetings as these,
the objects of which, it was assumed, might be otherwise at-
tained. In the first place they were said to be new, and to
involve a deviation from the accustomed path in which they
were wont to tread. But the circumstances under which
they were placed demanded new and unwonted exertions on
their part. It became them not to slumber and sleep while
the enemy was at their threshold ; but to shake off this
lethargy and take possession of the vantage ground, so that
they might firmly establish, before it was too late, the bless-
ings that flowed from the church of England and of Ireland.
They had arrived at a crisis when it behoved theth to stand
up in firm phalanx, like Christian men in defence of their
revered religion. They had had a charter of religious free-
dom and truth handed down to them, and were they, he
would ask, to abandon it, or to rally round it, and hand it
down to their children pure and unimpaired. (Cheers.) He
could not, indeed, contemplate the subject without an almost
overwhelming sense of its importance, and his inability to
bring it before them in adequate terms. There was one sen-
tence in the writings of a distinguished and amiable female
essayist which he considered peculiarly applicable to the po-
sition in which they thenjound themselves. He alluded to
Mrs. Hannah More, who7Bad said, with reference to human

life, that " there were great things which we thought we
could not do, and great things which we neglected to do ; and
the consequence often was that we accomplished nothing at
all. But if every man would do all he could towards the ob-
ject they have in view, the Sum total would amount to the
accomplishment of their wishes. Matters that were unpro-
mising at first, from their apparent minuteness' gathered
strength and effect when united and carried out. The tra-
veller who discovered the sources of the Nile, was mo-
mentarily impressed with a sense of the insignificance of the
stream at its origin ; but when he contemplated its increase
and spread below, and the treasures which its fertilizing pro-
perties spread over the valley of Egypt, he naturally became
impressed with a feeling of gratitude and awe in regarding so
bountiful a gift of the Creator. By unison and energy of ac-
tion the cause, though originating that day in a simple rill,
would swell out and increase, and fertilize the soil of Chris-
tendom. (Cheers.) They must awaken to a sense of the
dangers that surrounded them. They must unite, and they
would send forth a voice expressive of the inroads made upon
the religion of their fathers that would be irresistible. (Hear.)
No matter what line of conduct this ministry or that might
pursue, they must be Protestants still. The evil genius of
popery, in place of being vanquished and suppressed, would
if they were not on the alert, yet raise its hideous head, and
even now swayed to a great extent the destinies of this
country. It was for them to hew, out of the quarry of scrip-
ture, the materials with which to raise a fabric that would
withstand all assaults of their opponents, whose system was
at once demoralizing, soul-destroying, and idolatrous. Let
those who heard him remember that even if the scale prepon-
derated in the minds of men in behalf of their religion so far
as principle was concerned, the energy and malignant activity,
employed by their antagonists would„ if they were not on the
alert, turn the beam even bn the worst side. (Hear.) Such
was the relative position of themselves and the Roman Ca-
tholics. After the reformation it was hoped that popery
would be put down, or at least not suffered to increase. Con-
cessions had, however, been made to propitiate it ; and each
concession -had but been employed as a ground for further
claims. The recent attacks d popery were against the
Church of Ireland, in which the Church of England was alike
involved. It was well that they began to see that concession
and compromise would no longer be available, and that they
must resort to resistance. They need not despair of success,
because they had hitherto by their remissness given advan-
tage to their enemy. The language of the Athenian orator
when he was told in desponding language of the contemplated
attack by Philip, which the narrators found they could not
repel, was applicable to the protestants of England. Demos-
thenes said why do you fear Philip ? He has gained much
by what you have conceded, not what he has himself achieved.
This consideration while it weakens him, ought to strengthen
you in opposing him. It was your indolence and apathy that
enabled him to attain his present position. Had you con-
tended with him every step of his progress, you might, indeed,
have desponded ; but the fact that you have suffered him to
go on without hindrance, and have tolerated his advances, in
place of throwing out those energies, which you have yet in
store, to restrain him,—ought now to stimulate and encou-
rage you to oppose him manfully, and doubtless, successfully.
(Cheers.) Their condition was like that of the Athenians.
They had been slumbering at their posts, but now they were
awake to a sense of their folly and the peril that surrounded
them. The enemy could not resist their united efforts.
They had a gallant captain to lead them on. (Cheers.)
They had a devoted clergy in the van, whose exertions in the
pulpit were enhanced by their domiciliary visits even to the
humblest cottages in their parishes, where they were always
hailed with a kindly welcome. (Loud cheers.) Let them
exert not only their personal influence, but offer up their
prayers in this sacred cause. Let them endeavour to banish
all strange and delusive doctrines. Let truth be placed side
by side with fallacy and error, and he dreaded not the result.
(Hear, hear.) For a blessing would tall on the righteous
cause, and the light of a pure and undefiled gospel would
illumine the land, which would be restored to that holy
influence, and that contentment and peace which no so-
phistry, no false doctrines could undermine, no evil ma-
chinations could defeat. (Cheers.) They had met to pe-
tition not only that the grant to' Maynooth College should
be discontinued, but that that suicidal measure, " the Ca-
tholic Emancipation Bill," shituld be repealed. And as
there were doubtless some individuals in the room who were
strangers to the manner in which Maynooth had gained and
retained government support, he should give a few details of
its objects and constitution. He regretted to say, that even
Mr. Pitt's name came down to them with the stain of hav-
ing yielded assent to the grant to this college. The object
of that grant was to counteract the influence of the foreign
education of the Catholic priesthood of Ireland ; and also to
avoid the inculcation of the revolutionary principles that had
then broken out in France. To accede to the support of a
popish establishment, even for these purposes, was a devia-
tion from sound Protestant principle. It was acceding to an
evil in order (vain expectation !) to produce a good. , Forty
years had elapsed. and' they now could judge of what had
been the result in Ireland. It was such a result, indeed, as
true-hearted Irishmen blushed to contemplate. Politicians
assigned various causes for the miseries and demoralization
of Ireland; but the real, the predominant cause was popery.
(Cheers.) He did not speak this in a spirit of uncharitable-
ness. On the contrary, he and those on that platform who
acted with him, had a kindly feeling towards the Irish people,
and prayed that God would lead them to the paths of plea-
santness and peace. He was himself an Irishman, and he
would say of the Irish that no people were naturally more
hospitable, kind, and generous—none more capable of enjoy-
ing and developing the best affections and feelings of human
nature. (Cheers.) It was, therefore, with the greater pain
that he beheld them the victims of a false, an impure, and a
demoralizing system of theology. All, however, which he,
and those who acted with him, required, was a candid and
fair enquiry into the respective doctrines of the Church of
England and the Church of Rome. It was easy for their
opponents to say that they were in the right, and that the
Protestants were wrong. But they gave no reason for such
an assertion. They had utterly failed to confute the oft
repeated arguments of Mr. M'Ghee, Mr. M'Neile, and other
able champions of the Protestant cause. The principles dis-
seminated in the Catholic class-books were abhorrent to
reason and to true religion. The abominations in Den's
System of Theology remained yet unrescinded, and a large
portion of the worship of the deluded Catholics was con-
ducted in an unknown tongue, which the greater portion
of them could not read, and did not understand. To the
college of Maynooth, which disseminated these odious
principles, a large grant of public money was annually
devoted. The first demand for this purpose was so small
that it was thought not worth while to refuse it. In 1793,
the college was incorporated ; in 1795 the grant received
the royal assent, though the parties interested in the establish-
ment had ample means of their own. Yet up to 1827 they had
not contributed one single donation towards it ! The govern-
ment had given to this summary of Popery " a local habita-
tinn and name ;" and it now received an annual grant of
£9OOO a-year out of the public funds ! (Cries of shame.)
The rev. gentleman next explained the nature of the Dun-
boyne establishment, supported by a bequest from a lord of
that name ; but the objects of which were also perverted.
Thus were these institutions basking under the sunshine of
protestant support. The doctrines taught were most per-
nicious. The very oath, indeed, of a Roman Catholic,
amounted in such matters, to a species of perjury ; for the
standard of their morality was 'not truth, but was dictated
by the bearing of such oath on the Church of Rome. Their
doctrines went to the excommunication of princes. so that
they forfeited all allegiance from their subjects ; and next,
that they should not keep faith with heretics, whom they went
the length of saying should be punished with death. They
entertained by the direction of the propaganda of Rome, the
opinions of Saint Augustine, as interpreted by Thos. Aqui-
uus—that heretics should be handed over to the civil power—
that meant to the final punishment of the law. The same
pernicious principles were instilled into the minds of their
young ecclesiastics, who were taught that their church was
infallible. What the protestants wanted was to place the
doctrines of both churches in juxta-position, so that the
people might judge for themselves. They wished to institute
a spirit of fair inquiry. The rev. gentleman, in further

alluding to Maynooth College, that the original object for
which the grant was given had been wofully perverted ; that
the influence of foreign education was still predominant
amongst the Catholic students of divinity, that the control
of governinent trustees over the establishment was done
awdy with, and that the college could not be regarded as
other than a seminary of sedition and intolerance. Many
of the priests, too, were educated in Rome, where they were
patronised by the Pope, and this was a stream of Poison
poured over the land wherever they went. He neat alluded
to the tyrannical power exercised by the priests—from the
Pope to the lowest ecclesiastic. They maintained, an irn,
perium in imperio, and so far from owning a hearty alle-
giance to England, the Pope was informed of every political
movement that took place, so that they might order their
plans in security. If, however, the Protestants acted boldly
together, they would eventually destroy the citadel of religi-
ous corruption. They must be wise in time, and all would
go on successfully. (Cheers.) In illustration of the bane-
ful influence of Popery, they need but to look to Ireland.
'Why were not the abundant resources, and the industry of
that fine country deVeloped like those of England? Why
were the energies of her people paralyzed? Why were they
involved in continual misery, want, and deniiidation ? The
reply was—these evils arose principally, if not wholly, from
the operation and effects of Popery. He referred to that
country generally. If they looked to the north of Ireland,
where the cheering beams of Protestantism had penetrated the
nests of ignorance and bigotry, they found a more gratifying
Picture--a picture of growing wealth, peace, and contentment.
opery, like the poisonnus breath of the wind of the Indian
desert, blighted and wilhettO up all that it touched. He did
not say this in any feeling of unkindraSS to the Irish people:
he uttered it in the spirit of compassion and regiet. All he,
in common with those around him, desired was, that foe
people should calmly inquire into this matter; and he had
no apprehension for the result. The charges he made against
the Roman Catholic religion were grave, but they were irre-
futable. They (the Catholics) talked of charity, but they
did not exemplify such a virtue in the services of their reli-
gion. The Protestant church delighted not in a com-
promis€ of principles, but in the support and furtherance of
virtue and of truth. (Loud cheers.) He concluded by
moving—" That a petition (a draft of which was read by
the chairman) be adopted by the meeting, and eirCulated for
signature in the town and neighbourhood; and that it be
sent to the Lord-Lieutenant of the county for presentation
in the House of Lords, and to Sir Philip Egerton in the
House of Commons."

The Rev. T. NOLAN rose to second the resolution. There
wits one point to whiCh, he was desirous to allude. The Ca-
tholics assumed to be the professors of truth, yet how hap-
pened it that they had been brought into the temple of Anti-
Thor were, indeod, su changeable and 4+,4
they reminded him of the cameleon which derived its varying
hues from the place where it rested. They had, in fact, peace
on their lips, but a sword in their hearts. (Hear.) This was
not a time to daily with principles. They must submit to no
surrender, or hold fast and loose, but stand by their princi-
ples firmly and unflinchingly. Those who were not with
them in so sacred a cause were against them. Would they
suffer the people .to be brought under the roof of a mass-house ?
Would they behold the sacrifice of the dearest, interests, of
enlightened men? Assuredly they would not, for they felt
that the Cathcilic religion which *as insidnonsly creeping over
the cduhtty, was but an iflolatryi altogether unsCriptural.
With regard to MaynOoth, the education there given was so
dangerous and reprehensible as that imparted td the Cathplie
students in the most bigoted countries in Europe. The
superintendence was all In the bands of Catholics, and the doc 7

trines taught were of the most pernicious tendency. It had
failed to abcompliih any of the objects for which it was en-
dowed, and therefore should the grant to it be withheld. If
it was right in principle not to agree to such grant, so was it
right in practice to do away with it. Even ihe lite Arch:
bishop M`Ghee had given his testimony to the fact that the
Maynooth establishment was not favourable to peace, or to
the allegiance of the subject. England had a right to enquire
on this point, for he believed that if the grant were continued
she would sustain deep and bitter injury. The influence of
the education given at Maynooth was not so remote in its
effects as might at first be supposed. This would be obvious
from the increasing and rapid intercourse which modern
science had established between this country and Ireland.
That intercourse would give facilities for the introduction
of principles which are so adverse to Protestants,—principles
which went to frustrate the ends of justice, and set the law
of the land at absolute defiance. (Cheers.) It was said, and
truly, by a great writer, that by a wholesome restraint of
providence, " conscience doth make cowardi of tia all but
the effect of the confessional of the Roman Catholic church
was was to interpose between sinful man and his conscience. It
went to satisfy his qualms, by impiously offering expiation
for his offences. If a Catholic priest became cognizant of
a meditated assassination, through the confessional, he did
not, (such were his obligations) either give information of
the pre-determined murderer, or caution his intended victim.
(Cheers.) There were cases, too, in which, if a murderer
were placed in the dock of a court of justice, false witnesses
were, from the same influence, brought up, and perjured
jurors were impannelled, to acquit him: (Cheers.) He
would ask, if the support of such a church; from the funds
of the country, was constitutional? All that emanated from
Maynooth was dangerous to this Protestant state. Its influ,
ence was felt wherever a Catholic was known. Like the
root and stem of the tree, it gave nourishment to popery in
its most minute and remotest branches. Even the most se-
cluded of the peasantry, as well as the wealthier catholics,
were tainted by the polluted 'stream that flowed from May-
nooth. In conclusion 7 he called upon them to petition for
the rescinding of the grant to that mischievous establish-
ment, and also for the repeal of the act which conferred poli-
tical power upon the papists. As they valued their souls'
salvation ; as they valued the peace and prosperity of the
country, he called upon them to rise up against a system
which was alike destructive of the happiness of a people here,
and of their hopes of glory hereafter. He begged leave to
second the resolutions (Loud cheers.)
The Rev. Mr. VAVDREY moved the second resolution in
an animated and eloquent address. He had not, he said, in-
tended to come forward at this meeting, which their enemies
might say was got up for the purpose of political excitement;
he would rather, indeed, confine himself to the quieter and
more retired paths of life ; but as he was highly favourable
to the cause, he could not but publicly give his approval,—
particularly as their enemies might otherwise say that they
(the Protestants of Cheshire) had that day brought up three
or four red hot Irishmen only ; that they had no heart in the
matter themselves, and that all they wished for was agitation.
(Cheers.) He would not put himself in comparison with the
gentlemen alluded to' in point of talent, to address that
meeting ; but with all due respect and obligation to them for
their Attendance, he would not shrink from adventuring the
comparison, so far as " heart " could go, in the cause in
which they had mutually embarked. He might be permitted
to exclaim, indeed,— If I forget thee, 0 Jerusalem !
may my right hand forget her cunning !" He regretted that
the protestants had recently been so much wrapped up in their
own worldly interests, that they had neglected those interests
that were spiritual and eternal. Our opponents charged us
with a want of charity ; they said, let us alone and we will
let you alone : but charity, after all, began at home, and in
being true to themselves, they would be false to none.(Cheers.)
The papists had, in truth, entered into a deadly conspiracy
against the protestant interests of this country. This was
not idle declamation. (The rev. speaker here illustrated his
position by a passage from Frazer 's Magazine, in reference
to a dinner given to the Hop. and Rev. George Spencer, who
had unfortunately forsaker! the religion of his fathers, and
become a convert to popery. The import was, that the Ca-
tholics would never rest until the whole world was subjected
to the yoke of Catholicism.) He then alluded to the spread
of popery, and the attacks upon the Protestants recently
made at Leeds and Glossop. The government, too, had re-
fused adequate support to the Protestant religion abroad as
well as at home. The bishops and clergy appointed were not
adequate to the wants of the inhabitants of our colonies, and
the efforts of the Catholics to gain the ascendancy were con-
sequently more successful. The Protestant community,
nevertheless, looked up with benevolent and charitable feel-
ings on the millions who were enthralled by the superstitious
and debasing doctrines of the Church pf Rome ; he lamented
the delusion under which they labored, and prayed that
they might be enabled to convince them of the error of their
ways. Much had been said of the expediency of conces-
sion ; but he acknowledged no expediency but that of duty.
Expediency might stop a gap for a little time ; but it would
never do in the long run. Honesty was ever the best policy,
and why should they conceal their true and honourable ob-
jects. It was God's will that they should proceed in this
cause, and His command, conveyed through the Bible, was
their security. Sonic parties would relieve the House of
Lords from the onus of their political duties; some would
even relieve God himself from the encumbrance of his own
creation. Others, who assumed to be friends of national
education, yet would discharge from such education all
teaching of religion as a superfluous ingredient. No matter
who were our legislators : religion and legislation were now,
forsooth, to be severed. The Deity was, indeed, to be placed
aside ; but the scoffers would yet be laughed to scorn. God
was looking on : his superintending providence was visible
even in the existence of a reptile, and not a sparrow
fell to the ground without the knowledge of the Lord.
The reverend gentleman illustrated his arguments against
Popery and infidelity, by scriptural quotations. The time was
when the infidel could not find toleration amongst his neigh.
hours, but unhappily infidelity now found easy proselytes.
This was a sort of judicial retribution for their apathy. But
they must now redeem the time by energetic exertions, and
acting from a conviction of God's goodness, and a faith in
his saving power, they would accomplish all. (Cheers.)
This meeting would serve to stir up the too dormant spirit
of Protestantism,—of that faith which, unlike Popery, was
unchanged, because unchangeable. Like " Old Mortality"
in the novel, they must, with hammer and chisel, clear the
moss from the tablet of Popery, and expose it in all its defor-
mity, and rouse the people of England to a deeper sense of
gratitude, for that glorious reformation for which Ridley,
Luther, and Cranmer nobly perished. To the legislature
they must speak respectfully, but firmly ; and it would be
impolitic as well as ungrateful in them to deny their prayer,
for they were the party to whom alone the throne was in-
debted for tried and enduring loyalty and allegiance. The
following were the fundamental principles upon which it was
proposed to establish the association :

" 1. That the influence of true religion over a people forms the best
security for their individual rights, and the surest basis of national
prosperity."

" That the British Constitution acknowledges in its principle
and laws the sovereignty of Almighty God, and the supreme autho-
rity of his holy word, and has provided for the scriptural instruction
of the people by its religious establishments."
" 3. That in opposition to the principle of this constitution, doc-
trines have of late been propagated, that religion is unconnected
with the duties of legislation—that in the eye of the state all
religions are alike,—and that support should be equally given or
denied to all."

" 4. That under cover of these doctrines, the members of the
Church of Rome are zealously exerting themselves to destroy the
Protestant character of the constitution, and that the first object
to which they direct their efforts is the overthrow of the established
churches, as forming the main obstacle to their ulterior designs."
" 5. That to counteract these efforts, all who venerate the word
of God, and value the British institutions, should be called on to
co-operate in pointing out to the people the peculiar dangers of the
present time, and iu taking measures to inspire them with a just
sense of the benefits and blessing's of the Protestant constitution."

He had, therefore, to propose " That an Association on the
above principles be now formed, to be called the Northwich
Protestant Association."

The Rev. HUGH M'NEir.z then came forward, and was
received with marked and repeated applause. He remarked
that what had already been uttered left it a work almost of
supererogation on his part to say a word, in order to induce
them to become members of the association, and to sign the
petition they had heard read ; but as he had received an in-
vitation to attend the meeting, he should not shrink from ex-
pressing his opinions on some points connected with the sub-
ject. He, and one or two of his reverend coadjutors, who
had taken part in the proceedings, had been jocularly intro-
duced to them by one of the speakers, under the character of
Irish agitators. He had no objection to the title. They were
not the first agitators, and would, he trusted, not be the last
in a good cause. (Cheers.) He was favourable to a state of
peace, while that was consistent with the promulgation and
dominion of truth ; but the furtherance of truth amongst the
party opposed to them, who abhorred it, necessarily excited
contention. He was for peace ; but, unhappily, when he
spoke the truth, which he was resolved to do, they were for
war. (Cheers.) He might say, in the language of Jehu,
when he was asked " Is it peace,"—" What peace so long
as the whoredoms of thy mother Jezebel, and her witchcrafts
are so many." (Loud cheers.) He loved peace much, but
he loved truth even more. When the Prince of peace, Jesus
himself, came upon earth, he said, " I come not to send peace
but the sword"—an expression which required explanation.
[The rev. gentleman here explained the meaning of the
passage in its reference to family feuds.] The liberals, as
they called themselves, denounced such a doctrine as uncha-
ritable ; but plausibly as they talked, they produced no proofs
of the assertion. Jesus sa rificed peace for the sake of truth.
He might here remark, that one of the first things put into
his band that day on his arrived at Northwich, was a letter

from the Postoffice, addressed to him, to the care of the Rev.
Mr. Vandrey. It was to the following effect :—" Sir, I see
you are going to speak to the people of NathWich about Po-
pery, which they know as little about as they do of the Lord
High Admiral.' (Loud laughter.) What was the extent of
their knowledge of the Lord Admiral, he could not take upon
himself to conjecture; but, as the writer of that letter was
perchance in that room, he was glad to have an opportunity
of enlightening high as to what Popery consisted of. That
writer had not given him an opportunity to reply to him by
writing ; as he bad chosen to conceal himself under an anony-
mons guise. If he could but meet him he would tell him
what this monster of Popery was--that hid herself from in-
spection, under the moss and rubbish which they would,
doubtless, be called uncharitable, if they removed so as to ex-
pose her in her naked defoimity: (Cheers.) A parliamen-
tary commission some time ago appointed to inquire into the
system pursued at Maynooth, as well as other places. They
desired to see the class books put into the hands of the stu-
dents, and were shown two of them,—the Lectures of Dela-
hogue, in five volumes, and Bailly, on Al oral Theology, also
in five volumes. Referring to these books he found many
objectionable passages. In the latter work, vol. 2, page 232,
a question was asked, and an answer given, relative to one of
the eommandments,—as follows :
How great must be the quantity of the thing stolen, in order to
constittite the theft of a mortal sin ?" (Laughter.)
Answer : This quantfty cannot easily be determined, since nothing
has been decided on the' point either in natural, divine, or human
law. Some are of opinion, that the quantity necessary for the
maintenance of an individual for one day, in a manner suitable to
his station in the world, is sufficient to make the theft a mortal sin.
Others think that it requires a quantity which, everything con-
sidered, inflicts a grievous injury on our neighbour, and deprives
him of something peculiarly useful. A loss, however, which, in
respect of one, a rich man for instance, is slight—in respect of a
poor. =ln may be considered heavy. The same quantity in all thefts
cannot therefore be assigned as constituting the subject matter of a
mortal sin.

Hence, theologians are: acctstomed to distinguish men into four
ranks. The first rank consists of the filtestrious, who live in splen-
dour. The second of those who live on their own estates, but not
so splendidly, such as are moderately rich. The third, of artificers,
who support themselves by their own labour and handicraft. The
fourth, of the poor, who provide for themselves by begging. It is
generally laid down, and it may be laid down as determined, that in
order to a theft's being a mortal sin, when committed on persons of
the first rank, fifty or sixty pence are sufficient. (Laughter.) In
fact, this appears to be a sufficient sum with reference to all men,
even princes ; because this sum of money is considerable in itself,
aM might be of service to princes, since it would be sufficient for
the pay of several soldiers for one day. With respect to persons of
the second rank, forty pence are enough. With respect to persons
of the third rank, -if their trade be a very lucrative one, twenty
pence ; if less lucrative, ten pewee, With' respect to persons of the
fourth rank (i. e. paupers) four pence or even' one penny, if they
have nothing else to live on.

Th. rchding of these passages, wnien Me rev. gentienittn
dwelt on with humorous emphasis and effect, produced shouts
of latig,htin. He proceeded to comment upon them—God
had said "thou shalt not steal," but the Roman Catholics
did not measure the sin by the principal transgression
against, but by the quantity stolen. Ten-pence consti-
tuted the mortal sin if taken front en artificer, and he
wondered what sum they would fix for men who worked
at their salt works. (Loud laughter.) It was temarkable
that these doctrines were gravely taught to the theological
etudent at the Popish seminaries. Their young priesta
were taught to measure their honesty by a standard regulated
by the means of the people robbed, and not by the law of
God: (Hear.) How would those who heard him like that
such principles should be instilled into their children ? That
they sliduid just take a little dishonestly; that they should
take nineteen pence from one man, and all would be right,
but beware of taking twenty pence. That they should take
nine pence from another, but egehew the fatal larceny of ten
pence ! Why, if a man came to teach such a doctrine, would
they not eject the vagrant from the parish? And why, then,
should they support a college of such vagrants. ((sheers.)
He had no objection to support truth and morality ; but he
had a strung repugnance to the support of falsehood. He
now-came to another qneittiori and reply relating to thefts by
wives :

" Whether wives commit a mortal sin Of theft; if, contrary to the
reasonable wishes of their husbands, they secrelly take anything
considerable from the property which is under the poitcr of their
husbands /

It is answered, " that they commit a mortal sin of theft, because
they greatly injure the just right of the husband. But what quan-
tity ought to be accounted considerable in these thefts, cannot
easily be determined ! ! This one thing is certain, that a greater
quantitg is required in thefts committed by a wife or a son, than in
thefts committed by strangers ; because a husband, or the father
of a family, is more unstilling that money should be taken by a
stranger than by a wife or a son.
" It, is not a theft if a wife secretly abstracts from their common
pioperty as much as is necessary to support an indigent father, cr
mother, oi• children by a former Marriage, and, even according to
some doctors, for a brotiiet and sister leaVe, however, being first
asked from the husband, Which if Ire shall have withheld, she can
and ought to assist them out of het own dowry.; for it is a natural
obligation, which a husband cannot obstruct. NeverthelesS, what-
ever the wife has given away to them, she is bound to account for,
and reckon as part of her dowry, when she comes to a ditisiofi of
the property with the heirs."

Hereit appears there was considerablelatitude and indulgence
allowed to wives, in respect to depredations in their husband's
property. It was not a mortal sin if the amount taken were
to support a helpless father, or the children by a former mar-
riage. He might, at this point, remark upon the mischievous
tendency of Protestant females ifiterthartyttig with Romanists.
There was a letting in of the point of the wedge, which
would soon be driven home. If they had children, the boys
might be allowed to go one was' at first, and the girls
another; but by and by, (a Protestant being too honest for
suspicion, and therefore, confiding until it was to late to
remedy the evil,) both would be driven under the yoke of the
Popish Church. The extracts he had submitted were from
the class-books, taught at Maynooth College. Those were
some portions of those works so abominable, indecent,
wicked, and disgustiug in their nature, that he could not
quote them before a mixed assembly, a large portion of which
consisted of British ladies of sense and delicacy. The worst
point he should allude was the mystery thrown on the cha-
racter and position of the Romish priests, who were held to
be all but infallible. He had there a book of extracts, from
" Dgn's Nature and of Confession, and the Obligation of
the Seal." it appeared from this, iat although the life and
safety of a man, or the salvation of a country depended on
the priest giving notice of his knowledge of the guilty intent
of the parties. For instance, the follo'wing are some of the
quotations, and replies on this point
" What is the seal of sacramental confession ?

" Answer.—lt is the obligation or duty of concealing those thlhgs
which are learned from sacramental confession.—Dens, vol. 6t p.
" Can a case be given in which it is lawful to breathe the sacra-
mental seal ?

" Answer.—lt cannot ; although the life or safety of 'a man de-
pended thereon, or even the destruction of the commonwealth ; nor
can the Supreme Pontiff give dispensation in this ; so that, on that
account, this secret of the seal is more binding than the obligation
of an oath, a vow, a natural secret, &c., and that by the positive
will of God."

The priest was not declared guilty of uttering a lie if he de-
nied, all that he knew of the intended murder or treason ;
and if closely pushed he might make oath that he did not
know what he did know ! He was blasphemously consi-
dered, while in the confessional, as God, and when ques-
tioned on what he had there heard, as only man, and, there-
fore, as knowing nothing of the matter !—(shame)--and by
this means were the poor deluded Romanists submitted to a
slavish degradation. True, they did not from policy act up,
in this country, to the high pressure of their faith ; for being
fewer than the Protestants, and merely scattered amongst
them, they did not dare to carry out their practices to the
fullest extent. How different was the Protestant faith ! The
manner laid down of questioning a female at the confessional
was altogether abominable. It went to debauch the female
mind, and even suggested or encouraged the weakness which
never before existed. He would put to any christian father
or brother present, whether they could tolerate such a dis-
graceful system to be applied to their wives, their daughters,
or their sisters ? (Cheers.) He next alluded to the conse-
crated wafer and wine at the sacrament, which the Popish
creed considered were the real flesh and blood of Christ, and
commingled, by " transubstantiation" with the body of the
communicant. With regard to the consecration of the host
or wafer, he found it written :
" If any one does not intend to form, but to do something deceit-
fully; likewise if some hosts from forgetfulness remain on the altar,
or some part of the wine or some host is concealed, when he does
not intend to consecrate any but those which .Fie sees; likewise if
any one have before hirn eleven hosts, and intend to consecrate
only ten, not determining which are the ten that he intends; in
these cases he does not consecrate, because intention is required."
And again :
" If any one is not fasting after midnight, even after the taking
of mere water, or other drink or food, even as medicine, and in
any quantity how little soever, he cannot communicate or cele-
brate."

Again
" If the priest vomit forth the Eucharist, if the species appear
entire, let them be reverently taken, unless nausea arise ; for in.
that case let the consecrated species be carefully separated, and let
them be replaced hi some sacred place, until they are corrupted."
Strange, that that which it is intended is .the real body of
Christ, which the Scriptures state to be incorruptible, should
become corrupted ! The Romish religion indeed, was one
that offered a convenient and agreeable compiomise to the
consciences of men, for mankind naturally loved sin and
hated punishment. Remission of sins here, and turgatory
hereafter. were hailed by the deluded followers of that Church.
Prayers were uttered by the dozen, and beads counted accor-
dingly, but, alas ! how unavailingly. (The reverend gentle-
man went on in a strain of much eloquence, to point out the
errors and iniquities of the Romish Church, but we regret
that our limited space constrains us to a brief sketch of his
more general concluding remarks.) After alluding to the
conduct of the ministry in declining to continue the patent
for the printing of the authorized version of the Scriptures in
Scotland, he read the following interesting account of the
history of that translation, from Henrie's " Critical Introduc-
tion to the study of the Scriptures :"
" Those distinguished scholars (the forty-seven translators of
James I.), were divided into six companies. Ten were to meet at
Westminster, to translate from the Pentateuch to the end of the
2d Book of Kings. Eight, assembled at Cambridge, were to finish
the rest of the historical books and the Hagrographa. At OxIo.:d
seven were to undertake the four greater Prophets, with the Li
mentations of Jeremiah, and the twelve minor prophets. The lour
Gospels, Acts of the Apostles, and Apocalypse, were assigned to
another company of eight, also at Oxford. The Epistles were
allotted to another company of seven, at Westminster. Lastly
another company at Cambridge were to translate the Apocrypha,
books. According to the regulations under which the work was
conducted, first, each individual translated EVERY book which was
allotted to his company ; secondly, the readings to be adopted in
each book were agreed upon by the whole of that company assem-
bled together ; and thirdly, the book thus prepared was sent to
each of the other companies to he again examined. At these meet-
ings one read the translation, the rest holding in their hands some
bible, either in the learned tongues, or in some modern language,
If they found fault, they spoke; if not, he read on. The transla-
tion commenced in the spring of 1607, and the completion of it
occupied nearly three years. It was first published infolio, in 1611."

He should now, from " Strypes' Annals," furnish the
following account of the Dovay, or Catholic Bible :

" Hear now the history of the Douay Bible. The founder of the
colleges at Douay and Rheims, and the chief translator of tl:o
Rheimish Testament, was Dr. William Allen. He was an English-
man; but for multiplied acts of treason was compelled to fly from
his country. He went to Flanders, where he exercised all the
powers of his mind, and they were great, to check, and, if possible,
to overthrow, the progress of the Protestant Reformation in Eng-
land. He became a pensioner of the King of Spain, and was created
a cardinal by the Pope. He laboured to corrupt the soldiery of
England, and succeeded in tempting Sir William Stanley to betray
Deventer, in Holland, to the Spaniards. In concert with the Jesuit
parsons, he devised the scheme of the Spanish invasion of England,
in the celebrated Invincible Armada.' He was patronised by the
infamous Duke de Guise, who, with Catherine de Medicis, plann,id
the massacre of tens of thousands of Protestants, on St. Bartholo-
mew's Day; and he was the willing instrument of Gregory XIII.,
who appointed a public thanksgiving at Rome for the success of the
above-mentioned slaughter. Cardinal Allen sent Jesuits into Eng-
land to taint the principles of the people. The pupils in the colleges
he founded were taught all manner of ways to divide Protestants i
principles of religion; and were themselves bound by an oath, %
which the following is a copy :
" ' I, A B; do acknowledge the ecclesiastical and political povraf
of his holiness and the mother church of Rome as the chief head
and matron above all pretended churches, through the whole earth.
And that my zeal shall be for St. Peter and his successors, as the
founder of the true and ancient Catholic faith against all heretical
beings, princes, states, or powers, repugnant to the same. And
although I, A B, may pretend, in case of persecution or otherwise,
to be heretically disposed, yet, in soul and conscience, I shall help,
aid, and succour the mother church.' "
He rejoiced in having the opportunity of going from place to,
place, and supporting the cause of protestantism. He was
called an agitator ; and he and his friends had been treated
by some parties in a manner that could not be called kindly ;
just as if they cared what was said of them in that quarter.
(Cheers and laughter.) He called upon them to place their
names to the petition, and thus to show that they would
tolerate no hypocrisy—no treachery to the church or the
throne ; that the bible and freedom of conscience were the
watch-words of their cause ; and that they repudiated the
sneaking, skulking, bigotted enemies of their church and of
order, who, with butter on their lips, carried treason and
daggers in their hearts. He did not admire that class of
" reformers " who continually talked of the liberality and
justice of the reformation they wished to effect.; who prated
incessantly about " liberty," yet went hypocritically hand in,
hand with the papists, who, as he had shown, repudiated all
liberty of conscience—allL true allegiance to that throne which

gave them protection. He deprecated the wild and mis—
chievous doctrines of the ultra-reformers and chartists of the.
day, which, if countenanced, would but lead to a military
tyranny, and finally whelm the country in slavery and degra-
dation. Nothing but the maintenance of: the balance of'
power of the three estates that constituted the government
could redeem the country from anarchy. The crown, the
aristocracy, and the people, must each be maintained in their
proper and respective positions. If the aristocracy were
predominant, discontent and rebellion would arise : if the_
people were permitted to obtain the ballot, universal suf-
frage, and annual parliaments, they would become top-
hea'vy, and confusion would be the result. And let that
portion of the people who would put down the crown
and the aristocracy, remember, that the wave of revolu-
tion would prostrate the palace, and would, with equally
ruthless and uncontrollable destruction, sweep_ away the
humble mansion and the lowly cottage. (Cheers.) Let
them look to the French revolution and its direful effects.
When the " liberals" of that country, through blood and
destruction, got the ascendancy, they became the most cruel,
the most fiendish of tyrants, and the liberties of France were
prostrate in the dust. (Cheers.) The chartists and other
demagogues would, if they had the power, equally show them-
selves to be at heart the enemies of.all that were allied to-
peace, order, and liberty. Protestant associations were ad-
mirably calculated to remove all danger of so fearful a result..
They were founded on the principles of rational liberty, and
appealed to private judgment, and, above all, to the Bible.
(Loud cheers.) They held forth incitements to contentment
and to peace. Popery was prone to discontent, treachery,
and change. Protestantism was made of sterner stuff. Their
Bibles did not change, whatever mutations might take place
in the ministry. (Cheers.) Let them show that they were
determined to have their Bibles ! Let their rulers know; let
even the Queen know, that no ministry can remain in office
in this country unless they be the supporters of Protestant-
ism. (Loud cheers.) The reform bill gave them the power,
if they would use it, to place in power men who would for-
ward and protect their cause, and to eject men who had cor-
ruptly obtained seats in the House of Commons, and there
virtually represented the Pope. Would they longer submit
to such domination ? lie trusted not. For himself, he felt
that he had done his duty in calling those within the sphere
of his labours to a sense of the dangers that surrounded
them, and the necessity for exertion to emancipate themselves
from a popish faction. (Cheers.) He wished that every
clergyman of the Church of England would follow his ex-
ample, for in that case popery would soon cease to be known
in England. (Loud and continued cheering.) He seconded
the resolution.
The resolution wag then put and carried unanimously.
AVNBiLE again rose and proposed a rote of thanks •
to the worthy chairman, for his protestant zeal and bold-
ness in coming forward to preside ot•er the meeting that day.
(Loud cheers.)
The motion was carried by acclamation.

JOHN CLARE, Esq., ofVarringTon,;aid he thought it
impossible for them to separate without returning thanks to
those rev. gentlemen from whose lips they had that day
heard so many great and gratifying truths, and who had
come from a considerable distance to lbrward the common
object they had in view. (Cheers.) He had himself two
votes in that county, and he should always give them for the
Protestant cause. His sons too had votes, which were given
on the same side. (Cheers.) lie trusted the meeting would
give a hearty expression of thanks to the rev. gentlemen by
a show of hands.

The motion was carriod with enthusiasm, and the meeting
separated, every one present highly gratified by the proceed-
ings of the day.

THE BOROUGH COURT.

TO THE ATTORNIES OF THE BOROUGH COURT, LIVERPOOL.
GENTLEMEN ,—You will, doubtless, have received a copy
of the new rules and regulations, respecting the future
practice of the Borough Court, and probably are not a little
surprised at the allowance of costs which some official per-
sonages have thought fit to fix as a remuneration for the
practitioners.

Though it has never been my ambition to have an exten-
sive practice :n our local tribunal, to me any innovation of
the practice will make little or no difference, but to many
whose principal livelihood was obtained by being connected
with it, the scale of reduction will, in a great degree, be felt,
added to which, it will be the means of preventing our town-
men from obtaining justice at home, inasmuch, as every
respectable attorney will resort to the superior courts to
practice, on the new rules coming into operation.
As it is obvious, by the intended amendment, that the
labours of the Assessor and Registrar of the court will be
much less, we must infer that the salaries of both, will, in
the same degree, he reduced, and this may be considered as
the only benefit which will arise to the town by the intended
alterations.

Observing that the scale of costs is at all times to be sub-
ject to the reversion of the Vice-chancellor, or any two of
the Judges, I trust you will see the propriety of resisting
this infringment of our rights, and by an immediate meeting
of the attornies, endeavour to counteract this attempt of
imposition, by hating such alterations effected as may be
considered necessary, in order that we may have a fair and
reasonable remuneration fot our services.—Yours,
Liverpool 16th May. LEG ULEILTS.

THE CLAYTON-SQUARE ORATORS.

TO TIM EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

S'lR,—Not being able to attend the Great Liberal Meeting'
in Clayton-square yesterday, I purchased a third edition of
the Conrier, and was much disappointed at not seeing the
speech of Mr. J. Mulleneux reported amongst those of the'
other worthiest more especially as 1 can vouch for the fact
that he had one all ready " cut and dried" for him, and teas
invisible to every eye but mine,—the whole of Tuesday being
busily employed in his sanctum in getting it by heart—the
answer to all inquiries being, that he was particularly en-
gaged and could not be disturbed.
Now, Mr. Editor, I think that the chairman of the meet-
ing behaved most scandalously to his friend, in not suffering
him to deliver himself, after all the trouble the worthy man
had taken for the:enlightenment of his fellow townsmen; and
I would .suggest to Mr. M.,. that be furnish you with the.
document .(if it be legible after a whole day'S thumbing,) or
with a copyt.which you, know he might improve upon, that.
you. play insect „4.1,y0,u..t1eat publication, in order that his-
nuincruns atlgkii',ers may not lose the edification o.Agi instruc-
tion that Alms arise from his effusions.
I am. &c.
Wellington Arms, Dale-area May 16.

80-Pri2-

THE INDIA MISSION OP THE GENERAL AS-
SE'.`•IBLI` OF THE CHURCH OP SCOTLAND
AND THE REV. DR.. DUPE

(From a Correspondent.) -•
This distinguished mission to the heathen poLseS'ses seve-
ral features of excellence not generally known, and though
not more than a few years' standing, occupies a position, and
exercises a power and influence over the moral destinies of
British India unprecedented in the history of rnissionzy en
terprise.
It is not the understanding of a voluntary society of bene-
volent individuals, united for that purpose alone, but it is that
of the whole national church of Scotland, as such, which ex-
cites much interest, and inspires perfect confidence, in all its
macments.i.,

It has appropriated to itself, as it were, the department of
general, scientific, - sistit/ Christian Tuition of the rising youth
in each of the three presidencies of India—Calcutta, Bombay,
and Madras, as principal foci, Or centres, from which. through
the instrumentality of welheducated and thoroughly Chris-
tianized natives, they hope to diffuse the "pork ofreligions
il-
luini and moral regeneration throughout India. Two
characteristic features of these institutions, as distinguished
from all others of a. similar nature in the country,. are—the
prominent place avtnvedly given to Christianity in all the in-
structions delivered, arid—the indiscriminate admission of
pupils of castes, from the highest and the lowest.
The success attending this new feature in missionary la
boar has been great. Not less than-a thousand youths, many
of them of the first chiss of natives, sre now receiving instruc-
tion at the three institutions alone, in which six missionaries
are constantly employed in the work of tuition. It has been
from authority stated regarding, them, that " the high stand-
ard of secular instruction given commands the respect anti
admiration both of the British authorities, and of the influ.
ential natives, by whom, on that account:its extemsienis;'
eagerly sought. By its equally high and uncompromising:
tone of Christian training, it obtains for the truth a lodgrrstnt:
in the understandings, and, through the blessing of God, is
the hearts of many hundreds of the intelligent youth, who not
merely attend school for a few years in their childhood, but
often continue, as they advance, in close and constant attend-
ance upon the lectures and discourses of the missionaries. Of
these a large proportion returning into the bosom of Indian
society, must carry with them and diffuse a leaven and savour
of the gospel ; while not a few are already coming out as de-
cided converts, and offering themselves for the ministry and
service of the Lord," _ _ _

" Every year," writes one of these devoted individuals in
Calcutta—"every year I feel stronger confidence in the coming
triumphs of.the gospel, and see better reason to believe in the
wisdom and eventual success of the plan we follow. It is slow
undoubtedly, but it aims at the root, its influence spreads-
widely, and into every class of society, and in the end, Idolatry'
may fall in a day. It cannot be repeated too often, that the
rising generation in Calcutta, even now, is not idolatrous, nut
that in fifteen or twenty years Calcutta will not be a heathers
city.. The transition to Christianity may be nearer or more
distant, but is inevitable; at least it has followed in every
similar emergency in the history of the last 1800 years. The
word of God snakes certain the eventual progress of the gos-
pel, but I am speaking of something near at hand ; and I bless
God for the part which the Assembly have been privileged to
take in hastening on this glorious consummation."
Such are the principal features of this remarkable system
in which the gospel is emphatically taught to our Indian sub-
jects, and certainly comes with no bad grace from a country
which owes so much as Scotland does to shcols and vigilant,
tuition. She is here but imparting as she received, with no-
niggard hand, that which was poured into her own bosons
when writhing under the yoke of a no less galling and destroy—
ing superstition in the days of her first and great reformers.-
The Rev. Dr. DUFF is the orginator and the rearer of this.
system of instruction. To his enlightened faith, fervid zeal,.
and indefatigable labours, we owe this triumph of Christian
enterprise, and evangelical principle, over the most important
and hitherto considered most invulnerable of Satans' devices
to enslave poor human nature. He was the first missionary
of the Scottish church to India, and went early in life under
the immediste direction and auspices of the General Assem-
bly of that church. He had, through the Divine blessing,
just matured his plans, and established in admirable vigour
the Calcutta Institution, when his health sunk under the
labour, and the pestilental effects of a climate so deadly to
European constitutions, and he was-'obliged to return to his
native land to recruit. During his conValescence, when others
would have considered it the the time for repose or retire-
ment, it has been remarked that he has done more by his
powerful and affecting pleadings in behalf of the cause he has
espoused, than if he possessed the most robust health, and
were in the midst of his youthful charge in Calcutta, were his
heart again yearns to be. It is on all hands allowed that Dr.
I ) sffis of the highest order of intellect—his eloquence has been
acknowleged by thousands to be " overwhelming." and
for zeal and energy in the missionary cause he has never been
surpassed.

EPSOM RACES.—We have only space to state that Mr.
W. Ridsdale's Bloomsbury, rode by Templeman, was the
winner of the Derby, beating Deception, rode by Trent.
No other horses were placed. Nineteen others started.
Betting 30 to I against Bloomsbury.
FREEMASONS.—The first Grand Lodge of England met
in 926 at York, by a charter from Athelstan, who became a
member. St. Alban was also a freemason, and so were King
Alfred and St. Swithen. Amongst the great masters of
England are numbered St. Dunstan, Edward the Confessor,
William of Wykeham, Henry VII., Sir Thomas Gresham,
Inigo Jones, and Sir Christopher Wren. William 111. and.
George IV. were also freemasons.
TIIE TENTH INFANTuv.--This regiment, under the com-
mand of Lieutenant-colonel Custance, arrived in the Jupiter
and Nottingham steamers, in. the Clarence Dock, on Tues-
day at noon, having canbarketl the night previously, rather
suddenly, from DubLai, by th a direction of the Lieutenant-
general commanding in halal id, in accordance with instruc-
tions -received.. by him from t ae Horse Guards. The poor fel-
lows, on their disembarkatiot 1, were paraded under oae of the
sheds, and appeared, to hav e suffered severely during the
passage from cold and sea-sii 31:mess. The wives and families
of some of them were pitiabl objects, as they were huddled
together in groups, with an c ccasional umbrella over them to
shield them from the wind. In the evening, however, the
regiment, strong :and active , marched into Castle-street to
the lively strains of an exer llent band, and received their
billets.
