JinptriaL parliamEnt.

HOUSE OF LORDS.—THURSDAY.
Lord STANHOPE presented a petition from Huddersfield,
praying for more effectual protection under the Ten Hours'
Factory bill; also a petition from a parish in the West Riding
of Yorkshire, praying for a repeal of the Pour Law,
Earl STANHOPE gave notice of his intention on this day week
for certain returns in reference to the new Poor-law amendment
act.

PARLIAMENTAItY ELECTORS RILL

The Marquis of LANSWPVVETLvelinesei:Ond reading of
the Pailiarnentary -Meows' Bill, and stated its two objects,
which were not to alter the Refor►n Act.

The Duke of WELLINi;TON opposed it as relaxing the pro-
visions o f the Reform Act, kind as having the democratic ten-
dency to enlarge the constituency, inasmuch as it remitted the
test paVment of rates.
Lord R.s DNOR coutended.that it only went more completely
to secure the franchise given by the Reform Act.
The Earl of H A DOINGTON maintained that its tendency was
to increase the constituency, and that it was only part and par-
cel of a plan to enlarge the franchise, and to promote the ballot
and short parliaments.
The LORD CHANCELLOR denied that such was its character;
it did nothing mete than secure the carrying into effect what
Was contemplated by the Refidin Act.
The Duke of RictimoN,n supported the bill, on the ground
that the present working of the franchise was open to serious
objections.
After a few worth from Lord ALVANLEY and from the Duke
of RICHMOND in explanation, the house divided. The num-
bers were—

Proxies. Present.
Contents 37 45
• Non-Contentb
Total Contents -• 82
Total Non-Contents
Majority against the bi 11... ..... . 65.
Their lordships then adjourned.

lIOUSE OF COMMONS.—Tnunsoar.
In consequence of the ballots for the Election Committees to
try the merits of the petitions presented against the boroughs
cdEvershatn and Carlow, the gallery was not open till half-
past four o'clock.

BELFAST ELECTION.
Mr. Hot. Form. Chairman of the Belfast Election, Com-
mittee, reported to the house that the committee had come to
the resolution that James. Gibson and George Hamilton, Chin-
chester, commorbi called the Earl of Belfast, were not duly
elected, and ougnt to hare be'eu returned as burgesses for the
borough Of Belfast; that the petition of Robert Francis Gor-
don and others was not frivo'ous and vexatious, nor was the
oppoirtion thereto. The coninuttee further reported that they
had altered the poll books at the•last election by stiikiug oil•
certain voters who lied no right to vote, and ought not to have
been placed on the registry of voters.
On the motion of Mr. W. PATTE.N, the Manchester, Bolton,
and Bury Canal and" Railway Bill was read a second time, and
ordered to be committed.

EVERSHAM ELECTION COMMITTEE.
The Clerk appeared al the bar, with the reduced list of the
Committee on the Eversham Election Petitions.
The following gentlemen were then sworn at the table:—
Right Him. Sir Robert Peel, Sir A. Cauipbell, Mr. Plu►nptre,
Mr. Collier, Mr. Parrott. Major Scarlet. Mr. Childers, Lord
Ashley, Captain Fitsha►dinge Berkeley, Mr. Baillie, and Mr.
Harland.

CARLOW ELECTION COMMITTEE.
The clerk of the committee appealed at the bar with the re-
duced list of this committee, the members of which accordingly
came to the table and were sworu:—Frederick Dundas. John
Rundle, John Henry Lowther, Lord Eliot, Hon. G. H. Caven-
dish, Philip Henry Howard, Thomas Houldworth, Francis
Bernard Beamish, Edward Turner, Montague Edmund New-
combe Parker, 'Thomas \Vood, of Brecon.

council OF SCOTLAND.
Sir R. Peel said the time-had elapsed when the noble lord
promised to make a declaration as to the course' he meant to
pursue' with respect to the increased accommodation of the
Church of Scotland. Perhaps the noble lord would state to the
house whether it was the intention of her Majesty's govern-
ment to make any proposition.
Lord J. RUSSELL said it was his intention to make a propo-
sition on the subject, but he should not promise any motion
before Easter, but would state generally the inature of the mea-
sure. With respect to the Act of 1707,- relating to unexhausted
tiends in parishes, some provision would be made out of them
for the endowment of large parishes, where the tiends where
exhausted. He did not, however, mean to propose those cu=
dowmeuts out of any public fund—(hear,)—but he intended
that there should be endowments fur pasishe; in Edinburgh,
Glasgow, and other places.
Mr. RAINES postponed his motion with respect to First
Fruits.

Lord John RUSSELL, in answer to a question from Sir Ro-
bert. Peel, said that he should move the committee on the Irish
Poor Laws to-morrow, and his hon.. friend the Secretary-at-
War would move the Army Estimates, Committee of Supply
on Alonday. -
The house adjourned at:twenty minutes past six.

HOUSE OF LORDS.—FRIDAY.
The report of the Watermen's Act Amendment Bill was pre-
sented and. agreed to.
Lord BnouG HAM (having presented several petitions against
.the further endowment of the church of Scotland) wished the
Slavery Abolition Act Amendment Bill to be deferred until the
production of. some further returns. - After which (Lord Mel-
bourne having expressed • his disinclination to postponement)
the. noble and learned -lord said at present it was impossible
to understand the bill—it was "i►l-shaped and an abortion."
It was however, eventually deferred till Tuesday.
The Earl of A BEI: DEEN asked whether her Majesty's govern-
ment was prepared to state what were the intentions of the minis-
try with regard to the question of additional endowments to the
church of Scotland.

Lord :%lELROURNE sail the government intended to propose
that aid should be granted out of the bishops' fiends, which are
now in the possession of the crown. •
The Earl of AIIE.RDEEN remarked that to take the de-
ficiency from the bishops' tiends, which had become public
Property, would be equal to applying to the Consolidated
Fund.

Lord BROUGHAM condemned the measure proposed, as one
of "spoliation."_

The Earl of 11 A DDING TON expressed a like opinion.
The Archbishop of CANTERBURY insisted on the inviolability
of church property.
The conversation then dropped.
The Bishop of EXETER inquired whether a Roman catholic
bishop in Canada bad received, and continued to receive, £lOOO
a-year.

Lord GLENE LC. answered in the affirmative.
Lord 11111,13:o w slnd Lord Brougham to allow an alteration of
an order made on a former day for returns regarding the efforts
made to suppress slavery, the vessels on the African coast, &e.
In consequence of an interruption of Lord Brougham by Lord
Radnor, the former made a strong complaint against the noble
lord for such conduct.

The Archbishop of CANTERBURY presented a petition from
Canada, regarding the means of supporting the church establish-
ment there. It had nearly (ietX) signatures
Lord RIPoN went into details of the several acts on this sub-
ject, and concurred iu the necessity of maintaining the established
church in the Canad.ts.

Lord Cr'thriEt.G added that there was nn subject that occupil
more atteniion than the weans of maintaining the protests:
estahliihment in the colonies.

The petition was eventually ordered to lie on the table.—Ad
journed.

HOUSE OF COMMONS-FRIDAY

Mr. TENN ENT and Mr. DUNBAR took the oaths and their seats
for Belfast.

Mr. PLumpTitE presented, from Blackh.ath, a petition com-
plaining of encroachment on the part of Roman catholics, and
of the countenance given to them by her majesty's ministers.
O'CorNsr, r. desired it to be read: it was read deliberately
by the clerk at the table.

'Mr. 1-lumE gave notice, that, on Tuesday next, be should
move, that the names on divisions in election committees should
henceforth he taken by the clerks of the house, as they now
were in select roinmittees, and in committees on private bills.
Mr. ii cAiE afterwards called attention to the impediments
that existeo in the way of forwarding newspapers to India, post-
age by such route being charged, while they went to the colonies
free.

Sir J. C. HtrstinusE said, that it was a matter of revenue,
whether the government or the parties should pay for the con-
veyance Of the papers; at all events, he should be glad that
India possessed the benefit of better journals than what ap-
peared there, which they would by possessing the English news.
papers: .
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER in answer to Sir E.
Codrington, said, that the government had no intention of in-
terfering with the proposed subscription for a statue to Lord
Nelson, beyond that of arranging the site.
Sir G Giinv, in answer to Sir U. Inglis, said, there would
be further papers produced regarding Canada; and they would
contain the addresses to, anti the answers of, Sir I'. Bead:
The Attorney-General's copy-hold . enfranchisement, and
other bills, were read the second time pro ji)vinct, for the purpose
of referring them to a committee above stairs, at the suggestion
of Sir E. Sugden.
Lord EH!: INGTON presented the report of the New-castle-un-
der-Lyne committee, declaring that Mr. Miller had been duly
returned; but that there had existed very objectionable practi-
ces of making payments to voters after the elections.
Lord STANLEY asked when the house was likely to have the
government measure on the Irish church commission ?

_ .
Lord J. Itussrur, hoped_ to get an opportunity of making his
statement in the course of a few days.
Mr. C. Buht.Etz having staled, that he.should endeavour to
press the sontroverted elections bill on Alonday,
Sir It. PEEL said, that it would be better for the government
to set apart one day, in order that all parties might, after a so-
lemn discussion, decide whether ihere would be any evil in the
House of Commons parting with its jurisdiction in such cases.
The consideration of the bill was eventually fixed far Friday.
Mr. HUME, in answer to Lord Stanley, said, that be should,
on Monday, bring forward the question regarding Mr. Primrose,
appointed to the Edinburgh post-otfice
The House then once more went into committee on the Poor
Belief (Ireland) bill, which occupied the remainder of the sit-
ting.—Adjourned.

EXTRAORDINARY CASE OF DROPSY.—On the 28th of Feb
ruarv, an operation was performed on Mrs. Thomas Roades, of
Wonton, near Brill, Bucks, by the eminent Dr. Clarke, of
Finemere House, when the enormous quantity of 40 and a half
pints of water, weighing more than 401bs. was taken from her.
Mrs. Roades having survived the danger of the operation,
caused by her extreme debility, has now every chance of being
restored to her usual health.—Northampton Herald.
BELL'S LIFE IN LONDON AND SPORTING CHRONICLE EN-
LARGED, and no, additional charge—PßlCE FIVEPENCE. On
SUNDAY, March 25th, the promised enlargement of Bri:LL's
LIFE IN LONDON will take place, thereby affording 'additional
scope for the extension of the MISCELLANEOUS as well as
SPORTING INTELLIGENCE,. Ex I raindinary efforts will be made,
by the employment of competent correspondents, to procure the
most' accurate accounts of the approaching COURSING MEET-
INGS in all parts of thekingdom—STEEPLE
exploits; and every event interesting ki'the Spurting World—
while, in the Racing department, the
.high reputation and ac-
curacy of this widely circulated Journal, will be fully sustained
—Orders received by every News Agent in the United King-
dom. SPORTING A OVEUTISLAIENTS Of COURSING MEETINGS,
STELPLE CHACLS, EACH ELIINGS,:&C„ oars: be sent to the
Office on or beflire the Friday previous to publication—a rule
also applicable to the Sporting communications of out friends.
Price of Bell's Life in London,
.Office, No. 170,
Strand,'whare can be had for threetienceeat:h, together or sepa-
rate, parts 1; 2, 3 4, and 5, of the Gallery of Comicaltties ; the
5 pails contain 438 comic wood cuts, the cost of whiCn, design-
infr and engraving, exceeded two thousand pounds—near two
Millions have been sold.—never oat 'of print
*** Part 6 of the Gallery of eothicalities, price threeperce
only, will be published- at'No. 170, Straud„on the :30,h0f April.
Any of the Parts taken back.-andlhe cost price of twopence
each returned, before Jan. 1,1839. Placards for silo windows'.
