CoAIMITTEES

The proceedings of the Leases Committee, Improvement
Committtee, and Watch Committee were then read and con-
firmed. It appeared from the report of the Watch Com-
mittee, that Mr. Leigh, one of the rate collectors, was a de-
faulter to the amount of £2S2 4s. 2d., and his accounts were
ordered to be examined by Mr. Ashliu's clerks, and another
collector appointed in his stead.

REPORT OF THE MARKET COMMITTEE, IN REFERENCE TO THE
MATERIALS OF THE HOUSE Ire NILE-STREET, UGC.
The TowN-cLearc read the report of the above committee,
on the clause of the committee's report referred back for con-
.sideration on the motion of Mr. Cooper. The report first set
forth, that the resolution on which the Surveyor acted, urged
that officer to proceed with as little delay as possible. The
Surveyor had reported to the committee since the last Coun-
cil, that in obedience to their directions, that he was to use
every despatch, he had addressed a note to Mr. James Wit-
.son, requesting him to submit a tender for the materials of
the premises at the corner of Nile-street, excepting the bricks
and slates. He received a tender of £62 lOs., it being un-
derstood, that in this offer the dressing and stacking of the
bricks and slates by Mr. Wilson was to be included. He (the
Surveyor) urged Mr. Wilson to give £5 more for the mate-
rials, to which that individual would not consent. The Sur-
veyor applied to Mr. Wilson, because his tender had on a
recent occasion been accepted by the Improvement Com-
mittee, it having been considered higher than the others. As
regarded the excavacation and tunnelling, the Surveyor re-
ported, that the basis of the agreement was at his option,
either for the gross amount if mentioned in Mr. Wilson's
tender, or at ls. 6d. per cubic yard ; but in consequence
of the giving way of the north wall of the market, the ten-
der was altogether abandoned on the 18th September, and
this work was afterwardS included in the general specification
prepared for tenders. The Surveyor stated, generally, that
he was instigated throughout, by a desire to push the work
forward. The committee reported, that under those circum-
stances, they thought the Surveyor justified in dispensing
with the usual course of public advertisement. Mr. Woods
had stated to the committee, that his price would have been
Is. 6d. per cubic yard, which was precisely the price reserved
to the option of the Corporation by the Surveyor, in Mr.
Wilson's tender.
Mr. COOPER said the surveyor had sold the materials of
the house in Nile-street for £5B Ios. He objected to the
confirmation of the report because Mr. Woods had said that
£7O was the fair price. He had wished to be present at the
meetings of the committee, but he could not. He had asked
if he had not a right to be present at the meetings of the
committee; however as the committee would not allow hiin
to be present, lie now stood before the Town Council to ask
for justice. fAlr. Cooper went into some long details respect-
ing the plans, specifications, and the nature of Mr. Woods'
tender, and was proceeding, when
The MAyou asked him if he intended to conclude his
speech with any motion; if not, he was irregular.
Mr. COOPER said he had made statements respectink the
tenders which he was forced to explain. He had a character
at stake as well as any member of that council.

The MAyon said he could have but one wish, which was
to preserve tegulality. If Mr. Cooper intended to object to
the report he could then proceed, and would be perfectly in

order:

Mr. CooPEn, after some hesitation, said he did decidedly
object to the reception of the report.
Mr. H. LAWRENCE arose, Mr. Cooper being still on his
legs. (Order, order, from Mr. Currie.) Mr. Lawrence said
he thought Mr. Cooper having now explained wherein his
statement of what Mr. Woods had said differed from the re-
port, he had sufficiently vindicated his character, and (Mr.
Lawrence was proceeding)
Mr. CurtittE said he thought Mr. Cooper perfectly compe-
tent to speak for himself, without having Mr. Lawrence to
speak for him; and he moved that Mr. Cooper be allowed to
proceed.
Mr. H. LAWRENCE. And I believe the Mayor is perfectly
competent to preserve order in this Council, without Mr.
Currie to speak for him.
Mr. COOPER proceeded to say that the Council would have
saved £75 in this transaction if they had left it to open com-
petition, and really he would put it to the Council if that
would not, in every instance, be the fairest way. He de-
clared, without fear of contradiction, that the materials
which had been sold for £5B 10s. were worth double the
money. Mr. Cooper, amid some other statements, said that
Mr. Wilson, the person to whom the materials had been sold,
was a publican and a reformer.
Mr. Henry Holmes said, as chairman of the committee on
that occaTion, he might say he had never known of any ap-
plication front Mr. Cooper to be allowed to attend the com-
mittee.

Mr. DAVID HoncsoN said he would with great pleasure
second the motion of Mr. Cooper, that that report be not re-
ceived. He did not intend to enter into the merits of the
question as to whether this or that suns had been expended,
but he thought in ail public questions it was net only proper
that they should deal fairly, but that their conduct should be
free from suspicion. He thought that it was not right that
Mr. Cooper had, not been invited to attend the committee.
The amount of money in question was not large, but the prin-,
ciple of a question was not influenced by the amount. Ile
hoped; therefore, they would refer the report back to the com-
mittee, for re-consideration in the presence of Mr. Cooper.
He thought they were the -moreimund to this as Mr. Cowper
had stated that the individual to whom the materials were
sold was a reformer, and they knew well that these commit-
tees were composed almost exclusively of reformers. It was
very well known that reformers kept together, and that even
the laws of that Council were coucocted in a public-house
not very far from that room.

Mr. EVANS said Mr. Hodgson had. called upon the com-
mittee to plead guilty; but he, for one, would not plead
guilty. Nut contented with that, he (Mr. Hodgson) had
launched into a libel upon the whole of the reform party.
He had declared that they met at public-houses, and that the
whole animus with which they had acted was on c to answer
party purposes, altogether regardless of the duties of their
situation, and the calls of common justice. He flung back
these calumnies upon the gentleman himself. Now, with
regard to the business of the market committee, in respect to
this matter, it had got into some confusion unquestionably.
The surveyor was urged to push on the business, and with
his great experience, apprehending that delay might be of
great consequence, he made an immediate arrangement at
what he deemed might be the proper value. Mr. Cooper had
from rivals got new tenders, and the parties had offered at a
higher rate. They had made offers in what he conceived to
be quite an anti-tradesman-like spirit. These offers were in-
stigated by a feeling of what he should be inclined to call
absolute spite. Men, under such excitements, did not loOk
at the absolute profit or loss. They said, " I'm determined
he sha'nt have it. 'Therefore, he was certain that these sub-
sequent offers formed no criterion of the fairness of the pri,
mare one, which was probably the fair value.
Mr. BOLTON spoke of the haste with which the work was
required to be done, and said it must be clearly understood
that the work which was not done by open contract was very

Mr. RIGGINS stated that Mr. Woods and the other indivi-
duals mentioned by Mr. Cooper, had 'been examined before
the committee. The committee never thought of sending
for Mr. Cooper, but they sent for and examined Mr. Cooper's
witnesses. One of these said he estimated the value of the.
building by walking round it, never having been in the house
for seven years, and not having ever purchased such a house
in his life: others, one of whom was a servant of Mr. Cooper,
made the estimate at Mr. Cooper's direct request; and upon
the reporti of those persons, Mr. Cooper wished to make out
a mighty job.
Mr. ConniE thought
sufficient time had been spent in dis-
cussing this subject. Mr. Cooper had been asked for his
witnesses, and those witnesses had been examined. Mr.
Cooper seemed to hint that there had been a party feeling
in selling those materials to a reformer • and he would ask
that gentleman if the same charge could not be sent hack
upon him, that in stirring this business, he was merely doing
so from political motives of an opposite tendency. He
thought enough had now been said on the subject, and that
it ought to be permitted to drop. At all events the Market
Committee could not be blamed in future, if they ,sent to
the expense of advertisements on similar occasions.

Mr. HENRI' LAWRENCE said he thought the gentlemen of
the Market Committee were above having anything to do
with a job. Still he thought Mr. Cooper should be present
when the examination took place in the committee,
Mr. WooLiAtiG HT said, that he believed by the rules Mr.
Cooper might, as a member of the Council, have demanded
to be present at the meetings of the Market Committee.
Mr. CooeEti asked, if ,after what had occurred at a meet-
ing of the Watch Committee, when he had attempted to he
present he could have presented himself at any other com-
mittee. He called at Mr. Okill's office, and the elm k then
told him that he could not be present unless the resolution of
the council had enclosed an order for him to be present. Mr.
Cooper replied to the observations of Mr. Higgins, and de-
nied that the individual to whom that gentleman had alluded
was a servant of his. Mr. Cooper concluded with stating,
that throughout the transation nothing had been heard of but
Mr. James Wilson—every thing was to be done by Mr.
James Wilson
The MAYOR thought some of the allusions made by Mr.
Cooper were disreputable to him and beneath the dignity of
the council. He thought it was always best to abstain from
,attributing motives.
Mr. CoorEn said he should wish instead of referring the
matter to the Market Committee to refer it to a Select Com-

mittee.
Mr. H. LAWRENCE said that would be casting an imputa-
tion on the gentlemen of the-Market Committee which he
could not sanction.
The matter then rent to the vote, niten there appeared for
Mr. Cooper's Motion, that the report be referred back,
Messrs. John Holmes, James Heyworth, Hodgson, Shand,
Houghton, Batton, Mellor, Sands, Waltnsley, J. Lawrence,
Lawreuce,Cooper, H. Lawrence, Wood, Higgins, Leigh,
Smith, G. H. Lawrence, and Robinson. Againq the tno—
tion, Messrs. Logan, Thornhill, Harvey. Preston, Rawdon,
Prankland, H. Holmes, Bolton, Birch, Woolwridit, Bright,
Priestlev, Lassell, Earle, Carson, Morecroft. 'Blackburn,
Mason, Cropper, Jordan, Currie, It amsden, Duncan, Booth,
Horohy„ Brown, Leathom, G. Holt, Jones, Evans, T. Holt,
Moon, Bulley, Frame, Barclay, 0. Heyworth, and the
Mayor.

Against the motion 3S, for the motion 19.—Majority 19.
The report %vas received and confirmed.
The reports of the several committees were read and cot
finned.

WAREHOUSES ON THE DOCK QUAYS.

The 7:lay() R said it was wished by the Dock Committee
that a report of their proceedings should be postponed for a
week, as there was some business which world not be ar-
ranged completely till then, and a special council would be
convened for the purpose.
Mr. HonGsoN said he wished to ask a question relative to
this subject.
The MAYOR said there could be no objection to Mr. Hodg-
son asking any question, but it was worthy of consideration
if the question might not cause the opening out of the whole
subject.
- Mr. lionGsort said if the subject appeared to admit of de-
lay-, he should not seek for explanation ; but the subject was
so exciting, that, in his opinion, no delay ought to take place
in satisfying the public mind. It was understood that the
question was to be brought forward that day. He saw that
there was a larger attendance than usual, from the impression
that the subject alluded to would conic on. He had only
learnt yesterday that the consideration was to be postponed,
but considering the present state of excitement in the town,
he deemed it wrong to postpone it, for his wish was to allay
the anxiety prevalent in the town, and to prevent inconve-
nience. it would be understood by every gentleman present,
that he was speaking of the question of dock warehouses. He
asked what was intended to be done on this subject? It was
not merely for the information of himself and the Council,
but for the information of the town at large that he asked.
There were many gentlemen there who had, at great incon-
venience, come from a considerable distance purposely to
vote on this question. He hoped such information would be
given as would show that they could not possibly go on with
the subject at the present moment, otherwise they were open
to a very serious charge.
Mr. LEATHOM said he bad no motive whatever in the de-
lay of any such motion as that glanced at by the last speaker,
on the contrary, the committee bad every motive for hasten-
ing the business to a conclusion. Mr. teathom went' on to
show that the business and negociations were in such t state

that the report could not hare been made up, nor could the
matter have been brought before the Council sooner than the
time specified, (viz. nexi, Wednesday.)
Some discussion ensue', as to whether the day fixed should
be Monday, Tuesday, or Weju(sday next, members having
named tliose three days as likey to prove most convenient to .
them individually.

Mr. EVANS opposed die pr:.:'osition for aliening the day,
by doing which, he said, they .:onld be sanctioning a princi-
ple that certain members nee T 1 not attend except on crack
occasions.

Ultimately the Council went to the vote, and it was decided
that the meeting should be on WNlnesday next.

RE.MOVAI, OF TILE HAYMARKET.

The MAYOR presented to the Council three petitions from
individuals averse to the proposed removal of theillaymarket.
The petitions were numerously signed. The first was from
the farmers, signed by 306 re'siling northward of the town,
134 eastward, and 102 southward—total, 542. The second
was signed by 357 purchase's of produce, and the third by
-507 tradesmen and others.

Mr. SMITH Wished the petitions to be referred to a select
committee.

Mr. ROBINSON, seconded by Mr. BIRCH, moved that they
be referred to the Finance Committee.

Mr. SMITH, seconded by Mr. LOGAN, moved that they be
referred to a select committee to be appointed.
Mr. 'CURRIE presented a petition Morn the inhabitants of
North Toxteth, praying that if there were a market at the
nor:11, there might also be one at the south, which, Mr. Cur-
rie said, was a reasonable request.
Mr. H. LAWRENCE said it ought to be understood that there
was never any intention of removing the market at all, unless
one were given to the south also.

After some remarks from Mr. R A MSDEN, and a brief dis-
cussion, the Council went to the vote, when there appeared
for Mr. Smith's amendment 24, against it 33.
Mr. RA AI SDEN thought the distance of the proposed market
from all points would be a source of the greatest inconveni-
ence. The market ought to be in some central situation.
He moved another amendment—that the Finance Commit-
tee be requested to take again into consideration, with the
Market Committee, the question of the removal of the Hay-
market, and particularly if some central site cannot be fixed
on that will be more suitable than the removal to the north
end of the town.
Mr. MonEcaoFT seconded the resolution.

Some conversation ensued, and the amendment fell to the
ground. It was agreed that the petitions should be referred
to the Finance Committee.

A letter from the Rev. Win. Maynard; chaplain of the
Mariners' Church, requesting to be allowed the use of a
building at the corner of Sewell-street for a school in con-
junction with the above church, was referred to the Finance
Committee.

A mass of communications on the subject of the alleged
nuisances arising from Chemical works, in Vauxhall-road
and elsewhere, were read to the Council, and referred to the
Town-clerk.

Mr. Alderman Joss called the attention of the Council
again to the state of the alkali works at the north end of the
town, and stated, without pointing to any particular names,
that he could, from his own personal observation, and also
was confirmed by the, testimony of many persons who had
spoken to him on the subject, inform the Council that the
works were really still continued, and called on the Council
fully to carry out the future suppression of these nuisances.
APPOINTMENT OF A SURGEON TO THE BOROUGH GAOL.

The report of the Gaul Committee on the above subject
was read. The committee reported that they bad caused' the
proper advertisements to be inserted in the newspapers, and
bad received twenty-two applications, all of which had had
their consideration. Out of those they had elected for the
consideration of the Council three, namely those of Mr,
Francis Archer, Mr. John, Blackburn, and Mr. James
Chamber Ferguson.

Mr. BLACKBURN spoke at some length respecting the ap--
plication of his son, who he said had been exceedingly anxious
for the situation. He, Mr. :Blackburn, nctwi:hstaniling that
his son was his partner in business, and the law on that sub-
ject, did not conceive that there was any thing wrong or
illegal in the application, as he should not have touched one
penny of the emoluments. To be assured that he was cor-
rect in this notice, be took the liberty of asking the Town-
clerk, who perfectly coincided with him in his opinion. Mr.
Blackburn concluded, by announcing, that in compliance
with the advice of some friends his son had withdrawn his
application. Mr. Blackburn left the room when he had.
finished his speech.
The MAYOR in confirmation of Mr. Blackburn's notice of
the law of the case, caused the Town-clerk, to read an
opinion of Mr. Crompton which had been obtained upon the
subject. Mr. Crompton's opinion was, that the appoint-
ment of Mr. Blackburn's son, would not disqualify Mr.
Blackburn.
The MAYOR said, if the Council received the withdrawal,
they must proceed to elect one of the other gentlemen.
Mr. HARVEY proposed to the Council Mr. James Cooper.
Mr. EVANS recommended that the subject should be again
-referred to the committee, as Mr. Cooper's name had not
been brought before the Connell, and the present proceed-
ing would lead to great irregularity.
Dr. Ca LtSON supported the proposition of Mr. Evans. It
was opposed by. Mr. Currie and others.
Mr. WA cmsr.Ey said, without wishing to throw any,obsta-
cle in the way of Mr. Cooper's election. he thought it right
to remind the Council, that Mr. Cooper had already a.situa-
tion on the Watch buald, for which he received £BO per
and ant Salai'y was anotli to be increased.
r. MnooN.secontied the nomination of• Mn •COoper. •
Mr. LOGAN proposed Mr. Francis-Archer. - • -

ani:nm,

Mr. Cuiznir..see.oncled the motion, and put it to the •Conn- .
cil, whether they would conic: on Mr. Cooper two situations,
and that et the moment when they were about to enlarge his • -
salary for that which beat presflit held.
Mr. SMiTH moved that Mr. Ferguson be appointed.
The Council went to the vote, when the members Ivere..--,
For Mr. Archer 32, for Mr. Fer;uson 16, for Mr. Cboper.s-: - •
The ire police rate was passeu at a halfpenny in thepouncL
A long report of the town-r.erk on the powers of the :
Council, by theinsel-y-es and their committees, to make bp,
laws, was read and confirmed.

The Council adjourned at three o'clock, to Wednesday
text at eleven o'clock.

THE LONDON JOURNALS IN TWENTY-FOUR

HOURS.

At eleven o'clock this forenoon, the Lohdon morning jour-
nals of yesterday, despatched by the railway mail at eleven
o'clock, were delivered at our ollice—having been thus trans-
mitted from the British metropolis to Dublin in twenty-four
hours. Those journals were received by the Messrs. John-
ston, of Eden-quay, through the City of Dublin Company's
vessel, the Ballinasloe, which left Liverpool last night at nine
o'clock, thereby proving the superiority of that route, as the
channel for conyeying public correspondence between Lon-
don and Dublin.

We are happy to learn that the enterprising directors of
the City of Dublin Company have determined to accommo-
date the public by starting a vessel from Liverpool every
evening at eight o'clock.—Dublin Evening Mail.

We have seen a model of a ship's windlass, with a "patent
purchase" applied to it. The application is simple and in-
genious, and. we believe, is the invention of Mr. 'l'. M.
Gladstone, of this town, who has taken out a patent for the
machine. It has the decided approbation of Lloyd's sur-
veyors, as being the must effective purchase hitherto used for
getting a ship's anchor. Several have been fitted to vessels
of the largest class—the Ganges, of 727 tons • Intrepid, 300
tons; and the Adam Lodge, 567 tons. And understand
the makers, Messrs. Gladstone, Eddowes, and Co., have
numerous orders: the Garrow, British Merchant, and others,
are about to be supplied. We believe a model is to be seen
this day (Tuesday), at the Underwriters' Room, in order
that shipowners may have an opportunity for observing its
construction. It is worked with the handspike, without
fleeting, and its strength, simplicity, and effectiveness are
most conspicuous.—Mail. _ _

THE MAlLS.—Several of our local contemporaries having
published an erroneous statement of the hours adopted under
the new regulations at the Police-office, for the arrival and
departure of the snails, we have applied for and obtained
from authority the following correct copy of the arrange-
ments:—On and after Monday, Ist October, Ih3B, the de-
spatches to London will be as follows, viz.:—At 545 p.m.,
(the letter-box being closed at 5,) to arrive in London for
the first delivery the next morning, taking the letters for
Bristol, Exeter, Falmouth, lac. At 233 a.m., (the letter-
box being closed at 2,) to arrive in London about 2 3U p.m.
the same day, taking also the bags for Wigan, Chorley,
Preston, Lancaster, Burton. Kendal, Penrith, Carlisle,
Glasgow, and Edinburgh; heretofore sent at 850 a.m. The
despatches at 3 20 p.m. and 6 20 a.m. will he discontinued.
The foreign post despatch on Tuesday and Friday mornings
will be at 230 :Lin. The arrivals from London will be due •
at this office about 8 a.m.; letters ready for delivery at 9 and
at 10 p.m.—lbid.
Loin JouxßU SSEL I, IN 1, rVER PAO L.—On Tuesday morn-
ing Lord John Russell arrived here from Dublin, in the
Postotfice packet. lie is the 'most of the mayor,
Rathbone, Esq., nt Green-bank, du rip e his stay. In the .
morning-he visited the Custom-house. in company with his
worship and Francis Jordan, Esq. Ilis presence, however,
attracted little attention. He subsequently went on'Change,
when his reception was so cold that he may, perhaps, be led
to reflect on the popularity of the ministry of which -he is so
distinguished a member. He walked on the flags with the
Mayor, and two or three other gentlemen, and passed with a
slight notice into. the stews room, a comparatively small
number following. On Lord John's entering the room and
leaving it, an attempt was made to get up a reception by
clapping of hands, but few joined. He then proceeded to the
underwriters'-room, unattended except by his original fol-
lowers. Lord John re-crossed the flags to the Town-hall in
silence. Such is the popularity of her Majesty's first Secre-
tary.
THE STEAMER LIYERPOOL.—This fine vessel, which has
been purchased from Sir John Tobin by the Transatlantic
Steam Company, is now in course of outfit for the trade be-
tween this port and New York. She is a superb vessel, and,
like those steamers which have been most successful in their
voyages to distant lands, she is of great length. This is ob-
vious enough from the quay, but is not until a person stands
on the deck that he has a proper notion of the great distance
from stem to stern. The engines of the Liverpool are from
the manufactory of Messrs. Forrester and Co. In point of
speed, it is expected she will evince qualities of the highest
order. Soeb is the forward state of her preparations that she
is expected to be ready, by the end of next week, to take 'an
experimental trip to Dublin.
RAILWAY Acct DEN TS.—Wc regret to state that within the
last few days there have been two accidents on the Liverpool
and Mar:clieter Itatim;y, one of thein'aiterided with fatal
consequetiesia. On Saturday night a goods train left Lieer-
ofttrhaienpoplaicsse,maennd,
pool immr,qll:lclv after the lest train for Birmingham. On
arriving at the junction near :::•:ea-ton, three loaded waggons
were, by so:oe detadyql from the train whilst Awes
iu tootbra and their acquired velocity carried them forward
antalaneslds
nut knowing that there was anytoing behind it, stepped upon
i'Sitii('llliesst ac eleahrile3de I hheaNt, train. One
thee
the rails, when the three ceag7cons knotked him down, passed
over his bead and one of his lees, and killed him upon the
spot. The deceased had been seven years employed on the
iratdt foundry.—yesterday
railway, and seas the fatlTr of one of the men killed by the
recent ex
morn-
ing the three o'clock train from Liverpool, carrying the mail
toone o nirfmtihneghcaaTr' was overturned
was broken to pieces, and two others,
plosion
at
shovl::ued at ula
etY
same place;
plaee; when
with the engine, considerably damaged. The engineer re-
ceived some severe but not. dangerous contusions; the pas-
sengers aryl guard escaped unhurt, though the box in which
the guard sits was dashed to pieces. After a delay of an
hour and a half, fresh carriages were procured, and the train
proceeded with the same engine.—lllanchester Guardian of
Wednesday.

LONDON AND BRIGHTON RAILWAY.—The Brighton Rail-
way interferes with the Merstham Tramway; and the railway
company are bound, under their act, to purchase the whole
of the tramway, from Croydon to Alerstham, at a price to be
ti 1.:;1 trt arbitrators mutually chosen. The arbitrators have
made their award, and the railway company are now in pos-
session of the tramway. We understand that the claim made
by the tramway company was no less than £42,000! and that
they employed counsel to substantiate their claim; but the
arbitrators awarded only £9614. So much for exorbitant
demands !—Railway Times.
RAILWAY FROM MANCHESTER TO THE HUMBER,—We
learn that a survey of the proposed line from the Sheffield
and Manchester Railway, near Penistone, to the Humber, is
now proceeding, under the superintendence of Mr. Locke--
Sheffield Iris.
frusta APPOINTMENTS.—Viscount Duncannon has been
appointed lieutenant of the county and city of. Kilkenny, in
the room of the late Marquis of Ormond; and the Hon. John
Carlow, in
B in tratzrom
oonPoofnsvo,inschoyu,
nittepotuenneaanutnoonf
.theßiccohuanrtd.y
Rot:
Fitzherbert, Esq., has been appointed vice-lieutenant for
the county of Meath. —Dublin Packet.

i

MEETING OF THE INCORPORATED SOCIETY
FOR THE PROPAGATION OF THE GOSPEL
IN FOREIGN PARTS.

On Tuesday at twelve o'clock, a meeting of the members
and friends of the above society was held at the Music-hall
in Bold-street.
At the opening of the proceedings the attendance was but
scanty, but shortly afterwards the numbers were so far aug-
mented that the room was completely filled.
The Rev. Rector Brooks took the chair, in compliance
with previous arrangement. On the platform, and in its im-
mediate vicinity, we observed the Rev. Rector Campbell, the
Rev. Archibald Montgomery Campbell, Rev. Hugh Stowell,
Rev. Hugh M`Neile, Rev. -Fielding Ould, Rev. It. P. Bud-
dicom, Rev. John North, Rev. J. B. Monk, Rev. Robert
Davies, Rev Mr. Wray, Rev. James Hassell, Rev. C. Law-
rence, Rev. Mr. Leicester, Rev. R. Bold, Rev. T. S. Bow-
stead, Rev. Edward Oldfield, Rev. R. L. Townsend, Rev.
E. Bas,Leigh, Rev. T. C. Gladwin, Rev. R.
Gardner Rev.. C. Morrell, Rev. W. Hesketh, Rev. J. H.
Stafford, Rev. R. L. Pain, Rev. J. Cheetham, Rev. John
Jones, Rev. J. Picton, Rev. P. Crawford, Rev. R. Appleton,
Rev. T. Hatton, Rev. R. Wiser, Rev. William Maynard,
Rev. Dr. Tattershall, Rev. W. Gibson, and several other
clergymen • Messrs. Adam Hodgson, I'. B. Horsfall, David
Hodgson, 'W. Jones, J. B. Clough, Cyrus Morrell, C.
Groves, T. Porfer, Samuel Holme, and others.
At the request of the Chairman, the Rev. Rector Campbell
opened the meeting with a short and appropriate prayer.
The Rev. CHAIRMAN said, in opening the business of the
day, he would concisely state the object of the society, and
the reasons which induced them to make a general appeal
throughout the kingdom at the present moment. He believed
he was right in conjecturing that to the majority of those pre-
sent this society bad, till recently, been unknown. He must
suppose that the people of this town were entirely ignorant of
its merits, or he was confident there would have been a much
larger attendance. Its claims to the sympathy of the people
at large, but more particularly to those of the national church,
were very great, as it had extended its influence over the
greatest part of the known world. That influence had com-
menced in North America, and extended to India. Its claims
had, for a length of time, been acknowledged by the govern-
ment, and during a number of years a sum of money was an-
nually voted for the propagation of the gospel, the govern-
ment making this society its almoner in the expenditure
thereof. For reasons and motives which it did not fall within
his duty to investigate, this amount had been withdrawn by
the legislature, and unfortunately it was withdrawn at a time
when it was more than ever wanted, from the claim upon their
exertions in the East and West India Colonies and in Aus-
tralia, to the Protestant inhabitants of which they ought to
feel an interest in communicating that Word which was so
much required. When their preens was so much reduced,
they bad only one of two alternatives,—either to give up the
work in despair, or to appeal to the liberality of the great
mass of the people of this country. lie hoped all those who
were assembled there that day would feel bound to support,
by their contributions as well as by urging the consideration
of their friends, a society which had been the means of esta-
blishing the hierarchy of the Church of England in the East
and West Indies, in North America and in Australia. The
rev. chairman concluded by calling upon the Rev. Rector
Campbell to move the first resolution.
The Rev. Rector CAMPBELL having read the resolution,
(for a copy of which, as well as of all the other resolutions,
we refer to the advertisement,) said, as he was sure his name-
sake, the secretary for the parent society, would have much
interesting information to give them, he would not trespass
long upon their time. He would confine himself simply to
the proposition, that the society was entitled to the cordial
support of every consistent Churchman. He would endea-
vour first to obviate the preliminary objection taken by some,
that they ought not to expend their means on foreign missions,
when they had so many calls at home. He would not under-
estimate the responsibility at which this observation was di-
rected, as he wished they were more awake to the necessity
and propriety of building schools and edifices for worship, as
the citadels and strongholds of religion. (Cheers.) He
wished they were able to produce funds sufficiently ample
to enable them to pay efficient clergymen to act as school-
masters to the people. But he could not admit, that because
they had to preach the Gospel at home, they were not to
preach it abroad. They must not, because they had one
duty to do, neglect another. If they were well supplied with
the good things of the Gospel at home, it was not proper that
they should neglect others who were not equally blessed;
they were rather bound to suffer every one, as far as possible,
to partake of the crumbs which fell from the rich man's
table. It was said, " Why waste your money on foreign
objects, when there is so much to do at borne ?" They were
not foreign objects—they were national objets; rit was
their wish to send the light of the Word to tc hosewho were
obliged to leave this country to seek their subsistence on a
foreign shore. They wished to spread the doctrines of that
.pare church which was established here; to preach that true
Protestant and tolerant Christian Church with which we
were blessed; to distribute that excellent book of Common
Prayer • to diffuse that form of worship which we reverence
as the best encouragement to practical holiness and charity
in this life, and the sure guide to brighter worlds than this
beyond the grave. He thought they of the Church of Eng-
land ought to be animated by a feeling of holy jealousy,
when they saw what was done to promote the spread of its
doctrines in foreign parts by the Church of Rome. (Hear,
and cheers.) He was not going to enter into the discussion
of the Popery question : he would be sorry to take that out
of abler hands. (Loud cheers.) When they' considered the
situation of the clergy in Canada—when they were told that
the British government paid from £5OO to £l,OOO per annum
each for the support of Catholic bishops abroad, he hoped
the Protestant clergymen would not be permitted to starve;
and if the government would not take care of the clergy, he
hoped the people would do it themselves. (Cheers.) He
earnestly requested that each of them would contribute to
this society according to the power which they possessed.
As treasurer to the society for this district, he urged them to
contribute in annual subscriptions, which would be received
in any amount, according to the ability of the subscribers.
(Cheers.)
The Rev. ARCHIBALD MONTGOMERY CAMPBELL, secre-
tary to the parent society, in allusion to, the latter part of the
speech of the reverend Junior rector, said, from no town in
the empire had the society received more support than from
Liverpool. The particular reason for which the society had
desired him to attend this and other meetings was detailed in
the report. The question was whether the great colonial
empire of Britain should be Christian or Infidel—whether in
those dominions Christianity should be taught in any form
whatever, he meant in any form but according to that of the
Church of Rome. The present period was a crisis in which-
ever direction they turned their attention. If the crisis ter-
minated favourably, it was well, but if unfavourably, Christi-
anity would be totally extinguished. He need not: say how
this applied to Canada. A new constitution was in course of
formation there, and if a provision were made for religion it
was well: if not, it would be an opportunity suffered to pass
away, the advantage of which could not be regained, With
regard to Australia there was a crisis there also, from the
changes that were to take place in respect to sending, con-
victs. In the Wes; Indies the emancipation of the negroes
had caused the commencement of a new epoch which ren-
dered the present moment a crisis as regarded those colonies.
This was almost a most important and interesting epoch in
India, which urged them to rise and be doing in that land.
The subject had been spoken of for a whole century without
anything material having been done for religious instruc-
tion. It ought to be that the first thing provided for a
colony should be religious instruction. With the first ship-
load of colonists, there should be not only a governor and
officers, but a minister to support and comfort them. As the
colonists increased so ought the number of those who could
administer to their most important wants, their spiritual wel-
fare, to be increased also. This had always been admitted
to be the duty of the government. By the Canada act one-
seventh portion of the land was set apart for the benefit of
the clergy. The rev. gentleman here gave an outline of the
history of the progress of the clergy in Canada during the
war. The clergy reserves, he said, had not yet been pro-
ductive, but they were a rich store in prospective. The go-
vernment made annual grants of money for their support till
the amount reached £16,000. It had been argued that the
people of England were not called upon to pay for the reli-
s instruction of the people of Canada out of their taxes.
This on a first glance looked plausible enough, but those who
thus reasoned left out of sight that the money was not paid
for the instruction of those long resident in Canada, but for
British emigrants. (Hear.) Not for those settlers who went
out 50 or 200 years ago, but for theircountrymen, who, to the
number of 500,000, every year, emigrated to those colonies.
Many of them were sent out at the expense of their respective
parishes in this country to those places where land was
abundant, and labour wanting. It was a difficult thing to
say that we should send out our superabundant population,
and that the settled colonists ought to provide them .with
schoolmasters. They were sent there to save our own
pockets, and the religious provision for them was a debt
which we were called upon to liquidate. They were sent
away from us because we were peopled ; we sent them away
from all that was dear to them, and we would refuse to let
them have that which was most dear, the means of edification
and grace. The Bishop of Nova Scotia had stated the dif-
ficulties which were to be contended with from the want of
clergy. They were followed, by fathers of families, who with
tears in their eyes begged of them to furnish pastors.
One man, a father of a family, who had been bred
a Presbyterian, begged him to send a clergyman to save
his children from infidelity, for he had not been visited
ky a teacher of religion for twenty years. (Hear, hear.)
The Roman catholics were taking advantage of this state
of things, and numbers, for want of protestant pastors, were
becoming members of the church of Rome. The result would
be, that they had founded a mighty empire, the people of
which were Britons in blood, but different in religion ; it
would be an empire godless and worthless. There might
be a few scattered efforts made to keep alive the true faith,
but nothing effectual. (Hear.) In Newfoundland the state
of things was even worse than this, and it was the same in
Australia, with this difference, that there were convict colo-
nies there. We, for our comfort and satisfaction, sent our
felon population to found an empire in Australia. The rev.
gentleman alluded to the parliamentary documents under the
late inquiry, and asked those who had read them if they had
ever conceived anything worse than the state of those colo-
nies. We kept sending out annually six thousand felons to
Australia. We did not allow those colonies to mend. As it
was remarked by Judge Coleridge, we did not allow the
ferment to purify itself, but kept adding largely to it by new
materials of corruption. The rev. gentleman went on to ex-
press his satisfaction that it had been decided to keep the
e
felons in our own country. He believed would
that it might have been as cheap to build churches and
schools to their instruction as to keep them in penitentiaries.
The Rev. gentleman made allusion to a passage in a speech
of Lord Brougham, which, he said, displayed the most un-
qualified ignorance. Lord Brougham had stated in the
most positive language, that all the religious instruction in
the West Indies bad been communicated by others than those
connected with the church. He did not think this figure of
speech (hear and a laugh) was an intentional misrepresen-
tation, but he believed it to be the result of profound and
utter ignorance. (Hear.) Mr. Campbell next proceeded
to give a sketch of the progress of religious instruction in
India, Since 1813, he said, religious education had made
some progress in India. The Hindoos were taught at the
Hindoo colleges; they learned English, and with a know-
ledge of English literature came a knowledge of religion. In
allusion to Rammahun Roy, the rev. secretary said he thought
the christianity of that individual problematical, because he
knew that he had said, when he wished to send his son to
England for education, that he did not like to entrust him to
the care of any of the sects who bad offered. He did not
like to entrust him to the Baptists, for they would make a
Baptist of him; he did not like to entrust him to the bishop,
(the learned and pious Bishop Heber,) who had offered to
take charge of him, because he would cause him to become
a member of the church of England. "1 do not want him
to be brought up in any sect," said he, "I want him to learn
bow to make a steam-engine." (Hear, hear.) The society,
instead of flinching, was prepared to double its expenditure,
by .3,,t.tbeygnate. Great Britain. The present call
-es.— ft '115tt2.11 ee. 13V—The archbtemv-tretre

was made, in the nrst
bishops, and by them through the deacons to the clergy, who
were requested to urge the cause upon the attention of their
congregations.
The resolution was put by the Chairman, and carried
unanimously.
The Rev. R. P. Bun DICOM proposed the second resolution•
The Rev. M. Campbell had stated that there was a crisis in
the affairs of the great colonies to which the resolution al-
luded. Military men had stated that in every battle there
was a point of time and circumstances which they called the
Crisis. All the event hinged upon that point, and it was then
that every exertion ought to be used to bring the conflict to
a successful issue. He thought we were arrived at that time
with respect to the colonies, and it was now time, when the
Catholics were already making such efforts, for every indivi-
dual in this Protestant country, as well as the clergy, to use
their best exertions. He had read a letter from the Arco-
deacon of Newfoundland, who mourned over the decay of
Protestantism in that place; for, while they could not get
any help for the Established Church, there bad just been a
grant of eleven acres of fine land, for the purpose of building

a cathedral, a palace, and a monastery for the Catholics.
The reverend gentleman concluded by an earnest appeal to
the assembly to support the society in their efforts.
The Rev. HUGH INl`Neroir rose to second the resolution,
and was loudly cheered. He said, the resolution which he
had been requested to second affected two facts, and des-
cribed a duty as resulting from these facts. The facts were,
first, that the government grant had been withdrawn from
the society, and, second, that the society had undertaken to
contribute towards the maintenance of forty additional cler-
gymen : and the duties described as resulting from these
facts were, that all who wished to preserve Protestantism in
Canada, should supply, by voluntary contributions, the defi-
ciency caused in the society's funds by the withdrawal of the
government grant. If he rightly apprehended the two ob-
jects of the meeting, it was to press on every individual pre-
sent his or her share of this duty. And further, by means of
the report of the meeting, to influence in the same way such
as were not there present to hear the statements made. It
had not been deemed sufficient merely to state the facts in
calling the meeting; a design was manifested from appeal-
ing and urging from those facts • and surely with the resolu-
tion before him, approved by their respected secretary, he
should not be travelling away from the subject—he should
not be going out of his record, as the lawyers expressed it, if
he endeavoured to appeal to these facts stated in the resolu-
tion; first, that the government grant had been withdrawn,
and, second, that the society had undertaken to contribute
towards the support of forty clergymen. But before he ven-
tured to touch on such an agitating topic as the withdrawal
of the government grant from the society—before he ven-
tured to allude to the Christian wisdom of the increase of the
grant, or the anti-Christian folly of its determination, (hear)
he wished to meet and to repel the slanderous objections by
which they would be assailed at home, as turbulent intruders
into public political matters. He was glad to have an oppor-
tunity of so doing, before that large and respectable assembly
of his fellow townsmen—he was happy to say so enlarged
since the chairman had first addressed the assembly, that his
complaint had ceased respecting the then attendance, and
was turned into a congratulation at their full room. (Hear.)f
Now, if it were desirable to maintain true religion at all,
whether in England or in the colonies, then it was equally
desirable to use the proper means for so doing. It was en-
thusiasm in its most objectionable sense, to expect ends with-
out means; while it was practical wisdom to anticipate that
if means be fully used, the appropriate ends would follow.
What, then, were the legitimate means to be used for the
maintenance and propagation of true religion? He thought
they were of a twofold character : first, the statement of truth,
and, second, the exposure of falsehood. This twofold cha-
racter bad marked the labours of the faithful servants of God
from the beginning. The father of the faithful himself was
not only a witness for the true God, but also a witness against
idolatry. Moses was not only an inspired advocate for the
delivery of the Israelites from bondage, but also the inspired
censurer of the king of Egypt. The prophets were not only
the advocates of God's word, but also the sharp rebukers of
governors. John the Baptist was not only a preacher
of the word of God, but a reprover of vice—so sharp
and pungent in the case of a king and queen, that he lost
his head in the service of God. Our Lord Jesus Christ was
not only a teacher of truth, but a controverter of falsehood.
His ministry contained a series of controversial discussions
against the Sadducees, who, not knowing the power of God,
nor the principles of truth, denied the first principles of reli-
gion; against the political fraud of the Herodians, who tried
to entangle him in his talk, and against the hypocrisy of the
Scribes and Pharisees, who magnified the traditions of men
into religious commandments, and thereby made void the
commands of God. The inspired Apostles were controver-
sialists: they were not sent to speak the truth directly—they
were not only scrupulously appointed to feed the flock of God,
but they were also watchmen called to warn men of the dangers
they had to encounter on earth. He need scarcely say that
these things were written for their learning. Every true
Evangelist was compelled therefore also to become a contro-
versialist; and for this simple reason, that not only was true
religion not natural to man, but falsehood, in some one or
other of its shapes, was natural to man. True religion meet
not only with one indisposed to receive it, but with a pre-oc-
cupied soul; they had, therefore, not only to plant what was
right, but to root up and pluck out what was wrong. There
was no new thing under the sun. They were at that moment
surrounded with the counterpart of the ancient Sadducees,
who not knowing the scriptures, nor the power of God, de-
nied the very statements of true religion; they were also sur-
rounded with Herodians, who desired by raising a cry of po-
litical parsons to neutralize their advocacy, when they could
not answer their arguments.—(Hear.) They were also sur-
rounded with Pharisees and Scribes, who having no spiritu-
ality, and yet desiring to have a character for religion, maw
nified man's traditions into religious duties, pressing them
upon human authority, and by these traditions of' men making
void the glorious gospel of the grace of God. What should
they do then ? Should they refrain from all controversial
testimony, and so leave matters alone, or should they modify
their testimony, and then dignify their temporising trem-
blings with the name of discretion and prudence? Should
they become useless in order to remain peaceable? Should
they withdraw the pungent controversial testimony to which
they were called, and become really traitors to their God, in
order that they might continue apparently charitable.amongst
men? Their repudiating all such things was utterly un-
worthy of them. Should they stand forward and speak out?
Should they maintain their cause boldly against all those sur-
rounding mischiefs, against the sneer of the scoffer, showing
how little argument he had for it, against the sneer also of the-
wily politician, and refusing their statement to render unto
God the things that are God's, seeing that their glorious mas-
ter bad said also, render unto Caesar the things that are
Caesar's; and also against the Pharasaical formalist and
Scribe, who could change the simplicity of the word of God,
for the cold and stupifying and wordly paralysis of the tradi-
tions of men. He thought their course was fixed; they in
effect had but one course ; their course was plain, they were
put in trust for the defence of the gospel, and as ministers of
the church, he conceived they had but one course. They
came then to those facts stated in the resolution, that from a
society whose sole and glorious object it was to propagate the
gospel of Christ in the colonies of Great Britain, the govern-
ment of Great Britain had withdrawn all national support,
or nearly all. He said nearly all because there remained a
paltry residue, of which he must say that the residue was as
characteristic of cowardice as the taking of all the rest was of
meanness. He now referred to a part of a speech spoken in the
House of Commons—and admirably well spoken—by M r.Par-
tington. (The rev. speaker here read a long extract from Mr.
Partington's speech, stating the first origin of the Episcopalian
Church in Canada, and that one-seventh of the Canadas were
then set apart as clergy reserves. This, though more than
required if the lands had been cultivated, and made to yield
a return ; from the lands not being so cultivated, was not
found sufficient, and a grant for the propagation of the
gospel was made to the extent of £16,(X0 per annum. This
was continued till 1832, when it was repealed, and ordered to
be gradually reduced by £4OOO per annum, and it had been
so reduced till 1835, when it would have ceased, but the go-
vernment found, if they carried out the restriction, the distress
caused thereby; and the public indignation would be so strong
that they did not dare to take it away.) This was what he
alluded to as characteristic of cowardice. If they thought
their vote right, why did they not carry it into execution ; if
they did not like to carry it into execution, why did they not
boldly set it aside, instead of doing it sub silentio. This was
what he called cowardice. Mr. Partington having made this
statement, proceeded to say, " I cannot suppose that her
Majesty's ministers have been actuated by anything like
hostility to the Protestant Church in Canada, but I believe
them to have acted incautiously." He was willing to make
the utmost allowance for parliamentary courtesy. He ad-
mired too, exceedingly, the avowal of their reverend friend
the secretary of the society, who had designated—what cer-
tainly wore a strange appearance in a man whose boast was
universal knowledge—as a form of speech, or as ignorance, a
statement to which simpler minds, giving the noble lord
(Brougham) credit for understanding a subject on which he
had been inquiring for many years, would have designated
with a very different word. He would not name it, but it
was impossible not to think it. Parliamentary courtesy did
not say what it thought, but it very oftea thought what ought
to be said; and he wanted them to think what ought to be
said, though he should not say it. (" Hear," and laughter.)
He did not believe that her Majesty's ministers had any ab-
stract hatred of Protestantism, or any abstract love of I'o-
pery, but he did believe that her Majesty's ministers loved
place better than Protestantism. (Loud cheering and clap-
ping of hands.) He supposed that if they could retain their
places by doing Protestant acts they would prefer it; but
when it came to the point, and they must be either pro-papists
or ex-ministers, then it was their pocket and not their con-
science—no, it was not their pocket, but it was their con-
science that was discovered to be composed of squeezeabie
materials. (Loud cheers and laughter.) One of them, a
noble lord, with whom they had specially to do in the busi-
ness before them, a noble lord who presided over the destinies
of the colonial interests of this mighty empire, in all the dig-
nified composure and tranquillity of a gentle and graceful
slumber—(laughter)--this noble lord was reported in the
public prints to have said, at a meeting of a religious society,
that " he left his religion behind him when he went to the
senate, and he left his politics behind him when he came to
the platform." This was, undoubtedly, a most convenient
course. Who had not heard of " two faces under a hood ?"
(Laughter.) This was a perfect illustration of the two
master mischiefs in the land—politics without religion,
and religion without politics. (Loud and continued cheering.)
Against such men, the wily politicians of the Roman court
found it easy to prevail, and they bad prevailed so that in the
language of Mr. Bettridge, already more than once alluded
to, the Romish church, in Canada, had two bishops paid by
government, the Roman Catholics forming but a small part
of the population, while to their own church the right of
having a bishop was distinctly refused. How could the
church of Rome prevail better? They knew how to advance
quietly ; they knew how to be content with instalments. It
would be sufficiently mortifying to them as members of the
national church to find men giving to anything but to the
church; but the mortification was deeper when the thing so
preferred was the accursed thing —the thing denounced of
God as hateful to him and as productive of ruin to fallen
sinful man. The Papal system was based on the assump-
tions of a sinner of the offices of the Saviour. A bishop of
the Christian church, instead of living contented in subjec-
tion to the temporal powers ordained of God, availed himself
of his metropolitan position of influence, assumed in troub-
lous times authority for himself, extended his influence by
means of that position and influence which connexion with
the metropolitan gave him, and trained the consciences
o' men by a bold and blasphemous mis-interpretation of
scripture, in order to back up his aggressions of ambition,
and turned them into engines of tyranny; and he has con-
trived by the most consummate skill to get his usurpation
conceded as a mere speculative opinion, and to get his tem-
poral dominion defended in this most thinking laud, by argu-
ments against intolerance. The Bishop of Rome had suc-
ceenendseedieninee.raHiseinhgadinsu halfeei se
eodwe nd
ibne hget t tnhge
tchrey
cryo f liberalityf
s ho
men in favour of liberality to help on him who was against
all liberality. Why was this remarkable phenomenon, that
this greatest of all tyrants, this commander of thanksgivings
and striker of medals for the destruction of Christian's,
should be so defended? He was uttering in English ears
words of charity and love, and prevailing on English minds
to quietly submit to their doctrines as if they were mere spe-
culative opinions; until at last having obtained some sup-
porters, and won others, he will at last assume a different po-
sition, throw off the mask, and turn round and say—" Now,
through your folly you have put me here ; you have hailed
me in the colonies and at home; I told my people to cry
liberty to you, to lead you to "deal heavy blows" to your
own Protestantism (cheers), but now, I have you; now I
am on the vantage ground from which you cannot dislodge
me; now look to yourselves for tyranny is in my heart; it
was always there, but in my hands was gentleness and in
my tongue wascharity and you know me not." 'Phis sounded
very uncharitable against the whole Romish system. It the
a system which spoke lies in hypocricy, and that was the
reason now that Englishmen with (all their knowledge and
pride, with all their national attachments they were so en-
Weis- run away with by the word "liberty," that even when
rained as a decoy,by the Pope, off they went after "liberty"
—(cheers)—now there was another fact referred to in 'tbe'-'
resolution ; it was that the society although shorn of a portion
of its funds by the withdrawel of the government grant, had ne-
vertheless undertaken to contribute to 40 additional clergymen
in the colonies, to do what? to preach the gospel of the grace
of God, and to execute the ordinances of the church of God ;
to preach controversy as members and ministers of the
church, and the all perfect redemption of the Saviour of the
world; to err and testify that the doctrines of the church of
Rome were*` dangerous deceits" and " blasphemous fables,"
to testify that the pretence of the priest to sacrifice for the
quick and dead is a vain thing fondly invented, not to be
found in tho Word of God, but rather repugnant to it; to go
and testify that to bow the knee before the consecrated wafer
was nothing less than idolatry. Forty additional men, to go
forth healing the souls of a poor afflicted, distressed popula-
tion : a population consisting of what ?—consisting in a large
measure of emigrants from their own country; and he would
say, formerl' of Protestant emigrants from his own native
land; men driven from home by persecution, the worst used
men in her majesty's dotninions, really deprived of their
rights, under sold, or under bought, in the holdings of their

fathers for years. Catholics were instructed by the priests
to go and offer large rents at the expiration of the leases of
Protestants, which. to the disgrace of the landlords, bad been
in many instances accepted; the coming in Catholic tenants
being contented to live like hogs to pay this rent, rather
than, as Christians, in decency, as their Protestant prede-
cessors. But the landlords were finding out their mistake,
which had swelled the tide of emigrants by the very flower
of the Protestant Irish peasantry. It was to teach these
men that the 40 additional clergymen were to be appointed.
They asked the meeting to do out of their penury what the
government ought to do out of its abundance. It was fitting•
that the mischief should be probed to the bottom; and the
real state of the mischief laid here : the rulers of the land.
had not been taught their Christian duty. The young men
who had become senators, and so had become progressively,
rulers in the land, had not been taught what a Christian
senator's duty was. They had taught the people what their
duty to a ruler was—to obey people in authority; but the
rulers had not been taught what their duty to the people was.
(cheers). There had been preachers to tell the people what
they should do, but where were the preachers to tell the
rulers what they should do? (hear.) There were faithful
ministers throughout the land, who told the people their
duty, but where were the court preachers? He was com-
pelled to ask, where were the Bishops, to tell the ministers—
to tell the Queen, what their duty was to the people of this
realm? (Loud cheering, and a cry of Dr. Hook.) He did
not know whether it would be revelant to the question before
the meeting, to allude to that observation, but he confessed
he was only restrained from the propriety of the case. He
would most gladly avail himself of the opportunity thus
afforded of bearing witness against the ball and halt testi-
mony which even that celebrated testimony contained,
(cheers). For while he saw there a distinct and discrimi-
nating reference to history, and a clear statement of the true
succession Queen her responsibilities as a Queen, or her per-
sonal duty as a Christian to lean upon Jesus only. He never
told her to trust in Jesus only. It, was a deficient testimony,
and still he asked—" Where wete the teachers to tell our
rulers their duty to the people ? (Loud cheers and clapping of
hands, amidst which the rev. gentleman resumed his seat.)
The resolution was put from the chair, and carried unani-

mously-
Mr. T. 13. Ilonsra IA moved the third resolution. He said,
there had a mighty change taken place in the colonies of
the West Indies. If the experiment were successful, it would
unfurl the banner of liberty over the whole world; if it failed,
it would strengthen the hands of the slave-holders wherever
slavery existed. Mr. Horsfall proceeded to advocate the
cause of the society. He alluded to several letters, bearing
dates to the 11th of August, which gave extremely favourable
and encouraging accounts of the practical working of the new
system in the West Indies. One correspondent expressed
his opinion, that the negroes would perform t,ice the work
under the new system of remuneration, that they did under
the old one of slavery. Another correspondent informed Mr.
Horsfall, that where the negroes had not gone to work, it was
in consequence of the overseers having offered wages that
were too low. Mr. Knibb, he believed, had caused the ne-
groes.to require wages as much too high as the planters had
offered too low; but, he believed all would be satisfactorily
adjusted. He attributed the good order that had prevailed,
entirely to the efforts of this society. Mr. Horsfall concluded
by reading and moving the resolution.
The Rev. HuG id STOWELL seconded the resolution in a
speech of some length. Ile suggested the establishment of
colleges in the West Indies for the education of negroes who
should preach the Gospel in Africa in their native language.
Mr. CAMPBELL informed the meeting, that it was the in-
tention of the society to carry into effect something similar
to the proposition of Mr. Stowell.
The resolution was put and carried.
Mr. ADAM HODGSON proposed the fourth resolution which
was seconded, with a few words of comment, by the liev. F.
OUL D.
Mr. BENJAMIN SADDLER moved a vote of thanks to the
Chairman, which was seconded by the Rev. C. I'. GLAnwi N.
The Chairman responded, and the meeting broke up about
half-past three o'clock.

MINISTERIAL PROSPECTS—PUBLIC
OP IN lON.
( From the Dublin Evening Mail.)
According to wont, we arrange under this head the
sentiments of prints and parties opposed to our own
political views, in order to display, that on one politi-
cal question, at least, there exists a perfect unanimity
in the popular mind—and that question is, the merits
and existence of the Whig cabinet.
Tait's Edinburgh Magazine is a very influential
and able periodical. It is Radical to the back-bone.
As long as there was a peg in the Cabinet on which
an honest Radical—perhaps we should rather have
said Liberal—could hang up his hat without blushing
for the disgrace, Tait was the friend and advocate of
ministers. .
Where is he ranked now ? Not, certainly, on the
Tory side, but " on a hill apart"—where he scrutinises
the measures of his former friends, and passes sen-
tence of death and execution on them :
" The whip„-tort' ministers," quoth he in his last number,
" must stand or fall together. The tories, like men of sense,
shun and disdain alliance with persons so hopelessly da-
maged; and no acute, forecasting liberal, who is merely wise
in his generation, and has any little character to risk, would
take office in so rickety a cabinet. Nor can Lord John
Russell and Lord Melbourne save that most fickle of all
earthly possessions—the favour of a young queen held by an
elderly courtier, who chances to be her minister, and for the
endurance of which he mutt tremble every day he rises. If
there be any difference, it is rather in favour of Lord John
Russell."

He accuses the Whigs of the manifold delusions by
means of which they obtained office and still endea-
vour to retain it; and contrasts the meanness of their
conduct in this respect with the candour and consis-
tency of the Tories:—
" To those real, though very, very moderate reformers,"
quoth he, " who persist in going over the old ground, and
using the old language of superstitious dread of the 'Tories,
we speak more in sorrow than in anger, when we inquire
how they vindicate their further trust, or place any hope of
good in men, who, imbecile to a proverb, have also shown a
reckless profligacy in their abandonment of their principles,
unparalleled since the revolution. Tory governments, the
worst of them, at least possessed the vigour which placed
them above the necessity of practising such manifold deceits,
ending in the shameless desertion of the measures to which
they were solemnly pledged. How does it sound to hear, in
this extremity, the ministerial advocates, hired or voluntary,
bid them stand forth like men, and save themselves by the
adoption of some new principle of reform, such as ballot; or
more futile still from finality men—the reform of the reform
bill? The matter can only be reconciled in the view, that,
to keep their offices, it is imagined by such men as Mr. Ward,
ministers will at need do any thing—and hence, in the eyes
of reformers, their superiority to the Tories. They will do
any thing to which they can be compelled, while the Tories
would probably have the honesty and the manliness to resign,
as Sir Robert Peel did, to make room for Lord Melbourne
and his principle.'"
As an instance of the shameful desertion of princi-
ple by which the 'Whigs accommodate themselves to
office, he refers to the abandonment of the tithe ap-
propriation clauses, which they proclaimed to be the
sine gild non of a satisfactory settlement of the Irish
Church question, and the vital principle of their offi-
cial existence :
" They were pledged." says he, " as gentlemen, as well as
in their official capacity.. Lord Melbourne, in particular, the
chief of the cabinet, roused himself from his ordinary com-
placent mood of pleasant drowsihood, and displayed energy
foreign to his disposition, when the cause was merely public,
and not personally annoying. And how could he do less in
that question updn which he said his government was based?
Great pains were taken by ministers individually to proclaim
that, on the carrying their Irish bill, their existence as a
government depended ;' and we have all seen how much they
will peril and sacrifice in that dear cause—their official exist-
ence!—:accordingly, when Lord Lyot Lord Mndhurst inoved the des-
in
uction of the grand palladium, up gelbourne.
huge wrath. The proposition was almost a personal affront,
iu his peculiar circumstances. He declared that 'he would
not accept of the bill when deprived of the principle to which
he was pledged. He and his colleagues stood on that prin-
ciple. They stood on that to which they were pledged; and
[now mark the noble viscount's stalwart determination] if
they were not longer sustained in the maintenance of that
principle, they were ready to resign the offices they held !'
How we all crowed—poor simpletons, as the Tories called
us, and the Whigs thought us—at this brave declaration of
the premier. Here was a manly minister! Here was a
vigorous government!"
Tait is of opinion that it is their connexion with
Mr. O'Connell and Popery that, by leading them
through the slough of every infamy which a British
statesman should, anti was wont to, scorn, has so irre-
trievably damaged the character of ministers. The
Examiner, he says, first blabbed that the appropria-
tion clauses had been " extinguished" by the impera-
tive decree of Mr. O'Connell and the Irish members:
Mr. Ward has reiterated the charge, especially against
Mr. O'Connell, without contradiction :
" Is it then true," says Tait, "as the tories declare. that
the Irish chiefs make the British minister yield to the screw
as often as they have a mind ? But, above all, is it true that
the Irish chiefs forced Lord Melbourne to give up the appro-
priation clause, and carried that infamous tithe bill which the
Irish nation spurns ? O'Connell's choicest flowers of blar-
ney, and his direct denials of a fact so incredible cannot
blind his countrymen to the part he so openly acted in par-
liament in support of that bill, and its pleasant collateral,
the million; which last, however, more nearly affects us than
the Irish. But, if it be true that he was the instrument of
compelling the government to disgrace itself, and abandon
whatever was of value in the bill—namely, the assertion of
the great principle, that church property is public Property,
and to be dealt with as such—what then shall we say ? The
thing appears monstrous; and yet it cannot be denied.
The fact is reiterated; and O'Connell takes no notice of it.
It passes with Mr. Roebuck's, and now Mr. Sharman Craw-
ford's letters; and is, like them and Mr. Davern's epistles,
cushioned by all the Irish papers. that are under O'Connell's
influence."
We now turn to our old and honoured antagonist,
the Spectator, whom we find, in his last number, just
now come to hand, hat ping upon the very same string
touched by Tait in the foregoing extract.
"There is no one proceeding (quoth our Radical contem-
porary) which has created so much disgust in England and
Scotland, as the passing of a tithe bill, such as the Tories
would have given in 1835, without the appropriation; but
Mr. O'Connell, the leader in whose judgment, patriotism,
and integrity,' Mr. Yates and the Irish Liberal members rely
so confidently, was the foremost man, it seems, (we have the
high authority of Mr. Ward for the fact) who induced mi-
nisters to take this fatal step, and to carry a tithe bill which
Mr. O'Connell himself denounced as worse than any im-
posed by Turkish conqueror upon Christian slave. 'l'his is a
flagrant instance of the evil operation of the Irish influence
upon the measures and character of the administration.—
Another consequence of that policy which, but for the Irish
alliance, ministers could not have followed, has been the
secession of the masses in England from what is called the
Liberal party. A union with the great body of the English
people, on fair.terms, was practicable ; and no ministry could
have withstood it. Not only would an impassable barrier
have been raised against the Tories, but the Whigs would
have been foiced to proceed in the path of reform. -Instead
of which, t 1... a!, i.AA t6o pa n
to maishal against the English and Scotch reformers; and
the result is dissatisfaction and weakness, the certain return
of the Tories to power, unless the system be changed, and
their probable re-establishment in Downing-street and Dub-
lin Castle, in spite of every effort to repair the consequences
of past blunders and treachery.
" As to the vituperation of the Irish members, and the
fomenting of antipathies and jealousies, we beg to remind
Mr. Yates, that before Mr. O'Connell's entire subserviency
to the ministry and to more temporising expedients was dis
covered, he was warmly received in England and Scotland ;
that the nickname of 'Tory-Radical,' intended as an oppro-
brium, however silly anti pointless in its application, was not
invented on this side of the channel; and that the Irish
leader has ostentatiously repudiated all alliance with the
English Radicals, in the same letter which contains the de-
plorable admission that his own policy has been an utter
failure. Noduubt there is method in the madness of the
Derrynane fulmination; O'Connell sees that the English
and Scotch Radicals will nut any longer lend themselves to
a policy which produces no better fruit than salaries and
