TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD,

Sin, —An article having appeared in the Liverpool Albion
of this day, signed " A Daily Observer," with a view to
mislead public opinion in reference to an exhibition of
ancient and modern paintings now on view at the Lyceum
Rooms, in Bold-street, (and of which I am proud to acknow-
ledge myself the proprietor,) and more particularly the
Guino, which I again with fearless pride present as a flue
and indisputable-production of that great master, and one of
his happiest efforts. I, therefore, feel myself called upon, in
vindication of my honour, the protection of my just rights,
and, above all, to place myself upon a proper footing with
the public, in whose estimation I must for ever fall should I
allow the ignorant statements of this malicious, cowardly,
and unprincipled slanderer to pass unnoticed ;—clitvardly
inasmuch as he withholds his name, in order, nffl• doubt,
to cover himself from the obloquy and merited scorn which
this rash attempt, in the plentitude of his consummate
arrogance, has entailed upon him ; and what greater
proof can be quoted to show the imbecile quackery
of this snake in the grass than the admiration with which
this great work has been hailed by the admiring thousands
who have honoured it with their inspection, and more par-
ticularly the leading connoiseurs of this town, coupled with
the approval of one of the highest authorities in the land in
these matters; nor is this all, for out of the mouth of this
would-be assassin does he convict himself, for he tells us
" the Guido is painted upon coarse canvass ;"—of course it is,
such beiug the material of the time. " Dark"! To be sure
it is, the time being the approach of night. "Dirty"! How
wonderful that the accumulating dust of ages should pro-
duce such an effect ! "A second Daniel come to judgment !"
Feeling satisfied that the statements of Daily Observer have
emanated from a spirit of malice and envy, for the purposes
of doing me an injury and depreciating the value of the
above inestimable work of art, which, however, I have the
consolation of knowing will, under the shield of its transcen-
dent merits, continue to repel the puny shafts of all such
daily observers, I am, &c., L. J. HART.
Lyceum Rooms, Bold-street, 3d September, 1838.

BOTANIC GARDEN.—The display of plants; flowers and
fruits, at these delightful gardens takes place to-morrow; we
hope that the weather will be such as to induce crowds to go,
we need hardly give a recommendation to so delightful and
well known an exhibition.

We have authority to state that the Rev. Dr. Hook has
not been deprived of his chaplaincy, nor directed not to
preach in his turn at the Chapel Royal; nor has any notice
whatsoever been taken of any sermon which he may have
delivered there.—Morning Chronicle.

The portrait of the Queen painted by Mr. Sully, an Ameri-- ;
can artist, from the United States, is now exhibiting at Mr.
Goadsby's, in Bold-street. The attitute is strikingly original
and graceful. We should think the likeness to be-a flatter-
ing one, it will, at any rate, give Brother Jonathan a most
favourable idea of our liege lady. The painting is a decidedly
fine one, and is excellent in all but the hand and arm, in
which the artist seems to have completely failed. The dra-
pery is agreeably arranged, and the figure comes well out
upon the canvas.
THE SURGEON TO THE BOROUGH GAOL.—Mr. Forsbaw,
the late surgeon to the Borough Gaol having resigned that
situation, the office is now vacant, and several candidates are
in the field for the appointment. The appointment rests
with the Town-council, on the recommendation of the Gaol
committee. We understand that Mr. Charles Butler
Greatrex is one of the candidates. From what we have heard
of that gentleman's talents, and acquirements in his profes-
sion, and his deportment, if he should obtain the office he
seeks, the town will have been fortunate in securing his
services for an institution which calls largely on the time,
the patience, the kindness, and the talents of the practitioner
appointed.
PASSENGERS BY THE GREAT WESTERN.—Eighty-seven
passengers arrived in the "Great Western" of whom
the-
following is a list : —S. Geohegan, W. Beaswell, Luciana
Fornasari, Wm. Prehor, Mr. Currie, John Mead (servant),
Wellington Gordon, J. L. Payson, Mr. Juo. Siter, Mr.
' Langstreth, Mr. Mc. Cullock, Mr. Loudon, Mr. Steiger, D.
Mc. Dougall, Miss E. Mount, 'l'. C. Osier, C: Loeser, H.
Gondin, De Bie Leuden, J. R. Girond, Mr. Vandamme,
Mrs. Shewell, Mr. Geobegan's servant, Mr. Martinez; D.
Smith, Samuel Swartwout, CM. Gamble, Miss, Gamble, Mr.
B
Wedderburne, P. H. James, Mr. J. Keith, B. Dumageane,
Carl Bahr, Mrs. Prosser, two children of Mrs. Prosser,
servant of ditto, E. Scheuley, Mr. Lamont, Mr. Huggins,
Mr. Goodall, Geo. Coventry, Mr. Jno. Rutherford, Walter
Rutherford, Dr. Stewart, T. Rhodes, Mr. A. Proed, Mr.
Grimshaw, Mr. tlirandu, George Keith, Mr. Brown, J. A.
Dickson, J. S. Halstead, Mr. and Mrs. Moir, S. White
(boy), Thos: Cochrane, 'l'. H. Miles, Mr. Quarrel, servant
to ditto, B. Tilldue, W. Strickland, 'in, Chace, H. Meyer,
D. Stewart, Capt. Maitland, Capt. Williams, A. W. Pea-
body, Capt. Bagot, F. R. B. Broughton, Mr. Knight, Mrs.
Knight, Miss Knight, child (about three years), servant to
ditto, D. Kemper, J. J. Flagg, J. NPLauglin, L. M. Ca-
neaux, R. APlntosh, Johnson, Mr. Sparks, Miss Sparks,
Mr. Davidson, John Trerebat, pt. Hill.
BAZAAR.—Bazaars and fancy fairs appear to be daily be-
coming more and more in fashion. The chapel belonging to
the Wesleyan Methodists of Prescot, together with the Sun-
day School in that town, stood in need of restoration, if not
rebuilding, and the dissenters resident in that town and neigh-
bourhood resolved upon trying the experiment of a bazaar for
the sale of,fancy and useful articles, in aid of the required fund.
Wednesday and Thursday were accordingly fixed upon for
the sale, which took place in the Old Town-hall, a building in
every way appropriate for such a purpose. It was tastefully
decorated. The stalls were hung with blue and white, and
trimmed with flowers and crimson rosettes. At the head of
the room, a most delightfully-executed and very correct model
representation of her Majesty in her chair of state, as she ap-
peared at the coronation, was placed. The imitation was car-
ried so far as to have miniature jewels of the colour, and, in
some instances, the same material as those in the real diadem.
The stall-keepers were Mrs. Spence, sen., assisted by Mrs.
Nuttall, of Nutgrove, Mrs. Stanier, Mrs. Threlfall, Mrs.
Hughes, Miss Mayor, Mrs. Burnop, Mrs. Hume. Mrs. Spen-
cer, jun., assisted by a number of young ladies. The articles
offered for sale, which fetched fair prices, consisted of every
thing useful, and of an extensive assortment of the ornamental.
Some shell flower watch-cases which sold for £3. and £3. 3s.
each, attracted great admiration. Two knit quilts, the pro-
duction of Mrs. Spence, of Hartley House, Prescot, over
which a considerable portion of time had been employed,
were offered at £7. each. The shell-work was a present from
Miss M‘Gee, of Naas Hall. Mr. Leather, the surgeon, a young
artist, residing in Liverpool, contributed three productions in
the shape of some very well executed oil paintings; one re-
presenting the " Madona," was valued at £lO, and two views,
"The Lake of Windermere," and a winter piece, at £3. 3s.
each. A glass cut candle-shade, made for the Emperor of
Russia, was offered at £5. ss. The receipts on Wednesday
were above £125., and on Thursday £llO. The remainder
of the articles were disposed of by auction, on Friday, and
the üblic were admitted on that day at a reduced price.
Amongst the visitors present, we noticed Mrs. Dugdale of the
Dovecoat, Mrs. Rowson, Mrs. Willis, John Heyes, Esq.,
and family, Rev. Wm. Healey, Rev. Alexander Hume,
Joseph Ashton Esq.,*of Liverpool, Mrs. Platt, Mrs. Pem-
berton, Miss Afackin, Miss Chorley, &c. Stubbs' quadrille
band was engaged for the occasion, and their performance
added much to the general effect of the scene. The weather
was truly delightful, and the whole arrangements gave gene-
ral satisfaction.

Mr. Stone, the proprietor of the Duchess de Berry's noble
domain of Rosny, is stated to have sold it for 3,500,000 f. to
a company, which is about to break it up into small lots, and
to dispose of it in detail.
We are very happy in being able to state that Lord
Powerscourt is in a fair way of being speedily restored to
perfect health. This announcement will afford the most
sincere gratification to his Lordship's numerous friends and
constituents in this city.—Bath Chronicle.
A " female political union" has been established at Bir-
mingham, and at its first public meeting on Wednesday 750
members were entered.

SCOTCH THISTLE.—In the garden of Mr. Ingham, of
Stow, near Gainsborough, is a fine specimen of this beauti-
ful plant, bearing the large number of 101 flowers, and mea-
sur►ng six feet two inches in height.—Hull Times.
A circular has been sent round to the various dock-yards,
requiring, for the information of the Admiralty Board, the
character and qualifications of the clerks, with a view to as-
certain their eligibility to future promotion. We trust that
this step will not be made subservient to private ends, or,
what is worse, to political objects. ft is, however, well cal-
culated to answer both.—United Service Journal.

In one of the parishes, near the Royal Exchange, a pauper
now receives parish relief who formerly sat in the vestry to
relieve others. The man who had been his porter has been
overseer of this said parish, and had to relieve his aged
master.

CONUNDRUM.-Why is a newspaper like a tooth-brush?
D'ye give it up? Because everybody should have one of his
own, and not borrow nis neighbour's.—Montreal Courier.

„

:ir

- 41-
• • •
•I 4

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

PRESENTING A PISTOL TO OBTAIN ADMISSION AT TEM
THEATRE-ROYAL-At the Police-office, on Friday, a TO-
spectably-dressed young man, named Thomas Richardson.
was brought before Mr. Hall on the following charge :—The
prisoner, it appeared, presented himself on the preceding
evening, about half-past nine, at the pit of the Theatre-
Royal, accompanied by a female, and tendered five shillings
for admission. The money-taker, observing the female to
be one of depraved character, very properly refused, incon-
formity with the arrangements of the establishment, to admit
her into the pit, at the same time directing the attention of
the prisoner to a part of the house appropriated to the recep-
tion of the frail sisterhood. The prisoner was in a state of
intoxication, and insisted upon being admitted into the pit
together with his companion. Finding that he could not
effect his object, he became exceedingly violent, and left (he
house in a high state of excitement. In about half an hour
he returned, having in the meantime provided himself with
an auxiliary which he fancied would effectually accomplish
his purpose—to wit a large rifle pistol. He again demanded
admission, and was again refused, upon which he immedi-
ately drew the pistol from his pocket, and levelled it at the
bead of the obstinate money-taker. The checque-taker, ob-
serving his movements, came suddenly behind, and wrested
the formidable weapon out of his hand. He was immediately
given into custody. The pistol was not loaded. The prisoner,
through his attorney, Mr. Davenport, expressed contrition
for his folly, adding that he had just arrived in town front
Sheffield, where he is employed as a commercial traveller.
Mr. Hall commented on the disgraceful exhibition which be
bad made, and the correctness of the Theatre-Royal mane:
gers in preventing the intrusion of improper characters among
the respectable portion of the auditory. The prisoner ap-
peared sensible of his degradation. He was fined 5s for being
drunk, which he immediately paid, and, bowing respectfully
to the bench, left the court.
INFORMATION UNDER THE BUILDING ACT.-011 Friday
at the Police-office, Mr. Roberts, builder, was summoned be-
fore the magistrates on the information of Mr. Rushton, the
surveyor, for not putting limbers of proper strength into a
house he was building. Mr. Rushton stated, that the de-
fendant was building some houses at Toxteth Park, and he
was not putting in the timber of the proper size and strength
according to the 19th section of the act, but had got smaller
timbers and had nailed pieces to the side to make them of the
size required. Mr. Woods, the surveyor, corroborated 5e
information. The defendant said he was of opinion that the
timbers were stronger than required; and there were other
houses in the same street which had been allowed to have
the timbers patched up in the same manner. Mr. Rushton
said he had examined those houses, and they were nothing
-at all of the sort. The defendant was one of those builders
in the Park who was building to sell, and lie assured the
magistrates he had a great deal of trouble with him. The
defendant repeated, that others were permitted to build as he
had done, and he thought he had as much right as any one
to build so. Mr. Rushton explained, that about eight
months ago, a Mr. Hughes had one-joist in-a building barely
the required size, and on his complaining of it, Mr. Hughes
said, the fault was so very trifling, he hoped nailing a piece
on would remedy it. This had been done, and the joist was
now stronger than was required : but that was quite a differ-
ent case to the defendant's, he had six or seven joists, all
greatly too slender, and in order to patch them np to the re-
quired bulk he had nailed pieces of wood on both sides; and
they were now very far from being of the required strength.
Mr. Hall said the offences of others had nothing to do with
the defendant's guilt; but it was right to inquire into what
he had stated. There was nothing he hated so much as par-
tiality. In future, he hoped the surveyor would make every
person conform strictly as the act reqpired. The surveyor
said he should like the houses to be examined, for the defend-
ant was asserting nothing but falsehoods. He had told him
he must alter the joists, and he (defendant) had set him at
defiance. Mr. Hall : " Well, are you willing to alter it ?"
Defendant: "Oh yes, if I must alter it." Mr. Hall: "You
must alter it. How long will it take you to alter it ?" De-
fendant: "Two or three days." Mr. Hall: " W;, adjudge
it to be a nuisance and we allow you 7 days to alter it in. If
it is not altered in that time it must be pulled down."

COMICALITIES OF THE PCALICE COURT.—A female appeared
to complain against certain parties who had beaten her and
rolled her in the mud. In allusion to a young girl, one of
the defendants, she said, "She was so 'aspirated that she
threw a handful of slush at me,"—pointing to a bruise on her
face—" this is the way they served me this morning, and
yesterday-they came and attacked me the second time."—
Stevenson, a very active police-officer, complaining •against
a man who resided in a cellar, where he harboured a number
of notoriously bad lads, said, "He keeps a cellar for the ex-
ception of thieves."—P;olice-officer No. 8 having been ques-
tioned as to his certainty respecting something he had over-
heard from a prisoner, said, "Oh ! I am sure he said so; he
spoke it in a very laudable voice."—Another officer, who
could scarigy have known that line of the poet,
"-Move thee, solemn, sober-suited night,"
described Wednesday se'nnight as " a very intemperate
night." Two sailors were brought up for fighting on the
dock quay. They stated, that they had always been good
friends and comrades. Mr. Hall: " Such conduct is very
disgraceful. Why do you fight in this manner ?" " Why,"
said one of the tars, " we had a few words, and then we came
to blows, that 's all. It 's very hard if men can't fight when
they quarrel, if they choose."—A deaf man was placed at the
bar, charged with having stolen a bit of canvas from a vessel.
It was not without the greatest difficulty that the prisoner
could be made to bear. " Tell him," said Mr. Hall, "
if ever he comes here again I will punish him severely."
One of the officers bawled in his, hear. " If ever you come
here again, you'll be severely punished." There was no
reply. The officer bawled still more loudly, " What do you
say to that ? Will you ever come here again ? If you do,
you 'll be severely punished, the magistrate says." " Oh,
no," said the deaf man, "I 'll not come here again, if nobody
brings me here, I 'II promise that. I wouldn't ha' come now
only they brought me here; but I'll not come again if theN'll
.
let me stop away. Thank you, sir?"
A. Ca nTioN.—Eliza Hughes was placed before Mr. Hall,
on Saturday. Inspector Poole stated, that he had recently
received information of several children being robbed, as
they came from the Savings' Bank, where they were sent by
their parents, each Saturday morning, to draw small sums of
money. That morning (Saturday last) he put on plain
clothes, and went to watch in 80ld-street. He saw the pri-
soner loitering about the bank, and watched her. He saw
her accost four different children, whom she endeavoured to
induce to go to a back passage with her. At length she got
one little girl, and took her into the new arcade which was
building. He went to her and took her into chstodv. He
sent for two little girls, who had been robbed on the preceding
.Saturday morning, and, placing the prisoner with several
other women, he asked the children if they knew her. They
at once selected the prisoner as the person who robbed them.
One was a.child about seven years old. She told the little
creature, that she was its aunt, and thus got possession of-all
the money. Mr. Hall spoke in severe terms of the folly of
sending such young children for money. He thought the offi-
cers of the Savings' Bank ought to make a rule, that they
would not pay any money to children. The prisoner was re-
manded for further inquiry.

BEGINNING EARLY.—Yesterday at the police-office, a lad
about 12 years old was placed at-the bar, charged by police-
man 142 with being drunk. Policeman—l took this boy
into custody for beinc, drunk and creating a great disturb-
ance. Mr. Hall—Drunk!b Boy—He's a spite agin me;
he's olers a takin' me into custody. Mr. Hall—That boy
drunk? An inspectOl.—l have seen him repeatedly drunk.
sir, myself. Policeman—He was drunk sir, and made use
of very bad language. Mr. Parkinson said the boy had also
been in custody for felony. Mr. Hall—You are beginning
early. Pay ss. for being drunk; (a laugh) and in default,
to be imprisoned for three days in the Borough Gaol.
GLASS STEALlNG.—Yesterday at the police-office, a man
named Thomas Makin was placed at the bar, charged with
having stolen some glasses, the property of Mr. John Grey,
of the Rob Roy Tavern, Moorfields. An officer stated, that
between nine and ten o'clock that morning the prisoner was
offering two tumbler glasses for sale in Moorfields. He
examined the glasses and saw the initials J. G. attempted to
be ground out of the glass. He heard the prisoner say that
he had 202 of them to sell. He accordingly took him into
custody. The landlord of the Rob Roy identified the glasses
as his property. The prisoner had been in his house that
morning taking a glass of ale, before he, was apprehended,
and he (the publican) was of opinion that he had stolen the
glasses then. The evidence was ordered to be taken against
him, and he was remanded.

bPyolmicre.-ocffi. cAe,. aTmatae,n
grocer,naed
esstewradsay,
Thomas Williams charged et lie
with having robbed him of a loaf of white sugar, worth .28s
The complainant stated that his brother told him that The
prisoner was attempting to steal a loaf of sugar. He went
there and saw the man detained, and the sugar loaf besides
him. He asked him if he had stole the sugar, and why he
did it? He said he would never do it again, and begged
hard to be let off, going down upon his knees. A very in-
telligent lad, the brother of the complainant, said he saw the
prisoner coming out of the warehouse, with the sugar loaf
under his arm; as soon as he was certain it was his brother's
property he seized hold of the prisoner and' detained him.
The prisoner, with unabashed assurance, to the boy.—Didn't •
I ax you, ses I, where is that man gone ? Boy.—What
man? Prisoner.—He told me he wanted some sugar, and
pointed to your cellar. Boy.—You said nothing about a man.
Prisoner.--That man ses to me, pointing out that sugar,
" Take that," ses be, " an' I'll give you sixpence." A
young man, who assisted the complainant's brother in de-'
taming the prisoner, said that when he had been seized he
actually went down on his knees and asked him to forgive

him. Prisoner —When he axed me to tek the sugar, ftuk
it; I acteallv did ; I'm as hinnecent as the child unborn ;
I'm as hinnecent as a lamb. Mr. Hall.—He is a very im-
pudent fellow. Has he been tried before? Mr. Parkinson
said he had only been five days out of gaol. Prisoner.—l'm
as hinnecent as a lamb. Mr. Hall.—Let the infortpations
be taken.

STABBING.--Yesterday, at the Police-office, a female ser-
vant, named Harriet Albison, appeared to prefer a charge
against a boatman, named Arthur Smith, for stabbing her in
the head. A policeman stated that he saw the complainant
walking in Tithebarn-street the night before, when she was
met by the prisoner, who never spoke a word to her, but he
(policeman) saw him strike the gill on the head, and in an
instant he heard her scream out, and fall on some, steps, and
ask him what he had done that for. On going to her he
found she had been stabbed in the head.—The girl exhibited
her head, which had a large plaister across it. She said she
had formerly given evidence against the prisoner for robbing
the house where she lived, and for which he had been impri-
soned two tnonths.—The prisoner said he was going along
the street with his knife out eating some meat and bread,
when the complainant got hold of him, and he gave her a
shove, and told her to go away, he wanted nothing to do With
her, and his shove knocked her down on the'steps. He did
not know he had cut ber.—Mr. Hall said this was an infa-
mous thing. He must put an end to the use of these knives; _
it was an offence becoming much too common. The prisoner
must pay £5, including costs, or be imprisoned two months
in the borough gaol; and, further, find bail to keep the peace
to the young woman.
INDC6ENT CONDUCT.—Yesterday, at the Ponee-onare,.a
smith, named Robert Gallagher, was placed; at the bar,
charged with having indecently assaulted several females,
going to St. Nicholas' Church, on Sunday afternoon. Mr.
Griffiths, of the Athenreum New:room, stated, that about
a quarter before three o'clock on Sunday afternoon, the pri,
soner was in St. Nicholas' churcb-yard, and shoved him
(Mr. Griffiths) down the steps as he was going up to church.
He thought he was tipsey, and took no notice of biro; but
the prisoner immediately returned into the church-yard, and
seized hold of a female far advanced in pregnancy; and lifted
off her feet by the waist. He then put his nose under a
young lady's bonnet, and attempted to give her a kiss, and •
followed her into church, going into the same pew. He (Mr.
Griffiths) told one of the vergers, and the man Was turned
out, He (Mr. Griffiths) then told him he should give him
in charge, bath for assaulting himself and the lady, and..
called a policeman, to whom he gave the prisoner into cuS=
todl-. The prisoner said, he had got a little drink, and Went,
to St. Nicholas' Church, when they ordered him out. Mr. •
Hall said it was a most shameful thing ; ladies, going to a.
place of worship to be insulted by him in this manner; it
was a most disgraceful thing. He could hardily have thought
it possible that such a thing could have been done in Live
pool. Mr. Griffiths said, he thought it a very serious charge,,-
or he should not have come before the magistrates with it. •
Mr. Hall said, Mr. Griffiths had acted vets- properly, and -
fined the prisoner 40s. and costs, or be committed for one.
month to the Borough gaol.

WINDSOR CASTLE Horm..—The admirers °Ohs:delight-
ful art of bowling may have a splendid opportunity of grati
fying their curiosity to-morrow evening at the Windsor.rl
tle Hotel, when a cup will be contended fur on th,;.
attached. A dinner will afterwards take place,
have no doubt, from the well-known character ,
as an admirable caterer, will afford a ri' I.4„ft
visitors. "Mt ItS

-
•
,
•
.
. . Vottrg. A REFORMED MARRIAGE. SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.
STCOND El. l'l7lOlT. I „„iiipping Intcltigcnrc. .
_A
. (From the Cambridge Chronicle of September 1.) ____- ___-esaee--
vow --ea.
The first marriao4 at Cambridge unattended with MANCHESTER AUGUST MEETING. se--- FRIDAY, AUGUST 31.
ILLUSTRATIONS OF POPERY.-No. 2S e,
any religious ceremonial, took place at the superin- - Standard Office, Three o' Clock. SAILED.-Pactolus, Harding, for Philadelphia-Resolntion, For- 9
- ---eal3a--- rest. for Miramichi,-Mary, Gunton, Ilambro'-Elizabeth, Aken- fir,
The experiment of a two-days' meeting, in the month of
A PURCHASE FROM PURGATORY. tendant registrar's office on Monday last. Several
August, has been tried on the Mauchester race course this LIVERPOOL MARKETS. wall for Elsineur-Wilberforci•,Jackson. for Aftica-Colombian, Th
persons had assembled outside the office by the ap- Watkin, for Sidney, N. S. W.-Georgia, Davies, for New Orleans „al
year; but we imagine the success has not been suck as to in-
t 'There liv'tl a priest once-Father Jem- - Robertson, Neill, for Quebec-Naiad, Budd, for Messina and Pa- t-a,
1
' His church's ornatneet and glory, pointed hour, a quarter past eight, and considerable duce a repetition of the experiment. The attendance on both
CORN EXCHANGE, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4. lermo-Amelia, Lester, for Genoa and Leehorn-Colonist, Cow- (h,',
4 A famous hand was he-chem! curiosity was manifested to learn what were the forms days was extremely small, though the sport was tolerably _ man, for Sidney-Diana, Daniels, for St. Petersburg-Mary an,
e
. At clearing souls from Purgatory. used at the unusual proceeding about to take place, good. The following is a return of the running: We have a fair supply of Wheat Coastwise for this season,'
. Ann Halton, Gale, for Pictou, N. S.-Tremont, Hall, for Natchez ph
s and to see the couple who repudiated the sanctions of • ,r, .„. TII UR SDAY. and a large import of Oats from Ireland since this day week, -Norfolk, Curbe, for Revel-Arethusa, Turner, for Demerare and re,
t; He free'd so many-holy man ! etre v ICTORIA STAKES, with 100 SOVS. added by the brewers with continued fine weather, which has caused further reduc- Cayenne-Turbo, Beaucham, for Boston-Hoppett Runeberg, for brl
/ That it was long uncertain whether religion on entering into the divinely-appointed state r M
o anchester and the neighbourhood, to: a - Sweepstakes . . Revel-Funchal, Picken, for Newfoundland-Sulney , Cowen, for A
1 It would net be the wisest plan of Nedlock. of 15 sovs. each, 10 sovs. forfeit and five sues. only if de- tions in every article of the Corn trade. New Orleame-Thom as, Richardson, Trinidad__ .-..:_.-....,,,,,,4.-..eyee.e:-1....1-,.
. Pi
i To shut the place up altogether. At twenty minutes past eight the bride-and-beide- elated on or before the 20th- of' August. One rilil and a - Our market to-day was well attended from the countgy, and Great Western, (steamer) from New York, at Bristol, 30th Aug. ee
--'•-''''''"'"lffetittrwtritterViETT; -•- groom made their appearance, though we hat dly know - quarter. a moderate business transaeted in Foreign Wheats free at aatl2 at noon ; sailed 16th Aug. at 6 p.m. 38:
e And pious Jens well fee'd and feasted-
whether we are not guilty of some profanation in 9 4 Lord Eglinton's The Potentate, 6 yrs..(Thempson)
,I. reduction of Is. per 701b5., and in Irish Flour at a reduction yoarlkontreal, Griffin, and Gladiator, Briton, from London at New ea
. Than he-no matter what the sin- 812 Mr. fleseltine's Slashing Harry, 4 yrs...(Holmes) 2 ITO
usincs those rappellations with reference to such an oc- of 6s. to Bs. per 28011 s, 50s. to 525. a sack being the top price Charlemagne, Richardson ; Ville Dedezon, Stoddard, and Utica, ,
e Straight said his Paudereens and releas'd it. es 7 0 Sir 'l'. Stanley's b. c. Gasperoni, 3 yrs . (Neale) 3 Pell at ditto frc
11 That class his aid were sure to seek casion as this. The superintendent registrar briefly
• Five others started. Five having declared forfeit, pay five of the best marks; a small parcel of new Irish Wheat of in- Se'aman. Howes, and Exchange, Atkins, henceat Boston Ea
,', reminded the parties that, although the law would car- soy. each. sto 4 on Slashing Harry; 7to 2 against The
. Who wore the Virgin Mary's livery,* ferior quality sold at 7s. 3d. per 701bs. Rose, Flanders, and Cyrus, lit oodside. hence at Portland in,
f tainly recognise the civil contract they were just going Potentate; 10 te 1 against Cushneiehe.-'rbe Potentate took Grampus, Saywqrd, hence Gloucester he
Old Oats have declined to 2e 9d. to 3s. Id., and new to Caspian, Paten, and Gerard, Lambert, hence at Bath '
1 To them he promised once a week
A full and general "jail delivery." to enter into as a legal marriage, however devoid it the lead, was never headed, and won by only half a neck. •
The SELLING STAKES of 5 soya. each, with 30 boys. added. 3s. 4d. per 451bs, and Oatmeal to 235. to 245. per 2401b5. Acadian, James, hence at Halifax tic
fir
, He was, too, in his priestly way, was of outward ceremonial, they ought to regard the Three-year-olds to carry 7st. four, Bst. 21b.. five, Bst. 9ibe The week's imports of Butter from Ireland are 11,537 fire Marearet. Chalmers • Chieftain Deaves • Baraffshire Pitcairn •
Marga'ret, Blythe; Eliz'abeth Bentley, Robe'rtson ; Bluchet, Hoare, 11,
Neither severe, nor stern, nor mopish- ceremony am performed in the presence of God, and six and aged, Bst. 12ile.d-Winners once to carry 31b., twice, • ,
The spiritual Mllgrave of his day, kins 'I he demand has uot been so good, as consumers ex- and Cceur de Lion, Robinson, hence at Quebec an
• not to consider it less binding on their consciences 51b. extra.-One mile and a quarter. The winuer.to be •
ecittp,titoTp,
cturrch:b.se. on lower terms. Triumph, -, hence to New Orleans, was spoken 6th August, mi
Honester far but not so Popish. in lat. 33, long. 73 ar
than if performed at the altar ; and he begged them sold for £l2O, the owner of the second horse having the :
Helen Mar, Etlgai, hence at New Orleans wi
Wevejust now hinted, though, that he prior claim.
. i
...... a..
to reflect that, though he should make use of as few
Before he pray'd made one conditions- Mr. Langshaw's b. in. Theano, 5 Yrs (Liveslee) 1 a
47 01 'ca 4; 0 Riche'
hign, Barstow, hence at Charleston . , W
words as the law permitted, God was present in that 7or s s a s d ilexes, tm
(Neale) '2 Irish dried red .86.. 9 6 Irish.... P... Pr
Who sought his aid and brought no lee
place, a witniss of all that passed. Mr. Mostyn's ch. c. Grand Duke, 8 yrs .
rd Anderson, Lucas, huice at Baltimore ali
Gut from his reverence no petition! Mr. J. bsborne's b. g. Orcus, 3 yrs. (Whitby) 3 Do. dried white, 9 0 ran 9 CFLoun, ,tf' 280 His. Hope, Pearce, hence at Narraganset Bay. an
Now near this priest it came to pass The registrar then read forms similar to the follow- Six Eanglieh e A
others started. 2to 1 against Cantata, 3to 1 against DA, uneeiee,,,, 0 0
„„ 0 0 Eng.& Irish sup. 51 0.. 5- - Trenton, Bennett, hence at New York:7th Aug.
10 0..10 6 Do. fines .460.. 48 0 tit
There liv'd a griping idoliser, ing, the man and woman repeating them after him : - Ocmulgee, Leavett, hence at ditto Bth Ang. • to
Mr. Mostyn's colt, and 4 to I agaiust the winner.-Won in a
canter by several lengths. . - Canada OO.. 0 0 Do. seconds .... 42 0e.44 0 H. Thompson, Watkins, hence at'ditto, 9ili Aug
Who car'd not six-eence for a mass, " I, A B, do hereby declare that I know of no cause Oees, W 45 lbs
t . Do. thirds_ ... 10 0..22 0 Europe, Marshall ; Sarah, Glover ; Robert Morris, Thomas, and Ct.
ai.
A keen, thin, hard, rapacious' miser. or impediment why I should not take thee, CD, to A PLATE OF FIFTY SOVEREIGNS, for horses, &c. that never Irish
won that value.-Three yrs. old to carry iste four, Bst. 21b.; BARLEY, aj, 60 ms. Do. old - I) •• - 0 ' W. C Nye Sturtevant • Louisville, Palmer, and Aricaties, Miller, TI
And this old square-toes had a youth be my wife, to be joined together with .me in holy flee and upwards, Bst. 10-ib. Heats, one mile aud a quarter. Irish minding.. 56.. 5 8 BRIN• 117•24.1bs 13.• 1 6 hence a-t
ditk 14th Aue,e '
Who knew so well the cash to gather, az:
matrimony." • Mr. Arrowstnith's f. Margiavine 3 yrs... (W. Jones) 12 1 Lorena, Urquhart, and Sheffield, Allen, hence at ditto, Aug. 14th at
That he was often known in truth Frances Ann, Bay, hence for Calcutta, was spoken 28th July, in 20
The woman then made a similar declaration Mr. Harland's ch. c. 80-peep, b'y Ketaton, 3 yrs 01 2 AVERAGE PRICE OF BUTTER, Sec.
To overreach his knavish father. - lat 12 N. long. 26 W.
"I,AB, do hereby declare that I take thee, CD, Mr. Aetley's Chthero, aged . 00 3 bi
The miser felt unwell one day, Mr. Barrow's b. f. Remnant, 3 yrs '2 y‘ d u set 3 10)
d "aeon, tV Cwl .. 50 053 0 Banbridge s n "S D Cognac Packet. hence, to Pernambuco was spoken 29th July, fo
83 0 e9O 0 lat. 14 N. long 27 W. r
And, as his malady grew stronger, to be my wedded wife." Mr. A. Bower's b. f. by Timour, 3 yrs 3t) u Hams, dry
He sent for Father.lem to say The wornammade a like declaration. Six otheis started. • Won cleverly. Do. wet .-0.. - 0 Coleraine. - 0 Norval, Murray, from`Odessa, at Falmouth, and proceeded to 61
He'd do without his aid no:longer. "I,AB, do give thee, CD, this ring, as a pledge FRIDAY. Firkin Lard,.... 51 0.. 54 o,Carlow - BB 0.. 92 0 Liverpool. it
Jem felt a holy joy within of my affection and fidelity ! • THE CORONATION STAKES of 15 sot's. each, 10 sovs. ft., Bladdered d 0.... 60 0..66 01 Limerick . - 0 The Ajax, from Philadelphia, for this port, was taken into Hall- en
At hearing thus of Gripe's condition, "I,CD, do accept it as such." with 30 sovs. added, for two Yrs. old colts, Bst. 61b. ; filiies, Grease Butter ... 40 0.. 44 6 Belfast
Prime Mces Beef, Derry
80 0..91 0 Bruxeliois, Delvies, hence at Schelde ' le
fif
Who, anxious to compound for sin, • Bit. 31b.-Winners once to carry 31b.; twice, 51b. extra.-
er tierce, 98 0 _llO o.Cork, 2es -0.. - u Charles•Fardinatfa, Klenck, from Monte Video at Antwerp gi
Offer'd a liberal cult:position. The man, and afterwards the woman, then severally
T. Y. C. Prime Mess Pork, . !Newry. - 0 Alpha, Turner, from Buenos Ayres at ilelyoet tl
called upon the persons there present to bear witness Mr. E. Peel's b. c. Alzdorf (Whitehouse) I Lord Althorp, from Hambro' for this port, otl St. Alban's Hend.
He said he feared the wrath to come- dr barrel, 78 0.. 80 o,Dundal'i 0 .. - 0
.
. to the contract they had entered into. Mr. Smith's b. c. Margrave (Holmes) 2 'Sligo -0.. - 0 Australia, English, from Buertos Ayres and Rio Janeiro, at Deal, ti
, (Kind reader how St. Jem enjoy'd it !) Louisa, hence for Arichat. wits spoken 26 inst. lat. 57. long. 10. e,
And that he'd give a handsome anus The Registrar.-" The ceremony is ended." Mr. Worthington's ch. f. by Recovery (Leal ) 3
~ Sophia, Petrell, from Uleabore, for this port, off Dartmouth li
If he could through the priest avoid it. The parties then signed the register, and left the Mr. E. Buckley's ch. f, by Muley, and Behemoth paid.- ARRIVALS OF CORN. New ORLEANs, AUG. 7.-The United Stan s sloop of war Ontario, ~
3,,,t0 1
(die the winnes; won c,le,ver_,ly. by.‘a lt.,..ne,e.th. From the 28th August to the 3d Septembe inclusive. arrived off the S.W. Pass. 2a instant, sailed from Tampico 20th ;
His terse were stretch'd a sum or two- office, the whole business, from first to last, occupying
i lia vONVIVIAL oTAKES knanuieap) 01 nye sovs. each. lan- noasT- po- EAST July. Vera Cruz 232, and Metamoras 28th July. The port Soto p
(We wish a Yorkshire" Leg" had seen them !) about five minutes. three soya. ft. with 40 soya. added by the Publicans and DEsCRIPTION
' LAND wise, REIGN. INDIES• Marina was opened by the Mexican government and three A meri- hi
'At length, said Jew, " the thing will do ;" On our mindi the writing of the foregoing account their friends.-Twice round and a distance. • -
can vessels had arrived, two from New Orleans with valuable care (1
, And so the bargain closed between them. Wheat Qrs 838 4506 5344 goes. There is no prabability of tho Mexican governinent acced- o
has left an unpleasant feeling, as the bare perusal of st. lb.
And thus the miser made his end, -
6 11 Mr. Davies's St. Leonard, 3 yrs Barley
Malt Qrs. 355 113 . 468 ine to the demands of the French, and the blockade is carried on p
r
it will upon the minds of the vast majority of. our (Groose) 1 Oats . Qrs. 6653 110 6963 with great vigour, particularly towards American vessels. tl
And slipp'd away with slued compunction, 8 5 Mr. Hudson's b. f. Columbine, 4 yes..("thompson i 2 Flour Sacks 184 e 88 ' 1930 h
For he had Father James his friend, readers. An uncomfortable feeling, almost amounting
7 4 Mr. Mostyrds ch. c. by Grand Duke 3 yrs (Neale) 3 Ditto Br's. 300 3eo lc
And also Father James's "Unction." to disgust, comes invOluntarily over us at the idea of
7 6 Mr. Paltrier's b. in. Cr'eusa, 4 yr5...,.(W. 'Jones). fell Qrs. 6 19e7 1973 SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 1.-Wind W.N.W. light.
b
" Oatmeal Loads '1874 1574 ARRIVED.-Nightingale, Crookshank, from Barbadoes ; sailed n.
But scarce a week had passed away, two persons entering into the holy estate of matrimony 7 2 Mr. Osborne's b. g. Orcus, 3 yrs (Whitby) fell Rye
When holy Jem, as sweet as honey, without begging the blessing of their Maker on the Mr. A. Bower's b. f. by Timour, paid. 21st July -Frances. Johnston, from New Orleans-Franklin, Pen- ~
Beans
In passing the road, Orcus ran against the rails an the in- Pease Qrs. 424 153 583 dleton, and Annum, Durfee. from Savannah-Ernina, Cole, from e
. Went up, as was agreed, to pray- alliance they are contracting. We can hardly con- Qrs. Leghorn-St. Peter, Querifiel, from Mai seilles-Sophia, -, e
In other words to toueh the money. ceive how a virtuous woman could bring herself to re- side of the course, and was thrown down With great violence, Shelled Barley. Qrs. from Uleaborg-Eleanor, Oake, front Memel-and Pearon, --, a
and roiling over, came in the way of Creusa, who was close Indian Corn Qrs from Bay Chaleur. h
,
1
He rattled off a prayer with zeal- gard the solemn engagement she was entering into behind, and was also thrown down pitching his rider under Rapeseed Qrs. -- li
Of each young Gripe threw down a handful, - Cubana, Capes, from Swansea for Havana, was lost on the Great p
with so little delicacy- we had well nigh said, with so the rails, but he was not much hurt'. Poor Wieitby, the rider
" MY son," the priest replied, " I feel - . Bahama Banks 2nd August
" Your faith is strong, your spirit manful." little decency-and perhaps the word would not have of Orcus, was taken up perfectly insensible, anti it was at -- - -- . •
been unaptly used. Who is not grieved to see two first feared that he was killed; but in a short.time he came SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. Ellen Clare, Roberts, hence at Genoa, very leaky, having en- Ir),
countered a heavy gale 13th August, in lat. 43 N tl
" But is my fatheret soul released ? to hilsself, and was carried to the Turf Tavern, where he Beiram, Woollier. and Lavinia, Blown, from Odessa, at Con- ti
" Or is he yet in Limbo frying?" persons going out of their way to avoid the sanction stantinople, and both sailed 4th August for Liverpool
now tes in a doubtful state, as apprehensions are entertained d
" He suffers still," replied the priest, of religious ceremonial, and putting themselves to in- TUESDAY, Serremeten 4.
that he has received an injury. of the spine. The horse was ARRIVED.-Jessie. Ritchie, el•Lachlan, from St. Petersburg- Cowes' • '
Jane Straehan and William, . from Rio Janeiro and 1,
The glittering call) beside him eyeing. convenience, in order to do what ?-to Make known to terribly lacerated by corning in contact with the rails.
Jarnaica,Johnston. from Jamaiea ; sailed 15th July. The Fanny. Sophie.
Ernst Georee, from Steitin-Lydia. Herman, from New Orleans- , at Trieste
Carthage,
carling,,hheennceeeaotffoOtepio,drto • '1
(1
Sum after sum away was paid, .
the world that, in their opinion, matrimony is best In consequence of this accident, there was no race for the 1)
Nor was the father's wind diminished, contracted with less solemnity than the very heathen, 50 sovereigns plate. Sheldon, sailed 13th for Liverpool-and Ellen Brooks, Lindsay, fm
New Orleans. Carroll of Carrollton, Bird, hence for New York, off Kinsale 30th a
But with expanding lungs he prayed, Aug.
who worship stocks and stones, have almost in every • SAILED.-Ro:kery. Hughes. for Rio Janeiro-Thomas Hunter, Sidney, for New Orleans, came off on the flood last evening and 'r
Until the glittering heap was finished. MANCHESTER, FRIDAY EVENING.
age agreed to honour it ? Routlege, for Dantzic-Lancashire, Alexander for Savannah- proceeded
The Leamington Stakes as well as the St. Leger have at- Hercules, Nye, -for aotteream-Gcean, Prince, for Philadelphia- • Dalmatia, ---. . from Liverpool for Boston, was spoken 21st '
Thus, he at length addressed the son, Europe, Drnmmond, and Alfred. Cheever, for New York--Alex- August, in lat. 4a, long. 26
" Thou bast with liberal spirit given ; And is it not disgusting to see how little it is,- tracted attention during the meeting. We give the prices
" Your father's sufferings all are done; what a very nothing almost,-the law requires in the as nearly as possible. , ander, Albrecht. for Dantzie-Ulverstone, Pock Wood. for Del- leady Paeet, Lockett, hence at Halifax
" He's now a glorious saint in heaven!" way of pledged truth and faith ;-of love and protec- THE LEAMINGTON STAKES. housie-Jessie, Janvrin, for Boston-Victoria. Burn, for St. Peters- Magnificent, Whitty, hence at St. John, N.B.
sto 4 against Mr. Fowler's Heron. burg-Plymouth, Kendrick, for Boston-Brutus, Douglae, for Aeenoria Evans from Licata for Liverpool, at Milford, with loss i
Africa-Va:enia, Collis, and Rumbold. Brown, for Itotteream-
" Then, worthy father, learn a trick ;" Lion on the one hand, and of respect and obedience on . J
sto 1 „ Calmuck. , i
Thus, with a grin, replied the other; the other ? It is the man alone that gives any pledge Favourite, Simons, for Archangel-and Persian, Sparks, for Since- Autwus, Gregson, from Smyrna for Liverpool, at Milford
of s'ails anti rigging', and boat stove
.. 11 to 2 „ Apy other. pore.
. " I'll teach the Church to pray on tick, ,
at all; the woman engages neither to be affectionate, THE DONCASTER ST. LEGER. . -. , , .
" A novel thing for good OW Mother." nor faithful, nor obedient t. Can, then, this contract, ' 3to 1 against Lord Chesterfield's Don John. Alexander, el'Lachlan, hence for Canton, at Anjer 12th April - SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 2.-Wind W.N. W. moderate. •
With fury in his face, the priest CosseraNTiNoene, Aug. 14.-The Newham, Bruce. for Odessa, ARRIVED.-Formosa. Toole, from New Orleans-Thetis. Brown •
entered into at the registrar's office, with such cere- 4to 1 „ Col. Peel's lon. (t freely last night.)
• Began : " Oh, most irreverend scoffer ;" Bto 1 „ Mr. Parker's Lanercost. (Ditto.) is aground off Buyerkdree, and disclarged part of her cargo by the from St. John, N.8.-Norval, Murray, from Odessa-Friendship
Said Gripe, "I'm not so softly fleeed," monial, and in which at least one of the parties en-
-12 to 1 „ Lord G. Bentinck,s Grey Momus. assistance of H.M.S. Tyne, and is expected to be got off this after. Bailey, from Licata-Margareth, Pitkethly, and Arab, al•Queen .
noon from St. tetteisburg-reyverheid, Lievens. and Union, from
And swept the cash back to his coffer. gages to perform not one single duty, have any future 13 to 1 „ ' Mr. Bowes's Appleton Lad. dhe Mercury, Maberley, hence at Elsinore, bound to Narva, with Antwerp-Equalian, Wetherless, from Quebec-Castilian 'Maid,
. " You say in Heaven his soul is snug; beneficial effect on the happiness of the parties them- . 15 to 1 Mr. H. Coombes's Cobham.
2, stern and sternboard side damaged, having been run foul of in the -, from Smyrna.
'
. .
. " I've too much faith to think it fable; selves, or air the welfare of the community they are 16 to 1 „ Duke of Cleveland's Pucalle. Cattegat
. "Then try your hand, my old humbug, - 20 to I Mr. Fox's Jenny Jumps. Marmora. -, hence for Constantinople, off Malaga 10th ult. Mary, Fell, from St.' Petersburg for Liverpool, at Elsinore, with
members ON , /
And turn him out on't if your able. * Carena, Hayden, from Odessa, at Constantinople topsail yards carried away, having been run foul of
50 to 1 „ Mr. Thompson's Talleyrand. (takers.)
We regard it as a circumstance telling well for our Cornubia, Bell, hence for Bombay, was spoken 10th Aug. in iat. Blake, Thompson, for London, and Mary Dugdale, Harrison,
" And why should I, you preciouslimb, our good taste, and most fortunate for the future peace THE DONCASTER CUP. , 40 N. long. 14 W.
, "Be such a dupe to priest or any, 3to 1 against Mr. Fer,guson's Harkaway. (t.) Regalia, Cobh, from Haiana at St. Petersburg • Julia, Melhuish, hence at Messina, and sailed Bth August for
for Bristol, sailed from China 6th April .
i "As give to thee, for saving him, and happiness of domestic life among Ili, that the way 4to 1 „ Mt. Ord's Bee's Wing. Venus, Stenorth, hence at Riga Palermo
. " The very thing doit damns so many?" in which the occurrence of last Monday was regarded Bto 1 Mr. S. L. Fox's The Doctor.
a Naiad, Randall, hence at Helvaet
William Russell, Bruce, from Bahia at Cork Irish Lass, Grandy, from Ancona, 'at Messina, and sailed 2nd
August for Palermo and Dublin
by those who witnessed it (though there was nothing
* The scapular. Todds, el•Laren, hence for Pillau at Stranreer, lost sails, Bre Jeremiah, Benny, hence at Havre
approaching to unmannerly interruption or insult) was TATTERSALL'S, THURSDAY. Elanora, Bradden, for Sligo, lost bowsprit, Re Gazelle, Astridge, frorr Bahia, at Cuxbaven
---1162*'-- The betting wile too languid to require snore than a quo. Ivanhoe, Gibson, for Calc-utta at Falmouth Vigilante, Bente', hence at Pilled
not calculated to induce persons desirous of a little
AN INTERCEPTED LETTER. tation, nearly all the members being absent at Egham races. Lily, --, from Taganrog at ditto
TitriesnuiittyadY.a.Aerhetn,
ifurso.manLdegHhooprripeatt, ALlinfedagnttdst,
1 evanescent notoriety to follow the example then set Robert avers, Nicholl, hence at La Guayra
ST. I.EGER.
sailed from Marseilles " MONDAY, SEPTEbIDER 3.
1 -
TO MT FRIEND •ND SERVANT DAN, IN RETREAT AT
MOUNT MELLERAY. them.
simmoollnilMlNlMLis 3 to 1 against Lord Chesterfield's Don John. (t.)
7to 2 „ Colonel Peel's lon. • for this port, 27th ult. Anerven.-Salani, G.ylberg, from Onega-Fame, Graham, from
t Bto I „ Mr. Parkin's Lanercost. Jupiter, Carter, hence at Gironde -Alida.Maria. Atgunna, from Groningen-Agatha. Batema, from
Fillau-Lord Althorp, Sproule, and Baronet,Wylie, from Hambro'
• • Amsterdam-Fredericka, Kirehove, and Pauline. PerreOfeam Os- •
Well, Dan, my old humbug! of all thy past cheating, THE NEW DEMONSTRATION, 12 to I „ Mr. Coombes's Cobham. Cwsar, Kelly, and Angelina, Corneline, hence at Ostend tend-Arrow, Merai, from Cadiz-aud Lady Rensprove, Hampson,
' And many an instance can mene'ry recal, RADICALISM, POPERY,' AND INFIDELITY. 12 to 1 „ Duke of Cleveland's Alzira. Constant, Von Schie, hence at Antwerp
, There's none can come up to this trick of retreating; _ 14 to I „ Mr. Bowes's Appleton Lad. Wm. Cairey, Grundy, and Scotia, Malcolm, hence at St. Peters- from Ilavre.
SAILUD.-Ebro, Cordero, for Havana-Highlander, Bottomley,
' By hypocrisy's self, Dan, it bothers them all. (From the Morning Herald.) 20 to 1 „ Duke of Cleveland's Pucelle filly. burg
. for Trieste-Henry Bliss, Mackay, for Quebec-Scotland, Robin-
Binney, Hopkins, from Boston at ditto
Joe Hume has some brass; nor would pause at a whopper " The New Demonstration," like that concocted in the 7 to 1 against Cobham and Alzira. (t and aft off.)
• The Kingston hence for Quebec, that was on shore at the Isle of son for New York-Plicenix Cordr - for Dantzie-Rapid, Bolton,
(As he owned in the house) if it answered his end ; reign of Henry IV., by that furious young radical, the . - Man, has been got off, and taken into St. Mary's Harbour for 'Dern'erara-llacer, Laity', tor do'nstantinople-Maria Antoni-
Yet his brass would assuredly blush into copper valorous Hotspur, seems to have had bad luck-as ivlaster , DONCAS'rER. Water Witch, hence for Gibraltar, off Lisbon on the 13th ult. ' ette, Brabander, for Antwerp-Glasgow. Douglas, for St. John,
N.13.-Suviale Moody, for New York-Albion, Forrest, for alira-
Adelaide, -, hence to St. John, N.B. was spoken 17th ult.
If he tried such a " go" as your last one, my friend. Travers said to old Northumberland :- The note of preparation for the forthcominssimposing scene
, hence anu michi-Corsair, Cuming, for Constantinople-George Sz Mary,
In lat. 47 long. 40
You know, Dan, I hold you in high estimation ; "Of a gentleman, almost forspent with speed, has already sounded. That the attractions are by uo means Ceres,' ee hence was spoken 27th ult. in lat. 50, long. 11 Golightly, for Bahia-Osprey. Kirk, for Bombay-Mary Roberts,
and Chieftain, Anderson, for Dantzic.
, Perry-, for Rotterdam-John & Edward, Melhuish, for Ilambro'- ,
When you wanted my aid I was ever at hand; Who stopp'd by me to breathe his bloodied horse, diminished, a slight reference to the list will satisfactorily Inca,
But I fear, that, in even your priest-ridden nation, I did demand what news from Shrewsbury. prove. That the week will be one of great splendour, there Syra, at the Dardenelles '
You are tsying a trick that the people won't stand. He told nee that rebellion had ill luck, are many gratifying indications. Without dwelling, at pre- - • - e=esieee7redeede- Atalanta, (steamer) from Suez at Bombay 4th June, with London
sent, upon the large number of the prizes which the list pre- dates to 14tli Araril
What I hot from the orgies of hate and sedition ; And that young Harry Percy's spur was cold!" MECHANICS' INSTITUTION.
sents, including the sum subscribed by the Town-council, it . coin ala, 111• Neill, hence at A njer ,
After railing at all that is virtuous and true! Anil so in like manner say the messengers from Kidder- is sufficient to say that the competition for the St. Leeer -- - The Churchill, , from Waterford for Liverpool wills loss •
LECTURES ON VIE STRUCTURE AND HISTORY OP THE of rudder, anchors and cables, and very leaky, havin been on
Will your countrymen credit your fit of contrition ; minster-" the New Demonstration is out of luck entirely, ,
Or think that religion can own such as you? and depu:ations droop." will be very severe. The cup prize is an extremely elegiint
ARTICULATED a- .MOLLUSeOUS CLASSES OF "INDIA LS. Burbo Bank
f rkinanship The celebrated Irieh horse, Hark-
piece o wo . tre.lNC,,,=•=-.7IOO.CASIIeISTOGONNICM24I3R.CIRTSIW.T.I6I2I. ,
'Tie scarce credible, Dan; but, perhaps, you know better In Birmingham itself-the very focus of radicalism popery, away, which we see bY the Yorkshireman, has been purchased ---
How things should be done in the Emerald Isle ? and infidelity, with Messrs. Toni Attwood and morbiA aluntzt by Lord George Beniinck far the sum of £5,000, will be op- On Saturday evening seninight Dr. Grant delivered the TELEGRAPH OFFICE, SEPTEMBF.II 3.
And I own, my dear friend! I'll be greatly your debtor and Priest O'Donneil, and their subordinates to stir up and posed by the stoutest English horses; and a contest will en- eighth and concluding lecture of his course. •
If the bog-trotting papists are caught by this wile. heat up, and agitate " the masses," the masses mustered sue, which, in point of speed, will rival the trial when Lot- We now come to a consideration of a tribe•of the 'minus- Wind at Holyhead, West, light breeze morning and noon.-S.W.
miserablv-even though the muster-place was stored with cuous animals called cephalopods, from time circumstance of in tne evening.
How your friend, Father Tom, of M‘Garrahan fame- tery carried off the Londonderry cup,-a trial, which, at the
beer and tobacco and the day was Saint Monday, with fine • their feet being arranged about their heads, on which they 'Off Point Lynes, inward bound, at 3 p.m. No. 1351, Jamaica,
Himielfa shrewd, siy, clever. humbugging chap- time, was i eeme o sue ae. aracter t at i s i e woo i
I d f h li h 't l'k 11 B.Bk,
vreather to boot. But at Kiddermister " the Demon-stra- may be said to Walk. Those of them, as well as the pteroa ,
Must, envying, admit how superior your claim, never be again witnessed. Nerare exertions spared to ensure Oir Point L mes, outsvard bound, No. 634, St. Andrew, and 592,
tioners" as the Birminghamites call theirs had still worse i ,1 • • d } pods, which swim on the surface of the ocean, have either Ale 3 ,• •
In devising this scheme of retreat a-la-Trappe. not onl • h f f 1
yte sa ety ot le 'rims i uring running tic se- yone, at 12 at noon-end 1480, Captain Ross, at 8 a.m.
luck, as the following account of their adventures in that aildd naked bodies or light pellucid shelly coverings, so as to Pat into A inlwele No. 736. Upon inquiry she proved to he No.
The priests, too, though born to the manner, will wonder, busy town will make manifest •- curity of the spectators. In order to prevent th'e ii •
enable them to move about with freedom, and at the same 763, Congress, 8.8. from Quebec-hoisted her nutnbers wrong.
of a recurrence of an accident similar to what befe pirus
When they find to a layman such hardihood given, "On Monday last a public meeting of the inhabitants of •d .• th 1 tSt L • • 1. f•• 1 1 b 'f
1
ming eas . eger raee, ame o rat s las een orme, time protect them from the evils to whieh they are exposed. -a - ___ ___ .
And think, whilst Jove shows his existence by thunder,* Kidderminster, was held in the Lion Field, for the purpose Indeed, in some instances, this shell is merely disposed
from the Fitzwilliam starti er-1 ost to the middle of the rise of
That any but they could thus daily with Heaven. of considering the propriety of adoptingthe national petition the hill. The turn, too, opupoeite the T. Y. C. post. has been around the more delicata of their internal orgaus. Unlike
17t5,5c10 -12.nareD for .Loalling.
Go on, Dan t. and prosper-our ends are the same- passed lately by the Birmingham political unionists. 1 time gastropods, which, with all their eonvolutions, are only
'-'° also rendered secure in the same manner, as well as the turn (SINCE OUR LAST PUBLICATION.) '
Thssame be oar means, my old brother in evil; ensure this object, and to make ' assurance doubly sure,' the sinele-chatabered, the shells of cephalopods have a number
near the Red House, opposite the Champaene startintapost,
Its thee, of all vot'ries, I'll own the first claim whig-radicals of the borough invited a deputation from Bir- ot chambers, whence the name concamerate or tztultilocular;
extending from thence to the cross-wilds, in the direction ot IVEST INDIES
To the highest regards of mingliam to attend and move the resolutions, which was to but neither the cephalopods, pteropods, nor tile pulmonated '
the white rails. The safety of the horse., at these points, is Jacob Pennell, C Martin 569 Havana Ashley Brothers
Your master, be composed of Messrs- Muntz, Salt, and another whose tropods, have any operculurn. The cephalopods ure
thus effectually setneed. The inquiries liirltelgings coutinue gas Hannah, - Clayton, ' 238 Trinidad, Inerie &,- Tornlinso- n '
'll-IF, DEVIL. name was never announced to the meeting. It was stated highly organised, and form a connecting link between the
to be made: and those which are already enedeed ethbrace SOUTII AMERICA. -
'Costa tonentem credidimus Jovem regnare. in the placards that the notorious Muntz would also form articulated and vertebrate(' animals. The internal " bone"
, the names Of the Duke and Duchess of iO'leveland, the Earl ' Harriet, J Wilson, 259 Brazils, r Imrie :3r, Tomlinson
.e. a.----...-.. one of the deputation ; but for reasons best known to tne of Chesterfield 1 1 • L d G
aro a arge parq, or eorge Bentinck and of the cettle fish is, however, not true bone beina composed e t•JN th I
r nee, i it, o son, 304 Rio Janeiro, Ashley Brothers
faction he considered it prudent to absent himself. of carbonate, i 1 1 h• fl' ' • ...i
' h• .11
%N .1 .10Ot any p rosp ate, o was, ant ts aie y
party, Hon. Mrs. Norton. Hon. G. Payne Colonel Peel, Helen Anderson, A Anderson, 203 Rio Janeiro, Cotesworth ee Co ,
. CONTEMPORARY PRESS. " The exertions which were made by the unionists of this Colonel Anson Sir F. Holyoake Goodeicle; Bart Christo- at all analagous to a verteural bony column. The nautilus UNITED STATES.
. town (even the Sunday being desecrated by a contemptible is a gorse example of multilocular shells. The chambers all
Ater Wilson, 'Este the falher nf the turf, who..vs, e under- New .Tersey, S Dickson, - Boston, A Taylor
THE FOREIGN POLICY OF THE WHIG knot of individuals canvassing the town of Bewdley, Stour- Land, will be Recce.' • V • -." ' 11
umantea by ers. Wilson, C. C. Grey' e, •
' communicate by means a orifices. When these orifices are Chatlinm, a Gorham, 470 Boston, Baring Brothers &Co
GOVERNMENT. port, Stourbridge, acc., for supporters) naturally set the con-
servative operatives in motion, an 4 a committee was formed Esq ,G. L. Fox, Es . M.P , and a lar , t T. IL
Cou.kes, Es Princegliollenb.ur d • e
_par y,,.,
... ,
,an suite, Count 1 oisto:!„ small the shells are calletlforanzinijrous, but when large and C
funnel-shaped,.siphoniferoite, A number of (lie former kind ambridge, .1 Burnsley, • 752 New York, Baring Brothers &Co
Britannta, E Cooke ,606 New York, Waddington &Co
(From the Morning Herald.) and resolutions prepared in oppositiou to the absurd and ridi- Colonel 1-1 117
1
aweer an( party, the officers from the York, Shet- Lexineton J L Hill
• are now to be met with, and both abound in a 'fossil state, et " ' t .'
aakspeare, - Collins, 379 New York, Hughes, Cowie 8:-. Co
750 New York, els'i & J Brown & Co
As the policy of the whig government becomes, day coleus document yelept ! The National Petition.' some of them so flattened as to be called rzummulites, from
field, and Leeds barracks, Sue. &e. In short, there is every Creole, J J Tracey. 540 New Orleans Focke & Bouit
by day, more crouching towards the more powerful " Four o'clock was the hour nppointed for comtnenciug the reason to warrant the assertion that the meeting will be•one
, the resemblance they hear to small coins. The latter form Chevalier,- Kenney, 35e New Orleans. liu'gbes, Cowie &Co
foreign governments-and as the-hostility of our ri- business of the day, at which time the conservative party of the greatest splendour.- Leeds Intelligencer. whele rocks, indeed the pyramids rest upon ntunmulitic fine- Walter, G Foulke, 500 Philadeldhia, Waz J Brown &Co
took possession of the hustings. The Birmingham.deputa- stone, which_was once mistaken for granite or syenite. The Madison, D Wood, 303 Virginia, W& .1 Brown &Co
Tills is not disarmed by acts of self-abasement on the .. . _.-.. . ..-- - •
tion shortly afterwards arrived, and scared by the strong MUs- little " lentils" were also at one time sUpposed to be the real BRITIS' II A M ERICA.
part of our rulers-it becomes of some importance to ter of the opposition party and trembling with undisguised ..• d • vegetable lentils-the food of the workmen-petrified 1 There Queen Vietoria, J Davidson, 715 Miramichi, Anderson Sz Co
ascertain the means of defence possessed by'England, e • 1 d" ' •h" 1 •'. 1 h h• •
eismay at the evu ent e,eat alc 1 awaitet t em, t eir hest A REA LTHY VI L L AGE.-There are at present resinin, in
are 500 species of fossil ammonites known to zoolo •• • f Rowena, T Little,
gists, o 92 Newfoundland and Brazils,
the village of Ochiltreo six men whose united flees amount
in the event of the formation of a coalition for her de- manoeuvre was to question the right of the conservative - „ . ' • '93 d which 250 are British. The Whitby seas contains the „ , , , Graham and• Taylor
to 034. Ihe oldest of tnem has now entered his e year; , Dever,ey, ~ .oretrer, tB9 St: John, N. 13. Gibbseßri ht sr. Co
struction, by the powers which are most jealous of her party to be on the hustings. The bod-y of gentlemen, bow-
his judgment his sound, and his memory tenaciotts.-Ayr greatest number. So far as R':' at present know the ammo- John Bentley' D Robertson, 713 St. Joh al B C• g L...'
, , n, . . . annon &Co
long-established ascendancy. These powers are, es- ever, refused to move one inch from the position they had ,
4dcertiser. 'tile is an extinct animal. Cyclostonmus fishes have a
EUROPE.
taken up; The multitude (about 4000 persons) met all the . central softish mass, which afterwards is divided into the
pecially, Russia and the United States. Were En AN AMERICAN EDITOR'S OPINION OF LIVERPOOL.-Li- James, G Martin, 160 Ancona, Bahr, Behrend Sz Co
g- adv es which the unionists made
anc . to address them with intervertebral substance of higher classes. The finlike sro- .
land overthrown, Russia might hope to bring all Eu- groans and cries of 'We want no Birminol ' -
tam aeltators verpool resembles New Ynrk more than any other city I cesses of !pl. & t 1 s •1 d
Igo, c. inus ie cons:, ere as arms, and not mire J Denys,
.1 Freeland, W Santter, 215 Athens and Odessa, Bahr, Behrend 8; Co
62 Antwerp. C G Weber & Co
rope under the dominion of the Czars. Were Eng- here.' Mr. J. Boycott, seeing the feeling of the meeting de- have yet seen in Europe. More beautiful females walk the lees in the same manner as we find in the flying fish, Sceptre, .1 Bartlett, 186 Alexandria, Egypt; Bahr &Co
land overthrown, the United States might hope to en- cidedly in favour of the conservative parte*, immediately pro- streets here than you you can see in London. * * Bristol '-• '
gurnards, &c., some of the cephalorods, and even turtle, an Boykett, It Austin, 80 Bourdeaux. Campbell 8z Rudd
gross the larger portion of the trade of the world. posed a resolution condemning the republican principles en- never can compete with Liverpool. They may
get as many excess of the anterior extremity. Ihe octopods swim back- Thornley, J Cuthbertson, 237 Copenhagen, C G Weber &Co
tertained by the Birmingham unionists, and adopted a tue- steamers as will bridge the milky way, or go to the moon, warde striking with all their tentacula at once. Others are W Butt
alsry Jane,. . , 108 Coeenhagen, W Tarbett
Russia and the United States possess, undoubtedly • 1 i m • • • but Bristol will never be any thing else than one of the purt • " • • • • Gregory Bomslone J Tuleff, 535 Elsinore and Revel, Weber& Co
' mortal to be presentet to ier o ajesty. to dismiss from ber ' fixed, and others nein have no tentacula. 1 h w
een onauta, Minerva H N Jorck 1.0 Elsinore and Ecken f net t B• hr- C
I r e., 0
immense resources ;-vet, if the energies of England councils her present advisers, requesting a repeal of the in- of London. Liverpool, Manchester, Birmingham, and all which is an octopod, is said to quit its shell, line the hermit Eliza Wa'rwick, it W'Veel-ch, 539 Lisbon and C-lart(ton" '
were properly evolved and directed, England would hutnan clauses of the poor law amendaaent act, and an the surroneding towns ferns one city, nearly as closely united crab, as if it were not its own. but some say that it mends the Baring Brothers &Co
have little to fear, even from the coalition against her as the different ends of London are I can go from Liver-
abridgment of the intolerable labour imposed upon the • shell arisen fractured, Two of its legs are membraneous, and Jack Tar, W M'Gregor, 195 Malta and Odessa, Bahr &Co
of these two formidable powers. For both these thildren in our cotton factories ; such memorial to be pre- P.
mil to Manchester nearly as soon as I can get from one end - •
it raises them up to serve as sails. The broad loligo, besides H e
Malvina P Croix, 70 Nantes, Bahr, Bphrend Sz Co
sented to her Majesty by Mr. R. Godson the conservative ot on on to t e t
L d h h 1' • •
it er. england is the •
heart of the coot- S' tt GS • tl (.1
its ordinary prehensile extreinitiee has two lone slendl- ' l'n sco • (n an , 120 Naples, Bahr, Behreed &Co
countries, let it be noted, contain within their consti. • • T • • ' • .iel world-Loudon is one of its ventricles and Liyerp I '• ' • •• • 'i• i • e • ' Vigilant, D Ballantine, 134 Riga, Cempbell & Rudd
member for this borough. his resolution haviug been put mer‘ ' oft tentacula, furnielied with suckers, be- w oca It anchors itself CUmbrian, It Dring, 374 St. Petersburg G Browp
tutions many elements of weakness. to the meeting, it was carried by an overwhelming majority. the other. Nothing can change this seat eof thiugs. * * and wheels round in a circle with tliis cable as a radius. 'lle ,
Russia, for instance, owes a large portion of her " The unionists now became desperate, and, finding that During my sojourn in Liverpool the edttors-have been verY cephalopods mostly live at the bottom of the sea, are crafty - -- - - -
_ .. _ _
apparent strength to the stupid policy which England their favourite petition was rejected and repudiated by the
ta) e t
tehnet i si•
le to me-particularly the venerable Etrerton Smith and carniverotte, and the great enemies of the crustaceous ititli)orto.
has, of late years, observed towards her. Eneland operatives of Kidderminster, immediately jumped from the r ,• e,
errant to whom I had no letter at all.' * * Soult • '
ts afinnals, Which, as the contents of their stomach show, they .--,afae--.
s hustings, and, calling upon about one hundred ot them atteu- expected here to-morrow. They • I " d• •
give tim a Inner in the rapidly dismember The loligo has been known to leap ou WEST INDIES AND MADEIRA.
has, in point of fact, been content, latterly, to play the Town Hall. I am promised an invitation to dinner, and if
dant ruffians h I II h ff 11' f d
,t ey wean to pu t e sca o I ing rom un er the. decks of a sh'i I 1• le •••• h srk
p. ts lea Is orny ie a parrots, Alice CO.) 4 A -1 f B rba-loes 407 hlels 62 tees sugar
. nwy , rom a . ,
game of Russia. England aided Russia to destroy the feet of the conservative gentlemen. This was the signal, I remain I will go. My friend Webb (M r. Webb is editor inverted, and entirely composed of carbonate of lime. It is Barton,'lrYto-ri and co-12 lihds sugar, S L Trotman-12 packageS,
the independence of Tnrkev-the most important of course, for a general riot. The blackguards who snedi- of the New York Courier) returns in the Great Westenn Up notched, shwaing the rudiments of teeth. presents. order-Q D
check which the great nationai arrangement of Europe tated the mischief were beaten back by the multitude, aro! to her sailing for this side, I see he has written nothing. The learned lecturer then entered iuto a full anatomical SOUTH AMERICA.
supplied for limiting the extension of Russian power. Mr. Boycott and his Id he eHe is ail bell •-tio mind. He has been •
friends were escorted to a window on 11°."1 ectu .. . • - ) - detail of the structure of the Yertous creatures belonging, to Ada, (146) F Farr, from Manzanilla.de Cuba, 125 logs mahogany,•
•
England, in like manner, connived at the subjugation the opposite side where he and the proprietor of the Ten eattng, drineing, and carousing all over k rance and Eug- the order of cephalopods, which would require a 11111(11 107 logs cedar, 571 tuns fustic, 101 tons lignunivitw, lc 10 lance-
' d 1 ' - 1. d-1 have been engaged in other pursuits-N'lnzporte 1
Tow '
•ns Messenger addresse tre meeting, and again passed en - greater knowledge of the subject than possessed by the re- wood spars, Chaloner and Houghton-Q D
of Poland-a country scarcely less important (if again the resolutions and memorial alluded to unanimously. - - , •
got au admission tor eon to Westminster Abbey, and I am
, porter to do justice to. ,In conclusion, Dr. Grant pointed a UNITED STATES. ,
elevated to the character of an independent state) to " Messrs. Douglas and Salt and their friends immediately glad he saw the coronation.-Mr. Bennett's Letters in in, out the great advantaee which the study .of the creatures Franklin, (377) I L Pendleton front Savannah. 651 bales cotton,
,
the adjustment of honest international arrangements got into their hired carriage and fled from the field, amid the New York Flerald. A - brought under review during his lectures would be to los Bolton, Ogden and co-253 do, Wainwright, Sheils and eo-103 do,
throughout Europe, than Turkey itself. But although groanings and ex le has in some ree eces °ilea the et re ei dance e ••• dum t 11,1
eeratinns of the multitude. They afterwards MR. ROSCOE.-I -p . . , i
.._
.., spetially the younger part., for they woul , .. T Crowder-32 do. J Maury and eons-e' D
Auburn, (4011 N P Dully, from Savannah, 386 hales cotton,
England has, hitherto, failed to turn the recent chan- Pals fhom the win- markeble persons that have of late years appeared in either the to erceive the n ost ex uiaite order in the arrangements of
made an attempt to address a few individ • _ s „ . . , P - .t . •CI • • . Molyneux, Witherby and co-787 do, order-V D
dow of the Black Horse Inn, but here again they were met political or the literary world. Bort: in the most humele sta- the Create: through all his works, from the simplest to the Frences, (333) I J Johnston, from New Orlenne, 65e bales cotton,
ges in the East of Europe to fair advantage-still, by by hootings and derisinn. The mayor of the town (and a tion, for his parents were menial servants ill the tine country most complicated, and would team to appreciate in the moSt Bolton, (Wen and co-286 do, retest, cigars, order-22 hales? cases
men of a different stamp from our whig rulers, the re- radical too, mark that !) immediately interfered, and informed mansion which afterwards was his own, he had risen to the humble minimal in the scale of creation, those beautiful contents Unknown. W Lindsay-V D ,
sults of those changes might yet be turned to aclmira- the unionists that unless they desisted from addressing the highest rank ill a laborious aud useful profession, having be- op,ans and instincts whereby it is enabled not only to con-
, Independence, (717) B Nyes. from New York, 155 -brls contents
blo account. In a struggle with Russia-Turkey, multitude he would order them into custody. This had the come one of the most etninent of the Lancashire solicitors- tinue its own existence but that of its tribe. unknown, Jordan and Magrath-2 casks 1 paeloge do, II Mure and
co-300 brls turpentine, It S Clay-500 do, Wilaes Piekersgill aml
desired effect, and the unionists decamped from Kidder- a class of practitioners distinguished among those of the king- In taking our leave of Dr. Grant we must again repeat
Poland, and Cirenesia would offer to England (if En eO-11)00 do, D Buchanan and ihs-500 do, J and T Johnson-160
„g- minster." dorn at large by great knowledge of their professieu, and ad- our feeret that our anatouticel arid eoological knowledge has do. Platt, Son aud co-129 do, 100 lades cotton, order-31 bates
land were governed as she ought to l's
-e) means or at- But thongh they have been kicked -out of Kidderminster, mirable skill in the conduct of their clients' affairs. Strug- . not enabled us to present to our readers more perfect repurts cotton, Gibbs, Bright and co-36 do, Wainwright, Sheils and co-
tack, which the Emperor Nicholas would find it no they intend it seems to try their luck in London ; for we are gling with all the disadiantages of narrow circumstances, of his lectures. If the audiences have not been ao large as 163 do ~1 Rearsley and Son-6 do, Magee and Corcoran-77 logs-
,eas_y matter to neutralise. told in a radical evening paper that " The Working Men's and of an education necessarily restricted. he had not only those which have attended his preJecessors, it has .not been cedar, 'l' B Barclay and co-W D ,
131tITISI-4 AMERICA , '
it is customary, again, for a class of persons dis- Association" have been m king " active preparations for accomplished himself in the legal walks of his profession, lint oe Mg to the apathy with which his lectures have been re-
Albior, (687) E H Hueseins, from St. John, N.B. 167 le• h
pees ire.
dewonstration" in educated himself in more classical studiee, as as to have be- c,.
e irded ti to the difficidtv which Yves felt and we can sae
*Ceded towards ibis country to advert to the glowing Pagle!,tting Cr anal ;;Ingtr eNaitastrenietsroi peo(liiiteaNti and 605 l'etes fir timber, 7lc 21 deals; 82ec staves, 7 cords lathwood,
the new high bailiff t fi ie t• - . n 'do' .•t• er bf e coni- f ' 'b t•
• f I.l' - 't 1 ' '. t ca,tch the wo ds l'iif
eetne.a grea. pro c n in_pursto sse . m Lev eor . . . rom. experierece, yaen u y so. a emee, a
~ . . r,. re_ 10 spurs, Gibbs, Bright and co-B D
power of the United States, and to their scarcelv- f 1;e-Yal. ' 'II k" dl .d n t:' 1 *--- dt• • 1
. o estminster, as in yan cour eous y promiee o air toned with the practice or an at tome). His taste vt as cunt- the lecturer, for unfortunately the physical powers of lir. Theron, (292) J Burdes, (from Bathurst, 449 pees fir timber, 10a6
calculable resources. Such estimates, however, are and abet and assist theta therein ; and has moreover ap- vated and refined by familierity with Roman literature, and Grant are by no means commensurate with his mental. The deals, 2 cords lathwood, 2 spars, Anderson, Garrow and co-13 Deg
apt to be fallacious. The lands of the United‘States pointed the 17th proximo for the grand event to " come off." his mind was still farther enriched by a thorough acquaintance medical gentlemen of our town, however, contiuued to attend Tory's Wife, (236)R Kelly, from Yarmouth. 315 peest pine tim-
*re, undoubtedly most fertile and most abundant- This is great nevrs for the metropolis, and for all England. with the monuments of Italian genius. He devoted himself, him to the last, and we have never heard higher encomiums br, 4e cords lathwood,
L D 140 handspikes, Chaloner and Houghton-
• ' • • deed • and as the effair is to be got up bv the " Workine notwithetanding the constant interruption of his business to upon t 1 , merits of a lecturer than we hive heard from
their rivers and lakes most admirably adapted for all m ' ' • - - " - ' ' • • ' MED ITE It liA NEA N.
Men's Association "it is fit that the world should know that the study of all modern as well as of Latin poetry • and with the tnembers of this honoured profession with respect to Dr.
the purposes of commerce-whilst the prospect of their the ' ' ' ' • • f • ' ' • - '' ' -
Working Men s Assoczatton consists 0 some dozen and a the rare exception of Mr. Mathias, it may be affirmed, that Grant. Amelia, (304) S Romano, from Licati, 260 tons i:oueh brimstone '
e , I
mineral wealth is of the most flattering description. half of men who never work ; but, having the gift of the gab, no one on this.side the Alps has eve'. been more intimately Potter Brothers-P D
Mary (1e0) J M'Kenzie, from. Licata, 135 tons brimstone, order
Yet if the United States were to engage in destruc• the'y go about from public-house to public-house stirring up acquainted with the writers, especially the poets, of moaern Aerrioun 11 Iwo.- We have been favoured with the inspece ._K D '
live hostilities against Enoland, Enedand, ruled bv those they find therein to lay down their pipes and quit their Italy. The natural elegance of his mind, connected in a time of a very ancient and massive gold ring, which is in the Enma, (153) J Cole, from Leghorn, 210 tons wheat, Wright and
pots and go a demonstrating. This " association of working great measure with his honest simplicity of character, and possession of Mr. Robert Thompson, jewellfer, in thef Grodves, Caxtrir„--tdio_rcea
statesmen of the right stamp men of prudence, an-cl se(.,hzkz, ec'ea Ale Pr
or esferootmt- Q. D
men" who neyer work ie under the marshalling and.manage; the uneuffled gentleness of his_bland aed kindly temper, was in the suburbs of this city, aed which was
.oupd aew . eys Li ati 2,10 tons brimst 1
courage, and promptitude in action-might break up case.contents unknown, J ele'caire and c..0-ie 1) elle'
ment of one Lovell or Lovett, a second-floor lodger In Gray s soon displayed in some poetical productions, among winch his ago near the ruins of Coningsborongh Castle, in the vicinity '
the federal nnion in three months, and scatter to the Inn-lane, and who calls himself their " secretary ;" and he celebrated song on the early progress of the French Revolu- of Doncaster. Its weight is six dwts. and its diameter three- , EUROPE.
winds those powers of aggression which now render himself is sunder the marshalling and management, and in tiou acquired the greatest reputation. Although it is by the quarters of an inch. The wozkinanship, which is quite per- St. Peter, (114) II Queripel, from Marseilles, 700 qrs wheat, it
the United States, in the e . ti • 1
yes of ordinary observers, 'e Pay 't i said of Mr Jeh Id dh• • ' • fh• t' •01 It '- 1' b • 1 ft ' Itent cl sin sof foliage, variegated green and
a so, I s r , i .os p ume an is owner, prouuctionso is pen, ild .r. oscoe b name las een ma( e ec ,isan e eea ia 1., Zwilchenhart and co-K D
Britannia, f 218) T Davies, from llnvre, 29 cases 1 laid I qr cask
so formidable an antag,onist. Daniel O'Connell, Esq., together with the occasional aid of famous throughout Europe, yet were his merits and his claims gold. The venerable remains above mentioned lay claim to
The federal union is but wine, order-6 catles do, Hadfield, Woed and co-r 1 do, It W Bay-
* discordant assemblage of s It lo Messrs. Leader, Molesworth, and Roebuck. And this is the to the gratitude of mankind of a more various kind. An ar- high antiquity. and near them is a tutnulus said to have been ley-4 do, J. Winstanley and Sons-3 do, Golborne end Dobbs-
ma states. nese are worshipful " association" (Heaven bless the mark !) at whose dent devotion, from pure principle, to the best interests of hu- raised over the body ot Hengist, the Saxon general, who was 3 baskets do, Browne and Syme-6 do, Baty and Gibson-42 do, 3
' ncilablv divided from e i -
irreco ae i other, on the ques- request Mr Smedley smirkinglY consents to kick up a radical manity, was the unvarying and the cnnstant guide of his pub- slain in a battle near this place by Aurelius Ambrosius, a Dawson-e cases do, W Forde mid Son-36 do, E Rae-6 cases 15
tions of slavery, and of the direction of native indus- row ! -•ble baskets do alocatta Brotherse--10 casesdo, 13 y,ackaecs each 4 eases
lie conduct, as the most strict discharge of every dutY marked British Prince, about the year 468. Of course it is impose] woe . • . .e ,
try in the various localities of the union. each step of his walk in life. A solicitor in extensive prac- to say, whether the ring in question is a relic of these early 1 eV Colton-1 case contents IItIhOONVO, arsons-2 do, D and
. , 'Fire north- - T Willis-I do, 11 Castellain and co-58 do. Mocatta Brothers-18
ern states wisu to manufacture for the southern. The The beautiful sample of Whittington's new white wheat tics, he was the advocate of all sound law reform. An attor- times, or it is of more recant deposit ; hut that centuries have do, E alocatta-1 bale books, order-1 case do, 1) C Harvey...ere
southern states, again, desire to consume E 1 • t'b
h - t s It was grown by Mr. John ney in the borough courts, he was the stern uncompromising passed since it formed an ornament to some one of distinc- packages furniture, Middleten-1 case brandy, Mocatta Brotl ers-
uropean las jus een s own ou . enemy of chicanery the fearless defender of the oppressed tion may be safely Premised, from the nature of the workman- I case samples gum, J Macatre-CI D
manufactures. If the directors of the federal union Nichols, Powick-stands six feet three inches high, throws , sgElennor, (iB5) W Oake, from Memel, 1370 qrs wheat, GJ Wain-
k man of business ender a wealth • • - • • ' ' Y k C
y and powerful corporation, ship and its antique form.- or • ourant.
were to declare war against England, a little manage. up from twenty to thirty shoots, and the ears are from.six to
he was ever the implacable denouneer of jobs and abuses. A ,
w right and co-K D
nee the southern states
ment might suffice to ra „ , • on the seven inches lone. An ordinary crop of this most prolific AN ALLIGATOR TEAM.-The captain of a steam-boat Henriette, (91) L D Hondt, from Antwerp, about 50 tons oak
' adviser amon, the aristocrac of the
confidentiat
.. _ d 1 y . most tory engaged in the Red River trade, has informed us, although bark, J Johnstone-100 bales flax, A Swainson-80 do, order-I
variety ayeraoes ;bout thirty thrave an acre; awl, almost in-
side of Great Britafti. If England should seize upon ce county in Bro,lanil, he was tle most uncompromising enemy we are inclined to think he was joking, that a wealthy indi- brl nails, Walronct Browne arel co-Q D . .
edible as it 'ma . ear. we are informed that the parcel of
Y app of tyranny, the friend of the people, the apostle of even de- Navigator, (2061 0 L Ketelboter, Irmo Danzic, 2286 bags and 520
the island of Cuba-should erect it into a deptit for which we have been speaking, will yield an average of 60.
ocratic opinions. A leader amona the parties who most vidual up that way has tamed and trained a couple of alliga-
loose wheat Neuman and Engel-ebout 11 fins lathwood, the
arms, and necessaries of all kin
• ds-and then call into Th
_ e wheat may be seen at this moment upon the ground, and m -e. I. " ,r. . , tors so that they will swim iu harness, and haw and gee tir
He war ee was througnout its wnole course the masster-Q D '
action the black population of the southern states must be an obj
* cester Herald. ect of great interest to egriculturusts.- Wore gained by t , ,
.• .
I • cl• e h• h • •
zealous preacher of peace, ant stan ine ig amongst the
, , about as regular as oxen. So well, indeed, have they been Sophia (4eo) P Petrel, from Uleaborg, 1986 brls 58 hf brls tar 18
broken that their owner frequently tackles them up, bitches brls ;diet:, 2119 d I 138 deal ends, 576 lefftens, J W Gibsone ilnd
ea s,
there would briefly be an ~rel of the federal union, and
NOBLE INST ..NCE OP I traders of Liverpool, and at the head of its society, he was h
t 0 them to a " dug out," and cruises about the bayous and c B D ,
NTEGRITY.-On Wednesday even- unflinching eneMy of the African slave trade, the enthusias- ponds when the wateis are too high to admit of his going on
of the semblance of r‘verwheiming power W.I.C.
;; h now • i h , •. •
Ina- ast, t e 2'2d instant, the friends and former creditors of tic advocate of its abolition. When he rose in fame, and horseback. On a late •• • I'd T 1 " 1
oceasion w nee sal ing a ong quiet v • BOATS.-FALMOUTH sTATioN,
belongs to it. Willsam Fleury, Esq., entertd •
teed him at dinner at the throve in wealth-when he became one of the great bankers under the banks of aba nu vith his " critters" i' a PACs
-11" T
iarnesse
If the destinies of England, in short, •
were intrusted .
Commercial Hotel Belt'
, ast, on the occasion of presenting exile 1 d 'db• • 11 the leading men in its so- abreast, he was seen le) 1 ' N.,ENEBAL POST-OFFICE.-AIM 2. 31, 1837.
p ace, an was coui,e y a yit hunter, who sung out, " I say,
him with it superb piece of plate col
to men of riguriris and enlarged understandings, we
haying, of his own accord, dischar,:ea
thnelijemorative of his ciety -when his fame was spread over the world, and his na- there! hallo ! drat') your due out astern and give me a chance Mails made • Last Packets
alance of the en- Next Packets
should have little to apprehend from the best orean- -ts of his house at the perio'll of • tive town became known in many remote places, as having to plua one of the vartnints." " Don't shoot this syav -take DESTINATION. up In Sailed.
re gagemen . their havlng stopped • London. Due.
• elven him birth-when he was chosen to represent her in par- carejdon't you see I'm after them?" said the owner, as the '
used syetern of aggression against this country on • nt in the year 1820.
- ' pay me This large sum, amountin - _________ - - ---
- I.:13,000, has been recently handed to the credi-
gto liament and associated with the first statesmen of the age this backwoodsman level'ed h• • d
, ~. . , , , is iifle. " I see you're atter 'eM,
which Russia and the U •t
d States might resolve. upwards of
.. nt e ITollend Tues. & Fri. Mon. & Thurs.
•vors and representatives by Mr Henry- truly excellent person's uaaffected modesty, i
h,s primitese and you 11 see a ball follerin' on in the seine trail iu less than H. .1
• ••,. 'k•.• S t Tues & Fri•
am nu, ~ .. Wet . • Tues. 8: Satur.
But the whige fear and truckle to both these powers. tors. or their survi simplicity of m• ' 1 t 1 1 As his rise
anners, nes er t eser e( nin. t 0 inin;t. Look out f If h '
ffd h • d ', ' ' -
• s•ances o le -min ed justice and honour • • w .. • . or yourse stranger • . ere goes for a Lisbon
They submit to ineults and outrages without number ; one of those in , • . , . Royal Tar,
in life had been rapid and easy, he bore his•erond fortune with crack at the varmint this wa " " Stop! lu'Ad up y' our. rifle. Madeira ...
i reflect distinction and credit upon the community Y. e• 4a. Sept. 2.
and each act of submission by them only leads to the wh ch . r an e •
qual mind ; and when the commercial distresses of the Th
...at's inv teem that you are aimine at. Look at the h• •
•LTOCSP, ,
S,,a in .F•z; ibralt.
mongst whom they oceu . country involved his affairs in ruin, the clouds which over- Malta and Greece.. endSattirdss Iberia, Aug. 20. .
there, jti;tt on the top of the water.' The • I- ••h •
e are titc eu to the F .
.i.; ot and India .. 4tii Saturday Tagus, A lutist 6.
perpetration of fresh indignities by the powers t a •
'3
- THE GREY MONUMENT.-The colossal statue of Earl . cast the evening, of his daYs, distur' I
, ee( not the eerenity of his canoe, and I ails on a little jaunt out back to look at and' eteer int
whirl) unworthy concessions are made. ended to be laced on the mind • the iithrtness which • .M.B. Hope,
Grey, by E. H. Bailey, R.A., int p . _ , . could maintain itself against the enter sonic lands." " Well, I (leder t" said the old hunter 8.. ''l fe B A Wei each month July 10 '•c- t "l
, 1421. . 3 • •
We heartily- desire peace; but we no less heartily 'I! 1•fi• h d at the top of Grev-street, arrived gales of prosperity, found the storms of adverse fortune,
pi ar now near y nis e , "if that don't beat all the do. 'A's. h' I ' W d D tl. 1 • '-'•`) •`'
'
et ( on wav in Ihe America ...... ... Ist e nes. t. ie it, Aug. 4. Lapwing,Sept.B
desire to see the honour of England vindicated, and her in Newcastle on Monday morning, per the H-alcyon, Londen though more boisterous, much loudet in their noise, y t 't
• I t I k ins
. ' e
eno thick sett emen s. rec on vou understand anitnahmeir. e Jarnai leward Ist day of f1.M.8. Peneee • P •ndere
interests maintained. It is sOmething, too, to reflect, trader, and was removed by two waggons from the quay to at all deceitful, and really less rude in their shock. His lat- netism, as they call it, a few."' " I understand trainin n t
g rilli- Isl. & Hayti.. each month A '•
*• ' se' (' '
leg. 3. pt, 26.
that ' the site of the monument. It is expected to be raised in a ter years were passed in his much loved literary leisure-coil- Laguira
in the struggle for existence, vvhich Eneland marr gators." -" Well, You can pass-hope you'll have aI •
p easant Mexice . ild, Ha- z 15th day of 11. M. 13. Swift Linnet
soon be compelled to enter D 1 es ~ ,; few days. The height of the pillar from the ground is 121 soled by the kindness of his friends-happy in. the bosom of excarsion." The man now stirred up his team, and was soon ' vane-
1 . • . ept. e .
will bi pon, s le possesses-tr sne
tt use them-ample e f b IC
neans 0 rea in u feet, and the statue, when his amiable &units -universal! , res e ted b
including the plinth, is 14 feet; . a e p c y his countrymen
g p the placed in its proper Position the mean height will be lai -by all the wise admired-beloved by all the good.-Lord under way at a rate which would leave a coramon high pres-
sure steam•boat out of sight in no time. -Netv Odeon ....
Jamai• L'warcll
s i { - Isl. & Hayti. a 15th day of H.M.R. Tvrian ' Reindeer
power of her DUAL formidable anta •
garnets. feet.-Durham Chronicle. Brougham. " Save us from our friends." Picayune. Carthagena
h •-
th 1 J •• ' ' '
