Rowland [lilt's system; the-enclosure of letters in taxed covers
the charge by weight, and the reduction of postage.
That if danger to the revenue be apprehended (though when
the immense increase of letters is considered, and that ult
would be sent by the post, it is humbly suggested there could
be none), your petitioner is of opinion that the postages udght.
fixed at twopence, including the whole expenses of cover,
instead of one penny, as proposed by Mr. Hill. -
That the advantages of such a measure to trade,diterature,
and science, are obvious; but that you petitioner's chief object
is to entreat your Honourable House to take into its serious
consideration the moral advantages which it will confer on all
classes of the community.
And your petitioner will ever pray.

CORRESPONDENCE.

TO THE DOCK TRUSTEES.

GENTLEMEN,—You have now obtained the sanction of the
common council to your resolution to build dock warehouses.
The common council, it is true, appeared ashamed at their late
meeting of their decisitin, when one of the thousand cases of the
injustice entailed thereby on individuals was plainly stated to
them; one ultra liberal, who, to use his own words, "perhaps
will vote more honestly with the ballot,"—(bear him, ye rate-
payers of St. Anne's Ward !)—argued that the injustice of their
.decision was not injustice, because "he assumed that" it will be
disputed in Parliament. (I suppose this is the age of reason"
or modern " black is white" code of morality.) Your principal
advocate appears to have been excited in an extraordinary
manner, and instead ot• argument, he assailed the gentlemen
who introduced the subject with a violent characteristic and
personal attack, for which even the Mayor reproved him : still
the council has sanctioned your resolution, and the proprietors
of land aid warehouses are preparing to resist your attempt—
allow me to avail myself of this interval to take a brief review
of the case.

The Liverpool docks and the present warehouses have grown
•up together to the present period, and display respectively, in
the strongest possible manner, the disadvantages of a Monopoly,
and the great advantage of general competition.
The dock est ate;alt hough separated from the corporate estate,
by the true liberality and wisdom •of the much-abused council of
old freemen of a former period, has still proved to be a grievous
monopoly of the whole harbourof the Mersey, the dock charges
being extravagantly high, and the doCk accommodation totally
inadequate to the want of the port, with an entire disregard to
minor facilities, and an ample supply of arbitrary regulations,
fence, and insolence.

Warehouses, on the other hand—mark the difference—being
left to the general competition of individuals, have been erected
to an extent far exceed►ng the wants of the town, and in such
situations as were found most convenient. Warehouse room is
consequently abirays abundant, and at very low charges, in
Liverpool. ••

• .BefOre entering into this contest, in which, if successful, you
would greatly injure or ruin property exceeding in value the
duck estate, belonging to individuals more numerousand power-
ful than yourselves, and directly tending to reduce to want nu-
merous poor persons interested in•carts, many casters and por-
ters, it is certainly- due to them, and to the inhabitants at large
of this great and populous town, as Your measure, if carried out,
will gently deteriorate all house and land, as well as warehouse
property, it is due, l say, to the inhabitants, that you investigate
the causes of delay in discharging ships, and prove to the public,
that the.whole delay arises from the situation of the present
warehouses, and that the expenses -of rent greatly exceed the
same charges in other large ports, and that the only remedy is
to build dock warehouses.

It is obvious that if dock warehouses are an advantage, they
must be general and adequate to the whole trade.of the port, but
common sense rejects the notion that vessels will be discharged
one iota faster because there are dock warehouses on the quay,
there being already upwards of 100 warehouses on the dock
quays. Surely, the liberals and free traders amongst you do
not contemplate 'applying for exclusive privileges fur the dock
warehouses, and so bolster up a system which must inevitably,
though gradually, ruin all the other warehouses in the town,
and eventually establish a monopoly fur the dock warehouses,
as no individuals can contend against a public body with ex-
clusive privileges and public funds. The statement of Mr. Har-
bord clearly proves, that the warehousing charges at Liverpool,
including cartage, are less than the warehousing charges of
London, exclusive of cartage.

The facts, that large West India vessels have frequently been
discharged in two or three days, the recent instance of Messrs.
J. B. Yates and Co.'s ship Brilliant discharged a Jamaica cargo
in 20 hours, the frequent rapid discharge of American packet-
ships, and 1 will say, the general despatch in the discharge of
ships from the United States, abundantly prove, that the situa-
tion of warehouses does not affect the question.
I maintain, that the whole delay arises before the merchandise
reaches the scale to be weighed, and is attributed to the following
causes:—Want of dock accommodation—delay of merchants in
entering their respective goods—the regulations of the customs
as to entry of cargo'hefore the vessel is put on turn for a land-
ing•waiter=want of landing-waiters'and shdrlness of working
timei—dock regulations not giving a birth till ship is put on
turn fora landing-waiter—loss of time on procuring and rigging
stays- want of cranes for discharging—the inefficient number
of porters sent by merchants to receive their goods.
I submit that the true remedies are:—'That every cargo be
bonded by the shipowner on the day of arrival—that the customs
he required to procure more landing-waiters and officers; and
to extend the time for working—that all vessels discharge at
two hatchways—that an organised system of porters be establish-
ed to provide plenty of me❑ to receive cargo as fast as landed,
and put it expeditiously through the scale—and, finally, that you
gentlemen of the dock committee exert yourselves strenuously
in your proper department by providing more dock and quay
accommodation—providing efficient bodies of men to work the
docks, providing stages and crane both for discharging ships
and loading off• the goods so as to render the present docks inure
efficient, extending the dock sheds, and adopting an improved
system with them, and reducing the dock-rates, if you have too
much money.

If you labinir zealously in these improvements, permit me to
assure you, that you will do infinitely more service to the trade
of the port, than by squandering the funds of the dock estate,at
present unfortunately under your charge, in mischievous at-
tempts to alter and extend an already overgrown monopoly, by
covering half the present deficient quay space with dock ware-
houses.—l remain, Gentlemen,

Your obedient servant,
A SHIPOWNER.

To the Dock Committee, Liverpool.

ST. GEORGE'S HALL.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STAXIMRD.

Ste,—The period is approaching when• preparations will be
made for our Musical Festival, and the building of the hall is
abandoned, at least for the present; so that it is very probable
that one of our churches must again be used for the purpose of
the performances, itti the great inconvenience of the congrega•
tion. . I feel confident that if the gentlemen who issued a pros-
pectus some time ago for the erection of a Music Hall, and
which project merged into that of the intended St. George's
Hall, were to recommence their labours, the number of shares.
requisite to make a building worthy of this great town, and
suitable for our festivals as well as other public purposes, would
soon be subscribed for, and might be completed in time for the
forthcoming festival. I understand that the applications for
shares in the Music Hall, previous to the public meeting at the
Town Hall. were sufficient to have commenced theundertaking,
but in consequence of the proceedings at that meeting, were, in
a manner, transferred to the intended St. George's Hall. The
land, 1 presume, would be available as proposed by the Corpo-
ration; the design and extent of the building might be in ac-
cordance with the space; and, therefore, if the originators of the
Music Hall will only persevere, the public, I feel certain, will
take a lively interest -in promoting the work to completion.—
Yours; &c., AN APPLICANT FOR SHARES.

[We have received several other communications on the
subject of a public-hall, and shall be glad to receive any authen-
ticated information in reply to the above"

PUBLIC AMUSEMENTS.

MADAME Fit.trowicz's CONCERT.—Last evening this lady,
whose performances_ on the violin—an inStrun:ent hitherto
considered as wholly out of the sphere, and almost above the
reach of successful female attainment—have excited much re-
mark iu the musical world, gave a concert at the Templar's-
hall, Great George-street. We were glad to see so full an at-
tendance. Novelty here, as 'on all occasions, was the source of
attraction to many. As a violinist, Madame Filipowicz may he
considered as a first-rate performer. There is nothing extra-
ordinary about her playing, further than it is extraordinary to
hear a lady play such an instrument, and so well. Her style is
plain and devoid almost of all ornament; but this is made
up by the firm; even, round, and sometimes splendid tone she
produces out of her instrument • and on occasions she exhibits
great execution and command of bow. We confess that, to us,
whether it be from habit or association of ideas, there appeared
something unfeminine in this lady's performances which,
while we could not hut admire and applaud it, was repulsive.
The excitement and vigourous movement of the bow arm in
going through a rapid passage of music ill accords with our
notions of female delicacy. Mons. Filipowicz inflicted on the
audience a dolorous Polish melody which would not have been
tolerated from an. English singer. Szczepanowski played, in a
masterly manner? a fantasia on the guitar, in which lie intro-
duced several sweet melodies. It is an instrument, however,
the hest music from, which is scarcely worth hearing. Mr.
Haddock played'a , solo on .-the violoncello ,with much taste.
He was londly:applarided• The Messrs. Herrmann also lent
their valuable aid.. The concert passed off extremely well.
THEATRE ROYAL.—Mr. and Mrs. Wood continue at this
theatre to the end of this week. Last evening the opera of
"La Sonnambula" was repeated to- a very good house. On
Wednesday the opera of "Cinderella" is to be brought out.
The pantomime still continues to form the afterpiece. It abounds
in the usual quantum of pantomimic tricks.

EASTERN BANK OF SCOTLAND.—We observe by a paragraph
in the.Duadee Chronicle, of sth May, that the amount of capital
for the purpose of constituting the com-
required for the constitution of the company having now been
cuatuilcelai ifnotr)raentehaarnlysduabysciribed, a meeting of the' partners will be
pany, and transacting other necessary business.
TE HE LATE FIR IN RteitsioNn-itow.—ln consequence of
many erroneous statements having gone the round of the papers
respecting the extent to which Mr. T. Bradley was insured, he
has requested us to state, (as he deems it necessarv,) that
though the Liverpool Insurance Company has behaved in the
most honorable manner, he will still be a considerable loser.
The account rendered in to the committee amounted to upwards
(4E2,700, whereas the insurance only covered £1500; of this,
adding the value of the salvage which the company generously
allowed him, his loss will exceed £llOO —(See advertisement.)
We have this week to announce the death of the Rev. Francis
Barnes, D.D.. late Master of St. Peter's College, in this
university. He was originally educated at Eton and King's
College, was an eleant scholar, and endeared to all who knew
him by the cheerfulness of his disposition, the easy urbanity of
his manners, and his ready kindness to all, of whatever rank
and order, who could benefit by his assistance. lie was Master
of the College fur fifty years. and died at his lodge on Tuesday
last, *he Ist. of May, at the advanced age of 91. The venerable
gentleman also held the Professorship of Casuistry, to which he
was elected in 1813. He proceeded to the degree of 8.A., in
1768.—Cambridge Chronicle. [Dr., Barnes was a native of
Bolton,• near Lancaster, and uncle of Mrs. Leather, Upper
Parliament-street.]
ACCIDENTS.—On Saturday a brewer's dray was coming down
Rupert.place, Everton, when the horses took fright and 'ran
against the shop of a greengrocer, at the corner pr the brow.
An old woman, who had been at the overseer's to seek relief,
was much bruised by the dray running against her,—On the
same day a country cart, from Kirby, was standing at the top
of Richmond-row, the driver having gone into a puttliC-Isouse to
drink. The horse took fright, and a buy who who 'was inside.
in emleAvouring to check its career, teas thrown out. The
wheel went over his body, and. he was conveyed to the Infirmary
with but slight bores of .recovery.

LIVERPOOL MECIIANIqS INSTITUTION

LECTURE ON POLAND

On Saturday evening Minis. N. F. Zaba, a Polish exile, de-
livered a lecture
.01 extreme interest upon the repealed struggles
which Poland has wade to preserve and obtain her liberty as
welt as upon her pi esent state. We never saw enthusiasm here
so highly worked up in an audience than it was (luring the de-
livery of this lecture, and certainly the animated delivery, the
simple unadoseed pathos, and impressive language of the lec-
turer, were sullicient to have invested a less noble subject with
the highest irnlr
The history of a native that has occupied for many ages the
high station among the nations, and whose struggles for inde-
pendence have excited the deepest sympathy throughout Europe,
cannot but be of the greatest interest to evety intelligent mind.
I step forward to give you a brief sketch of the political history
of my nation, for I believe that a knowledge of its political his-
tory will always excite for Poland the deepest sympathy.
As no nation on the face of the earth can boast of having en-
joyed at au early period the advantages of goof and free insti-
tutions, Poland likewise made a slow but gradual improvement
in the social state. • History shows no light upon her early days.
It seems, however, that the Poles existed as a nation 1,000 years.
ago. Its political existence would appear to date from the 8:h.
century. It is to be regretted that we have very imperfect ac-:
counts of the early relig:on of the Poles, as they would have
afforded most interesting ideas of the state of the inhabitants,
nevertheless we have the authority of the earliest chronicles that
mildness must have been its concomitant, as no persecution was
ever raised against the missionaries in their pious labours. The
cbtistian religion was very generally diffused towards the, end
of the tenth century, and from that period to 138 G. In spite of
the most unfavourable circumstances, Poland gradually. rose to
a prosperous and social state. The Poles were divided into two
classes, the equestrian order, or the uobleswho fought on horse-
back against the enemies of their country, and the serfs, to
whom were confided the labours of husbandry. The eques-
trian order was established upon the broadest principles of de-
mocracy; for no distinctions were known amongst them, there
were no titles, but they called one another .by the fond name of
brother. Again, the law of entail, that powerful instrument of
the feudal system, never existed in Poland. Every member of
a large family enjoyed the same privileges, and shared in the
pr-eterty of ttieir parents, hence they•grew gradually to a giant
strength, and this will account to you why the Poles, amidst all
their struggles, have preserved a strong attachment to their
birth-place and liberty. The second order, although I ate dis-
posed to say but few words in defence of the system, which de-
prives a large portion of the country of their rights; still the
Polish serf proved in his bondage the nobleness of the human
rage, for how could he be so brave in the defence of his master,
if he was so degraded as some writers say, who have never had
an opportunity of judging for themselves? History informs its,
that as early as 1347, a diet or Parliament •as called, in order
to frame laws calculated to encourage commerce and industry
in the city, and to give a wise and just government to the king-
dom: In 1486 a new dynasty was introduced into the king-
dom, and after 200 years she attained a high rank among the
nations. At the end of the fourteenth century the hereditary
monarchy gave •way to the elective, and she immediately.
made rapid strides in civilization and freedom. She became
famous for eminent men in every department of literature, and
in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries deputies were sent
front every district, with the view of consulting together for the
promotion of the happiness of the couutry. Liberal ideas were
daily gaining ground in Poland. and after the death of the last
King of the Jacquenots, the Polish throne became vacant.
The Poles were called upon to fill up the vacant monarchy, and
in 1573 they determined that every king in- future should be
elected by the votes -of the majority of the electors. Every
Polish as well as foreign nobleman was entitled to become a
candidate, but he was not crowned before he siened a solemn
compact called " Pacta conventa." If he violated this, his
subjects were absolved from their allegiance. I feel compelled
to own that this elective monarchy was the cause of the downfall
of Poland, but if it had been properly conducted, this would not
have been the case. The principal cause of the misfortunes of
Poland is„that.she allowed the foreign princes to sue for the
crown. No sooner was there a vacancy, than the most bare-
faced bribery and influence was resorted to, and the foreign gold
had a baneful influence upon the morals and character of the
nation. A foreign prince elected to the Polish throne, being a
stranger to the laws and genius of the people, could feel but
little interest in the promotion of their welfare, compared with
a native, whilst this kindness ever bent upon strangers„ to
render the Polish throne hereditary in his family. Thus, a
great deal of the miseries of Poland was the election of tbreign
princes. Another cause was its geographical situation, en-
compassed by three great powers, the Poles could not make a
single effort without being obliged to fight their way. That the
elective monarchy had its bright traits as well as its dark ones,
was evident in the life of John Sobieski, whose name is known
through the whole civilized world, wherever the sound of
liberty has reached. Who is ignorant of the magnanimous ex-
ploits of John Sobieski before the walls of Vienna, when it was
besieged by 300,000 Turks. On that occasion he took the field
'in defence of Christianity, and restored Austria to her former
eminence, and returned without claiming any reward for his
services to his own country,
,covered alone with the glory of
that event. Ali Europe was filled with the praises of Johu
Sobieski, and they did not fear to say that there was a man sent
down by heaven, whose name was John. This brilliant event
alone ought to have secured to the Poles the assistance of all
Europe, at least of Austria, when they were struggling for their
political existence. But we shall see that Austria herself, to
her eternal disgrace, leagued herself with the enemies of
Poland to work out her destruction

The election of foreign princes to the Polish throne ought to
be considered as the chief cause of all her misfortunes. They
had neither morals nor genius, and she constantly kept up re-
lations with foreign princes contrary to the interests of the peo-
ple. The intimate friendship which subsisted between Frederick
Augustus, the second king of Poland, and Peter the Great of
Russia, introduced for the first time the power of the Russian
cabinet into Poland. Peter's first step towards the subjugation.
of Poland was by persuading Frederick Augustus that he would
never be able to realize his purpose of rendering the throne
hereditaty as long as a standing army of 80,000 men was kept
up. Frederick persuaded the Poles, on,the score of economy,
to reduce this army to 18,000, and, from this impolitic act per-
formed in 1770, cotinenced-the decline of Poland, for when we
consider that Poland is surrounded by three powerful potentates,
who kept up large military forces, it will at once be seen. that
Poland, by disbanding her forces, exposed herself to imminent
danger. At the death of Frederick Augustus in 1773, she speedi-
ly discovered, though Russia and Prussia were united in their
eshiro.i,sAasytohuetilig
ktinna
gn ,bywtilti.heottany talents, was proposed to
determination to cause- her to accept a king contrary to her
powers. His name was Sta-
nislaus Poniatowski. No sooner was this known than the pa-
triots refused to concur in the election, but being overawed by
the Russian and Prussian troops, they were obliged to proclaiiii
him as the Polish king. in 1774. We are now arrived at the
reigned' the last king of Poland, that epoch so disastrous nod so
'pregnant with misfOrtunes. Soon after the election of Stands_
laps to the Polish throne, the conduct of the Russian ambassador
showed the end of his mission. He sowed dissention anyone the
Poles, and urged them to take up arms against the government.
The empress Catherine, alarmed at the progress made by the
patriots in asserting their rights, sent orders to her ambassador
to the seize the people who had taken part in the rising, and to
send them to Siberia. Her order being executed, threw the
whole country into the most feverish excitement. An eminent
Pole called his countrymen to arms at Basle, and there a con-
federation was formed, the object of which was to put an end to
all foreign intervention. The patriots assembled around his
banner, and very soon he mustered a very considerable array.
When we consider that for four years, without a standing army,
without the means of providing for war, these brave Poles
maintained themselves against a well-organised army, we can-
not but award them our admiration. In vain the Polish ambas-
sadors visited every court of Europe, imploring assistance for
his countrymen. The empress Catherine excited the Cossacks
against the Poles, by alleging that they were fighting in defence
of theii! religion. 't he y surprised a small town in Podoli, and
put all the inhabitants to the sword. At least the patriots
found themselves in the most critical situation, and the ap-
pearance of both the Prussian and Austrian armies in Poland,
put an entire end to all- their hopes, and they were obliged
to submit to their hard fate. Then it was, in 1772, that the
first partition of Poland was effected. This atrocious conduct
of the three neighbouring states roused the Poles, and they as-
siduously endeavoured to ascertain the source of all their evils,
and to reconstruct their government upon a firm basis. In 1788,
a 'diet was called in, which the regeneration of Poland was re-
solved upon. The state of politics seemed highly favourable.
Austria and Prussia were engaged in a war with Turkey.
Prussia encouraged the Poles in their design, and promised to
lend her assistasace, Should the Poles require it, to regain her
final independence. I,ri the mean time, the labours of the diet
seemed to he completed, and they gave a new constitution to
'the country in 1791, according to the tenor of which elective.
monarchy was abolished, and liberty proclaimed to all classes.
The diet passed a law that their constitution should be revised
every twenty years, by an extraordinary diet, called for that
purpose, and such alteratious introduced as the spirit of the
times might require. No sooner was this constitution pro-
claimed than it excited the utmost euthusiastniand joy through-
out Poland. The empress Catherine protested against it, and,
by her promises and bribes, -induced five nobles out of the
whole number likewise to protest against it, and to call upon
her for her aid and protection. Slie immediately assumed a
warlike tone, and threatened the Poles with her vengeance if
they should dare to carry their constitution into operation.
The Poles flew to arms and called upon the King of Prussia
for the assistance which he had promised .them, but, to their
surprise, he at once altered his disposition towards the Poles,
and declared himself for Russia. This conduct needs no corn-
tnent—it speaks for itself. The King Stanislaus, instead of de-
fending his country to the last drop of his blood, yielded to the
demands of the empress. Thus the constitution was abolished,
and the bigotted tyrant effected a second partition of Poland in
1793: this constitution, liberty was given to all classes, and
any native or foreigner had free permission to settle anywhere
in Poland, for the purpose of carrying on their trades or ayuca-,
tions I ask you, now, if the principles of this constitution are
pernicious to social order, as Russia and Prussia dared to re-
present them in the face of the world? I ask you, now, if it
is not evident that the only crime of Poland is-her desire to be
free ? Had the Poles been allowed to carry on a reform pro-
tnising so much for the good of the country —a reform gained
without a single drop of blood—a reform which was so highly
approved of by the nation at large, Poland would have become
a land of happiness—a land of liberty. I need not bias your
judgments by quoting the opinions of celebrated men in those
times who highly appreciated the spirit of this Polish constitu-
tion. Burke said, in parliament,. in 1791, that it was the greatest
boon which was ever conferred upon humanity, for it aimed
a deadly blow to slavery. But this extract from the constitu-
tion sufficiently shows ahat it was a most glorious work of legis-
lation. _

After these events Poland became an object of hatred to her
neighbours. They could not bear a free nation for their neigh-
bour. It was a thorn in theii side, and they were afraid that
the Poles, if allowed to carry on their reforms, would arrive at
the maturity of good, and he the means of endangering their
own thrones by communicating throughout their dominions the
desire of liberty. Accordingly they begun to plan the total
extinction of Pttland, and visited the Poles with heavy oppres-
sions.. In consequence of this they flew again to arms in 1794,
and appointed Kosciusko to be their commander-in•chief. They
proclaime.d liberty to all people, and it was oo such principles as
these that Kosciusko placed himself at the bead of the troops.
Ile compelled the King of Prussia to raise the siege of War-
saw, and make a precipitate retreat. But although a skilful
general, his situation beeame gradually encompassed with
difficulties. Kosciusko attempted to stop the advance of the
enemy, and for some time the Poles defended their post against
most disproportionate numbers. Their brave general was
resolved to sell his life at the dearest rate—wherever danger
was to he found there Kosciusko was likewise to be met with.
.It was impossible to predict what would. have been the result of
this bloody day if Kosciusko, carried on too much by his bra-
very, had not been grievously wounded ; and the report circu-
lating that be was killed, Threw the Polish ranks into great
confusion. But the fate of Kosciusko was not as it had been
generally supposed, he was recognised amongst the slain, his
wounds were dressed, and he was made a Russian prisoner.
Whilst his wounds were yet fresh he was taken to St. Peters-
burgh, and condemned to a dungeon for life. The father of the
present emperor, upon his accession, give him his liberty, and
Kosciusko retired to a more congenial clime, and died in 1770
lit Switzerland. The news of that disastrous event quickly

spread to Warsaw. The netional forces were concentrated at
Prague, which was defended with the utmost bravery, but being
at length taken by Su,yarro ‘vi 2,),000 of the iohaliitants were
butchered or that merciless eeueral. When Prague was lying
in ruins •Warsaw capitulated, and the remains of the pa.riots
retired.to foreien lands. The empress Catherine sent orders to
that weak prince Stanklaus fur his •abdicatiOn. Hail he pos-
sessed sufficient courage to have resisted this in 1775 he would
have redesmed a life of blunders; but he went to beg a resi•
deuce in the Russian capital. Thus was Poland, after defeuding
Europe against the ineursious of the .Tertars and Turks, per-
mitted by civilized Europe so be deprived of a political existence
without the Least solid cause, for history cannot lay•any charge
at her door.
After this, the Poles expatriated themselves. The French
republic gives a shelter to them, and the Polish legions were
;erased it, Italy in 1796. They, were not 'attached to the perso-
nal interests of •Buonaparte, as some writers think, for, at the
time thee, were formed. his power was limited to the generalship.
But when he afterwards attained his great power by means of
his surprising genius, then the Poles looked up to hint in the
hope of recovering tn. independence of their country. After
the brilliant victory of the battle of Jena, Napoleon became the
sole toaster of the destinies' of •Poland; but in 1807, instead of
restoring Poland to her former eminence, to the greatest sur-
prise of the Poles he created this country an Archduchy of
Warsaw; but in his expedition into Russia, in 1812, he needed
the Poles. 11;etory will specially blame the conduct of Napo-
. leon on this. occasion, fur not recognizing the independence of
Poland. In his disastrous retreat he was taught, uufurtunately
too late, the importance of Poland as an independent state.
The Holy Alliance which was formed shortly after at Vienna
for the purpose of interposing a barrier to the Russian power,
contemplated the iudepeudence of Poland as important to the
preservation of the peace of Europe: England, Austria, and
France declared themselves in favour of the Poles. Russia; on
the contrary, claimed the possession of Poland under the pre-
text of having rendered great services in the deposition of Na-
poleon. In spite of this demand, England, France, and Aus-
tria seemed to be firm with respect to their intentions to Poland.
A treaty was spoken of to compel Russia to comply with the
wisheiof the Congress, but the sudden appearance of Buona-
parte gave a different tense to the debate, for Russia threatened
to withdraw her assistance if Poland was not given up. France,
of course, now could take no part in the affair, and the event
was; that Poland was given up in order to secure the services of
Russia against the incursions of Napoleon. In. the mean time
the Battle of Waterloo put an end to the reign of Napoleon,
and Louis went back to Paris. The charter of 1815 raised the
fondest hopes in the bosoms of the Poles; but it was soon evi-
dent that this charter was never intended for use, but merely to
blind the eyes of the ignorant. The autocrat of Russia with-
drew every means of education from the Poles. The better to
promote his designs, he sent the Grand Duke Constantine to be
the executor of his project—or, in fact, to be the executor of
Poland, and he was so. The liberty of the press was in a short
time curtailed. A department of vigprous censorship was esta-
blished, the task of which was not only to inspect all books im-
ported from abroad, but also to interfere with the manner in
which the youth was taught. Court menials assumed the func-
tions of civil tribunals, and they subjected to the most degra-
ding- punishment, men whose only anxiety was to save their
country from the trammels of corruption. The charter only
existed by name. On the smallest suspicion, the most peaceful
and retired citizens were taken away from the bosoms of their
families and thrown into dungeons, without any trial. To crown
this despotic power, the very innocent victims were bound to
keep carefully the secret of their long and cruel sufferings, on
their return to their homes under the pain of suffering the
punishment of severe confinement. The name of the Grand
Duke Constatitine will ever be associated with the feelings of
horror in every Polish breast. He- employed spies to furnish
him every day with the gossip of the town, and there was nut
a man of liberal opinions who escaped punishment.,
As it is here a question to shew you to what extent the
government of Russia carried on their oppression of the Poles,
I may be excused in bringing before you somethinglin con-
nexion with my own person. In 1837 f bought a commission
in the army, and from time to time to employ to the best, my
leisure time, I wrote short paragraphs in the papers. I hap-
pened to snake some few observations on the state of politics in
Europe—the passage must have been very moderate, as it met
the approbation of the censorship—but it met with the dis-
approbation of the Grand Duke. I was imprisoned for four
months, and not satisfied with this punishment, when my turn
came to be advanced to a higher rank in the army, lie omitted
me. Then I wished to retire from the army and petitioned the
Grand Duke to that effect. The application was refused, and
he ordered use to remain in Warsaw. I petitioned four times
without effect. I pervailed upon the medical board to give me
a certificate that my health was so far impaired that it was im-
possible for me to remain any longer in the service. This pe-
tition was disregarded, and he sent au order to the board that
if I were not restored to health in a fortnight. the medical
board would be dismissed from their office • and I was obliged
for the safety of the officers to state that I was better. It was
two years before Lobtained my dismissal. It could be easy to
give many instances of this kind.
In order to shew you in a stronger light the faithless conduct
of Nicholas and Alexander to Poland, let us look at the state
of the old division of Poland. Were the stipulations which
were made performed? No! but the contrary. The youth in
progress of -education was particularly aimed at, —but it is not
so easy to stifle the propagation of generous sentiments—the
youth combined among themselves and formed an association.
But scarcely had the intelligence of this association reached the
ears of the Emperor of Russusand the Grand Duke Constantine,
than orders were given for the apprehension of all these young
men, and the prisons were filled with them, even with youths of
no inure than 12 to 15 years of age. Fortunes were applied to
elicit from them confessions of a dangerous crime. They were
confined without water to slake thei? thirst, and when in a state
of delirium a glass of water was brought to them in order to in-
duce them to make a confession of their crime. Some of them
were executed in prison. Again, the emperor was so intent
upon changing the face of the old habits of the Poles, that he
withdrew the Polish language from the schools and public
offices. - Liberty, justice, and virtue are words not to be found
in she Russian language. There is no crime which could obtain
au acquittal for money, unless you happen to be a just man—
and sympathise with the oppressed—in that case, justice in
Russia pronounces you to be a dangerous man to the g ,od of
the state, and you are sure to end your days in Siberia. Again,
if you wish for promotion, you are obliged to offer a certain sum
to those in whose hands-the power rests, but it another offers a
larger sum than you, the appointment is made in favour of him.
Thus, the greatest corruption prevails in Russia. The salary
attached to any office, is very inconsiderable, therefore, the
holders raise their ' incomes entirely by extortion. The salary
Of a chief governor amounts only to £l6a year, but his real in-
come is upwards of £3OOO, which he raises'in some such means
as the'frillo4ying. He gives out that smuggling has been carried
on to such an extent that he is obliged to order all the shops to
be shut up to search for the suspected goods, and as such an
event is a great injury to a shoekeeper, he offers a large suns to
induce the governor to recall his order. if a deserter has
escaped, the govenor can cause the farmers to keep their ser-
vants from the farm for some time, under the pretext of search-
ing the premises, and in order to. prevent the injury which
might he done to his crops in the mean time through want of
the proper attention, the fanner is obliged to pay large sums
for the exemption from the order. In this way the people are
obliged to pay daily. A medical man is appointed to a certain
dist} ict on payment of a certain sum, and he again obliges all
tth, other medical practitioders on that district to pay him for
permission to practise. The farmer, too, is obliged to pay him
a heavy amount or be would declare their cattle diseased, and
thus keep thin out. of the market. The peasants of Russia
hold in abhorrence the military service. They are obliged to
serve for 25 years, and after that time they have very little
chance to return to their own homes. Tne pay of the military
is miserable—a colonel receives £6O a yeas, a captain £35, and
a private about £l, and besides that, two pounds of course black
bread, and half a pound of beef per day. The officers, in
order re keep up their rank, are obliged to rob their regiment,
so that the private soldier, in place of a pound, scarcely re-
ceives 2s. 6.1. a year in his hand. The clergy endeavour to in-
culcate a bet E•f that every one who dies in the service of the
emperor is sure of a place in heaven.
After all these contumelies cite it he wondered at that the
Poles should rise on the 29th November, 1830? Were they
not compelled to 'do so? Freedom ! It is more pleasant to
bleed at thy shrine than to sleep hut a moment in chains. The
Poles flew to arms, not for any love of a military life, but in
defence efeheir own right—l hey. flew to arnis ; and all Europe,
astonished at the event, turned their regard towards Poland,
persuaded that at the first approach of the Russian army she
would he at once'overwhelnied. The Russian forces brought
against them in February following amounted to '200,000 men.
The Rtissian General summoned the Poles to submit, but his
summons excited universal indignation, and a refusal to com-
ply with it was .returned to the ltaissian camp. The first engage-
ment took place on the 26th February, 18.31, within sight of
Warsaw. The Russians had snore than 150,000 'men in the
field, and 300 cannon,—the P01e5•36,000 men, and 85 cannon.
This mass of artillery vomited lire, iron, and smoke durine the
day. At last the Russians retired, leaving. about 9.000 'dead
upon the field of battle, and all Europe, struck with admiration,
began to feel a lively interest in the success of the Poles. Many
battles were fought with varied success on both sides, of which
the battle of Australenska was one 'of the most sanguinary.
The field of battle remained in the possession of the Poles.
The inhabitants of parts which formerly belonged to Poland
flocked in to join the patriot army. In Lithuania, a province
three times as large as the whole of Poland, a lady, Miss Plata,
was the first to effect a rising. She marcheti at the head of a
considerable detachment, raised and supplied at her own ex-
pence, and joined the patriots. The" Russians watched every
rise of the ruse rectos, and the unfortunate country was the
scene of the most 'horrible events. The cattle were plundered,
the houses and effects of the rich destroyed, and the whole coun-
try laid waste. The melancholy catastrophe of the fall of 'War-
saw became a cause of mourning all over the world, and Poland
became the idol of every patriot. The ladies were to be seen
on the field of battle, like guaidian angels, affording assistance
and consolation to those who had the misfortune to fall under
the blots of the enemy. They were to be seen in every hospi-
yv
cicsteract::ll.tiillite,linffiiiemitne:estettiiid)holltit,ste::et:ti.d,axlaevni.te,tugulitliilhttpp:rteceietoleaiistuotrlii,:zunp,e(Eilishrerveile,,pie.nvealeftea.siseornr.fa.eptyclebtwenhilit.eetetrilalsar,ualetteininseog'obdodalbti(s)nialidnrtieettghudi
a;g:lsogtnituh;,liceb:etsi
nhiEte.(eiir'fstiffiensr.ttleoeecr
tneoh;:.
essflt
in;
rt:r.hny'alat.'r
dees This
esieft
Ite
d
yarethtehoasetroccailteiues.
on. Behold may poor country
subjected for seven years to the atrocities of the Emperor
Nicholas. Behold Poland clothed in mourning, lamenting in
tears at one time, for her sons slain in battle, at another time
for her exiles, and again for her children, torn from her bosom
and sent to the mines of Siberia. It was not enough for him
that the dungeons were filled with those who fell into his power;
it is not enough that thousands left their country—for there are
10,000 Poles now in exile, of whom upwards of 5000 are in
Prance. It was not enough that such a large number were
obliged to leave their country. It was not enough that 5000
families were sent to Mount Caucasus. All this was not
enough ; but he has caused the children to be carried away from
their mothers, under the plausible pretext of taking care of
them and instructing them in Russia, as if the Polish mothers
were unable to attend to such an interesting task. The Em-
peror of Russia caused the children to be carried away to Russ.
sia for the object of bringing them up in the Russian schools,
to make them forget their native country, their language, and
to make them trio! Russian subjects. He causes from time. to
time a number to be transported, and not very long ago 300
children were taken away from the confines of Warsaw. Some
of these unfortunate children are frequently unable to undergo
the hardships of a long journey anti die on the road, but as the
officer in charge having given a receipt for a certain number of
children, is obliged to deliver the same number at the end of his
journey, in case of a death he sends persons into the country to
seize other children to make up the number which have died.
Alt this cruelty is directed against the children of those who
have escaped his reach by voluntary exile. One of his officers
entered the house of a lady fur the purpose of separating her
from her two children. Per prayers and outcries were adopted
but they availed her nothing. At last she became calm, and
holee'ed to give the children some token of remembrance before
she parted with them for ever. -She went into a closet, and
ts.
,ehtiticrhu:rnlsied
i,na,very short tune. She pressed the children to her
breast, but, it was too quickly seen, from the piercing screams
that she had plunged daggers into the hearts of
her children. Ilavintr then turned them into her own, she
bade the officer tell the emperor that it was thus that Polish
ladies
,submitted to a separation from their children.—
