MAURITIUS.

Mr. Hum* presented a petition from M. H. Hetie and
another person, agents for Mauritius, complaining of the de-
fective administration of justice in that colony, and also of
having been obliged to pay £l,OOO for the detention of Mr.
Jeremie. The petition, after a short discussion, was laid on
table.

MARINE INSURANCES.
In answer to a question from Mr. ROBINSON, the Chancellor
of the Exchequer said a was not his intention to propose any al-
teration in the rates of marine insurance duties.
THE APPRENTICESHIP SYSTEM IN THE COLONIES.
Mr. F. BUXTON moved the appointment of aselect committee
" to inquire into the working of the apprenticeship system in
the colonies, the com:ition of the apprentices, and the laws and
regulations affecting them which have been passed." In sup-
port of his motion, he went into extended details, to show that
the colonists, being secure of the enormous grant made to them,
had not adopted measures to carry into effect the law which
granted them such compensation. The course pursued by
the West India colonists, he firmly believed was this—to get in
the first instance possession of the money, and then to get back
as lame a portion of the slavery as they could. Until they got
hold (if the money they were professedly zealous abolitionists,
and from that day to this nothing had been done excepting that
the House of Assembly had insulted the governor, and had also
insulted that house." He therefore moved for a committee of
inquiry.
Lord STANLEY justified the course adopted by the colonial
department during the time that he formed a Dart of the govern-
ment, and concluded as follows:—Taking the measure in the
most unfavourable point of view which the hon. member for
Weymouth could suggest, in consequence of the government
coming to that decision, he (Lord Stanley) should never have
cause to regret having been the humble means of carrying into
effect one of the greatest measures that had ever passed the
'British legislature, not only without bloodshed and -laughter,
as by many bad been anticipated would be the case, but which
had bad the effect of working the greatest possible improvement
in the condition of every class of persons m the colonies. In
the welfare of the planter he rejoiced, but not more than he did
in the improved condition of the slave population under the
apprenticeship system, which was now fast drawing to a elose.
-Sir G. GREY said that he should not resist the motion. It
, was not the desire of the government at home to coerce the
colonies, nor to show any disrespect towards the assemblies,
but there was a duty towards the negroes and the British public
which must be enforced.
After a few words from Mr. O'CONNELL to the effect that
they had a right and were bound in duty to scrutinize the whole
working of the system,
Me. W. E. GLADSTONE said that upon the last occasion he
was well satisfied and glad to leave the matter to which this dis-
cussionopplied in the hands of .theveveseilaertt-of Earl Grey !
and ha could have, wished that on the present occasion he
could have remained silent. But if it were the intention of his
Majesty's government to grant the committee then moved for,
he wished it to be well understood with what objects they were
to go into committee. If it were true, as had been represented
by the honourable member, that corporal punishments had de-
creased amongst the negroes, and that their condition was ame-
liorated, how could he reconcile that with the statement that
the West Indians had turned round upon the British people,
anxious, if possible, to evade the conditions of the grant ? The
honourable member for Weymouth had characterised a system
of eight hours labour per day as an abomination. Now those who
were acquainted with the labour of the working people in Eng-
land would be at a loss to find how these 42 hours, or 45 hours
should be distributed on different days. He believed, indeed,
that there Nis atreadv on the table of the house a bill, which
had been iffroduced by the right hon. gent., the President of
the Board of Trade (whether rightly or wrongly' introduced he
would not stop to inquire), which bill proposed to enact that
every child 0112 years of age and upwards should be worked
12 hours a day. He must call much of the feeling whii'h is ex-
cited on this question, however much he might respect the mo-
tives of individuals misdirected' philanthropy. because nearer
home there were '
stronger causes for sympathy. It would be
much better if
lanen these questions every one should forget for;
rner prophecies
which might have been made. The hon. mem-
ber for Weymouth(Mr Buxton) himself had contended, at
one time, that a
never would sueeautell of mixed coercion and remuneration
e thought then that they would be much
more likely to arrive at
refrained 'train a candid consideration of the matter if
they
Gladstone) was not wietraiitiug former prophecies. He (Mr
appointment of this eoraltteupprehensions of the result of the
of the apprenticeships; far, e.
He was not, indeed, afraid
suaded that the system had °Zrittl:ei 'contrary, he was per-
terd. and would work bet-
than they had any ri Ist
ourable gentleman. he might be pe to' eat et The h"-
.. to say, took a very
exaggerated view of the question when h;
westsPlaukdniT, of the immense
boon which had been made to the
interest. He
glieearnt." Had
must protest against the term of "the enormeus
4to that
the bon. gentleman applied the word liberal or
grant, he should not have commented on it. But dindu
to say that the West India proprietors had received moreugian
a fair compensation ? He referred to the declarations of 04
who were considered as forming the anti-slavery party, in which
they announced themselves to be pledged to spare no prudent
exertions, and leave no constitutional means untried until
slavery bad merged in perfect freedom ; and he appealed to the

hon. member for Weymouth, as the avowed organ of that party,
whether it would be wise to take any steps which could have the
effect of re-opening discussions which had been already settled,
and of re-kindling resentments which were thought to have
been—though, by some, for a time only—hushed to rest? He
complained of the revival of that system of agitation which
might have been necessary during the existence of slavery, but
which now could only lead to mischief. He complained of the
means which had been taken by gentlemen out of doors to con-
, vey misrep:.esentatious upon this subject ; and though he could
not but feel bound to disclaim charging. any of those misrepre-
sentations upon the hon. member fur Weymouth, tie still thought
that those who did propagate them were not so scrupulous as
pat hon. member concerning the means which they employed
to gain their ends. He contrasted the assertions contained in
a paper, which was going forth through the country as the mani-
festo of the London anti-slavery society, with the numerous tes-
timonies which were before the country in support of the impar-
tiality and regard to the welfare of the negro, evinced by the
stipendiary magistrates; and he complained of the manner in
which the documents referred to in that paper had been quoted.
When there was a statement in those documents favourable to
the kindness and good feeling of the proprietors, it seemed as if
that were always to be left. out ; and whenever, unfortunately,
there was a statement tending to show any sullenness of feeling
on the part of the negro, that too was to be left out • the object
appeared to be to show a condition of peace among the negroes,
and a course of cruelty and hardship on the part of the proprietors.
Were gentlemen justified in sending forth such statements, and
then making adjurations, in the name of Gun, to the people of
England, to rise against such a state of things as they would
imply the existence of?—(hear, hear.) He entreated the hon.
member for Weymouth not to give them the weight of his
sanction, but to use his influence towards checking a course of
conduct marked by such a want of candour and fairness.
Sir. J. RAE REID deprecated the manner in which the com-
plaints of the anti-slavery party had been brought forward upon
the present occasion, and asked why they had not been brought
forward openly and boldly instead of surreptitiously ? lie was
convinced that there was no people under the sun—not even
the British people themselves—who enjoyed greater happiness
than the negroes.
Mr. Bo trrt-iwicx defended the West Indian planters from the
sweeping charge of cruelty and oppression which was but too
generallY broaght against them ; and he supported most cor-
dially the motion for a committee, because he thought it the
duty of parliament to inquire into the real truth of the matter.
Mr. F. BUXTON replied.
The motion was agryed to, and the committee appointed.

BUSINESS OF 'rim HOUSE.
Mr. WA K LEY'S motion for the repeal of the Septennial Act
and several other motions which gave rise to a long and irregn_
lar conversation were postponed, owing to the absence of Lord
John Russell.

BOROUGH OF GREAT YARMOUTH.-
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL moved that the short-hand writers,
who took notes of the evidence before the committee which sat
last session of parliament to considej certain petitions com-
plaining of bribery at the election for Great Yarmouth, may be
at liberty to attend as witnesses at the next assizes for the
county of Norfolk, and prove, if required, any part of the
evidence given before the said committee upon the prosecution
for bribery atthesaid election ordered by this house.—Agreed to.

IRISH MUNICIPAL CORPORATION BILL.
In committee the remaining clauses of this bill were agreed to.
Adjourned. _

HOUSE OF COMMONS. WEDNESDAY.

LEITH HARBOUR AND DOCKS.
The Lord Advocate brought up the report of the Committee
on the Leith Harbour and Docks Bill, and brought in a bill
for making a harbour and docks at Leith.

TRINITY HAI:BoCR BILL.
Sir A. L. IlAr brought under the notice of the house a cir-
cumstance which had occurred in a private committee on this
bill. The committee having come to a division on the question
of adjournment, he (Sir A. L. Hay) had appointed tellers on
each side, and having quitted the chair, voted as a member of
the committee, and had subsequently, finding the numbers on
each side to be equal, given the casting vote as chairman. This
he thought he had a right to give, but had since been informed
he had no right to do so. After quoting some precedents, he
moved that the committee on the Trinity Harbour-Bill be in-
structed to re-assemble and proceed with the consideration of
the bill.
This subject was under discussion when the latest reports re-
ceived here last night were closed.
