TO CORRESPONDENTS.

We are compelled to postpone the article on Socialism—it
shall appear on Tuesday if the pressure of Assize Intelli-
gence will admit of it.
The letter of " J. T." has been received, and shall appear on
Tuesday, if possible. We shall endeavour to comply with
our correspondent's suggestion, but he would particularly
oblige us if he would write his communications on one side
of the paper.
We have received, from an unknwon quarter, a copy of the
Wilts and Gloucestershire Standard, of the 28th of March,
in which there appears, verbatim et literatim, as a leading
article, a " leader ' which appeared in the LIVERPOOL
STANsbARD of Feb. 21. We certainly feel highly flattered
by the Compliment paid us by our western contemporary ;
but we should have been better pleased if the source from
which the article in question was derived had been acknow-
ledged.

Ehr Zibtrpoot &tanbarb.

FRIDAY MORNING, MARCH 3, 1840.

By the Josepha, Captain Wlntyre, which arrived
here on Wednesday, we have intelligence from Charles-
ton to the Ist of March. The political news brought
by the Josepha is totally unimportant. The commer-
cial intelligence is of a varied character. In cotton
there had been a considerable demand, especially among
dealers in Upland, of which about 10,523 bales had
been taken during the week previous to the 29th of
February. The prices ranged from sto a cents per
lb. The following quotations give generally a fair cri-
terion of the market :—Liverpool classification, ordi-
nary and inferior, 61 to 7; middling and middle fair,

7i to 8 ; fair
.to fully fair, 8/ to 81; good fair, 8* to 9;
choice 91 to 10 cents per lb. There were several choice
lots on hand, which were held at a fraction above the
latter quotation. Dealers in long cotton had taken 274
bags Sea Island, at the following prices : 10 at 20; 16
at 21 ; 8 at 22 ; 71 from 18 to 27 ; 109 from 25 to 40;
and 90 bags Santee at 20 cents per lb.
In the rice market the following were the last quota-
tions :—lnferior to fair, 21 to 2i; good to prime, 2* to
3 ; and a strictly choice parcel would bring a fraction
above the latter quotation. Rough rice had been sold
at 77 cents per bushel. The operations in all descrip-
tions of Flour continued light, as the business was
chiefly confined to the city bakers. North Carolina
had been selling in small parcels, and according to qua-
lity, at from 51 to 61 per barrel. Superfine Virginia
was as high as seven dollars per barrel.

In the absence of arrivals the salt market had be-
come more firm—in fact holders were asking an ad-
vance on stone lots. Liverpool was quoted at 1 to it
per sack.
Bills on England are quoted at 9 to 10 per cent pre-
mium. There had been much briskness in domestic
exchanges, especially in bills on New York. Freights
to Liverpool for cotton were 1 to 11 cents.
We have intelligence from Savannah to the 22d of
February. The arrivals of cotton up to that date, from
the 14th of February, had been 13,988 bales Upland,
and 463 bales Sea Island. During the same time there
had been cleared 9,643 bales Upland, and 160 bales
Sea Island, leaving a stock on hand, inclusive of all on
ship-board, of 41,043 bales Upland, and 2,342 bales
Sea Island. The business of the last week had been
extensive. Prices ranged from sto 9 cents for Up-
land, and from 18 to 28 for Sea Island. The following
is a statement of the stock of cotton :
Uplands. S. I.
Stock on hand, Ist October 1,523 118
Received this week
Do. previously

124,267 4,572
Exported this week .. 9,643 160
Do. previously.. 73,581 2,070 83,224 2,230
Stock on hand, including all on shipboard
not cleared on the 21st instant.. 40,043 2,342

Freights to Liverpool from Savannah were quoted at
1 to li, and exchange on England at 10 to 101 per
cent premium. _ _

From Mobile we learn that, on the 22d of Febru-
ary, freights had advanced, and that, from the scarcity
of shipping, they would, in all probability, go higher
still.. The rate to Liverpool was quoted at 1-1- to 11.
The stock of cotton was 110,000 bales, against 93,000
bales last year. Prices ranged from 51 to 94-. The
receipts of the week ending on the 22d of February
had been 45,940 bales, against 13,758 bales in the cor-
responding week of the last season. The total receipts
this season had been 168,124, against 181,718 last
year, showing a deficiency of 13,594 bales. The ex-
ports of the week had been—to Liverpool, 2,884 bales;
Havre, 1383 ; New York, 1,371; Boston, 1,510 ; Pro-
vidence, 553; Philadelphia, 214; New Orleans, 637;
together 8,552 bales. The following is a statement of
the prices, according to the Liverpool classification :
Good and fine, 9 to 91; good fair, 8/ to 81; fair, 71;
middling, 6* to 71; inferior and ordinary, 51 to 61.

Already the howl of Irish agitation has been raised
to stay the progress of Lord Stanley's just and equita-
ble measure, and the English majority of the House of
Commons are told that they must still hold their liber-
ties, their property, and their religion at the mercy of
a Popish rabble and an incendiary priesthood. The
bloated reprobate, O'Connell, dares us to persist in
pressing forward this bill, and, in a letter addressed to
the Duke of Leinster, full of the rabid insolence, in-
flated bluster, and arch-hyprocrisy peculiar to his epis-
tolary effusions, thus details the means to be adopted,
in the hope—we trust the vain hope—of frighting from
their purpose the representatives of Protestant England.
" All Ireland," says this rabid miscreant, " should
be aroused in its peaceful strength. From the north
to the south a great popular demonstration should be
made. Parliament must hear the voice of Ireland--
that voice must also be heard claiming the protection
of our beloved Queen, the best of her race ; the first
British monarch who knew how to appreciate the loy-
alty of her temperate, religious, and brave Irish sub-
jects."

Be it so Let the voice of Ireland be heard by Par-
liament and by our beloved Queen ; but not from the
polluted lips of this vampire that feeds upon her blood.
Let the cry of that suffering land rise up from her
green vallies and her wild heaths, from the humble
dwellings of her industrious yeomanry, or from the mud
hovels which shelter her indigent and wretched pea-
santry ;—let it rise freely, and uncontrolled, and fresh
from the hearts of the utterers ; and it will disclose a
tale of suffering, a history of grinding tyranny, .that
will startle and appal the hearers. Let the voice of
Ireland be heard, we say—and would that it could rise
in happier strains and from lighter hearts !—but let not
the drunken ravings of priest-led mobs, infuriated with
whisky, reeking from recent outrage and blinded with
superstition, be deemed to be that voice. Let the true
spirit of Ireland be permitted to approach, unfettered,
the Throne of our beloved Queen, and to pour out the
untutored feelings of her people ; to point out what
Ireland might have been and what she is ; to drag the
mask from before the face of her real oppressors, a li-
centious, unprincipled, and ambitious priesthood, and
to lay bare the reptile form of the incubus which for
centuries has pressed down her energies and trans-
formed into a howling wilderness a land formed by na-
tive to be a garden. Then and then only would our
beloved Monarch know how to appreciate "the loyalty
of her temperate, religious, and brave Irish subjects."
But this will not be permitted. Ireland—degraded
Ireland—must speak only by the mouths of her priest-
hood, and from the prompting of her mendicant ruler.
The opposition which will be offered from that country
to the passing of Lord Stanley's Bill, springs not from
the loyal yeomanry of Ireland—not from the substan-
tial freeholders upon whom was intended to be con-
ferred the power of returning members to represent
their interests in the British House of Commons,—
but from the hired slaves of her priesthood, who
usurp that power to the ruin of the best interests of
her people. We warn our countrymen against the
gross error into which they will lie led if they allow
themselves to believe that the agitation which for years
has distracted that unhappy country, and which is now
to be renewed in all its strength, is the unprompted
and free effort of the people of Ireland. We urge
them to cast from their minds the thought that Ireland
wishes for the perpetuation of the present system of
perjury and outrage. As regards that country, Lord
Stanley's Bill is one of protection essentially—protec-
tion to the real voter in the exercise of his acknow-
ledged rights, and, to the disqualified voter, emanci-
pation from the unhallowed influence which drags him
to the poll, to outrage by open perjury the laws of his
country and his God !

But, we ask, is 'the Bill of Lord Stanley an Irish
question merely ? Is it one in which the wishes of
the people of Ireland only are to be consulted ? By
no means. On the contrary, it is one which deeply
affects the interests of the whole empire—which affects
the interests of Great Britain and her remotest depen-
dencies, inasmuch as it affects the composition of that
branch of the legislature to whose care so great a
portion of the interests of all is committed. We gave
to Ireland, by the Act of Union, a share in the repre-
sentation of Great Britain. We extended that boon,
by the Emancipation Bill, to the Catholics of Ireland;
and, by the 'Reform Bill; we remodelled throughout
the kingdom the fOrms.by which it was to be acquired.'
If we have since found that, as respects one portion
of the kingdom, the machinery which we then thought
calculated to secure our object—viz., a full and fair
representation of the people, based upon a qualification
of the bona-fide value of ten pounds per annum—has
not had that effect ; if we have found that the system
adopted in Ireland has placed the representation of
that country virtually in the hands of fictitious and
fraudulent voters—of men who have no bona-fide
claim, under the spirit of the Reform Act, to exercise
the privilege of voting,—have we not an undoubted
right to adopt such a measure as will best remedy the
evil ? We gave the power of legislating for the people
of England to the bona-fide representatives of the pro-
perty, intelligence, and worth of the Sister Kingdom,
and not to the hired and perjured tools of an incendiary
priesthood. What we gave to Ireland we are willing
to secure to her ; but we are not willing to give our
altars and our homes to the sworn enemies of our reli-
gion and our liberties I

England has gone far enough already in her blind
submission to the demands of Irish faction. She has
too long allowed her own interests to be neglected, and
her just desires to be thwarted, by the unprincipled
machinations of a Popish majority, delegated to the
House of Commons by the priesthood of Ireland.
England must no longer be frighted from her purpose
by the howl of Irish agitation, or the threat of Irish
rebellion. We seek not to trample upon Ireland, but
neither will we allow England to be trampled upon.
We are not to be for ever startled by the wild cry of
repeal—to mistake the yelp of every cur that barks,
for the deep bay of bloodhounds straining to gripe the
throats of our Irish Protestant fellow-subjects. The
people of England will not allow one hair on their
heads to be injured. They will neither allow one inch
to be wrested from their boundless dominions, or one
jewel to be torn from the diadem of her monarchs !

Away, then, with the thought that an English
House of Commons, or= an English people, will be
induced to abate their just demands by the threats of
O'Connell, or the paltry lies of the mean and merce-
nary faction that obeyS his behests ! Let the shallow
drivellers of our Radical Town Councils meet and
spout; let the small fry of corruption, which fattens
upon morsels of patronage rejected by the nicer sto-
machs of the larger birds of prey, meet and spout ; let
the tribe of hungry expectants, who are contented with
the crumbs and broken meat of office,—subregister-
ships of " social arrangements," or the livery and
lounge of an inspector of police,—join their " most
sweet voices" in the cry. The people of Protestant
England have taken their stand, and will " STAND
FAST."

Mr. Buxton's plan for the suppression of the Slave-
trade having recently obtained the patronage and sup-
port of the Government, we feel called upon to offer a
few observations on the subject. In doing so, we
must be understood as offering no opposition to the
furtherance of an object so praiseworthy and philan-
thropic. We yield to no one in our abhorrence of a
traffic so horrible and disgraceful. It is our earnest
desire to see it utterly destroyed. But, while we take
credit for entertaining these feelings, we are bound to
add that we do not believe the plan to which we have
succeed.
just alluded can possibly

Mr. Buxton's project may be thus stated pro-
poses to impede and discourage the Slave traffic—to
establish and encourage legitimate commerce—to en-
courage and teach cultivation—and to impart instruc-
tion.. To accomplish the first of these objects, we
must increase and concentrate our squadron, and make
treaties with the chiefs of the coast, the rivers, and
the interior of Africa.To accomplish the second, we
positions; settle factories ;
must obtain commanding
and send out trading ships. To accomplish the third,
we must set on foot an agricultural company, and ob-
tain by treaties lands for cultivation ; with so much
power as may be necessary to keep the Slave-trade at
a distance. To accomplish the fourth, we must esta-
blish a benevolent institution, somewhat on the plan of
the African Institution, and acquire all necessary
statistical information for the use of the merchant, the
agriculturist, or the teacher.
Such are the main features of Mr. Buxton's plan, in
favour of which Government have proposed a vote of

£35,000 of primary outlay, and £10,546 of annua:
expenditure to carry it into effect.

Mr. Buxton, in his recently published work on the
Slave-trade, has fully demonstrated the utter ineffi-
cacy of all previous schemes for the suppression of
the Slave-trade. It is no exaggeration to say that the
Government of this country has expended twenty five
millions of pounds, since the year 1808, in the vain
endeavour to extinguish this traffic. During the same
period, and in the same enterprise, how many thou-
sands of our brave seamen have fallen a prey to the
pestilential climate of Western Africa ? How many
other brave and distinguished men, engaged in a civil
capacity, have also been sacrificed on its plague-struck
coasts ? How many hundreds of thousands, nay mil-
lions of Negroes have been consigned to all the accu-
mulated horrors of slavery in foreign colonies during
the same period ? Is not the answer to the last
question a pregnant proof of the failure of all the
schemes to which we have hitherto resorted, for the
purpose of putting an end to this abominable trade ?

As all previous schemes for the suppression of the
slave trade have proved miserable but expensive failures,
it is worth while to enquire whether Mr. Buxton's plan is
better calculated to answer the end in view. We think it
is not. It is as childishly absurd and impracticable as the
most chimerical scheme that has ever been engendered
in the brain of the wildest enthusiast. This is tacitly
acknowledged even by the organs of Government. The
chief of these, the Morning Chronicle, has observed,
"that the expedition to the Niger may fail to produce all
the good results which some expect from it, but it can
hardly fail to produce much good." So far from pro.
ducing any good whatever, we believe that the proposed
expedition will be productive of incalculable evil.

Let us examine in detail the plan laid down in Lord
John Russell's letter to the Lords of the Treasury. He
proposes to establish new commercial relations with
those African chiefs or powers within whose domini-
ons the internal Slave-trade of Africa is carried on, and
the external Slave-trade supplied with its victims. To
accomplish this, it is intended to negotiate conventions
or agreements with those chiefs and powers, the basis
of which conventions would be, first, the abandonment
and absolute prohibition of the slave trade; and, se-
condly, the admission for consumption in this country,
on favourable terms, of goods the produce or maniffac-
lure of the territories subject to them. Of those chiefs
the most considerable rule over the countries adjacent
to the Niger and its great tributary streams. It is
therefore proposed to dispatch an expedition, which
would ascend that river by steam-boats, as far as the
points at which it receives the confluence of some of
principal rivers
_falling into it from the eastward. At
these, or at other stations which may be found more
favourable for the promotion of a legitimate commerce,
it is proposed to establish British factories, with a view
of teaching the natives that there are methods of em-
ploying the population more profitable to those to whom
they are subject, than that of converting them into
slaves, and selling them for exportation to the slave-
traders.

Such is a partial dcvelopement of the plan adopted by
Government at the recommendation of Mr. Buxton :
but is it feasible ? Would it not be better as the Spec-
tator says, " to take the money at once and throw ;lt
into the sea ?

One of the first objections which we have to urge
against this utopian and visionary scheme is, that there
is not on the banks of the Niger a sufficient quantity
of surplus produce of any description to justify the ex-
pectation that a trade may be established. This is
abundantly proved in the published accounts of the
expedition of Messrs. Laird and Oldfield.
The second objection we derive from the circumstance
that the natives of that portion of Africa will not be al-
lowed to trade with white men. Messrs. Laird and
Oldfield found it utterly impracticable to establish any
commercial intercouse with the inhabitants in the in-
terior, whence nearly all the slaves are procured. It is
quite nonsensical to imagine that any process of reason-
ing will persuade the predatory chiefs that it would be
more to their interest to exchange the profitable traffic
in slaves for the arts of civilised life—in other words
to substitute labour and poverty for idleness and wealth.
In the third place, the climate of that part of Africa
in which it is intended to establish factories is even
worse than that of Sierra Leone, where so many Eng-
lishmen have been prematurely consigned to their
graves. No white man can survive long the pestilential
marasmata on the banks of the Niger. To transport
Englishmen to such a horrid climate would be almost
as cruel as the Slave-trade itself.

In the fourth place, the proposed plan cannot be
carried into effect without involving this nation in a
system of petty warfare, interminable in its duration,
and involving an enormous expenditure of life and mo-
ney, with the African chiefs by whom the Slave-trade is
now carried on. It is idle to talk of conciliating these
chiefs. They may be intimidated into a compliance
with our demands by the presence of an armed force.

Is Lord John Russell prepared to carry out his plan by
making war on the African chiefs ? Is he, furthermore,
prepared to seize upon the territories of the African
chiefs for the purpose of establishing his factories and
forming his agricultural settlements ?
Another formidable objection to Mr. Buxton's scheme
is founded on the well-known fact, that the chiefs in the
interior of Africa are in a state of almost perpetual
warfare with each other. By what magic process can
we expect to reconcile these chiefs and their belligerent
and predatory clans with each other ? Unless we can
accomplish this, it should be borne in mind that it is
utterly impossible to establish a permanent trade or
form agricultural settlements.

We have thus briefly detailed a few of the more im-
minent objections to the proposed expedition to the
Niger. In our next we shall proceed to show its utter
inefficacy as a means for suppressing the slave trade.
At the same time we shall detail a scheme which will
effectually accomplish this object, and strike a death
blow to slavery in every part of the world.

The Great Western may be expected to reach Bristol this
morning, on her return from New York, bringing accounts to
the 19th instant.

The Right Honourable the Lord Viscount Combermere
has been pleased to appoint the Rev. Charles F. Smith, of
St. Mary's, Chester, and late of this town, one of his lord-
ship's domestic chaplains.—Courier.
ATTENDANCE OF UNNECESSARY WITNESSES AT THE
ASSIZES.—On Monday, in the Crown Court, a case of
sheep-stealing was tried, in which no fewer than three of the
constabulary force of Wigan were brought up as witnesses,
where one would, by proper management, have served all the
purposes of justice. One constable produced the bones of
a shoulder of mutton (that had belonged to the stolen sheep,)
and another, the foot or trotter bone to fit it. On the same
principle a whole posse might have come into court, each
armed with a rib or other bone of the dead animal. His
lordship took occasion to allude to the attendance of unne-
cessary witnesses, intimating that the judges would certainly
not, in such cases, allow them their expenses.

PROTESTANT OPERATIVE MEETING.—A meeting of the
members of the Operative Protestant Association was held
on Tuesday evening, in the News-room, Houghton-street,
John Wilkinson, Esq., in the chair, for the purpose of adopt-
ing a petition to the House of Lords, praying their lordships
to reject the Irish Municipal Bill, which was considered so
eminently calculated to injure the Protestant institutions of
that country. The meeting was addressed by several in-
fluential members. The room was crowded to excess, and
many were unable to obtain admittance. It was unanimously
agreed that the petition should be sent to the Duke of Wel-
lington for presentation. A great number of signatures were
received in the room. The meeting separated at ten o'clock.
In the Nisi Prius Court on Saturday, just before his
Lordship passed sentence on the Messrs. Sowler, Mr. R.
Scarr Sowler, the gentleman who committed the assault on
Mr. Jeremiah Garnett, of the Manchester Guardian, passed
from the vicinity of the under-sheriff, near whom he had
been standing, to the place occupied by the elder Mr. Sow-
ler, immediately behind the seats assigned to the Queen's
connsel. The vicinity was crowded by gentlemen of the
long robe, who were anxious to hear the sentence ; and in
order to reach his father, it was necessary for Mr. Scarr
Sowler to displace a learned gentleman, who after the lapse
of a few seconds reminded Mr. Sowler (with whose person,
by the way, he was quite unacquainted) that " he had corn-
' pletely deprived him of his place." " Oh," rejoined Mr.
R. Sowler, politely moving to the gentleman, " I assure you I
shall most cheerfully give way ; the fact is I am here waiting
to receive judgment in the case Garnett r. Sowler, and if
you choose to take the place and its consequences, I'm sure
I have no objection." This sally was followed by a general
titter amongst the gowns and wigs.

NEW FLOATING-LIGHT.—The new Floating-light, the
Queen, is nearly completed, and will be moored, at the
Formby station, on the 6th of April. It is intended to place
an additional Light-ship in Crosby Channel, about half the
distance between the Rock Light-house and the Formby
Floating-light, which will be ready to be laid down by about
the 6th May. We shall then have three Floating-lights, viz :
.one in Great Crosby Channel, off the east elbow of Great
.Burbo Bank, showing a single light ; a second at the Formby
Station, showing two lights; and the third at the Northwest
three lights. The Rock light, the intended
Formby Floating-lights, being nearly in a
Station,
Crosby
andsh o wt ihneg
.line with Victoria Channel, will enable vessels to enter or
leave the port at almost any hour of the night, thus afford-
ing means of access and of egress particularly valuable to her
Majesty's mail-packets, as well as to American or other
-packets sailing on fixed days, and to the shipping generally,
whether sailing vessels or vessels navigated by steam, as the
port may then be said to be open almost every hour of the
twenty-four. These are great improvements, effected at no
additional cost to commerce, and the Dock Committee de-
serve great credit for carrying them into effect. We under-
stand that two masters will be appointed to the new Floating-
. light on the ninth of April.

" LOVE."

(Continued from the STANDARD of Friday.)

This play, which was noticed on Friday last, has been pre-
sented nightly at the Theatre-Royal since the opening of the
season. After this evening, it is to give place to varied per-
formances, commencing with another new play, from the pen
of a sentimental and struggling author—Leigh Hunt. Our
present business, however, is neither with the " Legend of
Florence," nor with the ever-interesting Shaksperian As
You Like It, in which Miss Tree will on Thursday personate
Rosalind—but with the brief fulfilment of a promised esti-
mate of Knowles's most recent play of " Love," in respect
of which our position is properly twofold, the nature of the
subject under notice being lyric as well as dramatic.
In addition to one or two errors of the press, there was
one of statement, which is worthy of remark. In taking ex-
ception to the animus under which the daughter quits her
dying father, after receiving and entreating a reiteration
of his " blessing," by an oversight we indicated the part of
the action as the " first scene of the first act." It ought to
have read—end of the " first scene of the third act;" but as
a description was annexed, the verbal inaccuracy of " first"
instead of " third" was self-rectifying to every interested
reader of ordinary penetration. As the venial error was
ours, and not the printer's, it should be admitted—and there
an end on't.

In the preceding part of this review of " Love," we tested
and compared Knowles with himself. Irrespective of minor
differences of opinion, it is an enviable play that claims a
third place with such choice: productions as" Virginius" and
the •0' Hunchback." In this honourable struggle for pre-
eminence, Knowles its to be regarded as an emulous compe-
titor with •self. He is not idly content with having made—
he strives to sustain a reputation as confessedly the most
faithful and devoted playwright of his century. The chances
of dramatic success, compared with those which are open to
competitors in other pursuits of precarious literature, are
now-a-days, as respects ' " odds" and the chapter of acci-
dents, on a level with riding at steeple-chaces compared with
the expenditure of nerve and muscle on a straightforward
course for the St. Leger. This is worth serious reflection :
it has the closest relation to a curious stage in the history of
those more immediate influences which affect the highest de-
partment of the national literature of every civilized country.
Yes ! familiar as the association at first may seem, it is ne-
vertheless true. If steeple-chacing be a neck-breaking,
play writing is a heart-breaking pursuit. The race is not
always to the swift, nor success to men of understanding.
In " Love" there are marked borrowings of the author
from himself as identified with his previous writings. But
that is all but the inevitable badge of fruitful authorship.
What befel Cobbett and Bulwer, especially, as political and
prose compositors, neither Byron nor Sir W. Scott—not
even Shakspere himself, with his well-like, ever-fresh genius
—could wholly escape. All have reproduced pet thoughts
and characteristic phrases in a similar spirit, and often in
nearly the same words ! Yet who but a verbal carper will
say that Knowles has written himself out ? The beauties,
which from any page of his " Love" invite quotation, will,
we think, satisfy even the indifferent after rousing them
from an affected or unenviable unconcern. They shall be
select and short—to the purpose—and conclusive. The
pressure of assize intelligence alone deferred their appearance
in the columns of last Friday's STANDARD.

*** The above should have appeared in our impression of
Tuesday ; but,, as a dark man says in a play of Shakspere's.
" Who can controul his fate !". so may not we observe of
our own attesting intentions? On consideration, therefore,
it has appeared preferable to let the foregoing appear unmo-
dified as set up in type for an "appearance." This, as
our readers are aware, is an assize visitation; and as the
good and commonplace things said and done from under the
imposing thatch of wigs and silk gowns " couldn't keep,"
and as the crumbs which have fallen from a dramatic poet's
mental table can,—we say not " cedant arena," this being a
wind-piping time of peace, in which the talents of the war-
rior cannot be said to yield to those of the gown,—but
Cedat asnor tope,
which words, literally translated, signify
Knowles's Love must yield to Cresswell's wig.
There. Like many worthy men, when at a loss, we have
paraphrased a piece of convenient latin, and thereby cut the
matter short under the cover of a classical " allusion." .
It were idle to give extracts illustrative of sustained dra-
matic effect from the play of " Love." The characteristics
are necessarily interwoven with dialogue and the collision of
action between the dramatis personce. The play must be
seen to enjoy such traits : there is no other way. What are
appended are submitted as pictures in little. Kindred gems
might be served up so as to exhaust columns. But it is un-
necessary to multiply instances or cloy with sweets. After
speaking of a change which grew with the heroine, " the
nearer she approached to womanhood," we have this on the
dangers of trilling with—

FIRST LOVE.
" You must not play
With a first passion, once it has taken root.
For it strikes deep--to the foundations even
Of the heart—entwining with the fibres, there,
Of life itself, that pluck the other up. * *
So may you tempt her, sir, with pity for him,
To turn a pilgrim—take up staff and scrip.
O never did achievement rival Love's
For daring enterprise knd execution.
It will do miracles ; attempt such things
As make ambition, fiery as it is,
Dull plodding tameness in comparison.
Talk of the miser's, passion for his store—
'Tis milk and water to the lover's, which
Defies the mines of earth and caves of ocean
To match its treasure ! Talk of height, breadth, depth—
There is no measure for the lover's passion,
No bounds to what 'twill do !"

Here comes an old friend, no the less welcome because in
a new dress. It reminds one of every dear old aunt's re-
mark, " there are many true words spoken in jest."

IRONY.

" For I have known
Bracelets and rings do miracles, where nature
Play'd niggard, and did nothing or next to it ;
Beat lotions in improving of the skin,
And mend a curve the surgeon had given up
As hopeless.

Sir Rupert.
Nay you speak in irony.
Catherine.
I speak in truth, speaking in irony;
For irony is but a laughing truth
Told of a worthless thing.
* * * Come
The argument shall be, that you're in love ;
The which shall I affirm while you deny.
You are in love! I'll prove it by fifty things,
And first and foremost, you deny it, sir;
A certain sign, with certain accidents:
I'd stake my credit on one single fact,
A lover is the dullest thing on earth."

Knowles, of course, means a true lover is the dullest thing
on earth to the maid of his heart. Such swains look down
when they should look up—mumble when they ought to be
silent, and are loutishly mute when it is the height of con-
ventional rudeness not to say all manner of soft things, and
the greater the nonsense the better. It is otherwise, how-
ever, with lovers of a lady's purse and not her person ; or of
a vain one, because of " plunder and place" through her
connexions !

With another sample of a rich lot we mutt conclude.
It is taken from among a profusion of fine things which a
shrewd half Polonius of an officious and well-meaning old
Baron Steinberg of an intermeddler is made to say, in the
person of (Brick. The thing is a narrative as well as a pic-
ture of the all engrossing theme of

LOVE.
What saidst thou now, apostrophising love ?
ULRICE.—I said it was a wilful, wayward thing,
And so it is—fantastic and perverse !
Which season and occasion set at naught;
Takes its own way, no matter right or wrong.
It is the bee that finds the honey out,
Where least you'd dream 'twould seek the nectarous store.
And 'tis an arrant masquer—this same love—
That most outlandish, freakish faces wears,
To hide its own !—Looks a proud Spaniard now ;
Now a grave Turk ; hot Ethiopian next ;
And then phlegmatic Englishman ! and then
Gay Frenchman ; by and by Italian or
Gruff Dutchman :—Still is LOVE behind the masque .'
It is a dissembler too—looks every way
But that where lie its thoughts ! will openly
Frown at the thing it smiles in secret on ;
Looks most like hate, then when it most is love ;
Would fain convince you it is very rock
When it is water ! ice when it is tire !
Is oft its own dupe, like a thorough cheat ;
Persuades itself 'tis not the thing it is ;
Holds up its head, purses its brows, and looks
Askant with scornful lip, hugging itself
That it is high disdain—till suddenly
It falls on its knees, making most piteous suit—
With hail of tears and hurricanes of sighs,
Calling on heaven and earth for witnesses
That it is love, true love, nothing but love !
We forget who it is who calls love " fool's paradise."
As this is assize time, we are reminded by the exposure of all
cases of ardent, or rather tried attachment, that, when " dis-
interested" and " ingenuous," they ever shew the tender pas-
sion to work by the rule of contraries ! Thus, men who
in other respects have a reputation for being sensible, make
fools of themselves—especially when they commit themselves
on paper, under the poetic feeling of the distance which
lends enchantment to the view ! Really foolish and weak
people, on the other hand, when in love, evince temporary
sense. or an approach to an escape from imbecility ! Cow-
ards wax valiant; invalids recover; the self-confident become
diffident—of themselves : and so on by " opposites" through
all degrees and kinds of men. Strange, but true. And this
has ever been, since Adam delved and Eve span !
