IRISH MUNICIPAL BILE

Sir Rnbert PgEt, informed the Home Secretary that when
the Irish Municipal Biil shoold be proposed, he (Sir Robert)
would move its prostponeraent in attendance upon the decision
•orthe house upon the Irish Church Bill.. The fate of both bills
maybe easily predicted.

SPANISH. POLICY. OF MINISTEIIS.

Lord E Linz' moved an address to the crown, lamenting the
ill. success of the Spanish policy pursued by ministers, _and de-
precating a renewal of• the order in council, suspending the
Foreign Enlistment Act. Lord. Eliot's speech was clear and
manly, and it has been justly complimented by all upon the
temper and moderation of its tone.• His lordship was supported
by Sir A. Dalrymple, Mr.,Sidney Ilerbert, Lord Mahon, and
Mr. Pemberton; by the latter in two speeches of some length,
and of distinguished power. Captain Pechell, Mr. Poulter, Sir
H. Vivian, 3.1 t. Vernon. Smith, and-. Mr. Shell opposed the
motion.
The debate was adj ourned.

HOUSE OF LOILDS.—WEDNESDAY.
The house met at five o'clock..
A great number of peLition in favour of total abolition of
slavery were presented.
The Mutiny Bill was brought up from the commons, and read
a first time.—Adjourned.

lIOUSE OF COMMONS.-WEDNESDAY.

The Speaker toulaCtlie --c6-a1;-a-t-14_;;;inu-te; to four.

Sir J. 'Welsh took the oaths and his seat for Stuibury.

The Cheltenham and Great Western Union Railway bill was
read a third time and passed.
A great number of petitions praying for the total abolition
of negro apprenticeship on the first of August nex.t was pre-
sented.

On the presentation of a petition,
Mr. HamE gave notice that, early after Easter, he should
move for leave to Erring in a bill to suspend the annual payment
made by this country to the King of Hanover. (Hear, hear,
frOm the ministerial benches,) .

The presentation of petitions occupied the house until past
five o'clock.

In answer to a question from Mr. L A SCELLES,
Lord J.litissEr.t. said, when the report of the commissioner
appointed to inquire into the petitions from Sheffield, relatini,
to granting %charter of incorporation to that town was received,'
the Privy Council would immediately decide upon the question,
Lord J. Russat.r.gave notice, that when the motion for the
total abolition of slavery, was moved-to-morrow, he would move
as an.atilaa.ilment.that4tre= house proceed to the second reading
of the'.slazy:e.;traite abolition amendment act, which was read a
first time last night.
The mutiny bill was read a third time and passed.
AyFA IRS OF SPAIN.

The order of the day was read from the chair for proceeding
with the adjourned d;bate on Lord Eliot's motion relating to
the affairs of Spain.
No member on either side rising to address the house,
The SP6AKER put the question that a humble address be
presented to her Majesty, in the terms of the motion proposed
by Lord Eliot.
A scene of the must-extraordinary description took place; the
greatest confusion prevailed, during which strangers'were or-
dered to withdraw.

A discussion took place with closed doors, after which the
house divided, when there appealed—
For the motion.... 62
Against it
Majority against the mot lou
Theanttounceu►ent of these numbers was received with the
most lioisterous cheers from the ministerial side of the house.

Lord Matto; begged to state that the division which had
taken place had taken his side of the house entirely by surprise.
(Hear, hear.) it was no part of theirs to put such a sudden
termination to the debate. -

Lord J Itussau, wa;willing to admit that both sides were
taken by surprise.
General KvArts said the object of the motion was to attack
his conduct, although it professed to condemn the policy of the
government. He had intended to speak on the question, but
did not wish to do so at Such an early hoyr.. (Hear, hear.) He
did not wish to.begin the debate again, now that it was decided.
It was a ridiculous motion £o commence; and it had met with a
ridiculous termination.

Lord .1. Rossact, repeated that be did not think either side
of the house intended surprise.
Lord'Ala UMW protested agaringt•tht, house getting rid of such
an important question in such an extraordinary manner. He
therefore moved, as an amendment, that the debate be resumed.
Atliscussiony of an animated nature took place, during which,
Lord J. Itussar.r. moved that the house do adjourn.
The queetion was put, and the members were leaving the
-house amidst great laughter, when
Lord Manor; again said that he moved that the identical
reaolutien of his noble friend be considered. (Hear.)
Hon members haying'resumed their seats,
Lord Fa.tor implored the house not to dispose of a question
of vast importance in such a summary way. (Hear.)
Mr. 1-1 Awes said it was the fault of bon. members on the
other side of the house that the question had been disposed of
in sueti'an extraordinary manner.
Sir R. Pear. was no party to the extraordinary proceedings
which bad taken place. for he did not come down to the house
until half-past five o'clock, and he was then told that the house
had adjourned. (Hear.) He knew well that no such result
was contemplated on his side of the house, as the hon. member
who intended to open the debate called upon him (Sir It. Peel)
this morning; and informed him of his intention. ( Hear.)
Mr. C. BULLER said the motion was purely a party question.
and therefore he trusted the house would not reverse the de-
cision to which it had come.

Lord J. RUSSELL said, as the question was one of censure on
the administration, he wished to have it discussed, but he did
see how the house could now interfere.
After a few words from Mr. VILLIERS,
The SPEAKER again put the question, that the house do ad-
journ.
Another scene of great confusion occurred, during which
Lord MAHON again Lose, and insisted upon his right, by
slightly altering the terms of his motion, to move it as an amend-
ment-to the motion for adjournment. (Loud cries of " Adjourn,
ad Him.")
The noble lord then handed to the speaker the amendment he
proposed, which was, read from the chair amidst great confusion.
Mr. HAWES wished the motion to be fairly discussed, but it
could not be done that evening, as many members had left the
house, under the idea that it was disposed of.

Another ronversation ensued.
Sir H. PEEL proposed the debate should be resumed on
Friday.
Another stormy discussion ensued.
Lord J. RUSSELL wished the debate to come on to-night, but
he could not consent to adjourn it until Friday.
Sir R. PEEL—Then the best way will Abe to give a regular
notice of again bringing the subj.ct forward. (Hear.)
The house adjourned at half-past six o'clock.

ROYAL ROCK FERRY.—We understand that a few spirited
gentlemen in the vicinity of this delightful place have just com-
pleted a very handsomely arranged chapel, under the establish-
ment, for the accommodation of the inhabitants of that rapidly
increasing neighbourhood, which it is intended to open for
divine service on Sunday the Bth of April.
