MAY

I Mr. Hume moves for a suspension of the "annuity of the
Duke of Cumberland so long as he shall continue King of
Hanover. The house divides, when the numbers are—for
the motion 62, against it 97—majority for the continuance
of the annuity 3.5.

3 On the motion of Lord J. Russell a committee is ap-
pointed to inquire into the mode of granting and renewing
leases of church property, and into the probable amount of
any increased value which might be obtained by improved
management. On a division, the numbers are—for the mo-
tion 277, against it 241—majority 36.
The Earl of Ripon brings before the House of Lords
the subject of the expenses of the Maltese commission, and
moves for documents, which are granted.
4 At a meeting of the merchants and traders of London a
petition to the Queen is agreed to, praying that all the cere-
monials of her Majesty's coronation might be observed as
fully as on any former occasion.
8 Mr. Borrow, agent for the distribution of bibles on be-
half of the Bible Society, is imprisoned by the government
at Madrid.
0 A deputation from the church of Scotland attends a
meeting in Birmingham, for the purpose of advocating the
extension of the means of religious instruction to the poorer
classes in Scotland.

9 The bill to allow foreign bonded corn to be ground is
thrown out by the House of Commons, the numbers being,
for the bill 150, against it 220—majority against the bill 70.
10 Sir Robert Peel obtains leave to bring in a bill to
amend the jurisdiction of the house relative to controverted
elections.

Her Majesty gives her first state ball since her Majes•
ty's accession.
The New York and other American banks resume
casts payments.
11 At a public meeting, at which the Marquis of London-
derry presides, a petition is agreed to, praying her Majesty
to defer her coronation till August.
M. Von Rudhatt, Greek minister, dies at Trieste, aged
48 years.
12 A grand banquet to Sir Robert Peel, at Merchant
Tailors' Hall, by 311 conservative members of the House of
Commons.
Opening of the London and Southampton Railway.
14 Lord J. Russell, having moved that the house should
resolve itself into a committee on the ministerial resolutions
regarding Irish Tithes, Sir T. D. Aclarid moves, as an
amendment, that the resolutions of 1835, relative to the ap-
propriation of the surplus revenues of the Irish church, be
rescinded. The debate thereon is adjourned.
At a public meeting of the members of the British aux-
iliary legion a petition to parliament, praying for a settle-
ment of their claims, is agreed to.
15 The debate on Lord J. Russell's motion having con-
sluded, a division takes place, when the numbers are—for the
motion 317, for the amendment 298--majority 29.
A great meeting is held at Bristol to petition parliament
for the immediate abolition of slavery.
16 A deputation of tradesmen waits on Lord Melbourne
to induce his lordship to postpone the coronation, in which
object they are unsuccessful.
17 Celebration of her majesty's birth-day.
Death of M. Taleyrand, at Paris, in the 85th year of
his age.
18 Mr. Spring Rice brings forward "the budget." He
states the revenue of the last year, as compared with the re-
venue of the year before, to have declined to the extent of
nearly three millions, andi the expenditure of the last year to
have exceeded the receipts by nearly half a million. He
proposed to raise £14,000,000 by means of Exchequer bills
to meet the services of the year 1838. The resolution is
agreed to.
'The Carlist general Balmaseda captures a column of
Christino troops, 900 strong, at Hontoria del Pinar.
21 The Poor Relief (Ireland) Bill is read a second time in
the House of Lords, after a lengthened debate, there being
for the second reading 149, against it 20—majority 129.
At a meeting at the Crown and Anchor, convened for
the purpose of petitioning for the postponement of the coro-
nation, in order to its celebration on a scale of greater splen-
dour, a resolution is carried by the radicals, deprecatory of
the expense of coronations altogether. Sir F. Burdett, who
had intended to preside, is hooted on entering the room, and
with di acuity escapes peisonal violence.
22 Sir E. Wilmot moves a resolution declaratory of the
expediency of the " immediate, entire, and unqualified abo-
lition of the apprenticeship system in the West Indies."—
After sonic debate, the house divides, when there appears,
for the resolution 9(, against it 93—majority 3.
24 In consequence of riots at Hawick during the Rox-
burghshire election, Sir Janice Graham moves to disqualify
that place from being iu future one of the polling places.—
The debate thereupon is adjourned.
Mr. Cresswell's motion for au inquiry into the claims
of sufferers by Danish seizures in 1807, is carried against
ministers by a majority of 34; there being, for the motion
115, against it 81.
A riot takes place in the Surrey Zoological Gardens in

consequence of the non-ascent of the Montgolfier fire-
balloon.
The Carlist commander, tirra, is shot at Ciranqui, for
mutiny.
25 The Bishop of Exeter moves resolutions declaratory of
the failure of the national system of education in Ireland in
its purpose of uniting Protestants and Roman Catholics.
The motion is lost by a majority of 45; the numbers being,
contents 26, non-contents 71.
Sir James Graham's motion for disqualifying Hawick
from being a polling place is lost by a majority of 22; there
being, for the motion 250, against it 272.
26 Hubert and others, being convicted at Paris of con-
spiracy against the government of France, the former is sen-
tenced to transportation for life, and the others to imprison-
ment for different periods.
Eliza Grimwood is found murdered at her residence,
No. 12, Wellington-terrace, Waterloo-road.
27 The Earl of Durham arrives at Quebecin her Nlajesty's
ship Hastings.
28 Sir George Grey moves to•rescind the resolution of the
22d of May relative to the immediate emancipation of the
negroes. Sir E. Wilmot opposes the motion, which is ulti-
mately carried; there being for the resolution 250, against it
178—majority 72.
29 The Earl of Durham lands at Quebec with great pomp,
and assumes the government of British North America.
On the house going into committee on the Muncipal
Corporations (Ireland) Bill, Sir Robert Peel states the extent
of concessions which the conservatives are disposed to make
on the subject of Irish policy.
30 Destruction of the British steam-boat Sir Robert Peel,
by a party of armed Americans, whilst lying at Wells Island.
The Derby Stakes are won by Sir Gilbert Heathcote's
Amato.

The Duke of Sussex gives a grand entertainment to
her Alajesty, at Kensington Palace.
31 The Earl of Durham dismisses the executive council of
Canada.

Opening of the Great Western Railway.
A dreadful storm occurred on the evening of this day,
during which several persons were killed by lightning.
JUNE
1 The House of Commons negatives the proposition of Sir
Robert Peel respecting the qualifications of voters under the
Irish Municipal Corporations' Bill, and thus the expected
coalition between ministers and the conservatives is put an
end to.

A lunatic, named Thorns, alias Sir William Courtenay,
having shot a constable, named Mears, who was about to
arrest him for a breach of the peace, subsequently shoots
Lieutenant Bennett, the commander of a detachment of the
45th regiment, who had been sent in pursuit. The soldiers,
upon this, fire upon Courtenay and the number of misguided
peasants by whom he is surrounded, eleven of whom, together
with Weir leader, are left &Owl on the spot.
Several policemen, who had charge of cattle which had
been distraiued for tithes, are attacked and cruelly beaten by
the mob, near Waterford.
2 A coroner's inquest on the body of Lieutenant Bennett
returns a verdict of " Wilful Murder," against Courtenay
and his associates.
The American steam-boat Telegraph is fired upon by
the Canadians, whilst off Brookville, Upper Canada.
4 The coroner's inquest returns a verdict of "Justifiable
Homicide" in the case of Courtenay and the other persons
killed by the military, with the exception of George Catt, in
whose case a verdict is returned that "The deceased was shot
by the military by accident whilst in the execution of their
duty."

5 A prize fight takes place in the Bois de Boulogne, near
Paris, between Swift and Adams, two English boxers.
Her Majesty honours with her presence " the Eton
Montem."
The schooner Glamorgan lying sunk in the Thames, at
Graveshend Reach, is blown up by Colonel Pasley of the en-
gineers, by means of 2,5001bs of gunpowder.
6 The County Rates Bill is thrown out by the House of
Commons, there being for the second reading 37, against it
105—majority 68.
7 The British ambasiador to Persia breaks off all com-
munication with the Schab, and leaves the Persian camp be-
fore Herat.
8 The coroner's inquest on the body of Eliza Grimwood
returns a verdict of " Wilful Murder against souse person or
persons unknown."
9 The House of Assembly of Jamaica passes a bill for the
final emancipation of the negroes.
11 The House of Commons divides on the question whether
the qualification for municipal voters in Ireland should be £5
or £10; the numbers are for the £5 qualification 286, for the
£lO franchise 266—majority, 20.
12 The imprisonment for Debt Bill is read a third time and
passed by the House of Lords.
14 A second explosion takes place on board the Victoria
Hull steam-boat, off Black wall, by which 10 persons are
killed and others severely injured.
Explosion of the boiler of the James Gallacher steamer,
at Renfrew, by which five persons are killed.
During the procession of the Host at Lisbon, an at-
tempt is made to assassinate Silva Carvalho, whilst taking
part in the ceremony.
16 A duel takes place between Lord Castlereagh and M.
de Melcy, the husband of Madame Grisi; Lord Castlereagh
having been wounded in the arm, both parties declined
themselves to be "satisfied."
18 The Benefices Pluralities Bill is read a third time in
the House of Commons, and passed.
19 The Marquis of Londonderry moves for papers re-
lating to the services of the British Auxiliary Legion. A
long debate ensues, in which the policy of the British govern•
merit with respect to the affairs of Spain is severely censured.
—Marshal Soult arrives at Dover, as ambassador extraor-
dinary from France, on the occasion of her Majesty's coro-
nation.
20 A bill for the colonizition of New Zealand is thrown
out by the House of Commons, there being for the second
reading 32, against it 92—majority 69.
'I he Copyright Bill is withdrawn.
21 Sir Stratford Canning brings before the House of Com-
mons the case of the capture of the Vixen,' and moves for a
select committee on'the subject, which is opposed by Lord
Palmerston, and the house divides, when the numbers are,
for the committee 184, against it an—Majority 16.
It is announced in the house of parliament that govern-
ment had received official information that I3arbadoes had
already passed, and that other West India islands were about
Sr. rensolete emancipation of the negros,
•-- Sad cant - Hamilton, of the 12th Lancers, IA shot-. 8,
Hampton-court Palace by Jchn Rickey, a private in-the
same regiment.
22 Espartero captures, and subsequently evacuates, the
town and fort of Pernacerrada:
23 Great part of the eity.of Cairo is destroyed by an acci-
dental fire, which lasts four days.
25 Lord Lyndhurst brings before the Muse of Lords the
question of the appointment of sheriffs in Ireland, and moves
for a select committee on the subject, which is agreed to.
The Irish MUnicipal Corporation Bill is read a third
time in the House of Commona and passed, the numbers
being—for the third reading, 169, against it, 134---majority 35.
26 On the motion of Sir Edward Knatchbull,' a committee
is appointed to inquire into all the circumstances connected
with the, discharge of John Nicholl Thoin, alias Courtney,
from the Kent Lunatic Asylum. Considerable discussion
and personal recrimination takes place on the nomination of
the members of the committee.
27 Tbc states of Hanover having rejected the new consti-
tution proposed by King Ernest Augustus; his Majesty ad-
journs the states till further orders.
28 Coronation of her Majesty Queen Victoria in West-
minster Abbey. Her Majesty proceeds to the abbey in state,
accompanied by all the foreign ambassadors and ambassador s
extraordinary, who had been sent to represent their respec-
tive courts at the solemnity. The event is celebrated in
London in various ways. A fair is held in Hyde Park. The
government offices and principal streets are illuminated,
grand entertainments are given at most Of the public institu-
tions, the theatres are opened gratis, and a grand display of
fireworks, with a balloon ascent, takes place in the parks.
'['here are similar rejoicings in most of the principal towns
in the kingdom.
(To be concluded in our next.)

. THE WinsTLu.—Burns's poem, entitled " The Whistle,"
is well known. A relic of this instrument, now famous in
story, is still very carefully preserved. It is small, of a pe-
culiar kind of wood, and is said to be of Danish origin. But
its power is great ; and, having tried it, we imagine it would
be easy to summon, by its shrill, bugle-like blast, a shepherd
from the hills, a mile or two off. Two years ago, the writer
of this notice, when on a visit to Craigdarroch (the late Mr.
Cutlar Fergusson), carried a copy of the song with him, very
distinctly traced in the handwriting of the poet. By the ex-
hibition of this document, in connection with the whistle
itself, he expected to surprise the late owner, but soon found
that Craigdarroch had a similar copy of his own, which had
been kindly given to him by his friend and relation, Sir
Charles Menteath, baronet, of Closeburn. Of this gift he
was very proud, arid mentioned, that the first day he received
it, he took it down to the house, and showed it to Sir John
Cam Hobhouse and several others. Anxiety to gaze on the
handwriting of the bard acted like a spell, and soon brought
a crowd of members around him. The Speaker noticed what
was going forward, and was compelled to tell the disturbers
that it was their duty to take their places, and allow the busi-
ness of the house to proceed. Burns, we dare say, wrote
" The Whistle" at a single sitting, and could base little
weened that any such sportive effort of fancy would ever dis-
turb the set enity of the British senate.—Dainfries Courier.
CHARLES MATHEWS AT Scnoot.---The usher, Shaw, a
lank bony Scotchinan,—how can I describe him ?—squinted
" more than a gentleman ought." He had a barbarous ac-
cent, and therefore' I suppose, was selected to teach the
" Breetish languitcli in its oreeginal peurity" to cockneys.
He was a paitit,nian—thin as a pitchfork. He used to
shamble up and doWn the school by slow fits, rubbing his
gambooge chin with his burnt-umber finger, and directing
little bits of broken unintelligible advice to the leering,
sheepish, idle little animals who sat in rows up the room,
walking before them Lke Aaron with his rod. 1 was at that
time particularly fond of carrying a bit of broken looking-
glass, to dazzle " Shaw's queer optics" with. Many were
the convulsive, painfully smothered laughs I and my wicked
coadjutors writhed under (while I remained undiscovered)
at his simplicity and patience, enduring this infliction day
after day, squinting up to discover through..what cranny in
the blind it was that the sun came in to occasion this.ainnov-
ance ; but at length I was caught in theifaet,.fo;
thought he was looking in an entirely apposite djieetion; I
found he was looking at me, and my bit of glass full in the
face. I was horsed, and now really lloggecHbarbatonsly:
birched; while Pompey Fownall roared_outoaith a voice of
thunder, this facetions moral,—."'Chat, siroleill:teach j0n1,71.
hope, not to cast reflections on ther.heastsonE;t*schopl!"
Here may be traced my first attempts at irtinsicays.)=,l remem-
ber the flogging fellows to this hour—their voice,, tone, and
manner; and my ruling propensity was [bus early called into
action at their expence.—Memairs of Charles Mathews, Come-
dian, by Mrs. Mathews.

SOUTH AUSTIIALrAN PRODUCTS AND' PROMISES.—There
can be no doubt that South Australia will in time be a very
abundant country. If the settlers will economise water, and
find some means of keeping it when it falls, and not let it
run away, they may in a few years luxuriate in all the good
things of this life. Whatever is to be seen of vegetable produce
in the markets of Lisbon or Cadiz, Sicily or Algiers, the
settlers in the new colony may equally command. It is pe-
culiarly the country of the grape and melon, oranges and
lemons, figs, olives, pomegranates, and loquets ; and, even
at its present infant state, produces as fine melons as the
Levant. The author saw at the governor's table one 'Sibs;
and another weighing 221bs ; and handsomer and finer-fla-
voured fruits need not be seen. But the character which
stamps the South Australian climate as most valuable in the
eyes of the settler, is its peculiar adaptation to sheep farming
and the growth of wool. By a register kept very accurately
at Government House, during the whole of the year 1837, it
rainedi 115 days, and was fine and clear 250; and this may
be reckoned upon as a fair average ,f a series of years. In
the west of Scotland it generally tins 202 days, and is fine
only 163, and many of these days are lowering, with the sun
obscured; so that the comparison, in this point of dryness,
is very much in favour of South Australia. It is this peculiar
character of the climate which ought to recommend to the
cautious settler, sheep husbandry over every other sort of
rural industry ; the profits of which, if steadily persevered in,
will remunerate hiin.in a tew years for all the inconveniences
of a bush life. This species of farming has been the making
of New South Wales, and will be the gland pursuit of the
settler in South Australia, which will soon rival the older
colony in the fineness, if not in the quantity, of its wool.
This dryness of the climate has also a most favourable influ-
ence on the general health of the colony ; for, except the oph-
thahnia before complained of, the writer saw nothing indi-
cative of disease. The inhabitants may he said to live almost
constantly in the open air, retain for a long time their English
ruddiness of complexion, appear free from the prevailing dis-
eases of New South Wales, viz. the dysentery and influenza;
and even the children, when kept clean (a very difficult mat-
ter in summer time), look plump and chubby.—James's .31. z
Months in south Australia.

E BuSINESS.

The 'MAYOR then stated that he had to mention to the
council, that the death of the Earl of Clarendon, who held
the office of prothonotary of the Common Pleas at Lancaster,
might make it proper to submit representations to govern-
ment, before any new appointment should take place, in
favour of improvements, for saving expense and facilitating
despatch in business at the assizes, and in the execution of
writs. The Mayor, therefore, proposed that it should be re-
ferred to the Yowu-clerk to take the necessary measures,
under the direction of the proper committee. Agreed to.
PRESENTATION OF AIRMORIALS, &C.

A number of letters and memorials were read and referred,
without comment.

CHAPLAIN OF THE INFIRMARY

A letter from Mr. Edward Gibbon, chairman of the Infir-
mary Committee, was read by the Mayor. It prayed for a
continuance of the salary of £25 a-year to the chaplain of the
Infirmary.

The TOWN-CLERK stated, in reply to a question, that the
salary had been payable at the pleasure of the old corpora-
tion. After the passing of the municipal act it was disconti-
nued, in consequence of its not being known whether they
could legally pay it, as they knew not whether there would
be any surplus.
The letter was referred to the Finance Committee.
CLAIMS OF LIEUTENANT LOW.

A. letter from Lieutenant Low, government emigration
agent, was read, in which he prayeJ. that his memori.il of the
20th February last, which had been referred to the Finance
Committee, and rejected in consequence of his not having
sufficient evidence to support his claims, might be again re-
ferred, as Mr. James Aspinall was able and willing to I.,,ive
the evidence which was required. The claimof Lieut. Low
amounts to £30,1 19s. 70., being expenses incurred by him
on account of the government emigration office, between
May 7, 1833, and Dec. 31, 1838.
