STANDARD.

6 On the mi:iisteriat re,olutifins respecting Ciinada
proposed, tl.r. Leader moves that the Ciaincil of Canada shall be
elective ; a debaie ensues, whit h is adjourned.
The pan.chial aut iiiirities of the different Lonilon parishes
inert to take steps against the threatened introduction of the
new poor into the city of London.
7 Mr..Grote brings forward his annual motion for the adop-
tion of the ballot, which is lost, on a division, by A majority of
113; there being 153 for, and 265 against the motion.
John Pegswot th is executed for the murder of Mr. Ready,
in 11 steliff highway.

The Etnperor of Russia publishesan ukasS obliterating the
last mark of the independence of Poland, by abolishing " wal-
wodeships."
• S Several divisions take place on the ministerial resolutions
respecting Canada; some of which are carried, and the remain-
der deferied ; the object of the Canadian party being to defeat
ministers by delay.

The Sophia 'brig from Valparaiso, with 15 001) dollars on
board, is w:ec•ked on the North Bank, on the Cheshire shore;
all tl,e property being saved.
General Jackson, on the part of the United States, recog-
nises the independence of the Texas.
9 The Rev. Dr. Rice. rector of St. Luke's, Old-street, is
'fined by a magistrate for having assaulted an attendant at a
funeral, (luring the reading of the burial service.
The Archbishop of Canterbury presents petitions against
the ministeral plan for the abolition of church rates, and ex-
presses, on the part of fifteen bishops, their decided opposition
to the measure. A discussion takes place between the arch-
bishop, the prime minister, and other lords ; and the petitions
are oidered to lie on the table.
Mr. T. Dunciontie obtains leave to bring in s bill to abolish
the rate-paving clauses in the reform bill.
Mr. Barlow liov moves for copies of the correspondence
between the government of America, and his Majesty's gover-
nment, on the subject of the revolt in Texas. Mr. O'Connell
states the revolt to have been fomented by America in conse-
quence of Mexico having decreed the abolition of slavery. The
Motion, after s,,me.discussion was withdrawn.
Mr. Clarkson, one of the magistrates of the Thames-po-
lice, is thrown out of a chaise at Clerkenwell, and killed on the
spot.

-= Great meeting at Liverpool to resist the ministerial plan
for the abolition of church rates.
A similar meeting of the dissenters in the Potteries takes
pace at Stafford:

• It) On the vote of the navy estimates, Lord Mahon calls the
attention of the house to the state of Spain, when Lord Pal-
merston defends the course of policy adopted by his Majesty's
government. Mr. O'Connell disclaims any alliance between
Don Carlos and catholicity, and inveighs against the conduct
of the King of the French.
- Petitions against the abolition of church rates continue to
be presented to both houses of Parliament.
A general meeting of the silk trade takes place at Beth-
nal-green, at which it is agreed to memorialise their Majesties
on the subject of the distress prevailing amongst the operative
broad silk-weavers of Spitalfields.
• A deputation from the Highlands and Islands of Scotland
represent, at a meeting at the Mansion House, the appalling
dis•ress prevailing in those parts, and a committee is appointed
to take measures for the relief of the sufferers.
10 General Evans attacks the Carlists, and obtains possession
of the heights of Atnezagona.

Seven hundred petitions are presented to the House of
Commons against the abolition of church rates.
l Several bankers at Tours are convicted of having tamper-
ed with the persons in charge of the telegraph at that place,
with a view to obtain early and secret information for stock-
jobbing purposes.
Fifty members of the cortes meet at the house of the depu-
ty Caballero, and sign a memorial, declaring the actual admi-
nistration unworthy the confidence of the nation.
_

12 John Fawcett, the comedian, expired at Botley, in Hamp-
shire, in the 69th year of his age.
13 The House of Commons is engaged in further discussion
on the ministerial plan for the abolition of church rates.
Five, inquests take place at Hull, on children who had
been burnt to death during the two previous days.
The Infante Don Sebastian compels Sarsfield to retreat
to Pampeluna.
14 The debate on the abolition of church rates is resumed,
and again adjourned.
The Royal Geographical Society receive intelligence of
the death of Ali% Davidson, the intrepid African traveller, on
his way to Timbuctoo.
At-the assizes for Montgomery the judge congratulates
the jury that there is not a single prisoner for trial.
15 The house divides on the question of the ministerial reso-
lotions for the abolition of church rates, when there appears 273
for, and 250 a.ainst the resolutions.
A person of the name of Kearney wounds, in the attempt
to assassinate, John Loch, Esq. deputy chairman of the East
India Company.
A public ineeting of the friends of tie established church
takes place at Birmin;:liam, for the purpose of addressing the
archbishops and bishops on the subject of church rates.
Death of Viscountess Canning, widow of the late Right
Hon. George Canning.
General Evans obtains possession of the yenta of Her-
nani, capturing four pieces of artillery.
A great meeting is held at Hull against the ministerial
plan for the abolition of church rates.
16 A motion in the House of Commons for the admission of
foreign corn at a fixed duty is lost by a majority of 124, there
being 89 for, and 223 Ei.ainst the motion.
The conservatives of Maryleb,ne hold a grand festival.
Four persons burnt to death by a fire in 'Temple-strut,
Bristol.

The Infante Don Sebastian defeats General Evans with
great loss; the legion. being Saved- only froin total annihilation
by the presence of a body of British marines.
17 The Ilouse of COmmons negatives a motion for the pro-
duction of papers relative to the seizure of the Vixen.
yeral hundied Spitalfieldv v“...ers assemide round the
Manila-house, and present a petition to the lord. mayor, who
advises it fancy dress ball atone of the theatres for, their benefit.
Kearney, who had attempted to assassinate. John Loch,
Esq. dernity chairman of the East India Company,. commits
suicide in Giltspur-street. Compter.
The British consul at Pernambuco apprises the secretary
of state for foreign affairs of the illicit traffic in slaves tieing
carried on with impunity along, the whole coast of Brazil.
20 The parishes comprised within the Kensington union meet
to petition for a repeal of the new Poor Law Act.
21 Espartero is defeated by Don Sebastian, and retreats on

22 At a meeting of electors of Westminster, it is resolved
to request Sir F. Burdett to resign his seat, the hou. baronet
having become a tory.
Calcutta is visited by a hail storm.
23 Lord John Russell introduces several bills for the amend-
ment of the criminal law, partiCularly fur the abolition of the
punishment of death in several cases.
24 The progress of the mail coaches is again impeded by a
heavy fall of snow.
The Queen of the Belgians gives birth to a son.
• 23 The friends of the established church in Hereford meet to
Petition both houses of parliament against the abolition of,
church rates.
26 At this period several banks and commercial establish-
ments in America become insolvent.
27 Accounts are received of the government nf New Granada
having given she satisfaction demanded by the British govern-
ment for the insult offered to Mr. Russell, the British consul.
James Greenarre and Sarah Gale are examined before
the magistrates, on a charge of having murdered . Hannah
Brown, whos mutialted remains had been found in different
parts
,of the metropolis. Greenarre, who had previously at-
tempted.snicide, denies that he had wilfully murdered Hannah
Brown. The prisoners are remanded.
A new Theatre is opened in Norton-folgate.
- Mr. Vance, surgeon, of Sackville-street, Piccadilly, is
thrown down stairs and killed on the spot by a madman, whom
he had been called upon to attend in his professional capacity.
Above 30,000 persons go from London to Greenwich by
the railroad to the Easter fair.
The cortes suspend their sittings on account of the pre-
valence of the grippe.
Mrs. Fitzherbert died in Brighton in the 8.3 d year of her
age.
The Marquis of Bath died in his 73d year.
28 A fire occurs in Exeter-street, Brompton, attended with
loss of life.
The operatives of Leeds hold a grand conservative festival.
29 Cabrera surprises and surrounds a brigade of Christinos,
of 1000 infantry and 155 cavalry, whom he takes prisoners.
30 Great meeting of the friends of the established Church at
Chelmsford.

An actor at the Queens Theatre, Manchester, is acci-
dentally killed by the discharge of a pistol during the perfor-
mance.

The Mechanic's Institntion, Liverpool, is destroyed by

fire
31 The Mexican government protest against the acknow-
ledgement, by America, of the independence of the Texas.
—A meeting is held at Kensington for the formation of the
South London Protestant Association.
A deputation from the friends of the established church in
Birmingham address the Archbishop of Canterbury on the sub-
ject of the abolition of church rates.
Mr. Constable R. A. died in the 60th year of his age.
Grand conservative festival at Hastings.
- ,2,890 hand-loam weavers are at-ttits time out -of employ in
Glasgow and its neighbourhood.
