HOUSE OF LORDS.-TUESDAY.

After the presentation of some petitions on various subjects,
Lord liitouctiam brought forward the consideration of the
order of council, dated 12th JolY, 18.37, extending the time of
a previous order to apprentice free labourers imported from In-
dia from three years to five sears in Guiana ; and in a spe.ch
of great length he contended that the order was made clan-
destinely, inasmuch that it never appeared in the Gazette, and
that it had the effect of sanctioning the continuance of slavery
in our colonies. His lordship concluded by moving, a resolu-
tion condemnatory of the order.
Lord GLENCLG, it will be observed, supported the order
.in
council, the principles on which it proceeded, and the precau-
tions by which it was sur,rounded: he did so because the most
laborious sureties were taken to secure the return of the parties
should they desire such return.
The Duke of WELLINGTON urged the importance of pro-
tecting the proposed arrangement by securing, the safety of the
labourers thus to be engaged.
. . . .

Lord MELBOURNE said that every care should be taken to
sectve.t4ie fair aril correct working of the system.
Lord ELLENaottovoti supported the motion, as he viewed
the order in council as re-establishing the slave trade.
Lord Bauudna NI having replied,
The Duke of WELLINGTON, not wishing to oppose the
motion, proposed the " previous question."
Lord LYNDHURST said that he should support the original
motion, as he did not think that due care had been taken in
drawing up the order in council.
The house eventually divided on the " previous question."
The numbers were—for it, 56; against it, 14—majority, 42.
Lord BROUGHAM conceiving that his motion was negatived
on the understanding that the government would introduce a
measure embodying
.the recommendations submitted by the
Duke of Wellington. inquired when the bill on the subject
would he brought in ?
Lord MELBOURNE and Lord GLENELG answered, as speedily.
as possible.
Their Lordships then adjourned.
