DEATH OF LADY JOHN RUSSELL.

Baicirrotc.—Fuloa v.—lt is with the deepest regret that
we have to announce the death of this lady, which event took
place yesterday afternoon at Kemp Town. IJer ladyship,
from the time she began to decline, never rallied. The
Duchess of Bedford passed the whole of Wednesday night at
Kemp Town. Lord John Russell and the Bedford family
are in the deepest grief at this melancholy event. Her lady-
ship was about 34 'fears of age. She was the eldest daughter
of Thomas Lister, Esq., awl was married to Lord Ribbles-
dale on the 9th February, 1826, and to Lord John Russell
about two years ago. This was her sixth confinement.
The Princess Augusta, accompanied by MiSS W!,nyaril,
drove out on the King's-road this morning before luncheon.
Her royal highness's equipage is distinguished by a single
outrider.

The following called to pay their respects to her royal high-
ness in the course of the day :—Colonel O'Reilly and the Du-
chess of Roxburgbe, Lady Keats, Lady Hyde Parker, Lady
and Miss Bushe, Lieutenant-Colonel and Lady Not th, and
Lady Chambers.

WINDSOR, SUNDAY.—Yesterday the Queen rode in the
park on horseback, and her Royal Highness the Duchess of
Kent drove to Kensington and back.
This morning her Majesty attended Divine service at St.
George's Chapel. The Rev. J. Gore read the service, and
the Hon. and Very Rev, the Desu of Windsor, assisted by
the Rev. Mr. Musgrave, officiated at the altar. The latter
divine preached an admirable sermon from the 13th chap.
Hebrews, part of the sth and 6th verse. The service was
Travel's iu F., the Sanctus and responses Joinelle, and the
anthem " In the beginning," followed by `the Heaven's
are telling," from Haydn's oratorio the Creation. The AA:
lowing attended her Majesty at the chapel:—Load Surrey,
Lord and Ladv Howard de Walden, Viscount Palmerston,
Lord Byron, Lade Mary Stopford, Baroness Lehzen. Lady
Barham, Lady J. Digby, Hon. Misses Cox and Caven-
dish, Mr. Rich and Mr. Digby.
The Duke of Argyll, Lord and Lady Howard de Walden,
and Viscount Palmerston arrived at the Castle yesterday af-
ternoon.

To-morrow the Queen will hold a council at the castle,

This afternoon the Queen honoured the company on the
terrace with her presence. The military bands were in at-
tendance.

FASHIONS FOR NOVEMBER.

(From the World of Fashion Monthly Magazine.)

PELISSES will be fashionable in different materials, as silks,
satin=, and plain fine merinos. Some of the latter made with
the corsages high, and close to the shape, and closed before
by a single row of gilt buttons; the sleeves are full in the
centre, but confined by a tight cuff fastened by buttons to
correspond. Gilt and fancy buttons will be in request for
dresses of this kind during the ensuing season.
SPENcEas.—This fashion, so long laid upon the shelf, will
be revived this winter, both for carriage dress and for the
theatres; those adapted for the first will be velvet, made
high and close, and trimmed either with expensive fur, or
fancy silk trimmings. The others will be of light-coloured
satins, opening in the shawl style, but trimmed, instead of a
pelerine, with a bouillon of tulle, edged with a row of blond
lace. Large sleeves trimmed at the top with bouillons of
tulle.

CLOAKS.—There is a grand distinction made between those
intented for carriage or promenade dress, and those employed
for the evening. wraps; the majority of the first are confined
at the waist with cords and tassels, in the pelisse style, and
made as long and ample as usual. Short cloaks are most in
favour for the latter.
HATS AND BONNETS.—A decided diminution has taken
place in the size of both. Nothing is more elegant for half-
dress than a velvet bonnet of a small and rather close shape.
something between a cottage and an open front: a bouquet
of short shaded feathers is placed on one side, and a few small
flowers, sometimes intermixed with blond lace, and some-
times not, decorate the interior of the brim.
SHAWL 11ANTELETS.—The velvet and satin shawls so
much in favour last year have been again revived with che-
nille fur, and black face trimming, but the novelty of the
moment, the shawl par excellence, is the shawl mantle; it is
of the usual form, but disposed in front on each side in folds
in such a manner as to supply the place of sleeves.
Foasts OF ROBES IN EVENING DRESS.—FIat corsages
will be most in favour. Corsages draped en cosur will not,
however, be laid aside; indeed, the fashion is too pretty and
becomming to be easily abandoned; but whatever form the
upper part of the corsage may have, it must determine in a
point. If the sleeve is long, the Victoria form will remain
in favour; if short, it may be tight, with a trimming\of the
manchette kind, or else disposed in small bouillons. The
skirts are decidedly wider than those of last year.
TRIMMINGS FOIL EVENING ROBES.—Feather fringe and
flowers will be in equal favour; embroidery is expected to
lose nothing of its vogue, and flowers, though they have been
so long in request, will continue as fashionable as ever. But
the trimming expected to be most in request, is old fashioned
point lace.
EVENING HATS are now composed of either velvet or
Terry velvet, shallow in front and wide at the sides ; they are
always ornamented with ostrich feathers, either plain or
shaded, but the latter are preferred.
BONNETS A CEDLAIR, leave the forehead exposed, allow-
ing the ringlets in which the hair is always dressed with this
cap, to fall over the temples; but a rouleau of riband, edged
with blond lace, forms a diadem over the forehead, and is
placed very far back.

STATIONS OF THE BRITISH ARMY
ON THE 18T Of NOVEMBER, 1838.
(From the United Service Journal.)

Where two places are mentioned, the last named is that at which
the depot of the regiment is stationed.]

Ist Life Guards—Regent's Park
2d—Hyde Park
Royal Horse Guards—Windsor
Ist Drgn Gds—Canada; Covtry
2d—N ewbridge
3d—Manchester
4th—lpswich
sth-1 ork
6th—Dorchester
7th—Edinburgh
Ist Dragoons—Cork
2d—Dublin
3d— Bengal
4th—Bombay
6th—Cahir
7th Hussars—Canada; Covtry.
Bth—Dundalk
9th Lancers—Leeds
10th Hussars—Hounslow .
11th Light Dragoons—Cantrbry.
12th Lancers—Brighton
13th Light Dragoons—Madras
14th—Birmingham
lath Hussars—Glasgow
16th Lancers—Bengal
17th—Dublin
Grenadier Guards (Ist batt.) St.
John's Wood
(2d batt.)—Canada
(3d batt.)—St. George's Bar.
Coldstream Guards (Ist battln.)
(2d batt.)—Canada
Scotch Fusileer Guards (Ist batt.)

40th Foot—Bombay ; Chatham
41st—Madras ; Chatham
42d—Dublin
43d—Canada ; Dover
44th—Bengal ; Chatham
45th—Canterbury
46th—Gibraltar; Devonport
47th—Malta ; Jersey
48th—Gibraltar; Cork
49th—Bengal ; Chatham
50th—N. B. Wales; Chatham
51st—V. D. Land ; Chatham
s.2dt—W. Indies; Newcastle
53d—Ionian Isles; Naafi
54th—Madras; Chatham
55th—Madras; Chatham
56th—Jamaica ; Kinsale
57th—Madras; Chatham.
58th+—Cey1on; Fethard
59th—Malta; Mullingar
Goth (Ist battn.)—lonian Isles;
Dublin
_ _ _

(2d bat.)—lon. Isles ;Portsmth.
61st—Caylon ; Clontnel
62d—Madras; Chatham
63d—Madras; Chatham
64th—Jamaica ; Londonderry
65th—America
66th—Canada ; Youghal
67th—West Indies; Chatham
68th—Jamaica ; Waterford
69th—West Indies; Cork
70ti—West Indies; Nenagh
71st—Canada; Buttevant
72d—C. G. Hope; Paisley
73d—Canada ; Clare Castle
74th—West Indies; Aberdeen
75th—C. G. Hope ; Boyle
76th—West Indies; Drogheda
77th—Malta ; Galway
78th—Glasgow
79th—Dublin
80th—N. S. Wales; Chatham
81st—Gibraltar; Chester Castle
82d—Gibraltar; Sheerness
83d—Canada; Hull
84th—Portsmouth
85th—Canada ; Plymouth
86th—Stockport
87th—Mauritius ; Castlebar
88th -Bolton
89th—West Indies ; Gosport
90th—Ceylon ; Portsmouth
91st—St. Helena ; Dundee
9.2d—Malta ; Limerick
93d—America ; Buttevant
94tha—Cork
95tha—Newry
96th—Dublin
97th—Bier
98th—Bolton
99th—Athlone
Rifle Brigade ( Ist Batt}—Tower
(2d Batt.—Woolwich
Royal Staff Corps)—Hythe
Ist W. In Regt.—St. Lucia, &c.
2d—N. Providence Sc Honduras
Ceylon Rifle Regiment—Ceylon
Cape Mounted Riflemen—Cape
of Good Hope
Royal Afrizan Colonial Corps—
Sierra Leone
__

_
Windsor
(2d hatt.)—Wellington Bar.
Ist Foot (Ist batti—Edinburgh
(24 batt.)—Canada ; Devonport
2d Foot—Bombay ; Chatham
3d—Bengal ; Chatham
4th—Madras; Chatham
sth—lonian Isles ; Dublin
6th—Bombay ; Chatham
7th—Dublin
Bth—Jamaica; Guernsey
9th —Bengal ; Chatham
10th—Templemore
nth—America ; Chatham
12th—Mauritius ; TralPe
13th—Bengal ; Chatham
14th—West Indies ; Brecon
15th—Canada ; Plymouth
16th—Bengal; Chatham •
17th—Bombay • Ghatham
18th—Ceylon ; 'Portsmouth
19th—Kilkenny
20th—Manchester
21st—V. Dieman's Ld; Chatham
22d—Belfast
234—America; Armagh
24th—Canada; Gosport
25th—Dublin
25th—Bengal; Chatham
27th—C. of G. Hope ; Dover
28th—N.S. Wales ; Chatham
29th—Plymouth
30th—Bermuda; Sunderland
31st—Bengal ; Chatham
32d—Canada ; Fermoy
33d—Gibraltar; Carlisle
34th—Canada ; Fermoy
35th—Mauritius; Stirling
36th—America ; Kinsale
37th—Jamaica ; Cork
38th—Enniskillen
39th—Madras; Chatham
• Order,

Royal Newfld. Veteran Compy.
Newfoundand

Royal Malta- Feneib les—Malta
1 home.

THE LATE HCRRICANE.—EarIy on Monday morning this
part of the country (Taunton) was visited by a furious hur-
ricane, which did considerable damage in the town and
neighbourhood. A great number of fine trees have been
blown down in all directions; chimnies have fallen, and
many roofs have been divested of their tiles and lead; but
happily we have heard of no serious personal injury having
been sustained. During the height of the gale, a stack of
chimnies on the house of Mr. Clement Drake fell with a tre-
mendous crash, breaking through the roof into the bed-room
in which Mr. and Mrs. Drake were sleeping. From the great
weight of the materials, the falling mass broke through the
bed-room floor and through that of the room underneath,
making its way to the ground floor. Fortunately no lives
were lost.—Dorset Chronicle.

DISGRACEFUL TRICK.—We have bad lately and (we re-
gret to say, more than once) to notice the sending of letters
through the Post-office under the seals of which Detonating
Powders were concealed ; but the most heartless and atrocious
instance of the kind that has come to our knowledge oc-
curred ou Monday. On that day a letter was delivered at
the lodgings of a lady in this city. It was sealed with black
wax, and, apprehensive that it contained unfavourable intel-
ligence of a little son who was at school and in delicate
health, she opened it hastily. On breaking the seal a deto-
nating powder exploded, lacerating three of her fingers,
wounding her under one of the eyes, and terrifying her to
a degree which might have thrown her (as the same cruel and
cowardly experiment has thrown others) into hysterics.
What could be the motive of the villain (if it was a man) by
whom this nefarious deed was done, is not easy to conjec-
ture. There is not in the city, one would think, a person less
likely to become an object of hostility than the lady in ques-
tion. She is a widow—left a widow at two-and-twenty—her
husband snatched away by cholera one day—her mother
taken by the same fatal malady the next ! Surely if any-
thing could insure her protection, she ought to find it here.
We hope the miscreant will be discovered, and if he be, it is
the determination of the gentleman who spewed us the letter
to punish him as far as the law provides a penalty. We have
doubts, however, whether the offender be a man—if he be,
it is certainly only in form. The writing, though disguised,
we suspect to be that of a female. There was nothing inside
but the paper—part of an anti-slavery publication, and
beaded. we think, "Cruelties inflicted on Captain Goss and
his wife"—in which the powder was made up. The wax was,
as we have mentioned, black, and the seal was inscribed
" Maria."—Cork Constitution.
