Uzlantco,

WAN MD, in an Office, a respectable,stont, smart LAD,
about seventeen years of age. Salatr,y, Wto £l5 the
first year.
Apply, in the applicant's own handwritinv, stn.-fir:J: references,
and with whom last employed, to A: F., at the Standard-office.

Emperial Vartiament.

HOUSE OF LORDS.—MoNDAY.

The presentation, by the Marquis of LONDONDERRY, of a
petitio'ir from the West-end tradesmen, for the postponement of
the " coronation," called forth some curious conversation, Earl
Fit zwilliatri designating that ceremonial as an idle and useless
pageant.
The consideration of the poor relief (Ireland) bill occupied
the remainder of the evening.
There was a good deal of discussion previously to their Lord-
ships resolving into committee on the bill.
'rhe Eail of RODEN moved as an amendment that their
lordships resolve into committee that' day six months ; but the
amendment was eventually withdrawn, and the house went into
committee.

After extended debate, in the course of which Lords Fitz-
gerald, Melbourne, and Brougham delivered their opiniuns, it
was adjourned till Thursday.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.-MONDAY.

Mr. Heneage was sworn, and took his seat for Devizes; and
a new writ was ordered for the county of Linlithgow, in the
room of Mr. James Hope, who has accepted the Chiltern
Hundreds.

NEGRO APPRENTICESHIP

The order of the day for taking into consideration the reso-
lutions relating to negro apprenticeship in the West Indies
having been read,

Sit G. Gass rose, pursuant to notice, and, in the course of a
speech of souse length and ability, adverted with considerable
severity to the conduct of the recent meeting at Exeter Hall,
and complained of the eager and injudicious haste with which
tidings had already been sent out to the West Indies of the un-
expected adoption of the resolution of Sir Eardley Wilmot.
This fact alone rendered it imperative upon ministers to lose no
time in taking measures to counteract what he must call a
wicked attempt to create an impression which might otherwise
be productive of the most fatal results. His anxiety was to pro-
tect the peaceable but hopeful negroes from the grossest delu-
sion; and he claimed of the house, that it would lend its aid in
securing adherence to a course of policy consistent with reason,
justice, and enlightened benevolence. He concluded by
moving—" I. That, In order to prevent the injurious conse-
quences which may follow from the intentions of parliament
being left in doubt, and in order to maintain the peace and wel-
fare of the colonies, it is necessary to declare that, in the opi-
nion of this house, it is not advisable to adopt any proceedings
for the purpose of giving effect to the resolution of the 22d of
May.-2. That this house, at the same time, declares its opi-
nion that no means should be omitted which can tend to secure
to the negro population of her Majesty's colonies the privileges
to which they are entitled under the act for the abolition of.
slavery, and under the act fur the amendment of the slavery
abolition act : and further, that the anxious attention of this
house. will be directed to the state and condition of the negro
population, when the expiration of the term of apprenticeship
shall have entitled them to the full enjoyment of entire free-
dom."

Sir E. WicmoT.said he was perfectly ready, if the amend;
ments which he intended to propose were successful, to in-
troduce a bill for the purpose of carrying out the resolution of
the 22,1 of May, which would include provisions to confer secu-
rity upon the negro, and safety to the masters, and would place
the negro exactly in the position of the free labourer in England.
If, however, his amendment should be unfortunately lost, he
would not only say what he should do, but he would take any
and evtry constitutional course which was open to hitt' for the
purpose of effectuating the resolution of the 22d of May. He
proposed, then, by way of amendment, to leave out all the words
in the original motion after the word " that," for the purpose
of inserting words to this effect :—" That it is the opinion of
this house that the resolution passed on the 22d of May should
be carried into effect by means of a legislative enactment; due
provision being made to secure the peace of the-colonies, and
to promote the full enjoyment of equal rights among all classes."
Mr. VituEas seconded the amendment.

A long debate ensued. The speakers were Mir. Barron, Mr.
Sergeant Jackson, Mr. Holton, Sir C. E. Grey, Mr. Ward,
and Mr. Ellice, who said, that if the ikterests ofthe masters
alune had been at stake, those he woulcrhtve compensated in
money; but he objected to the immediate abolition, not for the
sake of the master, but of the negro. Befort the negro could
be safely set at large, you must provide a poor law—a vagrant
law—an improved curreflcv—and you must ripodel the dis-
crepant legislatures of the different colonies. These were works
of some time and care.

Sir H. INGLIS and Mr. BA INS followed, and were succeeded
by
Sir ROBERT PEEL, who teryemphatically stated his Ajection
to a resolution which was avowedly not to be followed up by a
bill, but which reserved a former deliberate resolution, affected
to repeal a soletril act of Parliament, and sought to.ingol,Yert he
house in ditliAlties, hot only without the accompirshinent of
any good purpose, but with the mischievous consequence of ex-
pectations of the negroes. If the resolution Of the hon. mem-
ber for Warwickshire were permitted to remain unrescinded,
an impression might get abroad, that, the legislature having
abdicted its functions, they devolved upon Exeter Hail; a
heavy blow would be struck at the influence of parliament, and
it might even be deprived hereafter of the power of holding the
balance of justice between the planters and the slaves with a
firm and steady hand.
Mr. O'CONNELL supported the amendment, and was followed
by
Lord STANLEY, who opposed it.
After a few remarks from Dr. LUiHINGTON,
Lord Joust RUSSELL declared his determination to oppose
the anieudnient, and said, if the resolutions proposed by the
government were carried, the effect would be, that the act for
the emancipation of the negroes would go on, and time would
then be.given for the preparation of the various measures ne-
cessary on the alteration which would take place in the condi-
tion of the negro population in 18-10. If the house did not in-
terfere to limit the period stipulated for the continuance of the
-apprenticeship system, and thus create irritation, the best re-'
suits might be expected; but if those expectations were disap-
pointed, then the house would have to thank itself, or those who
had attempted to mar a fair experiment, should confusion and
irritated feelings take the place of order and harmony.
The house then divided, when there appeared—For the mo-
tion. 250; for the abiendment,- 17S ; majority-72.
It was agreed that the house shonid sit next day, (Tuesday),
and proceed with the Irish Municipal Corporations bill. 'r h e
other orders of the day were then disposed of, and the house
adjourned at two o'clock. -
