I am, sir, your humble servant,
ANTI-RADICAL

Liverpool, 18th July, 1840.

MELANCHOLY BEREAVEMENT.—LOSS OF THE SHIP
LOUISIANA.—It is our painful duty to state, that the fears
which have for many weeks been entertained for the safety of
two of our young townsmen, the sons of Thomas Blackburn,
Esq. surgeon, who were on a voyage from Rio Janeiro to
New York, have been fatally confirmed ; no doubt being felt,
either at New York or at this port, that the ship in which
they sailed, the Louisiana, Captain Marsden, must have been
lost in a storm, with all on board. This most afflictive event
having excited strong and general sympathy, we feel called
upon to mention the leading particulars. Mr. John Black-
burn, who was the eldest surviving son of Mr. Blackburn,
and bad recently become his partner, having suffered from a
pulmonary affection, sailed to Rio Janeiro in the spring of
last year, for the benefit of his health ; and his youngest
brother, Mr. Britain Blackburn, accompanied him, to render
the attentions required by an invalid. After a residence of
upwards of seven months in Rio Janeiro, and at the Organ
Mountains, with great benefit to the health of Mr. John
Blackburn, the brothers sailed from Rio for New York on
the 12th of February, hoping to reach England by the month
of June: The Louisiana, though not a new vessel, was ac-
counted a good one, and was commanded by Captain Mars-
den, a very able and experienced seaman, who had made the
voyage between the United States and Brasil seventeen times.
The ship was expressly recommended to the Messrs. Black-
burn at Rio, as the one most likely to scure their comfort on
the voyage. It was expected that the Louisiana would reach
New York early in April ; but, from the day that she sailed,
she has never been heard of. No account of her being spoken
at sea has appeared either in the New York shipping lists up
to the Ist of July, or in those of this country. It is known,
however, that severe gales were experienced in the Atlantic
off the coast of North America at the end of March, and the
beginning of April; and it is supposed, that in one of those
gales, whilst crossing the lower part of the Gulf Stream,
where the sea is peculiarly dangerous in rough weather, the
vessel has been lost. Early in May, great apprehensions
were felt for the Louisiana in New York, and now all hope of
her safety has vanished.—Times.
ARRIVAL OF TROOPS.—There are now anchored in the
Sloyne two fine frigate-looking government vessels, of large
tonnage, though barque rigged, which have brought front
Scotland a large portion of the 78th regiment of Highlanders.
The gallant soldiers were landed on Wednesday and yester-
day. These are, we learn, on their way to Birmingham.
They are a fine looking athletic body of men, and their cos-
tume is of the most graceful Gaelic.

The prospects of the sportsmen are very favorable this sea-
son. Grouse are unusually plentiful—another result, we sup-
pose, of the early and beautiful spring. Throughout the.
northern counties and Scotland the birds were never more
plentiful on the hills.—NewcastleJournal.
A tVizALHY SHIP OWNER.—A gentleman in Whitby, well
known as a shipowner in that town, is possessed of the whole
of the " Ocean," and half of "Great Britain." Startling as
the fact may appear, it is no more strange than true, and
bears out the saying that " facts are more strange than fie-
tion."—Northern Times.
On Wednesday evening, James Lulhain, a boy of ten years
of age, came to his death by injuries inflicted by an antelope
belonging to Mr. Bailey, of the Swiss Gardens, at Brighton.
• When Oxford fired at the Queen and Prince Albert, why
was he like 0 Connell ? Because he was for a repeal
of they
union.

The Jupiter troop-ship, on her way to China, arrived at
Madeira, all well, on the Ist inst., and was to proceed on the
following day.—Hampshire Telegraph.
The Memorial des Pyrenees states that the civil war in
Spain has lasted six years nine months and two days.
The Prince de Canino, Lucien Bonaparte, is said to have
died of the same complaint as his brother the Emperor Na-
poleon—cancer in the stomach.
The Royal Agricultural Society of England held its annual.
meeting at Cambridge during the past week. The show of
cattle and stock of all sorts was of the most splendid descrip-
tion, and proportionate prizes were awarded. The town
presented an immense influx of visitors, and upwards 9f. 400
noblemen and gentlemen dined together in the magnificent
dining hall of Trinity College. The Dukes of Richmond,
Rutland, and St. Alban's, the Marquis of Northampton,
Earl Spencer, and several other noblemen and gentlemen,
were among the guests.

Box Mo?.—Speaking of our excellent Sovereign, we eau-
not help noticing a remarkably good, joke of one of the wit-
tiest of our lawyers, who, "sub rose,:: says more good things
in a given time than any fifty of his learned frieds," who,
when expressing his certainty that the country would be
.de-
lighted at the birth of an heir to the throne, was met with
the question-4' AY,whp.t would the people say if there
but
.what
twins?" " Why," said the learned gentlemen, " that,
perhaps, would be more than they want—l think that the
nation would be satisfied with the pledge without the dupli-
cate."—John Bull.

ENGAGEMENT WITH THREE SLAVERS OFF THE COAST
or CUBA.—In February last, in a letter from the Island of
Caymans, it was stated that three or four slavers, bound to
Cuba, were expected in March last to a particular strait,
known only to the pilots of Cuha. This information was
immediately communicated to the commodore, who, within
a few hours, promptly despatched two ships of war to cruise,
under a Caymanean pilot, in the strait referred to. One of
these vessels, after cruising the month of March, returned to
Port Royal in the beginning of April. The other, about a
fortnight after, fell in with three of the expected slavers ; and
from a letter, dated Grand Caymana, May 30, it appears that
the commander of the British cruizer attempted to board
them ; the slavers fired into and shattered the man of war's
boats. It is not stated whether any lives Were lost; but the
bold attack of the slavers proved successful to them, for they
all escaped, and no doubt with flying colours, as having over..
matched British interference, carrying their cargo of living
merchandise into the strong-hold of West India slavery.--
Jantaita Pa'per.

CONTEMPORARY PRESS.

FOREIGN SUGAR.
(From the London Journal of Commerce.)
--TONT of colonial sugar has at last brought
t and Brazil into the market for
*ion, on payment of the heavy differen-
-sing the case, the time, in our opi-
n orary opening of the ports
;e it is perfectly clear that
1 rred. from the use of this
!cessities of the people of
let the sugar come from

(gars of Cut

Such be

‘,.terT

trongli advocate the

[ty on foreign sugars, we do
our opinion as to th(
lequate supply of labour is
nto our own colonies. The

to us the strongest argument

mediate steps tieing taken to

!e labour which would enable our sugar
.bete with the products of slave labour.
, is the time to restore prosperity to the
colonies, and to preserve the capital of
We have no doubt that free labour is
slave labour; but free labour has not
d in the West Indies, or British Guiana.
has addressed a letter to the Morning
which he " maintains that it is not by
stering our exhausted colonies that the

of the abolition of slavery in the world
d." Exhausted colonies ! Does Mr.
o assert that the British sugar colonies

exhausted

,ling but ignorance and disinge-

ousness could hazard such an assertion. Is Jamaica,

with its two millions of waste land, an exhausted co-
lony? Is Trinidad, with its fine black mould and wa-
tered savannahs, which Mr. Canning described as
holding out excitements for carrying on the slave-trade
which flesh and blood could not resist, an exhausted
colony ? Is British Guiana, with millions of acres of
the most fertile alluvial soil, into which a hoe was never
thrust, and with unrivailed facilities of water cornmu-
cation, an exhausted colony ? This future El Dorado
of Great Britain's western possessions an exhausted
colony ! Is the Mauritius, in which, within the last
four years only, thousands of acres of virgin soil have
been brought into successful cultivation, and in which
a larger proportion still lies uncultivated, an exhausted
colony ? These four colonies, if immigration into them
were properly encouraged, could alone supply all
Europe with sugar; and yet Mr. Ewart talks about
fostering "our exhausted colonies !"
Mr. Ewart is peculiarly unfortunate in his statements;
he writes of " the free-grown sugar of Manilla, Siam,
Java, and China." The idea of procuring any con-
stant supply of sugar from the Phillippines or China is
absurd ; and, although considerable importations
might take "place from Siam or Java, we deny that it
would be of free-grown sugar. Slavery, such as that
of Cuba or Brazil, may not exist either in Siam or Java,
but compulsory labour does exist in both countries,
and it is that alone which produces sugar in either.
The many aggressions of the Dutch in the Eastern
Archipelago on British trade render the encouragement
of trade with Java impolitic.
One fact, in spite of Mr. Ewart, cannot be concealed ;
and it is, that our supply of sugar must either be de-
rived permanently from our own colonies, or from slave
countries. The immense fixed capital which the pro-
duction for the British market requires, exists only in
slave countries or in the British sugar colonies; so
that if we are determined to destroy the latter, we must
be dependent on the former.

THE PROPERTY OF THE CHURCH.
(From the Morning Herald of Tuesday.)
The third reading of the Ecclesiastical Duties and
Revenues Bill was moved, last night, by Lord John
Russell.
A long discussion followed, in the course of which
several amendments were proposed by Sir Robert Inglis,
by Mr. Goulburn, by Mr. Acland, and by Sir Thomas
Acland. Those amendments tended all, more or less.
to limit the mischievous operation of the measure ; but
patching nor tinkering could suffice to neutralise
pernicious nature of the principles on which the
lis founded. Those principles are, as Sir Robert
well observed, entitled principles of appropria-
-they are, in truth, principles of spoliation.
11 ume admitted the true tendency and character
!asure, when he declared that his only objec-
consisted in the fact, that it did not go far
ing ecclesiastical property at the disposal
t. Ecclesiastical property, according to
I reasoners of his school, is public pro-

no
the
bil

l lies at the bottom of all modern
hurch : all such " reforms," there-
sted at all hazards, and to the utter-

ue, that church property is public
perty, undoubtedly, stands to
liwerent in some respects from
_ nds; but church pro-
to the public as do the posses-
vidual member of the community.
tors of public affairs are, ex-officio,

)perty s

right management of church property;
in the case of the state, no more than
irate individuals, conveys to the trustee

It e property

title to wha

o. . .
n this' subject amongst the eco-
is, that the church can have no
as churchmen cannot sell or dis-

their incomes are derived

re, is, that churchmen are merely
e public, like soldiers and sailors;
is styled church property resides

he fallacy of these assumptions is transparent
101. The property of the church was, at One time,
property of private individuals; and if private
)erty is to he considered as sacred, the right of
viduals to bestow their possessions on the church
lot be deemed less sacred than the right of indivi-
sto turn their possessions to any other use. As
ie fact on which so much stress is laid,—the fact
churchmen cannot sell nor alienate the sources
nce their incomes are derived—what does it prove?

It proves, assuredly, mothing against the right of the
church, however it may prove that the rights of each
generation of churchmen are limi.ed. The same cir-
cumstances may, however, be noted, in the case of
every corporation. Corporations may, and do hold
masses of property; yet each individual race of corpo-
rators is utterly powerless to sell or dispose of the cor-
poration property. What is true in this respect, of
every corporation, is true also of the church. The
church possesses property, which the ministers of the
church are not at liberty to dispose of.
The right of the public, in the matter, is simply a
matter of trusteeship. The state is bound, in certain
cases, to superintend the application of ecclesiastical
property; but the property never, on that account,
ceases to be ecclesiastical. As well might it be con-
tended that all the property placed in chancery is the
property of the Lord Chancellor, as that the property
of the church can ever belong to the state.
The Ecclesiastical Duties and Revenues Bill is, in
its intimate nature, an act of spoliation.

The harvest in France, with the exception of the barley,
promises well.

SINGULAR CASE OF COLONEL MURRAY AND HIS WIFE.
—BRUSSELS, JULY IB.—We have mentioned that Colonel
Murray had come from Paris to Brussels, to surrender him-
self prisoner on an accusation of attempting to assassinate
his wife on the Boulevard of Waterloo. In the month of
November last, a handsome lady, mounted on a white horse,
and followed by a servant in livery, was taking her usual ride
in the Boulevard of Waterloo, when all of a sudden she per-
ceived her husband, whom she believed to be at Paris.
Being rather alarmed at his appearance, she turned round,
descended the Boulevard, and went home; on her return
she again she again saw her. husband on the Boulevard; he
had in his hand a cane of unusual dimensions. On return-
ing home with her servant the fair Amazon saw the vestibule
spotted with blood. On examination it was found that the
sarvant's horse bad a wound near the tail, from which blood
flawed in abundance. M. Doutreligne, one of our ablest
veterinary surgeons, was sent for, and declared the wound
was caused by a Are-arm ; but as no report was heard either
by the lady or her servant, it was concluded that an air-gun
must have been used. Such are the facts on which the accu-
sation of Colonel Kent Murray is founded. The colonel,
however, meets the accusation by pleading an alibi; he
affirms, in a memorial which he has lately delivered, that in
the month of November last, and especially on the day when
the attempt was made, he did not leave Paris. We are as-
sured that he adduces the minutest details, and offers to
prove this alibi ; while several witnesses who have been ex-
amined in the preliminary proceedings declare that they saw
the colonel at Brussels some days after the alleged attempt,
and Mrs. Murray, her man servant and her aid declare
that they could not be mistaken.--Brussels Paper.

EPUTABLE AND DEGRADED STATE OF THE LITERA-
F ENGLAND AT THE PRESENT DAY.—That the
of our country has had at all periods, a vast influ-
er the manners and morals of its people, is a position
1 not be controverted. The press,—and the London
specially—is a formidable species of literature in its
'he horrible details of offences, the reports of the pro-
; of police offices, &c., are so many shocks to the eye
ence, delicacy,
and virtue: Still Worse are such pub-
; as Paul Clifford, Oliver Twist, Jack Sheppard,
Dulard, to say nothing of the loathsome mass
roped papers, the Paul Pry, the Socialist's Journal,
like ; Stephen Diward(published too by the Queen's

of ihe latest, so it is one of the grossest
wholesale in the coarsest, filthiest,
, and with scarcely a redeeming trait
ses," observes a contemporary, " in
;;'—and were it possible, would it
for ever ignorant of the existence
it to our doors, without in-

our drawing-rooms,_ our

nr,g it under the very noses of our
se whom we would willingly preserve

)r any such thing

.are we not in our

mpetled to witness too much of it—to be too
in its mysteries?" But by the circulation of

those we have youth are fa-
crime as the infant is with its mother's
To urnal.

NtOSPECTS OF THE SESSION.-It appears from the orders
the House of Commons for the present week, that there
at present thirteen bills before it waiting fora second read-
:, seventeen waiting to be committed, nineteen waiting a
mrt, and five waiting fora third reading. This is inde-
adent of the appropriation bill, not yet introduced into the
rumons, and the regency bill, now in the House of Lords.
[ere is, therefore, a grand total of fifty-six bills still to nn-
rgo consideration in the House of Commons. Out of this
niber, we believe that there arc not more than three which
ve come down to the Commons from the. House of Lords.
the session is to be closed within a month as public report
erts, the House of Lords must get through their share in
; process of legislation with more than railroad velocity.-
7res, Tuesday.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE

MANCHESTER, TUESDAY EVENING

A considerable part of the morning was devoted to settling
on the Liverpool events. The books were heavy, told' we
imagine the " Sleight-of-Hand tick" did not snit some of
our capitalists. Several parties win long odds rasher unex-
pectedly.
Touching the Goodwood Stakes and Cup, we may observe,
that 7to 1 was offered on the field for the foi. mer. At one
period it wad taken about Orelia, but a poiv c more was laid
before the close. Clarion is about an equal favourite, 7to 1
being accepted in ponies yesterday ; 8 to 1 was offered v.
Hetman for' the Stakes, and 51 to 1 for the Cup. There
were takeis at 3 to 1 that either Platoff or Lanercost win the
latter event ; and we saw no one disposed to adventure 3 to 1
against Charles the Twelfth, 50 to 20 was the extreme of the
market. Romulus, owing to the London quotations, and
also Bloomsbury; were both sans friends, the one at N to 5,
offered repeatedly, the latter at 100 to 5, which price was of-
fered against the • Dey of Algiers, about whom there was a
good deal of chat, but no business. Some cross bets were
certainly proposed, but did not take 'effect. A desire was
shown in a good quarter to back Mr. Ridsdale's Tag-rag ;
and, after a good deal of sparring, a few hundreds were " put
on"

t2sto 1. Drayto►i's price, for the St. Leger, may be
considered 100 to 6 (freely off). Gibraltar was proposed
against at 12 to 1. The Shah was backed at 300 to 6.
Nothing was done on Crucifix or Launcelot, we think. 3to
1 would have been laid against either; certainly it was
offered at noon, bar one. 25 to I was offered against Dr.
Caius: Galen would have been backed, if the fieldsmen
would have " come out."

THE GLOUCESTERSHIRE STAKES.
There were offers to take 2 to 1 on the Dean. 4to 1
offered, bar one.
TATTERSALL'S.—MONDAY.

Some important alterations will be found in the events now
in the market for 1840. The Goodwood Cup, if we may
judge from the betting, is reduced to a match between
Charles the Twelfth and Hetman Platoff, Lanercost having
declined to 8 to 1, with the loss of nearly all his friends ;
Bloomsbury to 14 to 1, in consequence of a statement that
he had met with an accident on his road to Goodwood ; and
Romulus to 10 and 11 to 1, taken two or three times ; it
must be added, however, that 18 and 25 to 1 were laid against
him after the room closed. The Goodwood Stakes betting
was fiat, and remarkable only for an improvement in Orelia.
For the St. Leger, Launcelot and Crucifix were at 7 to 2 each,
or takers of 4 to 1; 10 to I laid once against Gibraltar, and
only 15 to 1 against Galen, who was in immense favour. The
betting, which on the whole was languid, closed as follows :

GOODWOOD CUP.
"5 to 2 against; Mr. Johnson's Charles Xll.—t.
Bto 1 „ . Mr. Bowes's lietman Platoff.—t.
Bto 1 ~ Mr. Ramsay's Lanercost.
11 to I ~ Duke of Orleans's Romulus.-25 to 1 laid
afterwards.
13 to 1 „ Fulwar Craven's Deception.-12 to 1 t
to £5O.
14 to 1 „ • Mr. Ridsdale's Bloomsbury.
300 (laid twice) between Bloomsbury and Deception (t);
300 between Deception and RoMains (t),• 1000 to 10 against
Charles XII. winning this and Maroon the St. Leger.

GOODWOOD STAKES

8 to 1 against Mr. Allen's Orelia.—t
10 to 1 ~ Mr. Bowes's Hetman Platoff
10 to 1 „ Hon. S. Herbert's Clarion.
20 to 1 „ Lord Eglinton's The Potentate
25 to 1 „ Mr. Shelly's The Drama.—t.
30 to 1 „ Mr. Dixon's Hyllus.—t.
Conservator was declared not to run at Goodwood
THE ST. LEGER.
7 to 2 against Lord G. Bentinck's Crucifix
7to 2 „ Lord Westminster's Launcelot
10 to 1 „ Gen. Yates's Gibraltar.—t.
15 to 1 „ Mr. Jacque's Galcn.—t.
25 to 1 „ Lord Eglinton's Dr. Caius.—t.
40 to 1 „ Lord Westminster's Maroon.—t
1000 to 10 ~ Mr. Bowes's Morgan Rattler.—t
It was stated that both Galen and the Young-un are added
to Lord Eglintcn's lot'.

-t 4 to 1.
4 to 1 t

THE DERBY, 1841

30 to 1 against Mr. Wilson's Yorkshire Lass.—t to £lOO,

POSTAGE RETURNS

Returns showing the effect of the late reductions in the
rates of postage have just been printed by order of the House
of Commons. The steady progressive increase in the nuinber.
of letters is highly satisfactory, especially under the present
universally dull and depressed state of trade. Even with the
abort and limited experience of the working of the penny
postage, we may augur that the phenomena of the numbers
of letters standing still or retrograding, with an increasing
population and increasing trade, are passed away.
One return shows the numberof chargeable letters passing
through the general postoffice in London since the first re-
duction was made, and those for the corresponding period of
1839. '['he results stand thus
1830

1840.
FOUR WEEKS ENDING I FOUR WEEKS ENDING

Total No. of Letters. Total No. of Letters.
sth Jan 1,500,916 4th Jan. 2,102,281
2d Feb. . 1,543,375 Ist Feb 3,004,266
2d March 1,557,800 29th Feb. 3,338,074
30th March 1,604,356 28th March 3,372,667
27th April
25th May - ..... 3,461,278
22d June 1,619,020 20th June 3,665,193
The second return relates to the London district post. It
appears that in the first four weeks after the reduction from
2d. and 3d. to ld. 1,332,555 letters passed through the post.
In the four weeks ending June 20, these numbers had in-
creased to 1,702,344, or above 30 per cent. Before any
change whatever, the average weekly number of letters was
254,225. The weekly average at the present time is 423,086.
So that the metropolitan local letters have increased upwards
of 66 per cent. .
. .

The third return shows the progress of the weekly numbers
for the whole of the kingdom in monthly intervals :
Week ending Number of Letters.
24th Nov., 1839 (before any change) 1,585,973
22d December, 1839 (4d. rate)
23d February, 1840 (Id. rate)
22d March, 1840
26th April, 1840
22d May, 1840
21st June, 1840 3,221,206

The week ending 26th April being Easter week, and con-
sequently a universal holiday week, accounts for the slight
falling off in that week. Excepting this week, and the first
week after the reduction to id., it will be seen that the num-
bers have been increasing for the last three months.--
Morning Chronicle.
