THE ROYAL MARRIAGE.

(From the Morning Herald.)
It is said that her Majesty has caused the whole of her
Privy Council to be summoned to attend her on Saturday
next, and that she will then announce to them her intended
marriage with Prince Albert of Saxe Coburg.
Her Majesty's Privy Council consists of upwards of 200,
and is composed of nobles, statesmen, judges, civilians, &c.,
and although it may appear strange that a young lady should
announce to some 200 gentlemen at once that she is going
forthwith to enter into the holy•state of matrimony, yet it
will be found that if she does so her Majesty is following as
near as may be the precedent of the reign of King George
the Third.

In the year 1761 there was much speculation as to who
King George the Third would marry, some saying that he
would marry a foreign princess, others asserting that he
would espouse one of his own subjects, and controversial
pamphlets were published, arguing the advantages and dis-
advantages of each. However, on the Bth of July, 1761, all
doubts were put an end to by his Majesty calling the whole
of his Privy Council together, and making the communica-
tion to them, which was published by the royal authority
in-a London Gazette extraordinary on the same day. The
following is an extract from the London Gazette:—
" At the Court at St. James's, the Bth day of July, 1761;—
Present—the King's Most Excellent Majesty ; his
Royal Highness the Duke of York, Archbishop of Canterbury,
Lord Chancellor, Lord President, Lord Privy Seal, Lord
Chamberlain, Duke of Bolton, Duke of Leeds, Duke of
Bedford, Duke of Rutland, Duke of Queensberry, Lord
Great Chamberlain, Duke of Newcastle, Lord Steward, Earl
of. Huntington, Earl of Winchelsea, Earl of Sandwich, Earl
of Shaftsbury, Earl of Holdernesse, Earl of Rochford, Earl
of Albemarle, Earl of Godolphin, Earl of Cholmondeley,
Earl of Kinnoul, Earl of Bute, Earl of Buckinghamshire,
Earl Powis, Earl Harcourt, Earl Cornwallis, Earl of Hard-
wick, Earl of Egmont, Earl of Thomond, Viscount Falmouth,
Viscount Barrington, Viscount Bateman, Viscount Ligonier,
Viscount Royston, Lord Berkeley, of Stratton, Lord Sandys,
Lord Anson, Lord Lyttleton, Lord Melcombe, Lord
Grantham, Mr. Vice-Chamberlain, Henry Legge, Esq.,
George Grenville, Esq., James Grenville, Esq., Mr.
Secretary Pitt, Lord Chief Justice Wiles Master of the
Rolls, Henry Fox, Esq., Charles Townshend,i Esq., Robert
Nugent, Esq., Welbore Ellis, Esq., Sir Francis Dashwood.
" His Majesty being this day present in council was pleased
to make the following declarations, viz.:—
" Having nothing so much at heart as to procure the wel-
fare and happiness of my people, and to render the same
stable and permanent to posterity, I have, ever since my ac-
cession to the throne, turned my thoughts towards the choice
of a princess for my consort, and I now, with great satisfac-
tion, acquaint you. that, after the fullest information and
mature deliberation, I am come to a resolution to demand in
marriage the Princess Charlotte of Mecklenburg Strelitz, a
princess distinguished by every eminent virtue and amiable
endowment ; whose illustrious line has constantly shown the
firmest zeal for the Protestant religion, and a particular at-
tachment to my family. I have judged proper to communi-
cate to you these my intentions, in order that you may be
fully apprised of a matter so highly important to me and to
my kingdoms, and which I persuade myself will be most ac-
ceptable to all my loving subjects.
Whereupon all the Privy Councillors present made it
their request to his Majesty, that this his Majesty's most
gracious declaration to them might be made public, which
his Majesty was pleased to order accordingly.'
This occurred on the Bth of July, and the Earl of Harcourt
being deputed by his Majesty to ask the hand of the princess
(afterwards Queen Charlotte), his lordship on the Bth of
August left England for that purpose, and arrived on the
15th at Strelitz. On the next day he disclosed the object of
his mission, and it would seem that

Happy, happy is the wooing
That is not very long a doing;"
for by the 17th of the same month the princess had not only
accepted his Majesty's proposals, but was actually on her
way to England. She landed at Harwich on the 6th of Sep-
tember, in the night, after a very tedious passage, having
been three times in sight of the English coast and as often
driven (di' by adverse winds. On the 7th of September the
Princess slept at Lord Abercorn's, at Witham, and on the
Bth arrived in London, and after dining at St. James's
Palace with his Majesty King George 111., the marriage
ceremony was performed by the Archbisop of Canter-
bury in the Chapel Royal at St. James's, in the presence of
the royal family and a great number of the nobility.
The marriage ceremony on that occasion was that con-
tained in the Book of Common Prayer, a part of which
seems to be not applicable to the marriage of a reigning
Queen whose husband will be her subject, as it would ap-
pear to be rather anomalous that a lady should vow at the
altar to obey one who by the very act of their marriage be-
comes under her government as one of her subjects. As a
foreigner Prince Albert owes no allegiance to the Queen, bu
as the husband of a Queen Regnant he is one of her subjectst

QUEEN ELIZABETH'S SENTIMENTS ON THE
SUBJECT OF MARRIAGE,
AS DELIVERED TO HER FIRST PARLIAMENT.

The historian having stated that " the education of Eliza-
beth, as well as her interest, led her to favour the reforma-
tion ; and that she remained not long in suspense with regard
to the party which she should embrace," describes the pro-
ceedings of her first parilament, concluding with a subject
which interested the nation, in the passage we here subjoin.
"The House (of Commons) in no instance departed from the
most respectful deference and complaisance towards the
Queen. Even the importunate address which they made her
on the conclusion of the session, to fix her choice of a hus-
band, could not, they supposed, be very disagreeable to one
of her sex and age. The address was couched in the most
respectful expressions ; yet met with a refusal from the Queen.
She told the speaker that, as the application from the house
was conceived in general terms, only recommending marriage,
without pretending to direct her choice of a husband, she
could not take offence at the address, or regard it otherwise
than as a new instance of their affectionate attachment to her;
that any further interposition on their part would have ill
become either them to make as subjects, or her to bear as an
independent princess : that evenwhile she was a private per-
son, and exposed to much danger, she had always declined
that engagement, which she regarded as an incumbrance ;
much more at present, would she persevere in this sentiment,
when the charge of a great kingdom was committed to her,
and her life ought to be entirely devoted to promoting the in-
terests of religion and the happiness of her subjects; that as
England was her husband, wedded to her by this pledge (and
here she showed her finger with the same gold ring upon It
with which she had solemnly betrothed herself to the kingdom
at her inauguration), so all Englishmen were her children;
and while she was employed in rearing or governing such a
family, she could not deem herself barren, or her life useless
and unprofitable ; that if she ever entertained thoughts of
changing her condition, the care of her subjects' welfare would
still be uppermost in her thoughts ; but should she live and
die a virgin, she doubted not but Divine Providence, second-
ed by their counsels and own measures, would be able to pre-
vent all dispute with regard to the succession, and secure
them a sovereign, who perhaps better than her own issue,
would imitate her example in loving and cherishing her peo-
ple ; and that, forher part, she desired no higher character or
fairer remembrancer of her should be transmitted to posteri-
ty, than to have this inscription engraved on her tombstone,
when she should pay the last debt to nature Here lies
Elizabeth, who lived and died a maiden Queen.'—Hume's
History of England.

.NCORPORATED SOCIETY FOR BUILDING, &c

CHURCHES AND CHAPELS

On Wednesday the meetings of this distinguished and most
useful society were resumed for this session; there were
present the Lord Bishop of London, in the chair, the most
Reverend Archdeacon Cambridge (of Middlesex,) Rev. Drs.
D'Oyley and Spry, H. W. Norris, Benjamin Harrison,
Joshua Watson, H. J. Barchand, J. Cocks, N. Connop,
Jun., Arthur Powell, and W. Cotton, Esqrs.
After a great deal of other business had been transacted,
the following grants were voted :--Towards building a chapel
at Porthleven, parish of Lithnuy, Cornwall ; building a
church at Ardsley, parish of Darlield, Yorkshire • building a
church at Marshwood, Dorset ; re-building the chapel of
Wynford Eagle, Dorset ; building a chapel at Dolfer-Kerry,
Montgomeryshire; building a chapel of ease at Holbeach
Fen, Lincolnshire; building a chapel of ease in the parish of
the Holy Trinity, Coventry ; building a chapel at Cornish
Hall End, parish of Finchinglield, Essex ; building a new
church at Tipton, parish of St. Mary's Ottery, Derbyshire ;
re-building the chapel of Yeaveley, parish of Shirley, Derby-
shire ; enlarging, by re-building, the church of St. Cuthbert's
Barton, parish of Stanwick, Yorkshire ; increasing accom-
modation in the church at Barton, Bedfordshire ; increasing
accommodation in the church of Kimbolton, Hereford ;
building a chapel at Peckforton, Chester ; increasing the
accommodation in the church of Wem, Salop ; enlarging the
church at Messing, Essex ; increasing the accommodation
in the church at Bray, Berkshire ; increasing the accommoda-
tion in the church of Backford, Chester ; rebuilding the
church at Landysilio, Pembrokeshire; building a chapel at
Camburne, Cornwall; building a church at Leekhampton,
Gloucestershire; for the purpose of a Dissenting meeting
house to be converted into a chapel of ease, at Ness Mayo,
parish of Revelstoke, Devonshire.
The business was closed by the statement of the society's
operations, since the the 31st of March, 1839, viz.:—Appli-
cations received for building, repairing &c., churches and
chapels, 112 ; number of grants, 93 ; number of additional
sittings, 29,964 ; free sittings. 21,741; amount of money
granted, £14,730.

The society has pledged itself to £12,000 beyond its pre-
sent means, in anticipation of the collections to be made
under the authority of the Queen's letter.

LANCASTER AND PRESTON RAILWAY.—The operations
on the whole of this line are proceeding with great spirit and
activity. The principal structures at both termini are corn-
pleted, and on Messrs. Mullins and M`Malion's contract the
undertaking is in a great state of forwardness. The opera-
tions of the last-named contractors, have been conducted in
a manner eminently worthy the reputation they have hitherto
gained in this neighbourhood. Indeed, throughout the entire
line, the most praiseworthy pains have been manifested, re-
gardless of cost, to rival the excellence of the engineering
works on the North Union Railway. —Preston Chronicle.

4
-I,A\TIrdOOI'IIMAT IVE)firOTSTANT
ASSOCIATION.

The annual meeting of the members and friends of the
Liverpool Operative Protestant Association, was held on
Friday evening in the Music-hall, Bold-street. The spacious
edifice was crowded to excess, showing that public interest
on the important objects of this and similar associations is
increasing rather than abating. Amongst the gentlemen on
the platform, were the Rev. Hugh liti`Neile' the Rev. B.
M
Marshall, the Rev. A. 'Conkey, the Rev. W. Maynard,
the Rev. J. R. Connor, the Rev. Mr. M`Kenzie, of Wigan,
and a large body of the patrons and officers of the society.
The Rev. Hugh M`Neile took the chair.
The CITAIIIMAN said he never felt so strongly as he did
this evening, the responsibility of the position in which they
had placed him as president at the formation of their Pro-
testant association. Their proceedings had assumed an impor-
tance, and were exercising an influence, in this great town, far
beyond what he could possibly have anticipated within so
short a period. Proportioned to their influence should be
their wisdom—their genuine, zealous, watchful, practical wis-
dom ; and it was one of their high and sustaining privileges
to recollect it was written in the holy scriptures, that "if
any man lack wisdom, he should ask of God, who gives to
all men cheerfully and upbraideth not, and it shall be given
to him." In humble dependence upon this promise, they
should now proceed to ask the divine blessing upon this and
all their undertakings.
The Rev. Mr. MARSHALL offered an appropriate prayer.
The CHAIRMAN then addressed the meeting to the follow-
ing effect :—Before I call upon the secretary to read the re-
port, I wish to make a few observations, but I shall not detain
you very long. It is one painful necessity connected with
the Christian Church in this world, that we should be en-
gaged in contention :
" Till Jesus comes, our conflicts cannot cease, '
Our joys are joys of conquest, not of peace."
(Cheers.) The Christian Church is compared to the salt of
the earth, that must go on exercising its counteracting influ-
ence, counteracting the corruptions of the world. It is com-
pared to the light of the world, and it must go on dispelling
to the utmost of its powers, the darkness that surrounds us.
(Cheers.) In carrying out the duties involved in these figures
of our Lord, the salt and the light, it is absolutely indispen-
sable—it is, I should rather say, inevitable—that we should
be found men of contention. It is often said that the clergy
should be. men of peace, but where and by whom is this said ?
It is nowhere said in the Bible. In the Bible we are called
ambassadors for Christ, to fulfil the ministry which he com-
menced, and what account does he give of his own ministry ?
" Think you," he says, " that I came to send peace upon
earth ? I tell you nay, but rather a sword." This is remark-
ble. A sword belongs to the ministry of the Christian Church
---not a sword of steel, but the sword of truth, which coming
in contact with the abscess of mases_en...ity to God, causes a
gush of sensible corruption ; and so it comes to pass that the
fine edge of God's truth becomes an occasion of contention
in a world which lies under the dominion of the devil—(hear).
So entirely true is this, that no man who does not cause some
commotion can be a faithful ambassador for Christ. He does
not carry out the sword, whereas our Lord said he came to
send a sword ; and the man who manages his life, and the mi-
nister who manages his ministry, so as to have no contention
in a world like this, just manages so as to be unfaithful to
our Lord Jesus Christ. (Cheers.) It is true that we have a
peace—such a peace as the world cannot give ; " my peace,"
said our Lord Jesus Christ, " 1 give unto you;' we have
indeed a peace that passeth all understanding in the enjoy-
ment of God within : but, I repeat, our ministry is not peace,
because our ministry is truth, and truth provokes. "Am I
become your enemy," exclaims the apostle, " because I tell
you the truth ?" (Cheers.) Now in the contention in which
we are engaged, there is not only the general opposition de-
rived from man's enmity, but there is the special opposition
derived from the organization of that enmity ; and the grand
organization of it, the grand heading forth of man's enmity
against Christ in an organized plan and strong phalanx is
anti-Christianity. (Hear.) This sets up in opposition to
Christianity, and yet in such a way that it seems to be mag-
nifying Christ, for while it is anti-Christian at heart, it is
MYSTERY upon the forehead. (Cheers.) Upon the forehead
is mystery that needs unravelling—that needs to have the
mask torn off to see its real character. (Cheers.) It pre-
tends to exalt the Saviour, while it really degrades him; it is
the grand master-piece of the devil ; it is the system of the
Papacy—(loud cheers). Now as Christ is the • beloved of
God, and the lover and Saviour of men, this anti-Christian
system is not only opposed to God's truth, but it is also op-
posed to man's happiness. (Cheers.) It is not only a false
religion ruining the souls of men in eternity, but it is also a
temporal tyranny enslaving the bodies of men in time—
(hear). We oppose it on both grounds—both as it is a false
religion, and as it is a temporal tyranny ; as it is opposed to
man's happiness hereafter, and to man's liberties here.
(Hear, hear.) I was greatly struck with a passage that oc-
curs in a letter from the celebrated Baxter to Oliver Crom-
well. He says—" Sir, these papers presume to tender you
their service, because the subject of them is such as it most
nearly concerns both us and you that you should be well ac-
quainted with. The Roman canons which batter the unity,
catholicism, and purity of the church of Christ, are mounted
on the frame which I have here demolished. The swords,
and pens, and tongues against which you are now engaged,
and which you must expect from henceforth to assault you,
are whetted and managed by the senseless, tyrannical, un-
godly principles, which I have here detected. Unreasonable
as they appear to the unprejudiced, they are such as have
animated the studies and diligent endeavours of thousands,
wherewith to captivate the princes and nations of the earth
to the Roman yoke. Vain as they appear to us, who see
them naked, they are such as have divided and distressed the
churches of Christ, and troubled and dethroned princes, and
laid them at the feet of the Roman pope •, they have absolved
subjects from their oaths and other obligations to fidelity,
and they have involved many a nation in blood. Oh ! the
streams of saints which have been shed by those Roman prin-
ciples in Savoy, Fiance, Bohemia, Poland, Germany, Ire-
land, and many other lands ! Easy is the war which I here
manage ; it is against those adverse principles -which have
armed thousands and millions against innocent or against
their lawful sovereigns, whom God had bound them to obey.
They have fastened knives in the breasts of the greatest
kings, as the lamentable case of Henry 111. and IV. of
France doth testify ; they have, in a few days' time, in Pa-
ris, and the adjoining parts of France, perfidiously butchered
nobles and other persons of eminence, and people of all sorts,
to the number of nearly thirty thousand, as Thuanus reck-
ons them, if not forty thousand according to Davila.
The doctrines which I here confound have invaded Eng-
land by a Spanish armada—(whether by the pope's con-
sent' and on recount of religion, I have hereafter shewed
out of their own writers) ; they have prepared knives and
poison for our princes whic God did frustrate ; they have
laid gunpowder to blow up king and parliament, and hel-
lishly execute the fury of the deluded zealots in a moment,
and then sought to have charged the puritans with the fact.
They have in a time of peace, by a sudden insurrection, mur-
dered so many thousands in Ireland in a few days or weeks
as posterity will scarcely believe. They are dreadful practi-
cals, and not merely speculations, against which we dispute."
I am reading to you the language of a famous difsenting mi-
nister, addressed to Oliver Cromwell when he was protector.
Talking about Popish principles, he says, " they are dreadful
practicals ;" and 1 would have you notice these wise princi-
ples of Baxter. He proceeds—l beseech you, therefore, that
you receive not this as you would do a scholastic or philoso-
phical disputation about such things as seem not to concern
you, but as you would interest yourself in a disputation upon
the question—Whether you should be deposed and murdered
as an heretic? and whether we should be tormented and
burnt as heretics? and whether the lives of all the princes
and people upon earth whom the pope judges heretics should
be at his mercy, &c., so do in this cause. I speak not this
to provoke you to deal bloodily with them as they do with
the servants of the Lord ! I abhor the thoughts of imitating
their cruelty. ! It is only the necessary defence of your life
and dignity, and the lives of all the protestants who are
under your protection and government, and the souls of
men, that I desire. On what terms we stand with those
men whose religion teaches them to kill us if they can,
and to venture their lives for it is easy to understand.
When we have no security from them for our lives but
their disability to destroy us, we must disable them or die."
The distinction Baxter makes is valuable. We abhor the
thought of exercising cruelty upon them, but we abhor the
thought of standing by till they exercise crtelty upon its.—
(Cheers.) If their system was like ours, which would exer-
cise cruelty upon no man, then both might live quietly; but
because it is a system hat will not live except it be para-
mount, and will notlet live except every thing else be under-
most (hear) ; and since, in the good providence of the Al-
mighty, England is yet paramount in this matter, we want
to keep her so. (Immense cheering.) This is a serious ar-
gument, and I wish I could set it briefly before you, for your
grave consideration. We assert that the Roman system is
dangerous too, and unless restricted by wise and protective
laws, will be subversive of the liberties of England, both civil
and religious. We appeal, for proof of this, to theinnehang:
ed and unchangeable laws of that system, which affirm that
all the power of Christ, the Lord of Lords and King of
Kings, is imparted to the Pope, as his vicegerent—that in
the Pope is the top of both powers, spiritual and temporal.
(Hear, hear.) Both swords are his ; and it is of necessity
to salvation for every creature to be a subject of the Roman
pontiff'. We appeal to the language addressed to the Pope
by the best writers upon the system, wherein they call him
" King of Kings—Monarch of earth—all power is given thee
above all powers—above both heaven and earth"—and such
like. • (Hear, hear.) We appeal also to the language which
the Pope himself uses. I will read a passage from the pream-
ble of the famous bull that deposed Queen Elizabeth :—" He
that reigneth on high, to whom is given all power in heaven
and earth, bath committed the one holy catholic and apostolic
church, out of which there is no salvation, to one alone on
earth, namely, to Peter, Prince of the Apostles, and to
the Roman Pontiff, successor to Peter, to be governed
with a plentitude of power : this one he bath constituted
prince over all nations, and all kingdoms, that ke might
pluck up, destroy, dissipate, ruinate, plant, and build."
In answer to this it is alleged that the supremacy of the Pope
is merely spiritual—that it refers only to matters of faith and
ecclesiastical discipline—and that it has no connection what-
ever with the affairs of this present world. This answer goes
upon the delusion that religion has no connection with Doh-
„tuts here we detect the secret source of the unnatural
coalition between the Papists and the Voluntaries. (near,
hear.) In showing you, then, that religion is inseparable
from politics, I shall be answering them both, and at the
same time encouraging you to persevere, to maintain, and
defend, by all lawful means, the religion and liberty of this
land, based, as they are, upon the national establishment of
Christ's holy church. (Hear, hear) 1 say this, and submit
it for examination by every candid man, that religion and
politics are as inseparably connected with this world as are
the soul and body in a living man. (Hear.) Man, as a rea-
sonable creature and a free agent, is under a moral govern-
ment—that is, a government which acts not by force, pro-
perly so called, but by motives. The will is influenced to
refuse or to choose, and actions follow as the legitimate re
suit. Motives, then, bear the relation to actions which cause
bears to effect. Motives are causes; actions are their effects.
Is it possible to separate cause and effect? Certainly not;
for if effects do not follow causes, they are no longer causes ;
and if causes be causes, then they do cause effects to follow.
This is clear. An autumnal storm is a cause; the scattering
of the sear and yellow leaves of the forest is an effect. The
voracity of the vulture is a cause, and his gorging upon the
carcase is an effect. The fierceness of a hungry tiger is a
cause, and his springing upon his prey is an effect. Gravi-
tation is a cause, and the orbit of the planets is an effect.
Now, as it is in the natural world, so is it in the world of
morals. Motives are causes, the movements of the mind
within are causes, and actions of the body are effects. In-
furiated jealousy is a cause ; murder an effect. Pride and
envy are causes ; mischief and strife effects. Covetousness
is a cause; theft, forgery, and their kindred crimes, effects.
Supernatural terror is a cause ; superstitious slavery is an
effect. (Great cheering.) Now, if it be true, as undoubt-
edly it is, that he who commands the storm is thereby mas-
ter of the leaves of the forest, and that he who commands
the law or principle of gravitation is thereby master of the
planet's orbit, it is equally undeniable that he who commands
the mind is thereby master of the body, that he who corn-
mands the motive is thereby master of the actions. He who
can excite jealousy can lead to murder ; he that can stimulate
to pride and envy can produce strife and mischief ; he that
can excite covetousness can lead to forgery and fraud ; he
who can excite supernatural terror can degrade to supersti-
tious slavery ; he who can absolve the mind from allegiance
can stir up the body to rebellion. (Cheers.) See, then:
a man's religion rests in his mind and motives; a man's poli-
tics as regards this world in his body and actions. NV hat,
then, is spiritual supremacy ? Supremacy over mind ; su-
premacy over motive ; supremacy over cause ; and who shall
separate it from supremacy over effects? (Loud cheers.)
Well does the great usurper of Christendom know this ; (hear,
hear,) and, therefore, he puts his claim only to spiritual su-
premacy. (Cheers.) He only wants to command the cause;
he has nothing to say to the effect. Religion has nothing to
say to politics—not at all ; the storm has nothing to say to j

3,

--"°"

the scattering of theleasses! Oh, give him spiritual supre-
macy, and he will take care of all the rest ! (Hear, hear.)
Give the Pope the spiritual power he claims—that is what all
our statesmen are saying; why that is all he wants. (Hear,
hear.) Let him have free course in exciting supernatural
terror over the consciences of ignorant people in the confes-
sional, and then see the effect. A superstitious degraded slavery
in the same people at the registries, at the polling booth—aye,
and in the senate-house. (Cheers.) Only let the Pope have
spiritual supremacy over the conscience of Mr. O'Connell,
(hear) and he thereby has actual supremacy over the politics
Mr. O'Connell. (Cheers.) Only let the Pope have spritual
supremacy, in England, and although it sounds more plausi-
ble, and temporal rulers are not so alarmed about it because
it is only spiritual; but even suppose the, Pope claimed no
more—l am prepared to shew that when he says he claims
spiritual power only, it is a lie—that he claims actual poWer ;
but suppose he claims only spiritual power in England, and
Englishmen are slaves. (Cheers.) This argument, you per.
ceive, is of a grave character, calculated to meet at once the
apology of the Papist, and the gloss of the voluntary. As
such I have briefly stated it for your acceptance this evening,
and having done so, and put our movement upon the right
foundation, I will sit down, calling upon the secretary to read
the report. (Loud applause.)
The rev. chairman, before he sat down, read a letter from
Mr. M`Ghee, who expressed his regret at not being able to
comply with the invitation of the committee, in consequence
of the exhaustion induced by attending two meetings within
the last few days, and the necessity he was under of return-
ing to his church in Ireland. The letter then proceeded :
" But I beg you will assure them that my heart is with
them, and that 1 feel assured that it is in the union and cor-
dial co-operation of all the humbler classes of society, in the
faithful maintenance of true religion, that the best security of
the British empire is; under the Divine blessing, to be hoped
for; and while traitors and demagogues, and Popish priests,
endeavour to flatter and deceive the people, that they may
make tools and slaves of them, by pretending to set them up
as the source of all power,' the best resistance to be offered
to their schemes of tyranny and treason, is in the association
of the people themselves for the maintenance of the Protes-
tant church, and, under the auspices of their faithful shep-
herds, to let those traitors know and see that the people are
well assured that the only true source of all legitimate power,
the ouly true source of all faithful subjection, the only true
standard of righteous authority in rulers, and loyal obedience
in the people, is the word of that eternal God, in whose
hands all earthly power doth consist—the King of kings, and
Lord of lords. In this is the true strength and blessing of a
nation ; and I trust the operatives of Liverpool will follow
out the principles of that holy cause they endeavour to
maintain, and furnish an example worthy of honest emula-
tion to all the operatives of England.—Believe me, my
dear friend, yours faithfully, " R. J. 111`GnEa."
The Secretary then read the following
REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE:
It has been oftensaid that the English people are unwilling
to move until they have beetrfurniehed with good substantial
reasons, but that when once roused, the weight of their indig-
nation makes ample amends for the length of the delay.
Whether or not this truly describes the general' character of
the men of England, your committee do not pretend to
say, but it is their settled conviction that such has been their
bearing towards the grand question of whose developement
the united kingdom is now the theatre—" Whether Popery
has changed so as to agree with the constitution of England,
or whether England's constitution is to be changed so as to
agree with the principles and policy of the Court of Rome."
After the French Revolution, when the infidel tyranny of
Napoleon, the reaction of Popish superstition and slavery,
had forced the Roman Catholic Priests to fiy the country,
England, with more generosity than judgment, freely offered
them an asylum, and in the fulness of her unsuspecting hos-
pitality, notwithstanding the present enmity of France, (for
the two nations were then at war,) notwahstanding the bur-
densome load of war-taxes, and the increasing national debt,
housed, clothed and supported, as gentlemen, 7000 French
Roman Catholic Priests. Upwards of 30 years have passed
since then, and our fathers have gone the way of all living.
Would to God experience enabled us their children to judge
otherwise than that in their benevolence to those Popish re-
fugees they were nursing an adder to use its poison against
their offspring. These true servants of him who speaketh
lies in hypocrisy, eagerly embraced the opportunity of insi-
diously instilling their tenets into the minds and families of
their benefactors, and covertly lodging the poisoned leaven of
their smooth deceits in every circle which the too generous
sympathy of. Protestant hearts had laid open to their Romish
treachery. Englishmen had been accustomed to view Popery
as a deadly foe, from whose soul-destroying doctrines, and
society-destroying practice, from whose dark supersti-
tions and iron tyranny, they had been delivered under
God's special providence by a noble army of martyred fore-
fathers ; and against whose hereditary malice they were bound
to struggle to the death with all the devoted loyalty of eman-
cipated freemen. But these smooth-tongued foreigners said,
not so. By their well-trained pencil, Popery (or, as they mis-
call it, the Catholic religion,) was pictured forth as maligned
and persecuted ; her own harsh tenets, if ever she had any,
it was insinuated were quite obsolete, and her superstitions
all forgotten ; to remember her past misconduct was censured
as unforgiving and uncharitable—to give implicit credence to
her present profession belauded as generous and becoming—
and to attempt searching deeper than the surface, branded as
bigotted and unchristian. These and such as these being
largely insinuated (and often but too well received) in influ-
ential circles, the Court of Rome began to move for an in-
crease of civil rights, at first humbly, cautiously, and covertly,
by tuesns of gentlemen of known Protestant principles and
unspotted integrity. The great body of the English people,
accustomed to have their own professions unhesitatingly relied
on, were unwilling to judge hardly oftheirneighbours, and while
they still retained their hereditary hatred of Popery as they knew
it once was, were inclined to hope that it really had improved
with the improvements of the age, and perhaps too confident in
their own power to stopwhen theypleased, were willing to con-
cede as much as possible to Roman Catholics now, by way
of giving Popery a TRIAL. Some, indeed, were found from
the commencement to protest against this feeling ; some who
knew Popery better than to believe her own character of her-
self, when there was any thing to be gained by speaking lies;
who had examined the threads of the system closely enough
to know that no sincere Romanist is his own master, and
that consequently any concessions to Romanists, as such,
were concessions to the court of Rome ; and who knew that
court well enough to be assured that it never will, and never
can, rest until all acknowledge the Pope to be, what he
claims to be, Christ's vicar upon earth, supreme above all
terrestrial things, with all the kings and rulers of the earth
bowing in abject submission before his antichristian throne.
Some were found to put these forward, but their opposition
was overborne, and their voices drowned in the general cry
of give her a trial. Well, then, we have given her a trial,
and what is the result? Is Popery changed, or she not? For
the last twenty years Popery has been on her trial before the
world. The English people are her jury, and the English
senate her judge. The witnesses have been called, and the
evidence gone through at large. The case is now drawing to
a close. And the Protestant reaction which we see all over
kingdom—the reviving spirit of our Protestant forefathers;
which wefeel running like a strong under-current, and every
here and there shewing its. strength upon the surface ; the
tone of bold, uncompromising protest, which we hear re-
echoed from every hill, and swelled into greater strength and
fulness as it goes by the acclaim that greets it from every
valley that it crosses, is now rolling in befere as the jury's
verdict, that POI'ERY IS GUILTY ; and the no-Popery cry,
that fills every post-horn in the kingdom, and swells every
breeze that sweeps over it, is no encertaimt-prelude to the
judge's sentence upon the criminal—TaesssroaTaTlON‘FOß.
LIFE. England has, indeed, been tardy in her verdict ; but
she likes not hasty steps, and she was weighing the evidence
with care. She has been slow, -in her movement ; but she
remembers the old proverb, " better well than 'soon." She
has waited until the tone of suppliant prayer, which the ad-
vocates of Popery at first assumed, has been exchanged for
the unblushing assertion of a rightful claim, and this often
laid by to make room for the haughty menace Or the imperi-
ous command. She has waited to see the bulwarks of her
constitution one by one conceded to, or seized by, the liege
subjects of the Italian bishop; to see Papist judges upon
her bench, to administer Protestant justice—Papist members
in her senate, to maintain Protestant legislation—Papists in
the very privy council itself, to give responsible advice to our
inexperienced Protestant monarch. England has waited pa-
tiently to see the established church of Ireland not menaced,
but attacked and despoiled—ten of her bishops swept away,
and the whole body of the parochial clergy stripped of one-
fourth of their lawful incomes at a blow ; to see the Pro-
testant clergyman and the English Bible banished from the
national education of the Irish poor, and' placed, during an
appointed hour, on an equality of permission with Popish
priests and their popish doctrines ; to see an attempt made
to import the same system into England, and, in spite of its
failure, to see a special board appointed to manufacture such
a change in the national education as will prove palatable to
the father-confessor of Mr. Wyse. She has patiently listened
to Daniel O'Connell's agitations and his perjuries, his solemn
public pledge to repeal the union between Great Britain and
Ireland, and his last manifesto, which declares that, in order
to preserve the British throne, the Queen's troops must be
all sent out of Ireland ; that it moist be roused from the centre
all round to the sea, and organized in every parish ; and in the
face of this is astounded to hear proclaimed from the House of
Lords, and confirmed by the seizure of some treasonable papers
and conspirators, that the dreaded Ribbon conspiracydeesexitt,
exists organised in every parish—its object ascertained to be
the utter extinction of Protestants—so darkly secret, as to
have baffled' detection for years, notwithstanding its 'extent ;
and its. members so exclusively Papists, that no one, be he
ever so staunch a Papist, is admissible as a member who is
connected even by marriage with any Protestant, lest any
soft relentings of human nature might prevail on any to give
timely notice of the deadly blow, and thus, as before, the
object be defeated; the whole thing insensibly rivetting our
attention on the Feast of St. Bartholomew, when the sun set
on 40,000 unsuspecting Protestants, who were doomed never
to see its light again ! All this, and more than this, has
England seen : her education perverted—her Established
Church rifled—her constitution violated—her throne endan-
gered—and a million of the lives of her most loyal subjects
placed in imminent jeopardy. Now England says she has
seen enough : Popery is not changed, and, with God's bless-
ing, I ,rill havo none of it.
Shur committee eannetelieek et- the
place bet with feelings of sincere thankfulness to Him who
holdeth in His hand the hearts -of all, and seems now to be
turning the heart of this people to do what is right, and will
be to them an everlasting blessing.. True it is only a com-
mencement, but it is a cheering one. We trust it is as the
first big drops of a thunder-shower, Which indicate.the quick
descent of that which will purify the atmosphere, and cleanse
and refresh the earth. To promote and foster it within their
sphere, by diffusing sound historical and other information;
to organise and direct its efforts, by giving to its voice a
tongue which will speak in unison with the constitution ;
and, above all, to consolidate its effects, by endeavouring to
infuse a Scriptural, a Christian spirit into its very desires,
and to test by Scripture what may be doubtful. in its wishes,
aid to seek by prayer God's blessing upon what is right,
thus clearing away the rubbish to lay a firm foundation,—
these are some of the objects of the Liverpool Protestant
Operative Association—to attain these your committee have
been employing a two fold agency : Ist, by holding public
monthly meetings in different quarters of the town. At
these a clergyman has generally presided—the arguments and
facts brought forward have been invariably listened to with
kindnesi and attention by crowded audiences—at these they
also propose petitions—one numerously signed was presented
to the Town-council, deprecating their intended extension of
their present system of education ; another to the same effect
is now in course of signature. Petitions to both houses of
I parliament, praying for the repeal of the Roman Catholic
Emancipation Act, are ready for presentation, each having
nearly 5000 signatures. The association has also held some
special meetings, one of which was addressed by the Revds.
Edward Naugle and T. D. Gregg. The other principal
agency which your committee makes use of is that of their
tract distributors, from whose active and self-denying ex-
ertions we hope to see much solid fruit. Your association
numbers about 25 efficient tract distributors, each of whom
visits from 20 to 30 families every week, lending tracts,
many of which are upon time subject of Popery, and urging
upon them the necessity of attending places of public wor-
ship, and sending their children to Scriptural schools. In
connexion with thiS syStem of visiting and tract distribution,
your committee hope neat year to procure time establishment
of a small library, towards which subscriptions or donations
in either books or motley will be 'thankfully received by all
members of the committee. The committee would here re-
turn their thanks to the Church of England tract society for
two liberal grants of tracts, and no less cordially to the Pro-
testant Association for their kind assistance and advice, and
also for a liberal grant of tracts.
With regard to the results experienced by your association,
your committee do not wish to say much : they had rather
that the good effects of their exertions should be felt by
others than talked of by themselves. In the contest we
are waging your association has many friends before
it and many by its side. If it be God's will to crown

,4)

our joint efforts with success, and give us final victory,
we can, afford to give the honour to those who deserve
it better than ourselves. They will only say, that so far
they 'have met with encouragement beyond their most
hopeful anticipations, and enter upon the second year of
their_operations with their views much confirmed, and their
hopes and courage animated by the experience of a year.
Nor do they consider it the least encouragement that now,
when anxious to give weight to the association by procuring
six additional vice-patrons from the most influential clergy-
men of the town, they met not. with one refusal, but were
warmly received by all. To those, and to the other clergy-
men who have been kind enough to lend us their school-
rooms and preside at our meetings, we would respectfully
tender our most cordial thanks.
In conclusion, your committee would desire ever to bear
in their minds and hearts Him who does as He WILL in the
hosts of heaven and among the nations of the earth—without
whom nothing,, however well intended, or calmly weighed,
can be either strong, or wise, or holy, productive either of
present happiness or permanent good. Into His hands they
would commit their own and all similar associations, and all
other attempts to promote the knowledge and service of Him
—their hopes, their fears, their wishes and, designs they
'would register before him, humbly seeking upon them all
sanctification of the Holy Spirit, through the grace that is in
Christ Jesus ; and to His watchful care they now commend
these kingdoms and all they contain—the Queen, the senate,
and all classes of their fellovV-subjects, and especially their
beloved brethren, the Protestants of Ireland, whose past and
present services they do not forget, and in whose present
critical position they feel the most lively interest—these with
those who hate them—all our friends and all. our enemies we
beseech Thee to BLESS. That it may please Thee to have
mercy upon all men- —that it may please Thee to forgive our
enemies, persecutors, and slanderers, and turn their hearts,
we beseech Thee to hear us, good Lord.
. The Rev. Mr. MAKENZIE, of Wigan, moved the first re-
solution. He said it was the duty of all Christian individuals,
communities, churches, and nations to contend earnestly for
the faith of the gospel—the faith once delivered to the saints.
If it were lawful and commendable to struggle for its posses-
sion, preservation, maintenance, support, and extension, it
was equally right arid laudable to defend and protect it from
the invasion, inroads, and ravages of all its enemies, so that
the spiritual freedom and civil liberty which it secured, and
all the temporal mercies and eternal blessings with which it
was fraught, might be offered to, and enjoyed by, all who
received them. Kings should be its nursing fathers, and
'
queens its nursing mothers, and teach all their subjects to
"fear God, to honour their Sovereign, and to love the bro-
therhood," establishing the different ranks and orders of men,
and their relations to God and one another, as well as their
duties to the Lord, to themselves, and to their neighbours.
This was the faith which our forefathers believed, received,
and established, and by which they defeated the claims of the
Pope, silenced his oracles, wasted his temples, cast out his
power, and shattered to pieces the crown and mitre from his
impious head. It was then that ,Protestant England, like a
gia.e .rfter.o4, 0.(1 Avith wir f!, r 0 311 hog might nerd mnjegty,
snapping asunder the chain by which she had been so long
dragged as an enthralled, enslaved, and degraded captive at
the chariot wheel of Papal Rome, slaying the monster of civil
despotism andspiritual tyranny, and proclaiming with a loud
voice, "Babylon is fallen !, is fallen !" from the altar and the
throne, froin our palaees and our senate-houses, from our
universities and our schools, aye, and from our happy homes
and warm fire-sides. .(Hear.) He was anxious to exhibit to
them Protestantism mid Popery, the.one in its true light and
the other in its real darkness;
,the one with the sunshine of
eternal truth irradiating its countenance, and in its lustre
presenting thelleity to our view in all his holiness, righteous-
ness, goodness, amiableness, and loviness ; and revealing to
us the being, nature, essence, and unity of the Godhead, and
the subsistence of three divine persons the same in substance
and equal in power arid glory, sustaining and discharging
their respective offices in the economy of , grace and in the
scheme of human redemption ;—and the other with the clouds
and darkness of damnable errors and delusions and falsehood,
obscuring the splendour of the character and perfection of
Jehovah, and concealing from view the glories, excellencies,
and beauties of the only Redeemer and Saviour of mankind :
—the one declaring the Lord Jesus Christ the prophet,
priest, and King of the Church of the living God, the Crea-
tor, preserver, and supporter of all men, the righteous and
gracious governor and ruler of the universe ; and the other
denying these truths, ascribing these attributes to " the Man
of Sin, whom the Lord will consume with the breath of his
mouth, and destroy with the brightness of his coming," even
the Lord God the Pope of Rome ;—(cheers)—the one erecting
a kingdom consisting of righteousness, peace, and joy in the
Holy Ghost, producing philanthropy, patriotism, loyalty, and
piety; condescending to employ kings and queens as her nurs-
ing fathers and mothers, deigning to engage as her hand-
maids, science, literature, and philosophy ; and stooping to
ride in the chariot of state, and to sit upon the bench of our
civil jurisprudence, that all under her auspices and wings
" might live quiet and peaceable lives in all gladness and ho-
nesty;" rejoicing in being the patron, the friend, and pro-
moter of intellectual, moral, and religious improvement, the
minister and maintainer of national greatness and prosperity,
of social order and happiness, and of purity, chastity, peace,
joy, and comfort in the palace of the monarch, in the hall
of the peer, in the cottage of the peasant, and in the
cabin of the operative and the artizan ; exhorting us to
obey them that rule over us, and to be in subjection to them,
even down from the eternal king and sovereign, who sits upon
the throne of universal dominion and government, down to
lords spiritual and temporal, to spiritual instructors and civil
magistrates, to husbands and wives, parents and children,
masters and servants. (Cheers.) In one word, Popery was
the very reverse of all thiS a complete contrast to it ; for she
had no sanctuary of love, light, and liberty ; she had never
erected a kingdom of righteousness and peace, and joy in the
Holy Ghost. (Cheers.) Popery was no religion, and was not
Christianity ; the Church of Rome was not the bride of
the Lamb, and the Pope was not the vicar of Christ on
earth, but the offspring of the devil, the son of perdition,
and the representative and the governor-general of " the
prince of the power of the air, the spirit that worketh in the
children of disobedience." He was a civil despot and a spi-
ritual tyrant, professing to have Power in heaven and on
earth ; aye, and in the imaginary, fiery, and intermediate
regions of purgatory between heaven and earth, and in the
burning regions of hell beneath. He pretended to have the
keys of allthese.places, and arrogated to himself the right
of enthroning and dethroning kings and princes at his will ;
and of enacting and annulling laws at his pleasure, using the
civil power to oppress, torture, and kill the bodies of men,
and exercising his spiritual authority to intimidate and destroy
their immortal souls, by denouncing everlast ng anathemas
against them, and by punishing them with the infliction of
eternal death. (cheers.) He had thus drawn a parallel
between Romanism and Protestantism, contrasting them with
each other. He spoke as unto wise men ; let them judge
whether the one was worthy of all rejection, abhorrence, de-
testation; and the other of all acceptation, love, veneration,
attachment, and support, because it contained the faithful
saying, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sin-
ners, even the chief ; and also the promise of the life that
now is, and that which is to come. The one was the greatest
curse which could fall upon a nation ; and the other was the
richest blessing which of kingdom could possess. As the
poet had said, " Of all our earthly goods, a good wife is
the best,—if bad, the bitterest curse of human life ;" sup-
plying church for wife, let us say, " Of all our earthly
goods, a good church is the best—a bad the bitterest curse of
human life."- This bitterest curse of human life, our forefa-
thers experienced in this country, when the whore of Baby-
lon, the mother of abominations, the harlot of Rome, drunk
with the blood of saints, was wed to the state, to the civil con-
stitution of England ; but the magnanimous reformers, and
particularly the invincible heroes of 1688, divorced her, arid
united,.in the bonds of a national compact and marriage rela-
tion, the Protestant religion to the crown and government
of this 'realm. (Cheers.) 'He might venture to foretel that
they would reiterate the sentiments expressed in a paragraph
which he had already quoted on a public occasion, the author
of which was the late great Robert Hall, a dissenter and a
Baptist minister. " Christianity," says he, "is the pillar of
the state, the safeguard of nations, the parent of social order ;
and that which has a power to curb the fury of the passions,
and to give to every one their rights: to the laborious, the
reward of their industry; to the rich, the enjoyment of their
wealth ; to nobles, the preservation of their titles ; and to
princes, the stability of their thrones." How different the
opinions of some of the descendants of the illustrious non-
conformist, and their political voluntary coadjutors, in the
present day ! (Cheers.) The heavy artillery of infidelity
was playing against this pillar ; the thunderbolts of the Vati-
can were striking against it ; the battering-rams of political
voluntaryism were pushing against it ; and the earthquakes
of republicanism and revolution were trying to shake it ; bu
it remained, blessed be God, unshaken, unmoved, unsha
tered, and uninjured !
As some tall cliff, that lifts its awful form,
Swells from the vale, and midway leaves the storm;
Though round its breast the rolling clouds are spread,
Eternal sunshine settles on its head.

Having got this good principle, as ICr:i'ranklin would say, let
us go through with it as our brave and courageous ancestors
did, regardless of all opposition and dangers, even unto death,
until they had witnessed the glorious change, Popsh descen-
dancy, and Protestant ascendancy, in church and state. It
was the very germ of the reformation, that Popery should be
continually falling, and Protestantism perpetually rising;
(cheers) the one kept in its retrogressive movements, and the
other preserved in•its progressive advancements, purging out
the virus bf Romanisn in filth and manners, in doctrine and
practice, in disCipline and worship, in life and conversation,
leavening and fermenting the whole
,national mass with the
spirit and princiPles of the gospel, instructing, educating, ci-
vilizing, moralizing, and chris.tianizing the whole body of the
.people, so that the iiinOom might become one new lump.
This was the prinCiPle which actuated and roused the Royal
Heroine of Britain, and her patriotic and Protestant sub-
jects, when the Spanish " invincible" Armada made its ap-
proaches to our shores. The sovereign and the people went
forth to meet the" foe, saying, "The-eternal God is our re-

V he is
fuge, •and underneath us- are his everlasting arms :
the shield of our help, and the sword of our excellency :"
singing,—

God moves in a mysterious way,
His wonders to perform •
He plants his footsteps in ihe sea,
_4 upon th o ctr)rro.
Ye fearful saints fresh 'Courage take,
The clond ye so much dread,
IS big with mercy, and shall break,
With'blessings on your head.
It was then that Protestant England believed in the un-
changeable..truth, confided in the faithful promise, leaned
upon the Omnipotent arm, rejoiced in the reconciled coun-
tenance, and trusted in the seasonable interposition of her
God, even the God of Providence and of salvation. (Cheers.)
It was then that Britannia ruled the waves,
Burying her foes in deep and wat'ry graves ;
Though round her breast the swelling clouds were spread,
Eternal sunshine settled on her head.
The Papists and their allies exclaimed, " Why make such a
loud noise, 'and sound such a fearful alarm ? There is no
danger. Ireland is quiet, and peaceable, and comfortable ,•
-England is serene, and tranquil, and undisturbed ; Scotland
is route and still. Why are you uniting the Churches of
England and Scotland together? Why are you joining Gos-
pel ministers and their Christian people together? Why
are you combining the peers and the nobles of the land to-
gether?' Why are you associating the Protestant gentlemen
and the Protestant operatives together ? " 0, innocent
creatures ! 0, gentle lambs ! 0, harmless doves I. 0, guile-
less
preservers, and plotless supporters, of all that " is pure,
and true, and honest,. and lovely, and of good report !"—he
should answer them by and bye. Why were they (he con-
, tinned) rallying their forces around the standard of eternal
truth ? Why were they unfurling the blood-stained banner
of the Cross as a signal of war against all infidels, Papists,
Socinians, and anti-Protestant dissenters, who " are • all
honourable men !"—the noble, illustrious, glorious, intrepid,
enterprising, bright; intelligent, moral, and super-'excellently
pious advocates for civil and religious liberty !—ay, and the
faithful allies, the dear brothers, and strenuous supporters of
the frugal, peaceable, and reformed Whig-radicals of immor-
tal memory, as promisers of economy, peace, and reform,
and as performers of extravagance, of war at home and
abroad, and of abases and corruptions in church and state?
-(Cheers.) He answered these questions in plain, unequivo-
cable, anti-Popish, anti-Jesuitical language—" Because you
are denying that God,is the ruler of princes, that he is King
over all the earth, and that his kingdom ruleth over all ; and
that consequently all are bound, in the spheres in which they
move, the stations' which they occupy, the relations which
they sustain, the talents which they receive, the influence
which they possess, and the opportunities which are afforded
them, to live unto and promote his glory, honour, and
praise—

Maintain the glory of his cause,
And honour all his laws.
Because you are doubting and denying the divine inspiration,
ant:aenticity, and genuineness of the Scriptures of truth, and
placing on a footing of equality with them the damnable he-
resies of Popery, and all the abominable and blasphemous

creeds which compose the heterogeneous mass of all your
errors in the school of our national education, in the palace
of our national morality, and in the temple of national reli-
gion ; and therefore poisoning, polluting, and embittering
the streams of our scriptural education and sound theology,
so that all who drink of them, in preference to ` the pure
water of life, which proceedeth clear as chrystal from the
throne of God and the Lamb,' may be demoralised in their
spirit and principles, and in their habits and characters,
dying in their sins for ever." (Cheers.) He answered them
in one word—" Because you are undermining, unsettling,
shattering, and attempting to destroy the old, tried, valua-
ble, and improvable institutions of the country, both civil
and sacred. (Loud applause.) You are convulsing the
nation—the altar is rocking upon its foundation—the
throne is trembling on its base—the monarchy iS tot-
terint on its pillar—and the imperial crown of Protestant
England is vibrating on the innocent, youthful, and royal
head which wears it, even the head of our most gracious
sovereign Queen Victoria ; and long may it remain there,
surrounded with the light lustre and beauty of the Star of
Brunswick ; irradiated and adorned by the beams, the rays,
and splendour of the Sun of Righteousness,—admire and
preserve that royal diadem ; and esteem, venerate, obey, and
protect, as true-hearted loyal Britons, the sovereign lady who
wears it—the grand-daughter of George the Third of immor-
tal memory—(cheers)—who opposed, resisted, and hated
Popery even unto the death, leaving the crown of his illus-
trious ancestors to his legitimate successors, unstained and
untarnished by the foul breath of the anti-Christian beast
and vile harlot of Rome. Have patience and you will hear
that in the hour of her need, the day of her diff,aulty, and the
night of her adversity, she will again send for the hero of a
hundred battles and of a hundred victories too, in defence
of the altar and the throne of her ancestors, and of these
realms, to be her counsellor, her adviser, her polar star, and
her sheet-anchor—in the clouds, storms, and tempests which
may surround her." It is very remarkable (proceeded the rev.
gent.) that the charge of disloyalty should be advanced
against, and fastened upon the conservatives of this country.
I shall not say a word of what is transacting in the Court,
but I exhort you to do your duty to your God, to your Queen,
and to your country, without the Court, and then you will
diffuse a purifying and sweetening savour through the palace,
so that her Majeety may live in a clearer, purer, and more
Protestant atmosphere. It frequently happens that the loudest
professors of loyalty are the first transgressors of it, and they
who are the first and best criers against treason, are the first
and worst actors of treason. When Jehoiada, the High
Priest, with the rulers and leading men in the kingdom,
brought forward Joash the young pious Prince of Judah, who
was providentially preserved from the murderous designs of
his grandmother, " And he brought forth the King's son,
and put the crown on his head, and gave him the testimony :
and they annointed him, and clapped their hands, and said,
God save the King." ho on that occasion rent her clothes,
and cried—Treason ! Treason ? It was Athaliah, the daugh-
ter of Ahab, who wickedly seduced her husband and licr son
to idolatry; and who committed treason and murder by de-
btruying all the seed royal, that she might usurp the throne
and government of Judah. In this nation we have brought
forth the King's (George III.) grand-daughter, we put the
crown on her head, gave her the testimony, (the Bible, the
whole Bible, and nothing but the Bible,) annointed her
Queen, clapped our hands, and said—God save the Queen,
and we still say—God save the Queen. We leave it to the
descendants, of those who murdered Lady Jane Grey, and
martyred Craniner, Ridley, and Latimer, to shout as hard
as they please—disloyalty ! disloyalty ! and to cry as loud as
.they will—treason ! treason ! We shall exclaim—fear God !
fear God ! honour the Queen ! practise loyalty towards the
Sovereign, and obedience to her laws ! We repeat it—God
save the Queen from her ministers, her advisers, her flatter-
ers, her courtiers, her deceivers, and especially from him who
is the counsellor, adviser, upholder, supporter, preserver,
dragooner, and master of her Majesty's ministers ; and the
sworn, perjured and paid enemy of Britain's Protestant
throne and altar ! (Cheers.) My operative friends, I con-
gratulate you on your forming yourselves into a Protestant
Association. You have done well to come into the ranks of
the Protestant army, composed of the Episcopalian Esta-
blished Church of England and Ireland ; and the Presbyte-
rian Estabiished Church of Scotland, and all who enlist under
their Protestant banners. You are right in joining your distin-
guished patron, your invulnerable champion, your indomi-
table leader, your invincible commander in Liverpool, the
Rev. Mr. M'Neilea-a(loud cheers.)—one of the bearers of
eternal truth of the Protestant ark. (Loud cheers.) After
a few further observations, the rev. gent. concluded by mov-
ing the first resolution, which, with the others, will he found
in our advertising columns.
Tie Rev. A.. M'CoNKEY, in seconding the resolution,
begged to express, in the first instance, his cordial concur-
rence in the objects of the society. He was sorry that the
necessity of his shortly occupying their attention might take
away the impression .made by the heart-stirring eloquence of
their friend from the north, who had been kindling up the
true Protestant feeling. He trusted the meeting had caught
somewhat of his spirit in their hearts ; although they could
not venture to give it such utterance, they could not but see
in him much of the determination of his forefathers—the
determination to hold the truth through evil report and good
report, even to the death. (Cheers.) As to the important
matter the chairman had brought before them, he need only
say that, as usual, where he had struck the blow, he made
one blow do.. These considerations left his (Mr. M'Con-
key's) task easy ; but he purposed, by the blessing of God,
to manifest his zealous co-operation with the society, by
unremitting exertion to bring its objects and whole machi-
nery before the operatives of his own district. (Cheers.)
The society was an instrument of much spiritual good, that
might so act upon the minds of the operative population as
to elevate them to the high Scriptural standard of true Pro-
testantism. (Cheers.) What was that which bound toge-
ther and preserved the elements of the British constitution,
since it became Protestant? It was Christian, Protestant
principle, (cheers,) which, so long as it was kept, would
make the constitution stand for ages a monument of honour
and glory to our country. But let " liberality," as it was
called, settle upon it—let Popery be allowed to act upon it,
and soon all the materials composing it would be burst asun-
der. "(Hear, hear.) He supported this society with heart
and hand, because it was not only supporting Protestantism,
but because it was aiding, by its exertions, under the blessing
of God, to snake the British constitution a permanent struc-
ture, efficacious for its purposes, in handing down to our
children's children real civil and religious liberty. (Cheers.)
His heart went with the society, because he believed the
true stability of the constitution depended upon the mass of
the people. (Hear, hear.) Upon the principles that existed
in their hearts, depended loyalty and obedience to the throne:
if the mass of the people were not established in true Scrip-
tural Protestantism, in vain had we rulers and counsellors,
kings and queens. These were the great objects this society
had in view, and therefore he felt it incumbent upon every
minister of God to support it; and he supported it because
the instrument by which it proposed to effect all these re-
forms was the principle of eternal truth. (Hear, hear.) It
was not every freedom that constituted true liberty ; that
was true freedom only which resulted from a knowledge of
the Word of God, shewing us our position as sinners and as
subjects—as beings of a community in time, and as beings of
a community hereafter. (Hear.) We might be at large,
and still not be at liberty. The beast of the forest, that
prowled for prey, far from the prying hand of man—he was
at large, but not at liberty. The patient ox, with days of
toil and nights of repose, yielded his willing neck to the
service of the master at whose hands he received the suste-
nance necessary for his life ; his yoke was the sweet toil of
liberty, and he enjoyed his being, because he was answering
the end of his creation. It was so with every rank and grade,
from the poor person who asked for alms to the king upon
the throne. It was only he that knew the will of our com-
mon Lord and our redeeming God—who, knowing it, con-
tinued in patient obedience to that will—who stood up bear-
ing faithful testimony for His truth, desiring that nothing
but that will be done with him and with his—it was only
such a person who enjoyed freedom, and was at liberty. It
was to bring this truth home to the minds of the people,
that was the object of this society ; and he embraced it as
an instrument of bringing before the operative community
their common interest and their common danger. Dangers
were spreading around us, and it was now time for all true
Protestants to defend their faith. In a tract published by
this society, he found an enumeration of what had taken
place within the last fifty years. Fifty years ago the num-
ber of Roman Catholic chapels in England did not exceed 13 ;
now there were 513. (Hear, hear.) At that period there
were no Popish colleges, and only two other seminaries; now
there were ten colleges and sixty seminaries : seventeen
nunneries and. one monkery. (Hear, hear.) Within that
period a Popish college in Ireland had been endowed by an
annual grant from Parliament. In the British colonies there
were 23 Popish bishops, and only eight bishops of the Church
of England ; and besides ail this the government was lending
a helping hand to take away that which the Roman Catholics
dared not openly of themselves offer to do, namely, to rob the
nation of the word of God. (Cheers.) Protestant England
was, however, now awaking. We had been sleeping whilst
Popery had been stealing upon us, but she had not yet fatally
struck us ; the noise of her velvet feet had been heard, and
now the Protestant soul had awakened, and the Protestant
operatives of England, by the grace of God, would lay the
foe prostrate before them. (Loud cheers.) After a few more
eloquent and spirited remarks, the rev. gentleman concluded
by seconding the resolution, which was carried amidst loud
cheers.
On the suggestion of the Rev. CHAIRMAN, a collection was
made at this stage of the proceedings, and donations pre-
sented by several gentlemen towards purchasing a library for
the use of the association.
The Rev. Mr. CONNOR moved the next resolution. It had
been remarked that Popery must either be uppermost or un-
dermost. He thanked God she was undermost now, and had
been so for the last 300 years, and from his heart he prayed
that the Lord might keep ier so. (Cheers, and cries of
" Amen.") But now that she was undermost, she was going
about stealthily, hovering round the court, some time in
place and some time out---and why she was ever in place he
was at a loss to tell, for by the ancient constitution of Eng-
land she ought ever to be out of place. (Hear, hear.) Every
King of England had been warned of this insidious lady in
waiting. (Hear and laughter.) There was not a century
that passed in which her character was not unveiled ; and
now the Protestants of Liverpool were confirmed in their
minds of -her real ebarsartur by_ the dizoovary of the Ribbon,
conspiracy and other events of the last year. (Hear.) Some
people would not believe that Popery was a drunken, dis-
honest, faithless, and perjured servant ; but the Protestant
Operative Associations of England were convinced of it.
We found in the Bible that Popery was drunk with the blood
of the saints ; that she was faithless; for the decree of the
Council of Constance was yet unrepealed, which said that no
faith was to be kept with heretics. (Hear, hear.) And we
had now perjurers coming before us with oily words ; they
would not interfere with the Established Church ; they swore
it ; yet with their assistance down came the axe, and away
went ten bishoprics ! (Hear.) And in the notes to their
Bible they said that Protestant heretics were to be banished,
their goods forfeited, and themselves even punished with
death. (Hear, hear.) We were quite willing to present this
old servant with her discharge, and to say " Wewill have no
more Popery in England ;" nay more, we were willing to en-
ter our protest upon the pillar of God's throne, and to
caution all that visited our land, to beware how they received
into their dominions, this servant that wasted her master's
substance in riotous living. (Cheers.)—After shewing how.
Popery had stolen into high places, the rev. gentleman ob-
served that she was now before a jury who had pronounced
her guilty, and declared she should have no permanent esta-
blishment in this land. Protestant ascendancy must prevail,
because it was the principle of truth. (Cheers.) Protestant
Ascendancy meant the Church of England upheld in truth,
and established by law ! (Cheers.) It meant that the church
should he upheld by a Protestant ministry. But Protestant
Ascendancy did not argue hatred to our Roman Catholic
brethren. (Hear.) No, when we agreed for Protestant
Ascendancy we argued for the ascendancy of the truth. He
begged to move the second resolution

The Rev. Mr. MARSHALL, in seconding it, showed, from
the " Laws of the Papacy," that Popery in the present day
retained its old hatred to Protestantism, and that such bulls
as the Bulla Cenw Domini—the horrible nature of which was
so ably exposed by the Rev. Mr. .M`Ghee, in his speech at
Sheffield, lately reported in the STANDARD, were in force in
Ireland.

The resolution was put, and adopted unanimously.
The next resolution, moved by Mr. LEATRERBARROW, and
seconded by Mr. LEDERS, was also unanimously adopted.
On the motion of Mr. WATSON, a vote of thanks was pre-
sented to Mr. M'Neile, for his able conduct in the chair ;
and, on its being carried, most hearty cheers were given for
the three watchwords of P rotes:tantism, namely,
" Scriptural
Education,7
" Church Extension," and the " Repeal of the
Emancipation Act."
Mr. M'NEILE acknowledged the compliment nearly as
follows becomes my duty now to dissolve this meeting,
first expressiug my very cordial acknowledgments for the vote
of thanks which you have so kindly passed for my poor exer-
tions in this cause—not poor indeed with regard to my
abilities, for they are the best I can give, but poor, as every

rest
creature's exertions must be poor, in reference to the g ire
cause in hand and the great and glorious master whlo.
serve. (Cheers.) His name and his cause are alu to
pression great. (Cheers.) It is well to look ul) ou
him, that our minds may be calm, and that we may re Do
that strength which alone is to be depended 111,1'7' be excitement of creatures evaporates, but he that waits ,be 3
the Lord—he shall renew his strength. There ulas''o.l;
collectedness about our strength if it is to be suc,ees' to,
there must be a self-possession in every soldier in the a_r, be
which is to keep its place on the day of trial ; there rea_!,l've,
a confidence in the leader, in the great captain of our 'feat,
tion, animating every rank, from the highest to the to
and that can only be had by patient waiting upon God,;',tie de
adversaries' cause is one of mere partizanship. So ell s
they know of our anxiety to forward God's truth all",7talit
salvation, that they charge us with organizing these Pro'e: the
societies, and attending these Protestant meetings, fotstry
comparatively paltry object of displacing the present ;Dial";
from the government of England! (Hear.) They ela,ige;re
with this as the real end of our movement. So l't` are
they capable of entering into our real feelings, so
they capable of appreciating our true principles, that tle lic'po,
pression of them, in all sincerity from us, sounds he! It
crisy to them. (Hear.) They charge us with hypoeV.vielf
is but lately that my rev, brother, Mr: M`Ghee, and el. to
were called, by an urgent and largely signed' requisition, to
hold two Protestant meetings in new places, and add t,tto
the list of our Protestant associations. e went flrs"tks
Yorkshire, next into Shropshire, and held two such nid I
as would have rejoiced your 'hearts. (Hear, bean) in
find the old stories in the radical newspapers of the
Yorkshire, retailed from papers of the same descriptaytit,
Liverpool, raking up all the malice, slander, and undo
elver
bleness against us, whom they call uncharitable, urb°ed
said an evil word of them individually—who have a"tio
against their principles—who have shown their falsehood _, as
have compared them with Scripture, but who against tbea'A ;
individuals, have never uttered one single ill-natured Onr
,
whereas, upon their side, they do not meet our arguiaeoat;ot
they do not compare them with Scripture—they d „boe
maintain their own principles by the Bible, but they tof
Us personally, they call us " surpliced ruffians" for Tap,
argument against what from our own lips they Gann° )
swer. (Hear.) The same we expect again. (He3r.jue
look for no better treatment so long as my Lord enableswe
to speak, and so long as evil principles are fostered.
100
know of whom they come, and whose children they are tbor
foster and propagate the same. To such the great 3u
of Christian charity said, " Ye are of your father the De./.,be
he was a liar from the beginning. 'When lie speaketh Itbe
speaketh of his own, for he is the father of it ; tberein,r‘,lle
children of God manifest and the children of the Devil• not
that doeth righteousness is of God ; but he that doeth t bis
righteousness is not of God, neither is he that loveth lour,
brother." And I would invite you, even at this late, bat
to consider what the love of • a brother means, anu
the Scriptures lay down as the mark of love to his brother )
that you shall in no wise suffer ain in brother. (11'31..1
Our-her;
Now, if God has commanded a duty, and your prot bo,
not performing it, or if God prohibits a sin, and oy urtuteat
ther is guilty of it, to stand aloof and say nothing, to as
him as if all were right, as if sin was duty arid duty sb'he.
if good were evil and evil good, as if it were all alike
_thee
ther man bows to an image or bows not, as all alike Avhcas if
he holds the divinity of our Lord Jesus Christ or not,t,
it were alike whether he keeps- the sabbath day or °coon
alike whether he sanctions perjury, or rejects it with h it is
oh, it is to upset the foundations of right and wrong,j
rain
to mix light and darkness, it is to dishonour God a""who
souls, to treat truth and falsehood as those men treat it
profess they cannot distinguish between one and the o' o
who call those who hold falsehood brothers, and those flv
Itg
hold truth bigots, and who would silence truth, because of
things in the world it will not mix with their heterogetipe
mass of falsehoods. (Cheers.) But if
truth
there, as a chemical test, the cause is explained. Tile a for
of God- will not mix with the variousof en anteue
this reason—the Church of Christ is as a burdensoreet; to
lies. bring
in the world, and the people of Christ are a trouubel
worldly men—they are condemned in their course.
se that
know they are right. I will venture to say of itlYnd uiy
there is not a man in this town that has abused me,
proceedings, butwho knows in his soul that I have ueer lharell
lowing the truth of God as an honest minister in the ":, )
of Christ. (A voice—" I wish they bad all done like,?'" „ -00,
_I have an answer to send from this town to Dr. NV,I sil.'
who said, at the consecration of a new Popish chapel '4,60
minghain, that " wherever the strong hold of Protesr`aelle
is, it is not in the hearts of the people—it is in theahe
sions, their prejudices, and in their ignorance of t were
tholic religion." (Hear, hear.) I wish Dr. Wisenlaait to
here to take the answer himself, but I must conveYi oust
''
him in the best way I can. (Hear, hear.) N°'
dismiss this assembly, kept here in almost nub t all
force to this late hour. Surely, surely this is no°ftV
mere show, nor all passing away in the exeitement God'
moment ! (No, no.) Surely you are concerned for i„ yO,l
truth in this town and country ? (Yes, yes.) Ser,e !„,rely
will follow it up upon your knees by your bed-side, and raj'`
God will bless you! (Hear, hear.) Let us sing his Ir'eiga,
before we part ; let us pray for one another, for our Olt yOli,
and for all that are in authority over us ; and let °gore:
my dear brethren, that there is no danger of such au t.lcho
as one of my reverend brethren intimated some stl,9'lolijaut
—that it is the law of the land, passed in the reign oft! the
the Third, of glorious memory—(loud cheers)---!,ltiou,
Queen of England cannot, according to the cons,t!',oo.l;
Marry a Papist—(hear)—it cannot be; the law stane7froso
there is no risk. Never should a suspicion of it be breathe tioor
any man. (Hear, hear.) It is against the law—it is tlitt ).0,1
stitutional to suppose it. (Hear, hear.) I have Pic Ova.
the law to silence suspicion from any man. The ',3,...f0r
not be broken. (Hear.) It is mighty still—(clieers),.a that
is unrepealed. I say you ought to pray for her and .toes o
are in authority under her, for one another, for the Pafatiott
the church, for the success of the Protestant As°e, oert2
for the regeneration of our country, that God in his ,
may preserve us still, that he may keep us shelteredfro to,
arm of despotism, and from the ebullitions of democrata' pieq
with relig ion above and contentment below, and giAleers.)
and grace to all for Jesus Christ his sake. Amen. t'..ssiugs
The Doxology, ,4 Praise God from whom all
flow," was then sang, and the meeting separated.

As a proof of the mildness of the season, green I'a-0r
excellent quality were sold yesterday in the market at
derate price.—Brighton Gazette. Pris
VAN AMBURGH.— Great fears are entertained l 3 ogar
that the leg wounded by the lion will have to underav 3
tation. He was on Sunday in a very precarious state. Ijo
Miss Emmeline Montagu the leading female perforuhlti at
tragedy, at the Bath theatre, is about to make her deg
Drury-lane, in the arduous character of Juliet.
WeA5
TAKING SNUFF.—A person said to his friend , 'chaos- tt
learning to take snuff, that it was wrong to teach one's
bad habit, as a man generally folloled his nose.
aa riscft
It is rumoured, that the crown lands, which c°- 2to '-
considerable part of the town of Shefford, are like! retest
~e
sold, as the late Duke of Bedford's was the last life-13
therein.—Herts Reformer. -
noted.
SERVANTS.—It was an observation of Elcve:;, , hltledove'
miser, that if you keep one servant your work 'sill 1-" ore'
if you keep two, it will be half done; and if you keel'
you will have to do it yourself. liurif
The Geneva papers mention the weather as being llecnua the
mild there. They state that in several gardens t°",,,riug.'
town, lilacs and other plants that usually flower in '
are in full flower at present. AI
er
Anixishinan, on passing through a field of cattle Poo lio
day, said to a friend, " Whenever you see a herd cut core t
lying down and one of them standing up, that One is '
be a bull !! . of
. ' those
Among the new French peerage creations are i the
three editors of newspapers :—M. Berlin, editor,orier
Journal des Debals.—M. Keratay, editor of the "
Francais.—M. Etienne, of the Constitutionnel. i., DO,
Miss Augusta Maywood, a young American liti,:tl'is, 1'75
created a vast sensation in the Academie-Royale, ,"-q,at ws
extraordinary dancing in Taglioni's styie. Her (.('
on the 11th instant. ati lute.;
We can hardly doubt that the friends of the COlonicg theft
rest in the metropolis will take some mode of exp!e':ona c°ll'
gratitude to Sir John- Colborne, whose character "
duct they so highly esteem.—Brighton Gazette.
arlythil'.
SHOCKING.—We are exceedingly sorry to 01. li reea,
against the ladies, but we have lately heard thievls4evc h
about them. It is currently reported and generallY L_,'„k ear
of the whole sex, that they do not scruple to it('
other's frocks.—Cincinnati Paper. of die
The Earl of Kingston has intimated his intentntotbett
.4:71: enitei:Ostioo
rat:c:toll 0
charging the heavy outstanding engagements of b' Lion re-
fltheectslattheeVhiisgchoeusnt tcreKdiiitigosnb ohriosulogrlid.
lordship.—Cork This
cdoert4e.tsratiai?::.tiit:ar.e4ge
IL--
The Capitole estimates the. produce of the Year, getolu,V
in the Bordeaux districts at about 1,000,000„;,;-: that to
(264,186 English gallons) of wine of ordinary qua"' 183"
last year amounted to 1,150,000 ; and that cl.
2,213,624 hectolitres. .fla Ccrs
The Hartlepool and Durham Commercial SbiP.Pl7, 14c:i,
pany held their general annual meeting at the 1,:t.n.!"1 A (I'4,
Hotel, in Hartlepool, on Tuesday week, and deel,aitioatioti
dend of £9 per cent. for the half year.-1V- iloght°,l;
Goon EXAMPLE.—We are informed that Lady
°a(; to to
of Astley Hall, near Chorley, has begun to
poor, and that this act of charity will be eontin 1
..„ it
the whole winter.—Blackburn Standard. SA '''' ,6
The rifle brigade, at present quartered at
is said, to receive the distinction of the name °f iron of ,tit.
rifle guards. Lord Alexander Russell, younge'l'ais apP°l
late Duke of Bedford, has joined the corps, on 0
a to
to
ment as second lieutenant. lead cf,
a aa
No clue whatever has yet been obtained likely ~ at '-av
the apprehension of the offenders who cut the
to r°el,';:o petsaa
stock Colliery, and which caused the death of „1_ their
who were descending. 4300 has been offered 101
---it
RAT-
prehension. s.
,
BATTLE.—ONE WAY OF SAVING COUNII, _t op a°'f, co.
prisoner came to the House of Correction a sh°." 00 catl
not In the custody of any constable, but with 111' to ae°
mitment in his hand, like a certificate of admission
that
hospital.—Brighton Gazette. drie:4(l9).Yf:
The Court of Common Pleas decided, on We
_lts off, tv
aliens may bring actions for libels in British eu_utot ottit'io
tice. The case on which the question arose waft drag° ill
sani v. Lawson. The plaintiff was an interpreter v„itist hill'
at Constantinople, and complained of libels 3g.""
„ice&
the Times newspaper.
The radical papers have recommenced their ±101,10,"-dftre:
attacks upon the proceedings and motives of the Jtbasl3:aet
ager. Because her majesty meets with all ei,,, whe?_., to
grateful, and honourable reception from the p.eol)4,ostiu"
she goes, she is accused of setting herself up 13 ur
Prs
and decrying the Queen Victoria. _„.eraell,ool!
Mrs. Alfred Shaw has entered into an engla, at I'', fait
year with the manager of the theatre of La Selatarda!fir
and was to make her debut at that theatre o;!:"flaicio,v
in a new opera, called Überto, Conte di San
a ilf aestro_.",gge:
namesexpressly for her by Signor Verd, ' ir, bar e_l.:',;-tbe'
not as yet known in this country. 01-',alin av
ment, Mrs. Shaw is to appear during the Car Iv i'.l
thy, ta
opera, also composed for her. the. d
311.:
DEATH OF JOHN LANDER:—Died, on tistienod vii,
Wyndham-street, Bryanston-square, in p..-d)tiastcaasiojeitt:
John Lander, an officer in her Majesty vicaar3 rtoliaa
enterprising young man was the brother of 7 0814443ra
the faithful servant and attendant of Captaici,
to 40,0010
his African expedition. The services renderot,„lre dee;
cal science by thd Landers are too recent tni,11;1005,,,10,r.
in a brief obituary. The British governmceiVo to ei,,,roci
..r
mined, in the year 1829, to send out au esli tatlebard root! et',
the course and termination of the Nigel.l,d by hisofasslic
volunteered the undertaking, acco '
InPanlb.le desire,ve °I. t,io
John, who was alike influenced by ,1 laud
ile „art: 11 wherAie
ing his brother, and of visiting Africa. .o iS396t. 'ip
expedition was published on their return
elst ititerexpejitiro,
their perilous adventures excited the d"Pamother e;1.101. bare'
brothers soon afterwards entered 11Prwilica the -.0 il'aad
to the same quarter, the termination 1
°John;ls 3cnoriarit-a
ther, Richard, did not long survive-
a.,,iaint, cps le of
having fallen a victim to a pulmonary oti"?.. fIC aprs,,.o
by his labours in the promotion of seieuicieer seve.n,
_):,,,s t.ao
widow and three very young children,
.I`.`„„ erovis•;7o, a:to
age, with nothing more than such teniPo!3!Ybis st",ellt
.`_,c
father's prudence may have secured on,u.'..,„oiataar.,cote.
This aar, act., ir / i. pc,
junior clerk in the Custom-Iwin-x. ,i on, 1,0 609 011,1 e.
kindly given to him hy the Earl of:
diti'?irlitreirest' l'i' W3‘,511 the
AG
fordi
cearine he
x,
paes
dai
trieowzidi
wfohri c
itiilieexsp7c e s .: fuiPtactrtgaei;-ootillsol° VI:
man took, as-usual, a most.patriotiel, ilit Lain iog ,a
ad
sessed of considerable literary talent. Ju.,' Fedor% true
pretending and inoffensive in derneanoo.•_orthy o.
moral and social duties in every respect "
pious Christian.—Standard.

•een Pee
of
.ket at

• PO
red 111 00'
derg° 3

state. •
PrfoN'ri at
her debit

Id, "1° a
oic,, n -

„onirrii;l;
rest
life-inte

°tea
the 0e;
rill bet re,
I kceP

itarlY
ngPecud the
s roil-,, op
r 6Pr

other
tie the;
of c 0 -re to
ne i 5 5°

OE
.e thoTetbe
itior °t-rier
Co

a 111(1)'. b9pari,los
debil

al i°te't
)1011,
0. the)
co•
er and

405
any,
I.t
,syish reP:d,
Lic belieeoh
/1000
f
tiorloatlier,
ur- re'
3datil
"
• ti`3"
"
!an
iiiiage
's iitrq
ilectiotot
yis3l,

Co(lvj
Pill,g. Ol•
e(
10 aartia I.
tj
le ton,h
tiogP the
,only r%511
tl;r°

it
sor a,,en
L f tb°
;or' 000.
i$ l'131)

to 11j to
d'
,e f 035
e Pc' • V'
r
cir

AYESO°
t:ll3'coio.
)80 uoti
a cO

tb9
,J3)'..
- • of
ro' f
ot 0
woo
jr3g9 in
iSt
1-rcef
.- t'
dpi,eelsitiCt
[ltoyet
wteroti to

erl- •0t for
-t
rclaYecor
7i00.1100
roel,tgee:
h
