TO CORRESPONDENTS.

The letter signed " OMICRON" is an advertisement.
4"rOWNSM AN" should write to the Mayor about the " dogs."
We regret we cannot make room for a rather long letter ad-
dressed to a Mr. Shiel—the Common Councilman, we pre-
sume.

'te lLtbcrpool SL-tanbarb.

FRIDAY MORNING, JUNE 10, 1836.

Sydney papers to the 9th February reached us yester-
day. They are chiefly filled with complaints against the,
working of the convict system, and more especially with
strictures on the new jury bill, which admits emancipated
convicts, whose decisions will have the force of prece-
dents governing the future jurisprudence of the colony, to
serve as jurors. The state of morals in New South
Wales may be judged of by the following extract, which
we copy from the Sydney Herald :

"The criminal sittings of the Supreme Court commenced on
Monday with only 180 cases on the calendar, which have ac-
oumulated in the space of two months, independently of the
Quarter Sessions list, which is pretty voluminous. Murder,
highway robberies, burglaries, are prominent in the caldndar,
which presents every grade of crime in the catalogue of human
depravity ; and yet the thick-and-thin paid advocate of the sys-
tem, with unparalleled audacity, bespatter their patron with a
frothy, nauseous, adulation, which must be sickening even to
the shrine at which it is offered. What must that system be that
requires to be supported by gross mis-statement, in the very
teeth of facts from official scources that cannot be contra-
dicted ?
"Three men, named Jones, Arundell, and Savage, were tried
on Saturday last at the Supreme Court, for-the murder of Mrs.
Fitzpatrick, at Bathurst, two of whom (Jones and Arundell)
were found guilty, and ordered for execution this morning."

We have Jamaica papers to the 29th April. Their
contents clearly show that Lord SLIGO cannot be more

tired of his government than the colonists are tired of
their governor. As a separation between these parties
was understood to be about to take place, a baptist ad-
dress had been presented to his lordship, at the Govern-
ment House, by a deputation consisting of ten preach-
ers, a lawyer, and a druggist ! The Kingston Chronicle
makes the following observations upon the meeting at
which this address was agreed to :
We direct the attention of the British public to the following
analysis of facts connected with the late tumultuous assembly
in Spanish Town, in order that they may place a just value upon
the address presented to Lord Sligo, and he enabled to judge of
the propriety. of his lordship's conduct in receiving such a
doubtful testimonial in favour of the impartiality of his admi-
nistration.
In the first place, the meeting was not called in the usual
way by the custos, or, in his absence, by the senior magistrate,
but it was convened by " irresponsible" individuals, who post-
ed placards about the town, without even avowing their names.
Since the meeting, however, we find that the followine indivi-
duals were the prime movers in this transaction. Who and
they? We append their profession or calling
Peter Tabois, (dubbed doctor), white—A vender of drugs.
Joseph Waldron, brown —a jobbing carpenter.
William Johnston, black,—a journeyman tailor.
Charles Harvey, white,—a pettifogging attorney.
John Brown, blown,—a clerk in Mr. Vidal's office.
George H. Fletcher, brown,—shopman to Jordon and Oi-
born.
Thomas Turner, black,—a pack saddler.
What property do they possess in the country? None!
How much in taxes do they contribute to the revenue of the
country? A mere bagatelle, as the rolls of St. Catherine will
prove! So much for the character of the individuals who con-
ducted this meeting.
In the second place, it took place after six o'clock.' Accord-
ing to immemorial custom, public meetings have always been
held in broad day ; and during the existence of slavery, we
had express enactments prohibiting meetings before sun-rise
and after sun-set! Yet in defiance of this fact, Lord Sligo re-
ceived an address under such circumstances, at once winking,
at an invasion of immemorial custom.
In the third place, although it was pretended by the chair-
man that freedom of discussion would be allowed, and although
several gentlemen attempted to deliver their sentiments and to
oppose several of the resolutions which were founded in base
calumny and deliberate falsehood, yet these lamb-like crea-
tures, as described by Mr. Inspector General Ramsay, threat-
ened—and were in the act of carrying their threat into execu-
tion, when the riot act was read—to resort to the summary pro-•
cess of " turning them out" vi et armis.
In the fourth place, the resolutions were not carried by accla-
mation. They were opposed. And in consequence of that
opposition, it was necessary to resort to Club Law. During
the first part of the riot, a few resolutions were put without form
or regularity, and said th be carried, by the chairman; and the.
remainder were put equally as the others without form or regu-
larity, and in the midst of the greatest uproar, after the read-
ing of the riot act, and again declared by the chairman to be.
carried ! !

The packet ship Europe, which arrived here on Wed'
nesday morning, brought New York papers to the' 17tb
May. By the subjoined extracts it will be seen that the
war in the Texas had assumed a most ferocious and
blood-thirsty character, and that the insurrection of the
Indians in Florida had not been materially checked.--
However, the glorious success of the President in his
foreign diplomacy will more than compensate the Ame-
ricans for any anxieties they may have felt on account of
their domestic troubles. The republican King of the
French has actually tabled down to the American agent
at Paris more than-THREE MILLIONS AND A HALF OF DoI.T
LARS! and the money is positively in the course of trans-
mission to America IN GOLD ! !

TF.XAS.—The rtews from Texas this morning is decidedly of e•
more favourable character. We regret to add,
of the opinion given by us yesterday, that the horrid massacre
inlconfirmatio°
of Colonel Fannin and his men is unfortunately too true. The
.New Orleans Bee, of April 27th, says, "The melancholy tidings
have been confirmed bv arrivals yesterdar." The contradictiai?
of it, therefore, which 'had come through the Mexican cons.ol,
and the official reports of Urrea before the massacre, proves t°
have been a fabrication.
LATEST OFFICIAL INTELLIGENCE FROM THE TEXIAN ARO •
—By a letter from a highly respectable source, Major Ira In'
gram. to the editor of the New Orleans Commercial Bully
dated dated Natchitoches, April 24th, and published in the Bulletin o',
the 27th, we learn that that crentlemen left the head quarters 0,,
General Houston the Bth of April, and had received adviee'..
from it up to the 13th, inclusive. The main hod/
mand was between 12 and 1300 men. At the dif erent 13%,55f0
of the river above and below the main encampment were 8‘")
1000 men, making the whole force 2000. the
In an express from General Houston, dated April 13th, he
enemy is said to have been at the Fort Bender crossing,tect
of his eent;
Brassos, twenty miles below San Felipe, endeavouring to e'eiy
a passage, and that the main Texian army would immesliet,&
fall down to this point. The mounted men by land on the ei:'7n
side the river—the infantry in the steamer Yellow Stone, t;',(so
in the river, at the main encampment, having on board
bales of cotton. The army were well supplied with subsistenserii..
arms, and ammunition—the men, chiefly Texians, in hid' nti,l
rits, anxious to revenge the murderous butcheries by Ithe
Anna-. General Houston enjoyed the entire confidence 0 wbo
army. There was no party spirit or contention. Those 1,,,x1 •
had left to conduct their families to the cast of the Bra,ssos ,
rejoined the camp.
TIN 6
THE FLORIDA WAR NOT EN DED.--LATER AND INTEI-5300,
INTELLIGENCE.—By the Tallahassee Floridan, of April „let
we have the latest accounts from that quarter, which, we rTitor,
to state, place matters in a very unpleasant light. The coo 0'
seems to be au fait with this subject, and discourses in ter int
severe censure upon General Scott's recent movements "'he
arrangements. The whole country east of the Suwaneretant,
affirms is left totally abandoned; but what is more Mil)? wit)
lie affirms positively that the Seminoles, with their ehTever'
Oseola, have never, as has been asserted, gone to theochee
glades, but are still in the hammocks between the Withlaentoine,
and Vacassassa Bay. Colonel Reid, of the Florida bates the
just returned to Tallahassee, from Tampa—saw their filarody
whole extent of the coast. Moreover, the Indians are r 070"
emboldened by the inefficient and pompous but aborcil_eediter
lutions of our army of three combined divisions, which tnteabilit:/
compares to a noble ox stung to death by hornets witho" inoo°,s,
to defend himself. Ile says Scott has been harpooning
lillerY'n'
and shooting sand pipers (sand flies) with "dread a oies, t
The savages formed, he says, a guard of honour on P° flounce
Colonel Lindsay's division, who were all on foot, read)lt% care;
upon them in the least disorder. The entire plan ot
paign has been erroneous front the first, cumbro!.l! "`
troops, instead of regiments of light mounted ritd.ei.ejitittili_e,
might have been raised on the spot from men famili,a"uarteri:e
savage life and warfare. Since our troops retired "0 by
the Indians, as a matter of course, though couqueres,
ad
, laws of civilized nations. have come out of their fastness in Al
the houses Ivy
resumed possession. They are occupying . of corm
' clam, and rioting among the deserted plantations.t
have also planted their cwn corn \Niilllll SiX miles of k ei
