GI:EAT ANTI-SLAVERY MEETING,

O'n Frilly, at two o'clock, a meeting waq held in the A...lophi-
rir'atre —the worshipful the Mayor in,the chair—for the purpose
or petitioning parliament in favour of the total abolition of
Sl:ll.,•ry thr2nahout the British dominions (luring the present
Year, Too meeting was called in consequence of a requisition'
to which the nimes of 176 of the most wealthy and respectable
it licitluals, of all shades of political and religious feeling, were
attached. Toe, theatre was -lighted on the occasion ; and the
briie4 were filled with elegantly dressed ladies. The other
Otos of t hohonsewere densely crowded.. On the platform we
. .

observed Edward Cropper, Esq., 'l'. Blackburn, Esq., A, Hodg-
son, Esq-. N.. Kaye, Esq., John Jones, Esq., J. Itylev, Esq.,
D'. Sutherland. D. Hodgson, Esq., T. Morechift; Esq., the
R.'v. F. Ould, Rev. Hugh M`hleile,, Rev. J.. Lister, Rev
Mopes Fisher, Rev. J Carruthers, Rev. J. Kelly, Rev. Wan.
Scylla; end a number of other gentlemen; •
Shortly after two o'clock his worship the Mayor male his
appearance on the platfertn, and,received. a most enthusiastic
reception. He was accompanied by the Town-clerk. The
latter having read the requisition— • .
The Alavott said they ,vere aware that this was the first
meeting held out of the ,Sessions'-house. It was an
.unusual
course, and he relied on the good.feeling and good sense of his,
fell Ow-townsmen to justify him in the novel situation in_which
he had consented to place himself in holding a town's.meeting
itt. the Amphitheatre.. The subject on which they, had Met
:was
most important in itself, and roost important to,theirfellew.
creatures ; and he hoped the discussion would be so chndueted.
as to chew that they wertimpressed with the impertange,of the
subject—to show thatf,a, holy and riglateous,,eahse needed no.,
declamation, no violence to support it ;.:but, being fohrided on
truth and justice, that truth and justice should prevail. , It wag.
not by misrepresentation, or imputingmotives to others, that a
g.9od cause could be successful. Every gentleman carne
forward,' whether favourable or unfavourable to the object of the
Weetipg, should he heard with caluanessand impartiality.
The Rev. Mr. C;%RAIUTHERS moved the first resolution. name-,
That the meetine deeply. regretted the attempt ,that ,had,
been made to diVert the mind of the negro from seeking hisatn
mediate emancipation by the introduction pf, the bill,of the,
Colonial Secretary, intituled ' An Act to amend an Act for the..
abolition of Slavery in the British Colonies;' that, in their esti-.
mation, the provisions of that act.are altogether unsatisfactory
and inoperative; and that they are determined. never to rest
satisfied with any measure which shall continue slavery with
any medification under the fallacious name of apprenticeship,".
Mr. C. said, he would leave it to his esteemed and honoured
friend, the Secretary of the, Anti-Slavery Society in this towh.
to
.state the provisions of the ministerial measure, and to show
its. inadequacy to accomplish the. ends of, its projectors. They
wished to confer net the .name hut the reality.el freedom upeo,
those men, every one et, whom hed a right to expostulate with.
his oppressor, and to sa,Oo him,_" Am I not a man and a bres,
titer?' This wish, proceeded from the conviction that
,thera.
Was no neutral grohnd il.the. question—no medium betwixt the,
positions that everymanwhs either a freeman or a stave. Until,
the: West Indians had voluntary locomotion.—until they had all.
the privileges belonging to. British subjeets—they were in reality:
in a state of thraldom. If they would not deny tho dictates—if
they would nor resist hliedeinands (If jtistice, or sacrifice the,
claims of humaßity, or the higher claims. of_ the religion they,
professed2—if they would
..not stultify, themselves before the,
world, let them never rest satisfied with any measure that did
not go to the full and entire liberation of those }who in. spite
_of
pledges and promises were still bending beneath an unrighteous
dominatioh.—(Applauie.) •
The Rev. WIJ.LI BEVAN, Secretary to the JAverpol Anti-
Slavery Society, said that in rising to discharge the, luty im-
passl:upon him. it.would he necessary to preseht, the bill to
them passed- for, amending the abolition act. The feeling of the
country en the questien had led to a course of conselidation on
the part of the friends of ,the negro ; and it, was this which had
caused the adoption by government of a, remedy for the evils
cemplained of. At first that feelingappearcri to be slight; hut
iq avery short pet iod„that grohnd was admitted on high autho-,
rity;ant-l_en that ground, the measure he was to subunit to them
passed the houses of parliament, and received the royal sanction..,
1r was singular that it was admitted in one house of parliament
and dehied in the other. In six marked and separate instatices,
selected from his ,speeches, Lord Glerielg admitted, that the,
staterdents of Lord Brougham were not exaggerated, while, the
under,secretary denied to theta) that measure of truth,,
.Mr.
Bevan here pointed out differences betwixt the two secreteties
on various other points. It was rathersiugular that on gitaihtls,
so divorse, deniedd-by one and admitted by the other, the same,
measure should take its stand. The measure was now gone
forth to Crime into operation in the West India colonies.
tilaf measure he should now address
.h.imself, and if he should
go not-into declamation, but into statements of facts, he hoped
he should beexcuSed. rev, gentleman then proceeded, at
some length, to analyse the several, clauses of the act, and to.,
point mit their defects, Us also alluded to the inereaeed pehal.
ties which were inflicted on. the slaves as computed with those
they were liable to under the old system.; and to the obstacles
which the planters threw in their way to the obtaining of their
freedom. reference to the registration of the.apprentices,
Mr. B. pointed out, in a striking manner, the crooked and selfish
phlfey of the planters, In. March last.year a bill tipple subject
was sent home by the Colonial Legislature, which met the wets,
appreliation of Lord Glenelg, who congratulated the governor,
Sir Lionel Sinith, that a, good understanding now existed bar
tiwitt him and the House, of Assembly. This act, howeVer,
Aisle(' only thirty days, and Lord, Glehelg soon after declared,
that be had pronounced amore favee:able opinion of the act
than he was warranted to give. They were met -on that ocean
sien thtt they might seek such a repeal of that .and of all
other acts of the same description, as should leastWeen,the high,
road to the emanciption of the negro and his friends. , Mr.
Bevan concluded by beseeching the meeting to let a voice go
forth Prom it and an.parts of the country, which should fill the
ears of those who heard it, while the friends ofjustit:e maintained
their ground. .They had a cause dictated by justice,
lowed by the sanctions Of religion, and which he, hoped would
be, ere long, crowded with an abundant blessing (ruin their
gracious fled. (Great applause.)
The Mayon said he should now introduce a gentleman who

was to support
.the motion. The gentleman's name was Mr,
Blair, of Bath.
Mr. BL AIR sail he very much feared that indisposition, and a.
consequent weakness of voice, would prevent him, as it had
dime at Birmingham the day before, from going so luny into
the case before them as he would wish to do. In advocating a
great moral case of that kind, it was useful to,go baek to first
principles, that they might be able to pronuence at all tones
fearlessly on the side of truth and duty. He should now take:.
the liberty of adverting to one great fundamental. principle,,,l
because that. was the only gropnri en which abolitionists should
talke tiseir stand, namely, that slavery, in any coanitt.y, whether
in Sparta or at Rome, or in the United States of America,
where the clanking of the slave's chains without was heard in
the seats,ef jpsticP,, giving the lie to the sound of liberty within
—Uherever.slavery existed, it was utterly indefensible. VA's
not a nuisance to be abated, but a grime of the highest dyan
He would not condescend to go into the discussion of this pies.-
thin as a matter of detail ; it was with him matter. of high prin-
cjple. It was not with him a question whether the apprentices
were well or ill treated, whether they received their fuli allow-
ance of corn—whether they rotted.on a dunghill, or were pant-.
hered to gratify. their owners'. lusts—the teal and the final
question was, whether any, human being cupid lawfully, have
property, in another human being-e-(great applause)—whether
one man bad a right to the uncompensated labour oft another
akin He maintained that the right of every man to the fruit
of bcirlwn. labour was, above all other rights, and was rine which
no,pswer on earth could take away. If this was ,admitted to
lie a sound principle, and founded 00 reason awl religion, they
t rid pfone great stumbling-bloCk, be meant that of the alleged
carripect betwixt the planters and the apprentices. For his part
he believed in no such compact; they had the opinion of the
Chief Justice of the Qteen's Bench that, no .such compact
eti,ster.l„,_ and he was tvilliug to rest his case on the authority_ of
that, great lawyer. It, was, in point of .Tact, no better than a
corripact betwixt a harid,of burglars and thieves.—( Laughter.)
If A. and 11. entered the house of C. for the. purpose of robbing
him—if, they.. proceeded to accomplish their ,wicked purpese,
they were 'liable, by, way, of cntnpensation, be hung by the
neck., (Lane-hter and applause.) If they entered ipso a cain-
pact to stealc.t he,n.it was a wicked coutpiten.end ought ti) be
null and void, unless they adopted the maxim whish aaa.current
birth in the new and the old world. that steitlinn, a horse trot a
crime, but stealing a man was the attritrot,e.et, a tic•otieroiln.
Let them tint, be told that that right, which. the At:night y hint
conferred. on every, human being, of every clime, and every,
eoronlesion, from the equater to,the pole, could be set,astile by
legislative enactments; No human law could supersede the taws
ot
.OMI. No compact could make man the, property of man,
oi• 'interfere with the immutable rights of man to perfect freedem„
He asserted that the "compact" spoken. of by the planters had,
been shamefully broken by theta ; that greater, cruelties then
ever had been inflicted on the negroes, many of which. he de-
tailed, and•coatended therefore that even on the ground et there.
being a compact it was now no longer binding, If he, were.unt,
averse to weary them by reading stetenients,he could show that
these wanton and horribly (natel practices applied es much to,
British. Guiana and if a case was made out against Jamaica,,
then an .equally strong case was made out against British
,Gut-'
ana, which a certain gentleman. M r. Gladstone, had represented
es the very oasis in the
_desert, and against which no complaint
had been metre, except by some anonyinuus slanderers. As he
had mentioned Mr. Gladstone's name, he might make a remark
on. that gentleman's appearance in parliament. -He was sorry
that Mr. Gladstone had represented himself in the aspect he
had done, and for this yeason, !Woo later than that morning
he had learned that M r, Gladstone, in the. walls of private life,
exhibited many-beautiful traits of Christian chargeter. Bntthis
rendered his example the more dangerous. If they !emid sunk
a, person, setting at nnught or trampling under foot the express
itaiuuctiono- scripture, not to " rob the poor because lie is poor"
drawing a part of his subsistence from the nnreqUited_ lehour of
his fellow man--it' they found such a man Sanctioning by his
exampie the horrid traits or sravery wherever it existed, then he
(fhe'siVeaker ) trembled fur such an 'individual, and blushed for.
the-fallacious example of Christianity, Which such cenduct re-
'PreXented. If they saw only Such an exhibition of Christianity,
they might say that it was not from above,—Core the Father' of
lights; the Father 'of all goodness, but from beneath, front the
father of hes. He might say as to Mr. Glatktime's speech, if
ever there was a speech-in which labour.tvas•besroweilto make
the Norse appear the better,capse it was in. that speech., It was
worthy of the palmy. lays of slavery. It was a speech of the
feed advocate (if the wrong" doer, the interested and, guilty
p'strly: When they retnembered that Mr. Gladstone, or his
family, had received eighty or a hundred thonsand pounds;
wbich amount, instead of going into the pockets. of the wrong
doer, should have gone to compensate the slaves for the loss of
everything dear to man—(hear, and applause).--he (Mr.-IL)
could not-wonder that he defended the system. - .• . ;
The Rev. Henri Nl`Nrint ; I beg ten thousand pardons,•but
I must protest Against personal allusions of this kind. • ( Vehe-
ment enplatise, with seine confusion. As there 'appeared to he
tome difference of opinion amongst the auditors, the mayor
The .Mayon.—Allow me to say I will have an orderly meet-
ing, and will be obeyed, or otherwise I will dissolve the meeting.
Mr. M-'Neile has made an appeal very much in accordance as ith
my own feelings. .(Applainte.).. -
.Mr. Bt AIR said he had prefaced what he had to say of Mr.
Gladstone, with the remark that it might not he in. accordance
With their feelings, and be now boned to their decision.., He
tr (lid not speak of Mr. Gladstone as a private man,,ut only as
his,cenduct .was before the public in relation to the present
(111C"IPP, . What he had spoken of Mr. Gladstone had been
wrung for him, and it was more in sorrow than in anger. What
he should now say would refer to his arguments. It they were
td assume, with Mr. Gladstone, that the planters in' the West
Indies were the most calumniated of men, and that the slaves
there were better off than the -poor of this country, then what
Was to be said of the contrary statement of his own friends in
parliament ? What was to be said- of Sir Edlard Sugden's
speech, and of the admissions of Lords Glenelg and Sligo, to
earrunthiest of the terrible denunciations of- Lord Brougham ?
Whet were theyto say of the government bill itself, which was
intended to correct the evils complained of ? Either Mr. Glad-
stone proVed too much, or his case fell to the ground. When
he drew their attention to British Guiana, he wishedt hem to look
at.abitrunishrivent which had bees inflicted on the apprentices.
Wittitn.lhe ;space of two months, one Sian in every five of the
•POres. had been punished. They (the abolitionists) had been
dirllininted asllininted to the punishments inflicted on the negroes.
r in er,sometehat nifferent manner, they, still found
4.: 4ecempaniments of slavery. The whio. chains, and
tr-c',9"14'11. fled frequent mulcts of the apprentice, when his
time Was for the bine& of his master, which held out tempta-

Linos to that master to prefer complaints twainst his apprentices
they, who were
.an asylum to foringners of
every naote wh..were tieingjrum oppremgion ; they who were
rea •y, to spill their bloiiit in defence of freedom ;—shi2tilti they
took •on and behold the indiction of tortures on the wilted horlies

of humao 'wings, which would subject the oftsiolers to the pe,
nary of: the la:: if inflicted on beasts in Bogland? (I.lear,.
hear.) Thu bill against which they professed, was as likely to
he evaded as any former bill, or as that which it professed to
amend •Ho would say, if he might borrow, without irreverence.
the words of Scripture, it was. like •putting-a -piece of new cloth.
to An old garment, by which the rent, was made worse. That-
bill- would produce more annoyance and vexation in the West"
[lilies than the righteous measure- they wished to introduce.
Its provisions would be considered -insulting, and as interfering
with the rights of the planters. Away, then, with all tinkering,
and patching, and mending; let them lay the axe to-the root of
the, evil, let them lay, the moral upas--treelevel with the ground.
if -parliament turned a deaf ear to the nation's prayer, his hope
and prayer was, that the great •and gracious Being, who inter-
posed to, deliver his oppressed, people from bondage, would
arise in his inight, break tbe.yolto of the prisoner and the hands
of the oppressor, and let the oppressed. go free. M r., Blair sat
down amidst great, cheering,. . • , , • - •
The.resolution was unanimously adopted.

-Ana st HODGSON, Esq. said he had great pleasure in moving
the following resolution :—" That this -meeting regard the eit-
deavour to set aside the motion of Sir George Strickland, and
the advantage taken of that opPortnnity,to presit•fotivard the
bill then before the House olConiurions, together with the abrupt
termination of the debate, when •the partial statements of the'
advocates of the colonists were in a great measure unanswered,
u4.manifestly calculated to prejudice:the decision Of the ques-
tion;' in opposition to the prayer of numernes' petitioners; -and
that the further discussion of their claims for the speedy and un-
conditienal abolition of the -apprenticeship; it; therefore, tett
dered absolutely necessary." , He was happy- that it would, not
require many observations for him to insure the cordial -concur-
rence,ot. the meeting with- that resolution: It was-antler hire
toenquire into the particular parliamentary tactics that induciiii
the course alluded to. The nation had only just awoke to a'full.
apprehension of the- true state of the case. They seemed to
have been perfectly secure that all they had wished was arcein-
plished, Though they had been roused, they were nutlet fully
alive to the-whele iniquity.: If they now suffered'their feelings.
to subside and-the-question to rest where it was, they Would he
guilty of flagrant injustice to the cause of the oppressed- negro.
The more the •question was discussed the more- the 'obscurity'
that hang about the minds of men-liters of parliament 'respecting
this important subject would be dispelled, and they wontd:be-
come convinced that the compact had been broken and the;
ground left completely clear for fresh legislatorial interference.
He could not sit down • without stating that nothing ought to
satisfy the consciences or feelings-of the people of-England hut
immediate and unconditional emancipation. (Cheering.) As
an abolitionist of -twenty years'. standing ho should be sorry if
anything happened that he could not look hack to‘witheatntort
soists.fime-hence when the question was settled, and- he was
convinced that it was very near its-settlement. • (Cheers.), - •
The Rev. M-r. SQIYA NCR seconded the resolution with great
cordiality. He brought a warm; heart to the cause. Negro
slavery be regarded as this darkest, end foulest, and blackest
spot that ever stained the-charaeterof the British nation. 'No
man trail is right in the person of another; every man-wits-born •
equally free; and ho who -has been deprived -of that freedom
which is the natural birthright of every human being, is the
only party entitled to compensation ,for the loss which hoc has
sustained. (Great cheering.) - He knew that- many differed
with him on this subject—some of them ,friends of the' negro
race. They feared-that unconditional emancipation, which we
advocate,, might not to take place-before the expiration of- the
apprenticeship term.- But justice -ought ter sepersede every
other congideration—fiat jussitice, -ruat ccelum. It wasohjecteil-
t hat we ought not to make those who have fulfilled-the terms of
their contract suffer with those who. have-not. Bit he would
remark, that the humane individuals who have-treated-their ap-
prentices as they ought to be tremed, are not the persons who
make objections to immediate emancipation. Wheel-a:l' file
benevolent and the •humane have no•fears for the liberation of

the-negro. They (the meeting) were engaged-in-the cause of
truth and righteousness; and they had the 'example or shine il-
lustrious men to encourage them.:-Whitfiehl and Wesley,
among ,others, the two great lights of Methodism. The -rev.
gentleman concluded by reading a letter written by the Rev.
John Wesley .when.on his deathbed, addressed to Mr. Wilber-
force, . exhorting him to persevere in advocating the cause of the
injured African; and•assurirtg him that suecess and the blessing
of Divine Providence would'await his. exertions.

• Mr: SCOBLE next.presented himself to the meeting, and was
received w.ith applause. A sense of duty-had brought him 250
miles to atteod on the present occasion for he thought it pro—
bable- that some persons there would- have. contradicted, the
statements he had made at the late' Exeter Hall meeting in
London,' and he was there to confirm them.• It was true that
abolition had sustained a temporary defeat. Not; however; on
account of the badness of their cause, but on account of the
formidable interests arrayed against,them. The opinion which
the people of England, expressed in their favour was bold and
decided:. there was not one man' in the land who would say,'
that they were wrong in advocating the cause of the neo,ro.—
Various had been the causes assigned for their defeat. Some
say that. Lord Brougham was the cause. That nobleman was'
not solicited to take the lead in the House of Peers in favour of

the present movement to emancipate-the negro; for the friends •
of abolition _make no distinction of men •in the great object
which they have in view. Others, again, until:toted this tritt-
porary defeat to the great Irish agitator having. crone forward,
to,assiste but he would say of Mr: O'Connell what he had said •
of Lord Brougham—they knew no distinction of sect or patty's,
they were glad to receive the assistance of any man who would
see justice done to the negro.—(Cheers.) Their defeat, how-
ever, arose from no want of energy on their part ' • and he might,
truly assert, that no cause had ever before been honoured with •
the exercise of so much virtue; intelligence, end talent. What-
tilled that theatre, and brought together the great masses of perre
isle he saw before him ? Why, a feeling to see justice alene to the:
negro.—(Cheers.) The issue of their present meeting would not
be without its effect. on the• country and •both houses of parlia-
ment. It had been said, that while treating this subject, their,
mouths must be shut with respect to individuals. • He would
not, heiveyer, separate the dice. from the gamblers, 'the Siner-
from his sin, or the oppressor of humanity from the syste - e
tiltsupported; and he much marvelled that an individual ce -•
ed for his virtues and talents .(Mr. M`Neile) should, maintain
that we have no right to deal with individuals.—(Great cheering
and confusion,.in the midst of which Mr. M•Neile came for-
ward and attempted to he heard.)
The ',gavots interposed, and expressed his belief that the
cause they were •met to consider was murk too holy to be made
the source of tumultuous or personal conflict.,
Mr. M4NEILft wished to, set himself right from an uninten-
tional misrepresentation. ,Ile did not say, that they were not
to deal with individuals; but to dilate upon the .personal and
private motives of individuals ,was not the; hest way of serving
theta selorirms cause. (Cheers and confusion.) He yielded to
no man its England in a desire to carry- forward the views of the
meeting; but for the sake of the cause he would not enter into
the private feelings of individuals; nor would he attribute hypo--
criey to them in religion, and mercenary motives in their •con-
ducta (Cheers and confusion renewed.la - ' •
Mr, Scoata wished• only to deal with individuals in their
public character; but there was a passage of 'Scripture which
said,.' by their fraits ye shall know them." (Greet chnerine.),
use -colony of Demerara has been held up by the government ats
home, and by Mr.- Gladstone in the House of Commons, as a
perfect pattern of a colony, a here all was pure nannstunned snow.
Mr..Gsaistone bad said, that the-law of .114itiateGulana. e oh
reference to.the apprenticeship system, was the most complete
that had been passed by the colonial legislature, or sanctioned
by the crown. But the fact was, that the apprenticeship ordi-
nance there was mostslefective. •It contained none of the pro-
visione of the old:slave late, for exempting from hard labour
old, sick, es infirm Degroes, sus women in a state of pregnancy.
The old la w•entictedsthat. none. of those classes shoutttwork
more than thirty piece-hours a week:fur- thefr masters; but the.
ordinance of BeitieheGniana compelled: the negroes to work
forty-five hours per week., and contained no enactments rese
peering the (aridity of the labour. (Hear.) The imperial act.
says that the, planters who feed thenegroes with rations from-
their, own stores, shall haveferty-five hours of their labour pert
'week, but .the ordinance Of British Goiena-spreads,the forty-
five hours rovereheasix days of,the weeks arribon the, seventh
there is the Sunday market, which -the late .Sir James J. C.
Smyth setd was necessary,to enable the negro to make his mar-
kets. (Shame.) Theplanters there; before the Ist of August,
1833. met to draw up a tariff of labour, and- this:tariff exacted
74 -hours a da.y from the apprentice, asamich as •t he planter had
ever been, able to exact from the slave before-the passing of the
Imperial net, with the aid of the cart, whip, He assarted that
,the amount of labour exacted-from the slave was now quite as
much, as formerly.:. Mr. Gladstone attributed the erred increase
of.produce-inthe colony to the genial seasons since the passing
:of the slavery abolition act a hat the truth west, it was caused by
'the. tariff of lebenr, and nothing else. With respect to the
:quantity of. food, it,liti teen reduced about one half below the
tqaerantion in the slays of slavery, and upwards of 10,000 hail
lbeen.th row's. ()Debris parents for a requisite stmply of food. M r.• I
Scottie here referred. to the importation of Hill Coolies into:
13ritieli. Guiana from the East Indies. . If they looked through
elm- parliamentary, papers, they would find that two-pennyworth.
of rice would support a Hill Cooly, and the Guiana planters
'wanted .'to reduce the negro to the .level of the Ilindostan.
'(Shame.) Was it not lamentable to reflect:that men, who had,
-,acquired princely revenues through the sweat and toil of their-
' victims, should use their wealth i and- power for- the-purpose or
.oppressing and grinding, in every possible way the poor negro•
who.. had put them in possession old ? Did the people of Eng-
••land imagine: when they paid tor. the,freedom of the slave with,
2(1) tons of gold, that such a result would follow.? (No, and cries.'
of "shame.") The statements made. in the House of•Com-,1
mons by Mr., Gladstonehad been applauded trathe echo; but
if the honourable ..members of that. house had contented their
'own blue books, the parliamentarvaloeurnents, they Ocould have
that.- the punishments in British. Guiana exceeded those in. Ja- '
make_ by neayly. 11 per cent. , Mr. Gladstone, on the occasion
in question, stated that he did not indulge in exparte statements.
Neither were .the statements which he, Mr. S, made exparte.
The speaker here entered into eonte.details- respecting .. the
cruelties which he hadseen practised in Britieh.Guissna towards
females • of a brutal and liorrifeingnatu re. ,Women in the last
'lege -of pregnancy, and aged females, were compelled to work
like:athletic mete. In consequence of the treatment ~which the
women experienced, there.was great; moldable arnengst the-
children ; and rt far greater number diedunderthe present thati •
the former system The planter had franterly adife iuteaest in
the preservation of his human cattle a bat he is now actuated-by
other -motives, lie ( Mrs.Scoble)• had visited the sick houses,
accompanied by a special justice, . In one of these isouseshe
focal the, males lying on the bare floor, without food or light;
aria in innot her the stonier) were incarcerated, the :nest wretched
objects which it was peasible to conceive. In another house- he
found fifteen decesised inmates,- seven on raised boards, all of
whom were locked up, from morning to - night,amany of
them having contagious diseases. (Shame.) Their food was
five - or,six boiled plantains—no wine, no nourishment. He
ought. to tell them that the wine which was imported into the
colony for the use of the sick, duty free, always found its way
to the table of
,the planter: (Shames cheers, and laughter.)
Frauds of every kind were practised on the negro. In Ber bite,
he found that when the negroes :came to claim their little debts,
the.; were generally defrauded out of ono half of the-amount ;
for the plattter got their tickets in his hand for the presumed
purpose of having them ,examined, and he generally mulcted
them of one half, destroying, the ticket before their eyes, and
thus taking away their power of redress. If they did justice to
themselves as Englishmen, and to their country as a Christian'
dand, they would put down the power of the planter, and pre-
vent him from practising. his frauds on the poor negro-=they
would terminate the barbarities he had stated, and release suf-
fering humanity from the frightful evils he had described. Mr.
'Scottie resumed his seat amidst enthusiastic cheers from all
,parts of the theatre.
' Mr. M'lslattas with cordiality responded to the •wish of the
committee, that he should move the third resolution. " That
this Meeting consider the flagrant violations of the imperial net
of 1823. which are admitted by the noble lord the Secretary for
the Colonies to have occurred both in colonial statutes and in
the conduct of many of the planters, as again requiring them to
press the termination of a system so liable to perversion, and so
fraught with occasions of oppression; while the experience of
the colonies in which the full measure of freedom has' been en-
joyed, and the confidence of those proprietors who have or-
dered the liberation of their apprenticesaaabundantly prove the
propriety of the demand, since the negroes are prepared to ap-'
preciute and improve a state of perfect liberty." He need not-

attempt to add to the ,evidence that the imperial art had been
flagrantly violated. . .He would" refram twin making any anti
sion to th' past. He was in the habit of separating the sinner
front his sins, remembering Him wiei has, said. that " as far as
the east is from the west, so far fiath he removed our transizres-
,ions flout us.". We. are told that to speak against slavery in
;he abstract is to do nothing. Our opponents say. if it were
proved a question of. slavery or no slavery they could express
their disapprobation 'of
,the former; but as it is one of
compact involving the fidelity of the national. faith, they
are bound to abide by the compact. But every bargain has two
Sides. Wan has violated the national compact? Who has per-
petuated the .atrocious violations against. the letter and the spirit
of the imperial act? The planters-7not the nation. But it is
said that all the planters did not thus act. His answer was that
there are different degrees of guilt. Silence gives consent. 'A
charge of silence rests against every-one who does .not raise his
voice in this matter, and still more against those who apologise
for it. Those
.who were silent were particepes criminis as the,
lawyers • say—partakers of the crime. (!tear. bear..) . It, has,
been alleged that the male and female negroes.will not here-
after labour so as to render the estates productive. But why
was not this discovered before the payment of the, twenty mil-
lions? If the planters had sot up this plea originally—if they
had said. the compensation was not sufficient ;• but to receive
the compensation, .and to requite the labour as beforer7 what
Should,they say to that? They had heard of a merchant, not.
of
..Liverriol, or of Jamaica,. or of Guiana, hut of Ventre—(c4
laugh)—who was offered compensation; but what did he say ?
His reply. was . .

" If every ducat in six thousand ducats
Were in six parts, and every part a ducat,
I 'would not have it-4 would have my bond."

• • - •
(Loud cheers.) . But, to take the ducats, and then to refuse
compensation, was beyond the,c,onception even of Shakspeare.
(Protracted cheering.) The planters-ought not only to lose the
unexpired years,. but also the remaining unpaid share.olthe.
twenty millions. The rev, gentleman proceeded at great •length.
to deneunce slavery, hot our limits will not gerinit us even to
glance at the remainder of his speech, the close of which was
loudly applauded. •. , ,
The motion was seconded by Mr. BLACKBURN in a brief and
effective speech. .
The liev. DAVID KING, of Glasgow, proposed the next re-
solution t—" That this, meeting am rejoiced to learn that Sir
Eardly Wilmot has been so far restored to health as to place.
upon the books of the house notice of a motion, in which the
principle embodied in the petitions presented to parliamentis
fully recognized ; and they call upon their representatiyA,
whenever that .motion shall be brought forward, faithfully to
express by their vote, the sentiments so -strongly declared by a
large body of their constituents, who, casting aside every differ-
ence of-opinion on other triatteis, are unanimous to their
solemn purpose to rest satisfied with no enactment which fails to
'confer forthwith entire freedom on every negro. subject of the
;British empire."
The;,resolution was simply seconded by the ll.ev. Jamus
LISTER, (owing, to the lateness of the hour,) and carried nem.

H,
The next resolution was very. briefly proposed by the R. v.
Mr. Kelly, seconded by the Nev. Dr..RAFFLE,s; .it is as fol-.
lows:—"That the petition now rvad be sinned on behalf of this,
meeting by the Wosshipful the Mayor, .and that .Sir, Eardly
-Wilmot be respectfully requested to present the same to the
House nf. crn omox n." i •

.r.
The,petitfii in having been. read by the Town-clerk, ,the motion
was put and carried without any oppositiou. •
A vote of thanks to the Mayor was then moved, seconded,
and carried amidst loud
:applause. • ;.
M A von briefly returned thanks, and complimented the
auditors on the orderly.,aud,gond-humoured .manner iu .which
the. proceedings bad passed off.—The meeting ended at seven
o'clock. .

SECOND EDi PION.

Standard Office, Three o' Clock.

CORN EXCHANGE, TuEsDAT, Apßii. 21.

The supply of Wheat .and Oats since last Tuesday has been
limited, and but a small import of Flour and Oatmeal.

There was a large attendance of country buyers at this morn-
ing's market, and ajaiiannolint.of business transacted in Wheat.
at Id. to 2d..per Nibs. advance. There was.not.much passing
in Oats,' but some parcels of Oatmeal changed hands at 255. 6d,
to 255. 9d. per 2401b5.
Better prices were obtained for Flour than could have been
realiied last week with a good demand.

'The'lmports of Butter are 881 firkins ; for fine fresh old higher
prices have been obtained; 'for, the middling qualities the price
is nominal. No change in the value of Bacon.

AVERAGF
W lIP.AT, elf 7ft !bs. s el s d
Irish dried red 7 0 0 9 0
DO. dried white, 8 6 .. 9 0
.Do.undried new 7 0 .. 7 10
English 9 0 .. 9 9
Canada 0 0 .. 0• 0
OATS, V 45 lbs
• Irish ' 3 1 3 2
B ARLEY , -cir 60 lbs.
Irish grinding..

..3 10 4 1

ARKET—THREE O'CLOCK.
moderate to-day. The sales may be

THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

F. Porter & Co. On NVeanesany

A splendid ship, of 756 tons revister, intended. fur the East
India and Chinn trade, will hi, limns:buil flout the yard of W.
. _ . .

RHODODENDRON A itaolt EIISI. is at prPserH, in fu!l
bloom. at Whallev's Nurseries, near the Cattle-market, a most
splendid specimen of the Rhoti.iiboldron Arborenin klybrida.
The plant is about fifteen feet high, and covered with about
fifty niagnitk.ent blooms. It is wed, a oithy the inspection of
all lovers of plants.

GLASGOW, PAISLEY, AND GREENOCK RAILWAY.—By refer-
ence tri our advertising columns. it will be ,seen that this Rail-
way is about be cointrienced in several places, and we under-
stand that it.is the intention of the Directors to let their entire
line t summer, sous to have it completed, if possible, in the
autumn of 18.11), about yep.rs. Every thing is- preceedinit
favourably, and we are led to believe, that the works will be
finished for the estimates. The results of the different borings
and shafts which have been, sunk are highly satisfactory; and
.nii engineering difficulty has presented itself. BY some judici-
ouS alterations which have been- effected,. much- "heavy cutting
ancttWo tunnels are avoided. The company are now making
thitir purchases of land and houses, to enable contractors,who''
':undertake the works to commence their labour without delay.
—Greenock Advertiser, Ain it 19.
ZoominicaL GARDEN, r. Atkins, the,spirited prOprietor.
of, these gardens, has received the following presents, 'which,
;afford'a gratifying testimony to the .zeal atid attention.which ho
has uniformly manifested :—frtnn Capt. Hargreaves, Ship Duke
of:Lancaster, a male leopard, hyena, and adjutant; Captain
Hawilbia, ship Wolf's Cove, a
.ger falcon ; Capt. Bleastiaje,.
brig Tinewell, a gitan;.Capt. Cooper, ship Garrett, a-dog-laced'
baboon; Capt. Gilimat, ship Limit', a fine leopard; 'Capt.,
Hannay, ship Eupt3iitt,es,,att Indian buffalo; Capt. Herbert,
•ship Delia, a pair of nutras; Capt. Jone;, barque Lavinia. a.
tiraco; Capt. Nicol, brig William' Ackers, a peccary; Wil -
Liam Brown, Esq., Richmond-hill. an AMerican deer; Y, M.,
Watson, Esq:, of. Demetarai a splendid 'maccaw ; R. Wat--
ion, Esq., of Dernerara, 'several , specimens' of natural
hiqt,o-y ; ft. 'ruiner, Esq , of Boiribay, a pair'of leopards; .Capt,
Bisphani, ;hip Sandbach, seyeral.MuScovy ducks and tortoises;
Daniels,Esq„ .Lord-street, a black squirrel and monkey;.
Mr. j..Winnian, brig Formidable, a iiionkev LI A" Slop,.
Salishury-street, a bald eagle; = Elliott, Esq., Park-lane;
ait aoinitii; A. Ross; Esq.,. of the CustomS, a monkey; John
Van 'Geller, Esq , seven red-legged partridges; 'Mr. Lott, chief
citneer 'of the Euphrates,' a -Persian. cat ; Capt. Polleck, ship
Consbrook,'a red deer; Capt. Spence, -ship Leanora, a large
boa 'serpent.
PA.Nipit A M A.This most interesting exhibition is on the eve
• •
of closing. We have so often inentioned it in terms of praise,
that we can only repeat that we recommend all persons to pay
if a Visa. Thn.,; will receive their money's worth in inforina-
tion and entertainrnerit„

WRECK, OF THE A..rit ABASKA.,,A very neatly executed chart
has„ just. appeared of the West. Boyle Bank, on .which .the
above unfortunate vessel was wrecked.on Tuesday last. „From
the:excitement tbat now prevails, npi'm the.sultject, it will be
'found useful in ,exploitation of Capt. Denhant's report:. The
,c-hart mai' he considered authentic, as it has. been drawn.frotn
. that laid limn by Capt. Denham before the Dock Trustees. •
EXECUTION OF WILLIAM .man, whom a.jury
pronounced,giiiity of the morder of. Betts Minsbull at Warring-
ton, was, executed outside the wall, at Kirkilale,ga,vl on Satur-
I day last.- , • .

„.
MIRK OA LE EASTER SESSIONS.—These sessions commenced
'on Thursday 1 ist before the Rev. Jonathan Brooks,.chairmani
and a numerous bench of magistrates. The calendar contained
the names of 49 prisoners,. /bin Johnson (aged 11). and Thomas
Johnson (aged 10) pleaded guilty to ,a charge of stealing 16s in
silver, a quantity of bread and cheese,. and. various other articles,
the propertyof Mr. Win. Seddon, a shopkeeper residing at La-
tham, near Ormskirk. The prosecutor prayed the-mercy of the
court. believing that the children were.in a state, of• starvation
at the time they committed, the. offence.. , .The chairman after
severely reprimanding the fatherof the children, sentenced them
to 14 days imprisonment. John ,Heyes,(l3) and. Robert Ambrose
(18) were sentenced to 2.,months imprisonment for steatitic,
ducks, frien John Robinson,. and Charles Pownall, at Halewood”.
Peter. Dumbell (I 6) and Henry Travis (16) were also sentenced
to 2months imprisonment, for stealing poultry, the property of
1. Margaret Eddlestott, of Knowsley. John Glover-.(2G)-William
: Riding (22). pleaderiguilty to robbing the hen-roosts of Thomas
,' Riding and James,Frodsham, at Crouton, and were sentenced
1 to 4;monthnimprisoninent.. • Geurge.Dyson (20) pleaded guilty-
:to having broken into, the premises of Mr: Chas. Monks,n shop-
keeper,:residing at Prescot, and with ,havingstolen,a, quantity
of razors, knives, &c. -Several witnesses were called to character,
amongst whom was the prisoner's:late master, who- stated that
the prisoner's character was unimpeachable, whilst be was in his
employ; but on reference.to the " black book" it appeared he
had pieviously suffered an imprisonment of six weeks in Kirk'
dale.- .He was sentenced to 12 months-imprisonment., Thos.
' Brownbill, charged with the same offence, was acquitted. Hen:
Sixsmiths was sentenced to 4 months imprisonment, for stealing
4 horse sloths, the. property of Richard Green. of ,Ashton-in-
Mackerlield. James Wadsworth (18) Noah. Binton.(l7) and
. JamesWainwrightr([7) pleaded guilty tobaving stolentwo sheets,
the_property of Miss lfigg, of Warrington, and were sentenced
to 3,months imprisonment. Margaret Doyle, (23) .the wife of a
labourer residing at Sutton, pleaded guilty to stealing a basket of
coals from the Runcorn Gap Railway Co., .and was sentenced
to 2 months imprisonment. , ... . . •
_MR. SAMUEL HOLIVIE.—We understand that a fine portrait
of this gentleman, .painted by. Mr. Illidge, has been presented
to him by several members of the Conservative Association as
a .mark. of their respect for his character, and of gratitude for
his exertions in the good cause:. The portrait: may he seen at
Mr.lacey's Repository of Arts, 61, Bold-street,-for a few. days.
• The beautiful domain of Bromley Hill, which .during the
long period 'of forty years the late Lord Farnsborough was con-
tinually Upproving and adorning, has descended (by the will of
the late peer) to his nephew', Colonel Long,whose first. lady
was daughter of the present Earl of Derby, and sister to Lind
Stanley. .
OPENING OF THE KING'S DOCK..—The King's Dock will,
we understand, be opened for the reception of, shipping on the
first of May. The. Dock has been deepened, and several other
improvements made of practical utility. The. shipping which
frequent the upper .docks will experience the benefit of this
arrangement.

A Bony Pourin.--,-On Thursday last, an inquest was held on
the body of a man, name unknown; who was found drowned by
a number of fishermen near the North Bank. From an inspection
of. the body, he did not appear to have been dead more than a
day or two. In his pockets were found a knife and a'comb. He
was a. good sized man and rather stout, and wore a brown jacket
and trowsers. This poor fellow, no doubt, is one of the crew of
the unhappy ship that foundered during the gale of Tuesday
outside of the port.
ZootontcA GARDENS.—These beautiful gardens are now,
becoming most delight fol and pleasant. The smiling face of spring
is showing itself in all parts of this establishment. Active pre-
parations are now making to carry on the forthcoming season
with great eclat and effect. A large pond is in course of con-
struction, 'for the purpose of erecting a " Mount Vesuvius" on
the same splendid scale as that in the Zoological Gardens in
Surrey M. Danson, the artist. is engaged to produce this
extraordinary exhibition. The Derby Hotel, at the entrance
of the gardens, is nearly completed, and will, afford an accom-
modation which has been long required in that neighbOtithood.
We feel confident, under the clever management of Mi. and
Mrs. Leonard; it will he one of the first and most: comfortable
establishments out of Liverpool. The gatden4 in future, we are
glad to learn, are now open'on the Sunday after service hours
this'fnrms an agreeable amusement for many hundreds who are
unable during -the week to avail themselves' of so cheap and
pleasant a recreation.

Madame Filipowitz, the .celebrated.violinist,,is now in Liver-
pool, and intends to give a Concert. in the course of:a few days:
The 'musical „talent .which this lady.. possesses was.first .culti-
vated as an amusement, in the happy days of leisure and 'tau,
ence, and is now most laudably employed as. the means of sup,
potting. her. family, which has been expatriated and ruined in
the late attempt to ,establish the independence of Poland;' her na-
native country. Madame E. lia,z had the honour of performing be,
• fore her Majesty,and at the Philharmonic Concerts; and we are
assured, by gentlemen of this. town;:both amateuraand professors,
that .to a highly refined taste she.unites the most, brilliant. exr,,
(anion, with the still greater charm of that expression of feeling
and sentiment which so eminently distinguishes the great Mas,
ter of the ,Art—Speer, of wham...she was - a favourite pupil;
The real- lovers of Music. mill ~thus .be afforded a 'treat of the
highest order, whilst sympathising in_ her inis.tortunes; and we
i- cannot, doubt but that .the most distinguished patronage and
I support will reward her talents.and her virtues.

Importo.

MEDITERRANEAN._

Fire Fly, (144) W Ellf,tefe,• from Srnyrnii, 1112 drnms fruit. Rath-
bone BrAlters and, co-46 bags yellow, berries, 235 bales madder roots,
35 tot, valonia, 19 eases guius, 459 drums fruit. order—S I)
-CorneliusA 1791 ltetts, from Smyttia; 6 ''eaSks' and 33 tons emery
stones, 67,snelis yellow. berries, 444 bales madder roots;'order—about
tons boxwood, R F Breed And co—S
