THE LIVERPOOL ANNUITANT SOCIETY.

On Friday last,. the annual dinner of the above most
cellent society took place at the hotel of Mr: Fairclough, at
Wavertree. l'he spacious ball-room was fitted up for the oc-
casion, and about fifty members sat down to a splendid repast.
Oa this latter subject it is impossible for us to bestow too much
praise. The supply of viands was most bountiful, and they
were as various in kind as excellent in quality, embracing every
delicacy that could be desired. The cookery was of the best
description, and the whole of the arrangements, from the com-
mencement to the conclusion of the banquet, were such as to
reflect the highest credit on the taste and skill of the worthy
host and hostess. Indeed, when we consider the smallness of

the price paid for the entertainment; we are compelled to gi.e
Mr. and Mrs. Fairclough credit for having evinced in their
liberality much good feeling towards the excellent society whose
members had met under their roof. So highly were all parties,
satisfied that an unanimous vote of thanks was passed to the
host and hostess for the handsome entt rtainmen 1. which they had
furnished. •

It gives us sincere pleasure to notice the increasing prosperity
of this admirable society. While other institutions which have
been founded.with objects nearly sUniiar have, after a short and
languishing existence, entirely failed and sunk into oblivion;
this socii ty, from its excellent organization, and the admirable
manner in which it has been conducted, has gradually increased
in wealth, and advanced steadily, year after year, towards the
acme of prosperity. It was instituted on the first day of June.
1800, and, from the period when its practical benefits were first
experienced down to the present, its career has been one of
success. Not only have the designs of its first promoters been.
realised in the good expected to flow from it, but it has not'-
nearly arrived at thr.' height of permanent security which they
dared remotely to anticipate, and which will render its benefits
more extensive, a hile the society itself will be placed on a base
of firmness and stability which, under ordinary circurustancr,
cannot be shaken.
The society was founded for the purpose of affording annuities
to the widows of deceased members, and to such members as
become aged. The society is thus constituted :—Each member
pays a certain small sum, according to his age, as entrance
money, and alter his eurotment he pays a further annual sub-'
scription. So long as the funds of the society are under
£lO,OOO, the subscriptions of the members are regulated wittun
a certain limited amount, but. when the funds reach £lO,OOO the
subscription is fixed to he a proportionably smaller surd Ita-
luridly. The funds, we are happy W say, amount at this moment
to very nearly the maximum above-named, and it is expected
that iu it'very short period the sum in the hands of the treasurer
will he upwards of £141,000. The beneficial workings of the
society have, in the course of the last thirty years been abun-
dantTy proved. The amount of good done may he gathered
from the fact that the society has at present forty widows and
twenty-four aged members participating in its benefits. The
former recei.e annuities of £2O per annum each, and the latter
annuities of £lO per annum.. If, with all the struggles incident
to its early-development, and with a fund which, though con-
tinually increasing. was yet below the maximum, the society has
been so useful, what may we not expect from it during the next-
thirty years, with a more perfected organisation, deterniinhte
funds, and increased resources? Its prosperity has, up to the
present period, been commensurate with its merits, and there is
little dount but it will live through a long career of utility.
To those who may wish, at a small cost, to make a provision
for their wives in the event of accident to themselyej. or, WO
desire to secure a small annuity to guard against want in old
age, this society offers advantage's. It is certainly the duty of
every man to secure those Who are dear to him from want, and
we know of no easier mode of doing this than that of becoming
a member of the Liverpool Annuitant Society.—Courier.

LORD BROUGHAM TURNED UUCTitit ft—Lord Brougham has
recently been delighting immense crowds at Exeter by his
speeches on the horrots.of slavery: and that passage of his a hick,
relates that "Wounds created by the manacles of the cruel Mas-
ter, will he effectually
.removed and cured by an Unctuous appli-
ance from this country," evidently points to that celebrated pre-
paration, Hollnivay's Universal Ointment,—so wonder-
fully efficacious in Wounrla of all kinds, Burns; Gout, Rheurna-,
titni, Cancer, Scrofula, . Paralysis, Glandular Comrilaints,
&c.: and therefore must appropriate us a relief fur oppressed
Negroes, "smarting be,neath th,e lash."

METHontst CoNFE,RENCE.—It .had pow been fully settled
that the next Wesleyan Association Conference will be 1.,e1d. at
Rochdale, at the latter end of July, or the beginning of August.
The foundation stones of the Clreenoci, Paisley, 'and Glasgow
Railway, and of an extensive corion factory, iverct laid iu
Greenock with masonic honoufron Frolay,—Scuttidi Guardian.
It is said that His Royal Highness the Duke tle-Nemonrs will
be the bearer of a superb bouquet its diamon.ts, valued at
1,000,000 fr, as an offering from Louis Philip to Queen Victoria.
. Mr. Woulfe is to. be appointed Lord Chief Baron of Ireland.
—felorniny.Chronicle.
~
. Some fields of ciciver gt4ss in theitimediate vicinity of I'erth,
have within these few dais, been sold at from £2O to .E. 30 per
acre.

----- • •
AEttoNAfiTib AQUATICS.-•-•An aeronautof the name of Hamp-
ton made 4u ascent Iron' Gravesend on Thursday, which might.
have had unfortunate consequences. The balloon had net suf-
titient power to admit of his occupying the car wh:Cli had iteen
intended for his aerial voyage, he ascended itt a smail tiasket,
and was, soon out of sight in the region of eiouds:
pealing, east of Milton, the balloon wa, descendinA very
rapidly, and seemed blown out of shale, as it' Haw:, ..r I tie gas
must have been liberated. It was soi4l seen to have landed
on
the water, luckily for the neettpaut; toni:idering the rate at
which it had made its descent. After having been thaw() iu its
wake more than a mile (in no very pleasant predicament, we
imagine being tied in the basket), the enterprising isky-sailor
was taken up by a barge, and landed, Cafe and sound, except=
ing a bruise on one urn. It is remarkable that he had broken`
his aria a first as,int,' this being the second!

.. •
,
.
.
, . ,
4- ... THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD. •
, _____ . -- ----- --- - ___
lacettp. I which is vile, mean, and contemptible ; discarding ho- with a Welsh labourer, who knew a little about English, and he ! CELEBRATION OF TIIE CORON A ?lON AT 'Horn DA LE..-A
. I nesty as an incumbrance, and rejectinse patriotism as a explained to us our route, that a about a mile further we should meeting. of the inhabitants of the borough of Rochdale was held Emporto.
_____,. i , • •
1 p..rnicious and fatal delusion. Compounded of various la,
or,rvivne at a trammed which led to the slate quarries, and by ful- on Wednesday evening last, in the Commissioners' Room, to
_____ - _. -- __ - -„,,,,..---.
LOVE AND MADNESS 1 elemente, all .rnediocritons -of their kind, the antiquated i 1 g that we shnuld (yet to within a mile of Llanli;o•ris. trke into consideratioti measures to be adopted for the celebra- II
EAST INDIES, CAPE OF GOOD ROPE, Nc,
,I Whilst talkine to us, two fetninines of his household. and several tion of the day appointed for the coronation a her Majesty ; and
-- -.
. ! reprobate, the puny spouter, the bungling statist, the i eta ldrea crowded round us, and appeared to reaard us as great Mr. Benjamin Ileape, chief constable, Iti the chair. A resolu. John Campbell, (414) W Paton, from Bombay, with 385 bls eOtian'
Alas,ghey Ilea bean friend: ia vonth,
It ptaghisperine tongues van peison truth, snoozing secretary, the dandy diplomatist, are all pecked . curiosities. We billowed his diretaions, and the path road in lain -was passed. recommending the day to be kept as a holiday ;
, , Forties. Forbes and co-155 do, J and W Owens-20 do, J
.Gernock- .r,
And constaney liaes in re'aliiie above, together in one common union of insignificance, like which we were, led us to the Oath read he had spoken of. Oa and it aas also agreed, t hat there shotdd be a pimcession„ wine. a 23 do, T Smith-la do. U Kine-a 3 do, i: ockerell and co-138a his and '
And life is thorny, nett youth is vein, worthless'and inflammatory pamphlets bound up in one arriving there, we !'ound a lane, or narrow high road, in excel- the different trades and societies vs'ere requested to-juin. On- 36 hi les do. order-3 chi, Nankai silk .1 (.4 Frith-1 parcel books,
And to he wroth With one we love, , lent repair, rooming nearly parallel with the trammed, and the (lay following there is to be a public ball, the proceeds of Thompson, Anderson'and c. o-32 chts obbanum, 38 bells deer horns, Ili
Doth work like madness in the brain. gross volume, and reposing on a bookshelf, valuable only 4122 ligs sugar, order-P D July
. COLERIDGE'S CHRISTABEL. to make a show, or poison an unhappy moth or two. which passed through a beautiful avenue of low trees. We which are to be given to the Rochdale Dispensary. A numerous AFRICA
• here endeavoured to come to terms with a hoy with' a cart to caininittee was aepointed to carry these resolutions into effect. Admiral Benbow, (02) J Harvey, fro.in Sieira Leone, 421 logs teak W
To bed, but not to slumbe-r, he retired, And yet such puerile lumber has the means of doing give us - a lift," both of us beginning to feel tired after our up •rhe Rev. Mr. Heaviside then said, that he could not allow the timber, Geldsiiiiih and Websier....:l9l tons canmodd, F a Langley-
Di
And ere the morning sun with golden ray, harm. Our Whigs are not without malevolence. All and down hill walk of six or seven miles, but he was not going meeting to separate Without suggesting the propriety of coin- B D
. I
dti.-0-. E, .
(1, Sion rt
eßs lad,
r‘ .70b D: L • eh et
Had kiss'd the bills the boy awoke„-to what ?
, . , ..
(rood has forsaken them, and evil only dwells in their our way. A kind of road side cottage, with a small sign ov.er memorating the day by some work of charity, which woulicsleduo
, .
Balrrtlo,ttini.,,,(2lL9)
ain't
,Doi_xoi7o CI
the door, which announced in English, that beer was iicen4ed credit to the town, and be a lastinz benefit to the people. Ile ds'ioELs ,81,y;
ri
Othtm26aBn_b
idos
d3o,t ejs
.v‘eui
leas
oro, f a
(.1,
to,
To madness; the- infitriate demon that purposes. But a mighty body of hale and lusty Consti- to be drunk on the premises, stood ievitingly open, and in we thought that all parties could Conscientiously join to ra
Had furtive come, and reason stole away. tutionalists are springing up to crush them. gvery day walked. We found every thing in the interior beautifully clean, fund for the erection of a building for a dispensary, which was -12 do, J 0 Oughterson-11 brls do, 7
_pkgs -tamarinds, 9 pkgs ar- Jo
But who is he, with solemnstep, and slow, Mary Hartley, (408) W Jones, from Antigua 4191Mds a 4 tees suarar Pt
and every election demonstrates how tottering are their
u w and I' Shiind-15 hhds sue
and the polished brass and tin cooking utensils, &c., arranged much wanted in the town. This euggeetion was eagei ly adopt- rowroot. 29 ekes succades,tec. order-Q 1) Gt
'Fhat softly treads the chamber of despair ? official stools beneath them. We have this week achieved in such apple pie order, as surpassed even English housewifery ed, and 050 was subscribed by the gentlemen present. A ....
The good Samaritan; to pour the wine juEnwa...,r4-. hhicar st
c c!:t1.- co-33. hhd; 14,''
tidiness ot the better class of poor people, but infinitely sar- committee of twelve persons was immediately appointed for the
And oilaour wounds to heal, with tender care. two triumphs, calculated to impart additional untsasiness . s • s gar, 30 puns molasses, C Tura', sugar,Trustees It(
assing the class of English labourer's cottages. " The good purpose of procuting subscriptions. The stun intended to be
Pity is on his brow, bat hope is banished there. to the " ministerial benches." Nlaidstona and Linlith- P diTurner-10 bhds sugar, G Morrison-1 brl do, 2 boxes arrowroot. 3 CI
woman of the house" was ironing, and with the utmost alacrity raised is £lOOO. On Saturday. last the money subscribed packages sundries, order-P D 1,17
And days-roll'dn'er the youth, and if he slept, goW, have both returned 'their writs accompanied by con- she cleared her table, and set two three legged stools for us of amounted to £675, and many of the respectable par tof the Isis. (298) J Graham. from Kino,ston, Jamaica, 47 tees 37 hrls 1 cask Je
He dreamt of her alone, his lady love,. .servative representatives. bleached
:whiteness, and supplying us with the only liquor her inhabitants have still to be waited upon.-Manchester Guardian. Ihf brl coffee, A Hoyes-1 big sugar, 1 Mg coffee. R Preston-2.S
So coy end gentle, whom he oft had sung The miserable ruse by which Mr. Vector, the success- house afforded, some very indifferent draft porter, we-made our- ARRIVAL. OF THE. WRIT OF POSSESSION AT HORNBY CAS- tees 2 brls 5t1,11%
lilldS su.,,,ar, 62 tces 32 bids 2 casks Ihf brl coffee__, J Adams-7 hhds 28 J„
, 152 tees 18 brls 2 Casks coffee, Tory. Holt and c 50 - -
His. boyish rhymes in praise of, and had strung fill candidate foi Maidstone was driven from the house selves comfortable as lords, enjoying our "otinm cum dignitate" gaa.-Yesterdav, Mr. John Higigin, attorney for Adiniral Ta.: Liv.,
toes do, Buchanan and Browne-28 tees 3 brls 2 casks do, J Hall and a.,„,
His' lute in happier hours, when hope and love were in high perfection. Our hostess understood very few words of a 1 T 7 ;
hi in Ift Lam - tst ,r in a carriage and four for Hornby Castle, co-20 tees do, J 0 Nieholson-12 tees do. C riorSfall, Son and co- "‘",' '
by a late committee, has terminated in his victorious re- ,ari
young. th t•. d b h a' e 'L'
. C -
gis,sot at we converse loge er unres raine y er pre-
En I. h h - d 43 tees 3 brls do, Jones, Mann and co-G tees do, 'l' Robinson-11 1,, ‘
accompanied by Al r. Gorst, of the clerk of the peace's office,
• • •
return by a majority stieh as might well appal his whig sence. she amusing herself with a very fine child, whilst we oceu- . • tees do, J M Wooil-4 tees 5 Inas do. J Derham -12 tees 3 brls do, tiro
On one dear name his words for ever hung : , d • - f • 'l'h • •t • • '
and arme wlth the writ o possession. e gieates secrets, -
-opponent. Linlithgow has aleb nobly vindicated itself pied her-table. We could not here helo remarking, on the delicate coulston and co-8 tees do .1 Fannin-16 tees do' Robinson & Girvin w
"My lire,. my love, come near me," he wonld cry ; . , , was maintained on the subject, with a view to prevent unneces-
_2O K I ' ' 1 ' . . " -' '
brls do, ers, nrie an( co-3 tees 8 brls 1 cask do Flurhell and Ana
"My own beloyed surely will nut be .by its election of Mr. Hope. In the latter contest it is softness of complexion, and beautiful large, brilliant, soft, ex- sary excitement ; and in return a promise was made by Mr. eo-20 hdids sugar. 10 tees coffee, Stewart and Westin.orland-3 tees - .
R. I
Flrst in, adiereity away to flee,
._ essive eves of our hostess We had remarked the sanre kind
obvious there was no hope for the whig:s. On all occa- Pr ' - • ' Wright's professional advisers,. that every t hing should he 2 lirls coffee, W ilson and Derbyshire-1G tons Nicaragua wood 10 tons Mar
And leave the world to madness and to me." sions, indeed, where the- sense of the people has been of fine eve in the other Welsh women we had seen. There is found in a state of order add regularity at the Castle. Admiral biewood, 13 eases 18 kegs suceades, i ease pickles 36 hags pimento, strei
a deadness or want of expression in the eyes of the generality of T •H It 1 ' t le•d 34 t' • ', Jld 6'
or 3 , o ant co-.) ons 0,,,w oo , , ms arrow mot. , ails- a staej
. WILLIAM GRAHAM. taken of late, the ministers have been sorely repulsed. En r h fh I - .1 .• ;11 • 1 -:*th '
ag, is..wnmen, o t e ower c ass espec.a y, as compare( tit uesdav
Fathom will, we hear, make his entry into 'Hot nby on T
- tins arrowroot, J 0 Nicholson-65 hh(ls 28 puns ruin, It Bout-. and co . bio,
London, Jima 11th, 1838. next accompanied by- his fl iends, on which occasion the castle
_1 case British returned goods, J B Yates and co-1 do, T Peake-
- But they still persist in the cuckoo cry:, " l'here is no the eyes of Welsh women, which we frequently remarked. And will Lecorn f
e a scene o great hospitality and rejoicing.- Lances- I box pearls, web
Gibbs, Bright and co-1 case saccades, 1 box arrow • law
--......---. bulk of the lower class
reaction." What greater evidence they would have of coming from Liverpool, where the great ter Guardian. root, W Wedlock 6 packages suceadas, Sze. T WilsOrt
THE UNWILLING BRIDE. reaction than the summary rejection of- nearly every /1.- are Irish, with sharp Coarse features-almost universally sharp .Stoi
Since • • h fi l• • h • d
going to press wit our rst et ition, we ave receive SOUTH AMERICA. . toy.
. .
,- ointed pug noses, immencely capacious mouths, thin lips,
beral candidate, we know not ; sinless it be the absolute . the following communication :- Ann and Mary, ;211) J Wilson, from Valparaiso, 663 bls wool, order -II
They kneel !mend the altar, the organ ham ceased, Freckle 1,• fl 1 • d 11 . kl" .1 .
.d red sains, at or no c tins, an sma twin ing Atte • • -4 do C Tayleure and co-255 (10, 1584 bgs'saltpetre, A Gibbs and Bri,
The hands of the lovers are joined by the Priest ; -dismissal of such a crew of helpless and ignominirins i . l• .1 hb t ' ' •h• fl - f h• t the t.r
eyes ive v enouo, , u expressive c. le yo w a y(- tn liortsinv, Friday Evening.-The sheriff's warrant for deli- ._ •
Sons-Q D 8, '
That bond which death only can:sever again, dullards from any share in legislation altogether. If this " blarney,'" or in plain English-, that they are deceiving You vering possession to Admiral Tatham, of the Castle Honor and
Pearl, (155) P Masters. from Tobasco, 133 tons logwood, 31bris- ban
Which proves ever aftee life's blessing or bane. be their standard they will soon be convinced of a reac- and not telling. the truth-coinpared with these the soft •
delicate Manor of Hornbv, and the lands and premises belongin,g Indio rubber, 97 bales sarsaparilla, 21 dry hides, 1 case contents un- mar
A bridal like this is a sorrowful sight, tion even by such signs ; and greatly will rejoice our re- complexions and frequently
• finely moulded featuree and laree thereto, arrived here by the sheriff's officer early this morning. known, Watson Brothers and co-G D
' • '' The admiral's professional adviser, along with several of his UNITED STATES. . To I
See, -the pale girl is bride to the feeble old knight. • full bright eves of the Welsh women, beaming with sentiment .
viving nation at such an event. That it mite' be Teeth* e. • - ,• friends, arrived in carriages about -eleven o'clock in the fore-
Again the bells ring, and the moment is come • aud „aiety, some Imes Mary Howland, (559) S Vt'eare, from New Orleans, with 1977 lea y
and permanent ie the-prayer of every true patriot, and or , " Darkly, deeply, beautifully blue " noon. They were greeted with loud cheering at various stages cotton, Jevons, Sons and co-W D ---V
Pot theyoung"beart's worst trial, the last look of home. e of thoir journey, and the bells of Hornby Church immediately Frances Ann, (503) II S Soule, from New Orleans. 1158 ble cotton, De,
every English heart in the three kingdoms. l‘lay thee h
-ut more freqnently black as sloes, were indeed' a treat to 100. •
They passtroin the village, how eagerly still commenced a hearty peal. It was forthwith announced, that FDe Lizardi and co-480 do, Purton, Parker and co-27 do, order- SI.
She turns and•looks back from the brow of the hill; • ' ' -then be as long exiled from place, as Britain will feel the upon. The Welsh women have the reputation of being more 15 do, Master-W D diti
• possession of the castle and manor would he taken at twelve
She sees the white cottage-the garden- she Made, evil and venal effects of their hateful policy. constant in their affections, as well as more deep in their , Resolution, (392) R Carter, from Savannah, 1217 bls cotton, Moly- yea
o clock, and at that hour two barrels of ale were planted in the w.
it:nd'she :thinks Of lierlover; abandored--- bet ray'd. hatred than the rest of her Majesty's fair subjects. %Ve could
hall. Mapy hundreds of the villagers of Hornby and inhabi- h b 1 18 d - d P D
neux. it er y anc co- o, or er- --a
•• • •• A' 6 • • the love of beings with eyes so beautifully expressive;
imagine Majestic, (370) G F Mustard, from Mobile, 1300 bls cotton, Baring ma
lint who, with arms fOlded, hath linger'd so long, . tants of the surrounding town:hips were assembled. The first Bros and co-Q, D
'l.i) watch the:Procession, apart from the throeg; A PEDESTRIAN TOUR THROUGH NORTH WALES. to be indeed
"A lovely, and yet a. fearful thing," glass, be sure, was devoted to drinking " Health and long life Paragon, (408) M Doyle, from a......
Mobile, 1163 bls cotton, Wainwright, -a-
-' ris he, the forsaken,,---t he false one is gone,- No. 11. - o Adm. 4
and that they would almost redeem the universal character of t. ir 1 Tatham"' This was the sional for deafening cheer- •-• ,
sheds grid eo-19 do, Phelps, James Sz co-10 do, T ii,:d J 0 Thornely
: • •''' • , a e -14 lg ends mahogany, Exportation Q D
He turns to his desolate dwelling alone; mg, and for ope ot the most enthusiastic bursts co.respectiul
the sex for inconstancy: We could not help remarkine fre- Harriett, (e 75) W Coilins, from Apalachicola 8714 bls cottorealoly-
But, happiet there than the doom that awaits Having fully'sated our curiosity with the Menai Bridge, and ,• , , • • . 'i,ar i h feeling towards the admiral a,nd all his friends that it is possible
otuentiv in toe course tit our tour that it was singuiar the e s nenx, Wither-hy• and co-40 do. Stevenson and 'Martin-a do Bariag
The bride, who must smile on the belng she hates. examined the stupendous strength of the fastenings of the sus- -.- . • - to couceive. Three times three cheers were followed by "one Bros and co-W D ' Bir
women should be so generally pretty, whilst the men were as . , ,
----easee--- . pension chains, we proeeeded through lhe toll gate to the Ban-
oenerally ordinary-looking stunted fellows, such as it would be cheer more," repeated so frequently, and with such hearty Marion, (320) L D Spaldin,g, from Apalachicola, 606 Ids cotton, W
Bir
CORONATION SONG. gor side; passing asmall public-house, round the door of which difficult -to meet with, amongst the same class in England. goodwill, that the rafters dirled again." The. health of Mr. and J Brown and co-50 do, T W Smith and coo-01a09 do; Molvienx,
80l
,were several ‘-'' like/est" hunters on the look out for travellers, Dawson of Marshfield, was then drunk, with similar demon- WI
it
iheehr
al iii,:i rvi
idd ce
ros-010 Ido , . Baring Bros and co-1 .d , order- V D
Chi
Havin ' d • ta I I h 11 '
g arrive at a convenient res mg p ace. s a reserve . . , n, (a 97) Tlaucas, from Charleston, 114 ails cotton,'
with baskets of spar from Snowdon, &c. We had not sauntered h • strations of respectful enthusiasm. It was then suggested to Du
BY CHARLES KENWOR TH Y. f • l• f No 3.
t e resumption o our trave sor . II Mure and co-60 do, W Sttiart-55 do, B Smith and Sons-12 do, J
t far, inlending to ascend some low hills before us to have a more 1% C. F. the assembly, •by Mr. Dawson's butler, that another barrel of c alder-648 do, order-21950 bus ro rice, 3000. cane reeds, C R Siinp- Ea!
The Lily of Englaed, the Queen-Lily fair, i extended,: view of, the surrounding country, when one of • - the "harley bree" would be afterwards tapped at the village son-P 0 • , - . Edi
1 the frefOre.'mentioned group, who was lame and .walked with . cross; and the principal portion of the company shortly after- Frederick, (467) M Fleming, from Baltimore, 748abis catten, R L
Now reigns in the hearts of her subjects enthroned? a crutch, and-who had evidently satisfied himself that we weree - TREVILLION. witrds proceeded to the village, which was one scene of merry Dawson and co-16 do, Collmann and co-200 do, WHGI .
lhatte-37
No roseflower so rich in the-royal parterre; CI
fair fietd for exercising hisavocation upon„ limped after us.with , o IC d fl•h fl t'l It h L t -do W and JB w and co-41 do, Freelm and "
do, G Peabody 40 , ro n g (1.
-There she smiles still diffusing wild fragrance around. ny THE suTtiott OF ' ItENtiNtscENctis °a a seosrliLY NURSE. ma mg an peace u c eer u ness un ia a e our.- micas er
Goshen-113 do, 58 cks quer bark, Wildes, Pickersgill and eo-50bris `-' d
'great haste. •-At this time we had entered a pasture fiala, and - , ' Guardian.
To Epgland's fair 'Lily, in youth's lovely spring, - turpentine, 1 brl sassafras. It L Dawson and co-4 lids 300 cks chrome , ,
- were leisurery• crossing it,. my friend botanizing hy the:way, t
Let the flowers their allegiance in fresh garlands bring ! (From the Sunbeam.) - I `;"
when Up came the lame Welshman as fast as his crutch Could " Where are You going to, daughter Alice ?" said Mrs. Wil- son-1 cse cigars, II Rozenthal-12 Ines earomate iron, order-1 ck j l'irut
The Day-star of Albion, in life's joyful morn, carry him, and with most vigorous limps. At first we were ap- Haim, rising up 'from her great arm-chair, to intercept the pas- ' ;:-.l)ipping kntctiigenct. hams, Moore and M'Creight-SO•planks, Mester-N. D
Ariseth reipleadent on realms: now her right; prehensive that we were trespassing in the field, and that he sage of the pale but beautiful woman who was rushingfrom the Sheffield, (564) E P Allen,- from New. York, 15 cases enntents un- ! Lai
With"virtue and grace her high sphere to- adorn, known, II Ames and co-1 do, F Green-1 do. Ewart, Myers and co- ' Lla
was coming uticerernonionsly to tell us tu " cut Our sticks," hut ere,ren„e _nee_
She she,ds o'er the entpire her chaste, cheering light. ' vrere agreetthly•surprised by his information that "he should '" 1 must go and seek my boy myself, mother; something fatal TUESDAY, JUNE 19.-Wind W. Fair. 7 do, E Frodsham-5 r do, order-4 do, T and J Sands-and coa-1 dot I:
Shaw, Vance and co-1 do, Wal and F Dmican-564 bales cotton, I
Thar siar, fettled Yin-0(1U !we greet with fond joy, ahow us-a very fine view if we would allow him*" We accord- Loa
(*Venue -on eatill fair as her of-the sky. must have happened to him ; never before was he out su late as Artelyera-Majestic. mustard, front Mohile-Prederick, Fleming, order-6.2 do, Jones W al'Bride and co-49 do, Collmann sod Stolter-
ingly- agreed to let him be our guide, and retracing our steps,
- this; prat,. let me go, or my head will grow had again. from Baltimore-Richard Anderson, Lucas, from Charleston, sailed foht-I0 do, .11 Matheson-5 brls tar. order-200 do, Fitzhugh and la
.Iricgortta reignse-4he loved queen. of:our isle! proceeded up a very pretty green lane running nearly parallel " You': father, Alice, is c•iut seeking him, and so are your two 27th May. On the Bth June, in lat nd c- t n
46, long 30. spoke the City of Grimshaw-3eo brls turpentine, Mitchel!, Tooker a 060 s ox 1.-
, 1 Yront,the shore! to the sea, hark; a n.ation's glad voice' with the river, towards Carnarvon. Here my friend found suf- brothers, and old Jonas-what can you do more than they are Kingston, (steamera from Baltimore for. London, under canv.ay Mary horns, order-P D
Iler Crowning noW hails. In the light of her smile, fieient botanical stores on the hank sides uompletely to absorb doing ? The boy is gone home with one iif his school-mates to on e
Cres ' t 340) G T Ball from al I'l
Llorland, Weare, frnm New Orleans, sailed from: the Bar Ilt May. , gen ,(. ,_ _ _
~
__, 10GO- bales cotton, Hum- I
LPI
,feir commerce shalt flourish, our cities rejoice, . his attention, and he was soon left lagging . far behind. The s dh -- • -h t • I n 1 ouefit t h it .e t the Caledonia Brander, fer Liverpool, on
pen t e evening, wit ou your eave, are, . o ave re Soule, from New Orleans-Cigar,
from London-Habnalr, Lion, (2781 W .Martin, from Mobile, 842 bales cotton, FDe Lizardi Lel
Our homesand bright heerths with, thauksgiving be trod, lane gradually ascended the hills which we bad seen before us, stick laid about his hack for g,iving us all this trotible. Daug,h- Haquoil, from Monte Video- -Archer, Grayson. -from Barbadoes- and co-47 an, A Pope-P D Lei
- Ms
And, our temples ,and altars be ha llow'd to God. and as 'we proceeded the guide became very communicative. ter, sit down-and-try to co tpose yourself. See how calm I am!" Pahnurus, Norman, frnm Laguna-Cornelia, Chace, and Warsaw, Tiger, ;312) W Hart, from Mobile, 1019 bales cotton, J ana J Jack- 1,1
Oh crown her with blessings! Let fame sound the deed ! Finding that-we had no fixed determination what to do with " Edward stay out wit:out permission ! Oh, mother, is that Brimer, from Mobile- Camberland, Power ; ChoetaW, Crosby; Deu- son-P Er 'ti
To,triumph and gladness devote the bright day ; ourselves and that pur then object was to get that night to Lien- like him ?he never disobeyed me vet. Oh !my precious, my cation, Winsor, and Frances Ann, Soule, foom New Orleans-Ports- Alabamian (390) W B Lane, from Mobile, 1011 bales cotton, 70 ! N
, Ne
Let gae youths and virgins the joyous dance lead, beris, with the intention of ascending Snowdon at day-break, onl'y boa! perhaps he now lies dead in one of the old grave pits ! _
nuth, Macoduck from New York-Hera
m Mayflower Cra I I' - P D
ld, Duff, from Charleston ogs cedar, I al ure and co-
, l'itree fr m Savannah-Macon, Osborne, from Ape- Washington, (494) W 11. Benson, from Mobile, 424 bales cotton, W l
And the daughters of beauty their .due homage pay. and that we thought of going round by Caroarvon first by the or has fallen into the river; see how dark it is ! What a tool I lachiCola-Lail - re.,eet.• GI, from Halifax-Mercurius, -, from and 3 Brown and co-735 do, Molyne.ux and. co-155 do, J Maury and , Nic
In full Sparkling bowls be true loyalty seen, steamer,. he told me "he should show us if we wished" a waY was to consent to his going to school so many miles off, and at Christinestadt-LAugusta, Holtz, srom Danzig-Gendrine Nielson Sons-35 do, Rathbone Brothers and co-218 20. order-V D ,So
And the song be "%, Imo+ iA !" and " Long live the Queen!" right across the country to Llauberis which was no further than this time of 't he year too 1 Indeed, mother, 1 cannot stay here; from Frederickstadt-.Mancnester, Roddock, m am_ urg- i ora,
f II b r''
V'd ' Girard, (325 JL f ambert, from New Orleans, 1,213 bales cotton, ' l'sl
; Di
going to Carnarvon. I hereupon hailed my friend who was derson, from Kiel-and Elenore, -, from Lubeck. Barin Broth.e)rs and co' -935 bundles hides. order-W D
g
Blaekfurd Crescent; near Bury. 1 must go somewhere to seatch for him. Hark ! I hear father's An India, (417) It Snow, from New Orleans, 1300 bales cotton, A Den- ! St.
half's. mile -behind, stowing botanical specimens into his hat voice,"-and a hale, good-looking man entered the apartment. nistoun and co-70 do W and J Brown and co-115 do, order-,aV D
Pekoe, Gilliss hence at Canton
. . amongst the ill-,fated cigars, and having had a conference we -.. (rhea You hate not found my Edward! Oh, father! how Rbyal Saxoti, Renn ' ' . . B h Henry_Th m /303 J T Warkins. from NeW Orleans, 603 bales Ba
er, sailed from Calcutta 14th March, and a 00, pson„ )
• .
CONTE MPO R A !tr. P R ESS. determined to adopt our guide's advice as we did not wish to could you bear to see my face without him? I shall go distract- Brock. 19th March, hoth for London . . cotton,. W anodJ Brown and co-2-11 dia,l3'Jacksen-113 do; order-2 , -
over-tire ourselves, having the ascent of Snowdon before us for edo_and she wanted to force her way out of the room. Volunteer, M-Minn, sailed from Calcutta on the 26th March, for boxes contents unknown, F and J Mill-P D. ' -
.
THE IRISH MUNICIPAL-RFFORM-BILL. midnight. Having ascertained that the distance to Llanberis o Don't be a fool, My," said her father, throwing himself into Canton Christina. (226) S C Cox, from St. Joseph, 166 bales cotton, W and , -
, a_
across the country was about 9 miles, we proceeded to make Euclee, Paul, sailed from Sauger 23d April, for Liverpool J Brown and co-400 do, order-K D , :
his own elbow chair in the opposite corner to where his wife
, , , ( From the Morning Heiald:) some enquiries about the way. But our guide was "wide was Itine " you make more fuss with that bov of yours than Higginsen, Thompson, hence, at Barbados Joseph Porter, (482) .I.al Porter, from Charleston 907 bales cotton, -
, , Suviah. Moody, hence, at St Joseph's Collmann and Stolterfoht-293 do,•order-24 do, J Calder-W D j -
This 'report on the third reading of the Irish Municipal awake ;" this knowledge was his stock in tra-de, and with I " -, ' • "
rea yeur mother and I have -.one with a dozen of you-he'll be back Eliza Warwick, Welch hence at ditto Herald, (421.) J Clark, from Charleston, 200 bales cotton, Collmann I ___
Corporations Bill was hrought tici last,night (Monday ;)' Welsh emitting' and artfulness he contrived to evade all such again depend upon it, when he has had his fling out, and I hope Howard, Meirill, hence, at Sav'annah and Stolterfoht-8 do, E Baxter-lOUS' do, Ihf box cigars, order-I _
fent, after the discussion of certain amendments proposed questions, and at the same time to tell us that it was a ye 7 you'll punish htm for playing truant." Lady Rowena, Pace, hence, at Charleston case wine, H Muir-K D Li
by Mr.,O'Connell, thebill was recommitted, and ordered- difficult way, impossible for us to find-that if we spoke Weis Corea Prescott hence at ditto
" Have You been over to the school, father? Have you seen • - , • , Thomas Naylor, (283) W Selkirk, from Apalachicola, 65 bales cot- .Be
we might be able to•find it, but as we could not we should get Lady Broueham Ilingston, from Corfu at Zante, and salled6th May ton, T and .1 0 Thornely-360 do, Molyneux, VVitherby and eo-83 Cc
to hie read a- third time tin Monday' next. Mr. Owen, the master ? Was Edward there in the morning ? • ' '
for this port do, J L Delauney-100 .do. J Van Cleg,-140 do, Qgdeu, Ferguson and . Et
nobody to direct ne and should never get there • and concluded Wh tt• d'd h. 1'
e eave? Who was in his company?" co-71 do, 4c old copper, J Iluddleston-K D 'Pi
Premier, Newman, hence and Ancona, at Zante
Mr: O'Connell:moved as an amendment, the substitu- e; 1. •'L
,1 h , , a ime i
•.t. telling us that ..e ha. s.own the way to two gentlemen the o How can your father answer so many questions in a breath?" Richard Hill, Smith, from Trieste, at Corfu BRITISH AMERICA. R.
i: '''
r ti' s.. t . 1-
t. 04 0 • le cours.municipat franchise, kr the franchise week before, and that they had walked it under three hours. I said Aim. Williams. "Do lvt h •th h Carena, Hayden, hence, at Malta
you not see w d a ea e as put Victoria, (545) 0 Rose, from St. John, N.B. 1'77 pees birch and 910' • W
.. , . ,
proposed in the bill. The latter franchise is .£5, tested however quite agreed with my friend that half of his tale it was himself in, with riding all about the country? but you think of John N. Gosler. Davis, hence, at Gibraltar pees fir timber, Ole 27 deals, 71Jc 26 staves, 5 cords iathwood, 5 spars,
his trade to tell that common sense was the best tilde and that
by. rating ender. the poor law for Ireland: The Scottish . : g nothing but your son-you have no such reason to be proud of Lady Bat Tett, Shugg. hence, at ditto Gibbs, Bright and co E:,
- it would be an intolerable bore to have our one-legged friend Farmers, Smarden, cleared at Atha for this port Ist June
:Northumberland, (541) AAI Gill, from Pugwash, 12 pees fir timber, L'
ninnicrpril la* is.XlO, without rating. him neither." ' 801 l -v Wood, Cutting, and Peri, Vivian, from Palermo, at Gibraltar, 106ec 13 deals, lee 19 battens, 17 pees plank. 15 corde lathwood, 25c Br
'
. Mr. O'Connell's' amendment. stood be it observed,
, . limping besides.us all the way-. We told him therefore we were .. el•
. v wife you mieht have spared her that and at such a
afraid he co 11. k ' • • b Tff ' '• I ia-
' fa ' - '.. - ' - ' '
u t not eep up with us, ut a e was not so Teat y t
1 time too. e-on't cry, dl ' 1 dadJ f tl• i
an mte c ear! une or ?ts por. .
Ale ; you know we love Edward just as Aristides, Hart, cleared at Gtrgentt for this port 2d June staves,' 48 oar raitere, 35 spars, J Jones, sen:-B D
. , Li
' I'
-amongst the regular notices ; yet, although Full irifoirna- to take a hint ;he assured us he could out-walk us both. We 1 well as If he had been bo'ru in wedlock; and as for you, child,- 1 Thomas Crisp, Crisp, sailed from Palermo tor this port 4th June MEDITERRANEAN.
'
Aion:waa thus given to the conservative party of the hon. however were incredulous, and findibg that we were detertnined that-1k your misfortunes and the cruel treatment you have re- C tiara, Renfrew, and Daniel, Steer, hence, at Lisbon Bruce, (30G) J Stephenson. from Licata, 410 tons sulphur', 118 bag
anitleinced gentli:man's intention,• it is a remarkable. not to have his yaluable services to Llanberris, he all at once ceived, makes you dearer to us than when you were called ' the Hope Pope, hence for Osteue at Dunkirk
Co ' - r . ••' '
nstant,:‘ ansehie, and Emilie, Tikkes. hence, at Antwerp shuinde, J Macaire and co-Q D Li
EUROPE.
chanoed his tone end said we might perhaps find the way but h • t • fth vale of Clw 1 ' 0(
faCt'ttrat riot ont of the leaders of' the conservatives.wae eau ) o e yr . . Hector, Johnson, hence at Bombe y 15th April Jack Tar (65) W Malcolm, from BourdeauX,' 6 cases wine, 6 cases Li
.a , it was' difficult 1-', h Id h • W 'd
I
; ut ecou sow us the way logo. e rea i y " I did not mean to hurt her feelines," said the mother; she Lancashire Lass, Norman. sailed from Smyrna for the Coast 20th
brandy, fl'adfield, Wood and co-1 hhd wine, F Devaux-2 do, D
present during thelong discussion on the subject which agreed that he should do that, and by this time had ar - 1 t • ''
i iver a knows that well enough, but she might have offered to draw you ult. and the Fanny Palmer. Easter, on the 27th for Milford Neilion-1 do T Santis-2 do, S Perry,-42 cases do, 20 hlids brandy,
todkplace; TheGiobe, as our reader's are aware, has, the hill top, where was the view the guide was to show us. We aju f I b 1 • h It' d dh t • I
goae,w' en s te saw ow a igue an o you were. Lavinia, Brown, and Catherine, Phipps, sailed from Malta far Con- W Maxwell tind eo- tO cases wine, order-4 do, Finlay and Alston- Ai
in a strain of taunting exultation, prophesied that Sir had here a fine view of the almost innumerable hills 'around us. cannot do it myself." stantinople 2nd instant, and the Byker, Bruce, fot Messina, on the 6 c..see-- liqueurs, E Rae-4 bags beans and lentils, T Nixon-90 tons W
. . sth Et
Robert Peel will -abandon his "unalterable resolution., In the'far distance, a little to the left, was Snowdon rearing its o Forgive me, mother-how could I think of ale, when my Hum 1 B d f M rd t H
p wey, oy , rom onte i eo, a avana Indian corn, Sanders and Claxton-K D .
• • minted top, but apparentl searcel so_ high as some of the . • Ann Paley, (159) T Hunter. from Lisbon, 3 hhds 'wine, 30 pipes lt,
darllng boy may be lost to me forever! Those dreadful stone Amelia, Cholditch, from Licata, at ditto, and cleared 2nd instant olive oil, order-100 pipes tallow, Geller and co-1 pipe wine, D i"
oner.lie stbject of- the £l.O municipalfranchise•, and the nearer mom • d• y •' y •
items, the 'stance giving it that appearance. Far quarries ' he has to pass close by them Let me just go as far, for Bristol St
Robertson-1 qr cask do, T Peake-6 hhds do, A Swainson-2 do. W
prerpOsed ,test of rating under the poor law. We' trust beneathwa, diminished by the distance, lay the bridge we had ' • .• • • ' " *
as them-I can take Winny with me. Eerl Grey, sailed from Calcutta, for Liverpool and April A Brown-50 qr casks do A Hoyes-1 pipe 2 hhds do, C Holland.lo H.
Athat.gir'Rehert's. absence,. last night, la' not to be re- just left and the beautiful bay of Beaumaies, spread out like a .. I tell : • - h ' M 0 hl h h
you, Aly, he is not t ere. -r. wen to me tat e Copeland, sailed from China for London:previous to 27th Feb. pipe•s olive oil, Edwards,' Dansoh and co-9 'packages contents un- ra,,l
•- • - F' B a Cbi h •• P u Price known, A Smith, jun-4 boxes do, order-142 hags. wool, C and .1 t''
gatded as,, in part, a
,verification of our contemporary's little garden before us, with the straits like a large lake in its came to school as usual, but some misunderstanding had taken cwt. rot, errs, ra
_,, en%mat orart-
aat -Dubline
fiteclietidn.,. ' centre, :and gentlemen's seats dotted about like little summer lace between hint_and one of the older scholars, he knew not Eamwenrton, B own,.from D era , . .
f St
di , Potter; Eliza Ann, Roger, and Timandra, Toig, rom . Rawdon-7 do, Geller and co-18 casks argot, 3.1 buddies carica T -
. . housee. :It waset peaceful delightful scene. Having remained ph
b Martin and So- 4 chests 19 hf chests fruit, order-G D
The absenc
. . . eof the conservative leader,lastnight, is at a out when Edward stood up with a face as red as crim- John NB at ditto -
here a short time:contemplating the splendid view- before us, w .1 A' I A Id , • •' " '' • ' '
son alio uectareu 'he never wou.- go to that schoo. again. sae- Emerald, a letcher, from ,Bourdeaux, at ditto , - ,
worthy of note, not only in consequence of Mr. O'Con-. we crossed our guide's palm with a shilling, and he then pro- f ' • • • Planet. Ritchie, from Aricata, at this port; sailed 10th ult. in Com-
ore any one could stop him, he was off, and no doubt is con- linarittbs.
nell's intended amendthents having been intimated. in ceeded to give us instructions with the most obsequious readiness • h' f ' e h • - h e„, h .11 pany with the Emily for
cealing tinsel tn one o t e pits or quarries ere a ut- e Maranham N
the usual way,liut because Sir Robert Peel had pledged' how, to reach, Llanberrile Having told us somewhat after the s ion he tired of that." Regular, Boud, tram Berbice, at this port; sailed I Ith ult. Left :
loadingfor London the Bolivar, Mobile. Rambler, Whitby, and Ber- ---,4111.-- .
.
liimself on the first discussion of this question ' t
, , , again o manner of Launcelot Gobbo directing his father in'the play of ' " What could they have quarrelled about ?" said Alice thought- bice; and for this port the Adriana, Penningharne, and Dorothea LIVERPOOL COTTON M A RKRT, JUNE 21.
4he Merchant of Venice " Turn up on your right hand at the R,
lake thesense of the hOtige on the subjeet of- his-repo- • a - i ie is n•f so swee
, rung; " ant t t a tempei too !" • • VALLETTA. JUDe 1.-The barque Carena, of Liverpool, W Hayden, There has heen a pretty good demand since our last, the sales yes- „
next turning, but, at the next turning of all, on your left; marry, e'But confounded proud, you must own that, Alv ;at any rate, master, when on her way hither from Liverpool, with a valuable car,,o, terday were 3,000 bags, 'and to-day they are 3,500; the market, how- '
.sitiou, "edign the report should.be broughtup." • at the very neatturning, turn of no hand, but turn down indi- the bov is safe." was crippled on the I3th ult. in lat. 37 N, long 10 W, ham the rebel- ever, continues flat.
. Not: only wat-Sir Robert Peet absent from his post last rectly to Llanherris;" io each of which directions almut the lane o What could cause him tn act in so decided a manner? 'tis lious conduct of seven of her crew, all of WhOM refused to work, and ,
T,
'w i ghee btu by a remarkable and unlucky coincidence, all' to the right and the white house to the left, and about three miles very' strange!" and the anxious mother threw her handkerchief on the 2,lth
obstinately persisted in doing so until the vessel arrived at this port - - -- -
LIVERPOOL PRoVISION MARKET,- JUNE 21.
- ‘arthet a tramroad, and so 011 i we aaswered with tbe roonosyl- ' - N
theether distinguished gentlemen 'who occupy the hip,•,ll"• over her face and wept. The weather continues extremely favourable for the production of
f.stpliees'in the-ranki of ovOcition wereein like'nian- :lable " Yes," and .he took his departure Atter a short time Ed d W.ll' '
_ , , war a la d not return that night. Alice was in a
• tns di WEDIipSDAY, JI:NE 20.-Wind S. S.E. to S.S.W. Butter, and although the demand, both here and in the country is, in s,
•"'• ' ' " - ' - - • h • fh I I ' .
: . . eyeing re es er ourse yes. for ma walk with a " pull" at the state of utter il: .- • •nd the randfather and randmother the face.. of liberal supplies, very goad, prices almost daily decline.
ner„tny-ieible., . Sir. William. ollett, Sir Edveard Sugden, brandy flask, we bounded istractoiou,,)fa
Rota, tv.E.D.-The AgTIPS, Vinnis, from Maranham ; sailed sth alay-
Th t . fWt fdC 1 v& • t t9O t 93 "''
e presen currency ° aeror . aa• ol . c. we no e a S Q S. -
over the .fence to pursue our route, now serionsl • k her angxietv. The boy'gs uncles bad S rfield, Clough, from Hondurao-Roman, Davies, and Mon,
and Mr. Gladstone --did not
.appear.. Lord Stanley and and as we skipped along . over the elastic heather, inha- both come b2cir izttohout
eaining any tidings of hien ; old Jonas, tezumat, Davies, from New Orleans-Sheridan, Pierce, and Columbus eef, Pork, and Bacon, of prime quality, fully supports late quota-
Sir Jartiew Graham left the house, when the discussion - ling the invigorating pure air, so different to the muggy who loved the youth almost as well as did his mother, was not vet De Pey•ster, from New York ; sailed and June-El iza Sanders, Batley,. • ."tions, and are likely to continue to do so.
-Comblenced,'without taking any part in it. mixture of the Liverpool atmosphere, we felt that to walk returnee. The search was to be resumed directly after break- from Constantinople-Laura Ann, Caeely, from Lisbon-Auguste, - . . .
Butif the nOn attendance of all the leaders of the con- there was oue of 'the: question, and: began to . have some no- •
fast, when suddenly, the object of all this trouble and research Holtz, from Danzi.,--Eleanor Ruff, from Lubeck-MaryaHannah, VERPOOL CORN EXCHANGE JUNE 19 ft
from Apalachicola' Matthew 'Plummer, Thurslva, from Pernambuco LI 4, -
.. ... ~,,. . lions of flyine, aud forthwith flapped our arms instead of pin- • During the past week the weather has been perfectly seasonable, and -,
-servative, paOy was !hatter of regret, that regret, un- nions,. but th"ere was no ascent. .1-lad we been stout old gentle- ' ' on the assen '
stood before them- pale it is true, but eool, firm and collected • Clt C o fro B rhadoes-Frankland Sturinante feom Savan-
t -,e , ra„g, m a , . the apperrance of the crops of Grain and Grass has yery, much int-.
.1,1.
doubted! -11 b I d I • . '
y,. vri not e essene , t iroughout the country, men. we could have accounted for it on the ground of funda- he threw his fine (lark eyes up tbled group, paused a nah-and Cy
moment, al il undetermined how to act, then fluiee himself into SAILED nthia, Pinnell, from Mobile.
.-Areatus, Miller, for New York. pi... Dyed ;we haye in consequence, though with very moderate importe n
of Grain Flour, and Oattneal, front Ireland' and COastaraysa expe- I ~
by the tone adopted in debate by several gentlemen whom - mental gravitation; such, however, not being the case, we were his mother's arms, who; nearlrfrantic with joy, as she had been ' ,
, rieneed very dull sales kr all 'kinds of Grain for home-ure.- A' few i II
Conservatives throughout the country regard with re- rather at a loss to-what .to attribute our attachmeht to mother before with grief', strained him convulsively to her bosom. Hesperus, Baxter, and Whitby, -, from Calcutta, at Demerara sales have been made of very fine red Irish -wheat at ;Os. and of white' , E
I 8* 4. M '
iteF . •.- .r. Lascelles, Mr. Miles, Mr. Pusey, and- LOrd• earth, when every feeling was bounding for the blue vaulted ..
canopy aboveuse and every muscle seemed ready to lend us its id et eirli- '
You have nearly killed your mother, Edward," at length Dianthe, -, hence at Havana
Alexander, Leeds, and Champion, Warren, hence at Baltimore d to 4d per 70Ib ; but ,
at los 2d per 701 b, being an apparent advance of 2 .. c
the quality thereof was nearly equal to the finest English, anu in ger- _
Eliot•-all of them the representatives Of conservatiVe assistance, and in the height of our disappointment we could ms very gravely, " and none of us are better
sa i r. ila . . _ . ,
for this night's work. Give an account of yourself ! Eliza Alin, Buraess, hence at Boston neral last quoted prices have been barely exceeded for Wheat, Flou , a
• • tmeal a small
constituencies-professed themselves, with alight shades almost have wished with Hamlet, • " That can enrol be done, my dear grandfather," said the Napier, Sandford. hence at Mobile
Octo Malt, Barley, Beans, and Pease ; whilst on Oats' and Oa 1
Tara, Decon; Senator, Stacey, and Chevalier, Kinney, hence reduction-has been submitted to here, in Marichesteraand in the York- ,
of,difflrence, converts, more or less, to Mr. O'Connell's , " oh, that this too too solid flesh would melt, beautiful boy, with a face now crimsoned _over, " I was insulted at New Orleans shire markets. The only alteration' in the duties on Grain from : ,
. : Thaw 'Mad resolve iteelf into a dew 1"
vieWeis teethe hardship on Ireland of a • Elo municipal . ,_, . ' ' .'• - , at school, and I will not'submit to insult ;in returning home to Orpheus, Bailey, hence at New York 3lst ult. Foreign ports this week is a furtberreduction of ls per Turaiater on ,
_.r,
.. .. ~ , . rsowever, as we could not fly, we put up with the next best tning,,'
_to • f th I d b h k d
ask a geest:on omy mo er, passe yt e unwor e Auhurn Durfee hence at ditto Ist instant Wheat. and 7ad per barrel on Flour. Our stocks of bontled .0 ,in and
f ,a9chis.ooCsterl. by rating under the poor law. The sen- and, like hunted deer, away we bounded over the heather, clear- alate quatry near Llandulas, and I heard a moa*proceeding , Sturgess, from London, at ditto
SaMeon' ' ' - but further ar-
Flour have not been increaser( eure this day week, , • . .
timenta expressed by these honourable conservatives won , ing hedges and ditches with a whoop of defiance; over the hill - ' Persia, Johnson: hence at Virginia rivals are daily expected. The attention of speculatotehaa ape'', been (
' from it." Caledonia Brander. from New Orleans for this Port, cff the Tortugas actively directed to bonded-Wheat, Of which smite constderabli pare
for: thent•the -warm plaudits. of Mr. O'Connell and his ,top we went, in reality. "on the light fantastic toe,".and down o Well, my boy, proceed," said Mr. Williams, mildly. . Albion, Keswick. and Wilkinson. Nicholson. hence at Maranham eels here, and also on 'the passage, have changed tands, chiefly of the
RI illinteTial: fr i ends. 'the.opposite side into the valley, with an almost fearful velocity, " I told you, father, that he had not played us truant," said North Briton, Taylor, and William IV, Skirling, hence at Mira- finest fresh descriptions, at fully our last quotations, and in some in-
'Mt. leticas, Mr.-Litton, Mr. Sergeant Jackson,' and Sir !laughing as we went at the notion .of our crutched friend being Alice, fondly, "my Edward has too tender a heart." • michi , stanees at a small advance-the finest Poineranean red having reached
ith us Getting down into the vette and be innin to asceud e
3T, g g I contrived to get to the d th -
bottom of the quarry," sal . e Brothers, Poole. and Queen, Jones, hence at Prince Edward island- as ed, and the finest Danzig while 7s ap per 701 b ; and inferior quali- t
G.elcirge Clerk' protested againitt the asSumntion that Sir' w ' • -
the next hill, we _began to tbink that, though running was Enterprise, Boyes, hence at Pictou ties could not now be, purchased at our neminal quotations ; for all I
boy whose aoe was abont fourteen " and I fuund there a gen-
.-P . .
Robert. eel designed to raise..the proposed Municipal " mighty pleasant" for a while; it was uncommonly difficult to i- ' - , . Mary Ann Hatton, -. hence at Pictou • other vrtictes inhand there has not been inuch demand, but prices
franchises. above. £lO. Sir G. Clerk declared that a bona : keeled up, so as the sailors have it "we brailed up our main- t e‘inan, who had fallen in and had broken Ins leg-" - Alcyone Muir • Evergreen Moran • Nestor Clarke; Royalist, have been fully supported ' At this day's market the transactions t
i " -'m W. - w. 'd h • • •• - • • - • •. 13 ' • a-, • • 1 eto a very noderete extent, hut t
Poor gentleman, said . rs. illiams. " ell, Ne ,w at Asbriege; Abeona, Chambers; Dykes, Harnson : Albion, rown ; in free Gram, lour, and Oatmea wer 4 . '
_fide •£lO franchise was all that was required by the con- sails" and "brought to," and began to thiuk orourinstruct ions. did you do with him?" Promise, +Shearer • Tweed, -; Ocean, Douglas ; Captain Ross, our last quotations were fully obtained, and in s mt instances a little
servative-party ; and- that Sir Robert Peel wriuld not, he °II!: comparing notes," however, we found that all we had any " Why, I could not let him lie there and die," said the boy, M , , e . •Y. n ,Y. a .
orton • Robert 1Z rr Gourle and R 1 Wes-ott hence at Quebec exceeded; e h e t Wheat some fuFther parcels changed handset an j
o on ke
, distinct notion of that our guide had told us was se keep Snow- e Ilercules, Raisbeck, hence at Rich ibucto advance "as above noted. /
waesure, refuse tO agree to the introdUetion lila) the 'm
'all I could and told him I would soon
so I comforted hi , s, d. s. d INDIAN CORN, 4f,' MTh.
don before u : : ''
' •
s .as our landmark, and a white cottage on a hill Edward, ---, hence at Shippegan VVHEAT, Ir 701-15-
' brine him assistance• but first I tied his handkerchief about s 9 6 au) 9 Red '
poor law of words to the. effect that the iiting should be &iota thi'ee miles off, near which a trarnrOd went which • - .' 111 T of the West, Nicholas, benc at Syra 7th ult. and cleared the English 43 oea44 0 2
d 1 f • k d ' f •I
his leg, and .propped it up,- an et my jac . et, un er it or api - 17th tor Constantinople . Scotch
regulated by the rent actually paid by the occupants of ' weuld conduct us tn it, and:which, in the valley' we were then low h 1 LI d 1 d t t d 1 Beiram, Woolner, hence at ditto the 27th
;t en ran over to an u as, an go a car an a coup e . Irish ' ' 8 6 -10 -0 BEANS, 41, qt. . .
£lO houses: At present, the rated rental is alleged to , in, we could net see. Our only course was, therefore, to ascend of men and some ropes to help um, and we
.drew hills out, and Adelaide, Granhy, hence at Oporto • Bonded , 50- 7 4
,English ...., •41 0- 44 0 2
lie'bel6tv -the edit al 'ren tal, the hill befere, us, This, hewever was more easily contemplat- carried him to the head inn-after that I had to get the surgeon Wm. Rushton, Gregary, hence at ditto BARLEY, .4f qr. . Irish ..„, ae e_36 6
ed than put in execution for at the foot of the hill between us Gazelle, Hellyer, from Newfoundland, at ditto ' English ... ....... 33 0 -36 0 Pkas; Grey
. . Iktr.-Litton'rnade a bold Mend in support of the test a• : : ' , . . . . , for him, and Mr. Davis was ndt at home, so I ran to Mr:Jones, Alexander, Firstoff. henee at Copenhagen' Chevalier ... -. ... 35 0 -37 0 White 3B 0-46 0
nd it was a rather extensive bog, which obliged us to go about and he goon set the leg, but the gentlemen looked very ill, and Dora Kohn Flora Peters • Julia Hamer • Rapid White • Indus- Scotch r 6011!....' 4 8 ---5 0 RArEsEED ,Iff last
h'g.i RP 1 liltM Ilhdl ii
proposed „v., ~.......r , ee.;. W.1..5, ....er. ..... arev eec.aree halea mile to get rnund it. 'We then commenced ascending the he ' • • 1 h. • ' ' ' • ' ' '- ' •' d •-- ' 1 - 4 O-46 4O-46 F • ' ' • '- - :
called-me his 'deliverer ' and begeed I wou d not leave im, trie, Den Duvts ; Mathilde, Kroger; Laura, Rickles ; Kmder yke, Irish • LOLR, English 4r 28011 s.
that shouldthat test be abandoned by the right honour- hill, at the side of which was a cottage, and near it a Welsh girl gup wfl irn a nig ~ an ave pro- •,er o , u wt,, i e rn, uc ,
so I have been sittin ' . h li. '''
It •ht dI h Mei' h fill: d• ~ W.lh 1 15L Hu' aud Fortuna Tait • hence et Foreign, in bond. 26- 3 0 Fine '
, 1.. 40 0- 53 0 . ,
able baronet, -he should consider that all the conserva- driving aleng the bill side a numberof diminutive Welsh sheep.
. mised to see le • • d N •de th d I tend
ina again tu- ay. e ow, gran a er, o s Elsinore OATS, 4fa 451 b. Irish 3B 0-52 0 '
titierwharpted for the right hon. baronet's' proposition We clembered up the hill towards her as f
.asl Os '.:O 'enlikl• In- excused ?" Britannia, Dannell, sailed from Trieste the 3rd instant, and Rubican, E„glish 3- 3 5 American, 4, brl. free.
hetai beien•bettray'ed: - . tending to .ask fur directions, but she hurt ied away from us ap7
. . . •
" You are a brave fellow, and always were " d M Wil
, , sal e r. -
. Atidersoh, the 6th; both' for this port
atartha Max, linltzer, hence at Hamburg , Scotch • 3 4 3 5 Sweet, U.S. .. 00- 0 0 ,
Irish . - 3 2 Sour,bond.... a 4 6-- 26- 0 '
' half afraid We however t '
parently . . , ,
.. , a .length, got within had- liams, laying his hand affectionately on his grandson's shoulder, John Ormerod, Robertsahence at Swinemunde „ . : • Foreign, in bonda 2' 2 32. OATMEAL, ,11E 2401 b
AC. &Ili lt, d 't
t d • h ) fi ' •
, .rs .i cu we a Ink , orea arig t, at Lie rst vievv, ing distance, and I shouted to her to ask the way to Llanberris, " there, kiss both your mothers, and come end eat your break- Susan, Gavin,and Joanna, Allen,.hence at St. Peterslearg ~. Ditto, duty free 3- 3 6 English 25. 0-26 0
Mete .yery curious features in last night's•debate :-at to which she answered with a varlley of Welsh. Gettinga little fa 1 'll 'd • If I. D . 'CI d th '
at.
:, wi rt e over my se to tle tut an see e poor gen- Gazelle, M'Culloch, from,Alicant, at Belfast "aye, 4, qr. 32 0 -30 0 Do. new 1837. 26 6.- 27 0
•
the same-time there can be little harmoree imagine, in nearer, I repeated my question, when she burst into a merry tletnan. Come, Edward, seat yourself and,begin." Mary Brade, ()jibes, from Laguna for Stettin, at Cork • eiaaaa er qr. fine 56 0 -59 0 Scotch.. .... .250- 26 0
reel:in-intending' all -the friends to the established church laugh, and, turning round, began driving her sheep away. Con- " I cannot eat, sie," replied the bay, turning again deadly mis.ciiii,f.3 ,
Lady Dowries Stevenson, from St. John, Na. at Drogheda
h • f T ' t •
ones, erica, or ries e, vi as ot us ar t instan
rT k -IS h ' t • Middling 46 0 -54 0
tinuing 'however. to put questions to her she again gave us a i .. I .
in'treland to prepare for the worst. The facts which we ' %%7 lhV' • tv '• f • , t •peak to iity' mother' "
pa e, wan o s • Trinity Yatch,--., hence for Leghorn, at Falmouth, with loss . . . ---
treat in pure es . 'riding we ere in a oreryn country, " Well there she is " said the old gentleman " I never saw of mast head , LIVERPOOL AGRICULTURAL MARKET, JUNE 19.
have recorded- Erma stroncrly of " comprOinise" between
. ... . where we could not make ourselves understood, we abandoned ' ' • ' ' • h' d
mother and son make such a fuss with one anot er as my augh- , • B 'll• B'll •F' h ' d C b• K d
Na tn. Hill, err, , 1 ou, ts wick. an olum me, enne y,
the leaden.; of the conservatives and the deadly enemies artificial and resorted to primitive language-the language of ter Alice and you." sailed from Gibraltar for this port sth instant s. d. s. d. , e. d. s. d.
A . , Old Hay ..• ... 0 730 10 4r20115 Potatoes .... 1 932 fler 901 h.
of all conservative -interests. When we -find Mr. •Las-r signs, and uttering the word " Llanberris," pointed to the ,
rhe countenance of the mother turned unusually pale also Mina, Leisk, sailed from Cadiz for Monte Video and Buenos yre
New Hay 0 9 0 0 - , Cattle. Potatoes 1 4 1 5 - •
celleideclaringAltat the question of municipal corpora- pathway and over the hill top. She immediately understood us, and her lip evidently quivered, us she said, " What h h ' the tit instant
as --aP- Dryade, Wallace, from Rio Janeiro, at London Clover Ilay 0609 -- j Turnips OO 0 0 per ton
. and potutingero arough cart road with one heti(' and with the I C ts
Straw, Wheat.. 05: 0 6S- 1 arro 000 0 - '
tions fOr lrelanii=or,- rather, the question,-witether mu-. - ' - " • • - , pened, Edward, can you not speak to me here ?" Montezuma, Flurnett, from Laguna, at this port ; sailed 31th April,
other in the- direction of "•Llantrerris," went singing away.- . .' No mother " replied the boy, almost solemnly, "I Wish in company witlithe Alice Jane, Bleasdale. for this port. Left load- Straw, Oat O4lO 6 - Manglewurzle 000 0 -
..nicipa corpora ions in that country shall beso framedas' We toiled 'hp the hill, substituting sallies:of wit and quick re- ' ' 't ~ ' - ing, the txperiment,for this port. The Eleanor Laidman, was to Straw,Barley OOO 0 - Manure 707 6 -
to speak to you a one.
'to secure; equaljustice to Protestantism, on the one; eartee foesallies over hillocks, and at length gained its rocky .. Come With me, then, to my chanaber," said Alice, hlut sail in ten days. On the 15th instant, in lat. 49. long.-15, spoke the
,: . ---
' band, or-to destiny Protestantism,'on the other-" is notl sumna it. Osi turning round, we bOth exclaimed, "how beautiful!' your grandfather speaks to you." - : Rockingham, hence for Perteinouth, NAL - ,
. . ~. . ~ ,
LIVERPOOL CATTLE MARKtT',.Jorre 18.
The ealle we had ceissed resented all the a rearance of havino• ' -
l'ytzsly question," -we, are • tempted to inquire whetlier y - P . PI . . e " When you have finished this mighty secret, Master Ned,.l The supply, of Beasts at market to-day has been rathersmaller than'
, been formerly the bed of a large river It was perfectly straieh. THURSDAY, Juse 21.
Mta( •liksdellew.. represents trulv the sentiments Of the - • ' ' -''
' su goed and the market
ppose you will be ready to accompany tile to Llandulas ?' io- , . ~, ~ ' . that of last week, the qnality generally pretty ,
~_ ,
'between the hills for several miles, end was occasionally richly uired.Sir . Williams. AwatvEn•-bion, DakieY, tram Barbadoes-Oberlire Itoyt, and, Due has been tolerably brisk at the prices of lest week, there bee g but few
. ..
grea_t ' p.arty". which returned him to the House Of Corn.: wooded.. One end was terminated by hills; on looking to the q "In abo.ut an 1 ' df h I/'lcl h 11 b d
lour, gran at er, f tin s a e rea y,,, d'Orleans, , from New Orleans-Alexanner Grant, Brown, left unsold at the close of the market. Of Sheep and Latabs we hare.
. inons; and when,' in like. manner, we find Lord Eliot de-. .other, it. opened with a fine viewinto Beaumaris bay, wit h the sea from Savannah-Marathon. Strew from Chirleston-James Dunlop 'ha
answered Edward, with a wave of the hand, and a dignity th t -- - - ' ' ' ' - -•
' d rather a' large supply, but without any alteratton in prices from,
ei 11 • at tile
a Dunlop, from Gontuves-Treasurer r-heavy, espe a ),, . •
daring, that after the- -Roman Catholics have_been ad-. -in the distance. With the exception of this narrow ;opening, we rather irritated than pleased his grandfather, and his twouncles, -and Ivea, Vissen, from St. Petereimr. '
g• -latter part of the cloy, which may he attriauted te the very ,unfavoarde
mitted to political equality with Protestants, it is uniust !were"ml'letelY wrapped round, as it were, wi th bills. .Thongh on who called out with a tone of derision, " There goes.the EmPeror SAILED.-Corinth. Smith, for Boston-and Duchess of Beaufort, aide state of the weather. there being a goad few left. IT srloraiGtio,ai).
e ,a hill top. we were in reality in a valley of hills. In the cent; eor •el ~ - Stephens for St. Petersburg' Beef may be quoted at from ad to pata with'. a. ve y te_
IZ'at from 61d 671;
t r '
0 _estst,t4 wishes of the people, of lyeland in the ntat-' ,the ravine -beneath us, ran ihe hi h.road from Ban or to Car- of . mem,.
f hat beau if • ' '
The boy heard them, but not a muscle o t t ul lip .
__, _ . . quality at 5.1 d per lb.-Good Wetlier Matton -o
t d t b tad '
ter of naunicipaleorporations, we are inclined to won-, !nervosa. We sat Perched on two goints of a rock, fogr at least,
P , I was: affected by the taunt• only a deeper shade of melancholy Ecievina. aa est, from Mobile, tII t 4n 8 k ordinery and Ewes at 6d to 61(1.; Limb maybe quo eaa ou per
at this por , na . a, long. 3 , spo e
lb.-Ntimber of Cattle at market ; Beasts. 917 ; Sheep and Lambs. 8671.
der-at-the.peculiat logical 'process by which Lord Eliot' ewenty minutes, silently enjoying ibe scene. To us, such an i • b ' h dh' h f th
passed across his row, as ele is mot er rpm e room. the Eliza Williams, from Trinidad; master dead, and mate sick
' mtist arrive at hie. conclusions! His lordship's proposi-' unaccustomed, and delightful stillness prevailed ; with the ex- I " I cannot think what ails the boy," said Me Williams, Aristides, Hart from Gereenti at this port On Ifrth instant off -
Cape St; V' ' ' ' ' • • • .
incent, spoke the Columbine, from Palermo Tor this port ' XCHA NGE Junk 19. •
, DUBLIN CORN E
tion, When embddiedirs iiiniple terms, amounts to this-- •caption of the Merry chirrup of the grasshopper, and the °era-. I thoughtfully. "I trust no one has put him into the il 1
we-- 0..,• Southampton, --, at Lima k t to' d
a, ay, and the. little
thal„ beCatise 'in 84 or f f - - .(f ' - I '
, avour, or •.0 justice or eit ier ,sional whistling of a bird,' not a sound was to be heard. This ;
stillness, with tke majesty of the surrounding hills, and the sun- j h
1 Elynnon-Etirtion ;ifso it will cost me a good round.sum to take Artemis, , from Valparaiso, at Swansea
in " ' Robert Finney, hence at Arica There was scarcely any Wheat at r.nar e
. offering was in demand, and in some instances 6(1 per barrel hi.her
dall, but not lower than last ''
ko,
alternative, may, for the moment, be. assumed) was ,per-s shiny verdant beauty of the vale below, gave to the seene an I im out aga . .
d• 11 L
Now, be it known, that thie celebrate we , near landulas, Mary, Guntoa, from Naples, at Palermo, anti sailed 23rd Ma f
y or whilst Oets on the contrery arere
Wheat. white .... 39a Oct e 40s •
od 1 Oatmeal ..... .. 12 0 - r,e6.
formed toward* the Rothan Catholies of Ireland in 1829, -imposing peaceful solemnity, which is not easily described. At ,is e ieve yteina . an s rutin ,to possess
in North Wales •b l• dbh • le let t d • : Liverpoel • • 37 0 -39 0 I Sccond Flour .. 19 .0- 21 0
Miller's red ......
.. 0
__
,„ Rape
0 0 - n' 0
therefore, theseitoman Catholics haye, in 1838,-a right length, •one of us having sagely remarked, that sitting there some mighty v f ,*t h • l't and that the old man or svo-
. .. pov er o izi c ma. , Ides- Banfield from Messina at Palermo, and sailed 25th May for
Liver ' '
pool Inferior .......... 3 , --:SD D
. 14 0 -13 g 'I Barley 0 0- 0 0
would not carry us .to lelanberris, we again mule a start, and ..... -
to dictate to the imperial legislattire, terms, sivhich may man (as it might. be) %vie) had the charge of if, and was looked Scotia, GregorY, sailed from Palermo 3rd May, and Giorgio, Costa, , (13" .............. 00- 0 0 1 .
comingeuddeoly upon a cottage around whieh were several ere ........
upon as its priest or priestess, could. by some incantatiou or , 31st, both for Liverpool
... enable them .utterly to subvert Protestant ifiterests.in ail hale wild, and - ' • -
grotesquely clad, children, they scatnpered into other, place the spirit 'of any victim who had displeased them Geo. Harper, Owens hence at Leghorn --
- ----- --_____
- .
- the corporate towns a Ireland. their burnew like frightened rabbits,and we.had a hearty laugh within its waters, whereby he became melanchely. subject to Corsair, Cumming, sailed from Leghorn for this.port 3rd June CHESTER CORN MARKET-JusiE 16.
,-A few days will unfold the sentiments or Sir Robert at the notion of frightening children by our appearance. As fits d I h I - d : E • D b. h
,an a toget er an a tere . person. very one in en ig - Aimweil,
Wm. Ackers, Nichol, ham St. Thomas, at Lagutra ,
• s. d. s. d.
.Peel on this mornentons subject. He has already, it ii we passed the door of thecottage, we got into-a narrow cart- shire has hefted of the magic well of Ffysinon.Enion. Wilson, from Rio Janeiro, at Ceylon -Wheat, 751bs 'o 911 3
Margaret, Prow se, henee at Lima • d Ditto red
and asked the children first in English and then by signs . ~
true, stated his-" unalterable resolution" in the matter • lane, . . .. , - . ~, How can Edward be put into the well?" argued the grand- Europe, - , sailed from Lima for England and April. ene , oats. 46Ibs
1 if it led to Llanlierris ? making use or signs, and " Llanberris, mother "seeing he is such a favourite with old Griffiths, the the Emma was to sail 10th April for Liverpool. Morayshire saile t Beans, 8011,s
- but, in these times, "unalterable resolutions" are apt, in as our pass word, but could get nothing from them .but a stare well•ke'e s"
per. Winter was
from Valparaiso for this port 10th March, and the Samuel Grinding Barley, per 6011 is 6 6 7 3
4" 0 it 3 1
particular circumstances, to exhibit strange susceptibili• of wonderment. Going .on a little further, however, we met ~,phat. stands for nothing," retorted her husband, " they are to sail for England 13th al arch Malting Barley, 38qrs
566 0 ,
-lities of alteration. Whatever be the nature of the de- two lads, to whom we put the same question, and went through a sad set of spiteful capricious ci eatures, those old wizards ; the Grace, -, hhence at Carthegena -.,-,-.,-,,,,,------,___aa
- 'declaration which the parliamentary leader of the con- oar telegraphing process as before. The bigger lad to..whom boy may have offended him, and he looks strangely altered, me- Ann, - , ence at Laguira
Cardova, Owen, hence at Havana
•ficios • hound, to Vera AN ACCOUNT OF CATTLE,
we had - address d his all very • o
e ourselves, no doubt thought t . thinks. Imported into Liverpool, from the 12th to the 19th inst.
servatives may make, the conservatives thrusighout.En,- Mary, Wheelwright, from London, at S.acri
.. ,
tne blockede may
0 ' funny, and looking at his companion, bunt' into aheaety laugh. .. ays out, in hopcs FROM IRELAND.
Oh ! he has been up all night, and- he has had a quarrel Cruz, intending to remain her log d
'land and Ireland had better look to themselves! The younger lad, however, knew a mew words of English, and ' with.one of his school-mates," said Mrs. Williams; 1' I dare be raised within the period L
na for Stettin, at the Cove Cows. Sheep. Pigs, Horses. Mules. Calves. LaMbs.
.-
-..a........- was enabled:to tell us we were in the right road, and that if we say he is gone to tell his mother all about it, and she will be sure Mary Brade, Galles.
from
a''''''
at Falmouth
froth Port-au.Prince. , . 2342 69:7 2574 281 0
Previouslyja9sl9 33172 109286 1389 134 1045 1419 r?
902
PROGRESS OF CONSERVATISM. called at a cottage a mile further off. which he pointed out, we to take his part ; r hope he is not going to vex her, pour thin g . Celt,' . .
from Jaernet, at Falmouth
Left at Rio Bueno the • coesrivise,
. i Supply, t this port.
,r Frani. ate' Blackburn- Standiird.) should there learn how to proceed. We rewarded him by telling she has had trouble enough already. • Zeno, Mossop. from Jamaiea,,,,!. thellth June, in lat. 48. long. 21, : Cows. Sheep. Pigs. Horses. Calves. Lambs.
Availing tliesiselves Of every petty shift and degradinn, him he was a fine lid, and throwing him a " copper." He had
.[ l'o be concluded in our next.l Amelia, loading for Liverpool. v.,
for New Yolk. On Ist June, in lat. 41, . 87 247' - 0 0 79 0
-artifice to,counteract dip ' ' ' ' . ,--, - . 5 hardly beorne possessed of it,
growing spirit-or r..onservatism hi - when his companion came up to
m, and apparently claimed shares, when immediately there -- spoke the Emporium, h'teneme
long. 49,, the Balclutlia•strroan Matanzas for St. Petersburg
gford, at this port, with potatoes Previously 3520 39247 6259
...2_,......___-_---a..........-------_,_.-.....-...--
103 74 0
in the country, the eirsimppy Whigs are- damned to re- commenced a loud '"scutturah" in Welsh between them for Prime OP INION.-The most democratic, or, as i:ce should Venus, Linton, from
verses -on all hands. They cry with' him, whom Dr. pessession. We left them to settle the point. On we walked, sa h " t d• I " ' ••• 11 • f I:"
.1 ' ' t -- .
y, t e mos ra Ica , are espet et 5 ore o. t aiming o . „
~, •
r DATES AT LIVERPOOL. LIVERPOOL TIDE TAI3 I.E.
Johnson pronormeed the primitive Willa namely, a eer- and begah sensibly to feel the effects of heat, and exertion corn- themselves the favour and the patronage of caddie opinion. LAI 11,S .
Days. .111rn. . .Ern. , lit.
, r-, -
tain unmentionable personage Whose_ faults appear to bined. My friend began to lag, and while I was-taunting him e Public opinion," say they to the minister, " insiats upon t his ------- .F.aitglirea' i- rein Direct. Audi, ct. -
. • - , , . _____l-
- descended to hie- posterity in a foil bushel, bait whose at welkin as he was • nnin hi n e with
about beating him g. . fa g is If measure which yon -reject. or will not tolerate that measur,e From k,,ril ..14 Pernam .. May ,
' Calcutta....l ......
.k,
ci
~..„
Ti . . .
.. , .
H. 'll. H. M. F. I.
Tuesday ' 9 847 914'14 10 [Edw. King Wesi-Srax„'f
his hat, and puffing like a young porpoise, with a' green that he - which you propose." " Publicaippinion has destroyed you, ~,,,,,ay. . . pr, ...., i aranliam Slay. . 1*
activity and vigilante appear totally forgotten-withhim I,
ee could bearthe heet no longer, ee eeieedeemsets by the hair of they exclaim*, the conservetiveiee yet, somehow' or otber, while it,,,,j,
..... N. Orleans \Tay. ..25 Wednesday 2O 940 10 5i 15 5 i Aeces. of Queen Vie.
I • i- i- •ounnences.
March. 21 Mobile . , - Thursday . 2l 10 29 10 o 2 (la 10 Summer c .
_.
. they cri - E.
his bead, and throwing up into the air-nut his head-bin his I ; nu" e 1 •turititis .
hie m.nistry stand, and the conin•rvar Ives heroine et,Ll'l
r_y .1. v 9g
'1,;8, • "7„..,- Friday 22 11 15 11 35 -1510 1 alerts sets all 1.31 n eve"
t 't. lieleu, Savannah. .. , 'sm even
-ay. '•'''' a c.l. y 23 1. '7 -i 16 2.• . Saturn sets 11h 9
.
. "A 11 grind to us is 10-st-e4 be thou wig, with a loud hurrah challenged me to do that ir I could. I pnWerful, puidie opinion has shrunk front the ultra-radical pa_ s.
.tre.r.
April. .. IS Charleston May. . 2^. - . at" &•• • " . ..3
' ft Trin. Nat. of St.
' 1 P 2
•
Oar vow , . •., "
was obliged to acknoviledge my inferiority to- such superior ; who profess ti. take it for thoir guide, . ) i
. oil the •du , full sail to um J. . i •
Bahia
Aluml4 .....2-i 0'55 I 1151 la J ut
' • 1 [John /sap. 51 alsurn. •
`74ltaif tliu? failhwi Us 4=o.l.linit , theriaseire,, to everytking cltOliOcations. We travelled on to the eottagee weiere :we met a breezeless sky.-Moothly GO onicl, Ane,
.. ..- . . • .
