SELECT EXTRACTS.

lias been said that the houses are the graves
of the living ; and, certainly, if this be true, a very large por-
tion of our countrymen and women ar buried alive. The
French ridicule our in-door propensities, by saying that our
principal amusement, especially on Sundays, consists in stay-
in at home and looking out at the wind o• ows.—Curtis on
Heath.

DR. PARR.—The doctor was very fond of his choir, and
always encouraged them to sing a very long hymn or anthem
before the sermon, during which he used to steal into the
vestry, and smoke his pipe. When they had done, the clerk
informed him ; and if the doctor had not finished, he would
say, " John, tell them to sing the last two verses over again ;
my people love singing, and I love smoking."—Gardifier's
Reminiscences.

NURSING IN RUSSIA.—The traveller seldom sees infants
in a Russian village. In no part of the country did we ever
meet a woman with a child in her arms ; but there may, be
, seen, near all the houses, a small hand carriage, in which the
youngest of the family is dragged about. It is not unusual
to meet a woman returning from the distant field, pulling one
of these behind her, with a brat perched in it, swaddled up
like a mummied cat.—Bremner's Russia.
DRUIDICAL REMAINS.—In the mountains of Ardes, some
very curious remains of Druidical worship have been found.
The spot is very wild, and is supposed to have been the site
of a forest now destroyed. On digging below the grass, a
layer of charcoal, mixed with a pounded-vitrified substance,
presented itself, in the midst of which was hurried an inn,
containing a second, also vitrified, and of a square form, in
which were placed the fragments of bones which were not
consumed by fire, Round this vase, and at equal distances,
are three lamps. Within the excavation are fragments of
vases of different forms, resembling the most beautilul
Roman pottery.
MANUSCRIPTS.—Great havoc has been committed in Rome
among some valuable manuscripts which were supposed to be
in a place of safety; they belonged to a school founded by
Innocent X. and were of the time of Clement VIII. One
' of them being accidentally discovered in the shop of a pork
butcher, a search was made, and twenty-eight closets were
found to have been emptied by the cook of the seminary ,who
have sold them' to tradespeople. The Cardinal Lambruschini
then sent Professor Carti, accompanied by some gensdarmes,
to the different shops ; and only such a portion was reclaimed
as refilled seven of the closets.
LORD DURHAM'S REPORT.—Its pompous absurdities—its
pmerile pedantry—its distorted facts—its false reasoning—and
its monstrous inconsistencies are so flagrant as hardly to re-
quire any additional exposure. But, contemptible as it may
appear, it is produced under such ominous circumstances, and
seems to be fraught with so much insidious mischief, that we
think it our duty to place in their true light, a few, at least, of
its absurdities and iniquities :—a complete examination would
require a volume as bulky as itself, or as a President's message ;
which species of state paper it is, indeed, evident Lord Dur-
ham's uamarilla have kept before them as the true model of
dignity, wisdom, breveity, and elegance.— Quarterly Review.
NERVOUS YOUNG LADIES.—They are so occupied with
the minutiae of their own personal miseries, that they have
• no time to think of the sin and the sorrow existing in the
world around them. Whatever is proposed to them in the
way of doing good is sure to meet with a listless, weary,
murmuring denial ; for, if the hundred and one objections
arising out of other fancied causes should be obviated, there
are their endless and inexhaustible nerves. Alas, alas ! that
English women should ever have found themselves out to be
possessed of nerves ! Not the most exquisite creation of the
poet's facy was ever supposed to he more susceptible of pain
than is now the highly educated young lady who reclines
upon a couch in an apartment slightly separated from that in
which her father sells his goods, and but one remove from
the sphere of her mother's culnary toil.—Mrs. Ellis's Wo-
men of England.
ODD PEOPLE.—The passion for practical jokes upon a
great scale has long been extremely popular and predominant
A noble earl, not many years dead, in order to divert him-
self and two or three friends " at another's expense," used
sometimes to invite to dine with him some six men, each
minus an arm or a leg ; on another day, half-a-dozen worthy
personages, who were stone deaf; on another, half-a-dozen
others, whose obliquity of vision happened to be exceedingly
remarkable. One day, six bald men were asked ; on another,
three men, six feet tour high, with three men scarcely four
feet six ; on a third occasion, a neat half-dozen of stutterers
under some nervous affection, which induced them to keep
winking their eyes and twiching their noses at each other
during the whole time of the repast, perfectly unconscious
themselves' of the oddity of the proceeding.—New Monthl.y.
THE CHASE IN ITALY.—The chase, in Tuscany, is con-
fined exclusively to chasing the fair daughters of Eve, and
not the subtle fox and brindled wolf. Nimrod is a name un-
known in the:Florentine vocabulary, and, were Becher seen
taking a brook, or Berkely clearing a rasper, they would be
denounced as wilful suicides, and condemned for attempting
to commit felo de se.- However, mine Lord 13urghersh, the
most popular man in Tuscany, and perhaps, in Europe, did
start a pack of houn6, and hunt the country, to the con-
sternation of the Contadini, who looked on the hounds as
beasts'of prey, and mine gentle lord and his joyous train, as
truculent banditti, and frightened the air with clamours loud
and vehement swearing, by their apostle Peter, that their
fields were laid waste, and their vines d dto all eternity ;
nor did they cease their outcries until my lord paid the
sainted Peter in silver Pauls, and then, indeed, the note of
their chaunt was changed from Peter to Paul, as long as they
could grab the paoli. There has been some talk of starting
a subscription pack.—Sporting Review.
THE COLOUR OF FISHES.—With respect to the colour of
fishes, a very remarkable adaptation is to be noticed :—" The
resemblance," observes Mr. Swainson, " between the colours
of the flat fish in general to those of the ground they repose
upon, is so admirably ordered as to claim both attention and
admiration. The upper surface, or that which is exposed to
view, and to the action of the light, is invariably of some
shade of earthen brown, or' of greyish sand colour ; this is
broken by dots and blotches, either light or dark, blackish or
reddish, but always so disposed as perfectly to resemble those
under shadei, as they may be called, which are caused by the
inequalities of the ground, and the presence of particles of
different tints that may be upon it. Thus whether we con-
template the God of nature in his most sublime productions,
or in those provisions which he makes for the well-being of
his- most irrational creatures, the same principle of design—
the absolute perfection of design in executions--is equally
conspicuous.
HALID UT.—Our cousin Jonathan becoming every day more
and more wide awake to every thing, has just now discovered
that he has for years past been doing a very foolish thing in
the article of halibut—that is to say, he has been annually
throwing away thousands and tens of thousands of them as
utterly worthles when in fact they were all the while a very
evcellent fish ;—iteighing upon an average at least 501bs each;
and of course a good article for the employment of capital.
It appears that the railroads have been mainly accessory to
this discovery. "- Before the construction of the Providence
and Stonigton Rail-roads,"--says General Dearbron, in his
letters to the State Secretary of the state of Massachusetts—
" the whole number of halibut annually brought into Cape
Anne only, did not exceed 2,500 ; for not having been in de-
Mand by the public, the owners of vessels instructed the
crews to cut adrift all the halibut which they drew up, and
every year thousands upon thousands of this nutritive and
very exeellent fish, weighing at a moderate calculations 501bs
each, has been turned back into the deep each fatally wounded,
and dying the green sea red.' But now, such is the facility
afforded by the railroads for transporting them inland, that
160,000 are annually forwarded to New York alone ; weigh-
ing at least eight hundred thousand pounds, and producing
at only two cents. per lb. an income of sixteen thousand
dollars." - -

HUMANE SPORTING.—Captain Harris, in his Narrative
Van Expedition into South America, gives a long and ani-
mated account of slaughter committed on a herd of elephants.
We pass, however, the details of his useless cruelty, to extract
the following beautiful incident :—" Not an elephant was to
be seen," observes our author, " on the ground that was
yesterday teeming with them ; but on reaching the glen,
which had been the scene of our exploits during the early
part of the action, a calf, about three and a half feet high,
walked forth from a bush, and saluted us with mournful piping
notes. We had observed the unhappy little wretch hovering
about its mother after she fell, and having probably been
unable to overtake the herd, it had passed a dreary night in
the glen. Entwining its little proboscis about our legs, the
sagacious creature, after demonstrating its delight at our ar-
rival by a thousand ungainly antics, accompanied the party
to the body of its dam. The conduct of the quaint little calf
now became quite affecting, and elicited the sympathy of
every one. It ran round its mother's corse with touching
demonstrations of grief, piping sorrowfully, and vainly at-
tempting to raise her with its tiny trunk. I confess that I
felt compunctions in committing the murder the day before,
and now half resolved"--and thenlea-ptain Harris wiped the
tear from his eye, loaded his rifle, and went on with his goodly
work. It appears that the young elephant voluntarily ac-
couipanied the party to the waggons, where, notwithstanding
all the care bestowed on it, it died in a few days.
Mr. WAaftowN.—Dined yesterday [at Grand Cairo] with
Mr. Waghorn, to meet Lord and Lady Brudenell. His
lordship on his way to Cosseir, via" Thebes, where he hopes
to embark on the H. Lindsay steam-boat early next month
for Bombay. After dinner, we had a long and animated dis-
cussion on steam communication with India. Mr. Waghorn
is a very singular character, and were his zeal and bnthusi-
aim only tempered by a little more judgment and discretion,
is precisely the man to be the successful apostle of a new
system. Of iron frame and ceaseless activity of mind, (the
latter ever at high pressure,) he spares neither time, labour,
nor expense—hurrying night and day through sun, and sand,
and bog—to forward and expedite his despatches. Although
having no official situation under the Crown or the Com-
pany, he derives a handsome revenue from letters addressed
to his especial care. Great Britain and British India are
both much indebted to Waghorn, for it cannot be denied that
his zealous advocacy of the Red Sea route to Bombay has
been mainly,instrumental in rousing the attention of the In-
dian and home authorities to the subject. To the Com-
pany's officers, travelling to and from Bombay, he 'is ever
ready with his assistance and advice, Indeed, every English
traveller in Egypt finds a willing counsellor in Waghorn. I
speak from experience:—Cummzng's Notss of a Wanderer.
LIMA, Trin PARADISE OF PHYSICIANS.—A medical junta
in Lima is commonly continued morning and evening, and
from day to day, till the patient is pronounced to be out of
danger. As the junta breaks up after each private meeting,
it is customary for the :president of the meeting, or one of
the physicians to say, as he leaves his seat, " Vamos a con-
solar al enfermo,"—that is to say " let us go to console the
patient ;" and then all the doctors present re-enter the pa-
tient's apartment to console and soothe him ; and, after this,
one of the number steps forward to lay down the regimen—
" a dar el regimen "—agreed upon in consultation, and
which one or more nurses and attendants are now ready to
receive from the mouth of the physician. After the formality
of a junta is thought no longer necessary, it often happens
that, by the wish of the patient or his relatives, two or more
of the medical advisers return at different hours, but by mu-
tual agreement, for several days, by way of further security
to the sick, or as a source of satisfaction to his family. * *
A sample, on a little scale, of such fashionable follies, is fa-
miliar to the Limenians in the well-known local story of the
two doctors, who, for a month or more, daily met in consul-
tation at the house of a family in town where, as they reti-
red to the supposed privacy of a consultation room, the one
would clear his throat, and the other, " Come el enforma
hoy ?"—" May the patient eat to-day" To which the se-
cond doctor would reply, " Como no ? si comera. Why not ?
yes, he shall eat." Thus, day after day, began and ended
the consultation, as far, at least, as its topics of discussion
concerning the patient ; while the good old doctors spun out
a regular allowance of time before they rejoined the patient,
or his attendants, serenely to announce the well-matured re-
sult of their conference. A man of nous, accustomed to lis-
ten behind the scenes, at length broke in upon their consulta-
tion ; and dismissed them both one day by paying to each his
usual fee, and telling them both how happy lie was to And
that he now knew as much as themselves; for he could repeat
as' well as any body, " Come el enfermo hoy ? Como no ?Si
comera."—Smith' 8 ' Peru as it

PERSIAN WlT.—Many owners of gardens near cities in
Caubul are accustomed to charge a certain sum to visitors,
who are allowed to enter and eat a discretion The Persians,
who must invent a joke upon every thing, declare, that, at
Caubul, the eaters of fruit are weighed on entering and on
coming out of the gardens, and are charged for the differ-
ence ; and they tell how that a certain wag put stones in his
pocket, which he threw away in the gardens, so that, when
he had eaten his fill of fruit, and was weighed on coming out,
he was found lighter than when he had gone in, a problem
which long puzzled the wise men of " the city of one hundred
thousand gates."—Conolly's Overland Journey to India.
TRADITION EXTRAORDINARY !—There is now living, in
the vicinity of Aberdeen, a gentleman, who can boast person-
al acquaintance with an individual, who had seen, and con-
versed with another, who had actually been present at the
battle of Flodden Field ! Marvellous as this may appear, it
is not less true. The gentleman to whom we allude, was
personally acquainted with the celebrated Peter Garden, of
Auchterless, who died in 1775, at the reputed age of 131, al-
though there is reason to believe that he was several years
older. Peter, in his younger days, was servant to Garden of
Lroup, whom he accompanied on a journey through the
north of England, were he saw and conversed with the fam-
ous Henry Jenkins, who died in 1670, at the age of 169.
Jenkins was born in 1501, and was of course, twelve years of
age, at the battle of Flodden Field ; and on that memorable
occasion, he bore arrows to an English nobleman, whom he
served in the capacity of page ! Our reason for thinking that
Peter Garden was older than he is reported to have been, is
this ;—There are still living individuals, who knew Peter,
and to whom he used to boast, that he had served under
Montrose, and been present at the fight of Fyvie. He used
to say, he 'MIS then a ' gey loun,' and page Ogilvy of Forglen.
He had a vivid recollection of the encounter and of the per-
sonal appearance of Montrose. The battle of Fivie was
fought in the year 1644, and supposing that Peter was then
between 10 and 32 years of age, he must have been at least
141 years old when he died.---Aberdeen Journal.
THE HYENA.-The laugh of the hyena greatly resembles
that of a maniac, and has a startling effect as it steals
through the still night, even under our windows, which it
approaches' in search of food. The power of imitation given
to these animals is very extraordinary ; for they not only
cry like the quadruped, whom they wish to lure within their
reach, but they even seem to utter human sounds. The
commandant of a fortress on the western coast of Africa
assured a lady, that for several evenings he had been disturbed
at his dinner hour by the laughing and screaming of the
native women, who passed under the walls in search of water.
He sent his sergeant to them, who desired that they might
take some other path ; and they promised to obey. The
next evening, however, the noise was heard again, which
highly irritated the commandant • and he desired the ser-
geant to lie in alhbush on the third evening, and rushing
suddenly out on them, with a few soldiers, secure the women,
and bring them to him in the fortress. The men took their
station as ordered, the laughing recommenced, and out they
sallied, when, to their great astonishment, they only saw
three hyenas standing in the path which had been frequented
by the women, and so well counterfeiting their voices, that,
they could not have- been detected but by sight. These
hyenas are not very formidable, and will, at any time, rather
fly from than attack a human being. This species :of the
hyena are very common in American menageries ; but they
are so subdued' and powerless, from constant confinement,
and so fearfully watchful of the keeper's eye, that they never
manifest, as prisoners, any of the peculiar imitative sounds
which characterise them in their native regions.—Saturday
Magazine.

AN HOGARTRIAN DRESS.—On the present occasion, in
anticipation of Mr. Kneebone's visit, Mrs. Wood was
dressed with more than ordinary finery. A dove-coloured
kincob gown, embroidered with large trees, and made very
lcAv in front, displayed, to the greatest possible advantage,
the rounded proportions of her figure ; while a high-heeled
-red leather shoe did not detract from the symmetry of a very
neat ankle and a very small foot. A stomacher, fastened by
imitation diamond buckles; girded that part of her person
which should have been a waist ; a coral necklace encircled
her throat, and a few black patches, or mouches as they were
'termed, served as a foil to the bloom of her cheek and chin.
Upon a table, where they had been hastily deposited, on the
intelligence of Darrell's accident, lay a pair of pink kid
gloves, bordered with lace, and an enormous fan ; the latter,
when opened, represented the metamorphosis and death of
Actaeon. From her stomacher, to which it was attached by
a multitude of glittering steel chains, depended an immense
turnip-shaped watch, in a pinchbeck case. Her hair was
gathered up behind in a sort of pad, according to the then
prevailing mode ; and she wore a muslin cap, and pinners,
with crow-foot edging. A black silk fur belowed scarf co-
vered her shoulders ; and, over the kincob gown hung a'
yellow satin apron, trimmed with white Persian.—Mr. Ains-
worth's Jack Shepherd.
INCONGRUITIES OE AMERICA.—" Are you happy here ?"
I asked an Indian at Niagara. "Yes," he said, in a drawl-
ing tone of indifference. " Yes, very well. Hope this year
harvest will be good—last year bad ; and, of course, you
know, like all the rest of the world, we feel the pressure of
the times." There was something irresistably ludicrous in
hearing a Tuscorora Indian assert with the most business-like
air, that he felt " the pressure of the times." The words
were at this time a cuckoo-note throughout the Union ; it was
during the periiid of the suspension of specie payment by the
bands, and almost every man you met was suffering from
" the pressure of the times." After a little more friendly
conversation, in which my new acquaintance informed me,
in answer to my question, " why the village seemed so silent
and empty," that the people were gone to a meeting at the
" settlement," about a mile and a half from the village, we
parted. As we passed on towards our coach, we saw an In-
dian woman come from her little cottage into her neat paled-
off garden, with a basket of clothes she had been washing.
Things that under our noses at home are as familiar as house-
hold words, at such a distance and in such a place, from their
very similarity, are startling : think what an incongruous
jumble it must create in the brain, to see an Indian woman
of the Tuscorora tribe, dressed in a Manchester cotton print
gown, hanging a Spitalfields silk handkerchief, washed with
soap of Anglo-American manufacture, on a line in her gar-
den. Keeley's Journal, in the New --Monthly.
GREECE.—Upon this soil, shone upon by a glorious sun,
bathed by romantic seas, adorned to a profusion by the wild
and picturesque beauties of a luxurieut vegetation, a race of
men, no less amicably organiser, was cast by Providence, to
be trained and educated for the benefit of humanity— a race
endowed with activity and courage—possessing a bold and
poetical imagination—loving the mountains and the sea, and
,consequently independence and danger—fitted for everything
—for philosophy no less than for business—for the arts no
less than for virtue—for the labour of war no less than for
those of peace—a race gifted with an extraordinary and un-
rivalled genius, and the unappy ternami,f,w of we shame-
fully permit to perish before our eyes:, 1- Weete which was
the first to vanquish the barbarians, had; ffif' three centuries,
been their miserable slave. At length; after hiving suffered
so long—beholding around it civilized nations, which it might
regard as its children—beholding thernerowned with opulence
and favour—beholding them at peace with one another and
with the world, it arose fore liberty, with the hope that it
would not he abandoned by, them, and that having nothing
better to do, they would recall the remembrance of LeOnidag
and Themistocles.. But it presumed too far. Pillaged, btu-nett'
sold into slavery, it reached forth its hand unto us; it begged
to be allowed the meanest place among us ; it consented to.
become our servant, oor slave. But for six years nothing lias
been done to disturb the apathy of our diplomatists, and tli'e
charity of artizans was needed to supply it with bread for its'
hunger, with linen for its wounds, and with arms to sell its
last sigh more dearly.—Jouffry's Philosophy of History.
BYRON AND SHELLEY.—Maurice, the boatman employed
by Lord Byron, during his residence here, speaks of the
noble poet with enthusiasm, and loves to relate anecdotes of
him. He told us, that Lord Byron never entered his boat
without a case of pistols, which he always kept by him ; a
very superfluous ceremony, as Maurice used to think. He
represented him as generally silent and abstracted, passing
whole hours on the lake, absorbed in reflection, and then
suddenly writing, with extreme rapidity in a book he always
had with him. He described his countenance, to use his
own phrase, as " magnifique," and different from that of all
other men, by its pride (fierte was the word he used.)—"He
passed whole nights on the lake, always selecting the most
boisterous weather for such expeditions. I never saw a
rough evening set in while his lordship was at Diodati,"
continued Mauriee, " without being sure that he would send
for me ; and the higher the wind, and the more agitated the
lake, the more he enjoyed it. We have often remained out
eighteen hours at a time, and in very bad weather.. Lord
Byron is so good a swimmer, that he has little to dread from
the water.—Poor Mr. Shelley !" resumed Maurice, "we were
all sorry for him ! He was a different sort of man : so.gen-
tle, so affectionate, so generous ; he looked as if he loved
the sky over his head, and the water on which his boat
floated. He would not hurt a fly, nay, he would save every
thing that had life ' • so tender and merciful was his nature.
He was too good for this world; and yet, lady, would you
believe it ? some of his countrymen, whom I have rowed in
this very boat, have tried to make me think ill of him; but
they never could succeed, for we plain people judge by what
we see, and not by what we hear." ' This was, in language
somewhat different, the sentiment of our boatman's account
of Byron and. Shelley, two of the most remarkable spirits of
the age. He seemed to admire the first, but it is evident he
loved the second.—Countess of Blessington's Idler in Italy

STATIONS OF THE BRITISH ARMY,
ON THE IST OF APRIL, 1839.

Where two places are mentioned, the last-named is that at which
the Depot of the Regiment is stationed.]

(From the United Service Journal.)

Ist Life GuarAls—Regent's Park
2d—Hyde Park '
Royal Horse Guards—Windsor
Ist Drgn Gds.—Canada ; Leeds
2d—Manchester
3d—Leeds
4th—Birmirighasn; Ipswich
sth—York
6th—Dorchester
7th—Edinburgh
Ist Dragoons—Cork
2d—Dublin
3d—Bmigal
4th—Bombay
6th Cahir
7th Hussars—Canada ; Leeds
Bth—Dundalk
9th Lancers—Nottingham
10th Hussars—Hounslow
11th Light Dragoons—Cantrbury
12th Lancers—Brighton
13th Light Dragoons—Madras
14th—Birminghein
15th Hussars*—Chatham
16th Lancers—Bengal
17th—Dublin
Grenadier Guards (Ist batt.)
Portman Barracks
(2d batt.)—Canada
(ad batt.)—St. John's Wood
Coldstream Guards—(lst batt.
Wellington Barracks
(2d batt.)—Canada
Scotch Fusilecr Guards—(lstbatt
Tower
(2d batt.)—St. George's Barracks
Ist Foot (Ist batt.)—Edinburgh
(2d batt.)—Canada; Devonport
2d Foot—Bombay ; Chatham ,
3d—Bengal ; Chatham
4th—Madras ; Chatham
sth—lonian Isles ; Birr
6th—Bombay; Chatham
7th—Dublin
Bth—Jamaica ; Guernsey
9th—Bengal ; Chatham
10th—Limerick
11th—Canada; Chatham
12th—Mauritius ; Tralee
13th—Bengal ; Chatham
14th—West Indies ; Brecon
15th—Canada ; Plymouth
16th—Bengal ; Chatham
ljth—Bombay ; Chatham
18th—Ceylon ; Portsmouth
19th—Kilkenny
20th—Manchester
21st—Madras; Chatham
22d—Belfast
23d—America; Armagh
24th—Canada; Portsmouth
25th—Cork
26th—Bengal ; Chatham
27th—Cape of Good Hope—Dover
28th—N. S. Wales—Chatham
29th—Plymouth
30th—Bermuda ; Sunderland
31st—Bengal; Chatham
32d—Canada; Fermoy
33d—Gibraltar ; Carlisle
24th—Canada ; Templemore
35th—Mauritius ; Stirling
36th—America; Kinsale
37th—America; Cork
38th—Enniskillen
39th-:-Madras; Chatham
4, Ordered to India

40th—Bombay ; Chatham
41st—Madras; Chatham
42d—Dublin
44d—Canada; Dover
!41th—Bengal ; Chatham
I4sth—Windsor
146th—Gibraltar; Devonport
47th—Malta ; Jersey
'4Bth—Gibraltar; Fermoy
49th—Bengal ; Chatham
50th—N.S.Wales; Chatham
51st—V. D. Land ; Chatham
52d—West Indies; Tyne
53d—Ionian Isles; Naas
54th—Madras; Chatham
55th—Madras; Chatham
56th—Jamaica; Kinsale
57th,-Madras ; Chatham
58thf—Ceylon ; Cashel
59th—Malta ; Mullingar
60th (Ist battaln.)—lonian Isles;
Dublin
I(2d batt,).- lon. Isles ; Portsmouth
61stt—Ceylon ; Clonmell
62d—Madras ; Chatham
63d—Madras ; Chatham
64th—Jamaica ; Londonderry
65th—Canada ; Newbridge
66th—Canada; Youghal
67th—West Indies; Gosport
68th—Jamaica ; Waterford
69th—America; Cork
70th—West Indies ; Nenagh
71st—Canada; Buttevant
72d—Cape of Good Hope; Paisley
73d—Canada; Limerick
74tb—West Indies; Aberdeen
76th—Cape of Good Hope; Boyle
76th—West Indies ; Drogheda
77th—Malta; Galway
78th—Glasgow
79th-Dublin
40th—N. S. Wales ; Chatham
Itllst—Gibraltar ; Chester Castle
32d-Gibraltar; Sheerness
43d—Canada ; Tynemouth
Nth—Portsmouth •
85th—Canada ; Plymouth
86th—Stockport
87th—Mauritius; Castlebar
38th—Templemore
89th—West Indies ; Gosport
90th—Ceylon ; Chatham
gist—St. Helena; Dundee
52d—Malta; Birr
ad—America ; Buttevant
ath—Ceylon ; Cork
95th—Ceylon; Buttevant
96th—Bolton
97th—Birr
98th—Hull
99th—Athlone
Rifle Brigade (Ist battalion)—

yIEIS+.•,~ c

Weed° n
(2d batt.)—Woolwich
Royal Staff Corps—llythe
Ist W. India Regt.—St. Lucia, &c.
2d—N. Providence and Honduras
Ceylon Rifle Regiment—Ceylon
Cape Mounted Riflemen—Cape of

Good Hope
Royal African. Colonial Corps—

Sierra Leone
Royal Newfd. Veteran Companies,
Newfoundland
Royal Malta Fencibles, Malta
t Ordered Home.

g§iitpping Enttllignitt.

TUESDAY, Aram 9.—Wind E.S.E.

ARRIVED—RusseII, Connor, from New York ; sailed Ilth March—
Caledonia, Collin, from New Orleans—Margaret Ann, Newell, from
Newfoundland—John Brooks, (late Nichol) from Carthagena ; sailed
11th Feb.—Courier, Stamford, from Barletta—lntrepid, —, and
Ellen Clare, Roberts, from Leghorn—William Ingle, , and
Eagle, —, from Smyrna—Venture, Wilson, from Charleston;
sailed Ist March—Antioco, Nesember, from Trieste—Active,
and Ceres, —, from Ostend
OFF THE PORT—Heroine, from Pernambuco—Manchester, from
Mobile—Alciope, and Betsey, from Monte Video—Earl Powis, from
Mauritius—John Anderson, from Charleston
SAlLED—Admiral Benbow, Bruce, for Quebec—Paquebot de Cay-
enne, Petit, for Cayenne—Visitor, Lock, for Hambro'—Amazon,
Ballard, for Quebec—Le Schems, Consten, for Bordeaux

Patriot, Sawbridge, hence for Rotterdam at Plymouth
Aimwell, Rogers, hence at Waterford, leaky, and with sails split
Johan Gultzan, and Akkeboom, Potjer, hence at Copenhagen
Westchester, (Packet 13th ult.,) from New York, off Holyhead
at 12 yesterday, with loss of bowsprit.
Pioneer, Cook, Ancona ; Theseus, Money, Smyrna ; William
Sorlie, France, Trieste; at Gibraltar, 23d March, and all sailed for
Liverpool.

Shannon, Carpenter, and Brothers, Holmes, hence at Gibraltir
Henry Alexander, Sykes, hence at Ancona

Zante, Johnson, jien-ce at Zante

WEXFORD, April 7.—Part of a small boat came on shore at Glin,
about 20 miles north of this port, on the sth instant, marked "Mill-
mount, Belfast, Jas. Light, master."
Black-eyed Susan,Watkins, sailed from Constantinople for Odessa
ilthult.

Frederick, Brandt, and Four Brothers, Domcke, from Danzig for
this port, at Elsinore
Aimwell, Roger, hence at Waterford, leaky, and sails split
Patriot, Sawbridge, hence for Rotterdam, at Itymouth
Malcolm, Sim, from Sincapore off Falmouth, sailed 7th Nov.
Heroine, Jeat, from Pernambuco, at this port ; sailed 14th Feb.
in company wirh the Ironside, Mitchell, and Arethusa,
for Paraiba. On the 2nd instant, in lat. 50, long. 12, spoke the
George the Fourth.

Sarah Collings, Crabb, from Constantinople, at this port. On the
21st ult. off Malaga, spoke the Norfolk Hero, hence for Odesia.
On the 2gth, in lat. 41 0, long. 10 0, spoke the Pernambuciana,
(steamer) hence for Pernambuco

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 10.—Wind S.R. fresh.

ARRlVED.—Chevalier, Knight; Saladin, Simpson, and Tiberius,
Sears, from New Orleans—Betsey, , from Monte Video—
Mary Marsden, Williams• Kersweell, Glover; Laf, Erenich, and
Anterote, Sellers., from Trieste—Corriere de Memfi, Morteo, and
Mary, Martin, from Leghorn—Argus, Vantier, from Messina and
Palermo—Conoordia, , from Bremen Cariddi,
from Messina—and Britannia, St. Croix, from St. Übes.
SAlLED.—Scotland, Robinson, and Columbus, Cropper, for New
York—Elizabeth, Eskdale, for Richibucto—Fortuna, Taay, for Rot-
terdam—Susquehanna, Miercken, for Philadelphia—Henry, Cleat,
for Gibraltar—Mary, M'Kenzie, for Riga—Catherine, Coffey, for
Montreal—John Bull, Lund, for Pernau—John Bentley, Geach, for
Quebec—Symmetry, Butler, for Batavia—Rambler, Gilbart, for
Beirout—Te Deum. Franc, for Bourdeaux—Marie, Peraux, for
Nantz—and Royal Mail, Stokes, for Cadiz.
Mary Imrie, Boyd, hence at the Cape of Good. Hope 3rd Feb.
Hero of Malown, Gruhdy, hence at ditto 7th

Antigua Packet, M'Kdight, from London, at ditto 6th Jan
sprug a leak forward

Baidaster, Vertue, from London, at the Cape de Verds
Eliea Heywood, Heywood, from ditto at ditto, and sailed 24th
Dec. for Ascension

Royal Saxon, Towne, from ditto, at ditto, and sailed 26th Dec. for
Sydney, N.S.W.

Wanderer, Smith, from Calcutta, at St. Helena, and sailed 18th
Feb. for this port
Watkins, Whiteside, from the Mauritius, at ditto
Sisters, Short, hence at Trinidad in 31 days
"'Fanny, Sloan, hence at Charleston
Independence, Nye, hence at New York 12th ult.
Siren, Bro&s ; Henrietta Sophia, Hall, and Ocean, Patterson,
hence at Leghorn
Emerald, Avery, Patience, Bendendahl, & Traveller, Sutherland,
hence at ditto

Anion, Roberts, and Pantaloon, Chandler, hence at ditto
Nereid, , hence for Odessa, off Gibraltar 15th ult.
flebden, Fowler,, and Strathmore, Gavin, hence at Marseilles
Jmuise, Knudson, hence at Kiel
Acorn, Mills : Nautilus, Graf; Edmund Castle, Phail, and Pau•
line, Kraeft, hence at Swinemunde

Si. Patrick, Evil, hence for Hamburg, at Falmouth
Day, Huelin, sailed from Cadiz for Monte Video 20th ult.
Albion, Randall, sailed from Marseilles for this port Ist instant
Isabella Wick, M'Kap, was to sail from Leghorn about 11th ult.
Wild Irish Girl, Tooker, sailed from the Cape of Good Hope for
London gth Feb.

Amanda, Anderson, sailed from Leghorn for this port 22nd March
Richard Watson, Threadgold, sailed from Trieste 25th March, and
Catherine, Whiteway, on the 27th, both for this port
Philomela, and Abeona, were to leave Monte Video for the
United Kingdom on the 20th Jan.

Captain Ross, Hare, hence for Africa, was spoken 23rd ult. in lat
43 0, long. 16 0

Eliza, Saunders, -, hence for Constantinople, was spoken 2nd
instant, in lat. 4g 35, long. 9 35

Katharine Jackson, Dorry, from New Orleans, at this port ; sailed
from the Bay 4th March. On the 3rd instant, in lat. 44 30, long. 35
0, fell in with the Countess of Lonsdale, from Matanzas for Cowes,
a complete wreck, having been struck by some heavy seas during
a gale 29th ult. and lost two men overboard; the remainder of the
crew were taken off the wreck by the Andrew Jackson

Westchester, Ferris, from NeW York, at this port; sailed 14th
ult. On the 24th, in lat. 43 0, long. 53 0, in very thick weather,
ran foul of an iceberg, whicii carried away the bowsprit, and
opened the stem, and compelled them to throw overboard 200 bales
cotton and 500 chests tea, to lighten the ship
