COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE AND
MONEY MARKET:

NV EDNESDAY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
A letter from Mazatban of the 3d of August states that
General Urrea, had entered the port of Guayinar, and took
86,000 dollars, the product of the duties on Spanish vessels
which had anchored in that part.
Consols opened this morning at the leaving-off prices off
yesterday, 93% 94 for Money, 91 % for the Account. Ex-
chequer Bills, 69 71; India Bonds, 69 71; Bank Stock for
opening 208 '209; India Stock, '264 265. In the Foreign
Market very little doing; Spanish Actives, 124, with coupons;
Portuguese, 34% 35 ; do. Three per Cents., 221 23; Brazil-
ian, 831 1; Mexican, 22% 2.34; Colombian, 244251; Dutch
Two-and a-Half per Cents. 531 541; do. Five per Cents
1021 103.

HALF-PAST ONE.
A Quarterly Court of the Proprietbrs of East India Stock
was held this morning at the India House. Sr J. L. Lush-
ington in the chair. In answer to a question from Sir C.
Forbes, the chairman said that the trade in Hill Coolies had
been peremptorily interdicted. A sum of £5OOO. was then
granted to the family of the late Mr. Fraser, who was mur-
dered in March last while in the execution of his duty.
During the whole of the morning there has not been a
feature in the British market worth attention. Consols
eontinue in the same steady state as in the early part of the
morning, 93! 91 for Money, and 94 for the Account, with
little business doing. Exchequer Bills, 69 71 ; India Bonds
71; Bank Stock for opening, 208 209; India Bonds, 264
265. In the Foreign Market scarce a bargain doing. Spanish
Active continues heavy at 18i ; Portuguese, 341 35 ; Three
per Cents. 2212 23; Brazilian, 833 i 4; Mexican, 224 5;4 •
Colombian, 2=115 %; Dutch Two-and-a-half per Cents. 54-14
Five per Cents. 1024 3

FOUR O'CLOCK.
Consols for Account, 94 Spanish Bonds, 18% Por
tuguese Five per Cent. New Bonds, 31-1.
(From the official list, containing the business actually
transacted.)
BRITISH FUNDS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock, India
3 per Ct. Red., —Stock,Bonds,
70 69 71 pm.
3 per Ct. Con., 943% 4% Bank Stock for Acct.
3i per Ct. Anna. 1818,. Consols for Acct., 9-1
3.:z per Ct. Red., £lOOO Ex. Bills, 7! 63 pm.
New 3!‘i per Cents. 102 lit 2 . £5OO do. 70 72 p.m
Long Ans. 1860, 15i 11-16 Small do. 70 72 pm.
Ditto, 30 yrs. 1859, Ditto Commercial,
Ditto, 30 yrs. 1860, 151 7-16

Sl-IAI
(The quotations give the actm
premium or

IES.
11 price, without reference to
discount.)
London and Croydon New
Scrip, 9:1
Lanchester and Birmingham,
1O
Northern and Eastern, 61 7
Colonial Bank, 27,“
!tic.rip, 27
London Joint Stock Bank,
National Provincial Bank of
England, 33
, Manchester and Leeds,
South Midland,
Bristol and Exeter,

Cobre Copper, 37 8
Birmingham and Gloucester,
18
ii Cheltenham and Great Wes-
#. tern, li
i Great Western, 81 SO
, London & Brighton, 91 D
London & Blackwall, 54 651
London and Birmingham,
London and Southampton,

London and Croydon Trunk
16',
Eastern Counties, 51:

MISCELLANEOUS

The Dublin Evening Post of Saturday says that, with the
exception of wheat, the crop in Ireland will be more than an
average one.
Madame Albertan', who appears at Drury-Lane on Mon-
day next, although the prima donna of the Italian stage, is
English by birth. '
We regret to announce the demise of Sir Henry Oxenden
Bart., who died rather suddenly at Broome Park, near Can-
terbury, on Friday morning last.
Sir W. W Wynne, Bart., the lord lieutenant of Denbigh-
shire, has retired from the command of the yeomanry of that
county.—Shropshire Journal.
FAILURE OF THE Fin CROP.—We learn from Patras that
the currants, raisins, and figs of the Levant have generally
failed in produce this season.—Galignalti.
At a late meeting of the Working Men's Association, at
Coventry, one of the placards called for " cheap law, cheap
religion, and cheap money "—Coventry Herald.
Lord Leicester's second son, the Hon. E. Coke, who has
just attained his fourteenth birth-day, on Wednesday last,
shot 2-11 brace of partridges.—Norwich Mercury.
A latter from Alexandria of the Ist instant states that the
Nile rose on the 26th ult. to its accustomed height, and that
all fear of an unproductive season was therefore at an end.
COA L.—The Cheltenham and Forest of Dean Coal Min-
ing Company have hit upon a vein of coals at one of their
pits at Newham Bottom ; a third shaft has since been sunk
with similar success.
Mr. Berthon is about to build a new church at Bradford,
at his own expense ; the site fixed on is in the centre of three
methodist chapels, and five other dissenting ones.—Halifax
Guardian.
GREAT WESTERN It attway.—The receipts on the line
from the London terminus to Maidenhead (only about 26
miles) have, in the 88 days from June to the end of August,
amounted to nearly £21,000.—Reading Mercury.
The noble premier, being shut up in a close carriage at the
late review at Windsor, while his royal mistress appeared on
horseback, is looked upon as a precious specimen of cock-
neyism in the military circles.
A French literary gentleman, the Count de la Ville Mar-
quette, has been commissioned by Louis Philip to write a
history of Wales ; he has been invited to attend the next
anniversary of the Abergavenny Cymreigyddion.
GLOUCESTER Musical, FESTIVAL.—Is is reported that the
stewards are £l5OO out of pocket by the late Gloucester fes-
tival, the expenditure being £SWO, and the receipts little
more than £3500. We hope this may turn out incorrect.—
Hereford Journal.
A remarkably fine. Colley dog recently followed the
" Union" coach front Cockburnspath to this town, a distance
of ninety miles! With the field running, which could not be
less than thirty miles, it must have run altogether one hun.
dred and twenty miles in one day.—Newcastle Journal.
Mrs, James, the widow of the late Mr. James, the we'

,
known naval historian, has written a letter to a morning
paper stating that the paragraph which has gone the round
of the journals, announcing that a pension had been granted
to her by government, is untrue.
Messrs. Gurney and Espinasse, the revising barristers for
East Surrey, have fixed their court to be held at Wandsworth
on Monday the 31st inst., a day not to be found in the calen-
dar, either this year or any other. Proceeding from this mis-
take all the subsequent days are wrongly appointed.
Her Majesty has subscribed £3OO in aid of church extension
in Scotland. We trust that her example will be followed by
her numerous subjects of rank and fortune who have hitherto
delayed sending their subscriptions.
William Cotton, Esq., high sheriff for the county of Essex,
has no intention (as was stated to he the case in the London
journals) of offering, himself as a candidate for the Tower
Hamlets, in the event of a general election.—Chelmsford
Chronicle.
CAUGHT IN HIS OWN SNARE.—On Thursday, Mr. Levick,
of Wellington-sheet,
was shot in the leo' by a spring gun,
placed by himself in his warehouse, in order to catch any
thieves that might attempt to rob the premises; he received
part of the charge of shot, but the wounds are not considered
dangerous.—She ield Iris.
"One of our ministers," says the Journal de Paris, " has
the singular mania of venting his ill humour by throwing his
hat on the ground, and, as his irritation increases, the unoffend-
ing castor gets kicked all round the room. Toe affair of
Prince Louis Napoleon has already cost his excellency three
bats !"
The Great Western Steam Ship Company are about to
build another vessel, of equal size to the Great Western, and
she will be called the City of New York. A large cargo of
African oak timber has been purchased by the company for
this and other ships. The Great Western is to sail from
Bristol the 27th of October, on her fifth voyage to New York.
O'Connell has in his last letter to the riot-payers fallen
foul of his once-dear friends the English radicals, whom he
openly assails as "doing much more harm than good." For
once the agitator speaks truth • but then his once dear friends
may at least return the compliment. There is no better tes-
timony to the cowardice and' insincerity of this man than
this, that when here there is no flattery too excessive to load
us with, but no sooner is he returned to his own dunghill
than England and everything English are the objects of his
ceaseless vituperation.—Morning Herald.
A YOUNG DESPER A DO.—A boy, partied William Robinson,
was brought before the Mayor on Saturday, having run away
from his father, at Barton, in Lincolnshire. for the sixth time,
and taken several other boys with him. The companions of
the defendant, who is only 13 years old, stated that he pro-
posed to them to rob an attorney living at Hull, who usually
bad a great deal of money about him! to rob the windmills ! !
and, lastly, to break in and rob the Hull bank! !! The
youthful gang had followed their captain from Lincolnshire
upon the above-named desperate expedition.—Hall Paper.
MURDER.—On Tuesday, Mary Evans, a very young girl,
who had been discharged, with her infant, from Tenbury
Union Workhouse, where she had lately given birth to the
child, whilst on the road to her brother's, with whom she had
declared her intention of leaving the child, and going to ser-
vice herself, threw it into the river Teme, where the body was
afterwards picked up. At the inquiry the wretched mother,
who had been taken into custody, acknowledged having
thrown the infant into the water, and the jury returned a
verdict of wilful murder against her. The child was a
female about a month old. The mother was committed for
trial.—Hereford Journal.
THE VlNTAGE.—According to accounts from Bordeaux,
the vineyards are in a promising state, and it was expected
that, if the weather should but continue fine there for another
fortnight, the superior quality of the wine would in some
degree compensate for the reduced quantity of produce. The
reports from Orleans, on the other hand, show that the ga-
thering will not be one-fourth of the average produce.
The St. George Steam-packet Company's steamship Sirius
left London on Sunday, the Ist instant, and arrived at St.
Petersburgh on Sunday, the 9th; left Cronstadt on Sunday,
the 16th, and arrived off the London Docks on Sunday after-
noon, having performed the outward voyage iii eight, and the
homeward in seven days, including considerable detention
both ways at the Sound.—Murning Herald.
WARRANT AGAINST A BENCH OF COUNTY MAGISTRATES.
—The parish officers of St. Nicholas, Worcester, applied to
the corporation magistrates for a warrant against the justices
of the peace for the county of 'Worcester, for refusing to pay
poor-rates for the judges' lodgings in that city. Tile over-
seer said, that on applying to the county treasurer, the clerk
of the peace, and one of the judges' officers, they refused to
pay the sum of £2 95., being the rate assessed on a presumed
rental of £121) a-year, alleging that the lodgings provided for
the Queen's judges were not liable to rates. The Mayor of
'Worcester said it was a hard case on the parish that the
justices did not pay for the rates of the dwelling-house: it
seemed to him an equitable claim, and he did not know on
what grounds they refused payment. A warrant was granted
against the justices of the peace for the county, who were
ordered to attend before the corporation magistrates, to show
cause against the rate.—Worcester Journal.
IMPORTATION OF FOREIGN CORN.—We understand that
Messrs. Latham and Co., agents for Lloyd's at this port, have
orders to detain several vessels, foreign as well as British,
now on their passage to Liverpool, laden with wheat. The
names of the vessels are—from Dantzic : Christina, Ida Ma-
ria, Isabella Dick, Monarch, Guiseman ; from Hamburg—
Mary Scott, Malta, Hope, Courier, Nancy; from Elbing—
Eclipse ; from Bremen—HernianD,Anna Maria; from Wis-
mar—Fanny, Fortuna; from Rostock—Dorette; from Stral-
sund—Commerctum.. 'We presume the reason for their de-
tention is to enable the merchants to take advantage of the
present rate of duty on that description of grain, which
might be much higher before they could reach their original
port of destination.—Doter Chronicle.
HORRORS OF THE PRIZE-RING SYSTEM.—After the prize
at Corse Lawn, on Monday, the gang of thieves accompany-
ing the combatants pbssed over Corse-bridge, refusing to pay
the toll; and after the fight the took possession of the Green
Dragon Inn by storm, placing one of the combatants in the
best bed in the house. The thieves then went into every room
in the house, turned out every cnpboard, box, and drawer,
which they broke open without ceremony, and openly helped
themselves to whatever they pleased; after this robbery they
went to the Stow-bridge, where they acted in the same way
The cruelty of these ruffians exceeds belief, for, not content
with pilfering what they chose, they wantonly broke and de-
stroyed things they did not find it convenient to steal.—Cor-
rea/;041,11 Asttsat the Worcester Journal.
0 N...P.' ---)
-!. I, (A 7.
~;,, , .:02

W.; I**" -•
•
•••••,
-re ,
••••••4::r
••••• •••
•
•
,
w▪
oo
• , I

On Tuesday last, a splendid female specimen of that rare 1
bird, the peregrine falcon (falco peregrinus ), was shot by Mr.
Walter Roper, of this city, whilst in the act of stooping at
some pigeons, and fell on the Duke's palace bridge. An
almost unprecedented occurrence for a bird of retired habits
like the peregrine, and so rare in Norfolk, to have been
killed in the centre of a large city.—Norwich Mercury.
We understand that government has decided on establish-
ing a line of steam-packets between this country and Halifax,
N.S., an& that the contract will be thrown open for public
competition. We need not point out the advantage to com-
mercial communications which will result.—GovernmentPaper.

The British Association for the Advancement of Science
has awarded £lOO for a completion of the level of the lines
between the Bristol and English Channels made by Mr.
Bunt under the direction of the Rev. Mr. Whewell; and
£lOO to the Rev. Mr. Whewell for discussions of the tides at
the port of Bristol.
SHARK IN THE FIRTH OF FORTH.-011 Wednesday last
week, the boat's crew of Mr. James Kelly, of Cantabay, (a
few miles east of North Berwick,) when fishing for herrings
in Dunbar bay, were much surprised in finding a shark of
great size entangled in their nets, which they with great diffi-
culty succeeded in getting into their boat, where they accom-
plished his destruction ; but not before one of the crew had
his arm slightly lacerated. The monster was upwards of
seven feet in length, three feet nine inches in circumference,
twenty-three inches across the tail, had three rows of formid-
able teeth, and was supposed to weigh from 10 to 12 cwt.
The fishing village of Cantabay has been in a state of com-
motion ever since the monster was brought to land.
GREAT WESTERN COTTON WORKS.—The following no-
tice of these great works, will show that our neighbours at
Bristol are beginning to exert themselves in earnest. The
establishment is one of the most splendid in the kingdom.
The cotton mill contains five floors, each 60 feet in width,
and extending 300 feet in length; the whole of which is fire-
proof. The machinery of the mill will be wrought by two
steam-engines, of eighty-horse power each, having six fifty-
horse boilers. These engines are so constructed as to work
together. The fly-wheel of the engines weighs forty-five
tons. The weaving room is 250 feet by 350 feet: it will con-
tain 1000 power-looms, employing 500 hands, and producing
from 160,000 to 180,000 yards of coarse calico per week.
There are no fewer than 9(X) windows in these immense
buildings. It is said that this establishment will give em-
ployment to 4000 persons. There is also a building where a
part of the machinery necessary for the establishment is ma-
nufactured, and which combines five or six different trades.
An engine of 20-horse power is employed for this depart-
ment,—Gloucester Chronicle.
A CURIOus AIETHOD OF FINDING THE OWNER OF STOLEN
PROPERTY.—A few nights since Sergeant Reeves, of the M
division of police, stopped a man carrying something bulky
in a Sack through Snow-fields. The sergeant questioned
the man as to the contents of the sack and where he was
taking it at that late hour of the night, when on a sudden
the fellow threw down his load and made a hasty retreat. In
Reeve's attempt to follow the fugitive he fell over the sack and
hurt himseJ seriously, and wash unable to pursue hium. Vpon
opening the bag it was found tti contain 57 live pigeelns, wok!)
the sergeant took to the Station in Southwark-bridge-road,
where in the morning a consultaton was held among the
police-officers about the readiest way of discovering the real
owner of the birds, when it was suggested that one should be
taken from the sack and sat at liberty, with a label attached
to its leg, in terming the person owning it where the rest of
its companions were to be seen. This was accordingly done,
and in the course of a short time after the pigeon's depar-
ture, Mr. Brown, of Long-lane, Bermondsey, came to the
station and claimed the pigeons as his property, which had
been stolen on the night previous from his premises, and they
were delivered to him.
" 80-PEEP."—There seems to have been more than one
instance lately of what may be called playing at "bo-peep"
with courts of justice. One gentleman walks into Newgate,
and tells the keeper that he is come to be tried. " Really,
sir„:' says the keeper, " I have not the pleasure of your ac-
quaintance; so pray go about your business," which the self-
devoted accordingly does ; and, like a man of gallantry,
gives place to a lady, who, having been acquitted, the gen-
tleman aforesaid re-surrenders, walks into the dock, bows to
the court and jury, and is acquitted also. Then comes
another gentleman, also accused of murder on the verdict of
a coroner's jury, and sends word to the Queen's judges at
the Old Bailey, by means of his counsel, politely informing
them that if they will only appoint a day for his trial he will
do them the honour of waiting upon them. The judges,
with the utmost urbanity, atter consulting the list of their
other engagements, name a day; but when it arrives the
gentleman in question sends an excuse, and declines keep-
ing his own solicited appointment on the score of his coun-
sel being ill, Now all this is very polite and amusing, and
what not; but is it consistent with the dignity and respect
which ought to belong to a court of justice ? We think it is
not. 'lt resembles rather too much a game at " bo-peep,''
which, on such an arena, would formerly have been consi-
dered very much like " playing with edged tools."—Morn-
ing Herald.
GOING AS FREIGHT.—An Irishman, whose funds were ra-
ther low, had footed it all the way to Wheeling, and was still
desirous to get as far as Portsmouth, thence to proceed by
canal to a point not far distant from the latter place, where
work was to be obtained. Having worn his toes through his
boots, and the heels of a pair of old shoes quite low, he gave
up the idea of using " Shanks's mare" any longer. There
were plenty of steam-boats puffing and blowing at the landing,
and he became quite fascinated at the idea of such an easy
mode of conveyance. "Captain, dear," said he, stepping on
board a beautiful craft, "Captain, dear, and what'll you charge
to take me to Portsmouth?" "Seven dollars in the cabin."
" Siven dollars ! arrah ! given dollars ! Why, captain, dear,
I bav'nt the half of that sum." "Oh, never mind that, Pat,
I'll take you as a deck passenger for three dollars, if you'll
half work your passage, that is, help the hands to wood the
boat." Pat mused some minutes un this proposition, and
then put another question. " And captain, dear, what'll you
take about 1601bs. freight for ?" " charge you 75 cents.
for that." "'Then, captain, you see, Pm just the boy that
weighs that—so you can enter me as freight, and I'll stow
away snug enough, somewhere below stairs." A proposition
so novel pleased the captain highly, and, calling one of the
hands, he gave directions to have 'Pat stowed away in the
bold, and ordered the clerk to enter on the freight list:—" One
Irishman, weighing 1601b5." Pat kept snug until he reached
Portsmouth, a distance of 365 miles, having shown himself
but twice, and for only a few minutes at a time, during the
passage. There be paid his frieght of 75 cents. honourably;
and was next seen with his bundle, tramping it along the
tow-path of the canal for his desired destination.—Baltimore
Atheneum.
THE MANCHESTER DEMONSTRATION.—The leaders of the
nobility of radicalism and republicanism had a grand field-
day on Kersal-moor, Manchester, on Monday last. They
mustered an immense number of persons to hear the orators
in favour of universal suffrage, vote by ballot, wages for
members of parliament, and the abolitioa of the corn-laws.
The town was in a state of excitement from so early an hur
as five o'clock in the morning; processions of men marching
through the town to the place of meeting. It is said, that
nearly 250,000 people were present; a vast number of these
however, were indifferent to the object of the promoters of
the meeting. About 50,000 might be congregated in the
neighbourhood of the hustings', and the remainder scattered
over the moor, some amusing themselves by playing at. leap-
frog and other games, whlist vast multitudes were drinking
in the _booths. The speeches were of the same character as
those delivered here. The principal persons present were
Mr. Fielding, M.P.. chairman, Mr. W. G. Seed, Mr. J.. W.
Hodgetts, Mr. Feargus O'Connor, Mr. M. Fletcher, (sur-
geon, of Bury,) Mr. 1, itton, (of Roy-ton,) Rev. J. R. Stephens,
(Ashton,) Mr. Whittle, (editor of the Champion, of London,)
Mr. Wroe, Mr. Nightingale, Mr. R. J. Richardson, Mr.
Richard Cobbett, Mr. Holladay, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Collins,
Mr. Wheeler, Mr. Cliffe, Mr. Pearce, Mr. Doherty, Mr.
Duffy, Mr. A. Taylor, Mr. Lowry, (of Newcastle-upon-
Tyne,) &c. Immediately in front of these, upon a lower
part of the hustings, it a temporary desk erected con-
veniently enough for their use, was the press, amongst whom
we observed Mr. Bean, editor of the Liverpool Albion, Mr.
Dignan, of the Liverpool Chronicle, and others. The above
may be considered the representaves of the people of Eng-
land, and the architects of the national convention for the
protection of the people's rights
LONDON, EDINBURGH, AND GLASGOW RAILWAY.—AII
the lines of this great national undertaking between York
and LOndon are expected to be finished in the spring of 1840.
That portion of the line between York and Darlington will
be let to various contractors during the course of the present
month, and the line from Darlington to Newcastle will, it is
expected, soon be entered on. In reference to an extension
of the line northward,. we find the following remarks in the
Report read at the fifth half-yearly meeting of the Great
North of England Railway Company, which was recently
held at Darlington :—" Looking at the Great North of Eng-
land Railways, forming part of the national line of communi-
cation between the northern and southern capitals, the share-
holders will learn with satisfaction, that Mr. George Stephen-
son has recently been engaged, under the authority of an
In-
influential committee in the north, in making a
spection of the country between Edinburgh and Newcastle
the opinion of that gentleman being, from his acquale'
with the country, that the eastern side of the island presents
greater facilities for an excellent locomotive line into Scot-
land. .An act for the formation of a railway between Edin-
burgh and Glasgow being already obtained, and there being
no doubt of the eastern line to Edinburgh being now prose-
cuted with energy, and the necessary steps taken to obtain
parliamentary powers for its formation, this undertaking
cannot fail. by enhancing the revenue of the Great North of
England Railway, to promote its interests to a great extent."
—Newcastle Journal.
EFFECTS OF GAMBLING IN AMERICA.—The reckless
sporting with fortune as well as lives on the great rivers of
the west has become alarmingly important, and too often
leads to assassination and murder. The Grafton Backwoods-
man has an article on the prevalence of gambling on board
of the steamers on the western river. It records the deaths
of several individuals in an unaccountable manner, and the
following extract shows a state of morals almost too degraded
for belief :—" Numbers have come to the west, taken passage
on board a boat, and never been heard of again. In re-
peated instances, within the last few years, letters have been
addressed to us from a distance, with anxious inquiries for a
friend from whom no tidings had come since he was on the
point of embarking:on board of a boat. It was feared that
he had fallen overboard or died on the passage, and we
were implored in the most affecting terms to seek intelli-
gence of his fate. Our earnest endeavours, in most in-
stances, have proved unavailing. Could the deep and turgid
waters of our rivers reveal thgir secrets, they would but ex-
plain but too often the long silence of those absent friends.
The midnight gambling, the fierce quarrel, the dirk, and the
sudden plunge of the ghastly corpse, with heavy weights
attached, all follow each other in quick succession, and with
the unerring certainty with which effect follows cause."—
New York Paper.

his life
noted

SWINDLING IN THE COMMERCI.kI, WORLD.—A system of '
swindling almost unprecedented has recently been brought '
to light—a system the most organised and complete, and '
carried on with a success which has hitherto been unparalleled.
Not less than eight or nine individuals in different parts of
the town and country have constituted the iniquitous gang.
The principal lived in Botolph-lane, to whom references for
the respectability of the other parties were made. Upon in-
quiry about either party, the ledger of the Botolph-lane con-
cern was opened and freely shown to the inquiring dupe.
Debits and credits to large amounts appeared, and the cus-
tomers appeared most desirable ones, and not the least sus-
picion was therefore entertained. Goods were bought, taken
to Botolph-lane, and disposed of at an immense sacrifice.
Such goods have been traced to the neighbourhood of Tower-
hill. Not content with this system of fleecing, they had re-
course to the manufacturing of fictitious bills—a large
amount of which has got into circulation both among the
hankers and discount brokers of this city. It is supposed that
the Fra Diavolo of this banditti is now on his way to America
in the Great Western.—Morning paper.
HUMAN INCUBATION.—Mr. B. Wetherall, of Lincoln,
(the father of a lady of high rank in Guernsey) has been for
many years an invalid, and spent the last thirty years of his
life ebielily on Ids sofa. His disease .kept him. .;_a:4.1.ze... uiaht
and day, and, being a man or placid temper, arid devoted
to animals of every kind, he spent much of his time in rear-
ing them. Amongst those that he particularly patronised
were to be found the finest specimens of monkeys, hedge-
hogs, and the various breed of birds. It happened one year
that one of his cropper pigeons during incubation rejected
ode of its eggs; but, determining that no part of the pro-
geny of his favourite Fanny should be frustrated, he resolved
to rear the egg himself. He accordingly took it into his own
bosom, wrapped it up in flannel, and turned it night and day,
watching over it with a mother's care. At length the event-
ful period arrived when the feathery wonder was to be
ushered into the world. It tapped at first lightly at the shell,
and its beak was soon peeping through the opening which it
made. It was fed at first by Mr. Wetherall with bread and
. water from his mouth, and it throve famously. The only
peculiarity of the little animal was that its legs were a little
bowed, so that its claws was turned inward.—Guernsey Sun.

RADICAL MEETING.

During the last fortnight the walls of this town and the vi-
cinity have been thickly placarded with large posting bills
headed "Grand Radical Demonstration,"—in which it was
set forth that on Tuesday, September the 25th, "a public
meeting of the inhabitants of Liverpool" would be held in the '
Old Infirmary Yard " for the purpose of adopting a national
petition and the people's charter."
In pursuance of this announcement a meeting was held on
Tuesday. Opposite to London-road, against the back of the
building formerly used for a Cholera Hospital, a small plat-
form, capable of containing about thirty persons, was erected.
In front of this were three small flags or banners, the middle
one being a miniature royal standard. At the northeast cor-
ner of the yard fluttered a British ensign. On the platform
were Messrs. Feargus O'Connor, Macfarlane, G. Edmunds,
Thomas Smith, J. Acland, and several individuals whose
names we could not learn. Amongst the persons present
(with the exception of L. Heyworth, Esq.) we did-not ob-
serve a single individual of respectability connected with the
whig, or what is termed the liberal party of the town. Ac-
cording to the nearest calculation we could make there were
present on the ground from eight to twelve hundred persons.
During the whole time individuals kept arriving and others
departing, but we should say that not more than twelve hun-
dred persons were present at any one time. Mr. Feargus
O'Connor and Mr. Edmunds, attended by several other per-
sons, arrived about twelve o'clock.
On the motion of Mr. John Robinson, seconded by Mr.
Poole, Mr. Goodfellow was appointed to the chair.
The CH ram aN addressed the assembly as fellow-workmen,
and said he had been appointed to take the chair on this mo-
mentous occasion. He assumed the office with great (JUR.
Bence as he was not accustomed to address such an assembly,
he might safely say that this was the proudest moment o
L'he working classes of this town had long been
heir good behaviour at public meetings, and h e
uouoica not on this occasion they would show that they
merited the character which they had attained in this respect.
He need not say he was glad to see the working (lasses thus
steppine, forward to assert their rights. It would be once-
cessary"for him to repeat his hope that every individual would
keep the greatest quiet and order. Their enemies must not
have it to say that they were an unruly and disorderly mob.
They were met that day for the purpose of considering upon
the best means of attaining universal suffrage, vote by bal-
lot, yearly parliaments, no property qualification, (hear) and
payment of members—(hear, hear, from Feargus O'Connor)
—for the duty which they performed ; these were the rights
which they wished to have granted to them, and to which he
conceived they were entitled. He would not. trespass further
upon their time, as they had many eloquent speeches to hear
from individuals much more capable than he was of expound-
ing to them the principles which they advocated. Once more
he recommended peace and good order and should proceed to
business. He should call upon a working man,—his friend
Mr. Robinson, who would propose the first resolution.
Mr. JOHN ROBINSON also addressed the assembly as fellow-
workmen. He was-called upon to bring under their notice a
resolution whicli contained a great and important principle;
a principle villah; if carried out to its full effects, could not
fail ultimatel!surMring peace and content, and to work bene-
ficially for the people of this land. The principle to which
he alluded was universal suffrage, (hear and partial cheers)
or the right for every man in this nation to vote for those
who should represent the people in the Commons' House of
Parliament. This was a principle which was grounded on
truth and justice, and their worst enemies, while they opposed
it, dare not deny the justice of it. It was their right, and no
arguments had ever yet been advanced which could impugn
that right. While their enemies dare not deny the justice
of this principle, they visited them as ignorant and unlearned :
—they said they were so ignorant that they were not to be
entrusted with a privilege so great as that of voting for them-
selves. If they were to change places with those who talked
thus, if they had the power, what would be said if they acted,
not upon the principle of Christian charity, which said, " do
unto others as you would they should do unto you," but upon
the principle of doing unto them as they had done while they
were in power? If they did thus, would they not usurp all
the place and power, and grind down their oppressors as those
individuals had ground them down? (Hear, hear.) But
they would not do so,—their principle was not of that nature ;
—it was too holy and just and good,—they were for equal
rights and equal privileges. They were told by their enemies
that they were a disorderly, wild, and untractable mob. But
they were no such thing. They were individuals quietly but
firmly looking for that which was theirs by every principle
of justice—theirs by the inalienable rights of man. They
told them that they were levellers. Thew said that to the
radicals of Liverpool, and he would ask them if, even as ra-
dicals, they had such a subject under their consideration, if
ever such a thing was contemplated by them? As ignorant
as they were, as they had been stigmatised with being, they
knew well how to respect the sacredness of property; and
their property, be it little or much, was as sacred to them as
was the property of the most wealthy man in the kingdom to
him. Their property was sacred to them, as it was acquired
by the labour of their hands and the sweat of their brow, and
they knew how to value it. It they had no other property
than that which was the fruit of their labour, they might say
they wanted no more than a good day's work and a good
day's wages. (Hear, hear.) Their enemies said they were
disloyal, but they never were, and they never intended to be
disloyal. While they respected the rights of others, they
also respected their own, and all they sought were those
rights. As ignorant as they were, they had learned to know
their rights, and they would not be worthy of the name of
either Englishmen, Irishmen, or Scotchmen, if, knowing
them, they did not seek to obtain them. They had met for
an important duty, and one to which they were bound to give
the most calm and attentive consideration ; but as other
speakers would claim their attention, he should draw his re-
marks to a conclusion. Mr. Robinson here read the resolu-
tion, and said, he hoped they would take into earnest consi-
deration the great principles which it embodied, and that
when the petiticru came before them for signature, they would
not neglect it. Let them remember that all they wanted was
their rights; that they wanted their full rights, and nothing
more, but that they would take nothing less. (Partial cheer-

ing )
Mr. GF.ORGE EDMUNDS, of Birmingham. was next called
upon. He said, when he came on that platform, in looking
out for a radical face, he had accidentally hit upon one, which
was that of the last speaker who had addressed them. It was
a remarkable circumstance that, twenty years ago, that indi-
vidaal was present at a great meeting in Birmingham, which
was held at Newhall-hill, fur the purpose of advocating uni-
versal suffrage. He must say that if the meeting had had
no other effect than to extend principles that had such an
effect,—if it had brought forward such a rnan who had joined
with those of similar opinions in Liverpool, it had not been
held in vain: He came to Liverpool delegated by the Bir-
mingham political connexion, and he was glad now to find•at
the present moment, that the people of Liverpool were asso-
ciated for the attainment of their rights, for advocating which
he was sent to prison for nearly twelve months. Doctor Dodd
had written his Prison Thoughts. and he also could tell them
of prison thoughts, many and bitter; but the, fiuit had been
knowledge, and they knew that knowledge was power. He
had assisted his excellent friend Mr. Attwood , in framing the
Political Union of Birmingham; and if that body had done
nothing else, it had at least established the important and
essential fact, whether the reform bill, for which they had so
long contended, was a delusion or not. It was admitted on
all hands, that the association to which he had alluded had
been mainly instrumental in carrying that important mea-
sure. If that union could carry that measure, what ought the
people now to carry, with the additional knowledge and power
which they had obtained? He rejoiced that he was called
upon to take part in the first grand struggle for their just
rights, in the attainment of which he knew they should not
fail. 'He rejoiced in this hilt grand movement. It was a
grand movement, because it called for an arrangement on
the first principles of society, for the rights of man, the
inalienable rights of the people. Instead of the compara-
tively trifling number he saw before him, there ought to have
been tens of thousands present. What was the reason? Why,
that their oppressors had extinguished the souls out of them.
(A laugh.) But file time had arrived when they must bestir
themselves. He wished to be distinctly understood. Some
expressions of gentlemen near him had been greatly misre-
presented: It had been: said, that Mr. O'Connor had recom-
mended physical force. Mr. O'Conner simply maintained
what he (the speaker) maintained—what the Whigs had
always maintained—that on which the right of the present
royal family to reign depended—the right of Englishmen to
resort to physical force, when driven to it by a tyrannical,
oppressive, unyielding body. As Mr. O'Connor had said in
Birmingham, the man who recommended physical force was
himself a traitor. If ever the time arrived when phySical
force should become expedient, it would not be necessary for
Mr. O'Connor or any body else to recommend it. Their duty
was to explain to the people their rights, and to convince them
they were oppressed and injured. It was moral force, and not
physical force that they wanted. And he would tell them
what Moral force was. If they could imagine that to be what
it was not, a fine sunny day, and some fellow, who, like a
certain class of politicians whom he would not mention, was
fond of getting his hand into other people's pockets,—if they
could suppose the sun to to heat his back, throwing his outline
on the ground before him, and that he were suddenly to see
another shadow surmounted by a cocked hat, and holding in
the right hand a trouncheon—'twould be but a shadow—no-
thing on earth else—but so familiar was the man with the
constable of the parish that he would know there was a sub-
stance behind about to knock him on the head and to take
him into custody—that was moral force. It was the shadow
of physical force. They showed the people their position—
they told them that half their earnings were taken from them,
in the shape of taxes, every Saturday night. They showed
them practical evils, and the remedy for them. They made
it known to the tyrants how the thousands, and tens of thou-
sands, and millions thus trampled on felt, and that they had
got in their hearts the passions planted there by the Creator
of man for his defence, indignation at injustice, resistance
against oppression. The maintenance of the constitutional
right of resistance was necessary to prevent the operation of
physical force. This was a truth that ought to be perpetually
urged upon the people of England. Why? Because if the
tyrants knew that the people were acquainted with their
rights, and that they were combined in opinion and principle,
they must yield. He begged to caution them against one
error. They had been advised to take their rights by instal-
ments—to receive payment by little and little, as the debtor
could afford it. This was sound docirine enough when it ap-
plied to a debtor who could not pay: but they had to deal
with sturdy, impudent debtors, who, with their money in
their pockets, refused to pay. If ever they accepted a por-
tion in place of the whole—if ever they adopted that principle
again, they might depend upon it they would be defeated:
nothing but a fixed purpose to have all that was due to them
would answer the purpose. If they consented to take an
atom less, they, would forfeit all; because, first, the value of
the concession would be diminished, and secondly, they
would be divided amongst themselves, and ultimately de-
frauded of every practical good. Let them not take any in-
stalments whether from Whigs or Tories. Let them go on
promulgating their principles, and combining the universal
sense of the people, that their oppressors might see that the
seed sown had already yielded a hundred fold, and he would
answer that the same force that would carry the most paltry
concessions from the factions, would carry universal suffrage.
(Hear and cheers.) The more barriers thrown up against
them the better. They might as well attempt to arrest the
progress of the sun, as to Oppose the inevitable effects that
must follow from the principles they were diffusing among
the people. Let their enemies raise the barrier as high as
they would—let them raise kings, constitutions, feudal tyrants,
or aristocracies—when the barrier was thrown down, as thrown
down it must be, by the advancing intelligence, the combined
force, the determined resolution of the people, it would only
make their own ruin the more awful—the enemies of social
rights would be the victims of social indignation. (Cheers.)
It was said the people were not fit for their rights—that they
were a bloody; a cruel body, the many-headed monster. Who
said so ? The very monsters who had always been the first
to resort to physical force—those who could calmly send into
the field of battle tens of thousands of Englishmen, to be cut
to pieces—for what ? What had been the result of the tre-
mendous war on the continent ? What had been the result
of the war with America, where, he thanked God, the people
had triumphantly asserted their right to be represented before
they were taxed? What did they get by the regal battle of
Viaterhm, vrtzeve-itiugs had combined biC-cie-atirry-the right of
the French people to choose their own princes? An immea-
surable sacrifice of blood, for what they had always been
taught to consider an evil. The grand tnonalque of France
had been a tyrant, and all the people slaves; but as soon as
the people had subverted the cruel noblesse, and delivered
themselves from' tithes, and the ten thousand other oppres-
sions to which they had been subject, and under which Eng-
lishmen were in a great degree now groaning, then all the
fictions interfered and put them down, and now their voices
were raised to call them bloods'. (Hear.) He was ashamed
to keep them so long. The previous speaker had alluded to
the charge, that they wanted to take the property of the rich
and divide it among the poor. A more scandalous libel was
never uttered. They wanted not to imitate their oppressors,
who took £28,000,000 a-year out of their pockets, to pay for
wars against liberty and against them. They wanted not to
oppress the people with taxes on all the necessaries of life.
They did not stand up to rob the people, but to obtain jus-

lice against the robber. (Cheers.) They wanted to give the
people the wages of their labour, and to take off the atrocious
taxes, which it was a disgrace to them to have submitted to.
He would leave capitalists and great landed proprietors in
possession of all their property, so that they would not take
the people's personal property also, and get the greater por-
tion of their incomes out of the poor man's blood and bones
But they hdd to blame thetnselves. Every man had a heart
in his body. Why, then, did he not come forward, not to
fight, that would be quite unnecessary—but why did he not
come forward and put down his name ? That was all they
wanted. There might be ink shed, but there would be no
blood. (A laugh.) The factions that oppressed them, who
were but a paltry half million at the best, would shrink into
holes and corners, give up the field at once, and concede their
rights, so that by a silent operation of peace and justice, the
country would be delivered from an iron yoke which hed
grown out of the tyranny of ages. (Cheers.) If he could
think that their cause was not a just, a righteous, and bene-
volent cause—if he could think that any base and selfish ex-.
pectation of personal advantage to himself was mixed up with
his motives in advocating it—if he could not ask upon it the
blessing of Him who would bring all things to pass—he would
not stir one step, or utter one syllable, to advance it a hand's-
breadth towards success. But he had other convictions, and
therefore he told them that their cause must prevail. Pray-
ing that they might be kept from intemperance on the oue
hand, and from supineness on the other, but especially from
the latter, he would conclude by seconding the resolution.
(Applause.)
Mr. FEA tecus O'CoNNor. said, he came on behalf.of the
people of Brighton, as a representative of the Democratic
Association of London, and also of the northern Radicals.
About two years ago he had personally established the first
Radical association in Liverpool. So far from being apa-
thetic Liverpool had always done her duty, not in elections
between Whigs and Tories, which concerned only the elec-
tive body, but the non-elective, unrepresented people had
been always ready to come forward, when duty demanded it.
(Hear.) The first speaker had told them truly that his
motto was, "A good day's wage fora fair day's work." This
was the only principal of legislation worth contending for;
and inasmuch as he believed that universal suffrage could
alone accomplish their ends, therefore he flung all other points
to the wind, relying on that power of self-defence implanted
in the breast of map by birth, and engrafted in his right arm
by nature. (Cheers.) Mr. Edmonds had most kindly ex-
plained to them his views of physical force. He who at-
tempted to marshal physical cprce destroyed it. It was not
for him to marshal it, and if it should be necessary to appeal
to it. God forbid that he should attempt to stop it. (Cheers.)
He was for a peacetul contest. He wanted them to devote
all their energies to placing the people in a better position for
resisting the landed aristocracy under the reform bill. They
had placed the speculative, gambling interest almost on a par
with the lauded aristocracy, without a consideration of the
source from which those classes drew all they possessed, the
sweat, marrow, bones, and sinews of the working man. He
never should forget that he was an Irishman. (Laughter
and loud .cheers.) Ireland was his country, and the world
his republic. The people of Liverpool supposed, because
they were not bowed down by precisely the same description
ofopprossiou that many of the theeufacturing towns had to
complain of, that they would escape unscanned and scot-
free. They were as a sponge, with _two bodies pressing
against it. Did he not see hundreds of poor, squalid, half-
starved Irishmen in the streets, every one of whom he would
gladly have taken by the band; and did not his heart sicken
when he felt that he bad not the power to relieve them in a
strange land? They had Ireland on the one side, a drag-
chain on their industry. The Irishman, after his work was
over at five o'clock in the evening, would come across the
channel, and there he might be seen with his hod on his
shoulder, contending with them in their own market. He
had a right to do so; and until justice was done to Ireland,
there never could, never ought, and never should be, if he
could help it, justice to England. (Cheers.) 'Then they had
I Manchester, Preston, Bolton, Bury, and Rochdale, to com-
pete with. There was no cordon to exempt Liverpool from
poverty. Railroads and steam would cause poverty, like
water, to find its level everywhere. They were fast being
impoverished : they ought to spring up like men. The un-
welcome shower that was falling would, he trusted, make
them grow into more lusty Radicals. (Laughter.) He had
seen half-a-million of men on Kersal-moor taking into their
possession the government of the country. The Whigs had
no longer any power, except a trifling, executive power,
which was beyond their control. They had violated all de-
cency, they had destroyed all confidence, they had degraded
the people below their level. And yet these men talked of
physical force! What was it made them pay their taxes?
When the tax-gatherer came and said " Jack Murphy, 1
want 14s. out of your pound," would Jack pay, were it not
for fear of the bayonet? How did they pay the interest of
the national debt but by the bayonet? They had swallowed
up the entire of nature's gifts to the poor; they had prevented
the children of the working man. enjoying the fruits of his
honest industry; and if no other man stood up to oppose
them, he would oppose them alone, though he knew he should
fall a sacrifice. And now one word as regarded himself, for
"Caesar's wife should not only be chaste but above suspicion."
A pigmy Whig or Tory—a scion of the tail-press, had asked
him a question ; but as the interrogater had not bad the man-
liness to make his appearance there, he would both put the
question and answer it himself. He would not be put down
by a court which acted both as accuser and judge. He chal-
lenged the whole press of Liverpool or any person connected
with it, to ascend that platform and argue any question of
policy whatever with him. (Cheers.) But no : they would
not. They would sit like geese with quills in their bands in
a garret, writing like sows with pigs in their bellies, begin-
ning with the first person plural—they (the people before
him) supposed that " we" meant every one but the person
reading it, while in reality it meant no one but the person
who wrote it. (Cheers.) The Mercury wished some person
to ask Feargus O'Connor his opinion upon the corn laws.
Feargus O'Connor never voted•against the repeal of the
corn laws. He has voted against a fixed duty, and would do
so again to-morrow. Feargus O'Connor had voted against
Mr.O'Connell's tithe instalments but he had never voted
against their total abolition. (Cheers.) The Mercury did
not tell them that Feargus O'Connor, when the Dorches-
ter labourers were to be expatriated, had told Lord Stanley,
Lord Althorp, Lord John Russell, Lord Grey, and Lord
Brougham to their faces, that they ought to have had the
convict jackets on, and to have taken the place of the la-
bourers.—(Cheers.) These newspapers watched you like a
lurcher watching a ferreter. They could make .a Whig or a
Tory speech out of a Radical speech. A public man, in
respect to them, was like the unfortunate individual who had
an old and a young wife; the old one was always pulling
out the black hairs to make him look venerable, the young
one pulling out the grey hairs to make him look youthful, so
that between the two, the devil a hair he had in his head.—
(Laughter.) This was precisely the way with the press,
which they were now completely crippling. The only daily
London paper, the Morning Asivertiser, which had stood by
him when he first established the Radical Association, was
the ouly paper now doing them justice. He charged them
never to drink a drop of beer where the Mercury, or Sun, or
or Times, or Chronicle were taken.—( Hear.) They wanted,
then, universal suffiage. They did not seek to take -the
landlord's laud: they did not object to his title, but to his
interference with that which belonged to the people—to his
receiving four-fifths of that which did not belong to him.
They were agitators it Was 'true; 'hut they were not hired
agitators. He never travelled a mile at the expense of Whig,
Tory, or Radical. The Whigs, however, as a great com-
mercial house, had hired a bag-man, and sent him to Hol-
land, Switzerland, Prussia, Austria, and France—one Dr.
Syntax Bowring by name. (Laughter.) This bag-man
went about spouting upon the subject of the corn-laws; and
he had told them in Manchester that the price of corn was
always low and labour high under the operation of free trade;
and he had given Switzerland as an example, never telling
them of the difference of taxation borne by the Englishman
compared by the Swiss—that there was a free road for one
and a toll-road for the other.—(Loud and protracted cheer-
ing.) But till they had universal suffrage it would be in vain
to repeal the corn laws; for till they had universal suffrage
they would not be able to put the savings in their own pock-
ets.—(Hear.) The Whigs had been obliged to resort to
machinations of every description, and had lately had re-
course to a new manufacture of Exchequer bills—a new ap-
propriation of the people's property, in order to keep up
their corrupt system. Let them look at what the Whigs had
done, and at what- they were likely to do. Did the people
make the poor law amendment bill? It was their share, he
supposed, of their reformed institutions, while the rich had
got the town-halls, the exchanges, and every thing that could
confer emolument and inflhence.—(Cheers.) They had even
gone so far as to build an infant prisOn in the Isle of Wight
for the benefit of the health of the infant paupers. Lord
John Russell, the smallest fellow they ever saw in their own
lives for nothing,—(a laugh and a whisper of "Heis in
town,")—so he might be, but if he were they could not see
him,—(a laugh,)—he would desire no better property than a
life-interest in exhibiting Lord John Russell, who had been
trumpetted up as fit to represent the great nation ; what had
he been doing session after session, hut basely coalescing
with the Tories, because he had not the power to govern
upon Whig principles.—(Hear and expressions of disap-
probation.) Instead of giving them those measures which
justice and honesty demanded, he had been truckling to the
very faction which be had declared his wish to put down.
They had complained of the House of Lords; they had said
there were too many bishops. Twice he had voted for the re-
moval of the bishops. But as soon as the Whigs saw they were
coming to think about it, they took it into their own hands
and commenced by giving them two new bishops.—(Cheers.)
The whigs looked upon the House of Fords as a wnolesome
barrier—as a body calculated to do their dirty work. They
often, therefore; put on a deceitful appearance of liberality,
with the hope that their measures would be stopped in the
upper house. (Hear.) He complained of the enormous in-
jury done to the people, that farms and pleasure-grounds
might be afforded for -the great. In three months they had
been robbed of 6,200,000 acres of common land. The Irish
made better agitation than the English and Scotch, because
they had the use of the pratie-hole, to give him food for six
months, so that he was ready for any thiog (luring that six
months. Those whom he addressed lived all from hand to
mouth, trembling for fear their masters should dismiss them.
What, then, din he insist on? The right of the head of
every family to farm so much land, for which he should pay
a proper rent. Then they could put their hands in their
pockets, and they would not work any more unless upon a
condition of receiving half of what they could earn. (Hear,
and loud cheers.)Then, with reference to the means they
were to employ, what did Slashing Harry tell theln ? (A
laugh.) He meant Lord Brougham, and he had christened
him Slashing Harry from a famuus horse of that name, who
would run like the. wind, but could never be depended upon :
he would run to the side of the course, throw his rider, bolt,
kick. or do anything.—(Laughter.) Well, what did Slash-
ing Harry say about physical force? Why be said, speaking
of the " three glorious days," he hoped to see the day when all
king's heads would be rolling about the streets as footballs
-for children; and that an attempt on the part of the Duke of
Wellington to force a Bourbon on the people of France would
have justified a revolt. What did Mr. O'Connell say? He
said, rather than see the injustice which was done to his coun-
try, he would see her streets running with the blood of her
children, and that as old as he was, his arm was not too feeble
to draw a sword, should it be required. That sounded very
like a threat of physical force.—(Hear hear, and cheers.)
Again, at White Conduit-house, what had he said? Do not
talk to him of petitions; let him see petitions from 500,000
fighting men, and he hinted about the Kildare boys coming
down to teach the people how to vote. Stanley hart said that
he would resist repeal to the death. Attwood had said that
the men of Birmingham would be led on to the death. And
John Fielden had told them not to look upon the new poor
law bill as law, and to oppose by physical force if necessary.
—(Loud andlong continued cheering.) He had never said
half so much and he was obliged to go about keeping these
wild men in order, and to tell the people par nubile fratrem,
not to mind what they said. (Laughter.) When they had
real justice, then, no man would leave Ireland but of his own
will and pleasure as a speculator, not as he did now to escape
his landlord, or the process-server, or because he wished to
wipe front his forehead the bland of being dictated to by a law
church. He had been rapidly rising to the head of his pro-
fession. and could have made £5,000 a-year, if he could have
been contented to live on the wretchedness of his fellow-coun-
trymen. But he-would not without loathing take two, or three,
or four guineas from a man who had been obliged to commit
crime. There wasa virtue in crime. • The Irish always stole
the most homely things : they would rather steal potatoes than
a sheep, and nothing would induce them to steal gold.
There was a principle in their crimes. There was a difference
between the poortind the rich pickpocket: the one picked the
pocket to fill his belly, the other picked the belly to fill his
pocket. (Laughter.) As there were Several other abler men
to address the meeting, he would not occupy their time longer.
The CHAIRm4N then put the resolution.—" That from our
experience of the past and our expectation of the future, we
have no hope in the House of Commons as at present con-
stituted ; we therefore adopt the national petition, demand-
ing for the people universal suffrage, annual parliaments,
vote by ballot, wages for the attendance of, and against the
property qualification of members of the House of Commons,
and that it be recommended to the inhabitants of Liverpool
and its vicinity, to sign the petition."

Mr. Anil.ND, of tee-total celebrity, here pushed to the
front, and said he wished to speak to the motion. Being
allowed to proceed, he said he was somewhat connected with
the Liverpool press (!), and he, at least, was not one of those
geese who concealed themselves in their garrets, and feared
to present themselves before their fellow.town.smen, or to
meet Mr. O'Connor, or any other gentlemen, on a field
where they should have equal justice. (A cry, " You are
only a mushroom.")
The CHATRMAN.—Sir, I would thank you to speak to the
questions we have here.
Mr. ACIAND.—I will. (" Off with him.")
The CHAIRMAN hoped the meeting would pay attention
to all speakers. (Great uproar and quarrelling on the stage,
one party asserting that tne speaker had a right to proceed,
and another that he had not.)
Mr. Acr.AND.—What are you afraid of? (Cries of " Off,
off," " Hear him," and great uproar.) He was there to
speak to the question. (" You have no business," and up-
roar.) That was a public meeting; he was there to propose
an amendment to the motion before it; and as long as he
confined himself within the same limits which had been
marked by the previous speakers in moving and supporting
the original motion, so loug he should be in order in address-
ing them on his amendment to that motion. (Hear.) Al-
though connected with the press of Liverpool, he professed
himself to be utterly ignorant of what Mr. O'Connor spoke,
when he told them somewhat of the physical force of the
press. The press had its moral and universal influence or
force; of its physical influence or force he knew nothing,
and left Mr. O'Connor to explain the difference between
moral and physical force as best he might. If it were a merit
to have been a Radical in the times when it was dangerous
to be so, he claimed that merit, and would yield to no man.
If it were a merit to have been imprisoned by the political
tyrants of the day, he would yield to no man in his claim to
that merit. At all events, he begged their indulgent hearing.
(A cry, "What was the crime ?" with great uproar and
laughter.) The crime was for asserting an independent
opinion—battling for that opinion and fur the people, and
in endeavouring to establish an independent press. That
was the offence, and the punishment had been not one year,
but six years' incarceration. (Hear, hear.) He was grati-
fied in being enabled to state, that at least one-third of all
that he had heard had been in support of the amendment
which he should move. ("who, no, ' and interruption from
behind.) The gentlemen were there seemed to know
nothing of the usual means of proceeding on such occasions;
they wished him to put his motion before he addressed them.
The only possible tendency of any such course would be this,
to create uproar and confusion—(cries of "Read it")—in
favour of those who so sought to restrain his observations.
(Great uproar and interruption. A voice, "Fair play I con-
tend for;" another, " There's always a row where Acland
is." Here the uproar, violence, noise, and confusion was
an admirable specimen of a series of petty tyrannies amongst
the friends of liberty and the glorious " I will be master"
rule of mob law.)
Mr. EDMONDS here stepped forward, and rose Vs order.
A meeting like that, of many thousands of persons, (loud
laughter, and "oh, oh,") had a perfect right to know whether
the motion be relevant to the business of the meeting or not.
He knew something of order, and the meeting had a right to
know whether the gentleman was coming there merely to
occupy their time on an irrelevant matter or not. When
the resolution had been read, if it were relevant, then they
were bound to hear the gentleman. (" Hear," confusion,
and uproar.)
The CHAIRMAN.—That is very desirable.
Mr. AcLaND.—The chairman had decided on the sugges-
tion of Mr. Edmonds, and he therefore would read, in order
to the satisfaction of the chairman and the meeting, the
amendment he should conclude by moving—" That the great
majority of the people of this country are in the habitual use
of alcoholic liquors (shouts of laughter) ; that by that prac-
tice they continually and voluntarily incur the danger of
intoxication (roars of laughter, and confusion)—a danger.
unproductive of any good (confusion) whilst it subjects the
poor and weak amongst our electoral constituencies to all
the mischiefs of drunkenness (great laughter), bribery, and
corruption—entails want and places much misery on indivi-
duals, demoralises the community, and desolates the land by
the- wholesale generation of pauperism and crime. (Great
uproar.) That they who thus induce social and national
evil for the momentary gratification of a sensual appetite,
are, so long as they may do so, incompetent"—(tremendous
uproar and confusion, which drowned the speaker's voice,
and loud cries of "Put him down.")
Mr. Ensiow os.—l rise to order.
Mr. ACLAND.—Before you have heard the amendment?
Mr. EDMONDS.-1 have heard it; I have heard enough. I
don't see, in the name of God, what that amendment has to
do with the original motion.
Mr. ACLAND.—You have not heard it.
Mr.EDMONDS.-1 have heard it; I have heard enough of
it. (Great uproar.) Whether the drinking of gin makes
people drunk has nothing to do with the resolution that we
shall adopt the national petition. I beg to put that to the
meeting. (Confusion.)
Mr. ACLAND.—You cannot put anything to the meeting ;
here is the chairman.
Mr. EDMONDS amidst great uproar and strife on the plat-
form as well as in the body of the meeting, conferred with
the chairman, alter which he said he had the authority of the
chairman to put it to the meeting. Those who thought that
this stupid amendment should be discussed, that gin made
people drunk, would hold up their hands; those who thought
the discussion ought not to be continued, would say " aye."
(Uproarious shootings of " aye," followed by cries of
" away, away," "go down," and great uproar.)
Mr. LAWRENCE HRYWORTH here stepped forward and
addressed the meeting as his fellow-men, and implored them
to listen to him for a moment. He looked upon every man
present as being his brother and he loved him as such. If
they believed him, he was sure they would listen to him for a
moment. (Cries of "No teetotalism.") He had listened
with great attention to what had been said since he came to
that meeting, and he was always anxious that his fellow-
men should assemble in such meetings as that to" discuss
their rights and privileges. He considered this was abso-
lutely necessary for every class of society for their own well-
fare an well-being, whether rich or poor. It was absolutely
necessary that every proposition which was to regulate the
conduct of men should be brought before the multitude of
mankind. (Hear, hear.) When he_ had expressed that
these were the sentiments of his heart, he was sure that they
would give a little attention to what he had to say to them.
It was true that the commencement of Mr. Acland's amend-
ment seemed contrary to the business of the day, but they
did not wait for the conclusion, or, he was sure they would
have come to a very different conclusion. (Great uproar.)
Mr. OTONNOR (mounting the rail of the platform and
holding on by a flagstaff, with great vehemence of gesture
and mariner, for his words could hardly be heard above the
babel-like discord and noise that surrounded him)—" I say
the question's decided—the question's decided."
Mr. LAWRENCE HEYWORTH.—Have I said any thing to
offend you ? HI have, lam sorry fur it with all my heart.
If not, then permit me to go on.
Mr. WHlTTLE.—Gentlemen, I rise to order.
Mr. ACLAND.-1 claim possession of the chair. (Up-
roarious confusion.)
Mr. WHITTLE.—I rise to the question of order. I speak
to the question of order. (" We know that," and great
disorder,) A question has been put to you whether you
would hear a certain amendment on a proposition put to the
meeting? (" No, no, no.") You have decided that the
question before us now is whether you will support your own
resolution or not? (" yes,") whether you will support the
chair? ("we will,")—or whether will you allow any inter-
ruption on the part of the whigs. (" No we support the chair,
and universal suffrage," and great uproar.)
Mr.AcLAND.—I disclaim the insinuation; I have no more
%.o do with the whigs than you have. (Immense uproar.)
The CHAIRMAN interfered and proceeded to read the re.

solution.
Mr. ACLAND,—You are going to read the resolution?
The CHAIRMAN.—Yes.
Mr. ACLAND.-1 tender the amendment, (handing it to
the chairman.)
The CH A IRMAN.—AII for the National petition, put up
your hands. Those on the contrary opinion. Carried unani-
mously. (Great cheering and uproar.)
Mr. JOHN MURRAY, a working man, then came forward
and addressed the meeting. He had always understood that
those who were not for them were against them. He had al-
ways understood that those who sowed dissensions amongst
them were not their friends. He cared not whether he were
so shallow as to be the tool of whigs or tortes, or whether his
own passion for notoriety might make him do it. (Cheers.)
He cared not whether he was at the head or the tail of the
press of Liverpool. (Continued cheers.) What was it to
him that they used intoxicating liquors ? He contended that
they ought not; but if they did use them it was their own
choice. Was taxation their own choice? ("No.") He
contended against immorality, he contended against drunken-
ness, he contendecbagainst anything which degraded the hu-
man character. Take that in its proper place, and he was
with them. (Hear.) He -had seen, the day before, half a
million (!) of men, and he protested thaj. there was not a
drunkard amongst them—a proof that the radical portion of
the community were not a drinking community; and he was
sure his excellent friends, Mr. Eleyworth and others, wool,
be gratified to hear it. (Hear, hear, from Mr. Heyworth.
But.tbat was not what he came to address them about;
came to move a resolution respecting the people's charter—
respecting an act to provide for the just representation of the
people. Why did they assemble in their thousands to ask
for a change in their representation ? 'Was it not because
that they who took charge of the national funds left them to
work for them, and expended the money for their own benefit ?
Was it not because a junto formerly exercised the privilege
of placing men in the House of Commons, and although they
succeeded in aiding others to destroy that junto, had not a
many-headed monster taken its place ? Had taxation got
removed? Were their homes more happy? Was the mon-
ster of intemperance done away with ? Were their electors
more pure than they were before? When he looked around
him did he not look around on some working men there who
had admitted to him, at the last election, that they dared not
use their franchise? (Cheers.) Were there not thousands
of tradesmen who dared not use their elective franchise in
Liverpool ? Did nut this principle extend into the mass as
broad:as the basis of society. If, in wishing for universal
suffrage, they were wishing for it for the working man only
and for none other, then would their cause be an unholy and
unjust one and they ought not to prosper. But they sought
nothing for themselves which they were not willing to give to
others; they asked for nothing• but a participation in what
was every man's birth-right. (Cheers.) In asking for their
rights they would take no less. Their reasons were the fol-
lowing : the boroughmongers shared in the management of
the purse-strings of the nation, and maintained this position,
indefinite
period. contrived to spend the nation's wealth for an
period. The phalanx gut broken, and the people in the joy
of the moment consented to do what they ought not to have
clone—consented to sacrifice the principle of universal suf-
frage, in the hope that the power they thus gave over would
be used with patriotism, and that relief would be granted to
the mass of the community. They had a fair trial. Yes,
those who'called themselves reformers, defended the worst of
the former abuses, and It was high time for them to take their
own affairs into their own hands, (Another collection of
people who were being addressed by a temperance advocate
a few yards from the platform here cheered their speaker and
drowned the conclusion of the sentence.) As neither of the
systems had done them justice, let them do it for themselves.
He concluded with moving "that this meeting fully approves
of the plan for the outline of an act. to provide for the just
representation of the people in the united kingdom, in the
Commons House of Parliament, in accordance with the
principle set forth is the National Petition."
Mr. COBBETT next presented himself. He said, he had to
return his thanks to their committee, who had done him the
honour to appoint him as the seconder of that resolution.
And though he certainly did not go there expecting to be
appointed to any such honourable office, he had, since he had
been at that meeting, found sufficient whereon he thought it
was his duty to address to them his opinion as to their conduct.
(Hear.) The principles of the people's charter to which that
resolution referred, were universal suffrage, annual parlia-
ments, vote by ballot, no property qualification, and the pay-
ment of wages to members of parliament. That was the ob-
ject of that meeting—that was the object for which many
thousands (!) had met there that day, and that was the object
for which at least 300,000 (I!) had mat on IC..ergal moor the
day before. That was the object which they must follow up,
determining never to be swayed or deterred by the crotchets
of those friends who might pretend to join them. 'rhe whigs,
the humaaity-mongers, the crotchet-mongers, the tee-totallers,
the abolition-of-slavery humbugs, the education people had
all joined them when they had taken the business into their
own hands, as they (lid now, and when they had joined them,
(the rads.,) and got into power throueli them, they (the
whigs) had always sacrificed them. What was the trick
which was played off on them on the passing of the reform
bill? , They (the whigs) talked to them about everything but
those rights of which they stood in need. They (the whigs)
had talked to them of education, of abstaining from spirituous
liquors, of freeing the black, of repealing the corn-laws, and
of repealing the tree trade of literature in France. (Hear.)
They had talked to them about everything but giving them
a fair, share in the produce of their own labour. (Cheers.)
They might honour a man who honestly disagreed with

them; they might honour a man who said he believed their '
principles to be wrong and his own to be right; but they
must judge of such a man before they honoured him for his
conduct; and when they found the conduct of any one man,
or the conduct of any party of men, (addressing Mr. Acland,)
to be notoriously shuffling, base, mean, and deceitful—(Great
cheering and waving of hats interrupted the conclusion of
the sentence.) They had got there before them two whig mis-
sionaries—one who looked like a gentleman and one who did
not. (Great laughter and cheers.) Possibly the latter might
be the truth ; but he did not know sufficiently of them, and he
thanked God he hoped he never shonld. These whigs, who
had sent these men there that day, and who, he.had very little
doubt, if they had not paid these honourable men, would have
paid somebody else, if they had not come—these very Whigs
on this subject of spirituous liquors, had shown them the
greatest possible evidence of their own base falsehood, for
while they maintained a tax on the poor man's small beer,
which would not make him drunk, and which kept him from
having it at all, they had reduced the tax on gin, which would
make any man drunk in very small quantities. (Hear, hear,
hear, and cheers.) And what reason had they given for it ?
This: that it was more profitable to the government to have
a Email tax on gin than a large one, and so they had, accord-
ing to this gentleman's own reasons—according to the reason-
ing of their own noble and no doubt disinterested missionary,
(a laugh,) according to this reasoning, the government which
he had the distinguished honour of representing there that
day,—that very government had sacrificed their moral cha-
racters, for the sake of what ? A little paltry gain in pounds,
shillings and pence.
Mr. ACLAND (interrupting).—l am not at all connected
with the government; it is not fair to represent that. (A

laugh.)
M. COBBETT continued.—He would not detain them.
(Loud cries of "Go on.") They pad been told that day, by
Mr. O'Connor, that 1)r. Syntax Bowring had been in Man•
chester, and had been attempting to get up an agitation for
the repeal of the corn laws. Now in the same manner in
which Mr. O'Connor was in favour of the repeal of the corn
laws, he believed in the same principle. (Hear, hear.) He
was in favour of their repeal also; for whenever they did so
reform the government as to render such a measure just as
to render dpracticable, he was for it and more if they could
do it; if they could repeal 'em he would say " go at it my
boys." (Cheers.) But he was against it for this reason,
that it was a whig humbug, always got up to distract the
minds of the -manufacturing population when they were mov-
ing for their just rights. It had been got up for every occa-
sion, and it was a very well calculated agitation to pm educe
disunion instead of union amongst them, because it was na-
tural that the population of Lancashire and Yorkshire should
differ from the agricultural population on this subject who
did not differ on universal suffrage and annual parliaments,
and therefore they talked with them on this subject instead
of on that on which they were all united. Now he called on
them to have nothing to do with these deceivers. The pen-
ple of the manufacturing districts and many of the agricul-
tural districts were now fairly in the field, and he did trust
that they would not suffer themselves to be hoodwinked, and
be led blindfold from that field by the philosophy of cox-
combs and the politics of knaves. (Cheers.) There was
only one more subject which he should mention to them; it
was this, that the people of South Lancashire—he could
speak for them as the secretary of the Manchester political
union that called the great meeting the day before—the peo•
ple of South Lancashire hart resolved that they would not
assist in getting any of those questions, however much they
have been devoted. to them, when it had been the fashion.
There were a great portion of the people of Manchester who
were in favour of the repeal of the corn laws, and a great
majority of the people had come to the deciiion not to suffer
them to be discussed. 'That was the universal determination
of the town of Manchester; it was the same at Oldham.
From there he Pad gone to Bolton, and he would tell them
what had been done there by these whig gentlemen. He had
been sent there as a delegate, and a large meeting had been
held at the theatre, and he found• it turned out that the prin-
cipal resolutions were to be moved by 1l bigs of the first water.
A whig magistrate was to move one resolution, a whig
mil
owner was to second another, and a young whig gentleman
was to move another, and so on. He was delighted to find
that the. middling classes had joined them. He began to
think them wise fellows, for he knew that that was the only
means by which they could save themselves with all their
wealth and intelligence. But how had it turned out ? The
whi,gs had at present he believed tories in office in the town
of Bolton ; the municipal elections were coming on, and they
received a hint, that if they did not give up their corn law
nonsense, they should not put whits into the corporation.
Therefore they were at the theatre, for let them mind, a real
traitor would almost go any length. (Hear.) They who
never could get beyond household suffrage and annual parlia-
ments and all manner of things about taxes, they not only
went thus far, but they were for downright republicanism.
They talked about the expense of the crown ; and they
talked about two or three hundred thousand a year for the
crown as monstrous, but the thirty million of taxation they
could not perceive. They compared the expense of the
crown with the expense of the American government, they
talked generally against the monarchical government, and,
by inference, left entirely their auditors to come to the con-
clusion that they were in favour of a republican government
in this country. But let them mark' this, although the meet
•
ink was called for the purpose of supporting the political
union in Bolton, and inducing the people to go to Kersal
Moor, neither the union nor the meeting were alluded to;
not one word would the Whigs at that meeting say about the
meeting on Kersal Moor; that showed them how foolish it
would be to them to place the slightest confidence in them.
But above all, never let them place any confidence in them
when they went beyond the mark they wanted them. The
moment they asked a man to serve them and he said he
would do fifty times more, they had bettersay—" No, I had
rather not "—(Laughter and cheers.) Let them recollect
that the great meeting at Birmingham—on Kersal Moor,
and there that day—let them recollect that at those meetings
their labours must not cease. If they were to do no snore
than meet, and talk, and demonstrate their power, their ene-
mies need not fear them. These meetings were called de-
monstrations, because they demonstrated the power they
possessed. That power they derived from union; and if,
after making a demonstration of that kind, they retired for a
time into rest, they went back to their homes, and did no
more than make senseless demonstrations. He advised them
to form a union; and if they already had one to support it.
If they could not pay a penny a week to pay a halfpenny •
to attend every meeting, and never to give up agitation till
they gained what they were seeking. Let them always re-
collect between moral and physical force, Mr. Edmonds had
drawn so very fine a distinction that he could not discover
its boundary lines—let them remember that the shadow was
nothing unless backed by the substance.—(Hear, and.cheers.)
Moral force meant this—and it was of no use to talk about
sun and shadows—moral force meant this, "informing your
enemy that you have physical force ready when you want it."
He was not for physical force. He would never call on a
man to use it; because he thought that a man who so called
should be himself ready to lead them ; and although he was a
very good attorney he was not fit to be a general, unless it
were attorney-general.—(Laughter.) Therefore, he did not
call upon any one to use physical force, because he was not
ready to lead them; bnt this he did say, when a man pre-
tended to act upon his enemies with moral force, and was not
ready to use physical force, he must be a man who was either
grossly deceived by somebody,C or he had not a proper strength
of mind himself. He thanked them for the great patience
with which they bad heard him, and, in conclusion, called on
them to hold frequent meetings of that sort, and join the
operatives of Lancashire and Yorkshire, and they would lead
them a dance that would tell them something.—(Cheers.)
Mr. JOHN COLLINS, of Birmingham, next addressed the
meeting.
Mr. Lowey, of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, another touring
operative, who was full of the last place he had been at, that
he addressed the meeting as fellow countrymen of Hal:, next
spoke. He abused the press and all literary men as base
sycophants and hirelings, and concluded with seconding a
resolution moved by the previous speaker, which the pre-
vious speaker forgot to move. •
The CHAIRMAN put the resolution, which was carried
unanimously. (No resolution being in fact before the meet-
ing, though, from the purport of the speech of one of them,
we guessed it to be the appointment of a sort of congress of
delegates to sit in London, and of course to be paid by their
poor dupes.)
Mr. IVI'N at.TY moved a resolution, to the effect that Thos.
Smith and James Whittle be appointed delegates to a con•
vocation of the industrious classes in London, the number of
which was not to exceed 43. Their duties being to sit nightly
in the House of Commons, and repast what was going on.
Mr. PETER Bussy, of Bradford, seconded the motion.
Mr. DixoN, of Manchester, recommended Mr. Whittle
and Mr. Smith to the meeting.
The CHAIRMAN then put the resolution, appointing those
persons as delegates, which was unanimously carried.
Mr. SMITH and Mr. WHITTLE each acknowledged their
appointments.
The thanks of the meeting were then moved to the chair-
man ; three cheers were proposed for O'Connor's paper, the
Northern Star. and the meeting broke up at a quarter to four
o'clock.

THE RADICAL DINNER.

It was announced in the placards before alluded to tha
public dinner would, in the evening, be given at the Queen's
Theatre to Mr. Attwood and the other orators of the party.
Mr. Attwood did not attend either the Liveipool or Manches-
ter demonstration, but in accordance with the announcement

the dinner took place at six o'clock.
The circle of the theatre was boarded over, a scene was
closed in across the stage immediately behind the proscenium,
In front of this was the cross, or principal table which accom-
modated about seventeen or eighteen. Five tables, very
neatly laid, extended from one end to the other of the apart-
Mem thus formed,—the boxes forming three sides, and the
scene above mentioned the fourth. The tickets, price three
shillings each, entitled each visiter to a lady's admission. Ac-
cordingly 180 females assembled in the boxes, to witness the
ceremony of despatching the dinner, and to hear the oratory.
Over the Chairman was suspended an union-jack, and four
smaller banners of a similar description were placed on each
side. A British ensign and two small union-jacks were sus-
pended from the boxes opposite to the chairman. Several
paipted representations of shields, ornamented with armorial
hearings, were suspended round the front to the lower tier.
The dinner did not consist "of the delicacies of the season,"
but of very good and substantial stuff, and the guests, who
were in number about 220, did due honour to the ample pro-
vision spread before them. The prin'cipal supply was of roast
beef and plum pudding, and ale in abundance.
The Chair,was occupied by Mr. John Clarke, who was sup-
ported on his right by Mr. Feargus O'Connor, and on his left
by Mr. Edmunds. At the cross table were also Mr. Cobbett,
Mr. Thomas Smith, Mr. Goodfellow, M r. Bussey, Mr.Whittie,
and others, whose names we could not learn.
The CHAIRMAN said, they were assembled'for the purpose
of celebrating the commencement of a struggle which had for
its object restoration of a right which they once possessed,
that of choosing the individual who should represent them in
Parliament, that of choosing the men who were to guard •
their rights and property in the House of Commons. They
were now at that time of day struggling for the restitution of
what they had been unjustly deprived of. It was a natural
and constitutional right, which could not be alienated. It
was constitutional because it was declared in an act of Par-
liament, and because, according to constitutional law, every
man was supposed to be present, by himself or his represen-
tative, when the laws were made ; but how could a man he
said to be there when there were two-thirds of the people of
this Kingdom who were not allowed to vote. An individual
here started up, and made some observation. We understood
him to deny what was advanced by the speaker. Some con-
fusion occurred, but the individual who caused the noise was
promptly turned out.) The chairman proceeded. It had been
asked, on what authority could it be said that the people of
this country at large once possessed the elective franchise?
The reply was on the Statute book, where it stood to this day,
There was a petition presented to the King in Parliament,
requesting him to restrain the powers of the people in choos-
ing representatives in parliament,under the pretence that they-
exercised it injuriously, and by the act of Bth year of Henry
6th, the prayer of this petition was granted. Before that
every man in England had a right to vote; ana every man
in England claimed the privilege with the proudest and most
wealthy to vote for the return of those who made the laws for
his protection. That act told that the right was once pos-
sessed, or how could it ever 'have been taken away? The
people. had the light by custom, and by the common law of
the land. Why should they not persevere in attempting to
regain that which they had always a right to enjoy? Another
objection made to the extension of the suffrage was,
.that it
would cause corruption, and that the humbler orders hail al-
ready showed a propensity for corruption. Corruption at once
gave the idea of a corrupter,—for there could not be corruption
without a corrupter. And who had been and who would still
endeavour to be the corrupters? The wealthy and the great
landholders, who gained by corruption. The Chairman went
on to remark on the objection that was made to the working
classes, because they were not men of property, arguing that
they had' an uncommon property in their labour, without which
all other sorts of property were valueless, and citing the opi-
nion and calculations of Mr. Sharman Crawford in supDort

of his assertions. He concluded by telling an itieedOte of
three brothers in Scotland, tenants of the Duke of Montrose
which brothers voted, in spite of the threats of his greeel":`
steward, in opposition to his wishes, and were in cbnsevence
turned out of their farms, but were by a gentleina'n.iii the
neighbourhood, placed on farms of double the value; -.Mbut pi
Chairman gave, as a finish to his speech, the first toast, which
was "The people—their rights, nothing less." (Great'ap,,

plause. )
The Citatnrants said, the next was an interesting toast
" The Queen—her rights and no more." (Loud cheers.)
The third toast was then given : " May the principles of
universal suffrage and all the essentials to the free'exercise
of our political rights become the pole star of every lover of
his country." (Cheers.)
Mr. Coat:Err rose and was received with loud cheers..
After some apologies for his inadequacy to the task which
had been assigned him, he said the peculiar situation of ca pi-
tal and the Influence which it possessed, was the greatest
evil which existed in this country. This was an evil which
could only be removed by that reform in parliament which
they were now seeking. It was capital in land and other
things which alone was represented in the House of Coin- •
mons. Those who created the wealth were not represented.
That was the grievance. lf, however, the people followed
up properly what had been begun, this grievance they -would
succeed in removing. They had almost daily under their ob-
servation throughout the whole of Lancashire and Yorkshire,
the horrible evidence that the influence of capital. not
.only _
deprived the labourers of what they ought to enjoy,liut '
went the horrible length of confining men, women, and
children in prisons of the most unhealthy desctintion, where
their lives were to daily dange, and where they were so worked
that they were deformed in their persons, their sex almcist
changed, and their lives shortened. (Hear.) -He did not
hesitate to say, though this hail not, in outward appearance,
all the slavery in this country that appeared in some others•
that, virtually, no slaves on the face of the earth were so in-
famously tyranised over as the people of this country: He
did not hesitate to say that the labourers and handloom •,
weavers of this country suffered more than had been suffered
by the blacks in the West Indies, for Whose emancipation •,
the humanity-mongers had made such a cry. If they 'Wooed
their eyes amongst the manufacturing labourers they would
find scenes which would harrow up their' souk. The liberal "
whig, Lord Alt horp, once proposed to levy a tax, a very light, ;,1
one—half a crown in the pound he believed, on all transfers
of stock. They knew very well that the whigs could.carry, al
out the measure if they pleased. What did Lord Althorp pit
do? A banker got up anti taxed him•with a breach of- •
tional faith, and he immediately withdrew the motion.: He .4
asked him, if all the bankers, and, as opposite to them, aa7
as
the honest men in the kingdom, could have induced the
whig ministry to withdraw a tax proposed to be Placed on the •
poor! (Cheers.) He would refer them to the poor law
amendment act, and the conduct of the House of Commons
in respect to the factory labour question. They passed an
act to reduce the hours of labour in factories and never en-
forced it. They said it was so complicated, and ha would re-
mark it was of their own framing, that. it .could.not be en-
forced. (Hear.) But they-could cnforce the, poor-law
bill at the point of the bayonet; yet they :never sent any
body but one paid commissioner to enforce this act of re-
ducing the hours of labour. (Cheers.) It was ridiculous
then to suppose that they could ever get any , good from this
house. They never would do any good of their own accord
—they would never do any good till they were compelled.
Therefore it was absolutely necessary to tell them what was
wanted by the nation, and that if they would net giea:it in
their way, "we will have it in ours." As they were entering
into a struggle which was to end but with..success, it was,
proper to consider of the manner, and of the difficulties
which they would meet with iu their path. The mode which
had been hitherto used, and to which uo dissentient voice
had hitherto been raised, was to demand by petition. They
claimed vote by ballot, universal suffrage, annual parlia-
ments, and paid members. (Cheers.) By taking the, course
recommended, they were asking for that to which they were
entitled by the very laws which those from whom the demand
was made professed to love and uphold. They were cutitled
to universal suffrage and annual parliaments by law. These
were all he asked for. The others were but the details.. They
had Magna Charta, which said that parliaments were lobe,
annual, and that no man in England should.be taxed without
his own consent. They could not be represented 'Without
Vote by ballot, and without paid members they sould,not ,
have their work properly performed. He had another piece
of law to lay down to them, and he should quote the 'autlio-
rity of Justice Blackstone, who had laid it down that Aber° ,
was no law upon which the punishment of crime could be
justified but this: that the man had, by his representatives
in parliament, made the-law under which he was punished.
He contended that, if that law were cerrect,.a man executed
to-morrow for a crime which was passed by a honse riot 16'
constituted, as they contended it ought to be, was judici,ally:,:
murdered. He contended that the judge acting for the .
crown, who condemned a man by laws passed by such a' hOnsirc'
committed an act which, by sound constitutional law, josstified,
rebellion. He liked, on legal questions, to have
.leg_al
nions, and he appealed to the gentleman next but one on tits
left if he was not right. (Hear, hear, and assentings -from
Mr. O'Connor.) Mr. Cobbeit proceeded to show hose veva,:
liarly well England was situated for a struggle of this butt.;
He drew parallels between the situations of America an'
France at the commencement of their revolutions., and of
England at the present moment, contending that the reason,
why France failed was, because she bad not laws in support
of her assumptions, while America had precisely the.saute.
laws which England has. He denounced the conduct of,
Lord Brougham and others, who, be said, had for years- do"'
luded the people with false hopes; and he 'exhorted them
trust to themselves, to be firm and persevere.
The CHAIRMAN proposed the healths of Thomas ,Attwoou,,;
Esq., and John Fielden, Esq., and success to the uniens-ot
which they hail been the promoters.
Mr. EnmuNns of Birmingham, after complimenting the
chairman on his speech, expatiated at some length on•lhe
importance of union. 'He did not know much of Mr. Fielder',
he said, but he eulogised him as a friend ,of labour, and, an
enemy of oppressive capital. He expressed his pleasure at
seeing so many females present, and said Birmingham
they had seen a political notion composed.entirelrof fetna
from which he predicted great consequences. -Air. O'Con-
nell had been pocketing the money of the Irish people(liete,
the speaker was interrupted by cries of O'Connell.for evcr
and some expressions of disapprobation, mingled with cheers.
There was considerable confusion for sortie minutes.)
slur
Edmunds proceeded. He insisted upon his riglitio
his own points in his own way; no one bad and
tate to him. He would always support Mr. 0:Cimne1014161;
he supported the cause of the people. The best *ay to ge
any duty well done was to pay well fur it,—(cheerS,)':-.th
object of those who had duty to do was by a perfect dist:barge,
thereof to please those who paid them. "He would not !lon!
out any alarm. While he would not hold out any disOlgY 0
their physical power, he would arouse all the passions'Of the
people, if possible, in this great Cause, and, he. Would leave
the rest to them. (Cheers.)
The CHAIRMAN said, the next toast was th`e health of Idr.,
Thomas Smith and Mr. James Whittle, thedepetatiorent
the Radicals of Liverpool
Mr. THOMAS SMITH said, though he was a politician 01
forty years standing, he had never before' seenso auspicto?
an opening. In allusion to the law which the chairman Sal
d
had been introduced in the time of Henry ATI, he saitta con-
siderable portion of the nation were then serfs or slaves, f°
that it could not be said the suffrage was then'enjoyerity
Before the conquest all were free, and then there! wasartP"
versal suffrage, so that they contended for the times thatwe°
made by their Saxon ancestors before the time of the-i
t
roughmongers. Mr. Smith informed the meeting; that eh
individuals of the Birmingham political union, five of th
Manchester union, and two, himself and Mr. Whittle, front
the Radicals of Liverpool were to form a'deputation to' Lon"
don on order to.inforce attention to their claims.,,
Mr. WHITTLE said, the opulent classes-of this toWn,,ta`a
not felt the pressure, and to their own prejndice.they -wooi,
probably keep aloof. The Ministry lie said had pondero
over the demonstration on KersaisMoor, and hhd at first or:
dered out the troops. Afterwards they ordered that• the'
should be kept close in their barracks, in order that they
might avoid the contamination of the populatiOn..
The CHAIRMAN next proposed " Real justice,to.lrelanf-',,
Mr. FEARGUS O'CONNOR replied at sonic length, ter:e
sooting, what he conceived the wretched state.rif the lie
people, from coercion, taxation, and trod governmeot• fr 5
denounced the policy of Mr. O'Connell as useless, as
mockery, and recommended that the people both-of-Eitel/a
and Ireland should stand up for thetriselves' when they ~
‘O,•
find leaders who would be with them in the councilion •
the battle-field.
Mr. CoLLINS, of Birmingham, proposed " the'ladies,
made a long harangue.
The memory of William Cobhett, Major Cartivr*"`ight,'l4glirY
Hunt, anti all the illustrious departed advocutes'Aaf,the veal
was. drank in solemn silenee. . - • 01‘
"The Great North Union, and success to. it,'"
,
and responded to by Mr. Bossy. . 100 Myr': ;cat
The following .toasts were then given
Union of Manchester, and mav it thrive?' "the' Rad,,log
Press of the three kingdoms,'' " tira LiverprinkWol4,lfr,
• Man's Association." 'the meeting was arld.ressed,r.
Murray, the Rev. Mr. Stephens, Mr. Robinson;'
Looney. 'lle festivities were protracted to a late h 041.:.
a 0

The morning organ of the ministry says,.it is glint tOIP%O
that the Duke of Sussex and his friends, Sir HusseY:V,irthe
and Lord John Churchill, are " dawn shooting 'ratAiis his
park of Colonel Wildman, in Nottinahainshire, " Where jot
Royal Highness; shot from 11 to 12 couple of rabbit! etor
Saturday, and appeared as eager about the diverSiOnneor
of the party."—Truly this is a queer thing for our co4pb'
porary to be glad about!—Unless, indeed, his Royal r;11.1
OA
ness forwarded the glorious spoils to our coptetril'°o%a
for the purpose of being smothered in onions for
personal sustentation.—Morning Herald. of
AN INTRUDER.—A pig belonging to Mr. Brunsl'" f its
Sedberg, a few weeks ago, fotual its way into the $ll°P tc'heia
owner, and scented out a box of raisins; having found .itto
palatable, on Monday last he again effected an entrance lace
the sweet storehouse, but not finding his dessert, itsaPe, or
he appeared highly disappointed. Two or three di-,;„ be'
eggs, however, being placed on the floor, he inata,,P.,-;aine
gun capering, ala Taylioni, in the midst ofThem, jot°
of the family having overheard his waltzing, .reeled 10.0rob.i-
the atret, and had he not been caught in time, ;it 1,11:0tItt9
ble thate a quantity of glass might have felt ttid Weig'!;
light fantastic toe.—Westnuireland Gazette; '
DIVERSION OF ROADS BY RAILWAYE.—The:GX--oe--'
(be
tion Railway Company have, with their usiaas.:cci'a;, aftet
stopped up a road in the neighbourhood of Perry' aniiverte,
taking a short road by the side of the railway, haver soda.'•
it into the turnpike-road. This, and several otb,treet
instances of stopping up ancient ways, have given 714 fog the
fence to the inhabitants, and the surveyor .1( thema a obitd.
district, desirous to try their right to cornialit-sucitiha r°3 t
injustice, passed over the railway to the other side 0.
„weal
He was summoned before the.magist rates for ati infrinfd
fne
of the Railway Act, who felt called upon to couvict,_aPthe d
him in the lowest penalty of £l. Not satisfied n
‘%iiiroad''
cision of one magistrate, he again passed the raviiittaolas
the case was beard on Monday before the Earl 100 lion 'O,
and another magistrate, who, declaring that ,(?1,13boill: a
left them by the act, of parliament, again infliclea r
est penalty allowed by law. 'lle cotnniissiooers.
will indict the company for stopping up . ane.k.eP"
Worcester Journal. ,oto" e
INIPRISONAIENT FOR DEBT.—The new act,.ss
,freta
operation on the Ist of next mouth ; and, we lenaliti,a,bo, ets
rious quarters, the harpies of the law are making
...,,tiarn,"oo
the interval. Unfortunate debtors are in grealf ''eseclito.ct
than usual arrested on bailable process, or taken 1",„.0.,' avarl act
on cognovits or judgments; and it therefore' he" she fo
of pleasurable duty to give publicity 10,a'clatt',:!tga,?4-edi'
which provides relief to unfortunate personsy
1p
via
circumstanced. A morning paper contains the
rections, given by an intelligent oldcorresp,rie• ti6ve,iive
persons fearful of arrest on mesne pioccss • n ris
ready to give the sheriff, then to take out suintnyt. r.cea
to justify bail—the judge at chambers will gyl,2
giving time to the 24th of October, and as Cie act
,en_n_,
_iceN
on the Ist of October, the justifying
entering a common appearance. Secookll2,',, lb"fl
bail is sillier
shaold
execution, if they intend to become insolvents,
their petitions ready to be filed on the Ist of October. I
m com an
commissioners of the said court will no doubt. grt se:eon,Y.
order for hearing their petitions, and alter the ordea r.ri
P e[:..
tained, insolvents giving security- to the court for thei.sem.
lw
sonal appearance on the day of heari, the Cont.! j
isaiven
powered to discharge them forthwith. The rye,.
in the 3d proviso of the 36th section of the act—
Pr°
this
also, that after any order shall have been made under, be
act,,directing any insolvent to be brought up, in
dealt with,' it shall be lawful for said Court for gelso.. to
of Insolvent Debtors, if such court • shall think fit,' e‘c"bis
direct such insolvent to be discharged out of CustodY nri_a to
ordcrrer .
finding two sufficient sureties to enter into a-recognizanusaia
the provisional assignee of said court in, such•suna asivent
court Shall think fit, with a•ctinditiorr that:sucb io„!°riog
shall duly appear. at thetime:.and,placiluted• for the-Pe"
of -such insolvent:"',-4/1/otrairtg Herpal. E•'
