MARCH.

1 At a numerous meeting of the inhabitants of Manchester
resi.lotions are passed deprecating the new Pour Law Act.
3 The chancellor of the exchequer introduces a plan for the
abolition of church rates.

Some electors of Westminster meet and pass resolutions,
reprobating the absence of both their representatives from the
House of Commons.

4-A deputation from the metropolitan parishes waits or; the
chancellor of the exchequer, with a view to equalisation of the
land tax.

6 On the ministerial resolutions respecting Canada lo.ing,
proposed, Mr. Leader moves 'oat the Council of Canada shall be
elective ; a debate ensues, whit h is adjourned.
The parochial authorities of the different London parishes ;
meet to take steps against the threatened introduction of the
new poor into the city of London.
7 Mr. Grote brings forward his annual motion for the adop-
tion of the ballot, which is lost, on a division, by a majority of
113; there being 153 for, and 265 against the motion.
John Pegswoith is executed fur the murder of Mr. Ready,
in Rateliff higt;way.
The Emperor of Russia publishes an ukase obliterating the
last mark of the independence of Polatid, by abolishing " wal-
wodeships."
S Several divisions take place on the ministerial resolutions
respecting Canada, some of which are carried, and the remain-
der deferred; the object of the Canadian party being to defeat
ministers by delay.
'rhe Sophia brig from Valparaiso, with 15 000 dollars on
board, is wrecked on the North Bank, on the Cheshire shore;
all tl,e property being saved".
General Jackson, on the part of the United States, recog-
nises the independence of the Texas.
9 The Rev. Dr. Rice, rector of St. Luke's, Old-street, is
fined by a magistrate for having assaulted an attendant at a
funeral, during the reading of the burial service.
The Archbishop of Canterbury presents petitions against
the ministeral plan for the abolition of church rates, and ex-
presses, on the part of fifteen bishops, their decided opposition
to the measure. A discussion takes place between the arch-
bishop, the prime minister, and other lords ; and the petitions
are ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. 'l'. Duncombe obtains leave to bring in a bill to abolish
the rate-paving clauses in the reform bill.
Mr. Barlow Hov moves for copies of the correspondence
between the government of America, and his Majesty's gdver-
nment, on the subject of the revolt in Texas. Mr. O'Connell
states the revolt to have been fomented by America in conse-
quence of MexicO having'decreed the abolition of slavery. The
motion, after some discussion was withdrawn.
Mr. Clarkson, one of the magistrates of the Thames-po-
lice, is thrown out of a chaise at Clerkenwell, and killed on the
spot.

Great meeting at Liverpool to resist the ministerial plan
for the abolition of church rates.
A similar meeting of the dAsenters in the Potteries takes
place at Stafford.
I() On the vote of the• navy estimates, Lord Mahon calls the
attention of the house to the state of Spain, when Lord Pal-
merston defends the course of policy adopted by his Majesty's
government. Mr. O'Connell disclaims any alliance between
Don Carlos and catholicity, and inveighs against the conduct
of the King of the French.
Petitions against the abolitio of church rates continue to
be presented to both houses of PPliament. _

A general meeting of the silk trade takes place at Beth-
nal-green, at which it is agreed to memorialise their Majesties
on the subject of the distress prevailing amongst the operative
broad silk-weavers of Spitalfields.
A deputation from the Highlands and Islands of Scotland
represent, at a meeting at the Mansion House, the appalling
distress prevailing in those parts, and a committee is appointed
to take measures for the relief of the sufferers.
10 General Evans attacks the Carlists, and obtains possession
of the heights of Amezagona.
Seven hundred petitions are presented to the House of
Commons against the abolition of church rates.
II Several bankers at Tours are convicted of having tamper-
ed with the persons in charge of the telegraph at that place,
with a view to obtain early and secret information for stock-
jobbing purposes.
Fifty members of the cortes meet at the house of the depu-
ty Caballero, and sign a memorial, declaring the actual admi-
nistration unworthy the confidence of the nation.
12 John Fawcett, the comedian, expired at Botley, in Hamp-
shire, in the 69th year of his age.
13 The. House of Commons is engaged in further discussion
on the ministerial plan for the abolition of church rates.
Five inquests take place at Hull, on children who had
been burnt to death during the two previous days.
The Infante Don Sebastian compels Sarsfield to retreat
to Pampeluna.
14 The debate on the abolition of church rates is resumed,
and again adjourned.
The Royal Geographical Society receive intelligence of
the death of Mr. Davidson, the intrepid African traveller, on
his way to Timbuctoo.
At the assizes for Montgomery the judge congratulates
the jury that there is not a single prisoner for trial.
15 The house divides on the question of the ministerial reso-
lutions for the abolition of church rates, when there appears 273
for, and 250 against the resolutions.
A person of th 4 name of Kearney wounds, in the attempt
to assassinate, John Loch, Esq. deputy chairman of the East
India Company.
A public-meeting of the friends of the established church
takes place at Birmingham, for the purpose of addressing the
archbishops and bishops on the subject of church rates. -
Death of Viscountess Canning, widow of the late Right
Hon. George Canning.
General Evans obtains possession of the yenta of Her-
nani, capturing four pieces of artillery.
A great meeting, is held at Hull against the ministerial
plan for the abolition of church rates.
16 A motion in the House of Commons for the admission of
foreign corn at a fixed duty is lost by a majority of 124, there
being 89 for, and 223 against the motion.
The conservatives of Marylebone hold a grand festival.
Four persons burnt to death by a fire in Temple-street,
Bristol.
The Infante Don Sebastian defeats General Evans with
great loss; the legion being saved only from total annihilation
by the presence of a body of British marines.
17 The House of Commons negatives a motion for the pro-
duction of papers relative to the seizure of the Vixen.
Several hundred Spitalfields weavers assemble round the
Mansion-house and present a petition to the lord mayor, who
advises a fancy-dress ball at one of the theatres for their benefit.
Kearney, who had attempted to assassinate John Loch,
Esq. deputy chairman of the East India Company, commits
suicide in Giltspur-street, Compter.
The British consul at Pernambuco apprises the secretary
of state for foreign affairs of the illicit traffic in slaves being
carried on with impunity along the whole coast of Brazil.
20 The parishes comprised within the Kensington union meet
to petition for a repeal of the new Poor Law Act.
21 Espartero is defeated by Don Sebastian, and retreats on
Bilboa.
22 At a meeting of electors of Westminster, it is resolved
to request Sir F. Burdett to resign his seat, the hon. baronet
having become a tory.
Calcutta is visited by a hail storm.
23 Lord John Russell introduces several bills for the amend-
ment of the criminal law, particularly fur the abolition of the
punishment of death in several cases.
24 The progress of the mail coaches is again impeded by a
heavy fall of snow.
The Queen of the Belgians gives birth to a son.
25 The friends of the established church in Hereford meet to
petition both houses of parliament against the abolition of
church rates.
26 At this period several banks and commercial establish-
ments i Ameica become inlvent.
27 Aen countsr are received ofsothe government of New Granada
having given the satisfaction demanded by the British govern-
ment for the insult offered to Mr. Russell, the British consul.
James Greenacre and Sarah Gale are examined before
the magistrates, on a charge of having murdered Hannah
Brown, whos mutialted remains had been found in different
parts of the metropolis. Greenacre, who had previously at-
tempted suicide, denies that he had wilfully murdered Hannah
Brown. The prisoners are remanded.
A new Theatre is opened in Norton-folgate.
Mr. Vance, surgeon, of Sackville-street, Piccadilly, is
thrown down stairs and killed on the spot by a madman, whom
he had been called upon to attend in his professional capacity.
Above 30,000 persons go from London to Greenwich by
the railroad to the Easter fair.
The cortes suspend their sittings on account of the pre-
valence of the grippe.
Mrs. Fitzherbert died in Brighton in the 83d year of her
age.

--
The Marquis of Bath died in his 73d year.
28 A fire occurs in Exeter-street, Brotnpton, attended with
loss of life.
The operatives of Leeds hold a grand conservative festival.
29 Cabrera surprises and surrounds a brigade of Christinos,
of 1000 infantry and 155 cavalry, whom he takes prisoners.
30 Great meeting of the friends of the established Church at
Chelmsford.
An actor at the Queens Theatre, Manchester, is acci-
dentally killed by the discharge of a pistol during the perfor-
mance.

The Mechanic's Institution, Liverpool, is destroyed by
fire.

31 The Mexican government protest against the acknow-
ledgement, by America, of the independence of the Texas.
—A meeting is held at Kensington for the formation of the
South Lomion Protestant Association.
A deputation from the friends of the established church in
Birmingham address the Archbishop of Canterbury on the sub-
ject of the abolition of church rates.
Mr. Constable R. A., died in the 60:h year of his age.

Grand conservative festival at Hastings.
2,800 hand-loom weavers are at this time out of employ in
Glasgow and its neighbourhood.

APRIL.

3 Numbers of the British legion appear in a state of desti-
tution in the city of London, and are sent by the Lord Mayor
t. the House of Refuge for the destitute.
4 Thomas Greensmitb, a labourer, at Old Burford, near
Nottingham, murders his four children.
insurrection of the black population of Martinique.
5 Upwards of 8,000 looms in Spitalfields are at this time
unemployed.

...farines Greenacre and Sarah Gale are finally examined,
and committed to Newgate for trial.
6 Her Hajesty commences a subscription fur the distressed
Spitaltields weavers, by a donation of £lOO.
Lord John Russell obtains leave to bring in a bill to
abolish the punishment of death for forgery.
The Bishop of Norwich expired at his residence in Hert-
ford-street, in the 92d year of his age.
7 A motion for the abolition of floo-ging in the army, is lost
by a majority of 95, there being 72 for, and 167 against the
motion.
The Duke of Wellington defends the Poor law Amend-
ment Act.
8 The Manchester Chamber of Commerce meet to request
the co-operation of government to assist them in their commer-
cial difficulties by pecuniary advances.
10 Cardinal Weld died at Rome in the 64th year of his age.
Disturbances at Saragossa, which terminate in the ap-
pointment of a junta, and proclamation of the republic.
Death of Lady de Lisle and Dudley, eldest daughter of
his Majesty William IV.
On the third reading of the Irish Municipal Corporation
Bill, a debate arises, which is adjourned.
At a meeting at Reading, resolutions are passed against
the ministerial plan respecting church rates.
An Egyptian mummy is unrolled at Exeter Hall.
11 The third reading of the Irish Municipal Corporation Bill
is carried in the House of Commons, there being 302 fur, and
247 against the bill.
James Greenacre and Sarah Gale are found guilty of the
murder of Hannah Brown, the trial having occupied tlie whole
of this and the preceding day.
12 Greenacre is sentenced to death, and Sarah Gale to trans-
portation for life.

The House of Commons throws out the County Irate Bill.
13 A motion in the House of Commons fur the repeal of the
stamp duty on newspapers, is lost by a majority of 39, there
being 32 for, and 81 against the motion.
The Irish Municipal Corporation Bill is brought up to the
Hou.se of Lords.

Several of the northern and western mail coaches are de-
tained two hours beyond their time, in consequence of a heavy
fall of snnw.

14 further debate in the Ilouse of Commons upon the Ca-
nada resolutions.

15 Rumours of the existence of the plague in London, which
ultimately turn Out to be groundless.
17 Sir Edward Codrington complains of a breach of privilege
on the part of a morning newspaper, on which occasion much

altercation takes place between Sir James Graham and other
members of the house.

Sir Henry Hardinge brings before the house thAubject
of the employment of the British legion and marines in Spain,
and moves for an address to his Majesty not to renew the order
in council licensing the employment of British troops in the
service of Spain. A debate arises, which is adjourned.
Some disturbances take place at Manchester, in conse-
quence of ale distress of the hand-loom weavers.
18 Continuation of the debate on the subject of the affairs of

•
The names of 26 bankrupts appear in to-day's Gazette, be-
ing the largest number that had appeared for some years.
The Albion Dublin and Bristol steam-packet is lost on the
coast of Wales.

19 Sir Henry Hardinge's motion is lost by a majority of 36,
there being 242 for, and 278 against the motion.
Madame Vestris, of the Olympic theatre, announces her
intended debut in the list of bankrupts.
21 Lord Alvanlev•inoves in the House of Lords for a copy of
the despatch of Lord- John Hay relative to the actions of the
10th, 15th, and 16th March, on the attack on Hernani. After
some discussion, in which the Duke of Wellington severely cri-
ticises the conduct of government, the motion is assented to.
The debate on the Canada resolutions is rellimed. Mr.
Leader moves, that they be deferred for six months. Motion
rejected by a majority of 153.
23 The Stiiksperian anniversary is celebrated at Stratford-
on-Avon.

2-1 Meeting in Covent-garden, at which resolutions are passed
calling upon Sir Francis Burdett and General Evans to resign
their seats, and proposing Mr. Leader as a fit person to repre-
sent the city in Parliament.
Westminster conservative festival at Willis's rooms.
25 The Irish municipal corporations bill is read a second
time in the House of Lords.

I<leunier isVfuuod guilty by the Chamber of Peers of high
treason, for an atteinpt on the life of Louis Philip, and sen-
tenced to death; Lavaux and Lacaze are acquitted.
Sir Francis Burdett annout,ces his intention of resigning
his seat for Westminster, in compliance with the call of the
rabble in Covent-garden market.
28 The King of Franoe commutes the sentence of death,
passed by the Court of Peers on Meunier, into one of trans-
portation for life.
The Court of Common Council vote a sum of £5OO to-
wards the relief of the distress in the Highlands and islands of
Scotland.

The Marquis of Dow•nshire presents a petition, signed by
200,000 Protestants of Ireland, complaining of grievances.
This gives rise to an animated debate on the state of Ireland
and its government.
Lord J. Russell moves the second reading of the Irish
poor law bill, on which h debate arises, which is adjourned.
29 Execution of Smith and Timms, at Norwich, for the mur-
der of Hannah Mansfield.

30 Death of her Serene Highness the Duchess Dowager of
Saxe Menengen, mother of her Majesty.

MAY,

1 Lord Morpeth introduces the fifth bill for the settlement of
Irish tithes.

The Poor Relief (Ireland) bill is read a second time.
The British ship Mary Anne repulses a daring attack of
the Malays.
2 James Greenacre is executed for the murder of Hannah
Brown.

3 General Evans, having received large reinforcements, re-
commences hostilities, and captures the village of Loyola.
4 The inhabitants of Kensingten perambulate the bounda-
ries of the parish, and force their way through various encroach-
ments which had been made upon the public highway.
Insurrectionary movements in Barcelona.
5 The House of Lords refuses the motion of Lord Melbourne
for going into committee on the Irish Municipal Corporation
bill, there being for the committee 115, against it 192.
A deputation of the electors of Westminster waits on Sir
Francis Burdett, when the hon. hart. declares himself to have
been always ❑tore a tory than a whig.
Zingarelli, the composer of Romeo and Giulletta, died at
Naples, in the 88th year of his age.
8 Louis Phillipe publishes an ordanance granting pardon to
all persons convicted of -political offences, and commuing, the
sentence of death pronounced by the court of peers on Meunier
Into one of transportation for 10 years.
9 Lord Brougham enters his protest on the journals of the
House of Lords against the ministerial resolutions respecting
Canada.

Eliza Davies, barmaid at the King's Head, Regent's-park,
is found murdered in her master's house. No clue is obtained
of the perpetrator of the deed.
10 The House of Lords agrees to the ministerial resolutions
respecting Canada.

-The Portuguese ministry tender their resignation, in con-
sequence of a defeat in the Cortes o❑ the question ofiappointing
sub-secretaries of state.
11 Sir t•rancis Burdett is again elected member for West-
minster, defeating Mr. Leader by a majority of 586.
A coroner's inquest on the body of Eliza Davies returns a
verdict of wilful and malicious murder against some person or
persons unknown.

The Infante Don Sebastian evacuates Hernani, and
marches with all his forces towards the Ebro.
12 The House of Commons rejects a motion for the intro-
duction of a law of settlement into the Irish Poor Relief Bill.
13 Accounts arrive in London of increasing destitution in
the Highlands and Islands of Scotland.
14 The metropolis is visited with atremendous thunder-storm,
accompanied with hail.
Espartero captures Hernani.
16 Great meeting in the West Riding of Yorkshire against
the Poor Law Amendment Act.
--General Evans attacks Iran, and succeeds in taking the
greater part of the town.
17 General Evans captures Irun.
Don Carlos, accompanied by his ministers and court, and
the greater part of his army, crosses the river Arga.
18 Mr. Sergeant Talfourd introduces a bill to consolidate and
amend the laws relative to copyright.
Fontarabia capitulates to the Christino forces under Ge-
neral Evans.

A disastrous fire takes place at Nevis, by which property
is destroyed to the amount of £50.000.
19 A motion in the House of Commons, for the abolition of
the punishment of death for all crimes except that of murder,
is lost by a majority of one.
A clause in the Glasgow and Ayr Railway Bill, prohibit-
ing travelling on Sundays, is rejected by the House of Com-
mons.

-- A grand conservative festival takes place at Bury St.
Edmunds.

The five accomplices of Colonel Vaudry in the Strasburg
conspiracy are tried and acquitted.
'l'he General Assembly of the Church of Scotland peti-
tions parliament in favour of a clause in certain railway bills,
prohibiting travelling on Sundays.
Representations are made from Rio Janeiro, to the secre-
tary of state for foreign affairs, of the slave-trade being carried
on in steam -boats.
22 A grand conservative festival is held at Brighton.
23 The resolutions of ministers respecting church rates are
carried in the House of Commons by a majority of 5, there
being 287 for, and 282 against the resolutions.
24 The birthday of the Princess Victoria, when her Royal
highness attains het majority, which event is celebrated by en-
tertainments -at court, and rejoicings in the metropolis and
chief towns of England.
Irebarren is defeated by the Infante Don Sebastian at
H uesea.

Representations are made to the English legion at St.
Sebastian, to induce them to re-enlist at the expiration of their
term of service, which they mostly refuse.
2.5 Destructive fire in Holywell-street, Strand, attended with
loss of life.

26 Lord John Russell announces the postponement of the
government resolutions respecting church rates until the re-
port of a committee, which his lordship moves for, to inquire
into the best method of giving an increased value to church
rates.

Iribarren dies at Almaduver of wounds received in the
battle of Huesca.
27 The Carlists capture Fort Lerin.

•
28 An order in council is passed, continuing for one year
more, from the 10th January ensuing, the permission granted
to British subjects to engage in the service of the Queen of
Spain.
Three burglars are brought before the Court of King's
Bench, on a writ of certiorari, and claim their discharge on the
ground they had been sentenced to be transported by an in-
ferior court, when they might have been sentenced to be hanged.
The court allows the validity of the objection, and the prisoners
are lieerated.

29 Espartero leaves Her nani and marches towards Pampe-
lona. _ _

30 The Duke of Orleans, eldest son of the King of the
French, is married, at Fontainebleau, to the Princess Helena
of Mecklenburg.
A meeting is held at Birmingham, to take into conside-
ration a memorial signed by 12,000 or 13,000 workmen of that
town, complaining of distress, in consequence of the American
failures.

31 Fancy fair is held in the Hanover-square Rooms, under
the patronage of several ladies of the Romish persuasion, for
the purpose of raising funds for the completion of a new Ro-
mish chapel at Brentwood.
Joseph Grimaldi, the celebrated clown, dies at his resi-
dence at Pentonville, in the 57th year of his age.
