Attu publitations.

Just published, price ls. 6d.,
A LECTURE ON TRADITION, read before the Uni-
versity,, in the Divinity School, Oird, on Thursday,
March 7th, 1839, with Additions. By D. HAMPDEN,
D.D., Regius Professor of Divinity, etc.
B. FELLOWES7 Ludgate-street, London.

STANDARD FAMILY EDITION.
IN ONE VOLUME,

Now publishing in Ten Monthly Numbers. Price ls. each.
rHE ARABIAN NIGHTS' ENTERTAINMENTS,
Translated by the Rev. EDWARD FORSTE with illus-
trative notes and an Historical and Explanat y Introduc-
tion. Each Part contains two,or three super Engravings,
from designs by R. Smirke, Esq. R.A.

Dedicated, with permission, to Sir A. WY Callcott, R.A.
Just published, price 10s. 6d., cloth.
COLOUR AS A MEANS OF ART, being an adapta-
tion of the experience of Professors to the Practice of
Amateurs. With Eighteen coloured Plates. By FRANK
HOWARD, Esq., Author of the " Sketcher's Manual," "The
Spirit of Shakspeare, &c.
Mr. Howard has done good service to the arts in this
attempt to reduce to principles of certainty those qualities,
which have hitherto been vaguely referred to taste."—Atlas.
" A. volume replete with valuable observations, most
amusing and instructive."—Literary Gazette.
NEELE'S LECTURES.—THIRD EDITION,
Just published, price 4s. 6d. cloth, gilt.
LECTURES ON ENGLISH POETRY, from the reign
of Edward 111. to the time of Cowper. By HENRY NEELE,
Author of The Romance of History," &c. This work
will form an acceptable and appropriate present for youth at
this season of the year.
SPLENDIDLY ILLUSTRATED EDITION OF FAIRYTALES.
Just published, in Six Volumes, price 155., or 2s. 6d. each.
THE CHILD'S FAIRY LIBRARY, with 600 En-
gravings, from designs by Johannot, Granville, Gijoux
Francais, &c.
" One of the nicest little books ever issued for the delight
and benefit of little readers."—Court Journal.
THE CHILD'S LIBRARY UNIFORM WITH THE FAIRY
LIBRARY.
ROBINSON CRUESO, with numerous Illustrations by
GEORGE CRUIKSH ANK. 2 vols. Price ss.
" The best edition of this immortal fiction ever pub-
lished."—Court Gazette.

FAIRY TALES IN VERSE, by the Author of " Old
Friends in a New Dress," with 70 Illustrations, 1 vol. Price

2s. 6d. •
PHILIP QUARLL, with numerous Illustrations. 1 col
Price 2s. 6d.
London : Joseph Thomas ; T. Tegg ; C. Tilt ; and Simp
kin and Co.

PORTRAITS AND MEMOIRS
OF THE _

ARCHBISHOPS, BISHOPS, AND OTHER DISTIN.
.GUISHED DIGNITARIES AND CLERGYMEN
OF THE
UNITED CHURCH OF ENGLAND AND IRELAND

ELEGANT SPRING FAS -. lONS,
72, BOLD-STREET, LIVER 00L. •
TRS. BECKY' ITH begs most r• .pectfully to inform
IVA her Friends and the Public ge' -rally, that on THIS
DAY, (Friday,) and' the following ..ys,• she purlioses sub-
mitting for their inspection every - ,veltv in •
•FANCY BONNETS, CAPS, R . ON'S, FLOWERS, Sze.
that has been introduced this S mg by the first Houses in
the French Metropolis, together with n' large A SRor` ;ent rf
Ladies' WHITE CHIP, itICE . STRAW, RUTLA:YD,
and TUSCAN BONNETS, in elle most prevailing sdrie.s;
and at those prices she feels convinced will secure t•) her r.
share of public patronage and support. •
As Novelty will never be lost sight of, her Frie-,7.4 r-•rr
rely on meeting with every article of . Fashion within a
days of their making their appearance in the first Parisi n
Circle.

The Trade supplied with every Article in the Millinery
usiness.

Shipping orders executed with despatch, and to any ex ten%
trei' Several first-rate ASSISTANTS WANTED- in the
Millinery department, to whom- good salaries will be given.
Apply as above.

TO THE ELECTORS OF THE BO OUGH
OF WIGAN.
GENTLEMEN,
THE Resignation of the late.. Adtnini ation renders it
more than probable that a Dissolu on of the present
Parliament may shortly be expected: -
lam authorised, by his Friends, to s e, that, in the event
of such Dissolution taking place, the Right Honourable
LORD LINDSAY will become a CANDIDATE to fill one
or the then: vacant Seats for the . Representation of the said
Borough in Parliament. His Loyilsinp, who is r..t present on
the Continent, has been sbr`it for, aail will very ,scoot be
amongst and have the honour of paying his respects to you
in person. In the meantithe,
I remain, Gentlemen,
Your very obedient humble Servant,
HEN. GASKELL.
Dth May, .

THE FaMily of the late Mr. ROGER LEIGH. carrying
Ja- on business under the firm of JAMES LEIGH and
Co., most respectfully 'inform their- Friends and the Publie,
that they have REMOVED their Manufactory and Ret: il
y Establishment, from Byrom-street to N . .1, VAUXHALL -
ROAD; where they beg to solicit a ntinualice of tho. e
favours and kind patronage they have perienced for mai y
years, and for which they take the pre nt opportunity of, re-
turning their most grateful acknowled ments. ' r

ThO;:e families trho may deem it too far to send, if they
will have the kindness to put their orders into the Post-office,
will be most punctually attended to ; or, J. L. and Ca will
with pleasure send once a week, or as often as may be con-
venient, for orders.

PAPER HANGINGS.
ICHARD DODD and Co., MANUFACTURERS, 17,
BOLD-STREET, feel grateful to their F lends and the
Public for the very liberal encouragement rich they have
hitherto received; and wish to inform th .that, in addition
to their very extensive Stock, they have st received a most
splendid assortment of the newest London, French, Cennau,
and other fancy Papers, in the most prevailing shades.
C;;.* Please to observe, Three Doors below Newington.

MORISON'S MERCANTILE WRITING INKS.
OFFICE iNK, in Bottles 2s Od.. ls pd a:nl Os lid.
COPYING INK, in Bottles... 3s Od. i 1 and is Od.
Also RED, BLUE, and .JAP INKS. •
THE established. reputation of then WRITING INKS
renders it necessary to caution purchasers that none
are warranted which do not bear a fac simile of the Signa-
ture of the original and sole manufacturer, David Morison.
31, Dale-street, Liverpool.

DAVIS'S OPTICAL INSTRUMENT REPOSITORY,
65, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.
TOHN DAVIS, OPTICIAN AND MANUFACTURER. OF
PHILOSOPHICAL AND MATHEMATICAL' INSTRUMENTS,
(from Cheltenham,) returns his sincere "hanks for the dis-
tinguished support he has already rece. ed, and hopes that
his success in suiting defective visit the exquisite finish,
and great variety of his instrument will insure him their
continued favour. Spectacles, in the cheapest form, as well
as in the most costly mounting, are alike carefully selected ;
and the most satisfactory references can be given. A large
collection of Black Glasses, (London smoke,) which, for
weak eyes, are found so soothing and beneficial.
The attention of Pedestrians, &c. is respectfully directed
to his celebrated Pocket Telescopes, measuring, when closed,
only 34- inches, and yet possess sufficient power to show the
moons of Jupiter. Peaometers, for the waistcoat pocket.
Electro-magnetic Apparatus, in great variety. A very'
Portable Electro-Magnetic Machine, admirably adapted for
medical electricity, the decomposition of water, and combus-
tion of metals. •
_

Instruments Repaired on, the Premis,s. Catalogues on
application.
•
65, Bold-street.

The Queen has been vlzareci. to upl,c.int the Eityl of Ux-
bridge, Lora c ..1.01.,,.eh01d, in
the room of the Marquis Cbnyugharn, resigned.

- -
MARRIAGES IN HIGH Lutt.—The Lady Louisa Browne,
elaest' diui4lfer'tif the .I\l'avellioacts of Sligo,vviil: shortly be
united to Chat les Knox, Esq. a young gentleman of exten-
sive property in the 4 4,4 Mavo. The ceremony is to
take place iii about tkuve weeks. The marriage'of tlieLady
4114:11y,w;,c4rest datii.-,ll.ter of the Earl of *voraiara,
to L;Si4 Clareaidtiii; V to tali 6 plicehbOut
_the second W.etk,
in iiitce.'"`The 'Eift. ICrareit Is htmit 'to be inn rriW-tt,
Laura Paget, n':cet.) of the Marquis of Auglesey.—..lfur,,,,,:j
Post.

r; ,

`STEAM -NAVIGATION TO AMEE.CA.--A joint stock !..:arn
pauyis now forming in Glasgow, fcr carrying iiiisseni;ers'and
merchandise between the Clyde and New lark, by ideziiis
on iron steam-ship of great poVier and capacity; • teo..tail;'at
the rate of at least sixteen tulles an hour, Tt,iereby•
passage in about ten days, and. enabling this vessel. 0f541,,,e
nearly a monthly voyage to America. The, ctiliita.l.i-400
£so,o.`3o.—Giasgow Chronicle. .
REMARKABLE FACT.—About a fortnitrbt since,
•
young rabbits was ploughed up in -a field in We'bectill'oil
Mr. Edward Le,cock, of Walscorniit.., in thertiriSh'o;
Somerset ; they were taken home by the. ploughman Lis
mistress, who had a favoueite terrier; which jolt ;ny,:7
birth to several young ones. These wece reme%
cs i
drowned, and all the young Tabbits.pn their places,
they still continue on the most
.a.ffecionate terms s,..ith
step-mother, whose kindneSs in nhising and sucklin:
is at all times apparent ; and what. Discs a -greater 'de;l7:,-.7
incredibility to the story is, the fact that the terrier. is more
than commonly fond of bunting and destroying rabbits.—

;0,4 0,

West of England Cbuservative.-
. .
MAIDSTONE HOP INTELLIGENCE.—The last week's fine
weather has produced a considerable, improvement in the
bine, and a large number of planters will commence tying
this week, some having done so on Friday and: Saturday
last. The flea lies thickly on some of the weak ground under
the hills. A few warm showers would help the bine mate-
rially.—Maidstone Gazelle.

LYNCH LAW AND ITS-EFFEcTs.—We received a private •
letter from Natchitoches„a day or two since, in, which the
writer relates an instance of Lynching in the following 'words :
" Some time within the last month, a man' living on • the
Texas-road, about twelve miles from Natchitoches, within
the state, (Which had three orphan children 'under hiS care,
whom he frequently -maltreatod,) was pretty harshly drat
with by the adherents of Lynch law, as •the following Cir-•-
cumstances will show... The citizens of Natchitoches, on
hearing of. his maltreatment of the children, disguised them-
selves, and repaired to hiS house at night; for the purpose of
inflicting summary puniShment upOn him. Having found.
him, they carried hirn to the woods, tiecthinyto a tree, tarred
arid feathered him, and then whipped-him severely. Shortly
afterwards he came to town, nrrned with a loaded pistol; and
meeting a strange man accused him of having assisted in the
Lynching affair. Instantly upon making • the accusation, he
discharged the pistol into the breast of innocent -man,
wounded him severely- The fellow was..then taken up, and
committed to prison. He subsequently gave bail for his ap-
pearance at court, and was liberated. On the evening after
his release, he went to his home, and killed himself ! So
ends the affair."—New Orleans paper.
ILLEGAL MEETINGS FOR DRILLING.—It may not be
without its use at thiS juncture, if we notice the act of par-
liament which makes the assembling to train or drill to the
use of arms, or to practise military exercises, illegal and
punishable, as the case may be, with imprisonment and even
transportation. The act of the 60th Geo. 111. cap. 1, sec. 1,
prohibits all meetings and assemblies of persons for the pur-
pose of training or drilling theinselyes, or of being trained to
the use of arms, or for the purpose of practising military
exercise, movements, or evolutions, 'without any lawful au-
thority from her majesty, of the lieutonant,- or two justices •
of the peace for the, eounty, " And.o.very person who .shall
be present at, or attend any such . meeting or. assembly, for
the purpo.3e of training or drilling any other person or per-
sons, to the use of arms or the prtictise.of military. exercises,
movements, or evolutions, or who shall aid or assist therein,
being legally convicted thereof; shall hie liable to be trans-
ported for any term not exceeding even. War*, or be punished
by imprisonment not exceeding two years, at the discretion
of the court. And every person who shall attend or be pre-
sent at any such meeting, or who shall at any such meeting
be trained or drilled to the.use of fire-arms, or the practise of
military exercises, movements, or evolutions, being legally
convicted thoreof, shall be liable to be punished by fine and
imprisonment, not exceeding two years, at the discretion of
the court." The second section of the act makes it lawful
for any justice of the peace, or any constable or peace officer,
or for any other person acting in their aid or assistance, to
disperse any such unlawful meeting or assembly; and makes
it lawful to arrest and to commit parties, unless sufficient
hail be given for•their appearanCe at the next assizes, or ge-
neral quarter sessions of the peace, to answer any indictment
for the offence.—Manchester Guardian.

EXTRAORDINARY CIRCUMSTANCE.-011 the 18th April
last, girl of respectable connections, in the parish of Norton,
discovered a part of a needle embedded under the skin of the
fere-finger of her left hand. It was immediately taken out by
her friends, who supposed that it had been forced there by
accident, when sewing. However, on the following morning,
another broken needle was observed in the same place; and
since then, at different times, nearly fifty pieces have been
extracted, all out of the same finger, excepting two out of the
fore-finger, of the right hand, last week. The pieces vary in
length, and most of them are peefectly bright, and a little
bent on one end. What renders the circumstance more ex-
traordinary is, that the girl, whose age is 14, has never suf-
fered the least pain from their presence, and-is totally utr.ble
to account for their appearance; but her friends conclude
that she must have swallowed them, when an infant. About
twelve months' ago, she experienced a slight pain in her
shoulder ; but it was of short duration, ,and she has always
enjoyed good health. The,writer of this paragraph extracted
two pieces of the needles himself, with a pair of 5.n,=.11
tweezers. Four pieces were taken out successively on L:01-
day last, three on Thursday, and another yesterday rrioruhl.
• How many more will appear, of course the writer.i.:; uneVe
to judge. We have the above statement on the best authority;
and are at liberty to add, that Mr. Rogers, of the Bagshawe's
Arms, Hemsworth, will give reference to the above ',arty, if
any respectable individual should wish to satisfy h' st:.!l
further as to the facts of the case.—Sheffield
•
A clockmaker who is known by the name of the ' • •
ton Wonder," and who is in the habit of reciting ver:
doing "so at a public-house near,HardWieliq-park last
The verses were a sort of invocation to the Author of •'
and ended with the ,words " hell tire." A gnmekeener of
the Duke of Davonslii•re, who is a.- bit of a wag; mitlU.a cir-
cular tram of-gunpowder rotthdtheorator, corincetixig,it• with
the hearth ; and just before the.onlinQns wnr4s-were.4oxo he
pushed a lighted coal to the train, which etpioded 'as the.
words " hell fire," were uttered, when the astounded eloCk-
maker made but one hound out of the house, and ran home,
a distance of seven miles, at the top of his speed, without
once look* I:43lxistd hini.—Wieeiei'd

} ~ l

*m trial Varliamtnt.

HOUSE OF LPEDS.—MONDAY.
ADDRESS TO THE•CROWN.—CAN'ADA.
Viscount MELBOURNE moved that her Majesty's message
be read. -
The message having been read by the Clerk and by the
Lord Chancellor,
Viscount MELBOURNE rose, and, after some introductory
remarks, said :—My lords, the message from the throne only
submits the subject to your lordships' consideration. It
points to your lordships the principle of the measure intended
to be submitted to parliament—namely, the principle of a
union, for the purposes of legislation, of those two provinces
in that part of her Majesty's dominions which were divided
by the act of 1791. But, although it points out to your
lordships that such is the principle of the intended measure,
yet, neither upon that principle of a union, nor upon any
other part of
.the question, is it my intention to call for from
your lordships, at the present moment, either a decided opi-
nion, or any thing in the slightest degree resembling a pledge.
As it is not my intention to enter into the details of these
measures on the present occasion, or to enter into a consi-
deration of any of the various documents which have been
submitted to you, I shall content myself with moving that an
humble address be presented to return her Majesty 'the
thanks of this house for her Majesty's gracious message re-
lative to the provinces of Lower and Upper Canada, and to
assure her Majesty that we will not fail to take into our most
serious consideration the subject recommended to our atten-
tion by her Majesty, and that we shall be desirous of con-
curring in all such measures as may best tend to promote the
salutary objects which her Majesty has in view. The ad-
dresq, which was couched in the same terms with which the
the noble viscount concluded, was then read by the Lord
Chancellor.

The Duke of WELLINGTON thought that no proposition
could be more reasonable than that made to their lordships by
the noble viscount. He (the Duke of Wellington) would
follow the noble viscount's example, and refrain from advert-
ing to the subject, or the topics connected with it, on the
present occasion : being desirous that their lordships should
carry "to the foot, of the throne unanimously the assurance
contained in this address, of their willingness to take the
subject into consideration, and of their wish that they might
he enabled to approve of the, me,asnres to be submitted to
them.

Lord B
ROUGHAM entirely agreed . with the noble duke,
that the course taken by the poble viscount in proposing
such an addreis to the crown had been most judicious. The
principle of uniting the two provinces was as old as the hills.
The merit of .his noble friend (the Earl of Dothato) oan of a
differint.natort, S for hp entered low details, and proposed a
great variety Of mes.Aures for carrying his views into success-
ful effect. But the house was not committed in any way
whateitir to any of his plans by the adoption of the present
address.—Tbe address was then agreed to.
Several bills were brought up from the House of Commons.
The house adjoti!ned at half-past six.

HOUSE OF COMMONS—MONDAY.
Lord Kdbarne took the oaths and his seat for the county
of Ayr.

RESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER.

The SPE mi;ft;aid, before I proceed to the order of the
day,. I must respectfully request 'that I may be permitted to
make a communication to the house, of which it ought to be
informed. Experience admonishes me, that I have no longer
strength to enable me to meet as I have done heretofore the
fatigue and labour which are inseparable from the discharge
of the duties of the station in which I have the honour to be
placed. I have, therefore, come to the determination not to
resume my 'seat in the chair after the recess at Whitsuntide.
I have adopted this course because it will afford to the house
an opportunity of deliberating on the choice of a Speaker,
and will afford the least obstruction to the progress of public
business. As I propose to continue in the discharge of my
present duties until Whitsuntide, I do trust that the house
will be of opinion that I am acting with propriety in now
limiting my observations to the simple announcement of the
fact of my intended resignation.—[The announcement pro-
duced a great sensation in the house, which even at that early
hour (five o'clock) was crowded, as well in the body of the
house as in the galleries.]
Lord J. RUSSELL said—Sir, I am sure the house has heard
with great concern the announcement you have just made.
(Loud cries of " Hear, hear," from both sides of the house.)
If I were to consult my own feelings rather than yours, sir,
I should be disposed to make some remarks on that an-
nouncement ; but I am sure that I am consulting your feel- '
ings best when -I say, that I will not now enter upon the
question of the merits which have been so conspicuous in the
situation which von have held. (Loud cheers.) I will only
say, therefore, that in leaving the chair, I can assure You,
sir, you carry with you.the respect, the regard, and the gra-
titude of this house. (Loud cheers.)
Sir ROBERT PEEL said,—Sir, as the noble lord has declared
that, out of consideration for your feelings he has laid a
restraint upon the expression of his own, I feel myself almost
compelled to follow the example lie has set. But, sir, as my
situation is not altogether the same with that of the noble
lord, as on your first proposal to the chair, you had the cor-
dial support of the noble lord, and a, it was my painful duty
to give a vote to the other candidate, I may perhaps be justi-
fied in so far departing from the example which he has set—
(loud cries of " hear, hear,")—as to offer my public testimony
to the integrity and impartiality with which you, sir, have
discharged your duties in presiding over the deliberations of
this house, and to declare that I think that, not only on
account of your discharge of the duties of the chair, but on
account of your persevering efforts to improve the conduct of
private business—(loud cries of "hear, hear,"—you are en-
titled to the expression of public gratitude. (Loud cheers.)
The Seditious Societies Act Amendment Bill was read the
third time and passed.
On the third reading of the Exchequer Bills (X 13,000,000)
Bill,
Mr. H UNE said that he assumed that this bill did not give
the Chancellor of the Exchequer power to borrow money,
but merely to renew outstanding exchequer bills.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER answered that the
object of the bill had been correctly interpreted; he could
not imagine how any other inference could be drawn.
Sir R. PELL having inquired what course it was intended
to pursue regarding her Majesty's message and the Canadas,
Lord J. RUSSELL answered that he intended to bring for-
ward the subject on Friday next, and that he then proposed
to move for leave to bring in a bill to connect the two pro-
vinces for legislative purposes.
JAMAICA GOVERNMENT BILL.

Mr. MacutaN rose and said, that this was the only occa-
sion in the annals of parliament when a constitution, which
had been now in operation for 150 years, was attempted to
be taken away in the manner proposed by the right honoura-
ble gentlemen opposite. By the course which the noble lord
was pursuing, he was depriving the inhabitants of Jamaica
of that nascent liberty which had been conferred on them,
and weakening the safety, honour, and welfare of the king-
dom. (Hear, hear.)
Sir E. WII.IIOT considered the question now before the
house to be this :—" Having given the negroes their liberties,
will you condemn them to continue in a state of slavery under
the guise of freedom ?" He felt deeply the importance of
that question ; and he owned he could not, consistently with
his principles, feelings, and conduct, with regard to negro
emancipation, answer it in any other way than by sup-
porting the present measure. (1-lear and cheers.) It should
never be forgotten, that the same representative assembly
which suited 300,000 slaves would not be applicable when
these slaves became free men. Ile gave his vote in support
of the government from the most perfect conviction that he
was doing what was right. (Cheers.)
Mr. G ROTE said he could see in the bill no prospect of
benefit to the blacks, and many tokens of severity to the
whites. The great desideratum was to induce among the
negroes oblivion of the past, and patience under the present.
The constituency was but a small body yet, but every year
was now enlarging it. The supporters of the bill themselves
treated the reasons assigned by government with just con-
tempt ; but, if the bill could not stand on its preamble, it
ought not to stand at all. This was called a suspension ; but
if it took effect, man would ever see a revival. The
movement on behalf of this bill was only an exaggerated anti-
slavery feeling, kept alive after its legitimate purposes had
all been fulfilled; and really the government, instead of try-
ing to put the assembly into a favourable temper for legisla-
tion, had done all in its power to exasperate them, both in
substance and in manner.

Mr. CLAY must say, that the conclusion at which his hon.
friend had arrived had Ailed him with regret, surpassed only
by the feelings of surprise with which he regarded the reasons
which had led his hon. friend to the adoption of so strange
a course. After a careful consideration of the report, he be-
lieved that,. in ♦otin in favour of the measure, as introduced
by the noble lord, he should be taking the best course, not
only for the emancipated negroes, but for the planters them-
selves. . . .
Ir. WARBURTON said, that if the constitution of Jamaica
were one in which the relation of representative and consti-
tuent really subsisted, he would pause ; but the people of that
colony being kept in order, not by their own free institutions,
but only by the English army and navy, he thought it incum-
bent ou England to take care, at least, that justice should be
done to them. The objection to the preamble did not affect
his mind ; fur it Lad nut been usual that preambles should
state all the reasons of the enactments following them.
Mr. GALLY KNIGHT was as anxious as any man that the
emancipation should be brought to a prosperous issue ; but
would the issue be prosperous if Jamaica were to be turned
into one great jungle, and the negroes remitted to a state of
barbarism ?

Mr. Gout/witsr opposed the bill, which, he observed, none
of its supporters had defended on the grounds assumed by its
introducers. Jamaica was not the only colony whose laws
had been disallowed ; the same fate had befallen the slave-
laws of almost all the legislative colonies, awl was govern-
ment prepared to include them also in their proposal for su-
perseding an assembly by a council ? But the slave-laws of
those colonies which are regulated by councils had been as
little satisfactory as the slave-laws of the legislatures. Of
the 17 laws so passed by councils, only one had been allowed.
Ministers had been apprised in December of the assembly's
resistance. Had they been re illy anxious to avoid the pre-
sent exti emity, they might have prevented it then by a con-
ciliatory explanation; or; if that had failed, the government
would now hays been in the right. The repetition of the
resolutions by a second assembly had been urged on behalf
of government ; but h• thought it was rather an argument
against them, for It was a great error to send the assembly to
their constituents on a question on which the assembly was
thus at variance with the government. The British parlia-
ment, no doubt, possessed rights ; but, as had been said on
another occasion, they had also duties.
Mr. O'CoNs; EL t. took this distinction between Jamaica
and the other legislative colonies, that the others had not ab-
dicated their functions. Another trial was now asked for.
There had been three trials already, and Jamaica had done
nothing. He then read a variety of extracts from evidence
detailing the cruelties committed in some of the prisons of
Jamaica.

Mr. GLAns-roNE asked why, when it was obvious that the
measure, even if it obtained a majority, could never gain a
support strong enough to pass it into a law, it was thus passed
on, and the differences of opinion in England thus exhibited
to Jamaica ? He contended that the assembly had not, as
had been alleged, either stopped the supplies or demanded
the repeal of the prison law, and complained of the heat and
hurry of the legislation against Jamaica, as compared with
the forbearance of the government to Canada after a stoppage
of the supplies for four successive years. There was much
legislative requisite to put matters on a sound basis in Ja-
maica ; but it was the interest of the planters themselves to
pass these necessary laws ; for there a state of things pre-
vailed the converse of that in England, since, in England,
the supply of labour exceeded the demand, while in Jamaica
the demanded exceeded the supply. This gave the advantage
to the labourers, and made it an object with the masters to
do them justice. The assembly had actually offered the sup-
plies ; was the mother country prepared, in the teeth of the
act for the independence of the colonies, to refuse the grant,
and take from Jamaica the right of imposing her own taxa-
tion?
Sir S. LUSH INGTON supported this bill, first on the ground
of imperious necessity ; he supported it for the purpose of
redeeming the plighted faith of the British nation, pledged to
ensure justice and protection to 320,000 British subjects—
(hear, hear)—he supported it because, in his conscientious
belief, the continuance of the present state, he would not say
of law, but of misrule and disorganisation in the island of
Jamaica, would be as destructive of the great commercial
and agricultural interests embarked in the island, as he knew
it would be ruinous to the peace, happiness, and comfort of
the colony. (lieu, hear ) lie deeply, regretted that it had
become the duty of her Majesty's government to press this
bill. But this he would say, that, if in this contest they
should fall, it would be in an attempt to administer justice
and to secure liberty and protection to the newly e►nancipated
negroes.
Lord STANLEY expressed his regret to see the talents of a
great constitutional lawyer like the preceding speaker em-

.I.` 1 \\

lloyed in supporting one of are most arbitrary measures that
rad ever been presented to a British House of Commons.

He admitted that in ordinary bills the preamble needs not
state all the reasons for the enactments ; but this was a bill
of pains and penalties ; and if on such a bill you did not
mean to be bound by your preamble, with what view had
you heard counsel against it?. The persons who now de-
sired to suspend the assembly for a term of years, in order
to mature the negroes for franchise, were the very men who,
on all formeroccasions, had represented the negroes as already
ripe for all the enjoyment of civil liberty ; and the liberal
party, the exclusive lovers of freedom, were now in arms to
suspend a free constitution, and to suspend it on false pre-
tences. _ _

Lord JouN RUSSELL closed the debate with a short sum-
mary of the arguments for the bill. He regretted to
observe, that many who had assisted in the passing of the
great' measure of emancipation now appeared to have changed
their opinions upon these points; and he feared it was with
many upon grounds very different from those upon which
they had originally taken up this laudable question. He
feared these new views were taken up by some, because the
question had been made a party question, and the rejection
of this measure would be held as a triumph over the govern-
ment now in power. (Cheers.) He had every respect for
those who conscientiously thought, that the legislative func-
tions of the assembly of Jamaica should not be interfered
with by the parliament of this country ; but some there were
who would oppose this measure, who, he feared did not do so
under these conscientious scruples ; but who, for the sake
of party purposes, refused their support to a measure by
which, he thought, the negro would be protected, and the
planter in the end benefited and secured in his interests.—
(Hear, hear.) Such a man, who could so act, whatever might
be his present feelings, must sooner or later suffer under the
reproaches of his own conscience, and the condemnation of
his country. (Cheers.)
The house then divided ; the numbers were—Ayes, 294 ;
noes, 289 ; majority, 5. The result of the division was re-
ceived with loud and long-continued cheers from the opposi-
tion benches. _

The house then resolved itself into committee pro forma.
The Chairman immediately reported progress, and asked
Leave to sit again on Monday. Adjourned at two o'clock.

HOUSE OF LORDS.-TUESDAY.
PENNY POSTAGE.

A great many petitions from numerous places throughout
the country, in favour of Mr. R. Hill's plan of cheap post-
age, were presented by the Duke of Richmond, the Earl of
Cawdor, and Lord Brougham.
The Duke of RICHMOND presented petitions from places
in Essex and Scotland, for the protection of the church in
the colonies.

The Earl of CAWDOR presented a petition from Nairn, in
favour of church extension in Scotland.

BEER BILL.

Lord PORTMAN said, seeing his noble and learned friend
in his place, he wished to ask whether he would agree to
defer the second reading of his Beer Bill, inasmuch as there
was a bill on the same subject in another place, which stood
for second reading to-morrow, and he begged to ask his
noble and learned friend whether it would not be better to
hear what the opinion of government was, and not precipi-
tate his bill at the present moment.
Lord BROUGHAM said he would not give his noble friend
an answer at the present moment—(laughing.) The bill,
however, in the House of Commons was totally different
from his—which, indeed, he should oppose—and, with their
lordships' permission. he certainly should proceed with the
bill that evening.
Lord BROUGHAM then presented petitions in favour of his
Beer Bill from the licensed victuallers of Salford, Bristol,
Canterbury, Lewes, and other places ; as well as various si-
milar petitions from other bodies of persons, such as the ma-
gistrates of rural districts, and the inhabitants of towns.
