CONTEIIIPOIL4IIY PRESS.

ARCHBISHOP WHATLEY'S LOGIC.
NEW EDITION.
( From the Dublin Evening Mail.)
The admirers of correct reasoning will be gratified
to learn that a learned gentleman has in preparation a
new edition of the above excellent work; we do not
mean the distinguished author himself, whose impor-
tant avocations—especially as he has undertaken the
task of compiling an epitome of the Rosary of the
Blessed Virgin, for the use of the national schools—no
longer afford leisure for secular literature ' • but one
even more distinguished as a rhetorician, and perhaps
equally great as a philosopher—we mean Mr. O'Con-
nell, the member for Dublin.

The principal improvement effected by the learned
editor on the Aristotelian system, appears in the third
figuFe of syllogisms, which has hitherto been very in-
adequately exemplified, but all the propositions belong-
ing to this figure are now, we think, through his laud-
able exertions, rendered consequential to the meanest
capacity. We subjoin specimens of the first five :

- -
1 Ds- The difference between £lO and £8 is just 405.,
Sharman, my boy, according to arithmetic;
1. ea*e- But if you pronounce aliens aliens you'll never get
medal at school.
J Tr. Ergo—The agitation is no humbug.

) Pa- Oh, Sharman, my jewel!
9. I tat.- "You lie,"
TON. Ergo—His ears ought by no means to be nailed to
the pump.
) Dts- We are miraculously unanimous;
3. AM. But " nobody axed you, Sir, she said,"
3 ts. Ergo—We must form a Precursor Society.

I DA- Any man that has not a respect for O'Connell has
no respect for Ireland ;
4. Lis- But white waistcoats are not the fashion in Ire-
-1 land, at all, at all,
Jt. Ergo—The box shall go round.
Bo- " Great. Britain and England," oh!
5. KER.. But 1 have 54 children and grandchildren,
DO. Ergo—DOWN WITH YOUR SHILLING ! _

&c. &c. &c.

SUNDAY TRAVELLING ON RAILWAYS.
/From the Scottish Guardian.)
We are sure that it must have given our readers and
the Christian public great joy to learn that the decided
stand which has been made by the Presbytery of Edin-
burgh, and other ecclesiastical courts, has been suc-
cessful in putting an end to the Sabbath desecration
which had begun upon the Dalkeith railway. All par-
ties, and especially the poor and working classes, are
deeply indebted to them and to the influential. pro-
prietors who came so promptly forward for this protec-
tion against incipient, but what in all probability would
ere long have proved wide-spread slavery and oppres-
sion. While the Sabbath is the day of God, and there-
fore property which no one is entitled to appropriate for
any. purposes but those which He has authorised, it is
eminently the birthright and privilege of the poor; and
those are their greatest enemies, under whatever name
of freedom they may attempt to disguise their tyranny,
who would break down the barriers of that day, and
rob them of its peace and cessation from labour. Once
legalise the desecration of the Sabbath, and what be-
gins with pleasure would soon terminate in toil. his
gratifying, and we trust it will be useful to other com-
panies, to see how strong and warm is the religious
feeling of the community after all that has been done
to poison and debase it. The proprietors who passed
the obnoxious resolution represented but twenty
shares, and consisted only of five or six persons.
Those who rescinded it represented nearly 140 shares,
formed a large body, and passed their resolutions una-
nimously. If we have not been misinformed, dim
was a sensible diminution in the gains of the com-
pany, not only in the number of persons, but in the
amount of the merchandise conveyed on the week af-
ter the profanation of the Lord's-day bad begun. We
know that a number of persons agreed together that
they would travel no longer by that railway to any of
its destinations, and that some of its best servants
would have resigned had the outrage been continued.
We hope that Christian men will feel it to be their
ditty, and will be encouraged by this case, to use all
the influence of their property, as well as of their ex-
ample, in protecting the sanctity of God's day where
it is in any danger of violation, and that they will
combine to apply a remedy where the evil exists Why
should our Exchange be open to Sunday newspaper
reading? Is it much better than Sunday railroad tra-
velling ? No one will wonder to be told that the
Edinburgh Scotsman newspaper has signalised himself
on the present occasion by his advocacy of the railroad
desecration. Some papers have taken miserably low
ground in defence of the Sabbath—such ground as
would have sanctioned the profanation, if it had only
happened to be agreeable to the feelings of the Scot-
tish people; but he has the unenviable distinction of
being the patron and defender of Sabbath violation,
under the pretence of regard for the poor. And yet
this is eminently the paper of dissenting ministers and
dissenting laymen. What will they say to this ? What
can they say, but that the Scotsman is following out
their own voluntary principles—that the state has no-
thing to do with religion—that the civil law has no
business with the Sabbath—and that all men should
therefore be left to trade and traffic, oppress each
other, and amuse themselves on its sacred hours as
they please, without let or hindrance. And Volun-
tarism is the friend, and the only friend, of religion!
Pity the religion which is left to such a friend ! We
need scarcely say, that the feeling in this quarter, and
throughout the Church, in behalf of Sabbath protec-
tion, is so strong, that had the Presbytery of Edin-
burgh been obliged to go to the house of Lords with
the railway company, they would have been cordially
supported.

THE LATE PARLIAMENTARY SESSION.
(From the. 0 rt'or,l Herald.)
A fragment of a paragraph in our last number af-
forded room enough for a recapitulation of the minis-
terial achievements of the ten months' session ; but if
we are called upon for a list of the failures and defeats
of her Majesty's advisers, we must decline the task, on
the plea that the columns of a weekly journal cannot
contain them without excluding all other matter, " so
great"—to borrow Johnson's phrase in alluding to the
worldly circumstances of his friend Goldsmith—" so
great is the negative catalogue" of their services and
successes. This necessity of silence on our part, and
on the part of other weekly journals, is of less oonse-
(pence, because ministers and the country are sure to
hear of the desertions and disasters in the loud voice
of the disappointed "movement."
.Already that voice
is audible at Birmingham, Manchester, Aberdeen, and
Edinburgh, and throughout the whole length and
breadth of Ireland; and it. will be still higher and more
angry before many weeks shall pass.
Now, if Lord Melbourne and his colleagues were
guilty of nothing worse than defeating the hopes of
the revolutionist factions, they would merit our grati-
tude rather than our hatred and contempt; but when,
as is notoriously the fact, they stand before the coun-
try guilty of having themselves, for lucre sake, in
spired the hopes that they have disappointed, and ex-
cited the fierce passions which thee now vainly labour
to repress—hatred ;i1(1 contempt are almost too mild
feelings to entertain toward, tin authors of thissordid,
two-fold treachery. In such a cacti, one can look with-
out compassion upon the victims of their own crime
perishin in the fire that they have kindled for a wicked
gain.
Such seems to be the approaching doom of the Ca-
binet. Ministers have no longer the Monarch to place
between themselves and the indignation of their radi-
cal disciples and auxiliaries, as they did most traito-
rously place the late King. They can no longer shift
upon the Home of Lords the responsibility for their
defections and failures. They have not even asked
the House of Lords to pass any of the favourite mea-
sures of the British radicals ; and the bill which is now
put forward as a pretext for fanning into new rage the
old flame of Irish rebellion, is a bill brought in by mi-
niiterc themselves—namely, the Irish Tithe Bill. This
is the position in which Lord Melbourne and his col-
leagues stand with relation to the Radicals and Pa-
pists—they have broken faith with their allies, and
nave no apology to ofie.r but treachery or weakness, or
both.

To expect, however, that the Radicals and Papists
will resent the injury in an honest and manly manner,
by turning their. hacks' upfin " tile squeezable cabi-
net," would be to pay an unmerited compliment to
these parties. The -Radicals are just as mean, as

tricky, and is unprincipled, as the men in Downing-
street. Were the latter in any serious difficulty to-
morrow, their present accusers would fly to the rescue
as promptly as they did in 1835, and as they did last
summer, because the thing upon earth most dreaded
by them is the possession of office by a firm, vigilant,
and upright administration. Nevertheless, the parties
are ruining each other beyond any chance of recovery.
Their reciprocal abuse makes them both despicable
and both odious in the judgment of thinking men;
and thougllthere are slight deviations now and then,
England\is governed by thinking men upon the ave-
rage of years. It may be supposed, at first, that the
belligerents will see this necessary effect of their war-
fare, and, therefore, put an end to it; but of such*
consummation there is no possibility. The ruling
principle of the men composing the parties is an in-
tenAe and profligate selfishness.
This selfishness causes them to postpone the interests
of the country to the interests of their united faction,
and will cause the members of that faction to sacrifice
its general interests, if necessary, to the interests of
the respective sections to which these members may
happen to belong. They will persevere vigorously in
heaping dirt upon each other until the accession of a

Conservative ministry shall awaken them to their dan
ger ; then they will once more rush into union, bui
then it will be too late.

Meanwhile other circumstances are working to ac-
celerate the catastrophe. The increased naval power
of France, and that ambition which is so often the at-
tendant upon augmented power Of every kind, are dis-
playing themselves in the war of Mexico and of Bue-
nos Ayres, and in the wider range of operations pro.
jected in the district of Algiers. Accounts, also, have
reached this country of the capture of a second British
vessel by the Russian vessel in the Black Sea. The
state of our war, for war it is, with Persia, or rather
with Russia in Persia, is at best precarious.
The country will demand stronger hands at the helm
than those which have by their weakness run the ves-
sel of the state into these difficulties and dangers.
That capricious intifference which too often induces
wise, and honest men too, to regard the great strife of
politics as a game in which they are no otherwise con-
cerned than as the spectators of a sport; will disap-
pear, as it always has disappeared, at the first unequi-
vocal manifestation of present danger, and the effect
will be to dismiss the whig-radicals from office at once
and for ever.
