There is not the slightest foundation for the paragraph that
appeared in a morning contemporay, which stated instructions
to have been forwarded to Brighton from the Lord Chamber-
lain's office, to prepare the pavilion for her Majesty's re-
ception on the 30th inst.—Examiner.
We regret to announce the death, which took place on
Friday afternoon, at three o'clock, of the Right Honourable
Robert Cutlar Fergusson, her Majesty's Judge Advocate-
General, and M.P. for the stewartry of Kirkcudbright, N.B.
—Ministeral Paper.
The tolls of the Birmingham and Bromsgrove turnpike
roads were let on Friday week, at an advance of £761 on
on their previous rental of £1,851, showing a considerable
diversion of traffic from other routes to meet the London
and Liverpool Railway.
FIVE-POUND CONVERTS.—The John Bull says—" We are
informed, upon authority which we have no reason to ques-
tion, that at Stoke-by-Nayland, in Suffolk, converts to popery
receive a premium of £5 each."
We learn thatproceedings havebeen taken in the University
Court at Oxford against the Regius Professor of Divinity
there for a libel on his Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury,
contained in a recently-published correspondence.-31orning
Chronicle. [Dr. Hampden is the professor in question ]

ROCHDALE FLANNEL MARKET, MONDAY, Nov. 19.
There is no abatement in the demand for coarse flannels to-
day, and the prices have been quite equal to those of last
week. Fine goods have, for some weeks back, been very
little ihquired after. There has been a fair business doing
in wool, at steady prices.
The Vienna Gazette announces the death, at Ernstbrunn,
in Lower Austria, of a day labourer, named Damberaer, at
ago Ur 12.0 it,. was born in 1708, at
Zierotitz, in Moravia. He served in the time of Charles VI.
under Prince Eugene of Savoy. He never married till he
was 100 years old, and from July, 1829, was a pensioner on
the emperor's privy purse.
A WORD OF ADVICE TO HUSBANDS.—Love so, that you
may be feared ; rule so, that you may be honourod; be not
too diffident, lest you teach her to deceive you; nor too sus-
picious, lest you teach her to abuse you ; if you see a fault,
let your love hide it; if she continue in it, let your wisdom
reprove it ; reprove her not openly, lest she grow bold; re-
buke her not tauntingly, lest she grow spiteful; proclaim not
her beauty, lest she grow proud; boast not of her wisdom,
lest you be thought foolish; let her not see your imperfec-
tions, lest she disdain you; profane not her ears with loose
' communications, lest you defile the sanctuary of her mo-
desty. An understanding husband makes a discreet wife,
and she a happy husband.
ABSURDITIES OF HUMAN LIFE.—To call a lout with an
ass's bead and horse-hair wig, your " learned brother."—
To go to law for five pounds, when you may get off by pay-
ing ten.—Not to understand that might is right.—To expect
that a subscription list will ever produce the money set down.
—To assemble ten thousand fools to see you ascend in a
balloon, and to expect any thing but regret if you don't break
your neck.—To study any thing but humbug when it makes
an income of £4O per annum only fifteen hu-ndred !—To buy
cream in the neighbourhood of a lime-kiln.—To eat pigeon
pie in the rook season.—To go out shooting with a cockney,
and feel astonished if you discover the charge in the small of
your back.—To expect a principal singer not to have a cold
immediately after reading a bad part.—To ask a hackney
coachman his fare, and leave it to his " honour."—To quar-
rel with a turnpike man within ten minutes to twelve, as he
is sure to wrangle over the time.—To ask the painter of your
portrait " is it a likeness."—To go into an Irish regiment
unless you wish to become a substitute for the target in the
shooting gallery.—To expect an American in Franceto deny
he is an Englishman, if asked the question.—To imagine, for
a moment, that a man with large collars and no wristbands
has a clean shirt on.—To meet a man with a crack in his
boot and believe it has taken place " since he came out."—
Not to deduct a clear half from angler's weight and number.
—To snuff wax candles at a Christmas party, and fancy
people will believe you when you say "you always make the
mistake."—To expect a Frenchman to confess that the
English won the battle of Waterloo.—To endeavour to outlie
a Yankee.—Cheltenham Free Press.
About three o'clock on Tuesday morning, the inmates of
the Griffin Inn, Dudley, were much alarmed by a loud ex-
plosion, which shook that and the adjoining houses to their
foundations. The noise appearing to have come from the
cellar, the people ran there, when they found it to have been
caused by the pressure of the carbonic acid gas in a barrel of
old ale, which, not finding any vent, had exploded, and the
whole of the contents were lost on the floor.—Hereford
Journal.

At a meeting of the Radical Political Union of the Potter-
ies, on Wednesday, the hustings gave way in the middle of
Mr. Feargus O'Connor's speech, and about fifty persons fell
to the ground; but nobody was seriously hurt. Mr. O'Con-
nor went to a heap of coals near the spot, and continued his
speech to the close. The females of the Potteries have formed
a political union.—StaPrdshire Examiner.
DIABOLICAL AcTs.--Some miscreants have been placing
planks and logs across the trams on the Sheffield and Rother-
ham Railroad, in order to cause accidents to the trains in
passing. Fortunately the guards discovered two of these in-
famous attempts, and the engine which came upon the third
threw it off the road without doing any injury to the train.—
Sheffield Iris.

INGLEWHITE TRAGEDY.—We regret to learn tha
Edward Sanderson, whose wife a short time ago destroyed
herself and her five children by poison, is in a state of pecu-
niary distress. The extravagance and thoughtlessness of his
late wife, together with the expenses which the premature
fate of his family necessarily subjeeted him to, have thrown
him considerably in arrear.—Preston Chronicle.
THE CHEVET TUNNEL ON THE NORTH MIDLAND RAIL-
WAY, NEAR WAKEFIELD.—This stupendous undertaking,,the
work of many months, is at length opened, we understand, at
both ends. It is about three quarters of a mile in length, and
in some places nearly thirty yards under ground. The line
in the neighbourhood is fast progressing, as well as the via-
duct over the Barnsley Canal, which will be a gigantic spe-
cimen of art.—Leeds Mercury.
COACH ACCIDENT AND SINGULAR ESCAPE.—On Saturday
last, about six o'clock, as the Peveril, Manchester coach, was
on its way to Leicester, the axletree broke about a quarter of
a mile before it reached Oadby, about four miles trom Lei-
cester, which caused the vehicle to upset; but fortunately the
passengers were only slightly bruised. One of the coach
doors was forced off with such violence, that it was hurled
through the coach, carrying the other door with it; and yet
a lady and three children, who were inside, escaped unhurt.
—Leicestershire Mercury.
Two children, belonging to a poor man of the parish of
Denham, have been taken out of their graves in that church.
yard, on the confession of a girl of twelve years of age, an
elder sister, of having been the cause of both their deaths.
The youngest, about two monts old, she killed by smothering
it with a pillow about five months ago; the eldest she con-
fessed having caused its death about three weeks back; this
child was more than two years old, A jury then sat on the
body, under Mr. Grose, the county coroner; a verdict was
recorded—died from apoplexy. No suspicion otherwise was
then entertained.—Norwich Mercury.
SUSPECTED MURDER.—A tew days back, the body of a
man, in a dreadful state of decomposition, was discovered in
a wood near Lindfield, in Sussex. Since then, fruits the put -
licity given to !he circumstance, the body has been identi-
fied; and little doubt remains but that the deceased was bru-
tally murdered. The brother of the unfortunate deceased,
who has identified the clothes of his relative, states that he
was a travelling jeweller, in partnership with him ; and that,
at the time when he disappeared, he could not have been in
the possession of property to a less amount than £3OO. The
last time he was seen was at Lindfield fair, in October last,
when he had been drinking, and was gambling with some
parties who are known, and whose characters are suspicious.
Steps have been taken which, it is expected, will throw some
light on this mysterious affair. The deceased was an Italian.
A sheep, the property of Mr. Simon, of Kirkhead, in
Loweswater, had got itself fixed, or what the shepherd's call
" crag-fast," in the rock at the head of the great chasm at
Scale Force, where it was thought it must ultimately perish ;
but Mr. Simon, through humane feelings at seeing it hunger
to death, sent his son with his shepherd, Thomas Robinson,
with ropes and proper instruments to try to extricate it from
its miserable situation ; but all their efforts were in vain,
and it was given up for lost. Soon after, however, hunger
inspired the poor animal to leap or rather tumble into the
water at the head of the great cataract, where it was carried
right down into the basin below. The Force being very high
at the time, the sheep was thrown on the shallow water,
where it was taken out alive, when it travelled home with the
rest of the flock, seemingly not much worse. A more won-
derful escape was never' known in Loweswater; but as the
place in question is well known to lake tourists and others, a
description of it is unnecessary here.— Whitehaven Herald.
DARING HIGHWAY ROBBERY.—Yesterday, about three
o'clock in the afternoon, as David Rees, an elderly man in
the employ of the Earl of Cawdor, was returning from New-
castle with the rents of the Tivyside estates (amounting to
several thousands), within little more than one mile of Car-
marthen, he was waylaid by a person of the name of John
Owen, of the Swan, Newcastle, who attacked the old man,
and pulled him off his horse, and threw him into the ditch.
lie then mounted his horse, and drove off at full gallop.
Soon leaving the turnpike, he took the road leading to Moel-
cwan farm, and passed through the farm yard into the adjoin-
ing fields, which happened to be enclosed. There being no
thoroughfare, and the horse refusing to take the hedge, he
immediately dismounted, taking the portmanteau which con-
tained the money from behind the saddle, and made the best
of his way across the fields towards the Plough and Harrow
public-house, where he had left his own horse. In the mean-
time, Rees recoved from his fall, and made' all haste in pur-
suit of his horse and the thief, calling out " Stop thief," &c.,
which attracted the attention of John Thomas, a servant at
Moelewan, and several others, who joined in the pursuit.
John Thomas soon came up with Owen, who immediately
took a pistol from his pocket, and threatened to shoot Tho-
mas if he did not immediately retire, which threat first
alarmed him; but he still followed, bawling out " Stop thief,"
and calling for assistance to every person he saw. A large
crowd soon joined in the chase; and Owen was observed to
drop the portmanteau in a hedge, which was immediately
recovered. He was very soon afterwards surrounded and
captured, and brought into this town. He was examined yes-
terday and to-day, and is committed for further examination.
Welshman.
MISS DARLING.—Last week Mr. Batty gave a benefit to
Miss Darling, when £2O, deducting expenses, was realised.
This sum was paid to her by Mr. Silvester, a member of Mr.
Batty's establishment, on Saturday ; and we were much sur-
prised to learn, notwithstanding all that has been said about
presents sent to this heroic young lady, that, except the
medal by the Humane Society of Glasgow, and a cup, the
present of Lord Fitzclarence, the above was the first money
she received. The statements that L 5 had been sent by this
and that person, fora lock of her hair, and so forth, are so
many pieces of figurative writing • and whatever she may
yet receive, up to Saturday nothing beyond what we have
stated bad reached her or her venerable father. We thought
from what we saw in the newspapers, that Miss Darling must
have received some thousand pounds—now we, and many
others, have been misled. Three different artists, and a
brother of the broad sheet, have visited the Ferns since the
wreck of the Forfarshire; but they, of course, went to turn
the shipwreck into account, not to reward the Darlings. We
trust that this notice will have the effect of calling attention
to the facts; and that those who have taken an interest in
promoting subscriptions, will take means to make certain
that the amount they receive shall reach the parties'for whom
it is really intended.—Edinburgh Observer.

The Liverpool preliminary meetings of the members and
friends of the Wesleyan methodist connexion, in furtherance
of the celebration of the centenary in 1839, according to a
plan proposed by a committee of ministers and gentlemen
at a meeting held in Bristol in July last, and which was
adopted by resolutions of the late conference, were held on
Wednesday as announced.
The first took place at ten o'clock in the morning in the
Brunswick Chapel, Moss-street, but as it aas intended to
bear more the character of a. private than a public assembly,
and had not been so extensively announced as is usual when
a full attendance is desired, the congregation was not nume-
rous, though it was highly respectable.
After worship, conducted by the Rev. Mr. Anderson,
superintendent of the district, James Wood, Esq., of Man-
chester, was requested to take the chair.
The CFIAIHNIAN, addressing the meeting, said it was not
the first time he had found out that the post of honour, if not
that of danger, was not uufrequently the post of difficulty.
He was, indeed, little aware when he was appointed, at Man-
chester, treasurer to the centenary fund, that be should be
called upon, ex officio, to occupy the chair upon this interest-
ing occasion, and undoubtedly that honour would not• have
been bestowed upon him but for the unavoidable absence of
the venerable and much-esteemed president. His friends
had, however, told him that it did devolve upon him, and he
had only therefore to regret that he had not the power to
discharge the duties to their satisfaction and his own honour.
He begged to be allowed to say that he stood before them a
living monument of the grace of God—(hear, hear, hear)—
there was nut a greater in the assembly, or within the pre-
cincts of this important borough. He should have been lost,
not only here but hereafter, if he had not been corrected by
the economy of the connexion, and he now declared plainly,
and fully, and unreservedly, that no person was more in-
debted to Wesleyan methodism. All which he had in this
world, and all the hopes which he possessed of another and a
better world, he owed, under God, to Wesleyan methodism;
and therefore he should be highly criminal if he did not re-
spect and cordially love the connexion, and use every exer-
tion which the power of his Maker had bestowed upon him
to advance its interests. No individual could rejoice more
than himself at the glorious object before them being so likely
to be accomplished. He was delighted that the, resolution
adopted by the previous committee had been allowed by the
conference assembled in Bristol in the past year. Every-
thing that was there done met with his entire approval, and
he rejoiced exceedingly, as a Manchester man, that the first
meeting in furtherance of their projects bad been held in
that important town. As most of the persons present had,
no doubt, heard of the results of the several meetings there,
he would take leave to say that he hardly knew which most
to admire, the extent of the Christian benevolence or the
unanimity which hart been displayed. (Hear.) When they
met, they found at first that one man had one hobby, another
man had. also a hobby, and a third bad another,—various in-
dividuals had different projects. and each thought his own
the most important; but they were all actuated by and under
such delightful feelings, that all their hobbies were soon made
into one—they were all important, and it was considered that
all of them ought to be carried. They were approaching what
they termed a centenary. Nearly a hundred years had rolled
over since Joan vv estey commenters ros societies in London,
and it would have been a shame to them had they allowed
such a period to pass by without some signal notice. It was
natural, in some sort it was agreeable to the order of things,
that an important event should be marked in an important
way. If they were to consult the Old Testament, they would
find that Noah, when he came out of the ark—when the waters
had subsided, and as soon as he had placed his foot, as it
were, on terra firma—did not look for a place on which to
build a house for himself, but for a spot on which to rear an
altar to the glory of God who had preserved him, and who
had rescued his soul from death. Let them also look at
Jacob—let them look at the passing over Jordan; and they
would see that each of those important and interesting events
was marked in a 'signal way. They were probably aware
what were the objects now proposed by which they might
testify their gratitude to God and render the connexion more
important. 'These objects were chiefly monumental. First,
the committee thought that there ought to be erected a new
Theological Institution, in which a rising ministry might be
more extensively instructed. He would appeal to persons
present, did they not think this an important object ? he con-
sidered it to be a most essential object. Had it not been in
some sort a disgrace to them that so many years had been
suffered to roll over without some effectual steps having been
taken to secure an object so important to the well-being of
the body? Let them give him an enlightened, a scriptural,
a plain, a faithful, and a heart-searching ministry, and he
should have no difficulty in finding a Christian church, happy,
intelligent, and united, and, whilst walking in the Holy
Spirit, increasing in numbers. He might be met with the
questions, " Have we not had such a ministry ? Have we
not such a ministry now ? What necessity is there for alter-
ation ?" He hoped he should give no offence in speaking his
mind, whilst replying to these questions. That there was
something peculiar in the economy of Wesleyan methodism no
one acquainted with its history would dispute. God had sent
out the venerable Wesley in a peculiar way. He was a man
endowed with taste, with profound learning, and with sound
judgment; few equalled him—he was excelled by ncne—in
these requisites for the success of his mission ; but what
could be and his brother do when darkness covered the land?
Their worthy president, who was about to publish a book
which would do honour to himself and service to the world,
stated recently to him that at no time was there so much
darkness, so much infidelity in the world, as at the time the
Wesleys were sent forth. 'raking that for granted, then he
would ask, what could John and Charles Wesley and Whit-
field have done had not their missions been of a peculiar
character ? They conceived their opinion, and then called
to their assistance men who were also called of God—plain
men, but men who knew what Ch istianity was, and who,
under the influence of the Holy t, were made instru-
mental in turning darkness into ight. Many would say,
"Why could this not go on ?" He would ask, " Was not the
state of the country different to what it was at that time ?"
Some would observe, that "the schoolmaster was abroad."
Yes, but not such a schoolmaster as he wished to see—the
knowledge that prevailed was combined with a great deal of
infidelity. What would have done in former days would not
do now. God had put means into their hands, and could
they expect extraordinary assistance from Him if they would
not use those means? It was a disgrace to them as a body
that they had not a Theological institution long before the
present period. Let them have a ministry properly informed.
He did not mean that they should make their preachers
polished classic; nor profound mathematicians; but he did
say, that though they might not want these acquirements,
nor greater piety and Christian experience, they did want
some training, and they ought to have it; they ought to
have at least the rudiments of learning, and be acquainted
with the economy of the connexion. Ought the minister
not to be able to head the people over whom be was called to
preside? Ought he not to have an enlightened and culti-
vated mind, that should free him from the use of expres-
sions that might give offence to many persons in his con-
gregation ? He would put it to those present, had they not
given to their children a better education than they them-
selves possessed ? He had done so, and had endeavoured to
make them attached to his religion, by instructing them tho-
roughly in Wesleyan economy. 1f they really and sincerely
wished to keep their children in the connexion, they should
take care that the ministry were free from those little objec-
tions, and little they certainly were, which were often urged
against them. (Hear.) This was his hobby; it had long
been so; and no one rejoiced more than he did that it was
in a fair way of being accomplisheil—when £lOO,OOO should
have been raised, and he must not talk of less, or he should
be rapped on the knuckles by his friends, Messrs. Sands and
Chappell. Upwards of £44,000 had been raised in a few
days, and they had net yet touched their yeomanry, but only
their leading men, who certainly had bled most delightfully.
Though he would admit that it would take many pounds to
make up the difference, yet when he looked at the great num-
ber of congregations they had, and the extent of the con-
nexion, he did not doubt that it would be raised. He should
like to see the stone of the institution laid. Pls. Chappell:
—lnstitutions, sir, if you please.] Well, if the committee
should place one in the north, he should be thankful. It
would be an honour to them, and to the name of the man by
whom the connexion had been founded. (Hear, hear.) He
hoped that he should be spared to see it. (Hear, hear.) He
would next tell them another thing, which he wanted, and
which had not so much as been mentioned in Manchester.
Whatever they had in the interior, they must have a statue
of Wesley, to show to passers by the object for which the
money had been contributed. Then, as regarded the Mis-
sion Institution, he mentioned that they wanted better pre-
mises than they had at present, and said if Dr. Bunting were
there, he could throw some light on the subject, and prove
that they would save a great deal of money, and the business
would be better transacted, if they had more room. In rs-
ference to the proposed missionary ship to visit the Polyne-
sian islands, Mr. Wood described the great relief which the
conveyance of stores in that way would afford to the suffering
missionaries. He stated also, that the fund would enable
them to pay off a debt of £5OOO on the Kingswood schools,
and thus to liberate £lOOO per annum, which he was sorry
had ever been taken from the institution to which it belonged,
and apply it to the relief of decayed ministers, their widows,
and orphans. As regarded the Chapel Loan Fund, which
he described as Mr. Chappell's hobby, and his own as well,
he stated that at many meetings which had been held, much
distress had been represented, and they had heard of many
good men being in danger of going to prison for debts incur-
red in building chapels ; but all this would hereafter be ob-
viated. These were the grand objects which they hail in
view. He was standing in what Providence had destined
to be the most important maritime town in the world, and
was addressing men who possessed more public spirit than
any in the Queen's dominions. He was delighted that some-
sstoujotnc'
pt should
eddie
ndebfitne
some-
thing had been done for the cause in Manchester, and he
ehudda:gtonitad to see that town as much exceeded in point of
benevolence by Liverpool, as it was surpassed by Liverpool
in beauty. jelih'eeteh,yhe
ehsy,i,he,roloolutu.ioelvlkdldetes haveasu(lt)pf
is
ehtfeixi:vi ripemegrGrrehio.eeeedatn'tifsenee
experience
tirlieaetaans
tissyni(
N,tnnhiLgait„inonvgatet, of
Liverpool,
,ret
aDtheyinthnide.
it
that it would here he even much more abundant. (Applause.)
The Rev. F. A. Wissr, one of the secretaries, then came
forward, at the request of the chairman, to report progress—
this being an adjourned meeting from Manchester. He said
the great objects contemplated were, first to make a
religi-
ous and devotional improvement of the centenary, by solemn
public services in all the chapels both at home and in the va-
rious stations occupied by the foreign missions—the whole
arrangements for which would be left to the coming confer-
ence. The next was to make a general pecuniary contribu-
tion, by means both of individual and family donations and
of public collections through all our societies and, congrega-
tions at home and abroad; such contributions being intended
as a practical thank-offering to Almighty God for the per-
sonal, domestic, and public benefits derived by His blessing,
from the labours of Mr. Wesley, and of his coadjutors and
successors during the last hundred years, and from the direct
and indirect influences of the various ministrations and agen-
cies of Wesleyan methodism, nut merely on our own religi-
ous community, but on the Christian church at large, and
also on the spiritual interests of the world. The fund to be
raised on the occasion of the centenary is to be applied, in
the first place, to the erection and preparation of suitable pre-
mises for the accommodation of those students who, after sa-
tisfactory evidence obtained by the conference, as heretofore,
of their sound conversion to God, their solid piety, and their
Divine call to the Christian ministry, shall be received into
the Wesleyan Theological Institution, whether such students
be designed for home or for missionary service. In the se-
cond place, to the provision of commodious premises in Lon-
don for the use of the Wesleyan Missionary Society, adequate
to the greatly augmented and augmenting extent of its mul-
tifarious and important business. 'Use sum of-£BO,OOO is con-
sidered at the very lowest which must be raised, by the uni-
versal effort now contemplated for the centenary fund. At
Manchester it was believed that they might get a great deal
more. It was contemplated that, after- a liberal reserve for
the purposes of the Theological Institution, and for the new
mission-house, &c., as before stated, the remainder of the said
sum of £BO,OOO should be applied as follows :—First,—ln pro-
viding a Wesleyan missionary ship, for the purpose of for-
warding missionaries and missionary stores, as may, from
time to time, be found necessary and expedient, from New
South Wales and Van Dieman's Land to our mission-sta-
tions in New Zealand, in the Friendly Islands, in the Feejee
Islands, and in other Polynesian groups;--such a ship being
exceedingly wanted, both for the comfort of the missionaries
labouring in those islands, and for the general advantage and
security of the missions themselves. Secondly,—ln finally
liquidating a building-debt of £5,000 yet remaining, on the
Premises of our two connexional schools at Kingsvvood and
Woodhouse Grove;—thus liberating, for the use of the Me-
thodist Preachers' Annuity Society, a considerable sum now
annually payable for interest on that debt, and for its gradual
reduction, and restoring such sum at Once to its original and
proper use, as part of the income applicable to the support of
preachers compelled through age or infirmity to retire from
their regular labours in the ministry, and of the widows of de-
ceased ministers and pastors. Thirdly,—ln placing at the
disposal of the Chapel Loan Fund Committee a considerable
sum, sufficient to enable it to continue, without material in-

terruption, its most beneficial and important operations;
(which must be otherwise for a while wholly suspended, owing
to the entire exhaustion of its present resources ;)and thus to re-
lieve many cases of distressed trustees and over-burthened cha-
pels from the pressure of debt and difficulty ; and also to enable
that committee to accelerate by judicious arrangements the pe-
riod at which the interest, and eventually the principal, of the
loans already so usefully expended. will be fully discharged; so
that the annual income of the regular Chapel Fund may be-
come more speedily available. The desire was to make a con-
nexional and monumental institution. The cost of the erection
of the institution would be £35,000; for specialties, £15,000;
the ship to the Polynesian Islands, £3,000; to wipe off the debt
of the schools, £5,000, by which £l,OOO per annum would be re-
lieved for the Preachers Annuity Society; and there would
be wanted £20,000 for the Chapel Loan Committee. £l5OOO,
within a small sum, had already by the exertions of the Loan
Fund Committee been wiped off from the chapel debts. One
resolution was passed at Manchester, to which the Centenary
Committee were particularly desirous to give prominence;
that was relating to the principle of instalments, the first of
which, as regarded some classes of subscribers, might be
paid in the week immediately preceding the conference of
July, in the year !839; the second, in the week preceding
the conference of July, in the year 1840; and the third, is
the week immediately preceding the conference of July,lB4l.
It was also intended to apply this principle more generally
throughout the circuits, and monthly and quarterly instal-
ments could be allowed with this limitation, that they were
all to be paid within the centenary year—viz., from 1839 to
1840. The General Central Committee had published in-
structions for the circuit committees; they had been submit-
ted to the president of the conference, and had met with his
decided and emphatic approval. It Was intended also to ap-
point district associations, differing from the general use of
the term; the whole kingdom would be divided into ten dis-
tricts. The Liverpool district would include the Maccles-
field, the North Wales, the Isle of Man, and the Liverpool
districts. A number of preachers had undeitaken to go to
various places as deputations, and it was hoped that the lay-
men would give their assistance. Many of these circuits will
have large meetings, to which the deputations, perhaps, can-
not travel; but little difficulty would arise from this, as the
persons who conduct them will only have to give expression
to the ordinary topics of Methodism. it was to be hoped
that there would be no discouragement on account of the an-
ticipated smallness of the subscriptions ; in some instances a
small amount may be a very noble donation. Public collec-
tions would also be made next October. The committee
wished that the subscriptions should be perfectlyspontaneous.
The leaders were the fittest persons to make the canvass;
and the co-operation of ladies' committees was desirable. The
members of congregations who were not connected with the
society would thus have the opportunity of contributing; and
the members of other Christian denominations, who wish to
show their healthful feeling towards evangelical religion, can
subscribe through their friends or relatives who may be
Methodists. It was suggested at Manchester that, on the
25th October, there should be a general prayer meeting,
morning and evening. With reference to a plan suggested
for the regular and permanent provision for the better sup-
port of ministers when placed, through age Or infirmity, on
the superannuation list, and also for the relief of widows and
orphans of deceased preacher g. it had been determined that
an annual collection should e made; and it was supposed
that fourpence per member per annum would meet all exigen-
cies. A committee had been appointed to report at the May
meeting, and the plan would come into operation in the cen-
tenary year. Mr. West concluded by reading a list of the
contributions already received, and stated that up to the pre-
vious day they amounted to £44,522155. He subsequently
announced that there had been subscribed in the course of
the morning £1350. (Applause.)
A letter was read from Dr. Bunting to the treasurer, trans-
mitting the spontaneous and unsolicited resolutions and sub-
criptions of the students at the Theological Institution.
They had passed four resolutions in favour of the fund unani-
mously; every one had contributed something; and after
they hail subscribed £534 19s. they made up a purse of £l2
12s. The contribution of £lO 10s. from the teachers and
scholars at Ancoats Sunday School, Manchester, was also
announced, and £4 10s. from the children of the Oxford-road
Sunday School, Manchester. Mr. Chappell intimated that
if the teachers had been included they could have raised
fifty guineas—one of the teachers had already given ten gui-
neas, and there was to be a separate list for them. A great
number of contributions were announced during the morning,
chiefly from individuals and families resident in this district.
The Rev. Mr. DIXON having been called upon by the
chairman, rose and said that if be had been aware of his in-
tention to exercise such an act of kindness towards him, he
should have assuredly stayed at home, but he had been led
to hope from what had passed last night between 'him and a
gentleman whom he supposed spoke from authority, that he
should have been excused. He felt himself quite unable to
address himself to the question without great agitation; and
he could only assure the meeting that his heart was cordially
with them; and that if it were in his power be would speak
to them at some length on the interesting and important sub-
ject. He had not the pleasure of attending the Manchester
meeting; he could only pick up its cue, or catch its spirit.
He perceived, however, two points on which he might ad-
dress them—one, that of thankfulness for the past—the other,
to stimulate their exertion for the future. He should like to
expatiate on the past—both for the benefit of his own spirit
and to show the gratitude due from the meeting. He begged
permission to remark that Methodism created more than was
seen, and they had to be thankful for much that was not visi-
ble. It had pleased his friend the chairman to rejoice that a
number of happy spirits now around the throne had been
brought there by its instrumentality ; but he dared nut ven-
ture upon that topic. He presumed there were some present
who would thank God that they had departed friends in hea-
ven as the fruit of Methodism. The chairman had in-his ap-
peal commended its valuable founder. He (Mr. D.) should
like to add something if lie could. He believed that in skill,
taste, judgment, but especially in his evangelical labours,
God had given them such a head as he had given to no other
body of Christians. There was a time when he (Mr. D.) had
been young and foolish, and then he did not entertain the
same feelings towards the writings of Wesley as he did at
present; but every day that he read, every fact that he me-
ditated upon in his writings for sixty years, convinced him
that that great man was the elect of God. He used the term
in a scriptural sense when he said that it had pleased God to
place the venerable Wesley at the head of a dispensation
that was never to end—a spirit had been given to him which
was calculated to lead to the conversion and happiness of
the world. His own impression was, that Wesley's coadju-
tors had never yet in the annals of their day had justice dune
to them. It was impossible for Wesley, however he might
have heed adapted for the great work, to have completed it
without the assistance of men like himself. He believed that
those by whom he was assisted were the most extraordinary
men ever raised up of God. The historian of Methodism
would have great pleasure in narrating that they were men
of great massiveness of mind and solidity of character. The
great work that now exists on earth was produced by the in-
strumentality of those venerable men. He spoke in the ut-
most catholicity of spirit, and those who heard him were well
aware that be was no bigot, when lie said that Wesley and
his coadjutois and his followers had erected the finest, the
most practical, arid the most influential system of Chris-
tianity now existing. The meeting had something now, by
the blessing of God to commemorate. The monuments already
raised, unless we exceed a deal more than £lOO,OOO, showed
what they could do. He looked round and saw chapels erected
in the midst of poverty and affliction, and circuits com-
pleted at a sacrifice of labour, pains, and pecuniary cost,
which the meeting, unless they exerted themselves very
greatly, could not reach. Wesley and his coadjutors had
sowed the seed; it was the delightful task of their successors
to reap the harvest. He (Mr. D.) was delighted that it had
pleased God to take up, and sanctify, and bring forward the
wealth that methodism had created. It literally created
wealth. That wealth did not exist when Wesley came for-
ward. He had nothing but his Bible, the glorious truth in
' his heart, and his Christian experience ; but from that time
the wealth of methodism had been increasing, and they now
saw themselves in possession of considerable means. God
blessed those means when rightly used; and he (Mr. D.)
was glad to see friends in the possession of wealth come for-
ward to consecrate it by devoting a portiAl to God's service.
Let them get wealth : let them act oirTsliat was Wesley's
principle: " Get all you can ; keep all you can ; give all you
can." They were not indebted to the principleof Matum on ;
but the principle of charity entertained by their venerable
founder. Mr. Dixon added that he cordially approved of the
plans proposed for the centenary commemoration. He had
stood up for some time in the town in defence of atheological
institution. They had been opposed, but had weathered that
storm, and at the present time the institution, as now ap-
proved by the meeting, must be approved by every rational
man in the connexion. (Hear, hear.) He perceived, in
his intercourse with the world, that it was much easier to get
a fortune than to keep it. A great many persons had the
sense to get money, but not to use it properly when they ,had
got it. What was tree of individuals was true of congrega-
tions. The Wesleyan connexion wanted institutions; they
must now have institutions to conserve methodism, or it
would fade and come to nothing. They must consolidate a
plan on which to work methodism, and he hoped that they
would ere long, not only have a college for the preachers, but
one also for the education of the children of the connexion.
The chairman had been talking of hobbies—that, said Mr.
Dixon, is mine. (Hear.) The connexion would not do jus-
tice to themselves as a body, to religion, to each other as in-
dividuals, nor to the nation, without it. They were not to
consider themselves now as a little insignificant sect, but as
a great catholic body, and unless they framed education on
the scale of their existence, they would not meet their own
wants. (Hear, hear.) Another century he hoped would not
pass without their having what be conceived was necessary to
them—a college that should give to the talent of the con-
nexion as good an education as could be provided at Oxford
and Cambridge. (Applause.) The great world was still be-
fore them, and it struck hint that with this Theological In-
stitution was connected the great primary work never to be
lost sight of—the evangelization of that world. It entiusted
the ministry to the care of professors to be instructed in the
right discharge of duties which many of them had heretofore
to fumble out as well as they could. Two or three (lays ago,
at Sheffield, he received a letter from one of the students,
which spoke of the spirit alluded to in Dr. Bunting's letter;
and it appeared to him that God had touched the hearts of
the rich and these youths at the same time, to show that the
work had his approbation. The young man told hint that.
no fewer than fifteen had obtained the blessing of the
spiritual influence, and, like all young men, he said that
he hoped and trusted that this effusion of the spirit, by
their instrumentality would lead to the revival of religion in
London. Whether it would in London or not, be (Mr. D.)
could not say, but he believed that it would lead to the re-
vival of religion in the whole world. He was sure that he
spoke the sentiments of a great many in the assembly, when
he said he owed everything to methodism. He was of the
third generation. His grandfather had been converted by
old John Wesley; he thanked him on earth—he thanked him
in heaven ; gold and silver he had next to none—but his life
ever had been and ever should be, by God's blessing, devo-
ted to the lute rests of methodism. (Applause.)
The CHAIRMAN observed that he was glad that Mr. Dixon
had touched on the point of a college for the education of the
rising youth of the connexion. He could tell his reverend
friend and all present, that if it had not yet been accom-
plished, it was not his fault. Dr. Bunting, had he been pre-
sent, would have borne him out in saying that twenty years
ago they had a consultation for the purpose of laying down
a plan, and a sum of money was offered, at a low rate of in-
terest, for the purpose. He was quite sure that the time was
not far distant when it would be done to Mr. Dixon's heart's
content; and if they did not do it, they would not do justice
to their friends in the connexion.
A subscription of two hundred and fifty-guineas having
been announced from the family of Thomas Oliver, of Bol-
lington, near Macclesfield, that gentleman was called upon
by the chairman, and addressed a few words of encourage-
ment and gratulation to the meeting.
Mr. G. R. CHAPPELL, from Manchester, congratulated the
meeting on the introduction of the spirit that prevailed at
Manchester, acknowledged his obligations, spiritual and tem-
poral, to methodism, and said he would never give up the idea
of raising the contemplated £lOO,OOO till Mr. Wood and Mr.
Sands should say it could not be done. He spoke at some
length of the necessity of the institution, the mission houses,
the ship, the assistance to the chapel funds, the discharge of
the debt on the schools, and the permanent provision for the
superanuated preachers, their widows, and orphans.. In re-
ference to the raising of the money he requested the meeting
to take a hint from the conclusion of a paragraph in a late
Liverpool paper, in noticing their proceedings, and to
Laugh at impossibilities
And say—it shall be done.
The Rev. Mr. MA RSDEN spoke of his personal acquaint-
ance with, and attachment to, the Rev. John Wesley, and of
the Divine influence on his heart, produced on hearing the
funeral sermon preached by the Rev. Mr. Benson, appointed
to that duty by conference. He contrasted the state of me-
thodism in the north in 1795, with its appearance at the pre-
sent period. Mr. Richard Barlow, of Manchester, and a few
others, had thought it advisable to have a meeting of stewards
of circuits, in the county round, at Bucklow-hill. lie took
the whole amount of the Manchester subscription, which was

...
At half-past two o'clock, immediately on the termination
of the foregoing proceedings, upwards of a hundred and
twenty of the ministers and laymen of the connexion, sat
down to an excellent dinner at the Adelphi Hotel. The de-
molition of the viands having been completed, thanksgiving
was returned by the Rev. Mr. Anderson, the cloth was drawn,
and a sumptuous dessert was placed upon the table.
THOMAS SANDS, Esq., was in the chair, and near him and
about the tables we noticed the following laymen of influence :
—Messrs. James Wood, G. R. Chappell, Thos. Percival
Bunting, John Fenneley, John Westhead, J. D. Barton,
Robert Hinson, A. Bealev, and John Chubb, of Manchester;
Mr. T. G. C. Gibson, of Newcastle-upon-Tyne; Mr. Thos.
Bowes, of Chester • Mr. Thomas Oliver and Mr. Brook, of
Bollington, near glacclesfield ; !Sir. Fishwick, of Scruton ;
Mr. A. G. Suter, of Halifax; and Messrs. Ashton, Wade,
Spence, Dean, Sinclair, P. Bancroft, Banning, Pennell,
Churchill, Grindrod, Frost,l-Tuley, Bond, Leigh, and Cotner,
of Liverpool.
The CHAIRMAN, in rising, was much applauded. He said
he was not much in the habit of proposing toasts, either at
his own table or that of others, but he thought that if there
was an occasion when he might deviate from his usual practice
this was one. The toast which he had to propose he was quite
sure would be drunk with very sincere pleasure, or, he should
say with delight. It could not, indeed, be otherwise. It
would be an insult to suppose that all present were not loyal
—(applause)—that they were not all good men and true.
(Applause.) With such an atmosphere as they—the mem-
bers of the Westleyan Society—breathed, any other than a
loyal man could not exist in the connexion. (Applause.)
By this time they would have discovered his toast, and he
would therefore give them—
" The Queen—God bless her!" (Great applause.)
The CH AIRMAN, with a preparatory eulogiuui, next gave—
" The President, and the Conference." (Applause )
The Rev. G. NIA RSDEN replied, and bore testimon3 to the
zeal, the ability, and the sound methodist principle of the
Rev. Thomas Jackson whilst he conducted the connextonal
Magazine. and expressed his conviction that now he had
been elected to the presidency of the conference he would
continue to be worthy of the honour they had done him.—
(Applause.)
The CHAIRMAN, after a suitable preface, gave
" Dr. Bunting and the Theological Institution." (Great
applause.)
Mr. 'l'. P. BUNTING responded in a very neat address.
The CHAIRMAN again addressed the company and proposed
"The Rev. Mr. ANDERSON, and continued prosperity to
the Centenary Celebration Funds." (Much applause.)
The Rev. Mr. ANDERSON responded in a speech of great
eloquence.
Mr. 'l'. P. BUNTING wished to propose a toast. They were
all much obliged to Mr. Sands for the munificent contribution
to the funds, and for the noble and edifying example which
he had set the people of Liverpool in his conduct this day.
After eulogizing the Chairman for the delicate yet decided
manner in which he had given his asssistance, he gave
"The healthof Mr. Sands, our chairman." (Applause.)
The fiev. Robert Newton, whose absence had been much
deplored by some of the speakers, but who was nevertheless
confidently expected here entered the room about five o'c lock,
and was enthusiastically received.
Mr. SANDS briefly, but appropriately, returned thanks for
the compliment paid to him by the company, in drinking his
health with such marks of rare esteem. He concluded by
suggesting
" The health of the Treasurer to the Centenary Fund,
James Wood, Esq., with his family." (Great applause.)
Mr. Wood acknowledged the toast in an efocinent and power-
ful speech, and proposed
"The health of the Secretary to the Conference—the Rev.
Robert Newton." (Much applause.)
The Rev. R. NEWTON returned thanks in a very feeling
manner, and was greatly applauded.
Mr. T. P. BUNTING then proposed, with many compli-
mentary allusions.
" The Ladies of Liverpool." (Applause.)
Mr. BRAKE suggested that, before separating, they should
drink _ _ _ .

" Thanks to our Liverpool friends for their kind hospi-
tality." (Applause.)
The company separated at six o'clock to attend the evening
meeting at Brunswick Chapel, having passed the afternoon
most delightfully.

, EVENING MEETING AT BRUNSWICK CHAPEL.
Another meeting took place at the Brunswick Chapel on
Wednesday night, at half•past six o'clock. Mr. JAMES, of
Manchester, presided on this occasion.
The proceedings were commenced by singing a hymn, after
which a chapter from the Old Testament was read, and one
of the clergymen offered up a prayer.
The Rev ROBERT NEWTON was then called upon by the
chairman. He said that he had not had the slightest int►ma-

tion that he should have been called upon to address the as
sembly, and much less that he should have been the first
Any remarks, therefore, that he should offer must be cum
pletely unmeditated. In a cause, however, in which their
common Christianity was concerned, he did not feel itneces-
sary that he should offer any apology ; and, indeed, wherever
that form of Christianity generally known by the name of
Wesleyan methodism was known, it would be felt that apolo-
gies were out of place. lie could not heat the sound of his
voice in that place without the law of association coming into
operation, and reminding him of many years gone by, and
of many things which had therein occurred. Twenty years
had elapsed since be had had the privilege of bearing his tes-
timony to their Divine and common Master beneath that roof.
Many individuals have passed away since then, and he could
not look round him without seeing many places empty which
had once been occupied by familiar and beloved persons. Yet
their children were now occupying the places of the parents
who had departed from amongst them, and he could nut but
rejoice to see the children treading hi the steps of parents
who had walked in the right course. The speaker then re-
ferred to Wesley, whose character he highly eulogised, and
then went on to say that not only the followers of that great
and pious man. but the members of many other sects, and
many who called themselves members of no sect whatever,
admired his character and that of the great body of Wesleyans,
and in general approved of what they were doing. He him-
self heard these expressions of approval and admiration very
frequently, as he went travelling about, for there were very
few places in her majesty's dominions in which there was
not some one who knew ban. He was in the habit, he said,
of hearing many things said admiringly of their conduct
with respect to the centenary; and very often, too, these
things were said by persons who little imagined that a Wes-
leyan minister was within hearing. He thought that it would
be very ungracious, indeed, if they allowed this centenary to
pass unobserved. What had Wesleyanisin done for them ?
Ah ! what had it not done? They were wantlerj,ng from the
truth, and straying like lost sheep. But, while thus straying
about front the right path, Wesleyanistn came and led them
to discover their guilt and their danger, and they sighed from
the bottom of their hearts, like the poor publican, "God be
merciful to me a sinner." He recollected that when he re-
sided at his father's house, many persons used to come there,
and the conclusions of the addresses which they delivered
used invariably to be, "Up and be doing." Could they for-
get the rock whence they were hewn, or the hole whence they
were drawn ? For his own part, he could not; and he should
say, in the language of a gentleman who had addressed them on
a previous occasion, "No ; sooner than do so, let my right hand
forget its cunning." Every day of every year that he lived he
felt more deeply, and the impression became more vivid, of
what he owed to Wesleyan methodism. They were resolved,
be said, to try to celebrate the centenary of methodists in a
proper way. Methodism was pre-eminently the work of God,
and he hoped that it would always be looked upon in that light.
The question remained, seeing that they were determined to
celebrate the centenary, how they were to do it. Well, in
the first place, they were resolved to have something monu-
mental, and at the same time useful. He did not refer to a
mere statue, or something of that kind, though he should
certainly be extremely delighted to see a statue of their great
founder raised,.that generations vet to come, gazing upon it,
might bless the name of that extraordinary man. The first
thing they had resolved upon was to have a theological insti-
tution; and respecting this he had been told an odd sort of
thing the other day.. •‘ Don't you know," said an individual
to him, "that if you found this theological institution, all
your young men will be brought up in such a manner that
you will be thrown into the shade ?" Now, he should be
ashamed of himself as a minister, if he had not a sincere de-
sire that he himself and his contemporaries might be thrown
into the shade by the rising generation of Wesleyan ministers.
He hoped that the institution would so prepare the young
men as to enable them to go on in a manner which they bad
never yet been enabled to do. And why in a manner which
they had never yet been able to do? Because they had not
had the advantages which it was their object to confer upon
the young men. Envy them, indeed! Why the old minis-
ters should feel envy of those that were to succeed or to co-
operate with them, was yet to be found out by him. He saw
not the slightest cause for envious or jealous feelings, and
God forbid that he or any other should entertain such im-
proper thoughts or feelings. The elder brethren should
rejoice and thank God that he is raising up men who will do
his work better than their predecessors have done; and thus,
when going down the vale of years, they will have the re-
flection that methodism will live when they are dead—that it
will uphold its doctrines pure and unimpaired, maintain its
spirit and discipline, and live while the sun and moon con-
tinue to shine. Those who knew the affairs of the associa-
tion best would say that the institution was decidedly neces-
sary—that it was pressingly, urgently, called for. He could
also tell them another thing, that, much as the idea was
boggled at in the first instance, it now seemed very likely
that not some young men, but that all the young men who
present themselves before the association for trial, should
pass through the college for training. He could tell them
another thing too, and one that would surprise nobody. He
knew an instance in which a young man came from that in-
stitution, and when some of the persons in the district to
which he was sent became acquainted with the fact, there
were many searchings of hearts, and some talked of shutting
their doors against the man. But he had not gone two
rounds of the circuit, when they began to return thanks to God
for having sent the young minister among them, and they
prayed to God that he would bless the institution, and not
only that. but he would send many of the old men there,—
(laughter,)—such, perhaps as his friend Mr. Marsden, along-
. side of him, or his brother Mr. Slug. (Laughter, and a re-
mark of "He is no slug at any rate." No; he did not
mean that any such idea should be conveyed; neither had
he intended to pun upon the name. As to the second object
which they proposed to carry into effect, he said that all who
were acquainted with the missionary concerns of the associ-
ation were aware that a larger place had become necessary
for the transaction of the business. A few days ago he had
been in the committee room, and had never been so over-
whelmed with astonishment as when he beheld the wonder-
ful extent, the mightiness of their missionary labours, and the
extraordinary magnitude of the work that was there carried
on. It therefore, as he had stated, had become necessary
that they should have larger places. And he thought that
both of these erections—the missionary premises and the theo-
logical institution—should he monumental works. He hoped
also that something would be done towards supplying; the
want which is now experienced of Christian missionaries—
there were at least fifty inure wanted. Mr. Archibald, that
excellent man, who had spent twenty years in Africa as a
missionary, and who, besides a number of other works, had
rendered the four evangelists into the language of the natives
amongst whom he had so long been located, had returned,
on domestic business, to England, bringing with him his wife
and some of his children, the remainder or his family having
been left in Africa. Though Mr. Archibald had come to
England, he had no thought, however, of remaining here.
" Africa," said he, " is my country." When he went there,
he found the inhabitants were poor, wretched savages, and
now, through his labours, many had been humanised, civi-
lised, and Christianised; and Mr. Archibald had pledged
himself that he would do his utmost to take out with him,
when he returned, live additional missionaries. Now, this

one addition was proposed for that section only; and if the
wants in every other part were to be supplied, there must be
more doing, more liberality, or the wants must remain un-
supplied. As much, he thought, ought now to be endea-
voured to be accomplished for the proposed objects as possi-
ble, while the general objects of the association were not ne-
glected. The speaker then went on to observe that the third
specific object which was in contemplation was to have a
small vessel of their own for missionary purposes. The ves-
sel might, perhaps, be from 100 to 120 tons burthen.
Many persons were of opinion that it would have been
a great saving to their funds if they had had such a ves-
sel many years ago; at all events it was absolutely cer-
tain that it would be the means of increasing additional
expense, and the convenience and comfort of the mission-
aries in far distant parts would undoubtedly be greatly in-
creased by it. The subject, however, was left to the manage-
ment of men more acquainted with nautical affairs than him-
self, and he had no doubt that a suitable vessel would be pro-
vided, and that great benefits would result from it. The
next, and a very important point also, was the proposed
schools. And when upon this subject, he would ask who
could mention or reflect upon the Kingswood School with-
out deep emotion ? That school had been reared by the
venerable Wesley himself, and it had been a favourite with
him to the latest hour of his life. That school might be con-
sidered as belonging to the whole connexion. There the
boys of many of their ministers had been educated, and they
needed net to go out of their own chapel to find young men
who had been educated there—who had turned out men of gifts
and piety, and who would be owned and appreciated any
where. He was glad, too, to find that they were deter-
mined to put what he might call the centenary extinguisher
on the whole debt, under which they had laboured for some
time ; and by so doing a larger amount would then be left
for other purposes in future years. There was another thing
on which he might also remark. It was not to the honour
of the body of Wesleyans that many of their aid set,
vants had been left in poverty and want after the days
of their energy, though not of their usefulness, had
passed; for, though old, many were still ready to stop
a gap upon an occasion of necessity. And then the widows
of ministers had also been too much overlooked; but he re-
joiced that it was now in the heart of the members of the as-
sociation generally to supply the wants of the two classes
to which he had alluded. The subject had not been mooted
by the ministers themselves; for, however desirable it might
have been thought by them, they had too much delicacy ever
to _have originated any proposition themselves; but it had
come from the people in their connexion, and he was happy
to see that the widow and the aged minister were now to be
more comfortably provided for in future. The extinguishing
of the debt 'on the chapels would allow them to devote a
larger sum to the objects he had mentioned, and the heart
of the widow would no doubt be gladdened at the prospect.
He thought it was a very desirable thing that the various
trustees should be relieved from the debts which pressed upon
the chapels, and that the work of God might go on without
let or hindrance. He sincerely hoped that a large sum would
be forthcoming to relieve their heavily burthened and em-
barrassed chapels, for the grievances and the hindrances
which were caused by an ever-pressing debt were very nu-
merous, and must be known to many persons. That they
would now be effectually relieved, he trusted, and then the
Christian work of Wesleyan methodism would go on extend-
ing wider and wider still. Let them not forget what the
blessed Saviour bad pronounced respecting the widow who
had thrown into the treasury, not her one mite, but her two
mites. The Almighty Being, who knew the hearts of all,
had pronounced that she was the greatest giver. Many rich
had given, but they had given from their abundance, whereas
the poor woman gave her two mites only, but they were all
she had. He hoped that those who had a desire to contribute
on this occasion, would not be discouraged on account of the
large sums which had been given by many individuals; but
recollect that if they contributed, like the widow, in propor-
tion to their capability, their offerings would be equally as
acceptable, and show the same spirit of benevolence—the
same wish to do good.
Mr. SANDS then stated, for the information of those who
might wish to contribute, that be had been appointed the
local treasurer. He said, that'it was unnecessary for him to
state that he entirely approved of the proceedings which had
taken place, so far, both in Liverpool and Manchester.
Several gentlemen who had made contributions then briefly
addressed the meeting.
Mr. CALLOW sr, who subscribed £lOO, entered into a short
statement of the benefits which he had experienced from
Wesleyan methodism, and hoped that the association would
go on prospering.
Mr. Wet, WILKINSON said, that he had been twenty years
a Wesleyan methodist; he had never been any thing else,
and he hoped that he should live and die among them. He
also hoped that the good work might go on and prosper.
None of them could say that they had more occasion for the
mite than he had. He had eleven children; yet the Lord
had given the power to make the offering which he had sent
in, and what he had given he gave freely.
Mr. THOMPSON said that all he possessed he owed to Wes-
leyan methodism. He had a father in heaven, a wife in
heaven, and children in heaven, and he owed all to God. It
was his ardent desire to devote the remainder of his days to
God. He could say, with the psalmist, " Create me a new
heart, 0 God, and put a right spirit within me."
The Rev. Mr. DixoN said that the sum which they had
originally calculated on obtaining was £BO,OOO at the utmost;
but he now thought that they might raise from £lOO,OOO
to £120,000, if they went on as they had begun. The rev.
gentleman then went on to say that he would throw out a
hint or two which they might turn over in their minds.
He had been to Ireland, for the first time in his life, during
the last summer, and while there he had received infor-
mation which he had not previously received, and impres-
sions that never would, never could, and never should, be
obliterated from his memory. His impression was that they
did not adequately sympathize with their Wesleyan brethren
in Ireland. If any class of men stood in need of their assist-
ance or support, it was their Christian brethren in Ireland;
for there was not a body of ministers under heaven that were
subjected to severer hardships and privations than the
Wesleyan ministers in Ireland. The parishes there were
divided into three classes, one of which was called the travel-
ling circle. The ministers left their home, if they had one,
on Monday morning, and they spent every day in the week
in the midst of the huts and poverty of the lush peasantry.
He met one young man in the north of.lreland who was
evidently a gentleman, as was indicated by his information,
his manner, and carriage, and he was moreover a good and
excellent preacher. He informed the rev. speaker that
though he was a reader, as might have been expected, he had
not had time to read a single volume. (Hear, hear.) He
spent his time in going about from cabin to cabin, lodging at
night in the midst of the family, and necessarily, as all ac-
quainted with the state of the Irish peasantry knew, in the
midst of pigs and cattle, in a broken and shattered hovel.
The inhabitants, in consequence of their poverty, were un-
able to build either schools or chapels. In fact, whenever
they managed to obtain a little money, the most of them
emigrated, and the consequence sometimes was that the so-
ciety was broken up. They ought to endeavour to bring into
exercise a new and moral feeling with respect to Ireland.
When they wanted to deal with slavery, what did they do?
They created a moral influence which abolished it. Now,
What he wanted them to do was, to create a mural feeling on
the occasion, equivalent to the removal of the evils which he
had spoken of as existing in Irelasid. '!'heir little societies
there existed at the side of popery—that is, the little kid
dwelt in the presence of a lion ready to stretch out his paw to
crush it. There was amongst them a fear which very much,
paralysed them. Ile therefore desired that the English me-
thodists should support the Irish—that some means should be
adopted by which the latter might be taught to feel that they
had to retire back upon the whole of English methodism.
He thought that it would not be amiss if they turned this sub-
ject over in their minds. He should most certainly like to
see some practical proof of their sympathy with their Irish
brethren given on this present centenary occasion. Ile did
not mean to point out any way in which pecuniary help
might be distributed ; but he thought that a very excellent
plan would be to establish schools in the sister island, which
shOuld have creditable teachers, who might teach the chil-
dren protestanism—that is, the Bible, the whole Bible, and
nothing but the Bible. The schools might also be made
preaching places as well, and then they would have perma-
nent places in which their ministers might preach the word of
God, whereas now the places were being changed continually,
from, as he had stated, the fact of the persons who had lent
them their habitations emigrating. The grandest contest
which was to take place between truth and falsehood was to
take place in Ireland. He did not speak as a politician, but as
a Christian minister; and his impression was that that coun-
try presented to them a platform for operation which it pre-
sented to no other body. He might mention that he had
been urged to,this statement by some ladies to whom he had
been speaking upon the subject, and lie had their authority
to say that if something was done for Ireland, they would,
although they had already contributed, make an addition to
their subscriptions. If they would give hint a roving com-
mission, he might, he thought, safely pledge himself to col-
lect as touch auditional money as he proposed to give to Ire-
land. The rev. gentleman then referred to other persons
who had been visiting that country, and stated that they had,
like him, come back with a deep impression of the ability
and goodness of the Irish character. Ile hoped that the hints
which he had thrown out would not be lost sight of, for the
population of the sister isle needed scriptural instruction as
much as any part of the habitable globe. If they entertained
his humble petition, he should return them his most hearty
thanks.
The Rev. Mr. BUNTING said that he could corroborate
most fully what the last speaker had said respecting the cha-
racter of the Irish people. He considered them the most
noble race of men and ministers on the face of God's earth.
He then went on to enumerate what (he association already
did for Ireland, what it was their intention to do, and con-
cluded by saying that it was intended that that country should
have an equal benefit with themselves in all their arrange-
ments. lie thought that the interests of the Irish had not
been neglected, and he hoped that Mr. Dixon would see that
there did exist in England a sympathy with the condition of
their Wesleyan brethren in Ireland.
Mr. WA DE said that he had respected, and had had cause
to respect and venerate Methodism for nearly fifty years:
he had sat under a Wesleyan ministry for the last forty-five
years: He owed much to the providence of God ; —he did
not say to Methodism, though he might owe smethiug to that.
He loved and admired his own brethren; but he was ready
to give the right hand of fellowship to all classes and sects.
The Rev. ROBERT Woon, from Huddersfield, then ad-
dressed the audience. He entered at some length into the
history of his personal obligations to Methodism—obligations
which, be might say, commenced fifteen years before his
birth, because at that period it pleased God to call to that
belief both of his parents. That was before they were mar-
ried; but after their union they lived together for upwards
of 56 years; and he thought he might take upon himself to
say that, in all things, they were entitled to be called a peer-
less pair. Parents like his, of courses gave hitn a religious
education; but still he must say that ha lived for many years
without a knowledge of God. Anti here he might mention
a circumstance to which he must attribute the attachment
which he first formed for this town. His father preached a
sermon in this town, which first had the effect of convincing
him that he had been living in a state of wickedness, and
without rendering unto God that service of heart which be-
longed to him. But notwithstanding the impression upon
him of this conviction, he had yet to tie farther indebted
to the same excellent father and minister ; for in another
sermon which he preached shortly after, and in the same
town of Liverpool, he (the reverend speaker) was taught to
know and feel what Christ truly was. 'L'he attachment
which he then conceived for this town was afterwards
still further increased when, in IS2O, he became himself
a minister of the gospel, and was appointed :o this district.
The reverend gentleman, after a few other remarks, went
on to say that he rejoiced exceedingly at the proposed public
acknowledgment of what God bad done for them : he alluded
to the proposed celebration in the next year of the centenary
of methodism. Ile himself should prefer a jubilee to the
centenary, not only on account of the associations which were
connected with the former, but for various other reasons.
By adopting the jubilee, a person might then hope to witness
two in the course of his life, but no one could expect to see
two centenaries. Besides, if there had been a jubilee fifty
years ago, some of the deficiencies under which they were
now labouring, and some of the incumbrances which were
pressing heavily upon them, might not have ne-errin-operarron.
The fact was, that they had now to pay for two jubilees instead
of one. It had been at first thought that they. could raise
about £50,000, and then the probable sum was increased to
£BO.OOO. The latter, however, which was then the maximum,
he now looked upon as beneath the minimum, which might
be fixed at £150,000, and he did nut think it at all improbable
that £200,000 could be raised by the munifi:ence of the great
body of methodists. When £50,000 was spoken of, it was
proposed that £lO,OOO should be appropriated to chapel pur-
poses and when £BO,OOO, he was rejoiced to hear that
£20,000 was proposed to be laid aside for that purpose. Now,
however, that it seemed probable that double the maximum
sum then spoken of would be contributed, a question might
arise as to how the surplus should be disposed of. The sur-
plus, if such there should prove to be, was, he believed, to be
disposed of by a committee, and he hoped that a larger sum

FOR THE BENEFIT OF MR. HENRY BETTY,
Son of William Henry West Betty, Esq., celebrated as the
young Roscius, and the last Night of his Engagement.
/THIS present FRIDAY, November 22d, will be revived
1 the Tragedy of the
EARL OF WARWICK.
Earl of Warwick Mr. Henry Betty
King Edward ....(on this occasion)....Mr. Stuart
Earlof Suffolk Mr. Gray
Margaret of Aujou Miss Cleaver
Lady Elizabeth Gray.... Miss Faucit.
To conclude with the;,brama of
THE EX LE.
Daran .Mr. Stuart
Baron Altradorff ...Mr. W. Howard
Count Ulrick Mr. Gray
Servitz Mr. Baker
Alexina Miss Faucit
Sedon a Miss Cleaver.
The Public is respectfully informed that the celebrated
DISTIN I AM ILY are engaged for the last Five Nights of
the Season, previous to the commencement of the Benefits,
and will make their appearance here on MONDAY Next,
November 26th, and perform with their BRASS BAND
several of their most Popular Pieces.
To give Variety to the Entertainments, an arrangement
has been made for Five Nights, with the popular Vocalist,
MISS FANNY RUSSELL,
From the Nobility's Concerts, Bath, who will make her first
appearance on the above Evening.
On MONDAY next, November 26, the performances will
commence with Mr. Knowles' popular Tragedy of VIR-
GIN lUS. Viginius, Mr. Stuart; Icilius, Mr. W. Howard;
Dentatus, Mr. Baker; Appius Claudius, Mr. Gray; Vir-
ginia, Miss Faucit; Servia, Miss Cleaver. After ,11 Well, a
CONCERT, of Vocal and Instrumental Music, in which the
DISTIN FAMILY will perform, and Miss F. Russell,
Miss Land, and Miss Grant, will sing several favourite Airs.
To conclude with the Farce of RENDEZVOUS,
