BURNING OF THE JOHN BULL.

The following particulars of this calamitous event are from
the Montreal Gazette :

" Mr. Thomas, the purser, was the first to discover the
fatal event. He was in bed in his berth, near the foot of the
main stairs, leading from the lower to the flush deck, and
was awakened by the crackling noise of fire on the same side
of the boat, being the larboard. Upon going upon deck,
Mr. Thomas discovered, to his horror, that almost the whole
of the boat amidships was in one blaze of fire, and that the
flames were making such rapid progress to the stern, that it
would be difficult to rouse the passengers from sleep, and get
them on the main deck in time to save them. He imme-
diately gave the alarm to the captain, and, by throwing bil-
lets of wood through the skylights of the gentlemen's cabin,
called the attention of those below to their dangerous situa-
tion.

" From both cabins the passengers immediately began to
issue in their night dresses, and without being able to carry
any of their luggage or property with them. Owing to the
stiffing smoke and heat, all the passengers did not succeed in
making their way to the upper deck, and were compelled to
escape by the windows in the stern of the boat. Immedi-
ately upon discovering that the boat was on fire Captain
Vaughan, whose conduct throughout was beyond all praise,
ordered her to be steered towards the shore, where she
grounded at the bow in about eight feet water, but with her
stern afloat. • The great object now was to save the passen-
gers, for which the boats of the John Bull, and the vessels
which she had in tow, were immediately employed, the masters
and crews of those vessels working them with zeal and ac-
tivity, and otherwise giving every possible assistance in sa-
ving the passengers from the burning boat. By this means
many of the passengers were got ashore ; but we lament to
state that it is supposed about 20 of them have been lost,
either by falling a prey to the flames, or by throwing them-
selves into the river to escape so dreadful a death. Among
the latter was a Miss Rose, of Quebec, who, it is said, was
there conveyed by a brother ; but no one on board was ac-
quainted with her, or knows to what family she belongs.
" Many were the narrow and hairbreadth escapes which
were made by a number of the passengers ; and much valu-
able property has been lost, the amount of which it is as yet
impossible to ascertain. The second engineer of the John
Bull, a fire-man, and one of the crew, are missing, and are
supposed to have been either drowned or burnt to death.
These three individuals were on duty when the fatal accident
happened, and were the only persons on board who could
give any information as to the manner in which the fire origi-
nated. Both the engines of the John Bull continued in full
operation until a short time before they fell overboard, in
consequence of the hull being burnt to the water's edge. The
remaining portion of the boat then rose about two feet out of
the water, when she a second time burnt to the water's edge.
" Immediately after the dreadful event had occurred the
purser came to town with the intelligence, when Mr. Molson
despatched the Canada for the purpose of bringing up the
passengers of the John Bull, and affording them such other
relief as they may have stood in need of. We have been un-
able to obtain a list of the John Bull's passengers, but the
following were among those on board :—Mr. Geo. Rhynas
and Mr. Robertson Macintosh, of Montreal ; Mr. Thomas,
of Nepean, Upper Canada ; Capt. Fraser, of Quebec ; Mr.
James Dickson, of Three Rivers; and Mrs. W. M'Cord,
formerly of Quebec. These have all since arrived here by
land, or by Canada steamer, this monailig. The body of
Miss Rose was also brought to town.
" It is more in sorrow than in an anger that we are com-
pelled to state that the conduct of the Canadian habitans to
the unfortunate passengers on board the John Bull, was of
a description which reflects the utmost disgrace upon their
ancient character of good feeling, humanity, and hospitality.
They could not be prevailed upon to lend the smallest aid,
unless assured of payment to an amount beyond all reason-
able compensation ; and when they did launch their canoes
it was, evidently, more for the purpose of plunder than with
the view of saving life and property.
" As an instance of their misconduct, one gentleman, who
was clinging to the stern of the John Bull, cried to some ha-
bitans in a canoe for assistance ; but they cruelly refused to
comply with his request, unless he would promise to give
them ten dollars. Another of the passengers asked for a
glass of water, but was harshly told there was plenty in the
river. And, shocking to state, it is said that such was their
avidity for plunder that the ear-rings of Miss Rose were torn
away. A considerable quantity of baggage, and articles which
floated from the wreck, were found secreted in the neigh-
bouring houses; and every request for a re-delivery of them
proved fruitless, undi repeated by a body of two or three of
the passengers at once. Much property of value remains
concealed in the possession of the country people ; and we
are truly happy to learn that a body of police has been des-
patched from town to the spot, in order to protect all that
can be saved from the wreck of the unfortunate John Bull."

UPPER CANADA.
(From the Canada paper:)
We understand that the Government intend erecting at
Laprairie, without delay, large barracks capable of accom-
modating about 3,000 men. The building will be of brick,
and is to be defended by four strong towers of stone. Most
of the brick will require to be imported from the States, as
the brickfields here could not supply the requisite quantity in
time.

The body of Miss Rose, whose melancholy death we men-
tioned in our narrative of the destruction of the John Bull
steamer, has been recognised by her brother, who arrived
here yesterday morning in the Charlevoix, from Quebec. The
body was disinterred yesterday from the grave in which it
was deposited on Tuesday last, in the new burying ground,
and turned out to be as was surmised, the daughter of the
late Deputy Assistant Commissary-General William Rose.
The unfortunate young lady was on her way to Coteau du
Lac, on a visit to her sister, the wife of Dr. Revans, when
she met with her untimely death.
The stables of the Queen's Light Dragoons, which were
situated near the line 45, Opposite Rouses' Point, were
burned down on Thursday night. The horses were all saved,
but with considerable difficulty.

LOWER CANADA.
(From the Quebec Mercury of Tuesday.)
A circular letter from Colonel Young, Deputy Adjutant-
General of militia, and now in charge of that department,
has been addressed to the officers commanding battalions in
this province. The object is to effect such a reorganization
of the militia as shall render such portion of this force as it
may be judged prudent to intrust with arms more efficient
than it has hitherto been.

We regret to say that there is very little doubt that more
individuals were lost in the John Bull than the number which
we stated yesterday. It has been ascertained that at least
16 are missing, eight of whom were emigrants. We have
also heard that one woman has lost six children ' • she had
nine on board with her, and three only escaped. The con-
fusion among the passengers was such, that as soon as a boat
could reach the steamer, the rush was so great that, many
fell in the river. One woman caught hold of a rope tied
round the neck of a Newfoundland dog, who in this instance,
as in many others, behaved gallantly, and towed her ashore.
The fire having originated in one of the engine-rooms, it was
impossible to stop the wheel, which kept going a considerable
time after the boat was aground ; one boat with several per-
sons on board was drawn under the wheel, and every one
perished. Very few of the cabin passengers saved their bag-
gage, and several have suffered considerably. No blame can
be attached to any of the survivors ; the individual to whom
the blame might be attached was never seen, and it is con-
jectured that he perished in the flames. The captain and
purser were the last to leave the boat, and we regret to say
they have lost all they had on board.—.Montrea! Herald.
Beausoleil, one of those marauders who have been harass-
ing and plundering the frontier population, and burning
down their houses, was brought into town yesterday, a pri-
soner. The circumstances of his capture we have not learned.
He was taken within Colonel Taylor's command, and we are
glad to hear that there is every probability of his being iden-
tified as the head of the party who lately robbed the house
of Bourassa, a Canadian, residing near l'Acadie. It is re-
ported that several others have also been captured.—Mont-
real, June 13, Morning Courier.

We understand the East India mails go from Dover on
Sunday next for the first time.—Dover Chronicle.
EFFECTS OF BRITISH RULE IN BURMAII.—In the Tenas-
serim provinces, various improvements are perceptible. Coin
is getting introduced, instead of masses of lead and silver ;
manufactures are improving ; implements of improved con-
struction are used ; justice is better administered ; life is se-
cure ; property is sacred ; religion is free ; taxes, though
heavy, are more equitably imposed ; and courts of justice are
pure, generally. Formerly, men were deterred from gather-
ing round them comforts superior to their neighbours, or
building better houses, for fear of exactions. Now, being
secure in their earnings, the newly-built-houses are much
improved in size, materials, and workmanship. There are
none of those traps and trammels which embarrass courts in
England and America. The presiding officer in each pro-
vince, Amherst, Tavoy, and Mergui, sits as magistrate on
certain days every week ; and before him every citizen, male
or female, without the intervention of lawyers, may plead his
cause, and have immediate redress. Everywhere, in British
Burmah, the people praise English justice ; but they are not
yet reconciled to regular taxation. Though the Burman go-
vernment, or its oppressive agents, took from them more
than they pay now, yet it was occasional ; consisted chiefly in
labour, and they were not under the necessity of saving any-
thing against a certain day—a matter to which they have
been altwther unaccustomed.—Makohn's Travekin South-
eastern 4m.

MISCELLANEOUS.

The Earl of Derby is now in the enjoyment of the best of
health, and all the effects of his recent illness have passed
away, with the exception of a slight lameness.

EXTRAORDINARY CABBAGE.—A few days ago, John J.
Cotton, of St. Columb Minor, cut a cabbage which/weighed
101bs. after the outside leaves were taken off.—Falmouth
Express.

EXECUTION OP MARCHA.NT.—On Monday morning, at 8
o'clock, William John Marchant, a youth aged 18 years and
five months, underwent the last sentence of the law, in the
front of Newgate, for the wilful murder of his fellow servant
at Chelsea.

Our Sugar Market continues extremely quiet, and the
transactions of the week have been almost too trivial to en-
able us to quote prices with any accuracy. In the few sales
that have been effected a reduction of about, is per cent. has
been submitted to by the importers. Rums continue in brisk
demand, and we have still more buyers than sellers, even at
the present high rates.—Bristol Journal.

CRIEFF.—CURIOUS CASE.—There is at present in the
possession of Nr. R. Davidson, in this town, a cat, which is
suckling a field rabbit along with one of her own kittens, and
apparently cherishes as much affection to the one as to the
other, although the " alien in blood " evidently gives her
much trouble with its gambols. She often has to bring it
back to its place of confinement, and looks rather queerish
when she sees it eat grass and other herbs, a system not ex-
actly in accordance with her own way of feeding.—Perth
Chronicle.

CURIOUS DETECTION OF A ROBBER.-At the Stockport
petty sessions, on Saturday week, two men named Partington
and Hurst were charged with a burglary in the house of Mr.
Rostron Lingard, of Stockport. The principal piece of evi-
dence against Hurst, who is a soldier on furlough, consisted
of the mark of his teeth in a pot of butter I—He happened to
have a broken tooth of very peculiar form, and having whilst
plundering the house indulged himself with a mouthful of
butter, he had left the shape of his teeth so distinctly imprint-
ed upon the remainder, as to leave not any doubt about his
guilt.

SINGULAR AND FATAL ACCIDENT AT THE LOUISVILLE
THEATRE.—During the play of the " French Spy," on Sa-
turday evening, says the Louisville Journal of the 10th inst.
it fell to Mr. James Lowe, in the performance of his part,
to fire a pistol at Celeste and then run from the stage, at the
same time drawing a bayonet from his belt. As he drew the
bayonet from his belt, he looked back over his shoulder at
Celeste, and at that moment, the large end of the bayonet
struck against some object on the side of the stage, and the
point was drixed several inches into his body. Medical aid
was instantly procured, but he survived only aboutfive min-
utes after.

GROUSE.—Our sporting friends will be happy to hear that
the prospects of the ensuing grouse season are very flattering
upon the generality of the Perthshire moors. The report of
the gamekeepers at the principal shooting-lodges is that the
favourable weather at the most critical part of the hatching,
season, in the early part of June, had caused fewer casualties
than had been experienced for many years ; and the. conveys
were both 'numerous, and already as strong on the wing as
has been seen on the 12th of August: This forward state of
the young birds will likely prevent the returns of killed, the
first day, equalling those of former years, but it will be greatly
in favour of the true sportsman and the permanency of the
sport.—Perth Paper.

LONGEVITY IN LANCASHIRE.-If there be any who fancy
that the dingy smokiness of Lancashire is prejudicial to
health, we think the following will go a long way towards
shaking their belief :—The kindness of a gentleman in Walm-
ersley, near Bury, assembled before a good old English din-
ner, a number of old men, collected within five miles of his
residence, of which assemblage we give the following parti-
culars :—Their number amounted to twenty and the number
of years their ages made was 1667. The youngest (considered
by the rest as quite a lad) was 72, the oldest 97. Amongst
the venerable patriarchs was one who was at the siege of
Gibralter ; another who had seven great grand-children, and
another who deserves particular mention. His name is James
Horrox ; his father William, who was alive at the time of the
Commonwealth, married a second time in the 86th year of
his age, in the year 1743. His son James was born in March,
1744 ; after his birth the old man lived eleven years. His
son (the old man present) was 75 last March. We may
safely say such an instance cannot be paralleled in the
kingdom. Their average age was 83.—Manchester Courier.

RADICAL DOINGS AT HuLL.—Yesterday furnished a
glaring proof of the system upon which Colonel Thompson
and Mr. Clay and the worthies with whom they are acting,
are proceeding in• Hull. At the meeting of the town-council
no less than one hundred and nine persons were admitted and
enrolled as freemen. A large proportion of those persons
were subject to a fine, and from many it was exacted, and in
a number of cases the money was furnished on condition that
the party to be admitted to the freedom, pledged himself to
vote for Thompson and Clay, or failing that, for Thompson
at the next election. But this was not all, for in addition to
the 345. 6d. necessary to pay for the freedom where the fine
was imposed, head-money to the extent of 4s. per man was
paid ; and on Thursday evening next this game is to be re-
peated. This is a new mode of Whig-Radical attack upon
the freemen. Were it possible for it to effect the return of
Messrs. Thompson and Clay for Hull, those very personages
would be among the first to shout for the disfranchisement
of the freedom, on the ground of their corruption and de-
graded state. But the " biters will be bit"—the silly
colonel's money is making " a net that shall enmesh them
all," and make him once more the laughing-stock of the
country ; while Mr. Clay will discover, when too late, that
boozing pot-house companions do not return the representa-
tives of the great town of Hull.—Hull Times.

THE WEST PENNARD ROYAL CHEESE.—On Friday last,
being the anniversary of the queen's coronation, was the day
agreed upon for the making of this noble cheese. In the
morning a merry peal from the village bells, and the firing of
cannon, announced that something important was about to
take place. At five o'clock in the morning, the dairywomen,
in number about twenty-five assembled at Mr George Naish's,
where it was proposed the cheese would be made • and, from
that time to eight o'clock, a continual stream of milk, the
produce of 737 cows, was flowing into their vessels from every
corner of the parish. The process of making being thus far
completed, the whole party then took breakfast together.—
During the time of making, little or no difficulty presented
itself, the machinery having been constructed expressly-for
the purpose upon the best principle. The vat, which was
octagonal, measured three feet by three feet. The cheese
will bear the impress of the royal arms, encircled by a wreath
of oak leaves, which were beautifully carved on Spanish ma-
hogany for the purpose. Such a rare scene, we think, was
never before exhibited in West Pennard, as hat exhibited on
the day appointed for the making of this royal cheese. Every
transaction, from beginning to end, was conducted in the
most orderly manner. After the business of the day was
concluded, a dinner was provided, at which the whole party
sat down. We are given to understand, that the cheese will
weigh upwards of 10 cwt.—Sherborne Journal
THE THUNDER-STORM ON SUNDAY NIGHT.—On- Sun-
day night, between nine and twelve o'clock, the neighbour-
hood of the metropolis was visited by one of the severest
thunder-storms that has occurred for many years. The sky
had looked dark and threatening for some hours previously,
especially towards the west and north, where the horizon was
of a uniform dull yellow, as if charged with electric matter ;
the heat also was most oppressive, and there was not wind
enough to stir a leaf. About eight o'clock a few heavy drops
of rain fell, and shortly afterwards the storm commenced.
The lightning, which was chiefly in the west, was remarkable,
not only for its duration and its intense brilliancy; but for its
being almost wholly unaccompanied by thunder. With the
exception of one terrific peal which seemed crashing right
over head, there was scarcely any thunder ; and what little
there was, was evidently, from its faint, muttering sound, at
a great distance. The storm was at its height about half-
past nine o'clock, at which hour the blue, ghastly sheet light-
ning, followed momently by forked flashes of a bright glowing
red, like red-hot steel, and which darted, not as is usually
the case, in a zig-zag manner, but perpendicularly down from
the clouds, presented a spectacle of sublimity quite tropical
in its character. We know not, indeed, that we ever beheld
such lightning. Flash followed flash, with scarcely a mi-
nute's interval, for upwards of two hours, when the storm
gradually died away. We fear it has done much mischief,
and that we shall hear of the loss of human life ; for about
six or eight miles from London, in the direction of Houns-
low, it must have raged with uncommon violence.—Sun.
THE TRADE OF THE COUNTRY.—The official returns
which have just been made public relative to the trade of the
united kingdom, prove that though the past year was not
marked by any speculations, still the trade of the country is in
a healthy and sound condition. It is shewn by these returns
that the value of imports into the united kingdom (as per of-
ficial valuation), was £61,268,320, being an increase of
£6,500,000 over the imports of 1837. The increase of ex-
ports of the produce and manufactures of the united kingdom
has been from £73,548,047 to £92,450,231, or very nearly
£20,000,000. According to the returns, the real or declared
value of the produce and manufactures of the united king-
dom shipped off in the year ending on the sth of January
last was £50,060,970, or about £8,000,000 more than the
exports of 1837. The new vessels built last year in the united
kingdom amounted to 1490, of the tonnage of 270,280 tons.
In the registration of vessels' in the ports of Great Britain
there was not any material increase last year • the amount on
the 31st Decembei last was 26,609 ships of the aggregate
tonnage of 2,890,601 tons, and having on board 178,583 men ;
in the number of British and foreign vessels employed in the
foreign trade there has been a considerable increase within the •
three years, namely, from 21,478 in 1837, to 24,798 in the
commencement of the present year. The aggregate amount
of the tonnage of the vessels has been increased from 3,404,370
tons, and 191,510 men, to 3,997,053 tons and 223,300 men.
The quantity of British shipping which cleared outward from
the united kingdom for foreign ports, in the year ending on
the sth of January last, was 15,907 vessels, of 2,876,236 tons,
and 162,762 men, showing an increase over the returns of
the previous year of about 33,000 tons, and 15,000 men.
There was also an increase in the number of foreign ships,
their tonnage and crews, which cleared out from the British
ports last year. The totals of both, on the sth of January
last were 24,427 vessels, of 4,099,039 tons, and employing
231,149 men. It appears from these statements, made from
official data, that not only is the trade and commerce of the
country in a favourable position, but that the British as well
as the foreign shipowners are in a more flourishing condition
than they have been for many years past.—London paper.
STEAM COMMUNICATION TO HAMBURGH.—It gives US
great pleasure to observe that a direct communication between
Newcastle and Hamburgh, and Rotterdam, by steam which
has so long been wanted, and which it is astonishing we
should have so long remained without, has at length been
accomplished, and is now in full activity, through the enter-
prise and energy of some of the merchants and manufacturers
of this port. The convenience, afforded by the facility and
regularity of communication, which has been established, to
the tradesmen, and the benefit to the town generally, are
now beginning to be felt, and taken advantage of, by the
importation of butter, cheese, and several perishable articles,
which were formerly subjected by the sailing vessels to pas-
sages of a month, and even two months, much to the injury
of the purchasers, but which are now brought over every
week with the same regularity and certainty as letters. This
rapidity of communication has also opened up a trade in
several articles which could not be imported before, such as
green fruits, &c., which we may expect in considerable quan-
tities this season. Not the least important of the advan-
tages derived from this mode of steam communication, is the
channel of transit procured by Newcastle for goods shipped
from various quarters for Hamburgh, as well as passengers,
which were formerly conveyed by sailing vessels direct, or by
the steamers from Hull and Leith. Arrangements, we un-
derstand, are now making by some Liverpool houses, who are
in the habit of shipping large quantities of cotton to Ham-
burgh, to have their goods sent by the Carlisle Railway to
Newcastle for shipment by the steamers, as it appears this
route not only offers the advantage of a certain arrival at the
place of destination in a week from leaving Liverpool, in
place of passages of frequently three months by sailing ves-
sels, but is actually almost as cheap in point of mere carriage.
The same applies, in an equal degree, to the goods sent from
Glasgow, and to Carlisle, as a matter of course ; and the
great number of passengers in the habit of coming from
Ireland, Liverpool, and the western coast to Hull, on their
way to Hamburgh, will now find a cheaper route by New-
castle. The economy of this route is evinced in the large
number of emigrants, one hundred and eighty, which have
come over in the John Wood this week, and have since pro-
ceeded by Carlisle to Liverpool, on cheaper terms than the
former route by Hull ; and the same number awaits the
Clyde, which is at present on her voyage. We anticipate the
greatest benefit to the town by this line of communication.
The company's vessel Queen Adelaide has arrived from Rot-
terdam with a full cargo of cheese, and a considerable quan-
tity of green fruits, such as cherries, &c., which gives us the
advantage of the forward season on the-Rhine and adjacent
countries.—Newcastle Journal.

Bonotrotr or TOT/In.—We are happy to be enabled to
state, upon the best authority, that the radical friends of Mr.
Jasper Parrett have not the slightest chance of again return-
ing their member to the house of Commons. Should an elec-
tion take place immediately, the radicals would be certainly
defeated ; but the ensuing registration will add considerably to
the strength of the independent electors. The days of whig-
radicalism are numbered in this borough. Devonport, Tiver-
ton Dartmouth, and other places must follow the example.
We again remind every conservative of the emphatic words of
Sir. Robert Peel—" The battle of the constitution must be
fought at the registration !"—Exeter Gazette.
ELOQUENCE.—The Ohio Republican gives the following
extract from a speech delivered by a member of the Indian
legislature, on a bill to encourage the killing of wolves,
which, in sublimity, has seldom been surpassed:—" Mr.
Speaker, the wolf is the most ferocious animal that prowls
in our western prairies, or runs at large in the forests of In-
dians. He creeps from his lurking place at the hour of
midnight, when all nature is locked in the silent embrace of
Morpheus, and ere the portals of the east are unbarred or
bright Phoebus rises in all his golden majesty, whole litters
of pigs are destroyed."
THE CROPS.—The beneficial change which has taken place
in the weather during the last fortnight has materially altered
the position of the agriculturists, with regard to the corn
crops, which in all directions hive now assumed a vigorous
and healthy appearance, and present the fairest prospect of
advancing to maturity in richness and abundance. Wheat,
barley, and oats are fast shooting into ear. In the southern
and midland districts the hay harvest has already commenced
under favourable circumstances, whilst the present rains
have done much to forward both turnips and potatoes, which
at one time promised somewhat indifferently.—Newcastle
Journal.

THE WEATHER AND THE Cnors.—The copious and suc-
cessive showers with which the country was favoured a week
or two ago, combined with a fair proportion of hot and sea-
sonable weather, has given an appearance and imparted a for-
wardness to the crops of hay and grass in this neighbourhood
unsurpassed, we should think, within recollection, Nothing
can exceed the beauty and fertility of the landscape in every
direction. Portions of grass we observe cut in a great many
places ; and the wheat is displaying the ear preparatory to
the golden ripening which waits to crown the farmer's toil.
It is however, thought that the drought experienced in May
will prove unfavorable to abundance as regards the hay crops.
A few days more of such dry and hot weather as now prevails
and hay making will be the order of the day in every point of
the compass.—Derbyshire Chronicle.
LYNCH LAw.—There are few, if any who look upon a
scene like that at the foot of Grisworld-street, yesterday,
without a thrill of horror. Yet, we must confess there are
crimes committed by those wearing the form of man, for
which there is no legal remedy. Paul Maples, a disgrace to
the family, and his trade (for our butchers, generally, are a
worthy set of men) received in his employment, some months
since, a deserter from the British army, and after becoming
indebted to him some 50 or dollars, cancelled his obliga-
tion by getting the fellow int a fit of intoxication, conveying
him -across the river, and surr ndering him to British officers,
for the ordinary reward on duch occasions. But to their
honour and manliness let it be said, they allowed him to be
whipped and cropped for his pains. Yet, laws must be exe-
cuted and rules enforced, and it being understood that yes-
terday was the day appointed for the execution of the de-
serter, certain individuals took the wretch, who could sell the
life of brother man for a few paltry dollars, rode him on a
rail, shaved his head, tarred and sanded it, and he was fi-
nally lodged in gaol to protect him from annihilation.—
Detroit Craftsman.
A RATCATCHER'S REVENGE.—A few days ago, a circum-
stance occurred at Misson, near Bautry, which has occasioned
no small share of merriment. A farmer, residing not more
than twenty miles from'that village, entered into an agreement
about three years since, with a ratcatcher for the sum of Ll
per annum, to kill the rats with which his premises were
infested. During the first year the ratcatcher destroyed
a large number, to the satisfaction of his employer, who was
proud of his bargain. In the second year he was equally at-
tentive and successful ; and during the third year, which has
just expired, he effected such destruction amongst the vermin
that the farmer believed that there was not one rat about his
premises. The ratcatcher, as usual, caine for his salary ;
but the farmer declared, that as he had no rats now, he should
not pay him, and that he had no further occasion for his ser-
vices. The man of the traps urging his plea with much ear-
nestness, and was as earnestly repulsed, and after all hope of
being paid had vanished, he declared that he would bring
visitors as would not be very acceptable. But the farmer,
thinking he was jesting, took no further notice of the matter.
On the 27th ult. however, the ratcatcher again made his ap-
pearance before the farmer, bearing with him a sack. He
again urged his plea, and was again refused. He immediately
without any ceremony, opened the mouth of his sack, and
out rushed fifty-two live rats, which, without asking leave of
the farmer, are now domiciled on his premises.—Doncaster
Gazette.

FORGERY.—EXTRAORDINARY INFATUATION.—A young
man, employed in a highly respectable establishment in this
eity, has been apprehended on a charge of forgery, and the
evidence is of such a nature that the case will in all likelihood
go to trial. The bill, which was for the sum of £6O, had
been cashed by the branch of Glasgow Union bank in Pais-
ley, and upon becoming due, and being presented for pay-
ment on Saturday lost, it was ascertained that the names of
both drawer and accepter had been forged. The criminal
part of the affair was readily brought home to the young man
now in charge, and the investigation has associated with the
case features alike painful and novel. The youth, it appears
had forged the bill for the purpose of raising money, not for
his own wants, but for those of a friend ; and at the period of
its becoming due had accumulated a fund sufficient to meet
the amount, but the terror or consciousness of guilt prevented
him going forward to lift the bill, before anything irregular
could be known or suspected. The sum has in fact been
recovered by the police. His emyloyers, too, placed implicit
confidence in him, and joined in giving him a reputation for
the utmost purity of character, and demeanour, and while
Captain Miller waited in the countinghouse for his prisoner,
the latter entered with the sum of £4OO, which he had been
collecting for the firm. We have since ascertained that the
friend of the unfortunate youth, though he readily admits
having received £5O, had not the slightest notion of the man-
ner in which the money had been raised.—Scottish Guardian.
ALARMING EXPLOSICN AND Loss OF LIFE AT WIRKS-
WORTH.—On Saturday night last, about half-past ten o'clock,
the town and neighbourhood of Wirksworth were alarmed by
the ringing of the fire-bell, and crowds of people were seen
Booking towards the scene of devastation, which proved to be
the Lime-kiln Inn. The inn, which is situate a short dis-
tance out of the town, was occupied by Mr. Humphrey Win-
son. Mr. and Mrs. Winson were from home ; a brother of
Mr. Winson's,, and a brother and sister of Mrs. Winson's,
were left in care of the house. About the time above named,
Mrs. Winson's brother, Frederick Brayfield, who was about
15 years of age, was seen going up stairs with a lighted can-
dle, and in an instant the house was shook to its foundations.
Mr. Winson's brother ran towards a room where powder is
kept for the purpose of blasting rock at the kilns, and saw the
youth in flames. At the risk of his own life he snatched him
away, and remorled him to Mr. Waterfield's, an inn close by.
Medical aid was promptly procured, but it was of no avail;
he died in a few hours afterwards. The house was an excel-
lent one, built of limestone, with tile covering ; it now pre-
sents a very ruinous appearance, being cracked and shattered
in all directions, the windows blown out, part of the inside
blown down, and part of the wood work much burned; the
tiles and ridge stones blown off and shattered to pieces. One
chimney and a part of the gable end fell upon a thatched
house adjoining, occupied by Mr. Young, tailor, who, with
his wife and two children, were in the house-place at the time
the calamitous accident happened. An infirm old person who
lodged with them was in bed, when in a moment the room
and chamber floor fell in, and immediately ignited ; yet most
providentially the whole five persons escaped with little bodily
injury. This poor family suffered almost an entire loss of all
their property—bedding, clothing, furniture, money, and the
provisions laid in that day, being market-day. A great part
of the furniture in the inn was, by the unwearied exertions of
the inhabitants, saved, and also a quantity of malt. We un-
derstand the quantity of powder in the house was about 301bs.
—Derby Reporter.
CANTERBURY, JULY B.—This neighbourhood was last
night again visited by a tremendous storm of lightening and
thunder, accompanied by a heavy fall of rain, which for a
time gave the streets the appearance of a river. The storm
continued for upwards of two hours, with very little inter-
mission between the successive peals of thunder, the lighten-
ing being almost one continuous glare. Shortly after 12
o'clock the electric fluid, accompanied instantaneously with
a very loud clap, descended (to use an eye witness's words)
" in the shape of a large globe, splitting into a thousand
pieces," upon the house of Mr. Elwin, coal-merchant, St.
Dunstan's-street, and passed through every room, with the
exception of one parlour, doing considerable damage, but
happily without injuring any of the family, beyond the
fright naturally caused by the awful visitation. It appears
to have entered the premises in several different parts, and
escaped in the same manner, rending walls, door-posts,
window-frames, furniture, &c., to splinters, and demolishing
almost every pane of glass situated at the back of the house.
The kitchen chimney, which is continued upwards from the
outer wall, was completely divided from the top down to the
roof, the ruins fortunately falling into the garden. The
tiling adjoining was stripped from the roof, and falling on
the rafters of the chamber below, where slept a female servant,
scattered the ceiling to all parts of the room. The lobby
window-frame, within and without, was shivered to a thou-
sand pieces, and driven a considerable distance from their
former positions. In the kitchen, tables, chairs, and the
different culinary requisites were demolished in an apparent
most fantastic manner. At the north angle of the house the
fluid entered a bed room, where slept Mr. Elwin, jun., tear-
ing the walls and paper, shivering to atoms an inner window
shutter and a chair beneath, burnt the carpet, and, descend-
ing through the floor, entered the counting house beneath,
where its devastation was considerable. A weather•glass
was completely destroyed, and its metallic face bent various
ways. A plaster model of Tam o'Shanter, standing on a
pedestal, was decapitated, leaving the remainder entire. This
is supposed to have been done by a piece of the window-frame
driven across the whole extent of the lobby, and found at
the further end. The actual, amount of the damage cannot
be immediately ascertained, but the wreck shows it to be
very considerable.
THE MANCHESTER CORPORATION.—The Manchester
Chronicle of Saturday, in an article on the proceedings of the
parties composing the Manchester town council, in which
they are termed iliterate simpletons and rapid partisans, quotes
the folloWing instance of an attempt to convert the council
into a political engine :—_"One of the watchmen recently taken
into their service lives in Salford, where he has a vote, which
at the last election was given to Mr. Garnett. Notice has
been given him that unless he remove into the borough of
Manchester before the 28th inst. he will be discharged. A
similar notice has been given to all servants of the corpora-
tion who are not now ten pounders in the borough of Man-
chester. The limitation of time, requiring their occupation
to commence at the exact period necessary for qualifying
them to register next year, shows what objects the authors
of the mandate had in view ; but in the particular instance
we first alluded to, a double end is answered by the removal ;
a conservative vote is taken from Salford, and a conservative
conscience brought under the radical screw in Manchester.
Nor let it be supposed, or alleged that distance from the
scene of duty renders the man's removal necessary. Resid-
ing close to the bridge, his home is but a few yards from his
beat; whereas, if he but come into the borough of Manches-
ter, he is left at perfect liberty to domicile himself in any
part of that favoured region, however remote from his dis-
trict." A note is appended to this article having reference
to the epithets applied above.—" As our distant readers can
have no idea of the class of people from whom these pretend-
ed corporators are elected, and, attributing these expressions
to the warmth of party feeling, may be disposed to think
them exaggerated, we may mention that, on a recent occasion,
in a communication on official business, the Corypeeus of
the set wrote the name Isabella—Lzzybelly ; that another of
their " worships," twice in one note, spelt omnibus with an
initial H ; that another addressed a note to the " majistrates,"
in which he talked of the " callender" of prisoners ; and that
a fourth being asked how he intended to finish a house he
was building, replied that he should probably " masticate"
it. Thus have the lowest dregs of faction been drained to
find magistrates for the third city in magnitude in Europe."
" THERE IS A TIME FOR EVERYTHING UNDER THE
SUN."—We have received several letters from many beauti-
ful young quaker girls, c6mplaining of the young men who
attend meeting ; they say that the young men rush out of
meeting as fast as possible, and take their stand on the steps,
where they most improperly and impertinently scrutinize the
dress, the air, the shape, the complexion, the character of
every lovely girl as she passes. We must have this reformed
altogether. There can be no objection to a young, good
looking, unmarried, and moral man gazing at a pretty girl,
" an hour by Shrewsbury clock," if he feels inclined, or vice
versa; but then there is a time and place fox all things.—
New York Morning Herald,

alt Zlivrpeol &taialattr.

FRIDAY MORNING, JULY 12, 1339.

It is highly instructive to see the different modes in
which the Liberals treat instances of political defection.
Conduct which, when it turns against them, is assailed
with language of the foulest virulence their Billins-
gate vocabulary can supply, becomes the subject of
their warmest panegyric when exhibited in their fa-
your. One man is branded with the complimentary
epithets of traitor—turncoat— driveller apostate—.
because he finds it necessary for his honour and repu-
tation no longer to swim abreast of their muddy and
turbulent tide, and to take his stand somewhere against
the desperate extremities to which they are hurrying
him ; while another, who deserts the Conservative co-
lours and throws himself into their ranks, is welcomed
with every honourable title, and is lauded to the skies
as a rara axis in terris—a man of a conscientious and

honourable mind—an upright Senator—the very mo
del of sincerity and candour. When two of the bright•
est ornaments of Lord Grey's Government, Lord Stan.

ley and Sir James Graham, saw that the principles of
the Melbourne Cabinet were wholly different from those
of his predecessor—when they found that the weak
and worthless Ministers who succeeded him had pur-
chased Radical support at the fearful price of the ruin
of the Constitution—that they had sold themselves as
the slaves of a Popish faction, and that the Church of
England had no more dangerous adversaries than those
who wielded all the resources and power of Govern-
ment—and when, fully aware of all this, they ceased
to give that Government their support—who can have
forgotten the way in which these upright and high-
minded men were treated by their quondam friends and
allies ? Coarse abuse and impudent detraction of the
most malignant kind were, day after day, poured out
of the kennels of the press, and every vile motive was
imputed which enraged Liberalism could suggest to
blacken their reputation ; and still the dirty stream
flows on, labitur et labetur. Sir James Graham sup-

ports the Church, and he has become a fanatic and a
bigot : Lord Stanley is the bold and fearless champion
of the Constitution ; and, from being the brilliant
leader of the Whigs—the chevalier sans peur et sans
reproche—he is discovered to be young, hot-headed,
and unworthy of trust.
So also in the case of Sir Francis Burdett—once the
pet favourite of the Radicals—the glory of his coun-
try—the toast at democratic dinners—the fine old Eng-
lish gentleman. When he refused to truckle to O'Con-
nell, and, as a private gentleman, insisted that he shonld
be expelled from a society to which he was a disgrace
and a reproach,—the black flag was instantly hoisted,
and

" Straight a barbarous noise environs him,
Of owls and cuckoos, asses, apes, and dogs ;"
each striving to outdo the other in the work of calumny

Vie,
and falsehood. The Democrats then, for the first:that
found out that Sir Francis had grown old--014; `eted
he was superannuated and in his dotage—alld tci to
pity and contempt was the tenderest _usage ,
anJ
be thankful for at their hands. His most por°7l to
effective speeches of former days were re'oto,
dis
have been but frothy declamations, and his
°`
t:::ert,,,
rious exploits in behalf of what Radicals call '.er.
to have been prompted by no better motive than
•

weening vanity. th 110
Listen now to the flourish of trumpets fro
the Ministerial journals usher in the last runavialife
the ranks of the opposition. Mr. Gibson, tf their
member for Ipswich, is the glorious theme ° .0,13 g
noisy praise. "0, noble judge ! 0, excellent ) beep
man !" How is it that his talents have so loalia,g_dic3l
hidden under a bushel, and that hitherto nu tio
Soothsayer, who can see Thrther into a millstone
other people, has divined those egregi°lls
_it}, 0
ties which can now no longer be CO''nca; is a
we might believe the oracles of the Whigs' °lite.
jewel of a statesman—his mind is all one cilrYs dee
That budding wisdom, upon which Conservadveorty
fessions had pressed like an incubus, has, with2nirig
last nine days, burst into full blow ; nay, the
ore
zeal of some goes so far as to exalt this gree; is a
proselyte into a type of our advancing age. toole
pattern of manly courage—of candour--of hen° this
principle. And yet who is this Mr. Miller Gibitirde•
Mordecai whom Whig-Radicalism thus sudd7o tWo
lighteth to honour ? He is a young mall /I'oo'
years ago came forward voluntarily as the C°lloo
tive Candidate for the town of Ipswich lea of
strong professions of attachment to the Princltical
Sir Robert Peel—who denounced this presenti"oo
Ministry as the feeblest of Governments-4% re'
on the faith of these expressions of opini°ll'
turned to Parliament by a Conservative con t•
he
See now the change : contrast his speech teevered
hustings in 1837 with the harangue he lately tot
before the Radicals of Ipswich in /SU. It is wellic
signal instance of a man eatin wmlis s'
lie the
we have yet met with. The p hich was t on'
of his panegyric in 1837 is noN itefully and ger
niously assailed; and yet we defy the honour'lbLehthe
tleman to point out one single instance ill wh,clig the
principles of that party have been changed during
op°
intervening period. But we have no wish ti.° other
the matter with Mr. Gibson; neither, on tP.,,ie g
hand, will we imitate the example of all Labe
load him with abuse for deserting to the enelnYitough
have no doubt that he has acted conscientiously,
we think most unwisely. We feel rather s°ll.bne c•
ob'
anger when we see so young a fly caught in t It is'
webs of the spurious Liberalism of the day' noto'
cheap and easy way of gaining a little ternP°lll; irre'
riety, but the mischief done to the man himself l 0,10
parable. He has joined a band of freebooter`' t 0
to,
will handcuff him to their ranks, and coraPei
march forward. There must be no hesitatinily tliat
delay—no repugnance. We venture to pro Do
DP'
in a very short time Mr. Gibson, from being au sotDe
derate Conservative," will go the whole hog " lialf a
of the wildest of his new allies. Already be
convert to the Ballot.
" Facilis descensus Avernislo
Sed revocare gradum, superasque evaders ad
Hoc opus hic labor est."
tog pith
We have seen a notable instance of the rah 1004
which a juvenile Liberal can descend into the. deraft/
depths of Radicalism, in the case of our ci-aitlAt/
member, Mr. Ewart. He who stood as a Cal3ttyear3
for the representation of this town, a fever li°ollo
ago, as a supporter of the principles of M a of
has since been the nominee of O'Connell, 90
wallows in the sty of outrageous Delnoelici. eta
man bids higher for mob-applause : nomallAs 1°!
openly repudiates all his former principles'
ollt""
have no ill-will towards Mr. Gibson, we Ptt
him as a beacon the example of Mr. Evitart i',-
him against a fall equally degrading. ge
brink of a precipice—let him beware !
There is one subject, which has caused -ni
weep'
ful comment and discussion during the last fe: tee°
from which we have purposely abstained' sijostioo
that in which the name of the late Lady Flom
is. Eolor
has attained such unhappy notoriety. There,
thing to our minds inexpressively revolting i obis
of making the character and reputation of al? .oriotls
the topic of a newspaper. A false and nstaille3jears,,,°t
calumny about four months since reached t",-,61 fr°',
the public, and was supposed to have enlans' 031)e
the Palace. The truth of the facts was B°°ll,og ttia
known by authority, and all pretence for beliegitt
ish L
lie, even in the case of those whose we !it
father to their thought, wholly removed- 'iota
time the sufferer has been carried off by the rtaj clirA
Death. She sunk under the effects of .a fie bet
ease, whose ravages had commenced some the
a whisper against her fair fame was heard• re
cerest sympathy has been felt for her by theostfir,
and not a breath of suspicion has, from
nape,th
ment of explanation, been cast upon her tO 111°,0
should not even thus allude to what onglivl 00t1
been long since buried in oblivion,
express our disgust at the line of conduct! j,eo(l°:e
this melancholy occasion by some of Wata,l to
papers. We believe the Morning Post just s
on this subject literally mad. How else 'tioiellti
count for the furious ravings—the puling sel3. reo,'e,
the false sympathy—the indecent details svbic t
Pis of
that paper unfit to peruse without a blush?
stgle
language of the dissecting-table form the eoare
articles which Englishmen and Englishw°9lo,ololll,e'.
read ? And, under the veil of obtrusivg t°
are the feelings of the noble family of 035'1
real JO
outraged by these fierce homilies over tile el*, se
were
dioptea
its departed daughter ? We are unwilling ow its Oa
harsh language towards a journal which has
ood CA.;
given such steady and effective aid to the g tl(i;
.0,
but we must loudly protest against the d Ist
iool:
course which it is at present so feckless'l1, jo
Al' is
It will alienate its friends as surely as it i_ist thereos
triumph to its foes. We greatly fear tuacliivslytlie
some sinister influence at work, and that been 0
regard for the honour of Lady Flora has 11°
olv
else °
tit
O ely
impulse of the writers in this matter.
trallg
we account for the disloyal attacks—s° s 51 the
of place in such a journal—which have betleoge 11/43AV
ficantly pointed against the highest Pers°,utioa %it!'
realm—attacks which have really no font''. ticl If
ever, so far as anything has yet transPire,cl;:?
we firmly believe to be false and caluziou° (if °' p•
ot
Morning Post has sold itself to the designs
,el 06
(sawn to be iej
pointed and unprincipled party
designate by name), and allows its 0101027 01:00,
channels through which the bitterness !lc ,p'
vanity and hatred is to flow, it will assnr'slaice Ft it
plish its own ruin, and cause every Conser e t:115
c 1461"
tleman to withdraw from it his sup Port• be elle,
is but a temporary delirium, but it must 41 re
td.
Those who really respect female honour cidict4coot
silent when it has been triumphantly`~ill
ootioto
Those who are the friends of the Thronelibel ta •
against it the poisoned arrows of base 01;,0 ailed
invective. We trust not to have occasion

this subject again.
°ll° _ then
The dissenting prints which assumetol,B re 1.61
the expression of whatever is Liberal in t'ie; etil)lot
or political opinions of this loyal town, 113%.e -000 on 0'
engaged for the last few weeks in heaping
two individuals of our local clergy the ileav-a. `At't;
ciations of sectarian animosity and clan3°.-t
although we are far indeed from thinking Iviloseiie,
to take up the cudgels in defence of rnenr4-or 11',0t•
known character places them as far above or (oe"ti,
whose
tbe c,e;
a. s they can be raised above anything
itng. always that infinite depth of rnenniless:tor-s)'4o'
detra- e for
ism of their factious and ignorant
lo
the occasion seems not to be an unfitting:Olt lii°,lloel'4)
hibiting to our readers, what is the characntogfroli
Liberalism, and what are the virtues which it rlei` or
Liberal is accustomed to display. We fee raltifr
of the duty we owe to men like Bat°. rCao e
the Rev. Hugh M`Neile to screen then 1
ticisms of those • e; °
01 e
r "
Whose praise is censure, and whose censu-
cie r
grit
1100,
$
nor can we imagine either of these revere° 0110601
any one of their well friends n
eei:
or
es,
,calallo
otisji
different reply to these unceasing al
ancient answer, which Lord Bacon Las rtaks
anecdote, "Sir, lam well pleased that these kilo o
be t,f
told in this place, where you and I bot
V3r are
I, Via} •
friti
But it seems an occasion of hirrn,
t
Liberal Diseenter, if he Can surr°ls°
,ba •

Points of th
ijeal nil . e:l°gical Opinion, or even of mere EcclesiaB-
- Oil which different clergymen of the
°Piiiiol,B. ~'"it happen to entertain very widely different
r 13.33 A oi.r, •
cecaienge these
if We were so inclined, we might safely
'ottire are eBe openmouthed opponents to the proof
Illeetieto_eatiiified that not one of the Kettle-drumles in
or anytcds the smallest knowledge upon the subject,
ire withng, More than the vaguest possible acquaint-
not 'lle mere fact that Mr. M'Neile's. sentiments
But tuchPre6Bel37 identical with those of Dr. Hook.
the Poor driveller
course, amusing enough as it would be if
tot the
rivellers were worth the waste of trouble, is
'Le one which
4(4 way we are minded to adopt. We can-
t'htll.Bareellives IYegleindjgoyeon on the long line, and persuade
. either t• the sport of salmon fishing, and we
'ollito„, line nor space to draw on the Liberal
, suirrists of Liverpool into a theological discus-
ihot.,teel'i t 0 exhibit to the world their arrogance and
4trion wo Tlie joke is not worth the candle. The
tet,.
_IQ not pay for the powder and shot.
" beliefstherefor begin by admitting our entire con-
ey F
es,-ill and
'Alilli cil that there exist within the pale of the
Nip, iirch the widest differences of opinion, on
3,pteieii. of Doctrine and Discipline., those only ex-
batlieekri:ek have reference to the Cardinal points of
Paith, and which therefore the tolerant
kept+. .compromising wisdom of our noble Reformers
the (41/lllanted in the Formularies and Standards of
feV ell,
and the truthful and docile acquiescence
let ceeeclill
th, ff generations has resolutely maintained.
ie e Vital •
garit,t, Points be assailed in any one, the seem-
tith,_ Nest part. ,
let, 'knot tly s:.eil'ar, and an host. of armed champions
h., ' our Hering up on the right hand and on the
CI4 Cab '°lY Church, and where is the Dissenter
4it,' , .' loeet either of these champions in the field ?
4, aisidions
array h
~ and dastardly antagonist, he hopes
Nly sit ,e Righ Church and the Low Church (as he
ih es th •
kelailko. „,, era) in opposition to each other. Like
%en
tLulin. ehausen, your puny Dissenter stands
illy
.'ie Alligator and the Lion, and if the Lion
tilaiget 31114 into the Alligator's mouth, he thinks he
134 off
unhurttleild th .
~ e pale of Rome—out of earshot of the
tlfotri,„io-18---there must necessarily be differences
gl, 1:1
11P°11 every subject which it has pleased
gIY Go e d dto leave wholly or partially unrevealed.
j, (trill,
lillia, a superintending Providence—of an
ps.„. Saviourot--of a Sanctifying Spirit—or the im-
ttz obi; r-
of a solemn ordinance, may be
lirw' is the
Apo Page of God's Word, or traced by his
,tlll°Alv ki"lie heart, in characters so legible that they
tgltle, lA'e mistaken by wilful obstinacy and purblind
And ass
.4itsetl, tiredly God has not left himself without
'4a.bleck.uer enjoined man to believe what he has not
t'rittet 1111/1 to learn. Whatever is essential is clearly
ip„ Iltterially ,1(1,,,1,11ay be surely read. On all these points
-04 th "'Y the keenest-witted Dissenter to discover
111,4 e eh„.._ .
, ofd4 Pious of the Church the shadow of a
44t Crenee.
ktc4ll ill in not not much more behind. Is there not
tl:l.,oliejetial_'s condition which Infinite Wisdom has
`d hest `.° mortal view, and which nevertheless is
d 4
811b.speculations of
L„ oot Ject that can occupy the
:rreedokancl. reverent mind ? And will these advocates
OR sp,nlll,
r th°llght and sentiment debar the en-
,•,,or eolilpa .: hough'
-
'?,,e
reflecting on these solemn subjects,
i thatrin beg one with another the passages of God's
a 4 to 44bl UP the question in hand and may
tisith isli an opinion, or to elucidate the truth?
4'0'14 eY will
~.., tkiro,.._ . not forbid the question, will they insist
,a
i.,_ ‘allty
in the answer ? Will they not suffer
'Ale ,71 to a,.
' '0 it '''ve at his own conclusion, and if he
l'a ~ tloherl
-ela-
;er' ear Y and reverently, and deny no re\ ,114, Illaiii.
l of his away any opposing passage in the
tl/4,e11e or theilquiry, will they assume to say that
diAo latit at one is in the wrong, and will tliiey
,t.;af eliduele for the different weight of various
4k17 Whettenee when addressed to different minds ?
thesis likeYelir Liberal writers have adopted an
,r•iii this, fk 4114, is, the insufferable hollowness of
O lltio, L.lliarlifest to the meanest capacity !
'll 48 iberality we hold to consist in this. Let
`''il P lke hilz, lf
tliokith. LI
.e of the vital matters of the Chris-
-4e doet .‘ lion ascertain that there is uniformity
L 'lot Permri. nee, which his conscience towards God
n lit bin).
fti,. oaten' to leave in doubt. For the rest let
1+147 sane fel' to differ. Let him unite in the bonds
thekt'very iz 1°11•41iP for the same righteous purpose,
Ne q arl (whatever his opinion) who worships
km od
-4 'in the same faith, according to the same
Vie' L
't b et not one be of Paul and another of
Pe‘, at au
\i,sle the • °f Christ. Let not outward forms
kill' -, ti,4 vital essence.
3we ...._ . .
443 4 - maintain, is precisely what the Church-
' 4444 " the political Dissenter will not do. The
ilt 1,,h. 41 that •
"litii 'eh in the Established form every doc-
htii:Pre,,ery euent;al to man's salvation has been
it d ArtieleB4l, cheerfully and delightedly acquiesces
'trltilett is and Canons of his Church. He will
tAlLeAteatoPlace of worship because his Minister's
'rd 11,; Prowl: hiB Own differ on the Interpretation of un-
, o, r .
41 L Pe% , i , (for instance) or the difficult question
4 ma, nal r •
1 ..oniti. eign.
He is thankful that Almighty
4 klhi IPPed and Christ his Saviour is preached.
the bee 4 in the ~'
ll -ttirrn, - general agreement, and is not careful
lift, bi4'4tant differences.
'etire enter On
, kith... The the other hand insists upon his
'tati,s'e iti dot-' Independent, for example, professes
the trine .
crt very , • but, although he is well aware
'telereeti 40etrines have been, are, and will be
:fL'4 1:1441444 and systematically propagated by
,:by
411,, Ch._ urch, . than they ever were or ever
"cAesth / unorganized body of Believers ; yet,
1 . e ehurcl 13.
i, the 'rtit bee 1 itterly, simply because he hates
', klbitt,L,4lle some other of the external matters
OilitliteriTetiatre
oft precisely adapted to the whim-
jilt. I dit s his capricious taste. He insists
ro Nt d eretice .
tik
,° tile
.• and says he is a Liberal. He
lib 4rvice and •
li eralk ~ ' )et he claims the privilege.
kOkp,,,4tie of '' L 0 demand clamorously, is the cha-
m the 1
h. )1,01;
'Toni
halodern Liberal. To concede is
lt, 83 Li
this 's vocabulary. "/ am right ; you
Will lan cabin
" Think as I do, and
t",i hi' it ,„ as
at IN —4 13E, that
P 4tly of tr.at many persons in Liverpool are
ta,eii,3B Hook's opinions,—nor precisely
41 'At tk ' It 1/1 ..
to
th. aznks for
ha. y be that each sincere reflect-
tot, Is p,iv., 17/18e/f, -We, for instance, lay
trltt•te 'eat to
sitliege in our own humble capacity,
ilotit44/ olirmv
„at the feet of gifted and able men,
544NeleiVeg)
atae:, nevertheless, the right of •judging
Apht, Ives to he comparing for ourselves ; and know-
]; Nest Ikas, thinkr.esponsible in our own persons for
lit thatecir the it
not right to shift the care, when
c'4q ere . te,lha, sPonsibilit S
fro, been y. ,o, according to the
Ork '' thoe given us, we differ very widely
1 4) t Peculiar
iLit /ve ttli e which tenets (miscalled the Oxford
i4„lllati, 41 We 0,
all never be found to detract from
1 (1),,,"e 444 °cies or to underrate the services
44.,"'titia stand ., 11 a eti. he is to
to the good cause
N . 'gine, . far elthei. in in his important province at
'lll4 L 5
th (10
We profess
r 4, e ~ i
,s,e
.. ourselves bound hand
11Not, "X.Bilel3 .._cilxit,,
of our reverend towns-
;llllotii 4 ill th "re are assured he is one of the
,21.111 kltli • e ore
who would seek to bind an
'fat; we, b in the ,i
Niti •,eeaite w thraldom of this slavery. But
,1 ' ot
~g the s e might return from his church,
1. tionL ouridn., ,
04CI, Att,l,„ "'tin, t, ens of some particular conclu-
-11;:eed te'' the
Precise interpretation he might
'.ll' e thi B°4le diffi
►
Is tih„. ult light
cult and disputed passage,
, -...11,,,„ of his gifted
git4l).
ratio ,quedB, ."8 eloquence dispa-
'4o, '' he, uttrtinp.rvices, or detract from his untiring
h. it't ha' have i 8,3 6. zeal, any portion of that praise
lot :11iiii,v:_ retion nine,,,lllY earned ? If this be Liberal-
'tti4;44,ll.4u the modueed to rejoice that we have no
il, 4tt of el what i ern name of Liberal. We have
,ili, isattl. aenti,.,_ s due to candour, and a generous
t, • Oil that'.ents that l'e h 'le d y,„ oilier from our own. But
o • Goes ,o. self .
Are is it, oot kn " styling Liberal should do
\ (,1 in of
re °W what is important, and t' au Ive 114 sPects
there-
'sit ' ther e obsery grossly Latitudinarian ,
itv 1% tit 'foe in ed) is to insist upon his dlbrer-
iity
rt1a4,01004 others he is wholly destitute of
rlielid 4 dlit , 40t to think for himself, (which
a Y,) 1
ti It. q arrei Alt to tak h• • • ,
are
with
every, eup .18 opinion any -
i 4, .
''''Y body else who does not
!tt t Jucke
l'' ttNot, of rhea `others
, hit 'itiAt "N ti OY himself,
Vt,,,tit.),',,t4 P4ader-Z-------- and thinks
Oetc Yilliit,!Zit it i%eYist,,, bajtlts the other day (having heard,
0 IN4teile'ile Wit, '4l;sey ; 4„lcieVer having seen the
:name
(1,114,1 t
eN,eO e 84.13. r: e, went on further to display
~'Pk,c'etalle 111' Er, Be. Th. by praising Dr. Hook, at
4nri-t-tioil,L,coEist 5t,'t,a..8.41. 411:.....s :.....utifie,ed. to show *his paltry
coci'N 71, aqa(te-vg the cause
of is utter ignoranc.e. in
eNpi in}, litll rev Ere ,V of Liberalism by praising
ilaye his Jolted k ' l'haps the noodle merely
Joiarr,a, .Y liistinct to the ultra-Tory
' Used +
~0 advocate. Ne actor
