TATTERSALL'S, T URSD Ay.

The betting against the two favourites was tolerably brisk,
and ended slightly to the advantage of Confederate, the last
offers being to bet or take 8 to 1 ; his rival was supported
with great energy at 8 and 81 to 1; and from the:disinclina-
tion of the layers of odds, we suspect that some of the orders
to " get on" were only partially executed ; the last bet
against him was in hundreds, at the lower of the two prices.
The Angelica colt fell into the third place, 10 to 1 having
been laid in two or three quarters ; the takers, however,
would have continued on the same terms. Theon was
backed at 12 to 1 in hundreds, but was not in much favour.
Muley Ishmael, the Assassin, and the Melody colt, were
talked of at the odds stated below, but not backed, that we
heard of. Ottoman opened at 28 to 1 (taken to a pony),
and receded to 33 to 1 before the room was closed ; at this
figure one gentleman laid out £6O, and would have gone on.
Benjamin and Graysteel were supported with some spirit at
1.000 to 15 ; and the same odds went down, but not quite so
freely, with the Prince Albert and Maroon parties. The
bettiUg was flat enough on this race, but on the 2,000 Gel-
neas Stakes and Oaks was dull in the extreme. All that we
need' say is, that Confederate, with plenty of friends, ad-
vanced a point, and Crucifix declined to the same extent for
the first event, and .Lalla Rookh lost ground for the other.
We heard nothing of Crucifix or Black Bess for. it. 6to 5
was offered on the Ar gelica colt for the Column Stakes, but
nothing done on the Riddlesworth.
TWO THOUSAND GUINEAS' STAKES.
5 to 2 against Lord Orford's Angelica colt.—t
3to 1 „ Mr. Houl4worth's Confederate.—t
sto 1 „ Lord G. Bentinck's Crucifix.—t & aft. off.
THE DERBY.
7 to 2 against Scott's lot.—take 4 to 1.
11 to 1 „ John Day's lot.—t
7to 1 „ Marquis of Westminisier's Launcelot.—
take 8 to 1.
8 to 1 Mr. Houldsworth's Confederate.—t
„
10 to 1 „ Ld. Orford's Angelica colt.—t
12 to 1 „ Duke of Cleveland's Theon.—t
20 to 1 Ld. Jersey's Muley Ishmael.—t. 25 to 1.
22 to 1 ~ Mr. Etwall's Melody colt.
25 to 1 Ld. Albemarle's Assassin
30 to 1 ~ Mr. Wreford's Wardan.—t
33 to 1,, Duke of Grafton's Ottoman.—t
40 to 1 ~ Col. Anson's Black Bess.—t
50 to 1 ~ Lord Exeter's Velvet colt.—t 1,000 to 15.
1000 to 15 „ Mr. .1. Gill's Prince Albert.—t
1000 to 15 ~ Lord Westminster's Maroon.—t
1000 to 15 „ Mr. Clarke's Benjamin.—t
1000 to 15 ~ Lord Eglington's Graysteel.—t
1001) to 12 ~ Mr. Eddison's The Ruler.—t
500 to 400 on Launcelot against Angelica colt (t); 400 to
100 against Confederate and Angelica colt (t); 2000 to 20
against Launcelot winning the Derby and St. Leger, and Cru-
cifix the Oaks (t); 25 to 1 against Launcelot and Crucifix
winning the Derby and Oaks (t).
THE OAKS.
12 to 1 against Mr. Fowler's Lalla Rookh.—t
18 to 1 „ Mr. Wigrain's Teleta.—t
20 to 1 „ Gen. Grosvenor's Diploma,
30 to 1 „ Mr. Osbaldesten's Belshazzar filly.—t
The regular racing season commences on Monday next, with
the Newmarket Craven Meeting ; there is a list promising an
average of four races a day. About 253 horses, from two
years old and urwards, are in training there, and at least 500
in different parts of the country, so that a brilliant season
may be anticipated.

EXTRAORDINARY Cow.—At Penrith, on Tuesday week,
Mr. Janes Speak, slaughtered a beast which weighed a few
pounds upwards of eighty.ttro stones ; the fat weighed
fourteen stones eleven pounds. When alive she was a
miracle, and almost all the judges in this part of the country
had been to see her. She was of the Galloway breed, nine
years old, and was bred and fed by Mr. Isaac Tallon, of the
Riggs, near Penrith ; she was also milked till within six
months of the time she was slaughtered. The beef was
prime and soon sold at Sd. per lb.—Carlisle Patriot.
DEPARTURE OF THE GREAT WESTERN. BRISTOL,
April D.—The Great Western sailed this evening for New
York, upon her second outward voyage, carrying with her 112
passengers, among whom are Mademoiselles Ellsler, the
celebrated dancers of the Italian Opera-house, Major Clayton,
the Hon. Mr. Methuen, Mr. R. Alsop, of the United States
Bank, Don Ferdinand Mangino, with despatches from the
Court of Spain, Count Lestapis, from France, Captain
Otway, R.N., Captain Byron, the Countess Merlin, and
Don Carlos de Zaldo. Detpatches to Canada and New
Brunswick are sent out by her, and she has a cargo of manu-
factured silks and general measurement goods, with several
thousand papers and letters. She does not, however, carry
out any specie.

And again on the Bth of August, in the same year :
" Your lordship will observe, and I am certain with con-
siderable regret, that the good which might be gained by the
observations of a judicious and impartial traveller, is, in the
case of Mr. Scoble, neutralized by the haste with which he
arrives at his conclusions, and, but too frequently, upon er-
roneous and inaccurate information."
Nor is Sir J. C. Smith singular in his opinions of Mr.
Scoble's qualifications. At the end of 1838, it appears he ac-
companied Mr. Ainstie and Captain Stuart to British Gui-
ana. Of his conduct there Governor Light speaks in the
following terms, in a dispatch to the Marquis of Normanby,
dated 6th May, 1838.
Mr. Scoble, and his companion Mr. Ainstie, are still here ;
of course, their object has been to watch with jealousy all
that is going on." This, surely, is not much in accordance
with his boasted Christian spirit, and argues very little in
favour of a dispassionate decision on the state of the coun-
try, and is very different from the course pursued by Mr.
Stuart, or, as he was designated, the Rev. Capt. Stewart, of
whom, in the same despatch, the governor says :
" If appearances and expressions previous to his departure
from this province are to be believed, Mr. Stuart was satisfied
that the labourer was as fairly treated by the great majority
of the planters as in any other free country, and that both
parties are in a fair way of understanding their mutual re-
lations."
So much for Mr. Scoble's title and capacity to become
an exclusive oracle in reference to this important question.
And here permit me to offer a few remarks upon the subject
generally, and to retain assumed facts in his letter specially.
Having for some time past devoted much time and attention
to colonial immigration, the importance of the subject has
forced itself upon me in a stronger point of view, and led me
to arrive at conclusions widely different from Mr. Scoble's,
and more conscnant to those of many able and talented
individuals who wrote upon the subject long before the pre-
sent scheme of immigration to the West Indies was proposed
—a scheme which, under proper government regulations,
cannot fail to be attended with the greatest benefits to the
emigrants, to the colonies, and to the mother country.
Mr. Scoble complains that " the planters of the West
Indies propose gigantic measures of emigration." Is this a
crime? Are there not gigantic measures of emigration pro-
posed in this country to all our colonies, east, west, north,
and south? Does he not himself advocate gigantic schemes
for growing cotton in Africa and the East? Why, then, in
the name of reason and justice, should the West India colo-
nies, the most valuable and accessible of all, where the
labourers would command ample remuneration, particularly
in Guiana, Trinidad, and Jamaica—why, I ask, should they
be invidiously excluded from the benefit of these measures ?
The remark of his grace the Duke of Wellington, that
" Great Britain could not engage in a little war," bears
directly, in fact, upon the point ; and I have no doubt all but
little-minded men will agree that immigration, to be generally
beneficial to all concerned, cannot be carried on in a little
peddling spirit.
Dr. Hancock, a very able and talented medical gentleman,
who had lived twenty-four years in British Guiana, (and who,
his own words prove, could not have been one of the hired
band of editors,) on his return to this country published, in
1835, a very valuable and important pamphlet, " On the
climate, soil, and productions of British Guiana, and the
advantages of emigration to that colony." In the introduc-
tion he observes,

' Although,' as Pope says,—
' Self-love, the spring of actions, moves the soul,
the author has not, in drawing up the following remarks
had any other object in view than that of directing public
attention to one of the most desirable countries on the globe
for colonization, in order to relieve the sufferings of the poor
—to excite travellers and colonists to examine the hidden
treasures unexplored, and thus to extend the boundaries of
science, of commerce, manufactures, and all that of peace."
p. vi.
He subsequently says—
•` National wealth and power have ever been found to in-
crease with the accession of colonies, and to decline in pro-
portion as these fall off; history abundantly testifies to these
facts ; and that of ancient Rome especially. In later times
the colonial possessions of Spain have, from bad management,
nearly all been lost, and her foreign commerce, which for-
merly extended over the globe, is thereby almost annihilated.
Napoleon Buonaparte, with his forty millions of subjects,
became fully sensible that nothing but ships. colonies, and
commerce, could enable him to cope with the power of Great
Britain." p. 3.

Again—
" I may here quote a few words from a- well-written pam-
phlet on emigration :—` From various causes, the fields of
employment have become crowded, and the labouring classes
are looking about for more room and better means of sub-
sistence ; emigration, under such an impulse, resembles a
stream from an overflowing fountain, which may be guided,
but cannot be stopped." p. 3-4.
In a subsequent page the following judicious remarks are
particularly striking :
" Most planters have considered the labour of slaves to be
indispensable to successful cultivation in the coast; and with
reason, perhaps, as heretofore conducted. It is certain, in-
deed. that the cultivation of the coast cannot be continued
unless it be by the means suggested—by the introduction of
emigrants, and the useof animal labour. In proof of this we
might instance the Island of Hayti, where, notwithstanding
the endeavours of despotic chiefs, the cultivation has so de-
clined, that there is not now a sufficiency of sugar produced
for the use of the inhabitants."—p. 6.
Many extracts could he made from this able pamphlet to
show the advantages of emigration to British Guiana, but
have already trespassed too much upon your attention, and
therefore enclose the work itself, particularly directing your
attention to the remarks (quoted by Dr. Hancock) of William
Penn, Talleyrand, :the late Chancellor of England, Baron de
Humboldt, and Abbe de Pradt.
One other observation is, however, too valuable to be
omitted :
"Throughout this rich and beautiful country," the author
says, " the great rivers Essepuibo, Demerara, Berbice, Cou-
rantine, &c., afford an easy transit to the higher lands,
whence roads and canals may be opened to any other part of
the interior. If, then, the government and people of this
country desire to render the greatest possible aid to destitute
families, to introduce the benefits of civilization among the
native tribes, and at the same time to assist the planters in
forming colonies truly valuable, they will not he backward, I
presume, in rendering the necessary aid for effecting objects
so desirable."—p. 14.
This evidence may, perhaps, appear to be derived from a
partial witness ; let us then bear Mr. Scobie himself, who in
a lecture delivered in Philadelphia, United States, makes the
following confirmatory remarks, on the truth and accuracy
of which I am willing to rest the expediency of emigration to
British Guiana.
_

" British Guiana," he says, " is a colony on the coast of
South America, and one which will ere long rival, in its wealth
and population, the state of New York. It is capable of
sustaining a population of forty millions, though the actual
number of the inhabitants is now only about a hundred
thousand. It possesses an inexhaustible soil of amazing
fertility and depth ; it has been ascertained by actual mea-
surement, that in some places the rich alluvial compost
extends to the depth of one hundred and forty feet. There
are those fields of cane which have been kept up by a process
called rattoning' from forty, fifty, sixty, and seventy years.
It is only necessary to thrust the top of the cane into the soil
when it springs up, and spontaneously yields the richest
produce. This is the province called Demerara."
I will not spoil this passage by a single observation.
To return, however, to the letter under consideration ;
it is there affirmed that, notwithstanding the outcries of the
West India body to the contrary, they never were in a state
of greater pfosperity than at the present moment. If dimi-
nished crops, increased expenditure, the entire abandonment
of many estates, the loss of hundreds of acres of cultivation
on others, the excess of expenditure over the revenue by
which the proprietors of many are deeply embarrassed, be
marks of prosperity, Mr. Scoble is correct. But if, as I
believe, they are indications of decay, and portentous of
ruin, I do not envy that obliquityof mind which could hazard
such an astounding paradox in the face of officially recog-
nized documents proving the contrary.
If our commerce or shipping has not materially and ob-
viously declined, whence does it arise that, in the port of
British Guiana alone, where formerly a fleet of seventy or
eighty sail of merchantmen were constantly found, and the
merry song of the sailor at the capstan continually rose on
the breeze, hut sixteen or eighteen are now to be seen, and
many of these, instead of rich freights of sugar, coffee, cotton,
rum, and molasses, clear out in sand or mud for ballast, and
seek in foreign slave states those productions which our
neglected
Scoble coloniesguepronafford.
theßritish public as stultified
mus must look
to an unparalleled extent when lie expects them to believe
that there is but a slight diminution in the amount of sugar
exported from the emancipated colonies, and that they are
in a more prosperous state than ever. What says Lord John
Russell upon this head, in his despatch to Governor Light,
dated February 15, 1840 :
tors of British Gui-
ana, are at issue with the planter proprietors question on which
I will not at present enter into the qup
or the reverse. The decline of produce sana, namely, whether the colony is at this moment pros-
perous,iunques-
tionable. The return appended to your despatch of 15th
October, 1839, shows a decrease on the quarter, from 6th
July to 10th October as compared with 1831, 1832, 1833, in
sugar, of 7,259 hogsheads ; rum, of 2,014 puncheons ; mo-
lasses, 7,309 hogsheads. But in coffee the decrease is still
more remarkable, being a decline from 1,618,228 pounds to
346,350, or more than three-fourths of the whole production
of former years."

ultimo, o
The statement of
West India merchants, in their me-
morial of the 17th
follows i—
" The deficiency in the i s as
last year's crops, in Demerara
alone, exclusive of Berbice
£930,000." Some part of thiswr shown. to be no less than
eclin. e may be owing, as you
, but no doubt can exist
assert, to the lateness of the sea
off in the quantity of
as to the fact of a remarkable falling
produce during the first year of frelendgo
at
11-ee- from
t ay.
British Guiana for
Nor is this the only evidence, for itmap.ne appears from
epaarrsliao;
parlia-
mentary paper that the average crops or
six years, viz., 1831, 1832, and 1833, being
slavery ; and 1835, 1836, and 1837, being years of
the apprenticeship system, was, 62,195 hogshea't
whilst the crop of 1838 was 52,531, being a diminutionof sugar ;
of
9,664 hogsheads ; and the falling off is still more remarkable,
when we come to compare the crop of 1839.
The average as above of the six years is, 62,195 hogshead
whereas the crop of 1839 has only reached 29,729, exhibiting'
the alarming deficiency of 32,266 hogsheads ; and this, not-

" It certainly is most advisable to make the registry con-
clusive for a year, and not leave it in the power of commit-
tees of this house to determine upon the validity of votes
as they please, or as it may suit them—sometimes one way
and sometimes another—forgetting altogether the solemn
sanction under which their decisions are made. This will,
however, be put an end to by a final appeal as to the right to
vote to THE JUDGES. I trust the bill will be permitted to
go into committee. It is a measure calculated to save the
expense and inconvenience of scrutinising votes before an
election committee. The principle of the bill has been ap-
proved of by gentlemen at both sides of the house."
Where was your " bag" then, Mr. Maguire ? You never
dreamt of shaking the fox of Darrynane over Kingstown
Pier, though the scent of an annual revision and appeal to
the judges has been breast high after him, in every cover he
has frequented these last five years. Your bag then went the
rounds with the wallet itself, and if any hunger-pinched
peasant hesitated whether lie should hand his penny or his
halfpenny to the potato-dealer to purchase food for his
children, or to the rank mendicant in whose odour of annual
revisions and appeals to the judges you then rejoiced, there
was no man readier than yourself to exhort him to a pa-
triotic starvation for the sake of the vast advantages your
common country would derive from an annual settlement of
the registry, and from a final appeal to the judges. Is not
Mr. O'Connell struggling for your rights? Is not Mr.
O'Connell sustaining the first English ministry that ever
showed a disposition to serve Ireland? Has he not sacrificed
ten thousand a year clear income to devote himself to the
amelioration of your condition? See here the boon he and
her Majesty's ministers are preparing for you—an annual
settlement of the registries, a conclusive mode of appeal—an
inestimable benefit surely to the poor voter !!
There was no talk then of three millions of teetotallers to
resist this atrocious measure. No,• the millions were ex-
horted to be meek as church mice, lest any exhibition of
popular excitement might furnish an argument to the tones
against this "healing measure" of annual registry, revises,
and conclusive appeals to the judges !
It is in vain for the government press to endeavour to dis-
guise it. There are the newspapers of the day : there is the
Mirror of Parliament ; there are the printed papers and
votes of the house, and turn to which of them you please,
there is the damning fact that her Majesty's ministers, and
Mr. O'Connell, and his whole party, in 1835, and three
times since, supported and urged forward a measure contain-
ing provisions absolutely identical with those which they now,
out of mere personal hostility to Lord Stanley, and hate and
fear of his party, resist unguibus et pedibus. W'nat can be
more disgraceful to a government than such a plea from its
advocate as this, put forward by the Morning Chronicle of
Monday :

" The very fact that Lord Stanley was the father of the
bill should have mustered the representatives of the Irish
people in all their force to expose and to defeat it."
And this is from a print which pretends to discuss political
questions philosophically and upon their merits. And what
is the excuse ?—why this, forsooth—
" Mark the language of the Dublin Evening Mail, the
most influential and intelligent of the Irish tory journals.
The Irish reform bzll was a revolution. This bill rgforms
the reform bill."
The bill will reform the reform bill ; and if the reform bill
need reform in its details—and that of Lord Stanley while
affecting such reform preserves the principle to the- letter,
why should it not ? If the reform bill which this very advo-
cate of ministers is so eager to reform in other respects have,
in some of its clauses, and their mode of operation, been so
constructed as to leave open a wide door to perjury and mis-
representation in Ireland, why should it not be reformed
in that respect as well as in its other provisions, which this
very journ'J of the government is so eager to have amended,
and extended, and reformed ?

Let every thing that is wrong be reformed, say we. Is
perjury right? Is falsification right ? is the polling of dead
men right? Let the Morning Chronicle shew that ; and it
may then object to reforming these abuses of the Irish re-
form bill. Is it denied that the Irish reform bill requires
alteration ? Mr. O'Connell, in the commencement of his
speech yesterday, speaks as follows :
" The situation of Lord Stanley is one of considerable ad-
vantage ; there is no denying it. The evils of the reform
bill, which, there is no doubt, are many, give him great ad-
vantages. There were many evils connected with the regis-
try, and attempts had been made from time to time to abolish
some of those evils by the government. One of these bills
got through the House of Commons."
This, we consider, settles the question.
But really it is only with Mr. O'Oonnell and his clique,
whose very existence deuends upon agitation, that this bill
is exciting any ferment. There is not a conscientious, or a
well-thinking, or a sound-judging person in
.Ireland who is
not aware of, and who does not deplore, the flagrant villai-
nies to which the present mode of registry gives rise, and
which it tends to encourage. We perceive that even in
Mayo, the high sheriff has refused to convene a meeting of
his bailiwick for the purpose of petitioning against it, as will
be seen by the following, from the Mayo Constitution :
" It seems (says our cotemporary) that certain worthies
who have been manufacturing a requisition to call a meeting,
for the purpose of petitioning against Lord Stanley's bill,
have had the impudence to ask the high sheriff, Colonel
Gore, to convene a meeting for them. Really this is a piece
of presumption whose parallel we have not seen for some
time. For what did the requisitionists take the high sheriff?
Or what has he done that they should expect him to aid. in
upholding fraud and perjury ? What an opinion they must
have had of this gentleman, to think that he would comply
with their request—and assist them in their good work. But
he has undeceived them—if they ever once imagined that
he would be their tool ; he has refused to convene -a meeting
—or to give his assent to the bad and infamous practices
which are sought, so much against the faction's wish to be
prevented, No matter—the • county will meet.' Aye will
it—the priests and their allies will get together—publish re-
solutions and a petition—and say, or swear, if you like, they
were all agreed to at a county meeting, ' numerous and re-
spectable. But will the country—will the legislature—be
deceived ? No, indeed, the trick has been too often ex-
posed—it is too stale."

Oatmeal, on the contrary, was more neglected than usual,
but without any material..ch{tnge in prices.
