that it may have its full weight in apologising for the defalcations
of the public revenue when he brings his financial statement
before Parliament: The measure has been tried in the most
,advantageous -circumstances 'in which it could:have been in-

troduced. since the passing-of
,the Reform Bill. The death of
the King, the accession of the. Queen, the new election, the
rebellion in Canada, the discussions in and out of Parliament.
the anti-slavery and anti-endowment agitation, and numberless
'tither topics, general and local, having in the meantime been
subjects of inviting newspaper interest. But with all these
-. inducements, the increase in the consumpt has borne but a
f, small proportion to the decrease in the tax ; and the friends o
the measure cannot flatter themseidres that it•has been at a
successful, either as regards the revenue or the public."

EETING OF WAREHOUSE OWNERS.—We this day
present to our readers a 'Copious report of the important
''- proceedings at. the meeting' of -warehOuse owners held
yesterday. We regret that our space will not permit us
to enter at preseninpon any minute analysis of the argu-
ment brought forward in opposition to the 'project of the
Dock Committee. The several speeches delivered at the
meeting will amply repay the trouble of perusal. They
abound in statistical details bearing upon the question,
and 'embody the mature views and practical deductions of
some of the most intelligent and experienced gentlemen
in Liverpool-. In fact, we do not see how the statements
:' brought--forward yesterday can possibly be met by the
unadvotates of 'the Dock Ginirnittee scheme. Tile .sapient
.0011dermen and ,hiquacions conneillors, who -have already
,oinnteered•a fttstification. of 'that scheme, Will find that
to tvery-,position which they have assumed is untenable,
tl:and that :their:empty •rteclamation upon the subject is
._emnpletelv.over-bornehy the force of reasoning and by
au unanswerable appeal to facts. it has been proved, as
will be perceived upon reference to our report, that the'
aggregate loss. to the publiefrom:the erection of the pro-
posed warehouses-On the Dock Quays will be far greater
than any'-saving that can be possibly • effected by the
avoidance of cartage, -&c. This. we consider to be at
once- conclusive; and..more especially- snwhen consi-
zlier upon Wthcrtrrthe •Thtis Would chiefly fall. The classes
•who.wouldbe.,injured by-the contemplated scheme would
be, ten timec more numerous than-those among whom the
-saving would be divided ; and many of those classes must

be considered as entirely dependent for their daily sup-
,: port upon the emolument arising from warehouse pro-
.,perty..How many widows•and orphans, now in receipt
..-pta bare competency from this kind of *property, would
~beTeduced to a state of comparative penury by the un-
reasonable competition of -the-Dock Trustees? Let 'us
:11ope_that justice and mercy will triumph over selfish in-
terest and unfounded prejudices.

NATIONAL LOAN FUND AND LIFE ASSURANCE
• - SOCIETY.

The public is ninrf:,deeply interested, than it.is at :all aware
of, in the iealous efforts.; of the distinguished founders of the
National Loan Ftind and Life Assurance Society. In the suc-

-Cess.Of this. vast fi;nject, 'We can clearly' perceive the seeds of a
rich harvest Of popnlarcornfort--Lthe germs of asocial and moral
tieg-6itratiorr, the influence of WhiCh will in time pervade the
..hurnblest•hovel iutthe laud. We believe it is now some months
since we directed- public, attention to the prospectus; published
by the able chairman and original Foundet.of the Institution,
Mr. T. Lamle .111UiT'av, when we'stated that the whole scheme
was by no means perfected, although it offered, to persons of
AiMited"income, inducements to the forming of provldential
liabits'neveF before held out to them. We have now the outline
9f the complete:plan before us, -and -never -was there a project
submitted to us so well calculated to benefit the humbler classei
,of society. The principal inducements which it offers to prudent
and economical ha.bit!,among the working classes are the fol-
lowing :—A person insiiring his life for any sum, no matter bow

small, say from twenty years of age, may at the age of fifty, fifty_
fiik& five, or sixty; exchange it for a fixed annuity, to be paid to him
• during hiagife.;:lar: he may except in lieu thereof a fixed sum of
money propOrtioned to the amount of his past payments, and
not to the actual. market price of his policy; or he may at any
time, by depositing his policy with the society, borrow upon it
two-thirds of nieey he may have paid into the society
-withatit'dtf-natiCtO'his interest in such policy; or, in the event
of hit deaK2a the-money he may have paid into
the societ4ls to his friends or executors, for
theibenetii.nt-his family dr legal•heirs. To suit the convenience
a:=0110 Fleet theneeessities of the humblest classes, the payments
tiffe.o 9!1 kes,ntay be made weekly, monthly, quarterly, or 4.k.1 q
annual( ;„at „elt the poorest may not be without a hope of
finteianetiteir Condition, payments upon policies net exceeding
sixpence weekly are ('OutOalkted!. Now there are very few
labouring men who—were they to frequent the beer-shops and
public-bouses less than they now do, to the ruin of their health,
their morals, and then- families—Might not pay into such an
Institution from a shilling to half a-crown weekly. This saving
Would amount to an .independencein. old ,age. A. labourer aged
twenty-three, by the payment of a shilling a week out of his
earnings, Would nn reaching, the age of fifty,•find himself in
poss.essionof an annuity of £8 16s 3d. for the remainder of his
li, e, which it would be optional with him to exchange for £1.13 6s
ifi money; This sum would pay the rent of his cottage, and
ettable him to pass the rest of his days with a comparative degree
of comfort. A weekly payment of sixpence would .produce.half
the.henefit ;, a payment of,two shillings would double it—and so
0h in proportion. Let it be remembered that the advantages
he,l4 out by this Institution belong as a matter of absolute right
td4he assured, and its immense superiority to Savings Banks
And .Benefit Societies, as an engine for the moral improiement
of the people, will be at once perceptible. This society lays no
to the merits of a charitable Institution, carried on under
the-managernent of a Committee of self-sacrificing philanthro-
pists: It does not affect to be guided by any principles but those
'of trade, add. its relations with the public will be -purely of a
commercial character. It will not, like the Saving Bank, refuse
N or man's earniues; because they may, have accumulated
to soinethirkg motiethitn ionic' pay ,a rich ma_ it's glover's bill for
•
year; neither will it, likethe Trustees of a Benefi!Ciub, in
stitate wny'iliitPry, should tie. assured .require a loan to the
amount of two-thirds of his payments. The following Notes to
the " Table:of Deferred -A nnuitles,- which have been pub-
lished by' Mr, Murray, the Chairiaan, will place 'the several
advantageS offered to the labourer, [fie merchant, and the capi-
talist, by the Loan Fund Society, in axclear a light as it is pos-
sible to put theta:7.
" A person, aged 23, by the payinelit of ls. per week, or
;-t 2 12s. per annum, will secure; on attainitijohe age of 50, the
option of an annuity-0f.48 .16s. 3d., cashidown £ll2 Gs , or a
Policy on his life fur £l7Bls.
• -" By one-halfthe-paYident, that is .61 per Week,' orEl 6s. per
.4nnutn, he will secure the.option of half the benefits: .By five
• limes the payment, he will be entitled to the optiodof five times
the benefits; and the iame.ma'y be- extended to any other pro-
Portion. (All premiums to terminate with the period.) Two-
thirds of the payment's may at any time be withdrawn on de-
Posit 'of the policy; and should the Party not survive, two-
tilitchi.agAtiK.,pasinents will be returned to his representatives."
The sufaftlifeeherfthis•note has been given above, but its re-
Petition will serve to...rernoge?o.lltdeu,bts: as to. the correctness
with which we have given the Soclit?'VfM*l:4;ill944titlie
• • A 'persOn, aged 24, may secare, on.attafning the age 4iftbtAllStlte
Psilonof an annuity of £lO, cash down £l2B Ils., or a policy-0W
lite for £2C2 Is. '6d., by the annual payment 'of £3 35., or a
sipoo payMent
ge of £49 Bs.; or bv payment of Ell Os. Id. for
disparity of a.. he-will be entitled to the same benefits by-the
Name annual payment as, for. the age of 20, viz., £2 9s. per
annum.
An annuity of £5O, or :five times the other-benefits, may be
secured by fiye, times the payment; and, in like manner, any
other annuity and corresponding benefits may be purchased by
Making the Payment accordingly.A
persdri,. aged 25, by the :payment of £2 12s. per_ annum;
will sethire, on allaining the age. of 55, the option ofan Annuity(
•11X.12 9s.,74;s•Caah'ilOwnalats.; or a Policy On his' life for''
2t.k) ls._
A. oerson'age42s," may secure on attaining the age ot 55, an,
atiluky 4:4 TlO, with. ttiVothirbPlionS,' by-the annual Payirietit
q-4:2,1,5..pd, or a single payrnent,t4434-110,1.k....3d:..1; or..on,pay-•
mentol B'.lBs. 4d. for di: parity, he will be entitled to the same;
benefits by an-annual payment of £1 'Hs.; the sathe Tor
'Ne2O, , • • • • •-'7
.4 Periori,. aged:l2s, by the payment
.of £2.125. per annum,
will 'secure Onattaming ilce'dge of 60, the option of an at-molly
113, ; .caah,dnwu. £202 IS.; or xpoliepon his lice for
259.19.5. • • ific- Aper6n,. azed 26,-inay secure, on -atta. ng the age of Go,
444nu4t- of £lO, with the other options,l-by the annual pay-
Inent„f 6s. 9,1., or a single payment of_. 22. 17s. 3d.; or. on
Pa)artent•of" 14s. 3d: fordiiparity, be will lie entitled to the
sOnWbenetits by ad animal payment of 18s. 11d., the same as
•
‘l'../WK-kri, aged '23, by the 'payment £2 12s, per annum, will
• illtei-ei op, attaining. the age °Ufa,. the bption of an annuity of
10 88.
'4393 152 d. • cash down, £333 7s. ; or a policy, ou his life for
s,
eperion, aged 30; may. secure, on attaining the age of 65,
4nnuity of £lO, with the other options, by the annual pay-
ent of I9s. 6d.", or a simple payment of £l67s. 14.; or on pay-
-1„elltfor disparity, he will he entitled to the same
„`-nefits by an annual payment of 10i. Ild. a; the same as fOr
'ee 20: ' • .
1.1-ise are advantages such as are not to be met with by pei-7
8711'in an homble, or even a moderately respectable walk of
11
e! in any Assurance-office, Savings'-bank, or Benefit-society
:flt established. Extend it so-as to include the great majority
the labouring population, and we shall hear ho more abOut
"1 anarchical designs 'of the working classes. The moment the
intei
I"rl'ing
11 ma is made to fl that he has an est in the
a'ntenatiren of 'establishedee institutionv—that revolutionary
,t`t:'rehy,' Or national bankrUptcy, threatens the lois of the little
I,2lnity to which his Parents, his friends, and his family, have
turn ard for So many years—from that moment may
tit
1t t tfe rely.up.on the holies 7,4111 of his endeavour's to keep
,7,1' and preserve' its tranquillity: . The best antidote
qt revolution is the difFu.ion of a feeling of individual in:.
"'Pondo - • • • •
nee, haying -chnstatitty in-- view the certainty of 'the
""'Atis ya'
denyLi,t,..a.t • 1•.•1 .1 ; • 1, - 'iiig SO v. tir,lFt C.l t,on. in« pen
-
tons' i"n'te's'`AqTßM Afirirqr

MEETING OF THE
WAREHOUSE AND LAND ASSOCIATION.

Yesterday, at one o'clock, a meeting of the owners of land
and warehouses, and others interested, was held at the Cla ten-
don-rooms, South John-street, " to adopt measures to oppose
the resolution of the-Dock Committee, relative to'the bull iii:
Of warehouses on the verge of the docks." Therneeting was
very numerously attended by the warehouse holders and laud
owners of the town.
Soon after one o'clock Mr. Jamei Brancker was moved into
the chair.
. ' The Crialaiszasrthen said—Gentlemen, as the object of the
meeting is pretty well understood by all the gentlemen here,
there is no occasion to enter. into any long arguments on the
subject. I believe there are some motions prepared, and sortie
gentlemen have observations to make. The Chairman then
celled upon Mr. Boothby; but Mr. Boothby not having arrived,
Mr.' BUSHBY said, it had- been intended that Mr. Boothby
should move, the first resoltition "That the committee be fully
authorised to oppose auy bill which the Dock Trustees may
bring before Parliament, having for its object the building of
warehouses on the verge of the docks." Mr. Bushby continued
—lt was not my intention to have obtruded myself upon the
meeting, but feeling the absolute necessity of contradicting some
statements which have been made by the .promoters of the,mea-
sure in contemplation by the Dock Committee, and the inten-
tion of a friend of mine. well acquainted with the trade of the
town and the nature of the subject before the meeting, to come
forward publicly to express his opinions, which entirely coincide
with my own, .1 have been induced to make an endeavour to
answer some of the faliacious arguments which have been used
to induce the public to sanction a measure likely, if carried
into effect, to be ruinous to numerous individuals, as well
as the corporate estate of the town. And first, as to the
remark of the Deputy Chairman of the Dock Committee,
that the committee was desirous of erecting warehouses, "as. I
there was a great want of warehouses." Now, when it is.
notorious that- the warehouses in the town -have 'been nearly
half empty ter-Six months past—when for four years they have
scarcely lieett.futl—when rents tin proof of this assertion) have
fallen considerably—when new warehouses have- been'built .
anticipation of a deinand for them, so that no complaint has'
ever been _made during that time of a deficiency orroom 'for the
deposit of prmluce; when all these cousideraticias render it
quite palpable that the assertion 'of the Deputy Chairman is
incorrect, we much wonder that the dock committee should
ground their proceedings upon such a weak foundation. The
Assertion was, perhaps, made. in ignorance—but this cannot be
an excuse, because the dock committee avoided, receiving any
deputation from the warehouse committee, although the ware-
house committee requeited an interview, when; they would haVe
given. the dock committee such information as might have al-;
tered their views; the dock 'committee, however, decided the
great .question without affording the warehouse committee an
opportunity of being heard, but they positively sent an invita-
tion to the warehouse committee after the decision,
,inviting
them to a conftirence—a conference was then useless, and by
not admitting a deputation before the decision of the qUestion,
theirig,noranceas to the state oil he warehouses was a voluntary
ignorance, and.their neglect to hear the reasons which would have
been adduced in opposition to the measure, a very reprehensible
proceeding.—Next, the Deputy Chairman asserts, that there
is not a warehouse in Liverpool sufficiently light for examin-
ing indigo—that it could not be properly exhibited in the pre-
sent warehouses, and that consequently that trade was falling
off in Liverpool !! This is a tissue of very bold assertions.
`Will any one who looks at the noble range of warehouses oppo-
site to the Prince's Dock, and commanding a strong western
light, seriously say, that there is not light enough for the exa-
mination of indigo? Can any one with truth assert that those
warehouses' which have been fitted 'up for tea with glais windows
in every.room, would not be suitable- in every respect for the
storing of indigo. One would really think that the stock of in-
digo in this port was so large, that it was difficult to find suit-
able warehouses in wthich it could be
.deposited. And what is
actually the amount of the present stock? Why, not 300cliests,
and the import for five years has never in any one year been
more thin 2100 chests and 2700. serous, and the stock perhaps
never 1000 chests at any one time, not enough to fill one large
Warehouse. Can new warehouses be necessary for such a quan-
tity ? We contend that there are warehouses large enough,
and snitahlein every respect for skewing indigo, and therefore
that any new warehouses for that purpose are unnecessary. The
indigo trade has been long 'established in London; the greatim.-
porters live there, and London has every ad vantage of situation,
old connection, large dealers, and experienCe in the trade;
whereas, our trade is cOmparatively new, and it must-require
much timeto obtain an iacrease of the trade, but our contiguity
to the itanufactuting-d isfriets authcitises. us to expect an increase
of the trade as manufacture extends; but London ,presenting,
to the importer of indigo, two markets, the home alai-Con-,
tinental, will, 'most certainly, always have the preference of
this part of our. trade. He also asserts, that the London
and Yorkshire dealers were deterred from coming here
to buy indigo, on account of the insecurity of the present ware-
houses, their liability to pilferage, and their want of light. Now
it must be known to every one who has ever attended an Indigo
sale, that so far from this being the case, the sale is generally
well attended, and every chest sold at a fair market price, if the
holders choose to accept the value of the day. All these alleged
disadvantages of the warehouses, therefore, do not deter the
buyers of indigo from coming to this market. Another asser-
tion is, that the Yorkshire buyer would not pay £lO. per cent.
deposit, because he had no security for the safety of his deposit.
In reply, I must recal to the recollection of gentlemen, that
last year a great number of East India merchants entered
into a resolution that they would not deliver any goods be-
fore payment was made, and to require a deposit of 10 per
cent. at the time of the sale. This being an innovation
on the old custom, was resisted by the buyers, who contended
that at that perilous time they had as much right to refuse trust-
ing their money to the merchant, as the merchant had to refuse
trusting them with the goods. Altercation arose between buyer
and seller, and the new plan was at length abandoned.. The
refusal, therefore, of the buyers to pay the 10 per cent. deposit,
.did not arise from any fear about the warehouses, but from the
'refusal of the importers to give an order for the delivery of the
g4mds until the whole money be paid—the distrust between
buyer and seller at that period prevented the scheme being car-
effeet, and not the insecurity of the-warehouses—this
beeVideut, whets we reflect that immense advances of mo-
ney are constantly made on the faith of a warehouse-keeper's
accepted order,—and that this transfer of property is deemed a
sufficient security by men of business. The imputation, there-
fore, upon the security of the warehouses, as far its respects this
deposit, is an unproved assertion. Charges of pilferage have
also been. hrou,ght.forward as being an objection to the present
warehouses—that pilferage to a small extent may sometimes
take place must be admitted, but whet proof have we that pil-
ferage does not take. place also in tfie London Docks? None.
We know that until the nature of man is altered, thefts will
sometimes occur. Considering the vast amount of property
warehoused in Liverpool, the pilferage is so trifling as scarcely
to excite a complaint, and when we confider that the warehouse
keeper is responsible for any pilferage Where' due care is not
taken, and that a, custom-house offider keeps the keys of .the
warehouse, and must attend to see the goods delivered, we have
all the security which can reasonably be expected. It is assert-
ed, also, that the trade 'from the Brazils to Liverpool is dimi-
nished in consequence of our .present warehouses, and that it
would be much increased if we had warehouses such as they
have in :London. Well, let us see what an immense import has
been attracted to London by their envied warehouses. Why,
"last year they imported 4500 chests and 5800 barrels ; and in
Liverpool, trifling as our import was, it amounted to 2300
chests, which is a moiety of the number of chests imported into
London. As much has been said on the advantage which the
Brazil houses would have if these warehouses were built by the
Dock Trustees, we may remark that, if they were to charge the
rent which they ought to do, and which must be Charged on
Brazil Sugar, as well as on other goads, if the warehouses were
let to individuals, the Brazil importer would losemore by the
rent than he would save by the cartage. Is it not cle-ar,•that as
long as Foreign sugars are subject to a prohibitory duty, and
the English refiner is trammelled by restrictions which prevent
his competing with the Foreign refiner, hat Foieign Sugar will
naturally go to the Continent, the place of. its consumption,
without coining round by Liverpool (except rarely) to incur all
Ihn expenses of landing -and transhipment:. Besides, London
has local advantages of which we cannot' deprive her. She is
so.contiguous to Hainburgh and Holland, that we cannot ac-
quire the advantages_ which she. possesses in
spoint of despatch,
freight, and insurance of goods shipped from London to Ham-
burgh—hence the command of the continental trade must con-
tinue principally with London, and our distance from Ham-
burgh-must continue to prevent our successfully competing with
London, even if we had warehousti built agreeably to the Dock
Trustees' plan. The same argument would apply to Indigo, Fo-
reign Coffee, and other produce which is imported into England
for the purpose of transhipment to the •Continent. • Having,
now, I-trust, removed the objection to the present warehouses,
I will proceed to the other points connected with the question.
The Dock Trustees say they intend to. erect fifteen warehouses
only, and that this is too small a number to cause any alarm,
,for if they did not build them, some private individual would
build an equal
,number.yards,
whichTh s
is
These fifteeneua
twoatrheihrot
yu sme so
daerrea
tteo
sci
zoend-
ta in 35,000 square3d
warehouses of six stories high. Now, these fifteen dock ware-
houses will always be full; it is notorious that the present ware-
houses have been half empty, for six months, and what would
have been their state, had produce coveting 85,000 square yards
been withdraWn from than, and -housed in the dock warehouses,
which wotikl have been the case if they had been now in exis-
tence? .WesejnliViduals to erect.these fifteen warehouses the
case would he ijery,different, they would have to buyoo square the land,
which would' prebablY sell, ft'r £lOO,OOO, as 17,5
would 'come to nearly the
oustthe .£lOO,OOO : thus these
amount; yards, t: fiaVnedg e.ab kti
jam. si crzsa r emlArt
warehouses would cost, when built,::£2oo,ooo which moist
let _for- £lo,ooo' per. annum, to 'pay hie'per vent, interest,
'ocriaore than £650 per annum for each warehonse, which
wotild be it • gOo4,•security 'to general '',warehtiiiSe
..owtters
that these fifteen warehouses Would 'not be: toiderleb and there-
would be a fair competition between all warehouse -property..
.Should the. Dock Trustees become the buildersand owners of
these fifteen warehouses,, what security have we that they 'Will
tiot'let them for half price, and thus injure all other warehouSe
property in the' toivir?—because it will affect the rate of rentS.
We do not think it fair that such a bOdyshould have such power
to depreciate the value of an immense property held by other
warehouse Owners.-- It is evident that the rate of -rent mastibe
dependent eetirely upon the discretion of the Dock Trustees; •and
is that a sufficient security to the owners of the other warehouse
property of thdi town.? -,Can it be maintained that 'the building
of these warehouses would not be a.preach of public faith, at-
lhough no sealed document can be produced which 'binds them not
to build ?. But that such a public faith has grown up cannot be
denied, and the consequence of the shock which has been given
to public opinion, by the late resolution olthe Dock Committee,
may be seen by the depreciation in the price of land contiguous
to the docks, and suitable for building warehouses Upon. Let
the valuation of such land be note made, and compare it with
the valuation of a few months back, and I feel Confident that
lodenkeyer Trustees ha ve.
the difference •would be immense. Thik circumstance shows
what was the general confidence in the non-interference '
of the
Dock Trustees, and that a kind of deception hits been practised
had the would
upOn the purchasersof corporationliavnetnls,h w
given the prices which they have given
ever announced the intention of themselves becoming builders
of warehousei. At they state that they mar want more dock
room, let them adopt the plan which has been suggested to the
trustees by one of their own body, who clearly shows, by a pro-
per arrangement the present dock space is sufficient to accom-
modate all the shipping frequenting the port. He shows that the
average number of square-rigged; ships at any time, in the port
does not exceed about 570, and that. there is at present dock
space for 850. If at any time complaint is made of a want of
docks, it:Will he found to apply only to two of the favourite
docks, and.if the trustees would examine. the power which I be-
lieve tbey possess, of dispersing the Vessels over the different
docks, that at all times the present accommodation would be
found.sufficient; but let them enlarge the Princes. Dock, and
convert the basin into half-tide docks, and additional accommo-
dation, perhaps to the extent of 250 or 300 vessels, which the
present unoccupied space in the dock will.give•room for nearly.
500 vessels more than on an average are in the port. Fire has,
been dwelt upon ; bUtit has been answered, that in case of fife'
the vessels might haul off to the other side. Suppose the dock'
to he full, :how are they then to bent off? and they could not ,
haul off except at high water; and in the event- of fire the most
dreadful consequences would ensue. The despatch given to the .1
discharge of vessels in London has been urgcd,as one of, the I
ns for our ationting:the same system. Oil° w(5410
e of the sluivest.pOrts 'of the king

ne that'LiO-rp6ol sot

dom in the discharge ot vessels, and yet is if not notorious that
the Americapackets,ihaye generally been celebrated for their
; but I-believe some•
g•cnileinag at theanectirig,,Will enumerate instances of grept rtes-
ti-etch disOhargitof vessel?, showing.that with proper or-
rangenieuts by [tor merchants; on quay and on hoard their ships;
every .despatch requireXmay be obtailled. We admit- that. des-
patch in the discharge of ships us desirable, that it is a
question not necessarily •.cennected with the building of new
warehouses. The delay arises from other causes—from the,en-
trues not being passed in proper tune at the Custoin.house—
from the want of more landeaiters, where there is a large in-
flux of vessels—from the limited number of working hours
allowed by the Custom-house, and from the clumsy tackle used
intlis.cliarging the goods. • These are the causes of delay, and
nut any want of warehouses, for it will not be pretended, that
'when goods are once landed on the quay; that there are not carts
enough, to take them away.as fast as landed. Great •inconve-
nience arises frein the length of time which outwar&bound
vessels are allowed to occupy quay berths during their progress
of loading; to remove this objection, let ashed be built on the
west side of Prince's Dock, for the reception of goods intended
to be shipped on board vessels loading in that dock; when
about half the cargo is stored in the shed, the vessel may haul
opposite to that part where the goods are deposited, and after
taking them on board, haul off to make room fur another vessel;
by this mode, vessels loading will not require one-fourth of the
quay room which they now occupy.
The dock trustees should negociate with the Custom-house
for au alteration in the attendance of the latidwaiters, both as
to hours and number of officers, and it .should be considered
whether some remuneration should not be made per package to
the landwaiter, to stimulate his exertion in discharging the
vessel quickly—it should be made his interest to discharge the
vessel rapidly—at present, the industrious and indolent officer
aye,equally rewarded. Then, as to some improvement in the
construction of private warehouses, let the corporation have
plans of warehouses drawn by their Own surveyor, contbiniug
every advantage of size, light, and every other accomrhodation
which they may think rcquisite, and let them,offeroiiiiitillO'ts of
:their -land by auction, :in. suitable situations.- neTeellie-docks,
adapted. for the warehouses. Let th 4 41e be, that
11)e-buyer:shall &Aid aecording to 7tVatf'sreViir's 'plan—thus
will the dock trustees enatile:theperfth ifeirtfie that desCription
of warehouse which 164' reeomme4ao strongly. In proposing
that private individuals shall build acecirdinte to the corporation
plan; it must 'be -agre,:d that "neieher thE deck 'trustees nor the
corporation shall themselves build wate.houseS, otherwise so
few, if any individuals would- venture tai litirclase 'and build on
the corporation plan.
If the warehouses are to be built -on' the very brink of the
docks, so as to allow nn quay room, how are vessels to be dis-
charged when the warehouses are full ?
Having now replied to•the different arguments of the advo-
cates of this projected plan, and having, I trust, proved that
the building of these warehouses is unnecessary. I think just
cause has been shown why the measure should be oppOsed iu
.parliament.
Mr. Was. EA RI.R, Jun.—l would ask Mr. Bushby, if in his
endeavours to ascertain points, if he has ever found this mei-
sure in contemplation by the old corporation ? There were
some very laborious exertions took place, I recollect some mer-
chants of Liverpool Made great exertions.
Mr. BUSHBY—Mr.•tiorridge presided on that occasion, and I
have made inquiries fur him to get the papers relative to it, bat
have not succeeded.
Mr. MONTGOMSISY—I was one of the committee, and resolu-
tions were entered into on that occasion to oppose the measure.
Mr. HARBORD—I would beg to state also that a Mr. flume,
connected with the Board of Trade, a great advocate for bonded
warehouses, and who has advocated the principle in London; a
short time afterwards:when it was determined that these ware-
houses should not be built, a gentle Man. took him round the
docks, and he said after seeing such an immense mass of ware-
house property, he should never open his mouth upon the sub-
ject again. .
Mr.MosiTomEar. —ln 'consequence of what Mr. Hume said,
thelvarehouses were altered to the bonding system, and it Was
agieed that all warehouses -built 'within 600 yards of the docks
sliouldhavelheadvantageof the beading, system...lnconsequence
of that agreement, a number of individuals embarked an ins.
Mensri stun in the erection • of .warehouses on the faith of that
promise.
Mr. BiakETT—l believe.the papers were left with Mr. Hol-
linshead, the chairman.
Mr. MoNToomitur begg,ed to second Mr. Bushby's motion.
The CHAIRMAN put the resolution, which was unanimously
adopted.
Mr, lIILArd begged to move that for the intrpose of defray-
ing., ,
o the necessary, expenses, a subscription e now entered into,
and placed iu the bank of Arthur. Heywood & Co. subject to the
resolution of the committee.
Mr. Was. ARLE—I should beg before that is passed to know
in what way the subscription is to be raised, because 1 under-
derstand that sonic gentlemen last time refused to subscribe a
guinea for the expenses of the room. It is unfair to pay for those
who don't choose to pay. lam quite willing to pay my share.
Mr. lat.ast —A very trilling rate would do it.
Mr. EA Itt,s-But trifling as it is, 1 think if they will not come
forward with their guinea, they will not pay.
Mr. H ARBOR D-1 beg to say, as treasurer, that I received
sufficient to pay all expenses; and I have been also spoken to
by many of the warehouse proprietors, and many of them have
consented to subscribe 5 per cent. upon the rental, but I should
think if we subcribe'3 per cent. it will be sufficient.
Mr. MONTGOMEH Y. —What would three per cent raise?
Mr. HoLrec.—lt would produce £7200.
Mr. MoNTGomEar.—l hope that. would not be required.
Mr. HA R BORD.--4f it should not be required to go to Parlia-
ment, it will be returned to the parties subscribing.
Mr. BOOT kill K.—II will always happen that some will not sub-
scribe; but a.sum of £6OOO or £7OOO will certainly be required
if we go to Parliament, and those who put down their names
for three per cent, of course, could not be Called upon for any
further deinaud.
Mr. EA RLB.—I merely object to the word "subscription;" I
would rather that there was a rate levied. •
Mr. HA ttlio RD.—I oeg to states that the committee thought of
a per centage ;' but we thought ir-rather a delicate subject, and
at thesame time some gentlemen 'were 'ready stibscribe more
than three per cent.
Mr. 13ooTtiay.—I think three per cent Will be sufficient from
the majority of warehouse owners, and if the others won't sub-
scribe we can't help it,
Mr. EA RLE.—I only want to know what we are to come
down. I have no objection to subscribe my quota; if there are
individuals shabby enough to leave us to protect their property
it cannot be helped.'
Mr. Haationo.—l.beg to state, that an individual says he
will give £5O, and if it should be required, though he can ill
afford it, he will give £5OO.
Mr. EA iti.u.—Better not to make those liberal observations,
many will not do it. A gentleman would not subscribe a guinea
the other day.
Mr. BOOTH B Y.---To shorten the discussion, I Move that a
rate of three per cent on the annual rents be, subscribed, in the
place of a subscription.
This was seconded by Mr. I fIi.AM, and .J 911)
The CHAIRMAN struck out the first part of the resolution,
relating to the subscription, and substituted the amendment for
' and it-was put and carried unanimously. _

1. 'Mr. MONTGOSIERY rose to move as an -amendment, that two
and half per cent, be the rate. •This motion was not seconded.
Mr. DOVER said, I rise sir, to give some,account of the ware-
houses in Liverpool. It was necessary that the public should
be put in some measure in possession of the facts of the case.
The warebonses in the town, it was well known, belong to pri-
vate individuals in a majority of cases. (Mr. Dover,. who was
proceeding to read from a document, was here interrupted by)
The CHAIRMAN, who said, Mr. Dover had some very tin,-
portant matter to read, which it was 'desirable should form a
part of the proceedings of the meeting.
Mr. BOOTHBY.—I am fearful, if we get into a long essay on
warehouses, there may be a difference of opinion amongst us.
Now, agreeing as I do, that the bill should be opposed ?I, May
not agree altogether in what Mr. Dove! is stating. In 1819; I,
as a• Brazilian merchant, feeling the inconvenience Olyititiell'
times two-lengths cartage to bond warehouses, was a Tiarly'lii"
the application tothe'dock committee for the erection of such
•walehouses in the iMmediate vicinity of the-. docks, and that
application failed. 'Neither the corporation nor the dock estate,
nor the merchants generally, did support it. It' was sup-
ported by a few, and I was one who applied. Now, the very
circumstance of having applied at that tune for the building of '
those warehouses, certaitily commits me and others to what
would have been a convenience to the trade of the port at that
time. But it also furnishes a very strong argument against the
corporation now going to Parliament to do that'novi which they
refused to do some years ago. (Hear.) Because, by so doing,.
they haie induced me and others to build bonded warehouses;
perhaps on the corporation laud,-,(hear,)—compelling us to
build our own warehouses or to take others on lease. Now,

they say we see this ought to have been done twenty years ago:
after inviting me and others to build, they would now destroy
our property. (Hear.) I merely wish to show, that, having
taken that former step, I cannot altogether agree with Mr.
Dover, that it will not, be a convenience to the trade; but they
are not for the sake of convenience to the trade of a few indivi-
duals, to sacrifice the property of the warehouse owners. The
dock trustees are the conservators of the property of the town,
and they have no right to consult the individual interests of
persons like myself. No person can deny that it will be a great
saving to the merchants to have warehouses close to the docks
.if it had been done originally ;-but not having been done, the
collimation has no right to destroy the property which arose in
ci3ooAnoisteqrh.t
iiye oh,, cal (
os
sRa said
laoAtr. )11l r.
tr h.
aChsaaivrimnga,n,waeftmeiu•listavkinng.h,eat'brdatwihrawt
houses be built by the town council, 'they must be adopted on'
some system. If they are to be carried on on the system adopt=-
ed by the port of London, they would, notwithStanding
has been said of the port of London, be subjected to lOU per'
cent. higher charges in many instances, at all events, not less
than 25 per cent. it conducted' lanhat united body,: Now, com-
petition has brought things so lov4l have paper'' 1n my hand,,tnd fled that' the charges 611,4 p ppVtd,'Liverpook taking them,
generally, are Fewer than .a1770tt,14 thel4ingdoip4Ati,
More reciallv the port ii Bond hgar that the doCkS.thertei,
extent'that. here, and areinVati-.'
ably- half empty',..4fitth:at that, thereeire;'gives•the gteaer 1.46,
lay.. I have Inacle'hUrciA!whether it is general 'tohavg,,tincliZ,
facilities to have a cargo ilikharged in a few days, and'tfteysaY.
"it is .only when our hanA have nothing. to-do, When at our
hands are applied td the distbaigc of the vessels; iftliis'Was
not the Case, we could' discharge no quicker than„ you could.
Mr. DovER.—I have been requested to go-into some particu-
larsattaatr et-htehAeth
atrh:e;
biori(i,sutgbhet
the committee: I
be
very, uninteresting; lag to state
air
fully
against the warehouse•keepers have never yet been ansivered,
and I do say that they should be.
Mr: BObTHBY Was.of opinion they should not go into minor
points, but keep to the important one of injustice to the ware-
house owners, who hail built on the faith of things existing as
they are. This was an irresistible argument; but if they went
into details as to the cost of a chest of sugar they should-never

all agree.
Mr. MoNToostERY moved that Mr. Dover should proceed.
After a rather lengthy discussion, in which Mr. DOVER said
he had written out his statement merely to ensure accuracy
on points of important inforniation which he had been re-
quested to get by the committee, and not from any difficulty in
communicating his opinions in speaking. It was also contend-
ed by other gentlemen that it was important that these facts
should be laid befOre the public through the medium of the
preis. Mr. Dover was requested to proceed. ,
Mr. DOVER said—l rise, sir, to give some account of the
general management of warehouses in Liverpool. It is neces-
sary that some statement of the kind should be made in order
that the public may be put in possesSion Of a true statement of the
case, and • that they may be able to form a just opinion of
the differences that at present, exist between the gentlemen
forming this meeting mid the Dock Trustees.
The warehouses in the, town, as it is Well known, belong to
Private' individuals, in the majority of cases, out of business ;
but inme'belOng to merchants, who fill, them with their own
prodnce;. in the former case, the warehouses are let to brokers
and warehoose-keepers. the latter being a new class of persons
flint the'great increase of tradelnlikefirthits.given riSoeto—of
which I au-, one—and which has sprung up mainly within the
last ten Y,';ll7s formerly, the trade; so to speak, was carried nu
bYth', hi'ok,'rs; hot, latterly, " keening waretionse;-:". has he-
,erime ti.nde of itself, many indivirinais devoting their is hole
time "and ?Mention to it, ond some haying a large capita; in-
t 'in it. "The
;proportion in NYhich warehouiffi air hel(tLis
6"46'lith 'by the merchnts; (use-fotirirel;v tin. hraers,
