iintperial Parliament.

NEGRO A Ppt:iiNTicEsHiP.
Lord BROUGHAM gave notice oat, oil Monday next he should
bring forward his. motion regarding negro slavery, negro ap-
prenticeship, &c-, and he should move an address for the whop-.
lion of measures to alleviate their condition. As to accelerating
the periods of the emancipation of the uegrues, he should not
then raise any question,•attoongh he h. 1,1 4 very strong opinion
on the subject. His lordship undertook, on the suggestiin of
Lorl Ellenboroug,h, to submit the terms of his inotibu pre-
viously to the debate.

The-Marquis or LA ssnowNE tn,)ved the second 'reading of
the Presbyterian Oaths (Ireland)

Lord BaIm:GHIA:IJ opposed the bill, declaring that it displayed
gross ignorance of the law, and of who were presbyterians.
The order for the second r:tding, after some further couver-
sation„ was discharged.

Ti lordships tlieu adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMAIONS.—Mosioxv.
Iu the Commons petitions Isere presented respecting "Sir J.
&one's Museum;" against the poor laws; for the comalutatiou.
of the sentence of the cotton-spinners, &c ,
Mr. WA K ISY, on presenting some further petitions, regard-
ing the cotton-spinners, complained that a morning contempo-
rary had suppressed the fact of his having presented petitions
lyn this subject on Friday, and he thereupon declared that if
any such inaccuracies or sirppre43iiin occurred hereafter,-be the
consequences to himself what they might, he should notice to
the Speaker that there were: strangers" present, and have the
galleries cleared, i. e. the reporters excluded.
Mr. WA IC 1.e.( soon afterwards ceded attention to the fact
that the time for having " lights" had arrived, and that it was
proposed to ti v the experiment of the new mode of illuaunation
by gas; but as some were for and others against that expert-
men!, he thought the opinion of the house ought to be taken—
" gas v. wax." •

Tire SPEAKER accordingly put the question, and the ayes
were loud in favour of the is exhibition. •
The house ',vas thereupon illuoonated by vas.
Sir W. Mor.g,swoirria gave no,ice that March 6, he should
move an adiress declaratory of " want of coulideoce iu the
colonial secretary, Lord ffetielg.!'
Lord J. RussELL moved that the house resolve into com-
mittee on the Pour Relief (Ireland) Bill.
Discussion ensued, in which Lord CLEMENtS, Sir E. SUG
DEN, &c took. part.

'rhe house afterwards went into committee, in which an ex-
tended and very dissidtory discussion occupied a great part of
the rein iiniter.,4 the evenin, . •
The Lotto Aoyocarg, also in a speech of great length, de-
fended the proceedings, and denied that there hail been any
errors in the legal Frnceediugs, and consequently that there had
been any delay to cover the ulunders chlrged against the law
officers.

. . .
Mr. O'Comtvitt.l. moved, as an amend-meat, that a select
committee tie appointed to inquire into the origin, nature, and
extent of trades unions ur-cfniabinations of.workmen or employ-
ers of woritint.n in the united kingdom, and the tendency ol
such unions or combinations to affect the free distribution ol
wages, labour, and enaphyment ; and also their tendency to in-
duce the commission of outrages against persons and property,
and the perpetration of murder; and also to report such sug-
gestions for improvement in the existing laws against illegal
combinations or societies as th,fy may doem requisite.
The CH INCELEoIt of the
—xcn Clt it said that both Mr.
Walt ley's proposition was objectifmable, an I that he could not
agree to lie amiendment. It there were infrairy, it ought if, be
of the fullest and most in-Ili:mi..] character ; and if he had the
opportunity he would move for such an inquiry—namely, an
inquiry into the combination of masters, as well as men, without
confining the investigation to Scotland.
Mr. O'CoN N ELL said be would, after this statement, withdraw
his amendment.

Mr. WA K LKY withdrew his
,motion, whereupon
a E
The CHAActro of the xctis:nuEß move.l for a commit-
tee. which was-agreed to.
The naming of the committee was deferred till Thursday.
The At'ronNkY-GKNkttAL after some conversation. obtained
leave to bring in the bill to amend the Registration of Voters'
Act, contaiuin, a clause to abolish the registration shitting.
Colonel SIBTHORP gave notice that on Thursday he would
call the attention of the house to some recent government ap-
pointments, and to some that he believed were in contemplation.
On the motion of Mr. llotmEs, a new a nit was ordered fur
B rid ge north.
The house then adjourned.

- HOUSE OF I.,ORDS.—TUESDAY.
The Earl of Dun HAM nres..nieil petitions front [lull, Sunder-
/and, &c. in favour of Ihe " ballot."

......
LOH Et I.j NW/HOUGH deferred till Tuesday next the com-
mittee on the Exchange of Comtnou Fields' bill.
Th,! Joint-stock (Clerical) Co-putuership hill havitm been
brought frout the Cointnons,
Lord ELLEN atinourni sulgested that their lord:hips should
not proceed with it until they had some facts before them to
W 'mint it.

rie Lott D CHA NcEr.r.on answered that the Conn of Exche-
quer having decided that the fact of t clergyman being a mem •
her of such cu-part net snip aft-cted their proceedings, rendered
parliamentary inter ereuce tieces,cir‘.
The bill was thereupon react ihe first time, and ordered to be
read the second time ou Thursday.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.—TUESDAY.
In the commons ballots took place for etlfn,nitters on the Bel
fast and Peiersfield election petitions : that for iiidgeuurth dir
not pro,,ed.

Mr. WARD presented a petition from Sheffield for a commit-
tee to inquire into the cause of the Dorchester labourers, who
hag received the-roval pardon, not returnitrx to this country.
Sir G. Guar sm.! that a free pardan had neen sent out to the
spring of 1835 ; and that he could in no way account for the
urns-return of those individuals, except as W.IS uo unconunon
case with those who received Rini ins, or whose sentences had
-expired, they found it much better to remain there than return
,tia this country.

Mr. FRENCH,hrought forward the case of petitions alle.ing
the forgery of. noes to the Sligo election pPtition ; hot, after
considerable eonveisation, the Ina tier was defer red till Wednes-
day,.n. • _
-tr 3. WHALis:r moved for a copy of the t'oi resPonoenee"o.
r Ween England and France relative to the occupation of Algiera
by the French.
Mr. MACKINNON seconded the motion, considering that the
Vreuch what they had done had rendered a service to the
Chri,tiart poWers.
Lord A I,MERSTON consenting to produce the papers, the mo.
lion was agreed to.

Mr. \V,a Lar. in a speech of considerab'e length, moved the
follow log. resolution :—ThAt this house is of opinion that a select
coin nittee shuold he apiiiiinte,l to inpore into the constitution,
practices, and effects of a society which his long existed in
Scotland, under the title of the " Ass,ci trim! of Operative Cot-
ton-spinners of Glasgow, and its neighbourhood.

HOC/SE OF COMMONS.—WEDNESDAY.
The Speaker took the chair at lour o'clock.
PETERSFIELD ELECTInN.

ColPflet C AVRN DISH, as et.tirman of the Peter field Election
Coinmittees; reported that the committee had decided that S r
Joaffe was not duly el.ered to serve in the present parlia-
ment for the borough of Petersfield, and that Mr. Hector was
duly elected.

The report of the committee having been read, the clerk of
the crown was ordered to attend the house, •anal amend the re-
turn avepable t the resolution of the committee.

A great nunaher of petitions in favour of vote by ballot were
presented by cliff...rent members.

Mr O'Corimo.i. presented a number of petitions from places
in Irehnti. iu favour of corporation reform.
Sir U. VII:RNEY said he should not persevere in the amend-
ment of which he had viveu notice on Ihe motion of •the hon.
Member for Loudon, un the subject of vote uy ballot. (Hear,
hear.)

HOUSE .O,F-I,OII.O3.—MONDAY.
On the rnotion'Of bird Ei.i.ENeonouGH, the Exchange of
Lands in Comin:in Fret.44.B:ln read.a second time.
