MILK PUNCH !

THIS unique and nectarious Liqueur has, for nearly a
century, been duly appreciated at
CHICHESTER AND THE METROPOLIS.

It was at the former place where the original projector of tfiiis
delectable beverage had his abode ; no doubt the corpoi;ition
of that ancient borough evinced their good taste, and ufarked
their approbation of this •
GREAT DISCOVERY,
by presenting to him the freedom of the town ; a with that
the present generation have nothing to do ; stiff it to say,
that this . •.- •
is now, for the very first time, introduced to the notice of the
bon rivants of the northern parts of this great Kingdom for
their judgment. . • . , . -
It 'would be 'quite in vain to enter into any detail of its
excellenCieS, yet, thus far may be vouched, that it is composed
of the- best materials,- without any adulteration, and, in
flavour, possesses the combined sweetness of the Grape, the
fragrance of the Lime, with the exhiliration of Champagne•;
and while • •'

THE LORDS OF THE CREATION- . . •
Will find it an excellent addenda to the Dinner Table,
THE-GENTLER SEX
may not disdain to sip, the more so as
ROYALTY
has acknowledged its transeendant merit.
It has been intimated that it will prevent
SEA SICKNESS,
but of that we will not vouch; -never having crossed the
" briny deep" with it in our possession; but should not Pro-
prietors of

PACKET-SHIPS AND •S•TEAMERS
take the hint ? And although it may not produce that " con-
summation devoutly to be wished," yet, sure we are,. its
grateful properties are such as will be found to bean excellent
restorative to the-palates-and stomachs of those who suffer
from the effects of a sea voyage. It will keep in any climate,
and possesses that sure criterion of genuine excellence,
improves by age.

LE GRAND GOURMAND
will find it a most social companion to his Calepash and
Calepee, and the temperate man, while he masticates his
biscuit over a glass of it, will be constrained to eulogise this
incomparable Liqueur.
" Come and try,
Don't like—don't buy,"
is an old saying and a good one; and as in matters of taste
every man is the best judge, this invitation is given in the full
assurance that, if the Milk Punch only finds its way to the
palate, it will quickly be acknowledged to stand A 1 amongst
the list of those good things which cheer the heart of mankind.
Sold, at 425. per Dozen, by B. HARAM, Wine, Spirit,
Ale,. and Porter Merchant, 42, Chapel-street, who is ap-
pointed Sota AGENT, for the counties of Lancashire, Che-
shire, and Staffordshire, by the Manufacturer, Mr. Hudson,
of Chichester.
Liverpool, November, 1839.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRANCE.
SPEECH OF THE KING OF THE FRENCH.

PARIS, DEC. 23,. Foutz o'CLocK.—The chambers were
opened to-day by the- King in person. No- accident :occnred
to his Majesty, either on going or returning to the Palais
Bourbon. The King pronounced the following discourse :
Peers and Deputies of France,—

" Since the termination of your last session, the internal
peace, to which your loyal assistance has so greatly con-
tributed, has not been disturbed. I have been apprised by
a witness who is very dear to me of fresh marks of affection
and confidence cf the French.

" The eldest of my sons, in visiting this year a great part
of my kingdom, has observed, wherever he has been, a great
supply of work, the progress of industry, respect for in-
stitutions, and obedience to the laws. My heart has been
deeply touched on seeing in the national attachment which
has surrounded my -son, a fresh-cause for his brothers and
himself to devote themselves unceasingly, at all times and
places, for the service of their country, and for the honour
of France. My relations with foreign powers have preserved
the specific character which the common interests of Europe
demand.

" Our flog, in concert with that of Great Britain, faithful
to the spirit of that union, so advantageous to the interests
of the two countries, has watched over the independence and
the immediate security of the Ottomon empire. Our interests
are always to secure the preservation and integrity of this
empire, whose existence is so essential to the preservation of
the general peace.
• " Our efforts have at last succeeded in stopping those
hostilities in the east which we had wished to have pievented ;
and whatever may be the complicationS which may
_result
from the diversity of interest, 1 hope that the agreement of
the great powers will soon end in an equitable and pacific
conclusion. - .

" rl great change has been effected in the situation of
Spain, and if I have to regret not being able to announce to
you that the civil war which has so long desolated this king-
dom is entirely at anend, still this war has lost its character
of gravity, which would give rise to alarming apprehensions
for the stability of the constitutional throne of Isabella the
Second. • The greatest part of the northern provinces is paci-
fied, and we are allowed to hope that those of the'eaSt.will
not be long behind hand.
" This important result is owing to the wise conduct of
the Government of the Queen Regent, and to the per Severing
valour of the Spanish army, supported by the assistance
which my Go/ernment has given them, and that of her Bri-
tannic Majesty, by the faithful execution of the treaties of
1824.

" In -America, the Mexican GOvertithent has fulfilled its
engagement of the treaty which I have terminated with that
republic. The blockade of the ports of the Argentine re-
public still retains one of our squadrons. Fresh forces have
been directed to this distant point, in order to hasten the sa-
tisfaction which is due to us.

" In Africa, new hostilities call for a decided suppression.
Our brave soldiers and our agriculturists, to whom my son
by his presence lad proved my solicitude towards them, have
been treacherothly attacked. The progress of our establish-
ments in the province of Algiers and Constantine has been
the cause of this uncalled-for attack ; which aggression must
be resented, in order that its re-occurrence may be impossi-
ble, and that nothing may interrupt the continuation of that
prosperity obtained
.for it by France, which the Freneh na-
tion will never surrender.

" A fresh supply of troops has already arrived in Africa,
and every possible means have been employed to shorten the
duration of..the war, by carrying it on with vigour ; that here-
after the inhabitants of Algeria, and those tribes who shall
remain faithful to France, may everywhere find sure protec-
tion. The expenses ordered for that purpose will be placed
before the Chambers, to be subject to their controul. I have
the hope that their assent will be obtained, which has never
been refused when the honour of our arms and our perma-
nent interests have been called in question. _

The state of our finances allows of such increased ex-
penses. The question of the sugar trade, which the Cham-
bers had left undecided last se.,,s ion, has, during their absence,
been momentarily decided. A project of law will be placed
before you•on this subject, which will have for its object the
protection of public and private interests.

.
" Measures for the amelioration of the situation of the
subalterns and officers will be brought before you.
"- Your attention will be required to the organization of a
State Council, literary property, and public instruction.
• " Other proposals, having for their object the arrangement
of a system for civil pensions, the execution of the principal
railroad lines, the increased improvement of our naval power,
the prison discipline, and the idtroduction of the penitentiary
system, will be. presented to you.
" In your,different labours, your enlightened patriotism
will always search. out what can most contribute to the in-
crease- of public prosperity, and the strengthening of con-
servative principles in our institutions. Those principles it
is my duty to preserve within proper bounds ; the happiness
of having performed my task will be the reward of my self-de-
.votion. Ten years have already elapsed since the great act
took place. that established me on the throne, during which
time you have surrounded me with that assistance which I
again claim from you—lt is with you and in the Midst of you
that I love to felicitate France on her happy improvements
in civilliation and legal liberty,'Whieh insatiable and turbu-
lent spirits had endeaVoured to interrupt. Thanks to God
and to your. loyal assistance, their efforts have remained use-
less, and these last remnants of past disorders will disappear
before public reason and the national will.'

A pair of eagles have been frequently Peen upon the,cleve,
land' Hills during this autumn. The writer of this mitice
had the satisfaction of observing one of these noble birds
lacks flight over Long Hull, near Guisborongh, the seat of
the Chilloner family, and at an elevation of not more than
' -;• -30 -or 40 yards, from the ground.—Gateshead Observer.
' • •
,SoIITII4ABTERN AND DOl-I:3I..RAILWAY.—It is fully ex-
ve are given to understand, that the western line of
-'• tlie-'Shakqyeare tunnel will be completed early in May. • The
. . . ,
'4retitd3l etiroi•ts irppetirto be • making to draw to a conclusion
the works cf. this difficult part of the line. At-the Shakspeare
• tatißoe44vallyWith Abbot's- Cliff tunnel and the Warren,
• incliiSiiettliere are about 1,000 'men constantly in employ..
0-,Virig to the excellent arrangements which have been intro-.
due4dinto the tunnel, we are glad to. find that not the slight-
egt- accident has occurred to the workmen employed for a
considerable period.—. Dover Chronicle.
THE BLOWING UP or 'rite SpenONARA ST. CHRISTO.—
This Maltese speronara was quietly lying at anchor in the
port of Tunis, loaded with sundry wines, biscuits, &c. and
some barrels of gunpowder. On Monday, the 18th instant,
at about 6 p.m. a violent and thundering report was on a
sudden heard. - It was this speronara, whose powder had
caught fire : its fragments and splinters were seen in the air
amidst a dense mass of smoke, while its remnants were
plunging into the deep amongst the groans of the dying men
of the crew, of whom eight lost their lives; the remaining
few were saved. It is uncertain as yet how the powder
caught fire, but it is asserted that an insane feeling of ven-
geance was the cause of this fatal accident.—Malta Paper.
PROTESTANT LECTLEE.—On Tuesday evening, the Rev.
James Dixon, Wesleyan :Minister, Sheffield, delivered a
lecture in New-street Chapel, York, on the " Present Aspect
of Popery, and the duty of Protestants." The Chapel was
• tilled by a respectable audience, who paid the deepest atten-
tion to the statements made. by the speaker. The lecture,
which occupied three hours in delivery, was one of the most
able ever delivered in that city ; it was fraught with informa-
tion, remarkable for closeness of reasoning and strength of
argument, and abounding in genuine eloquence. At its con-
. clusion..the Rev. James Everett moved, and the Rev. John
Burdsall seconded a resolution, which was carried by accla-
mation,, that Mr. Dixon be requested to publish the lecture, .
a request which the Rev. Gentleman has consented to corn-
ply with.—Sheffield Patriot.
VOYAGE OP DISCOVERY.—The African surveying steamer
has been skimming through the Straits and Channel for some
days past,: upon what we deem to be a work of supereroga-
tion', namely, an investigation into the merits of Holyhead,
Portdyrillaen,- and St. George's harbour, with a view to the
seleetion of the most meritorious for a packet station in con-
eticti with a line. of railway to London. That the scientific
• officer ppointed to this work will give judgment in favour
of Holy ead,• .we have very little doubt—indeed, the opinion
. of one of them has already been recorded in evidence of its
superiority. n by. the African herself, had she a tongue,
• could decide the point. However, as the decision will be
-• • final, and the pretensions of the rivals extinguished thereby,
it will be satisfactory to have these stumbling blocks removed
•
out of the way of a great national, undertaking.—North Wales
Chronicle,
u:11-14
, ;-;
r.l
' • ,ZIA:7"
t "0

GENERAL IMMIGRATION INTO BRITISH GUIANA,

(From the Guiana Chronicle.)
In consequence of an article which appeared in one of our
late numbers, a gentleman waited upon us to say that he would
be most willing to give the Irish labourers another trial.
As a preliminary to bringing theni out, he proposes, if there
be in the colony ten natives oc that country, willing to work
on a plantation, to offer them, first—the ordinary wages of
the estate, and secondly, to add, from his private purse, a
sum sufficient to fix their pay at "'a dollar per diem. The
services he requires in return, are—their lab Our in the field
from six o'clock in the morning till nine—during the noon-
tide heat they will be allowed to rest—and at three o'clock in
the afternoon, he proposes they should resume the task they
had left off,'and continue till six. He is further willing, in
unfavourable weather, to employ them in the coffee-logie, or
any other part of the buildings in which their services may
be necessary. The hospital, now almost useless, will be con-
verted into a dWelling for them, and their comforts shall be
in every way attended to. He wishes it, however, to be
distinctly understood, that no pledge will be given that those
who may be induced to quit their native shores, shall receive
more than the ordinary wages of the estate.
Should there be any Irishmen of the humbler classes in.
this colony, a finer opportunity for improving their condition-
cannot offer.

Let us now consider the feasibility of this plan.
The Irish peasantry are plimged to the very lips in poverty
of the most abject nature. Persecuted by their landlords for
the miserable sum which secures over their heads the wretched
hovels, in which they can hardly he said to exist, they are
left no alternative but to seek for employment at any price.
Sixpence for a day's
.toil of twelve hours is considered, in
many parts of the country a desideratunL In other places,
even that paltry sum cannot be obtained, and thus.a frightful
plan of agrarian outrage may be.said to. he matured by that
bad social.system in which they are placed.
Their landlords 'having every adVantag&on their side, avail
themselves of the double competition, which their wants
drive,them to engage in. They over-Lid each other for land ;
and
,under-bid each other in labour, giving toproperty too
frightfal advantageS over f)tiVerty. 'We :date -this to shoW
how superior in 'condition the.negro labourer is, and to de—
monstrate;•that human beings' in such a gulph of misery as
the Irish peasantry, would not hesitate a moment in seizing,
with avidity, on any ehanCe "of extricating themselves.
Lest' it should be supposed that we al-el:biassed by too
strong a feeling on this subject, we will quote an authority
which,eaunot.k d .that of Monsieur De
Beaumont, who has written and published in Paris a work
entitled " L'lrland, Politique, et Religieuse."
" One single apartmenticOntahis the father, mother, chil-
dren, and sometimes, :a grandfather,•or a grandmother ; there
is no furniture in this wretched hovela single bed of hay or
straw serves the entire family. Five or six half-naked chil-
dren may be seen crouched near, a miserable, fire, whose
ashes covered a few potatoes, the sole nourishment of the fa-.
roily. In the midst of all lies a dirt), pig, the only thriving
inhabitant of the place, for he lives in filth. The presence
of a pig in an Irish hoVel may, at first, seem au indication of
misery ; on the contrary it is a sign• of comparative comfort.
Indigence is still more extreme in the hovel where no pig is
to be found. * * *- *

All being poor, the only food they use is the cheapest in the
country—potatoes;. but all do not consume the same quan-
tity. Some, and they are the privileged class, eat potatoes
three times a-day ; others, less fortunate, twice ; those in a
state of indigence, only once ; and there are some still more
destitute, who remain one,., or even two days without the
* slightest nourishment. * * It is neces-
sary to.renotmee all the notions which, in otlier countries,
serve to distinguish
.comfort from poverty, in order to com-
prehend Irish misery. There is not an Irish peasant who
abstains from beggary who is not in want of such a resource.
It is impossible to compare tbe Irish pauper with the pauper
of England. There is no doubt that the most miserable of
English paupers is better fed and clothed than the most pros-
perous of Irish labourers.
" British law, as administered ,Ireland, affords no pro-
tection to the life and property of the peasant. It leaves
him to be turned out to starve at the pleasure of his landlord ;
it expOses the first of all property, the fruits of his own in-
duitry, and the result of his own toil, to be seized for the
payment of an exorbitant and iniquitous rent. Such a sys-
tem is. that of a robber or a murderer, and must of necessity
generate robbery and Murder."
Borne out; as our statement is, by such unimpeachable
testimony, can it for a moment be doubted that such men
could be easily induced to flee to a land where such advan-
tages await them ?

Ve see nothing to prevent their working here, at least at
such hours as stated above ; with their clergy near to ad-
monish them againSt the dr.nger attendant on intemperance,
to reprove, and to correct them, we know of no such la-
bourers.

That they have succeeded already in the West Indies, we
have, ourselves; certain knowledge. A " fellow-townsman"
of ours possesses a large sugar estate in Jamaica: anticipat-
ing the effects of the Emancipation Act, he returned to his
native place some years back, and conveyed thence a large
body of the peasantry to Jamaica. They had not been long
in the island, when several 'of them wrote to their friends at
home, stating their improved condition, and urging them to
follow their example. The advice was taken, and from time
to time numbers of them have emigrated thence to Jamaica.
As a proof of their utility, this gentleman has frequently re-
turned during the last three or four years, and cair:ed back
with him several agriculturallabourers.
It is not likely that such conduct womld be persevered in,
if the experiment had been in the first instan c unsuccessful.
Having this strong case, in point, we would respectfully sug-
gest to the members of the committee appointed to amend
the " Petition," the propriety of rendering it a little more
general in its prayer, as it seemed to us, when read, to be
exclusively applied to the natives of Eindostan.

It may-not be irrelevant, after speaking of the condition of
the Irish peasant, as compared with the negro, to lay before
our readers, and more especially those of them, who may
have been imposed upon-by the " humanity itinerants," an
analysis. of the rate of wages paid to the English labourer,
and which is deduced from the " Reports of the Lords'
Committee on Poor Laws." •

In Berkshire the wageS of the•:agricultural lahourer vary
from'eight to nine shillings a week, and in Wiltshire, they
are never beyond eight shillings, deducting one per cent. In
the districts about Torrington and South- Moulton, they arc
a shilling less, which is also the average in Dorsetshire, for
men—for youths, 3s. 6d. to As. 6d. In Kent it is nearly
the same, and in Essex and Devonshire, there is a variation
of from 7s. to 83. a week. • -But in North Durham the la-
bourers suffer more than in any other county in England.—
The wages, there, are paid "in kind;"—the total allowance
in the year amounts to about £2B 55., including corn, pota-
toes, a cow, and a cottage. If any member of the labourer's
family fall sick, a-substitute is procured, and the labourer is
debited with the wages of the supernumerary so.emplOyed.
What is the inevitable conclusion to be drawn from these
facts? Why, this, that the negro is better paid, better
clothed, and altogether in better condition, as far as his phy-
sical wants are concerned,' than the labouring population in
England and Ireland.
With such facts staring them in the face, we are only as-
tonished that our humane enthusiasts (I) at home, will not
turn their attention, or what is mare important to their agents,
their money to the ameliorating of the wretched condition
of the peasantry who surround them.

IMMIGRATION.

(From the Jamaica Morning Journal,)
The proposition which has been made to encourage immi-
gration, and provide the means •of sending out immigrants
by the sale of the unoccupied lands, is one of more vital im-
portance to the colonies, than a good many seem to think.—
The great want at present experienced, is that of population.
Almost all (certainly all the larger colonies) want population.
Hence the high rate of wages, and dependence of the landed
proprietors upon the labourers. The former, we venture to
assert without fear of contradiction, are altogether at the
mercy of the latter, and may be ruined by them at any time.
We do not expect, however, that any, and should anxiously
hope that none, will be injured to any extent by their labourers
leaving them. That a good many have suffered we are sorry
to be compelled to admit, if we arc to believe statements that
have appeared in the various colonial papers from time to
time. The remedy for this evil is immigration. The most
effectual mode of increasing the value of the colonies, and
developing their resources, is to increase the quantity of
available labour.—We have abundance of line lands, and only
require the labour and the intellgence of man to render it
productive, and to increase the wealth of the inhabitants.
But how are we to produce these labourers ? By encouraging
them- to come to the island. The government might do this,
and, as Mr. Ward has shewn, without expence to the mother
country. They might induce the surplus population of
Great Britain and Ireland to come out to the West Indies
where their condition would be bettered,—they might in-
duce the Maltese to do the same, and they may make homes
of them for the unfortunate Africans, who, kidnapped in
their native land, have been rescued from slavery by British
sailors. But, independent of the sum to be raised by the
sale of Crown lands in the colonies, persons• desirous of
coming out, most of these would be glad to raise by taxation
a sum of money annually towards such a measure. if we
are to judge by what has been done in Trinidad, British
Guiana, and this island, we may safely conclude that every
assistance in their power would be afforded to a well arranged
system of immigration into each of them. They have spent
' large sums of money in the attempt themselves, but without
any corresponding benefit. In this island the system was
decidedly bad, and a total failure was the result. It is there-
fore the more necessary that the government should take up
the matter ; and in order to this, these interested in the
colonies should use their influence in inducing them to do
so. Regarding the matter. in this light, we cannot but regret.
that Mr. Ward's attempt should have failed. We trust,
however, he will persevere in it, that he will-be encouraged
and assisted-by--the -•Wc,st- -Indian Body • and • the Jamaica
Association, by the legislature of this island, and the courts
of policy, or legislative councils of the others. • The smaller
islands will, we have no doubt, be disposed also to aid in the
scheme, for there are several of them . in nearly ;the same
predicament with ourselves relative to the wants of labOurert:..
Meinorials from all of them, praying the' government to
adopt the measure; and offering to contribute towards- the
expense, would, we think, have a good effect. Taxation for
this description of immigration we should not object to.
Not so, where the benefit was to • result to particular in-
dividuals as was the case under the late bounty plan. We
hope' to learn that the proposition has been again pressed
upon the
.Consideration of govenment, and if a prospect of
the expences being borne by the colonies is held out, we
trust successfully.
