RACES FOR THE ENSUING YEAR

We give the dates of the Newmarket Meetings for 1841,
of some which depend invariably upon Newmarket, and of
others alreany fixed. March 10. Coventry ; 17. Warwick ;
25. Pytchley Hunt. April 12. Newmarket Craven ; 11.
Catterick Bridge ; 28. Newmarket Ist Spring. May 3.
Chester ; 11. Newmarket 2nd Spring ; 18. Gorhambury ;
2.a. Epsom. June 8. Ascot; 30. Bibury Club. July 1.
Stockbridge ; 6. Newmarket July ; 7. *Worcester ; 14. Li-
verpool ; 20. Dudley ; 27. Goodwood. August 3. The
Pottery ; 4. Brighton ; 9. Wolverhampton ; 2.5. Hereford.
September 7. Warwick ; 8. Norwich ; 13. Doncaster ; 22.
Liverpool ; 28. Newmarket Ist October. October 11. New-
market 2nd October ; 25. Newmarket Houghton.

THE CHASE.
The CHESHIRE HouNns will meet on
Dec. 23, at Three Greyhounds
..
. .........................
At half-past ten o'clock. Oulton Park
'HE'S Fo:: Housra will meet on

Wednesday

Tharsday 24, al
Saturday 26, at

Mr. L

Tuesday, Dec. 22, at
24, at
26, at
!9, at...,
ty 31, at
day,lan. 2, at

Cliurton

Thursday
Saturday

.......... Carden
▪ Overton Bridge
. Hampton Heath
Shocklach Villa e
l'er!e7 Hail
• Gallantry Bank
▪ Sarn Bridge
▪ Burras Hall

Tuesda
T4u,-
5.:,,t,

Thursday 9, at
Saturday 9, at

At half-past ten o'clock.
The UNITED PACK will meet on
Little Stretton
Longville Hill

Tuesday 23, at.
Saturday 26, at

At nine o'clock.
The ALBaIGHTON HOUNDS will meet on
Tuesday 22, at
Saturday 2G, at

At half-past ten o'clock.

A SON CHARGED WITH THE WILFUL MURDER
OF HIS. MOTHER.

The inqnest on this case, of which we made a brief mention
last week, closed on Tuesday. The deceased, Martha West,
purchased a stone of flour of a baker named Shortland, re-
iding at Floore, the day before Heyford feast, the 17th of
It was taken to Heyford, by Shortland's son, and
was by him tipped into a stone jar, which was placed in a
recess on the staircase. It does not appear when any portion
of the flour was first used, but on the sth of November a
pudding was made, of which the deceased and her husband
partook. Immediately after, they were both taken ill; they
sent for the doctor, but after several days recovered. On
Monday, the 16th November, the eldest son, Isaac West,
went to the house to clean a clock ; on that day the mother
made another pudding, and after dinner all were taken ill with
extreme sickness. On the 18th a grand-daughter of the de-
ceased, having made and partaken of a small pudding of the
same flour, was taken ill, with precisely the same symptoms.
The child of a woman named Pinnock, who had eaten part of
the remainder, also fell ill. On the 21st, Mrs. West died.
On the 22d a woman named Charlotte Townsend came to
assist in the management of the house for the widower, and
made some broth, which she thickened with flour from the
same jar. The old man having eaten of the broth, was again
extremely sick. Still no suspicion seems to have attached to
the flour ; and on the 25th Charlotte Townsend made some
more broth, which she thickened in the same way, and of
which nine persons partook, every one of whom suffered
precisely us the others had done. Some suspicion was now
excited, and Mr. Elston, the surgeon of Badbrook, was called
in, who confirmed them. Portions of the flour were analysed,
and were found to be strongly impregnated with arsenic. It
was now deemed equisite to institute an inquiry into the
circumstances, and by the direction of Mr. Abbey, the body
of Martha West was disinterred on the sth of December.
An examination took place, and the presence of arsenic in the
stomach was distinctly ascertained. The connexion between
the flour and the death of the deceased seemed now to be
proved, but the presence of the arsenic in the flour was still
unaccounted for.

October

Through the indefatigable exertions of superintendent
Young, the following facts were at length elicited :—George
West, a son of the deceased, and a keeper of a general shop,
in the same village, purchased a pound of arsenic in August
last. On Monday week he had 14 ounces left ; the remain-
der he represented as having been sold. The next day, when
the constable made inquiry about the 14 ounces, West at first
said the constable had taken it away with him the previous
day, and afterwards that it must have been stolen during the
night. He had been at Weedon on the Monday night, and
on his return he was, he said, taken very poorly, and in put-
ting up the shutter he had fallen forward, and had broken
the window. Through the opening he presumed the drawer
containing the arsenic to have been abstracted.

On Wednesday superintendent Young found him in bed ill.
Young took him into custody, and under the mattress dis-
covered a bottle of laudanum, which was missing from the
shop.

At the close of the third day's inquest he was brought to
this town, and kept in custody until Tuesday last, when he
was taken to Heytord, and the inquiry was resumed.
It appeared from the evidence of Mrs. Blackwell, one of
the daughters of deceased, ;hat on the Sunday following the
death of Martha West, George was asked to stay and dine
at the house. He said be would, and proposed to go and
order some flour of a person near Claridge. Mrs. Blackwell
then reminded him that there was flour in the house, upon
which he begged her not to use that flour, his mother was so
set against it that he should never forgive himself if anything
happened to them. He told her she had better give it to the
pigs.

Ultimately, at the close of the inquiry, which lasted till
between 12 and 1, the jury returned a verdict of " Wilful
Murder against George West."—Northampton Mercury.

COURT OF CHANCERY

-THURSDAY

THE ATTORNEY - GENERAL V. WILSON AND OTHERS

CORPORATION OF LEEDS.-IMPORTANT JUDGMENT,

The Lord Chancellor, on taking his seat in court to-day,
gave judgment in this case. His lordship said this was an
information filed by the Att,rney-General, at the instance of
the present corporation of Leeds against certain members of
the late corporation, who, shortly previous to the passing of
the Municipal Roform Bill, came to a resolution disposing
of £6500 Three per Cents., and £5OO lent on mortgage of
the Wakefield turnpike-roads, in order, as it was alleged in
the information, to deprive their successors of having the
management of property which belonged to the borough.
The property in question, it appeared, had been transferred
to three trustees, with directions to give 500 guineas to the
Recorder, 120 guineas to the Deputy Recorder, and various
sums to different charities in the town, and to increase the

stipends of several ministers. The Recorder and Deputy
refused to receive the sums voted to them ; and it was also
in evidence that £lOOO out of the £7OOO had not been dis-
posed of, and was now in the hands of the trustees. The
information therefore prayed that the defendants might be
ordered to retransfer the whole sum of £7OOO to the present
corporation. _ _

His lordship, after minutely remarking on the facts of the
case and the arguments of counsel, said he felt called upon,
after taking a careful review of all the circumstances, to make
the following decree :—He was of opinion that the £6500.
Three per Cents., and the £5OO lent on the security of
the tolls on turnpike roads, notwithstanding the deed of
May, 1835, continued, and was the property of the corpora-
tion of Leeds at the time of the passing of the Municipal
Reform Act, and subject to all the trusts and purposes pre-
scribed by that act, and all subsequent alienations of such
stock and funds for other purposes than those prescribed by
that act, and the deeds which had been executed were
breaches of trust, and must be considered fraudulent and
void ; and that the three trustees and the other defendants
who were members of the late governing corporate body were
liable, and bound to make good any loss which might be sus-
tained therefrom. He therefore directed the defendants to
re-transfer the several sums which, by the deed of May,
1835, they had transferred to trustees. He also directed a
reference to the master. to inquire what part of the funds
in question had been sold, and in what manner disposed of,
with liberty to state special circumstances. He further
directed that the costs of the suit be paid by the three trustees
and the five defendants members of the old corporation.
His lordship then proceeded to hear causes.

ECCLESIASTICAL AND UNIVERSITY
INTELLIGENCE.

(From the Oxford Herald.)

The Council of Huddersfield Collegiate School have ap-
pointed the Rev. Francis Hessey, B.C.L. Fellow of St.
John's College, to the office of Principal. We hear that the
rev. gentleman enters upon the duties of the office after the
Christmas vacation.

The Rev. Edward Penny, M.A., of St. John's College,
and Curate of Hythe, has been collated to the United Rec-
tories of St. Andrew and St. Mary' Breadmaw, Canterbury ;
patron, the Archbishop of Canterbury.
The Hon. and Rev. Charles Amyand Harris, M.A. late
Fellow of All Souls' College, Chaplain to the Lord Bishop
of Salisbury, has been presented, by the Earl of Pembroke,
to the Rectory of Wilton, Wilts.

Mr. Arthur Baynham, 8.A., of Pembroke College, has
been elected Second Master of the Free Grammar School at
Brewood.

Emir Pacha, late of Trinity Hall, Cambridge, the cele-
brated Turkish mathematician, has returned to Constantino-
ple from Europe, where he has spent more than five yearn in
the acquisition of science ; it is spoken of as being probable
that he will be appointed minister of public instruction, or a
director of a polytechnic school.—Globe.

PROMOTIONS,
The Lord Bishop of Oxford has presented the Rev. J. R.
Rushton, 8.D., Curate of Banbury, to the Living of Hook-
Norton, in this county, vacant by the death of the Rev. Mr.
Turner, who had been the Incumbent for more than fifty
years. _

Rev. T. Gregg, to the Perpetual Curacy of Hornby
Chapel, in the parish of Melling, Lancashire, void by the
death of the Rev. Robert Proctor ; patron, P. Dawson, Esq.,
of Hornby Castle.

Rev. Wm. Barlow, M.A., Prebend of Chester, to the Rec-
tory of Northenden, Cheshire, vacant by the death of the
Rev. W. Ainger; patrons, the Dean and Chapter of Chester.
Rev. John Holbeche Short, to the Perpetual Curacy of
Whittle-le-Woods, Lancashire, patron, he Vicar of Ley-
Lind.

Rev. W. Gibbs, to the Perpetual Curacy of St. Peter's
Church, Halliwell, pirish of Dean, Lancashire; patrons, the
Trustees. _

ing pins

Rev. J. Wood, to the Perpetual Curacy of All Saints'
Church, Clayton-le-Moors, Lancashire; patrons, the Trus-
tees. _

Rev. H. Holmes, to the Perpetual Curacy of St. Catha-
rine's, Upper Tranmere, Cheshire ; patron, the Rector of
Brbbington....

Rev. W. Meyler, to the Perpetual Curacy of Prescot, Lan-
cashire; patron, the Vicar of Prescot.

Rev. T. Boydell, to the Rectory of Coddington, Cheshire ;
patrons, the Dean and Chanter of Cheater.
Rev. T. Booth, B.A. Curate of Heapy. Yorkshire, to the
Curacy of Great Bireham, Norfolk.
Rev. John Wilson, M.A. Vicar of Deeping St. James, to
the Vicarage of Wigtoft-cum-Quadring, Lincolnshire, vacant
by the death of the Rev. Edward Ince ; patron, the Bishop
of Lincoln.

Rev. Wm. Fitzwilliam Wharton, M.A. of Christ's College
Cambridge, to the Rectory of Barningham, Yorkshire ; patron,
the Lord Chancellor.

Rev. J. T. Ward, Vicar of Askam, Westmorland, to bo
Chaplain to the Earl of Mexborough. _

Rev. M. T. Farrer, 8.A., of Trinity College, Cambridge,
to be one of the Domestic Chaplains of the Earl of Eldon.
Rev. Edward Forbes, of Bath, to the Perpetual Curacy of
Ramsey, Huntingdonshire, void by the death of the Rev.
Henry Mawdesley ; patron, Edward Fellowes, Esq.
Rev. John Winpenny, to the Perpetual Curacy of Yarm,
Yorkshire ;_patron, the Archbishop of York.

Rev. R. Daly, to the Deanery of St. Patrick's, Ireland.
Rev. Cecil Smyly, to the Vicarage of Drumcar.
Rev. Moorhouse James, to the Curacy of St. Thomas's
hurch, Bedford.

Rev. Matthew Wilkinson, M.A., late Fellow and Tutor
of Clare Hall, Cambridge, to the Head Mastership-of Ken-
sington_Proprietary School.

The Bishim of Loudon has licensed the Rev. D. A. Beau-
fort, M.A., to be the Assistant Minister of Portman Chapel,
London.

Rev. R. C. Ward, of Trinity College, Cambridge, to the
Rectory of Tollerton, Nottinghamshire, vacant by the death
of the Rev. R. Smith.

Rev. W. Greslev, M.A., to be an Honorary Canon in
Lichfield Cathedral.

..........
Rev. James Horrox, to the Vicararage of Dinnington,
Yorkshire; patron, the Lord Chancellor.

DESTRUCTION BY FIRE OF THE TOWN MAN-
SION OF P. HOARE. ESQ., THE BANKER.

(From the Standard of Thursday.)
Between one and two o'clpek this morning, a fire broke
out in the splendid town mansion of P. Hoare, Esq., the
banker, situated in Queen-square-place, Westminster, which
has been reduced a complete mass of ruins.

The followingaccount of this calamitous event t will be found
(as far as information up to eleven o'clock this morning could
be obtained) to be cerrect :—About half-past one o'clock, as
police constable Wilcox, A 97, was passing the premises in
Bird-cage Walk, his attention was drawn to the sudden ap-
pearance of a large body of fire, which appeared to shoot
through the house. He instantly gave the alarm, and the
sentries who were on duty conveyed the intelligence to the
barracks, when the guards were immediately turned out. The
account of the fire spread with great rapidity, and while
some of the police and soldiers were dispatched to the vari-
ous fire stations, others went to the station-house in Gard-
ner's-lana, and in a short time Superintendent May, of the
A, and Lerone, of the B, with about 100 men of the two
above-named, and C divisions, hastened to the spot. Within
a quarter of an hour after the discovery of the fire several
engines arrived; a plentiful supply of water being obtained,
--7. re speedily got into play, and by dint of great personal
.ertions on the part of the firemen and the military, the fire
Has confined to the mansion ; but we regret to say that the
whole of tbt,,-valuable property and paintings are entirely de-
stroyed, wfille several of the adjoining houses, and the back
of St. Peter's episcopal chapel, in Queen-square, are damaged.
About ten o'clock this morning, Mr. Hoare, who we under-
stand, was out of town, went down, and stated, that his insur-
ance, as far as it went, was in the Sun Fire-office, but it would
not cover a third of his loss, which is supposed to exceed
£20,000.

MooasT.—We find the following in the N. 0. Crescent:—
" The gentleman who left his penknife upon our table is re-
peated to call and sharpen it."

DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE.

Friday, the 18th instant, completed the fourth century
since the invention of printing, A.D. 1440.
Last Wednesday the conservatives of Mayo held a meet-
ing, which was presided over by a catholic magistrate, Peter
Bourke, Esq.

Captain Wemyas, member for Fife, will be appointed lord
lieutenant of the county, in the room of R. Ferguson, Esq.,
deceased.

The Dublin physicians have commenced giving profes-
sional visits in that city at a fee of 65., and outside Dublin
at half-a-guinea.

Two countrymen, from the Derbyshire-hills, were looking
at a piece of coral; at last, one of them concluded it must be
a petrified cauliflower.
Blagrove. Lindley, Hobbs, Miss Birch,and Mrs. Fiddes
(late Miss Cawse), have been giving concerts with great suc-
cess in Scotland.
The Observer states that the ensuing year will bring for-
ward a most prolific crop of propositions to British and
other capitalists, for the contract of foreign loans.
WORTHY OF IMITATION.-At the audit of the Rev.
George Marwood, of Busby Hall, held at Northallerton on
Wednesday last, a return of 10 per cent. was made to all
the tenantry according to their respective rentals.
The Marchioness of Londonderry, who was recently pre-
sented to the Sultan, is the only foreign lady, with the ex-
ception of the Countess Woronzow, upon whom the honour
was ever conferred.

Fifteen men have been committed for the late savage
murder on the Glasgow and Edinburgh railway, and ten
more in custody. A reward of £lOO has been offered for the
ar,prehension of another.
The Glasgow Presbytery have instructed their committee
to take the most vigorous measures in the way of petition
and remonstrance against the running of the mails on Sun-
days, and railway Sabbath excursions.
DEATH OF THE HON. JAMES STUART.—The above gen-
tleman, the eldest son of the Earl of Moray, by his second
Countess, daughter of Sir Philip Ainslie and the Hon.
Elizabeth Gray, died on Saturday week. He was born
January 17, 1804, and was captain in the 85th regiment.
A patent preparation, entitled " the concentrated essence
of malt and hops," is announced, by which individuals are
enabled to produce beer and porter without the process of
brewing, only allowing the liquid to pass through the fer-
menting stage.
Mr. M`Donnell, of the Cork Theatre. has seized Bochsa's
splendid double action harp, to satisfy the costs of suit in
the late record against that eminent music master, for not
completing his engapement in Cork.—Limerick ronicle.
It was on Wednesday discovered that, in the course of the
previous night, some evil-disposed person had cut and
seriously injured many of the young trees in Kensington
Gardens, and had, it is believed, made an attempt to fire one
of the keepers' cottages.

It is generally rumoured in the clubs, that amongst the
honours and promotions which her Majesty will be advised
to grant after the approaching settlement of the Eastern
affairs, Viscount Palmerston will be raised to the dignity of a
Marquis.

A MOUSE BY POST.—In the course of the week, Mr. R.
M. Davies, druggist, of King-street, in this town, received a
live dormouse through the medium of the post. The animal
was, doubtless, much astonished at its transit, but is now
" as well as can be expected ." Carmart hen Journal.
I INCREASE OF SMALL LIVINGS.—We are given to under-
stand that all the small livings in this and some other adjoin-
ing parishes, where the population is 2,000 or upwards and
the cleryyman's stipend less than £l5O a-year, will sh,,rtly
be augmented to that sum, out of the funds at the disposal
of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners.—Wigan Gazette.
THE QUEEN OF ENGLAND AND THE SULTAN.—The sul-
tan has, we understand, directed that a splendid brilliant
necklace, to be composed entirely of diamonds of the first
water, he immediately prepared as a present to her majesty
Queen Victoria. It is intended to be a token of his esteem
for our beloved sovereign, who has been his highness's best
friend in the hour of need.—Sm.vrna Observer, Nov. 28.
We understand that the determination of the present French
cabinet to maintain the " Paix arnie," gives great offence
to Great Britain, Austria, and Prussia. Representations of
a decided character on this subject are being made, and un-
less France lowers hei tone, the settlement of the Egyptian
question will not produce the beneficial effect in Europe that
was expected.—Morning Herald of Friday.
" SUPPORTING THE PRESS."—Having dinners through-
out the country. Putting the proprietors of all the papers
within thirty miles, distance, to the expense of sending re-
porters, to make speeches out of the materials presented on
the occasion. Giving as the last toast on the list—" The
Conservative Press, the guardian of our National Liberties,"
having just before taken care to make the Reporter pay even
for his admission ticket.—Lincoln Journal.
A PRACTITIONER.—We have been credibly informed that
our respected fellow-townsman, S. Nevitt Bennett, Esq.,
surgeon, in the course of a practice of upwards of thirty years,
has been the means of introducing to the world between six
and seven thousand children ! averaging, as regards the pro-
portion of sexes, about four per cent. in favour of males ; a
number exceeding in amount one-fourth of the population of
the whole city.—Chester paper.
INTEGRITY.—Friday, the ith instant, a traveller for a New-
castle house lost his pocketbook, containing £3OO, between
Hexham and Alston, and on missing it he returned in the
hope that it might be recovered. On the road he met a per-
son named Baty, and inquired if he had seen the pocketbook.
Baty replied in the affirmative, and produced it, with the
money safe; £5 having been offered to him for its•restora-
tion, he inquired if the traveller were a principal in the firm,
and finding that he was not, he refused to accept the offer.—
Tyne Herald.

STRANGE, IF TRUE.—Godalming, in Surrey, on Saturday
evening was visited by an extraordinary flight of wild fowl.
The evening was very dark, when, about seven o'clock, the
air was filled with the cries of wild ducks, widgeon, curlews,
and everything else, to the surprise of all the men folks, and
to the extreme terror of the women and children. The flight
seemed to be driving towards the south, and continued to
pass till half-past eight or nine o'clock. The number must
have been very extraordinary, for overhead and on every side
they were heard to the furthest stretch of the ear.—Sun.
DEATH. OF LORD BRUCE.—His lordship
_died, after a

lengthened illness, on Tuesday se'nnight, at talaten Devon,
where he had been residing for the benefit of his health. The
deceased, George Charles Constantine. Lord Bruce, who was
eldest son of the Earl of Elgin, by his first marriage with
Miss Nisbet, which marriage w:.s dissolved by act of Parlia-
ment in 1808, was born the sth of April, 1800, and was bro-
ther of Lady Mary Christopher, the lady of Mr. R. A. Chi-
chester, M.P., Lady Matilda Maxwell. and Lady Lucy Grant.
The Hon. James Bruce, the noble earl's eldest son by • his

ezond marriage, born July 20, 1816, is now heir to the

mily honours.-Times

The liberals have been looking for a candidate to represent
the city of Lincoln in Parliament with Sir E. L. Bulwer,
but up to the present time without success. Mr. Charles
Seely and Mr. S. E. Bristow, of Beesthorpe, Notts, have
each been invited to stand, but declined.—Boston Herald.
A respectably-dressed woman got out of one of the Mile-
end omnibusses, near Witechapel Church, London, leaving
a fine little child in charge of a gentleman passenger, stating
she woJd return in an instant, but she never returned, and
the poor child was taken to the workhouse.

It is a fact highly creditable to the inhabitants of the coast
of Gower, where the city of Bristol steamer was wrecked,
that although every part of the bay was strewed with frag-
ments, and continued so far for six days and nights, many of
the people being poor, and fuel scarce and dear, not the
smallest particle was taken.

The unusual occurrence of forbidding the bans of marriage
took place in Brornyard Church on Sunday week, the father
of the young woman protesting againbt the union on account
of the minority of his daughter. The intended bridegroom
is a master chimney-sweeper.— Worcester Journal.
Six persons are in custody at Bacup, or the charge of hay-
ing intentionally lighted a fire in a coal-mine, with the view
of annoying the men in the next pit, several of whom suffered
very materially from the smoke, one of them being entirely
suffocated. It seems that, for some past there have been
disputes as to the boundaries and working of the two adjoin-

The Duke of Norfolk has intimated an intention, through
his steward, Michael Ellison, Esq., to appropriate fifty acres
of ground in the vicinity of Sheffield, and to have it laid out
in a park-like way for the use of the inhabitants of that popu-
lous borough, after the manner of Mr. Strutt's arboretum at
Derby.

penny tonnage for
The claim of Irish vessels to pay one
passing the Skerries Lighthouse bas been decided in the ne-
gative, in the case of the Mercury steamer, from Cork to
Dublin, whose compass was seized for non-payment on her
arrival. A jury of the Queen's Bench has decided against
this demand, which imposed £lO,OOO a-Ye-r on the shipping.
TEN THOUSAND PLEDGES.—It is astonishing, but not
more astonishing than true, that Mr. Hargreaves, pawn-
broker, Barnsley, has at the present time in his establish-
ment upwards of ten thousand distinct pledges. This is a
great number, considering that the pop-ulation of the town
is not more than from thirteen to fourteen thousand.—Leeds
Intelligencer.
Lord Brougham has returned to town in excellent health.
Following the instructions of his medical advisers, his lord-
ship has been in the West of England, refraining equally from
excititing society and severe study. His lordship, however,
is advised not to abandon in town those habits that were
found to be so beneficial in the country.—Sun.

A few days'since, a letter, which had been posted at'Car-
lisle, arrived at the postoffice in this town, bearing the fol-
lowing address, verbatim et literatim :---" For Mr. Hugh
Bladney, 50 fathoms under the ground at the coal pit care of
my brother in law John daly labourer 7 miles beyond ayr on
the post road makes drains and for Scotland.—Ayr paper.

- .
FAILURES IN SCOTLAND.—We regret to have to announce
two other failures in this neigbourhood. The one is an ex-
tensive shipping house in Greenoqk ; the other is a Glasgow
house, in a different line of business, and has been brought
down by a large accommodation paper transactions with a
West India house, which we noticed as having failed this
day week.—Glasgow Herald.

BRANDY AND SALT.—We have been requested to insert
the following wonderful cure by the use of this compound :
John Beecher, son of Captain Beecher, Catherine-square,
Mason-street, Hull, was afflicted with scrofula for seven
years ; he had gone on crutches for the last two years, had
wounds all over his body, and bad been given up as incura-
ble by several medical men. He did not begin to use the
brandy and salt till the 28th of April last (1840). He took
one table-spoonful of the remedy in the morning, and ano-
ther in the afternoon ; and rubbed himself also with it. His
wounds were so bad that he had recourse to a little sperma-
ceti ointment to soften the hardened skin, which he washed
off before applying the brandy and salt. He was cured in
three months, and he is now in good health.—Yorkshire
Gazette.

SKYLARKS.—Yesterday (Thursday) prodigious flocks of
these birds were to be observed throughout the day flying
over the villages of Totteridge and Finchley, in a southerly
direction, wending their course, no doubt, to the sea-coasts
in quest of food and shelter. Skylarks invariably roost on
the ground, and are never known to perch or settle on trees,
so that when the snow lies deep on the earth, they are una-
ble to obtain a roosting-place in the fields, which, with the
inability of procuring food, compels them to shift their
quarters. The migration of these birds has ever been re-
garded as a sure and infallible prognostic of a Siberian win-
ter, for they are never known to quit their accust6Pned stub-
bles, and seek another latitude, but when instinctively con-
scious of the absolute necessity of migrating.—Correspondent
of the Times. •

MR. OASTLER.--.-We are concerned to state that this gen-
tleman is now an inmate of the Fleet Prison, at the suit of
Mr. Thornhill. What Mr. T. can gain by this incarcera-
tion, we confess ourselves at a loss even to conjecture.
Money Mr. Oastler has none, and we think we know his
disposition too well to suppose that he will make any appli-
cation to his friends ; and, indeed, were such an application
to be made from any other quarter, we much question if
Mr. 0. wculd lay himself under the obligation of accepting
his liberation by such means. \Ve would not wish to say
anything reflecting upon Mr. Thornhill ; nevertheless, we do
think the imprisoning of Mr. Oastler, at this inclement sea-
son, to be a harsh, if not an unnecessary proceeding. To
assist Mr. Oastler in prison, his Huddersfield friends are
now endeavouring to devise the best means in their power,
and we trust that every town and village in Yorkshire, as
well as in other counties, will follow in their steps.—Leeds
Intelligencer.

Wheat . . . .
Barley . . .
Malt
Oats
Rye
Beans . . .
Pease.. . .
Shelled Barb
Indian Coin
Rapeseed . .
Oatmeal
Flour
Ditto .

It is rumoured that Lord Barham will be created Earl o f
Guisborough on the christening of the Princess Royal.

Captain Wemvss•will have the Lieutenancy of Fife; vacant
by the death of Robert Ferguson, Esq., of Raitb.

M. de la Bourdonnais, the celebrated chess-player, has just
died in London. He had been for some time ailing.
We learn that it is the intention of government to increase
our naval force in the Mediterranean to 25 sail of the line.—
Brighton Gazette.
On Tuesday evening Mrs. Hughes, the lady of Captain
Hughes, of Naas, county Kildare, whilst sitting at dinner,
suddenly dropped from the chair, and, without speaking a
word, she breathed her last. Mrs. Hughes was sister to
Captain Carter, of Carlow, and was 74 years of age the day
of -her death.

On Monday last an inquest was held at Cheltenham on the
body of Jeremiah Daly, a labourer, who met his death by
swallowing a teaspoon, which he bad put in his mouth for
the purpose of making himself sick, when, being seized with
a violent retching, it actually drew the spoon from his hand,
and forced it down his stomach. Verdict—Accidental Death.
Mrs. Benson, (wife of Lieutenant Benson, late of the 57th
Regiment,) who resides at Chatham, was a candidate for the
honour of nursing the Royal Princess. She proceeded to
town on the 20th ult., but unfortunately arrived two hours
too late, a nurse having been already engaged. His Royal
Highness Prince Albert on Wednesday week wrote to Mrs.
Benson a very kind note, and enclosed a hundred pounds for
her trouble and disappointment.
As the Marquis of Douro was returning on' Friday after-
noon from a day's shooting with Lord Wodehouse, at Kim-
berley, his chaise was unfortunately overturned near the
Colney gate, on the Hingham-road, by coming in contact
with the donkey cart of a man named Copeman of Little
Melton, who was intoxicated, and apparently asleep in the
cart. The noble lord was thrown with great violence on the
ground, and received a severe cut on the nose, but was ena-
bled to pursue his route to Norwich.—Bury Post.
We have heard recently some touching instances of the
benevolence of Queen Adelaide, as manifested towards per-
sons resident in this town, which at once prove the good-
ness of her heart, and show that her Majesty has not for-
gotten a place rendered dear to her by past associations. It
would, we are sure, be far from acceptable to this royal and
excellent lady, were we to specify further the cause to which
we allude : they will be registered, with a multitude of simi-
lar acts, " where moth and rust do not corrupt" the record
of good and virtuous deeds.—Brighton Gazette.
Amongst the officers who served on board the Charlotte,
Sir Robert Stopford's flag-ship, at the late siege of Acre, was
one of the sons of Sir Robert Peel. The gallant youth, who
ranks as " mid," is understood during the whole of his short
service to have forwarded to his distinguished father a faithful
diary of all the events which have fallen under his notice, and
his narrative of the affair at Acre is said to be peculiarly
interesting.

LIGHT SOVEREIGNS.—Great complaints are made of the
number of light sovereigns now in circulation. Of a parcel
of 18,000, lately sent into the bank, 1090 were rejected as
short weight, and the loss upon the rejected portion was
from to per cent. It may be stated in general that all
the sovereigns issued in the reign of George 111. are light :
they are distinguished by having an effigy of St. George and
the dragon on the reverse: those of George IV., with the
arms of England on the reverse, are generally of weight.—
Sheffield Iris.

COUNTY MAYO ELECTION.—The Dublin Evening Mail
states that Mr. Charles L. Kirwan has retired from the con-
test for the representation of the county Mayo. That jour-
nal says—" Finding that Mr. Charles L. Kirwan would be
beaten by a small numerical majority, his committee have
advised him, and we think wisely, not to go to the poll upon
the present occasion, arrangements having been made that
must insure his return, should an election take place, either
from casualty or dissolution, within six months from the
next registration sessions."

EXTRAORDINARY BLOCKS OF MARBLE.—The Menlough
Quarries, near Galway, so long and so justly celebrated for
the very superior quality of black marble which they contain,
have just produced several of the finest and largest blocks on
record. It appears that his grace the Duke of Hamilton,
regardless of the expense, determined upon employing the
Galway black marble for the principal staircase and the land-
ings of his magnificent palace now building near Glasgow.
For this purpose he instructed his agents to procure a quan-
tity of the best and largest-sized blocks that could be found.
After considerable trouble and expense the proprietors of the
above quarries succeeded in raising several fine blocks of ex-
traordinary size and weight, the largest of which, when first
moved from its natural bed measured sixteen feet by twenty-
two feet ; the others varying in size and weight from five
to thirteen tons. Owing to the want of proper machinery,
and to the extreme lowness of the water in the river, it was
found necessary to reduce the largest block considerably be-
fore it could be shipped with safety. Upon its being landed
at Wood Quay, it was placed on a powerful truck built ex-
pressly for the purpose, and even then 150 men were re-
quired to convey it down to the new docks. These immense
blocks are in the first instance, to be shipped to the Marble
Working Company, Esher-street, Millbank, London, where
they are to be sawed, polished, and elaborately worked up by
means of the unique and wonderful machinery belonging to
that establishment, and from thence they are to be removed
to Glasgow, to be forwarded to their final destination, Hamil-
ton Palace. Now that it is ascertained that blocks of such ex-
traordinary size and beauty can be procured, there is but little
doubt that this descriprion of black marble will come into
more general demand, and be introduced for a variety of use-
ful as well as ornamental purposes, for which it is evidently
so admirably adapted.
ADMIRAL WALKER.—Baldwin. Wake Walker, Esq., cap-
tain in the British and admiral in the Turkish service, served
on board the Menai, Captain Moresby, till about the year
1820, when he was promoted to the rank of a lieutenant. He
afterwards served as senior lieutenant of the /Etna, bomb,
at the taking of Mora Castle and Patras, in 1838. Subse-
quently he was first lieutenant of the Barham, under Captain
Pigott, and acquired a considerable reputation in that situa-
ti .n, which is, next to the captain, the most important—and,
in many cases, the most important on board. On the first
lieutenant, unless the captain be himself an extremely active
and clever person, the discipline of the ship chiefly depends ;
and the officer who can adequately fill that post is fit for the
highest command. In 1834, Mr. Walker was promoted to
the rank of commander, and was subsequently appointed to
the Vanguard, commanded at first by Captain Bouverie, and
afterwards by Sir Thomas Fellows. In 1838, Captain Walker
was raised to the rank of a post-captain, and entered the
Turkish navy for the purpose of disciplining the Turkish
fleet. In his new capacity he served on board the ship of the
Capudan Pasha, when the Turkish fleet was cruising with
the English squadron in that year ; but he left that ship be-
fore the Capudan Pasha traitorously delivered up the Turkish
squadron to Mehemet Ali. Captain Walker has the repu-
tation of being what is called a smart officer; but he has also
the sterling merit of being a good seaman. In person he is
tall, stout, and handsome—is married, and has a family. His
wife has joined him at Constantinople. The gallant officer
is related to the ancient Northamptonshire family of Wake,
of Courteen, and thence derived his Christian names. The
late capture of Acre has raised him to the highest rank of
naval merit, aad secured for him promotion and the title of
pasha, in the service of the sultan, where he may achieve his
own greatness, and promote the interests of his native coun-
try.—London paper.

SECOND EDITION.

Standard-ojice, Three o'clock,

LIVERPOOL CORN EXCHANGE,—Tho DAY

(From Messrs. R. MAKIN 8r SONS' Circular.)

Since the report of Friday, some further parcels of Oats
and Oatmeal have got in froga Ireland, forming a tolerable
quantity of each ; but of any other produce, either English
or Irish, the receipts are light; and being still impeded by
east winds, we have had no foreign arrivals during the week:
of home-grown Wheat, however, the supply is rather liberal,
and the condition much improved by the prevalence of dry
frosty weather, but the quality for the most part being infe-
rior to the earlier deliveries, good samples alone sell freely
at our quotations.

A further improvement in Wheat, in the principal mar-,
kets of this district last week, and in London yesterday'
produced but little effect upon the trade for that grain here
this morning, except merely in promoting transactions to a
moderate extent, and without any decided advance upon the
current rates of this day se'nnight. Foreign free Flour con-
tinued to meet a fair demand at rather higher prices, and
the stock .of this description having been considerably re-
duced, good working marks of Irish were Is. per sk. dearer,
and appear likely to come into more general request : of the
former in bond, a few sales have been made at 265. per barl.
for export.

Barley, Malt, and Beans, upon a limited supply, remained
unaltered in value. Pease, on the contrary, were is to 2s
per quarter cheaper, and difficult of sale.
Oats and Oatmeal, having been chiefly sold on arrival,
few samples were offering to-day ; the former in con-
sequeuce obtained a slight

improvement, and the latter 6d
potations.

per 2-101bs over last week's

ARRIVA
From the 15th to the 2:

LS OF CORN,
Ist December, 1840, inclusive

DESCRIPTION.
1 LAND

CANADA Fu-
REIGN

Qrs. 8248
Qrs. 10

Loads i 5396
Sacks 758
. Brls.

•
Into Runcorn, Ireland and Coastwise, Wheat, qrs.
qrs.; Oats. qrs. ; Oatmeal, loids ; Flour, sacks

EXPORTS.—Foreign. Barley, o qrs. ; Oats, 385 qrs. • Pease, 16 cps.
Indian Corn. qrs. ; Flour, 552 barrels.... Ireland. Wheat, 348
qrs ; Oatmeal, lds. ; Flour, sacks 0 barrels.—Coastwise.
Wheat, 1052 qrs.; Barley, 191 qrn. ; Malt, 25 qrs. ; Oats, 0 qrs. ;
' Beans, qrs. ; Pease, qrs. ; Oatmeal, lds. ; Flour, 483
sacks, 1023 barrels.

Average prices of Grain, for the week ending Dec. 11, 1840
Wheat.. 585.10 d. I Barley 325. Od. I Oats.. 218. 11d. I Rye
Beans.. 413. 4d. I Pease .. 408. Id.
Aggregate average of the six weeks.
Wheat.. 60s. gd. I Barley.. 335. Bd. I Oats.. 225. Id. I Rye
Beans.. 435. Od. I Pease.. 425. 4d

355. 46

Duty on Foreign Grain, &c. this week.
Wheat 265.8 d. Barley 12s. 4d. Oats .. I 13s. gd. Rye.. 16s. gd
Beans, as. Od. I Pease.. 6s. 6d. I Ind. Corn 12s. 4d Flourl6s.Oid.

Liverpool Averages, week ending 15th December, 1840.
Wheat. I Barley. Oats. I Beans. Pease
697 86
545. ld. I Os. Od. 21s. gd. Os. Od

LONDON CORN EXCHANGE—YESTERDAY.
At our market this morning, we had only a very moderate
fresh supply of English wheat, and the quality being good,
we experienced a ready sale for the artiCle at an advance
of 2s per quarter on the quotations of Monday last. There
was likewise an improved demand to-day for foreign wheat,
and we must note it from is to 2s per quarter dearer. Flour
was more inquired for, and ship marks were about is per
sack higher. Of barley the receipts were small, and having
a good attendance of maltsters and distillers, the finest quali-
ties realised an ircprovement of is per quarter, and the inferior
sorts firmly maintained their former value. The arrivals of
oats have been extremely limited, not a single quarter havirig
come to hand from Ireland during the past week ; factors,
consequently, held for money, and the best heavy corn was
taken off at prices from 6d to is per quarter above those ob-
tainable on this day se'nnight. Beans were plentiful, and is
per quarter cheaper. Peas were without alteration.

THEATRE-ROYAL, MANCHESTER.

IUrR. CLARKE most respectfully announces to the Pul
LYJ.. lic, that having made arrangements with the Propri
tors for the tenancy of the above Establishment, the Theat
will re-open, under
HIS SOLE MANAGEMENT,
on SATURDAY next, December 26th, on which Evenii
the two most attractive and celebrated Performers of the da
MISS ELLEN TREE
AND
MR. CHARLES KEAN,.
who are engaged for a few nights, will sustain the characte
of Pauline Desehappelles and Claude Melnotte, in Sir E. 7
Bulwer's popular Drama of •
THE LADY OF LYONS,
being the first time in which Mr. Charles Kean and Mi
Ellen Tree have performed together in Manchester.-1
conclude with the Drama of
BLACK-EYED SUSAN.
Mr. Charles Kean and Miss Ellen Tree will perform eve,
night next week at the Manchester Theatre.

Doors to be opened at half-past Six, and the Performs
to commence at Seven. The Box-office will be opened
Saturday next, and will continue open daily, when Place
the Lower Boxes may be taken from Eleven until Three.

LIVER THEATRE, CHURCH-STREET.

Last Five Nights of Mr. ELTON

Last Four Nights of the CHIARINI FAMILY.
Mrs. RAYMOND, in one of her most popular character
Mr. RAYMOND, in a new Irish Character.

?THIS present MONDAY EVENING, -the an
TO-MORROW, the 22d instant, the Performances wi
commence with a new Drama, called
THE DELUSION;
OR, MADNESS AND SANITY.
Sir Bernard Harleigh Mr. Elton.
The CHIARINI FAMILY will display some of the newest an
most pleasing effects on the ROPE.
To which will be added the laughable Interlude, called
LONDON LARKS ;
OR, THE HAPPY AFRICAN !
Murtoch Delany Mr. Raymond.
The CHIARINI INFANT CHILDREN will appear in a ne,
petite Ballet, called THE PAS SAVOYARD.

,
a
To conclude with new, popular, and highly-successfu
Romantic Drama, called
THE SILVER CRESCENT;
OR, THE OATH OF VENGEANCE!
Jacinths Mrs. Raymond.

TO-MORROW EVENING, the 23d instant, a var
of Entertainments for the BENEFIT of Mr. ELTON,
last night but two of his appearance.
THURSDAY next, the 24th, various Novelties for
BENEFIT of the CHIARINI FAMILY, their last n

in England

FRIDAY, no Performance

On SATURDAY, the 26th instant, THREE NE
DRAMAS ; on which occasion Mr. TILBURY and It
and Mrs. HIGGIE will make their first appearance, and I
night of Mr. ELTON.

`On MONDAY, the 28th instant, Mrs. WAYLETT
make her first appearance, being engaged for a limit
period. _ _

- Tickets and Places to be had of Mr. J. FOGG, at the Box
office, from Eleven to Three.

Boxes, 3s. ; Pit, 2s. ; Gallery, 6d. Second Price, Hal
past Eight, Boxes, 2s. ; Pit, is. ; no Second Price to tl
Gallery. Doors to be opened at Half-past Six. Perforn
ante to commence at Seven precisely. _ _

Private Boxes, to contain Seven, to be bad on applical
at the Theatre, price £1 ls.
A limited number of Season Tickets on Sale, at
Box-office. Stage Manager, Mr. C. F. MARSHAL'

ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS, LIVERPOOL.
THIS Fashionable Place of Amusement is NOW OPEN
I. for the CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS. Several rare and
splendid Specimens have lately been added to the Collection,
among which are the Great African Ostrich, and a Pair of
very rare and singular Animals, the Water Buffalo, the.only
Specimens ever brought to Liverpool. The Barbary Lioness
has lately produced a fine Male Cub, which is now to be
seen in perfect health in the Gardens. The Animals are fed
daily, at Three o'clock in the afternoon. Admission, ls.
each.

THE THREE CARACCI,
FOUNDERS OF THE BOLOGNESE SCHOOL

THE celebrated PAINTINGS of SUBJECTS from RE-
.A. LIGIOUS HISTORY, by Annibal, Agostino, and Lu-
dovico Caracci, are NOWT ON VIEW, at the UNION
GALLERY, Slater-street, out of Bold-street, from Nine
o'clock till Four, by Day-light. Admittance, One Shilling ;
Children, Sixpence. In the Evening, from Five o'clock till
Ten, brilliantly Illuminated with Gas. Admittance, Six-
pence. JOHN BENTLEY, Keeper.

THE CARACCI
NOTICE.

j/[R. BENTLEY being desirous that the celebrated Pic-
al tures of Scriptural Subjects, by these great Masters,
should be seen by all classes, with a view of diffusing a taste
for the Fine Arts, has fixed the Terms for the Evening Exhi-
bition of these Pictures at SIXPENCE, that rate to com-
mence at Five o'clock. The Union Room is brilliantly
lighted by Gas whenever the daylight begins to decline.
Slater-street Union Gallery.

Just Published, Price 45.,
A POLL BOOK

FOR THE LAST

MUNICIPAL ELECTION ;
Skewing the Duplicate Qualifications of the VOTERS,
and the WARDS in which they polled. The Lists
have been examined with the Polling Papers in the

possession of the Mayor. This publication, whic
has been compiled with the utmost care, will be foun
of great utility as
A BOOK OF REFERENCE,

and will be found of service to the several Wan
Committees in carrying on the• Canvass for the ensu

z ng year.
Printed and sold by LACE and ADDISON, Stand
eke; and sold also by other Booksellers.

rbt Zthrrpool &tanbarb.

TUESDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 22, 184

We have received our files of the Jamaica Royai
Gazette and Standard to the 31st of October, inclu-
sive. The House of Assembly had met on the 27th
of October, when his Excellency the Governor deli-
vered a speech of considerable length and of great in-
terest. In commencing his address he alluded to the
late diabolical attempt upon the life of our beloved
Queen. He then proceeded to dilate on those topics
which more immediately concerned the prosperity of
the colony, expressing a hope that the House of As
sembly would enter upon their discussion in the same
spirit and with the same zeal and devotion that had
marked their previous deliberations. He said that he
was happy in believing that their labours on the occa-
sion would be lighter than they have hitherto been, al-
though they would still have questions of great impor-
tance to consider.

Sir Charles Metcalfe then proceeded to animadvert
upon the opposition with which some of the acts passeC
during the last session of the House of Assembly had
met with, and especially on the attacks made upon those
acts in public meetings held in England. They had
been accused of designing to restore slavery and co.
ercion in Jamaica, by means of unjust and oppressive
laws. From such a charge it might be supposed that
some monstrous and unprecedented laws had been en-
acted, calculated to produce that astounding effect.
So far, however, from that being the case, the laws so
passed; are, in some instances, transcripts of enact-
ments recently framed, and now in operation in the
United Kingdom ; in others, mitigations of laws previ-
ously existing in Jamaica; and, where particular parts
did not correspond with either of those descriptions,
they in no wise warranted the accusation hazarded, or
could possibly produce the effects alleged to be designed.
He added that "no man, comparing these laws with
those of the mother country, on the same subjects,
could conscientiously retain that misapprehension."
The Governor's language on this subject is so explicit
that we wish we could quote the whole of his admira-
ble speech. The following extract, however, will serve
to show how completely he contradicts the statements
so confidently put forth by the mischievous anti-slavery
344 d. I agitators :

" if these laws were really of the character ascribed to
them by our impugners, it would behove those of our fellow-
countrymen in the United Kingdom, who have joined in the
onset, to consider the beam in their eye before they attempt
to pull out the mote in their brother's eye—for these laws
are in most part their own : and if we have erred in deeming
them just and good, we have been led astray by the example
of the mother country. Whetlier they are necessary, bene-
ficial, or perfect ; whether they might not be improved, or
dispensed with ; whether we have been wrong in supposing
that English laws aro the best models for those of a free
country, are fair questions for temperate and impartial dis-
cussions ; but to say that we are seeking to destroy liber-
ty, and restore slavery, by adopting the laws of the chosen
land of freedom, and mitigating those previously in force
here, is an accusation at once unjust and absurd. Whatever
motives may have given birth to the imputation, I trust that
the prejudice and delusion by which it has been too readily
adopted, will yield to the force of truth, and to your perse-
verance in a wise and patriotic course."

This mild and dignified rebuke to Mr. Knibb and
his coadjutors, we trust, will have its desired effect.
The people of England have been sadly gulled and
deceived by these itinerant grievance-mongers, and it
is well that the truth should be made known respecting
the actual proceedings of our colonial legislatures.
The Governor proceeds to remark that all who are
