' LiYKR tlOOl.

OBTAINING GOODS' BY FALSE PRETENCES.

(From the Manchester Guardian, of Saturday.)
Some successful frauds have been recently practised in this
town, by a man of somewhat decent exterior, whose name ap-
pears to be Alexander Hayes or Hay. In consequence of in--
for Mat ion communicated by some of the suffering parties, Lind-
say, the Salford beadle, proceeded, on Monday last, to a respec-
table house, No. 80, Oldfield-road, Salford; near the Liverpool
and Manchester Railway, and found Hay there. He took hint
into custody, and told him that the charge against him was for
having obtained some goods by false pretences, and, without
having paid fur them, having resold them at a much lower price.
Hay acknowledged hat he had purchased but not paid for the
goods, and that he had sold them again. In answer to further
inquiries as to his name, &c., he presented Lindsay with his
card, which was to the following effect:—".Mr. Hay, surgeon
and accoucheur, (late of the honourable East India Company's
service,) 80, Oldfield-road, Salford." He told Lindsay that-he
had just returned trout the Eastindies; but, notwithstanding
all this apparent respectability", Lindsay conveyed hiin to the
lock-up, and the uext day the prisoner was plaCed at the bar of
the New Bailey, and some evidence was giveu, sufficient to au-
thorize his detention ; after which he was remanded to yester-
day, in order to give an opportunity of making inquiries, and
getting further evidence as to various cases.
Yesterday the prisoner was again placed at the bar. He had
a military air, and wore an invisible green frock coat, and blue
cloak with velvet collar. Mr. Cooper, attorney, who appeared
for the complainants, first called Mrs. Hannah Barnett, glass
dealer, of the Staffordshire House, Peter-street; and it appeared
from her etridence and that of her (laughter, that the prisoner
first called there on the 11th ult., and ordered some decanters,
&c. of the daughter. Mrs. Barnett went the day afterwards to
the prisoner's house, to see if, from appearances there, she might
venture to give the prisoner credit; and, finding several joiners
at work, and the house fitted up in a respectable St}le, she
thought she might trust him, especially as he alio stated that he
was a doctor who had been iu the East ludia Company's ser-
vice, and was retiring with an allowance or pension. She ac-
coidingly delivered some of the goods, and he afterwards came
again and obtained some more, and then gave his tia..ne Dr.
Hay, and stated that he had a pensimi of 7s. 6d. a day. besides
prize money and other allowances to the extent of £2OO a year
additional. He' had retired front the service, and meant, he
said, to reside here on his income, which he spoke of as alto-
gether about ElOO a year. Two more deliveries of goods were
made at the house of the prisoner, who then owed £7 Bs. The
last goods were delivered on the 19th February; and on Monday
last, Mrs. Barnett, passing the shop of Mrs. Fazakerley, furni-
ture broker, 23, Great Bridgewater-street, saw in the window,
to her no small surprise, some of her own decanters. Mrs.
Fazakerlev stated that she had alien induced to purchase the
decanters of the prisoner at a 're(llllZed price, by his tale of dis-
tress. He described himself to her as having been a traveller
in the paper trade; hut being out of a situation, and having a
child dead in the house, he was compelled to sacrifice these arti-
cles. Lindsay, the Salford beadle, said, that though the 'pri-
soner, when first apprehended, said he had just conie froux India,
he had stated next morning that he had been twelve years in
England, the last three of them in the customs at Liverpool.—
Mr. Yates, upholsterer and cabinet maker, Princess-street,
stated that the prisoner had obtained of him' furniture to the
amount of £7O I6s. Bd., and represented himself as a surgeon,
late in the East India Company's service.—Lindsay said that
when the prisoner was apprehended he requested to have a tin
case containing some papers, and this had been taken posses-
sion of by the police. One of the papers it contained was a
certificate that a pension had been granted to Alexander Hayes,
late a private in the Hon. East India Company's infantry, on
the Bombay establishment. This certificate stated, that [(ayes
had been admitted a pensioner on the company's military fund,
on, the 12th July, 1826, at the rate of fifteen pence a day; anti:it gave a copy of his description from his discharge, by which it
appeared that he was then 23 years of age, 5 feet 71 inchaa high,
of dark complexion, long visage, grey eyes, dark hair, ; that he
had been Once years and six months in the service ; was by
trade a weaver, and a native of Donegal. •-"lrlie cause of his
discharge was stated to be, that his lefearni vas fractured, and
the fingers contracted; the certificate set foith that he purposed
to reside in Liverpool. ''The pension' was to be paid half yearly
£ll Bs. 94. at Midsummer, and-'£ll 7s. 6d. •at Christmas, It
was addressed "Capt. Travers, E. I. C. agent, Cork."
-Mr. John Taylor, attorney, said the instructions he had re-
ceived from the prisoner's wife were, that he certainly had pur-
•chased the goods-as stated, and that some money which he ex-
pected from abroad not haVing reached him, and having a large
bill of exchange to meet, he had been obliged to sell some arti-
cles ata sacrifice to enable him to meet the, bill.--Mr. Foster
directed the examination of witnesses to be taken in both cases
against the prisoner. In answer to an inquiry as to the restitu-
tion of articles found at the prisoner's house, Mr. Foster said he
could give no-direction as to the goods —Mr. Taylot said, that,
in fact, Mr. Cooper, of the St. Phillip's Tavern, Salford, the
landlord, had seized all the goods in the house, under a distress
for rent; and when that was satisfied, the surplus proceeds
would be handed to the wife.
A young man, from the shop of Messrs R. and J. Clough,
ironmongers, &c. Market-street, stated, that the prisoner went
there on Saturday, the 24th ult., and ordered a fender and some
other articles, amounting to £2 'l2s.' which he directed to be
sent to his house, leaving his card of address. 'rhe porter was
sent with these goods, but was enjoined not to leave them un-
less he was paid. It so happene t that the porter was an old
soldier; and Mr. Hay, having dis Covered this, had the man
into the parlour, gave hint spirits, talked to him of India and
the army; and the porter, of course. came back with a flattering
account of Mr. Hay's circumstances and credit, but without
the money. Tire collecting clerk was then sent to Mr. Hay,
who promised tb call and pay the amount on Monday. In the
meantime, Mrs. Hay went to the shop, in a hackney coach,
and looked out the most expensive tea trays, tea urns. &c., and
a great variety of articles, to the amount of about £2O. Mr.
Clough, however, directed that these should not be sent, unless
they were first paid for. On\ Monday, the prisoner made his
appearance; affected to be offended at the supposition that he
would not pay for the goods; drew from his pocket, and pre-
tended to search, a large black pocket-book. or bill-case, as if
for a bank note; in doing which, he managed to display a note
so folded as to- exhibit "£5O. Bank of —." He said, he
supposed he must be responsible fur the other and larger order•
given by Mrs. Hay, and he paid the £2 125., expecting, proba-
bly, that Messrs Cloughs would be induced to send the second
parcel of ..toods; but in this he was disappointed, for the goods
were never sent. After the prisoner's apprehension, Lindsay
searched the house, and found the pocket-book in a back-room.
He produced it; and it appeared to be of a form used in the
customs. It had a stamp or "Win. IV." and a.crown, on the
leather; and inside was written, "A. Hayes, customs, 13th
May, 1831" In one of the pockets Lindsay found the note,
which proved to be what is termed a " flash note," of the
" Bank of Elegance."

Though the —cases above noticed were the only ones entered
-into before the magistrates, the prisoner has by no means con-
fined his operations to the three tradesmen there mentioned.
We understand he obtained of Mr. Zanetti a chimney glass,
value £l3; of Mr. Thelwell, silver plate, &c. to the amount of
£3:l Bs. ; of M r, Goodall, King-street, carpets, Ike. to the amount
of £25; of Mr. Pickfords, beds and bedding to the amount of
£l6; of Messrs. Kendal, Milne, and Faulkner, cloaks. &c. £25;
of Messrs. Lawson, Kemp, and Pringle. shawls to :he value of
£7 10s; and of Mr. Hymn, St. Mary's Gate, clothes for himself
to the extent of £lO. Of these goods, we believe Mr Yates,
Messrs. Lawson, Kemp, and Pringle, Mr. Thelwell (except two
work-boxes, pledged by the prisoner,) and Messrs. Kendal,
Milne, and Faulkner, recovered the whole or the greater part
the at tidies sold by them to the prisoner, Hay had also obtain-
ed groceries from the shop of Mr. Morley,- Chapel-street, Sal-
ford, to the amount of £5; and two barrels of teuilenny ale, of
Mr. B. Joule, brewer, New Bailey-street.
Nor have his operations been confined in this town; for in
the pocket-book were various invoices not receipted, for different
descriptions of goods obtained by hint from tradesmen and shop-
keepers in Liverpool. One of these appears to have been for
the 'leak the prisoner wore in the dock. It was dated, " Dec.
29, 1837; Mr. A. Hay to 'l'. B. Hayward, one superfine blue
cloth cloak, lined through and velvet collar, £3 10s." Another
was to " William Christian—to amount of accounras per check
book, £3 17s 9d." Another dated January 4, 1838, to S. R.
Nightingale, a Venetian blind Manufacturer, £4 25." Of C.
Hargreaves, tailor, Bold-street, the prisoner appears to have
obtained on the 2d January last, an invisible greets frock coat,
with velvet collar and a figured Valencia waistcoat; together,
£4 Ss. Of a Mr. M'Convill, in December last, feather beds,
ticking, Sze. to the amount of £7 6s. How some of these articles
had been disposed of, might be inferred from several pawn-
tickets, of articles pledged both in Liverpool and Manchester.
In the tin box were several other papers which appear to re-
late to the prisoner. One of them was to the following effect :
" Camp, Biljaum, Oct. 57, 1825.
" This is to certify, that private Alexander Hayes, of the 2(1
company, Ist Bombay European regiment, is entitled to share
as a private in the capture made at Kittoor, in the month of
December, 182.1; and that his name is borne upon the prize
roll, and has been returned to the prize ageni; and that no part
of the prize-money has beets received at the regiment at this
date. (Signed)
A. M'D. Ws rsori, Adjt. Ist B. E. Regt.
(Countersigned)
Gao. P. TAYLOR, Capt. in charge."
Another was a document apparently cut out of a letter, or, at
all events, without the name of the port. It was as follows:
" Alexander Hayes has served in the water-guard, at this
port, since • May 13, 1834, and. has always conducted himself as
a sober and trustworthy man. Ile leaves the service of the 'cus-
toms at his own request."
(Signed) L. C. J. WALKER, Inspector of Revenue."
" Nov. 29, 1837."

We believe the prisoner took the house in Oldfield-road about

two months ago; and there is reason to believe, that he has ob-
tained goods since that time of other persons, besides those
above named.

NATIONAL EDUCATION.—CLERGY OF KILMORE.—The Lord
Bishop and Clergy of the Diocese of Kilmore have agreed to a
petition to the House of Lords (similar to that recently adopted
in Derry) against the system of the National Board of Educa-
tion. The petitioners state that the modifications proposed .by
the board increase, rather than diminish their objections; and
they pray for a grant to promote scriptural education in Ire-
land. It is stated that petitioners of a similar character are in
preparation in all other dioceses.

At a moment when the French society, for the abolition ,of
slavery, is providing, under the patronage of noble ladies, for
the black children in the colonies, we are astonished to find the
feelings of maternity degenerating so touch in France under
the baneful influence of misery. At the colliers of the streets,
sod in the public squares, the police pick up every morning a
number of infants abandoned by their parents, either dead or
dying The hospitals are full of them. In the departments, as
well as in Paris. the local budgets are swelled beyond measure
by the necessity of making a provision for foundlings ; family
ties are in a complete relaxation. Within some days a consi-
derable number of infanticides have taken place.—L'OuiTe Mer.
THE SPITA L FIELDS WEA VERS.—The misery of these
wretched victims af free trade is on the increase. Last night
they held a very numerous meeting, at the Golden Heart,
Pliceuix-street, for the purpose of petitioning both houses of
parliament, and memorialising herher Majesty for a protective
sluty against the importation of French silks. It appears that,
although the weaving population, has been increasing since
1821, the wages have been reduced £lOOO per day since that
year. Several cases of dreadful misery were detailed to the
meeting.—Stvdard, Saturday.
MELANCHOLY CIRCUMSTANCE,--On Saturday night, about
half•past eleven o'clock, as Richard Williams was passing along
Knot he saw a man lying across the footpath; and on en-
deavouring. to raise him up, finding that the man was quite sense-
less, he immediately called the assistance of the watchman;
and a crowd gathering, a suigettn was sent for, but none could
be procured. The man vas then conveyed to the Infirmary,
but before he reached there life was extinct. .On Monday an
inquest was held on the body, when it appeared front it card and
documents found in the pockets of the deceased, that his uame
was John Tilley, professorof music; andthathe had been many
years of the King's Theatre and Vanxhall orchestras, and that
he ails in a state of great distress. The appearance of the man,
which was wretched in the extreme, fully confit med the poverty
of his circutnstances Sickle, the police officer, recognised the
body, and said that he knew Tilley when highly respectable, and
that he had now a brother in the King's them re, London. De-
ceased appeared to be about 50 yeata of age. The jury found •
that he died by "the risitatiou of God."--Mundyrs .Guar-
dian. .

MEETING OF THE WEST DERBY RATEPAYERS

On Thursday morning a meeting 's' the ratepayers of West
Derby was held at the Workhouse, Lowbitl, " for the purpose
• of determining on recommending one or more persona to the
board of guardians of the West Derby Union, to fill the situa-
• tion of assistant overseer cud collector of the pool's-rate within
• that township." The place of meeting was crowded.
Mr. SAMUEL PiEacE, the senior overseer, was called to the
chair. He read the requisition requesting the overseers to call
the meeting, and briefly stated its purport. It was also made
known to the meeting that Mr. Pennell had sent in his re.,ig-
nation as a rate-collector.
A very desultory discussion then ensued as to the utility of
the meeting, some gentlemen affirming that it was quite un-
necessary, and others affirming that the recommendation of the
meeting would have great weight with the guardians.
Mr. HARDY, for the purpose of putting a stop to the dialogue,
would beg to ask from whom the meeting emanated, and what
Was the object contemplated. (Here several persons cried out
" Don't you know ?" •` Did'nt you hear the reqoisiOn read ?"
' and one gentleman exclaimed, "That man had better sit down.")
• , Mr. H. said that they must have very limited capacities, else
• I they would have seen his motive in acting as he had done. As
I to that person who hail said, "That matt had better sit down,"
he should only say, "That fellow had better have held his
tongue." His object was to lea' u whether they could have any
confidence as to the recommendation of the meeting being at-
feuded to.
Mr. T. Smut.' was of opinion that, if the recommendation were
made, the board of guardians would attend to it; if not, they
would of course appoint whoever they chose. •
Mr. FAULKNER said that the affairs of the parish had hitherto
been well managed, and it was not with their good will that
they were driven to the necessity of change: but the necessity
was imposed on them by the poor-law commissioners, acting
under the act of parliament. If, however, they were to be
driven to change, be hoped that it would be made as light as
possible. The assistant overseer, he said, had very great duties
to perform, and he was in favour of a total separation of the
officers of collector and assistant overseer; but, if they were
over ruled in this desire, they must of course submit. He then
proposed Mr. Dolling, as a fit and proper person to be recom-
mended to the guardians to fill the office of collector.—The
motion was seconded by Mr. THOS. FIiEME.
Mr. CHA DWICK, seconded by Mr. THOMAS LOVATT, moved
that Mr. John Eastwood shoula be the person recommended.,
Mr. PENNELL said that he should not be doing his duty if he.
did not state that it was the decided wish of the Majority of the
ratepayers that the whole of the taxes should be collected-by
one person. There was a plan which, if they adopted it, the
poor law commissioners might perhaps be induced to accede to
—namely, to diviJelliti township into two districts—the muni-
cipal and the rural---:and to have a collector for each district,
both of whom might collect all the taxes. oOe person, he felt
certain, would not be able to do the whole duty.
Mr. 'l'. Slurru said that the poor law act was opposed to thatZ
The object of that act was not,to divide and do the work well,
but to:centralize; and their overseer would havCtostiperin-
tend, not the half of a township, but two or threadlistinct towu-
ships. The poor law 'cothinissioners would tack on to theirs
that of the Park and some other places. (Cries of " No, nu.")
Mr. R. WI. LAN said that thedutees of assistant overseer
would be very light, and he thought that the better plan would
be to have two collectors, one-Of whom might also fill the office
of assis'ant overseer. . •
Mr. PENNELL eventually shaped his proposition, for the di-
vision of the township into two districts, into the form of a mo-
tion, which was seconded by Mr. Duck woant hut a great
deal of animated and warm conversation ensued before it could
be hrOught to the vote, so that at last the meeting had nearly
lost' dll knowledge of the import of the 'notion.
• The CHAIRMAN having obtained silence, stated that'the sim-
ple question for their decision was, whether the township should
'be divided into two districts for collecting purposes.
The motion was then put to the vote, and carried by a large
majority, there being only five or six dissentient voices.
Mr. PENNELL said, that as it had been determined to divide
the township, he thought it would be advisable that the munici-
pal or town collector should also tie the assistant overseer, as
he would, from the fact of his residing within the town, be al-
! ways accessible to the guardians and overseers. One part of
the duty of the assistant overseer would be to make out the lists
of the county and borough voters, and of all persons eligible to
serve on juries: and it should, therefore, be a point of especia
importance to select an individual who would act impartially in
the drawing out of those lists. As concerned himself, he would
observe, that he defied any man on earth to bring a single case
against hum wherein he. had acted partially in the performance
of that duty. On one occasion, the overseer desired hint to
make out the lists of parliamentary electors; he did so. insert-
ing the names of all who were entitled to be upon it; but when
it was published, he found therein the names of six persons who
had no right to be there. (Loud cries of " Hear, bear.") He
did not say to what party in politics they belonged; but this he
would affirm, that they all belonged to one party.
Mr. SANDERS, the law-clerk, cautioned Mr. Pennell that
what he had uttered, whether true or false, was a libel against
the overseers. If true, he said, their conduct ought to be
brought before the House of Commons.
A gentleman stated that the six names were claims which had
been sent in, and the overseers thought it incumbent on them
to insert them in the list.
Mr. FAULKNER then modified his former motion, proposing
that Mr. Dolling should be reCommended to fill the offices of
municipal collector and assistant overseer for the whole town- I
ship.

Mr. T. SMITH wished to know how many officers were to be
thrust upon Mr. Dolling:' he had already two or three, and it
was %try material that they should not overburden any one.
(Laughter and cheers, and great interruption.) They had beard
patiently the encomiums which had been passed on Mr. D. ; he
wished to know if they were determined to hear nothing on the
contrary. (Cries of " have you a motion to make ?") He had
a high respect for the gentlemen who nominated-Mr. Dolling,
and would take their recommendation as soon its that of any
one; but he—(Great disturbance, and cries of "Hear him,
hear him.")
Mr. H. WILLAN rose and passed a very high eulogium on the
official conduct of Mr. Dolling.
• Mr. SMITH then attempted to address the meeting again;
but so great was the noise and confusion that he could not
proceed.
The CHAIRMAN said that if be (Mr. S.) it td any motion to
make, h' hoped he would come to it as soon as possible.
Mr. SMITH would willingly submit to their condemnation if
what he had to say should not be deemed worthy of their con-
sideration. (Loud shouts of •` Go on !" " Hear him !" and
make a motion !") He had a motion to. make, and one of
great importance; but he thought it could signify little whether
he made it at the beginning or at the close of his remarks. On
one occasion he had looked into sonic portions of one of Mr.
Dulling's account books,—the only one which was accessible to
him; and though he was sorry to say any thing disparaging
against him, for nothing but civility had passed between them,
tie hoped that he should be at all ticaes ready to do his duty.
The book into which he had looked was the highway cash book,
which was under the superintendence of Mr. Dolling, and lie
felt bound to state that that book was in the most slovenly and
scandalous condition of any account book he had ever set his
eyes upon. (Hear, hear.)
Mr. DOLLING indignantly denied that the book was in his
charge. He had not meddled with the book fur the last six
mouths ; and when lie had done so, it was merely to oblige the
collector, Mr. Orrett.
Mr. Stoierri had been told that it was.part of his duty to keep
that book. (Great confusion.) He had wished at the first to en-
. quire what Mr. D's ditties really were, but he had been
checked, su that he was in some measure left to presume that
such was the fact. Mr. S. Concluded by moving that a small
committee should be appointed to examine the book, but the
motion was not entertained.
Mr. HENRY YATES then moved that Mr. John Rowland
should be the person to be recommended as assistant oversee'
and municipal collector.
Mr. HARDY seconded the motion, .and spoke in favour of
Mr. John Howland's competency and character. He also men-
tioned that the law-clerk had told him that if he should persist
in pressing his motion, and it were carried, the. board of guar-
dians vrould not entertain the recommendation. If that was
not treating them with contempt, he knew not what it was.
(Cries of " Shame, shame.',') lie should nevertheless press
his motion. (Great confusion.) It was prat), conduct, certainly,
when he came forward to nominate an individual, for the law •
clerk to say that the board would not appoint him. He pledged
his honor the statement was true.
Mr. SANDERS denied that he had said any such thing as
had been represented : he had either been misunderstood or
misconstrued.

Mr. T. SMITH rose again to speak on the subject of the high:
way cash book, but he was assailed with loud cries of " Spoke,
spoke," "Sit down," "Go on," &c. We understood him to
reiterate his statement that the book he had mentioned was un-
der the care of Mr. Dolling. He said that he had now done his
duty, and he left the matter to the meeting. (Great confusion.)
The CHAIRMAN threatened to dissolve the meeting, unless
more order were preserved. He was certain that nut half a
dozen individuals knew what was going on. (Hear, hear.)
The amendment of Mr. H. Yates, fur the recommendation
of Mr. Rowland, was then put from the chair, when about two-
thirds of the meeting voted for it. The supporters of Mr. Dol-
ling, however, maintained that it had not bcen carried, and
demanded, amidst cries of "Carried, carried," and "Divide,
divide," that the votes should be taken again. It was ultimately
agreed to divide—the friends of .311. Dolling going into the
yard, and those of -Mr. Rowland remaining in the room. As,
however, only 19 left the apartment, and about 60 retrained,
the dissentients admitted that the amendment had been carried.
Mr. CHA nwicx, seconded by Mr. LOVATT, then moved that
Mr. John Easiwoud should be recommended as the collector for
the rural district.

Mr. TOOLMIN, seconded by Mr. THORNTON, proposed that
Mr. William Hodgson should be the person recommended, and
spoke highly of the ability and conduct of the nominee.
Mr. Hainy mentioned that Mr. Eastwood was a householder
and ratepayer in the township, and the other person nominated
was neither the one nor the other. In recommending an
to a responsible 'situation, they shonld not look to com-
petence merely.

Mr. JESSE WINWARD requested that he might have the
liberttsof replying to that last person : he did not know who he
was—("No, nor any one else")—and then proceeded to speak
in a very flattering manner of the character of Mr. Hodgson.
He concluded by saying that the young gentleman could have

.
guarantees to any amount.
The motion and amendment were then put to the vote; but,
as the show of hands was pretty nearly equal for both, the meet-
ing again divided. The Chairman decided that the majority
was in favour of Mr. William Hodgson.
A discussion ensued as to the amount of salary which should
be paid to the collectors-and assistant overseer. It was ultimately
agreed to recommend that both collectors should be paid by a
per ceutage (3 per cent.) on the amount collected, as heretofore.

„ .
As to the assistant overseer, Mr. WILLAN proposed that he
should receive Eli) per annum fof his services.—Mr. 11A auY
moved that the bum should be £6o.—Mr. WiLsoN said that, as

they were almost entirely in
.the dark as to.the duties of the

assistant overseer, the better plan would be to leave to the over-
seers and board of guardians of the township the discretion of
recommending to the pOor-law commissioners (who have the
fixing of the salary) whatever sum their better knowledge might
deem adequate for his services. This proposal .was ultimately
adopted by an almost unanimous vote.
The business of the meeting, which lasted three hours, was
then terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman.

SINGULAR PETRIFACTION.—On Tuesday last the stone get
ters at the Oak Bottoms stone delph, Breightmet, near Bolton
discovered a tree of about thirty feet long, and forty-inches in
circumferance, in a petrified state, in a solid rock, about forty
feet from the surface ofthe earth, and at least thirty feet beneath
the surface of the rock. The inside of the tree is completely
petrefied. and it is covered with an incrustation of carbonised
matter.

BONDING WA DEHOUSES IN MANCDESTER.—We are in-
formed that, on Thursday last. there was a numerous attendance
of the committee appointed to further the above objetit at the
Town El all. The boroughi, eve having taken the chair, a num—
bet of letters were read from members of parliament, promising
their support to a measure having for its object the extension of
the privilege to Manchester. It was also stated, that nearly
four thousand signatures, embracing those of most of the in-
fluential merchants, bad already betn tttaChed to the petition.
—Manchester Cuttrio7.
