Two white flags.—"-Universal Suffrage, Vote by Ballot, and Annual
Parliaments."—" Feargus O'Connor, the consistent Advocate of
the People's Rights."

Men four a-breast.
Sixteen men, with small green banners.
Women four a-breast.
Men twelve a-breast.

White flag.—" Reason no longer with tyrants. Man has but once
to die." •
Men four a-breast.

Flag, moulited with a pike head.
Flag.—" Equal Laws ;" " Hyde Radical Association ;" and " Equal
Laws and Rights."

Female Political Society from Hyde,-with seven flags, and a wel,
engraved portrait of Stephens.

The Hollingwood party, twenty or thirty in number, with two
white flags, brought up the rear.

The procession' it was calculated, might contain in all not
fewer than five thousand persons. Numbers Of persons
walked with the procession on each side of the road, which
presented a continuous stream of human beings moving to-
wards the moor. Numbers of carts with other vehicles, how-
ever, from the country, laden principally by females, in their
holyday attire, continued to drive towards the town, the
merry parties seated in them preferring the urban recreations
usual to the day, to the questionable gratification of hearing
the speeches of the demagogues. Up to eleven o'clock com-
paratively few persons, in straggling parties, were observable
on the moor, but about that hour the procession, with its
accompanying multitudes spread over the ground nearest to
the Manchester road, and continued to accumulate until
noon, when the attendance was at its height ; and (including
holyday people, and some thousands drawn thither from mere
curiosity) the whole never, we should compute, exceeded
twenty to twenty-five thousand. Of these, exclusively of the
five thousand who formed the general procession, there were
not probably more than a thousand or two who could fairly
be denominated chartists, so that the numerical force of the
body mustered in South Lancashire, after so much vapouring
and flourishing of trumpets, is, as compared with the popu-
lation of these ,districts, altogether inconsiderable. Shortly
before eleven o'clock, the Rochdale and Middleton Radical

Association appeared on the ground, preceded by a band of
music, and carrying several flags and banners, bearing inscrip-
tions, amongst which were the following ;—" The Rights of
Man."—" Unity and Strength."—" Taylor, the People's
unflinching Friend."—" We have set our lives upon a cast,
and will stand the hazard of the die."—" United, we stand ;
divided, we fall."—" We know our rights, and we will have
them."—" Tyrants, tremble, for the people are awake."--
" Universal suffrage or death," &c. About eleven o'clock
the Manchester Unions came up, preceded by a band of
music, and three flags, with emblematic representations of
the rose, the shamrock, and !the thistld. Numerous other
flags were borne in the procession. Mr. Feargus O'Connor
and Dr. Taylor, (of Scotland), followed, in an open car-
riage with outriders, and were everywhere hailed with
cheers by the chartists. The Radical Association of Ashton
were accompanied by numbers of persons.from Hyde.—
Amongst the mottoes on their flags,—" Feargus O'Connor,
the constitutional friend of the people ;"—" Reason no longer
with tyrants—men can die but once ;"—" What mean ye,
that ye beat my people, and grind the faces of the poor, saith
the Lord of hosts !" The Failsworth Radical Association
followed, with a banner inscribed " The people are deter-
mined to be free." Next came the Bury Association, headed
by Dr. Fletcher, on horseback, who was loudly greeted as he
approached. Behind him was borne a banner with the words
" Abolition of white slavery." Flag, " The Unsworth
Union." Flag—motto, " Taxation without representation
unjust." " The Union of the people." " Let England's
sons be firm and united, and never relax in their exertions."
" Universal suffrage—Annual parliaments—Vote by ballot—
Abolition of slavery." A tricoloured flag—motto, " May
we struggle for ourselves, that our children may bless us."
Heywood National Association. Flag, " England expects
that every man will do his duty." " Justice for the mil-
lions." Bolton. " We'd rather die for liberty than live in
slavery." " Universal liberty and peace." Tricoloured
flag. Leigh Association. " The people's charter." " Mur-
der demands and shall have justice." Bolton Female Radical
Association. Two flags, " Universal suffrage ;" "No
Corn-laws."

Hindley Union. Flag, "We demand British rights."
Fourteen flags and banners from Stockport.
From Blacow Bridge.—Flag, " Stephens for ever."—Re-
verse, " We are for the people's charter, and the champion
of liberty."
Green flag.—" The cause of the people. Let England's
sons.be firm and united, resolved never to relax in their
exertions so long as oppression lasts."
From Radcliffe.—Flags, Labour is the source of Wealth."
