TITEATRE-ROYAI„ LIVERPOOL,

The Public is respectfully informed, that
MADAME .VESTRIS
Is engaged for a limited periOd, and will make her appearance at
this Theatre in .Two of her original Characters this present
TUESDAY ; and to give evety ii,ssittie effect to the original
Dramas, written expreslv for Mattime Vestris's Establishment,
the following principal Performers heionging to her Theatre,
the Royal Olympic, are engaged
Mrs. A N DERSON,'
(Late Miss Bartolozsi, Sister to Madame Vestris,)
• Mr. CHARLES MATHEWS,
(Son of the late eminent Comedian, whose success at the Royal
Olympic Theatre has been most decided,)
Mr. HOOPER, and Mr.-JAMES VINING,
The Acting -and Stage Managers, and principal Light Come-
dians of the Olympic Theatre;
The popular Favourites
Mr. KEELEY and Mr. F. MATTHEWS,
Of the Theatres-Royal, Drury-lane and Covent-garden, and
Royal Olympic Theatre;
• Mr. COLLIER, Mr. BROUGHAM,
And several other Members of Madame Vestris's Theatre will
perform their original Characters in the Dramas written fur
that Establishment.

• SECOND APPEARANCE, OP
MISS FAUCIT, /-
Of the Theatre-Royal,, Drury-lane, who engaged for the
season:
The whole of the Entertainments ast Night having been
received by a brilliant and crot,ded au ence with the most rap-
turous applause, the same Perform ces will be repeated this
present Evening, (Tuesday,) and morrow, (Wednesday.)
rytHIS present TUESDAY, April 5, 1836, and TO-MOR-
ROW, (Wednesday,) the Entettainmenti,will commence
with a Petit Comedy, called
A DAY AFTER THE WEDDING.
Colonel Freelove Mr. James Vining.
Lady Elizabeth Freelove Miss Faucit.
Alter which a Petit Drarna, as performed in nightly succession
with the greatest attraction-nearly the whole of the last season
at the Royal Olympic Theatre, called
ONE HOUR.

Mr. Charles Swiftly; (his original character,) M r. C. Mathews.
O'Leary ..M r.-Brougham.. Mr. Smith.. Mr. Hughes,
(As performed by therm at the Olympic. Theatre.)
Julia.. (Miss Dalton) Madame Vestris,
(Her original character.)
Fanny..... ( Mrs. Smith)...'. Mrs. Anderson, • .
(Of the King's-Theatre and 'Root Olympicibeatm bertrecattl-
appearance here.)
Mrs. Bevil - • ' • . ..Mrs. Clarke.
To which will be added the favourite Barletta, written for Madame

Veitris's Theatre,
THE LOAN OF A LOVER

Capt. Arnersfort.:ll7lr7EViniii:t. jPeier Spyk..Mr. Keeley.
(As originally pei formed by them.)
Gertrude....(her original character) Madame Vestris.
Ernestine Rosendaal Mrs. Anderson.
To conclude with the last. new Drama, written for the Royal
Olympic Theatre. called
THE OLD AND YOUNG STAGER,

(As perf;;;llnt;ncion with the greatest success.)
Clement Puffeudale..(Son to Sir Pompadour).. Mr. J.Vining.
Topple, (Coachman'to Sir Pompadour,) Mr. F. Matthews.
Timothy, his son, (Tiger to Sir Clement,) Mr. Chas. Mathews,
(as written for and performed by him at the Royal Olympic
Theatre. )
Lady Puffendale Mrs. Clarke.
Laura. .Mrs. East. Susan Miss Webster.

Lucy , Mrs. Anderson.
Durinhe Engagement of Madame VESTIIIS and the
Olvmpi- ompany, the new Dramas of " Love in a Cottage,"
"Hands ne Husband," "Comfortable Service," "Barbers at
Court," "Tw i c e Killed," "The Conquering Game," " The
Humpbacked Lover," and various other novelties, written for
and performed at the Olympic Theatre, will be produced in rapid
aucce=sion.
Madame Vestris's other Nights of performing this week will
be Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday.

MASTER REGONDI .
RESPECTFULLY informs his Friends and the Vic in
Liverpool and its vicinity, that his CONGER. will take
Place in PARIS'-ROOMS, Hardman-street, on MoN Y EVENING
next, the 11th April instant.
Messieurs HERMANN have kindly offered th r valuable assis-
tance on this occasion.
Signor ItE.Gotint, Professor of Singin , uitar. &c., will as-
list his Son both in the Vocal and Instr ntal parts.
Full particulars in Hand-bills.
Doors open at Half.p4st Seven o'Clock, and the Performance
will commence at Eight precisely.
Single Tickets, 5s Tickets to admit Two persons, Bs•' to ad-
mit Three, 12s. To he had at the usual places, and of Signor
REGoNnt's, 28 Seymour-Street.

Vie itbelpoor gL.tanbarts.

TUESDAY MORNING. APRIL 5, 1836.

We never think of Lord GLENELO without being re•
Minded of Lord BYRON'S line—
" Hail, muse, &e. !—we left Juan sleeping."

The noble secretary of the colonies has been accused of
indolent and drowsy habits which have interfered with
the proper discharge of his duties during a rather long
and useless official life; but if ever he was under the in-
fluence of opium or laziness, or .any other incentive of
sleep, it is at .the present moment. NEtto fiddled when
Rome was burning; Lord GLENELG is playing upon his
highland bagiiipes, in bed, when our colonial empire is:
going headlong to destruction.
in Canada.: fiflatnaic4iti'D.4ltiiiati; itlilleMatiri tits, -
at the Cape of Good Hope, in Newfoundland, and in
New South Wales, the whole frame-work of society is in
a state of lamentable disorganization. The astounding
ignorance of governors in one place, of cotnrni...;sioners
in another, of banded conspirators in a.third, of insolent
demagogues and reckless scoundrels in the two last men-
tioned settlements, are fast-precipitating a colonial con-
vulsion which must end in blood, weaken the resources,
and paralyze the credit of the mother Country.
It is a singular fatuity that where the people are right,
• as in Jamaica, 'Demerara, and the West India colonies
generally, the British government, as 'advised by Lcid
GLENELG, take the side of their own insolent and igno-,
rant delegates. On the other hand, where the mob are
the aggressors, as in Lower Canada, Newfoundland, and
New South Wales, the government take the side of the
rebel and incendiary party. In Upper Canada Sir FRAN-
CIS HEAD, the Bubble of the Brunnens, is found making
War upon loyalty and British interests. In Lower Ca-
nada Lord GOSFORD is commissioned to redress the al-
leged grievances of the residents and
.restore peace to
• that distracted colony. But how does he proceed to se-
cure these desirable objects? Why, by throwing himself
into the arms of a profligate' French faction who aim at
g.3llpreme power in that country; and who, unless sub-
jected by the strong red hand, will never cease the work
of agitation until they have plunged England into.a civil
war in` he first instance, and eventually into a war with
the United States. Lord GOSFORD and Sir FRANCIS
gong HEAD, as the Times calls. him, are no more com-
petent qualified to allay the distractions of Canada
than Mr. WAELEY is to set the Thames on fire or Mr.
.GiTLtlg to filithe chair of the Astronomer Royal.
'3O •
4rit Lord &too, too, who should have been confined to his
''''~Yacht for life, for reasons which we do not choose to ex-
' 111310, has, by some strange conjunction of the stars, for-
, tonate for him but calamitous to' his country, been im-
pressed into the government of the important colony ofJa-
1, "'aka- It would not have been more absurd to have.
Made him Lord High Admiral. He could not have corn-
tnitted more blunders at the noise Guards had the Lord
of SLIGO been appointed Commander-in-Chief.. What a
miserable record have his speeches and despatches formed
for the information or the iidicule of his employers ! He
has had the singularly bad fortune to have every return
which he has transmitted to head quarters most formally
denied and contradicted by the planters and :proprietors
of Jamaica: His official 'representations; concocted evi-
tiently for party purposes, have been- foolishly extrava-
Mt. He has speCulated in statements which the Ja,
11•14ica planters have offered to disprove, and which they
sert to be false. He professed to conciliate those whoin
,he has exasperated, and the assembly which he might
nave soothed by his courtesy, and conciliated by his sense
of Justice , have demanded an apology at his hands.
Lord SLIGO should have apologised. It would have
Ponrtrayed no new feature in his life and character.
The bad feeling which Lord SLIGO has created can only
be remedied by the removal or the recall of Lord SLIGO.
Perhaps the sooner the better. Irish gentlemen have
enough, or, to speak by the book, will have enough to do
at home in the preservation of their paternal estates,
mortgaged as many of them are. Despite their whig-
Fish connection, and their assumed liberalism, they will
have to fight for the said demesnes beiViemany years are
o
vet% If they should lose them altogether perhaps it will
b@ a just punishment. They can only hold or regain
Sby the aid of the protestants of England. If Lord
to do not hasten to pray for his recall, and do not re-
re-
turn to Ireland, perhaps he will find it advisable to enter
into,as poor RAPHAEL did, a "safe speculation" with
U,CONNELL. What a humiliating condition for a man
to he reduced to!
Ali in Jamaica, so is it in Demerara. A gentleman,
and, we believe a soldier too, of the name of Sir JAMES
ki4RMICRAti, &MR, has been the lord of misrule in this
"!!-Nrtunate colon,r. His reign in that valuable depend-.
!nay reminds no of some of the imperious acts of eccen-
-s,:i'llie idiotism or downright madness Which were common
t to the era of the decline and fall of the Roman empire.
tix-104 moats
• mount, SMYTH is one of those outre persons
. nejoies in the idea that originality is the only proof'

4 gt riitic,and that absurdity when united with power is
a concomitant OT superior, statesmanship, preefsely in the
same way that a philosophical lunatic imagines that he is
exquisitely fashionable when he eats his soup with the
handle instead of the bowl of the spoon: The knight or,
Demerara may not be so fastidious, and we have no wish
to try his rationality by the awkward test of his policy.
All we know is that he is not fit to govern that colony;
and, judging by his rash acts and his extensive unpopula-
rity, we should say, that so far from being qualified to
govern so important a possession, he is not fit to manage
the interesting concerns of an English gaol. In this last-
named receptacle of freedom it is indisrensable for the
peace and comfort of the inmates that ils...4overnor
should be respected. In Demerara Sir CartititicuAEt.
SMYTH is not respected. He has no friends among those
whom it is his pleasure to coerce, his delight to libel, or
h:s convenience to court. He is the scathed tree of. the
colony. The savage looks upon-tra-.4'a curse ; the chris-
tian as a landmark, which, according to the MOSAIC sYs-:
tem, it is no crime to remove. It is one thing to respect
power; but it is quite another thing to countenance
folly. The functionary. may be honest and sincere ; he
may, ,nevertheless, be not overburdened With sense. He
may be liberal; but be may be a dunce, a dupe, and, a
fool.

We have not the room necessary to follow up this sub-
ject in-all its important points, otherwise we should lead
Lord GLENELG to pass the holidays among his liberal
friends in New South Wales. As it is, we can only af-
ford to visit Newfoundland. In that colony we find the
rebellious Roman catholic settlers exercising the whole
powers of the goVerprnent. A friend has favoured us
with a late number of the Public Ledger, one of the
most,if not the only respectable newspaper published in
the island. Welnd hilt the follAing

" Matters are bad enough as they are. The experiment—if
it really was an experiment—of granting to this country a local
legislature with an almost unlimited franchise, was a great and
fatal error, not productive of the smallest advantage, but pro-
ducing strife and discord where unanimity aod the best feelings had
prevailed- -it was investing a class of people with political power
Who knew not how to use it, anti where these contentions will
end, unless the governmentinterfere and repair theeyil, Heaven
only knows. Sure we are, that the removal of Chief Justice
Boidton would not heal the differences, but would be a useless
concession to a base, unprincipled faction, which nothing can
satisfy but an overthrow of the constituted authorities and the
establishment of their own supremacy."

This abuse of political power is explained by sundry
painful and practical illustrations. For instance, we find
these popish electors bidding defiance to the military, and
endeavouring to excite a tumult by parading through the
streets the remains of a deceased soldier supposed to be
a political partizan. They were only dispersed by the
troops charging them at the point of the bayonet •and
threatening to fire upon them. The same lawless per-
sons also demand the recall and degradation of Mr. Chief
Justice BOULTON, whose serious offence is that he had
passed sentence upon the conductor of a radical and in-
cendiary paper who bad been convicted of libel by a jury,
and had inflicted punishment upon a popish priest who
had joined in some riotous proceedings. For this meri-
torious respect for law, and the maintenance of the pub-
lic peace, the Chief Justice is denounced by the popish
faction. No doubt it is a serious aggravation of his of-
fence that the learned judge is a protestant. The way
in which the petition for his removal is got up is thus
graphically described in the Public Ledger :

"As an instance, however, of the manner in which petitions
in Newfoundland are sometimes gotten up, we may give the
following extract of a letter &um Brigus, dated the 10th in-
stant:

" •On Sunday last, a guard was placed at the door of the
Catholic Chapel to deter any one from escaping without hav-
ing first signed the petition relative to the removal of His Ho-
nour Chief Justice Boulton—or rather, the petition was not
signed by themselves, but a person was appointed to take down
the people's names as they were ordered forward by their re-
verend pastor, Father Mackin—the person acting as scribe
then announcing to the guard, with a loud voice, that the'indi-
viduals had qualified themselves and may be permitted to de- •
part. Is not this too bad! too much like compulsive slavery!
too shocking in a country under the wholesome government of
Great Britain ! 1 can verify the truth of what I state, for my
faithful servant looked terrified while he related it, and was
much afraid that his name was placed to the document which .
was so foul a libel upon the Chief Justice.' "
"Something equivalent to the same compulsory proceed-
ings has been exhibited here—the petition against the Chief
Justice having been placed for signature near the door of the
catholic chapel Sunday aAer Sunday, with what effect, may
well be understood. What intrinsic value, we may ask, can,
possibly attach to such a document, even could we adinit that
it had received the signatures of 20,000 individuals? The
_whole...affair is as wickell asit,is_prep2skerous, and tells very
pointedly against i'Le characierif the catfiolic•prieithOod hire,
who have been fur some years past such banes to the peace and
happiness of .this once undivided community."
Such is the •state or affairs in Newfoundland. That
now hapless island is Ireland in miniature. The brutal
and ignorant priesthood, transported thither from May-
nooth, are working every kind of mischief, and seem re-
solved to usurp all the functions of the executive govern•
ment. Lord GLENULG sleeps, while the priests are wide
awake. He snores while they riot. There must be an
end to this soon, and the sooner the better.

LONDON LATEST NEWS.

City, Satarday Evening, Half-past Seven o'clock.

The Money Market has been heavy to-day in consequence of
an expectation that large sales will take place next week for
the purpose of liquidating the claims of the West India pro-
prietors The business done in Consols has been confined to'a
few transactions for money the quotations have been 911 to
and for account 91i to 1; Exchequer Bills closed' at 2(L pre-
mium, India Bonds at ss. premium only. Spanish Stock un-
derwent a depression this afternoon from 45,1 to 44k. Danish
Bonds closed at a reduction from 761 to 76, ex-di 7ideud, but the
other northern securities remain steady.. The railway shales
have not undergone any material alteration in value. 1 he 1-lull
and Selby have been sold as high as 71 premium,. Brighton,
Stevenson's line, at 15; and the Greenwich at II premium;
Edinburgh and Glasgow. paid, at 61; Edinburgh, Leith, and
Newhaven, £1 paid, at £3.

THE EASTER VESTRY.—The general annual vestry of the
parish of Liverpool will be holden this day at St. Nicholas's
Church for the purpose of electing parish-officers and select ves-
trymen for the ensuing year. The Reform Association threaten,
we understand, to remove every member of the present vestry,
not on the ground of incompetence, or of any proved or even
alleged misconduct, but simply because they are suspected of
holding tory opinions, and, therefore, of being inimical to the
introduction of any paltry system which would have the effect
of abridging the comforts of tne poor, or of any petty jobbing to
en rirh a few hangers-on by the creation of useless places. 'these
are unquestionably good radical reasons why they should be dis-
missed from office; however, they will, we suspect, have but
very little weight with those who pay the greater part of our
local taxes, and who, if we mistake not, doubt the wisdom of
aPplying the town-council system, of economy to the manage-
ment of the affairs of the uarish. e scarcely need recommend
the substantial householaers and other principal rate-pavers,
from whose pockets the parish funds are chiefly drawn, to lie in
attendance to support by their hands, and. if necessary, by their
votes, the gentlemen who will be proposed by the conservative,
or church-and-king party.
CHESTER THEATRE.—Mr. Raymond will open the Chester
Theatre for a short season, to commence on the 2d of May.
WELLINGTON Rooms.—The,lait ball for the season at, these
rooms will take place this evening.
MNSTER. REGON Dl'S' CONCERT;—ThiS musician whose per-
formances have been highly-spoken of by the London and pro-
vincial press gives his first concert on Monday evening next,
at Paris's Rooins; Htirdstmir-street..
CAPTURE OP A GANG OP HIGH W AYNIgNI .—Five men were
apprehended in-Manchester on Widnesday, who are. supposed
to have been concerned in several highway robberies which
have lately been Cominittettio the-neighbourhood of that town.
They were discovetyd through an attempt to pawn a gold watch
by one of the party who was given into custody by the pawn-
broker on suspicion of haying stolen that article. After an ex-
amination before the magistrates they were remanded for a
week.

TAN CONVICTS AT LANCASTER.—The three men, Rowland
Ileald,.Evan 'Brindle, and Thomas Rushton, who were tried at
Lancaster on Tuesday, found guilty, and sentenced to be exe-
cuted orahnisday for the wilful murder of Robert Howson, a
game-keeper, were reprieved by Lord Denman before he left
Lancaster on Wednesday morning.

HE PARLIAMENTARY APItICULTURAL COMMITTEES.—The
select committees of both houses of Parliament are still sitting.
Much useful and valuable information has been given by three
gentlemen of Liverpool, Nit. James Scott, Mr. Joseph Seindars.
and Mr. David Hodgson. who were thanked by each committee
for the distinct, candid, and unbiassed manner in which they
gave their evidence. .
TRINITY HARBOUR, FRITH OF FORTH.—The bill for con-
structing a low water harbour in the noble estuary of the Frith
of Forth is now before a committee of the House of Commons,
with every prospect of being carried to the other house of par-
liament. As a public work, few of greater importance to the
commerce of that part of Scotland, or promising more success-
ful results to its promoters, have bean undertaken in this age
of improvement. The site selected for the construction of Tri-
.tity Harbour will be the terminus of two very important lines
of Road, namely, the Glasgow and Edinburgh, and tie Edin-
burgh, Leith, and Newhaven Railways. In addition to these
advantages, it also will possess the still greater advantage of af-
fording a safe asylum to the steam vessels navigating the Forth.
the largest class of merchantmen, or first-rate line of battie
ships. The Company's Prospectus will be found in our adver-
tising columns.
DEATH OF Mr. RUTEIVEN, M.P. FOR DUBLIN.—As soon
as the Dublin election committee had assembled on Thursday,
Mr. Murphy, the agent for Mr. Ruthven, announced that the
death of his client had taken place that morning, and therefore
that he should no longer attend to defend his seat. Mr. Joy,
as counsel for Mr. O'Connell, urged the committee to adjourn
for thirty days; but, without hearing the arguments: of Mr.
Harrison for the petitioners, the comutittee decided upon sitting
from day to day until the investigation was closed. Until then,
we presume, a new writ will not be isstiA tosupply the vacancy,
treatise it would supersede the inquiry now peuding: an inquiry
tvitich will in all probability terntitt.tle tvith a declaration that
Mr. It uthven tvas 'tuft the tightful tepresentative of the eitr of
Dublim
