MISCELLANEOUS.

A miller near Wakefield has purchased the sweepings of
he corn-market there for the next year for £3O, being double
.he price obtained last year.

SAVING WITHOUT CONSCIENCE.—We are informed that
the Poor-law Commissioners have suggested to the board of
guardians of the Tendring union, that those surgeons only
should be employed for the union as would give the sick poor
"no mutton."—Essex Standard.
Nine vessels have arrived to Messrs. J. Alexander and
Co., of Belfast Mills, five to-day, and the remainder since
September, all loaded with foreign wheat, of the finest de-
scription, and containing about 10,000 quarters, or 2300 tons.
—Belfast News Letter.
A Musical. Doc.—An amateur flute player had a terrier
dog that would sit listening to his master's performance for
an hour together; but if he played " Dropsof Brandt," rather
rapidly, the animal would jump upon his knees, and push the
flute from his mouth. The temperance society ought to have
presented this sober dog with a silver collar.
LABOURERS' WAGES.—In consequence of the high price
of wheat, and the privations likely to occur to labourers
during the winter, many farmers in Wiltshire have increased
the wages of all the labourers on their farms Is. per week—
an example which, we trust, will find many imitators in this
county. We observe many similar instances, to a greater
extent, in other counties.—Gloucester Chronicle.
HORTICULTURE.—Mr. Dutton, the gardener of Comber-
mere Abbey, in this county, gathered a dish of green peas on
the 22d of -November last, and on the same day a basket of
Morello cherries. Lord Combermere has an extremely
choice selection of apples in his garden at the abbey. One
apple, gathered this year from a small Spanish tree, weighed
56 ounces and a half. The flavour of this apple is delicious
—Chester Gazette.

The doors of the Legislative Council of New South
Wales have been thrown open, and the proceedings are re-
ported at considerablelengtb, and apparently with much care
and ability, in their journals. Sir George Gipps appears to
be his own minister, to carry on the business of the govern-
ment himself, and accordingly to speak both frequently, and
if the reporters are at all correct, well.—Murray's Australian
Review.

THE STRIPED PIG 00TDONE.—It is stated in an exchange
paper, that rum, the sale of which is prohibited to the United
-States army, is smuggled into camp, by the fruit traders of
Florida, very ingeniously, by emptying cocoa nuts of their
milk and filling them with the liquor, then sealingthe eye of
the nut with pitch.—New York paper.

MARYPORT ANTI) CARLISLE RAILWAY.—OR Setnrday week
another portion of this railway was contracted for by Mr. W.
Irving, the contractor for the former portion. Mr. Wales, a
Liverpool iron merchant, was declared the contractor for the
permanent rails; and Mr. Hillary, of Ewan rigg Hall, con-
tracted at the same time for the chairs, &c.—Carlisle Patriot.
HERRINGS.—The catch of herrings at Poulton, near Lan-
caster, has been very large, indeed this week as many as
30,000 have been taken at one lift of the net by one boat; so
plentiful are they, that the fishermen sort the finer ones out
for the market, and the smaller ones they throw on the land
for till; fine ones are now selling at Lancaster at Is. per 100.
—Preston Pilot.

NOVEL WATCH4IOUSES.--On some farms near Salisbury
moveable watch-houses are made use of to prevent depreda-
tions on the flocks and other exposed property. A waggon
is covered with thatch, and each end boarded up and fitted
witth a door ; then the waggon is drawn up glpse,49 the, sheep-
fold, and thus a comfortable lodging' lurormed for the shep-
herd and boy, thereby rendering the crime of sheep-stealing
almost impossible. There can be little doubt that the adop-
tion of so easy a mode of watching agricultural property will
become general.— Wiltshire Independent.

PEAT AND FOSSIL TIMBER BELOW GRANITE.—A letter
was lately read before the Geological Society, from Mr. Edge,
in which he states that when engaged in erecting some works
in the neighbourhood of St. Peter's, Guernsey, he found it
necessary to have a well dug. At the depth of 45 feet from
the surface, the workmen came to a block of granite, which
they were forced to blast, and ascertained to be six feet in
thickness. A few feet beneath the granite, they were sur-
prised at finding a small quantity of peat, with several pieces
of fossil timber in the state of bogwood, and conceived to be
oak. Specimens of these have been sent to the society.
CAPTURE OF A HAWK.—On Sunday afternoon last, as
two gentlemen were walking near Messrs. Brocklebank's
building yard, Whitehaven, they perceived a hawk descend
with fearful rapidity upon a poor sparrow that was faintly
chirruping on the ground. One of the gentlemen ran to the
spot, and so bent was the hawk upon the destruction of his
prey, or else so stunned by the descent, that he permitted
himself to be captured.—Carlisle Partiot.

NORTH MIDLAND RAILWAY.—A number of workmen are
at present actively engaged iu securing from wet the arches
of the new bridges, thrown across the different roads and
rivers on the North Midland Railway, in the vicinity of Ches-
terfield, by a covering of melted pitch mixed with a quantity
of burnt clay which had been previously pulverized. This
mixture possesses uncommon qualities as a durable cement.
A thoroughfare is now made under the " Horns Bridge."
EXPEDITION.—A short time since a gentlemen of this town
crossed the Atlantic by the Great Western, visited Niagara,
Montreal, Quebec, Philadelphia, and Washington, and re-
turned to England in a sailing packet, accomplishing both
the voyages and his American tour in a day less than two
months. A voyage to America has now become a mere trip
of pleasure, which thousands will be induced to take, indeed
we have already heard of a number who are going in the spring
merely for the gratification of curiosity.
CHURCH ACCOMMODATION.—On Monday a very numerous
meeting was held in the Court-house, Barnsley, Lord Wharn-
chffe in the chair, for the purpose of furtheritig the extension
of Church Accommodation in the Diocese of Ripon. Some
very interesting speeches were delivered, in which it was
shown that a great want of Church Accommodation existed
in the district, as the population had of late rapidly increased.
On the subscription list being shown to his Lordship be put
down a donation of one hundred pounds, with an annual sub-
scription of five guineas. Other subscriptions rapidly followed,
till the sum raised at the meeting was upwards of £600.
Leeds Intelligencer.
A LEGAL QUESTION.—Mr. Pickering, miller, of Sutton
Mills, Frodsham, after being convicted at Daresberry Petty
Sessions in a mitigated penalty, for having a 60Ib weight in
his possession, inquired of the magistrates as to whether it
would be lawful for him to use a 561 b weight, made with a sort
of watch fob or hollow place, for the insertion of a 41b weight,
so as to make up the sixty pounds, as he had been given to
understand the magistrates at Hoo Green had held it to be
legal. The bench declined giving any decisive opinion, but
considered that it would be such an invasion of the act as
would render the parties adopting the plan suggested liable
to the same penalty as they would incur by having one weight
of sixty pounds.
RADICAL DEMONSTRATION—FIRE ARMS.—At two small
villages, called Gravel Hole, and Crompton, which are be-
tween Rochdale and Oldham, the inhabitants have clubs held
at hush shops and beer houses, and pay sixpence per week to
purchase fire arms. Last week, the menibers of a inen's sick
club, in that neighbourhood, held a meeting, at which it was
proved that the club was worth upwards of two pounds per
member; it was unanimously agreed upon that the money
they had in the bank should be drawn out, and that one
pound should be allowed to each member to purchase fire
arms, and to have them -ready, previous to the meeting of the
radical-demonstration parliament. At Royton and Oldham,
the radicals are opposed to physical force, but at Ashton-
under-Lyne, Staley Bridge, and Hyde, there are several
hundred; of radicals who have lately got fire arms. There
are also clubs similar to the above.—Bolton Chronicle.
LONE) NoIIBCRY AND MR. O'CoNNELL.--When Mr.
O'Connell was urged by his friends in Ireland to follow Sir
Robert Peel. for the purpose of demanding that satisfaction
which he was precluded front receiving during Sir Robert's
remaining in office, he proceeded to London while Sir Robert
waited for him at Calais; but during his stay in the metropolis
he was supposed to have talked so much about the nature of his
errand that he was apprehended and taken before Mr. Birnie,
who bound him over to keep the peace, which he effectually
(lid, by returning to Dublin without furtber seeking Sir ltobt.
Peel. These are things, however, that are not easily passed
over in Ireland, and it was soon whispered that Mr:O'Con-
nell had caused his own apprehension. Just at this period
was arguing a case of nisi before Lord Norbury, who always
shut his eyes when O'Connell spoke, and he this day kept
them so firmly closed that Mr. O'Connell believing him to
he really asleep, lost his temper, and exclaimed.. "My
lord, lam afraid you do not apprehend me." His lordship's
eyes opened in a moment, as he replied, " Nobody is so
easily apprehended as Mr. O'Connel, when hewishes to be."—
Standard.
'TEMPERANCE IN THE GREAT WESTERN.—We, the under-
signed, who have been passengers in the Great Western on
her last voyage to England, are of opinion, that, considering
the change which this establishment of steam navigation will
certainly produce, and has, indeed, already effected, in lead-
ing to the employment of a larger class of ships, and the
assembling of a greater number of passengers than has
hitherto been usual, it would be found a much more expedi-
ent course, and not less satisfactory to the great majority of
the passengers than to the company of proprietois, if these
steamers, being, in fact, magnificent floating hotels, were
placed upon the same footing as hotels in one important par-
ticular, viz., that, instead of wine and other liquors being
freely supplied as they are called for, at all times, and with-
out any specific charge, they should he left to be furnished by
the steward to the passengers calling for thetn, at a separate
established price, in the same manner as in hotels, and in the
steam-boats employed upon the lakes and livers of America.
Such a change, we are persuaded, is recommended, by vari-
nu; considerations applying to the comfort of the passengers,
,roil to the safe, orderly, and satisfactory conduct of the great
.nterprise in which the Great Western Steam Navigation
Ctimpany is engaged. We take the liberty, therefore, of
aging it strongly upon the attention of the directors, and
quest that Captain Hosken will have the goodness to lay
,is expression of .opinion before them. (Signed by-sixty
passengers, among whom. were John Robinson, Chief Juttice
of Upper Canada, and Loth Arthur Lennox.)

EARTHQUAKE AT WOODHOUSE.-011 Sunday last, about
four o'clock in the afternoon, a smart shock of an earthquake
was felt at Woodhouse and Woodhouse Eaves. It was pre-
ceded by a loud rumbling noise, as of a waggon on the adjoin-
ing road, and the shock was sensibly felt by the numerous
congregation then assembled in the new church at Woodhouse
Eaves; the vibration was so strong as to loosen pieces of
mortar from the roof, and which severel persons heard falling
down the slates to the ground.—Leicester Herald.
EXTENSION OF THE COTTON TRADE AT PRESTON.—We
have been given to understand, that, in the course of the en-
suing spring and summer, several new cotton factories will
be erected in the immediate vicinity of this town. We know
that land has been already purchased for three or four on a
somewhat extensive scale, and it is, we are informed, highly
probable that considerably more than this number will be in
the course of erection before the expiration of next year. We
have thus a prospect of adding in an important degree to the
population, and we hope to the prosperity also, of the town.
—Preston Chronicle.

STATE OF TRADE.--Yesterday being Christmas Day, the
usual weekly market is held to day; and we are, therefore,
precluded from stating its general character. We may ob-
serve, however, that the continued advance in cotton has
begun to alarm the foreign buyers of yarn, who bought
sparingly towards the conclusion of the shipping season, in
the expectation of a decline. Towards the conclusion of last
week, some rather extensive purchases were made by two or
three foreign houses, and there is a decided tendency to an
advance in prices. In goods there is no material change.—
Manchester Guardian.

ASTUNISHIKG QUANTITY OF GAME KILLED —On Tues-
day, the 13th inst., Charles Scarisbrick, Esq., accompanied
by Sir Henry B. Hoghton, entered his coverts and game
preserves, at Wrightington Hall, about half after ten in the
morning, for the purpose of enjoying the sport of rabbit
shooting, and continued to enjoy that sport till half after
four in the afternoon, making six hours' actual sport. In
this space of time they killed 969 head of game out of 1,007
shuts, making 18 ineffective shots. The goose killed con-
sisted of 985 rabbits, 3 pheasants, and 1 hare.— Wigan Gaz.

SIR GEORGE CLERK.—We observe a paragraph copied
from an English radical newspaper (the Stamford Mercury)
by some of our contempories, professing to report what Sir
George Clerk, member for Stamford, is alleged to have ad-
dressed to his constituents respecting the probability of a
change of administration, and the return of Sir Robert Peel
and the conservatives to office. We are authorised to state,
that what is alleged in that paragraph concerning the hon.
baronet's visit to Stamford, and what he is repot ted to have
saia there, is utterly void of foundation.—Edinburgh Adv.
LIMIT OF SPEED ON RAILwATS.—Dr. Lardner has dis-
covered by experiments recently made on the Liverpool and
-ianchester railway, that the atmosphere is an opponent to
railway speed more forruidabls than has ever been suspected.
At thirty-two miles an hour, the resistance it offers is nearly
80 per cent. of all that the steam power has to encounter,
and it increases in a proportion so enormously greater than
the speed, that there is not the slightest possibility of any
such velocity of transit being gained as some (and among
them none more ardently than Dr. Lardner himself) have
anticipated. It is ascertained that even forty miles an hour
cannot be maintained except at a cost which amounts practi-
cally to a prohibition.
NAUTICAL MILLINERY.—Seamen are not only indebted
to the fair sex for many of their " terms of art," but also to
the " modites" of the land, for much of the knowledge
essential to seamanship. For example, no man can " handle
his needle," and execute with precision every possible
" stitch," front the " herring-bone" to the " double seam."
He must also be able to " gore"—" cut upon the bias"—
" taughten his stays"—" pass an earring," and " clap a
bonnet on his jib." In the last particular, Jack, who often
reverses matters, differs with the ladies of the land ; he
" claps" his bonnet on the " foot," instead of the head of
his jib.—Captain Glascock's Land Sharks and Sea Gulls.
GLOCcEsTER CONSERVATIVE UNION ASSOCIATION.—The
fifth annual dinner of this association took place on Friday
(St. Thomas's day) at the New Inn, and whether we regard
the number assembled, or the spirit displayed throughout the
evening, it was one of the most gratifying and enthusiastic
meetings that has taken place on any similar occasion.
Shortly after five o'clock upwards of 400 sat down to a most
substantial dinner of roast and boiled beef, plum pudding,
&c. &c., provided by Mr. and Mrs. llyett, to whom much
credit is due for their excellent arrangements. The great
room not being sufficiently commodious to contain so large a
number, tables were laid in two other rooms, the parties in
which joined their friends after dinner.—G loncester Chronicle

THE CHASE.—GAME OF A Fox HOUND.—On Thursday
se'ennight, the Pantykendy fox hounds found a fox at Pen-
town cliffs, and after a short burst ran him into a drain in
Mr. Mear's lawn, at Llanstephan Place, which runs in a
distance of five or six hundred yards under the garden wall.
Not being able to find the head of the drain, a favourite little
bitch, named Leda, remained in—she sticking to her game,
and could not be got out. However, on Monday last, the
bitch and a fine dog were found lying " nose to nose," where
the former had kept close to him, though these was sufficient
room for her to have come out, had she been so inclined. On
finding friends near, she bolted him into a box at the mouth
of the drain; and they are alive and well, both of them, to
give another day's sport.—Carnarvon

BUCKLINGS.—A new method of curing herrings, under the
denomination of bucklings, has been recently introduced into
this town, which we have little hesitation in saying is likely
to be attended with complete success. We understand the
same method of curing is practised in the northern part of
Germany, where the consumption of these bucklings is very
great. They are so prepared as to render further cookery su-
perfluous, and, by the delicacy of their flavour, the richness
and mellowness will afford a most agreeable variety to the
breakfast or luncheon table. They only require, in our opi-
nion, to be more generally known to command that sale
which they so decidedly merit, being infinitely mod piquante
than the Yarmouth herrings, which they are, to a great ex-
tent, we may predict, destined to supersede.—Lancaster
Guardian.

ACCIDENT ON THE BOLTON RAlLWAY.—Yesterday week,
as the eleven o'clock train was on its way to this town from
Bolton, one of the first-class carriages lost a wheel. The
guard was aware of the accident, but was unable to convey
the information to the engineer, and the train went on at ea
rapid speed to the bottom of the incline at Clifton. The
train going the other way met at this period, and perceiving
that something was wrong, a signal was given ; but before
the train could he stopped. the carriages were thrown off the
line. We are glad to say that no one sustained any personal
injury. After half an hour's delay, the train proceeded.
Had the carriages been thrown off where the wheel was lost
they would probably have alighted in the canal.—Manchester
Guardian.

WORKING OF THE POOR-LAW BILL.—The late overseer of
the poor for the township of Little Bolton, offered a premium
(previous to the poor•law amendment act coining into opera-
tion) to all persons who informed him of any woman who was
in a pregnant state, and unmarried, and whose child was
likely to be born a bastard, and the number that was entered
in the overseers' book, from 182-1 to 1834 (the commencement
of the poor-law amendment act) was 129. The number,
therefore, that have been registered in the said township, in
the register book of births, from May, 1838, up to this nate,
is 40, being an increase of nearly live to one. An application
was made on Thursday last at the overseers' office, Little
Bolton, by a woman far advanced in pregnancy of her fourth
illegitimate child. One of her children is now in the work-
house.—Bolton Chronicle.

EXTRAORDINARY ATTACHMENT OF A DOG.-011 the day
after the last Bawtry fair, a bay pony was found grazing in a
field near Austerfield, and continued there during a space of
several days, attended by a dog of the hull breed. The dog
would not allow any one to remove or molest the pony; and
it was only by taking other horses into the field, and driving
them and the pony together, that it was secured, and confined
in the Austerfield pinfold, followed by its faithful guardian,
the dog. At the end of two days, the pony died; but the dog
still continued to prevent any person from removing it. On
the fourth day, however, the dog was enticed, by giving hint
food, to leave the dead pony for a short while; and a rope
was then fastened to the pony's neck, by which it was dragged
to a more convenient place. The carcase was skinned, and
afterwards but ied; and the dog followed it to the grave, after
having guardel the pony about fifteen days. Nothing has
been heard of the owner of them. The faithful dog is yet in
Austerfield, in the possession of Mr. z.,tephen Parker.—
Doncaster Gazette.

NEW FASHIONED SPEAKING TRUMPET.--A powerful
hearing trumpet has been lately invented: it is constructed so
as to stand upon a table, and receive the voices of persons in
the room, which it magnifies to an extraorlinary degree.
The power of the instrument is thus described by the inven-
tor :—" I placed the soniferon at the end of a room sixty feet
in length, at the other extremity of which two persons were
in low conversation. As long as I continued to hold the tube
to my ear, I could hear every word they said to each other;
but the moment 1 removed it, I was only sensible of a murmur
of voices without distinguishing a syllable." To an experi-
menter not deaf, the effects of the instrument are by to means
comfortable, as every word falls with the force of a black-
smith's hammer; ana in addition thereto, it makes the ear
ring with noises that no other person perceives.
SAYINGS FROM THE TA LMUD.—When /Esop, in answer to
the question put to him by Chilo, " what God was doing ?"
said " that he was depressing the proud and exalting the
humble," the reply was considered as most admirable. But
the same sentiments are to be found in the Medrash, though
expressed, as usual with the Jewish writers, in the form of a
story. It runs thus:—A matron once asked Rabbi Jose, In
how many days did God create the world ?'—' In six days,'
replied the rabbi, as it is writt,n, In six days God made the
heavens and the earth.'—' But,' continued she, ` what is he
doing now ?'—' Oh !' replied the rabbi, he makes ladders, on
which he causes the poor to ascend, and the rich to descend,'
or, in other words, he exalts the lowly, and depresses the
haughty." There were discovered on the fragments of an
ancient tombstone Greek words to the following purpose:—
" I was not, and I became! I ant not, but shall he." The
same thought is expressed in the following reply of Rabbi
Gabiha to a sceptic. A freethinker once said to Rabbi Ga-
biha. " Ye fools who believe in a resurrection, see ye not that
the living die? how then can you believe that the dead shall
live ?"—" Silly man !" replied Gabiha; " thou believest in a
creation—well then, if what never before existed exists, why
may not that which once existed exist again ?"—Goodhuges
Lectures on Biblical Literature.

IMPROVEMENT OF THE RIVER LINE.—We have much
pleasure in being able to state, that Messrs. Robert Stevenson
and Sons, the civil engineers employed by the quay com-
missioners, have sent in their survey and report on the capa-
bility of improving the navigation of our river. The result
of the investigation and survey, we are informed, is very
satisfactory, and shows that the Lune is susceptible of great
improvement atla comparatively small expense. We under-
stand Messrs. Stevenson's report states that the river may
be deepened so as to afford sixteen feet of water up to the
quay sides, at all ordinary spring titles, of twenty-one feet,
at a cost of about £7,500, and that £5,000 of this sum will
have to be laid out in the purchase of a steam-dredging
machine and boats, which will, in fact, be a property of
the quay commissioners, and may be again. sold when the
commissioners find they have no further occasion for the
vessel. But we fancy, if once purchased, the commissioners
will find employment. for her for some years, and will even-
tually he able to deepen the river from'sixteen feet. (the pro-
posed depth) to eighteen or twenty feet.— Lancaster Guardian.
HARE HUNT EXTRAORDINARY NEAR SEDBERGH.—LateIy,
while Mr. Upton, of lngmire Hall was out with his pack they
raised a hare, which, after a fine run of half an hour, on Bram-
haw farm took shelter in the garden of Mr. James Whitehead,
tenant, but was instantly pounced upon by the dogs. Whilst
in the act of killing poor puss a second hare suddenly sprang
up, but before abe could make her escape from her natural
enemies, she was also made their victim. Mr. Upton was stand-
ing by at the time, and the dogs were being flogged from the
spot, when a third hare started up in the garden, which she
instantly cleared, with the whole pack in pursuit, and after a
severe run of three quarters of an hour, amid a heavy hail-
stone shower, she shared the same fate as did the former two.
What renders the circumstance remarkable, is, that three
hares should be in the same limited place at one time, Mr.
Whitehead's garden being nu more than thirty yards square.
—Carslilt Patriot.

RENT OF LAND IN ENGLAND.—The average rent of land
in the different counties in England and \Vales is stated to be,

per acre, Berkshire, 163 11d; Redford, IBs 4 d; Buckingham-
shire, 2ls lid; Cumberland, 9s 71; Cornwall, his 3rd; Cam-
bridgeshire, 16s 6-id; Cheshire, 50s lid; Durham, lds sd;
Devonshire, 4s 3id ; Dorsetshire, 15s 2%d; Derbyshire, 18s
10,1 d; Essex, 18s sid ; Gloucestershire, Vs; Hants II s sd;
Hertfordshire, 15s Hid ; Huntingdon, I6s ; Hants,
16s 5d ; Kent, 17s sd; Leicestershire, 27s 24d; Lin-
colnshire, 20s to 21s ; Lancashire, 22s 52d • Middlesex, 38s
8.,/d • Monmouth, 12s 9d ; Norfolk. 14s 40; Northumber-
land, 15s lid; Nottinghamshire, 19s 112 d; Northampton-
shire, 2ls 5d ; Oxfordshire. 20s 64d ; Rutland, 20s 9d ; Sus-
sex, Ils Sid ' - Suffolk, 14s 31d; Soinersetshire, 25s 9d West-
moreland, 17s 2zl; Staffordshire, 20s; Surrey. 15s 24,1; Shrop-
shire, ]9s Id ; Wilts, 18s 61,1; Worcester, 22s 4d; Warwick-
shire,- 22s 51(1 ; Yorkshire, 16s Sd; Wales, 6s .ed.

In consequence of the late Post-office regulations, the
LIVERPOOL STANDARD is now dispatched by the
Mail which leaves at halfpast Two o'clock in the
morning for London, Birmingham., Manchester, 4-c.
This arrangement renders it necessary that Adver-
tisements should be sent to the Office before Eight
o'clock on Monday and Thursday evenings.

'Ube Etherpool ,Stanbarti.

FRIDAY MORNING, DEC. 28, 1838.

THE UNITED STATES AND CANADA.—By the packet
ship Independence, Captain Nye, which arrived here
on Monday night, we have received New York papers
to the 7th instant, inclusive, being only one day later
than those brought by the Liverpool. The American
citizens seem to be engrossed with their own affairs
since the sitting of Congress. Up to the departure of
the Independence no vessel had arrived from England
since the Sheffield, which was entering the port when
the Liverpool left. The rate of exchange at New
York was 10 per cent. premium.
The Courier and Inquirer contains a string of re-
solutions, introduced into Congress on the 4th instant,
by Mr. Adams, in relation to the conduct of the Ame-
rican minister at the Court of Great Britain, Mr.
Stevenson, touching his correspondence, a few months
since, with Mr. O'Connell. These resolutions con-
template the appointment of a committee with autho-
tity to send for persons and papers, to ascertain whe-

ther Mr. Stevenson has been engaged in any such
controversy, and what were its circumstances. The
avowed object of the proposed inquiry is, to learn
whether Mr. Stevenson has " violated the duties of his
office as ambassador, the laws of peace, the laws of the
land to which he was an accredited minister, or the
privileges of the House of Commons in the person of
one of its members." The resolutions were laid on
the table, by a vote of 140 to 57. They are not ex-
pected to pass in their present shape. The question
of the abolition of slavery would, of course, become
involved in considering the charges against Mr. Ste-
venson. This was, no doubt, the express object of
Mr. Adams in moving the resolutions. From the
known pertinacity of Mr. Adams there is every rea-
son to believe that he will persevere in pressing the
inquiry.

The American papers declare that numerous defal-
cations are daily discovered among the officers ap-
pointed by Van Buren. The latest, that has excited
any sensation, was the instance of William Price, a
late district attorney, who came over in the Liverpool.
A letter which he left behind, addressed to the Presi-
dent, indicates an ability to adjust his accounts with

Le government satisfactorily. It is now apprehended

that the defalcations exposed and to be exposed, that
have occurred under the administration of General
Jackson, will amount to from ten to twenty millions of
dollars.

The capital of Pennsylvania—Harrisburgh, is de-
scribed as being in a state of complete anarchy, in
consequence of a double organisation of the state le-
gislature—both parties claiming, in many instances,
a majority for their respective candidates. The go-
vernor was calling out the militia, and the seat of go-
vernment was in possestion of a mob.
The news from Canada is somewhat important.—
The New York Morning Heald of the 7th gives the
following intelligence from Montreal :—" We learn,
through a private channel, from Montreal, that the
Russian Consul, of Boston, on a visit to the forme)
city, has been arrested by the public authorities of
Lower Canada, on a charge of instigating the late re-
bellion in that province, and of aiding and abetting
the insurrectionists in their movements. The Consul,
it seems, has several children attending a convent or
seminary there, for their education. On a visit to see
them, the arrest in question was made. The evidence
on which this proceeding was based was information
communicated to the Canadian authorities by a certain
Baron Frattelin, who was announced the other day as
having arrived there in the same boat with the corn.
mon hangman. It is possible that this event has some
connection with the recent adjournment of the court
martial." There can be no doubt that many similar
circumstances will shortly transpire of a nature di-
rectly to implicate Russia in the recent attack of the
frontier mercenaries. It remains to be seen what step

the government of this country may think proper to
adopt in i,i'orouoo to tnte intrigue on thn rare of
Russia. But whatever may be the conduct of the Whig
ministry in this matter, in which our national honour
is so deeply involved, we feel confident that the subject
will undergo a searching inquiry in the British Par-
liament.

We learn from Upper Canada that the inhabitants
along shore from Amherstburgh to Windsor were con-
siderably alarmed in consequence of the threatened
invasion of their soil by a large number of brigands,
who were congregated somewhere among the islands
in the lakes, or on the American frontier. The Sand-
wich Herald of November 27 has the following:—
" As we stated in our last, General Brady, of the
United States army, left Detroit on Monday, in order
to disperse the ruffians said to have assembled at Put-
in-Bay ; that gallant veteran returned on Wednesday,
bringing in tow a "patriot" schooner laden with
arms, &c. &c., which were found somewhere about
Gibraltar. On their arrival at Detroit a civil process
was immediately instituted by the pirates for the re-
covery of their property. The sheriff was, of course,
obliged to do his duty, and serve the process; but, he-
hold, General Brady, with a spirit of determination
worthy of his high and honourable character, placed
an armed force and a field-piece on or near the vessel,
and personally dared them, sheriff and all, to lay a
hand upon it. The consequence of the general's man-
ly interference in support of the honour of his coun-
try was, that the arms were safely secured in the go-
vernment arsenal, and the pirate schooner scuttled and
sunk. Too much praise cannot be awarded to Gene-
ral Brady and his spirited adjuncts, the Brady Guards,
who have all, on this occasion, merited the good will
and esteem of every friend to good order and the su-
premacy of the laws. The steam-boat Constitution,
Captain Appleby, left Detroy on Friday, with about
three hundred patriots, but it is not yet known where
they went to. It was rumoured here on Sunday that
they had landed with additional force, at Round 0, on
Lake Erie—too good news to be true. Captain Ap-
pleby was the commander of the steam-boat Caroline

when she was attacked, taken, and destroyed, by or-
der of Colonel M'Nab."
There was a destructive fire in the lower town of
Quebec on the 30th ult., which destroyed forty•five
buildings.
The habeas corpus question at Quebec has taken
another turn. The counsel for the pt isoner, it appears,
having a suspicion that Mr. Young, the superinten-
dent of the police, had possession of him, sued out a
writ of habeas corpus directed to that officer, to which
he returned that he had not the man in his custody.
This return was deemed insufficient, and a warrant
was issued against Mr. Young for contempt of court,
which was to be argued on the 30Ih alt.
The Montreal Herald of the 2nd inst. contains the

following intelligence :—" Yesterday, about sixty or
seventy rebels were brought into town from Beauhto-
nois, under charge of Sir Hew Dalrymple and a de-
tachment of the 71st regiment. They had three pieces
of artillery, strongly hooped with iron, and are about
the most manly batch of prisoners yet brought into
town, being principally composed of young able-bodied
men. The notorious Jean Baptiste Bousquet, of St.
Cesaire, was also brought into town yesterday by
Captain Colman, who reports ail continues quiet in
the parish of Chambly, and that upwards of 80 stand
of arms have been delivered over to Major Colman,
15th regiment, the present commandant, by the cure.
the Rev. Mr. Migault, through • whose praiseworthy
exertions the habitans were induced to surrender them.
The evidence for the prosecution before the court-
martial closed yesterday, and to-day the evidence for
the defence will be commenced."
From Texas we have the following alarming intel-
ligence :—" A letter was received at Honstoun on the
17th of November, dated at San Antonio the 14th,
which reports the alarming intelligence that the Co-
manche Indians were gathering in large bodies in
that neighbourhood."
From South America we have only the following
extract from a letter dated Guayaquill, August 31:—
" Political affairs in Peru have a very distressing as-
pect. By a vessel yesterday from Payta we learn that
the Chilian expedition had taken Callao, sunk the
Peruvian corvette Socubaya, and captured the frigate
Congresso. When Orbegoso effected the revolution

of the 28th of July, the Bolivian troops rind two bat-
talions of the Peruvian remained firm to Ole Protector,
and marched off from Lima, leaving Orbegoso to battle
the watch with the Chilians. Lima is in a dreadful
state—business entirely suspended, and the custom-
house closed. The American squadron, Commodore
Ballard, was at Callao on the 15th. We are all quiet
here, thanks to the prudence of Ptesident Rocafuerte
in keeping clear of the quarrel between Chili and
Peru."

Since the above was written New York papers to
the 9th instant have reached Liverpool by the transit
ship Hibernia, which sailed two days after the Inde-
pendence. From these we have confirmatory accounts
of the riots at Harrisburgb, the capital of Pennsylva-
nia. We insert the accounts in another column, and
would direct the attention of our readers to them as
au additional illustration of the " blessings" of a re-
publican form of government.

THE ROMANISING "TRACTS FOR THE TIMES."—In
another column will be found the first part of an ela-
borate article, which is to appear in the forthcoming
number of the Church of England Quarterly Re-
view, exposing the errors, and, we might add, the pal-
pable heresies of the authors of those notorious pub-
lications the " Tracts for the Times." The whole of
this admirable article has been published in the Times.
We shall give the conclusion in our next publication.
We are sorry that we have been compelled to express
the Greek quotations by English characters—having
no suitable type for the purpose. This will not, of
course, detract anything from the force of the reason-
ing, as the words must be perfectly familiar to the
learned student in theology.
We heartily rejoice that the very dangerous tenets
advocated by Dr. Pusey, and his fellow-labourers for
the resuscitation of Popery in England, have, at
length, attracted the attention of the leading journals
of the metropolis, which have bestowed upon them a
suitable castigation. The Times, the Morning He-
rald, the Standard, the St. James's Chronicle, the
Record, and several other papers of high character,
have animadverted upon the doctrines broached in the
publications of this semi Popish school in terms of se-
vere condemnation. Even the John Bull has admit-
ted several articles repudiating these heretical writ-
ings; whilst the whole of the provincial press in the
Conservative interest, with three solitary and inglo►i-
ous exceptions, have joined most cordially in deprecat-
ing the progress of this fresh and alarming schism in
our venerable Church. The Church of England
Quarterly Review, a periodical of the highest stand-
ing for deep erudition and critical research, but which
we had long suspected of a leaning towards the Pu-
seyites, has nobly vindicLted its character, as an able
and uncompromising advocate of the primitive faith of
our PROTESTANT Church, by the publication of the
conclusive article to which we have referred. It will
be perused with great interest by all who are anxious
for the preservation of our national church in the in-
tegrity of its faith and discipline—by all who wish to
avert from this nation the direful curses which are en-
tailed upon all who have any participation in advan-
cing the supremacy of the Papacy—by all who feel
that the happiness and prosperity of Great Britain are
intimately identified with the glorious cause of PRO-
TESTANT ASCENDANCY.

The Church of England Quarterly Review is not,

however, the only magazine that has taken the field
against Pusey ism. The Christian Observer has long
and successfully combated this new-fangled system of
Popery. The Christian Guardian has also been dis-
tinguished for its energetic opposition to the "Oxford
Tracts." Of the more secular periodicals the Quar-
terly Review, Blackwood's Magazine, and Fraser's
Magazine, have severally indulged in remarks highly
condemnatory of the same publications. Fraser, in
particular, has done eminent service to the cause of
Protestantism by its manly and unaccommodating ex-
positions of the Popish tendencies of the " Tracts for
the Times." We sincerely rejoice to find so distin-
guished and so talented an organ of Conservatism, as
Fraser's Magazine must be acknowledged to be, em-
barked in so hallowed a cause as the defence of our
Protestant Church from the furtive attacks of her je-
suitical children. Great as are the dangers to be ap-
prehended from the more open encroachments of Po-
pery, there is infinitely greater danger from the secret
machinations of those who would gradually, but sub-
stantially, assimilate the services and discipline of the
Church of England to those of the apostate Church
of Rome, and thus securely, though silently, pave the
way for the future ascendancy of the foredoomed spi-
ritual Babylon.

With such a host of examples before us we cannot
refrain any longer from rendering our humble assist-
ance in rooting out from amongst us the detestable and
anti-Protestant tenets of the Puseyite school of theo-
logy. We have long felt it to be our duty to expose
the dangers to which our Church is threatened from
the prevalence of these doctrines. These are not times

in which it is sufficient that we should bear a cold, dry,
and formal testimony to the excellency of our national
church. Assailed as she -is by the anomalous con-

federacy of Papists, Dissenters, and Infidels—all
anxiously watching every opportunity of inflicting
injury upon her—it is more especially needful that we
should guard against internal foes—against the most
dangerous, because less suspected enemies of the
Establishment.

History informs us that, at no distant period, the
pulpits of the Church of England were, in numberless
in tances, occupied by Jesuits in disguise, labouring
assiduously for the subversion of Protestamsm. The
same wily spiritual tacticians found their way into
our Universities, and craftily insinuated their Popish
dogmas under the garb of Protestant Professors. Nor
were the Dissenting pulpits free from the like intru-
sion of Popish emissaries. We do not mean posi-
tively to assert that there are members of the college
of Jesuits now ministering in the Church of England,
though we frankly confess that we have very strong
suspicions that such is the case. That there are Jesuits
among the professedly Dissenting ministers 11; e have
the strongest and most confident belief. The recent

aspect of Dissenters in reference to the Church justi-

fies our assertion. At the same time it is a well known
fact that the avowed Jesuits, in the Romanist profes-

sion, were never more actively employed in prepar-
ing the way for the conversion of the people of this
kingdom to Popery than they are at the present mo-
ment. Under these circumstances we feel imperatively
called upon to sound the alarm, and to call upon all
who call themselves Protestants to unite against the
encroachments of Popery, even though it should appear
amongst us in the assumed array of an angel of light.
Although the animadversions of the Church of
England Quarterly Review, together with those of
the other periodicals and journals which have attacked
Puseyism, have been hitherto principally directed
against the " Tracts of the Times," it is by no means
to be inferred that those obnoxious publications are
the only works in which the Puseyite doctrines are
developed and advocated. There are many hundreds
of divines in the Church of England, numbering
amongst them many of the dignitaries of the Church,
and more than one of the recently created IV/tig bishops,
V% ho are equally zealous in labouring for the promul-
gation of the semi-Popish tenets of the Puseyites.
The danger is, therefore, far more extended than
might have been inferred from the circumstance that
Puseyism has hitherto been chiefly attacked through
the medium of critiques upon the " Tracts for the
Times." We shall be able to show, before we quit the
subject, that the ramifications of this new heresy are
spreading in all directions around us; nay we shall be
grieved to prove that the diocese of Chester itself—
distinguished as it is, almost above all others, for the
learning, zeal, and piety of its clergy—is not altoge-
ther free from the leaven of Popery.
Before we proceed any further with our remarks we
shall introduce a few observations, pertinent to the
subject, from our contemporaries the Standard and
Morning Herald. In reference to the article from the
Church of England Quarterly Review the Standard
has the following observations :
" The authors of the Romanising" Tracts,' for
the Times,' (we beg that this or some other signifi-
cant title may be substituted for the honoured name of
Oxford,' in speaking of these silly and mischievous
publications) have greatly mistaken the motives of the
forbearance with which they have been indulged, if
they suppose that approbation of, or even connivance
at, their heresy has had any place among them. An
unwillingness to engage with questions even remotely
connected with theological discussion has doubtless
had great influence in restraining the press from treat-
ing the tract writers as they deserve—an unwilling-
ness to expose the nakedness of the laud,' has fur-

bidden those most attached to the Church from gibbet-
ing the errors of men who, however inconsistently
(fraudulently would be scarcely too strong a word)
hold the station of Church of England clergymen,
while a compassionate feeling for those ' whom most
people like and yet abuse,' a compassionate feeling for
coxcombs, has had its part in protecting these vain
lively, eccentric, quaint retailers of paradox. For-
bearance has, however, been, perhaps, carried too
far. The extraordinary speech of Lord Spencer's
apostate brother, reported in the Romanist journals,
and copied into yesterday's Standard, proves the ex•
tent to which the Popish party are encouraged by the
activity and impunity of the Romanising Protestants.
and the encouragement of the Popish party is in every
aspect a serious thing; for let the slightest ray of
hope but open to that party, and all its tremendous
machinery of intrigue, conspiracy, and crime, will be
put into as active operation as in the sixteenth and
seventeenth centuries. On the other side, the politi-
cal Disseneer,c, who are never very scrupulous as to
the means to which they resort for injuring the Esta-
blished Church—though themselves leagued with
Popery in the strongest bonds—do not hesitate to
charge the Popish lapses of the two or three tract-
mongers, upon the whole body of the Church of Eug.
land clergy.
"These considerations have at length extorted a
protest from more than one of the most distinguished
divines of the Church, and of those publications
chiefly calculated for theological readers."
When the Standard designates the Puseyites as
"two or three tract-mongers" we think it expresses
itself unadvisedly. The tenets in question, as we have
already stated, are strenuously maintained—to their
shame be it mentioned—by hundreds of the clergy of
the Church of England; nor is their advocacy confined
to the "Tracts for the Times." The press has been
literally teeming for the last three or four years with
elaborate works in which the same doctrines are pro-
minently brought before the public. To some of these
we shall hereafter advert. The Standard, after quot-
ing from the Church of England Quarterly Review,
proceeds :
"We have, we think, copied enough to show, that
the tract•mongers are Romanists in almost all but the
name, as far as their creed goes, and that, in repre-
senting the distribution of the Scriptures, and impos-
ing silence on the pulpit, they are doing their utmost
to serve the present interests of Popery. We lately
met in a newspaper which is not ashamed to lend itself
to the service of this sect, and to stigmatise as ' low
Church bigots' all who will not engage in the same
service, a long letter against building preaching-
houses' instead of gorgeous temples, and raising the
abominations' of pulpits and reading desks in lieu of
great brass birds. In this letter the writer expressed
his indifference as to where the pulpit should be fixed,
or as to there being any pulpit. This is the spirit of
the sect; they would reduce the whole of the religious
service into those formalities, which, though decent
and necessary adjuncts to the worship ' in spirit and
truth,' enjoined by the Gospel, would, by themselves,
constitute no religion whatever. The tract-mongers
might satisfy themselves with a church to be served by
an automaton clergy—the 'cast-iron parsons' proposed
by one of Mr. Thistlewood's accomplices. It was not
thus that the Christian poet thought of the uses of the
pulpit.
The pulpit therefore (and I name it filled
With solemn awe, that bids me well beware
With what intent I touch the holy thing)
The pulpit when the Satirist has at last
(Strutting and vapouring in an empty school)
Spent all his force and made no proselyte—
I say the pulpit, in the sober use
Of its legitimate peculiar power
Must stand acknowledged while the world shall stand,
The most important and effectual guard,
Support, and ornament of Virtue's cause;
There stands the messenger of truth—there stands
The legate of the skies—his theme divine
His office sacred, his credentials clear;
By him the violated law speaks out
Its thunders, and by him, in strains as sweet
As angels use, the Gospel whispers peace;
He 'stablishes the strong—restores the weak—
Reclaims the wanderer—binds the broken heart;
And armed himself in panoply complete
Of heavenly temper, furnishes with arms
Bright as his own; and trains by every rule
Of holy discipline to glorious war
The sacramental host of God's elect."
Such is the abomination' of the Romanising tract
writers.

" We have now discharged a necessary, but a very
distasteful task. We have little fear, however, that
we shall have often to recur to it : the sect will never
make formidable way, and the most that can be re-
quired is to acquit the Church of giving it any coun-
tenance, and to disabuse the Rotnanists of the opinion
that their auxiliary is likely ever to possess any influ-
