THE DISSENTERS.

(From Fraser's Magazine.)
Of these as a whole, we cannot speak, having no fixed or-
ganisation. no creed, no representative and responsible organs,
we can only speak of them as they are indicated by their lead-
ers, and their pro 39 articles,—the Patriot, Eclectic, Con-
gregational, the Baptist, &c. &c. There is less of fever in
the interest, we should pronounce, if our diagnostics are at
all correct. We hear less of fell expressions about the church,
of uproarious meetings for the extinction of tithes and sub-
traction of rates. This silence has been dearly bought. They
have learned their own weakness by experience, and the
strength and stability of the church by the hard knocks they
have received in their collisions. If they admire the volun-
tary system, we sincerely bid its ministers pocket the pro-
ceeds, preach their sermons, and propagate their views and
their ' interest,' and let their ecclesiastical neighbours alone.
There are in many of the streets of London, spaces for build-
ing, plenty of houses and warehouses convertible into cha-
pels, abundance of bricklayers at low wages. Why then,
murmur at the church? She neither imprisons the brick-
layers, nor pulls down the walls. She interdicts the dissenter
from no parish ' • and subjects him to no penalties for pre-
ferring a chapel to a church.
One of the finest traits of unfounded braggadocio has
lately been put forth by a leading organ of that noisy and
troublesome interest. We subjoin the true reply to the false
assertion, and leave the inference quietly to our readers.
Dissent (loquitur.) Who first planned and since sup-
ported the principal missionary associations in England?
The Moravians, the Baptists, Independents, and Methodists.'
Truth (loquitzir.) The first missionary society in Eng-
land originated with the church in 1760, viz., the Society for
the Propagation of the Gospel.
Dissent (loquitur.) Who first organised schools for the
general education of the poor of this country ? Joseph Lan-
caster, a Quaker, and the British and Foreign School Socie-
ty, supported by the dissenters.'
Truth (loquitur.) Dr. Bell, a member of the Church of
England, founded and carried into operation the Madras
system, expressly for the education of the poor ; and the Bri-
ish and Foreign School Society was as much the offspring
tat' the churchmen's charity, as it has been till lately chiefly
supported by churchmen.
Dissent (loquitur.) Who carried Sunday schools to the
greatest extent in the first instance ? The dissenters, who
still persevere largely in the same good work.'
Truth (loquitur.) 'I he Rev. Thomas Stock, of the Cathe-
dral School at Gloucester, originally suggested the idea of
Sunday schools ; and Mr. Raikes aided hm in carrying his
idea into execution.
Dissent (loquitur.) Who began the Tract Society? A
Scotch dissenter ; and it is still mainly carried on by dissen-
ters.'
Truth (loquitur.) The Society for Promoting Christian
Knowledge, by diffusing religious tracts, &c., wash exist-
ence nearly a hundred years before it. At this moment, the
Tract Society, in Paternoster-row, is supported chiefly by
churchmen.
Dissent aoquiturd Who began and carried forward the
most persevering opposition to slavery ? The Society of
Friends, assisted by Wilberforce and others.'
Truth (loquitur.) Wilberforce and Clarkson, members
of the church.
Dissent (loquitur.) Who have most societies for the
relief of the sick in their districts ? The dissenters, and es-
pecially the Methodists.'
Truth (loquitur.) The Church of England, out of whose
funds all denominations receive ; which gives more in cha-
rity in twelve months, than all the dissenters together in
twelve years.
Dissent (se vana jactat in aula.) . Who have translated
the Scriptures into most languages ? The dissenters, parti-
cularly the Baptists at Serampore!
7ruth (
kquittir.) The Church of England has translated
the Bible into ten languages, for every two into which the
dissenters (or rather Dra. Carey and Morison) have trans-
lated it. And let this .tEolus remember, that for our own
just and noble version, we are indebted to the church.

FUTURE PROSPECTS.—MOOI,iDAY, DOGDAYS, 1850.—
This day at high noon, all the editors of the morning, even-
ing, and weekly papers, the whole of the jUdges; the entire
bar, a posse of attorneys, and all the sheriffs of all England,
with all the under-sheriffs, their bailiffs, and other officers,
were removed from the cells, and side rooms of the House
of Commons, lately partitioned off for their immurement,
and conducted under military escort of the House of Com-
mons army to the new Commons' House Gaol, formerly
called the penitentiary, at Milbank. This noble edifice has
been selected and purchased by the celebrated democratic
committee (a short time since appointed for the purpose),
on account of its admirable capacities for solitary confine-
ment, the insalubrity of its site, and other facilities it pos-
sesses for the resort to torture, physical and mental, in order
to subdue the contumacy of the horrible delinquents above
mentioned. The crowd, on their passage, although it sni-
velled a little and looked considerably uneasy, was perfectly
submissive, and so extremely cowardly, that, on the few of
the parliamentarians flourishing their swords, two-thirds ran
away in the most indescribable alarm and confusion. We
congratulate all the lovers of their country on this renewed
triumph of people's friends and our ever glorious constitution
By a statement which has recently been drawn up at Liver-
pool, and which shows in a striking manner the most promi-
nent points of the origin and present state of the dispute
between Buenos Ayres and France, it appears that all the
real damage occasioned by this war has fallen upon British
commerce. Whilst the French, in April last, had 20 vessels
of war, there were only two British vessels there, and in Sep-
tember last, whilst the French had 24 ships in the River
Plate, in all carrying 320 guns, there were only three British,
two of 26, and the other of 16 guns. Mr. Mandeville, it is
stated, had acquainted government that the produce belong-
in, to British subjects detained at Buenos Ayres amounted
to £400,000 only, but it is contended that this account was
far below the mark, as it did not include manufactured goods
nad bullion held by British houses, or the amounts of pro-
since in the hands of German and American houses for Bri-
.tish account, or provided for by British advances. From a
volution, founded on the official returns of exports in 1837,
in conjunction with information, it appears that the amount
of produce, on ,-which British capital is advanced, or on Bri_
tish account,
;,:35,(',00, to which is to be added £103,000
for Sritish hianufactures, giving a total of £1,060,000, the
interest on which at 5 per cent, would be £53,000. Valuing
the expenditure of British importing houses at Buenos Ayres
,at £16,000, it follows that the merchants sustain a yearly
loss of £62,000, exclusive of the capital sunk in property
which ix imutinnany -cleteriorating.—Standard,
