Standard Office, Three o' Clock.

ItmAtcA.—By her Majesty's packet Hornet we have
this day received files of Jamaica papers to the 11th
ultimo, inclusive. We are sorry to find that the all-
important period appointed for the abrogation of the
apprenticeship has not passed off as satisfactorily as
might have been anticipated. We have no room to-
day for any extended comments on the subject, and
hasten to present our readers with a few extracts from
the papers.

(From the Royal Gazette of Aug. 4.)
•FREEDOM.—The Jubilee is past. That day so dreaded by
all connected with the British West India Colonies—when
the grand national experiment, of liberating hundreds of
thousands of bondsmen, and allowing them to enter into all
the privileges of freemen, is happily passed away. The last
remnant of slavery has been dissipated, mud as time waits for
no man, as it glides swiftly- and regularly on, so the hour on
which slivery was to cease, approached, arrived, went, and
the next bout beheld our people freemen in every sense of
the word. Thank Goal. there is no restriction, nothing to
fetter the liberated slave. lie is free to tram where the
canopy of heaven overVangs the British diiminions—'he is
free as the eagle on the wing, and no man can eontroul him
—his fetters are unbound, broken, snapt ay...ler, by the
wisdom of our legislature—and he is now only amenable to
the laws of God and his country.

THE VESTIVITIES.—EarIy on the afternoon of the 31st of
July, our usually quiet city began to be in commotion, and
numerous parties were seen proceeding to the Race Course,
to inspect the preparations for the festivities of the evening..
Towards dusk a large concourse of the rabble collected to-
getlorr, and with fife and (truth, and two or three flags, pro-
ceeded from the Parade to the Race Course, where, soon
after, rockets were sent up, and fire-works exhibited for the.
amusement of the people; a very excellent transparency was
shown, and a miserable attempt at such a thing was also ex-
hibited on the Parade.

Towards ten o'clock, almost all had retired, some to court
the sleeping God, others to the chapels, to watch the hour
when freedom should be ushered in, and no vestige of slavery
remain in Jamaica, while a few kept la! la! la! joy, to the
disturbance of the more sober citizens, with their noise.

The 2d, like the day before, was still and silent as the
grave. Towards inid-day, however, our late apprentices
and crowds of people were again seen approaching the scene
of festivity.

The Ist of August came, and the sun which rose that
morning shed its lustre on a free country. All was hushed
as the Sabbath, and the-Church bell gave %yarning that the
House of God was open, to'allow all ranks to retain thanks,
and give praise for the glorious day. The day passed in
quietness—the churches and chapels were well attended, and
nothing but the occasional burst of those who had been re-
galed and were making merry towards the evening seemed
to interrupt the calm and peaceful state of the city.

(From the Royal Gazettee of Aug. 11.)
THE STATE op THE ISLAND.—It is with sincere regret
that we have this week to deplore the lamentable state of ex-
citement which pervades souse districts of the country, and
the perverseness and obstinacy which betrays itself in the
minds of most of our people. Goaded as they are by those
who ought to preach peace and forbearance, we cannot but
condemn in the most severe terms the manner which the
Baptist missionaries have conducted themselves, at a period
,then they ought to have been most guarded in preventing
those over whom they have the most unbounded sway to act
otherwise than in a manner in which no blame could have
been attached to them. But what is the state of the island ?
From almost every parish, accounts have been received
of the total cessation from labour. And from what
cause? The exorbitant demand for excessiue wages.
In almost every parish 2s. 6d:, 3s. 4d., or ss. a day is de-
manded, wages which could only be afforded by proprietors
making 3,4, or S(X) hogsheads of sugar under the most favor-
able circumstances—while those snaking 100 or 150 must be
thrown up. Were it even possible to suppose the people
could hold out for high wages, and that the planter would
have to give in, the only manner in which it would be possi-
ble for the planter to exist, would be, by a complete reduc-
tion of the duties on sugar, without which he would be
ruined. This is not, however, at present the question.
We have made. such extracts from the Nortbside Papers
as will show the excited and alarming state of the
parish of Trelawny; besides which our private letters
state, " that Mr. Oughton (a Baptist Minister) his publicly
told the people to let the canes rot upon the field and the ships
go home in ballast, sooner than take one farthing less than
2s. 6d. per diem—and a congregation of 1500 men, heard a
Minister of the Gospel speak in the most disrespectful terms
of the proprietors at home, and dare his members to lift a
hoe under 2s. 6d. a day." Now we ask, is this a prudent
course for a Minister of the Gospel, one who ought to be
a messenger of peace, to pursue. We deprecate such
conduct. We denounce the conduct of the Rev. Gen-
tlemen, Messrs. Knibb and Oughton, as fraught with the ut-
most danger to this island, and what ought to engage the at-
tention of her Majesty's government. We understand that
those Ministers who advocate the course of peace and forbear-
ance, are unheeded and held up to ridicule and abuse. In
fact we have it from the best authority, that even Mr. Bur-
chell is ashamed of and reprobates the conduct of his Bre-.
three on the Nortbside of the island. It is said, that the ex-
citement at this time occasioued by the addresses of Oughton,'
is tremendous, and quite equal to that of Mr. Knibb..

DONCASTER. MEETING.-MONDAY SEPT. 17, 1838.

The Fitzwilliam Stakes of 10 sovs each, with 30 sous added
by the Corporation, three years old 7st Sib, fottr slb, five
Bst 121 b, six and aged 9st. A mile and a half.
Mr. Ordc's 1, m Bee's-wing, 5 yrs
The Champagne Stakes of 50 sows each h 0 for colts, Bst 51b
- and fillies' Bst 3;b. The winner to give six dozen of Cham-
pagne to the Doncaster Racing Club---Ited-house in.
Duke of Cleveland's b F Eliza, by Physician—Matilda 1
Lord Eglington's ch c -Zoroaster, by Priani—Spaewite 2
The Four Year Old Produce Stakes of 100 sows each h ft
for colts Bst 71b, fillies Bst 41b,- 31b allowed, &c. Two
miles. • •
Sir R. W. Bulkeley's ch e Bangalore, by Battledore.... tv.o.
Her Majesty's Purse of 100 gs free for any horse, three yr
olds 7st 916, four 9st, five Oat 91b, six and aged lilst. Four
miles.

Mr. Ferguson's ch c II arkaway,4 yrs

1,11.7ERP001. MARKETS.

CORN EXCHANGE, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13.

• The supply or Foreign Wheat is large, but we have little
New or Old from Ireland.. During the past week there has
been an extensive save for Foreign Wheats, " now free," to
country Millers.

At to-day's Market, both speculators and consumers pur-
ch.aseci freely; and for some picked samples of Wheat, 2d.
per 701bs. advance was paid. New dried Irish sold at 9s. 3d.
per 701bs.

The Oat trade was firm, and Oatmeal' sold at an advance
or 6d. per 2401b5.

There was a good demand for sack acid barrel Flour at the
full prices of last weak; a sample of new Irish sold at 54s
per 2801bs:

The week's imports of Butter are 13,900 firkins. We
have a good demand and more firmness in the trade from the
advance yesterday in London. . i

d s
6.. 9 0
2 iv 9 0
6.. 9 2
0.. 10 01
0.. 0 01

WHEAT, ffir7Pths, S
Irish dried red . 8
Do. dried white, 9
New..... 8
English 9
•Canals (I
OATS, 4y45 lbs
Irish - 3 0.. 3 a
BAItLEY, Sr 60 lbs.
•lrishglinding 4 10 .. 5 6

BEAKY, imp. mea. s d s d
Irish.
FLOUR, lV 280 lbs.
Eng.&lrishsup. 50 0 5 0
Du. fines 46 0.. 48 0
Do. seconds 4I 0 .. 44 0
Do. thirds.-- 10 0.. 22 0
NIEAL,24Otbs. new 28 0.. 0
Do. old 2 0 0
BRAN. ctr z 1 lbs 1 3.. I 6
-"AVERAGE PRICE 01' 131TTER.

SD SD
Bacon, 4, cwt 50 0 rd 53 0
Hams, dry
Do. wet ...... 0.. 01
Firkin Lard, 5l 0 .. 54 01
Illaddered do 6O 0 .. 66
Grease Butter 40 0 .. 42 0
Prime Mess Beef,
• clr tierce, 98 0 ..110
Prime Mess Pork,
41r barrel, 78 0 .. 80 01

)1 s o s n
IBanbridge B5 0 092 9
i;Waterrord
I:Coleraine.
llearlow bB U.. 92 u
l'Limerick .
I 0 .. 0
i/helfast 96 0 .. 91 0
I Derry
Cork, gds,
!Newry.
li Dundalk — 0 ..
ISligo

AltitlVA
From the 4th to the

;OR N.
Member inclusive

DESCRIPTION.

FO-
REIGN.

!EAST
INDIES,

'TOTAL.

Wheat Qrs
Barley Qrs.
Oats Qrs.
Flour Sacks
Ditto Brim.
Malt
Oatmeal Loads
nye ....
Beans Qrs.
Pease ... Qrs.
Shelled Barley Qrs.
Indian Corn Urs
Rapeseed Qrs.

sill?

PING

NTELLIGENCE.

TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18,1838,

SAlL2D.—Aurora, Tuscan, dor T 1 Gustov, Ysberg,
for Stoekholm—flebe, Lundstrorn, for Revel—Egidus, Dayts, fur
Ostend—Thorne, Arnold, for New York—Express. Hensing, for
Lisbon—Elise, Ileldt, for liambro— Emma, Yereeval, for Genoa
and ke,gborrk—Alexander Savin, Tuleff, for Revel—Bland, Callan,
for Calcutta—Amalia. Romans, for lioston—Nldlle. Del Laura,
Cornnello, for Naples—Lady Rowenna, Clayton, for Bombay.

Spermeceti, Albion, from Miramichi, at this port.
Circassian, Ketch, off ditto.
Hercules, Ernst, from Ancona, and Wilhelmina Russ, from
Rim for Liverpool, at Kanso.
Traveller, Cothay, hence at Savanilla.
Isabel. Jones, from London, hence at Antigua.
Whitehaven, , sailed from A ntii,ua for this port 31st July
Lord Stanley, Miller; Garland, Witileton, and Chilian, Wild-
grin, hence at Maranham
Booth., Wilson, hence at St. Thomas
Cuba, Kessock, hence and Barbadoes, at Antigua
Harvest Home. Klein, hence at Barbadoes
John Ileyes. Hutchinson, from London, ditto
Johnstone, Spence, hence at Demerara
Sarah, Elwood, from London, at Berbice
Columbine, Kennedy, hence at St. ttl ichaePs
Bothiy Wood, —, and Albion, Balls, hence at Malaga
Fanny Ann Carrigues, from Jamaica, off Cape St. Nichohts 3rd
Aug. for Liverpool
Wm. Harris Jolly, hence at Gibraltar
'Victory, Jarvis, hence at Lisbon
Fanny Connell, sailed from Lisbon for Liverpool 9th Sept.
John Brooks, Looney, hence at Laguira, and was to sail l lth
Aug. for Liverpool
Governor, James, hence at Jamaica
J• seph P. Doliree, Blostrie, hence 01 Port-au-Prince
Jervis Cass, Thatcher, hence to New York, was spoken 10th
Sept., in lat. 45, long.
General Hodgman, --, from New Orleans, at Trieste.
ARCHANGEL. 30th Aug.—The John Troughton, from Liverpool,
struck off the Bar coming in, and lost her rudder.
I. Palm, 15th Sept.—The Atieille, Laperte, from St. Louis to Liver-
pool, was lost on Senegal Bar, 3rd Aug., crew and part of the cargo
saved.

The Kara, from incite', at Gonaives, leaky, having experienced
heavy wither off Donna Maria : cargo discharging.
The wither
Griffiths, from Danzig, at Elsinore, afttrbeing on shore
at the Saltholimes, hound to Liverpool.
