. •
. -
_
156 THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD
-e !
. .
MEETING OF PARLIAMENT.—IIIs now generally knows'
s *alto bp Aucti, DOMESTIC. on , .
Ent Inilteo. .n CORRES
_ _ . - -
A regular Trader. TO-MORROW, (Wednesday) the 30th instant, at Twelve o'clock, THE Comm—Their Majesties continue to enjoy uninter- The first business will be that of administering the oaths to
rupted health and good spirits at Brighton. The King takes members of the two houses, which must necessarily occl,
/ For BOMBAY, at MOLYNEUX, TAYLOR, and Co.'s,Office, Chapel-street,
•-:): 17.,,vi The well-known Ship MI , RNA, 90 Tierces CarolinißlCE, almost daily rides in his carriage, and seems to be generally least, several days, and, consequent)y, public business w TO rim EDITOR OF 7
131; Iwould wish d
--- to r
---5.-- P. METCALF, Com .. . rider; - Just landed ex Stirling.—Apply .iis Mr. W. C. MOLYNEUX, .
accompanied b/Miss D'Este. Among the visitors at the Pa- be entered upon till probably the sth of February. The
377 tons register; will have early de . , tch.—For freight or Merchant, or to d Sir James Graham Lordand • the Live II fi t •
lace, we notice aron Om a, , of supremacy and allegiance are to be taken by the m rPoo n rmavY a
cabin passage apply on board, Prince's 1 ock, or to Lady R Grosvenor, Mr. I-I Fellowes, the Marquis of Bristol; before the Lord Steward previously to their entering the
MOLYNEUX, TAYLOR, and Co. Brokers. R. • ' , derabie importance to the r;
A. PARLANE, 21, Water-street. the Duke of Dorset, the Duke and Duchess of St. Alban 8, For the purpose of administering such oaths, the, Lord S
One class of patients which
-..• .s TO STATIONERS AND OTHERS, Lord Elphinstone, and the Earl of Munster.—The King is to will attend either in the lobby of the House of Commons, of If 8 • ' .es.
.- • •
For BATA:VIA, MANILLA, and SINCAP ORE, WITHOUT THE LEAST RESERVE. hold his first levee on Friday, the 22nd February, and a levee the long gallery, which adjoins the lobby. Each memb, es rs. Biclsersteth, D.
ss, The very fine Liverpool-built Ship To Close an Account, on every succeeding Wednesdny till further notice. entering the house; takes at the table of the house, the moved to a separate buildin
•11t-Kr- STATESMAN, • • - By Messrs. T. and J. TROTTER, The Duke and Duchess of Cumberland have caused a large oaths of supremacy and .11egiance. He delivers in, at the died officers distinct from
-•---••C•-' ro-moanow, (Wednesday.) the h instant, precisely at •
Captain JOHN QtrlLLEit; tof blankets clothing andto be distributed time, his qualification at the table of the house, and take al
quanti y , warm , Goals,
near Now the nature of
Al, being only three years old, 315 tons per register,. newly Eleven o'clock, at their Sale ooms, in Whitechapel, amongst- the families Kew.- This supply has been most oath of his being qualified. If any member should, theuE.
poor at
coppered, sails remarkably fast, and a very superior conveyance
U •
PWARDS of 200 Reams of APER, of various qualities, seasonable R 1 1-1. ht f 1 inadvertence, take his seat within the house, during the
, and entitles their oya Hi nesses to the gra e u require my explanation
citi_ suitable for Stationers and Printers. - -• tee
for goods and passengers, (her accommonatious being ex
.thanks of all the indigent and deserving of the neighbourhood, of the house, without having first taken the necessary oa essary to conduct such
M be ay seen previous to the sale.
lent.)—For terms, &c. apply to Captain Quiller, on board, inupon all of whom some benefit has been conferred, in propor- would be thereby disabled trom sitting in that Parliament, thought to all who are cot
the Prince's Dock, to -Messrs. MURRAY, SYME, and Co. to SALE OF FURNITURE IN GREAT HOMER-STREET. tion to the wants and numbers in the several families thus par- would be subject to a fine of five hundred pounds. Me
‘)Pinion it should be to n
Messrs. C. HUMBERSTON and Co. or to. W. and J. TYRER. By Messrs. T. and J. TROTTER. •- ticipating in the royal bounty.—London Paper. elected at a general election do not require to be introduc ,
whatsoever time they may take their seat. But it is sta about to be attached to then
Will be despatched on the 15th February. THIS DAY (Tuesday) the 29th instant, at Eleven o'clock, on the It is stated that the East India Company are about making „
For CA LCU A, Premises, No. 20, Great. Homer-street, great alterations in their establishment; that the warehouses in Hastell's Precedents " h • , t at, by a resolution of the Ho (''' the very seniors of the proj
~V.i. (With leave to call at e MAURITIUS
1 THE modern and genteel HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, the East India Docks are to be abanoned; and that they will Commons, the 23d of February 1688 "When a mem .
4, , require an apology from
on writ • d h 1 issued after t e genera election, such me
2711 The BAH lAN, China, Glass, and other Effects , a Gentleman declining form extensive establishments at Liverpool.—Morning Herald. elected a s
•-_ . - Jos. PEARCE, ommander; Housekeeping, consisting of Four lost and Camp Bedsteads MORE CORPORATION ROBBERY IN THE WIND.—Lord Met '
. , must be introduced by two other members, and is bronglil•
from the b Ir•three - bar ma ing obeisances to the chair, in ord
Al, a regular trader, well known for making short passages.— and Hangings, Paillasses, Feathe t eds and Bedding, Maho- bourne has this week called upon the corporations of Canter- expressed in the resolution 4 that the member be IdY may
Apply to TAYLOR, POTTER, and Co. anyg Articles in Library, Dining, Card, Snap, and Work bury and Stamford to lay before him a copy of their constitu- to the house.'" ~
. WEST E
Tables, Sideboard, Set of Chairs, Sofa, in black hair cloth, tion, with a view to placing the municipal authority, of these
To succeed the above, Wardrobe, Night Commode, Chest of Drawers, Kidderminster towns upon a new and amended system, suited to the altered
The school which her Royal Highness the Duchess of j,
i To THE RDI7'OR OF
The IMOGEN, J. RICHARDSON, Commander. and Venetian -Parlour and Hair Carpets Window Curtains, condition of affairs since the charters lastconfirmed by were the established about a twelvemonth since, in a pretty cottage
~,
CORDELIA, G. WEAVER, Commander. Pier and Swing Dressing Glasses, Camber Chairs, Tables, crown.—Country paper. the gate of Claremont Park, now contains upwards d
~ la,--From your inserti
and Wash-stands, the Useful Kitchen Articles &c. village children. 'llfer that the few observat
FIRE AND MELANCHOLY Loss OF LIFE.— On Saturday S
lattot Ettbit. The whole may be viewed, and Catalogues had on the Morn-
ing of sale. morning, about half-past seven o'clock, a fire broke out in the you o
t h sloWl fro a s ver tta kof• f 1 mmeil i recoveri g, g y, m e e a c in a . idea, I
41 hasten to the comp
- bedroom of Mrs. Manley, hair manufactory, No. 10.3, Hatton-
of the chest. The Duke of Bedford, accompanied by his
For DEM7I., IRONMONGER'S STOCK, JOINER'S TOOLS, &c. garden, London, and spread with fearful rapidity. The firemen
Lord C. Russell, M.P., arrived at Baron's Court yester consider "whether the m
4„.... To sail 10th Fe uary, , By Mr. RAGG. directed their exertions inincipally to the adjoining houses, the
(Friday) from England, infour ays.— on on erry en 11 bebeneficial or injur
• d LJ d S till, $s old -' .
-11e1.VT The fine coppered Be PERICLES, Without reserve,—Txts DAY, (Tuesday) the 29th instant, and roofs and attics of which sustained considerable injury. About
~„, ROBERTSO , Master; following Days, at Eleven o'clock 'each Day, on the Pre_ eight o'clock the roof fell in with a tremendous crash, burying It is reported here that our independent representative, lo entering upon this qu
2516 tons per register • lyin,g in Queen's Dock.—For freight mises, No. 48, Church-street, opposite Waterloo-place, Mrs. Manley, an old and decrepid lady, together with three of ward Bolton Clive, Esq., will immediately be called to Irhat is the present conditi(
apply to ROBERT MONRO, 1, King-street. THE STOCK in TRADE of an IRONMONGER, con- her grand daughters, one aged live years, and twins aged three upper house.—Hereford Times.
. . anxious to confer the boon
sistino of Bronze, Brass, Green, Wire, and Pierced Fen- years, in the burning ruins. Miss Manley, the daughter of the We understand that a 74 gun vessel is stationed at P 1 oss sa •
To sail early in Febru ry.rive African who rican, forms
. ders, Metal Teaiots and Coffee Bisroins, every desert tion of deceased, aged twenty years, and the female servant, who slept for the purpose of taking troops on board to cothey tile' s
•s'i.. For KINGSTON and MONTEG BAY, JAMAICA. . lave population of the We
414 Zs The fine Ship M"E Y, pea-trays and -alters, double and single-fronted Rumford together, very narrowly escaped. At a quarter past eleven Ireland.
Grates, Cornice ends, Curtain-holder and Pins, Black Tin • o'clock the fire was not extinguished. How it, originated is at We learn from an authentic statement that there were I q all those passions which
JOSEPH SHARPE aster; Dish Covers, Coffee Mills, Bottle J •s, Japanned Articles in present unknown. remanets in the different Law Courts at the close of the ranee and barbarism. T
Al, 327 tons, Liverpool-built, a large ortion of her cargo is ereat variety, Fancy Jelly Moulds, rass, Tin, and other Can-' MEETING OF PARLlAMENT.—Notwithstanding all that has sittings, no less a number than nearly nine hundred causes, the
ready to go on board.—For freight or passage apply to the a,gratification of
esticks, Stair Rods, Fire Brasses, Fire Irons, Coal Boxes, been said abouthis Majesty opening the ensuing session of Par- in the King's Bench 700, in the Common Pleas 190, and ill
Master on board, King's Dock, to Messrs. W. KER, IMRIE,
and Co. or toCLAY, .W.
Joiners' Tools, which will be Sold in the Evening.—Sale to present time, nothing whatever has been settled on the subject. The Marquis de Palmella, it is reported, intends td visit 'l° the strong over. the wel
To sail in all this m nth. commence at Seven o'clock. Not a single order of any kind has been issued to those whose reside in France for some time. j in ignorance of every prim
For BARBADOS, Catalogues may be had on the Premises on the Mornings of duty it is to take part in the royal procession when• the King.
The Countess Guiccioli has left London for Italy, to bet th evil •
which
.1 ose passions
.47,
kV; 4 The Brig BL U HER,
- R. SMALL woo , Master; t e West-end of the town, that the council for arranging his rigs to manhood with a
On MONDAY, the 4th of February next, at Four o'clock in the hhas lately visited the tomb of Lord Byron, and eXcited as 4oti
Lying in Queen's Dock.—For freight or passage apply to Afternoon, at the Swan Inn, in Tarporley, in the county of Majesty's speech will be held at Brighton.—Correspondent of
be supposed, much interest in the neighbourhood 61 Newso Yis powerful in strengt
THOMAS LEE and Co. •
Chester, subject to the conditions then to be
.produced, London Standard. Abbey.—Country Paper. However painful it ma'
TO sail in all this month. ruHE Fee-simple and Inheritance of, and in all that MES- RIOT IN A GAOL.—On Friday evening, while the turnkey of . 1 being
44-21.1.5. For DEMEROA,thegaol went into one of the cells where the criminals are con-
A. SUAGE or DWELLING-HOUSE, situate at Hollins
fined, Robert Ireland, and J. Robertson, mariners, and NinianThe spread of Conservative associations is proceeding 18.1# . ,to witness such ado
which truly Had these b 1
rapidity
is encouraging. societies n one of his fellow-creatt
P÷.44' 7 The Ship SEA "rn, hill, in Utkinton, in the parish of Tarporley; together with the • •-set on foot before the last election we should have had a
Melville, Wright,and Peter Lundie, travelling tinker, four .
JOHN ROBERTSON, ommander; - Lands, Garden, Stone-quarry, and Pr miser thereunto belong-truth of this statement, e
notorious characters, succeeded in jostling him, and, before different set of members returned to the present pubes, 8
For freight or passage, having superior cabin accommodation, ing, containing in statute measure I acres or thereabouts, in uch was the general char
apply to JOHN GLADSTONE and Co. the holding of-Mr. John Wilson. he could recover himself, got out at the iron and wooden doors, We alluded last week to the association formed in Bath; 0
-- h
and made their way into the passage. As they could not make are springing up in Warwick and Warwickshire, in Glou yan act of the legislature
/ Also, a PEW in the parish chu of Tarporley.
For ANTIGUA; their escape, they took possession of a cell on the front of the and Gloucestershire. In Suffolk, Essex, Hampshire, Yorks' anendput to this • h
was
The House is pleasantly situate, and the Land is exceedingly Cu I d &c.,
advantages have long mber autheir been known. •
4,T.,.._-• ~ The Ship PH r IX, gaol, and barricaded the door by a table and other furniture ,
good, and in a high state of cultivation. d lug this event a visible i
UtZie'.% Captain HA LEY; The Quarry is valuable, yielding great profit from the excel- uttering the most fearful threats and imprecations against all Worcester and Worcestershire there is a movement -ao
-- - - For freight or passage apply o lent quality of its red and white stone. have littledoubt that in very few months scarcely 'large Management and treatmei
, who offered to come near them. They kept possession of this a
C.. W. and F. SHAND.ac- or county in the kingdom will be without one. In our own the greatest enemies of th
There is a large bed of excellent Marl running through the cell for nearly two hours, when several of the magistrates,
to sail on the 10th February. whole Estate.the promoters of theand extensive,f
companied by a body of police officers, assembled, and the _ numerous soyieties
.o appear, this improvement
For BARBADO Mr. John Burgess, of Utkinton, will show the Property, and door being. broken open, they surrendered at discretion, 'and amongst us, by means of which Radicalism lately receiv , work of the planter, and
& The Ship THOMAS A'NIEL, further particulars may be obtained at the Office of Mr. J. were put in irons.—Dundee Courier.signal a defeat, are weekly adding to their numbers,and
ing converts to their principles.—Fear F arley' a Bristol Jou when the importation of
R. DUNN, 11 ter; THoa LEY, Solicitor, Tarporley. THE NEWSPAPER STAMP-DUTY:—MORE SEE-SAW WORK.
Lying in the King's Dock.—For fret ht or passage apply to
1 by law, their value becan
Lord Althorp to recommend a greater reduction of the News- ham Conservative Association" has been formed, and fore was but a secondary I
the Master, on board, or to Ott Oate.
N. WATERHOUSE and SONS. , paper Stamp-duty than that which he originally proposed—viz., many gentlemen of weight and influence in the co'tion of the slave, became
To clear on the Ist F binary. HORSES ON SALE, .. • as reduction to two pence. This agrees with the statement are already enrolled on the list of its members.--0 T
he planter became away
which we latelymade on the subject. But so many apparently Advertiser.
• For 'mils; I D, . At WEBSTER'S Horse Bazaar,
Lime-street,:-11 It is withpleasure we are able to state, thatproper me • roote
43141.. , The fast-sailing Brig L Y DOUGLAS, A Pair of Pay Carriage Horses, five and six years old, 16 well authenticated accounts have been put forth-of a much
.„...f,„,a‘ •a. more extensive reduction of the taxes on knowledge having are in train for the speedy establishment of the County , crease their-comfort and 1
J. Cocas, aster; • 11 hands high; a Bay Gelding, five years old, 15-i- hands decided by the Government, thatweare compelled servative Club. In the mean time, our Conservative . •
upon
oppose
Lying in the King's Dock.—For terms of freight apply to high, likely to make a superior huntstrs a very,strong Brown been either that Lord Althorp has not made up his mind will rejoice to learn, that the good work has commenced b, 4,
to suppose,
T. and H. MURRAY- Gelding, five years old, 15 hands high, steady in single and
hour, that he has been
what to do, even at late or making
double harness; a very handsome Brown Mare, six years old,
inconsistent declarations on the subject to different parties— names are enrolled, and we are happy to find that the club as it has been forwarded I
Unttrb gltatos. l5 hands 3 inches high, a capital hackney; a Brown Gelding,
seven years old, 16 hands high, steady in harness; a Bay Mare, _
that the oracle, in short, has been dealing in double responses. not lack patrons among the higher order of inhabitants. • tion
S t tor events have taught our Conservative gentry a lesson. —Ss •. proceeds so we perce
pec a . .
Ai, - hands high; a Bay Pony, six years old, 13 Herald. slavery—the chains, the I
Will have immediate despatch. hands high, steady to ride and drive; a Bay Mare, five years . CLERICAL PASTIME—The medal given by the Currie Curl- SUNDAY TRADING.—The Protestant' Dissenters MUD' %eat—gradually dies psi
For NEW YORK., old, 15 hands high; a Brown Gelding, six years old, 15 hands ing Club,
was played for on- Monday last, and, after a keen
Vfn
Issas. The very fine first-class American Ship high, steady in arness; a very hansome Brown Cob, seven contest, was gained by the Rev. Mr. Somerville , 'lle minister of the chapel at York-street, Walworth, have a petition to
Having thus
llouse of Commons under signature praying that more effe• ; • -
concisely
020% MONTGOME
ERY, .. years old, a capital roadster, and steady in harness; a Bay the parish.—Edinburgh Courant.—[The trophy thus won by the be taken CI k measures may to ensure aue eeping of the Sa '
b situation of the slave, it
Captain' J. IT. IL ; ' Filly, nearly thorough-bred, four years old, 15 hands high, Rev Gentleman at this athletic exercise upon the ice at Currie,
and from what we hear, many petitions to the same pri • the slaves, in theirpresent
Burthen 400 tons, coppered and cop fastened, sails very would make a handsome Lady's Pad. , 'lrish
will hardly give weight to his support of the new . Edu-
from various parts of the country may be expected at the To secure subservience
fast, and is a very good. conveyance for goods and passengers ; Also, by Auction, TO-MORROW, (Wednesday at One o'clock, n scheme The Revgentleman was with one solitary cation . . . ,
anti-scriptural'scheme 'Y ing of Parliament. A meeting was held on Wednesday al thowhom
Ilea in the Prince s Dock.—For freight or passage apply to •
and exception, the only supporter of that in
a great number of Horses and Ponies, Gigs, other Vehicles, 'Town-hall at Brighton, for the purpose of
_petitioning P bi se they are ma
WADDINGTON, HOLT, and Co. Goree-piazzas. &c. &c. • the Edinburgh Presbytery.l—ED. of The Record. ment to adopt measures for a more rigid observance of eof their utility and a
. . _ ._ ,_ . -•-- Horses trained to Single and Double Harness. FEMALE EMIGRATION TO THE AUSTRALIAN COLONIES.— Sabbath-day, agreeably with a report of a committee of assert that the slaves of t
On *alt. - N.8.--Sales by Auction every Wednesday, at One o'clock. We understand that in consequence of an arrangement which
has been lately made by his Majesty's government with the House of Commons on that head : the High Constable ha Soever has been their pro
been called to the chair, briefly stated the object for which at this • Subordina
Point. a . PLAYS AND PLAYERS.—Miss Kelly entertained a numerous committee of the Refuge for the Destitute, young women of meeting assembled. Various resolutions were passed, and' I)
•
' -- For.SALE, ,_
party of her friends and the lovers of good acting on Thursday respectable. yharacter,
_and_ in good health, who__ are desirous to • •
meeting separated. an we are only induced I
..4„.., f. The Nbw Shipp,Eo,
mote= night at the Strand Theatre with reminiscences of some of the emigrate, will, by application to that committee, obtain a tom- How TO CATCH A POACHER.—A short time ago an ua Diction of the necessity.
WO- Burthen per register 461 tons • ill of the best ;1, most 'amusing incidents in ' theatrical I to N South Wales,under the t t•of ' h 1 •W. J. • ' 11
her career, illustrated by fortab e passage ew pro ec ion gamekeeper, in t e emp...oy of Denison, Esq., M. '
-- - - rials, and may be sent to sea a a small expense. othere is k 1 d sufli now ege
DUNCAN GIBB. sketches of character, after the of Mathews.She the superintendent and one of the matrons of the female esta-. 8
manner
riventory, &c., apply to menced with delivering, with much point, a very neat prologue, blishment, who are expected to sail in April next. Each fe- We are co lled to ohs(
a bush or tree or any thing else for the purpose of eoncealns rape
For SALE, explanatory of the causes which induced her to enter upon-her male will be re.quired to pay or guarantee the payment of six and he neing very desirous to detect the nocturnal depred . slave of the West India
The Ship ARIADNE, A 1; present very arduous undertaking, and giving some smart hits pounds to that institution, his Majesty's government paying theK
found, after considering the matter, that the only chance be ll.
-eedom at the p
resent, it
2-4 s ').._ s Burthen per register 332 tons s oail found in Stores, at the zoological taste of the managers of the great theatres.' remainder of the passage money. . of success was to be buried alive.; he accordingly with assistA, site e to bon da ge .
-,---••-•--- and may be sent to sea at a sitidli expense.—For iu- She then narrated her adventures, " even from her girlish PLAYING WITH FIRE Anais.—DISTRESSING OCCURRENCE. dug a grave just sufficient to contain hisbody, body, took away P extreme
ventory, &c. apply on board, in the Brunswick Dock, or to days ;" introducing some interesting recollections of J heohn On Monday morning the village of Northfleet, Kent, was soil in a sack, and was covered over with grass from a plan sighs for, not the fr
DUNCAN GIBB. Kembles Mrs. Siddons, Mrs. ~ Jordan, &c each of whom she thrown into the utmost consternation, in consequence of a tion, just level with the surface, dad after lying in that change that will leave hi
eulogised in a strain of enthusiastic feeling. Her anecdotes of report that William Farmer, a servant in the family of Thomas Con four hours on a cold December night, was at last rew Passion, and the gratific
THE CHURCH. •
provincial theatricals were very droll, and with good effect. Harmer, Esq., ,had shot a fellow-servant living •in the same by the appearance of the poacher, who on all other occasloi thange whose intent is
CAMBRIDGE
UNIVERSITY, JAN. 25.—The Vice-Chancellor But the best parts of the performance were the studies of family, named Sarah Parker, through the heart, and afterwards was considered a bold, resolute fellow, but on this was ci ~so
hnotice as given that the Rev. Arthur Judd Carrighan has re- character, most of which were full-length portraits, and highly endeavoured to destroy himself by cutting his own throat. pletely petrified and easily taken ; for, as he said afterwe 6.1 wth of such dangerou
signed the officeof Lady Margaret's preacher, and that an stet- finished. Among the incidents narrated were some of a seri- A number of persons collected in front of the house, and ahe thought it was the old gentleman come for him.—Hull RA If knowledge is power
tion to that office will take place at the end of the month. ous kind, which varied the performance, and gave Miss Kelly constable was sent for immediately, who was speedily in atten- in ham. il
,/ oWments of the savage
T formation a short time since cet
Saturday Henry George Hand, Esq., and R. Gordon La- an opportunity of displaying her powers of depicting. strong dance, and Farmer was delivered into his custody, and placed INcEsorranism.—lnformation was re
.., dreaded in civilized sta
tbani, Esq., fellows of King's College, were adnanted B. A. emotions. The stage was fitted upand arranged like the interior in one of the rooms of the house of Mr. Harman. Dr. Beau- at Bow-street of a fire, supposed by an incendiary, has', When
d Rev. eye was instituted to the rectory of of a drawing-room, so that the audience felt that their enter- mount was sent for. The wound in the prisoner's throat, taken place on Christmas night on the farm of Mr. Pothoge 4
It ay the Wm.en they are to be etre(
Sapperton, Gloucester. . tainer was at her ease, and really "at home ;" and mightfancy which is a most dreadful one, was immediately attended to, and at Fox Hill, Sunning, on the borders of Berkshire. Rutilt 4nm in their actions is
instituted to the themselves seated at one side of a room, listening to a suttee- he is now doing as well as can be expected. There are various the officer, was sent down to trace the circumstances, wil . th.
Saturday the Rev. H. Edw. Knatchbull was
sion .
. . ---v slaves emancipated
vicarage of North Elmham, Norfolk. - reports in circulation as to the cause of, the deed, but
The Rev. Dr, Buckland, Fellow of Sidney Sussex College, nessing the personation of the heroes and heroines of them. the most probable is the following ;-1t appears that the coach- succeeded in discovering the actual incendiary writ a boy na , _
Ist Would proceed voluntari
has been presented by the blasters and Fellows of that society- The frankness, ease, and self-possession of Miss Kelly's man- man had been out shooting in the morning, and on returning Cooper, who having set fire to one of the out the Ile; winch hitherto y
the have
• to the vicaraoe of Peasmarsh, in the county of Sussex, vacant ner, and the earnestness and gusto with which she entered into home he unloaded his gun, before placing it in the house, and communicated to all the out-houses, stacks, and barns adjoin's. • esu
f•-•-•=ngs of men even in
by the death of the Rev. Dr. Lettice, eacii subject in turn; contributed an indefinable kind of eat .shortly afterwards was sent for to drive Mrs. Harman •in On taking this boy, into custody, he coufessed his guilt,
y litt the of
performance e
The Archbishop of Canterbury has collated the Rev. G. W. sure to her audience, The entertainment is to be repd his absence, the footman took up
_the gun and went out sh'oot- stated that a man named Maskill, iu the emOloyment of . _
D. Evans to the vicarage of Reculver, with the chapelry of three times a week. Kean, junior, is engaged at Covent Garden iug also, and on his return left, incautiously, the gun loaded Pottinger, having owed him sixpence, he appfied for paymei ""mpelled to.perform, p
Aoath, void by the death of the Rev. C. B. Naylor. Theatre, where he will shortly make Ins appearance. He was in the place from whence he had taken it ; the coachman when he told him that upon condition of his setting fire to , cause. If ,so, how cal
By aid of the Court of Chancery, the endowed Grammar to sail from New York on the 16th inst., so that his arrival having returned, after attending to his horses, came into the master's out-houses he would pay him, but nut otherwise. A West India Colonies, wi
School at- Martock, Sornerket, founded in 1661, has been re- may be soon looked for. He is spoken of as having very kitchen, and taking up the gun, in a jocular manner, said (not kill then showed him the place where it would be best to all tilt •
'• established, and the new Trustees have elected the Rev. Walter greatly improved in his profession,. The African Rosen's, who, knowing the gun to be loaded, and lioniting itat her), " Sarah, the fire, but told him not to do it on Christmas eve, as that w advanced
ation would- act other
A
Alford, master. in Dublin, Edinburgh, and Brighton, was so successful as the I will shoot you through the heart," and, awful to relate, the be the night. when it was his turn to watch. In consequence in proof of thi
have The Bishop of Norwich has resigned the living of Sapper- representative of Othello, Ganibia, zany, &c., is engaged at gun went off, and it is supposed that the dreadful mischance this advice he obtained a light on Christmas night, and ha • gained their freedot
ton, in the diocese of Gloucester, which his lordship had held Covent Garden. His first appearance willi be announced next had such an affect upon him, as to cause him, in a paroxysm of applied it to the place described, in a short time the whole idle and dissolute d,an o
in commendam with his Bishopric twenty-eight years. week. Among the novelties in preparation at Drury-lane is a horror, to make the rash attempt on his own life. The prisoner in flames. Ruthven then took Maskill into custody, who Iso
The Rev. J. Temple, M. A. of Lane-end, has been presented ballet on a very magnificent scale, which is to throw everything is a married man and had been some time in Mr. Harman's fessed the truth of the boy's statement, and-also-'aid that procure the common
to the livinff of plimstall, near Chester, by the Earl of Brad- of a similar nature that has hitherto been produced into the service, but was in . love with his fellow-servant, whom, men, named Deadman and. Wick, who were also employed , Proved even to be ignoi
ford, vacant -13 y the death of the Hon. and Rev.-George Bridge- shade. Mr. Bunn has succeeded in engaging premiere densense strangely enough, he had often said he wished dead. Some- Mr. Pottinger, were parties to the diabolical plot. He assisti, bad
lab
the human being
man. and a corps de ballet, whose girations are to be More rapid than times, however, he wished that his wife was dead also. He has as a reason for his conduct, an apprehension that Mr. Pottint, fah
The Cheltenham Chronicle states that the Rev. Sir H. Thomp- those of Guerinot, and more graceful than those of Taglioui. always bore a good character ; and the deceased, too, appears intended to reduce their wages. Cooper and Maskill were 6 i, our for his own main
son has resigned the living of St. Paul's church in that town, so There are to be nearly two hundred figurantes and dancers en- to have. conducted herself in an irreproachable manner. Far- taken before a magistrate, and fully committed for trial, wb1. mg in intelligence to m
much to the regret of his congregation that they are about to gaged expressly for tne occasion. Covent Garden is equally mer was not in a state to make any defence before the Coro- Deadman and Wick, who were also arrested, were remand`` kind are called into acti
• convene a meeting in order to petition the Rev. Gentleman to busy. Laporte is going to make use of his Italian Opera com- ner's Jury; who accordingly adjourned for a week, till he shall for further examination.
• _,,,, Moreover, in calling
resume his duties amongst them. gaily, and the whole of its ballet department, to get up some- partially recover, without giving any verdict. DEATH FROM SPIRIT DRINKING.-011 Monday afternn slave
The Lord Bishop of Durham has ceded to the rectory of Sun- thing which shall rival the exertions of the other house. He is 'IRE ought to torsi
FACTORY QUESTION.—A meeting of the Delegates from an inquest, which lasted till midnight, was held at the Hope,: iu 'we
Berland a farm of £35 annual value; to St. John's chapel, also preparing 11 Don Giovanni, with the hope of eclipsing the the committees of the manufacturing districts of the United Wilmot-street, Brunswick-square, on the body of Mr. IV ,E,g, and consider well
Sonderland, a farm of iSI76 a year; to the vicarage of Stock- spiendia, preparations the management of Drury-lane are Kingdom, established for the furtherance and support of Mr. limn Jutten aged 40, a master farrier in a mews adjoining ti: glaYti can afford no era
ton, a farm of 1:68 a year; and, to livings of Medomley, and making to produce that delightful opera. Mademoiselle Dover- Sadler's factories' regulation bill, was held, by appointment, at Hope. The deceased and some coachmasters were in the flc4 °ovation i there
Gateshead Fell, £.lOO per annum each, under the power of the
beautyo is pronounced by her admirers to be the greatest t was e
Bradford, Yorkshire, on the 11th, 12th, 14th, and 15th instant, on Thursday evening, and the former, who had been enjoyill, 11100
Archbishop.of Canterbury's Act for the augmentation of liv- and finest dancer on the Paris stage, will arrive In Lon- for the purpose of promoting uniformity and vigour of proceed- himself, drank off a half-pint of raw brandy, which a hackar; • dof his master : z
ings. The Bishop has made other augmentata , ,
'pus under the don in the course of a few da s re arator -to her debut
y' P P / at ing among the friends of that cause. This object has been so coach-master, named.Yeomans, who was acquainted with hil
s ela
Peed since they first
_same .act.—Durham Advertiser. Drury-lanelheatre. The character of Nell Gwynne was oat far attained that a zealous co-o • '11• Scot dd f h This created I Ir. re '
operation will take place in- or ere or rm. is some sensation, and the asi plain an example to •
By the death of the Rev. Digby Smith a minor canonry has
'Lginali written for Madame Vestri, and the
butepte by land and the English counties. An address was agreed upon lord refused to deliver a second half-pint which was ordem,, avoid,than d
become vacant in our Cathedral, as well as the chaplaincy of her. iston was to have played Orange Moll, there was a prece en
at that meeting to the nobility, clergy, gentry, master-manufac- Yeomans, however, got it from him by asking for two sui
ts Jamaica St. Oswald's Hospital. The latter is in the gift of the Master some difference concerning the terms, and the author withdrew turers, agriculturists, tradesmen, and operatives of the United glasses, and sayiug he would drink it with his friends. Whet clearly proves
of the hospital, which appointment at the present time is also his piece from the Olympic and sent it in to Covent Garden, Kin dom,_of which the following is the most important passage ; . Yeomarts gos into the room, he put the half.pint measoll' mediate freedom. The
vacant, having been last held by the Rev. J. F. S. SL John, where it continues to draw very crowded houses. Some of the
„_.. Viends and countrymen—We plead with the legislature towards the deceased with a laugh, and the .latter took it, illtlex to a line of condo
recently deceased. By the statutes of the Charity the Master- papers reported that it was offered at Drury Lane, but nothing (and we beg you to support our plea)) for a limitation to ten and said "Here's your health, my lads; " upois which he dry aPon
ship is to be filled by the Dean of the Cathedral, and we believe, of the kind occurred. We have heard it stated that the receipts theirminds,and n
hours a day, or fifty-eight per week. We ask it as the least that off the contents without once taking the measure from back -
in the event of his declining it, it devolves to the senior Pre- at Covent Garden Theatre, since Christmas, have averagedinto the depths of
can be asked. We are supported by the opinion and testimony mouth. In five minutes he became insensible ;in which eta Proved • '
bend of the Chapter.— Worcester Herald. upwards of £4OO per night—a substantial proof of the attractive committee
most
witnesses personally examined before the he remained till three in the morning wh h • J
, en e so ~ by the indiscrin
A meeting of the clergy of Canterbury was held on Monday qualities of Nell Guynne, and the truly splendid pantomime.—'r bereft
e, most of them standing at the 'head of their profes- stomach-pump was applied, but without Nccess. Evidence obt7l Llbut of their
in the Chapter House to appoint Proctors in Convocation, London Papers.was .
such as no
sion : and also 19 others from Scotland, whose written testi- given that his death was occasioned by , a determination, civil
when the Rev. Dr. Nares and the Rev. W. F. Baylay were A LINCOLNSHIRE PATRIARCH.—At Conigsbv, on the 14th ~, power suffer to exi
mony was given in as evidence. To these we add the strong blood to the bead, produced by excessive dfinking• The isr
nuanimousiy- chosen. The Archdeacon having represented to instant, died, Mr. James Ward, of Tattershall, whilst at his • - 'us, Sir I hope I
concurrent testimony of two clergymen, one from Scotland and by direction of the coroner, returned a verdict of "Manslau. knowledge '
the clergy there assembled, the destitute condition of their daughter's for the benefit of his health, aged 101 years. He one from Yorkshire, examined before the committee—of 49 ter against 'James Yeomans," and a warrant was made out trust 1
hge is necessary
brethren in Ireland, they expressed their deep concern in the was a native of Waddington, near Lincoln; he lived 53 years ministers in Scotland, whose written testimonials were given his committal to Newgate.—Times. tiOt a ffi -
aye also proved
Levan
in which that branch of the National Church has which r. Thomas Dickinson, sen., as shepherd and farming man, t,, u ciently advance
in—of two private gentlemen—of 50 operatives, besides three OVER-LAND COMMUNICATION WITH INDIA.—Mr fWagh' . algir •
been involved, and it was unanimously resolved that the Arch- in situation he was greatly respected by the whole family,
~Fclate the freed(
females, from Yorkshire, Lancashire, and Cheshire, and nine the gentleman who has distin •h d himself .-
h fel..
deacon be requested to call a meeting, when the proceedings His harmless disposition, combined with honesty, industry, and guis eso much y . b r
_, irst, free the mfr
from Scoland—we ask it by the authority, in fac, of 155 com- enterprisin_g efforts to shorten ,the communication • I ' Y `l°. •
now in progress in London shall be matured and the inter- sobriety, gained him the respect of both rich and poor. Por 40 with a„, b log this you will
Potent witnessess of the evils of a disgraceful system, the blood will leave England early in next month, for thepurpose of r .Y which he - I Lions of goverment sufficiently known, to enable the clergy of years his lire was never out, and the use of a tinder-box his _ tsrst th will ever
stained records of which future generations will blush to eruse curing the erection of some depot, or h le
this diocese to co-operate effectually in measures of relief.— family never knew. TIM house he resided in was called thea ing-pface, in eaulue of freedoi
and wi h them for ever blotted from the annals of our country.desert, between Grand Cai whic ro and. Suez, so as to f litate hca ' laces Kentish Gazette. Park House, situated in a lonely part of Tattershall Park. In These witnessess unite in pronouncing ten hours to be quite land journey from Alexandria. If hi aci , tbre ,tion p
The Rev. Temple Frere, M.A., Rector of the parish churches the year 1816 it was forcibly entered and plundered by two vii. s exertions are a" - do,s,egu the means the
the utmost extent of tolerable occupation ; and with one voice seconded at home by the Governmentandthe 1 --- M.
of Roydon and burston, and one of his 'Majesty's Justices of lairs with their faces blacked, namedißobert Francis and'Jarnes
declare that with thisllmltation even a very common education Company, much time cannot elapse before the desirable Ali - - sueag 1 ' the Peace for the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, has been Taylor. From his evidence at the age of 84 years, given at will be difficult of attainment. But, notwithstanding all this, •
accomplished,of ens Sir er y sou
appointed to the office of Chaplain to the Hon. the House Lincoln assizes, they were transported for seven years each. is
we meet with objectiontto this bill from every side." Bengal, occupying at most- 60 or 70 days, ~
Of Commons.—Nortvich East Anglian. He retained the use of his faculties to the last.•
•
t
,
