STATE OF I'4ApE.

..._ . z:.

•
[ . • TRADE of LkEns,,--The slackness in the denaandlotinanu-
, teetered woolens waikh eolited a fortlis.4ht azO still continues,
but there is no material ~.tnititition in the quantity of business'
done at the mills, Lovers seem to be holding off,)'Toni excess of
caution, tilt they le.aro the turn of the German wool fairs, rather
than from any actual decrease in the demand.
BRADFORD MiRKET.: Tbedemaud foi six-quarter meritins, oa
• Thursday, was very brisk, but leaser widths were. not so readily,.
sold. Yarns were in request fur immediate use, but the &nano-
facturei s bought sparingly, especially. as there was some slight
declension in the prieesof the interim-qualities of wool, uutwitti-
standing there were many spinners in the-market. •
• Halifax Market, on Saturday, was again a dull one ;•aral as
the manufacturers were very anxious to sell, lower priers were
in many cases submitted to.
Heckiriondwike Blanket Market continues steady, as regards
both demand and prices.
ROCHDALE,' Al Ale 3() —Our market has not been very brisk,
though on the whole, perhaps full as good as several previous
ones; but the manufacturers are obliged, in some instances, to
submit to a reduction. In Wools, the demand is limited; bOt it,
is expected that ere longthe manu fact ui ers will be in the market.
Broke andlsToils may be quoted a shade lOwer.
PONTEFRACT WOOL MA'R.KEI --At the market held on Satur-
day, there was a pretty good supply of wool, but buyers were not
eager, and although considerable business was transacted, lUwer
prices were submitted to.,
Sittitv WOOL MARIET, May3o,—ln pursuance of public ail-
vertisethent the first proposed annual wool market was .held to-
day in this town, and a numerous company of buyers attended.
The stock of wool offered for sale was not large, and all descrip-
tions met with a ready sale at fully Fl to Id per lb advance on
the prices cbtained at the York market on Thursday. The 'ad-
vantages afforded by this locality- as to its central situation, With
regard to growing districts, and also the facilities of ennveyqiice
to Leeds, Bradford, and other manufaCturing towns, will, we
doubt not, ensure to Selby a large and increasing Market fur the
Staple commodity of this district.
Woin. FAIR.—At this fair, which was head for the firer
time, on, Monday last, there was ad exceedingly nittherous and
highly' re.oeetahle company of buyers. The quantity Of. woolwds conside; able, and 2600 stones met with-ready sale atfdllDw-
lag prices—bog wool 23s to 25 ;, ewes do. 18s 10 19s-per st. It
seeinet(the prevailing opinion of the:principaibtityrs that if'the
day was altered to Friday, milking could prevent being
the chief Wool mart of this part of the cutiary; hooever thatls
not to be effected iii the presnia.se-asou.

GLEANINGS-PROM THE NEW
.YORK PAPERS.
• Scow TWO 'TEE' DEEP ifs 'Si A' !—A letter from•BerkArtVe
county, MaSSltchtseits, to the &inch. ..of the /3imtea .G,e,peitte4.
dated Thursday,.states that the shots is. now two feet deep- in
some-parts or that county, 'and tliat great sufferiug had been en-
dured by the cattle-for weutof provender.
TENNESSEE LOTTERIES.—The way they manage lotteries in
Tennessee is a caution. None your paper money, but sub-
stantial solid prizes of brick and tnin'hir ; oa omethiug equally
tangible and valuable. Thus among the pikes of ime of these
lotteries is : "one brick house, and one steam. ha it ; neg-ro
girl
Rebecca, and sorrel mare; bay colt by Pacific, and yellow girl
Matilda. The bay colt is valued at 34000, and ;he yellow girl
at 31,100."
COL. CeockEtT.—The following is an extract of a letter from
a gentleman in Louisiana, dated Aprit 12th. to a .niember of
Congress:—" Crockett was found (within the.Alamt) in an an-
gle made by two houses lying on his back, a frown on his brush,
a smile of scorn on his lips—his knife in his hand, a dead MeX,
ican lying across his body, and twenty-two more l)ing pall melt
before him in the angle."
MIND YOUR DOTS. —A Kentucky member of Congress wished
to write to his wife on al riving at Washington city, that he bad
" formed a eontlexion with a very agreeable Mess, and.expected
to spend the winter very pleasantly." Unfortunately and
greatly to the surprise and mortiticatien of tie good lady to
whom he was writing, he inadvertehtli dotted the e iu the wont
Mess.
• -
RICHARD M. AMONG THE WOMEN.—The 'crooked back,
monster seems a favourite hitt) the fair sex. A Miss Crainptott
is performing Richard 111. at the Cincinnati Theatre, and
Mrs. Lewis is enacting the same at the Tremont, Boston.
A cat fish story, rather tough. is goifu rounds of the
pers. It runs thus:—The Ifiidbliq (N. J.) Herald, tells us
that two boys lately caught in 'Woodbury (reek, near that place,
upwards of sixty bushels of cat fish
.in the short space of two
hours. The same paper adds :—" The creek is so foil of them,
that we have seen the crows picking them out, at low water, and
flyihg away with them by hundreds."
" What are you doing there .Solomon," said the master of at
broad-river boat, a few evenings since, as be bad made his cable
fart to a bee for the night, •‘ I'm only jist drivin a nail in the.
boat at the edge of the water, to see if the river will rise an
afore morning." y
DEsc RI PT I E.—A Boston paper, describing a complainant in
court who had been bunged in the eyes, remarks—"'his mace-
rated visage spoke for himself. „There was net a white spot as
big as a fourpence on it, he looked as it' he-had fallen head fore--:
most in a boiled. huckleberry pudding, and had permitted its
contents to dry on.",
ORTHOGRAPHY OF EDITOR S. —There is an aricilltural paper.
printed somewhere in ,Indiana, with the title "ot ft extern Plow
Boy. The Indiana Palladium recommends the editor to his
spelling-hook.
The New York Alreriiser, of th'e 6th May. has the following;
—Quite a Buzz in Wall-street, in consequence of the arrival of
the little showier. Racer,. burthen only torty-ti ve tons, Captain
Toogood, from Fai;nouth. Instead of saili)z on-the 18th March, she sailed on the sth April, bringing eight or nine days:
later; she conies' in ballast, and her consignee, say, brings no
news. That sp..small a vessel should be di44lo.chrhem:iiir
nothioy,- is not very probable. 'lt is said she :belongs to the great
bankers, Rothchilds, but what she• has ehme for. no one can
guess, Some.":gueLi" cotton has risen ot6rs, that it has
fallen
—some, that a war between Russia and England will take plate'
7-others again that she bras enure to appleuend some runaway.'
Stevenson. All, • liwever, is guesswork. -Neither sleeks nor,
produce have been affected by which any clue can be given to -
her errand.

- •
JOYCE I-lETH.--AMERICAN FEELING.

. „ .
The following description of the 'antiquated: aurae of George,
WaSnington, is given in the recent " narrative of " Cox 's .
Visit to America.
"Slavery presented itself to our view in One-ef the most ex-. traorditiary and offensive fotins of wh'ich it is -possible to-con-.•
ceive whilst we were in this city: The name of Washington.
the father of his country, is revered by every patriot of every
land. Our politicians, and even our print es4nd captains; may
have quarrelled before his surprising-genius. -but, his memory is
enshrined in the hearts of the wise and goOd ot.bofh hemis-'
pheres. We had visited the sanctuary of his home, wandered, ..amidst the decay of his • domain, and
paid our luimage to his '
worth before his unaspiring tomb. We ere saw, stid
the very woman who unrsed hisinfatiey ;h
and shehas 'kern the
chain and badg,e, of slavery from thatii-Our to the present tinU, "
Britons blushed for America, and were,oppressed with a thick-
ness of the very heart Co think that., .for • more titan a build, ed
years after the infant hero bud been pillo.wed in the bosom
of
this stranger, Joyce Heth should have team:Med a slate; 'Wer• were ready to ask, when we visited her, where are the sensi-
bilities of a people who can tolerate so gross an outrage upon
every soft and holy feeling,_ as to allow this living mummy, this' ,
breathing corpse, to be dragged through the country, exhibited • ;
to the idle gaze of strangers, and often exposed to the rude
offensive merriment of • thoughtless youth?, `Phis mysterious •
antiquity, whose age we found to be 16t) years, ought rather to r,
have been milled in silk, and nursed in her second infancy
with all the tenderness with which she watched over one of the
greatest of men. She .was stolen from Madagascar, and was
owned by the-father of Washington at the time of his birth. It
was evident that her person had been shamefully neglected,
since she had sunk into the helplessness of an alo.ost miraculous
old age. Her nails being suffered to grow till they bent, like
bird's claws and those of one clenched hand penetrated into hor.
very flesh. She was left in the extremest destitution, and would
have died in Kentucky had it not occurred to some keen „la
shrewd speculator, that something might yet be made by exhum_
Mg, as it were, this lit mg relic of a foi hoer age to exhwit at 4,
show ! During many months .he had been cenveyert flow place
to place as the last sands of lifeµ eve thus running out ; and more
had been gained than the suns for which Washington's father
sold her in 1727, when, as appears by the existing Copy of the
bill of sale she.wski 54 years or age."

•• - LAnYitartsEMENT.)
TO THI9I ADITOR OF THE 411/Atel OUL sr,rivr.unn.
paragraph published in vour journal of ?"riday last,
on the subject of an expedition to the %est coast • lielaud,hip
foethe purpose of recovernag a pail at least of the
rge of the s
Intrinsic, stranded last winter in 1(;lee 13. y )eiug in its main
statements altogether erroneous,, Ift el cal upon, for the s, ke. of doing justice to the actual parties engage in the undertaking,'
to state briefly the real facts and circuinstances--and which I.
ant enabled to do from personal, combined with official superin-
tend
ence, and therefore crave a space iu your columns for that •
,
ose
The arrangement* with Mr. Deane for going to the• spot and '4
applying his ingenious apparatus to the ob.,i'eets
,question.
were exclusively between that gentienian: and the directors
the Liverpool Marine A Skfreille Company,',the latter nuclei talc-
ing to be:solely accountable for all expeti4s 'whatever, 'if the
attempt did nut sin:teed. Seteral.patties edlom it.was.thong*
might feel interested in such an undo:rtaking,-indepen,lenilyof
hiving actual pecuniary (hter*:,t,i: were.ei,,ppciallY.nivited 'in •.operate ; and, salvage or no Salvage, tug Marine Assurance
Company are engaged to sustain
.I,tie.enjkre ,br.uut, iuilurliu
travelling expenses or their
..stirq.Cor, tog this` with a very in,
convenient loss of his home seriiigeS----lonff..Bic., A. ' •
N.B.—There was a spirited eXception of one house engaging
.•,
, .
for their quota of primary expenses.

. . ,
IMPORTANT TO LICENSE:O VICTCALLETiS.—In conseqUenee
of a number of publicans selliu ► beer at 3d per pot being con,
victed weekly at the Board of li,xei?., in penalties Varying from
£2OO to £lO, for adulterating their lie'er and Ole with sugar,
water, salt, chillies. Slianish-juice, boner. and other ingredients
not matt and hopes, whereby the 1...We1-W;(4 i 6 serionsoy injured,
and the public defrauded, their hintours the cointeissioners, un
Saturday, came to H resfoilitioll to punish all publicans selling-
beer who use capellaire, or upon %%hose premises raPellaire inaY.
be found, it being used by - a publicans It ,--••Cans for sweetening gin.
The penalty for having capellaire found in the house of the
publican selling beer is E2(X), but a spirit merchant wit selling
beer may use it with
-impunity for sweeft;ning giii.--,London
The General Assembly of the Cbtireli of
:Scotland, nova.
sitting, have, in -terms Of the reCominclidatiou of their-coni-.
mittee on the Pi est)) teria n Chu) riles it: Ellgiantl, under fate
"Line/ie.., (1$ it El unqh of the
ministry of their ordained licentiat,re.. unaiiiiiiously (i,,,i,it.dl
•
.
that they " distinct/y recoguise these 4
Church of Scutlaiiii.' .. . , .• - • ..'' •
ANECDOTE OF LATIMER.--ll.if 'elated of Latituer, that MA*.
.. ...
rid his sertuod - ..,'" • look I I .
plain straight forivArd text, a. 1 . , asstitieu those very.
be once preached tietore the tyitini, if enry Vll,l • he
He whold tiotlqttad 14t0Eattl tile IlUtilfiril r
sins for which the inonarch etas no ntion.s.; and L
--•,. he was mutt •
liC(:),;.:),,,,juda,sc,,claii:einiinarced:l;:iiiii.,,,(
ja.f:„.l.lo:lslice,,tih):r.etc.roni:lllli!ing,
courti
to the quick, for troth al waytOnd •ii kespOnse iti the worst ~g
, titan it
19510attmer anti said., ~, y TY 4‘ his,
,- - ay Whet] you
ur life
llugh L,tl'
to know the conseyieuce of Ibis, antiQ.:oB;eidet:l4.Bt:}ree:ll::sileZlVdoeuds.
The venerable matt took ,his lext, ,tio
ter a,lustise, begun with
a 'soliloquy, thus: "Now,
art iii the presence of thy earth! , imer, het hen k._ thee, thou
thy life is in his
hands and if Ilion dost 401.auit itytilli4sreh'''
bring down th,• grev in,its•iith tivz... .0 his laticies, he will
Latimer, bethink, hothink tin m--
to
!ge."v‘.;
"I'
ij
ugh_.
kii.); of kings and lord of 1 .e, thou art _n the piesence of the
them that kill-the hodV 'Tds, who bath told thee, ..Fear not
fear hint t hat can kill atahnlimilhel? ""
(1"
no wore; but rather
for ever'!' 1 • • y and soul, and cast thee into hell
Yea, say, iiii,th 1 atimer leaf I is." .
went on, and Unit • t 'Lm • ' ''
' .il .
He
then
biti if possible i y repented what be had behire advanced,
, enforced it ,with at t.,iitvtqpitliati,i-. IV,h
ebrisegbenee? 'Henrysent for •hit -amid -.'• '')..l W 45 the
insult th • - • •, . • P.'. .344 • ..11('.W iierst thou
y monarch so? ' 1 atini‘ •
, . c.,r iephed; !11, ..tiOulit,t,tl I weie
unfaithful to my God, it wouftl be-illipOssjfile,- • be
tp foal to guy
king," The king etubracect,the-gtiod-old., iiislik . .1 • • g;
'"And is there yet one man left who is bold- andell' ...'
a''ullu IC
ouest ettatig
to tell me the firth;"
