PUBLIC BUSINESS.

On the Speaker naming Mr. H. L. Bawer, whose motion re-
lative to Lord Durham's special mission to Russia, and papers
relating to the state of Germany, and the enslavement of -.Po-
land, stood first on the list of notices,
Lord ALTIIOIIP rose and said, he should venture to suggest
to hon. members having notices of motions on the order-book
the propriety
.of postponing them, with a view to allow the im-
portant question of colonial slavery to conic on. (Hear.) He
took that opportunity of observing, that the business at present
before the house was so multifarious and important; that. with
all the diligence and despatch that could be used it was hardly
possible -that the session should not be continued till a late pe-
riod—so late as to be inconvenient not only to members—that
was a secondary consideration—but to the public (hear) ; for
he did not think it expedient that business of great public con-
sequene:...- should be despatched at a late period of the year,
when there must necessarily be a thin attendhnce of members.
( Hear.) He felt great difficulty in making any suggestion; he
would rather appeal to the feelings of gentlemen, who, if they
looked at the notice4iook, must see that it was scarcely possible
for any matter which was now for the first tune introduced tube
brought to a conclusion in the present session. The only effect
of bringing forward measures now would be that a day would
be lost in debating the propriety of introducing them. A no•
tice of motion to make NVeduesday an order-day (in addition to
the days already so devoted) stood on the book in the name of
the hon. member for Liverpool ; and the hon, membor for Ips-
wich proposed to carry the plan further, and make more than
three days order-days. Certainly that could not have been done
in the beginning of the session. He repeated that he felt re-
luctant to otter any direct suggestion to the house, but he threw
out for its consideration the expediency and necessity of allow-
ing orders to take precedence of motions on more days than
were at present fixed for that purpose, with a view to dispose of
the important business already before it. (Hear, hear.)
Mr. H. L. BULWER expressed his readiness to give way to
the noble lord.
Mr. R. WALLACE moved for leave to bring in a bill for im-
proving the forms of process, shortening the delays, and lessen-
ing the expenses of litigation in the Court of Session in Scot-
laud; also, for regulating the forms of pi ocedure, and diminish
ing the expenses in appeals from the said court to the House of
Peers; and also in appeals in civil causes at the circuit courts
in Scotland.

The Loan ADVOCATE said that if he thought that this bill was
to be pressed through the present session, he could not allow it
to be introduced without a discUssion, and without some
expla-
nation with regard to it, the more eSpecially. as a royal commis-
sion had been already appointed to inquire into the subject.
As, however, he understood that the object of the honourable
member was only to have the bill printed, for the present he
(the Lord Advocate) would not oppose its introduction.
Mr. EwAnT, after a few words, moved that the orders of the
day take precedence of notices of motions on Wednesdays,
during the present session.
Mr. WA SON was inclined to add, as an amendment, not only
Wednesday, but another day in the week. (Cries of " No, no.")
His object was to have the real business of the house trans-
acted.
Lord ALTHORP said that he did not object to the motion of
the honourable gentleman. He wished, however, to be under-
stood as taking it with the condition that the orders of the day
on Wednesday should take precedence only according to

• istels
their position in the order-book. It was true that nn°,itc,l
were generally absent on Wednesds, as e usually
together on that day, but he could asslre thethhonourable
dim
her for Middlesex that, though they-Sonet at dinner, theother
ness which was transacted was quite as iaportant as any
they had to discharge. (A laugh.) While the house is"!.,ad
ting it was extremely necessary that sonic time should beoL.'.,o
for the members of the government to meet together to ii!rs,
various important matters, and ceitainlime mode of dOll I,t
011
al,
had hitherto been found in ministers dining together
day. With respect to the proposition of the honourable n'etbe
tier for Ipswich, to make another order day in the week for.
nis
purpose of getting through with business, he certainly o'haj
rather trust to the readiness of he bers wh°
notices that stood in the way of bronourabl inging on important busio,k,
in giving way, than have another order--day made in the we'
The motion was then put, and carried. o That i°
Sir F. VINCENT moved the following resolution :
all cases where a select committee appointed to try the nu:h-i,
of an election for any
theity or borough, report to tut
house that they have altered poll, by adding or striking.%,
the names of any voters on such poll, air. Speaker shall Ise't.k,
his directions thereupon to the clerk of the peace town e„ ot
or other officer as the case may be, with whom regtel'eud
such county, city, or borough is deposited, to alter and a 1.
such register, by striking out the names of such voters as 1;vo
been struck off -the poll, and by adding such names as TO•
been added to the poll by such select committee." The too
baronet said that he moved this resolution as an awl-1(1110f
g iv
the 16th clause of the Reform Bill, and for the purpose °
ing effect to what was undoubtedly the object of that bill.
Mr. kliviaT seconded the motion. h t tbe
Lord ALTHORI; said that it certainly was desirable t.'3,,,02.
register should be amended according to the decision of of the
mittee of that house. Such had been the intention °:tie
framers of the Reform Bill. He had no objection tla`o.,:sit
matter should he now decided by the house, but lie lia,u;r
doubts that this resolution would effect the object witio
in view.

After a few words from Mr. Wynn, the resolution
and carried. 16th
Sir F. VINCENT gave notice, that on Wednesday, tb?„iitee
inst., he would move for the appointment of a select
to inquire into the conduct of the benchers of the into of
upon the application of persons to be called to the bar.
On the. motion of Lord Althorp, the older of the 0)
then read, and the house went into committee on
" COLONIAL SLAVERY.
The committee pioceeded• with the further consideratioltbe
the 4th resolution—" That, towards the compensation °,t.s
West Indian proprietor; his Majesty be enabled to gi,arlo"
sum not exceeding £20,000,000, to be appropriated as
went may hereafter think fit." he Sr
Mr. ROBINSON begged to congratulate the house, in t
- • • - • - - .11011

instance, in having carried the principle that slavery shug,"ect°f
abolished in our colonies. He was confident that the e%bol,
its abolition there would be remotely, if not very.soon, true jai
ton of slavery also in the United States, and in 001640 c
where it at present existed. With regard to the que'
compensation, which was the only one they had now to ocr''
der, he would say, certainly, that, taking into account the
lice which would be made by the West: India body, soil tho
would be undoubtedly due to them from the people ,t 10
country. He (Mr. Robinson) for one, would never obi° bat
bear his fair proportion, as an individual, of this burdes;ol
he feared that when the enthusiasm of the people of I; f/45'
on this subject subsided they would entertain different fe,eollol,
when the Chancellor of the _Exchequer would be obliged t 0
800,000 or £1,000,000 per annum in the shape of adult. 10
taxes for the purpose of carrying this measure into etre'
yet they had not had time to have the opinion of the Pe°Poeu'
pressed with regard to the amount of compensation Pl°Kbeis6
For his own part, he must rotest against this revenue tsee
raised by a tax upon consumable commodities. He did °ear,
why this money should be raised by an additional duty eti sale;
an article of such general use that it had almost becoine;ool,
cessary of life. The result would be that the burden I:es
principally fall upon the productive and industrious elas!-tiol,
this country, who were already suffering from over-taxi
and who would be ill able to bear it.
er3.
Lord ALTHOUP did not rise to speak to the question ge n
„jot!
on this occasion, but he was anxious to take the first opPf",,,
to make a few observations in reply to what had fallen ire,,l 'op
t
hon. member for 'Worcester. The hon. member was ri,l
saying that they were not now called upon to decide ju fief.
way this sum was to be raised—that was to be decided herqd be
If, however, the house should decide that a. grant sh°,!, that
made, they would be bound in some way or other- to male
dll
granegood. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member said that ge°„'
the opinion of the people of England had not been e11',7,1:31
ou this particular part of the question. Now, that opini°- ),11,
been strongly expressed in the numerous petitions whirl
been presented to the house, in which the people state 501:1
readiness to grant any sum of money that might be neee,
fed
'
to carry such a measure into effect. (Hear, hear.) tri
confident that the people of this country, seeing the sac 00
which would be occasioned by the carrying of this measure,ool
effect, would not object to the granting such au amount elisc3!'
pensation as that which was now proposed. It should be
ji
recollected by the house that this money would be grante!,
only would be paid when this measure was actually carrie!', or
effect. (Hear, hear.) They did not propose to grant triiiol
ney to the West Indian body, and then to leave it to the into
Indian legislatures to carry the provisions of this measure,-600
effect: the money was not only to be granted on the con
°t
that the measure would be carried into effect, but it was Apar'
be paid until after that condition had been fultillFd. (aios
hear.) He should not enter further into the general
at present, as no doubt he would be frequently called ugue°l,,te,
address the committee upon it during the course of the ,be
but he had thought it necessary at once to apply himself,r for
had done, to the observations of the honourable maw'
Worcester.
les°

Mr. C. BULLER said that the question involved in the nog
resolution was one that peculiarly affected the people el, teef
land, and that it was the duty of their representatives Los, a'
that not a single undue farthing should be given in vtaltl
compensation. His Majesty's ministers proposed il
the amount of compensation, but the right hoe.
.gernlL,fli;
might just as well have asked £100,000,000. Indeed, uvig,llo
not know but that, during the course of the evening,..thASY
hon. gentlernan might ask for 1.:5;000,000, or for ,
more. (A laugh.) The noble lord (the Chancellor °coil;
Exchequer) appeared to have no hesitation in this instal) fora
granting the public money to any amount. The nohiet, fat
seemed-ready at once to apply a neVer-failing antid° lase'
silencing complaints, byputting his hand into the publie,V,,
0
In fact, it appeared to him that the noble lord, proceed'i?O'
the principles on which he did, might as well at once ,P36tia
not only the interest, but the principal of this sum, by aloe'
the malt duty and the house and window tax for the
years. (A laugh.) He had, in the course of this discii;ise
been astonished not a little at the manner in which his 3'
ty's ministers, and other members of that house, spoke °ef didt'
readiness with which this burden would be borne by the
of England. Ile did not imagine that such sentiments," or
be repeated upou any hustings. He had been especial 4, lot
prised at the sentiments exp_ressed by the hon. mealboos;
Middlesex on that point. What was to become of thtbteti
when the shepherd's dog thus deserted his duts,? (Lati6 site.
He did not mean to say that the hon. member had desa
his duty, but he certainly was astonished to hear him ea
.bleb
I:20,0%0W a paltry sum, and speak of the readiness with
the people of England would pay it. The hon. melobue,r bad
spoken with greater levity of those £20,000,000 than m-beae,'
often spoken of a sum of £2O iu that house; for whateveridia.',
;
ficial rights they by this measure took from the West a ;'"
proprietors,
.they were undoubtedly bound in honour Oertj,
p6licy to pay them., The argument that this was not pr,",fai!
which had been used by the learned member for Htd"nalari
perfectly absurd one. Whatever was sanctioned by the tisso:f
cipal law was property—tire property in slaves was save ere
by the municipal law in the 'West India islands; and, h°oori,r,
objectionable such property might be, the West India Pt°'
tors were entitled to get compensation for the loss of
approved of the plan for a gradual emancipation of the_ ilia,
population in the British colonies, and was of opiniali,itio.!
partial compensation should accompany it, but the pror:e
of the right hon. gentleman the Secretary for the Cotoule,',3l)sc
full compensation to the planters, whilst it only effected t",,,ia'"
tial emancipation of the slaves. The hon. gentleman contetiee:
that from calculations which lead been made, making a di'4
tion between the effective and the non-effective slaves,. 'a iliac 4
manifest that the average value was £`2`2 each slave, ait'aisa'i
f.:12,000,000 was sufficient compensation, on these
to the colonists. He, therefore, entirely-disapproved of the 3,;osiij
of compensation proposed by the right hon. gentleman opt
(Mr. Stanley), and he thought the right hon. gentleinailtio)e'
made abargain with the West India proprietors about four
as bad as that body could themselves have wished. f tifs
Mr. PRYMEsaid, that though he approved generally 1)°,-
plan introduced to the consideration of the legislature 'of Po
Majesty's government, vet he could not acquiesce in son)°l3f t
details. He thought that the compensation, amount'Sicre
£20,000,000, proposed to be given to the planters was c°11,001.0
ably more than the market.value of the property in slave'," beit
British colonies; lie used thcsword property because it hal'id et,
adopted generally in the course of these discussions,
ba
from any acquiescence in the expression on his part. s„tia,
should be glad to know from what source this conipelii. t3SI
was to come; the cry of the country was for a remission °I
tie's, and against the imposition of new imposts. Instea,E to
is
of any increase, if possible a diminution of taxation iniq'tive'i
effected, and he should particularly deprecate any attulti .1o;
the duties now chargeable upon colonial sugars, an
increased consumption even amongst the labouring "rice
with whom it even new was limited by the increased l'
the commodity, arising from present taxation.
110? ti
Lord SANDON objected to any proposition for tinstli ce
immediately the property of anybody of individuals.on
definite terms as the prospect of compensation at so gre,
tauce of time as had been suggested. It' £17,500,000 we'T by 010
dered too little to cover the amount of the lojs sustailiee t
planters, then' he shimld say, in common justice, that tnelo1?,1
ought to be increased to £20,000,04), or to any other at'o,,o;i,
which would fairly remunerate them. For himself he oic,;n,
say,.in opposition to what had been advanced by an hon.
her, that i:25,0(5i,000 would be no more than the plaeteir
entitled to in the way of compensation. The exports ,tali,
produce of the West 'lndia Islands averaged £.lo,ojPs.,,"evet,,
uualiy; from this it was proposed to take away 1:2,500,tns
year, or the feurili part of the slaves' labour. \s/ slat woraoli
consequence ? To supply the loss occasioned by this asuie
iron goverinnent proposed to grant the planters a iol'ot
i.:20,W0,(XX), by whiCii exchange it was evident the 1)_ col;
ie
would uitiinately lose X 1,500,000 annually. Such a
not. to be sustained by them, when it appeared that `rate • h
agreed as to the point cf awarding them a fair and adeq, o'l'4
muneration. The noble lord Cone.uded by expressiugye 4
tie
that the working of the present plan of emancipation 1114,
be retarded by unwarranted opposition. (Throug,h.,l,4
whole of his speech the noble lord was, so indistinctly tic,'`
,
consequence of his speaking below the gallery, that onfot
disjointed sentences of his speech could be properlyunau
(
in the gallery.)
r elio
• Mr. STANLEY said that it had been the misfortune 0' rtics
it
rent to be subject to the attacks of two extreme P.3.stille,a,
bringing forward the present ineasme. In its' earliest r'fe
had islet the hostility of that deseriptOn of persons
i'tit
fessed extraordinary zeal for the aboiit%n of slavery,
backward in fixing any definite period for its terminatio,LA t,PO'
were friends to liberty in the abstract, but he was afral „el)
the slaves had depenued on their exertions for their ent-11V,
Lion, they would have experienced but little advantage: at
now met the opposition of a clas's of persons adopting 't vic,!es
style of reasoning, though. professing to take a differenst olsl)tiy
the question. These latter individuals had not the le,„.e
lion to compeusatiou in the abstract, though the): • 0'
enough to find objections to any particular apt-W.o'l-I.'oo' o°lr
only question to be considered was how th could ticsc. to
emancipation with honesty audgood faith to all the Paloset,cia
cerned. It had been at first the intention of GoVernof
bring forward two separate measeres on the subject ter t to
emancipation, the one containing a proposition for Ll,titio,,Ylrr
nation of slavery, the other for the grant of a conalfil, pp;
the planters. They were deterred from pursuing ti,n hoes di
the tear that one of the bills might miscarry in th
though the other were adopteu. By following t'l-the
course, it was evident a great object was attained; wlieitir
packet which conveyed the intelligence to the Wvst, te'tai!
kends of the determination of the /louse of Cononon!cole.e
nate slavery also conveyed the intelligence that that,_'_
not to be brought about without a dt:e reference to tn_'.,ibst
and just demands of the planters. Tile lon.

JUNE 14, 1833.

hinted, that if the people of England had- from the beginning
been aware of the demand that was to be made upon them,
that language of a very different kind would have been held in
all the petitions which had been presented to the house. on the
subject of the abolition of slavery. He (Mr. Stanley) would
.not do the English people the *injustice to believe so. He
would never believe that any trifling pecuniary consideration
would divert them from following out a principle they conceived
desirable from the feeling of religion, morality, and justice. From
a thorough conviction ot this, the legislature were bound to place
thequestion upon a practical basis, and,setting aside all theoretical
and fanciful proj ects,to follow it out to a real and substantial effect.
And if the addition of £2,00(),000, £3,000,000, or even i:5,000,000
to the sum originally proposed would have the effect of render-
ing the final settlement of the question easier, he felt satisfied
the house would agree with him that the additional amount
would nut be unprofitably- bestowed. A timely concession of
that sort might, he firmly believed be the means of saving more
money in the end, and further,, if he mistook not, might pre-
vent what was more to be deplored than the loss of a little
money,—the effusion of blood. Were these considerations not
legitimate objects for the attention of a government? Was
the conciliation of a hostile body who would have power and
influence sufficient to baffle the operation of any Parliamentary
enactment directed against them—was this, he asked, an object
beneath the notice of government? It had been asked, would
the originally designed loan of £15,000,00) have been repaid.
He answered " Yes," trot indeed by the planter, but by the
:negre. 'With reference to this country the supply would be in
the nature of a loan, but to the planter it would really, be a
grant. When the government were accused of not having
made precisely accurate calculations upon this subject, he
:begged the house to recollect the extreme difference of opinion
;which prevailed with respect to the value of the slaves; for
.instance, the hon. member for Liskeard estimated them at
only . tow,(0), whilst the first claim made by the West
• Indian interest was for no less a sum than £11,000,000. (hear.)
With ail posssible desire to be saving of the public money, lie
must say that this was not a ease in which to indulge parsimoni-
ous economy. If a majority should he found to defeat the
proposition before the committee, they would not only commit
an act of injustice to the West Indian proprietors, but run the
risk of defeating the whole plan, and, he believed, that before
many years passed over they would learn, by fatal and bloody
experience, that they had consulted a false and pitiful economy
in reducing the proposed grant. (Hear, hear.)
Mr. F. .BLXTON observed- that the right hon. secretary had
stated last night that no part of the sum proposed to be voted to
the West India proprietors should be given to them until they
had completed the whole of the arrangements proposed by go-
vernment. Ile wished to know whether the right hon. gentle-
man meant that the money was not to be paid until the appren-
ticeships expired. (" Oh!") Ile was prepared to expect such
an answer as that. His object was to shorten the period of the
apprenticeships, and he thought he had hit upon a mode by
which, at no distant day, even the planter would be brought to
acknowledge that the negro mind was in a condition to enjoy
the blessing of unrestricted freedom. He would propose that
the following words be added to the resolution :—" hat one-
half of the said grant shall not be paid until the period of
apprenticeships shall be expired, and the negroes consequently
put in possession of all the rights and privileges which are en-
Joyed by other classes of his Majesty's subjects in the colonies."
( Wear, hear.) The adoption of that amendment would be no
violation of the proposition before the house, and it would give
Parliament great influence over the West India proprietors.
It was iu the power of the planters to accelerate or retard the
advance of the negro's mind, and he had no doubt that they
would accelerate it rapidly if the house should adopt the amend-
ment.

Mr. WASON next addressed the house amidst much noise.
Be said that if he were not heard he would adjourn the debate.
(Griians.) The hon. member continued to speak for some time,
but the interruptions were so loud and frequent as to render
hint completely inaudible. At the conclusion he was under-
stood to say that his objections were rather to the machinery
than to the principle of the measure.
Lord ALTHORP could easily imagine how those who ag•reed
with the hon. member for Weymouth, that the negro should be
at once entirely emancipated, without any probationary period
of preparation, might, in consistency, vote for that hon. mem-
•ber's amendment ; but for the very same reason could not see
on what ground the advocates—the large majority of that house
--of a probationary period could justify his voting for that
amendment. (Hear, hear.) The house .had sanctioned the
principle of a probationary period, as essential to the welfare
of the slave himself in a state of freedom; it was therefore
hound to provide that the period of probation be sufficiently
While
to ensure the requisite fitness. (Hear, hear, hear.)
While the probationary. period would guard the colonies and the
negro himself against the danger, the bloodshed and strifes con-
sequent upon a sudden change from galling slavery to unre-
stricted fredom, this compensation would, he repeated, ensure
them the cordial co-operation of the colonial legislatures, and
surely such an end was worth the apparent sacrifice. It were
indeed to be lamented that they should have proceeded so far in
their noble career, and then stop short on a mere question of
compensation,—that they should have passed a solemn resolution
declaring that slavery should be at an end in the British colonies,
and then deprive the executive of the means of following up that
resolution to a practical conclusion. ( Hear.) The amendment
of the hon. member would produce this prejudicial'effect. He
therefore need not say that he should consider it as one of the
most fatal the house could adopt, confident that the country
'would ratify the vote of compensation, as it would ensure them
the cordial co-operation of the local legislatures to early its
•own beneficent views into actual operation. (Hear.)
Lord Flowicx, in supporting the amendment of his hon.
friend (Mr. buxton), Aid not thereby mean to negative the
Principle of compensation. Neither. did he mean to formally
resist its actual amount,—though he was satisfied it was much
higher than was necessary, or than the West India interest
could have been brought to accede to,—as •he agreed with his
noble friend as to the desirableness of having the cordial aid of
the local legislatures in carrying their views into effect.
Mr. PEASE, amid cries of " Question" and the usual symp-
toms of impatience, contended that the West India interest had
'440 to make out a case of compensation to anything like the
amount of the present vote. Besides, it would not be, the party
which that vote would after all benefit, .as the money would
'find its way altogether into the pockets of mortgagees, without
'illy direct advant e thereby accruing•to•the colonies.
Mr: BARING, who was also much interrupted by groans,
laughter coo king and other midnight symphonies was
then twelve o'cl.ick) said that he could not permit himself to
give a silent vote When £20,000,000 of the public money was about
t.O he voted away with ten times more haste, and, as time indecent
iiiterraptions of honourable members would indicate, with ten
litnes less discussion and . consideration than if it were some
pery salary or testaestiae of 1:3,000 or £4,000. As a repre-
sentative of the people ked how was this euormous sum of
money to be distributed ? and where was it to be procured—
now was it to be raised ? 'Why was any remuneration to be
given to the planters ?—of coarse, because their returns were to
experience a diminution. • But the diminution of their returns
would-also be accompanied with Ond of the revenue of the
.°l.lfitry. This resolution, therelore; went to pledge the house
f) what they had. not the power to fulfil. All the establish-
'.'citts of the country had been paled down to the lowest ebb,
and at p.resent there were no means left of providing against
guy diimnution of revenue. This resolution also was an admis-
tion
!•on that compensation was necessary. (Loud cries of " Ques-
fr,lit • ) If honourable gentlemen continued thus for
this mode
hours, it would not prevent him from contending against
s mode of voting away the property of the country. On the
art of the government he had no hesitation in saying that the
f "se had no information either where this money was to come
mjam or how it was to be distributed; and he could not consent
et ;20,000,000 were thus to be left at the disposal of govern-
ea nt. The voting of such a sum proved that there must be a
que'stl!ce of property by the planters, but there was another
try . 1011 behind—that of a sacrifice by the people of this coun-
and in that point of view he could not consent to vote
-‘,"'„:Y this sum, although it might be the means of satisfying the
st India gentlemen. He thought the experiment might have
been tried upon the smaller islands, leaving out the Mauritius and
t aka ; and although the Secretary for the colonies might by
mealls make his peace with the West India delegates, he
the r: Baring) had nothing to do with them, but must look to
ipterest of the.great body of his coustituents and of the
'Tierf England.
ti.._kft Mr. Stanley and Mr. Briscoe had addressed the House,
,:4:_gallery was cleared, and three divisions took place: the first
-:•"" 11r. F. Buxton's amendment; when the numbers were :
For the original resolution 277
For the amendment ll2
The
Majority..
j House havinm again resolved into a committee,
s. --ord. A
vriloao moved as a resolution, "That the commis-
;i7pnre_rs for the reduction of the national debt be authorized to
the rula,riate such portion of the money issued. to them towards
perejelausuction of the national debt as they may think fit for the
Purchase of the reversion of perpetual and redeemable annul-
'was t,, The noble lord stated that- the object of the resolution
tenni' enable the commissioners to convert interminable into
his
(pliable annuities, that being the only practicable mode, in
deht,'"i". of effectually reducing the amount of the national
beiThe resolution was agreed to, and the other orders of the day
o.crelWlsoosed of, the house adjourned at a quarter past two

LOXDON GAZETTE.-TUESDAY,'
JUNE 11.

3ohn t . 114NKRUPTOY SUPERSEA)D.
1411-hrokear.thew otherwise John IN lawns, Lambeth-road,

BANKRUPTS.
-Matthew L I
•
,n _ ewtas, Laverpool.
and Mr. Frod-
,hain
r..itooms, Liverporil. So icito.r ,
,
_ai.nter; J7Btimr.eT2,-,:d.,...rTen,1y 23, at the Cla-
Gregory, and
tn.., Liverpool ; and Messrs. Adlington,
...Lon.
(Too rge 'Barlow, Stepney-green, iron-merchant.
. ~,a:',otaviis Gidley, Cateaton-street, button-maker.
,j,( i b thlynes, Mitcham, carpenter.
j):.Ph Stammers, Jermvn-street, bt. James's,
_cabinet-maker.
(,i, , lab, Morey, Nantwiai Cheshire corn_ • 1
dra,l4ge Harvey Betts, Langport Eastover,thSaomere•rsetshire, linen-
i
•
3,, PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
liii., . Jac and M. Hall, Liverpool,
n• and W. Pattie,
carriers.—B. I 1).4? 1-.lverpool, Common brewers.—R. Fhompsoaers-I.il:N
Intl 'P ',',l,leY, Bishopsgate. without, cabinct-m
=local, and V 4.
and R. M.
'•varn, To" 11", Bideford, hatters.— C. C.
ti,,,, • . ley-street Borough, hop-merchaGntrse.e—u.S.,
M Bird and
,p, l‘ladd,,x_stree't, Han„,„...square, bit-makers .I.
Stokes and L.
amTli, Church-street, St. Saviour's, carpenteßri").okl
anßdaßvßel.l
;-5t.1,,, . INgger. Northampton, iron-founders.---B.
W .1.3 . Strand, surgeons.—J. Ward and E. Edwards,. Iklu.liol,ainkets.t—er
J.
aonsul'abe/fi,ici and W. Ashforth, Birmingham,
lioie n"• Ft and
Manchester, tobacconists'.
and tn.d. W. Taylor, Manchester, millers.—E. Hinc ~,_.
Shaw
and l,lirst Greave, Yorkshire, woollen-manufacturerstw_.oiie
back
—irsl.,
arid C'„raylor, Dewsbury, Yorkshire, iron-masters. L—w 11
.4. p. ,
~"oNley, Barking, tssex, mast-makers.—T., P. ov..egrov„.e.anjd
C•re,-, '""v(lfove, Shoreditch, wine-merchants. -G. Bacchus, N-,
G in• J. ureen ad J 0' B h s —J. Pons, J. W. Smith. and
••• It. Sm'tli. ' ' J.
a . aine -tui,',l o far as regards J. Pons.
`•-•14 ,sMellor ‘,11,1: M. la,me
Mile-en—roa,.. si......yers. st..
„thon..spinners•—
Nar,:rr.roissien and W. Oldham Laneasnire. --.
,i
coffin.
- • La' ton, Church-lane. Whitechapc ,
1113-5 w r.,_ DIVIDENDS.
---.1,,,,, 1, ~, Tillman and T. Fairclough, Liverpool, timbere-mbuericlhaearnt—s.
Rule's-. 1, 1. Spencevaviea-street, Berkeley-3(1,11r S. s,„„p_
~,.. .tot. Brown, Wat rd, Hertfordshire, grocer.-July 3}, ! 4 14'110: ek Exchange artholomew-lane, broker.—Ju) . iTou•
gAh:
Iltidi. en, late of Fimbury-circus. merchant.-July 3, T. p
W.
l'lx• '4l°ll-(PIaY, Ybrkshire corn factor —July 5, Westlake,
KrtioUtb, and J. Westlake, 'Ronise-y, •tailors.—July 2, J. Sergeant,
• Ila,:n IY)ss Lincolnshire, maltstC•r.--July 5, T. Rossetter, Ronyq Z,
fc,rd,l',4hir, miller.--uly 1 S Crewe and E. Crewe, Burslem, St.lif-
1, nirp, innkeepers —J 1 ' 27'
1,.. • Yorkshir u 'S.
Mull" and •id slaw Edge
thio c e, COcmmon-brewers.—July 3, D. Nie ,
k)14„,
,rotriptort, Lancashire cotton s inner --JillY
.• Sadler, late of Oxford, ' . - P •
grocers. J.
CETIFICATES JULY 2. IG, H. Sadler
NI. ' utherland, Liverpool o ersmith —W M Jones Mole, Flint-
lkt
RP,riPS i ningtalottpercej.
vitaxr 7;',Lieldri:muirri ham,on * iron-founder_—A.
—J.
__Millhigen, Wells-street,
Wells,
.ok„"3--road, wbolesaie jeweller.-eiler.g—S.Smith, Witney, Oxfordshire,
• ''olds.:"4lrer:-W. Sell, St. MartiWa-lane, booksellW. B. Rey-
ktNe, Birmingham, draper—J. Spivey, King-street, Great Hermitage-
', Provision-agent -
-
......................„....
• kee,i')ll!,?,nT YE.T.—The Green Isle has not yet lost its brightest,
twaiii. pie has indeed put his name on the Inns of Court to
.tleß,, Y hiin for the English bar; but ould Ireland need not
.I,44e:liiir.
The English bar won't have him. The Benehers are
th 'nous for his rejection, should he try the experiment. As
Wh4l nosed Woo and spat upon Hunt, so will they use Dan
t 5 t.' Ili., t
the ~' urn comes. Go where he will, he never can be called
lz,nglish Las- that's pla.
Ik

TO CORRESPONDENTS.

An extraordinary pressure of matter compels us to lav aside,
for the present, several valuable letters from esteemed.corres-
pondents.

Libtrpool

FRIDAY MORNENTC, JUNE 14, 1833.

We have no foreign news of any importance, owing,
perhaps, to the late tempestuous weather. The accounts
from Calcutta inform us that a dividend upon the debts
of the house of MACINTOSH and Co. of Gs. Bd. in the
pound, was expected to be paid before the Ist May.
In consequence of the financial measures of the go-
vernment the funds have already begun to decline.
Three per cent. consols closed on Wednesday at 90, but
it would not surprise us to see them nearer SO before
another month. Mr. HUME'S motion for the repeal of
the house tax comes on to-night, and a call of the mem-
bers is expected.

The motion relative to the Liverpool Election, and the
wretched evidence given before a Parliamentary Com-
mittee, has again been postponed. The alleged reason
is the serious illness of Mr. BENETT j but be this illness
real or otherwise, it is obvious enough, from what fell
from Lord ALTHORP, that the motion could not have
been brought forward on Tuesday last. The noble Lord
complained that members were in the habit of intro-
ducing frivolous matters to the serious interruption of
the important public business. This would have been a
hint fur Mr. BEXETT bad he been present. At any rate
the honourable member for Wiltshire has abandoned his
motion altogether, and his mantle has fallen upon—
whom do you think, courteous reader• ?. Old COBBETT ?
No. Mr. JOHN GULLY ? No. Captain BAYNTUN ?
No, no ; but on Mr. Mark Phillips of Manchester ! !
MARK is a bold man, and has given notice for next Tues-
day. It is a farce altogether; Lord ALTHORP knows
that it is, and even Lord JOHN RUSSELL is ashamed of
it. What will the good people of this town think of
being placed in the Reform Mill of a MancheSter states-
man; to be stripped and billy-rollered ? This will never do.

We are most reluctantly compelled to advert to a sub-
ject which we noticed in our last with great pain. We
allude to the illegal and unwarrantable combinations
which have recently been entered into by the operatives
of certain trades in Liverpool, Manchester, and many of
the large towns in Lancashire and Yorkshire. The evil
has reached so alarming a height, and is calculated to
produce such calamitous results, that we deem it a duty,
for the sake of the deluded victims, and even the mis-
chievous persons who delude them, to bring the matter
before the public in a more detailed shape. We have
already stated that for some time past the walls of Liver-
pool have been covered with placards of an obnoxious
and illegal tendency, and we had authority for stating
that the principles asserted in these placards were se-
cretly connived at by certain members of the revolution-
ary party. Our first statement has been confirmed, inas-
much as we learn that a few persons moving in a circle
above that of the workmen have countenanced and even
acted upon their arbitrary and dictatorial plans. We are
happy at the same time to state, that few, if any, of the
ill-used and calumniated burgesses of Liverpool are
members of these abominable and unlawful associations.

The general tenor of the first placard, which was
issued by the masons, was
.to the effect that the system
of wholesale contracting was injurious to the rights of
trade; that it brought the ancient trade of masonry into
disrepute, and that the wholesale contractors put into
their pockets the profits of a trade to which they had no
right.. •
This seemed very plausible—it attracted some atten-
tion—and many persons thought it a common circum-
stance, and then forgot it. But in a few weeks, one of
more swelling importance from the operative bricklayers
made its appearance, couched in terms of apparent res-
pect in the beginning for the and their masters,
but letting drop various hints of their power, extent, and
importance, •and declaring that they were resolved no
Linger to 'work for any one who did not strictly confine
himself to his own, branch. Then came a furious docu-
ment from the united plasterers, threatening all who
dared to disobey their mandates, declaring that only so
many apprentices should be employed by any master or
set of masters, fulminating bulls of excommunication,
and boldly stating that their laws (!) were like the laws of
the Medes and . Persians, which altered' not. This was
somewhat startling, especially when the united painters
issued their manifesto, which still graces the walls, some-
what improved in style, and with sentiments less violent
than the plasterers.
We were much struck with the singular succession of
placards, and were led to make inquiry respecting them.
'Will the public—will his MAJEsTY's Government believe
that there has been for some months a systematic organi-
zation of the operatives, not only in this, but in every
other large town in Lancashire and Yorkshire ? That
every workman in the building department is connected
with them, and is sworn upon the sacred scriptures to
obey the commands of the club of which lie is
.a member
That hundreds of industrious and respectable mechanics,
under the influence of fear, or from some mysterious
cause, have been compelled to join these illegal societies,
and obliged to subscribe to their funds ? That meetings
are nightly held in secret conclave ? That all confi-
dence is at an end between masters and their work-
men, and that demands have been made by the clubs of
so infamous and arbitrary a nature, that nearly all the
works in Liverpool and many in Manchester are at
present suspended! Yet such is the fact. To such an
extent has this disreputable system been carried, that
under cover of a desire to put an end to wholesale con-
tracting, the private contracts between masters and their
employers have been demanded to be sent to the club-
rooms; and when a starving stranger has been employed
who was not in the club, the whole have struck until he
has been discharged or joined the society ; buildings
have been abandoned ; the Lock Hospital was for some
time in abeyance; and in Manchester two masters are
placed under the ban of the clubs, and are to be suspended
from carrying on any business for six months, to punish
them for being refractory
We were at first disposed to supect that the masters
had attempted some reduction of wages ; but on inquire
we find that such is not the case—that the rate of
wages is, precisely as much as was paid during the time of
war, when wheat was a guinea a bush Pl. Is work so brisk
that men are in earnest request ? By no means. Num-
bers have been unemployed, and there is no doubt that
the weekly contribution to the club has been ill spared by
many an industrfOus and unwilling member. But it is
high time fur legislative interference; and if my Lord
MELBOURNE is not
.rouSed by the denijnstrations of
strength and audacity exhibited by 'the united societies
in this and all'the .other large towns in Lancashire and
Yorkshire, nothing but a downright revolution will
rouse him and his 'MAJESTY'S apathetic government. Is
it.to be borne that men are to be compelled, at the tisk
of their lives, or from a fear of ridicule, to join an illegal
society, whose principles they detest ? And are they to
swear upon the holy scriptures that they will become
parties to acts at which every thinking man must revolt ?
Impossible that such things can be tolerated, whilst there
is a vestige of government in existence.—But the evil
has a deeper root than is seen. It may be traced to the
noxious poison which has been infused into the minds
of men. Some unseen agents are at work fomenting
discord, and sowing the seeds of rebellion ; and if the
evil be not promptly met by a.corresponding movement
on the part of the executive, the bands of society will be
broken, and this country become the seat of anarchy,
spoliation, and confusion.

We would advise all those men who have unwillingly
joined these clubs, to quit them immediately, and those
who have not, to abstain from them with firm resolution.

We should be the last in the world to advocate the
suppression of clubs constituted fur the legitimate pur-
poses only of protecting trade ; but we must express our
abhorrence of those principles which, under such a spe-
cious cover, invade the just rights of another, and lay
restrictions upon masters which are unjust and detestable,
and which, like the shipwrights' society, some few years
ago, will lay an incubus upon the trade of to port, and
bring eventual misery upon the men themselves, -

We are glad to perceive that the labours of the factory
commission are drawing near a close, and that Lord AL-
THORP'S tourists and querists are about to be summoned
home to give an account of their travels. The ultra in-
quisitorial powers of the mountebanks employed on this
mission were, to say the least of them, revolting; so much
so, that a respect for common decency prevented us from
publishing them in the columns of the STANDARD ; but
besides their indecency they were useless, and had no
connection with the real merits of the case.

The object sought for by the millowners was to overset
the evidence collected with unwearied pains by Mr. SAD-
LER. Some of these respectable spinners, wise in the
affairs of Mammon, had recourse to an excellent expedi-
ent to satisfy the commissioners that the facts already
published could not be depended on. They invited these
gentlemen to sumptuous dinners; they regaled them
with hock, claret and champagne; they stuffed them
with ducks and pease, poultry and puddings ; and la-
boured to convince them that in a land abounding with
such luxuries, where the wine was ruby bright, and
capons fair and fat, there could be no maimed children,
no sickly brats with stomachs stuffed with fur, no dwarfs,
no girls with broken spines, no old women of nineteen
years of age, no kicking, no lacerating, no strapping, no
baly rollers.
Ingenious though the device was, we strongly suspect
that it will not succeed. The judge bousing with the
accused does not look well in a picture ; and evidence
collected in this way, even though it were reported by
an angel, and corrected by Lord ALTHORP himself, is
good for nothing, for this simple reason—it will not
be believed! The expense of the commission, therefore,
however it may benefit the tailors or the lawyers con-
cerned, is just so much money thrown away. It would
have been better to have given it to buy crutches for the
lame, or soup for the poor.

The political horizon is hourly becoming more murky,
and the struggle of the elements is coming nearer its
crisis. The leading ministerial journal has put forth a
manifesto for the removal of the Bishops from the House
of Lords. This important and demi-official document
runs in these words :
" We can assure our readers, one and all, that we are serious
iu our recommendation to remove the Bishops from the House
of Lords, and to make steady and useful diocesans of them,
instead of Ministerial fags-of-all-work in Parliament."

This appeared in the Times of Tuesday last, and we
not only give it credit for being serious, but we are also
inclined to believe that it speaks the serious sentiments
of some, if not the whole, of his Majesty's ministers.
Six or seven of the prelates voted in the Duke of
WELLINGTON'S majority of twelve against ministers on
the Portuguese question, and that we have no doubt is
deemed a good reason enough for telling them once more
to put their houses in order preparatory to the general
swamping of the right reverend Bench. Ministers, who
have it in their power to throw away twenty millions of
money belonging to the people, and forty or fifty mil-
lions more belonging to the planters and proprietors
of the West Indies—absolutely to annihilate this vast
amount of property, as if it were as valueless as one of
Lord JOHN RUSSELL'S plays,—ministers who can do this,
with the consent of the people, can have little difficulty
in excommunicating the Bishops, or if they think fit,
in shutting the doors of the House of Lords altogether.
Well, let us suppose it done—let us take for granted
that the spiritual peers are expelled, that coronets are
dispensed with, that the Duke of NORFOLK is converted
into plain Mr. JOHN HOWARD, and the Duke of WEL-
LINGTON reduced to Mr. ARTHUR WELLESLEY, of No. IG,
Piccadilly, how long pray will it be before the crown and
sceptre are seized for poor rates and melted into money?
The Bishops have as clear a right to their temporal
dignities and their legislative functions as the House
of Brunswick has to the throne; and if the former are
despoiled the latter must sooner or later meet the same
fate.

But what next? The Commons of course ivould be
untrammelled and omnipotent. Their bills would be
drawn, accepted, and indorsed by themselves, and pro-
perty of every kind would be the next object of attack.
Why should the Duke of BEDFORD levy a tax upon
every turnip and cabbage sold in Covent-garden market ?
Why should any man have more land than he is able to
cultivate with the aid of his sons and daughters? Then,
again, would it not be a nuisance to suffer so many
people to rush to the Bank every quarter day to- receive
their dividends?

Aye ! this last is the sore point. At present it is al-
most sacrilege to whisper a word of warning on the sub-
"
ject. If we were bold enough to hazard one, we know
that we should be told of the " honour," the credit,"
and the " good faith" of the country ; and it would be
fortunate if we were not bored or dinned to death with
an universal outcry of robbery and treason. But what
is honour ? It is a "word;" and what is deGt Y. An obliga-
tion to pay so long as we have the means. You cannot
extract milk from paving stones, any more than sun-
beams from cucumbers. All revolutions have a tendency
to make capital take to itself wings and fly away, to de-
stroy national credit, and exhaust the resources of- the
with
country. The revolution which is now progressing
such rapid strides will inevitably, if not checked, reduce
England to a state of embarrassment and poverty, in
which national honour, and national faith, and so forth,
will, ex necessitate rei, be words without meaning—fine
phrases, we adMit—vastly harmonious when jingling in
rhyme in a lady's album, but when relating to money in
the funds, nothing more than expressions full of sound
and fury signifying nothing. The revolution seriously
contemplated by the ministerial journal, which is to un-
seat the Bishops, degrade the Lords, plunder the Church,
and put the Crown in Chancery, will not be accom-
plished without producing all the evils above enumerated,
and ten thousand more than we have time to describe.
It would be a revolution in which the reckless, the worth-
less, and the beggar would be ranged on one side, and
the people of property on the other. It would be a war
against wealth—the beggar's and the swindler's cru-
sade—a sort of political burglary committed by the rab-
ble upon the savings of industry and the accumulations
of enterprise. That such a revolution is begun is as
clear as day, but it is equally clear that it is the duty
and interest of all those who have any thing to lose to
resist it to the uttermost—to buckle on their armour and
meet it at its early onset—to stand up manfully and fear-
lessly for the KING, his Crown and dignity, for the
rights and privileges of the Peers, spiritual as well as
temporal, and for the preservation of that happy institu-
tion of the three estates which has stood the assaults of
ages, and over which the banner of true liberty has
waved, the envy and admiration of the world !

The important question of the destruction, or other-
wise, of our colonial possessions has assumed, since our
last publication, a form much more definite, and we may
say. much less unsatisfactory, than it had a week ago.
It may not be amiss, from the constant variations that
have taken place pending the discussion of the subject,
both before and since its introduction into the House of
Commons, to bring together the five resolutions of Mr.
STANLEY, as they now stand confirmed by the votes of
the House ; the two last at an early hour on Wednesday

morning.

" First Resolution.—That it is the opinion of this Committee
that immediate and effectual measures be taken for the entire
abolition of slavery throughout the colonies, under such pro-
visions for regulating the condition of the negroes as may com-
bine their welfare with the interests of the proprietors."

"Second Resolution.—That it is expedient that all children
born after the passing of any act, or who shall be under the age
of six years at the tune of passing any act of Parliament for
this purpose, be declared free—subject, nevertheless, to such
temporary restrictions as may be deemed necessary for their
support and maintenance."
" Third Resolution.—That all persons now slaves be entitled
to be registered as apprenticed labourers, and to acquire thereby
all the rights and privileges of freemen, subject to the restric-
tion of labouring under conditions, and for a time to be fixed
by Parliament for their present owners.

" Fourth Resolution.—That, towards the compensation of the
West India Proprietors, his Majesty be enabled to grant a
sum not exceeding E 20,000,000, to he appropriated as,Parlia-
ment may hereafter think fit. "

Fifth Resolution.—That his Majesty be enabled to defray
any such expense as he may incur in establishing an efficient
stipendiary magistracy in the colonies, and in aiding the local
legislatures in providing fur the religious an 4 moral education
of negro.population to be emancipated, on liberal and com-
prehensive principles."

These are the bases on which his "MAJESTY'S ministers
propose to.rest this momentous arrangement. We hay

THE LIVER. POOL STANDARD.
