LOCAL NEWS.

Mr. Baron Alderson and Mr. Justice Williams will open
the commission for the summer assizes, at Lancaster, on
Saturday, the 4th of August, and at Liverpool, on Thursday,
August 9.
The garter vacant by the death of the Duke of Leeds is to
be given to the Earl of Derby.

THE LATE Wlll. ROSCOE, Esu.—Chantrey has nearly
finished a fine statue of our illustrious townsman Roscoe.
The figure is seated, and the likeness admirable. It is to be
placed in the Town-hall.
A ball took place on Thursday evening last, at the Castle
Mona Hotel in the Isle of Man, which was most numerously
attended. Phillips's exhilarating band played some of the
most fashionable quadrilles during the evening, and the com-
pany did not separate until early dawn.

. -
BUSINESS OF THE POLICE COURT.—Yesterday, at the
Police court, 88 persons were brought before the magistrates,
charged with being chunk and disorderly; 50 charged with
felony, and 10 persons charged with assaults—in all 148
prisoners.
FIRE ALARIL—We would particularly direct the attention
of our readers to an advertisement in another column re-
specting this very useful invention, the simplicity of which,
conjoined with its general utility cannot fail to recommend it
to the notice and patronage of the public.

THE BRITISH QUEEN.—A very splendid portrait of this
noble vessel has just been finished, and is now exhibiting
(gratis) at Mr. Lacey's, Bold-street. It is from the easel of
Mr. S. Warlters of this town, an artist of considerable
ability, and who has made, as we believe is generally known.
marine subjects his especial study. It is a very clever
picture.

VESUVIUS—ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS.—This stupendous
work of art has proved, what is in theatrical parlance termed
" a hit"—and we are not surprised that many th iusands
should visit these beautiful Gardens, when so much attraction
is held out to them. The effects produced by the eruption
are wonderful in the extreme.

AN OLD SLY Fox COMMITTED.—We understand that a
man of the nun of James Sixsmith, of Wavertree, has
been committed to gaol by Peter Bourne, Esq., for felony.
This sly old fox has been long notorious for his depredations
upon the hen roosts in the neighbourhood of Wavertree, but
has hitherto contrived to elude detection. He has at length
been caught, despite his cunning, and as been sent to roost
for a season in Kirkdale.

PICTURES IN BOLD-STREET.--We understand that upwards
of 1,500 persons have visited the Exhibition of Paintings in
Bold-street during the past week, Several connoisseurs
state that the collection is one of the best that they have seen
for a considerable time. "The Guido," we are confidently
assured, is'an authentic and veritable production, and we see
no reason to doubt the assertion, as it bears about it all the
characteristics of that great master. We strongly recom-
mend an early visit to this display of art.

A HORSE KILLED ON THE RAILWAY.—OR Monday night,
a horse, that had trespassed on the Grand Junction Railway
at Winwick Quay, was overtaken by one of the Birmingham
trains. All the carriages, with the engine, went over the
animal, which was cut to pieces. No further damage was
done, and luckily the train was not thrown off the rails.
" BETTER TO BE BORN LUCKY THAN RICH."-011 Tues-
day afternoon, Hampson, a guard on the Birmingham line,
fell from off the roof of the last carriage of one of the Grand
Junction Company's train, when passing Eccles at full speed.
He escaped with a dislocated shoulder and a good shaking,
which did not prevent his proceeding home on the following
day. A few months ago, the same guard made a similar
descent, and rolling into a muddy ditch, received not the
slightest injury.
STEALING PLATE.—Thomas Boys was on Wednesday
brought before the magistrates at the Wairington police--
office, charged with stealing a silver spoon, the property of
Hugh Clare, Esq., of Sankey. On Tuesday, the prisoner
came to the prosecutor's house, and, after making some fri-
volous inquiries, took his departure; some short time after,
Sarah Smith, the servant, who had seen him at Mr. Clare's,
went on an errand to Warrington, and on the way she saw
eoattnfihdeh
at
ospuno
east' Id; ems oihtbet se
oedrwvhneiedsd ogittut
the prisoner
.engaged in a scuffle with another man. While
e
ce
as
s ft
uewlral'
Nss,
guilt. He
i eer prisoner
sas o)pporpne egdurtdooep ds fe,
committed for trial.

HIG HWAY ROBBERY.—On Saturday night, Joseph Ather-
ton, Joseph Orford, and James Dawson, together with a man
not in custody, attacked Richard Faulkner, a workman be-
longing to the Vulcan Foundry, on his way home from War-
rington market, and robbed him of his hat, silk handkerchief,
and-sixpence in money. O❑ Wednesday, they were brought
before the magistrates at 'Warrington, and having been fully
identified as the party who committed the robbery, by the
evidence of Joseph Chadwick, a hair-dresser, of Town's End,
his wife, and Woodcock, the constable, they were committed
to the assizes for trial.

THE THEATRE ROYAL.—Last evening a corps of English
vocalists commenced an engagement of ten nights, consisting
of Miss Shirreff, (who was so general a favourite when last
here) Mr. Wilson, Mr. Strettun, and Mr. Manners, from the
Theatre Royal, Covent Garden : and last evening. Auber's
Opera of " Fra Diovolo" was performed. This change from
Italian to native vocal talent, evincing the desire of the
manager to obtain every attraction, we do not doubt, will be
appreciated, and draw good houses. On Saturday evening
the legitimate drama was revived, and Shakspeare's "Mac-
beth" was performed, Mr. Stuart taking the part of Macbeth.
The house, we understood, was a very good one.
CAUTION TO MASTERS OF yESSELS.—Mr. Hall had a case
of collision brought before him yesterday, which took place
on the 24th ultimo, by the ship Angelique running foul of
the Irishman steam-packet. The latter vessel when under
weigh in the Rock Channel, and being a head of the Roscoe
packet-ship, had a signal given by that ship to take her in
tow, when in the act of doing so, the Angelique and Irishman
came in contact; it appeared from the evidence of the pilot
of the Angelique, who gave his testimony in a very exact and
candid manner, that there was sufficient time to keep the
ship on the same tack, when he suddenly put the ship about
and caused the collision, which Mr. Hall awarded was a mere
accident.—From a Correspondent.

"MERSEY CONSERVANCY."—On Wednesday evening the
boroughreeve and constables Met several of the committee,
appointed at a late public meeting, and other gentlemen at
the York Hotel, for the purpose of testifying to Mr. Barrett,
their honorary secretary, the high sense they entertain of
the services he rendered the town and neighbourhood, in op-
posing an attempt to interfere with the free use and naviga-
non of the river Mersey, when they presented him with
some valuable articles of plate bearing the following inscrip-
tion :—" Presented to James Barratt, Esquire, junior, their
honorary secretary, by the committee appointed at a public
meeting of the merchants and manufacturers of Manchester,
to defend the interests of the town from the encroachments
projected in a bill brought before parliament by the corpora-
tion of Liverpool. A.D. Ai occcxxxvit. A memorial of grati-
tude and respect."—Manchester Courier.

COUNTY OF DOWN AND LIVERPOOL STEAM BOAT COM-
PANY.—The usual half-Yearly meeting of the shareholders of
this company was held at their office in Downpatrick, on
Monday last. The report of the Directors was satisfactory
in the highest degree. In March last, the company was con-
siderably in debt, but that debt, we are happy to say, has
been gradually becoming less every week since, and, in a
short time, the Company expect to he altogether free from
debt. Several directors, whose term of office had expired,
were unanimously re-elected. The Victoria has been per-
manently placed on the Warrenpoint and Liverpool station;
she is to ply between these places twice, and between Liver-
pool and Lough Strangford once in a fortnight, making, in
all, three trips in the two weeks. We can assure those who
have money invested in the undertaking, that, if matters
proceed as they are doing, they. will obtain good interest for
their money, notwithstanding the fears that were entertained,
some time ago, for its success.—Downpatrick Recorder.
TRIBUTE OF RESPECT TO A CLERGYMAN.—On Friday
evening last, the congregation of the Mariner's Church,
Liverpool, presented their esteemed pastor, the Rev. Mr.
Maynard, with a very handsome silver tea and coffee service,
with the following kind and gratifying address, signed by
one hundred members :—Rev. Sir,—We, the undersigned
members of your congregation, having long entertained an
anxious desire to make known to you how much we value and
appreciate your faithful labours amongst us, in preaching
the truth as it is in Jesus, during the last six years, beg to
approach you this time, and to present to you this service of
plate, as a memorial of our united regard and esteem; at
the same time, assuring you of all our prayers and. best
wishes that both you, and your dear partner and offspring,
may long live in peace and happiness to enjoy the same.
And while we thus wish to shew our gratitude to you,
.Rev.
Sir, we desire to lift up our hearts in praise and thanksgiving
to our Heavenly Father, that he bath been pleased in his own
wise providence to cast your lot amongst us, and pray that
you may be long spared, to minister to us. With these feel-
logs, we beg to subscribe ourselves, your faithful and at-
tached hearers."

RISLEY CHAPEL.

(From a Correspondent.)

A solemn and affecting act of restitution was accomplished
at the Hamlet of Peasfurlong, in the parish of Winwick,
Lancashire, on Thursday last, by the surrender of the pos-
session of Risley Chapel, and the property attached to it,
about ten statute acres of arable land, a farm house and four
cottages, situated in the said parish, on the part or the Uni-
tarian trustees, into the hands of new trustees, professing
orthodox principles, consisting of the Rev. Dr. Ralph, and
the Rev. Mr. Park, of Liverpool, the Rev. Mr. Munro, of
Manchester, and certain laymen resident in these towns, all
of them members of the established Church of Scotland.
This arrangement originated with, and was conducted to its
termination at some expense and no small trouble by a very
few persons, some of high rank and some in humble life,
all of them members of the established Church of England.
The ex-trustees, with incredible contumacy, had refused to
show the title deeds; but when a bill was filed against them
by her Majesty's Attorney-General, in the Court of Chan-
cery, they could not answer it. The Unitarians had no more
right to the possession of Risley Chapel than of Westmin-
ster Abbey. We mention this for the encouragement of
others to follow the example that has been set them. It has
been often publicly asserted, and never contradicted, that
there are in England more than a hundred chapels, many of
them with rich endowments, which were, like Risley Chapel,
erected for the maintenance and diffusion of the doctrine of
the atonement, which chapels are now unjustly and unlaw-
fully held in possession by the Unitarians.
The trusteeship of Risley Chapel was unsolicited by the
parties who now hold it, but when it was offered to them
free of all debt and clear of every incumbrance, they could
not, from a sense of duty, decline it. They have accepted it
voluntarily, and we trust that they will act faithfully. As
soon as the legal forms were concluded the new trustees
repaired to Risley Chapel, and there one of the clergymen,
in accordance with the religious principles of its pious foun-
ders, offered up prayer, and praise, and thanksgiving to Al-
mighty God, through the mediation of our Lord Jesus
Christ, within those walls where for many a year His holy
name as the Saviour of the World had been suppressed, in
flagrant violation of a sacred trust.

THE IRISH TITHE BILL-INCREASE OF PRO-

TESTANTISM.

(From a Correspondent.)

If the debate of Monday night upon the Irish Tithe Bill,
in our reformed House of Commons, exhibited no one more
important feature than that of the miserable state of subser-
viency and vassalage in which the Cabinet of England is
now prostrated to the power of an Irish demagogue, it must
be entitled to deep, and we would hope creative, reflection.
It must appear strange to say, that the present government
have any pretension to honour, or honourable feeling; but,
nevertheless, such is the fact. Lord John Russell makes no
secret of his motive—his original postulate, we may call it—
in legislating for the temporalities of the Irish church. He
has avowed that his tithe bill is "a peace-offering"—in other
words, that it is a morsel of political food extended to a
hungry and impoverished nation, which the providor anti-
cipates may satisfy the cravings of the people for the present,
It is an ingenious fraud upon the credutity of a nation. THE
SWINDLERS or THE EMPIRE imagine that they can draw
upon the sanguine temperament of a naturally credulous
people for the requisite supply of a bankrupt hope. In truth,
this measure is nothing more nor less than a compromise
between principle and duty, in which the latter makes a bar-
gain of its integrity for the consistency of the former—a kind
of moral pawnbroking, in which the deposit of principle gets
a per-centage upon expediency.
If this be not the case, why else should we have the minis-
terialists, whether orally or scripturally, expressing the
" hope" that the present " tithe bill" may (" aye, there 's
the rub") prove satisfactory. Satisfactory to what party, we
would ask? For the Protestants of Ireland? That would
indeed be a bitter mockery ! Well, then, to the Popish sec-
tion of that country? Yes, there is the quarter from whence
the echo of the realisation of the "may" is expected to come.
Oh ! degradation upon an English Cabinet, which thus places
itself as the puppet of an Irish showman—all IMPOSTOR, who
is inferior to a travelling hurdygur'lyman, for he makes men-
dizancy wear the aspect of an honest calling, and converts
the credulity of his country into the staple commodity of his
individual aggrandisement.
People may doubt such a degradation of the official legis.
lators of the people of England; but what is the fact? We
have (and let the fact make its due impression on the minds
of Englishmen) the Home Secretary of England—the leader
of the British House of Commons—in his utter dependency
querulously admitting "that Mr. O'Connell will not guaran-
tee the present 'tithe bill' as a final or satisfactory settle-
ment" of the question. Can there be anything more truly
distressing or irritating than this ? What! are the legiilative
functions of a British Minister to acknowledge the will of an
Irish demagogue to be their Lord Paramount? We repeat
the question in another form: can there not be laws enacted
for a section of the empire, without a positive reference to the
governor of its mob? Or we should rather say—can nothing
pass current through the Excise office of an English Govern-
ment, without the permit of the NATIONAL COLLECTOR—MR.
O'CONNELL ?
The answer to these questions lies in the declarations of
the very men who are responsible for the consequences of
their peculiar mode of legislation. They glory in their na-
tional, as well as individual abasement. They are not con-
tent to wear the evidences of their bondage, unless they rattle
the links, so that those who have not eyes to see, may have
ears to learn the misery of their slavery.
But it would be well if the mischief of the measure ended
here. The axe of political power, which the ministers are
at present wielding, is striking deeper at the root of the tree
of Protestant ascendancy than can be generally supposed.
In the many and multiplied discussions which have taken
place, as well upon the leading and operative cause, as upon
the subsequent details and deductions of "the bill," there
has been one great and fundamental truth and principle left
out of consideration altogether, viz., the growth, and spread,
and eventual security and triumph of Protestantism in Ire-
land, In all the clauses, provisions, and amendments of the
measure, there is no reference to, or ever, recognition of this
principle—this primary and moral ground or motive of action.
The present Ministry aie legislating for the Protestant
Church as if its connection with the State was to be station-
ary, not progressive. As it would appear, they shut the
" toll-gate" of Ascendancy to every one who does not wear a
Popish signet in his hat.
The measure of the Ministry is a pound-shilling-and-acre
consideration. We would weigh them all in the scales of
principle. But even if we were to meet them on. their own
grounds, what is the superstructure of conjecture we can
erect therefrom? We defy the boldest of the advocates of
Popery to give satisfactory proof " that the present income
of the Protestant clergy of Ireland" is even EQUAL to the
demands, wants, wishes, and necessities of such a body. Let
us analyse the measure. The average income from 1,422
parishes does not exceed £250 per annum. In one half of
such incumbencies there is both a necessity for the provision
and services of a curate. There is then to be considered the
amount of population. This may be calculated in the ratio
of 600 to each parish. _ WE MEAN PROTESTANTS.

Well, here 'is the fact we would wish to lay before our
readers ! The average income deducible from these 1,422
parishes, as referable to the incumbent, is about one hundred
and twenty-five per year. Now what is the taxation pro-
posed to be levied upon such an income by the present " tithe
bill ?" will classify them for the benefit of our readers.
Tax tdlPclesiasticar Commissioner
Allotvance to landlords, reduced by Mr. Shaw

from 30 to 23 per cent
25

Curate on average

Poor-rates and revision 5 Of
thus in truth making a per-centage of tO per cent., not upon
the tangible, hut upon the available income of the Protestant
clergy of Ireland. And why is such a sacrifice made? It is
nothing more nor less than a sacrifice offered to the landed
interest, as an equivalent for the security as well as facility
of a "rent-charge." We defy contradiction to the fact we
are about to state. It is this—that the present amount of
tithe, even if collected, is only one-tenth of the rentage, or
one-sixtieth of the produce, of the country. Thus, instead
of being ONE-TENTH, which the collection of tithes originally
was and is still asserted to be, it is one-fifth in the pockets
of the landlord.

We leave these important facts to the consideration of our
Protestant readers, and we promise them that we shall return
to the subject again.
