SCRAPS FROM THE AMERICAN PAPERS.

' (New York papers from the 10th toithelOtk August.)
THE WEATHER.—Queer dog days these. Instead of a hot,
sultry, and oppressive atmosphere, with the mercury up to 95 or
100; we have had a cold, bracing air for the last six days, ren-
dering woollen clothes and a good fire necessary to keep us
comfortable. • -

We learn from a gentleman who has just returned from an
excursion into New Hampshire and Maine, that he found an
abundance of snow on the White Hills a week agd last Tuesday ;
and on Wednesday last he perceived the traces of frost upon the
vines east.of us.. Surely these are queer dog days.,—;Raverhill
( Mass.) Banner.
Rea utxu, PA.,. Aug. 5, I&3s.—The crops of wheat, rye, and
oats have been garnered in good order in Barks County, and are
about a fair average crop ;'the oats an unusually heayy one. The
corn now looks well generally, although the worms have been
destructive in some places. Altogether the farMers have been
much better repaid for their labour than could have reasonably
been anticipated in May last. •
ANTI-SLAVERY.—Last Lord's day evening Dr. Skinner, the
newly appointed governor of Liberia, gave another address at
the Aaptlst. Meeting-house in Brooklyn, New York, and at the
close a few gentlemen of various denominations tarried, and
made up the suns of 250 dollars, in order that the only remaining
slave depot within the territorial limits of the colosty might be.
broken up, by purchasiog the soil from the Bassa tribe, of the
place canted Little Besse, about twenty-five miles from Basea
Cove ; and when purchaied by the governor, it is to be called
Bgooklyn. Dr. Skinner says that, when this is done, the slave
trader will pack up and be off, as one did lately at Port Cresson.
when that was obtained. This is the kind ul,anti-slavery that
we like • it goes directly to the root of the evil, and is nrit a zeal
that is all suspended in ink and words; and it is such as certain
folks -.called colonizationists are . somewhat familiar with.—
American Baptist.
THOMPSON AT NEWBUAYPORT:—The friends of this locomo-
tive knave recently applied to the committee of a respectable,
congregation in gewbnryport for liberty to arse their church for
the delivery of a lecture on abolition and ania!garu..fion by that
felon foreiguer, whereupon the proprietors of the building met
and voted almost unanimously that it should not be desecrated
by any such vile use of it. Massachusetts has no public building
fit for the occupancy of this vagabond but her state. prison at
Charlestown.
AVIZItY AND ACOLITION.—We learn from the Lowell Journal
that the abolitionists have succeeded in securing the services of
the " ReVerend Ephraim K. Aary," and that he has resumed
the clerical functions fur the purpose of disseminating the bean-
tiful tenets of that sect. He is a champiim worthy of the cause,
and the cause is worthy of him. A'inisre appropriate alliance
could hardly have been imagined.
New ORLEANS, July 23.—The prospect of the next crop of
sugar is not at all flattering, since 50 days the rain has not
ceased to fall, and the Weeds and grass have so much gained
upon the.can.ea.a.s to check the vegetation : they are short and
small for this seasan of the yens, and a stiaill crop" is' Certain.
RIOT AT NEWITURGH:—Eight personi, seven of Whom are
Roman catholics, were committed to the gaol in this village on
Tuesday last, charged with being concerned in a riot at _New-
burgh on Sunday afternoon. They will probabl be tried at the
court of sessions to .be held at Newburgh in September; the
eighth. we understand, is an American, who has been tried be-
fore a justice, arid sentenced to thirty days' imprisonment in the
county gaol.—Goshen Democrat.
HORHIBLE.—A correspondent of the Richmond Whig, under
date of Warrenton, N.C., July 28th, gives the following par-
ticulars of a shocking contest that recently took place in that
obscure village. It seems that some time since .Charles P.
Green, Esq., editor of the Boycitown (Va.) Erpusitor, published
under the editorial head of his paper, a violeut attack upon Juhn
Bragg, Esq., then a visitor to West Point. He shortly after,
white an his way to Shocco Springs, had occasion to iiSit 'War-
renton, and while there, ascertained that John Braggi with his
brother Thomas, were extremely anxious for an opportunity to,
attack him, and he therefore remained in Warrenton longer
than he at first designed, in order to show that " he was not
afraid." The correspondent proceeds—At length he stepped
into a store to purchase some articles, when Thomas Bragg en-
tered-one door and James another, simultaneously. John Bragg
immediately, with a hasty pace, armed with a. heavy bludgeon,
advanced on Green, and without uttering a word, struck him
several heavy blows which floored him. Green received more
strokes than he Would have done, by attempting to draw a pis-
tol, which, unfortunately, when drawn and levelled at Bragg's
body, was, by a stroke from his weapon and a catch by Thomas
Bragg, turned, and the ball entered the body of Robert Somer-
ville, a remarkably clever and high-minded young gentleman,
who was hen est ly endeavouring to separate them. Bragg quickly
renewed his assault with his heavy cane, while his brother
Thomas attempted to seize Green, who then drew his dirk, and
fought with the desperation of a wounded tiger. He cut 'rhos.
Bragg's lip nearly off, and gave him a deep wound in the arm,
while John Bragg fell like a cut down..chicken—Green's dirk
-having entered his neck and passed through his windpipe. Here
the fight terminated, when Green, all bloody and frantic with
rage,- his dirk reeking with gore, and two cocked pistols, which
he before had not time to bring into play, leaped out of doors,
swore he was a real nullifier, and that if the two younger Braggs,
who were in the rear, wished to take a hand, he would defend
himself with the same success he had against the elder two.
Green had no friend near, who took part, and none who sought
to shield him from the very brutal and assassin-like assault
made, but young Somerville. The ball struck Somerville on
one of his ribs, and turned round his body—which, by the skill
of Dr. P. C. Pope, was extracted, and he is likely to recover.
John Bragg is expected to die. Last -night Dr. Plunket held
his hand to the wound eight hours, which saved him from bleed-
ing to death immediately....
ANOTHER,—We learn from the Norfolk papers that at Prin-
cese Anne Court House, on Tuesday last, a quarrel arose between
Mr. Joshua James and John Butt, two citizens belon'iiig to
that part of the county, which ended in blows, and during the
scuffle James drew a knife and stabbed Butt in the site. The
wound is said to be severe, but not mortal.' James Was taken
before the court, which was then in session, and committed to
gaol.
AND ANOTHER.—On the same day on which the above occur-
rence took place, a still greater outrage was committed three
miles from the Court House, at the dwelling of a Mrs. Butt, the
mother of the young man who was stabbed by James. Ariether
of her sons, named Edward. Butt., having it is said, drank too
freely, became quite furious, and committed a number of extra-
vagancies, to the great terror and annoyance of his aged mother
nod his sister Elizabeth, threatening at times to shoot the whole
family; and finally closed the scene of his maniac antics by seiz-
ing a gun and putting his threat into execution upon his sister,
whom he brutally fired at, and wounded so dangerously that her
life is despaired of.—Philadilphia Enquirer.
MORE HORRORS.—The sfolk Beacon of Monday says :
We learn, by the arrival of the steamboat Kentucky, last even-
ing from Richmond, that Robinson, the Englishman, mentioned
in the Beacon of Saturday, as being in the vicinity of Lynchburg,
was taken about 15 miles from that town, and hanged on the spot.
A layman in Pi ovidence, who occasionally exhorted at evening
meetings, thus expressed his belief in the existence of a-deity :
"Brethren,—l am just as confident that there is a supreme
being as I am that there is flour iu Alexandria; and that I know
for a certainty, as I yesterday received from there a lot of 300
barrels fresh, superfine, which I will sell as low as any man for
cash."

REV. MR. THOAIPSGsIi AT LYNN, AND CONSEQUENT RIOT.--'
On Wednesday evening last the immediate abolitionists held an
agitation meeting in the First Methodist Meeting house, at
Lynn. Rev. George Thompson, "of England, and David Lee
Child, of Boston, were the chief.speakers. We leard froni the
Lynn Chronicle that, sionie threats about tar and feathers had
induced the inhabitants to fear a riot, but none happened, al-
though while Mr. 'F. was addressing the audience a missile from
without came through the window, -shattering a single pane of
glass, at which about half of the audience, consisting chiefly of
women, started on their feet, and showed disposition to retreat,
but upon being assured by Mr. T., who said he was used to such
things, that there was no danger to be apprehended, they became
seated. Mr. Child held up the stone to the audience, and said
he should take it, with many other choice tokens, to England, to
which country he has been deputed. On Thursday evening Mr.
Thompson, agreeably to appointment, continued .the discussion
in the same place. There was a large assembly (mostly females,
as usual) in the house, and a still larger one, of men, without.
There was a continuing hallooing and noise; about the middle of
the lecture the cry of " Fire!" and presently the ringing of the
bell at the other end of the common, created much confusion
and affright for a few moments—some persons fainted. After
the alarm had subsided in some degree, the cry of " Fire was
again heard, but the audience kept their seate. The crowd and
noise outside increasing, Mr. T. closed his harangue. The whole
cougregation then rose and sung the doxology, and the meeting
was closed by'prayer. The mob, exasperated by the expressions
of defiance used by Mr. T. in his discourse, closed round the
doors and steps of the house, so as effectually to prevent the
egress of the audience. Presently there was a rush at the doors
by the mob, who threatened Mr. T., but by the prompt exertions
of those within, the doors were closed. Rotten eggs were
thrown, and a missile came near hitting Mt. T.'s head. The
sheriff arrived at the scene, and with difficulty cleared a passage
way for the women to come out of the house. A person was
escorted out under the protection of some dozen ladies ; but
owing to the confuk on it was impossible to tell who it was, or
what became of the lecturer. The sheriff "in the name," &c.,
ordered the.people to disoerse,,but they would do no such thing.
They continued to rally in groups in front of the meeting house
till near ten o'clock, when the sheriff respectfully requested all
peaceable and good citizens to retire to their several bodies, and
they began gradually to drop off, so that by eleven o'clock all
was still.

ARCTIC LAND EXPEDITION-RETURN OF CAP.
TAIN BACK.

The New York Journcj;7&;;;;ce, of August 17, contains
the following extract from the Montreal Gazette:—
Captain Back, accompanied by William Malley, one of the
volunteers from the Royal Artillery, who left this city with him
in 1833, returned to Lachine on 'Thursday last, in excellent
health and spirits.
During the first winter the expedition had to endure great
privations and sufferings, owing to the scarcity of food, and the
severity of the weather. On the 25th of April, Veing exactly
one year after he had left. Lachine, and during a veyy heavy
snowstorm, the despatch communicating Captain Ross's safe
return was-delivered to Captain Back. Ihe primary object for
which the-journey was undertaken being thus happily fulfilled
by other agents, Captain Back made preparations for complying
with the secondary part of his instructions—the examination of
the coast between Point Turnagain and Ross's Pillar. Several
boats were with the utmost activity built during the winter, but
in spring, finding that they had an insufficient supply of provi-
sions, they could only take one with them. It was not until the
month of July. 1831, that the expedition got to open water on
the Thlew-ee-chudezeth, or Great Fish River. Captain Back,
we believe, succeeded in determining that this river runs to the
northward, and if we understand the purport of scanty informa-
tion which has reached us, it has its source in a height of land,
about 150 to 200 miles fiorn Fort Reliance; the winter establish=
ment of the expedition, at the eastern extremity of Great Slave
Lake. Captain Back is the first European who has visited
Great Fish River, and examined its course to 'the Polar Seas.
Its very existence was doubted by many geographers. It is
said to he large but dangerous of navigation—greatly impeded
by ice, and having little but mounds of sand
.aloug its banks.
,tt heir prospectus
It falls into the-Polar Sea, at a point, as far as we can learn,
t hat coincide.and the Arcticvery
near
o mt omtiht
tee
e placein L
London in,
nd oit by Captain
Back
already. referred to.
Farther than this, we only know that the party of intrepid
travellers had to encounter every obstacle to which polar navi-
:gation is liable, and we are led 'to believe that immense masses
of- fee, .accompanied, by uncommonly severe weather, finally
arrested their progress.
How far the labours of the expedition will increase our know-
ledge of the line of coast; we are unable to say ; but from what
has been stated above it is obvious that a new route has been
opened to the Polar Sea, and that the large blank which formerly
struck the eye, on surveying the map, will now in a great mea-
sure be filled up, Captain Back will, we believe, have much
interesting information to communicate respecting his observa-
tions on the Aurora, the changes on the needle as be drew
northward, &c. The extreme cold experienced, we learn, was
70dg. below zero.
The expedition returned to. Tort Reliance, which place Capt.
Back left on the 20th March, 1835, and travelled on sit ow-shoes
to Fort Chipewyan. From this station he departed on 28th
May, and arrived at Lachine, as already mentioned, on the bth
August.
