'THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

LIVER THEATRE, CHURCH-STREET.

CELESTA'?

In c;nsequence of the brilliant success of this distinguished
lady, and the disappointment of thousands in procuring places
during the past week, the Proprietors have much pleasure in
stating, that they have prevailed on Al. CELESTb to extend
her engagement for
FOUR NIGHTS ONLY,
being positively her Last Appearance this Season.

In the course of the Evening,
The Norniande Dance
The Cachucha Dance (-By CELESTE.
The Pirate Dance

•
VHS present TUESDAY, theth instant, will be pre,
sented the Grand Nautical Me -Draniatic Romance of
THE WIZARD SKIFF!
• On, THE DUMB PIRATE Boy.
Alexa,—a Greek Girl M. CELESTE !
Alexis,-the Pirate Boy - M CELESTE ! !
Ag,ata,—a Wandering; Gipsy M. CELESTE ! ! !
In the First Act M. CELESTE will dance her celebrated

G R EE 0 iIIA ! -
To which will be added, the popular Interlude, called. c
THE TWO LOUISAS.
Mrs. Garnet Mrs. Raymond.
Miss Louisa Penfold Miss F. Graham.
To conclude with
ST. MARY'S EVE!
A STORY OF THE SOLWAY.
Madeline (the Jacobite's Sister) M. CELESTE.

ROYAL AMPHITHEATRE,
GREAT CHARLOTTE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Second night of the New Drama VOLSH A, or the SLAVE
QUEEN.

The Manager is happy in announcingto the Public his having
purchased the right of acting the above named incomparable
drama, which has created a greater sensation in London than
any piece, since the production of the Jewess, having been per-
forming nearly 200 nights.

PaTifikoutiNißy SCENIC EFFECTS!!
ITIHIS present TUESDAY EVENING/I3th February,
• IB3S, will be performed for the Second tithe out of Loudon,
a Drama of powerful interest, called -
VOLS HA ; or, the SLAVE UEEN,
In which Mr. Ryan's entire Stud and ompany will appear.
The last scene will represent the planade on the Roof of
the Citadel, and entrance to the Hi Tower of Prague, with a
Bird's Eye View of the City by Jonlight; Procession fiom
the Dungeon. and Immolation of olsha ;an effect never before
witnessed in Liverpool.
UNPARALLELED SCENES OF THE CIRCLE.
The whole to conclude with the Melo Drama of the
RED INDIAN ;
OR, THIS SAll,Olt AND HIS DOG,
In which Mr. Thornhill's surprising Newfoundland Dog
Hector, will appear.
Ott MONDAY EVENING next, I9th February, for the
Benefit of Mr. BATES, Proprietor, when will be produced a
succession of Spleedid Novelties never surpassed.
BRILLIANT SCENES 01."I'HE ARENA. -
A new and Gorgeous Entree, called
ENGLAND'S QUEEN.
THE INFANT ACTORS, and the CHIARINI FAMILY.
To Conclude with a Burletta of Interest.
Particulars in future advertisements.
Prices of admission—Dress Boxes, 3s. ; Pit. 25.; Lower
Gallery, Is.; Upper Gallery, 6d. Children, half price, from
the commencement, to the Boxes and Pit only. Second Price
at Half-past Eight o'clock : Boxes, Is. 6d. ; Pit, Is.; Galleries,
6d.—Box Office open every day from Eleven till Three o'clock,
when Mr. HAIR will be in attendance. Doors open at Six
o'clock, and the Performance begins at half-past. Private
Boxes may be had nightly fur Parties, at '2ls. and 425.
Instructions in the Art Of Riding Given. Riding Master, Mr.
Gimlet/. Terms may be known on application at the Amphitheatre.
Proprietor, Mr. BATES.
Stage Manager, Mr. NEVILLE.

Under the Patronage of the Worshipful the Mayor, an the
Liverpool Festival Committee.
GRAND MISCELLANEOUS CONC '
AT THE'
THEATRE-ROL, LIVER
THIS PRESENT TUESDAY EVENING,'POOL
ze 13th instant.
114 R. G. HOLDEN respectfully anuoui es his intention of
111. giving a MISCELLANEOUS C CERT, on an ex-
tensive scale, comprising Selections fro the following Coin-
posers:—Mozart, Haydn, Beethoven, pohr, Rossini, Merca-
(tante, Bishop, &c. &c.
PRINCIPAL VOCAL P ORNIERS :
MRS. ALFRED HAW,
MISS BRU E,
MR. WALTON and MR. MACHIN,
Leader, MR. ALDRIDGE.
The Band, consisting of the first talent 'of the town, will be
full and efficient, and a select number of the Members of the
LIVERPOOL CHORAL SOCIETY, who have kindly offer-
ed their Services upon this occasion, will form a full and effi-
cient Chorus.

Conductor, Mr. G. HOLDEN.

Book of the Words, price Sixpence.
Places for the Boxes may be taken at the Boxoffice of the
Theatre-Royal, from Ten till Three o'clock. No places can
be secured unless Tickets are taken.
Boxes, 55.; Upper Boxes, ,Is.; Pit, 2s. fid.; Gallery, Is.
Doors to be opened at Seven, and the Performance to com-
mence at Half-past Seven o'clock precisely.
N.B —A Steam-boat wilt leave George's Pierhead, for
BIRKENHEAD, immediately after the Concert, for the con-
venience of the Residents in Cheshire.

T.l,be Eiberpcol g-tanbarb.

of the enterprise.
The Rev. Hugh M‘Neile has long been known for his
advocacy of the "moral and civil liberty of the Ruffian
Catholics," and also for insisting upon the" moral and
civil liberty of the slaves." The very enunciation of
these terms implies the strictest consistency. The slaves
have been deprived of that which belongs to them as
men—so have the Roman Catholics. Mr. M'Neile in-
sists upon the restitution of the tights of both. Is that
inconsistent ? The slaves are in a:state of moral and
intellectual degradation—the Roman Catholics ate in
the same condition. Mr. M'Neile wishes to elevate
both in the scale of social happiness. Is that inconsis-
tent ? Slavery, it is alleged, has made the negroes mi-
serable ; Popery has made the Roman Catholics far
more miserable. Mr. M'Neile wishes to retrieve both
from their misery. Is that inconsistent? The slaves
ate ignorant and superstitious; the Roman Catholics are
equally so. Would it not be inconsistent to seek to en-
lighten the one and let the other remain in darkness and
delusion ? In these observations we have taken it fur
granted that the cages of the slaves and the Roman
Catholics are parallel ; and so they are. The slaves
have their taskmasters; so have the Roman Catholics.
If the slaves are in dread of the lash, the Roman Catholics
are in dread of the thunders of excommunication. In-
deed, if :we look into the matter a little more closely, dve
shall find that the slavery of popery is of a more appalling
character than the slavery of the negroes. The task-
master of the latter assumes no control over their future
destinies; the maledictions of the priest consign the
victims of popish tyranny to everlasting perdition.
The Mercury insinuates that the Rev. Hugh M'Neile
is willing ", to act the liberal towards the colonial slaves
and the intolerant 'towards his catholic fellow-subjects."
It would have been more candid to have stated that be
acted the liberal towards, the slaves, and the intolerant
towards slavery; and that, for the very same reason, he
acted the liberal towards the deluded Roman Catholics,
and the intolerant towards Popery. The Mercury will
readily acknowledge that there is no impropriety what-
ever in " acting the intolerant towards slavery." In-
tolerance of evir in any shape can never be condemned.
We therefore maintain the perfect consistency of Mr.
M'Neile's intolerance of popery with his hatred of
slavery. Popery is one of the greatest evils which ever
afflicted mankind. An appeal to history and existing
• • In Limb,
to any man who is a candid and'sincere enquirer after
truth. Opposition to popery is therefore the bounden
duty of every one.

But does opposition to popery imply persecution ? By
no means. The opposition to slavery implies none.
We do not suppose that the Mercury, while it declaims
against slavery, wishes to have the slave owners perse-
cuted. Nor is Mr.•M'Neile, in his opposition to popery,
an advocate for persecution. He feels it to be his duly
to declaim from the pulpit and the platform against
popery ; but his object in doing so is one of unuungled
charity. It is to the advocates of popery that the charge
of illiberality is applicable. They would perpetuate the
bondage in which one fourth of her Majesty's subjects
are placed. It is the editor of the Mercury, and not the
Rev. Hugh M'Neile, that seeks to rivet the manacles on
the limbs of his fellow-subjects.
Popery is essentially opposed in principle to every
species of rational liberty. No such liberty exists in
countries which are exclusively popish. It is likewise
opposed to freedom of conscience and religious toleration.
Every man, therefore,' who interposes an obstacle in the
way of popish ascendancy confers a benefit upon his
fellow-subjects. To grant power to the popish priests is
to place in their hands a weapon for destroying our civil
and religious privileges. To withhold power from them
is the act of a true patriot.
" But," the Mercury will exclaim, " by seeking to
abrogate, the catholic emancipation act, Mr. M'Neile
shows that he is a persecutor of Roman catholics" No
such thing. Would any one call it an act of persecution
to snatch the fatal dagger from the hands of an assassin ?
We have thus touched upon the only points in the
article of the Mercury which seem to call for any remark.
The quotations from Boswell's Life of Johnson, Dr.
Franklin, Dr. Walcott, and the Earl of Durham's
speech, we pass by as undeserving of the slightest
notice, inasmuch as they do not touch upon the point at

RATING OF SMALL TENEMENTS.—We are glad to find
that the obnoxious act introduced into the Commons by
Sir Harry Verney has been cushioned for the present.
It is pot.atallimprcbable, after the very strong expres-
sions..of disapprobation with which the measure was
met by men of all parties in the house, that it will not be
brought forward again. That it will ever pass into a
law •we cannot believe, fts effects upon the poorer
class of householders was amply demonstrated by Mr.
Cooper,- at the last meeting of the Town Council. There
is, hoWever, another consideration, incidentally alluded
to by Sir Robert Peel, in the discussion which took place
on the subject, which, apart from any other, ought to
ensure the rejection of such an. arbitrary measure. It
is well known that, in rural districts, it is customary for
the.richer clas3 of landowners to erect cottages on their
estates, in which their labourers are permitted to live.
rent-free. 'We believe that the present Marquis of West-
minster has several hundreds of such cottages on his es-
tates. If such premises are assessed, and the landlords
compelled to pay the rates, it will either put an end to
such a laudable practice, or lead the landlords to impose
a rent upon the cottages.

While adverting to this subject, we are forcibly re-
minded of the narrow and exclusive policy of our Town
Council. Why did they refuse to give this subject their
consideration ? Did it riot affect the local interests of
the town in the highest degree? Had not Mr. Cooper
a precedent for its introduction ? Why was the question
of Negro Apprenticeship mooted in the Council ? The
truth is that the Council did not dare to commit them-
selves on this question. Acandid avowal of the opinions
of the majority might have led to certAin awkward ques-
tions at the next municipal election.

TO THE CONSERVATIVES, OF LIVERPOOL.—Once more
we fervently intreat the conservatives of Liverpool to
be on the alert, to frAt rate the schemes of Joshua Wa hos-
ley and the Tradesmen's Reform Association, in reference
to the management of onr parochial affairs. We have
reason to believe that the radicals are more diligent than
ever in making their arrangements for "carrying the
parish offices by storm," and we can assure our readers

of the negroes we believe there were very few, of any
note, who were not violently and consistently opposed
to Catholic emancipation. No one knows better than
the editor of the Mercury with what ineflitble contempt
the earlier political reformers of Liverpool looked upon
the fooleries of Popery. Nor can it escape the memo-
ries of the readers of the Mercury that this modern ad-
vocate of Popery, a very few years ago, indulged in lan-
guage strongly condemnatory of the Spanish Inquisi
tion—one of the most striking developements of the in-
tolerant genius of Popery.
Now, however, the Mercury may say, " 7'empoz a mu-
tantur, et nos mutamur in illis." The Papists have at-
tained considerable political power within the last few
years. The radicals have found that their attacks upon
the constitution of Great Britain have proved less suc-
cessful than they anticipated. They have therefore
formed a junction with the Papists. The Dissenters
have been foiled in their attempts to demolish the Esta-
blished Church. They have therefore entered into an
alliance, offensive and defensive, with the Papists; and
in order to secure the hearty co-operation of the latter,
it is deemed prudent to treat their errors with leniency.
The Papists must now be recognised as brethren, and
any " attack upon the religion" of these christian bre-
thren must be resented with becoming spirit. • Such is
the present degraded position of the once intolerant Dis-
senters, who were held in greater detestation by the Pa-
pists than even the Church of England was.
Under these circumstances, we are not surprised to
find that the Mercury is an apologist for Popery; but
we are certainly surprised that it should attempt to re-
concile its advocacy of Popery with its opposition to
slavery. It has, however, the temerity to venture upon,
such a task, and it is now our province to show the folly
