often miraculously delivered them for their 'devotion to the
Rosary.
As to diseases—

"The pain within and the pain without,
The stone, the dropsy and the gout,"

the Rosary is a penacea, each bead better than a whole bar-
rel-full of Morison's pills. Ex litultitudine exemplorum
confirmatur.
The Rosary will likewise discover the Devil when he puts
on the appearance of a courtezan, as is proved by divers ex-
amples. _ .

A poor wretch after having sold himself to the Devil, re-
hearses the Rosary ; whereupon the Virgin gets up the bond
with the blood-red signature erased.

St. Dominick, in Italy, meets with a famous robber; fails
in converting him, but gets his promise to repeat the Rosary
daily. The robber dies and is buried. Two years afterwards
Dominick passes that way, and hears him making his plaint
under the earth. The Virgin had not allowed him to die
without absolution : this he gets, and so ascends in gloriam,
&c., &c. _ _ _

Such, we say again, is fast becoming the standardliterature
of Ireland in the middle of the I9th century ; and no wonder
that it should. When millions of men abide the decision of
one weak-minded and tyrannical impostor on so vital a ques-
tion as whether their children are to be allowed to read at all,
it is little wonder that the reading they should themselves be
recommended to indulge in should be a fit study far fanatics,
and a proper pabulum fervorum.

THE THREE DROMIOS.
THE LORD LIEUTENANT-DUTY OF THE CONSERVATIVES

(From the Dublin Evening Mail.)
In 1835 Lord Mulgrave was appointed to the Lord Lieu-
tenancy of Ireland, and was succeeded in the goirernment of
Jamaica by Sir Lionel Smith. Whether both these statesmen
studied in the same school ; or that the latter was the pupil
of the former; or, finally, whether both, equally ignorant of
all principles of government and indifferent as to the admi-
nistration of any, acted under the instructions from superior
authority which .were common to both, it were now difficult
to ascertain and needless to inquire; for, from whatever
cause arising, their measures are. identical ; and what con-
temporary history records of the one, may with equal truth
be predicted of the other. The colour of the negroes, whom
they respectively reduced in the scale of civilization, is the
only shadow of difference in their administrations.
As an illustration of this singular coincidence, we extract
from the Jamitica Despatch of the 7th February in the cur-
rent year, a passage d,eseriptive of Sir Lionel's proceedings
in Jamaica, which, rnutatis mutandis, conveys an accurate
outline of the noble Marquis's on-goings in Ireland. Thus :
" The Governor pardons thieves and vagabonds, but incar-
cerates honest men ! He sanctions slander, falsehood, and:
misrepresentation in hireling parsons, (Priests,) and stipen-
diaries, who are precipitating Jamaica's (Ireland's) ruin, and
has encouraged extortionate demands on the part of the ap-
prentices (Papists;) but he does not hesitate to issue his writ
of supersedeas against the local magistrate, who has courage
to oppose calumny, or to vindicate his character and rights
The independent magistracy and the landed gentry of the
island are the especial objects of the executive ban, and if
this reversal of every sound maxim of wise policy is not
speedily rectified, the consequence must be the loss of this va-
luable colony (country) to the British crown !"
Well, a double Sir Lionel—or a duplicate Marquis—might,
in all reason, be considered a sufficient prodigy for one age
and nation :—but it is not so. A third has started up upon
the troubled scene of agitation ; and lo !—the Baron Fortescue,
anxious to share in the divided laurels, declares, that having
been appointed to the Viceroyalty of Ireland, he will walk in
the footsteps of his immediate predecessor ; and he trusts
that "at the close of his career, be it long or be it short, he
shall reap the same harvest of benevolence from millions of
Irishmen, which has lately marked the departure of his noble'
friend (Lord Normanby) from the shores of that country."
The footsteps in which Lord Fortescue is to walk are

sketched with a graphic, though general effect, in the fore-
going " counterfeit presentment of two brothers," Sir Lionel
Smith, and the descendant of Sir Constantine Phipps. The
postlirninious recollections which Lord Fortescue anticipates
for himself, are dashed off with admirable and prophetic
effect, in a smart pamphlet which has just issued from the
press,* on the occasion of Lord Normanby's departure.
My last wish," said his Excellency, in answer to Lord
Charlemont's Address—" My last wish is, that my name
may still be familiar as household words on Irish lips—my
memory ever find a welcome in Irish hearts."
Yes, replies the pamphleteer :
" He shall not be forgotten.'
" His name shall be indeed a household word,' till houses
shall be safe.
" No scene, no hour, no situation, no season, but shall
suggest him to our minds.
" With the close of day we shall remember him, and not
forget to barricade our windows, and double lock, and chain,
and bolt, and bar our doors.
" Ere we retire to rest, his name shall be familiar in our
mouths—as we search the house for lurking intimations of
our social duties, lest some" sudden burst of spontaneous'
combustion should convert our homes' 'our- families, and
ourselves, into accumulating proofs of the people's grati-
tude and attachment.'
" In our very slumbers we shall not cease to think of him
—and Mulgrave and his marauding myrmidons shall mingle
in our midnight dreams.
" In the morning we shall recall him to our minds—and
return to fetch our pistols, ere we join our labourers, laying
out our grounds, or cultivating our farms. * *
"We never forget him. At home, we bear, him in con-

stant remembrance—abroad, his. memory sharpens the spur
of the belated traveller ; his name startles us in a moment of
forgetfulness, and we hurry from the hospitable board.
" Murder and Mulgrave have become twinned in our vo-
cabulary ; therefore, while murder is familiar, Mulgrave
shall be a household word. Death, the destroyer of memory
itself, shall be your only rival. * *
" The clergyman will recollect you. He will remember
that your four years of happiness were to him four years of
suffering—suffering, because, through your aid, in those
years the debtor defied and insulted the creditor. * *
" The honest farmer won't forget him. -- He will remem-
ber how many attempts were made by the magistrates he
appointed to deptive him of his arms. He will remember
Igna- Armer,s.be:Ma obeyed .the dictates cf his conscience,
chapel doom went forth, that his crops shbitht be ieterottlhg
on his fields. * *

" The true-hearted Roman Catholic farmer, who has dared.
to .employ some of his numerous family; and embark a por-
tion of his hard-earned savings in an untenanted farm, will
remember him; He will remember him as he lies down to
rest within his insecure dwelling. He will remember him as
he trembles beneath his thatch. In his slumbers he will start
with terror, as he dreams that his house is blockaded by
ruffians—the thatch in flames—and that fire-arms prove use-
less, for his servant girl has poured hot water on the prim-
ing—because her sweetheart had promised to marry her if
she'd do so to oblige him.

. .
— " same farmer will remember him, when he recollects
the acquittals of indicted incendiaries, or is sneered at or
threatened by those convicted incendiaries, who have received
his ambulatory p2.rdons.._

" But wilder, fiercer, if, possible more pitiable, will be the
recollection of hiM in the mind of the ensavaged victim of
the agitation he praised and rewarded.
" He will remember how the National Association, from
which Normanby selected his law officers, urged him to re-
sist the payment of tithes. He may have a bewildered re-
collection of how the lawyers of that association, which
commanded him not to pay, and promised to indemnify him
for not 'paying, with their own hands drew the bills in equity,
through which the law compelled, him to pay, after subject-
ing him to ruinous expense. * * * * * *
None ever will forget you—for famine, desolation, and mur-
der, are your monuments."
Such are the recollections which Lord Fortescue threatens
to justify—and which he anticipates with so much satisfaction.
We are fully aware that his lordship is labouring to disarm
the prepossessions whiCh Protestants—from his own words
and actions—have conceived against him ; and that his friends
are sedulously endeavouring to lull our fears of the politician
by diverting our attention to the, personal virtues of the man.
The reply is—we have nothhig to do with him in his private
capacity. He comes here in a public employment to admin-
ister a policy, whose bitter fruits we already deplore ; but of
which he has, in contradistinction to the Protestant and con-
servative-interest of Ireland, declared his unqualified appro-
bation. He can be recognised in the Castle of Dublin in no
other light than that of a politician whose creed is enmity to
the Established Church—a faithful imitation of Lord Nor-
manby's proceedings—and Repeal of the Union. Yes; we
add this item on his own authority. His lordship is a repeal-
er—if not an immediate repealer, at least a prospective one.
On the 11th of June, 1836, in the course of the debate on
Irish Municipal Reform, his lordship spoke as follows :
" Lord Ebrington said, that as he deeply felt the import-
ance of this question, he was anxious to address a few words
upon it to the house. It had been said that if justice were
not done to Ireland by the introduction of municipal reform
and other measures, a repeal of the union would be sought
for. With the opinion he entertained of the bill which had
been sent up from that house, he would say, if it does not
pass into a law, that those who.had declared themselves fa-
vourable to a repeal of the union would by that circumstance
be furnished with a justifiable ground for calling for it. By
the rejection of the present bill, those who advocated it be-
cause justice was not done to Ireland, would be justified in
seeking it."

Snell are his lordship's recorded qualifications for the go-
vernment of Ireland—such the general line of policy in favor
of which he and his friends court the support and counten-
ance of the nobility, gentry, and clergy of Ireland, by their
attendance on his levees and drawing-rooms, and a friendly
intercourse at the Vice-regal residence.

* LORD NORMANBY'S FAREWELL TO IRELAND.
Dublin : William Curry, jun., and Co. Sackvillc-street, 1839,

THE WESLEYANS AND MR. STURGE.

,In a late number of our one-sided contemporary, the Pa-
triot, we notice a letter from Mr. Sturge, reflecting, on our
having given, from what he calls a " notorious pro-slavery"
Jamaica paper, an article relating to his treatment of the Rev.
Isaac Whitehouse. It may doubtless be very convenient for
Mr. Sturge to endeavour to create prejudice against the colo-
nial journals which may venture to throw such light on his
own conduct as may be unwelcome to himself, by raising
against them the outcry of "pro-slavery," but we are not
to be reduced by.such tactics to so complete a state of mental
bondage that we dare not copy statements- which we have
reason to believe are statements of truth, wherever we may
find them. The eagerness of some of Mr. Sturge's corre-
spondents to furnish him with criminatory documents against
Mr. Whitehouse, very much resembles the comparatively
new-born zeal of persons who are now anxious, by their pe-
culiar advocacy of ,the cause of the negro, • to atone for their
own :former guilty participation, we will not say in the ap-
prenticeship system, but in the crime of slavery itself. If it
has not already occurred to Mr. Sturge to inquire whether
any of his Jamaica friends have not themselves been dealers
in human flesh, the inquiry even now could do no harm. A
word to the wise is sufficient !
Mr. Sturge, in conclusion, remarks respecting his publica-
tion of the statements affecting the character of Mr. White-
house—" On a careful examination of the course I have pur-
sued, I maintain it was justified on the ground of Christian
prtpiple."

We leave him in undisturbed possession of his peculiar
views of the requirements of Christian principle, being fully
persuaded that the right-minded public of this country will
indignantly frown down such proceedings as he has thought
proper to adopt with reference to Mr. Whitehouse. Were
such things to be tolerated, no character would henceforrh
be safe. Even his friend the Patriot, when a Wesleyan
missionary does not happen to be the victim, knows how to
characterize the " principle" on which Mr. Sturge has acted.
In his very last number, wben adverting to the slanderous
report which has been put into circulation respecting " the
re-opening of Mount Zion Chapel, Sheffield," he asks—" But
can it be a friend to religion that gloats over such exposures
as these, and holds them up to the deiision of the enemy?
Our Inquirer is evidently on the watch for the halting of those
over whose flaws or failings Christian candour and kindness
would lead a man of right feelings to draw the veil. We do
not deny that censors of this description may be very useful,
—so are scavengers; but it is dirty work."—Watchman.

LEEDS AND BRADFORD RAILWAY.—We are glad to
hear that the share list is rapidly filling, and that the number
of applications already received have much exceeded the ex-
pectations of the provisional committee, and no doubt is now
entertained of the completion of the line. We are glad of
this, as there is no undertaking better entitled to the confi-
dence of the public, and to the liberal support it has received.
—Leeds. Atelligencer.
