CONTEMPORARY PRESS.

ACCIDENTS ON RAILWAY S.
(From the Morning Herald.)

The accidents on railways, that are now of almost
weekly occurrence, are attracting a large share of pub-
lic attention to the advantages and disadvantages which
present themselves in connection with the new system
of travelling.
The dependence of the public on the owners of rail-
roads increases every day. On many of the high roads
of the kingdom, it is difficult to procure the means of
conveyance from one point to another. The irregula-
rity and increasing carelessness with which railway car-
riages are managed, are visible in the disregard of hu-
man life which is manifested in so many quarters.
Even to the cheapness of railway travelling grave
doubts begin to be entertained ; because, in consider-
ing the question of cheapness regard must be had, not
merely to the direct cost of railway travelling, but also
to the loss of accommodation in other forms, which the
adoption of railway travelling involves. From the ap-
parent saving to the public, consequent on the intro-
duction of travelling by railroad, must be deducted the
increased expense of travelling from point to point be-
tween the various railway lines. The public has been
compelled, moreover, to sustain yet heavier losses in
connection with the railway system.
The high roads of the kingdom have been, to a great
extent, abandoned. The money laid out upon them is,
in a great degree, lost; and the misery caused by that
loss may be appreciated by those who are aware that
the property of widows and of orphans was, not un-
frequently, vested in loans to the trustees of the public
roads. Look, above all, to the fearful derangement in
the industrial scheme of the kingdom, to which the
desertion. of the old lines of communication has given
rise. The tens of thousands who lived by ministering
to the old mode of -travelling have been compelled to
abandon the voeations to which they were trained, and
the spots in which they resided. The capital embarked
in hotels and other establishments, for the accommo-
dation of coach passengers, has been nearly annihilat-
ed. Hamlets and villages have been rendered deso-
late by the progress of locomotion by steam. Now, it
is possible, that these sacrifices may have been com-
pensated for by certain advantages connected with the
use of railroads ; but, on the other hand, these sacri-
fices must be recognised as a deduction from the seem-
ing benefits which railway travelling brings with it. If,
indeed, the loss of property to which the establishment
of railroads has given rise, be taken fairly into account,
travelling by railroads will be found to be the most ex-
pensive mode of travelling ever yet devised.
Measures must be adopted—and at no distant thne—
to protect the public against the growing tyranny of
railwag directors. These gentlemen must not be per-
mitted to treat human life as a thing of no value—nor
must they he permitted to ruin coach proprietors, and
all the other bodies of men who so faithfully ministered
to the public convenience, before railways were heard
of. A fair tax on railways would appear to be a whole-
some measure. A strict system of superintendence on
the parr of Government would appear to be indispen-
sable.

UNANIMITY OF TnE CONSERVATIVES.
{From the Cambridge Chronicle.)
It has been most erroneously urged, and with much
appearance of triumph, by the radical press, that in-
ternal differences greatly agitated the conservative
party, differences which, unless healed, were calculated
to break up their ranks. In proof of this, some vari-
ation of sentiment in the minds of Sir J. Graham and
the Duke of tVellington on the affairs of China was
eagerly cited, whilst the conduct of the conservative
members in the matter of the Canada bill was severely
scrutinized, to detect any irreconcileable opposition
of opinion and principle.
But both positions were ludicrously untenable, inas-
much as there was nothing in the counter-views of the
two statesmen just mentioned which would have force
to disjoint their cause, or to let their perfect co-opera-
tion in the carrying out of first principles : whilst the
expressed opinion of the conservatives on the Canada
bill was rather at variance with itself as to the modus
operandi, than as to the principles involved ; the con-
servatives of the House of Commons highly disap-
proved the ministerial measure; the necessity of the
case seemed to them, however, to demand an immedi-
ate activity, and they all.iwed this necessity to weigh
against objections wisely grounded and strongly felt :
whereas, in the Lords, the Duke of Wellington, en-
tertaining the very same dislike of the bill, desired to
throw it out, because expedient with him was but a
slight and paltry excuse for losing sight of first prin-
ciples ! _ _ _

On the whole, what is there to disturb the harmony
of the party; on the contrary, is there not everything
to prove it independent in thought and action, and to
show that it can exist in full and powerful combina-
tion, without circumscribing the scope of individual
opinion ? But it is to the great questions of party
opinion that a politician must look iu order to derive
his auguries. Herein we find the conservatives single
and uniform.

On matters of church government and taxation, on
the extensive themes of representation and constitu-
tional government, on finance and corn laws, on the
preservation of the integrity of the empire,—on these
and on fifty other subjects of the same magnitude and
the same vital importance the conservatives are as one
man, holding the same identical opinions, • expressing
them in the same tone in which they have been de-
clared for years, and acting upon them with unvarying
consistency.
This is what no man in his senses dare to predicate
of the whigs! On the question of corn laws a vast
proportion of them are total repealers ; whilst their
chosen leader declares interference with the- existing
arrangements to be utter madness !
On the subject of reform there is even less unani-
mity: the Humists and Wakleyites of the house call
reform a bugbear and the reform bill a failure. Mi-
nisters declare it. a precious boon, and insist that it
shall remain intact !

On the fanatic project of dismembering the empire
by the ruin of Ireland we find O'Connell and half a
hundred supporters of his mad and selfish views beard-
ing Ministers. in their stronghold, and declaiming
against the injustice of the union, whilst those very
ministers, who exist and act solely by the impulse of
the pliant tail, represent themselves as opposed tooth
and nail to repeal, and pretend to view it as treason !
In fact there is scarcely a question either of domestic
or foreign policy, upon which any uniformity of sen-
timent or any simplicity of action can be looked for on
the part of the wings. Their strength is composed of
heteregeneous particles brought into chance collision,
rather than combination, by the contingencies of time
and circumstances, and which, when the crisis comes.
will fly asunder and be dispersed by the violence of
their own internal disorganization. Such contrariety
of opinion can hardly harmonise for any useful action.
Who can pretend to amalgamate Lord Melbourne,
Lord Ebrington, and Pan O'Connell ?

An Association of American Geologists, on a plan similar
to oer own British Association, has just been formed in the
I;iiited States, the first meeting has
i been held in Philadel-
phia. The next meeting will be held n April, 1841.
HANOVER, SEP7. 13.—We learn from very good authority
that his Royal Iligness the Duke of Cambridge will soon
arrive at Hanover, and stay here some weeks. His Royal
Highness's Aide-de-Camp, Captain Von Knesebeck, has
been here a long time.
T"E WINS AND SPIRIT TRADE.—III the wine trade
generally the business has been very active of late, although
the trade in general has been in a tolerably healthy state.
Large sales are advertising as coming toward very shortly
of very good and fine wines in bottle, which will be duly
announced, and which will probably give a tone to the feel-
ing of the trade. The wines severally on sale are too various
to allow of a quotation. Ports, fur example, are at one price
for the lowest, and at another for the highest, but the differ-
ent gradations can only be judged of by a purchaser accord-
ing to his discretion arid taste, and therefore cannot be
properly distinguished in a general quotation. The same
observation regards wines of all classes, as it would be per-
fectly impossible to guarantee quality without actual inspec-
tion. • Regarding the trade generally it is dull, but the
approaching advertised sales will show some decision in the
general feeling in the bottle trade, a circumstance which
does not often occur, some opinion of the actual feeling in
the trade can be formed. In spirits the trade is in a state of
much uncertainty. The rumours of war keep the rum
market in some state of suspense, although but little depend-
ence is placed on it to influence prices. Brandy is consi-
dered to be very dear at the present quotations... Hollands
are of such small consumption as to be almost insignificant,
and rum, although at present very high, is thought to be at
the highest, the advices from the West Indies encouraging
the hope of an excellent trade.—Shipping Gazette.

PRESENT STATE OF THE WEST INDIA
COLONIES.

(From the Times.)
The present state of the British West India Colonies is a
subject that engages the attention of every British statesman
and philanthropist. A great experiment is in progress, and
it is not to be denied that difficulties have arisen, and that
evils are threatened which were not anticipated, or against
which, if anticipated, adequate provision has not been made.
We cannot protess ourselves satisfied with the views we fine
expressed on this subject, either in or out of parliament ; nor,
on the other hand, have we any new theories or plans of our
own to recommend. In the existing state of information
and opinion, however, some good may be done by placing
the subject fairly before the public, and by looking with a
steadfast eye at the good that has been done, the mistakes
that have been committed, and the dangers that are to be
avoided. _

What, then, are those views of this important question
that excite apprehension in the minds of reflecting men?
When we have formed a clear conception of the dangers that
have been incurred, and of the evils that are threatened, we
shall be the better qualified to trace them back to their causes,
and to look forward for their remedies.

1. The first evil is ciiiWlik;fl-11111;;Iiately affects the peo-
ple of this country, viz., the diminished production and high
price of West India sugar. According to an official return
of the exports from the West Indies, the quantity of sugar
in 1832 was 4,151,368 cwt. ; in 1834 it was 3,813,976 cwt.,
and in 1839 it was 2,822,872 cwt., making a decrease from
1834 of 1,021,104 cwt., and from 1832 of 1,328,496 cwt.
From the Mauritius the quantity has increased from 527,000
cwt. in 1832 to 612,000 cwt. in 1839. On the whole, the
supply has diminished, and the consequence is that the
price has risen to the extent of 10s. or 12s. per hun-
dred-weight. the price of the best sugar being about 70s.
Of this price 245. consists of duty, which makes the price in
bond 465., while the price in bond of similar quality in
continental markets in March of the present year was only
255. making a difference of 21s. per hundred weight against
the British consumer, and in favour of the continental con-
sumer, independent of the duty. Of this difference about
one-half may be considered the effect of the colonial mono-
poly of the British market, and the other moiety the effect
of the act of emancipation ; so that after England has paid
£20,000,000. sterling to purchase the freedom of 800,000
slaves in the West Indies, she finds that she has still to pay
to the sugar-grower 21s. upon every hundred weight of sugar
she consumes beyond what the same article would cost in the
continental markets—an excess in the aggregate, calculated
upon the present quantity of sugar imported from the West
Indies, amounting to little short of three millions sterling, of
which one-half may be placed to the account of the act of
emancipation. That this is an enormous evil there can be no
doubt. It is making the people of England pay a second
time for the freedom of the slave, and for this purpose taxing
not only their pockets, but their comforts, since sugar has
ceased to be a luxury, and must be regarded as a necessary of
life to every family in the kingdom, however poor or humble.
It might have been expected that the men who possess the
powers of governtnent, and who are responsible for the con-
duct of public affairs, would not have allowed parliament to
separate without calling attention to this subject ; but the
fact is, that they possess without exercising those powers.
They arc subject to the dictation either of their political op-
ponents or of their pretended friends, and when they receive
no impulse in a right or in a wrong direction from either of
these sources, the cis inertim, in them as in brute matter, is
all powerful, and they stand stock still and do nothing. It
is this do-nothing policy they have adopted in regard to the
present state of the sugar trade which imperatively demands
attention. They have not only • applied no remedy to the
existing evil, but they have not even condescended to take it
into consideration.

2. The second alleged evil is the present actual condition
and prospects of the West India colonies, arising out of the
operation of the Emancipation Act. It is difficult to form a
definite and consistent opinion on this subject from the con-
flicting assertions of planters and their friends, abolitionists
and their protege's, but an attempt to balance them may not
be wholly unsuccessful. On the One hand, the planters com-
plain that there is an inadequate supply of labour in conse-
quence of the withdrawal of women from the field, and of
many of the men, who betake themselves to other occupa-
tions; that those who remain are irregular and desultory in
their habits, leaving work on the slightest pretence at their
own pleasure, and on an average not working more than three
days in the week, reckoning a day's work of 12 hours ; and
that the price of labour has greatly risen, varying from Bd.
and 9d. sterling per day in the old leeward colonies, to Is. 6d.
and even more in Jamaica, and as high as 4s. in Demerara
and Trinidad. In consequence of the want of labour, cattle
have been allowed to roam at large and destroy whole cane-
fields ; the canes have not been weeded, and the crops have
not been taken off during the proper months of the year, the
effect of which is to lessen and deteriorate the produce.
Through the same cause (the inadequate supply of labour) the
negroes of the islands where wages are comparatively low are
attracted to those colonies where they are comparatively high,
the predicted result of which is, in the first place, the ruin of
the planters of the old windward and leeward islands, and the
abandonment of those colonies as places of trade, and ulti-
mately the ruin eved of the planters in the colonies more fa-
voured by nature, since, although they can afford to pay
higher wages than the proprietors in the old islands, they can-
not continue the wages they are now giving, except at the
present enormously high price of sugar. V On the other hand,
it is alleged that according to the above showing there is no
want of labourers, since even after the withdrawal of the
women the men perform all the work that is done by labour-.
ing only three days in the week ; that the want of labour
arises, not from the unwillingness of the negroes to work,
but from unwillingness of masters to afford them an ade-
quate remuneration for their labour, conformable to the en-
hanced value put by the masters themselves upon their
slaves at the period of emancipation, and recugoised by the
compensation commission ; and that the masters have fur-
ther disgusted the negroes by the harsh arrangements and
restrictive laws that have been established, tending to give
them an undue controul over the persons, the comforts, and
the labour of the emancipated population, in violation of the
spirit of the emancipation act. There are some litigated
cases in which both parties are in the right and both are in
the wrong, and this is one of them ; and for proof we refer to
Sir Charles Metcalfe's speech delivered on proroguing the
Jamaica legislature on the 11th of April last. That speech
establishes his claim to be considered an impartial umpire
between the labourers and employers of that island and
while it appears unquestionable that the former have evinced
extreme laxity and caprice in their engagements with the
latter, to the great injury of their property, it is equally clear
that the latter, with a view to the exaction of labour, have
imposed. upon the labouring population terms of rent for
houses and grounds which are justly desdribed as harassing
and vexatious. It was, and is, within the competence of the
planters to remove this cause of bad feeling, and to concili-
ate the affections of the peasantry, which they have not
done ; while on the other hand it is undeniable that the
negroes, in putting a high price upon their labour, in their
new state of freedom, are only doing that which all men
would do in similar circumstances, where the supply of la-
bour should be less than the demand. The fact, however,
still remains the same, that but for prompt and vigorous
measures of a salutary character the whole amount of British
capital in the West India colonies is passing through a slow
but certain process of deterioration, leading to utter annihi-
lation ; and we repeat, that it is in these circumstances of
danger to a vast national interest that ministers have con-
tinued quiescent and inactive, and have dismissed Parliament
without providing the means of safety, or even indicating the
way of escape.
3. Another evil arising out of the present state of the West
India colonies, is the influence which it must have in con-
firming slavery, and increasing the slave trade in other coun-
tries. It does not follow, as has been asserted, that every
hand abstracted from sugar cultivation in our colonies with-
out a substitute, makes room for a fresh slave on a foreign
soil, because, if proper measures were adopted, it may make
room for a free man in British India : but there is at least a
danger that the slave will be substituted, and, iu point of
fact, slavery and slave-grown produce are enormously on the
increase, it may be feared through the very means which
England has adopted to diminish their amount. In the Bra-
zils sugar estates increased from 1906 in 1835 to 2050 in
1838 ; the quantity of sugar exported from 400,000 cwt. in
1808 to 2,400,000 in 1837 ; and the number of slaves, from
2,100,000 in 1833 to 2,500,000 in 1839. The crops of Cuba
increase at the rate of about six per cent. yearly ; and if the
exports of that island were converted into muscovado sugar,
which is the process necessary to know the exact quantity
exported, the amount exported in 1839 was 4,550,000 cwt.—
rather more than all our sugar colonies, the Mauritius in-
cluded—while the slave population has been increased from
479,000 in 1830 to 600,000 in 1839. In 1836 Porto Rico ex-
ported 498,888 cwt., but the crop for 1810 was estimated at
1,000,000 cwt. Slave-grown sugar is even imported into the
British West Indies. Mr. Larpent, in his evidence (Parlia-
mentary paper, No. 43, session 1840), states, that " at this
moment a large quantity of refined sugars, about 10,000 tons,
Brazils, &c., is refined in this country, and is exported, a
similar quantity being returned again into bond ; and this
refined sugar so exported is, though the produce of a foreign
country, admitted without duty into the West Indies, and
may be drunk in the tea of the West Indians, or otherwise
consumed." Even the high duty has not prevented the par-
tial introduction of foreign sugar for consumption in this
country. It is the continent of Europe and the United States
of America, however, that are principally supplied with the
slave-grown sugar of the Brazils, Cuba, and Porto Rico.
The increase of this slave-grown produce, of slavery, and the
slave trade, is clearly connected with a series of measures
that have been adopted for the suppression of the British
slave trade and the extinction of slavery in the British West
Indies, leading to the increased cost and the diminished pro-
duction of sugar in those colonies ; and now that that series
of measures is complete, and that we have washed our hands
of the stain of slavery, at least in our West Indian possessions,
we may pause and ask what effect our example is likely to
have upon other countries, and upon the general happiness of
mankind. It is not enough to say, with Lord John Russell,
that it was the object of the nation " to convert slaves into
freemen, to rescue their brethren of Africa from the lash of
compulsory toil, and establish them as Christian men on the
soil where they had been transported as chattels or beasts of
burden." This was an object, and there never was one
which justice, humanity, and policy more fully concurred to
approve and reconimenda but England occupies far too high
ground in the eye of the world in connexion with this sub-
ject to be permitted to view it in this single aspect, and to
rest contented with having loosened the. shackles of her own
slaves, if she have thereby riveted those of millions in other
countries, by affording the stimulus of increased gain to their
relentless taskmasters. By the position which as a nation
we have voluntarily assumed, we owe it to the world to pre-
vent, if possible, such a result, but the political pettifoggers
of the day seem incapable of enlarging their vision to such a
view of national responsibility.

The Temps asserts that a circular has been sent by Count
Nesselrode to all Russian diplomatic residents forbidding
them to viser the passport of the Marquis do Crouy Chanel,
in case of his wishing to proceed to Russia.
The iron steamers Phlegethon, Capt. Cleveland, R.N.,
and Proserpine, Capt. Hough, R.N., put into Falmouth on
Monday evening, in company, last from Southampton. Both
vessels are armed, and fully manned ; but their destination is
unknown. They were to proceed, with sealed orders, on
Wednesday last. The Hampshire Advertiser adds—there
can be but little doubt of their being destined for the Chinese
seas.—Nlr. Davis, in his valuable work on China, says, " A
war with the celestials, however certain its results, will be
riveroidsdsehs
shortly
of long duration," and we apprehend the Queen and
rotflyTartarush,ave gone to look out for squalls
g the Tartars: The Pluto, iron steamer, just com-
pleted,
commissioned by the owners
of her kindred, for the expected
"re'
THE TRAFALG AR. slaTilse destination.
building in Woolwich do • splendid and magnificent vessel,
dockyard, and to be mounted with 120
guns, is now in a forward-sta e', being so far finished in the
wood work as to admit of receit •
of paint on the upper deck, receiving the priming and first coat
first deck is also nearly
finished, almost all that is required t
completeal it being the
large iron joints fur connecting the ion beams and sides to
each other. The supports of the uppern deckenn
chaste appearance, and consist of 33 very handsomelyia a very
pillars of the best African oak, equally rich in effect turned
as if they
mahogany.
were constructed of the best Spanish The second
deck is also progressing fast, and the supports of the first
deck, a range of similar pillars as those on it, and of the
same valuable material, present a beautiful perspective,be-
ing placed in one line along the whole length of the
ship.
The Trafalgar is altogether in such a forward state that she
might be launched immediately ; but if this were the case,
she would have to be sent to Chatham to be fitted, as there
is no dock in Woolwich.yard capable of receiving her. It is
on this account alone that there are only 30 shipwrights at
present employed upon her, and she will be launched at the
end of the month of February, 1841, the moment the dock
preparing for her reception is ready.

VARIETIES.

It is a curious fact that Mahommed Ali, Napoleon Buouu-
parte, and the Duke of Wellington, were all born in the
same year. _ _ _

FACETIOUS CHAMBERMAID.—" Tell your mistress that I
have torn the curtain," said a gentleman to a domestic of his
lodging-house. " Very well, Sir; mistress will put it down
to the rent."—Laird of Logan.
A FABLE.—Doctor Paris has just been with me. Pula.:
languid ; he has prescribed a tonic. He talked of the folly
of patients prescribing for themselves, and quoted a fable of
Camerarious. An ass laden with salt was crossing a brook ;
the water diluted the salt, and lightened the burden. He
communicated his discovery to a brother donkey laden with
wool. The latter tried the same experiment, and found his
load double in weight.
Tun LATE Dn. CARYINTia.—Upon making inquiry• we
find that the report is correct as to the discovery of the re-
mains of our late respected fellow citizen, the Rev. Dr. Car-
penter, who was drowned on the night of April 5, on his pas-
sage from Naples to Leghorn. The body was washed ashore
between Naples and Civita Vecchia, 40 miles S.S.E. of Rome,
about the middle of June, and, according to the sanatory
laws of the country was consumed by fire. His watch, seals,
and pocket-book, found on the person, sufficiently identified
him. The Consul at Rome transmitted these articles to his
agent in London for Dr. Carpenter's representatives.—Bris-
tol Mirror.

POPISH PIiNANCE OF Pao,: r.—The following advertise-
ment appears in a recent number of the Memorial de la
Scarpe, a newspaper lately published at Douai :—" 25,000
Francs Reward.—A pious person, who has made a vow to
visit the Holy Land, and whose health prevents him from
fulfilling his vow
,personally, offers a sum of 25,000 francs to
anyone who will undertake the journey from pure religious
feelings. The candidate must be under forty years of age,
and of a robust constitution, in order that no doubt may exist
of his accomplishing the pilgrimage. Ha will have to walk
barefooted, and to enter no hotel, tavern, or public house, for
refreshment ; but during the journey must depend for sub-
sistence on the alms of the charitable. He must proceed
through Lyons, Chainbery, cross the Alps, and thus to Rome,
where he will perform some religious exercises and devotion ;
passing from thence to Romagna and Ancona, lie will then
go to Calabria, where he will embark for Joppa, and so to
Jerusalem. Letters to be addressed X., office of the Memo-
rial de la Scarpe, at Douai."
Tisa GERMAN STREET-SWEEPERS.—III Ell the larger
cities of the union where these people are to be met with, it
is highly amusing to witness them in their occupation of
sweeping the streets with long brooms and watering pots,
moving in a listless, dull, and heavy manner, their inactivity
forming a strange contrast to the hurry, life, and general
bustle around them ; with long german pipes in their mouths,
which they seldom quit but for their food 1. watches in their
pockets to which ever and anon they have recourse, either
for comparison of value or to ascertain the time of meals ;
rings on their fingers, long purses for their loose cash, for
which they seem to have more than an ordinary affection ;
generally sonic relic of their old costumes upon their persons
—they form in appearance, but particularly in manner, the
finest possible set-off to the incessant motion of everything
about them. The hottest day of the most melting time of
the year they never seem fatigued, and it is absolutely cool
and refreshing at those times to contemplate them.—Mecha-
rtics' and Labourers' Hand-book.
DIVISION OF PARISHES.—The late Mr. Sergeant Lens
used to tell, with great glee the following anecdote of his
learned brother of the coif, Mr. Sergeant Hill :—Elaving
business to transact with him, he went to his chambers in
New-square, Lincoln's-inn, and found him with the book-
cases, tables, chairs, and carpets on one side of the room,
while the other half of the apartment was without a single
article. After the usual greeting, " Pray," said Mr. Serge-
ant Lens, " what do you intend to do with all the furniture
arranged in this strange fashion ?" The learned sergeant
" That since half his chambers had been found to
stand in the parish of St. Clement Danes, he nad formed this
encampment on the side of the room belonging to Lincoln's-
inn, to prevent the officers from distraining his goods for the
poor rates." At a future period Mr. Sergeant Lens visited
his " brother in distress," as he facetiously termed him, and
actually found the officers in the apartments, they having ef-
fected an entrance through the back windows, and his
learned brother daring them to touch his goods out of the
parish ; the boundary of which he had carefully marked on
the floor. The officers were so intimidated at the threats,
that they never again molested the learned sergeant, who
continued to reside in the chambers, without paying any
parochial dues. A case similar to this one occurred only a
few days since in the very same parish.

MISERIES OF MANAGEMENT.—The father of the late
Sir Watkin Williams Wynn was a great patron of the arts,
and so fond of theatrical amusements that he built a theatre
for the diversion of himself and friends, at Wynnstay, in
North Wales. On one occasion, Austin, the actor, manager
of the Chester Theatre, was requested by Sir Watkin to
superintend the getting up of a favourite comedy, which was
to be acted entirely by amateurs, most of whom were noble-
men and ladies of rank. A day was fixed for the perform-
ance, and, as a matter of course, a rehearsal was called in the
morning. Sir Watkin and Austin were at their post, mak-
ing the necessary preparations to give effect to the play.
When all was ready, " Clear the stage," said Sir Watkin,
" and call Lord A—." " His lordship's gone out shoot-
ing," returned the servant.—" Call Sir B. C— then."
" He's gone fishing."—" Request Lady D— to come
then." " Her ladyship and several others are just gone out
for a drive."—" Who the devil," cried the knight, " would
be a manager?" "I am sure I would not," replied Austin
directly, " if I had your fortune."
How TO STOP BLEEDING.—Having noticed several cases
of death resulting from loss of blood, I have been induced
to offer a few simple directions which will enable any one to
understand the nature of the danger, and how to apply the
remedy. Either an artery or a vein may be wounded. The
arteries carry the blood from the heart towards the extremi-
ties, and the veins return it towards the heart. The blood
when an artery is injured flows in jets, not in a continuous
stream, and is of a bright florid hue ; from a vein it flows
with a uniform stream, and is of a dark red colour. Bleed-
ing from an artery is much the more dangerous of the two.
When arterial blood is seen to gush from a wound, let the
bystander reflect that the blood is passing from the body into
the limb. The member having been exposed as quickly as
possible, let him take a pocket handkerchief and tie it loose-
ly, but with a tight knot, around the limb above the wound:
Then introduce a stick, or the handle of a penknife, which
will answer perfectly well, and twist it round several times,
till the limb is firmly compressed by the handkerchief and
the blood ceases to flow. Indeed, the wounded person
might do it himself, unless the bleeding was so very profuse
as to cause his fainting at once. After the bleeding is stopped
the handkerchief may be somewhat relaxed, but still conti-
nued around the limb until a surgeon can be called to secure
the vessel. In case of a wound of a vein there is much less
danger, and moderate compression below the wound will re-
tain the blood. When a person is suddenly attacked with
bleeding from the lungs, nothing is so effectual as the use of
a nutmeg grated or cut with a knife, and administered in a
little water or other liquid which may be at hand. I have
repeatedly employed it before any other remedy could be
procured, and with success.—New York Evening Sentinel.

CHINESE WOMEN'S Fe T.—The most unaccountable
species of taste is that mutilation of the women's feet, for
which the Chinese are so remarkable. Of the origin of this
custom there is no very distinct account, except that it took
place about the close of the Tang dynasty, or the end of the
ninth century of our era. The Tartars have had the good
sense not to adopt this artificial deformity, and their ladies
wear a shoe like that of the men, except that it has a white
sole of still greater thickness. As it would seem next to im-
possible to refer to any notions of physical beauty, however
arbitrary, such shocking mutilation as that produced by the
cramping of the foot in early childhood, it may partly be as-
cribed to the principle which dictates the fashion of long
nails. The idea conveyed by these is exemption from labour ;
and as the small feet make cripples of the women, it is but
fair to conclude that the idea of gentility which they convey
arises from a similar association. That appearance of help-
lessness which is induced by the mutilation, they admire ex-
tremely, notwithstanding its very usual concomitant of sick-
liness ; and the tottering gait of the poor women, as they
hobble along upon the heel of the foot, they compare to the
waving of a willow agitated by the breeze. We may add that
this odious custom extends lower down in the scale of society
than might have been expected from its disabling effect upon
those who have to labour for their subsistence. If the cus-
tom was first imposed by the tyranny of the men, the women
are fully revenged in the diminution of their charms and do-
mestic usefulness. In no instances have the folly and childish-
ness of a large portion of mankind been more strikingly dis-
played than in those various, and occasionally very opposite,
modes in which they have departed from the standard of na-
ture, and sought distinction even in deformity. Thus, while
one race of people crushes the feet of its children, another
flattens their head between two boards, and while we in
Europe admire the natural whiteness of the teeth, the Malays
file off the enamel and dye them black, for the all-sufficient
reason that dogs' teeth are white ! A New Zealand chief
has his distinctive coat of arms emblazoned on the skin of
his face, rs well as his limbs ; and an Esquimaux is nothing
if he have not bits of stone stuffed through a hole in each
cheek. Quite as absurd, and still more mischievous, is the
infatuation which, among some Europeans, attaches beauty
to that modification of the human figure which resembles the
wasp, and compresses the waist, until the very ribs have
been distorted and the functions of the vita: organs irrepara-
bly disordered.—Davis's Chinese.
BREEDS OF CATTLE.—As the present month is the usual
period for breeders and rearers of stock to make their cus-
tomary selection and changes of animals, the following
remarks by. Professor Low (published some time since) on
the many errors and glaring mistakes too often committed
in rearing breeds of oxen and sheep, may not be unaccepta-
ble :—" Animals become gradually adapted to the conditions
in which they are placed, and many breeds have accordingly
become admirably suited to the natural state of the country
in which they have been aeclimated. Thus, the West
Highland breed of cattle has become suited to a humid cli-
mate and a country of mountains ; the beautiful breed of
North Devon, to a country of lesser altitude and milder cli-
mate. In these, and many cases more, the intermixture of
stranger blood might destroy the characters which time has
imprinted on the stock, and give as the result a progeny
inferior in useful properties to either of the parent races.
Not only have individual breeders erred in the application
of this kind of crossing, but it is certain that several entire
breeds have been lost which ought to have been carefully
preserved. There are many breeds indeed so defective in
themselves, that time and capital would have been lost in
endeavouring to cultivate them ; but not a few, as will be
seen in the sequel, might have been improved to the degree
required, by mere selection of parents, and attention to the
known principles of breeding. Not only do animals become
adapted in constitution, temperament, and habits, to the
situations in which they have been naturalized, but characters
communicated by art become permanent by continued repro-
duction. Thus, in fhe case of the dairy breed of Ayrshire,
by breeding from females that possess the property of yielding
a large quantity of milk, a peculiar breed has been at length
formed, exceedingly well suited to the purposes of the diary,
and at the same time hardy and fitted to subsist on ordinary
food. Now, such a breed might be injured, and not im-
proved, by crossing, even with a race superior to itself in
many properties. Thus, a cross with the Durhams and He-
refords would produce a race of larger size and superior
fattening properties to the native race; but even in these
properties the progeny would be interior to either the Here-
fords or the Durhams, and inferior to the Ayrshire itself as a
hardy race of dairy cattle. Thus the crossing of oxen with a
race apparently superior will not always be attended with
ultimate good ; and caution and knowledge of the end to be
arrived at are required even in cases where the good seems
most easily attained. Another error of a different kind, but
proceeding likewise from ignorance of the relative value of
breeds, prevails. Breeds, in themselves bad, are obstinately
retained in districts fitted to support superior races. In every
part of the kingdom we sec in existence wretched breeds,
unworthy of being preserved, while the easiest means are at
the command of the farmer of supplying their place by others
suited to the locality. Over the greater part of Wales, for
example, there are races of wild, diminutive sheep, which, in
economical value, bear no comparison with those which could
be supplied from other mountain districts. In Kerry and
other mountainous districts, stretching along the western
coast of Ireland, in place of such sheep as the country would
dmoaigsn,taaisnw, ailrde
atso baentseeleonpeass
,snemeibtiliaegrehs
aovfianngimwoaolsi ofif the sire
ttedto ofthe
manufactures of the country, nor being capable of fattening
to any size. Even in the heart of Yorkshire, as we shall see
in the sequel, a breed of sheep is preserved, covering a consi-
derable tract of country, which from its coarseness of form
and inaptitude to fatten, ranks in the lowest class of culti-
vated sheep in England. And in every part of the kingdom
we may see examples of the vast public and private loss which
results from ignorance of the relative value and economical
uses of the different breeds of our domestic cattle."

Near Kenilworth, a most dreadful disease is raging
among the cows, which renders all their milk totally unfit
fur use.

LON GEvrry. —During the months of April, May, and June,
of the present year, there died in the five parishes of Penllyn,
Merionethshire, 43 persons, the average of the ages of 17 out
of that number was 86 years !

THE 'WEATHER. AND THE CROPS.—For the last few days
the weather has been very wet and stormy. On the night of
Monday a large quantity of rain fell, and all day yesterday we
bad heavy showers. In the evening a thunder storm visited
us; but it was not a very serious one. There is still a great
deal of grain to house in the neighbourhood; indeed but little
has yet' been secured. The crops, especially of oats, are re-
markably good ; but wheat, here as elsewhere, is rather thin.
—Blackburn Standard.

Ita.TuEst DISAGREEABLE.—A person of Thirak, who had
invested about £2OO in a certain joint stock speculation,
which failed, and judgment having been obtained against the
company, he was recently served with a process, requiring
him to chew cause why execution should not issue against
him for £3OO. Immediately after this, he was also served
with another process, by another creditor, to know why
execution should not issue against him for £4OOO. The
feelings of the individual may be better imagined than de-
scribed.—Sliellield Iris.
SHIP STRUCK BY LIGHTNING.—Captain Moffatt, of the
barque Underwood, arrived :n the West India docks on
Monday last, from St. Kitt's, reports that, on the 22d of
August, in lat. 42., long. 55. 10, at half-past five a.m., the
ship was struck by lightning, accompanied by a tremendous
report. It shivered the main royal mast, split the maintop
mast head cap, and took a piece out of the mast ; sent the
the links of chain the maintopsaiLltie in pieces, then burst in
the maintop and destroyed twc maintopgallant studding sails,
sprung mainmast head, and split half the cheek off. Came
down topsail sheets, and bunt again in the pump cistern,
where it had been attracted by the standard of the pumps ;
one of the pumps had a large piece knocked off, through
which the lightning made its way into the bold, and, as it
subsequently proved, passed out through the ship's bottom.
On examining the ship in Mr Green's dry-dock, there were
two holes found in the vessel'sbottom, one under each pump,
with which she had completel her voyage (upwards of 2000
miles) without auy one on board suspecting the extent of
their danger.

DREADFUL MAIL COACa ACCIDENT.—On Tuesday
evening, about six o'clock, is the Holyhead mail was ap-
proaching Shrewsbury, and had arrived within about three
miles of the town, a dreadful accident occurred. A wag-
gon, conveying a very large cast-iron fly-wheel for the
neighbourhood of Oswestry, was met by the mail, driven at
the usual pace. It would seem that the wheel, as it lay
upon the waggon, occupied too much of the road, and the
consequence was that, although it kept its relative place on
the road, the wheel which it carried projected so much as to
catch the iron work of the coach, and bear away the hind
part, on which sat the guard and the outside passengers,
facing him. The other consequences were, that the outside
passengers were suddenly and severely precipitated from the
coach upon the road. The guard was severely injured.
The valet of M. Theophile Van de Woestyne, attached to
the Belgic embassy, suflered the most frightful laceration of
the right thigh, with dislocation of the hip joint. The valet
of Count Poltou, the Sardinian minister, also received con-
siderable injury. His right arm was broken above the
wrist.—Salopian .Tournal.
SHOCK OF AN EARTHQUAKE AT NEW Ross.---The
town of New Ross was visited, on Tuesday last, with a
dreadful gale of wind. About seven o'clock it turned to a
hurricane. A few minutes after that hour there was felt a
shock of an earthquake. I myself saw the candlestick which
was on my table tremble, and the light from the candle ap-
peared to show a faint blue colour. At this time a gust of
wind came on with such terrible violence, that windows were
blown in, chimneys prostrated, while two doors fastened with
iron bars, were rent asunder in the timber-yard of Messrs.
James Galavan and Co. The sheds were stripped of slates,
and several piles of timber were displaced. In fact, the shock
the inhabitants of New Ross experienced on Tuesday evening
will never be obliterated from their recollection. I have not
heard of any loss of life, nor even an accident to any indivi-
dual. About ten o'clock the night cleared up, and the inha-
bitants retired to rest, tha.7.king most fervently the Almighty
for their escape. I have not heard of any damage done to
the shipping at the quay. The storm was all from the south,
and I have no doubt but Kilkenny, Graig, and on in that di-
rection, have felt its dreadful effects.—From a correspondent
of the Freeman's Journal.

HEREFORD MUSICAL FESTIVAL.—OR Wednesday, the
meeting of the three choirs of Hereford, Worcester, and
Gloucester Cathedrals commenced at the first-named city.
There were no less than eighty chorus-singers, twenty in
each part, and this department was very effective. Phillips
was not there, but Lablache was .—the former asked one
hundred guineas, was offered eighty, and then proposed to
accept ninety ; the greedy Italian asked one hundred and
fifty guineas, but gladly took one hundred. Madame Doras
Gras and Miss Birch were the leading female singers : the
Englishwoman is considered to have been the better singer.
The Hereford Times says—" Thus closed the hundred and
seventeenth annual Festival of the Three Choirs; and whe-
ther we put it in comparison as respects the musical compo-
sitions, the vocal and instrumental performances, the general
management in the orchestra and the ball-room, the libera-
lity of the contributions, and the rank, splendour, and at-
tendance of the several companies at the Cathedral and Con-
cert-room, not only may we merely describe it as being per-
fectly successful, but certainly as the most successful of the
whole series. We subjoin a table of the collections at the
three last meetings, by which it will be seen that the present
exceeds the largest by £2ll 6s. 9d. The collection includes
donations from the following benefactors :—The Venerable
Archdeacon Vickers, £25 ; Chas. Walker, of Ashford, Esq.,
£25 ; B. Biddulph, Esq., £2O ; Rev. C. Swainson, £2O;
William Botfield, of Decker Hill, Esq., £lO ; Mrs. Greenly,
of Titley, £5l) ; the lion. Harley Rodney, £lO ; the usual
gratuity of £lO from each steward, and £5 each from several
other benefactors. On Wednesday morning, at the Cathe-
dral, there were three hundred and eighty-one persons on
the raised seats, floor, and in the aisles; on Thursday there
were seven hundred and sixty-seven ; and on Friday six
hundred and eighty-six. The audience in the Concert-room
on Friday night amounted to nearly seven hundred persons.
" COLLECTIONS.
" 1834. £ s. d. 1837. £ s. d. I 1840. £ s. d.
Ist day.. 180 0 0 Ist day.. 140 9 0 Ist day.. 176 8 6
2(1 „.. 242 11 6 2d „.. 429 441 2d „ 466 14 1
3d ~ 254 0 0 3d „ 248 17 0 3d „.. 386 14 8

4:676 11 6
—Sa:opian Journal.
MR. MACKRETH.—We are glad to be enabled to state that
Mr. Mackreth left Ludlow ou Tuesday, on his return to
Bristol ; and, on his way, passed Tuesday evening in this
city. From parties who came personally in contact with Mr.
Mackreth, during his short sojourn here, at the Bell Inn,
Broad street, we are assured that he is perfectly recovered
from the wounds inflicted on him in the diabolical attempt
upon his life in Ludlow, The wound on his face extends
from about an inch on the right side of the mouth, nearly to
the left ear, and has, by no means a ghastly look, though, of
course, it detracts from his personal appearance, and will be
permanently not more unsightly than an ordinary scar. The
wound across the throat was at first seven inches in length,
but has now contracted to little more than four, it is healed
more perfectly than across the mouth. The rapidity with
which these frightful gashes healed, and the absence of in-
flammation, Mr. Mackreth attributes, under Providence, to
the goodness of his constitution and his temperate habits.
Mr. Mackreth expresses himself in the most grateful terms in
regard to the kind feelings evinced to him by the whole com-
munity of the town of Ludlow, a concourse of some hundreds
of whom attended him to the coach, when he took his de-
parture, and he earnestly hopes that the interests of Mr.
Cooke, his worthy landlord, may not suffer by the unhappy
occurrence, in the slightest degree, not a shadow of blame
attaching to him, while his conduct, and that of his family.
since the murderous attack, has been such that he could not
have been more comfortable, or better attended to, had be
been at home.—Worcester Paper.

£BlB 10 4

£10'29 17 3"

POLICEMEN NOT VOTERS.—The whole of the police force
of Manchester has been disfranchised by the revising barris-
ter, in consequence of the folloiving decision. Mr. Yates on
Monday gave judgment in the case of Edmund Clegg, who
was on the list for a house in Lord-street, Hulme. He said
the qualification, rating, &c, were duly proved ; but there
was an objection by Mr. Barratt, that he could not be retain-
ed on the list, inasmuch as he was a constable under the
Manchester police act, which had incorporated into it the
provisions of the metropolitan police act. His first impres-
sion was, that the words were not sufficiently strong to ex-
tend to a case of this kind ; but he had since read the act, and
was convinced he was wrong. By the 10th Geo. IV c 37, s
18 (the metropolitan police act) it was enacted, that no po-
liceman appointed by virtue of that act should, during the
time he held such office, or within six months afterwards, be
capable of giving his vote for the counties of Middlesex, Es-
sex, and Surrey, or the boroughs within them. The 2d and
3d Vie. (the Manchester police act) enacted, that all the pow-
ers and provisions of the 10th Geo. IV should apply to the
borough of Manchester. Had the enactment stopped here,
the words " all other powers and provisions " might have
been taken to apply only to rating and the general purposes
of constables ; but the 2d and 3d Vic. added, that all these
powers and provisions should be in force in the same manner
as if the said act had been made applicable to the borough of
Manchester, instead of the metropolitan police district, and
to the county of Lancaster as sell as to the borough of Man-
chester. He was therefore bound to strike off the name of
Edmund Clegg. It there was any doubt upon the subject, it
was removed by a subsequent clause, which stated that no-
thing in that act, or in the said act of the 10th Geo. IV should
prevent any constable from voting for any city, borough, or
place, other than the county of Lancaster and the boroughs
therein.

MYSTERIOUS CIRCUMSTANCE.—In the secluded village of
West Drayton, about five miles south of Retford; there is a
cottage occupied by a person of the name of John Makin"
and his wife, the former aged 68, the latter 72; with whom
reside a person of the name of Brown, and his wife (who is
Makin's daughter), and their two daughters, the eldest of
whom is about ten years of age. On the evening of Mon-
day the 21th of August, whilst Mrs. Makins and two of
Brown's children were sitting in the kitchen (the rest of the
family being engaged in the harvest field and other out-door
avocations), they were alarmed by a large potato being thrown
through the window, which smashed a square of glass ; this
was succeeded by several others which did similar injury ;
and which game lasted for about half an hour. Next morn-
ing, about half-past nine o'clock, the throwing commenced
again ; but the missiles were of quite a different character,
viz. large boulder stones, some of them weighing upwards of
two pounds. This game was continued during the whole
day ; but the missiles appeared to be principally levelled
against the kitchen window and the staircase window, which
were between five and six yards apart ; in the former of which
before evening, there were 12 squares broken, and in the
latter 23. As might naturally be expected, the inmates were
greatly alarmed, and the news being spread through the vil-
lage soon caused a considerable muster of the inhabitants on
the spot. In order, if possible, to discover the hiding place
of the contriver of this dastardly trick, some of the villagers
were employed in searching the surrounding outbuildings ;
others placed themselves on the ridge of the house, and of
those houses in the immediate locality, in order, if possible,
to discover in what direction the stones came ; but all to no
purpose. Stone after stone succeeded, and in no instance
were they seen, or the direction whence they came known,
until they arrived at their destination. They seemed to drop
lightly, and without much projecting force ; some going
through the windows, and others falling on the tiles, without
breaking them, and then rolling them gently on to the
ground. This annoyance continued during the whole week,
lasting from about nine o'clock in the morning until nine in
the evening. On Saturday evening, eleven pieces of large
coal were thrown ; but these, like the rest of the missiles,
seemed to come from nowhere—the ingenuity of the clever
rascal, who was the concoctor of the scheme, still baffling the
skill and devices of the rustics of the village, in discovering
the place of his concealment, and the method by which he
was enabled to keep up his system of annoyance. On the
morning of the 31st, the nuisance, which had abated during
the Sunday, was again renewed, but in a different manner.
Stones were thrown about the house in the interior; one
visitor receiving a black eye, and others being hit on various
parts of their persons. This lasted through Monday, Tues-
day, and Wednesday ; on Thursday and Friday the nuisalco
ceased—was renewed again on Saturday ; since when nothing
further has occurred. Ever since the thing commenced,
scores of persons daily have visited the spot ; and on Sunday
the 23d, no less than from 300 to 400 were present from
Retford, Worksop, Newark, Tuxford, and many of the sur-
rounding villages. During the ten days in which this game
has been carried on, various rumours have been afloat as to
the originators of the scheme ; but, up to the evening of
Wednesday last, the perpetrator still remained incog.—Don-
easter Gazette.

VESSELS ENTERED FOR LOADING.

(SINCE OUR LAST PUBLICATION.)

AFRICA.

Sarah Fleming, C Lalberney, 346 Africa, H Smith & Co
WEST INDIES AND MADEIRA.
St. Vincent, T Shepherd, 274 Madeira and St. Vineent, J Cropper
Sisters, J Ramsay, 260 Demerara, Bold & Starkey
Cambridge, D Ramsay, 446 Demerara, J Gordon & CO
Belfast, C W Finlay, 315 Kingston, Jamaica, Kirkby & Watson
SOUTH AMERICA.
Heroine, It Bouch, 274 Lima, W & J Tyrer
Mary Worrell, J Gardner, 353 Lima, Ashley Brothers
John Scott, M Robinson, 225 Monte Video, Ashley Brothers
Liverpool, E Row, 270 Bahia, Ifiggin & Lane
UNITED STATES.
Hope, N Harmer, 261 Savannah, J Aikin & Son
Indefatigable, J Lister, 587 Savannah, Isaac, Low & Co
Harkaway, A M Norman, 560 New Orleans, J& W Oxley &Co
Josephine, B Prindle, 388 New York, Richardson Brs & Co
Jefferson, R MaEon. 414 City Point, Wildes, Pickersgill & Co
Andes, D Brocklebank, 217 Virginia, T & J Brocklebank
George, W Rue, 6;6 Savannah, WLeod & Yarrow
Hercules, F Postill, 857 Mobile, Houghton & Smith
Tamenend, C Boutelle, 467 New Orleans, Hughes, Cowie & Co
President, (steamer) R J Fayer, 1873 New York, J R Pint
St. Andrew, A Storer, 558 New Orleans, W Quayle
Napier, J L Sanford. 451 Baltimore, Focke & Boult
BRITISH AMERICA.
Leander, J It Phelan, 813 St. John, N.B. Gibbs &LCo

EUROPE.
Perseveranca, J M Franco, 100 Oporto, T Martin & Son
Harmonic, B J Zoetkirk, 169 Dordt, Bahr, Behrend & Co
Terra Nova, T Duneberg, 150 Gothenburg, C G Weber &Co
Mary, P Gress, 109 Antwerp, Bahr, Behrend &Co
Pet, W G Smith, 303 Venice, M'Nair & Dutton
Allegro, J A Regeser, Stettin, Bahr, Behrend & Co
Cornelius Star, P F Kramer, 118 Rotterdam, Bahr, Behrend &Co
George Glen, It M'Bride, 23; Gibraltar and Marseilles,
Elbelby, Rowett & Oo
City of Dublin, (steamer) W D Evans, 189 Malta, J Pollock
Highland Lad, W Simms, 113 Venice, Bahr, Behrend & Co
Henriette, N Ljungren, 130 Revel, C G Weber & Co

ItiarlatO.

LIVERPOOL PROVISION MARKET, SEPT. 24.

The dry Butter market continues brisk, and prices fully sup-
ported. Pickled Butter has rallied, and none to be had to-day
under 955. In other articles no alteration.
