VALUABLE SALT WORKS, FLATS, &c.

By Mr. REAM
On WEDNESDAY, the llith instant, precisely at Four o'clock in
, the Afternoon, at the House of Mr. Williams, the Royal
Oak Inn, in Winsford, in the county of Chester, in the fol-
lowing or such other Lots as may be, agreed upon at the time
of Sale, and subject to such conditions as will be then pro-

duced,
• Lot 1. A LL those extensive and very valuable SALT
J3_ WORKS, ,situate near Winsfurd, in the township
At Over, in the said county of Chester, consisting of one large
Double Store House, 120 feet by 90 feet, capable of storing or
". holding upwards of 7000 tons of Salt. Also, Eight Pan Houses
adjoining, wherein are Eight Pans for Manufacturing Salt, in
•, excellent condition, measuring about 7000 superficial feet,
together with a Smithy, Work Shop, CO age, Office, and other
appurtenances thereto belonging, carted on by
,the firm of
Messrs. Dudley, Done, and Co.
HR 2. TEE SHARES of anot r very valuable SALT
WORKS adjoining the above, consisting of a large Double
• ' Store House, capable of storing orholding from 5 to 6000 tons
.of Salt. Also, Six Pan Houses adjoining, wherein are Six
- Pans for Manufacturing Salt, in excellent condition, measur-
ing . upwards of 5000 superficial feet, carried on by the firm of
Messrs. Dudley, Dutton, and Co.
3. The whole of the FLAT called the "Mary Sarah," with
- her small Boat, and all other Appurtenances.
4. The whole of the FLAT called "The Elizabeth," with her
small Boat, and all other Appurtenances.
5. The whole of the FLA 1' called "The Sir Sidney," with
• the small Boat, and all other Appurtenances.
• G. The whole of the FLAT called "The John," with the
'lsmail Boat, and all other Appurtenances.
The above Salt Works, &c. are held under a Lease for a
very small Ground Rent, for the unexpired term of 21 years,
are-well situated adjoining the river Weaver, about half a mile
• from Winsford Bridge, where every convenience will be found
for discharging Coal and shipping Salt, &c. and are well sup-
rlied with most excellent Brine. The Flats are now navigat-
mg upon the river Weaver, in the employ of the above-named
firms, and are all in complete repair.
N.B.—Further particulars may be known by applying to
Mr. R. LI:NG, Jun., Superintendent of the said Messrs. Dudley,
Done, and Co.'s Works, who will appoint alierson on the Pre-
wises to shew the Property.

By Mr. LUCAS,
TO-MORROW, Saturday, the 2nd instant, at his Repository,
Great Charlotte-street, at ne o'clock precisely,
ADARK GRAY GELDI - 5 years old, 15 hands 3
inches high, action very od, direct from the Breeder,
and likely to make a Hunter, . d has been a few times in har-
ness; a very powerful Gray Gelding, 5 years old, 15 hands 3
inches high, fast and very superior in harness ; a Bay Mare,
rising 5 years old, by Patmerin, direct from the Breeder, and
steady to carry a lady; a Bay Gelding, 6 years old, 15 hands 2
inches high, steady in harness, he is a, very useful horse for any
gentleman in want of one for all purposes; a Gray Cob Horse,
very splendid in harness ; a powerful Black Gelding, 6 years
old, 15 hands 3 inches high, steady in harness, action good, and
has been hunted ; a Bay Gelding, 6.years old, 15.hanc6 2 inches
high, a steady hunter; a Chesnut Gelding, 6 years old, a good
hack, and steady in harness. Also, a great number of other
Horses and Ponies ; a variety of Gigs, 17hactons, &c.; Saddlery,
.
Harness, &c.
.

May be seen prior to the Sale.
Horses Trained to Single and Double Harness,
N.B.—R. Lucas begs to inform persons in want of Gigs,
Phaetons, Carriages, &c., that his Annual Unreserved Sale of
CARRIAGES will take place at the Reposito-ry early in April,

BLOOD STOCK FOR SALE.
BY MR. LUCAS,
Without Reserve,—On WEDNESDAY, the 13th instant, at One
o'clock to a minute, at his Repository, Great Charlotte-street,
ritHE following valuable BLOOD MARES, YOUNG
JL STOCK, &c. without the Slightest serve,
Lot I.—Dorcas, 11 years old, by 0 ayius, (own sister to
Sir Indebrand) dam Young Pitshill, y Gohanna • her dam
the Pitshill Marc, by Driver out o ightshade, b;Pot 8o's;
Cytherea, sister to Drone, by Her ; Lily by Blank, &c. ;
Stinted to Predictor.
Lot 2.--Minera, 7 years old, by Paulowitz ; dam by Sir
Oliver, out of Miss Blanchard, by Hambletonian, Lady. Sarah,
by Fidget; Alfred Magnolia, by Marske ; 'Stinted to Predictor.
Lot 3.—Young Feneila, 7 years old, by .Fitz Lang:to ; darn
Feuella, out of the Maid of Lorn, by Castrel, &c. ; Stinted to
Predictor.
Lot 4.—Thebes, 4 years old, by Conductor, dam Medina, by
Shebdeez out of Passamaquoddi, ; Stinted to Predictor.
Bred by the Marquis of Westminster.
Lot s.—Wigan Lass, 4 years old„ by Fitz-Langton; dam
Ostrich, by Bustard out of Olivetta, by Sir Oliver, &c.
Feln.oeua 6—B.
t _;:-8,, ay Filly, 4 years old, :by Fitz-Langton; dam

Lot 7., —Brown Filly, 3 years old, by Figaro, out of Rose,
by Rubens • dam Rosanne by Dick Andrews, her dam Rosette
by .Beninibrough out of Rosamond by Tandem; Tuberose by
Herod, Ste, _ _

Lot B.—Bay Filly, 2 years old, by Predictor out of Doreas,
Scc.
May be viewed the day previous, and on the morning of sale ;
further particulars known on application to Mr. Lucas.

NEWSPAPER STAMPS.—We are able to announce the deter-
mination of ministers, at no distant period after the assembling
of Parliament, to take off the whole of the stamp
:duty on news-
papers. Our authority for this most welcome intelligence is
Mr. Bulwer; his authority is, we take for granted, the Chan-
cellor of the Exchequer. Mr. Bulwer has been kind enough,
in reply to a request publicly made to him for information on
the subject, to forward an unpublished sheet of the New Monthly
Magazine, We have been favoured with a sight of this paper,
and we are thus relieved of all anxiety on a matter so deeply
interesting and important, and enabled to communicate to the
public news that will gladden the country front north to south,
and from east to west.—Mr. Bulwer thus writes :—" Deeply in-
terested, as we are, in the removal of the taxes on knowledge,
having ourselves taken so active a share in 'promoting their re-
peal, considering. the consequences which lie beyond the sur-
face of the question of the gravest importance to the virtue of
the operative classes, to the proper direction of industry, and,
ultimately, through extended inquiry into the . distribution of
labour and capital, to a relief of our financial difficulties them-
selves, we cannot express the pride, the delight, the gratitude
we experience, when we announce to our fellow-countrymen,
that it is the intention of the Chancellor of the Exchequer to
take off the whole stamp duty on newspapers, substituting a
cheap postage in its stead."— The Town, Sunday Newspaper.—
[Upon this announcement,ithe Globe, ministerial paper, of last
evening, observes,—" It is quite true, we believe, that, as a gen-
tleman who interests himself upon the subject of taxes upon
knowledge, Mr. Bulwer has had the reported interview with
Viscount Althorp, but all the rest is overstated; as no such re-
solution as that described has been either adopted or even taken
into general ministerial consideration.")

REMARKABLE CREDULITY.—Two women, named Wisken and
Storey, the former of the parish of Bethuall, and the latter of
Kelsale, in this county, were committed to • prison for three
months, on 'Wednesday, the 16th ult., by the magistrates, at
their sitting at Yoxford, for pretending to tell the fortune and
otherwise imposing on Joshua Johnson, the elder, of Rendham,
for which they obtained from him the sum of £3. 18s. and a
chicken. It appeared in evidence that Johnson had been af-
flicted with an aberration of intellect, which some of his weak
neighbours persuaded him was owing to his being under the
power of witchcraft, and advised him to
.go to the woman Storey,
and get her to break the spell. At their interview the sorceress
told him he was under "bad hands," and that fora certain sum
she would "make him right." In order to effect this a chicken
was procured, roasted alive, and the heart taken from it and
stuck full of pins, and the sum of 14s. paid her ; but the conju-
ration had no effect, and the old man was persuaded to go to
the other woman, Wiskcn. On telling her what had been done,
she told him that he had been bewitched by the person he had
been to before, and gave him some powders to lay on the Bible
and bury in the garden; that he was to get bled, and at mid-
night stop up all the flues in the house and burn the blood,
which would remove the power of the witchcraft. This he did,
and paid her for the powders, &c., £2. 14s. Johnson, after his
reason returned, (not through the influence of the incantation,)
suspected he had been imposed upon, and" accordingly laid the
particulars before a magistrate, who granted warrants for the
apprehension of the cunning women, and committed Storey to,
Ipswich gaol, and Wiskcn to Woodbridge Bridewell, for the
period before stated.—SuPik Chronicle.
Should the Russian Emperor's offer of assistance to the
Grand Seignor be accepted, Admiral Greig's fleet, of 36 men
of war, will have the passage of the Dardanelles opened to them.
In this case every British man of war that can be spared will
be sent to reinforce our fleet in the Mediterranean, as it will
then be considered necessary to have a strong squadron of ob-
servation in that quarter.—Hamrshire Telegraph.

DISSOLUTION OF THE ASSEMBLY.
JAMAICA.
(From the Jamaica Courant, of Monday, December 17th.) 1,
We are happy to observe so many of the old members alrevi
appealing to their constituents, for the honour of again retli
sentiug their interests in the local parliament, when it s°7e
please his Excellency the Governor to issue his writs for a aer
election. The more we think of the conduct of the Govern'
in ;:
in so petulantly dismissing the Assembly, the more we regret
at a moment like the present; when the public mind is suet
a state of excitement, from causes, the prospect of which ere',
lover of his country must deplore. His lordship is evidentlYd,
young statesman, and the tone which pervades his farewell
dress to the Assembly, shews that Lord Mulgrave's feell°q
were too much enlisted in a measure, in which the Goof,'
ought to have acted with calmness and consideration. irb,,
subjects of an inflammatory nature were introduced into the y:
ply of the house, to the Governor's first message, we deal'
nor do we believe there was the slightest intention, on the ps„
of the house, to give offence to his Excellency ; but if it is to
considered inflammatory to give a true picture of our situatio.
instead of glossing it over iu courtly phraseology, then the P"
sembly are to blame.
We have reperused the reply, which has been considered s:
very uncourteous and inflammatory ; and we can only imagill„
that in state documents, like libels—the greater the truth. tu
more inflammatory it is considered. But his lordship oughts`
remember, that he is sent out with orders, which he must ender'
your to carry into execution however injurious to our interests!
and that our representatives have not only their own property
to protect, but also those of their constituents. The first "1!
flaraniatory" paragraph which we can discover, is the follorria"
" The house trust that your Excellency's anticipation may be reredized, and that no repetition of the recent criminal and horrid rebelli
may again bring destruction on the inhabitants of Jamaica. The bow;
thank your Excellency for the precautionary measures your Esefo
lency have taken to avert the possibility of a renewal of the atrocit3,4
perpetrated only a few months since ; but the house feel it their
to state, that no permanent tranquillity can be expected, and that
security for property and life can exist, so long as Jamaica is kept,„,
constant agitation. Our present uncertain state paralyses alike
energies of agriculture and commerce, and necessarily tends to gU
vert all assurances of permanent security for persons or property.
Now, whatever his lordship's public sentiments may be, /5 lie!
prepared to deny the truth of the grievances complained 0„
We think not; and that no individual but Lord Mulgrol-
- consider such an appeal to the executive inflammatory e
The next paragraphs, of which we understand Lord Mulgra't,
complains, are the following. That they contain some unpa.lar,
able truths, connected with the conduct of the Imperial Ps•,,
liament, we admit; but when visionary theorists, with the 'nand
potence of parliament to boot, fail in administering equal 00
effective laws, for the government of their fellow-subjects 'e
Ireland, how can that body legislate for a people, at a distaac
of 4500 miles?
The attempt, in the first place, would be absurd ; but an ,
ther question would arise, how would the enactments of
Imperial Legislature be carried into effect? and before this:,
attempted iu Jamaica, it would be as well to settle the tyto
question in Ireland, where the bayonets of his Majesty's troot
are not found of sufficient weight to carry the omnipoter
views of parliament into effect ! ! Could the King's troops,',
employed here as yollecting constables ? and if they were,.wu,
would purchase their levies? But let our readers and t":,
country judge if the following manly appeal to the executii,'
ought to he called inflammatory. We aver it to be the truth'
and if our Legislature had expressed such sentiments, with eclu
frankness years op.(), the British Ministry might have bee,
more fully aware of our real condition : but it is not yet V"o,
late to submit our case to the British public, however preJo
diced a large portion of our fellow-subjects are against us, fro
d
ignorance of our local situation, as well as the state f 01"
society ; and his Excellency the Governor, instead of considl;
in g the relation of our grievances inflammatory, ought to ,
all he can to induce the Government of the Mother-Country
to redress the evils thui complained of:
" This house was no party to the measure by which an inquiry
obtained in one house of the British Parliament, by the Ihrest-la
proprietors residing out of this island, nor do we admit that the Ilaety
of Commons can institute any effectual inquiry in relation to
social institutions of this island, or its internal affairs. To underswer
the laws of any society, and the influence of customs and habits 0'10,5
those laws, a personal residence among the inhabitauts of the coaeoe
is indispensable. No evidence can convey over 4500 miles tb le
circumstances which most materially affect the welfare of a roYve
and which, to be appreciated must be seen. Countries might is
mentioned where the laws in theory have been considered perf'',,j
but where, after centuries of legislation, the people are starving
wretched. This, we are proud to say, is not the case in Jamaiii,
notwithstanding all the defects incident to the state of slave
originally forced on us by Great Britain. tiy
'`As this house never did recognize the resolutions of Parliamen ,
1823—as this house never did admit the right of the House of CI,
mons to legislate on the internal affairs of Jamaica, even when
West Indies were indirectly represented in Parliament, we neverne
concede that a house of Commons, which is to exist upon the prillPro
that actual representation should be the foundation of legislation,
justly claim to legislate over us, their free fellow-countrymen,
respects their equals, but who have not, and' cannot have,
voice whatever at their election, by whom, in conseque4
we are not represented—who are strangers to our condition IV
interest, and whose attempt to dictate to us would consequee
upon their own principles, the principles of their own existeo
as a legislative body, be tyranny and not legislation. of
" Experience prevents us from deluding ourselves with the hoPew
a dispassionate and impartial result from the proceedings of any coal
mittee of the commons house in relation to the West Indies, no
we strangers to the fact that pledges are now being exacted fromc7o(
didates for seats in the new imperial parliament, to vote, in respec„,tl
the colonies, according to popular dictation, and not after ample
patient examination.
" The house are happy that your Excellency has not been compel
to make the unavailir, effort of inducing us to pass into a lay'
order in council of the 2nd of last November—an order which ore
proves how unfit the theorists, who have never been in the colour,
are to make laws even for our consideration, much less adopt'
word for word, and letter for letter." blf
The meeting of the late members of the House of Asset°,,
took place, in Spanish Town on Saturday, when, we 007 ed
stand, a memorial to his Majesty was drawn up, and WO, to
of, but the nature of which has not, of course, been allowe'm
transpire. While these gentlemen were in deliberation, 01
Honourable Mr. M‘Dowall Grant demanded, in the navae,,
the governor, a conference, to ascertain the nature of their Pre,
ceechngs ! Out of respect to the governor, Mr. Dallas wa9ri,
quested to meet Mr. Grant, who demanded, in no very e;sheit
eons terms, what they were "aboot, as well as a copy 0'
proceedings," which Mr. Dallas, of course, declined to ec''''P
with. We have understood that honourable member, 0130,
very recent occasion, lectured another honourable gerallip
into good manners, and without meaning any offence to
Grant, we will just ask him if it was very good manners to Pro
into the deliberations of private gentlemen, even by the des'
of the
The
soon
meaffnei cfet
sot
ef thed in this dissolutioneityfor
therf
n o
sooner.H ous House
was
sf AL
known,ssembit
obi?,
it was circulated in all directions, that the house had beef
solved by Lord Mulgrave in consequence of the scrutiNhose
large assemblage of the lowest orders took place at the ,e to
of Mr. Edward Brown, a free sambo man, (recently a 51-3,`_' 'tree
celebrate the victory which the governor had given Weed el
people over the white inhabitants ; and what astonisht
was
more was, that some of the baud of the Kingston regi 100
in attendance on such a motley group. The noise high
wurhoo,
occasioned by such a rabble disturbed the whole neighb°,
and the seditious expressions applied to Colonel Fow es
tiring
Maddan, Mr. Delgado, and others, were of the most disgus":„',
description, and unfit for repetition. The same scenes w„l.,
repeated last evening, but with more ferocity and violence; So
Brown snapped a pistol at au inoffensive neighbour, anrete,a,,o
attacked him with a drawn sabre ! This gentleman
in his house, and immediately armed himself and a few friell.he
.took nAttv,
its defence of his life and property. This is but one of
effects of the governor's impetuosity, in dissolving the Willi,
and we trust none else will result in another quarter ;
and);"th
unfortunately, anything should occur, the
governor alone, ought to be held responsible e
for tie e
crovernor,
creer
quences that may ensue; and we feel persuaded, that nend
his lordship•or the Johnny Newcomes he has about him,c°e'a
be at all aware of the situation in which the country is 131
t,
eiti
but we hope there is sufficient firmness among the inhabits
to watch over interests which, it would appear, there is sii,.
evident determination to sacrifice at the shrine of whig r P
licanism and whig

Mr. Talford having been raised to the rank of a Sergean%:i,
Law, appeared on Tuesday morning in his coif; and wok 0,
seat iu the Court of 'Common Pleas.
•
ridf
THE ANTI-SLAVERY PARTY AND THE PRESS.—Le lit led ;It
of the Anti-Slavery Society, are at present actively engage
canvassing for the Morning Herald, under a promise, we una
stand, from the conductors of that paper, that provided a sPecill
tied number of new subscribers can be obtained, they 8/
become the advocates of immediate abolition. We have hear"
of some instances in this town, where parties have I,,ed
strongly urged to lend themselves to this scheme for briblfl
the press.—Mancitester Courier. of
OBSERVANCE OF THE SABDATII.—A numerous meeting
the journeymen, fishmongers and poulterers of the metropo`o,
and its environs was held last night, at the Two Chairioco
Warde Areet, Soho, for the purpose of promoting petitiOn%o
-• • -

v ardour-81
both houses of parliament, calling upon The legislature tot',,(
into early consideration the Report of the select committee tt,
the House of Commons, appointed fast session, to_ nquire
the state of the laws relative to the Sabbath. Petitions to t'lf,
effect were agreed to, and committees were appointed to f°
ward the objects of the meeting.

401
9 and Very
shire, trvin!
—Feb. that
wank, N
00, and
k, St tj
I, and ern'

1v
t, that
'L', A
Y' ,e
ho":_

=ant i° at
h
)o

frito.o
iged
P,ecir
y "
heaid
be'
~ribina

Cr
ring
sope-
6000,
totS(
ittee
're
to t°
to f'''r,

TY) THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STiINDARD.
,81a—Do you notice the hobble your contemporary of Satur-
`Y has got himself into, in publishing a report implicating his
Natchless favourite in a black transaction at Preston, for which,
bythe Journal's account, he was certainly, on "crowner's quest
I'"v."
put into the kick-up.for nothing less than murder! Well
'll.)' the law on libel be looked into, and that speedily, if we
ate, to be called on to suffer damages for a publication like this.
'54 this is not the sole onus : the complainant had to thank
It!ur contemporary for several kind and flattering notices of
,Lllll the Journal,—" et to Brute." It is to be hoped, though,
'44t the " good-natured friend" who forwarded to the noseless
l'" I.P. the number containing the account of his mutilation
44d incarceration, will also send the other containing the re-
t4Pitulation of past services, as I rather doubt that the offended
Rentleman is aware of this fact, and trust he will stay further
I:l:,°ess, seeing the horror the Journal has of going into court,
qd the trilling damages any jury would award in a case like
this.

I Was, I confess, a little surprised to find our cautious friend
the
with Dicky Sam's knowledge-box at his service, after
17 recorded experience of the damage sustained by the liberal
—`erclo'y in meddling with character, in an illegal, though per-
fectly disinterested and charitable manner. The cases were
Iliad' SO notorious, by appeals to the humane, in the form of sub-
tilieription-books, and contributions gratefully acknowledged by
i•ye that they were pointed at and chalked over the town,
try Hunt, Warren, or Turner." But these meddling jays
"ia be pecking, and now the trap's down on another witless
°freader "Parce, precor, parce."
The fun of the thing, too, to see the jealousy of these Re-
lerkers and sticklers for the freedom of the subject and the
Press, when it makes a little free with their monopoly ! Here
frilltul t, of matchless fame, "running a-muck" with a liberal
Iriend for noticing him in a corner of a paper so briefly, that
t.6agh I do pay much attention to your brethren of the press,
1 hope to improve my style, so that an occasional contribu-
-1441, with which you honour me by admittance into your columns,
teal' be deemed not unworthy the notice of such clever journal-
-4 and their friends, and so extend, if in a triflin; degree,
Your circulation; I declare I really did not notice the paragraph.
al,ll, but for the "good-natured friend," I do think but few
11"loat certainly not) ever would. Then there is Cobbett, who
4spared none—even King Dan, Westminster's pride, Bott
'auth, Tom Potter, or Tom Paine : the last he could not even
'et rest in his grave. Cobbett is moving the court for judgment
4nere as to the possibility of an uncertificated bankrupt,
'eh he is not, sitting in Parliament. Like the sailor who
fray blown into the air while witnessing the tricks of a conjuror,
rll an accidental explosion of powder, which he took to be a
',reel of the performance, I am inclined to exclaim, after this,
Shiver my timbers, what will the mountebank do next!"
11fin: This same law of libel is certainly an) thing but clearly de-
W'l. It was decided, or judged, which you please, the other
aY, that you may lawfully call a person a "Man Friday,"
Nether he be aggrieved at it or no, because Robinson Crusoe's
luau
Friday is described, in the annals of Mr. Daniel Defoe,
Ts a faithful servant; ergo, no man can in reason complain of
teitig called a faithful servant. Very logically settled! I re-
'eraber me of a learned young logician, on his return home
fr'ra the banks of the Cam or Isis, (I forget me of the locality,
t
n'emporte,) attempting to convince his ignorant dad that a
. horse-Chesnut was the same as a chesnut horse, and when teas-
iqg the governor to purchase for him "an unter," was told to
search under the tree for a chesnut, and ride that.
iti4youricontemporaries ever deign to regard the contributions
Your correspondents, perhaps in the assurance that I do read
theirsin quest of information, in admiration of their acquire-
14e4ts, in deference to their authority, in good humour, they
Will oblige me with a vocabulary (from vocabularium) of such
Wards wherewith they may be lawfully accommodated (from
'le_c"trnodo), as I should feel sorry to offend either personally or
derivatively; and I wish to help them to such dishes only as
are 'most palatable, as well as may be legally declared allow-
able ; until, by the remonstrances of the Journal and Mercury,
41, to complete the number of the Graces, the Albion, the law
on libels be put on a secure footing, and such notices as the one
Which
has stirred up the Journal may pass current, when, I
think, any of us may take the liberty to write anything we
Choose
ours, &e.
Liverpool, Jan. 26, 1833.

zTO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.
disa'l4,—lt is amusing to read the commentaries of the soi-
ut leading
newspapers of the day on the recent meeting of
the electors of London;—one regards it with triumph, because
it is a failure,—another laments the want of generosity in the
electors towards the ministers, and both regard the absence of
the mercantile class as a stigma on the respectability of the
Meeting. What ! the merchants who were lately held up to us
lot ridicule or abhorrence, are they now become, by the show-
ing of the same authority, an example for our imitation ?
Does this class, lately so vituperated, now point out that con-
daet to the new electors, which is dictated by intelligence and
tatriotism •! What a pity that those two qualifications should
ave deserted them in their meditations on the Dutch war !
t:thaps the best comment on the meeting is to be found in the
i;Nlection of the ministerial Globe,—" Acteon destroyed by
ta4et'':a hounds !" The allusion is pregnant, and shows great
thou the editor. Ministers beware !—the recollection, al-
iglls,bitter, bears a prophetic character. Three members
4‘-"O reformed electors already unanimously declaring
allowed to
a-a"lat whir, policy, and no one, (poor Sir G. Lewin !) no one
the Sly-- a word; in its defence. If these beginnings of
new constituency progress, I anticipate, after the sacrifice
~alluded to by the Globe, a good and cheap government, under the
~ Patriotic firm of Messrs. Cobbett, O'Connell and Co., besides
'the enjoyment of liberty which has hitherto been only a name,
a tame by which John Bull has been deluded and ruined. The
Lord Mayor and, the meeting, it seems, were in great good bu-
ttons, which, I fear, will not be the case with ministers when
ley reflect on the fate of Aeteon thus kindly and judiciously
brought under their consideration. I hope the 'Globe's hounds
are not blood-bounds. The conservatives of all denominations
will see, in these proceedings, as well as in those of the elec-
tors and elected in Ireland, new grounds for a bona fide sup-
Port of Lord Grey's administration. If we could not preserve
the old constitution, let us unite in preserving the new, until
".Perience shall point out its practical defeets,that experience
will be furnished by the new House of Commons,—that house
Can alone protect us from the worst of evils--democratic ty-
rn4y.
C.
January 23, 1833.

pilk THIEF STOLEN.—The following curious occurrence took
il'ee a few days ago in the Forest of Fontainebleau. An old
ge tad
4tger that had bee used a long time at a retired post of
arnaes stationed nin the forest, becoming
.almost worn out
ea the service, was tethered in a fertile spot, with the hope that
re-
store and the freshness of the grass might in some degree re-
-14,,re his exhausted strength. A. thief, pursued by the police,
tinutog in with the old campaigner, mounted his back, and
Pe't by his means to effect his escape. All the exertions,
th:ever, the fugitive could make were not sufficient to induce
tLe animal to take the desired road, who galloped away through
,u forest till lie arrived at his old quarters, and deposited his
l'iretrh e in Love hands of his masters the gendarmes, wiko de-
ed him rto justice.--French Paper. . .

Mr. W A RBURTON said that, in balancing the merits of the
two hon. gentlemen who had been proposed, he considered that
the hon. member for Staffordshire (Mr. Littleton), being more
vigorous in health (laughter), would be more competent to fill
the duties of the office. It; however, the right hon. gentleman
was re-elected, it Would be his (Mr. W.'s) duty to bring forward
a motion for rescinding the pension granted, to the right him.
gentleman.
Mr. C. M. SUTTON then addressed the house, thanking them
for the honor done him in entertaining the proposition of his
filling the office of Speaker. He assured them that his political
.opinions never had, during the 16 years that he had held the
office, nor ever should, in the event of his being again replaced
in it, interfere with his discharge of his duties as Speaker.
(Great cheering.)
Mr. METHUEN wished it to be clearly understood, before the
.house went to a vote, whether the right hon. gentleman, if
re-elected, would be entitled to receive the retiring pension of
£4OOO a year, as well as the salary of £6OOO.
' Mr. C. M. SUTTON said he believed it to be impossible that
an individual occupying the chair could be entitled to a single
shilling voted as a retiring pension. (Hear, hear.) That he
believed to have been the intention of the legislature when it
passed the act of last session; and whatever might be the legal
construction of the act, it was his firm determination not to
receive a farthing of the pension whilst he had the honor to fill
the chair. (Good cheering, and cries of " question.")
Strangers were then ordered to withdraw, and the house
divided, when the numbers were
For Air. Manners Sutton, 241
Mr. Littleton,

Majority, .... 210
A discussion afterwards ensued on the question, whether,
under the act of last Parliament, the right hon. gentleman was
entitled to receive both his retiring pension and his official sa-
lary as Speaker,
Mr. O'CONNELL and HUME maintaining that he was,
while

Lord ALTHORP, the ATTORNEY-GENERAL, and the SOLIC

THE ETTE sex SHEPHERD.—On Friday upwards of sixty gen-
tlemen gave an elegant dinner, in the National Hotel, Regis-
ter-street, to the Ettrick Shepherd, in celebration os his birth-
day—J. W. Ord, Esq. in the chair; M. S. Milton, Esq. a young
English student officiated as croupier. The health of the
Shepherd was proposed in eloquent terms by the Chairman.
Mr. Hogg, in returning thanks gave an interesting account,
with hisusual naivette, of his early days. It had been said that
he was notborn on that day (the 2Mh) but he had the word of his
mother and the writing in his father's bible to support him in the
belief that he was in reality born on the same day that gave
birth to Burns. The health of Mr Moore, Mr. Wordsworth,
Mr. Campbell, and a variety of other toasts, connected with li-
terature and the arts, were drank with all the honours. Mr.
Hogg and other g_entlemen present enlivened the meeting with
various excellent bcottishsongs, and the evening was spent with
great pleasure and conviviality.—Edinburgh Advertiser.
SINGULAR WAGER.—A bet was made on the 9th instant, for
two sovereigns, between Mr. Margarson, of Weasenham Up-
house, and Mr. D. Cooke, of Great Massingham, Norfolk, that
Mr. Margarson would find one woman out of two who should
pull, top, and tail 12 loads of turnips in one day. The task
was accomplished on the 16th instant 133 r the two women in less
than the time appointed, both leaving the tield before dark, one
pulling 14 loads and the other 131, one tumbril holding 39
bushels, and the other 381 Mr. Margarson gave the winnings
to the women.—County Chronicle.

TRADE OF LivunPoot..—We are gratified in being able to
announce that the custom's duties received at this port during
the last year have amounted nearly to the sum of £4,000,000,
being an excess over the year preceding of £325,000 ; and when
we state that this increase in the local reveuue exceeds the im-
provement noted in the same branch of the national revenue,
the fact furnishes a charming proof of the prosperity of the town.
The increase upon the entire receipts of the country was only
£223,167.

FIRE Poucs.—lt has long been a matter of regret, that no
establishment should have been formed in Liverpool, for the
prevention and better extinction of fires. This is a subject in
which all the inhabitants are interested. The matter has been
frequently discussed, and in the year 1828, when it was expected
a fire-police would have been established, the Commissioners of
the Watch procured a clause to be inserted in a local act, em-
powering them to lay a rate of one-halfpenny in the pound for
its support, but after several meetings the object was abandoned,
in consequence of the fire-office companies having declined to
contribute any thing towards the expense of the establishment.
The late destructive fire in Lancelet's-hey has again brought
the subject under discussion. A meeting has been held of de-
putations from the Commissioners of the Watch and the Fire
office agents, and we are glad to learn that a cordial co-opera-
tion may now be expected from all the parties interested. in the
question, and we have no doubt the result will be the estathisii-
ment of an effective fire-police.
Additional subscriptions received for the relief of those poor
families who suffered at the late fire in Lancelot's-hey and
Union-street—
Messrs. John Vanzeller .
-Edward Moon
Joseph Shipley
Wm. Smith . •
Thos. Bouch •
Robt. Gill . •
C. B. Buchanan
Wm. Tarbet
W. Latham . •
M 'Andrew and Co.
Robert Preston .
H. Stolterfolt
T. W. Smith and Co.
Edward Franceys
- Geo. and J: Smith
R. Dirom .
F. Gouthwaite

£1 0 0
1 0 0
1,0 0
1 0 0
1 0 0
10.0
0 10 0
1 0 0
1 0 0
1 0 0
2 0 0
1 0 0
1 0 0
1 0 0
1, 0 0
100(

0,
Is ,
V
n
t
;1.
l : .
n:
THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD. 163
. . .
coralEsP ON I) EN CE. Emperial Vat' tam nit. . TOR-GENERAL heid the contrary. At length the SOLICITOR-
GENERAL begged leave, for the information of the house, and LONDON LATEST NEWS.
• to put an end altogether to the- legal cavils of the hon. and Wednesday Evening, Half-past Seven o'clock.
ACTIONS FOR LIBEL. ASSEMBL ING OF THE NEW PARLIAMENT. learned member for Dublin, to read from the act for regulating A very great sensation has been created among the West
the salary of Speaker, which he held.in his hand, the provisions Indian body here, by a-general idea that Government is about
THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD. TUESDAY EVENING, JAN. 29. under which, in the event of a dissolution of parliament, the to make the question of negro emancipation a cabinet measure.
-Do you notice the hobble your contemporary of Satur- Both houses of Parliament assembled this day. It was ex-. individual holding that office was entitled to. receive the salary This has been current for the last few days, and a deputation
po,ected. that the business would have commence attached to it " till a Speak.
se
is chosen in the new parliament." connected. with the colonies accordingly waited upon Earl Grey,
Ls got himself into, in publishing a report implicating his clock but it was half-past two before the Lord Chancellor (Hear, hear.) Under this provision, therefore, Air. Manners :to ascertain whether there was any truth in the rumour. The
ess favourite in a black transaction at Preston, for which, arrived; immediately after which his lordship, with Lords Sutton, the Speaker of the last Parliament, is, and will be, en- Premier, it is strange to say, dectined giving the information
Journal's account, he was certainly, on "crowner's quest Grey, Auckland, Lansdown, and the Duke of Richmond, took titled to his salary till his successor be appointed (hear); and, required, although the parties so applying had their property at
their seats on the woolsack as Lords Commissioners, and the under the provisions of the act of last session, by being thus en- stake upon the issue, and were naturally most anxious upon the
put into the kick-up for nothing less than murder ! Well
Lord Chancellor directed the Usher of the Black Rod to sum- titled to his salary, he is not, and cannot be, entitled to claim matter. The inference from this is, that some project is to be
le law on libel be looked into, and that speedily, if we mon the attendance of the Members of the Honse of Commons. or receive his retiring money. (" Hear, hear,"'and " Enough.") -brought forward forthwith ; and it is even added that the anti
be called on to suffer damages for a publication like this. In a few minutes a considerable number of the new members The question. was then put by the Clerk-" That the right .slavery party are not only acquainted, but are also satisfied with
lis is not the sole onus: the comlainant had to thank having appeared before the bar, the Royal Commission was hon. Charles Manners Sutton do take the chair of this house it. This has increased the anxiety of the planters, as they na-
pread , , as Speaker" (great cheers, and about five or six "Nos "), and aurally think that if this faction is agreed to the project, it ean-
2outemporary for several kind and flattering notices of The Lord Chancellor then said, •was agreed to with all but unanimous acclamation. . .not but be most inimical to their interests. We have heard,
I the Journal,-" et to Brute." It is to be hoped, though, "MY Lords and Gentlemen, The right hon. gentleman was accordingly led to the chair from what we consider good.authority, that one portion of this
xe " good-natured friend" who forwarded to the noseless "We are commissioned by his Majesty, to inform you, that by Lord- Morpeth and Sir. F. Burdett, his proposer and se- scheme is to prohibit the sale of any slave from oft the property
P. the number containing the account of his mutilation as soon as the members of both houses of parliament have conder. he at present belongs to. This will not materially affect the
been sworn, and other necessary preliminaries transacted, his The SPEAKER then addressed the house from the chair :-In planters; the loss accruing from it will be chiefly sustained by
icarceration, will also send the other containing the re- Majesty will attend, and state in person the reasons that have endeavouring to express to the house my grateful thanks for those who let out their slaves as task-gangs; the. clamour going
lation of past services, as I rather doubt that the offended induced his Majesty' to summon his parliament at this time. the honour which it has conferred on me, by placing me for so far as to prohibit their being employed upon any but the
man is aware of this fact, and trust he will stay further The gentlemen of the House of Commons will repair to the the seventh time in this chair, I have only to hope, that by estates they belong to. But more important matter, in copse-
-18, seeing the horror the Journal has of going into court, Biceril
el aziooinn te
octl.
afosrptehaeki re
speaker,
Sittig and
te
1 yimwililledpiaretesleyntptrooceuesdotnn .nadoenresntaenettaottenrutio
its Ines taonict So rridgehrtsS
i!,.yn and Et vhi 'az ense,—thbeyb
business
ius teesasdoyf rill ineAs.c e
It
tf
itsh Premiersea(liei t loovgmdmmtie mood, remain,
has
determined
to unknownat b
jets
-
Le triflilly damages any jury would award in a case like Thursday next, at two o'clock in the day, for his Majesty's the public can be beneficially transacted,-and by the utmost project into opiration for a period of three years} at the eixpira-
aprobation." courtesy to every member of this House, and by my invariable tion of which, if the slaveowners find their losses have been of
IS, I confess, a little surprised to find our cautious friend The committee then withdrew and the house was cleared readiness to afford every information I possess, and every fa- a nature to
demand cempensation, the question will be enter-
for prayers. ' cility for theproinotion of public business in my power, I shall tamed by the minister. the affair, altogether, had caused an
'a, with Dicky Sam's knowledge-box at his service, after HOUSE OF COMMONS. be fortunate eirough to obtain from the House the same con- ' extraordinary degree of excitement anieng all connected with
Corded experience of the damage sustained by the liberal gan to assemble shortly after twelve o'clock
The Members be fidence which it has, been my good forttiue to. obtain from the West Indies.
cry in meddling with character, in an illegal, though per- and by one the body of the house was completely filled. Mr its six predecessors. (Cheers.) We have had late amounts from Calcutta tosdays Sales of .
LordAertione then moved the adjournment of the house till piece goods to a considerable amount had been made, and long
disinterested and charitable manner. The -cases were Cobbett was one of the first in attendance. The honourable
Thursday next, (yesterday). . cloths were rather more inquired after. Woollen goods were
memberencs took his seat exactly in the middle of the Treasury
SG notorious, by appeals to the humane, in the form of sub-h (the place generally occupied by some one of the As the SPEAKER was about to put the question of adjourn- very dull. Metals were heavy- sale. The freights from London
ion-books, and contributions gratefully acknowledged by ministers for cie.ad weight was £5 10s. to £6 per ton, and for light weight.,
e',) and we understand freely expressed his determine- ment,
, that they were pointed at and chalked over the town, tion regularly to occupy the same seat. Mr. CORBETT rose, and said he had a few more observations £5 10s. to Lb 10s. Bullion was i per cent.
' try Hunt, Warren, or Turner." But these meddling jays The -house was summoned at half-past two o'clock by the to make. We have accounts from Jamaica, which furnish us with the
House of Lords to hear the Commission read. Upon this announcement the members on both sides the reply of the House of Assembly to the message of the Governor
'e pecking, and now the trap's down on another witless On the return of the members from the House of Lords, Mr. house rose, and, bowing to the chair, made a general move respecting the rebuilding of the places of worship destroyed in
er. towards the door, the late tumult. It is as follows :-
" Parce, precor, parce." HUME asked if it was the intention of his Majesty's Ministers
fun of the thing, too, to see the jealousy of these Re- make any alteration in the retiring pension of Mr. Manners Mr. COBBETT resumed his seat. "May it please your Excellency.-The House have taken into
Sutton. The question, that the house do adjourn till Thursday next, their serious consideration your Excellency's second message
rs and sticklers for the freedom of the subject and theof the '2oth instant, and have to express their extreme reg;et
Lord ALTHORP said the hon. member was out of order in -(yesterday) was then agreed to. -
tlat lawless violence should have subjected private property to
when it makes a little free with their monopoly ! Here putting this 'question? as he must know that, before members The 'following are the names of those who voted for Mr.
uestruction ; but the dreadful calamity which has recently
at, of matchless fame, "running a-muck" with a liberal were sworn, they could only proceed with the - _Littleton, against Mr. Manners Sutton, as given by the Morn-
befallen the island, has caused such an extension of suffering
for noticing him in a corner of a paper so briefly, that ELECTION OF A SPEAKER. ing Chronkle :-
LIST OF THE MINORITY to individuals as to be beyond the rower of the House to
li Ido pay much attention to your brethren of the press, Mr. HcME then, in a long address, proposed Mr. Littleton as Of Thirty-one (as correctly as the same couldbe procured), who voted relieve, as the House have not the means to afford compensa-
N to improve my style, so that an occasional contribu- a fit and proper person to fill the chair in that house. His that E. J. Littleton, EN., the member for Staflordshire, should take tian to all who have been the victims of insubordination. It
the Chair of the house, instead of the Right Hon. Charles M. Sutton. would be an act of injustice to select a few and indemnify
vith which you honour me by admittance into your columns, objection to the re-appointment of Mr. Sutton was, that that
_(;Majority of 241.) them, while others, equally entitled to the most favourable
gentleman entertained contrary political opinions to • those of
)e deemed not unworthy the notice of such clever journal- Baldwin, Dr. H., Cork City I Nagle, Sir B. Westmeath consideration of the House, remain without relief. The House,
the majority of that-the first reformed House of Commons.
ad their friends, and so extend, if in a trifling; degree, Another objection was that, if that right hon. gentleman Were Beatetrk, Major A. W:, Surrey I O'Connell, Dan., Dublin City therefore, deem it necessary' to leave the pro rietors of the
nrculatioti; I declare I really did not notice the paragraph, re-appointed, he would receive not only the salary of the Bowes, - I O'Connell, Maurice, Meath C.
O'Connell, Morgan, Tralee ' chapels and' buildings devoted to religious purposes, which have
been destroyed, to their remedy at law, against the parties who
but for the "good-natured friend," Ido think but few office, but his pension of £4OOO a year. On the score of economy, Bulwer, E. L. Lincoln City O'Connell, John. Voughall
therefore, there was no reason to support the right hon. gentle- ,' Kilkenny' Potter, Richard, 'Wigan committed the outrage."
it certainly not) ever would. Then there is Cobbett, who Butter, Hon.
Oldham Roebuck, J. A., Bath There has been some degree of animation in the Consol-mar-
man. (Hear hear.)
pared none-even King Dan, Westminster's pride, Bott Mr. O'CoNN' ELL seconded the motion. Dyke, F. L. 8., Cockermouth Roe, Tames, Cashell ket since our last report, and the tendency has been in favour
Ewart, William, 'Liverpool I Roche, Wm., Limerick City of an advance. This morning the price of Consols for acct.
1, Tom Potter, or Tom Paine : the last he could not even Lord MORPETH, after an eloquent eulogy of the right hon. Faithfull, G., Brighton I Romilly John, Bridport was 88!, as, and at the close of business this afternoon, 88% ii.
St in his grave. Cobbett is moving the court for judgment gentleman, who had so ably presided over their proceedings for Fielden, W. J., Oldham I Sutton, Right Hon. Charles M.
sixteen years, concluded by proposing the right hon Charles Gfote, George, London I Cambridge University was the quotation. Exchequer Bills incline upward and 46 to
?acre as to the possibility of an uncertificated bankrupt, Manners Sutton, as speaker of drat house. (Great cheering.) ia.s e ,Daniel,.Wakefield
-0 .k 11 •
ihe is not, sitting in Parliament. Like the sailor who Sir F. BURDETT seconded the nomination of the right hon. huult-ir „vkqieaph,
Hull
I Vigors, N. A., Carlow We have had a very unexpected advance in Colombian Stock,
which after having remained for months at the nominal price of
'lowa into the air while witnessing the tricks of a conjuror, gentleman, in a neat speeth in which he paid a well-merited KlnlOch, George, Dundee - Teller.
compliment to the zeal, ability, and diligence of Mr. Sutton Lloyd, J. B. Stockport . 10 to 11, has suddenly risen to 13% 14%, for which improve-
an accidental explosion of powder, which he took to be a Warburton, Henry, Bridport ment we are unable to assign any reason, excepting ,that a few
II of during the time that he filled the chair, concluding by expressin
the performance, lam inclined to exclaim, after this, his opinion that there was no other member in that house so well Lyuc:., A. H., Galway
purchases have been made. Chilean bonds are Eatc,el7 as and
- some bargains' have been done in them since we last wrote.
aver my timbers, what will the mountebank do next!" qualified for the office.
is same law of libel is certainly ant thing but clearly de- Mr. LITTLETON assured the house that he stood before them 'DOMESTIC. Spanish Stock is tolerably firm at 16 as Th.
The Sharp-market has evinced more life during the last
as an unwilling candidate for the office of speaker • and he sin-
• It was decided, or judged, which you please, the other nem, his friends few days than for a length' of time. Auglo-Mexican Mine
y trusted that
thatsix-
Shares are £ll 10 to £l2 10, and United were £8 10 to £9 10.
you may lawfully call a person a "Man Friday," vote. (Applause.) tieth year ou Sunday last. . The accounts from the Mines are said to be of a more favour-
her he be aggrieved at it or no, because Robinson Crusoe's Mr. O'CONNELL hoped his hon. friend would not withdraw Earl Grey has presented the vacant stall at St. Paul's to the abler nature 'than for some-time.
his motion. This was only another instance of the paltry. truck
Friday is described, iu the annals of Mr. Daniel Defoe,Reverend Dr. Tate, many years master of the celebrated gram-
ling of the present administration The people had Westminster Wednesday Evening.
Y servant; ergo, no man can in reason complain of struggling alinost to rebellion - alinost to revolution tobeenput mar school at Richmond, Yorkshire. The new residentiary.
The news in this part of the metropolis' is not so explicit 'or
called a faithful servant. Very logically settled! I re- down Toryism, and to get rid of the Tory faction; and yet tlie w a(s),tirwerebalieervse,wTotre
atonliaN,ltohf ,thatittansuorbel p
the
_a
U' oll'aismeril?a.tive satisfactory as might be expected at the commencement of a
House of Commons was about, as the first step to the extinc-new Parliament. The intended proceedings of Government
Lber me of a learned young logician, on his return home dinner, at Edinburgh, in honour of Sir G. Clerk,.on Wednes-
banks of the Cam or Isis, (I forget me of the locality, tion of Toryism, to lace a Tory in its chair. He therefore day, was most numerously attended. The speeches delivered were generally, in olden times, communicated in some demi-
theprobated in ltinine against this proceeding. He believed the official shape. or other to the nation ; an.d. every portion of
on the occasion show that Toryism, loyalty, and patriotism, are
eemporte,) attempting to convince his ignorant dad that a right hon. gent. had already received, for two quarters ending the public had thus means afforded it of anticipating and guard-
not et extinct in Scotlandee-G/asgew Courier.
s-chesnut was the same as a chesnut horse, and when teas- the sth of Oct. and the sth of Jan., the amount of his pension, against any measures injurious to its particular concerns.
the grant of which-E4OOO per annum to himself and E3OOO per tL.. Francis Bar'ing the member for Thetfo'rd, has just mar- in"
Ttiere is now an unusualalegree of uncertainty, and, I may add,
the governor to purchase for him "an unter," was told to ried in Paris Mademoiselle' Clare, daughter of the Duke of
annum on another life-was a gross abuse of the public purse:of gloom hanging over some of the most vital interests of the
di under the tree for a chesnut, and ride that. Basset)°, with whom, it'is said, he has received 'a Yen' consider-
The right hon. gentleman, it was true, had given good services able fortune.-Court Journal. ' . country., The -West India•planters are in a state of great alarm
Youricontemporaries ever deign to regard the contributions for his salary-he had been tasked holder than a factory child at the rumours which prevail respecting the intention of mini-
Extract of a letter from a Member of the House of Commons
'tar correspondents, perhaps in the assurance that Ido read -but was there any family in the empire that had received so '
ain quest of information, in admiration of their acquire- much of the public money for no service whatever? The pen- -29th Jan. o'clock-" Manners Sutton has been elected intentions of Government, one thing is certain, that the plant-
by 241 to 31:-.--Cobbett spoke : he will not do." .
sion s however, having been once recognised, would as the law ers have no distinct informational what such intentions area -
ist in deference gentleman's .. EXPLOSION OF THE OIN DER-MILLS AT, ARTFORD.-. very This becomesthe more a matter of comp am ~ 1. be
to their authority, in good humour, they stood, go on for the natural term of the right hon.
oblige life except in the event of his taking office from his Majesty; curious effect was produced at the explosion which took place true,ns reported, that the abolitionists are in full poxseision of
me with a vocabulary (from vocabularium) of such
Is and the law, as it stood, would enable the right hon. gentle- On Mondays . The windows of a house situated half a mile north the views of the Government. On the subject tureh pro-
wherewith they may be lawfully accommodated (from man to retain both pension and salary, if he pleased. Upon of the mills were blown out on the side furthest from them. perry, a similar silence is observed ; but if my conjectures be
'arriodol as I sh
s, -ould feel sorry to offend either personally or these grounds he objected to the Placing of the right hon. gen- The shutters of the room were shut, and the panes of glass were right, this will form a prominent part in the King's speech: so -
satively; and I wish to help them to such dishes only as tlenaau in the chair of that reformed House of Commons, carried on to the lawn fifteen or twenty feet ; one of the panes ' will the general state of Ireland, more particularly the wretched
aost palatable, as well as may be legally declared allow- The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said he supported the had only a piece broken off one corner. The windowi acing condition of the, working classes in that country. For the des-
• Irish there will beproposed a
re-election of the right hon. gentleman on the grounds of his the mills were not broken. . The effect must have been produced titute legal provision, and, strange
; until, by the remonstrances of the Journal and Mercury, long experience, and great facility in transacting the public by the air in the house forcing" its way through the windows to as it may appear to some, the principal opposition to it will be
to comnlete the number of the a
b s
els be put on a secure footing, and such notices as the one the learned member for Dublin on such a question, but he cer- paper out of the packing-room were carried to Bexley and vilege of representing the wants and wishes of the Irish popula-
:h tainly did think that hon. member mistaken in his' construe- Eltham, some sheets almost perfect.-Literary Gazette. tion. You will notice, that in the debate of last night, there
~. has stirred up the Journal may pass current, when, I
_ tiou of the Act of Parliament granting the late Speaker's pen- FATAL AFFRAY wrrii SMUGGLERS.—On Thursday se'n- was not a remark fell from either of the conservative party.-
'', any of us may take the libert to write •
Y anything we • That This is accounted for in various ways: some will have it that
ISE) * sion. pension did not commence until the right hon. night a dreadful affray happened at Eastbourne, between a
...eel ours, &c. gentleman ceased to be Speaker. (Mr. O'Connell:-"lt has large party of smugglers, nearly 400 in number, and the pre- assurances -have been held out by the Government of their in-
' Peet, Jan. 28, 1833. FID ELIS. commenced.") The hon. and learned member seemed to ventive service stationed at Portsmouth. About two o'clock, tentions to resist all further innovations. Others will. have it
labour under the general mistake that the right hon. gentle- a.m., a boat had landed, and was delivering her cargo, when that the Cabinet is divided, and that overtures have been made
man ceased to be Speaker at the prorogation of the late Par- the coast-guard arrived on the spot, and a desperate conflict on the part of some of its members, to some of the most promi.
liament; whereas, the fact was, that it was not until the dis- ensued. After considerable firing on both sides, the smugglers nent gentlemen of the Tory party, and that it is at the option of
CITY OF LONDON MEETING.
solution of Parliament that he ceased to fill that office, and it were put to flight, but not before they had laid on 3 of the offi- these gentlemen to accept office if they please. It is, however,
To eaes. added, and there is some appearance of truth in this, that seve-
s Jaz EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD. was from that period, and not before, that his claim to the pen- veers dead upon the beach, and severely wounded three others.
L1{,.......i. . lion commenced The loss or injury sustained by the smugglers is not yet ascer- ral of the Conservatives declare their unwillingness to accept
It is amusing to read the commentaries of the sot-
office but proffer their support to the Government if they couM
ut lea • Lord ERR *and Mr. .TE IN INGTON
ding newspapers of the day on the recent meeting of
,re-appointment of the right hon. gentleman.
The reports from the pistols, in the dead of the night excited but be assured that no revolutionary projects would he cncou-
electors raged by Ministers. I give you these statements as I hear
of London ;-one regards it with triumph, because Mr. COBBETT said, that hon. members seemed to him to have great alarm among the inhabitants. Telegraph.
fail totally mistaken the main consideration in this question. It s them, and leave your readers to judge of their authenticity.
a failure,-another laments the want of generosity in the A'ARLIAMENTARY QUALIFICATION. The Dublin Conserva-
tors h the fashion on occasions like this to talk largely The lion of last evening's debate was Mr. Cobbett, whose de-
towards the ministers, and both regard the absence of %sole:as limeary,lll.s C
it nabilities and fitness for the office, as if those were tires have resolved upon a petition to Parliament to increase meanour was so much like that of a gentleman that 1 did'not at
t.mercantile class as a stigma on the respectability of the the only things to be taken into the account, and the opinions tileooamouVheoffottuiunalificatoionieis
011..eqtlimiered)rionfcinlelmb)aesrssac,of the first recognise him. He made several attempts in the course of
ridicule
What ! the merchants who were lately held up to us and feelings of the people were to be altogether left out of con-
, "Thate. if the proprietygofisa qualification in respect passages
property,
the evening to address the House, but was on each occasion an-
i mule or abhorrence, are they now become, by the show- solf that house seßaumt naonwonatthey were about to put into the chair as to voters at elections, be (as it has been by the late reform tcieceiseatdet birsstonotetalinze practised and ready debater, who sue-
d the same whom, when they had placed him there, acts) fully admitted, the necessity of the persons elected pox- •11 g the ear of the House. When he rose
authority, an example for our imitation ? they could say to the people of England-" Look at that man,'at last, there was the most profound silence, and as much atten-
es this class, lately sotion was paid to him as I ever knew to be conceded to any
vituperated, now point out that con- he is the best man of us all," (laughter) what would the people sess i n g
ttt suitablees propertyttn blyarmskaitatyaetaff still
i bemcoornec
eeielent,
that and
tto the new electors, which is dictated by intelligence and say, if they should elect a man who, for a number of years, had Commons
in respect-to property of members of the House anyf maiden speech. His attitude was easy, and I may say almost
ofbeet
thefeeding upon the people themselves ? As to the pension ga.aceful, lais voice low, but distinct, and his delivery fluent and
tiotism ! What a pity that those two qualifications should Commons ought to exist, it should be a valuable and substan-
right honourable gentleman, the noble lord had en- •unembarrassed. His first point, though evidently premech-
tml, and not a low or virtually nominal one. That at the period
e deserted them in their meditations on the Dutch war ! tirely mistaken the construction of the Act of Parliament.fated, was expressed with apparent diffidence, and during ten
wh
ithe presentoualifications for memberstowerefixed at £6OO minutes he seemed to
.gain greatly upon the attention of the
Chaps the best comment on the meeting is to be found in the It was a pension of £4,000 a-year to the late Speaker ; and if and
y'lection of the ministerial Globe,-" Acteon destroyed by he should be again elected to-day, that pension would not cease, • respectively, freehold_ property that_
.amnunt.was
equivalent to, and would now be valued at, more than five times House but he lapsed into irrelevance, and commenced speak-
5,4, but as the learned member for Ireland -gatP u ht foi in "registers." Theilouse soon manifestedmtoms of im-
:t .4 hounds !" The allusion is pregnant, and shows great all parts of ' the house )-as the learned (-nr h d 1 for Dublin those sums. That the necessity of a corresponding change as patience, and he himself discovered that he must still 1 nge •
4 11,1 the editor. Ministers beware !-the recollection, al- had said, there must be' another Act' of Pal rlilanmeelit ()to refound to the qualifications of voters, in reference to the altered value 'continue' the artifice of modesty, in order to secure himself an
et
g,,,,4 bitter, bears a prophetic character. Three members it. If the ministers could drive a bargain in this instance so as (IT property, has been,t so late. astheyear.lB29, fullyi admittedqualification by hearing. It is quite clear that he is determined to take a large
to set aside an Act of Parliament, he should hope' to call upon parliament, who in
ofhat year. fixed the. minimum
_.as share in the debates, as he frequently, during the evening,
, i-ItXl reformed electors already unanimously declaring them to drive many other bareains of the same sort. But
to afterwards rose to speak; and actually
eas .stead of 405., the rate established at a more remote period. That
t Who, policy, and no one, (poor Sir G. Lewin !) no one fact was that the thingcouldonly be done
/seed to ' - ' on similar principles, and for these and other reasons, your pe-*tion of the number of members that this is so • methmg more ,
say a word in its defence. If these beginnings of Parliament. titioners humbly submit that the foregoins,
_e• acts ought to be than came
new COn t:
twoM hon.l. WARBURTON said that, in balancing the merits of thet his
o share, and my own impression is, that "when
cons tit progress, I anticipate, after the sacrificeamended, and time sums of £3OOO and £l5OO respectively sub-
aded to b ,gentlemener forwito had been proposed, he considered that he indulges more in the elm cise of his natural violence he
) the Globe, a good and cheap government, under the the
hon niemstituted instead of the sums therein mentioned."-Globe.
Staffordshire (Mr. Littleton), being more „ ~ will find 1.) ut little favour in the House.
tiotic firmof IHE r,TTR ICK SHEPHERD.—On Friday upwards of sixty gen-
Messrs. Cobbett, O'Connell and Co , besides vigorous in health (laughter), would be more competent to fill
ena ment of • the duties of the office. If, however, the right hon. gentleman tlemen gave an elegant dinner, in the ational Hotel, Regis-
J Y liberty which has hitherto been only 'a
name FIRE PoLicE.-It has long been a matter of regret, that no i
ante by which John was re-elected, it Would he his (Mr. W.'s) duty to bring forward ter-street, to the Ettrick Shepherd, in celebration os his birth-
Bull has been deluded and ruined. The' a motion for rescinding the pension eranted to the right bun day-J. W. Ord, Esq.in the chair; MS. Milton E-so a young should have been formed in Liverpool, for the
establishment.
rd Mayor and, the The Health .' revention and better extinction of fires. This is a subject in
meeting it ms were in great good hu- gentleman. " - - - Englishstudent
seems were
✓ which, I fear, •
'a , will not be the case with ministers when Mr. C. M. SUTTON then addressed the house, thanking them Shepherd was proposed in eloquent terms by the Chairman. ydiscussed, am the yearlB2B, when was expected
;y 1 in it
'Y reflect on the fate for the honor done him in entertaining the proposition of his Mr. Hogg, in returning thanks gave an interesting account, a fire-police would have been established, the Commissioners of
of Actean thus kindly and judiciously
, . filling the office of Speaker. He assured them that his political with hisusual naivette, of his early days. It had been said that the Watch procured a clause to be inserted in a local act, ern-
slight under their consideration.
I hope the Glabe s hounds ,opinions never had, during the 16 years that he had held the he was notborn on...his father thatchic (the lath) but he had the word of his powering them to lay a rate of one-halfpenny in the pound for'
not blood-hounds. The conservatives ofall denominationsoffice, should, • the ' bible him • ape
mother and the writing in is father s to support in
nor ever in event of his being again its support, but after several meetings the object was abandoned,
LI see, in these proceedings, asin it, interfere with his discharge of his duties as Speaker.replacedbelief that he was in reality born on the same day that gv in consequence of the fire-office companies having declined -
well as
in those of the elec-
1 and elected in Ireland, new (Great cheering.) birth to Burns. The health of Mr Moore, Mr. Wordsworth, contribute any thing towards the ex t°
peuse of the establishment.
grounds for a bona fide sup-and a variety of other toasts, connected with li- T
tt of Lord Grey's administration, _
01101sr. METHUEN wished it to be clearly understood, before the Mr. Cam
the arts, were drank with all the honours. Mr. he late destructive fire in Lancelet's-hey has again brought
If we could not preserve h e went to a vote, whether the
.right hon. gentleman, if terature andthe subject under discussion. A meeting has been held of de-
= old constitution, let us unite in : and other entlemen present enlivened the meeting with
.preserving the new, until re-elected, would be entitled to recei •le the retiring pension of 14°Sg ',' Scottishsongs, and the evening was spent with office
from the Commissioners of the 'Watch and the Fire
Perience shall point out its practical defects ' £4OOO a year, as well as the salary of £6OOO. various excellent . office agents, and we .
are glad to learn that a cordial co-opera-
-11 ,-that experiencegreat I sure and conviviality.-Edinburgh Advertiser.
be furnished by the new House of Commons Alr. C. M. SUTTON said he believed it to be impossible that p_ea tion may now be expected from all the parties interested. in the
donthe 6 h instant, for Commons,-that house '
,-t t an. individual occupying the chair could be entitled to a single SINOULAR WAGER.-A bet waso.ma en
._ % _ tants...or question, and we have no doubt the result will be the estathisii-
-1 alone protect us from the worst of evils-democratic t -
y shilling voted as a retiring pension. (Hear, hear.) That he two sovereigns, between Mr. Mar arso of Weasenham U
, n ? P- ment of an effective fire-police.
111.1 y, believed to have been the intention of the legislature when it house, and Mr. I.L. Cooke, of Great Massingham, Norfolk, that Additional subscription -
/ C.s received for the relief of those poor
passed the act of last session; and whatever might be the legal Mr. Margarson would find one. woman out of two who should
rtlictry 23, 1833. families who suffered at the late fire in Lancelot's-hey and
tail 12 loads ot turni s in one day. T
-----es.ses''''''''"'''''•• construction of the act, it was his firm determination not to pull, top, and p , he task Uttion-street- •
="1•""'''---
receive a farthing of the pension whilst he had the honor to fill was accomplished on the 16th instant by the two women in less
A m___ -, Messrs. John Vanzeller . . . £1 0 0
- , ii---:,,,, ~,,,...ii. rs.,-..-_ . ..i.._ ~....:_ rn..„..1 ..i.,,,..;...- „,„4 ~..;.. ~c ~ -,,,,,;,,„ ~‘ than the time both leaving the field before
appointed, . ..... .
..
.. dark, one Edward- Moon . . . 1 0 -0_
--_
