TuEsDAY mon_vixG, JULY 9, 1833.

We have received Montreal papers to 9th June. The
Of England, Scotland, and Ireland, in the shape of
pc,„"`uhtlitarY emigrants, the best part of our labouring
Vation, were fast pouring-into these northern colonies.
ith
some emigrants from Limerick the good people of
Que}'ec had imported the chOlera morbits, which had
ec esshmed some alarm at first, but which, we are happy
to
add, had subsided when the last accounts came away.
thev e have also New York papers to the 16th June, but
,itiY are unusually barren of intelligence. The worthy
varzehs of that place were entertaining themselves with
thet°llB spectacles of intense'interest. These were, first,
thvisit of General JACKSON to New York, who entered
e eltYin slate, drawn by six noble gray steeds, amid
o,44leclamations of the delighted inhabitants. Had these
3:8 been cream-coloured, and of Arabian breed, the
nadir would have looked still more kingly. The Amer--
eati d() their best and ape us well, but they are not quite
qt,
The
in these matters.
le second spectacle was the arrival of " Black Hawk
and de' Party:, " The streets, wharfs, and vessels in the
Gag the of the landing place," says the New York
te, Were completely crowded with an anxious
ti,r'ace, all desirous of having a first look at this dis-
lktrished warrior." The precise nature of the specu-
qq°,n which has brought the Black Hawk to the first city
6'! republic is not stated, but we would advise his
thess to order a gOod look out to be kept on his
it,itlng' grounds during his absence. The third grand
Vreit was the ascension of a balloon, in honour of the
iihisident and the Black Hawk. The latter made a sen-
II °l3'ervation on the occasion. On being asked what
e thought of the ascension, he replied—" That man is a
treat brave--don't
think he will ever get back l"

We
to ti
have been favoured with a file of Sydney papers
Itthahe, 34 of March. The colony is flourishing, but its
tree'tants are restless and disaffected in the highest de-
Peetii. evils almost inseparable from a people of such a
illibelar "order." In that land of thieves the word
that t-hrtY" is in almost every man's mouth ; we suspect
1141 Y have too much liberty already. Some of the
PitraBPß 6 aPe appear to be written by tried men. The
-e°loey smacks of the Old Bailey.

The
NI, accounts of the produce of the revenue for the
eh and the quarter ended the sth instant, will be found
4'where. It will be seen that there is a decrease of
the:sl on the quarter, and an increase of £569,703 on
thYear. It is somewhat singular, that although the last
kis gaarteis have exhibited a decrease, still it has been so
41:aged that the pioduce for the whole year shows an
ease• How this crone it is not for us to say.
thTiltt
revenue of the Post-office shows an increase upon
119tlarterof no less than £41,000. This we suspect
been obtained by means of. the new patent spy screw.
411,0, the opening of parcels, the peeping into letters,
k"-he employment of honest informers, has been a pro-
-14 le speculation, which reflects infinite credit upon the
jealous persons • concerned.
%ell the assessed taxes there is also an increase upon
lire Year of £85,039. is this a proof that these taxes
Inore . freely paid, or that the number of inhabited
aes and windows has increased ? Far from it. The
toiler uas also been applied in this department, and. the
Ikt ;tars have been lavish of their surcharges. Poverty
111144
stood in the way of extorting money by the
ig
Noltb process. But the evil will cure itself. Lord AL-
Nis; has contrived to make this mode of taxation so
'll-3' that. it must very soon be abandoned altogether.
Nit! Excise. is the only touchstone by which the real
he. 4611 of the middle and working classes can be
hap died, and here we find a sad falling off. On the
tide there is a decrease of £218,880, and on the quarter
LordrnPortitnlbly greater decrease of £133,740..,,H0w
tom 4411110aP is to provide for these deficiencies perhaps
1.1,0 "'Rote himself is unable to explain.
a the Whole the finances are in a very gloomy and
Whs. rteuing condition. As some reductions have taken
Itorile,t,e next quarter, we venture to predict, will be
ket is glan the last. Disguise it as some may, still the
Iketplii,leolltrovertible that the income of the country is
tilletha.; to the expenditure. We perceive that Exche•
t°llieelltiste the amount of £7,322,423 will be required
%%Il the charge upon the consolidated fund for the
1: inter
ended. In addition to all this, are the obliga-
ti4 tch
Lord ALTHORP has come under on the West
doerkbiiiii the Bank bill, the East India bill, the itinerant
Seci,„"inns, the Irish tithes, the new local courts, and
The' s'unittees of inquiry into elections and other matters.
eittir these last will be enormous. If the present
►noat Pass, upwards of thirty millions will ha to be
some means or other, before this day twPlve-
,lr. .And where are these millions to come from ?
ele .111T?LP. HARVEY has been instructed to put forth a
\kr t
111 the House of Coinmons about a property tax.
the Lle Whio• • impose Whigs that which they have censured in
14Nsi, gest terms, and which they extorted from Mr.
'TART in 1817 ? VS a shall see.

Itin• --,—.40---
tt, taters met with what the Times (which by.. the
~y
NI evi;alatiy ratting) calls an "ignoble defeat on
!Itp4rY ]as ratting)
The subject was Lord ASHLEY'S bill for the
ihe3sicn, or at least the regulation-of infantt slavery
noble
1,,,i factories, of England .and Scotland.
1.111 ti,1111.4(X1 that his bill be submitted to a comTmleittee of
titt"l"ole house, which, after a spirited debate, teas car-
ktii eaving ministers, the Manchester philanthropists,
ttle "b.% ' It
,The , i "-rotters," in a minority of Twenty-three.
kell "bate was the only honest one which has vet
tor , Place in the reformed parliament. The membersdi.
likti 11". haying the fear of a dissolution and the In :le
itali°4 bf their constituents before their eyes, burst
Wortllll (la of the ministry, and gave rein to sentiments..
414
iY of better times.
tAilltill the shabbiest, mearrnieest,cluestion, however, was
and most hypocriticaltand
ilie lib bY Lord ALTHORP, who had the bad
ttiek 1%1%10i-table stupidity to identify ministersta S.withe taste,
s the
cf
llit I,.,',,,frailds. cruelties, and blood-stained iniquities -
S—"()ners. In order to defeat Lord ASHLEY'Sb me.
Nalia" give a respite of another year
,to the o n
t,,,rtira and Mannnon-worshippers of the factories,tect
tatill.L.rll°lll) moved that the bill be referred to a 8 ''
kte., ittee to h
"'e appointed by himself. Had the house
kt4ged to this proposition the noble lord would have ta•
44:4re that no report would be presented during the
ite%ti• ti"sictl, now drawing near its close, and thus the
l'ori,ll4ient intentions of Lord ASHLEY and his friends
11,11111a,1,4" been evaded, and the hopes of thousands of
NI "eings miserably disappointed. It was a clumsy
'qe ~,' as an indecent fraud. It was so transparent, that
tittou'"Qat purblind of the ministerial adherents saw
611,-.111 it, and some of the most obsequious were corn-'
t° denounce it. In a house of upwaids of 300 '
et.' 164 voted against ministers, and only 141 for 1

them. ,This, howeVer,.: was on a Friday—unfortunate
day !—and it would not surprise us if the vote were re-
called on the succeeding Tuesday—t O-night!
The factory system has been under the consideration of
Parliament foi many years. It was considered by Mr.
SADLER'S comMittee, and a volume of evidence amount-
ing to 800 pages, containing the most heartrending de-
tails, was published at the expense of the country. This
evidence, however, .was not deemed satisfactory: The
millowners denied the facts, and offered to disprove them.
They were afforded an opportunity of doing so. A rov-
ing commission was fitted out in accordance with their
wishes at the national expense. A more inefficient, a
more partial, or a more invidious tribunal could not
have been organised. The object. in nominating these
commissioners, who were, for the most part, brief-
less ' lawyers, with whom pay was a greater object
than distinction, and patronage a higher incentive than
honour or renown, was delay in the first instance, and
delusion and mystification afterwards, on a subject on
which the minds of all thinking and charitable men had
been previously made up. But, as we have said before,
their designs were too manifest, their party predilections
too strong, their chicanery too obvious, and their mode
of procedure respecting evidence too glaring and disgust-
ing to be tolerated for a single moment by the parties
concerned. It is therefore not surprising that a commis-
sion formed of such materials should rather have increased
than diminished the abhorrence of the public towards a
.system the details of which had before made the blood run

cold, and had called down curses both loud and deep upon
the guilty authors and abettors of modern cruelty. The
commissioners soon found this to be the case. They dis-
covered
that they were deputed to do a deed of shame— 1
to throw a veil over crime—to soften the heavy and dark I
shades in the picture—to remove Manchester out of thel
proclaimed districts —andwhitewash MARK PHILLIPS and
others, so that they might, in the eyes or this nation of,
fools, appear pure as unsunned snow. This, however,
was more than the commissioners could do; but in order
to show how far mere cunning pays homage to truth, as
vice does to virtue, they all of a sudden became benevo-
lent to excess, and affected to have the interest of the in-
fant slaves more at heart than their real friends. They
recommended that no children under fourteen years
should be employed in the factories for a longer period
than eight hours a-day. Here was an admission with a
vengeance ! This was the unkindest cut of all ! The
mill-owners were condemned by the very persons who
were appointed for the express purpose of establishing
their innocence and extricating them from infamy. For
more than thirty years children, from seven years and up- '
wards, have worked in these factories from twelve to
eighteen hours per day. Why is it recommended that no
child underfourteen years shall be permitted to work more
than eight hours ? Why is this proposed by the mini-
sterial commissioners? Why ?—Oh, murder will out!—
Why ? For no other reason than the damning fact that
all that has been charged against the system was incon-
trovertible—all the allegations true—all the crime and
cruelty fully and irrefragably established! No set of
commissioners—no Set of men on earth would have dared
to recommend such an interdiction of labour, where the
young are concerned, and by which labour these infants
contribute to the emoluments of their parents, unless all
the charges against the system were indisputably sub-
stantiated. The commissioners, therefore, unintention-
ally we believe, have driven the last nail in the coffin of
the tyranny of the mills.

But their proposition of eight hours' labour was a trick
nevertheless. The double relays—to use the language
hitherto applied to horses—we all know is impracticable;
and even if it were otherwise, it would lead to further
fraud and more aggravated oppression. It would have
exposed them to double toil, the tack in the one mill, the
billy roller in the other, and the vomit fever in both. In
short they would have been by fraud and connivance
compelled to work sixteen hours a day instead of eight.
Lord ASHLEY'S bill, however, we are happy to say,
will settle the question. It must be carried or woe
be to the ministry. The cabinet must see that they are
powerless on this great desideratum in our manufactur-
ing system, which they have been willing to blink, in
order to conciliate the five-hundred-horse-power philoso-
phers of Leeds; Halifax, Manchester, Dundee, and other
places. They now find this is an act of madness, and
that they must either throw them overboard or go down
themselves.

But a word before we conclude toughing Mr. POULETT
THOMSON, member for Manchester, and member as, we
calculate, for the last time. This gentleman gave him-
self some airs on Friday night which were a satire upon
his status in society, and which not only indicate an
irresistible gravitation towards ignorance, but also show
how pertness can take liberties with public opinion.
Mr. POULETT THOMSON, in opposing Lord ASHLEY'S
motion, was pleased to observe, that he " felt satisfied
that no man would lose by honestly opposing the pas-sing
feelings of the people of this country."
This grocer-like fling at the " dear public" by such
a counter statesman as Mr. POULETT THOMSON is best
explained by the Morning Chronicle in its comments on
the same subject. The old organ, but now the despised
ally of the Whigs, says, that the House of Commons—
the reformed House—is a very stupid House for " yield-
ing to the ignorant clamour which exists upon this sub-
ject out of doors - -a clamour which, in our conscience
we believe, has been got up solely for party purposes,
and has attained its present height by the aid of humbug!"

' Now, who is POULETT THOMSON, and who is. the
writer in the Morning Chronicle? THOMSON despises
the " passing feelings" of the people; the Chronicle
repudiates " clamour" and " humbug." This is beau-
tiful consistency in both of these worthies! Had we
said a word in reprehension of " clamour" and " hum-
bug," we should have been set down as old, illiberal, and
tyrannical Tories--fellows who do not move in the march
of intellect—aristocrats who revere not the schoolmas-
ter—bigots who cling to absurd prejudices, and affect to
despise public opinion. All this would have been said
and sung of us in a thousand different ways if we
had dared to talk disparagingly of " clam Our out-of-
doors." PouLtrr TitomioN, on the contrary, may say
just what he pleasesi .withoirt; we Oppose, giving any
offence to the unwashed patriots- whorli he has flattered
and flirted with during the whole course of his useless
and factious life. No man has crawled more foully
through the mire of public opinion than this same Thom.:
sort, • and yet he affects, to deride the " passing feelings"
of the people ! Did. he and his colleagues not ride upon
these " passing feelings" during the mania of the re-
form bill Do they not owe every thing to agitation,
clamour and Humbug ? Were they not sustained in of-
fice by appeals to the rabble at a crisis when it was
deemed expedient to resort to every species of fraud and
delusion to carry a worthless bill, the working•of which
has not given satisfaction to any sensible man in the
country.? All this is most true. POULETT Tuomsori is
a -reformer, a liberal, an economist and a—quack; and
yei he despises the " passing feelings of the people."
There is nothing like tallow!
As for the poor Chronicle censuring " clamour" and
" humbug," it is hardly worth our notice. Its teeth
were drawn long ago, and its garrulity is quite pitiful.

The member for Manchester, Mr. MAnK PHILIPS,
succeeded in his motion relative to the Liverpool election
on Thursday last. It was carried by a considerable ma-

jority in the absence of Lord ALTIIORP and Lord JOHN
RUSSELL. We knew from the first that Lord JOHN was
ashamed of the proceedings, and be, therefore, staid
away. Mr: STANLEY and Lord PALmEnsToN voted
against the motion. Sir ROBERT PEEL, Sir RICHARD
VYVYAN, Lord CIIAXDOS, Mr. GOULBURN, Mr. HER-
Rim, Sir EDWARD KNATCHBULL, and a host of the To-
ries, abs anted themselves, for reasons which we should
like to hear explained. All the Manchester and Leeds
people—all the spinning gentlemen, with the exception
of Mr. FIOULDSWORTH, voted against the freemen of
Liverpool. This last must be noted in our.memorandum-
books. Mr. EWART to his honour did not vote at all.
Such people as GROTE and Sir JOHN KEY of London,
TORRENS of the Hue and Cry, WALTER of the Times,
ROEBUCK of the Political Unions, and JOSEPH the
Quaker, voted in favour of the inquiry. There were
twenty-six Irishmeni.including b'CoNNELL and his tail
