HEATON PARK RACES.

This important meeting to our Lancashire sportsmen com-
menced on Wednesday last, with that animating spirit, nothing
abated from the display in former years. Front an early
hour in the morning vehicles of every description from
various parts of the country were seen wending their way
towards the Park, and the course presented a most splendid
and crowded appearance. The regulations were as upon
former meetings. viz., that none were admitted but in car-
riages or upon horseback, which was the means as heretofore,
of maintaining the respectability of the meeting. Two elegant
stands, one for the accommodation of the public and the other
for the distinguished visitors at Heaton House, were erected and
decorated in a tasteful manner at the expense of the Earl of
Wilton; upon the latter we observed the Earl and Countess of
Wilton and large party of fashionably-dressed females, the Earl
of Lichfield, the- Earl of Chesterfield, the Earl of Uxbridge, the
Earl of Grosvenor and Lord Robert Grosvenor, Count Matus-
chevitz, Captain Bvng, Mr. W. M. Stanley, Captain White,
Mr. Osbaldeston, Btc. &c.- The management of the races was
entrusted to Mr. John Etty, the clerk of the Manchester course,
and the steward was the Earl of Lichfield. All the riders were
gentlemen and members of a racing or fox-hunting club. The
sports of the day opened with the contest for
The Stanley Stakes of 10 sovs. each, A.F.
Which were won by Count Matuschevit.z ns Fitzdictor, (Mr. Bur-
ton,) beating Mr. Houldsworth's Circassian, (Mr. Kent,) Lord
Wilton names Falconbridge, (Lord Wilton,) and Mr. W. M.
Stanley names Caractacus, (Mr. White) ; seven paid. The
above was a most excellent race, particularly well contested be-
tween the winner and Circassian • the betting was about 6 to 1
agst the winner, who was so little expected to win that 10 to 1
might have been had against him. Circassian was backed at 5
to 4 on her against the field.
The Heaton Park Stakes, (Handicap,) of 25 sovs. each, 15 ft,
and five only if declared by six o'clock the evening before run-
ning, for four year olds and upwards. One mile and a half.
Were won by Lord Lichfield names Westport, (Lord Wilton,)
beating Mr. Payne names Windcliffe, (Mr. White,) and Mr.
Giffard names b f Isabel, (Mr. Burton) ; twelve paid. Won
easy. The betting was 2to 1 colt Westport, 7to 4 agst Isabel,
and 4 to 1 agst Windcliffe.
The Grand Junction Stakes of 20 sovs. each, h ft; ono mile,

4 subscribers.
Were won by Mr. Osbaldeston names b f by Whisher out of
Alecto, (Mr. Osbaldeston,) beating Lord Wilton urns Theodore,
(Lord Wilton,) and Mr. Houlds►rurth's Ostrich, (Mr. Kent);
one paid; 6 to 4 on Theodore, 2 .to 1 agst Ostrich, 4 to 1 agst
the winner. . .
_ _

A Gold Cup, value 100 sovs., given by. .Mr. King, added to a
subscription of 10 sovs. each; St. Leger Course.
Was won by Lord Wilton's Chancellor, (Lord Wilton,) heating
Mr. Cosby names. Giovanni, (Mr. White,) Mr. Osbaldeston's
The Saddler, (Mr. Osbaldeston,) Mr. Osbaldeston's Lady Eliza-
beth. (Mr. Kent...) Count- Matasehevites lawn Sleeves, (Lord
Grosvenor,)•and•Sir J-.,Ge-rardts Dame Durden,(Mr. Malony);
nine paid. Lady Elizabeth made the running and led off at a
stiff pace, closely followed by Chancellor and Giovanni. Be-
hind the hill a change took place, Giovanni leitding and the
Chancellor second, but when near home the Chancellor made a
push and stole the lead, a pretty contestensucd between the two,
but the Chancellor succeeded in winning byabout three lengths.
The riding of his lordship was excellent, and his winning the
cup appeared to give great satisfaction to the meeting, who dis-
played their feelings by three loud and hearty cheers, which
were gracefully acknowledged by the earl.
A Handicap Sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, 5 ft, with 20 sovs.
added by the Club, for horses not thorough-bred; once round
and a distance. Eight subs.
Was won by Mr. Ongley's Donnington, (Mr. Kent,) beating
Mr. Pickernell's b g Willey, (Mr. White,) Mr. Armistead's
The Guardian, (Mr. Surdefield,) Mr. Burton's Sister to the Ad-
miral, (Mr. Burton,) MT. W. C. Codrington's br g Conservative,
(Mr. Codrineton,) and Mr. Jones's Tommy Tickle, (Mr. Pistle).
2 to 1 • agst Dounington, 3 to 1 agst Conservative, 3 to 1 agst
Tommy Tickle, 5 to 1 agst the Aduanal, 5 to I agst Willey, 5 to
1 agst The Guardian. Won easy.

. .
THE -.DRAMA.
The instances are exceedingly rare in any of the liberal pro-
fessions, where the mantle of a father, who has gained a dis-
tinguished name, has fallen upon his sou. To prove this asser-
tion we need only glance at the bar and. the bench, and we
shall discover several living instances of fathers attaining the
highest forensic honours whose sons have not risen even to me-
diocrity. These reflections were forced upon us last night, at
the theatre, while we witnessed the performance of Sir Giles
Overreach by Kean the younger, for thus lie will. be designated
for many a day, who, with a voice and person that bears a
strong resemblance to his sire, is as unlike him in spirit as
" Hyperion to a Satyr." Perhaps it is this genzleman's
misfortune, having adopted his father's profession for the
exercise of his talents, that be should bear any kind of re-
semblance to him; because at present it forces us into that
proverbially odious thing, a comparison, which is unfavout able
to his pretensions to supply the hiatus occasioned by the death
of that great actor. IsTo one can see Mr. Kean's. performance
of Sir Giles without being convinced that he has long and la-
boriously studied the character;- but we fear that he has fallen
into the error of studying the Sir Giles Overreach of Kean the
first, instead of reading that of Massinger, and in doing so has
forgotten that the copy of any work of art is
.almost necessarily
inferior to the original, because the admiration of the copiest
generally leadi hiin'to copy even its faults. 1-lad we never
seen Shylock or Sir Giles Overreach, by any other than the living
.Keati, we should, perhaps, think more favourably
,of those per-
formances by the Kean of whom we are now speaking. He
possesses many of the•qualifications necessary to the formation
of a good tragic actor, independent of the name he chances to
bear, and, like Charles Kemble, may gain by his own merits
the highest rank on the stage. in spite of his descent, which, at
present, operates so much to his prejudice. The play was very
-respectably got up, and he was well supported by Cooke, in
Wellborn, and Baker, in ilarrall. The part of Lord Lovell was
assigned to Mr. Lacy, who made the most of it,
.and continues
to improve upon us on acquaintance.

DAVIS STRAITS, AND GREENLAND WHALE FISHERY.

HULL—Abram, Hibbs, full; Alfred, Brass, full, 28th July;
Andrew Marvel, Wright, full; Brunswick, Blyth, well fished,
16th August,. Comet, Martin, full ; Cambrian, Dring, full;
Duncombe, Scoffin, full; Ellison, Bennett, well fished; Ever-
thorp, Johnson, well fished; Lee, Lee, full; Lord Wellington,
Harrison, 28 fish; Mary •Frances, Coldray, full; Sarah and
Elizabeth, 'Father, 9 fish • Sisters, Dannat, full; Swan, Dring,
full; Truelove, Manger:full ; Volunteer, Parish, nearly full;
William Lee, Parker, 20 fish; William Torr, Dannutt, nearly
full ; Zephyr, Ash, ditto.
'LONDON.—Margaret, Turpin, 28 fish; Regalia, Philips, 26
fish.
WHlTBY.—Phcenix, Mills, 19 fish; Camden, Armstrong, 23
fish.
NEWCASTLE.—Cove, Palmer, 150 tons; Grenville Bay, Tay-
lor, 27 fish; Lady Jaue, Fleming, nearly full; Lord Gambler,
Warham, 28 fish.
BEHWICK.—NorfoIk, Harrison, full.
BHuNTIsLAND.-7Majestic, Smith, 11 fish; Undaunted, Wat-
son, 12 fish.
KIRKCALDY.—CaIedonia, Gray, 30 fish; Chieftain, Todd, 37
fish; Earl Percy, James, 15 fish ;- Triad, Stodart, -11 tish ;
Viewforth, Oliphant, 22.
LElTH.—Clarendon, Lyalt, 28 fish North Pole, Stewart, 34
fish; Pi ince of Orange, Guthrie, 28 fish; Ulverstone, Straiton,
full; William and Ann, Listin, full.
DUN nEu.—Advice, Deuchars, 26 • fish; Alexander, Thorns,
21 fish; Dorothy, Davidson, 19 fish; Friendship, Davidson,
full; Horn, Stevenson, 100 tuns; Heroine, Welch, well fished;
Princess Charlotte, Adamson, full; Thomas, Thorns, full.
MONTROSE.—EIiza Swan, Mills, 25 fish; London, Burn, 22
fish; Monarch, Fulton, 20 fish.
• ABERDEEN.—Dee, Cook, 12 fish ; Hercules, Reid, full ;
Middleton, Kerr, full; Neptune, Bruce, 3 fish; St. Andrew,
Reed, 150 tons.
PETERHEAD.—Commerce, Steward, 5 fish;. Gleaner, Ander-
son, full, lfith July; Hannibal, Birnie, nearly full; Joseph
Green,. Volum, 18 fish ; Pers.verance, •bgston, full; Resolu-
tion, Hogg, full; Superior, Manson, nearly toll; 'Traveller,
Simpson, 20 fish ; Union, Carduo, 6 fish. This account is up
to the 11th Auumst
0 •

We take the following from a New York paper of the
30th ult., which requires no comment:—
At a recent meeting of the Anti-Slavery Society of London,
Mr. Fowell Buxton said—
" He had exulted at the progressive improvement of the
negro, and at the glory which would have redounded upon this
nation from being the first to emancipate the negroes. He then
referred to the sturdy Republicans (the North Americans,)
who could cut the throats of any who spoke against liberty, and
who had offered a reward of 5000 dollars for the head of a gen-
tleman, who was, he believed, now in that room, because he
dared to raise his voice in favour of the slaves. He (Mr. Bux-
ton) had hoped that the Americans would have caught the
infection, but they must now bid farewell to all these hopes.—
A clause in the East India Bill had passed last week, almost
sub silentio, the effect of which would be to destroy slavery. in
our East India dominions in a few years; and with the assist-
ance of the large assemblage of members of parliament which
he saw around him, he had hopes that next week the obnoxious
clauses, relating to the West India Slavery, would be got
rid of."

It is to be regretted that some of the American gentlemen now
in England do not step promptly forth and disabuse the British
public, in regard to the real character and objects of Garrison, and
the scandal he is bringing upon his own country by his misre-
presentations. It is Garrisonwho is referred to by Mr. Buxton,
as the person for whose head five thousand dollars is said to
have been offered, " because he had dared to raise his voice in
favour of the slaves." But such is not the fact, although from
one of Garrison's speeches Mr. Buxton was warranted in draw-
ing the inference. A reward was offered was offered by the
state of Georgia for the arrest of Garrison, as the writer and
publisher of incendiary articles, the tendency, if not the de-
sign of which was, to foment insurrections among the slaves of
uth.

CORONER'S INQUEST.
A jury assembh:d on 'ttiesday morning at the Ship Tavern,
Mortlake, to.inquite :into:the circumstances td :the death of
Henry HarnHealt, late head butler of the gilt plate pantry-tin
the establishment of his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumber-
land.

• The deceased was universally respected.
Mrs. Mary Gosden was first called. She was employed to
wash the platein the department of the deceased. Ever since
the intelligence had beeircommunicated to him that he was to
accompany his Royal Highneis. to Germany he had appeared
very melancholy and much depressed in spirits. On Saturday
last he was more than usually dejected. The last time witness
saw him alive-was on Saturday, about ten at night. The de-
ceased never complained of any ill treatment from hii Royal
Highness. She had often thought, from his peculiar manner,
that something would occur with him.

His Royal clighness who Was in the inquest-room, here re-
marked, that it was only ten days ago the deceased had fallen
down stairs. He never cotild have supposed the deceased .could
commit suicide. He was of the most harmless disposition, and
if spoken to, would cry like a child.
Frederick Schuler, gamekeeper.—Witness never heard the
deceased complain of ill usage, but has heard him say that his
Royal flightless was a good master to him.
John Longford, page to his Royal Highness.—Had occasion
to go to the pantry about a quarter past eleven o'clock on Sa-
turday night; the deceased was absent; he looked for, but dirt
not find hiin: The, following -morning, about seven -o'clock;
witness went again into the pantry and found a letter near a
writing-desk, directed to Mr. Franzileur a page to his 11,-.yal
Highness, which witness delivered. 'the deceased clisiiketi
going to Germany. The deceased was addicted to drinking.
Conrad Franziieur, the page to whom the letter was dire led,
produced the following translation of the contents:—
"Kew Palace, Sept. 21, 1833.
"Dear Franzileur,—l bid adieu to the world. See how far
the tyrant has carried matters with me, after serving 20 years,
and really like a slave. I can say with Maria Stewart, '1 ant
better than my reputation.' Do not curse my soul. I Mil
Sukey I am to receive £2 sterling, from Miss 13ecchellis £3,
from Mr. Jell' 15 dollars 25 grochen. Pray take care that the 7
come into the hands of my father. I next beg you to pay ail
my debts out of my wages now due. First, to good honest
Gi)edickeineyer is to have £4; secondly, Mr. Worst,
thirdly, Mr. Klose, £1; and ail bills where it can be proved
that owe any money. May all good men be happy. God
bless good Prince George, and may he soon recover his sight.
I curse the Cumberland and old Ball. (Here it was ex.plained
the latter name meant Ball, the steward.) Herewith I resign
the splendour of the world, fer my soul is pure and blessed.
Amen. " HARNFIELDT,"

Conrad Franzileur's examination resumed.—A great many
questions were put as to the terms on which the deceased and
his royal highness were, and the replies showed that the de-
ceased had always expressed the greatest respect for his royal
master, and satisfaction at the treatment he experienced from
his master's household.

The witness further stated, that in presence of another party,
he, by means of the key of deceased's desk, which had been.
enclosed in the letter sent to him, opened the deck, and found
£2l in money and two sealed letters, one directed to his father
in Hanover, and the other directed to his royal 'highne.3s's
steward, at Berlin. The letters witness delivered into the
hands of the Duke of Cumberland. They were both written
in German.

His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland was next called.

The Corcner here remarked your Royal Highness is not now
among your peels, and it is necessary you should be sworn
according to the usual form. His Royal Highness was then
sworn, uttering the words of the oath with particular emphasis.
His Royal Highness said that he wished the gentlemen of Lha
jury to 'know he was most anxious every thing connected with
this circumstance should be made as public as possible, and he
hoped there would be no hesitation on any of their parts to put
any question to him they desired to be answered. He had
intelligence on Sunday morniug about eight o'clock from his
page Flanzileur, who stated to him Harnfieldt had destroyed
himself. In the hurry and worry of the moment, on a man
roused from his sleep, he was astonished, and asked the page
again what he meant. The page represented that Harnfieldt
had destroyed himself. He then asked where they had found.
the body ? The page replied, the body was not vet found, and
witness then inquired, how he knew the deceased had destroyed
himself, to which the page replied, it was from the contents of a
letter which had beeu delivered to him by the witness Longford.
His Royal Highness then ordered strict search to be .made for
the body about the groUnds, and to have the ponds and river
dragged. Sometime after the page returned and delivered into
his hands the two letters found in the writing-desk of the
deceased. (His Royal Highness here produced the two letters
aiiuded to.) His Royal Highness said he felt him.clf in a
situation of difficulty, but in consequence of the melancholy cir-
cumstances which it was presumed had occurred, he thourot it
was right by opening them to throw as much light as possible
on the subject. The Rev. Mr. Jelf agreed with him in the
propriety of opening the letters, and they were accordingly
opeaed and read in the presence of two friends of the deceased,
his countrymen and relatives. The letters were here produced
by his Royal Highness, and the witnesses were appealed to, who
separately declared the letters were untouched until the seals
were broken in their presence; and also that the letters now
produced by his Royal Highness, were the identical letters
taken fromthedesk of the deceased.

The Rev. Mr. Jelf came forward and read the letters in
English :-
Ihe first was addressed to his father, and the second to the
Duke's house-steward, in Berlin. Their contents were an
enumeration of his effects, and betrayed the unsound state of his
mind.
His Royal Highness then resumed his evidence. In the
course of incidental observations he observed that he considered
the deceased's property might amount to between five and six
hundred pounds. He had never entertained the slightest sus-
picion of his honesty. When it was communicated to Mr. Ball,
the head steward, that it was necessary the plate should be sent
to Germany, it was determined upon that it should be sent to
Messrs. Rundell and Bridge, fur the purpose of being packed.
Mr. Ball applied for permission to send the plate with -; break.
His Royal- Highness said he asked who was to accompany it?
Balls replied, Harnfieldt; but on reconsideration, his Royal
Highness said he directed that Harnfieldt should remain at ,
home, as he was to have company on the following Sunda), and
would require the attendance of the deceased as a servant out
of livery. He was then particular in stating this, because he
wished so show there was no blame to be attached to Bali, Le-
twixt whom and the deceased he had never heard there was any
previous quarrel. This conversation took place in the pressoce
of his son Prince George and Sir John Sleigh. Decedsed had
been with him since the year 1814. He had never c0r01,.-7ned
of ill-treatment, nor had he (his Royal Highness) at. at.y time
had the least intention to slight him. He seldom had uc,: ision
to speak to the deceased, except it might be to ask him to brew
some ginger beer, or mix some wine and water. His Royal.
Highness said he bad often remarked that the decea...:d was
stupid in appearance, but he was never so drunk s, tc, be
unable to discharge his duties. His Royal Highness said he
was attached to the deceased, and looked over many tsdngs
which he might perhaps otherwise have noticed. There were
few men whose servants remained longer with them with
him (His Royal Highness.) Ball, to whom ailusioo had been
made. had been in his service fifteen years. Harper, :lie por7
ter, upwards of thirty years. Not long ago, an old woman
died who had been in his establishment fifty years, and the
steward at Berlin had lived with him upwards of twenty years.
His Royal Highness said he had sent for a magistrate (Mr.
Painter) to advise with, and shortly after his arrival the laSdy
was found.
Sir John Sleigh and Mr. Painter corroborated a portion of
s evidence.
hisAlinouyianibeHriogfhontehses; witnesses were examined, whose testimony
fully confirmed the assertion that the deceased had expressed,
"content with his situation," and also proved in positive terms
the general feeling of his Royal Highness towards the deceased
as a master.
It was explained that the quarrels alluded to betwixt the de-
ceased and Mr. Ball the steward, had occurred through some
reflections made by the butler on the frequent intoxication of
the former. The repeated acts of dissipation on the part of the
deceased, it was stated by Mr. Jelf, had apparently reduced him
to a state of partial imbecility.
. Several Jurors put various questions to his Royal lliehness
alluding to rumours which had gone abroad, to all of which
his Royal Highness gave such decisive and satisfactory ausers,
confirmed by frequent appeals to other persons who were pre-
sent, as to show the unfounded character of the reports.
Other portions of the evidence went to the finding of the body
of the deceased in the river Thames, near the Ship tavern,
Mortlake, about eight o'clock on Sunday night. The deceased
was about 45 years of age, and of corpulent habit.
The jury, after an examination of six hours and a half, upon
a very brief consultation, returned a verdict of " Temporary
Insanity."
His Ravel Highness, upon quitting the room before the ver-
dict was delivered, said,—lf the verdict was returned in the
form he expected, the deceased should be interred with the
usual respect paid to one of his establishment.

IRELAND.
SERIOUS ACCIDENT.—Last Friday, Lord William Beresforrl -
who holds a commission in the 43d Light Infantry, nOkifi-Tgar.:
rison at Waterford, and who is at present with a detaehnierdiit
Knosktopher, in the county of Kilkenny, met with a very Seri-
ous accident while fowling in the neighbourhood of his station,
with a double-barrelled fowling piece, double cocked. Having
diicharged one side, and no object being in view, he set ,about.
reloading the discharged barrel, keeping his left hand upon
the muzzle of the loaded barrel, which unfortunately he had
neglected to uncock. hi-an unlucky moment it weld off, and
shot away the fore-finger of his left hand. Surgical aid was
procured as soon as possible, and we have satisfactan ia stating
that his lordship is doing fully as well as could be expected
Lord William Beresfor is next brother to the- Marquis of
W a ter ford.— lroterford Mirror.
EFFECTS OF WHISKEY.—On Thursday last, a most melan-\
choly accident occurred in the house of a man residing at.
Tbonawilly, near Barnes mountain. Having happened to leave
hiS house for a short time, his three children being in bed at the
time, the two eldest, a boy and a girl, respectively of the ages
of nine and seven years, got up (it is supposed in a frolic) and
repaired to a keg of whiskey which was inadvertently lAt stand-
ing on the floor, and having drawn the bung drank so immo-
derately of the spirits, that they were seized With convulsive fits,
and died, notwithstanding all the efforts that were made to gave
them.—Derry Journal.
THE NAV AI, STATION AT COVE.—The Paymaster of the
Forces, and Lord Ebrineton, who has no official designation
that we recollect., but who is a volunteer journeyman ef our
precious ministers, have been obliging enough to visit this city.
Au expectation prevails that the First Lord of the \.diniralty
will also increase the number of our ministerial visitors—and
there is some odd association in men's heads in.t.woen those
parties-.--as if they had some common object in view. What
the Paymaster has to do with the First Lord of the Admiralty,
s
i n obvious—but things are orered oddl enough in our
timesot —and we ought not to be surprised at an y vthing. Common
rumour says that Sir James Graham brings the Adimr:lty.eyes
with him, to examine the better the artificial as well the phy.l
sical temptations, which Cork harbour displays kr a nava
arsenal. We hope all this is as true as we wish
tiit to be—as wlreland e
poron of ,
wish it, not alone for the advantage of this
but for the permanent welfare of the empire. A statesman
would never have thought of rooting Olt4t'saYal.etblishrnent
as possible..
from Cove—nor would he hesitate to plant one there if it were
an undertaking to be commenced; hut there are few statesmen
objects
—many politicians—and a world and all of those peer things,
who think the test of political ability is to undo wi•otever is
good, and to raise up as many crude experiment:
If Sir James Graham really mean to apply to imv
the noble accommodations of Cork harbour—if he come here
with that honest intention—it is but reasonable to hope to-tee
at once undertaken a design so full of general advanta4e. But
that he does contemplate that important purpose reinians to ba
seen. We wait.—Cork Constitution.

ANECDOTE.-' An eastern tin pedlar haring fix,e. hi= waggon
in a shed—no matter whether it was—in Jersey Ci'y or at
Hoboken—that is nobody's buSiness—the stable, tr., ver, was
noted for keeping horses as lean as Pharaoh's cows. As he
walked from stem to stern, and discerned the ! (.- on the
horses' rumps projecting like so many small says he..
"Mr. Landlord, do you make horses here?" " nate horses
here!" says the surly Dutchman' " what do you mean, sir r"
"Why,.l thought as how you ad just been setting ,up
frame P.—New lurk pupas.

Cbt Vort'o corner.

ON HOPE.

Thou badst me hope—Alas ! can hope
Restore content long lost 1
Or safely guide the shatter'd bark.
That's on the ocean tort 1

When anguish rends the tortured soul,
And heaves the pent-up sigh,
And sad reflection makes the tear
Stand trembling in the eye,

Think.'st thou, that Hope's delusive pow'r
Can ought of joy impart.
To calm the tumults of my mind,
Or ease a breaking heart ?

Ah S nog my friend, too oft has Hops
My flatter'd sense deceiv'd ;
The glitt'ring prospects, she bath *hewn
Too oft have I believed.

AUDACIOUS SWINDLING; OR HOW TO TRAVEL

POST TO LICHFIELD RACES.

SteaTiono-ots--Avors, SEPT. 17.—Last week, on the day be-
fore Lichfield races, a person, calling himself a Bow-street offi-
cer,. came travelling post through this town, in pursuit, as he
pretended, of four men who had robbed and murdered a com-
mercial gentleman near London. Two of the murderers, he
said, he iiad apprehended between London and Stratford. Sc;
anxious was this vigilant emissary of justice to secure the other
two,that he drove to the different lodging-houses here in a post-
chaise and pair, with the chaise-door open, that he might the
more securely pounce upon his prey. His search being unsuc-
cessful, he took a fresh chaise and pair from hence, and so keen
was he in the pursuit that he had not time to pay for it. Near
Lapworth he took a man into custody under pretence that he
wasnne of the suspected criminals, and then continued his put-
suitof the fourth through Hockley and Birmingham to Lich-
field. It being the races, of course he directed the postboy to
drive at once to the race-course, as the most probable place in
which to find the delinquent he was pnrsuing. Here, on alight-
ing from the chaise, of coarse he was asked by the postboy for
payment. This he indignantly resented, gave the postboy a
kick for his impertinence, suddenly disappeared amongst the
crowd, and has never been either seen or heard of since. When
at Stratford he did not apply to the local police for assistance ;
butit was suggested' to Mr. Ashfield, the constable, that he
ought to hilt in the purstiit. Ashfield, however, thinking that
no Bow-street officer would gallop about from one lodging-house
to another in a post-chaise, with the door open, expressed his
suspicion that all was not right, and declined to volunteer in
such an apparent wildgoose chase. His suspicions have been
amply confirmed. The swindler, it appears, at Shipton-on-
Stour contrived to obtain cash to a considerable amount on a
cheque; and at other towns also he practised the same triat,
frequently leaving £5 in the hands of the landlord, if the latter
had not cash to the full amount of the cheque, at the Same time
promising to settle the balance and pay for the chaise on his
return. So adroit and successful was the impostor that it is con-
fidently said he netted nearly £2(k) by the excursion, besides
travelling post from London to Lichfield, in;.st expeditiously,
and without cost.—Leamington Courier.
