Emperial roan it.

HOUSE OF LORDS.—MoSDAY, MAY 20.
The Earl of WINCUILSEA and the Earl of SEFTON presented
petitions from Sandwich and Manchester against the 19th sec-
tion of the local jurisdiction bill.
LordLYNDURRST presented a similar petition from Norwich,
and Earl BriowNLow one of like nature from Boston.
The Duke of RUTLAND presented a petition from Chichester
agfirnst the general registry bill.
The Earl of HADDCNGTON presented a petition from certain
medical practitioners educatedat the Scotch universities, against
the prohibitory provisions, as regarded them, of the apotheca-
ries act.
Petitions praying for the immediate abolition of slavery were
presented by Lord SUFFIELD, Lord BEXLEY, the Earl of SUF-
FOLK, Lord. LYTTELTON, and the Marquis of BUTE.
DUTCH EMBARGO.
The Duke of WELLINGTON presented a petition from the
merchants and shipowners of Newcastle, complaining of the
continuance of the Dutch embargo. The noble duke said,
that as he understood the dispute with Holland was likely to be
arranged, he would abstain from doing more than express his
hope that this state of things would soon be brought to a termi-
nation.
The Earl of ABERDEEN supported the prayer of the petition.
Earl GREY expressed himself pleased that the noble duke
had abstained from entering into any discussion upon this oc-
casion. If the time should ever arrive when it would be neces-
sary for him to do so, he would be prepared to defend the con-
duct of government with respect to the transaction referred to
by the petitioners. For the present, he would only say that it
was with great reluctance government hail resorted to coercive
measures against Holland, and nothing but a sense of what was
One to the interests of this country could have induced them to
do so. He felt as strongly as the noble duke or the petitioners
themselves the disadvantages which resulted from the longer
continuance of the present state of things ; and the embargo
having been imposed with a view to objects of great importance
to this country and to Europe generally, he, for one, would be
most happy when, consistenq with those objects, it should be
possible to discontinue the coercive measures.
THE SABBATH.
The Bishop of LICHFIELD presented a petition, praying the
house to adopt measures for the better observance of the Sab-
bath.
The Bishop of LoNnox adverted to the defeat of Sir A. Ag-
n v's bill in the other house, and said that it would be a subject
" the throwing out of that bill should prevent the
adTataon of some measure of amelioration on the important sub-
ect-to which it referred. He-therefore hoped that sonic mem-
ber of that or of the other house would bring in a bill so simple
in its object, and moderate in its provisions, that it would have
a chance of passing, and thus relieve the legislature of this
Christian country from the imputation of having cast aside a
subject deeply affecting the interests of the people of this coon-
try in a religious, moral, and even political point of view. The
rev. bench had been urged to bring forward some proposition on
the subject, but there were objections to their undertaking the
responsibility. if they were to bring forward a measure Which
*would have the slightest chance of passing through Parliament,
it would not by any means come up to the notion which he and
his brethren entertained of the manner in which the Lord's-day
ought to be oblerved. People would bike advantage of thisand
esa.y "Here is the bishops' standard ; we need not go further
than this."
The Marquis of SALISBURY presented a petition from Salis-
bury. praying the house to adopt measures for ameliorating the
condition of children employed in factories.
Lord Barham, the Marquis of Lansdowne, the Marquis of
Westminster, and the Marquis of Sligo, presented petitions for
the abolition of negro slavery.
The Bishop of LINCOLN presented a petition in favour of the
better observance of the Sabbath.—Adjourned.
TUESDAY.
•

Lord DuNDAs presenteda petitionagainst the 19th section
of the Local Jurisdiction Bill, but the place from whence it
came was not heard in the gallery.
Lord LYNDHURST presented similar petitions from West
Bromwich, Hales Owen, Tipton, and other places.
The SOLICITOR-GENERAL, and other members of the Com-
mons, brought up the Police Offices (London) Bill, the Fines
and Recoveries t3ill, the Limitations of Actions' Bill, the In-
heritance Bill, with other Bills, all of which were read a first
time.
