THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

Ti' RE R Y A 1., L E 1?. POO 1,

already !wen saattHl:-.‘d h' F' profligate government clique!"
In reply to C.o. nalumnio', heaped upon the planters by

ITALIAN OPERAS.

Lord Brougham, and his coadjutors in the cause of innno-
.
rho Public is respectfully inrormed that an arrangement has t diate emancipation from the apprenticeship system, the
been made with Mr. MITCHELL, Manager of the ITALIAN
OPERA BUFFA, London, fir Six :`,ightv onlii, for the.
performance of the must successful ITALIAN OPER:AS BUFFA
lately produced. .
• The Company will consist of
MADEMOISELLE SCHERONI,
MADLLE. VERMANI. -
MISS FANNY WYNDHAM.
SIGNOR FREDERICK LABLACHE..
SIGNOR BELLIN!, SIGNOR SANQUIRICO,

Despatch remarks—

AND
SIGNOR CATO-NE.
Conductor, Signor NEGRI. Leader, Mr. ALDRIDGE.
rhe Choruses under the Direction rif Signor RUBBI; troin her
Majesty's frheatre.
grin E third performance will fake place this present TUES-
IL DAY EVENING, the 29th instant, when the entertain-
ments will commence with the new petite comedy of
OUR MARY ANNE.
After which will be perihrined Donizetti's Opera, in Two Acts
entitled

L'ELISIR D'AMORE;
•(THE ELIXIR OF LOVE.)
Adina Mademoiselle Scheroni.
Gianetta..Mademoiselle Vermaui.
Belcare..Signor Bellini.—Dulcatnara ..Signor F. Lablache.
Nemorino • Signor Catone,
To conclude with the Ballet Dauce of
THE MILLINERS.
TO-MORROW, ( Wednesday,) the entertainments will com-
mence with the petite comedy or T LIE MAN , AND THE
TIGER. After which will be produced by the Italian company
Mozart's opera of LE .NOZZE DI FIGARO. To conclude
with the Ballet Dance of THE SAILOR'S RETURN.
. On THURSDAY and FRIDAY,. Favourite ITALIAN
OPERAS; being positively thelast two nights of the engage-
ment of the Italian company.
Mr. W. FA:ILILEN, of the Theatres-royal Drtiry-nine and
Covent-garden, is engaged for a limited period, and will make.
his first appearance this season on Al on day nest, the 4th June.
The Box-office fortheltatian )per:is will be open daily from
ten until three o'clock, when.places for the Boxes may be taken
of Mr. Parker. No places can be secured unless a correspond-
ing number of tickets are taken. Seats in the Boxes cannot be
reserved after the first act oft lie Opera.
Lower Boxes, 45.; Upper Boxes, 3s. 6d.; Pit, 2s. 6d.; Gal-
lery, Is. Doors to be opened at half-past Six, and the perform-
ance to commence at Seven o'clock. ,

In contradistinction to Ex-Chancelloil3rougham, we assert
and can prove that the apprentice owners- are, in fact, the op-
pressed, and not the oppressors, as any unprejudiced person
may judge by the extrajudicial power granted to ignorant, par-
tial, and upstart minions of office to trample equal law and
justice under (heir feCt.
" We have heard of £lOO. and upwards being the fine im-
posed upon a manager for tying a, runaway apprentice with a
rope, and in every case where a Special is called to adjudicate
any complaint of a' negro apprentice against his master the fine
is sure to be excessive, viz. Five pounds for the most trifling
'offence, which an English Magistrate adjudicating for a white
servant, would adjudge fairly compensated for a matter of five
or fen shillings. It is quite enough that the masters are obliged
to endure the over-bearing insolence of office, the impertinent
espionage of their hireling servants into domestic concerns,
and their vexatious and tampering meddling with the proper
management of their plantation work. But to give them the
power to inflict fines ad libitum, which may be misappropriated,
for aught we can tell or know, would belicensing an unlimited
power of plunder. In thus denouncing the partial and arbitrary
power to oppress which the Colonial Minister seems inclined to
afford to these for the most,, part prejudiced and unqualified of-
ficials, we must acknowledge that there are amongst them a few
honourable and upright men, inclined to do their duty fairly,
but these few are so badgered by the spies of Office, and so be=
wildered with contradictory instructions that they.have no power
to act with uniform justice.. And the Special Government of
this Colony, by Colonial-oftce Misrule, has almost become, as
the Loco Focos express it, "a stink in the public nostrils'," and
a disgrace to any Administration who can, to secure the aid of
any faction, thus comproini.e the rights, liberties, and property,
of her Majesty's free-born subjecti !"

There is much truth in the following remarks from the'
same paper, on the comparative condition of the negro
apprentices and that of the labourers and artisans of
Great Britain. We recommend thein to. the attentive
perusal of,every unprejudiced reader.
"The clamour and outcry which the enemies of West India
trade and commerce have, to serve their own selfish views, raised
against the proprietors of colonial property, on the vague charge
of cruelty and injustice, is at last beginning to recoil on their
own sinful heads, and the retribution to those who so uncharita-
bly judged their brothers, whilst insensible to their own errors
and defects, will be meted out to them with the unsparing
measure awarded to those who have been so unmercifully
treated.

GREAT NOVELTY.
THEATitti, CIPJACEI-STREET,

ATES.SRS.SCH'E ni RNIAN-o.gt I:ispeofully inform the In-
habitants and Visitors
,of tiverpnol, that they have'
Lya OPENED the FANCY SAnd MUSICAL ENTER-
TAINMENTS at the above fib atte.

The Performances commence evert• Evening at Seven
o'clock, and close at Half-past Ten.
Ado/pfuts Scherman, Licensed, 379, A.

SALE OF ALL THE. VALUABLE PROPERTY OF THE
LATE LORD BISHOP-OF SO)DOR AND MAN.

11/1-R. DIXON respectfully announces to the Public, that the
IVA Executors of the late Lord Bishop having done him the
honour of confiding to him the disposal of all the valuable
STOCK, HOUSEHOLD FIJRNITURE, and other Effects,
at the Palace, at Bishop's-court, near Kirk Michael, in the Isle
Of Man, the same will take place by Public Auction, on TUES-
A Y , the sth of June next, and following days.
The LIVE STOCK comprises many beautiful thorough-
bred, valuable carriage, steady sad Mlle, and strong draught
Horses, several promising Colts, entire Colts and Fillies, Brood
Mare and Foals, by Terrace, Hesperus, Columbus, Abel,
Miracle, and Candidate, a number of superior short-horned
Cattle, several Cows with Calves,. and some very handsome
St irks; also, a pair of twin Oxeu, trained to the Plough, about
400 Sheep and Lambs of the Leicester and Cheviot breed,
between 60 and 70 Pigs of different sizes and ages, principally
of the short-eared Portuguese sort, and many hundred heads of
Poultry.
The whole of the above are. in excellent condition, and merit•
the attention of Agriculturalists.
The DEAD• STOCK. consists of. Carriages of various de
scriptions, complete Sets of Harness, excellent Saddles for
Ladies' and Gentlemen, Carts, I'loughs, Harrows, Rollers,:
Gears, and useful Agricultural Implements of every kind,
several bolls of Wheat, a quantity of Malt and Hops, and a
large lot of Wool.

The FURNITURE is modern wncl.valuable, but too extensive
to be 'describe'd in an advertisement. The whole of the Pro-
perty will, however, be particularia ed in Catalogues; which may
be had seven days prior to the Sale, at Bishop's-court; at the
principal Inns'in the Island : at Ole Isle of Man Steam Packet
Office, Liverpool; at the Black Lion, .Whitehaven; and of
Mr. DIXON, at his Horse and'Caariage Bazaar and Repository,
Parade, Douglas.
Sale to commence each day at:Eleven o'clock.
Joint Notes, for three months, on approved security, will be
taken for all purchases above £5.
Douglas, 22nd May, 18.38.

"The people of Great Britain are becoming sick of the cant-
cry of iiegro oppression from persons who view the most heart-
rending sufferings of their countrymen and fellow-subjects with
(the most callous indifferegce and disdain, and who pass by ano-
ther side, instead of binding up the wounds and relieving the
anguish of the miserable victim who perishes at their gate!

".It is a notorious fact that there is more real suffering, want,
and privation, as well as tyranny and injustice on the part of
local power existing in one street in London, or in any other
populous district of Great Britain, than in the whole Island of
'Jamaica! For, if to labour 40 hours per week be a hardship to
aJout, able, healthy, well fed negroes, what must it be for poor
halfstarved, dectepit, manufacturing apprentices to labour for
sixteen hours incessantly per day with scarce an interval Wrest?
Instead of murmuring against this hard toil,. they are glad to
perform it to avert the pangs of hunger and of cold, and as long
as they are not locked up to labour in a prison, or turned out to
die pf starvation in the street, they Cheerfully fulfil their daily
task for the mouthful of refreshment it affords.—Thls is no ex-
aggerated picture, but true of tens of thousands of our fellow-
subjects who labour to manufacture clothing for the luxurious
natives of this sunny soil, and who have barely rags to cover
their own nakednesi, whilst our African.apprentices are clothed
in fine linen, purple, and silk.
" We lately adverted to the unmitigated distress of the Spital-
field weavers, who wereactually perishing by hundreds, of sheer
want. We have now to call the attention of the public to the
sort of humane discipline under which the miserable pauper
children of Great Britain are locked up to labour for their
bread, and if it does not afford an ample commentary on the
base hypocrisy of a government pretending to ameliorate the
rules of our workhouses and penitentiaries, whilst they suffer
such aggravated and heartless inhumanity to prevail in their
own, we must think that common sense is run mad,—that evil
ha's become good,—and that the dark hue of prejudice aud su-
perstition has perverted every principle of religion, humanity,
and justice."

Jobe two:pouL

TUESDAY MORN.I.cVG, MAY 29, 1838..

n• The Publication of the STA.NDA RI) commenced this morn-
ing at 5 o'clock.

THE WEST INDIES.—We. have :received files. of the
Royal Gazette, (JaMaica,) Jamaica Despatch, and
the Jamaica Standard, to the .27th ultimo inclusive.
These papers Innounce the arrival' .at Kingston of the.
Prince de Joinville. lie was hospitably, entertained by
the public authorities- The Despatch of the 27th ult.
contains the follOwirt?,- remarks on Sir Lionel Smith, the
governor, who, it appears, is not so popular as we for-
merly apprehended
"Decipimur is our confessional. Sir Lionel Smith has dis-
appointed our expectations, and it now appears that his Excel-
lency has been the principal means of urging parliamentary
interference. Withc,ut abiding the issue of events Sir Lionel
Smith, in Novemberlast year, made an official communication
to the Government, reporting that the assembly would not lis-
ten to, or adopt any recommendations which the GoVernment
might suggest ! We beg to express our conviction, that an open
foe is always to be preferred to a secret enemy. Ambush fight-
ing, except in greatetnergency, is discreditable to a highminded
soldier." •

We feel justified in •thus extending these extracts,
when we reflect upon the mighty interests which are 'at
stake in the present experiment which is going on in
the West India colonies, and especially when we con-
sider the irreparable damage which may be inflicted, not
only on the planters and the mercantile community, but
ntca on the negroes themselves, on whose behalf the
sympathies of the people of 'England have, of fate, been
so frequently exhibited. Audi alterampartem is always
a sound maxim, and never more so than in such a case as
this, where those who are accused of the blaCkest crimes,
which can be perpetrated, are living at such a distance
from their Merciless prosecutors, and so destitute of the
ordinary means of replying to the charges laid against
them, and thereby establishing their innocence, 'and
proving the falsehood of the accusations under which
their characters are suffering. The British public have
an inherent love of fair play, and we are convinced that
this commendable feeling will lead them to insist upon
having "justice " done to the deeply-maligned planters,
as well as to their apprentices. " Justice" to the anti-
slavery emissaries, who have so grossly imposed upon
the amiable feelings of Englishmen, would involve' an in-
fliction which we are not disposed to recommend.
. It is scarcely necessary for us to repeat that to slavery
'.and the slave-trade, in the abstract, we entertain as strong
and unconquerable an aversion as the most zealous of
the Exeter Hall agitators: but after the long period
during which the system has been carried on in the Bri-.
tish colonies, under the especial protection 9f the Bri-
tish government, we deem it right to maintain the rights
and to protect the interests of thOse who have been
seduced, by the encouragement so given by the English
people, to invest their all in the iniquitous traffic. It is
no fault of the planters that slavery has so long existed,
and it would bean act of injustice to accuse them of any
general wish to see the system prolonged. The example
of Antigua affords an evident proof of the truth of this
remark.

Nor is it right that the planters, as a body, should be
charged with the faults of a few isolated individuals, and
be made the subjects of unfounded calumnies of the basest
character. This is an act of cowardly injustice against
which we shall ever protest, and in doing so, we have no
fears of offending.the most scrupulous of our readers.
We shall, perhaps, give some further extracts from the
Jamaica papers in our next, as the subject of negro ap-
prenticeship has recently occupied so much attention.

NEW SOUTH `VALES.—Accounts have been received
from Sydney to the 9th of January. Frointheir-con-
tents it. appears that the.colony was proceeding rapidly
in the course of prosperity, and that a most enterprising
disposition was manifested throughout the settlement.
The tide of emigration seems to have set very strongly
towards this interesting colony, as very nearly I,ooo'
emigrants had arrived out within a few days in the ships'
Sir Charles Forbes,, Wellesley, Neptune; and Alfred.
On the year the increase in the population had amounted
to about 10,000 souls, or nearly one tenth of the \vhole—
a ratio of increase which would cause the population to
be doubled in the, short space of ten years. Merchant
vessels to the amount of 13,000 tons had prrived at Port
Jackson, exclusive of colonial craft of every description.
The price of colonial wheat was 55.. to Gs. per bushel,
and of Van Dien-lan's Land 6s. to 7s. Fine Flour was
IGs. per 1001bs.
It is to be hoped that this rapidly increasing and pros-
perous colony may not have any reason to regret the
mischievous influence Which is exercised by the
ro ...e
government in the administration of the colonial a 'airs
of Great Britain-:-an influence whose baneful character
has been already too painfully felt in the Canadas. Un-
der a judicious and wise administration we may confi-
dently articipate a long career of commercial prosperity
in our Australian colonies. They presett a large field
for British enterprise, and incalculable opportunities for
the profitable employment of capital and industry. In
another century the vast continent of New South Wales
will, in all probability, rank among the empires of the
world, and, like the United States of America, number
its population by millions.

. -
Respe.cang the present position of the planters, and
the means necessary to be taken fo'r the protection of their
interests, the Despatch of the same date remarks—
" We are of opinion that a simultaneous expose should take
place in the shape of .resolutions and protests by the Local
Magistracy of every parish in the Island, where special abuses
prevail, declaratory of the wrongs and insults to which they
have been subjected, and remonstrating against an abuse of
special authority, founded upon prejudices, partiality and lob-
Sided justice, by • which the proprietary, Local Magistrates,
and apprentice. masters are subjected to unmerited contumely,
slander, and abuse, and to the still greater grievance of popular,
insubordination, discontent, and loss of labour, threatening to,
render estates valueleSs, and terminating in the ruin of the ap-
prentices themselves.' Such remonstrances properly signed and
authenticated, could not fail to open the eyes of the British
people to the impositions practised upon them, and to awaken.
the government to a sense of the unjust advantage which has

VAN DIEMAN'S LAND.—We have received a file, of the
Ltobart Town Courier to the 17th of NoVember. 'Their.
contents are not of material interest: The accounts are
for the most part favourable. It is stated that the low
prices of wool in F.'nr;land' at tli.e
,Of the last. ad-

vices would not materially affect the balance of imports
and exports...,The great success of the fisheries would
realise for the colony a very large sum. It is said that
the fisheries would be, conducted the next season on
a scale, and carried on with a spirit, which would render
them still more productive of benefit to the colonists of
Van Dieman's Land. The reports from the interior, as
respects the crops, were highly gratifying, the late rains
.
which had been exrrienced having been most season-
able and beneficial. The country never appeared more
beautifulnor the crops more promising. •

CAPE OF GOOD. HoPE.--Papers have been received
from the Cape of Good Hope to the 25th of March. An
attack had been made upon the Trek Boers, a party of
Dutch settlers, who removed from Beaufort, on the east-
ern frontiers, to Port Natal, by some Caffres, under a
chief named Dingoan, and that 275, including 59 men,
under the command of a Dutchman, named Reteif, were
killed by them. A party under another Dutchman, called
Martiz, had gone in pursuit of the treacherous natives,
but the communication, which is dated from Colesberg,
near Natal, expresses a fear that it will be a complete
blow to that settlement.

DANISH CLAIMS.—Mr. Cresswell brought forward his
promised motion on, this subject on Thursday last, and
gained a itictory over the ministry which must he hailed
with satisfaction by the shipping and mercantile inte-
rests generally. The purport of Mr. Cresswell's mo-
tion was; that an address be presente& to the Queen
praying her Majesty to direct the commissioners em-,
ployed,to examine the claims of ,persons for losses on
account' of " book debts" and "goods ashore" in 1807,
to examine also the claims of persons who suffered losses
by the seizoi-e of ships and cargoes by the Danish go-
vernment in the same year, and to report on such claims
to the Lords Commissioners of her Majesty's Treasury.
The majority obtained on this motion amounts Co a par-
liamentary recognition of the rights of the claimants.
The house decided in faiour of the claims by a majority
of 115 to 81. This affords another-proof that the pre-
sent ministry have any thing but a "good working ma-
jority", in the House of Commons, as has been ostenta-
tiously .boasted of by the whig-radical press of the
country.

By this decision a tardy act of justice has been done
at length to a large body of British merchants, who have
suffered from Ile reprisals of the Dthlish government, in
retaliation for our attack upon the fleet and capital of
Denmark. In consequence of the decision to which the
house has thus arrived measures will probabiy be taken
for an early liquidation of those claims. The little
waspish being, who is dignified with the title of Chan-
cellor of the Exchequer, took occasion to state "that lie
should take no further responsibility on the question"—
a remark which naturally etcited a smile on the counte-
nances of the gentlemen on the opposition benches. If
he is prepared to " take no further responsibility" on
this question, the public will demand why he is entrusted
with any " responsibility" whatever connected with the
expenditure of the public money. As the Spectator for-
cibly remarks, " if lie refuses to take responsibility on
such questions, it is high time that he were discharged
for neglect of duty."

NRGRO APPRENTICES.—Never was a ministry placed
in a more contemptible position than are the present
cabinet in reference to the question of the termination of
negro apprenticeship ; never was their absolute depen-
dance for official existence on the conservative opposition
made more manifest than during the past week. On
Tuesday last, Sir Eardley Wilmot introduced his motion
for the immediate termination of negro apprenticeship in
British-colonies. Several speeches were made in sup-
port of the motion as well as in opposition to it;
ministers preserved a sullen silence on the occasion.
They were afraid of acting manfully on their own con-
victions. They were forced to look imploringly to the
opposition benches for support; and when it was found
that the majority had gone against them, they were
forced to a declaration of the course which they intended
to pursue, and Lord John Russell accordingly announced
that it was the intention of government strenuously to
Oppose• any attempt to make the resolution of the house
.m.,-rive. As Sir Eardley Wilmot was not prepared to
state the precise course which he intended to adopt, tue
matter was allowed to rest until Friday, when Lord
John Russell stated that on Monday or Tuesday Sir G.
Grev would troveresolut ions to the following effect:—
" My honourable friend will propose, in the first place, that
the resolution proposed by the hon.' member for Yorkshire (Sir
Geo. Strickland) and the decision of the house on that occasion,
shall be react, and likewise the resolution of the hon. Bart. oppo-
site (Sir E. Wilmot.) Then he will propose, in order to prevent
the injurious consequences which may follow from the intentions
of parliament being left in doubt, and in order to maintain the
peace and welfare of the colonies, that it is necessary to declare,
that in the 'opinion of this house it is not advisable to adopt any
proceeding's for the purpose of giving effect to the resolution of
May 22;. and, secondly, that this house declares its opinion that
tevery r
imv ue rses we
chui
rcehd ctaont
t:eeinndu
nt od
esre catul
there ea
et
th efonr etghreo population
abolition
of
slavery ought to be adopted; and, further, that the most anxious
attention of this house shall be directed to strengthen the con-
dition of the negro population, when the expiration of the term
of apprenticeship shall have entitled them to the full enjoyment
of freedom."

Though there is no doubt that Sir George Grey Will
obtain a majority on the introduction of these resolutions,
it cannot be denied that much harm has been done by
the vote of Tuesday evening. The effect of that vote
will be setn, we fear, in the insubordinate conduct of the
negro apprentices during the; remainder of the tern) of
their servitude. There will not be wanting those who
will take care to inform them that "a British House of
Commons has deliberately pronounced their unconditional
freedom on the first of August next." Nor will there be
wanting parties who will endeavour to make that im-
prudent decision a handle for exciting feelings of dis-
affection among the negro population. It is not, there-
fore, difficult to foresee the consequences which may re-
sult from the imbecility and the cowardice of the govern •
ment, as manifested in their treatment of this question.
The end of the agitators out of doors is fully answered.
They have now a further plea for perambulating the
country to get up " a demonstration" on the subject of
negro slavery. They will take care to render the vote
of Tuesday last an effectual means for annoying the
planters in the West Indies and for instigating the ne-
groes to refuse that labour which the former have a right
exact=a right just as great as that of any master
tradesman in England over his apprentices.

While treating of this subject we cannot refrain from
offering a passing remark on a charge contained in the
Manchester Guardian of Saturday last, against those
among the conservative party who are advocates for the
immediate cessation of the period of apprenticeship.
The, Guardian accuses these gentlemen of entertaining
sinister motivei, and avers that they pursue the line of
conduct which they have adopted for the
single purpose
of embarrassing the ministry. Much as we are opposed
to the object for which these persons are contending
with such earnest and unremitting zeal, we still believe
them to be sincere in their opinions, and that they act in
opposition to the great bulk of the conservative party in
obedience only to their honest convictions: and, greatly
as we despise the party in whose behalf the Guardian
pleads so earnestly, and heartily as we repudiate the prin-
ciples which the Guardian so perseveringly advocates,
we are nevertheless glad of its aid in resisting a measure
which would be fraught with the greatest injustice to the
planters, as well as certain misery to the apprentices.
Our contemporary will surely perceive the folly of his
supposition if he will only take the trouble to reflect
that the conservatives, as a party, can gain nothing by
the successful agitation of the question.

, BRITISH PROTECTION OF IDOLATRY IN INDIA.—AII
religious opinions, however erroneous, superstitious, or
even enromous in their own character, have a right of
toleration, whether in colonies, or in territories acquired
by conquest. Man is accountable for his sentiments and
conscience, not to his fellow-creatures, but to.the Great
Lord of all, to whom, as his Master in Heaven, he:stand-
eth or fallethl The practical workings of those principles
must be repressed when they attempt an inroad upon the
peace of Society;or the circlet: of established government;'
