TO CORRESPONDENTS.

The letter of "An Old Freeman" in our next.
We have received another communication from Mr• Rumball
on the subject of Phrenology, for which we cannot afford any
space. We must decline any further communications on the
subject.

Ebe litimpool ,Stanbarb.

FRIDAY MORNING, MARCH 2, 1838.

The publication of the STAN DA Ito commenced this morn.
ing at 5 o'clock.

THE WEST INDIES.—We have received files of the
Guiana Chronicle to the 25th of December, and of the
Jamaica Royal Gazette and Kingston Chronicle to the
18th of January.
Though these papers are comparatively devoid of news,
they are pregnant with illustrations of the miserable and
infatuated polick of the Crim.-Connellite ministry to-
wards our colonial possessions. They also abound with
pertinent remarks upon the irretrievable mischief effect-
ed by the senseless agitation of the pseudo-philanthro-
pists of Great Britain. We shall proceed to lay before
our readers such extracts as we think must convince
every unprejudiced mind of the ruinous tendency of the
fallacious statements propagated by Joseph Sturge and
his worthy associates. The sympathy of Englishmen
has been strongly excited in favour of the poor negroes
by the powerful appeals which have been grounded on
the ex parte evidence of the Quaker humanity-mongers;
but we think that, if the British public knew the actual
state of things in the "West Indies, a larger share of
sympathy would be bestowed upon the maligned and
persecuted planters, who have been the defenceless vic-
tims of a system of slander, and persecution, to which
the records of negro slavery scarcely afford a parallel.
From the following extract we find that the rampant
spirit of radicalism pervades a large portion of the po-
pulation of Jamaica, where it is attended by its usual
effects, brutal intimidation and a contempt for all the de-
cencies of civilised life. We quote from the Kingston
Chronicle of Jan. 17 :
"We have this day inserted in our preceding columns the
report of the proceedings which took place at the St. Catherine's
Vestry, and which prove the pitch to which radical rage and
presumption have been raised in this community, when persons
to:ally unyual;fied for the situations they seek to fill, and who
have not the ability even to maintain themselves, insist upon usurp-
ing seats they have been illegally thrust into by an excited rabble.
The fact is. that as elections are now conducted iu Jamaica, the
respectable freeholders of any colour or class have no chance
whatever against the blackguard mob! Foirls,thBzeici.liscvee.s areare
se.ac-
tually endangered by the violence and brutality of the Loco
Foe() assailants. Penknives, scissors, nails,
creted by these ruffian radicals to assault and keep from the poll
any person who has the appearance of a gentleman, or tetp
desirous to vote fur a properly qualified and cealtaetent candidate!
Within ear-shot of the King's-House authorities the vilest epi-
thets and most abominable threats are levelled against the re.
spectable freeholders of the parish, and gentlemen who do not
like to expose their persons to the attacks et' these cowardly
ruffians, are thus deterred from geing to the poll. This gives
the Loco Focos fresh spirit to exert their physical ability, and to
boast and bully that, in a short time, 7
titey Will be enabled to tram-
ple law and justice, principla and propriety under their feet, Jack
Straw may be lord of the Ascendant, and Tom Cedes' mouth
the Parliament of ,Jamaica !—Whether Sir Lionel is instructed
to encourage this March of Democracy, we leave Lord Glenelg
to explain. But his rejection of the former Election Law, and
other necesary acts to secure the property and privileges of the
Attbject, looks very much like au attempt to revolutiotaiF,e the

NlAncit 2,182 g.

island, and it is quite clear, unless the purity of election be main-
tained, and a Registration Act passed, securing us from the
preponderance of illegal voters, there is no chance that the pa-
rochial or legislative concerns of this colony can be carried on
with any degree of wisdom, propriety, or discretion. For, if
paupers, idlers, and blackguards are to be our parish officers
and legislators, we might as well resign ourselves to a military
government at once as the lesser evil,—always bearing in mind
that, in purchasing freedom for the bondunen of Africa, the mi-
nistry of England have been guilty of the base, treacherous, and
tyrannical act of enslaving the free-born subjects of Britain!"
Is not this picture an exact counterpart of what is en-
acted in Great Britain and Ireland ! Does it not for-
cibly remind our readers of the brutal scenes which were
witnessed at the last election for Liverpool 2 Do we not
also find that the radicals of this town are equally anxi-
ous to fill every office of trust and importance with pre-
cisely the same class of persons, as we find described in
the preceding extract—men utterly devoid of principles
fortune, or respectability—ignorant, clownish, turbulent
demagogues ? We would particularly put our townsmen
on their guard, lest such scenes of ferocious intimidation
as were witnessed at the general election should be
again exhibited at the annual vestry meeting. The ra-
dicals of this town are capable of proceeding to any ex-
tremities, as was fully proved by the diabolical exhibi-

tion of last year.
We subjoin another extract illustrative of the mis-
chievous consequences arising from the ascendancy of
radical principles :
" If the proprietors of this fine colony are doomed to be
trodden under the hoof of a ruthless democracy, and to be de-
prived of all power of protecting their property and privileges
—if the privilege of passing laws calculated to promote indus-
try, morality, and good order, is to be taken from them, and
they are to be placed at the mercy of a rapacious canaille—
then, the sooner they claim payment for the amount of their
property, and are thus enabled to remove from the island, the
better it will be for the cause of humanity and justice! The
ministers of the crown, at the passing of the abolition act,
pledged the government to be answerable for all the evil con-
sequences of what they acknowledged to be a rash and fright-
ful experiment I They promised to administer the act they in-
sisted on passing, with strict and impartial justice, and to
make the probationary term of apprenticeship a noviciate
towards preparing the negro population for their future duties
in life. How have these pledges been redeemed by the parties
now in office ? By the most shameless violation of a ratified
compact—by appointing partial. prejudiced, and ignorant per-
sons to pervert the meaning of the law, to give encouragement
to idleness, fraud, and intemperance, and to do all that in them
lay, as they have the indecency to confess—"to make the mas-
ters sick of the apprenticeship.' We shall see,' say they, ' who
will tire soonest, those who are injured and abused and deprived
of their fair portion of labour, or those who have things all
their own way without reference to law or justice 1 A passive re-
sistance to the equitable provisions of the abolition act has
been encouraged amongst the apprentices throughout the
colony—AND THIS, for the avowed purpose of ' making the
masters sick of the apprenticeship!' and inducing them to
abolish it atall risks ! ALTHOUGH THIS, they have not the power
to do without the sanction of her Majesty and the British
parliament ! But what inducement have they, even to pray for
its abolition, whilst the march of demoralization is on the
stride, industry on the decline, and no thing but anarchy and
confusion in prospect? Facts are stubborn things, and there-
fore by facts we shall hereafter demonstrate the truth of our
statements! For the present we refer to the table of exports.
laid before the Assembly, which at once shows the lamentable
falling off in our crops, owing principally to the paraly zation of
industry. Next year threatens to be worse, as we understand
the coffee crops are rotting in the ground for lack of picking.
If these are to be the results of liberty, we say again, the
sooner the parliament pay us for our property, and present it
to their pets, the better it will be for the British colonists."—
Kingston Chronicle. Jan. 11.

Respecting the present position and future prospects
of the West India Islands we find the following strong
remarks :

" We may justly agree with the poet, who says that " coming
events cast their shadows before ;' for certainly at no period of
colonial history were the prospects of the British colonists more
overshadowed with the gloom of evil forebodings and antici-
pated ruin than at the present alarming crisis. Having done
all that in therm lay to satisfy the inordinate demands of the
parent government, they are now threatened with an entire
subversion of constitutional law and justice, and with measures
calculated to coerce every honest man into a violation of his
allegiance to the crown by the unprecedented injuries he is
doomed to sustain from a faction erected to destroy the rights
of the people. Canada is already a prey to martial contest,
and how much blood will be shed before the conflict can be
quelled, we leave the adherents of the O'Connell revolutionists
to decide. The leader of that party had, doubtless,' reason to
call her Majesty's ministers the brutal and bloody whigs, from
the arbitrary measures he believed-them capable of forcing
upon his countrymen and fellow-subjects. But whether he
will advise them, now they have conciliated his favour, to pur-
sue the same harsh and coercive means of compelling a slavish
submission to their extrajudicial policy in these islands, we
have yet to learn, but if it should be attempted, we may speedily
prognosticate the downfall of her Majesty's empire in the
west."—Kingston Chronicle, Jan. 9.

"On whichever side we turn, we are pained to hear the me-
lancholy forebodings as to the future prospects of Jamaica—the
lamentations as to the probable destruction of her agricultural pro-
perty, and the ruin and dispersion of her most useful and in
dustrious classes, compelled to abandon a country without laws
to afford them protection, and where idleness and vice are per-
mitted to range at pleasure ! be persons thus forced by a
treacherous and impolitic government to give up all hope of
securing their chartered liberties and rights will doubtless fly
to America, or the Spanish colonies, as their only place of re-
fuge from the insults and persecutions of an anti-national
usurpating faction, who are sacrificing the interests of British
commonwealth to their own party views, and who, when all
classes of her Majesty's liege subjects find out the frauds and
delusions they have practised, by the jeopardy in which they
are placed, and the rapid decline of British commerce and
prosperity, will be visited with the just retribution of their rash
and selfish projects by finding their influence and power de-
graded to the dust, their names execrated, and their country
distracted by the turmoil and miseries of civil war—the inevi-
table result-of the petty pride and low ambition of a mean and
intriguing spirit which seeks to aggrandize the unworthy at the
cost of all that is wise, excellent, expedient, or just. One more
effort, the friends of this colony will soon be called upon to
make—if that fail, the government must be pledged to destroy
the charter granted by the King; and whether they be saints
or sinners to whom they hare sold our privileges, they are
bound to pay the price of their own usurpations, and to give us
back the cost of the property sacrificed by their shameless vio-
lation of the national faith—the solemn oath and compact of
the imperial parliament of' Britain!"—Kingston Chronicle,
Jan. 8.

From the following it would appear that the charge of
infringing the conditions of the Emancipation Act may
be retorted upon the government of this country :
" The present packet will convey to Great Britain pretty
striking evidence of the effects of the mispolicy of the govern-
ment with regard to her Majesty's transatlantic colonies ! The
Canadians in open arms to assert their independence, and the
West Indians sunk in apathy and despair at the irremediable
state of ruin and disorder brought upon their commerce, their
property, and their plantations, by the persecuting spirit of a
deceitful faction ! Without laws to stimulate labour, or to.
protect property or life, men look at each other, and inquire
how far the march of disorganization is to proceed ? Whether
they are to submit tamely to be taxed to feed a population who.
will not work, but who profit by the plunder of the industrious;,
or whether, like the Canadians, they must take arms in their
own defence to resist unlawful oppression ? The murmurs are
not loud but deep against the treacherous and unconstitutional
interference of the Colonial Secretary with the chartered rights
of the colonists. Every honest and honorable man scorns the con-
temptible manner in which the whig ministry have managed to
forfeit and pervert their solemn pledge to the colonists, by forcing
upon them their own bribed tools to misinterpret and misuse the
Abolition Act—to make it an instrument of injury and csietion to
the master, and a means of jealousy and distrust to the apprentice;
to render it, in short, the source of continual tdckerings and dis,
cord, and a pretence for teaching the velie labourer to hate, de-
spise, and disobey his masteo We had enough of travelling
parsons, mountebank electors, and itinerant quacks and Quakers
of all descriptions, pursuing their peregrinations over the island
to pick up pence and popularity by preaching sedition to the
no need of government incen-
diariestbi ae thatlatter
gs
,tei:piteornydc:kihanoroiiessvt
ewor,
add
a daa
pd
fuel
en
to the flame, The most of
to be in the pay of Alder-
insubury, and, therefore, could not do less than they were re-
quired—" Make the masters as sick as they possibly could of
the apprenticeship term." These cantcraft tjicials have shown
themselves. on all occasions to be far more merciless tyrants than
the cruelest planter our annals can name, and that without any
other motive than the vain display of their brief authority, or the
wicked one of makinit the system wrong. To their mismanage-
ment all the confusion and disorder it has produced, and they
alone are responsible for the misconstruction of the act. Con-
sidering these things, no wonder their friends deprecate a parlia-
mentary inquiry, or any fair and impartial inquiry, which wou'd
lead to an exposure o.t. their snalrersation of office—to their abuse
and oppression of the master, and their tampering and intrigue
with the apprentices-,to the exhibition of their ex-parte and lop-
sided decisions, and their glaring perversions of the provisions of
the law! As to the infarnous'calumnies which Sturge and Co.
still continue to repeat, we cap only assure our British readers‘

MARCII 2. 18-8,

they are as false as hell, and that they will find in the present file
of Chronides the trial of one of the Quaker's principal witnesses,
who has been clearly convicted by an impartial Jury, consisting of
black, brown, and white men, of PERJURY, swearing to a false
affidavit which be himsef did not sign. And yet, upon such
gross fabrications are • the colonists of Jamaica slandered, and
the poor people of England gulled! ! Kingston Chron. Jan. 18. -
On the ecitanued agitation of Sturge and Co., the last

quoted paper has the following observations :
" The perusal of the report of several intemperate speeches
made,-and resolutions adopted at the late anti-slavery, meeting
held at Exeter Hall, London, on the 23d November last, has
inspired a feeling of.untneasured disgust and contempt for the
authors who could dare to outrage common sense by a detail of
the most improbable cruelties said to have been committed by the
planters of this country. We have not time to enter into a de-
tail of'the cliarges we find embodied in their resolutions: but,
we hesitate not to denounce them in general terms as false and
• malicious. The Big Beggarman,, who remorselessly. extracts the
last penny from the pockets of his starving countrymen to support
his own political elevation, and who, for a bribe or some equally
unworthy consideration, withheld his vote on the factory question
—the Quaker grocers who desire the destruction of the western,
to advance the interests of the Eastern possessiOns, this hetero-
genous band of hypocrites, instead of transporting their sym-
pathy and humanity to foreign shores,
.had better exert those
inestimable qualities in favour of their own oppressed and de-
luded countrymen, who are far more worthy of relief and con-
sideration than the well-fed and pampered peasantry of Jamaica.
_Let them look to their own factories, manufactories, and public
warks, to their own grinding and oppressive enactments; there
they will meet with an appalling and harrowing account of crime
and misery, unparalleled in the history of any country, and re-
volting to the hnman mind to contemplate. Almost every indivi-
dual who spoke at this meeting expressed themselves diametri-
cally opposed to any further parliamentary inquiry into the
'working of the apprenticeship. We do not wonder at this, be-
cause they dread the exposure that would assuredly-follow.
They are•fully alive to the 'palpable truth, :that, with ordinary
exertion, all Mr. Sturge's boasted statements of facts would
soon be proved statements of lies,' and therefore, fearing
:further 'inquiry, they desire to carry thgir base views by
stratagsqua, As a specimen of the sort of prpof Mr. Sturge has
' -rested' his case against the island of Jamaica upon, we refeLio
the trial of Joseph Smith, who bas been convicted of perjury?'
We have much more of the same kind, which we may feel
disposed, on another occasion, to lay before our readers.
For the'present we shall conclude by submitting the fol=
lowing 'statistical details, respecting the amount of pro-
visiOns imported into Kingston alone for the last three,
years. We omit articles of luxury—confining ourselves.
to such as form the principal articles of consumption
among the negro population. What a contrast there is
between the provision made for the negroes and that en-
joyed by the labouring people of
,England ! How the
poorinmates of our Workhouse Bastiles would rejoice
at the following bill of fare !
• "Conceiving that the following table of imports at the por
of Kingston for the years 1835, 11336, and 1837, may be of some
use to our commercial friends, we have arranged them from the
hooks at the Commercial Rooms of this city:-
1835. .•

Butter 9760 firkins
Beef 2050 barrels
]609 half brl
Codfish 3558 hhds.
1117 tierces
4417 boxes
Corn 3287 bags
Flour 58524 barrels
58524 half do
Herrings
Lard , 4073 firkins
Mackerel 11505 barrels
314 half do

Bread
608 half bi.
Butter
Beef
1652 half bl
4462 hbds
1331 tierces
5232 boxes
7174 bags
55771 barrels

Codfish

Corn ....
Flour ...

...
••••... 2162 haat)!
lierrings 3118 barrels
Lard . 6224 firkins
Mackerel ... 6239 barrels

Bread
Ditto
Butter 14336 firkins
Beef
Ditto .... .
Codfish .., 5936 bhds
. .
Ditto
Diito
Corn ...... 3497 bags
Flour
Ditto.
Herrings
Lard ....
Mixelterel.• ; 4903 batiers

Meal
109 phns.
Pork
4498 half do
Rice
. .
11983 bags
Salmon
459 barrels
79- hhds
- ..... 874 tierces
Soap
656-Poxes

Salt

Ditto
Meal
Ditto
Pork
Ditto
Rice ....
Ditto
Ditto
Salmon
Ditto. 657 barrels
Salt 832 hlids
Ditto
Soap
Ditto

Mackerel. 1448 half bl
Meal
DittO - 92 piths
Oil. 839 casks
Pork
Ditto
Rice
Rice
Rice
Salmon
Salt -67- barrels-
Salt 6B h hds
Soap _ 12t)28 boxes
5...;
-soap
r ,
~

In addition to thiS• copious supply of artieles- foi•
consumption (chiefly) of the negrn population; we need
scarcely remark that they bare numerous lUxurieS Of in-
digenous growth,at their command, the greater part of
which are spontaneously produced, arid of none . which
require much labour in their cultivation. •

LORD MAIDSTONE'S MOTION—DEFEAT OF MINI S-
TERS.—We sincerely congratulate the people of England
and Scotland upon the triumphant manner in which the
infamous charge of that foulmouthed slanderer, O'Con-
nell, against the reptesentatives of both countries, has
been met and answered by the British'Parliament. We
rejoice to find that there is still chivalry enough left in
the House of Con-mons to asset t its own independence,
and to vindicate its insulted honour. We rejoice to find
that the blustering poltroon, who essayed to cast dstigma
on the character of the house, hp. been dealt with ac--
cording to his merits. We venture to hope that the
event4'of the present week will teach the-reckless black-
guards, who compose the Popish faction in the house;
that their' system of bullying will not do any longer—
that the gentlemen of England are not to be trod under
foot_ by the ignorant bog-trotters of Ireland—that the
sanctity of an oath is considered to be a very different
thing by the Protestants of Great Btitain to what it is
'deemed by the alien Popish faction—and that unfounded
imputationi against the honour Cr British representa
lives cannot be suffered to escape unpunished.

For ourselves, we are exceedingly delighted that
O'Connell has, at length ventured to show more plainly
the doyen foot. We are glad that he has afforded so
decided an opportunity for the whig-radical cabinet to
evince their partiality for his own policy, to display their
entire acquiescence with his views, and their servile re-
Nance upon his support. We repeat it, that we un-
feignedly rejoice that so decided an opportunity has been
,afforded for proving the indissoluble alliance which has
,subsisted., and does subSist, between O'Connell and the
whig-radical cabinet. There can be no longer any
—doubt _as to the Lichfield-House compact-7as. to the
union of the Whigs with the Popish and anti-British fac-

tion. Lord John Russell and his associates in. the
House of Commons have rendered it too evident to ad-
mit of a moment's doubt that O'Connell and the Alel-

bourne ministry must 'fond or fall together.._
are intimately connected—we :might say wedded to
gether, for better and for worse. The momentous dis
cussion which has taken place in. the House of CommOnS
places this matter beyond any doubt ; and the ministers
must rest satisfied, hereafter, with the appropriate desig-
nation of the Crim-Connellite Cabinet.
We have been particularly struck with the manner in
which the motion of,Lord Maidstone was met by O'Con-
nell and his associates. Instead of attempting any thing
like a justification, they contented themselves with an
abortive attempt to cast ridicule upon the whole-affair.
This is just in keeping with the genius of radicalism.
It is precisely the, course that we expect to find followed
by the radical press hroughout the country. What else
. Than ridicule can we expect from the sophistical
the suboervient Timei, the blackguardib sh Telegraph,
the
the
malevolenf, but inane: and contemptible Mercury,
Billingsgate Chronicle, and the Popish Journal of this
:towu What &se but a bitter and revengeful-sPiritcan
~be expected from those_ who are the avoiVed apologists
.and sworn partizans of O'Connell himself? But we
'feel thankful that such a spirit is repugnant to the feel-
• ings of independent Englishmen—that such sentiments
will meet with no response from the lips of any true
lover of rational libeilS.—that such conduct will receive
an unhesitating condemnation from every one who has
a spark of loyalty or true patriotism in his bosom.
Lord Maidstone is entitled to the gratitude of his
,countrymen for the noble stand which he has made for
the honour and independence of the English and Scot-
tish members of Parliainent, and for the noble daring
whichhe has evinced in bringing, the areh:enetty• of
Pritish liberties to an account. The temperance, dig-

oily, and firmness which this spirited yoUng nobleman►
(worthy scion of his noble sire,) has manifested on this
most trying occasion, has won for him the applause of
millions of free-born British subjects. We hope that
the triumphant issue of his motion will console him for
the sacrifice of personal feeling which induced so yOUng
a member to beard the Lion of Derrynane. Lord Maid-
stone is entitled to the unanimous thanks of the conser-
vative party for his dignified conduct on this important
occasion. .

Before we conclude these necessarily brief observa-
tions we. cannot help remarking upon the callous indif-
ference; nay, the revengeful and insulting disposition
Manifested by O'Connell under the mortifying and igno-
minious circumstances in which he has been placed.
And here we are forcibly struck with the eloquent re-
marks of Mr. Cresswell, one of the representatives of
the loyal town of Liverpool. Mr. Cresswell said that
had be been subjected to the same censure as O'Con-
nell—had he rendered himself liable to the same repri-
mand—he, never could have the courage to take his
se at any longer among the members of the " first as-
sembly of ,gentlemen in Europe." The subsequent
conduct of O'Connell, however, proved that lie possessed
none of this scrupulous sense of honour—that he felt no
compunction for his conduct—that he despiSed alike the
decencies of civilised society, and the consequences in
.which a breach of those decencies necessarily involved
hi's Character.

We-hope it is evident. by this time-that no further
parley must be held with, the Popish (action in the House
of Commons.. No- further attempts must be made to
conciliate this anti-national party. They have shown
themselves the implacable enemies of every thing Bri-
tish—of every thing truly liberal. They must be dealt,
With accordingly.- There must be no further concession.:
iWe hope that the recent malignant condUct of the
Popish faction will teach the conservativeleaders in both.
houses 61 Parliament the necessity 'of—preserving a
siricter regard for the maintenance of Protestant inte-
.
rests„snd that Sir Robert Peel, and the powerful party
with whom he co-operates-will inflexibly maintain the
ascendancy of Protestant principles. O'Connell and the
Popish conspirators against the liberties of Englishmen
have been treated with, too much leniency. They have
been allowed to treat with contempt any thing and every
thing which tended to preserve our national religion in
unimpaired efliciency. They must no longer be per-
muted to trample on the church or its ministry.
We again convey our heartfelt congratulations to our
Protestant friends on the triumph which has been
achieved over the Crim-Connell cabinet. It is a tri-
umph which may lead to the most important results. It
has served to show the weakness of the present ministry.
Even upon the showing of the whig-radical Sun itself, it
appears that the whole ministerial force only amounts to
325—lessthan one half of the members of the House
of Commons. This number is destined to sustain a still
farther reduction in the course of a few dayS, so that the
Conservatives have it now in their power, whenever an
occasion arrives, to outvote the. Crim.-Connell cabinet.
We hope such an occasion may be speedily afforded, and
that the present imbecile and contemptible government
will be superseded by one which will merit the confi-
dence of the country, and which Willpreserve inviolate
the prerogatives of the crown and the liberties of the
people. ,

CANADIAN INTELLIGENCE.

(From our Second Edition of Tuesday.)

The.Oolurnbus.arrivecl in the river this morning, hav•
ing left New York on the Ist instant. We extract from
the American papers such ,intelligence as appears most
impbrtant. It appears that perfect tranquillity has not
yet been restored.
(From the Detroit Daily Free Press of Jan. ii. •
The steam-boat Erie was forcibly taken from this port on
Tuesday night, by a body of men belonging, it is supposed, to
the patriot force on Whitewood Island. The alarm bells were
rung, and our citizens generally rallied as soon as possible to
.the wharf, but before any considerable number had collected
the boat and her men were out of the reach of our authorities.
We understand that the proper officers proceeded yesterday to
the seat of war, to recover the boat and arrest the offenders,
The following is from.the Detroit Gazette of the 15th ult.:—
Having been iuformea that patriot forces at the mouth of De-
.troit river had retired from White Wood Island, and were orga-
nising;themselves upon an AineriCau island near by, for hostile
preptirations against Canada, Governor Mason, of this city,.
t00k..-passage in th&steatn-boat Erie, for that point, on Thurs-
day morning, to ascertain the truth of the report, and to take
measures accordingly. The boat arrived at Sugar Island, be-
longing to our government. in the course of Thursday evening,
-which they found in the occupation of about 300 armed men.
After entering the camp, Governor Mason immediately had an
earnest. conversation with the officers in command—retnon-
strated with them against their illegal occupation of our terri-
tory—assured then► that it could not be suffered with impunity,
and urged them to abandon their enterprise. We are gratified
'_to slate that the appeal had its effect, and that the Erie, in the
course of the night, took the whole force, with its effects, from
the'island, and put it upon the mainland, whence it was to dis-
perse, and the men return to their homes.
In the. Legislature yesterday the following preamble and
resolutions were offered :
"Whereas, recent occurrences of an atrocious character, the
assemblage of armed bodies of men, on both sides of the boon-
diry.:fine-separating the United States from Canada, the coin-
mission of high banned acts, in violation of the laws of the Uni-
ted States, by troops illegally armed and assembled, and the ex
traordinal y state of excitement and exasperation manifested by
the inhabitants, not only of Canada, but of this state, render the
presence of an efficient and competent force of the United
States absolutely necessary on the frontier of the state; there-
fore. •
" Resolved, by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the state of Michigan, that the Covet nor of this state be, and
hereby is required, without delay, to apply to the President of
the-United States that a force of at least two regiments of the
United States troops, with due tkroportion of artillery, may be
ordered to the Canadian frontier of this state."

(From the Rochester Democrat, Jan. 25.)
The Canada war not yet ended !—Letters were received in
th 4. city last evening direct from Brantford, Upper Canada,
whiCh state that upon the day it was written, and before it was
Mailed, five expresses had passed through that place for Toronto,
with the intelligence that the patriots bad risen in considerable
number!. in the London district, fur the avowed purpose of
rescuing the individuals imprisoned in the jail in that district.
The letter adds that "before this reaches you the jail will
doubtless be taken, and the prisoners released."

1.?1'.U1 the New York Commercial Advertiser of the 31st.)

LOWER CANA DA.—We have the Montreal papers of tlie2sth
instant. The members of the executive council were expected
at Montrealifrom Quebec, to attend upon 'Sir John Colborne
and organize the Government anew, under his administration.
The following extracts are from the Transcript :
The' rumours which had been for some days current, and
whichjor. obvious reasons, we refrained from noticing, have
not only continued to circulate, but have produced their ef-
fect ;- and' the French Canadian population have been leaving
the city and island of Montreal for several days past. We
are far from wishing unnecessarily to denounce them, or wan-
tonly to wound their feelings; but certainly there is in this
something very remarkable, something which seems to de-
mand explanation. While the British population are, one
-a-nd all, in a state of the utmost tranquillity and confidence,
this sudden bustle and confusion of French departure bespeaks
on t heir: part a remarkable timidity; or it indicates a know-
' ledge, an expectation of some intended outbreak, which in-
duces them.to .separate themselves from their British fellow-
colonists, and retire from what they suppose to be the field of
approaching contest. Some satisfactory explanation is due to
their ,own character, and we look for it accordingly.
„PP Wednesday morning the last of the murderers of the un-
fatilliale Chartrand was lodged in' jail: He occupies the same
041 vviduJalbert„ the murderer-of the lamented Lieut. Weir.
He was captured by Mr. M`Gillivray, concealed in a cupboard
in'iiii:ireVof a house in L'Arcadie. 'lie has neither confessed
or deniedfhis guilt. '
The Detroit Morning Post states that Sutherland, having been
arrested' and charged with a high misdemeanour, which was ex.:
aminedhefore Judge Wilkins, of the United States' District.
Court. -The court decided that the evidence was not sufficient
to justify a committal, and he was discharged.
Mr. Van Rensselaer, of Navy Island, was at Syracuse at the
last accounts.—Buffalo Star.
