LIVER THEATRE, CHURCH-STREET.

BENEFIT OF MR. T. D. RICE, and positively his Last
Appearance but One.
Mr. J. L. HATTON.
THIS present FRIDAY EVENING, the 28th instant,
the entertainments will commence with a New Drama,
written for the peculiar talents of Mr. T. D. Rice, and per-
formed by him at the Theatre-Royal, Adelphi, and other
London Theatres, with most distinguished success, entitled
THE FOREIGN PRINCE !
Ebenetzer Mr. Tilbury.
Jim Crow Mr. T. D. Rice, in which character he
will sing his highly-popular Song, in which he has been
nightly honoured with the most rapturous encores by
crowded and delighted audiences, " Sich a Giffin up Stairs. '
After which, Misses Thomassin and Lidia will appear in their
admired BOLERO, from the Opera, Massaniello.
Mademoiselle Chevallier her Dance from Rob Roy.
To which will be added, the laughable Negro Farce, written
expressly for Mr. T. D. Rice, and acted by him so suc-
cessfully at no less than live London Theatres, entitled
JIM CROW IN LONDON.

Skinflint Mr. Tilbury.
Jim Crow.... (a well-known character).... Mr. T. D. Rice,
in which he will introduce an entirely New Version of
" JIM CROW."
Misses Thomassin and Lidia will dance a popular
PAS DE DEUX.
Madlle. Chevallier her admired dance of CUPID.
The whole to conclude with celebrated Historical Drama of
JACK SHEPPARD ;
OR, THE HOUSEBREAKER OF 1703.
Owen Wood
Joe Blueskin .. Mr. J. L. Hatton,
In which character he will sing " The Jolly Nose," " Now
Farewell my Rowry Towries' " and the Chorus " Nix my
Dolly, Pals, Fake Away."
Jonathan Wild Mr. Barton.
Jack Shepherd Mrs. Barton.
TO-MORROW, (Saturday,) various Novelties, in which
Mr. T. D. Rice will make his Last Appearance.
On MONDAY next, March 2d, will be presented a New
Drama, (never acted here,) called A MAIDEN'S FAME,
and a popular Interlude, in which Mr. RAYMOND will
make his Fourth Appearance this Season ; with other En-
tertainments. ••
Tickets and places for the Boxes may be had of Mr.
BREZE, at the Box-office, from Eleven till Three o'Clock.
Boxes, 35.; Pit, 2s. ; Gallery, 6d. Second Price at Half-past
Eight : Boxes, 2s, ; Pit Is. ; no Second Price to the Gallery.
Doors to be open at Half-past Six o'Clock, performance to
commence at Seven precisely.

ROYAL AMPHITHEATRE OF ARTS, WHICH
WILL SHORTLY CLOSE.
THIS EVENING, (FRIDAY,) and TO-MORROW,
(SATuRnAy,)
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF THE PRESENT
GRAND. SPECTACLE.

The performances commence at Seven o'clock, with one of
those unequalled and magnificent Spectacles for which this
Establishment is so popular, entitled the
VICTORIES OF EDWARD, THE BLACK PRINCE ;

OR, THE BATTLE FIELD.
Unequalled Feats of Horsmanship, and Ducrow's Classical
Scenes in the Circle.—For the first time out of London,
Mr. Ducrow will have the pleasure of presenting a magnifi-
cent Picturesque History of ancient and modern Eques-
trianism, introdticing MADAME DUCROW and the highly-
trained Steeds Beauty ! Pegasus ! Bucephalus ! Spanish
Steed ! with the whole Equestrian Troop and Stud, entitled
CATHERINE OF RUSSIA;
OR, THE GRAND ECOLL.

The Lady's Palfrey, ,Beauty,-will be managed and instructed
by Madame Ducrow, as Catherine, in her extraordinary and
admired Voltes Terre a Terre, Cabriolles, &c.—ln the course
of this pageant, the Waltz, Gavotte, and Cotillon, will be
Danced by Trained Steeds of LA. BELLE ASSEMBLEE,
and in which each Horse will execute a separate and single
Pas Seul, &c.
The Evening's Performance will conclude with, for the first

time out of London, MooßE's

LAMA ROOKH ; OR, THE FIRE WORSHIPPERS.

As the Company will shortly depart for London and Bir-
mingham, all persons having CLAIMS on Mr. DUCROW
are requested to send them in.

TEMPLARS' HALL.

SIGNOR GUILIO REGONDI has the honour to an-
nounce, that he will give a CONCERT of VOCAL and
th STRUMENTAL MUSIC, at the above Rooms, on MON-
DAY EVENING, March 2nd. Signor a Regondi will be as-
sisted by Miss YANIEWICZ and Miss PAULINE
YANIEW I CZ.
Further particulars will be given in a few days.
Tickets, Five Shillings each, to be had at all the Music
Shops.
The Concert to commence at Eight precisely.

tbt Zibrrpool (tanbarb.

FRIDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 28, 1840.

We have been favoured with a copy of the British
Guiana Royal Gazette, of the 26th of December, the
contents of which are unusually interesting. The
scarcity of agricultural and other labourers is still as
loudly as ever complained of. We are glad to perceive
that the subscriptions towards Mr. Holmes's project
for obtaining a supply of hands from the United States
are " progressing" most favourably. A correspond-
ent of the Royal Gazette states that, if this plan had
been put in operation a year sooner, there would have
been, at the present time, many thousands of addi-
tional labourers in the colony. But " better late than
never." It is a subject of hearty congratulation that
Mr. Holmes has made a successful movement in this
matter. It is said that there are upwardS of 500,000
free blacks in the United States, living in the most ab-
ject state of outcast degradation. The whites ref Use
to eat, work, or walk with them. They dare not show
themselves in the Slave States, for fear of contaminat-
ing the slaves with a free spirit. They have no outlet
excepting Canada, and they are anxious to emigrate to
any country where they can better their condition ; but
they will not go to the colony of Liberia. The greater
part of these labourers, we are informed, can and will
cheerfully pay their own expenses, and all will.joyfully
engage to refund. Their passage to British Guiana
need not cost more than twelve or fifteen dollars per
head. They are said to be the best labourers for the
colony that can be found anywhere, not even excepting
the Bahamians ; and they are described as more sober,
more industrious, more moral, and more advanced in
their knowledge of the arts of civilized life, than any
class of their colour in existence. If these representa-
tions be strictly correct—if there be such a class of la-
bourers, anxious to emigrate to our. West India Colo-
nies—and if no obstacle be interposed by the Govern-
ment of the United States—would it not be desirable
to form an Emigration Society in England, for the
purpose of raising adequate funds for procuring a sup-
ply of these labourers ? The West India Associations
in this country are deeply interested in the success of
the experiment. It may lead to results of the most
important and beneficial character. The accession of
500,000 well-disposed, free laboUrers to the population
of the British West Indies would give an unparalleled
stimulus to the prosperity of those truly magnificent
Colonies ; while it would, at the same time, react upon
the manufacturing and commercial interests of this
country in the most salutary manner.
While, however, we would strenuously advocate a

full trial of the experiment proposed by Mr. Holmes,
we would not, for a moment, lose sight of other sources
from which labourers, fully adapted for the climate of

There is

the British West Indies, can be procured.
room enough for ten times as many labourers as can
be procured from the United States in Jamaica and
British Guiana. Other facilities for immigration
must, therefore, be diligently sought after. The Hill
Coolies, in particular, must be looked to as offering a
suitable class of immigrants, who are willing and anxi-
ous to leave their own famine-struck country, with its
poverty and pestilential visitations, for a country where
their labour will find an adequate reward, and their
days will be spent in peace and plenty. We trust that,
when the subject of immigration into our Colonies
comes before the House of Commons in a tangible
shape, the restrictions now existing on the deportation
of the Hill Coolies for the West Indies will he re-
moved. We feel assured that the evidence already in
the hands of the members of the House of Commons
will be sufficient to induce a favourable consideration
of this important subject. That evidence derives an
almost daily corroboration from the news brought by
every arrival from Demerara and Berbice, where the
Hill Coolies are found both to answer remarkably well,
and to be perfectly contented with their treatment and
condition.

Africa, again, must he looked to for a supply of la-
bourers for the West Indies. A system of free inter-
course between the civilized blacks of our Colonies,
and their brother tribes on the western coast of Africa,
will prove, we have no doubt, the true key to the civi-
lization of the whole of Africa. The native tribes of
Africa would, if the matter were properly explained to
them by the free labourers in the West Indies, infi-
nitely prefer emigrating to our Colonies, to running the
constant risk of being entrapped as slaves, by remain-
ing in their own country.
But to return to our Guiana news. We find, from
the Royal Gazette, that a meeting of merchants was
held at the Court-house, New Amsterdam, Berbice, for
the purpose of taking into consideration the increased
charges on trade, the decreased prices on merchandize,
and the changed condition of the labouring population
from slavery to freedom, whereby the practice formerly
pursued on estates of finding the labourers with food,
clothing, &c., has been entirely subverted, and money
payments for labour instituted in its stead, creating a
demand for money hitherto not experienced in the Co-
lony. In consequence of these altered relations of so-
ciety it was resolved, at the above meeting, `` that from
and after the first of January all plantation stores.•.

meaning by that term every article of merchandize—
delivered to an estate, shall be considered as cash, and
in every way placed on the same footing as produce is
at present—namely, payable on demand of the seller."
The most interesting article, however, in the Royal
Gazette, is the subjoined description of a grand fancy
ball, which took place, on Christmas eve, at Vreed-en-
Hoop, an estate belonging to John Gladstone, Esq., of
this town. This account furnishes a striking example
of the happiness and contentment which prevail
among the coloured population of the West Indies;
and affords a triumphant refutation to the absurd state-
ments and atrocious slanders of the mischief-making
Anti-Slavery agitators. It also proves the mutual good
feeling which subsists between the planters and the la-
bourers, wherever the latter have happily been exempted
from the malevolent influence of John Scoble and Co.
Scenes such as those described below are by no means
of unusual occurrence in the West Indies. On such
occasions the indulgence shown to the labourers is far
greater than any enjoyed by the corresponding classes
in this country.

We would particularly direct the attention of our
readers to the speeches of Daniel Stron and Vincent
Paradise in the following account. They speak vo,.
lurnes in favour of the planters.
