RAILWAY INTELLIGENCE.

We understand that active measures are now in progress
for bringing before the public the projected railway from
Bradford to Leeds. The line would be a great public con-
venience.

It is said that the opening of the London and South-
Western line throughout its entire length will take place on
the 11th of the ensuing month, the same day as the partial
opening of the North Midland line. it is intended, we
believe, that seven trains shall run each way daily.

Monday, the 11th May, promises to he a dies Imtailda in
railway history. In addition to the partial opening through-
out the London and South-Western, the Shoreham branch
of the London and Brighton line will, it is understood, be
publickly used for the first time on the day mentioned. Some
private trips have already been made.—Railway Times.
We have to congratulate our readers upon the favourable
decision that has been made by the Military and Naval Com-
missioners appointed by government to decide upon the
merits of the English line of communication with Dublin.
They have sent in their report, and have decided that the
line through Chester and Bangor is the most eligible, and
that Holyhead is the best part as a terminus, and the most
desirable point of communication between this country and
Ireland. A new field for enterprise will thus be opened, and
it may be confidently expected that the golden dreams in-
dulged in by many will ultimately be realised. The Chester
and Holyhead line, when established, will be second to none
in point of profit and traffic in the kingdom.—Gkester
Gazette.

GREAT NORTH OF ENGLAND RAlLWAY.—Yesterday the
key stone of the last arch of the new oblique l•ridge across
the river Tees, at Croft, on the line. of this railway, was
placed in its proper bed by G. H. Wilkinson, Esq., the
Chairman of the Directors, in the presence of several of the
other directors, and a large concourse of spectators, amongst
whom were many of the fair sex. The foundation stone of
of the bridge was laid by Mrs. Wilkinson, the lady of the
chairman, in the month of May, 1838, and the bridge is now
rapidly approaching its completion. After the stone had
been placed, and 3 times 3 cheers given for the success of the
great undertaking, of which the chairman very appropriately
remarked this bridge formed one of the most important fea-
tures, Henry Welch, Esq., the engineer of the bridge, in-
vited the directors to partake of a splendid dejeuner at the
Spa Hotel, where success to the undertaking was again
drunk, and all present exollP.ssed their entire approbation of
the beautiful structure, now so nearly completed. The bridge
consists of four oblique arches, built at an angle of 50 deg.,
each arch measuring 60 feet on the oblique face, which is, we
believe, by far the largest structure of the kind that has been
built at so acute an angle. Amongst the party present we
observed from Newcastle, Peter Nicholson, Esq., so justly
celebrated for his many scientific works ; and Robert Ni-
cholson, Esq., the engineer of the. New-castle and North
Shields Railway, both of whom expressed their approbation
of the excellent workmanship of the bridge.—Durham
Advertiser, April 17.

SOUTH-EASTERN AND DOVER RAILWAY.—A report has
been industriously circulated by a contemporary that a great
number of men have been discharged from the tunnel works
of this railway in our neighbourhood, which is calculated to
create a suspicion that the company is in difficulties. We
are happy, however, in being enabled to find, on the most mi-
nute enquiry. that such a presumption is entirely devoid of
foundation. It is true that a few bricklayers have been dis-
charged owing to a limited supply of bricks on the part
of the contractor ; but at the same time nearly two hun-
dred additional men have been since set on at the contracts
extending from Abbot's Cliff to Folkestone. On a personal
inspection, we find the work in a most promising condition.
The Shakspeare tunnel will, we doubt not, be completed by
the end of May. A large portion of the sea wall is nearly
finished, and the Warren contracts are proceeding as well as
the nature of the ground will permit. -We have seen the mo-
del of the bridge now constructing at Folkestone, and it will
be, in our opinion, when finished, a substantial and elegant
erection. The effect of the paragraph to which we refer
above, may be inferred from the fact that it had scarcely seen
the light when the public confidence in the ultimate success
of the South-eastern was manifested by a rise in the shares
of that undertaking of nearly £1 10s. Report attributes the
splenetic production in question, and we believe truly, to the
unwelcome fact that the government surveyors have found it
to be their duty to recommend that a harbour of refuge should
be formed at Dover.—Dover Chronicle.

WEEKLY RETURN OF

(Prom the Rai

RAFFJC ON RAILWAYS

!way Magazine.)

passen_ h Panile;P.mile Passeng.
gers.
NAME. "Is pr.wk.p. day. per day.
X. £.. X.
Birmingham
South Western — 13070 53 74
Great Western .. 4408 1234- 17A
Newcast. & Carlisle 1576 261 4
Birmg. & Derby -- 923 24 3i
Greenwich 89604 3171 829 118; 12801
Manche,ter &Leeds 13262 844 62/ • 9 1894
Croydon 17572 957 91 13 2510
York & N. Midland 2217 I 349 24 3; 317
Midland Counties 4479 383 24 32 640
(41asgow & Ayr 2480 413
Eastern Counties 8124 405 382 5i 1161

WARRINGTON OPERATIVE CONSERVATIVE
ASSOCIATION.

The Annual Meeting of this Association was held at the
Town-hall, Warrington, on Thursday, the 23d inst., being
St. George's Day, for the purpose of electing officers for the
ensuing year, and also for the purpose of presenting the late
president and treasurer, Mr. Wilson and Mr. Whittle, with
a handsome Bible and Prayer each.
Mr. LEFTWICH, the president, acted as chairman ; and
after the appointment of new members of the committee, and
the other routine of business was gone through, several
toasts were proposed.

. .
" The Queen," with three cheers "The Queen Dowager,"
(three cheers); " Constitution in Church and State," (much
cheering). Between each of the toasts the Operative Con-
servative Band struck up some suitable tune.
The CHAIRMAN then, alluding to the most interesting sub-
ject of the evening, proposed the health of Mr. Crisp, who
had come over from Liverpool to attend their meeting:, and
would now present the Bibles and Prayer Books to their re-
spected and esteemed friends.
Mr. Cats'. said that the duty which he had the privilege of
performing was one of the most pleasing kind. To men hold-
ing any public situations, it must be the most gratifying thin,,,
after feeling satisfied in heir own consciences that they had
faithfully performed their duty, to find that their conduct
had met with the perfect approval and approbation of their
friends : such is the case with our two friends, to whom I
have the pleasure of presenting this slight testimony of re- '
spect this evening—I say slight, for these presents, as to
their intrinsic value, would but ill convey the esteem in
which we hold our late president and treasurer, who for
above three years have most zealously and faithfully per-
formed their duty. But, Sir, when your testimony of ap-
probation is conveyed in this form (the Bible and Prayer
Book), it possesses a value which no man can count. Mr.
Wilson and Mr. Whittle, I present you, on behalf of the
members and friends of the Warrington Operative Conser-
vative Association, with a copy of that Book which, with the
blessing of God resting on it, is able to make you wise unto
salvation. I also present you with that Book, which we es-
' teem next to the Bible itself, as a truly sound and valuable
compilation. I will not, by any further words of illy own,
attempt to add to this expression of .our esteem ; but I must
say, that the presentation of: such a testimonial (I mean a
Bible and Prayer Book) is alike honourable to the. Associ-
ation presenting it and to the parties receiving it. •
Mr. WILSON rose and said—Mr. Chairman and Gentle-
men, I can assure you I feel a real difficulty in giving expres-
sion to my feelings for the kindness which you have shown
to me this evening. lam not aware that I have done any,
thing to merit this valuable testimonial of your esteem.
Nothing could have been more gratifying to my feelings than
to receive this kind expression of your respect, in the form
which it has been presented, of the Holy Word of God. Gen-
tlemen, I have ever considered that book the only sound rule
for a Christian life, and I trust that it ever will be my endea-
vour to guide my conduct by the precepts therein contained.
Respecting the association 'I certainly have ever fealt a deep
interest in it. and believe I may, with a few friends, take the
credit of being its promoter. I trust the association has
done some good.. and I hope it may do much more. Gen-
tlemen, you_ will excuse me I know, for I feel so overcome

by your kindness that I know not hoW fully to express my

gratitude. These books I shall preserve to the last day of
my life, and place a high value on them, not only for their
real worth, but from the kindness expressed by friends in

presenting them. Gentlemen, I truly thank you for this
testimonial of your approbation.
Mr. WHITTLE said—Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen—l

can truly say that this is the happiest moment of my life. It
is, indeed, gratifying to find that any conduct of mine should,
in your estimation, merit this valuable expression of your
approbation. 'Gentlemen, I never thought of anything of
the kind ; I acted from a sense of duty, and my fullest ex-
pectation of reward was the approval of my friends for my

:tumble services. I shall hand Nese books dOwn to my son,
fit should please God to spare his life beyond my own, and
:ell him in what manner I became their possessor. I cannot

say more, gentlemen, than tender you my sincere and heart
thanks.

Several other toasts were then proposed :
The Duke of Wellington. (Much cheering.)
The Lord of the Manor, John Ireland Blackburn, Esq.

The Conservative Band.
Mr. NANNERLEY briefly returned thanks in an appro-
priate speech.
Mr. WILSON having the privilege of proposing a toast,
begged to propose the health of a body of men who had al-
ways been the most zealous and active in the defence of our
glorious constitution ; and as there was a gentleman here
who could convey our sentiments to them, he begged to pro-
pose " The Protestant Associations of Liverpool," and re-
quested that Mr. Crisp would convey their feeling to them.
Mr. CRISP said he was delighted to respond to that toast,
and he would guarantee that they had never drank the health
of a more truly loyal and Protestant body of men. Gentle-
men. perhaps you have heard of the shipwrights of Liverpool.
(Much cheering.) I have had some opportunity of witness-
ing their conduct, and. I will say that a more devoted body
of operatives I do not know than the Protestant operatives
of Liverpool. On their behalf, gentlemen, I heartily thank
you.

Mr. WILSON proposed " Mr. Plumptre and the real Pro
:estant Members of the House of Commons."

Mr. CRISP being allowed to propose a toast, begged to
give the health of a real great man, and a real defender of
pure Protestantism, through good report and evil report. I
say a great man because I understand greatness to consist in
goodness, and I understand goodness to consist in a true
Christian principle. Gentlemen, I care not for conservatism
unless based upon sound Protestantism, and I care not for
Protestantism unless it is based upon the unerring word of
God. I beg to propose " The Health of Lord Roden," and
his name is always connected with the Protestants of Ireland.
(Great cheering.)
" The Strangers who had favoured them with their com-
pany."
Mr. W. ALBISTON returned thanks.
After a few more toasts, the meeting separated at about
eleven o'clock.

CORRESPONDENCE.

THE ANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD

SlR,—Having observed in the sEctndard of fuesday last
some lengthened strictures upon the proceedings of the late
meeting of the Liverpool Anti-Slavery Society, permit me to
request. that you will afford room in your forthcoming publi-
cation for the correction of certain misapprehensions and in-
accuracies in the article to which I refer.

It is inquired by the writer, as " the ostensible object of
the meeting, was ' to take into consideration the duty of the
friends of the negro, with-reference to the present state of
slavery and the slave trade. throughout the world,' " " why
was the subject of the British colonies in the West Indies in-
troduced into the discussion ?" The vast importance Which
attaches to the successful issue of the experiment of emanci-
pation, in connexion with the discussion of the general ques-
tion of slavery, is of itself sufficient to warrant the most
searching inquiry into the progress, and a constant recur-
rence to the results of that experiment. Besides, the events
which have occurred in those colonies in the working out of
the great physical and moral transition, have not been of a
nature to justify any relaxation of the supervision which is
necessary on the part of this country, to the satisfactory es-
tablishment of the negro's rights. Further, it was incumbent
on those to whom the management of the meeting was com-
mitted, to review all that had been done in the struggle and
the triumph of the two years that had elapsed since the mem-
bers of the society were convened, and to state the measures
that had been adopted for the purpose of demonstrating to
other nations yet contaminated with the sin of slave-holding,
the propriety and expediency (confirmatory of the justice) of
abolishing the system.
The report noticed the attempted revival of the Hill Coolie
traffic. Documents are now before me (some of them are
before the public—otbers of them shall not long remain un-
published) from courts of justice in India, and from commis-
sions of inquiry in British Guiana and Mauritius, which fur-
nish ground for the apprehensions entertained, that if the
projects of certain parties had not been suppressed by the
government, a traffic no less to be deprecated, because no less
unjust and cruel than the slave trade would have threatened
thousands of helpless victims.
The remainder of the report furnished a comprehensive
sketch of the present state of slavery, and the slave trade in
various quarters of the globe.
After a most deliberate reflection, I am unable to discover
on what part of the proceedings of the meeting, as reported
in the Standard of Friday last, the writer of that article will
fix for proof of the insinuated charge of " the most relentless
persecution" of the planters.
The writer further observes—" Mr. Scoble said that, du-
ring his recent visit to the West Indies, 'he had found that
commerce flourished—that trade was never in a more healthy
condition than at the present time.' From this sweeping as-
sertion, we might refer that there had been, for the last two
years, no deficiency in the amount of exports from the West
Indies. Is this the fact ?" Now, had the writer of that ar-
ticle taken the trouble of referring to your own report of the
meeting, he would have found that Mr. Scoble's statement
was contrary to his own hypothetical inference, and fatal to
the ungenerous implication it involves. In that report, Mr.
Scoble is represented as. having before him an official docu-
ment giving the total amount of sugar exported during the
past year, as compared with preceding years. " Looking at
the whole of the colonies, the amount was 698,000 cwts. less
as compared with 1838, and 483,000 cwts. as compared with
1837." In another journal, Mr. Scoble is reported to have
" quoted two despatches from the governor of British Guiana,
both alluding to the extensive injury done by the drought."
" He also mentioned, as within his own knowledge, varions
estates on which the canes had yielded less last year in con-
sequence of the drought than was expected. In one instance,
from 10 acres of canes were expected 10 hhds., but had only
produced 7 ; in another, 80 acres yielded only 35 hhds., when
80 were expected ; on a third, 102 acres only furnished about
G 5 hhds. Thus they would perceive, that the falling off in
the amount of the crops last year was not owing to the indo-
lence of the negroes, but to the ordinances of providence."
That the reason assigned for the deficiency by the report
and by Mr. Scoble, was not unfounded, will appear from the
authority of Governor Light :
In a despatch- of April 2G, 1839; the Governor says
" The season, which had been excessively favourable at the
beginning of the year, and gave promise of large return, has
not, for upwards of 72 days, had a respite from excessive
drought; the consequence has been that the savannahs,
creeks, or lakes have been dried up ; the trenches having no
supply had been exhausted, and the canes have been left un-
cut from the impossibility of conveyance to the works.
This, then, is the chief cause of the failure, and not the
idleness of the peasantry, to which some of the planters are
disposed to ascribe it."

In an address to the combined court, on the 19th Febru-
ary, 1839, the Governor says :—" We have no right to
ascribe to emancipation the deficiency of staple products
since the Ist of August. If exportable produce be diminished
in quantity, it has increased in value ; if the planter do not
obtain full labour, yet his payments on that point are
lessened."

In a despatch from Governor Light, dated October 15,
1839, he notices the quantity of sugar shipped during the
third quarter of that year :—" It is considerably less than in
the corresponding quarters of 1831-32-33; it is in hogsheads
2,765 less than the corresponding quarter last year; but the
price of produce has increased in proportion to the diminu-
tion of the crop. It is a fact, that from the unfavourable
season during a portion of the year, the canes have yielded
one-third less than usual ; the last quarter of the year, con-
sidering the favourable season for the last month, is likely to
give a much larger return. I shall be prepared to shew by
the prices of the last twelve or fifteen years, that even sup-
posing the exports of sugar for the year 1839, from this colony
only, reach 35,000 hogsheads; the returns in money will be
larger than when the produce was at its greatest extent."
As to the imports into the colonies it will be sufficient to
quote the same high authority in a dispatch of May last.
Governor Light says,
" The increasing demands of British Guiana for manufac-
tured goods and other supplies have occasioned an additional
tonnage inwards of 10,618 as compared with that of the year
1836, and of 4,270 tons as compared with that of the
year 1837."

And again,
" It is presumed that the real decrease in the outward
tonnage is about 10,000 tons in 1838 as compared with 1837,
and this decrease is no greater than the result of the last
year rendered probable."
" I trust these remarks will enable your lordship to judge
of the real grounds for the outcry made by interested persons
against the diminishing resources of this colony."
Accordingly he addressed the combined council in these
terms.

" It could not have been expected that internal commerce
could probably long withstand any great diminution of ex-
portable produce—that the merchants do not anticipate tbip

is proved by the numerous stories established in all parts of
the colony where they were before unknown ; and though
those articles formerly wholesale to the planter are now no
longer reuuired, yet equal if not greater trade takes place
under a new form. You will agree with me that Georgetown
presents few symptoms of anticipated ruin."
These extracts cenfirmatory both of the report and of the
proceedings of the meeting are sufficient to produce con-
viction in every candid mind. _

Let an equitable and benevolent system of management be
established in that and other colonies, and the testimony of
Governor Light with regard to some estates will soon become
true of all—" Where tact, judgment, and conciliation have
exhibited a corresponding feelinz, steady labour has been
obtained." I am, sir, yours &c.,

April 23, 1840.

WILLIAM BEVAN.

IMMIGRATION INTO THE WEST INDIES.

TO FHE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.
SER,—Emigration from the British. settlements in India
to our WeA India colonies being at present prohibited, and
the number of emigrants from the United States being li-
mited, it seems necessary that some other. source should be
looked to from whence a supply may be obtained. Egypt
has been mentioned, but the state of political affairs seems
now to preclude any chance in that quarter. Mr. Earle' in
a memoir on the colonization of the north coast of Australia,
Writing of the advantages it possesses for obtaining a cheap
supply of labourers, seems to have pointed out a source from
whence such a supply may also be obtained for our western
colonies. He " considers China as the principal source,
emigration being most prevalent there ; but many of the
islands in the Archipelago, and Java in particular, would
also afford numbers who would probably be preferred by
European planters." It is at present unnecessary to say
anything of the Chinese, but it may he mentioned that the
" Cochinese are almost their equals in agriculture, but
greatly superior in moral character and conduct, and at the
same time equally disposed to emigrate for the sake of gain."
The natives of Java, being accustomed to the cultivation of
sugar, which is carried on to a large extent on the West
Indian plan, might probably suit even better than Coolies.
" They are decidedly an agricultural people, and of quite
'different dispositions from the Malays, to whom they are
always preferred on account of their quiet and orderly ha-
bits." Those who arc met with in Batavia are generally of
the worst description, and differ essentially from the natives
of the eastern part of the island, who are not contaminated
by the Chinese and Malays,. and from that part care should
be taken to select them. As they resort in numbers to
Scurabaya, Sainarang, &c., there is every facility for enga-
ging. The high rate of wages paid in the West Indies holds
out great inducements to emigrate, besides the desire to
escape the tyranny of the Chinese, who, as middlemen and
proprietors of a considerable proportion of the land in the
island, universally reduce the aboriginal inhabitants to the
most ignominious bondage. Bali and Lombok may also be
mentioned as likely to supply good labourers; the inhabitants
of both which devote their whole attention:, to agriculture,
raising large quantities of rice for exportation, as well as
coffee, tobacco, and cotton. They are stouter than the Ja-
vanese. A good many of them are at present employed by
the French in Bourbon.

Great facilities are presented for carrying on emigration
from these parts. Many of the passenger vessels which go
to Australia, not being able to procure return cargoes there,
proceed to ports in the India and China seas, many of them
calling at Lombok in passing ; and were they assured of
obtaining a cargo there or at Scurabava to the West Indies,
they would doubtless prefer it to making a lengthened and
dangerous voyage, and being detained a considerable period
at the port of lading; whilst, being fitted up under govern-
ment inspection in this country for carrying emigrants, they
would afford a most unobjectionable conveyance.
Hoping these few hints may be of some small service, I
am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,
Liverpool, 24th April, 1840. A. Z.

ROSCOE.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD,

SIR,—You will have noticed the articles headed as above
which have appeared in some of your contemporaries. As
all the articles have hitherto been directed against " Delta,"
without any attempt to remove the facts revived by him, and
as, in the multiplicity of words used on the occasion by the
editors of the Mercury and the Times, and by the Socinian
writer in the Courier of last Wednesday, the point in dispute
has not been touched, the following brief observations may
not be out of place.
I do not agree with " Delta" if he mean to institute a
comparison between the literary merit of the Dairyman s
Daughter and Lorenzo ; in fact no such comparison can be
instituted, the works ik question being of quite opposite or-
ders ; the one being intended to show the influence religion
has on the life, and the consolation it affords in the article of
death ; the other being the history of a man celebrated for his
attachment to learning, and for his encouragement of litera-
ture.

But it does not appear to me that " Delta" intended such
a comparison. All that he says is, that if Roscoe deserves
to have a statue erected to his memory merely on account of
his literary character and his being a native of Liverpool, and
this to be considered the work of the town, the friends of
Legh Richmond, a clergyman of the Church of England, the
writer of many works by no means destitute of literary me-
rit, and a native of Liverpool, have an equal right to have a
statue erected to his memory by the town.
Now, from the manner in which this matter of a statue to
Roscoe was first brought before the people of Liverpool, by
an anonymous correspondent of the Mercury, it appears that
it is not to be erected in honour of his literary, but of his
political character; if so, then " Delta" is right in objecting
to this being considered the work of the town.
If this is to be a statue erected by the town of Liverpool
to the memory of Roscoe, how is it nothing was heard of it
till " the statue was nearly ready?"—Again,
The sentiments of the principal portion of the inhabitants
of the town are quite opposed to the opinions advocated by
Roscoe in his political career. How then can a statue be
erected to him by the town ?
Till the above questions are answered, I shall agree with
" Delta" in thinking that no person will object to the friends
of Roscoe erecting a statue to him in any private situation,
on account of his literary merit, but that the majority of Dar
townsmen will object to its being placed in any public situa-
tion on account of his political character.
While I shall leave " Delta" to answer for himself the
pitiful charges which have been thrown out against him with
so much rancour, I cannot help expressing a wish that the
parties alluded to had, instead of abusing, overthrown the
facts brought before the public respecting the " doings" of
Roscoe;—but this they Were well aware they could not do.
• G.

LIVERPOOL ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

Ma. EDITOR,—WiII you allow me, through the medium o f
your paper, to call the attention of the proprietor of the
above gardens to the practice of charging for the admission
of children above four years of age. It is of course neces-
sary for some one to accompany a child, and that person
goes, in general, solely for that purpose. It seems hard,
therefore, to demand payment for the admission of two
persons. •
I use the freedom to suggest to the proprietor, the age of
ten years, as the limit for free admission, in lieu of four
years. Not only would he afford pleasure to many, by
adopting this course, but Ibelieve he would find it beneficial
to himself.—l am; sir, your obedient servant,
A FATHER.

STRANGE PROCEEDING IN A DISSENTING
CONGREGATION.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD,

Srri,-IThereisa certain portion of the dissenters of this
town who are continually harping upon what they call church
intolerance; but I think that you will agree with me that
the following occurrence, which lately took place, has seldom
been equalled. Many of your readers will recollect that a
young and talented preacher, of the Independent denomina-
tion, and minister of Newington Chapel, in this town, was
drowned in a mysterious manner, and his remains were in-
terred in the burying ground of the above-named chapel.
This melancholy event took place about twenty-nine years
ago. About four years since the Rev. Mr. Dallison, a mi-
nister of the same place, died, and his widow interred him in
the same grave with Mr. Spencer. This permission was
given to her by the trustees of the chapel. However, about
a month'since some of the official persons connected with the
chapel took upon themselves to take up Mr. Dallison's body,
arid put it in another grave, thinking, no doubt, that the re-
mains of one good man would corrupt the other. This pro-
ceeding has caused many of the congregation to leave, one of
which is Mr. Dallison s widow. This strange proceeding
has caused a great sensation among many of the respectable
dissenters, and who are sorry that Mr. Bevan, the present
minister, should have given it his countenance. It is said
that an insane woman, who resides on the Cheshire side of
the Mersey, has been the cause of this transaction, and as
she is very rich, of course the performers would be well paid.
B. B.

UNIVERSITY AND ECCLESIASTICAL

INTELLIGENCE.

(From the Oxford Herald.)
Yesterday, the following gentlemen were elected Fellows
of Oriel College.—Mr. Thomas Brooking Cornish, B.A. of
Trinity College ; Mr. Albany Jas. Christie, B.A. Sclufilar of
Queen's College, on the Michel Foundation ; and Mr. James
Fraser, Scholar of Lincoln College.
The Rev. R. C. Clifton, M.A. late Fellow of Worcester
College, has been presented to the Rectory of Somerton, in
this county.
The Rev. George William Burrow Wills, M.A. of Wadham
College, has been instituted to the Rectory of St. Leonard's,
Devonshire, vacant by the resignation of the Rev. Edward
Houlditch ; patron, Mr. Samuel Wills, of Crewkerne, So-
mersetshire.

The Rev. J. A. Latrobe,, late of St. Edmund Hall, and
formerly Curate of the parishes of St. refer and St. Owen,
Hereford, has been appointed Minister of the new Church of
St. Thomas, at Kendal, in the county of Westmorland.
The Rev. J. Hayes, B.A. of Magdalen Hall, and Curate
of St. Michael's Church, Manchester, having been appointed
to the Incumbency of Harpurhey, was presented, on Thurs-
day se'nnight, with a handsome pocket communion service
and case, with the following inscription :—" We, the under-
signed sidesmen and members of the congregation of St. Mi-
chael's Church, Manchester, respectfully present to the Rev.
John Hayes, B.A. the accompanying pocket communion
service and case, as a token of their respect and esteem for
his highly valuable and efficient services whilst Curate of the
above church. April 16, 1840."

PROMOTIONS.
Rev. Chas. Whately, M.A. of Trinity College, Cambridge,
to the newly consecrated Church of the Holy Trinity, at
Brinscomb, Gloucestershire ; patron, David Ricardo, Esq.
Rev. Wm. Charlton Frampton, M.A. of Trinity College,
Cambridge, to the Rectory of Buckland Ripers, Dorsetshire,
void by the resignation of the Ven. R. B. Bucke, Archdeacon
of Dorset.

Rev. C. C. Bartholomew, to the curacy of Lympstone
Devon.
__

Rev. R. Yonge, to the Chaplaincy of Wolstanton and
Burslem Union.

CORNS.—A. correspondent declares the following to be a
" never-failing remedy
.for corns," and as recommended by
J. Henderson, M.R.C.S., and therefore on respectable au-
thority :—Take of tincture of iodine 4 drachms, ioduret of
iron 12 grains, chloride of antimony 4 drachms; to be ap-
plied with a camel-hair brush, after paring the corn. The
sufferers will rejoice to learn that three applications are ge-
nerally sufficient. —Morning Herald.
The metropolis comprises an area of 70 square miles, or
about 91 miles in diameter, and thus assuming a radius of
five miles from St. Paul's Cathedral. Every year London
is adding to its population that of a city equal to York. The
total population of the metropolis is now 1,950,000, and by
the end of next year it will exceed 2,000,000, and in ten
years a population of 400,000 has been added, which is as
much as the ancient city in the time of Charles the Second.

A reprieve has been granted by her Majesty to Celia Tip-
pins, the wretched woman who was condemned to death, at
the late Gloucester Assizes, for the murder of her illegiti-
mate infant. She is to be transported for life. It is be.
cause there are circumstances in this unhappy creature's
case which render her as much an object of pity as her crime
excites abhorrence, that we participate in the general feeling
of satisfaction that she has been suffered to live, and that
she has an opportunity afforded her of repentance and
amendment.
