CARLOW ELECTION COMMITTEE.

The clerk of the committee appeared at the bar with the re-
duced list of this committee, the members of whlca accordingly
came to the table and were sworn :—Frederick Dundas. John
Rundle, John Henry Lowther, Lord Eliot, Hon. G. H. Caven-
dish, Philip Henry Howard, Thomas nouldwarth, Francia
Bernard Beamish, Edward Turner, Montague Edmund New-
combe Parker, Thomas Woo,t, of Brecon.

cituncit of SCOTLAND.
Sir R. Peel said the time had elapsed when the noble lord
promised to make a declaration as to the course he meant to
pursue with respect to the increased accommodation of the
Church of Scotland. Perhaps the noble lord would state to the
house whether it was the intention of her Majesty's govern-
ment to make any proposition.
Lord J. RUSSELL said it was his intention to make a propo-
sition on the subject, but he should not promise any motion
before Easter, but would state generally the !nature of the mea-
sure. With respect to the Act of 171)7, relating to unethausted
tiends in parishes, souse provision would be made Ma of them
for the endowment of large parishes, where the tiends where
exhausted. He did not, however, mean to propose those en-
'dowments, out of any public fund—(hear,)---but he intended
that there should be endowments for parishes in Ediuburgh.
Glasi,zow, and other places.
Mr. BinsEs postponed his motion with respect to First
Fruits.
Lord John ltussstr., in answer to a question from Sir Ro-
bert Peel, said that he should move the committee on the Irish
Poor Laws to.morrow, and his bon. friend the Secretary-at-
War would move the Army Estimates, Committee of Supply
on Monday.
The house adjourned at twenty minutes past six.

HOUSE OF LORDS.7-FRIDAY

The report of the Watermen's Act Amendment Bill was pre-
sented and agreed to.
Lord BROUGHAM (having presented several petitions against
the further endowment of the church of Scotland) wished the
Slavery Abolition Act Amendment Bill to be deferred until the
production of some further returns. After which (Lord Mel-
bourne having expressed his disinclination to postponement)
the noble and learned lord said at present it was impossible
to understand the was "itl-shaped and an abortion."
It was however, event natty deferred till Tuesday.
The Earl of Ansi:oh:EN asked whether her Majesty's govern-
ment was prepared to state what were the intentions of the minis-
try with regarrrto the question of additional endowments to the
church-or Scuifand.
Lord Alar.aocr.NE said the government intended to propose
that aid shouid 'he, granted out of the bishops' tiends, watch are
now id the possession of the crown.
The Earl of A DER DERN remarked that to take the de-
ficiency from the bishops' tiends, which had become public
property, would be equal to applying to the Cousolidated
Fund.

Lord BROUGHAM condemned the measure proposed, as one
of " spoliation."
The Earl of II DDINGTON expressed a like opinion.
The Archbishop of CA NTEtZI3 ity insisted on the inviolability
of church property.
The conversation then dropped.
The Bishop of EXETER inquired whether a Roman catholic
bishop in Canada had received, and continued to receive, £lOOO
a-year.
Lord GLRNELG answered in the affirmative.

Lord MINT() w shed Lord Brougham to allow an alteration of
an order made on a !Miner day for returns regarding the efforts
made to suppress slavery, the vessels on the African coast, &c.
In consequence of an interruption of Lord Brougham by Lord
Radnor, the former made a strong complaint against the noble
lord for such conduct.
The Archbishop of CANTERBURY presented a petition front
Canada, regarding the means of supporting the church establish-
ment there. It had neat lv 6000 signatures.
Lord RIPON went into details of the several acts on this sub-
ject, and concurred in the necessity of maintaining the established
church in the Canadas.
Lord GLENELG added that there was no subject that occupied
more attention than the means of maintaining the protestant
establishment in the colonies.
The petition was eventually ordered to lie on the table.—Ad-
journed.
