THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD

what avail is the sharpness of the sword, if it be not ready
to the hand of the smiler ? Once more we say, be up and
be doing, lest the curse of Meroz abide with von for ever.
" Curse ye, Min oz, saith the angel of the Lord, curse ye,
bitterly, the inhabitants thereof, because they came not
to the help of the Loid,- to the help of the Lord against
the mighty."—Carlton Chronicle.

LETTER TO FATHER TOM MAGUIRE, FROM THE
REV. L. J. NOWLAN.

October 26, 1836.
REV. srn,—Having but this moment received from a Chris-
tian friend a Fremun's Journal, containing a letter of 'ours,
dated from Liverpool, and directed to the Rev. Hugh M‘Neile,
I must say, that it is a document of the most unparalleled ef-
frontery, containing a wilful misrepresentation of my character,
and giving a barefaced denial to certain facts whose authen-
ticity cannot be impugned. Your letter seems to be the emana-
tion of your pen at one of those jovial hours when the priva-
tion of sense liberates you in some degree from the temporal
responsibility of proportionate atonement. But, Sir, as the
praise of an unrighteous man is as much to be dreaded as the
censure of a Christian, so should I rejoice at your disapproba-
tion, but repine at your eulogium. To moralise with you Sir,
would be only a loss of time. To use the implements of Chris-
tian warfare with such a character, would, I fear, be a profana-
tion of the Gospel, whilst a partial delineation of your offences,
is, I consider, one of the most effectual modes for reducing you
to some standard of moral civilisation. But, previous to my
entering on such a subject, or adverting to the passages in your
letter, it may be necessary I should lay a few facts before the
public to explain the cause of this correspondence.
About six months ago, I published a letter in the public
prints, accusing you having read from your pulpit, during your
Lent lectures, certain letters which you said had been written
by Protestants, but which, I heard from unquestionable autho-
rity, were actually concocted and written by the Friars of the
Chapel where you preached. I accused you of having► read
those documents from your pulpit for the purpose of deceiving
the publie, and attracting some share of attention to your un-
couth and vulgar lectures, and that you were privy to the com-
pilatiun of those forged documents.—Such is the statement I
then made, and which I now feel convinced to be true,—such
Were the accusations published in all the constitutional prints
of the day,—and such were the constitutional grounds upon
which the Rev. Mr. M'Neile refused any intercourse with you
until those accusations were rebutted.
How then, Sir, have you answered those accusations? I will

tell you. Six full months elapsed before yol attempted to an•
ewer these charges; thus affording to the public, from the length
df your silence, a most substantial proof of the justice of the
allegations and the consciousness of your own guilt. Another
proof of the justice of the accusation against you is this : the
Rev. Mr. 111'Neile, a Christian Minister, revived those charges
against you, by introducing before the public an extract from
my letter that contained them. How did you, Mr. Maguire,
act on the occasion? According to your usual vaunting, hum-
bugging, equivocating,' and jesuitical plans, you simply deny
the charge, and as the only proof of your innocence you call
on an English audience, or a " Liverpool tribunal," to try the
allegations that have been so justly imputed to you in Ireland:
This reminds me of an infamous character, by name C-n,
who, in the evasion of punishment for his crimes, fled_ from this
country to America, and being there upbraided with the enor-
mity of his offences, appealed to the American Council to sign a
declaration of his innocence. Your case is similar. What
could a British audience er a Liverpool tribunal learn by such
an investigation? Why not call for an inquiry in your own
country, where the justice of the allegations could be easily at-
tested ? Your self asseverations of innocence are of no weight
in public estimation.
In your letter you say, " I accept the defiance of naming the
Protestants from whom letters were received and read from the
pulpit during my Lenten lectures." I now call upon you, sir, to
name those Protestants. Tell us their residences and situations
in life. If those Protestants, whom yeti mention, were so scru-
pulous upon the subject of religion as to send you controversial
letters during your Lent discourses, how is it possible they
should remain silent as to my supposed unjustifiable attacks
upon your character; or why should they nut write to me either
publicly or privately, and say that you were an injured man, and
that I wrongfully accused you? But no such communication
has over reached me, though six months have now elapsed since
I arraigned you before the public for the forgeries. But per-
haps, sir, you have suborned some nominal Protestant to assist
you in this emergency, and to accept the responsibility of your
forged documents. nave you found during your six months'
silence such a Protestant, who, on this occasion, would barter
his title to religion for mere snob popularity, and would sacrifice
principle for the attainment of priestly interests ? Appoint, sir,
a public inquiry. Let us appear before that tribunal; and, in
addition to my former charges, I will establish other facts of no
less importance. I will clearly prove you admitted to many
Romish Priests that, during your controversy with the Rev. Mr.
Pope, you had recourse to fictitious documents, by referring to
supposed works that never existed; whilst you also boasted that
you had taken extracts from German books, winch extracts you
had known to be unjustly curtailed and falsely applied. How,
therefore, can the Rev. Mr. M'Neile. or any other Christian
Minister, enter the list of controversy with so unprincipled an
antagonist ?

a-another part of your letter you denominated me as " asus-
pended, degraded, and apostate priest." Is this the language
of what you call yourself at the commencement of your letter, an
" inoffensive advocate ?" No, sir, but it is the language of a
reckless calumniator, who would substitute abuse for argument,
and who, being afraid openly to controvert the motives that
influenced my religious change in life, would endeavour to fasten
this unwarrantable stigma on my character. Yes, sir, your
charge is a gross, palpable, and wilfully malicious representation,
and which, now in the attitude of fearless defiance, I call upon
you openly to substantiate, by your mentioning the time, the
place, or cause of your pretended suspension. But, sir, this you
cannot do, fur you are perfectly aware that your allegation is a
gross, false, and unfounded calumny, unworthy of any man save
the character of my accuser. Are you not perfectly aware, sir,
that from the day of my ordination to the morning of my re-
nouncing the superstitious errors of Romanism, I always
exercised the privileges and discharged the duties of a Roman
Catholic clergyman ? Are you not aware, sir, that this state-
ment, together with my interview with the Roman Catholic
bishop upon my leaving the Church of Rome, were published
in the public prints of the day, as also in my pamphlets, and that
none had the effrontery to contradict their truths ? But, sir, by
whom is the charge of my being a suspended priest brought
against me? It is brought by the innocent, the blameless, the
harmless, and religious Rev. Tom Maguire—by you, sir, whose
nights are turned into days, because of your revellings—by you,
sir, whose money, when either acquired at the gambling table,
or wrung from the wretchedness of an impoverished people, is
seldom expended among the circles of honourable life.
Yes, sir, the unfounded charge of suspension is made against
me by you, who had been often temporarily suspended, and
frequently silenced, by your own bishop—whilst your daily and
nightly crimes are so many successive transgressions of your
clerical statutes, and continually call for the punishment of per-
petual suspension. Who, then, sir, should enter the lists of con-
troversy with such a character as you, whose projects are for no
other purpose than that of attracting notoriety, and in whose
life no single trace of even external religion is observable ?
At the conclusion of your letter you request that the Rev. Mr.
M`Neile would answer you, either on the evening that you had
written or next morning, and acquaint you whether he would
enter on oral controversy with you or not. is the Coryphmus
of Romanism entirely mad, or is there no remnant of sobriety
left him ? In the commencement of your last letter you rank
yourself among the inopnesve advocates of your religion, and
still in the same breath you wilfully and maliciously call me a
degraded and apostate priest !! ! Again, in the conclusion of
the same letter, you call upon the Rev. Mr. M‘Neilo to insti-
tute an inquiry before a British audience or a Liverpool tribunal
to investigate certain charges against you, and upon which the
Rev. Mr. M'Neile deservedly grounds his objections or holding
any intercourse with you, until such charges bo rebutted; and
yet, before any British audience could be appointed, or any Li-
verpool tribunal appealed to, you call upon the same Rev. Mr.
M`Neile to answer your letter the same Rev. Mr. M'Neile to
answer your letter the same evening on which it is written, and
acquaint you whether he will hold an oral controversial inter-
course with you or not!!!
In conclusion, allow me to conjure you to turn from your evil
ways, and be converted to the Lord. Though your crimes be
numerous, still the Lord is mighty to save, and merciful to par-
don. You know, sir, that you disbelieve many of the supersti-
tious novelties of the Romish Church. You know, sir, you have
often expressed your doubts upon the doctrine of Transubstan-
tion and the inconsistencies of the Mass. You know, sir, I often
challenged to meet you either publicly or privately upon these
subjects, and am always ready to do so in the spirit of good feel-
ing at any time, place, or under whatever circumstance you may
appoint. Should you meet me, I would easily prove to you,
that our works, though good and pleasing to God, when they
are grounded on faith, should not be said to merit salvation ;
for we are poor, sinful, end finite beings,and consequently no
action of ours could be said to merit an infinite blessing, and
that it is through the merits of Jesus Christ alone, and his
atonement we can expect salvation; for your Roman Catholic
Bible says, in the 3d chap. of Titus—" Nut by the works of
justice which we have done, but according to his mercy he saved
us; " and again, in the 2d of Ephesians it is said—" BY grace
you are saved through faith, and that not of yourselves, for it is
the gift of God and not of works, lest any man should boast,"
Hoping, sir, that a regard for impartial justice will obtain in-
sertion for this article in the Freeman's Journal, and the ether
papers that contained your unfounded calumnies against my
character.—l remain, your well-wisher,-.in Christ,

. OLAN.
P.S.—The above fetter will suffice, as an answeNr, before a
discerning public, for another document of yours, dated Bal-
littamore, October, 1835, and which appeared to the Freeman's
Journal and Morning Register.

FURTHER EXTRACTS FROM THE NEW WHIG
DICTIONARI%
We perceive in some cages the anthote names are given to
the definitions and quotations, we therefore give them Acre we
can.

APPROPRIATION.—Robbing Peter to pay Paul.
Aitsin'aorutArtow.—Giving money fur that which it was
Fa
rest Tain HE
t.— L num.—
amThe full enjoyment of every bad passion without
b.
Extracting servitude without pay. (Formerly called slavery.)
This is enjoyed to the greatest degree in the " Land of Liberty,"
America, the largest slava-holding, country in the world.—
nobba ck.
PLF.DGE.—A guarantee which you intend to break.—llutne.
r—tCheant• cant of public faith?--Papist agitators
logging men till they cannot stand.—Robbas.
111;viu.tijahi,ta;LALI:cal Fir.eyALlT
The separation of man, wife, and children, when suffering
under the crime of poverty.—Blotmt.
i ' a lALITY.—The act of placing all your own relatives in
all the M
vacant offices, they being as a matter of course the most
suitable.

If I again had fifteen places,
I'd fill them with the fifteen gra-ces.—Gray.
licrong.—A cmilplete pulling down of every existing insti-
lotion, to make clear room for new experiments.—llejolin.
TRUTH.— A difficult word, which has puzzled all the authors,
and is not at all understood by them.
scrupulous,
BALLOT.—An open and honest way to cheat your friends.
PA It I. IA MLNT.—A place to make money.
When you're on making money bent,
,Htueitler-minded,
You'd better Co to parliament.—Cupid.
ieoirCtiiiiesntj o' ff—d
your
iPiu kind-heartedin,lT;ccATl(6).N—r.a—Ace:llonf accomplished,
a deduction from others' salaries. B
-__ room.

HoNEsTy.—Cheating when you are not Neon ; lying when
you are not heard; stealing when it suits your purpose.--A
Compilation (f all the IrhigAnthors.
PENStoN.—A bad thing for others, but good for yourself,
like Morrison's pills in large doses.
That's a subject 1 won't mention—
Deduction from a statesman's pension.—Lanesdown.
STA TESMA N.—Any man who can talk loud and long, with
courage enough to niolo all that wise men have done.
RESIGN a TION.—The meaning of this word is unknown to the
authors Of the work. They eau mere-ly define it—" Being
turned out."

CONDITION OF THE BRITISH LEGION IN SPAIN

TO THE SUITOR OF THE TIMES.
Strt,—Having a few moments of leisure from avocations im-
portant in comparison with those of the legion, I am induced,
by hearing some of the radical-whig community endeavouring
to throw incredulity over the recent letter by an ex-officer of
the British Auxiliary Legion, by asserting that the statement
was a forgery of The Timer. .
Loaning you, sir, to settle that point with them, I proceed to
relate a few anecdotes in illustration of what I have advanced,
and also to prove its authenticity. To do this the more effec-
tually I shall give the sentiments or opinions of those with whom
I have conversed on the matter in point.
"In sober seriousness, the legion, when it first came out,
amounted to nearly 12,000 men, (in March, 1836, the time
spoken of.) I think now that it is not 5,000 strong." How can
you account for so great a diminution? But few hundreds have
fallen by the enemy's shot.
At Vittoria alone I should think that near 3,000 were car-
ried off by the fever! a fever arising from privations of divers
kinds, but principally from the general's choosing that malaria
spot to play at-soldiers in."
A second person :—" So great was the mortality, that the
dead were taken off by cart-loads, and thrown into a hole; bit
on one occasion so loaded was one of these Spanish horses, the
it broke down in the public market-place, and precipitated iti
contents into the streets, and presented such a spectacle tha
Spanish blood ran cold."

';;Could the general have averted the calamity of disease break-
ing out among his troops ?—Yes, because no man ought to have
undertaken so arduous a duty, unless he was well acquainted
with the unhealthiness of this among other parts of Spain, and
the plains of Vittoria are notorious for being the burial-ground
of foreigners. What Wellington!s army suffered ought to have
been his experience. " Happy are those who profit by the ex-
perience, but still more so are those who profit by the expe-
rience of others." Wellington had not the option of choosing
his ground, but Evans had, in a great measure, his.
Again, by a third :—" The old general, one would think by
his proceedings, considered the art of war consisted in the play-
ing of soldiers." The fact is, the men have been jaded by un-
necessary drillings, being often at it from five o'clock in the
morning till sunset. Even the horses were knocked up by this
ill-judged and unsuldierly system. By four o'clock a. in. they
were ordered to be taken to be watered, and often when the
water was frozen. The consequences were, that the two regi-
ments of Lancers were reduced to about 200, and consolidated
in one regiment, the Ist, whose strength is about that number,
the effective horse force of the British Auxiliary Legion.
The old general likes to have about him men in full tog ; and
he generally judges of a man by his expensive equipments; a
fine feather seems more his favourite than a brilliant action. A
word as to their every day, I may say every hour, courts-martial.
So annoyed was a surgeon of the British Auxiliary Legion by
the repeated sittings of these jacks in office at his billet, when
some poor devil or another had got into a scrape for some frivo-
lous infraction of the strict letter of their childish "general or-
ders," that he satirically inquired—
" What poor cat was to be tried to-day,
For killing a mouse on a Sunday ?"
London, Nov. 5. EDW. FAITHFUL, an ea-Officer.
