and when 14 beneficial effects were made more manifest, he
did hot know but it might turn out one of the greatest mea-
sures of the present government. The learned gentleman
proceeded to analyse the testimony very ingeniously and nsi,
gutely. There was no evidence, he said, except that Of Ali
Crossley, that the prisoner Turner was in the mob.actively
engaged, and the evidence of Eli Crossley was 'such as no
prudent man could rely upon. He dwelt upon the difficulty
of recognition under such eircumatances. The evidence
amounted to no more than mere suspicion, and he'eatnegtly
called upon the jury to 'acquit the :priSorier.
Grace Sutchif (ealled by Mr. AboLPitus).--Witness sta-
ted that she knew Wordsworth Mill, which Was a good piece
of a mile from the church of Todmorden, on the Bacup road.
Holt's house was about -half a mite from the same place.
John Holt was the father-in4aw of Lord. Went into Holt's
house on the day of the riot, about ten minutes after the mob
passed. Found Jantts Lord there. He was eating.
By Sergeant XTCHERLEY.—Saw him about five or ten
minutes. Never said that she only saw him just as the riot-
ers passed,
Henry Sutcliffe, son of last witness, saw the mob pass 'on
the 21st of November, a little before four o'clock. Had tea
about five o'clock. While at tea heard a noise of bustle and
many voices. Saw the prisoner, Lord, between the 'time
when the mob went up and the time be had tea. Saw him
at the Woodsworth mill toll bar, 'about twenty or twenty-
five minutes past four. The mob had.passed.a littlepaa four
o'clock. Did not see anything of him. Witness give the
prisoner' Lord, a goodcharacter.
Sally Holstead, wife of William Trblitead, publican, at
Woodsworth-mill, was at honic'on %'he 21st of November.
Saw the mob pass a few minutes before four o'clock, in the
directionof Mr. lielliwelfs. After they had pissed saw
James Lord. It was about twenty minutes or half an hour
after. When he (come in he called for a quart of Ale. Four
or five persons came in and joined him in drinking it. He
remained 1a till after the mob came back. Hewes there per-
haps halt an hour altogether. A man named Luke Barker
came in after the mob came back. They sat down, but
when the mob came back, Lord went to the door, Hef re-
turned in again, and stopped some time, but she could not
say how long.
On cross-examination by Sergeant ArentieY, witness
said there were about ten persons- in the 'house altogether,
but she could not state who any of them were except Luke
Barker.

Luke Barker, Schoolmagter, deposed that, on the 21st of
November, he was at Coaholme, which is about 300 or 400
yards from the White Lion. He heard a great noise and
shouting, and went to the White Lion, where he saw Lord.
The crowd went past, and they went to the door to see it.
Lord remained after the mob had gone past ; he took a pint
Hof ale afterwards; and seated himself in the kitchen.
Deaning Whittle stated, that he was in the employ of Mr.
Fielding. This witness deposed to having seen the mob bear
Todmerden Hall, and subsequently when they were leaving
that place. He saw Lord looking on, and he and Lord went
away together.
Joseph Barker, servant to Mr. Fielden,,provedthat rross-
ley had asked him if Lord was present at the cache of the riot,
and that he said he was very serrylehaganything to do with
it—he did it because others did ; he had sworn to him (Lord,)
but he was not sere he was there ; perhaps he might be
mistaken.

Mr. Sergeant ITC RE replied.—He opened his address
by alluding to the observations made by the tories relative
to the new poan,linr. He confessed that he had made asser-
tions respecting Mr. Fielden, which he had failed to prove.
Ile chartaerised the allusions of Mr. Dundas respecting the
tories as irregular.
I4is LORDSHIP said the learned attorney-general had him-
self been guilty of an irregularity in introducing the name of
Mr. Fielden at all, but the counsel on the other side had
been guilty of a much greater one, in introducing anything
whatever about party politics.
Mr. DUNDAS said he felt compelled to do so, in conse-
quence of the attorney-general having distinctly stated that
Lord had been promoted in the service of Mr. Fielden, an
insinuation that was materially affected by the fact which he
had stated in his address.

Ills LORDSHIP said the proceeding was nevettlitiest ex-
ceedingly irregular.
Mr. DuNDAS.—Your lordship says lam 'irregular. Your
lordship will please to remember that I nra counsel for the
prisoner, and that the learned Attorney-general is counsel for
the government.
Baron PARKR.•=It is always the case, that one irregularity
begets another of greater magnitude. The counsel on one
side are irteetlar, and those on the other take care to repay
the irregularity with interest. We ought not to have any
aliesieft whatever 'to party politics. Such influences are not
proper in a court of justice ; they are not usual, and, I trust,
never will be.

The learned SERGEANT then proceeded with his reply.
The JUDGE charged the jury at great length. He said
with respect of the policy or impolicy of the law they had
nothing to do. Every man that did not like the law might,
in this free country, express his disapprobation of it in a
proper place, they had the privilege of petitioning parliament
against it, but so long as it was the ease, all men, as good
subjects, were bound to obey it ; the jury, whatever their
opinion might be, were bound to inquire whether the law
had been obeyed ; and it was his (the learned Judge's) busi-
ness, if it were proved that the law had not been obeyed,
to apportion the punishment.. _ _

The jury retired at four o'clock. They returned at half-
past six, and 'delivered in a verdict of acquitted as regarded
Lord. Turner they pronounced Guilty, but recommended
him to mercy, they being of opinion that he had been insti-
gated by others.
Tire learned JUDGE ordered that Lord should he dis-
charged, Turner is to receive sentence this moesdtsg.

SENTENCE OF MARY ANN RV X'S
Mary Ann Ryan was placed at the bä 1.. His LORDSHIP,
addressing the prisoner, said the jury had found her guilty
of having administered poistn with intent to murder Mrs.
Power. He had ordered judgment of death to be recorded
against her. Theitrry had recommended her to mercy, on
account of her youth. Though, through the mercy of God,
there had been no loss of life, yet that did not lesson her
guilt ; and he had had great hesitation in yielding to the
recommendation of the jury, and in bringing himself to the
conclusion that her life should be spared. His Lordship,
after commencing with much feeling and force on the magni-
tude of the crime, and on the degree of malignity that,
notwithstanding her youth, the prisoner had evinced, inti-
mated to her that she would be transported for life, and that
she would be placed amongst the worst class of criminals,
and where she would be for the remainder of her existence,
not merely in a state of slavery, but in a state of perpetual
confinement, in one of the worst abodes of wretchedness
and misery.
