COLONEL ARTHUR.

Mr. T. DUNCOMBE adverted to a statement that he had made
on the previous evening, in the course of the discussion on
flogging in the army, respecting an officer who had superin-
tended half minute lashes: he had been called on to name the
officer—it was Col. Arthur.

Mr. C. I. E RcussoN hoped that the house would not judge any
man without affording hint the opportunity of defending .him-
self:

Sir H. HARDINGE and Sir GEORGE GREY expressed their
conviction, from their knowledge of Colonel Arthur, that he
would not lose an hour ater hearing of the charge, in explain-
ing his conduct or demanding inquiry.
Mr. P. M. STEWART deferred his motion regarding the
aggressions of Russia, on the understanding that ministers, on
some future supply night, would afford hint the opportunity of
bringing the,subject forward. .
The births', &c., registration bill, and the marriages bill, were
seveially read a second time, after much desultory conversa-
tion, and on the understanding that when the amendments to
the registration bill in particular (there being some amend-
ments to add in committee), were made, the dISOSSIOII 4hould
•
be taken.
Lord J. RUSSELL stated, in answer to inquiry, that registries
of the church would not he disturbed—they would- continue to
egister baptisms and burials according to the present form;
hut that there would be a general national registration of
births and deaths, without any exceptions.
Mr. GOU 1,E31. RN, in reference to the marriages bill, feared
that it would afford dangerous facilities to clandestine mar-
riages.
The Bishopric of Durham bill was read a second time.
The mutiny bill and the marine mutiny bill were read a third
time and passed ; as was the abolition of slavery (Jamaica)
bill.

Mr. C. Woon, io a committee of supply, moved the remain-
ing navy estimates. He stated, in answer to inquiry from Mr.
Buckingham, that so ready had men been to enter the service,
that fishermen and boatmen who used to run away on the ap-
pearance of a pressgang, now came forward and willingly en-
tered the service.—Adjourned.

"SEARCH THE SCRIPTURES."—Not 100 miles from Cork
Roman Catholic clergyman, named Mathews, has been for a
considerable period engaged in preaching doctrines at direct
variance with the essential tenets of popery. He is remarkable
for more than a common measure of intelligence and education,
Combined with a degree of refinement unusual amongst the ec-
clesiastics of his [present!' profession. At the close of several
months he delivered a discourse on the text " Search the Scrip-
tures,"—so awakening—so contrary to the whole genitis of po-
pery, as to bring down on him the rebuke of his bishop. The
Rev. Mr. Olie'efe was despatched with a commission to make
personal inquiry into the views and transgressions of Mr. Ma-
thews. After an intet view of two hours with this delinquent
against the laws and customs of popery, Mr. O'Keefe returned
to the bishop with a request that daily further communications
tweerme to be made to Mr. Mathews, he might not be charged with
h ,as he had come to the conclusion that Mr Mathews had
acted in accordance with the dotictrittes and comm. ands of scrip-
ture. The astonishment of bishop at this annunciation
may be more easily understood
It!leaenn described ; and that asto-
nishment, we dare say, has
diminished by the fact, that
in. the ro
Mr. O'Keefe is now followingnttveuts of Mr. Mathews,
and is preaching what we have been t
to believe is no
other lima the pure scriptural doctrines of salvation.—Dublin
Record.
