DIVIDENDS,

Jan. 12, J. Owen, Oheapside; warehouseman.—Jan. 10, R. 11. Yin-.
son and W. Shoults._ 'Maze, Southwark, and To er-street, carper,-
ters.--cfan. 10, T. C. anwkes, Little Abingdon-stroct, Westminste-
coal-merchant, Jan. 9, F. O. J. Mott. King-street. Bloornsbur),
coach-maker.-4art. 10, 'f. J. Hurrell, York-street, Portinan--tprare,
surgeou.—Jan. .IL Toon, Cornwall-road, Waterloo-road, ro,•(-r.
Jan. 9, J. lloaliold; Gilbert-streetKixford-street, brazier.—J4u: 10,
W. Hill, sen., Iligli-street, Southwark, salter.—Jan. 10, C. Ingrain.
Salisbury, iltshire, currier.—Jan. 9, E. Hodgson and W. Lacy,
King Edward-street, Wapping, porter-Merchants.—Jan. 9, 11. Bad-
cock, Gutter-lane, warehouseman.—Jan..9, W. Browell and R. Brew-
ster, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, merchants. an. 10, A. W. and J. Bel-
lairs, Stamford, Lincolnshire, and Derby, bankers.—Dec. 27, T.
Walker, Burslem, Staffordshire, iron-founder.—Jan, 10. E. Shute,
Bristol, wine-merchant.—Jan. 18. F. and L. B. T. Sharp, Brighton,
lodging-house-keepers,—Jan. 10, S. B. Fry, Bristol. hosier.
CERTIFICATES to be granted, unless cause be shewn to the con-
trary On or before the Bth day of January.
T. Whittard, Dursley. Gloucestershi-e, shop-keeper,—J. C. Burck-
hardt, King-street, Golden-square, Westminster, Jeweller.—E. All-
ford, Bishopsgate-street-within, upholsterer.—ll. Ri.'maiden,, Liver-
pool, wine-rhyrchant.—S. Cooke; Manchester, timber-deer.—W.
Ford, Liverpool, builder.—G. Phillips, Bishops-gate-street-within,
irothriOnger.

Passengers in the NeW York, Captain HOXie, from New
York :—Messrs. John Shaw, Thomas Frith, John Crawford;
John Sprostow, James- Lefferts, Robert Richardson, and Ro-
bert Rogers, of England. Messrs. Henry Marshall, Josiah T.
Marshall, and Amos Lay, of the United States; and Messrs.
Alexander Clarke, John S. Camirbell,William Webster, Cuth-.
bert Cummings, Edmund Thompson, and Henry Sharpies, of
Canada. . . ..

Passengers by the Ariadne, from Quebec :—Captain Alex-
ander M'Call, Mr. Mills; and Mr. Beattie.

STRANGERS' FRIEND SOCIETY., 4,..,4:....0.4,..LH.;..,7...,.,, „
We are happy to announce the folloing Conyibui
last ten days, to this important charity :
William Brown, Esq.,. per Mr. William Coiner...
Mr. W. J. Gandy, per ditto" ' •
George Ileald, Esq., (annual) B. .
Mr.. Octavius Waterhouse •
Miss M. Waterhouse . . ss A ',O -(#)(a ~..._4lfii,
Miss A. Waterhouse CV4i ~if,P....... !
_.
MesSrS. A. Heywood,- Sons, & Co., per W. Comer cliff . ... ,14. t--f .7.3oin'!,q.
Mr. Thomas Sands, per ditto- cf.,.,f„. .N.i.101-, t ,)•.‘,
Mr. Turner, per ditto *!'''''''' l. .it'AC._i*,-,
ar ' t" '
Committee for Win.. Ewalt, Esq.'s Election .....••• ~..-.. •
-Y. Z• ' -•- " . ll..
Mr. W. Kay .,
- -

Itfons< 0„,
•-• 0
**; efiso-.120t
P - W''1•411,421•1

• •

THE LONDON PRESS.

M DDLESEX ELECTION.

We rejoice to learn, that England may yet escape the
sin and disgrace of. exhibiting the denouncer of all who
Would acknowledge the Providence of God as the repre-,
sentative fur the metropolitan county. Sir Charles
Forbes, than whom there lives not, we .believe, d.-fitter
representative for the Character of a Christian English-
man, has consented to replace Lord Henley ; and could
we recal the time• which that weak and wavering per-
son's misconduct has sacrificed, the late .defettion would
be more than compensated. However, if the Christian
electors of Middlesex do their duty, and if they are indif-
ferent; or•even lukewarm in the dfgcharge of it, their pre-
tensions to religion of any kind are extremely.vestion-
able, if the. Christian electors exert flernselves---as, if
they are really 'Christians (and not merely such in name)
they will—to disarM the enemy of their religion of the
power of injuring it, they are perfectly able to return Sit
Charles Forbes and Mr. Byng.
We know the cry that_is:ralsed-agttinst any appeal to
the religious feelings of the people, or any scrutinising
of the'religious tenets of public men—we know it, and
we, scorn it. •

Were we as little impressed with the truth of revela-
tion as they are who- raise the yell, We should despise it
for the stupid clumsiness of the fraud,for the transparent
pretence of so•much prOtitable disgust and well conned
extemporaneous indignation as accompanies it.-Standard.

THE NEW PARLIAMENT;

The elections for the English boroughs hfe :now near-
_ ly complete, and they verifr_many of. our fears' and ap-;
prehenstons as to the result of the very extensive change
that has been made in the elective system Of the country.
• The bludgeon-and-brickbat doctrine, which was so strong-
- ly patronized by the organs of the government in the elec.;
tion of 1831, exercises its full influence on the general
character of the present election; and the wild undefined
desire of change is throughout' the boroughs the ruling
- ground-work for popular favotir. It was • often stated iu
the debates of the last and previous session that the anni7
hilation of the close boroughs would be the means of ex 4
. eluding almost entirely the representatives of our colonial
• posiessrons and other distant dependencies. This apprei
hension is now fully verified. - -The government were
sedulous in inculcating on the country that nothing was
- so foolish and inconsistent with our interests as to hold
colonies, and they made
.common cause with the Dissen.;
ters and Radicals in giving currency to every statement,
however exaggerated, that was offered respecting colonial
slavery.- This was done without the slightest regard to
truth, and eveneontrary to the clearest evidence of what
was true. The consequence has been tire-every member
of the late parliament who took any part in the investi-
gation, respecting the state of society in the West Indies,
with the view of bringing before the- public an honest
exposition of the truth, has, by the influence of the gov-
ernment and their sectarian associates, been excluded
from any voice in the present parliament. As regards
our Indian possessions the case is nearly similar; so now
< that amiable and intelligent young man, Lord Howick,
and his sapient and simple follower, .Lordtioderich, may
promulgate what "Orders in Connell " they please, and
plaoe in them all the absurdities they think fit, without
meeting parliamentary challenge or exposure. We hear
.from very good authority that the memorable. Budget is
to be reproduced, and that the Canadians and shipowners,
who then fought, through their representatives, so gal-
lantly- and Successfully in upsetting and exposing that
extraordinary producrion, are now to have it saddled upon
them by the wisdOm and authority of the reformed parlia-
ment. Y if the government 'have been successful in -.ma-
• king their own crudities pass 'Current in regard to these
interests, their management has been equally successful
in shutting out almost ail the great legal talent of ti e
country, who might venture to criticise and expose the
less learned proceedings and derangements of our present
Lord (_ hancellor. We would ask if there was any legal
Man in the House of Commons who gave so much use-•
fill assistance to the legislature during the last two ses-
siong as Sir Edward Sugden ? It has been the special and'
• unwearied object of our Whig rulers to exclude him from•
parliament, and they have succeeded. Their exertions
have been equally successful in excluding Mr. 'Pember:
ton; and lye would further ask any man in this country.
who is qualified to judge on the case, if there be any men
connected with his Alajesty-s government who hold in the
opinion of•the country one-hundredth part the authority :
teat these two gentlemen do fur all legislative purposes ?
This is a subject we shall have after-cecasions< of recur_
:curing to, It is one that the mind-of the country must
.engage itself with ; and we mistake much if this frenzy in
-favoura Whi<, and Radical movement can be of long
o
-con tin u ance ming Post.

The most moderate and rational of the new members,—
all those, in short, who support the ministry have agreed
that the reform bill, cr the. reformed., parliament, which
springs from it; is merely the instrument for effecting
furl her imprGrenants. in our institutions, and for insur-
ing to the people the benefits of good government. "Many
of them, like Mr. James Brougham, at Kendal, have
shown a peculiar zeal to effect reforms in the church
(Abets have- declared more energetically against mono-
pole, and particularly against the monopoly of bread ;
and a third party have dwelt with peculiar emphasis on
the —necessity of an immediate change in our colonial
system; but none, except Cobbett, have announced pro-
jects of spoliati-Jn. With respect to the reform bill itself,
tho Ugh Many, have spoken in favour of an extended con-
stituency,—of the ballot, and of shorter parliaments, vet
the majority—the great majority, declare against the
apparent necessity of any immediate change. It has
"worked well" during -the-presentelectiont.; it has sent
into the House of Commons; or is likely to send, men
who fairly represent the national feelings, who are, at
least, on a par with the national intelligence, and who
have made every pledge to .support the national interests..
',Me people ought, therefore, honestly to try the efficiency
of this instrument before they admit the expediency of
attempting its improvement, and not to act with that
fickle love of alteration with which the Puritans are -ac-
cused in Hudibras:=

." As if Ike Senate was intended
For nothing else but to be mended."

Tines.

, The city and borough elections are now concluded,
and the public are viewing, with great anxiety, the.con-
duet and approaching issue of the county representation.
The system of class constituency, and the influence of the
aristocracy in the counties, expose the reformers to great
risk; management acid union can alone insure the return
Of liberal men. I he system of double returns, or two
members fqr the same constituency, may alWays work a
fraud on the elective franchise; and notoriously often ends
in the defeat of- that candidate • who polls the
.greatest
number of eleetors! " Splits," or divided votes, by a mi-
nority of electors will always seat two candidates, to the
exclusion of a third supported by a majority of voters ! It
-is unquestionably-the •ttuty- .of the liberal elector, When
there are three candidates In the field, and only one can-
didate advocating the political opinions of reformers, to
Eire his first atachiet support to" the liberal candidate.
hen there.are three candidates,—one liberal, and two
rank torics,:thtlyefortn elector 'should vote plumpers ;
inn where onc.iounil iefut mer and a .moderate . reform-
er,"4incl an undiFguisefl'tory • are the. three- candidates,

the eleetor§ must beware how they allow the.(.;onstitueney,
to split for the two latter. • It is the duty and policy of
the reformers in such case to support the moderate re-
former, and thatitain the cross support of his partisans, or
otherwise the .moderate reformer and the tory coalescing,
will by split votes: oppose the reformer. This rule applies
to all the counties where -contests exist under such cir-
cumsianees,between three .candidates., • Lbcal jealousies
and party *bigotry must give way to publk
ing Chronicle. .

THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

. „
ment of the Dutch army towards the scene of operations
---:13,000 Prussian" troops assembled between Gueldres
and AiX-la-Chapelle on the Meuse—if these be not symp-
toms of war—if this be not actual war—we with 'the
schoolmaster, if he be at home, would tell us what war is.
In the Guardian of yesterday was published exclu-
sively, the "Declaration of Prussia to the German Diet,"
of date the 6th instant, but which none of the ministe-
rial journals, with that instinctive candour which distin-
guishes them, have dared to publish. The orders from
the Treasury must have been to suppress it ; and well-
timed perhaps was the suppression, for it would have
been of itself the best commentary on the speech of Lord
Palmerston. Old Franklin, of America, after listening
to a lengthy oration from some brother yankee in Con-
gress, used to reply to it by standing up, taking off his
Quaker hat, and uttering with imperturbable gravity the
word " nonsense." This, say the American historians,
had a wonderful and salutary effect upon the-prosy speak-
ers of the revolution. Had a yeoman of Hampshire re-'
plied to the noble secretary in the same brief dissyllabic,
the answer would have been most appropriate. For,
certainly' a greater tissue of nonsense never fell from the
lips of any one of his Majesty's ministers—Mr. Thomas
Macauley and Lord Durham not excepted. We are not,
at war with Holland ! The war is " a mere creature of
the vivid imagination and exuberant fancy 'of those v"vho
set up the cry." After this, let us have no more libels
upon Bedlam. The man who is mad there considers him-
self the only sane person in the world, and Lord Palmer-
ston, who is not in Bedlam, is of the same . opinion.
'Strait waistcoats were made in vain!—Guardian and
Putlic Ledger.
