THE POOR LAW.

Lord WYNFORD presented a petition from Lewes against the
Poor Laws Amendment Act, representing that crime had much
increased in Sussex since the passing of that act.
The Duke of RictimoND denied that this representation was
founded on fact.

Lord WINFORD replied that such might be the case in the
noble duke's part of the county; it was not so in other parts of
the county : and that crime had also increased within the like
period, in Kent, Dorsetshire, and almost every other county.
Earl STANHOPE presented many similar petitions from dif-
ferent parts of the country, namely, against the above act. He
then brought forward the motion of which he had given notice,
namely, for "a statement of the petitions presented to that
house, during the last session of parliament, on the subject of
the act intituled An Act for the Amendment and better Ad-
ministration of the Laws relating to the Poor in England and
Wales ;' specifying the number of signatures to each; the des-
cription of the persons from whom each petition proceeded,
whether owners and occupiers of land, rate-payers, inhabitants,
guardians, or others, and whether they were or were not as-
sembled at a public meeting held for the purpose of petitioning;
the place or places from which each petition proceeded ; and
the prayer of each petition, whether for the repeal of the said
act,7or for its amendment, or for its continuance, or for what
other purpose." He supported the motion, it will be seen, with
great earnestness, and iuteresting varieties of detail. It had
been urged as an act calculated to benefit the poor, and itn-
prove their character; he asked whether any of that class had
come forward in support of the bill?
Lord BtrouGH am entered into a defence of the act, assumng
himself to have been personally attacked in the assaults on Llip
act, and maintained that it had been assailed everywhere by
" big words" unsupported by facts, and representations unsus-
tained anywhere by proofs.
Lord MELBOURNE considered that the motion, from the man-
ner in which it was brought forward, could not be supported;
he must oppose it.
After an extended discussion the motion was negatived with-
out a division.
Their lordship's sat till about eleven o'clock.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.-TUESDAY.

There were two ballots lorelecir;n—CornaiTt;e;, namely, for
Kerry county and Newry; the parties to the Bridgewater peti-
tion did nut appear.
The committee on the Youghal petition reported that Mr.
Howard had been duly returned.
Sir B. PEEL presented a petition from the clergy in several
parishes in Downshire, giving affecting representations of the
state of the churches there.
Mr. PAKINGTON moved for leave to alter and amend the laws
relating to the office of comity coroner.
After considerable opposition, and Lord J. Russell represent-
ing that he did nut think it advisable to take away the election
of coroner from the freeholders, and transfer it to the magistrates,
the motion was withdrawn.

BONDED CORN.

COI. SEA LE moved for leave to bring in a bill "to admit,
under certain regulations, foreign corn bonded in this country to
be ground in certain mills, and manufactured for exportation
only."
The Marquis of CHAN DOS opposed the motion, as a side-wind
attack upon the corn laws.
Mr. P. THoMPSON said he should not oppose the introduction
of the bill.

After extended discussion' in which many members took part
Col. Wood and Alderman Thompson supporting the motion,)
the motion was carried on a division (the Marquis of Cbandos
pressing it,) the numbers being—Ayes, 127; Noes, 92; Majority,
35.

Mr. P. THOMPSON obtained leave to bring in a bill to provide
fur " I nteruational Copy w right "
Mr. LAN GDA LE moved " That it be an instruction to the poor
law committee to inquire how far the regulations of the poor
law commissioners have been compatible with the inmates of work
houses attending their respective places of worship on the Sab-
bath day, and to inquire and report how provision may be made
for securing to all such inmates the power of attending Divine
service according to their respective creeds."
The motion, however, was eventually withdrawn, on the under-
standing that Mr. Langdale should be added to the poor law
committee, where the consideration of the subject could be more
appropriately brought under consideration.
Col. DAVIES obtained leave to bring in a bill "to regulate
the office of high-sheriff in England and Wales."
Mr. BARRON, after an extended and very desultory discussion,
obtained leave to bring in a bill " to consolidate the jurisdiction
of ecclesiastical courts in Ireland."

Lerd J. RussFAA, an moving for leave to bring in a bill "to
carry into effect, with certain modifications, the fourth report of
the church commissioners," entered into explanations of the
departures from the report; and added that, on moving the se-
cond reading of the bill, he would enter into full details. He afiet-
wards stated that he did not propose tomove the second reading
until a fortnight after Easter.
On the motion of Sir H. PA RNELL, Lord Ashley was substi-
tuted for Lord Lowther on the combination of workmen com-
mittee.

The ATTORNEY-GENERAL for Ireland obtained leave to bring
in a bill to make more effectual provision for the prevention of
offences of insane persons in Ireland.
Mr. VIGORS rose to present a petition, but, it being half after
twelve o'clock, the house was counted, and "counted out."

HOUSE OF COMMONS—WEDNESDAY.
The Speaker took the chair at 10 minutes before four o'clock.
The Clerk of the Crown atten,led and amended the return
for the borough of Evesham, by substituting the name of Lurd
Marcus Hill for Mr. Borthwick.

Mr• brought in a bill to amend an act for the
Recovery of Small Debts in the county of Lancaster.
Mr• BAINES presented a petition from Leeds praying for an
alteration in the Factory Bill.

A number of petitions. praying for the total abolition of negro
slavery, were presented.

GALWAY ELECTION.

The SPEAKER informed the house that the examiners ap-
pointed tgo inquire into the sufficiency of the sureties to prose-
cute the petition against the return for the county of Galway
reported that, in point of property, the sureties were sufficient,
but one of them was improperly described. He was entitled
" Esquire," when it appeared that he was a clerk in a brewery
or distillery.
Col. PERCIVAL said, the surety having served on the grand
jury entitled him to be designated Esquire.
A discussion ensued, in which Sir E Knatchhull, Mr. Shaw,
Sir E. Sugden, Mr. Freshfield, Mr. Blake, Mr. D. Browne,
and other members took part.
Sir. E. KNATCHBULL said, after the examiners had reported
on the sufficiency of a surety, the matter was disposed of.
The ATTORNEY GENERAL said, all mankind now-a-days were
entitled Esquires. (Laughter).
After some further conversation the matter dropped.
CONTROVERTED ELECTIONS.

Lord J. RussELL said he had to state to the house that the
hon. member for Liskeard had had, at his (Lord J. Russell's)
request, postponed the further consideration of the Controverted
Elections Bill from Friday next to Friday se'nnight.

LORD'S DAY BILL.
Mr. PIA MPXRE moved the second reading of the bill for the
better observance of the Lord's day. The hon. member said he
should not be intimidated by any sneer from proceeding with
the measure, which he considered absolutely necessary for the
better observance of the Sabbath. The hon. member proceeded
to read the evidence of magistrates and others, who were exa-
mined before a committee appointed to inquire into the subject.
That evidence went to prove that, in many of the streets of the
metropolis, the great majority of the shops were kept open on
Sundays. There was a strong and growing feeling, in the
country against this practice. Petitions, signed by 206,000 per-
sons, had been presented to the house praying for a better ob-
servance of the Lord's day. The clergy of all classes also
wished for some legislative enactment on the subject. The bill
he now proposed to be read a second time was not so extensive
as the bill of last session. Its object was to prohibit trading on
the Lord's day, and to punish by fine individuals offending.
The first fine was a small one, but he proposed to increase it on
every subsequent conviction. The buying and selling of milk
was exempted from the bill, and also the purchasing of beer
within certain hours. It also exempted cases were persons went
bona fide to public houses to eat and obtain refreshments. No
less than 120,000 persons were employed on a Sunday in navi-
gating the canals, &c. Without being charged with enthu-
siasm he might br►ng this important subject under the notice of
the house. He, therefore moved that the bill be read, a second
time.
Mr. Mitris trusted the house would approach so grave and
important a subject with that solemnity which it demanded.
Public opinion had bean largely excited on the subject. A
large body of the community had solicited the house to take the
subject into consideration, but the hon. member and the house
would bear in mind that public opinion was doing more to ac-
complish what he wished than any legislative act could. (Hear.)
It was for the house to say whether they could agree to the bill
without exacting any unjust sacrifice. (Hear.) By the bill all
baking-houses in London would be shut up, and the poor pre-
vented from obtaining a comfortable dinner on a Sunday. The
act itself could not be brought into operation without the em-
ployment of a considerable number of persons on Sundays.
(Hear.) He could not consent unnecessarily to interfere with
the comforts of the poor man. The Church of England did not
call for such a measure. . .

Sir C. STYLES said, he felt it his duty to support the bill,
not on the ground that the protestant religion required any
legislative protection, but to protect those who had a desire to
reverence the sabbath-day, but, from their worldly calling were
unable to do so. If one tradesman in any street opened his
shop on a Sunday, other tradesmen were compelled to do the
same.

Mr. A. WHITE said he should support the second reading,
but he should wish to see some of the clauses altered in com-
mittee. He hoped this bill would have the effect of doing away
with Sunday trading.
Sir. It. lisiGus said the question had been so frequently dis-
cussed, that he would not take up much of the time of the house.
The bill before the house was restricted to one simple propo-
sition, viz., to prevent Sunday trading. It could not be said
that any one of the amusements or enjoyments of the poor was
interferred with. He should therefore give his cordial support
to the second reading.
Sir. E SCG DEN intended to vote for the second reading; but
if the bill was not very much altered, he should oppose it at
every future stage. As the bill at present stood, it would ,be
impossible ; if a poor man found it necessary to go a few miles
from home on the Sunday, he would not be able to obtain any
refreshment whatever.
Sir F. CANNING rose amidst cries of divide. He was under-
stood to say he should support the bill, as he did not consider it
would at all infringe upon the rights of the poor.
Strangers were ordered to withdraw, and the house divided,
when there appeared—
For the second reading
Against it 6B

Majority
The bill was then read a second time.
[Left sitting.]

RAILWAY MEMORANDA.

BIRMINGHAM AND GLOUCESTER RAILWAY.—An arrange-
ment has been made with the Cheltenham and Great Western
Union Railway Company, that clauses shall be introduced in
their bill now passing in Parliament, giving power to the Bir-
mingham and Gloucester Company to make the line between
Cheltenham and Gloucester, if the Cheltenham and Great Wes-
tern fail to do so within a given period; and the public are,
therefore, now secure of having that important portion of the
line forward within a moderate time; and, consequently, the
whole line betireen Birmingham and Gloucester completed.
We are glad to learn that such a mutual good understanding
now exists between the two companies as to promise a vigorous
co-operation for carrying on their respective works.—Felia
Farley.

RAILWAY via KRNDA L.-A meeting of the committee of the
projected railway through Kendal was held in that town on
Monddy last, and very numerously attended. We understand,
that the business brought before it was of the greatest import-
ance, and its development gave a fresh impulse to the efforts of
the projectors, and increased hope of every impediment to the
project being surrounded. It was finally resolved, that several
members of the committee, amongst whom were Edward Wil-
son, Esq., of Abbot Hall, James Gandy. Esq. of Heaves Lodge,
Waithman, Esq., Yealand, Mr. W. Cornelius Nicholson,
and Mr. Bentley, the surveyor ad interim, should be empowered
to wait upon Mr. Locke, the surveyor, at Liverpool, and lay
before him the results of Mr. Bentley's survey ; and also to en-
deavour to prevail upon him and the proprietors of the railway
between Preston and Lancaster to alter their plan near Lancas-
ter, so as to admit of an easier junction between it and the
Kendal line. This mission will probably decide the matter,
and the result is anxiously looked fur at Kendal.—Manchester
Courier.

SANKEY CANAL AND ST. HELEN'S RAILWAY.—We are
happy to understand, that the shareholders of the Sankey Canal
and St. Helen's and Runcorn Gap Railway Company have, at
length, come to an agreement, and a committee has been ap-
pointed by the proprietors of the respective establishments, to
settle and-arrange for their amalgamation into one union of in-
terest. This measure will tend to afford a beneficial return to
the proprietors, for the outlay of capital in the construction of
these public undertakings, and give facility, under every cir-
cumstance, to the traffic thereon, hitherto much retarded and
crippled by rival hostility.—lbid.
GREAT NORTH OF ENGLAND RAILWAY.-01.1 Tuesday last,
Messrs. Gowland and Co., of Durham, entered into a contract
for cutting, embanking, and forming the said Railway from the
north side of the Castle-hill, Northallerton, to the southern
boundry of the township of Northallei tun, the works of which
are now commencing.

GLASGOW, PAISLEY, AND AYRSHIRE RAILWAY.—This pro-
ject, for which a bill was obtained in July 1837, will form an
important feature of direct communication with England and
Scotland, for the line will be continued from Kilmarnock to
Dumfries; from thence to Carlisle; and a line is now project-
ing to Lancaster, Preston, Manchester, and London. The ter-
minus of these lines is at the Trinity Harbour, which is con-
nected by the Edinburgh, Leith, and Newhaven Railway.—
Railway Times.
TILE RAILWAYS.—The railways in this neighbourhood are
now progressing with all possible activity. The works on the
North Union line are in very busy operation, and the disasters
occasioned by the February storm are nearly repaired. A very
sensible difference is obesrvable in the state of the town gene-
rally, now that the canals are open for facilitating trade, and
that the railways and other works are affording employment to
the working population.—Preston Paper.
LONDON AND BIRMINGHAM RAILWAY.—Reports having
reached us of some serious accidents having occurred to the
Kilsby and Brickwood Tunnels, on the London and Birming-
ham Railway, we are glad to find, upon inquiry, that they are
wholly unfounded. The worst effect of the late trying weather
has been to damage a few bricks in the Brickwood tunnel, and
a small portion of the brickwork in Kilsby, where it was in an
incomplete state ; neither of which circumstances will have the
slightest effect in the opening of the line, but of course will tend
to add considerably to the confidence of all parties interested in
the success of this great work. That a work with so much
water about it as Kilsby tunnel should have received no damage
except in a part which was unfinished, during a frost of so long
continuance, when the thermometer was in some cases at 12
deg. below zero, must afford a sufficient guarantee that, not-
withstanding the uncommon difficulties of that undertaking,
they have been met with a cor-esponding degree of science and
skill, and been fully surmounted ; the trials it has been put to
lately being of a much more severe nature than may ordinarily
be expected in this climate. The line from Birmingham to
Rugby may he considered as finished, although a few trifling
things yet remain to be dune; but, in order to proceed with due
regard to the safety-of the public, it is not intended, we under-
stand, to open it until the 9in of April, at which time, that point
between 'l'ring and Denbigh Hall will also be ready.—Railway
Tinies.—[We understand that the company have given notice
to Messrs. Chaplin and Co. (who are to convey passengers by
coaches between Denbigh Hall and Rugby) to have their
horses and carriages in readiness on the 9th of April; but that
it is more probable that the day of opening will be Easter Mon-
day the 16th of April.—Manchester Guardian.

PRESTON AND WYRE RAILWAY.—We have heard that a
deviation from the originally prescribed line of the Preston and
Wyre Railway is contemplated by the directors of that under-
taking. It is thought desirable, as the Ribble is now to be ren-
dered thoroughly navigable, not to bring the Wyre line in the
direction of Preston further than Freckleton, were it can be put
in communication with the river ; so that by means of a steam-
boat specially appropriated to the purpose, goods and passen-
gers may be forwarded from Freckleton, and thus the necessity
of completing the railway undertaking at this, the most expen-
sive end, may be avoided. Should this design be acted upon,
we think it will very likely raise the railway scheme conside-
rably iu the estimation of the public, and in real value and
utility, while it will confer important advantages upon the river
company. We understand that Mr. Fleetwood favours this
adaptation of the railway; and if so there is every likelihood of
its being carried into effect. It is, however, an important mat-
ter of consideration with the Preston and Wyre Company, and
doubtless will receive at their hands all possible attention, and
every necessary investigation.

THE ARMl.—The following is to he the distribution of the
troops in North America, viz.:-11th and 65th Regiments,
New Brunswick, 600 men each. 23d, 73d, and 93d Regiments,
Halifax, &Omen each. Ist Dragoon Guards and 7th Hussars,
500 men. Grenadier Guards (2d Battallion) and Coldstream
Guards (2d Battalion) 800 men each. Ist Foot, (11 Battalion)
15th, 24th, 32d, 31th, 43.1, 66th, 7 Is', 83d, Canada, 600 men each.

EXTRAORDINARY CASE of DROPSY.—OD the 28th of Febru-
ary, an operation was performed on Mrs. Thomas Roades, of
%Vooton, near Brill, Burks, by the eminent Dr. Clarke, of
Finemere House, when the enormous quantity of 40 and a half
pints of water, weighing more than 401bs. was taken from her.
Mrs. Roades having survived the danger of the operation, caused
by the extreme debility, has now every chance of being restored
to her usual health.—Nurthampton Herald.
