THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD

On THURSDAY next, the 14th instant, at Two o'clock in the
Afternoon, at the Clarendon Rooms, South John-street,
Lot I.A DWELLING-HOUSE, fronting Hurst street, in
the occupation of Mrs. Harris; together with the
back DWELLING-HOUSE and BA HOUSE, in Shaw's-
alley, in the occupation of Kermod
2. Either together or separate Two DWELLING-
HOUSES, Nos. 23 and 24; in i en-street, in the ocCupa-
tions of James Kennedy and A ony Victory.
3. Either together or separa v, a well-accustomed PUB-
LIC-HOUSE, situate in South Union-street, in the occupa-
tion of Thomas Taylor; together with four DWELLING-
HOUSES, adjoining each other; all situate in South Union-
street, in the several occupations of Thomas Renwick, James
Conly, William Moore, and George Poulston.
All the above are Vieehold.

4. A DWELLING-HOUSE, also situate in South Union.
street, in the occupation of J. Wood, adjoining to the above-
mentioned house occupied by George Poulston.
Also, the CORNER SHOP and DWELLING-HOUSE,
fronting South Union street and Bridgewater-street, occupied
by Mrs. Browne.
Also, the adjoining DWELLING-lIOUSE, in Bridgewater.
street, in the occupation of W. Hanley.
These Premises are Leasehold for three lives and 21 Tears.

5. A well-frequented PUBLIC-HOUSE, in Bridgewater-
street, occupied by Mary Kirkham; held for one life and 21
years.
6. Two excellent DWELLING-HOUSES, in Vine-street,
occupied by Mr. Kidd and Mr. Trotter, held by Lease for an
unexpired term of 71 years, or thereabouts. •
7. A Freehold HOUSE in Bertle's-court, Bispham-street,
occupied by P. Moran.
For further particulars apply to Mr. MAWDSLEY, Solicitor,
Doran-lane, Lord-street.

HOUSE OF LORDS.

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 6.

Their lordships met to-day at half-past two o'clock, when the
claims of Lords Leitrim and Dillon to vote for Irish Represen-
tative Peers were considered in a Committee of Privileges, and
allowed.

At rive o'clock the house resumed, when Mr. Preston, from
the East India House, appeared at the bar, and presented an
account of the pensions granted during the past year.
The Marquess of WESTMINSTER presented a petition from
Kettering, praying for the better observance of the Lord's Day.
Lord SUFFIELD presented petitions against slavery, from
Weybridge, in Cornwall, and three parishes in Wexford. He
felt it necessary to state that he had a great many petitions to
the same effect in his possession, and the reason why he had
not pressed them upon the house was, that it was understood
Government had a measure in preparation on the subject, which
rumour said would be satisfactory. He, therefore, did not wish
to embarrass' the Government.

Lord KING presented a petition from two parishes in-Wex-
ford, against the Irish Coercive Bill, and one from the same
paces against tithes.
'I" he house then adjourned.

ROUSE OF COMMONS.

WEDNESDAY. MARCH 6.

Mr. HyuroN JOLLIFFE took the oaths and his seat for
PQterstield, in the place of Mr. Shaw Lefevre.
Mr. STRICKLAND brought up the report of the committee on
the York and Scarborough (recommitted) Road Bill.
Mr. WILSON PATTEN brought up the report of the committee
on the Wendover Road Bill. Amendments read a second time.

THE LIVERPOOL BRAZILIAN ASSOCIATION PETITION

LorcISANooN said he had to present a petition on a subject of
much importance to th 6 commercial interests of the country,
from • the Merchants of Liverpool. In accordance with the
objections which had been made on the subject of presenting
petitions, he should not detain the house with any prefatory
remarks, but he could not permit himself to present the petition
without making the house sully acquainted with its contents.
The noble lord having read the petition,
Mr. EWART said this was a subject of the deepest interest to
his constituents. It was one which involved the consideration
of. an extension of our foreign trade, and the employment of
British capital. It was so fully proved in the petition that the
amount ot our foreign trade wouid be greatly extended if proper
protection were afforded it, that he would not dwell at any
length upon that subject. tie was sorry that the extent of the
experiments which had been conducted under the auspices of
the Government had not been such as to liberate so important a
branch of our foreign trade from the fetters which had hitherto
bound it. The French Government were already taking mea-
sures that would have the effect of greatly extending the trade
in,refined sugars, and he trusted that this country would not be
bebiud them, but that his Majesty's Ministers, whom he knew
to be inclined to liberal measures, would speedily remedy the
evils of which the petitioners complained.
Mr. STRICKLAND was anxious to say a fcw words upon this
subject, and, in his opinion, he could say nothing stronger
than this, that while this country was sending out nearly
three millions a year, our ships were returning home empty,
thereby giving a monopoly to the colonists, without at the
same time doing any benefit to this country. In his opinion, it
would be easy to adopt some means by which Brazilian sugar
might be imported into.this country, to be refined for exporta-
tion, thereby giving employment to the capital and workmen
of this country, without in the least iutrenching upon the
rights which these monopolists at present enjoyed.
Mr. POULETT TtiomSoN said he would detain the house for a
very short time; but he was anxious to say only a very few
words upon the subject in consequence of the petition presented
by his noble friend. He need scarcely say, that the question
had received the very anxious consideration of government for
a long time. It was not because the government were not
most anxious to afford the petitioners the relief they prayed for,
but because it was at present impossible for the government to
introduce a measure for that purpose. Honourable gentlemen
who were members of the last Parliament, would remember the
anxiety which the government' showed to continue to admit fo-
reign sugar for the purpose of being refined in this country.
Inquiries had been instituted, and experiments tried, but such
progress had not been made in them as to allow him at present
to give an opinion upon the subject. A considerable bounty
was given to the West India sugar by the refining. act, but he
did not believe that it was so much as eight shillings, as men-
tioned iu the petition. Ile thought it would be utterly impos•
sible for thiS country—whatever it might do for its own colo-
nies—it was not right that it should be called upon to give a
bounty upon foreign sugars, in order that foreigners might be
enabled to use relined sugar at the expense of those colonies.
A plan might be devised—a
.plan which he was anxious to see
in operation—by which foreign sugar might be allowed to be
imported into this country, and refined actually under bond.
Unless some such principle as this were adopted, it would be
impossible, he feared, to afford any relief. Unfortunately, the
refiners were of opinion, that such a plan as he now proposed
would afford them no relief, and that they would reap no ad-
vantage from it unless they were allowed to mix the sugars,
which could not possibly be done. He could assure his noble
friend in the house, that if any plan could be suggested, whereby
the refining of foreign sugars might be confined to this country
without hurting the revenue, it would receive the utmost at-
tention of government. He considered that what had been
stated about the Brazilian trade ought to be taken into consi-
deration by those who harped upon the subject of free trade.
In Brazil they saw a country which took from them almost all
of their manufactures, and from which they refused to take
anything at all. Those hon. gentlemen ought to bear in mind,
that reciprocity meant an advantage to both sides, and that it
was possible the Brazils might, at a future day, turn the tables
upon this country.
Mr. GEORGE 'WILLIAM. WOOD •would trespass but a very
short time upon the house, but he hoped. that as this question
was very interesting to that part of the country which he repre-
sented, he should be allowed to say a few words. He was sorry
to hear from the right hon. gentleman that there was no present
intention of. granting the relief prayed for. He trusted that the
subject would continue to receive the best attention of his Ma-
besty's Government, and that in a very short time they would
e prepared with a measure such as would give satisfaction to
all parties.
An hon. MEMBER said that he should not have risen had it
not been for the importance of the petition to the commercial
and the shipping interests of the country. He thought that
some of the noble lord's observations were very much exagger-
ated. Instead of an increase of the number of sugar refiners,
they had decreased from 216 to 67: The number of vessels en-
.gaged in that trade during the last year had decreased also.
.Fitly-one vessels which had sailed from Liverpool to Rio
Janeiro, could obtain no return cargoes. He entreated the
earnest and serious attention of every member to the statements
of the petition, which embraced joints of such vast importance.
Another hon. MEMBE R said, that he bad also several similar
petitions to present. It appeared to him that means should be
given to facilitate the refining of foreign sugar in this country,
on fair and emitable terms, both for the, sake of the shipping
and commercial interests of the country. Means should be
given of refining sugars in bond, and if that could not be done,
some other course ought to be resorted to; otherwise the inter-
change between this and foreign countries would be put a stop
to, and this country would be unable to preserve those advan-
tages in trade it had hitherto posiessed, and which it had lost,
by the bill not having been renewed.
The SOLICITOR-GENERAL trusted that hon. members would
not consider it presumptuous on his part, if he reminded the
house of the understanding that existed with reference to pre-
senting petitions. (Hear, hear.) He had attended there morn-
ing after morning to present petitions, which his constituents
were anxious he should. present, but he had not been able to do
so in consequence of the discussions that took place on the pre-
sentation of almost every petition.
Mr. A. JOHNSTON saia, that should ministers introduce a bill
for the importation of Brazil sugar, he should, together with
several other members, give them his most hearty support.

LIVERPOOL DISFRANCHISEMENT PETITION.

Lord SANDON wished to present a petition upon a subject
upon which, as it was to come before the house this evening,
he should not trouble the house, at any greatlength. It
was signed by every member of the committee who did him
the honour to conduct his late election, and they complained
of the gross misstatements which had been made in a pe-
tition presented on a 'former evening and upon other occa-
sions, that briber), and- corruption had been practised at the
late election at Liverpool. They stated, that they had been
active supporters of him, (Lord Sandon,) and they were anxious
to show, that no one person had been induced to vote by bribery,
treating, or any other than constitutional means. ( Hear, hear.)
The petition afforded a complete proof that no bribery to any
extent, (hear,) that no bribery of which they were cognizant,
had been practised to procure his return.
Mr. BENETT had not, on any former occasion, made a charge
against the gentlemen who signed that petition. (Hear, hear.)
His charge was generally, that bribery had been practised at
the elections at Liverpool, even up to the last election. He
was anxious that a committee should be appointed to inquire
into the charges that had been made, when it would be seen by
whom the system of bribery had been practised. (Hear, hear.)

He had reason to believe, that the committee would be griljr
for he had certainly made some very strong assertions. .00
Mr. SHELL begged to ask the noble lord if the petit'
courted investigation ? (Hear, hear.) A tYI
Lord SANDON answered, as far as we could understan7o
one or more of the petitioners admitted to him that he °.4
had formerly been engaged in bribery. They aeknoWliel
themselves as having formerly been sinners, but they ok
that any corruption brad been practised during the last ele,„k,
He had never denied that bribery had formerly been pracwlll
his denial solely, applied to the last election. (Hear•)oo
should like any hon. gentleman td lay his hand upon hisA
and say whether, under such circumstances, evidence COw"1111
given to the allegations againSt the freemen of LiverpooLio'
would take that opportunity of presenting another pet or
signed, in fifty-three hoUrs by above seven thousand fourbilio,
Bred persons, comprising. most of the wealth and respectad
of the place. When the petition from Liverpool, sig'neffe,
three thousand three hundred persons; which charged th!eotr
men of that place with bribery and corruption, was pre: 40
by the hon. member for "Wiltshire, he took occasion too1);id
that it comprised all the respectable and disinterested P?ap,
of the inhabitants. Now the whole number of freemen (I', 01,
at present kxpeed three thousand six hundred, which
one-half of '&e humber of names signed to the petition Et
he (Lord Sandon) held in his hand. r He had yet to lealettl
any. charge of extraordinary corruption could be all
against the freemen of Liverpool. It' the proposed ineas ti°
the hon. member for Wiltshire were carried into elle' Os
whole amount of disfranchisement would be but betweell, foti
and two thousand. It had been the practice in that I-101V,
many years, to make allegations affecting a mode—the o.,oe''
obtaining signatures to petitions which were numerouslY''''erif
That occasional delinquences would occur from the inten9
zeal of some parties employed in witnessing the signatittlefoi
petitions he was not prepared to say. (Hear, hear.) ,P,frof
instructed to say that, to the petition praying for the
chisement of the freemen of Liverpool, which had bee%ll
sented by the lion. member forWiltshire, some individualol
generally signed five or six names, and passengers
ut steam-boats from the 'sister isle were invited to sian'
did sign, that petition upon an assurance that their 00t14,
h ,usekeepers was of no consequence. The petition licofe
pr:sented to the House, he could take upon him to saY ,
s anted the true feeling of the inhabitants of Liverpool. ,
eve
Mr. Strum would ask if the petition for the disfranchisor
of the fr..!emen of Liverpool did not contain a prayer mr
quiry ?
Lord SANDON admitted that it contained a prayer fL'ilr i
gl
priory ; but to countenance such a measure, after so I°olo
lapse of time, would,be to put every constituency in the co
di
under the influence of dominant factions.
Mr. LwAieT, as his election was alluded to in the pr.°9
measure of the member for Wiltshire, should consider
consistent with propriety not to take any part in the disc,etotr
Ile should leave it in the hands of hon. members, and
opinion of the house.
s%
would Mr. WAsoN read to the house some statements, by s%
would appear that several boys belonging, to charity-sebeei,
signed the petition presented by the noble lord, and had IA
the occupations of their fathers against them. Petition' 't
be valued according to the weight that could be attach 01'
their signatures. lie hon. member then went into sOfeleci
servations relative to alleged corruption in the municiP3A
tions of Liverpool, and read pari of a presentment of the Arie
jury on that subject, and on the corruption existing "
elections for members of Parliament.
dt!
Sir H. WILLOUGHBY called the hon. member to orboo.
not confining his observations to the petition before the
•
and we understood that the Speaker concurred.
Mr. SPEAKER observed, that the petition could not be..
to the observations, the hon. member was making opalt?
was not the petition of an individual.
Mr. WAsox still did not understand the houie to rule
was out of order, in stating the circumstances of coal-0
tending the mayor of Liverpool's conduct. out
Mr. SPEAKER certainly 'considered the bon. member,,rge
order, unless the petition contained some express
that respect.
Mr. WAsON was not sure whether it did or not, as
be
not read the petition.
Mr. SPEAKER was not surprised, and it was not uraiikle
the hon. member should be out of order when he confe,"
the House he had not read the petition on which he it3'
menting.
Mr. GLADSTONE stated, that from the letter he had ,reid
he believed the petition to be signed by many iespecto
t•
vid
Colonuals, and that it should have hi suort.
Wilit.LlAms said it was impoppssible to knoc.fel
say upon the petition unless it was read. If it contefto
application for an inquiry then he would have no inn'oel
on the subject. This he knew, that it contained the °to
many individuals who had been for 30 years & upwarty::o
for corruption and bribery in their conduct. (Hear.) IPOOI4
lord who presented the petition had known Livcrl)..
twenty-eight years, he (Colonel W.) had known it f°'ftej
years, and he had been a good deal concerned therelif)
tion business—(hear, hear, and laughter)—and he could afts
the House that for the last thirty years there had beco 3 !;lirj
system of bribery and corruption carried on in Livere „ford
had ever disgraced any rotten borough. It was verYorKi
that this system of corruption should be taken notice AO
the general committee now appointed to inquire into, le/
of Corporations ; and when the Corporation of Livereob
before the committee, he was confident it would meet
justice.

DUTIES.
ref
Petitions praying foi•SOAP
the reduction of those du tiO
presented by Lord Sandon, from the soap manufacto
Liverpool, and by Lord Dalmeuy, from Dumfermlinc•
VIOLATION OF THE SABBATH.
a I
Petitions on this subject were presented, by Lor
01,‘
from Chipping-Camden, Stone, lloughton, and the e,
tion of St. Andrew's Kirk, Liverpool; Lord Al
St. Luke's, Chelsea, Wychampton, and Axminster), LI
Thomson, from several places in Yorkshire; Lord fi,i4
from Kilsyth; Mr. Duncombe, from Pickering, arl°43i,
Davies, from the Bishop, Mayor, and other iutlabitu'
city of Worcester.
CHILDREN EMPLOYED IN FACTORIES. og
Petitions praying for parliamentary interference'blif
the hours of labour in Factories, were presented,
Ashley, from Huddersfield, Chudley, Baildon, ancs4,/,,
in Yorkshire, and from Renfrew, in Scotland; anaoti,',vp
combe, from five parishes in the West Riding of :edip
Petitions against the Assessed Taxes were preseut;ooA
P. Thomson,- from Great Drillield, and Mr. C. te
Halifax.
trc
NEGRO SLAVERY.
Petitions
Thompson,
for the abolition of slavery were, firol;
by Mr. P. from Thorden, Mr. C:Woo°,01 0,11
female inhabitants of Halifax, and Lord Dalmeny
the noble lord also presented a petition from Steil/a, eiri'
for an alteration in the church patronage of Scotian the•ye.
Sir Edward Codrington presented a petition frar,rAg° ,
Jury assembled at Exeter, praying for a Dtvisiono'
IRISH COERCIVE BILL. r.st.s
Petitions against this measure were presented b;ittle'fr.
gan O'Connell, from Ballyrqbe, in the county o„fttvicisiroY
several others from the county of Meath; Col. J„.100.1 '4Ol
the Political Union of Worcester; Mr. Pryer, it sec'
hampton • and Mr. Vi ors, from Carlow, Rophoe:, 1109
rishes in Westmeath, Wexford, and one from NeAtthes•
another from Kildare, praying for the abolition 0'
Adjourned to five o'clock.

Or,
aders,
.4,
A BOOK-STALL—There is a class of street re vent"
Inceaoantir
nnhieanvlg,ei
having
gt contemplatetwh he eorvnitshtaall withoutstalls
o:
tbhuey oowr,
nhe affection—theirr,ewor h A
ing envious looks at them all the whileai,thablin°l3i::-Ihftilircilaircicel'i!l4lfle
they will have done. Venturing tenderly, page,
pecting every moment when he shall interiOtiocatily
and yet unable to deny themselves the grs `way, heo
" snatch a fearful joy." Martin B—, in t,"lrissa, 1
fragments, got through two volumes of ". asking
stall-keeper damped his laudable ambition, 'lto purebV
was in his younger days) whether he meant
co of hip e
work. M.-declares that, under no circurnstaa_ which k
ini
he ever peruse a book with half the satisfaetiatuor "
s thoseupuoni thiselasyub
sjtin w
snatches.ec A quainttovery
pro ou etess but
raledtcul
stanzas.
" I saw a boy with eager eye
Open a book upon a stall,
And read as he d devour it all;
Which when the stall-man did espy.
Soon to the boy I heard him call,
`You, sir, you never buy a book,
look.
'Therefore in one you shall not_
• sigh
The boy
ished passed slowly on, and, with a
Then of the old churl's books he shuitdo
Of sufferings the poor
have many.
Which never can the rich annoy :
I soon perceived another boy,
Who looked as if he'd not had any
lie whe never had been tauglott bas read,
have
had 0
Food for that day at least--enjoy
This boy's case, then thought I, is stua
perm
Thus hungry, longing, thus withoudni. Y j
Beholding choice of dainty-dressed t
rned to eat.
The sight of cold meat in a tavern. 1 arrdee4r:
No wonder if he wish he ne'er had g:
last Essay, d
harder,

4 _,,,,....
4, toorws ESSAY ON FREE TRAE
, EFFECTS ON THE PEOPLE

i tii
etti
liti
I:fi
14,rsiot e
tiwelli
I.,Beppili
y.a,:i
e;
net
si
the
sae t
led.
II
3,
ofuturaaf.
hee errgeeriexateenri
IBtyvacerioijimoirsf(eti EDITOR
yncinsptssogi
sd : , Ouvii:::Dt HiITERt OhLATO
resentf OUR P
LAST.)O3tLatSe
see', Y on the Baltic, the North Sea, and Blac
Ittl e 8
we de
al herst
hSouth
drawn
Af
from
American
ctrhanne
spfeorsroovuei
nxr
cpceeossra andti exportation.
causedn
i.)
Ibrt te he neglected ; in consequence, they °athrnWteulii:ll
leile snPplies offoreign corn, chiefly from the Isle
lased Ilew, since these- channels of beneficial c
Itidh.., into other hands, the want of them has
ilcatilt4o:ll,tt::::t;ao_retwt
pdhrfeiire:tzoc
%oovtnfhnseae
leqlowuiapersnnautcimneopfit
consumption
Spain n has a
ordinary
b e c o m
.mihomtruopteico,nlhrga2t
circumscribed.
ss
.ic,trhohcaaruelal:
have
cswobcoereuarientebnsteys•
~
ta
on
Bel s . Poi
N
Nis' of E is therefore deprive,d of t
11,0 such ampsremain to them, like Sweden,
Wk " other Prussian and Poaneranfod;ehar
le4cise lithe suffered; , having
to tfi4ePression cultivation proceeded as before, N
offs ',Lite} had uo choice, but 2ersevere and her
of eaan,'e In 8 •• d Poland, horn the
;•, • axon) an .
osuoldbofarrodni; If::i.gthOtsan2 Ott ho
s e.
e:Npi pevo.oreri itr
pqh uorl9oa: vent
oquli•:..sport to the coast, their .
.. P
d • no owlhheerae:plrooyc
4stabriftl.lteod,th:ogaronwyeerst;aitsheedctlinitliVtsa tvi?iancell,.alsr.
itthber.li,
the
o,eY feed their sheep in whiter, to nnprovi
Iv °I
the
the ither.oPs of these northern countries, toge d
:eh: Rao: trade in corn to be established he
,ths`s!iau dominions on the Buick Sea, It-9ai
alter Britishlltit;l2l4 it, for however ruinous such depression ito tr farmers it would still be satisfactory and.
rnagr,rko:t,es
r; , awnhyo,de
availingp on in prie.es
PIN' /I'l bullion, would consult convenience
(trkillet, and as I have already shown from pa
li is
L ila nfour precious metals.
Nset, its next contemplate deficiency in our. h
?,cittaei.t either by diminished himlf of ou
cultivation or unta%T
pr t° render that foreign supply necess.ary, w!!
14104 We not be put in the power of the toiwi,r
ill Oared to hail as a boon and a blessing.!e.4
Partougour be
would stipulate for his
nnsi
14,40. with his ___ p
sup lies? Well aware that i .
able aye repeatedly been placed in this situatiou
' sate
-this been the practice at
ste,
~ and has not .
*toe], en. aster Paying exhorbitant prices,
and ex
I'Ve ell oh lais terms, or be impaled to
.grappi
04/7' I ask Arr. Booth if we have ever,an
in
gaga to procure supplies to the extent o
our ez's of all kinds of grain, or one-fifth art oft
vrePe°llirriPtion ; and -hen deficiency hasp gr. ally
',ott,i.°,lton, has not' faminew been avoided by stri
tbiliil,4lP,stioll, caused by the prudence of the high
4tgi '3' the middle aiid lower classes to payttih
4seiir r• Booth proposes to make us dependen, b
NA Ject t,
hazards great dimininution from unfal.outrraanb
1:4 home he would expose us, by oppressing
htl
ate a‘Fricultu e cl. stro ing the many mig
NistrB; and these too, that are at times be) on_
tNilliterwuren Arfi' 'te in )order to encouage
tLtregh corn for 011 nip; ilia in the vain hone_ teat
)1a 8 WWII he taken s'
- iiii4nent for it. Is this t
he iZester mind 2
-ens
the o, old and dogmatic tone or d.ec_iscio.onn
-ettall, taws bis doctrines as if they weteh
glad ,states
above appeal. Can lin.; be British fee
unstopvaoegr,a.ja,ln:
bill,evtlttlereoo,
itl
he
ti)er hisl
earliestl is:atorfnersittliysomnu,nei'odshr
r'
üßewparesi totin ions hiunt shgitnestaaeprrpore:s9sttehss
no those
.oh;elooi
I/re'te 'e °l3.lect ofour most patriotic and ablest
sott,tet the h „.,
•"egr wth of corn, as the safest
%elle for tl°le S -poly of food to " the people. ,
small ea,r hurtheunSPlVere light, and popi.ilation
'4o(l' 1` was the .'
policy Of the legislature
itctian wise • the exportat
crease, 10,--' -IF granting
;elatebontes on
itilil e i
cpli io ep.not
dsaut
teol in
longerenxoist.ed
leftm oarne
erxerceesns t.
faopsreebrx:
iLur til,ei Protection in the home market h
th 4 'v'twhen such waso admitted, at fired but
than
tien,Bius`ekill was found productive of great chear E.
at 1.4,41;tp1ieva.L.,,,,:e,,-
eeenvoicranoeun wasrae prohibited
deficiency,
ciotiefedno
eunyrn,
taalignrdtihcetuhl
prices
agriculture.
es e Tsr
seli
Illia.ll such as was felt oppressive to the consumer,
reaPeelselnent in price, without a corresponding
ti
:m gruntsllLit
ethsi
esoafoci:ltoottuht)t:
lei
bdt!herde,og-onnr• ea retaoergndrlai'lhdonenipnarpitoserthdeeisenesenct
ohtaleess :loos)
rtntiecsmue
sm prices,ae.
consumer,
,v
"alatier„tlee fell;fo protjet the home grower. , bey-
Rreat r a Steadinesi of price has been secured
ill it, itPortance to both grower and consumer.last
ilvera,,'4lY state, that since the last harvest
_t
qua gore for wheat have, I think, not sa_i_ds
,te liit' keePing generally between 535. and 511
..)gantielall the economy and industry. of th. e fax
''' ra a'
enabledeotnoomeet the exigencies of the
mania' the working classes can at present
I,enfe (Lwer would bring inevitable ruin on h ft_a
,-aehdrr,'g an pending benefit on the 1_
,711, ti,""led Itvieserraensd salutary
v'asts ati,Fll condemned by our new raceotp
'the) as to themselves all the wisdom
, Present day.
trade it
helwinduce us to consent to this free
0.1
system, and has hi
hpteb3ed, in the first instance that our homee„t
h•tected, etell by a fixed rate of duty, a system la.
I:tet. ehonable, 1;11 th r of a temporary or a
consume►•
"°l:4;:iltsweoll.el de t be.'
citt„,tyllll Was req "tri d and prices high, which,
.c
t_
theses for our consumi
it1414,1A home crops, sufficient.
of . thli 44'4 prevent the introduction foreign su
uence of gb
.Ilt 15 prices might fall in c.onseq
• nd ultimo,
7einedoe,be to oppress the conslunei
t!4:3l..illothglioi.
enurgt,
acticancuoasilin.nopgindi
isvagehilnriienei eagn.td. ttifishftuoercre tt.uhsauta.ni
objectso tnos
apaia;defdou
lilt,: itibilidid
deficient
ntrthi
right
to to
ptoos ,
htheig extinguishh farmersprices, t haews
~to.diulue.lt.dnyo
gnt Nlhv)c(l,
tllrroiliii..eillitit,ti:e:,:aty_rt):l3o' eer.i: °I
p.ee
us
:t. 0. t
ei. nr
eadke
huispofpfroreorntettushptaear7tiffeaarit,tiont
of I
,„; th e re he
do n'a.t,exceed one-fourth part .
offelinellitsito:tltthht hhenialore,..sneesn t rates
„ rt , they utoduce, a
t and in that case, takip
*he' of Why ant of r
.‘,4
eoru _ _ ls he
nadwathreatthfaotr fionrtethrieobr7;
Whet' deduee,at at 5 s.,
fills.
_.
fre.ats ilia Led, leaves 4U • the
add
forsiat 'Carn rent9b ir :1
Of 11140 led as the-irs bv Mr. Booth (hwil
delivered
P4th...'lati4PPpl.";al,) you gave these. wheats.l
of
fh
rhoet
ir 1
1111 iaekail e
rt
tilt: :eno: thatasat
rg, )
ef is)
NoorlintefrrnttfeooheLl'oekm
iLlei,oete:::ltidfbauodesuoi one-fourth
for
similar
Ini notarnht
oi
nclofai'mers when
4,4'1 with ' 01, our land owners a
4114
8-
na.tned by the free traders
the. il competition and
with all their exi,
tit ir shoulders?
itrit,,iner, after
Itiint* Booth spea.ks of tithe as a burthen on tft, Prim„Y sustained, by the withdrawal of one-ten
tzle ;at_o_ gaiyo.ticoo, havehis conveyed there, car
Leh lee
of the corri-feld from the market ot si
c.:l:4lL,otta:nappeanrasntotb his meaning. Surely he
eln,.",the is as much the lawful recognised P
plkreett::, ritkiveActs?lai:Togihaier:ryderasp.ins
tilt pi, as the estate is that of the landlord, or t
Dorf
resat
:I ;I: . ,:tue ;, I re
rabee..
nesalßyi I
be
Benloodt
disposed
elonbthrao,the amt
sir , .
i. : toot first -
idoot,_ cal,nta tons. On what grounds,then,b .d
-011th call the tithe a tax or its nature a al
tat
~tecl, is it not, to its e'x'tent, a source of sun
I:v.ti paymenteas leases
ifta;drin,udeni
ito,hiant I
in,
improver
vpeer,
tab?
dlecatn-roeoinnaogrfeocrd.it,' Ilen usatdmneit,
IN,. our'
in the price of that labour • it is like.
cl)ev Pen
Dttiti_l4 Otfoltunately the case, and the price, chi
orti .an for 'llitomneoyreitsaenifd:thbantni
sf ' wf
aitlhi ande
n somethtoete:eenx
Iscoee:pvut
Pei le,
stlJachnit of the
.purchase of the common nece
titbog 44 are required to sustain the individual
41., and beneath it the price cannot fall witla
2s.bpocarrdgot
it hnffhee
at
earnn.. :srt.: ttli

eve, that the committee would begr97t,
lade some very strong assertions.
to ask the noble lord if the pet'
! (Hear, hear.)
ered, as far as we could understan4
titioners admitted to him that he 91:,
agaged in bribery. They acknovlsr
formerly been sinners, but they
id been practised during the last ele
that bribery had formerly been praew'
tied to the last election. (Hear.)
;entleman to lay his band upon bis
:r such circumstances, evidence coin
s against the freemen of Liverpecd;it
?rtunity of presenting another In
[(Mrs by above seven thousand fart,
ing most of the wealth and respected
the petition from Liverpool, sigilf
hundred persons; which charged the
h bribery and corruption, was pre!,
or Wiltshire, he took occasion to elo;,
le respectable and disinterested Pi%
iow the whole number of freemen
e thousand six hundred, which ,'.30
:r of names signed to the petition
d in his hand., He had yet to 'ear%
ordinary corruption could be B'igi
f Liverpool. It' the proposed ine,as
Wiltshire were carried into ene',4
inchisement would be but between
had been the practice in that House
.legations affecting a mode—the rii;
) petitions which were numerously
uences would occur from the inteinPli
rnployed "in witnessing the signadtu,
repared to say. (Hear, hear.)
~P;;f
t, to the petition praying for the "'
len of Liverpool, which had been
.6
caber forWiltshire, some individql,
r six names, and passengers
. land
ie 'sister isle were invited to sian'o
upon an assurance that their nOl
lo consequence. The petition he
e, he could take upon him to sa). ro
of the inhabitants of Liverpool..ao
k if the petition for the disfrancln-for
erpool did not contain a prayer
:tted that it contained a prayer f,14
°:4
lance such a measure, after so P
to put every constituency in the 0
dominant factions

election was alluded to in the Prel;;e.
er for Wiltshire, should consider it,
ty not to take any part in the disc,°;,;tli
the hands of hon. members, alle
the house some statements, by r-ish
rat boys belonging to charity-seboeisl,
sented by the noble lord, and had I:bou'
r fathers against them. Petition, I,: d
3 the weight that could be attac'eob
hon. member then went into soetele
tileged corruption in the municiP3oll,
read' part of a presentment of their,'
and on the corruption existing
of Parliament.
ef
1Y called the hon. member to era]
vations to the petition before the 4
t the Speaker concurred.
.ed, that the petition could not be
a.
hon. member was making upon '"
.161
an individual. that
not understand the houie to rwe
ting the circumstances of corillP-
Averpool's conduct. oil
t.
aly 'considered the hon. member e
ion contained some express Cll3r
01

t sure whether it did or not, as 111

t surprised, and it was not unlikeV!
d be out of order when he CO
read the petition on which he v/3'

ed, that from the letter he bad receo
to be signed by many respectable
uld have hi support. iv°
said it was impossible to know,4
inless it was read. If it contawto!
airy then he would have no mereloo
he knew, that it contained the 01,00
had been for 30 years & upwards,
ery in their conduct. (Hear.) rrl'eol
ie petition had known Livcrp°
(Colonel W.) had known it for ci
~,
n a good deal concerned there!"
ear, and laughter)—and he could rd
last thirty years there had been a
corruption carried on in Liverrei,
iy rotten borough. It was velliber
ruption should be taken notice 5e 6110,
now appointed to inquire into, 1 C
Then the Corporation of LiverP°
he was confident it would meet

SOAP DUTIES.
a- the reduction of those (1'169
ndon, from the soap manufac
I Dalmeny, from Dumfermlipe•
'ION OF THE SABBATH.
kject were presented, by Ord Srglif
1, Stone, lloughton, and the e° •
Kirk, Liverpool; Lord Ashlg,
Wychampton_,_ and Axminster,;ati
d places in Yorkshire - Lord J,J1,14/
ncombe, from Pickerino-, and 001
p, Mayor, and other inliabito
