would run the hazard of losing his character of a good SCC
rian, as the consequence of his refractory conduct. He
be represented and treated as unworthy of associating with
rest of his community, • The repugnance which he would 113 to
rally feel at the idea of losing his popularity, would consiOte
him, in order to avoid that alternative, to dispose of his 1°
contrary to the dictates of his judgment.
The conduct of the Sectarian priesthood evinces an aviaiit
for power which does not seem calculated to advance their 00
racter in public estimation as teachers of religion; for, it ‘,'o
be remarked, that no sooner has the new constituency be'd
formed under the powers of the Reform Bill, than they ban
proposed to interfere in the exercise of the franchise, asstszP ,
the right of regulating the disposal of votes, and by that ine,
attempted the virtual transfer to their own body of that el,
tion of the franchise which falls to the share of their respecti
congregations.
The party to promote whose purposes the Sectarian milli;
ters have, in this objectionable manner, lent their aid, are 00,
who clamour so violently for the abolition of negro slavol,i
who, convinced of the futility of appeaiing to the reason, ~3114
understanding, address the feelings and passions of maugl,
in behalf their project. It is to promote the return at the f.t
suing elections of candidates who will engage to vote for u?",,
measure, that the Sectarian ministers intend to use their 1m
fluence.
Were, however, the real character of this party reaan;ceOf
c
there would be less merit due to their supporters than
perhaps, may claim. They' profess to be actuated solely ll.' it
generous motive of befrending the West India labourers, ar;,
rescuing them from their present condition; but their proceeu,
ings, a more certain evidence than their professions, deawn.
strate that they are influenced more by hostility to the planter'
than compassion for the slaves. Q.

MR. TIIORNELY AND THE WESLEYAN
METHODISTS.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL ST.B.7llDiala
Sin, —The friends of Mr. Thornely appear to reckon ye.,l
confidently on the votes, in favour of that gentleman at the ko't
proaching election, of the Wesleyan Methoaistsy this town. 10,
a few of his partizans conceive that, with the views which ,1
Methodists are supposed to entertain on the subject of coloal
slavery, they have, in point of fact, no other course of conda,t,
left to them than to support Mr: Thornely's claims. The
gentlemen will, however, I believe, find that, to some extent o 0
least, they have been premature in their anticipations. Ft°o
habits of familiar intercourse, during a period of several Yeao
past, with many of the influential members of the body to whar,
I have adverted, I believe I am qualified to form a tolerably 5,?„
rect estimate of their views and feelings relative to the qualin7;
lions of the respective candidates for the representation of 0,1,
town. That they are generally' desirous of effectuating the afhe
lition of negro slavery as speedily as may be consistent with
real interests of the unfortunate slaves themselves, and that °l
this subject their views and those of Mr. Thornely are proba7,
nearly identical, I have no doubt. But in the case of this gehe
tleman there appears to me and others one consideration to.
,1
taken into account, a decision on which is not quite so straic
forward and so much a matter of course as some would have
to believe. Let it be termed bigotry, illiberality of sentime4t
or what else the reforming party are pleased to name it, the rt,
is undeniable, that not a few persons among my acquaintan'or
have, to this hour, conscientious scruples as to the fitness fey
propriety of a town like this, the majority of whom are only
sedly opposed in their religious creed to the doctrines of Unin
rianism, being represented by. an individual of that p.erstlas o,
4e
I am well aware that, to give utterance to a sentiment
this, so out of character with the " liberal and enlightened 6r i. rit" of the age in which we live—so much below the standar .15
intellect to which our reformers have attained, will subjec,„t;s
avower to the imputation of imbecility of mind, contractecThr
of heart, and I know not what beside. Be it so. The inintie
duals who, like myself, entertain these scruples, have the 5810
faction of knowing, that such imputations proceeding from sfir
a quarter; when put into competition with the voice of an
proving conscience, can have but little weight. re'
I know it is attempted to be replied to the objection to ato
presentative on religious grounds, that religion has nothia,, 41
do with the matter—that our representatives go to Parliato'ted.
to legislate merely as politicians, and not on subjects cowl st
with religion. This is truly a summary, way of getting r!idc,
the objection; but is it correct as to matters of fact? Is al 0,1
liberation on religion then studiously to be excluded fronl .or
highest legislative body of the kingd.om ? Are no subjects et`iy.
to be introduced in which its interests, directly or indire.col
shall have any place ? The subject of a. scheme of natio
-• itte
education for England, for instance, is one which some (nd
reforming members of the House of Commons havx ton°o Dt;
it to be their intention to introduce into the new Parlianif47
and has-not this topic a very intimate connexion with telig,`"
and is it not of some consequence that such members shaLljl
returned thither as will make it a point that such a plan 57uia
be based upon the principles of our common ChristianitYt°errr
other words, that the Bible, entire and unmutilated, shall be
cognized and adopted as the source from which the instate
to be communicated shall emanate? r a(
Again, the reformers themselves being witnesses, anothe.,et
those momentous topics, respecting which they expect
Parliament to legislate, is that of some alteration fn the 011A'
tution of the Church of England. Is not this a question ele-t
connected with the religion of the country; and is it ne°,lly
some consequence to all those who can appreciate what is rh,
valuable in the Church Establishment, that the persons to "fiolt
the consideration of that question is committed, shall apPr6L
it uninfluenced, at least by hostile feelings 101 I fear, Mr. Editor, I have trespassed on your patience;
nati,
considered it due to myself, and others similarly circtunsta'a-s oo
to offer some reason for the doubts which exist in our minds
the subject to which I have adverted.—l am yours, Sac., ,r
A WESLEYAN METHOIw
the -!stj,
