REGENCY BILL

Lord PALMERSTON moved the first reading of this bill,
and fixed the second reading for Wednesday.

RATING STOCK IN TRADE BILL
This bill was read a third time and passed.

The other orders of the day were then disposed of,'and the
house adjourned at a quarter past two o'clock.

HOUSE OF LORDS.—TUESDAY.
Several bills having been brought up from the commons,
the house adjourned during pleasure.
At five o'clock the Lord Chancellor again took his seat on
the woolsack.

.•
The West India relief bill, the Caledonian canal bill, the
friendly societies bill, and the poor-law commissioners conti-
nuance bill, were read a third time and passed.
Some petitions were presented.
Viscount DUNCANNON gain notice, that if the municipal
districts (Ireland) bill was brought up to that house in the
course of the evening, he would move that it be read a first
time and printed, and would fix the third reading for Thurs-

day.
The Earl of GLENGAL gave notice, that on Friday next he
would move for a copy of the sentence passed on Lawrence
Davis at the Clonmel Assizes, for wilful and corrupt perjury

at the election of a poor-law guardian.
Lord BROUGHAM presented a petition from 1160 persons
of colour in the island of Barbadoes. Of the petitioners,
1100 were persons who had been emancipated from slavery,
and on this account the petition was most interesting to him,
as it no doubt would be to their lordships, when they heard
that this was the first petition which had emanated from any
body of the emancipated people of colour, in the exercise of
that right which they had, in common with every other class
their fellow-subjects, to lay their complaints and wishes be-
fore the parliament. (Hear, hear.) The petitioners com-
p...en Lam. Luc quauncani.,. -e 14,-„vb.
of Assembly was too high ; and also that the electoral quali-
fication was so high as to limit the elective franchise to 1200
persons, out of a population of 130,000 ; and of this 1200
not more than 200 were people of colour. The conse-
quence, as might be supposed, was, that the interest of
the emancipated people of colour who were unrepresented
was not attended to by that house ; but, on the contrary,
the measures which were recommended by the govern-
ment for their protection, and the amelioration of their
condition, were rejected. They complained most particu-
larly of the, restrictions' which were placed on their emigra-
tion to the other islands. (Hear.) The restriction of which
they complained, and in which, to a certain degree, be went
along with them—though to a certain degree also he did
not—was an act by which every person was prohibited, under
very severe penalties, from acting as an immigration agent
without a license. Undeniably there was a great risk of
abuse by persons acting as emigration agents, which it was
necessary there should be some check to prevent, since
negroes might be inveigled on board a ship, and, instead of
being carried to Guiana, where they would be free, taken to
the Brazils, where they would be slaves. But the negroes
maintained that the real object 'of the act was to prevent
emigration—to keep them in the island, and thus keep labour
cheap. It was possible that this might be one great object of
the legislature there, while it was clear, on the other hand,
that this was a different case, from the crimping system in the
case of the Hill Coolies in the East Indies ; nevertheless it
ought to be under some control, that the emigration of la-
bourers might not on the one hand be made the means of
carrying them into slavery in Brazil, and on the other hand,
of improperly detaining them in the island. He hoped great
attention would be paid to the subject by the government at
home before they allowed the act, which if it were disallowed,
he hoped some other means, not liable to the same objec-
tions, might be found to prevent these abuses.
The Earl of DIXON, on the bringing up the report of the
select committee on the grammar schools bill, suggested that
the bill should be recommitted. . .

The Bishop of EXETER wished to know whether it was in-
tended to' lay the ordinance of the governor-general of 'Ca-
nada, relating to the seminary of St. Sulpice on the table of
that house, and whether it was consistent for her majesty to
give her consent to the ordinance ?
Viscount MELBOURNE said it would not be laid on the
table during the present session ; at the same time he was of
opinion that it was quite consistent for her majesty to give
her assent to it.
The Bishop of EXETER would remind the noble viscount
that the governor in council could not make any ordinance
affecting or altering the religious establishments of Canada,
and he would remind the 'noble viscount that the ordinance
did affect the religious establishments in that country, by
erecting the monks of the seminary of St. Sulpice into a body

corporate.
In reply to questions from the Earl of HADDINGTON,
. . .

. .
VISCOWat MELBOURNE replied that the government were
not determined on discontinuing the £5O a-year to Bishop
M`Gill, but that they were determined on discontinuing the
salaries of her Majesty's chaplains in Scotland, who might
be appointed hereafter.
The Earl of HADDINGTON was sorry to hear of the inten-
tion of discontinuing those salaries. He looked upon it as
an unwise and shabby proceeding.
On the motion of the Marquis of LA.NSDOWNE, the com-
mittee on the promissory notes bill was deferred till Friday.
