HOUSE OF LORDS.-FRIDAY.

• Lord BROUGHAM presented several petitions in favour of the
" ballot," observing that though the question had been de-
feated else Where, there was a growing desire on the part of the
people lor'it.
_ _

Lord WA RNC.F.IFFE reminded their lordships that when that
" final" measure, the reform bill was before them, it was re-
sisted by many peers, on the ground that the carrying of it
would only prepare the way fur the ballot, an extension of the
suffrage, &c , a prophecy Oat seemed to be likely to be fully, as
well as speedily, realised.
Lord BaouGnAzn stated the terms of the address and resolu-
tions regarding negro slavery and the slave trade which he
intended to move on Tuesday next.
Lord illErirtoußNE, in answer to the Earl of Aberdeen's
quirt', stated the subject of religious education, as regarded
Scotland, and as arising out of several reports thereon, was
under the consideration of government.; but that nothing had
been decided,

The banking (clerical) copartnership bill went through com-
mittee, after which their lordships adjourned till Monday.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.-FRIDAY„

There were again many petitions presented; but they were
presented in so hurried and confused a manner, and amid so
much nuise,...that the places whence they came,-or the objects of
them, could seldom be heard in the gallery.
A petition was presented for a bill to enable the proprietors
-to dispose of Vauxhall Gardens by lottery. ,
Mr SLANEY vave notice that onThursday next he would ap-
ply for leave totAlig th n bill to ampnd the law regarding elec-
tions, so as to prevent intimidation on the part of landlords.
Lord DUNGANNON inquired whether it was the intention of
the government to propose any extension of the time regarding
the commutation of tithes (England).
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER answered in the nega-
tive, but observed that the Treasury had in contemplation a
plan to facilitate the voluntary commutation of tithes in
England. He added (in answer to inquiry from Mr. Heath-
cote) that the government did not contemplate any plan for the
alteration of the tithes commutation act ( England).
The house again resolved into committee on the poor relief
(Ireland) bill; and discussions thereon occupied nearly the
`whole of the remainder of the sitting.

COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE AND MONEY
MARKET.

(From the Sunday Timer.)
CITY, SATURDAY.—There has not yet been a general re-
sumption of business in the mercantile markets. The inland
communication by the canals being still interrupted by the frost,
large quantities of manufactured goods, as well as of raw cot-
ton, wools, and silks are thus prevented from arriving at their
destination; by which the execntion of orders for exportation
and home consumption is prevented. As far, however, as an
opinion can be formed from the aspect of the markets, there is
every reason to expect, as we have noticed on former occasions,
that there will shortly be a considerable iniprovement in all de-
paetruents of trade. The course adopted by the Bank of Eng-
land, in reducing the rate of interest on Discounts to Four per
Cent., has led to much controversy as to the phlicy of the mea-
sure at a period when speculation. in many articles of produce
as well as in Shares and Foreign Bonds, has been revived, and,
in fact, carried to a very considerable amount. The facility
with which discounts can be obtained from the-private bankers
at Two-and-a Half to Three per Cent., it is argued renders any
reduction by the Bank unnecessary, especially as it isadmit tea
that the Directors do not, while money continues so very plen-
tiful, anticipate. that they wilt receive a great accession of busi-
ness. The resolution adopted by the Bank, on Thuriday, was
as follows :

"Bank of Engla_nd, Feb. 15.
"At a Court of Direelois held this day, resolved,
"That on and after the 16th instant, the rate of interest on
bills of exchange, and poles discounted at the Bank of England,
will be 4 cent. per quuutu. _

"JOHN KNIGHT, Secretary."
The advice, received from the United States to the 25th ult.,
are not so satisfactory, in a mercantile point of view, as antici-
pated. The fact that the Bank of the Union had failed, had
checked the demand for all descriptions of goodS, and the ap-
prehension that others would be compelled to adopt a similar
course, prevented the transmission of many large orders for
goods to this country. It is openly charged against some of
the parties connected with the Commonwealth Bank (mane of
those which bas stopped payment,) that a regular conspiracy
had existed to obtain the public dep.osits,37o,ooo dollars having
been in its possession, all which, it is stated, would be a total
-loss. The government would also lose, it was expected, 60,000
dollars, deposited in the Middlesex Bank, which had also sus-
pended payment.
The affairs of most of the other banks of the United States
were in 'a favourable condition, and many of them were pre-
paring to pay in specie. Those of Albany had resumed cash
payments. In New York, the hanks held a sufficient amount
of bullion to enable them to resume, and the Bank.of the United
States had also greatly augmented its stock of the precious me-
tals. The low rate of'the exchange, and-the prices realized for
gold and silver, induced the opinion at New York, that there
would he soon very considerable arrivals of the precious metals
from England. il'he American merchants were providing large
quantities of goods to this country, all the packets which have
recently come in having been filled with cotton, tobacco. tur-
peirine, Sze. The quantity of cotton shipped off from the United
States, up to the 24th ult., exhibited a considerable *deficiency,
as compared with the shipments in the corresponding period of
1836. The number of hales exported up to the 24th January
last was 318,000' against 330,000 bales up to the same period of
the previous year. The 'exchange at New York was 109-1 to
110, with a great scarcity of money. British sovereigns were
worth five dollars five cents. American gold commanded a pre-
mium of 8 to 9 per cent.

Much dissatisfaction had been occasioned among the claim-
ants upon the French and Portuguese indemnity fund, in conse-
quence of the President having directed that the parties having
' claims should he paid in Treasury notes which were at a dis-
count of from 11 per cent. This was considered ri 'great hard-
ship, as the American authorities would only receive the com-
pensation doe to American subjects in specie. An offiCial no-
tification had been issued from the department of state at Wash-
ington, to the effect that the United States Minister at Lisbon
had received the first instalment of 10,000 mitreis, being part of
the indemnity agreed to be paid by the Portuguese govern-
ment in satisfaction of claims of American subjects, owners of
vessels destroyed or captured by the former state.
The Funds have shown great firmness this week, many ex-
tensive purchases-having been made in consequence of the ter-
mination of the revolt in Canada, and the resolution of the Bank
Directors to diminish the rate of discounts to 4 per cent. The
advance on Consuls, and the other descriptions of Stock, has
exceeded 11 per cent., the lowest prices of the former having
been 918, and the highest which were from yesterday, 921 i.
The speculators for a fall were quite taken " aback" by the
Bank notice, and the absence of any apprehension of a rupture
with America in consequence of the destruction of the " Caro-
line" steam-boat. The amount of Stock bought yesterday to
make up Bear Accounts was very heavy. The rise on the Three
per Cents- Reduced has been from 921 to 931, and in the Three-
and-a-H alf per Cents Reduced from 1004 to 1(X)g. Nut much
fluctuation has taken place in Exchequer Bills, which were
yesterday at 55 57 prem., or in India Bonds, which have re-
inained very steady at 55 57 prem Bank of England Stock
has fallen from 206 to 2051 but in East India Stock there has
been a run from 2631 to 2651.
There have not been any very important operations in pro-
gress in the Foreign Stock Market this week. The principal
alteration has been in Brazilian Stock, which, in consequence
of the report that the rebels at Bahia could not hold out against
the general government, have advanced from 721 to 74N. The
market yesterday was much less animated as that news was not
contitlned, and the prices declined to 731. The fact that about
£12.000 is on its way to this country from Bogot, to form the
nucleus cf a fund for the liquidation of a portion of Ihedividends
due upon Colombian Binds, has given great firmness to all the
Smith American Stocks. The advances on Colombian has been
from 24 to 21, in Mexican from '29 to 30, and in Peruvian from
19 to '2l. The value of Spanish Stock has rather improved this
week, purchaes having been made yesterday at l9i, which is
I per cent. better. Portuguese Five per Cents. hale not been
sold above '271. nor the
,Three per Cents at more than IS. The
Value of Russian Stock. has been increased to 113, of Danish to
75, of the Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents to 531, and of the
Five' par Cents to 103. The qUotations of the French Five per
Cents have-fluctuated this week between 110.25 and 110.50, the
exchange being quoted at 25f. 8(k. The settlement of the ac-
count in this market was accomplished without any difficulty on
Wednesday last. The money which chapged bands was npt by
any means extensive.

The mania for speculations in Share& has been increased to
nearly a fever height this week, and prices have all been on the
rise. Many of them, however, received a sudden check yester-
day afternoon, parties showing a desire to realize their profits.
The highest' prices obtained for the principal shares this week
have been the following:—'File Birpingham and Derby 171,
or 21 dis.; the Bristol and Exeter 6, or 4 dis.; the Great
Western 86, or 21 pm.; the London and Brighton 111,-or 6 pin.;
the Blackwall 8, or 5 pin. • the London and Birmingham 166,
or 76 pin. ; the Greenwich 19, or I dis.; the Southampton 40,
o %'
or 10 Ms.; the Croydon 24,2,-, or 2Y pm,; the Manchester and
Leeds 30, or 10 pin.; the _Nrth Midland 26X, or 1 pm.; and
the South Eastern and Dover 7, or par. In the other Shares
not much change has occurred. British North American Bank
and London Joint Stock Bank 7. Or liar.
; I.c:ndon and Westminster
Shares have improved to 20 or par
Bank 214. or I M pm.;
Ha LE-F AST TWE CV-E.—The excitement produced by the late
arrivals from-New York, which brought intelligence to the 24th
from Canada, having, in some degree, subsided, the attention
of those interested in the affairs of that distracted country is
turned to the reported arrival off Hid} head, of the packet•t;hip
Hibernia, which will bring advices two days later than those
previously received.
We have no news of interest from the continent.
In funds there is but little to notice this morning. Consols
fir money and account are flat at 94 exchequer Bills are at
57. and the unmarked India bonds at I.ls. prem.; bank stock
has not rallied, continuing at 2054. The reduced three-and.a-
half per cents maintain the advanced quotation of 1014.
In the foreign market not mach bii-,iness has yet been tran-
isohnaes a
t ivte74)3°l 04, Colt ntdsa" at
tulm9 i to I, Portuguese new
an at 274, and Dutch
at 274,
S
Brazilpan bonds
two-and-a-half per cents at 534.
Shares are still in demand. Great Western fetch 21, the
Brighton 5, the n Birmi 'ham 75, the Southampton new 164,
and the North Midland 1 prem. Colonial Bank are at Y.,
prem.

COACH ACCIDENT.—On Monday evening, as the Doctor
coach was on its way to Manchester, through Blackburn and
Bolton, on arriving at Dimple toll-bar, near Charter's gloss,
about five miles from Bolton, on the Blackburn road, an accident
occurred. Mr. Thwaites's brewery cart was on its way to
Blackburn, and the coachman, seeing that it was in the way;
called nut for the carter to remove it. The carter, however,
was absent trim.. his post and the coach and cart came in con-
tact, by which tha coachman and a gentleman on the b.x-seat
were thrown to the ground. The coachman sprung up, and
endeavoured to stick to the reins, but the horses. plucked them
from his grasp, and the pole and splinter bar having been bro-
ken, the horses galloped down the bill, leaving the coach at the
top, which was a very fortunate circumstance, as the coach
would probably have been thrown over by the steepness of the
descent, and the consequences might have, been awful. The
coachman has since been confined to his bed, but is not seriously
injured.—Manchester Courier.
