Emperial VarlikintnL

_HOUSE OF LORDS.—THURSDAY.
Parliament was this day prorogued by his Majesty in person,
the session, which cominenoetl on the 19th of ,February, last,
having been protracted to the unusual extent of precisely seven
months.,
The attendance of ladies was not near so numerous as we
have been accustomed to witness on similar occasions, a'circum-
stance to the production of which the lateness of the season and
the cold and uncomfortable state of the weather must have
greatly contributed.
At one o'clock Lord Denman sat as speaker.
Prayers were read by the Bishop of Bristol. • •
Amongst the peers who had assembled, we observed the Duke
of Buccleuch, the Marquisses of Ormonde and Chohnondley;
the Earls of Roden, Rosslyn, Devon, Shaftesbury, Leitrim,
Denbigh, and Minto; Viscounts Melbourne, Duncannon, and
Canterbury; and Lords Wharncliffe, Fitzgerald, Lyndhurst,
Teynham, Straffbrd, Glenelg, and Auckland.
A. great number of the, foreign „ministers were stationed im-
mediately behind the treasury bench.
The Earl' of RODEN- piesented petitions from a parish in
Somersetshire against,' any measure that would have the effect
of dividing the united sburch of England and Ireland ; from
Mr. Robert Hall, of Norfolk-street, Strand, to the same effect;
from Drbgheda, against the Irish municipal corporations bill;
and_ from the guild of St. John the Baptist, Dublin, praying
their lordships to preserve the protestant religion iu Ireland,
and not to sanction any measure that would be the means of de-
stroying the union between the two countries.
At a quarter before two o'clock the discharge of artillery and
the clangour of the trumpets announced the approach of his
Majesty, who entered the house attended the usual cortege.
Viscount Melbourne bore the sword of state, the Earl of Shaftes-
bury the cup of maintenance.
The commons were immediately summoned to attend, and
the speaker, accompanied by a considerable number of mem-
bers, soon after appeared at the bar.
The Sessicza delivered himself to the following effect:—
"May it please your majesty, we, your majesty's faithful com-
mons, attend in obedience to your majesty's commands at the
close of this session, a session, also, of no common or ordinary
circumstances.. Your majesty, in opening this session, was
graciously pleased to say, that the estimates, which your ma-
JestybadWen graciously pleased to direct to be laid before the
House of Commons, were lower in amount than on any former
occasion within your majesty's experience. The estimates still
continue to bear the same character, evincing a general and
sincere desire to advance in a steady and progressive manner
the promotion of economy;.so far as that object may. be effected
without impairing the etliciency of the public service, toward's
which the most anxious attention has been, directed. Arrange-
ments—in consequence of that generous and noble act, the abo-
lition of slavery—have rendered it necessary to effect a loan of
£15,000,000, to afford that compensation which was to be
awarded to the owners of slaves; and it is most consolatory and
gratifying to state that this loan was formed under circumstances
and on terms which afford fresh proof of the stability and pros-
perity of the credit of the empire. Unhappily, sire, the condi-
tion of Ireland has not been such as to make it expedient to
leave to the people of that portion of the empire the unrestricted
benefits of a free constitution. An act has therefore been
passed, by which provision is m,:de for the prompt trial and
punishment of parties in cases where disturbances occur, and
powers have been granted, authorisieg strong measures to be
adopted in places where an infraction of the peace of the
•country has been committed. A measure thus uniting moderate
provisions with a vigorous enforcement of the law may
reasonably be expected to be efficient in commanding general
respect, because its provisions are drawn up with due consider-
ation for those against whom they maybe directed, and because,
being conceived in a mild but firm spirit and temper, they are
the better calculated to preserve the peace of the country. The
means of improving the municipal corporations of England and
Wales—of establishing an efficient police—and of forming
proper local courts, have occupied much time, and we have
studied, with unwearied attention, how we couldd most success-
fully adopt a plan suited to the increased intelligence, wealth,
and the numbers of the people, hew they mig,ht most beneficially
exercise the right of popular election, secure the services of
those who were best qualified for the performance of public
duties, and provide for the impartial administration of justice,
the maiutenance of order, and the enforcement of the law.
These are amongst the
.great questions considered by us iu the
course of this long session, and your majesty's faithful com-
mons will be amply repaid for their protracted and laborious
exertions if their deliberations have conduced to the real con-
tentment of the people, and to the renewed vigour and perma-
nent security and. establishmentof the important and invaluable
institutions of the country. I now, on the part of your ma-
jesty's faithful commons, present your majesty with the last bill
of the session. It is entitled 'Au act to apply the sum of
money out of the consolidated fund, and the surplus of the ways
and means, to the service of the year 1835, and to appropriate
the supply granted hi the present session of parliament,' to
which we, with humility, pray your majesty's royal assent."
The appropriation bill, the capital punishments bill, the
fines and recoveries bill, the letters patent bill, and the grand
juries (Ireland) bill, then received the royal assent in the usual
form.
His MAJESTY (who looked remarkably well, healthy, and
ruddy) then delivered the following most gracious speech to
both houses of parliament:—
't MY LORDS AND GENTLEMEN,
" I find with great satisfaction that the state of the public bu-
siness enables me to relieve you from further attendance, and
from the pressure of those duties which you have performed with
so much zeal and assiduity.

I receive from all foreign powers satisfactory assurances of
their desire to maintain with me the most friendly under-
standing, and I look forward with confidence to the preserva-
tion of the general.peace, which.has been, and will be, the ob-
ject of my constant solicitude.
" I lament that the civil contest in the northern provinces of
Spain has not yet been brought to a termination ; but, taking a
deep interest in the welfare of the Spanish. monarchy, I shall
continue to direct to that quarter my most anxious attention, in
concert with the three powers with whom I concludedlhe treaty
of quadruple allii.nce; and I have, in furtherance of the'objects
of that treaty, exercised the power vested in me by the I)ifisla-
ture, and have granted permission to my subjects to engage in
the service of the queen of Spain.
" I have concluded with Denmark, Sardinia, aid Sweden,
fresh conventions, calculated to prevent the traffics in African
slaves; I hope soon to receive the ratification of a similar treat 3.
which has been signed with Spain.
"I am engaged in negotiations with other powers in Europe
and in South America for the same purpose, and I trust that ere
long the united efforts of all civilized nations will suppress and
extinguish this traffic.
" I perceive with entire approbation that you have directed
your attention to the regulation of municipal corporations in
England and Wales, and I have cheerfully given my assent to :
the bill which you have passed for that Purpose. I cordially
concur in this important measure, which is calculated to allay
discontent, to promote peace and union, and to procure for those
communities the advantages of responsible government.
" I greatly rejoice that the internal condition' of Ireland has
been such as to have permitted you to substitute for the neces-
sary severity of a law which has been suffered to expire, enact-
ments of a milder character. No part of my duty is more grate-
ful
to my feelings than the mitigation of a penal statute in any
case in whiCh it can be effected consistently with the mainten-
ance bf order and tranquillity.
"GENTLEME:I,OF THE'HOUSE OF COMMONS,
"Ip.ank yoU fdr the readinesi with which you have voted the
"You have provided not only for the expenses of the year,
and for the interest upon the large sum awarded to the owners
L of slaves inmy colonial possessions, but also for several unex-
pected and peculiar claims upon the justice and liberality of the
r nation.

" It is most gratifying to observe that not only have these de-
mands been met without addidional taxation, but that you have
made some further progress in reducing the burdens of my peo-
ple. _ _ _ .

" I am enabled to congratulate you that the terms upon which
the loan for the compensation to the proprietors of slaves has
been obtained afford conclusive evidence of the flourishing state
of public credit, and of that general confidence which is the re-
sult of a determination to fulfil the national engagements, and
to maintain inviolable the public faith.
"MY LORDS AND GENTLEMEN.
" I know that I may securely rely upon your loyalty and pa-
friotism, and I feel confident that in returning to your respec-
tive connties, and in resuming those functions which you dis-
charge with so much advantage to the community,• you will se-
commend to all classes of our countrymen obedience to the
law, attachment to the constitution, and a 'spirit of temperate
amendment, which, under Divine •Providence, are the surest
means of preserving the tranquillity and increasing the pros-
perity which this country enjoys." •
The Loan SPEAKER (Lord Denman,) by his Majesty's com-
mand, said—

"MY LORbS AND GENTLRMRN,
" It is his Majesty's royal will and pleasure, that this parlia-
ment be prorogued to Tuesday, the 10th day of November next,
to be then here holden; and this parliament is accordingly pro-
rogued to Tuesday; the 10th day of November next."
