WARRINGTON ELECTION.

This morning, at eleven o'clock, the nomination of the Can.
didates for the re.presentation of the Borough of Warrington, in
Parliament, took place in Butter Market-street. A commo-
dious hustings for the acconancdation of the Candidates and
their friends, was erected immediately contiguous to the
office. Towards this place, a -little before eleveu o'clock. in -
the morning, the two Candidates, JOHN lent-AND BLACK!.
siunNY., Esq., and Mr. CHARLES HINDt er,-the radical orator of
Duckentieal, who, (before the elevation of Lord Brougham-lo
the woolsack), was that gentleman's electioneering cat's-eaw,
proceeded in procession with bands of music and banner.
flying. Mr. Blackburne's friends set out from -the Lion
Hotel, and Mr. Hinatey's from the R'ag's Ile'ad Inn. The
banners of Mr. Blackburne having appropriate Conservative
mottos, were extremely splendid, and. as his cavalcade
moved through the streets it received the most enthusiastic
cheers from the windows of the inhabitants, achich were filled
by respectable persons of both sexes. " The witchei" its ills.
spirited borough shone forth -most resplendently on the occa-
sion, apparent.y vieing with each other to oisplay the color es.of
.the constitutional vanitidates in rosettes, &c. to the best advan-
tage ; in fart a complete array of beauty was to be Seen at all the
respectable houses to greet Mr. Blackburn's procession as it
moved. .On arriving at the hustings J. Nicholson, Esq.ethe
returning esflicer, took the chair in the centre, Mr. Bleck-
burne's friends being ranged at his right hand, and Mr. Hind-
lev's to the left. Mr. Ht ndley's party cut a most isejer:ted figure
compared with that.of 11r. :Blackburoe's; a few sorry green
and pink calico flags. followed by the tag rag andensessaleetors,
was the only feature that drew attention, as being a great c,..n-
-trast to that of Mr. Bias-kb:tune, hie liags and beunets bar.ng
the most elegant iippearance' and his party consisting of thtt
wealth and influence of the town. The exclusive dealing aye-
tern of intimtdatten, it apeeare, has been carried on to . a great
extent amongst the stead shopkeepers. With this disgraceful
opposition Mr. I.Mackhurne has to contend; and, tote it hstands
iog. however its influence, there does not appear to exist a doubt
at tbat gentleman's return.
The_ pi oela unction
,having •beeet read.
Trios. -PA), a 'banker, in ale
,appropriate address, nc.
minated John Ireland B.ackburnee Hirt., as a fit and proper
person to replesent the interests 'atilt! borough-in Parliament,
Jour* Pt..stia, Esq., amidst loud cheers, briefly seconded the
notion-06pp.
Mr. Hoenacioxi GaSit ELL (a unitarian) in a speech more
remarkable for its length than its point, and which we regret;
for his sake, we have ootroum to publish, then came forwart
and proposed Mr.
Mr. Tostseti STI. Bs seconded the nomination. •
JOHN Itt Kea ern Bi.AcKECriNE; Esq. then came for:Wird. and'
addressed the eleceers. He said that -the last time he-had the
honour of addressing them fronethoeselaustiugs, he had hot anti,
cipated that he should so soon again have occasion to call-upon
their to-place him in that sitteet on, which since the keterna
Bill bad passel, was the highest object his ambition aspired to.
(Obsess.) He unw addressed their with different feedings than
he did et the last election, for he had the p:eaaure to.know that-
since that period, there were many who were then adverse Ace
him,-hail promised him their support. (Loud-cheers.) He tea
assarecithat the credit of that virtuous aeouinistration, -*hide
had just ,e.x.pired,.was est a discount, and had not given that
geaereleati,stactitio which some parties would }neve them to bp,
here. Ile wits well aware. that the great reaction in political'
opinions, which had taken place amongst the electors of Ware
eingfon, was not in any way attributable -to their personal
feelings.ofsespeentowards him. He was convinced that it was
owing to the cause that he espoused. and would defend. As au
advocate of that cause, he, au humble individnal, claimed their
suffrages•aa a candidate to represent their interest iu Parlia-
ment.. He did not pretend to claim their suffrages on any other
grounds, andesas anxious to do his duty to them, as his consti-
tuents, if they returned him to Parliament. If they did se, it was
his firm determination, in supporting their interests, strenuously
to support the constitution.of the country in church and state,
(loud and.continued cheers ;) .he did not deny that improve-
ments m ght be made in the church establishment, and he fit
one would be desirous of reforming any abuse that couid be
proved-to exist. He would, however, say to them, 'let those
abuses be reformed by the Mewls of the church-and not by its.
eiternies. It was n-el: known to have been the inietnion of ere
large and influential body of the e:rpire to separate the clew&
front the state, which was tantamount to the destruction of the
church itself. (Cheers.) He must confess, and especially after
(our of his -majesty's :ministers had seceded from the cabinet
who were adverse to the contemplated measures, that be should
bare looked with great jealousy on the retinse el any abuse
which emanated form such asi urce. in his opinion the ques-
lien between them was, not whether these talked-of abuses in
the church wee to be removed, but whether the church, itself
was :obe destroyed. (Loud
,cheers.) He .was a toryeaed kni
stating that it was nothing ne v to them, awl as a tory h.e would
Sly he WaS willing to suepert ,toy triedure foe the eahee
coininntation of :tithes, and he knew that the elergy would gite
. their support.to sach a measure. He was,,however, -
si:oliation both in church and state, and especially that d eserip-
tron of epolietion which would have the effect of rubbing the
clergy of that-wirish was their due, without. adding one iota to
the corofert eif those it wit&,orr.tenslest to relieve. (Cheers.) it
Lad herr► a practised acid a wicket deeserao to ulster rune She
.minds of the agricultural et:Asses that an abolition or nisiribul.
dion of tithe would benefit them ; he well knew that tvnidtl net
be the effer t. (Cheers.) Such a ineattre would be the means,
not of benetitieg the • farmer .but • the landlords; he was cote•
vineed, hewever, if such a measure was brought into opposition,
that th landlords weuld not avail themselves of such uishonest
n
means to eDrich themselves—he would tell them now, as he told
them last year, that if he .had the good fortune, and he felt
rather confident, td limn-tie their rein csentative, he wool.. sup-
port their interests to the hest to his ; he was au advo-
cate for measures of economy and retrenchment, so far as they
were-consistent with -English honour and English independero.e.
(Cheers.) He thought, and he would act up to his opinion,
that the taxation of the country might greatly be reduced, es-
pecially that department which pressed heavily on the lahonrinee
claSses. (Loud and continued cheering.) He was against any
species of pension being granted, except as a rearm: of public.:
-services, and .those services ha thought ought to-he taken into
consideration by pa !lament, and rewarded .accordingly. The
principles of the late ministers were professedly to reduce pen-
sions and places, and he give them credit fee being in office
when some offices were reduced; although it should net be for-
gotten. that when they entered etlice those places agdpensietssis
had been in the curse of reduction (cheers and laughtei ) ;
having given there credit for this, what did the assembly thi..k.
when they saw that at the-time when these reductiens took peace
these ministers_ created hundreds of other pensioners by the tiLie
of commissioners and others., &c., thereby enitairdeniag the
country with taxes threefold. Theme was another measure .for
which he gave his Majesty's late ministers credit (a laugh),
they abolished slavery, and no man rejiriced more thin he
when that odious measure was.abolishedeno hunger to disgrace
the statute book. (Cheers.) But how, lie would ask, was that
measure accoaiOshed—what was the sacrifice? Whv, by
about twenty millions being a.lded to the national debt. (Cries
cif " *trig policy all over.") He believed that that. measure
might have been resorted to at a less -sacrifice, with greater
security to the colonies, to the satisfaction of.the colintry. with
greater security air the owners of plantations-and other West
India property; and, lastly, be would say, with wrester ,-Inipi-
ness to the slaves theinselyes. (Loud chem.). He-knew .list
in nineteen plantations mint of twenty, the seemed
betterfood, better habitations, better health, and more cu:, forts
than the poor of this country, who had been recently Confessed
by theetd»g measure called the "poor -law amendment bid."
He believed that if ever there was au set of cruelty -passed into
a laviagainst the hurl:Thies classes, it was that "pour law amend-
went bid." "dLoutl cheers.) It had for its object the deist iva-
tien of the .cleiirest rights of the • poor. (Cheers.) It tore the
aged and infirm from the bosom of their family. and unique. Jed
theta to drag on a miserable existence in a pourheuse. (Cheers,
and cries of "Horrible.") This he gave them as a specimen of
whig humanity (cheers); but he hoped that one of the ririt
measures of the new House :of Commons would be to repeal
that odious and truly revolting measure. (Loud cheering.)
With respect to the nienufacturing interest, it had been said that
he was oppoiied to it in consequence of being a landholder.
Such futile objections scarcely needed a reply ; for it o s obvi-
ous that the interests of the agriculturist and manufacturer were
so, indissoluily combined, that one culla! not flourish a theist
.the tither; when one declined, the other must, and When,
English manufai tureS ceased, he was going almost to sly tie
Should decline reeeiving any rents. (Loud cheers.) So•con-
viiiced was he thanthe Interest of the WIC could not but steer.
turned without smiting the other, With respect to the present
administratien, which, it they sent hint to parlialliciii, tie
w,ud independently support, there had been no species -of
abuse and ul.loquy. .w 44h. a Ocptiveti mind count invent,.
which had not been heaped -Lyon them; they were -said .to
be opposed to every right, social, and piatieal, and the
chempion of ithuses; but he might make answer to all direst!
charges by merely appealing to the patriotic and manly address.
or Sir Ruhert Peel, .to the electors ui Tarnwerth. (,Loud and
-continue-1 cheers.). That address. he was_convinced, would;
satisfy the greater:portion of the Victims ut esuesend, of the
. sincerity of -their intentions. He would refer thetas back doe
the. page of history also, to prove that the principles of a. Cory
adonuistration were not opposed to liberal measures. (Cheees.),
That, however, was scarcely necessary, as the fact coefd be.
preyed by recent events. Ile should like :to -ahlt them •who.
emancipated the patholies? s(Cheers.) Who took the. dissabia
lilies from the shoulders of the ,dissenters? (lowd cheers.).
He 'had'hirnselfsudi inipticit eanfidetne to the integrity of the
present government, that he should as soondo-.ve theught of the
Diike of Wellington. after •Iris glorious .victory at Waterloo,
marching bade to Brussels, as the present government to retro-
grade from the principles they professed. (Loud cheers.) He
.said. let them have a government which would-be a conservation,
of'the-great institutions of the country ; . but not conservative of
its. abuses. (1.0,0 and :nag continued cheers_}, Such weretho
principles or the present governnient, and upon which .they :hed
accepted office, and if they dill him the houeur of ti-turning firm
their representative, he would fearlessly and iedepenitently
support theta. (Loud cheer,.)
.IVS,S•at.)tp..io an eoesethteg
on the sue ect of the coercion whiea had been used to gain
votes-by the system of exclusive dealing, but he Would pass that
by, as he knew John Bull -too well to suppose he could be indua
sinned by it. (Cheers.)
Mr. BLACKBIIiNE conelueled, amid Loud cheers, by bqping
that .the constituency, - V.:orlon(' would rally rUnna' The 1;,11-
servative Ceneidates and the Throne-. and Thereby enable •I.ia
Majesty to fulfil the pledge whieh he gave to the clergy s
kV sup-
port that church which his ance,tars -Ball supprted..
Mr. HiNiuLkv, the -other candidate, then .ea.nos foesvatol 'anti
delivered a long speech made up id the,counetee.pleee phreees,
and sentences which for a length of time he', e goat-eel the oratory
of the whigs.—We have not room to rveort it.
A peel was then demanded on belntlf of the Candidates, ant}
the returning ellieer adjourned. the court Until Wearies:lay
ti
e pail commences. ~

LIVERPOOL :
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED
EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY -MORNING

BY RICHARD PATTISSON,
At N0..4, NoRTH cIIREIMINT, CAEITLX,ITRIUT.
