he produced it On the same authority—the authority of Mr
Puy rider in the court of directors. (The rev. gentleman
here itilioduced an extract from Mr. l'oyndei's speech.)—
This was the predicament in which our "brethren in India
were placed. They were reduced to the alternative of
breaking the commands of the government which they them-
selves say would r uiu any army, or else of violating the command-
ments of God. It was a case of grievous hardship. It was impos-
ing a test. In order to hold office under the governmnt of India,
her majesty's subjects were required to submit to a test, and that
test was, participation in heathen and mahomedan idolatry.—
This was not an age for imposing tests; they had seen what many
of them believed to be the test of truth removed from this land with
great triumph and congratulations amongst all who called them-
selves liberal; and where did they find the rallying cry of these
liberals to take away this vile heathen test. There were
ten times as many men in Liverpool as would fill that
place to overflowing, who would lush there to have a cry
of down with our glorious test, There were thousands to
cry hosannab at the fall of the test of Jesus Christ; where were
they now When they met to pull down the test of evil,
why was not that place crammed with all manner of Christians
who would say, "we will never submit to have a test imposed,
on a brother to kneel down at an altar of the devil." (Great
cheering.)
~(f British subjects in India were required byrt
some
native governor to contribute to his religion—supposing B I I
subjects to reside within some principality which had not been,
added to the empire of the East India Company, and suppos-
ingt they were required by some native Rajah to pay a taxan'to
the support of his worship. and the Rajah said to them, "1 d
e,
require you to attend these services; you are at liberty to Wor-
ship God freely as you will; but if you live in my country, and
obtain the advantages of the protection of my laws, I insist on
your paying to the support of my religion, which I believe is-
the support of that law." if this were all, we would say we
have nothing to complain of.. We avail ourselves of the laws-
of the laud, and we are bound to support the religion on which
those laws are based, leave us only to worship God as we please'
But when they said, " you must not only pay the tax but come to
the doors, and bow your heads when the idol moves, and du hom-
age to this great image of Satin as if you were worshipping it.'`
Then the tone was altogether altered, and instead of a lawful
demand to support that religion on which that law was based,
there was an unlawful demand to comply with the ceremonial of
a a
religion
to which conscience is opposed. But after all, the
m
point
must be with the propagation of the gospel. Their
in
brethren in India—their felloW subjects, were exposed to the
hardships he had described, and he must briefly touch on one
hardship More before he proceeded to submit the petition to the
meeting, which had been adopted at a preliminary meeting.
The rev. gentleman then read a memorial agreed to at Madras,
and addressed to Sir Frederick Adam, which set forth that Pro-
testant soldiers, who were members of the church of England,
were required, contrary to her MajestY's regulatious, to
be present at the worship of the church of Rome, and were
Compelled to be participators also in the worship of' the church
of Rome. This wag as great a grievance as the other. He pro-
tested he thought that taking Popery as it was, unchecked by
surrounding Protestantism, and unrestrained by the convenient
hypocrisy, which wore a veil to hide the apPearahae of bigotry,
he protested he thought that Popery, taking it in its zeal and
active spirit, was, if any thing could be, worse than .Hindooistri
itself.: (Cheers.), He had said, unchecked ,by the gaze of sur-
rounding Protestantism. What rendered Popery so delusive
was its power of chainelion change of colour
,snider change of
circumstances: There was in the system sermuehnominal truth,
that she could avail herself of it when it suitedher, e'rriat the name
time there was such.an overload of ceremonial of man's authority
mixed with and hiding the truth of God,
,that wlsen,phe was at
liberty to use that, the truth was kept cushioned; and,the cere-
monial of man was, put forward; and while there was light
enough in the system to add to responsibiliry;_there was not
light enough to deliver from sin. That British
,subjects in In-
dia should be compelled to:take part in the ceremonial of Hindoo
worship and in the ceremonial of Popery was *crying grievance-
(Hear and cheers.) Did they think. it a griexiance (Continued
cheering 4 Then he held in his hand a petition which was
adopted at a meeting preliminary to this, and which he should
read to them,, in the expectation that every man who agreed to
the conclusion they had now come to, and felt the moral re-
sponsibility connected with mental conviction, would go and
suit theaction to the feeling, and fix his signature to this peti-
tion. (Cheers.) The petition was. this :
" To the Right HonoUrable the Lords Spiritual and Temporal
of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in par-
liament assembled:
" To the Honoirable the Commons of the United Kingdom
of Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament assembled.
" The bumble petition of the ministers and inhabitants of Li-
verpool, in the county of Lancaster
Sheweth,

" That your petitioners, being greatly interested in the pro-
motionof the gospel of our Lord and Sa.yiour Jesus Christ, sub-
mit, with the deepest regret, that obstacles ate raised to its pro-
pagation by the conduct of the governments of India. both at
home and abroad, in openly encouraging the worship and ser-
vice of idolatry, and deriving a revenue therefrom.
"That British officers have been compelled to take part in
the idolatrous ceremonies of the heathen, contrary to their con-
sciences.

" That temples have been built and repaired, and roads to
them made at the expense of the government ; and that the
payment of the priests and prostitutes who frequent the tem-
; ples, has been issued from the treasury, and all the impure and
disgusting practices connected with idol worship, together with
the payment of an organized band of pilgrim hunters, to col-
lect worshippers from all parts of India, have long been sanc-
tioned and provided for by its anthority.
"That your petitioners are grieved to find that, notwithstand-
ing a despatch from the Court of Directors, dated 20th Feb.
1833, (in which it was directed that the pilgrim tax should be
abolished, and that all interference on the part of British func-
tionaries in the management of temples, rites, &c. of the natives,
should cease), no practical measures have yet been adopted to
carry that despatch into effect.
" That, further, the East India Directors have, at their last
general court, passed a resolution to receive no more remon-
strances on the subject.
"That your petitioners humbly pray, that your honourable
house (the Commons) will extend protection to our fellow-
Christians, and will cause the Indian government to execute the
express orders so long since transmitted by the East India Corn-
pany
-toabandon all patronage of idolatry, and profit arising
therefrom.
" And your petitioners shall ever pray, &c."
sNt
aore tehe
nty
of would observe,
the
case
was
itnhaadt
ein
that this
wasp ti t
pi to. ris
sti hb every
l e
becausesimplest.the
head and front of the case was Indian idolatry, and because, iu
this morbid state of things at home, one could scarcely dare to•
be faithful to his christian convictions, without seeming
to set party against party. There was no mention of Popery in
the petition He thought it was a fault, (loud cheering). But
they were no way compromised by omitting the mention of
Popery, and many of their brethren would sign the petition
withourthe mention of Popery, who, otherwise would refuse front
some undefined tenderness—he could not explain it—some
susceptibility which looked with apprehension on anything
which infringed on that most delicate monster. (Great cbee -
ing.) In connexion with this petition, he bad to request that
two topics might be considered ; first, a testlindbial to Sir
Peregrine Maitland. He remembered at their preliminary,
meeting, when the amiable and excellent, the tender and chris-
tian Chancellor of the diocese mentioned Sir Peregrine Mait-
land in terms of exquisite beauty—he remembered, he added.
that to accept the resignation of that honourable soldier would,
he a pertinacity of infatuation in the government at home..
They had been guilty,it seemed, of that pertinacity of infatuation.
And he begged to propose, in connexion withthis petition, that
a subscription should commence in that room first, and proceed
in the town and through the kingdom, for a testimonial to pre-
sent to Sir Peregrine Maitland on his arrival in England.—
(Great cheering.) He had further to request that their mother
and sisters, or wives or daughters, who honoured them with
their presence, and smiled consolation and peace to many ei
burdened heart among them, who, after a toilsome day
could find a bosom of affection to lay their weary head upon,
and have peace in the evening—he asked their ladies to get up
an address, taking these premises into consideration, and ap-
proach their Queen. (Great cheering.) An address from the
ladies of Liverpool to Queen Victoria, imploring her tender
affectionate heart to interpose and try whether there was not
magic in the Queen's voice to bind the stubborn temper of the
court of directors, and whether even British merchants, albeit
though they had become somewhat steeled from the effect of
gain, would not feel a power attach to the Queen's command,
which should enter the council chamber, and as the echo of your
wishes, should say, " in the name of Victoria, let compulsion
of conscience cease with all my subjects." See, then, how the
matter became practicable. Three things were to bedone in Liver-
pool; first, to petition both Houses of Parliament, that was on
the spot; then a subscription to Sir Peregrine Maitland, which
he thought should be done on the spot, and the sooner done the
better; and third, an address to the Queen. Now, (addressing
the ladies,) what was every body's business was no one's busi-
ness ; don't let some of them be saying, " let somebody begin,"
let each of them begin—that was the way. (Cheers.) After e
few further remarks, the reverend gentleman concluded with
seconding the resolution and proposing the petition.
A gentleman, whose name we afterwards ascertained was,
Mr. JOHN Bowes, minister of the chapel in Hope-street, here,
stood up and said—Sir, I request to know, what Mr. M'Neilf
means by asking, where are the liberals ? He says the libe-
rals have taken away our test, and that test is our Lord Jesus
Christ. (" No, no," hisses, cheers and confusion.)
Mr. M‘Nette immediately explained. "No, no, no; whO
could ever imagine that men had taken away our Lord Jesus
Christ ? The thing is impossible !" (Great laughter and
cheers.)
Mr. Bowes again rose, but was greeted with a storm of
laughter and hissing.
The CHAIRMAN.—Pray hear the gentleman.
Mr. M'Nait.a.—Now my dear friends, let me entreat you to
give implicit obedience to your chairman. You need not be
afraid of anything they can say. If the gentleman has mis-
understood me I shall be most happy to be set right, and to se'
the meeting right. And if I have misunderstood him, I can
only apologise to him for having interrupted him so speedily.
(Cheers.)

Mr. BowEs again rose and proceeded—l have to apologise
for obtruding myself on the meeting. I like orderly meetings.
think it important that every sentiment should be carried
unanimously. But the cry of " where are the liberals?" as
that is associated with a particular class of politicians and a
large
class of religionists, when I heap' the cry of " where are
the liberals ?"--1 felt as if I could say—" We are here--1 nel
here." And I think that this is a cause that ought not to be
i
taken up en party grounds—that no party in the church or
state should be sneered at in this cause, or appear to be sneered
at. 1 think yon will require in carrying your particular object
all the help you can get; and therefore, I hope you will take
along with you all the liberals vou C4ll_ get. (Hear.) And /
don't know what test the Rev. Mr. M'Neile refers to. I heard,
his speech against slavery with great pleasure and delight ;
have heard his general remarks to-day with great pleasure and
delight ; but I don't know what he means by the liberals having
taken away our test. I wish to know what test they have taken.
away, that I may have a right understanding for my own con-
viction. (Hear.) As to the accomplishment of this object„
when I look to the constitution of the House of Commons, I ~,
not think it wise in this case to pursue this course. I P eilb"Phs
may have similar views as to popery as the Rev- 'gat,
111. Neile, but I do not think it wise to sneer at liberals or
Homan Catholics, whatever may be the evils of popery orot
liberalism, if we wish to carry this measure. Ido know tb,t •
the Baptists, who are generally very liberal, desire to tickno
plish this object; and I am sure that you may meet wive Worn:
•
tiers of the House of Commons who may be liberal acid Fe!:
haps Roman Catholic, who will vote for the abolition of toes
teceiv
pilgrim tax; and I say in accomplishing this, if youraa!
the support of liberals, why not take it ? And if
reive the support of Roman Catholics why not take it ?.(
I think you should take all the support you call teceiAte, (Ilear*
hear.) I beg the pardon of the meeting
The CHAIRMAN.—WiII you favour the meetirig, your•
name.?
Mr. Bowas.—l am sorry to say my narcie is rather es.
Hal:erre.
rious in Liverpool at this moment. My name is John Row es':
an.-
The CFIAIH MAN then put the resolution which was lo
mously carried.
Mr. McNeile again rose. He said,—l wish for an opportu-
nity to add one or two sentences in reply to the call which kw,
been made upon me—" 'Why did I ask, where are the liberals?"'
I will tell you why sir. 1 will tell this meeting why. We
engaged now in an object which has liberty of conscience NV
its great end. Liberty of conscience has always been theft"
