e--..-e

A SERMON will be icedeled.(p.v.) TO-MORROW MORN..
ING, the 19th instant, at ALL SAINTS' CHURCH,
Grosvenor-street, by the Rev. ROBERT MONTGOMERY,
M.A., Oxon, Incumbent ot St. Jude's, Glasgow, Author of
" Onaniprescence of the Deity," " The Messiah," and other
Poems, after which a Collection will be made in behalf of
the INFANT SCHOOLS connected with All Saints' Church.
Divine Service will commence at Eleven o'clock.

TST. G HALL.
HE ComitteeingEOßGE 'S
make arrangements for
me b Erecting Saint George's Hall, according to the designs
fixed upon, a GENERAL MEETING of the Proprietors
will be held, in the COTTON SALES' Room, in the Exchange
Buildings, on TUESDAY next, the 25th instant, at Twelve
o'clock, when the attendance of the Subscribers is particu-
larly requested.
The Committee also further request the attendance of all
persons friendly to the undertaking, and who may be desirous
to see erected in Liverpool a Public Hall, which, in its extent
and arrangements, shall afford the desired accommodation to
the Inhabitants, and which, in its Architectural Design and
Embellishments, shall be an ornament to the town.
JONATHAN BROOKS, Chairman.
HARDMAN EARLE, Deputy-Chairman.

CHESTER AND BIRKENHEAD RAILWAY
COMPANY.
TENDERS FOR LOANS.

THE DIRECTORS of this Railway Wilibe prepared, on
and after the Ist day of August next, to take up
LOANS of MONEY, on Mortgage of the tolls arising there-
from, in sums of not less than £l,OOO, and to remain for
Three or Five Years as may be agreed upon, for which,
Interest, at 5 per cent., will be paid half-yearly.
Tenders, stating the amount, to be addressed to Mr. J.
JAMES, the Treasurer, at the Company's Office, 24, Fenwick-
street. WAL DIXON, Chairman of the Board.
Liverpool, July 13, 1840.

LIVERPOOL AND MANCHESTER RAILWAY.
ALTERATION in the TIMES of DEPARTURE.
NOTICE is hereby given, that on and after SUNDAY,
the 23d inst., the First Class Train in the Afternoon
from Liverpool to Manchester, on Sundays, will start from
Lime-street at a QUARTER BEFORE FIVE (as on the
other days of the week) instead of at Fire (as heretofore on
Sundays). And Passengers for PRESTON, WIGAN, and
other Places on the NORTH UNION Line, will he conveyed
by that Train instead of by the Half-past Five Train, as here-
tofore on Sundays. And NORTH UNION Passengers
FROM MANCHESTER will, on and after the above date, be
conveyed by the FIVE O'CLOCK TRAIN on Sundays, as
on other days, instead of by the Half-past Five Train, as
heretofore on Sundays.

And Notice is further given, that on and after•MONDAY.
the 24th instant, the TEN O'CLOCK TRAIN FROM
LIVERPOOL, will start from Lime-xtreet at a QUARTER
BEFORE TEN, but there will be no Alteration in the Ten
o'Clock Train FROM MANCHESTER.

By Order of

THE IR
Railway Office, Liverpool, 12th A.ugust,D 1840ECTORS.

BRISTOL AND EXETER RAILWAY COMPANY.
TOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next HALF-
YEARLY GENERAL MEETING of this Company,
will be held, in pursuance of the Act of Incorporation, at the
MERCHANT'S HALL, in Bristol, On WEDNESDAY, the 2d of
September, at Half-past Twelve o'clock. The Chair will be
taken at One o'clock precisely.

FREDERICK RICKETTS, Chairman.
The Transfer-Books will be closed on SATURDAY, the 22d
of August, and not be reopened until after the said General
Meeting on the 2d of September.
By Clause 137 of the Act of Parliament, no Proprietor
whose Shares are in Arrear, is allowed to Vote at any Meeting
of the Proprietors. J. B. BADHAM, Secretary.
Railway Office, 30, Broad-street, Bristol,
August 12, 1840.

A girl of five years, the daughter of a man named Coree,
was attacked and severely bitten in the leg by a large eel,
while bathing at Barnahard, near Kilrush, on Saturday last.
The child was saved from further injury by a young man who
was raising ;:and near the spot, and who compelled the fish
to retire by inflicting on it a severe blow with his shovel.—
Limerick Chronicle.
There is a laboratory in London, in the Museum of Econo-
mic Geology, attached to the boards of Woody and Forests,
to which any individual may send one pound of any soil of
which he wishes to know what are the ingredients, and for a
small fixed fee obtain an exact analysis of the same, con-
ducted by Mr. Phillips, whose name has long been in the first
rank of the analytical chemists of Europe.
BEAUMONT BARONY.—On Tuesday, in the House of
Lords, shortly before the prorogation, the Lord Chancellor
presented the report from the committee for privileges, setting
forth " That the petitioner, Miles Thomas Stapleton, Esq.,
had made out his claim as one of the co-heirs of the Beau-
mont barony." The report was agreed to, and resolved and
adjudged accordingly ; and the resolution and judgment were
ordered to be laid before her Majesty by the Lords, with
white staves.

INFANT SLAVERY IN ENGLAND.-Mr. Commissioner
Tana'', after detailing the distressing nature of pinmaking,
says, "My inquiries fully corroborated the account of its
being the practice of parents to borrow sums of money on the
credit of their children's labour, and then let them out to
pin-making till it is paid. One woman had let out both her
children for ten months, and another had sold tier's for a
year." What is this but infant slavery ? And what an
epitome does it furnish of the rottenness and injustice of our
social system.—Leeds Infelligencer.
It is not, we believe, generally known why publicans have
the chequers painted on their door-posts. The following an-
ecdote will, however, showit:—The arms of the Earl of
Warren and Surrey were the chequers. This family, being
allied to William the Conqueror, had from him the exclusive
power of granting licenses for selling malt liquor ; and to
enable their agents to collect the consideration money more
readily, the door-posts were painted with their arms, which
practice has been handed down to the present day. This
privilege is said to have been exercised by their descendants,
the Earls of Arundel, as late as the reign of Philip and
Mary.

An application was made some days since to the Marquis
of Normanby for a commutation, or rather remission, of the
sentence on the young gentleman named Medhurst, who is
under sentence of three years' imprisonment for the man-
slaughter of his schoolfellow at Hillingdon. The refusal was
a decided negative on the merits. He has, therefore, some-
what more than a year and a-half of his term of imprison-
ment to serve. He is allowed, however, under proper re-
strictions, to occupy himself in what is called the engineer's
room with a lathe, as he has a strong mechanical turn, and
manufactures toys, such as chessmen, and similar articles.
He seems much subdued in spirit, and conducts himself very
submissively.

HOSPITAL FOR MERCHANT SEAMEN.—The prorogation
of parliament affords us space for the consideration of mat-
ters of perhaps equal importance to many of those discussed
in that assembly. One of the greatest, is a project for found-
ing an institution for the relief of aged or disabled merchant
seamen—a sort of Greenwich Hospital, with the option of
being relieved in their own localities, if they prefer it. This
is a noble idea, and one‘ most loudly called for. Merchant
seamen, the chief promoters of our national wealth, the best
bulwarks of our national power, the sole source of manning
our navy whenever occasion requires, are left in their old age
to die like dogs in ditches, or handed over to the tender mer-
cies of the poor-laws. Really this is a scandal to our govern-
ment and our country. The press-gang, with all its horrors,
was a blessing to many, compared with the present state of
things. A. sailor by being pressed and serving seven or eight
years in the Havy did earn for himself an asylum in his old
age ; but what can he do now ? Where now is the institu-
tion that will receive him when no longer able to work for
his living? We are glad to hear that many members of both
houses of parliament have expressed their intention of sanc-
tioning and supporting this plan, and that it has been dis-
cussed by many of the corporations of maritime towns, the
chief magistrates of which have written to express their ap-
probation of it, including the Lord Mayor of Dublin, the
Mayors of Newcastle, Sunderland, Durham, Southampton,
Chester, Dartmouth, Exeter, Birmingham, Sandwich, Har-
wich, and Gravesend. With such support its success may
be calculated upon, and we cannot help thinking that when
carried into operation it will contribute to more prudent
habits among our seamen, and wean them from the services
of other states, offering them no such advantages. Why not
unite a sailors' savings bank with the other contemplated ob-
jects ?-2lforniny paper.

A device was planned by a Jew, nicknamed Buff, who
was, and possibly is still, a very active agent in illicit tran-
sactions. Some hundreds of tubs were prepared at Boulogne,
their shape and colour being altered and disguised by a coat-
ing of Paris plaster, studded here andthere with gravel, shells,
or sea-weed, so that they resembled lumps of chalk, such as
are found under cliffs upon the coast of Kent. A cargo of
spirits, in tubs of this description, was carried across to Dover
during the night, and dropped upon the sands above low-
water mark, so as to be dry when the tide receded. The boat
then put off to sea and disappeared ; and soon after day-break
one of the smugglers, attired in a carter's gaberdine, with a
long ship upon his shoulder, drove carelessly past the blockade
sentinel, proceeded down across the sands, and leisurely
loaded his cart with what seemed lumps of chalk, intended
for burning into lime ; he then laid a few pieces of real chalk
over the top, drove again past the sentinel into the fields,
where the cart was unloaded in a twinkling, and the operation
repeated, till every cask had been conveyed to a place of
safety. As no boat appeared in this affair, and bat one per-
son attended the cart, there was nothing in the least likely to
attract attention, and to excite the suspicion of the sentinel.
The scheme accordingly succeeded so well that it might have
escaped detection altogether had not the secret been dis-
covered to one of the officers in the Coast Blockade service.
—United Service Journal.
EARLY RISING.—Next to temperance, a quiet conscience,
a cheerful mind, and active habits, I place early rising as a
means of health and happiness. I have hardly words for the
estimate
the ha I formbit of of thwastiat sluggard, male or female, that has
formed the early prime of in bed.
Putting out of the question the positive loss of life,day and that
too of the most inspiring and beautiful part of each day,
when all the voices of nature invite man from his bed ; leav-
ing out of the calculation, that longevity has been almost
invariably attended by early rising ; to me late hours in bed
present an index to character, and an omen of the ultimate
hopes of the person who indulges in this habit. There is no
mark so clear of a tendency to self-indulgence. It denotes
an inert and feeble mind, infirm of purpose, and incapable of
that elastic vigour of will which enables the posessor to
accomplish what his reason ordains. The subject of this
unfortunate habit cannot but have felt self-reproach, and a
purpose to spring from his repose with the freshness of dawn.
If the mere indolent luxury of another hour of languid indul-
gence is allowed to overrule this better purpose, it argues a
general weakness of character, which promises no high
attainment or distinction. These are never awarded by for-
tune to any trait but vigour, promptness, and decision.--
Viewing the habit of late rising, in many of its aspects, it
would seem as if no being that has any claim to rationality,
could be found in the allowed habit of sacrificing a tenth,
and that the freshest portion of life, at the expense of health,
and the curtailing of the remainder, for any pleasure that this
indulgence could confer.—Flint.
THE MOORS.—MORNING OF THE TWELFTH.
dawns—the morning of the twelfth—and " heavily with mists
comes on the day." The occupiers of chairs and.benches are
first on the alert—the landlady is called—breakfak is pie-
pared—the dogs are looked at—all is tumult, noise, and con-
fusion—reckless must he be that can rest loner in bed—
" the coottie moorcocks crousely craw," little fearing that
many a bold mountaineer amongst them must, ere night, be
whistled down with a slug in his wing.
The dram-flasks are filled—the sandwiches cut—same pro-
vision is made for the dogs—the shot-belts are buckled on—
a multitude of other matters are arranged, and orders --' Next is heard the howling and yelping of dogs—the era,_
of whips—the snapping of locks--the charging and flashing,
and firing of guns—and every other note of preparation !'j ht
march is sounded, and away they wend—an emulous band.
each endeavouring to eclipse the other in the number and
size of birds killed. Oa that day there is an universal
scramble for game ; almost every person who carries a gun
then strives to fill his bird-bag, to the exclusion of every
other object—regardless for a while of companionship, or
of the " savage grandeur" of the scene before him, and indif-
ferent whether an undeviating level bound his view, or whether
Lakes and mountains around him gleam misty and' wide.
It is not until after-days of leisure,. and when a series of
trivial adventures, or recollections of past doings, have made
several sites classical, if we may be allowed the term, that
the stranger-sportsman becomes enamoured of the wilds, and
shares the feelings of the native hillsnaan, who bears the same
love to his mountain•home and mountain-sports. as the
Switzer does to his.—Ths Rod and 1,4 e Gun, by Wilson and
Oakleigli:

-11orning
