COVENTRY ELECTION.

Sir 0. MOSLEY reported from the Coventry election com-
mittee, that Edward Ellice, Esq., and H. Lytton Bulwer, Esq.,
were duly elected members to serve for that city, and that
neither the petition nog the opposition to it was frivolous or
vexatious.

Sir 0. MOSLEY said that he was directed by the committee
to report to the house, that during the late election riotous and
tumultuous proceedings had taken place, in which many persons
were assaulted and wounded ; that the sheriffs had erected only
one booth, which was divided into 10 compartments, instead of
having several booths in different convenient places; and that
to the want of sufficient accommodation much of the riots and
tumults might be attributed ; that the magistrates of Coventry
had exclusive jurisdiction in that city and the county of the city ;
that no adequate protection had been afforded to the persons
who attended to vote ; and that the conduct of the sheriffs was
highly culpable in not having takcp such measures as were
necessary to secure tranquillity and good ordeF. The hon.
baronet then moved that the evidence taken before the com-
mittee be laid before the house.—Ordered.

Mr..S. RICE moved that the Speaker do issue his warrant to
the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new writ for a burgess to
serve in Parliament for the city and county of the city of,
Coventry, in room of the Right Honourable Edward Ellice,
who, since his election, had accepted the office of Secretary at
War.—Ordered.

Mr. COBBETT postponed his motion (relating to stamps and
auction duties) to some day after the recess, in consequence of
the absence of the noble lord the Chancellor of the Exchequer.

ADJOURNMENT OF THE HQUSE.

Mr. S. RICE regretted that his noble fiiend (Lord Althorp)
was still prevented by illness from "attending in his place to
move the adjournment, as he had given notice ; but as it was
a motion which, he presumed, required nothing to be said to
recommend it to the house, he would now move " that the
house at its rising do adjourn to Monday, the 15th of April."
Ordered.

The SOLICITOR-GENERAL moved that. all committees have
leave to sit notwithstanding any adjournment of the house.—
Ordered.

The other orders of the day were thee disposed of; after
which the house was occupied in receiving some petitions for
the bettor observance of the Sabbath, against slavery, and
against the beer-shops.
The house adjourned at 6 o'clock to Monday, April 15.

reczczzoax

KINGDOM OF WUItTEMBERG.

ROYAL MANIFESTO CONCERNING THE DISSOLUTION OF THE

STATES.

William, by the Grace of God, King of Wurtemberg.
We expressed in our speech from the throne at the beginning
of this year, on opening the session of the States, the sentiments
and intentions by which we ,were animated. Kindly disposed
towards our-loyal people, to which we are united by the tie. of
well proved love and devotedness, we had prepared for the ses-
sion of the States a series of measures destined to accomplish
Ulteriorly the plans we have adopted to favour more completely
the prosperity of the country. We had especially the solacing
prospect of being able to prepare an improvement in the con-
dition of the manufacturing classes of society, certain ancient
taxes, without infringing on acquired rights, and by extending
commercial relations; we
.are also desirous of reducing taxes,
and especially the price of-salt and the fees of notaries, in order
to relieve our subjects. The realization of these intentions, for
the accomplishment of which we relied on the assistance of the
States, met with, ,from .the very opening of the. Diet in the
Chamber of Deputies, the opposition of party which announ-
ced a tendency hostile to all the,good which had been anteriorly
-effected. This party' rejecting the authority awl the advantages
of experience, instead of directing the activity of the state to
things useful to the country, has principally` directed it to enter-
prizes hostile to the state, and has thus caused the Chamber of
Deputies to lose precious time in idle deliberation. We never-
theless hoped that the good dispositions of the majority of the
Chamber would succeed in partly removing the obstacles which
thus impeded every useful action ; butlouthope was disappoint-
ed when we beheld an influence dangerous for the tranquillity
of the country .daily taking a more marked ascendancy. In
the discussions on the •address in answer to the speech' from
the throne, attempts were made to sow seeds of discord. A
short time after a motion was presented to the Chamber, in
which the resolutions of the Germanic Diet 'of the 28th of
June, 1532, were. considered as having given a mortal wound
to the German constitution, and: as 'having -seriously infringed
on the principles of the constitution of our kingdom. The.
resolutions of the Germanic Diet then became the object
of propositions contrary•to our dignity, and to that of.the Ger-
manic Confederation. The Chamherneiving•deereed thaprint-.
ing.of this motion, notwithstanding its disorganising tendency, •
we judgedit to be our duty to draw the Chamber's attention to
the false and dangerous;pathin hieisit-was being:led, and we'
were•so much the moraimpellectso to do as we were aware that
the abovementioned motion was connected with rooraextensive
places. The.rescript, which we addressed in consequence to
the Chamber, and m which we expressed our hope that the mo-
tion would be rejected with-all the
indignation
it deserved, be-
came an arus,whiCh was employed to effect a complete schism
between the Chamber and government, as well as the confede-
ration. The party above alluded to, having 'represented our
rescript as containing an infringement on the regular march of
the Chamber, succeeded in getting adopted by a majority of
votes .anaddress, in which the Chamber , positively declared to
us, without•waiting for the examination of the :principal ques-
tion, that it could riot answer our expectation. Such a declara-
tion, joined to alt that had-been done in the same spirit since
the opening, of the Diet, necessarily convinced its.:that the deli-
berations of the chamber could notiurnish the results we con-
sidered necessary for the welfare of the country and the safety
of a.regular government, a.nchwithoutwhich it,was impossible
for reciprocal confidence to exist between the government and
the states. Consequently, having,maturely weighed cur, duties,
as a sovereign, we have resolved to dissolve the present assem;
bly according ,to the right given us by the .constitution, and .to
issue outwrits fora fresh erection. •

We now place-the fate of the ensuing diet in the bands of the
electors; we actithus with the most enure confidence in a peo-
ple whiche duriuga-,relgir,of ,17 years, has given us in divers
circumstances proofs of its'fidelity and:devotedness, and which
has acknowledged that all our ipaternal efforts tended to its
prosperity. NI, e,,appeal to the•electors in respect to the consti-
t.utit.
i)oenc,ituo I
thev.h inipov
icll-w;itelas ,ieh,
ettileglhnrylof our reign consist, auu,in
les•
thanks to that constitution,
we have been able, with the assistance of our faithful states, to„
introduce into the country. Filially, we appeal. to the electors,
because We are conscious that the • welfare of the country has
'Been unr sole director, and because we believe that it will be 'a
:means of puuing.promptly- au end to the complications which
threaten to impede the progress of public prosperity. The wel-
' fare of our country requires the preservation' of useful institu-
tions and improvements according to that basis; • but to attain
that result, it is requisite that harmony should subsist between
the government and the states. May all those who are called to
co-operate in the'fresh election of deputies take these observa-
tions into consideration. Let every one weigh theresponsi-
bility he is about' to assume' towards the country, so that the
approaching elections may give none but • worthy men, having
the welfare of their country at heart, possessing the impartiality
and moderation necessary for deliberation; and who are alike.
uevbted to t.l4e King and- to the constitution.
(Signed) WILLIAM.
The Secretary Of State, WELLNAGE.
-Given at Stuttgard, March 29, 1e33.
MANIFI,STO of PRINCE WILLIAM, CO-REGENT OF ELECTORAL

HESSE, RESPECTING THE DISSO1.1:110/4 OF TILE STATES.
When on the moment of opening the :States we stated our
firm intention of conscientiously executing' the prescriptions of
the cunbtitution, we little imagined that we should be obliged to
make use of that intention against the assembly of the states

THE S
Au Act to modify tly
acts imposing duti,
Be it enacted, &c.
comber, 1833, in all I
imports by the act of
act to alter and acne;
ports," or by any otl
the value thereof, ont
ducted; from and afte
tenth part thereof stp
day of December, 183:
ducted; from and aft
ther tenth part there,
the 31st day of Decei
excess shall be dedu(
June, 1842, the other

Soc. 2. And be it
cond section of the a,
rate of duty on all mi
of plains, kerseys, or
material, the value w
yard, at five per cent'
hereby repeated. AI
same duty of fifty pet
section for other int
liable. lo .the . same de,
tion of this act.

Sec. 3. And be
day of June, one th
duues imposed by ex;
remain and continue
day last aforesaid, all
ready money; and al
men; of duties, shall
duties shall be laid foi
may be necessary to
verument; and from
requiredlo be paid I
shall be assessed up:
same shall be enterer
scribed by law.

Sec. 4. And be it
articles now exemptel
thoUsand eight hund:
from the payment of
and after the thirty-ti
hundred and thirty-t}
one thousand eight J
ted to entry, free fro
linens, table linen,
worsted stuff goods, s,
worsted, mauufactur
pouent material of
Cape of Good Hope,
sec. 5. And be it
said thirtieth day of
forty-two, the followi
from duty, to Wit : in
grindstones, refined
sheets, gum arabic, g
nuts anu berries used
aloes, ambergris, buy
coriander seed, cats
lantherns, ox horns
ivory, juniper berries,
manufactured rattan:
vegetables used princ
and all articles emplt
peras, bichromate of
potash, and nitrate,ol
all imposts on which
and all articles now a,
a less rate of duty tin
the said 30th day of J
be admitted to.entry,,
per centum ad value:

- Sec. 6. And be it
of the 14th day of Jul
sistent with tins act,
Provided, That nothi
as to Prevent the pas;
day or June, 1842, of
may be necessary to ;
duties on imports im:
any act prior to the ;
either of excess or d,
duties on articles whi
July, 16.32, are subje;
turn ad valorem, in si
so as to adjust the re'

INAUGURAL AD.
UNITED
FELLOW CITIZENS,—'
through their unsellcite.
the solemnities preparat,
silent of the• United St.
of my public conduct
its difficulties, and for
my good intentions, 1 a]
of my gratitude. It sb
abilities, in continued
presdriestheirliberty and promote tl
So many events have occurred we
have necessarily called forth, sometiv
delicate and painful, my views of
ought to be pursued.hy the General
occasion, but alludeloa few leading
some of them.

The foreign policy adopted by our
tion of our present .Constitution, an
cessive administrations, has been cr'
Less, and has elevated our character
do justice to all, and submit to-wrong from Tio"-110,..0Y1,ut
my administration, its governing maxim ; and so 11,001.
sults, that we are not only at peace with all the rtas'
causes of controversy, and those of minor imPto fl
unadjusted. her" dnd 1116
In the domestic policy of thit government, t,.„F
which especially deserve.the attention of the to "0 oi"
sentatives, and which have been., and will continuersie
.of soy. increasing solicitude. They are, the Prc'' ~0 oo}o ti
of the States, and, the integrity of the Union, and C'",
These great. bjects are necessarily connected, of 0,00 0i
tanned ley an enlightened exercise of the powq,'oitle°
appropriate sphere; in conformity with the publ!.,,ii to, Yeo3f,
expressed. To this end, it becomes the duty..olionil_ tho),el
ami- patriotic sub Mission to the laws constit,u,,,o oLoi,l
thereny promote and strengthen a prop conllo`ca, 01
tions of the several States and of the United St'"- eat, OOOO „ID,
. themselves have ordained for their own goverrireiserr? to,oo
My experience in public concerns, and the „,o, no
_.0,04
F somewhat advanced, confirms the opinions long sr":be s;
that the destruction of our State governments o w. 5..,
their --controul over the local concerns of the Prcpy:.:etiet:;
reedy to revolution and _anarchy, and finally ass the, 7,00
tary domination. In propnrtion, therefore,s, in the lity toed,
ment encroaches upon the rights of the Sta."
from it, ainthe,eof
does it impair its own power and detract,rewithervigely
purposes of its creation. Solemnly iinf sst,
ready
tutional powers in arresting
the rights of the States, 0
rectly encroach upon
tions,lmy countrymen willstin
ge vmerefiaVurTse tn°l37o,l4i_retcate,

-...-. .-...v. 11,1.4.11 "..
• ... .. - - .
S-C%‘4l
Si
\ ..h•
\ ' .
. -
Cide
itsAf, and for this reason we consider it to bets dutYci toil
faithful subjects to explain the niotiaes which detide t'litisat
solve the states. , , ill ,'issg,,
Ilerefollows the List:irk:Ll account Of everythTp 1 Qi'(lllty
taken place since the elections to the opening of,' ti- V.,, lens
well as the account of the difficulties which had arlsftee otP•„l-
the government and the states relative to the achnis- 0 , '.• it the
lie functionkries as deputies. The manifesto then c..°0,10 ' '444
observes that while the assembly of the states desP':',,,e, ?tst b(
constitutional relations with government, it heldFr,'re2' s.:t! of a
ings, of which the commissaries of government 1c ?r ' st or t
formed, and that even after a protest from these 0,00 ~,ihrt:
nued to meet privately, and to give to its permanent tel , be
instructions which ought to have been given to the 4er 7,larrios,
without paying attention that by this method it es': tbe 'l3' te4tx
spection of the sovereign, which no society 1 ed to N.
1',,1,.fl s(
has a right to withdraw. Such acts have convihcci seboith
harmony was impossible between the assembly and glcer . l'o
and so much the more so on account of our no 10,vo is „tak4,4oeui
able to reckon the majority, since it not only acted des'` 4(st,'llt"l, est,
tion to the constitutional rights of government, but c of tistXion
to disappoint the expectation of the country. This • 9 ' trtl,ctea
five for dissolving this assembly. We regret ea:o'7, tiil lisstier9.
faithful subjects that the hopes they had attached t ,tj Isde .4.
e iiij - els'
tinuation have been deceived. Government has don 0 .oustertte
to remove the obstacles which impeded the constitun° 101 ,, 1.,
of affairs. We shall respect the rights of the states,dl ' 17;- l
never allow our authorities to attack them, but we.ssii ~°4ex,tr.e
suffer an encroachment to be made on our constitutireo ,'s(t•Zsioi
and we will maintain the dignity of our govera,o,lo, ,lilify tuilT
greatest desire is to make our faithful subjectsrenjo) „'t •,;,,:pti4
promised them by the constitution; but to attain th°,,ce ,'st't.te e
is necessary that harmony should subsist between gyetal, isdlon,
and the states, and we have issued writs for afresh c,,le.esfi b11,4,.1.1.
exhort our faithful subjects to elect deputies who sc"..!sl,' A'• those
general confidence they will inspire the spirit of 6 A .L:ity a,
necessary to effect the welfare of the country. foil' . ° illsr,
(Signed) FREDERICK AY.,' '1(,,",(1
HASSENPFLUy• • the
I tbig rot
Given at Cassel, March 25, 1833. Ist7,4e o
is' Ity
. _
), a. s
AMERICAN PAPERS. ~,s,to t,ll
,nl,ll
THE SENATE'S TARIFF BILL ~,a1 i'cliso4 r,riar
Au Act to modify the act of the 14th of Ju1y,1832, °" ',:yitti
acts imposing duties on imports.
31st p' 40s(
Be it enacted, &c. That, from and after the 31s, o ~4'ehm,
comber, 1833, iu all cases where duties are tied'imposed ,1111.1,1 z
imports by the act of the 14th day of July, IKi2, eli ti‘s ' 1 "e lii
act to alter and amend the several acts imosing eticeolli' 11 i
ports," or by any other act, shall exceed twenty PIO , •
the value thereof, one tenth part of such excess b,15,
ducted; from and after the 31st day of December, 1,,,,c1-'tVi 111
tenth part thereof shall be deducted; from and after t folio.,
day of December, 1637, another tenth part thereof IR i,j,,1415t..b
ducted; from and after the 31st day of December, A 'o,,,dy
ther tenth part thereof shall be deducted; and freSie°ly itToe to
the 31st day of December, 1841, one-half of the rest 1•11"':--.
excess shall be deducted ; and from and after the, A, ,i' read(
June, 1842, the other half thereof shall be deduct of "',, ;I:Y of ti
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That so unicfoo I'o tha
cond section of the act of the 14th of July aforesaie„.tt th,,' Bio
rate of duty on all milled and fulled cloths, knowd iiiiiPl4 , ' '' bi,,
of plains, kerseys, or Kendal cottons, of which we° 4.4 ,48, has'
material, the value whereof does not exceed 35 cehtite 0; 4, 3 the i
yard, at five per centum ad valoruns, shall be, and hiect 4 '4,4 the
hereby repeated. And the said articles shall te st'"Ai(l, 4of •
be s ' No 1
same duty of fifty per centum, as is provided by t-:, ti , ,4; ',, te thi;
section for other manufactures of wool; which 'V '414 of ,
liable tithe same deductions as are prescribed by ;9 fs
tion of this act. the , ,tiktp S is°
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, that, until,. tyx • .1, 13 ft,
day. of June, one thousand eight hundred and I'r }ark aSti ,i / sloe
duties imposed by existing laws, as modified by tact Aii , „,11,4 Si
remain and continue to be collected. And from a' 010`. ' k,4IC 1
day last aforesaid, all duties upon imports shall be 'it, ill ' icttitip,
ready money; and all credits now allowed by latct. ofi 1,5,t4) is
men; of duties, shall be, and hereby are abolished 'oo,ht ,11 hao,
duties shall be laid fur the purpose of raising sue!' of 'l', 'atof St
may be necessary to an economical administrati°l:ll, the 4),Y ail
verument; and from and after the day last aforesaloaco tv, all i
required‘to be paid by law on goods, wares, and
..t sil/ ilv,,,aet i
shall be assessed upon the value thereof at the I,°` of y " are,
seine shall be entered, under such regulations a 5 ati 6t:110
scribed by law. ,A;tios,,,fa kiss a
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That in acrof ri' 'vtst't` lin'
articles now exempted by the act of the fourteent"aii°,p' ,lei
thoUsand eight hundred and thirty-two, and the tpotio tti,',y,
from the payment of duties, the following articles ''''',oo( J 'isy e lir
and after the thirty-first day of December, one thccig °,,! t'etol,44l
hundred and thirty-three, and until the thirtieth Do bele tlle ,:gell
one thousand eight hundred and forty-two, shall a„ ga.,,f, potilsle
ted to entry, free from duty, to wit : bleached ill'"01)9 'l'44:,rs
linens, table linen, linen napkins, and linen e„ag oftio h„*tl for worsted stuff goods, shawls, and other manufactOrtise'S -1144,(),r ,
worsted, manufactures of silk, or of which silk shall 50 .4; ,Th, i'
pouent material of chief value, coining from t"''' fir ,72e, aid
, it A • aua
Cape of Good Hope, except sewing silk.- AO oil'. IPatio
bee. 5. And be it further enacted, That from jo to , ten .
said thirtieth day ot,lune, one thousand eight, to e:111 !!:It oiV
forty-two, the following' articles shall be adinitted,,o'ss Ma „ i
from duty, to wit : indigo, quicksilver, sulphur, ct.; plate' ~tlilt°oltl._
grindstones, refined borax, emery, opium, titt 'lOO,O , ;1 it; tin
sheets, gum ambit:, gum senegal, lac dye, maddcr'on°l:oo %int:
nuts anu berries used in dying, saffron, turmeric( ‘ooi
°los'' NI. 0
aloes, ambergris, burgundy pitch, cochineal, eatt,rol,o6l' 5111
coriander seed, catsup, chalk, coculus indicusy.-0101'se°.
lantlierust ox horns and tips, India-rubber, Ili:two:l3V'
ivory, juniper berries, musk, nuts of all kinds, oil °,,, Intl, r
manufactured rattans and reeds, tortoiseshell, qv's (i)",; , l't,tl t't
vegetables used principally in dying and corre",,,ff „10f tsotdttilt
and all articles employed chiefly for dyeing, 0c,,_"c1ic,7,) 4itt; the
peras, bichromate of potash, prussiate of potasle ac' / tt,t.,ftlitt,
potash, and nitrate,of lead, aqua-fortis, and tartar istsi,;(//j t7ost°llll
all imposts on which the first section of this acctasy(, 0, t If
and all articles now admitted to entry free from ~forva,9l s
a less rate of duty than twenty per centum ad that gt } 'l'eil &eti
the said 30th day of June, 1842, from and after oeili° r ,k ,s4sit
be admitted to.entry, subject to such duty, not Obsla''ol-1, NeVesi
per centum ad valorem, as shall be provided for ilipli 000 9144)1 l
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That so tilt: asp , Nit of
of the 14th (lay of July, 1832, or of any other °cob,: 'cof!;• Itttl,tlß
sistent with this act, shall be, and the, same is Ilse $o 00, 0,, 0 k
Provided, That nothing herein contained shail', tllctso°,;l°ll tlilittltld
as to prevent the passae prior or subsequent 'l-, to., sib lii,,‘‘iaer
day of June, 1842, of any act or acts from t,i'",-04' Kt, yt"'s
may be necessary to detect, prevent, or punish --t the oiNs retry
duties on imports imposed by law, nor to prevecto ripe IP' ti Pt%
any act prior to the 3Uth day of June, 1842, in vg ti,lo, I.') Olt 4kl
either of excess or deficiency of revenue, o.lo' the „i eAr it!4 ss4
duties on articles which, by the aforesaid act 0,.10 'Pt,/ i 4 teih"L'el
July, 1632, are subject to a less rate of duty o,:a Pi, lllO t
tuns ad valorem, in such manner as not to exec",ooo ,ta' ik "Jr
so as to adjust the revenue to either of the said ' jog ..N 'lai
a It'
,s /I 4finttatcri 11
INAUGURAL ADDRESS OF THE PRIs
.1 , Ai, Nth- s,
UNITED S TATE S.--I‘l Aim if .11.11,„,,,,t AI o,i the of
Feur.ow eITIZENB,-The will- of the America,' !•,,ut:;,,, fetr %I.' lie
through their unsolicited suffrages calls me berOrei 0
~ di:, ,1!„.,: eq.l4 0
the solemnities preparatory to taking upon mYsell to ci be ,1 filltilr,, '
sident of the•Uniteu States for another term. For ,mot ,p de-, 4,-. tt
iottS my l
difficulties,
mblie
my good intentions, lamat a loss for terms adequiteat.l:l,o 0,,f
_ex,
of my gratitude. It shall be displayed, to the clo 000- , ' rti b4'
acnonddfuocrtulthisrroeuugehv,aeidieer,loptrlessis,hioinell(l4:7,,,,,,foeisor,,,,,
,i4l).,.sstiedra
abilities, in continued efforts, so to administer the cep:,sc,, ~ ()111, , ,
presdriestbeirliberty and promote their happiner peripcf,'ey '` , •5t,,,,r
So many events have occurred within the 1a5_0007 red e' iltlie ;(1,
have necessarily called fort sometimes under ,a i or,"
.Qtti,, op
delicate and painful, my views of the princiPle'tbst 00' ' 1,4 Itcd
ought to be pursued.by the General Government, ~ c 4,d At, 44.0
occasion, but allude•to A few leading consideraW°
oster'i,a))l, Id:oloti
some of them. t o°PptiPleco iv" (a
The foreign policy adopted by our Government
,t so'esa ,• ey
tion of our present .Constitution, and very gyn ai,D0',.011,..„,
~ tst , 4
cessive administrations, has been crowned with_tioosn i 5.::,,,, ; - thisth
Bess, and has elevated our ebaro.eteramol!g the„fni,
.1.1,50T,170 4(l,

4,e
;I Ow
, 1

in the General Government. But of equal, and in-
of all
itnportance, is the Union of these States, and the
to contribute to its Preservation by a liberal support_o
ieral Government in the exercise of its just powers. You
the admonished to " accustom yourselves to think and Liu!. Union as Of the palladium of your political safety and
watching for its preservation with jealous anxiety, dis-
whatever may suggest even a suspicion that it can ha
anabandoned, and indignantly frowning upon the first
abandoned,
attempt 'to alienate tiny portion of our country from
1
r.LO Linfeeble the sacred ties which now link together the
43.' Without union our independence and liberty would
been achieved ; without union they can never be main-
. ded in twenty-four or even a smaller number of separ-
teruties, we shall see our internal trade burdened with num-
etratOls and exactions ; communication between distant
Ito obstructed or cut off; our sons made soldiers to
it
blood the fields they now till in peace ; the mass of our
down and impoverished by taxes to,sypport armies.and
pr military leaders at the head of their victorious legions
law.givers and judges-. The loss of liberty, of all good
PeaCe, plenty and happiness, must inevitably follow
of the Union. In supporting it, therefore. we support
ar to the freeman and the philanthropist: at which I stand before you is full 01 interest. The eyes
's. are fixed on our republic. The event of the existing crisis
'iL.s.lce in the opinion of mankind of the practicability of our
'Jr' of government. Great is the stake placed in our hands ;
Isponsibility which must rest upon the peo_ple of the Uni-
,'t us realize the importance of the attitude in which we
atetne orld. Let us exercise forbearance and firmness.—
our country from the dangers which surround it, and
from the lessons they inculcate.
'essed with the truth of these observations, and under
of that solemn Oath which I am about to take, I shall
exert an my faculties to maintain the just powers of the
tja.. to transmit unimpaired to posterity the blessings oef
ei i'lLert• At the same tune it will be my aim to inetucat pee
acts the necessity of exercising, by the general govern-
powers oaly which are clearly dele,gated ; to encourage
aria
.inoney from the
441.1: aeon Daly
in the expenditures of the government ; to
people than may be requisite for these
the lo a manner that will best promote the interests of all
ti`n°deneottY, and of all portions of the Union. Constantly
....Aa.t, in entering into society, " individuals must give
,Lulb.erty to preserve the rest," it will be my desire
tie
f_Phil ties
.as to foster, with our brethren in all parts of tie
(_Riorxt of liberal concession and compromise ; and, by reeon-
„" w-citizens to those partial sacrifices which they must
tiT:poke, for the preservation of a greater good, to recom-
e Alahle.Government and 'Union to the confidence and af-
raericaa people.
most fervent prayer, to that Almighty Being before
Lbi_taudthed who has kept us in his hands from the infancy
lue to present day, that he will so overrule. all my actions, and inspire the hearts of my fellow eitirens, that
from dangers of all kinds, and continue for ever
APPY PEOPLE.

SPECIMENS OF THE BATHOS.
)now._in (From. the Amertccp Papers.)
g article from the ffcph T l graph of Mon-
pPeared in deep mourning2,ngwtaosni.netreod.uctory to the
to la," which General Greene publishes. in full.—lt is
- which We allude in our leading article as a fire-

`ender
01.hwill ask why our paper is in mourning ? This is
thate flatiguration of Andrew Jackson, and some may
since
;
,s on that account. But no, that is not the
ce our last publication, the bill known by the name
hag ebtlY bill," and which' we this day lay before our
lie "mile a law. A law which, we solemnly believe
2 tise knell of the Constitution, unless the people be roused
iteeenritY. We consider the act as more fatal on.
(1,,s 8. PaSSage, under circumstances calculated to en-
oulula.lse security; because its enactment, at the very
fronte n'ilastmeut of the tariff, when the public mind,
isll the painful anxiety caused by that distracting
°lciug forward to- a long period of peace and har-
sleer'night with double danger—for the bill itself must
andr a time, without bringing into action its tre-
Mind is t
espotic Power. It is at this fatalmoment—when
hus drawn off and relieved from the past,
islrilk no future dancrer—that this act—this fatal pre- on our statute book, as a perpetual and
,tatittatehonuui:inetns.t,,, declaring—" Here lies the mortal re-
Yes, they once were the pride of our
e security of our liberty ; but they have gone the
4ct
is Tht
fit!atlis for this we mourn.
At parties
regarded If
result of long and deep conflict between
our coauntry between the Republican
; b. betoit as a compact, funned
411 n binding ween them; and which, while it de-
ite4{,ertailt powers, to be exercised through the general
th:s their joint agent, reserved to each state, re-
' Prot, great residuary mass of powers, under the re-
am a ht-tjoin of the states, as a security for their local
sr,-1,,e1 against the encroachments of the general
'cll.. the federal party, who took an opposite view
lath
Practical effect of which was to consolidate
we Central overnment, to be exercised by the
will of The
g
iat: ever. majon-y. test has, we fear,
sladev,idt that
otT n u fconsolidation has risen tri
t confederationiocolies low and lifeless in the
an.A tb1:11)-'„„wefear, will sink for ever the liberty, the
3118 nia',lrity of the country. God grant that these
siaolll°ss Ortlin,et be realized- but realized they will be
the --;fiuetty h e certain fetters of despotism,
o-w,e of cn-w,ePtioiTt fosthe constitution, acknowledged
14 0
deetui
bei.ise of
i'-videnee ust befall us • unless, indeed, a
tirtte fibouid °n, m, _
It to to toe open tne eyes of the icople, and a. waken
r we
their danger ; for their siunine ,
°.
Itild -e broken b y mortal voice—their lethargy
"ercome by the touch of mortal hand.

REkAIiIiABLE SUICIDE.
(Prolai ,
,v the B. oston (American) Daily Advertiser.)
,11jst141.°111111g, about 8 o'clock, soon after the lad had
,I%too ~°le of he ‘lamuel chamber ad Son, No.. 142,_
)11 13-cttearte, he found'in 'the first the bodies of
' ',lisp &al'? aged 23, and Miss Mary Bradlee,
.aged
~i, pi,,,,„._ , ,d SI an 11'
ell
--
u 7 ' 'lk h• dkerchief from a rope whic.h
IN geg 4 scale-beam. The bodies were cold, their
,!,4,1 their faces and lips in contact. They had
4ilis-.. ether, one upon-two steps, the other upon a
tie is,l4 ebair. Mr. Carter and Miss Bradlee xyereen7
4,l'thei,l.ll'°,l to each other, with the approbation and
Nt-t 'their several parents.
ehrXllll,ll4l4 orls3l Mr. Carter, who had long kept in
1-;.4 Nls'",pradlee, went to Naw Orleans to do businessn
li:Nrt.,,sadlee having the misfortune to lose his so,
'''l4(,'„et, wroteto Mr. Carter, as his son-in-law,future.
Otirh, to rets were not vey good, he would like to have_
ar_
al4 1a5t°:41.,(83; and assist~ him in his business. Mjr.ac_ee
N 4141. buntumn, and entered the storl3roatdMeer. B dl
killt:.oll4s stoerilrtig the presetnt w ._ I proposed
(,111N11,. ett k..., to Mr. Car er,hlun:enrolertinite arrangement
Vavirt,(iiluatCeLBceen them, owing to their not precisely :
qiCalm the
,Lerins, although no unkind words or feelings
e,,,1, t qansaction.
illttatl 11011,44:harked to Mr. Bradlee about this time, that
te4iti 42•4 s t age the stock he would be married and go to
, the:l of rlLbast()li.vorninence business. Mr. Bradlee remon-
-444 .-11, dal, 18 doing so, in consequence of the feeble.
t'"l'ltl It'il, ICI at I,llter, and expressed the aversion that any
y
t'•4los .1411"1,a,ying s daughter reside so far from hou e,
It' as ,1°44,,-"o3' climate, but no interruption of the kindest:
''''4l4s44mbia ii,..,,c'aell othrwas excited. At this time, also,
ht a e 14% aqua
meld the father of Mr. Carter. that they
,iillnii4,ll:'etTlslZl.,44,lll4ll.,tiiids, and going to New Orleans,. when the
VI., tter,
~. ta . , approbation of so doing until his son
th 4ro, - -ott
.1,!1 business there. .
hh. I.°o °f \\ll.°`,t by them. two in Miss Bradlee's dress-
ed'itt 111 Itb4t last was written by herself, and two w
kl throw h
„,the eotic,heit bodies were found. These letters were
'itir-,.-Y,b,gth-:r's jury, but contained nothing which_.
illt (tait4-i 19,th bt "ll,lnjth transaction, except that the fact
1' -8 d oth e
a3* th' 14 Pet] th , and deliberately .
\ill t: slight
' ease could not justify their so doing )
l'
-1.1118')Iik thereac toot eir parents, but bade theip
el
e eof affeonate children upon their

illelays _ L
41,1 dztated till p„'-----
e llouse of Representatives,
)b,lo'elshe B°l:latent' bY a sveodtethof 96 to 40. It was thou sent
rt (4 Thi,'l3al4l the amendment concurred. in,—Yeas
k°olt ,IlePteso‘ ill h
ti has ben vetoed by the President. The.
'e4,(llt°l(;-:NlizietaiYhrotao-rvilisn:.id not adjourn site die until five
tt.1311 taat''4at Waßsilsr.---A correspondent of the PennsylYa-
d bade his airie.,lgton, 011,1-V doc,sday last, says :-111r. Ran-
,,Ntjbat.a'.. claile° in the Hotse to-day. He was sup-
'*il,,?"'un the gent
to one of the sofas on the
l''tha4r".es:l.4°':(l arol'uzi4,ikke.t's chair.il He. sat there 'for some
lace.—
;y
bait w, 0 ni blue „.",,Ira azing- at his odd appeara ,➢Zhu ti,"'s °%n bed 13.--0,i.."". a drab greatcoat and drab gloves.
ik'f°lllls.s7.sawct°wd that—'' attend his eyes flashed fire occasion-_
111 reel, I._ ont op ancf:,hered roud about him. Many.eof
t; tern; Ll-4' Enloe th.,, shook h. by the hand. He talk 4
,I'l/21111''Pser'svolaiiieilittiliq. nost"lFelprnseersoiilaimn.ear made a few poh-
" Sir," said the
11,te4t° know whilog on te a
,tt t: eed a slop that —e sofa with him, " I would.give
1.? , Person is-1 would insult him,"
11:1„.nte he ~,. Le-,--,,anuot h 1 • ,. . .1 . Aftor
t ,Pukereh. stretched h• ? himself toter smiles. _
t 1 the }ilef half over 1111°'3.,, f at length on the sofa---spread
o4se adjoo:roamice, and continued inahatprosi-
ed, that posi-

OY'O
°col'
e
ie
•tIY

iLheal power in i
rlealtulable inn
of all to ec
genebiz,eral Govet
0f th.velsVnTiaothin
• t 3, watehin"!
o ,s't•4l,T,tg whaa
, e abando
klra'r?-laY atten
! Bar g°„
7 been doh
it it) Naaarivitled in
h
tegraiens' we
4131,seetiotsnsanoi
twolta blood the
; l' .
and down an
,!4(.1 milital ry
!taloi;ry
ilr
Ll4tio4 °f Peac
cle:f the t
6rnN,oh!tie at
la"
are tithe
I
101 ef gore
tes. Itp_onsibi
ikt fore 408 re;
i'ltOicate otiwreit
IblYi tho
4attci,ontofsetlii:t
Ltiltionexerl all
vrtlekat tjaillou to t
i
piLthOe„i4l aeitraLth:,
,y 0 Wera
4o 4 e
moreCollo/C
Awl:le
•' pith- nil' a mar
io
t4te
'fly dutieerstYa
of
iiiY4Make,
c't tla. A" hie
" Amer
i,
' ' t ism
tt eow gt Ydnu
'Nel:4llcat4o the
aetions •
pl; Vlllit
M, It SPEC
It fon ( j
*hit ari
'd qPeare
at 44
which
oi ll,?eader will a
114 t°tithe inan
!).at it i;1
1)1 -%° our 1
"8 I°°dY
bil
Or I beconi,
fade knell of
if 1
f 4itsecurit
offs
Passz
7 ':4lt dee th s
fro'le
ackjr
• 41 the
'.4Y, ie,
s "I°okin
41' 81:e raught
P for a
desp,
anti mind is
,d 4 FlPating.
hl,lctitt,s,,inscribE
°f glanlc`nuil
i¢', ut? kiatt7,
Ric
;00 44;11 livine se
ttt 5-et is the fi
4reat part)
it/ 4tatt° regard
alld bin
(4.44:Portant
tett tlt,
sip
itiveo 1l) the i;
47, 44Pteetiol
ttlettittei:, shieh
iii
petSstera
''res,!e.rt
• '‘,4kioe,.l the
Vef kpl,' for e"
„var.
and , tho
a with i
• t,
rA t 'PatienQ e Pri
,t 1; Ma,
loss
eolla at the
Prove °f co
)(1) 1:1114i(letlee
(Os ta"te to a
iOe; t4(1151.? (I,eep
f,O hq to
t
Yr
fro'
k rera
0141.4t1Y
ikosh. /our]
454,4,10:t0re
tt, t i(11 ii7tret
kerf), 811,
0/ tidy NPell(]
,„,
Ntq'ti s
t4=,
de I,N re nf hot
otof t4141,11(lIcilt.
ufj Olt r r•
io 41s• rt tiei
reNr,,Prelpe
tcts 11;
tclitt '(1
last
':llotil3'
ott'4fr kj4t:tlrtethllis fitui
(~11 I'4 u
.00 it\lvrt.,P°4
