BRANDY AND SALT.

We copy the following letter on the efficacy of " Brandy
and Salt" as a family remedy for all diseases, from a late
number of the Leeds Intelliyencer ; the editor of which paper
observes, that " Mr. Lee writes enthusiastically, but it is
because his experience warrants him in assuming a confident
tone."
ADDRESS TO THE PEOPLE OF THE BRITISH EMPIRE IN
GENERAL, BUT PARTICULARLY TO THOSE PROFESSIONAL
1 GENTLEMEN WHO HAVE THE CARE OF HOSPITALS, THE
GOVERNORS OF COLONIES, AND RELIGIOUS MISSIONA-
RIES.
Perhaps an humble individual like the one who writes this
address will be thought presumptuous in laying it before the
inhabitants of this great empire, but as he has no interest of
his own to serve, and he has some years ago made a discovery
which, though very simple, is very useful for the health of
man, and, therefore, the most conducive to his happiness :
among the discoveries in medicine, he believes it to be the
greatest, perhaps it can truly be said to be the greatest that
ever was made, of any description, and there are a great
many by which money may be got, yet they are nothing
without health, as that gives the true enjoyment of life.
With a moderate use of this cheap and almost universal re-
medy, sickness, sores, and lameness of various descriptions
are cured, as I have proved in innumerable instances, not
only upon myself but upon my friends, neighbours, servants,
and workmen, of which, if I were to give the detail, no
periodical publication could insert it. It not only cures or-
dinary complaints, but it cures such as have long been con-
sidered incurable, without the use of the knife ; it is of the
greatest efficacy in the cure of cancers, of which it has already
cured several ; and the best of it is, that the cures are effected
without pain ; of course, a great many persons, in consequence
of its universality, will be slow to use it ; but I can assure
all such that they have no occasion to have the least fear of
any bad effects from it, as I can truly say that I believe it
never did the least harm, and I do not write without expe-
rience. I can only account for its curing complaints which
appear of an opposite character, by the supposition that all
complaints, of whatever description, have their commence-
ment and are continued by inflammation, against which it is
the most pewerful antidote which, I believe, is at present
known. In:the reduction of inflammation of fractured limbs,
I believe this remedy would be of great advantage, and for
incurable sores, in our hospitals, where there are great num-
bers of miserable beings who drag on existence through
sleepless nights from one day to another, this remedy would
be of great relief to them ; though it might not cure the sore,
it would so far relieve it (I write from facts not opinions) as
to enable them to sleep at nights, and after a fortnight's ap-
plication, enable them to leave the hospital and resume their
work. I have not the least doubt but of those who have
long been confined.and under treatment for sores of this de-
scription, one half of the beds would be at liberty in a month :
though this would be the result, I am afraid that medical
gentlemen will be slow to adopt this remedy, as it is not
ushered into the world in the name of some eminent man of
great science ; but they ought to recollect that many useful
discoveries have been made by men of comparatively little
learning, and science has contributed nothing to this dis-
covery ; it has all been done by the situation in which I was
placed, which has also enabled me to get to know many of
its good properties, as it is generally used by my numerous
servants and workpeople.
If this address falls into the hands of any person who wishes
to do good to his fellow men, and he from situation can spread
the knowledge of it in those countries where inflammatory
complaints are prevalent, such as the plague in Turkey, the
black and yellow fever in the West Indies, Sierra Leone, and
other parts of Africa, the cholera in the East Indies, with all
the bites and stings from noxious animals and reptiles, he
will confer benefits which will be lasting on the countries in
which they may be propagated, for it has only to be known
and applied, and there is no danger of its ever being forgot-
ten ; and J beg of all such that they would have the goodness
to cause the diffusion of the knowledge of it to be as free as
this communication of its discovery.
DIFFICULTY TO INDUCE PERSONS TO USE THIS REMEDY.
—Though I can attest from actual knowledge of facts which
are stated in this paper, that it has cured all these complaints
of which I have given the cases, yet there are a many per-
sons who think it impossible, and facts are nothing against
such persons' opinion. In a neighbouring town there were
three families the children of which were afflicted with ring-
worms upon their heads, to whom it was recommended •, two
of the ladies used it, by washing the crowns of the heads of
their children, and they were soon cured; indeed, the effects
would be felt upon the first application ; the other lady. would
not use it, and the children suffered for a long time after. A
lady of my acquaintance was attacked with a complaint, which
at the commencement would have been easily cured, but when
the use of it was urged upon her, said she would not be cured
by this remedy, and as she is now dead she has not been cured
with any other.
THOSE TO WHOM IT DOES NO Goon.—There is a large
class in society to whom it does no good—they are those who
will not use it ; but I have no doubt that they are daily di-
minishing in number, for after any one has applied it to any
complaint, the benefits are so manifest, that it would be to
suppose them not endowed with common sense not to apply
it again in case of need ; it only requires very little reflection
to know how to apply it to any complaint, whether external
or internal, and there is not the least fear of any bad effects
from it. An experience of several years has convinced me
that it has never yet done any harm, but its efficacy is much
more certain when it is used clear.
INFLAMMATION.—I saw it stated in a newspaper that a
professional gentleman had published a treatise to prove that
complaints of all kinds are caused by inflammation ; this
coincides with my opinions and observations, and this being
the case, it is not surprising that this remedy has cured al-
most every complaint to which it has been properly applied,
or has greatly relieved them ; but the universality of its effi-
cacy has been thought by some a great objection to it. A
lady to whom it was recommended said, •` I have no faith in
it, for you say that it cures so many complaints ; if you said
it only cured one, I could use it for that ; but'as you say there
are so many, I will not use it for any ;" this may be wisdom,
but as I have known it cure the head, ear, and tooth-ache,
inflammation in the eyes, ague, cholic, pains in the side,
chilblains, burns and scalds, cancers, and several others, and
some of theme scores of times, I should be wanting in my
duty if I did not recommend it for them.
CANCERS.—It has been applied in six cases of cancer, five
of which it has cured, and that without pain ; even the first
application did not give pain but relief; three of these were
very severe, and had been of long continuance ; the other
two were at the commencement, and to the sixth it was
applied but once, which brought on a great bleeding, which,
I believe, was necessary, as he was much better after it but
it alarmed his friends, they called in his medical advisers
(he being a wealthy man, he had the best the place could
afford), they were very much offended by its application,
and said they would not come again if he continued to use
it, he therefore promised he would not use it again, and I
believe he kept his promise, as he died in less than twelve
months after ; and, judging from the others, I have no doubt
but he would have been cured if he had not been prevented
from applying it. The other five are all poor, and are cured
and living at present, or were a short time ago ; the rich was
not cured, and is dead ; I wish this last had been otherwise,
as he is said to have been a worthy man.
SPRAINS.—Many persons suffer from sprains for months,
who might be cured by fomenting the part with this remedy,
in a few days, and some of them in a few hours. I have
known several who have suffered for weeks, though under
very able doctors, cured in a very short time with it.
OPEN SORES.—Soon after my return from England to La
Ferte Imbault, in France, in July last, I was informed that
one of my cottagers had not been working for two months,
from illness. When I saw him, he said he had got bled the
beginning of May, and that his arm had inflamed. On ap-
plication to the doctor, he was told he must poultice his
arm ; he did so, but at the end of the first month it had
become a frightful sore. Upon application to his doctor, he
said he must continue to poultice it ; he did so, but his arm
continued to get worse, and in consequence of want of sleep,
he was reduced almost to a skeleton. I told him to send to
the castle for some of the remedy, and throw his poultices
into the fire, if he did not wish to lose his arm. He applied
the remedy that afternoon, and I saw him two days after;
he was totally changed in appearance ; he said he had slept
well both nights ; and he was enabled to resume his work
ten days after.
Another man, soon after, had the misfortune to have one
of his hands severely bruised by a cart, and part of one of
his fingers taken off. Such remedies were applied as were
in general use in the country, and I did not see him for some
time after his accident. When I first saw him I thought
mortification had begun. The first application caused great
pain, which continued for about half an hour, but further
applications were not so painful, the hand got better each day,
and he is now cured of that which would have cost him his
life. The bone, to the joint of the finger, came away, and
it is cured also.

One of my gamekeepers had the misfortune to have his
face much burnt by the blowing up of a quantity of gun-
powder : he could only see with one eye, and that very little.
The remedy was applied in the first half hour after the acci-
dent, and though it gave pain in the commencement, he had
the courage to continue it; the result was, that after five or
six applications, it gave him no pain, and he was cured in
fifteen or twenty days, and his sight, which had been weak
for many years, is now better than ever it was.
ADDRESS TO THOSE GENTLEMEN WHO HAVE THE CARE OF

HOSPITALS.

From the foregoing cases, which have all occurred since
my visit to Leeds last year, I think that it is the duty of all
gentlemen who have the care of hospitals, &c., to make use
of this remedy, and I have no doubt if they condescend to
use it, a great many will be cured, and the beds set at liberty,
and instead of the patients being a dead weight upon the
community, they will be able to get their livings and support
their families, though they are now dragging on a life of
misery ; and those who are afflicted with sores which cannot
be cured, may be so far relieved as to be able to get their
livings also in comparative comfort,, which may be exempli-
fied by the cases of, two men in the village near my house in
France, who are afflicted with incurable sores upon their
legs. Before they used this remedy their lives were truly
lives of misery, but now they have very little pain and they
are able to work, and, in case of necessity, they can walk
two miles to their work. The leg of one of these men, is
little more than the bone and sinews. The manner of apply-
ing it will easily occur to-those gentlemen who are accus-
tomed to such things. If one gentleman in each hospital
would adopt it, I have no doubt but in a short time it would
become the practice of all; the effects would then be so de-
cisive and cheering,—it soon removes all sitfasts and other
impurities from the sores.
The experience of last year has furnished a case which ap-
pears most surprising of all, it is that of a young man, the
only son of his mother, and she is a widow. He appeared in
the beginning of last July to be lying upon his death bed;
his complaint a consumption ; he was only able to be removed
to have his bed made ; the application of the remedy appeared
to be too late ; however, it was made, and the manner and
results are as follow :—First the crown of his head was well
washed with the remedy, after which, and immediately, he
took two table spoonfuls diluted with hot water, and a piece
of soft linen was steeped in the remedy, and when doubled
into several thicknesses, was laid upon his breast, in order, if
possible, to allay the dreadful cough which was very distress-
ing, and came on in paroxysms, the phlegm hard and yellow.
He was requested to take two table spoonfuls every morning
before he broke his fast, diluted with hot water, which he did.
I inquired every day if there was any alteration, but for six or
eight days the answer was no, and I gave him up when he
stated that there was no alteration. He said that he coughed
always, and the phlegm had become white and frothy which
continued the same for some weeks; but in about six days
after the first change, he said tht he had got such an appetite
he could eat anything ; he began then to gain strength and sat
up, and went to visit bis neighbours. Soon after, a great
pain began in his left side, with much inflamatiori, but upon
application of the linen steeped in the remedy, the pain was
removed, and in a week it burst, when his cough ceased en-
tirely, and though the discharge was great, he continued to
gain a little strength,—his appetite good, and he continued to
take the remedy as before. A clever medical roan, who hap-
pened to he in the village about this time, said he would get
better, which was the general opinion in the village, if he could
pass the winter, which he did, and he was living when I left
La Ferte Imbault; but I am afraid that the abscess in his
side will be too much for him, as it was then open, and the
discharge was considerable before this was formed. I con-
sidered him cured, and I ceased to call upon him, but I have
not the smallest doubt if he had began to use the remedy in
the early stage of his complaint that he would have been cured.
Now I put it to the medical gentlemen who attend upon such
cases, and the friends of such as are in consumptions, if it
would not be well to follow the same treatment ?
ADDRESS TO GOVERNORS OF COLONIES WHERE INFLAM-
MATORY AND INFECTIOUS DISORDERS ARE PREVALENT.
As I have a great desire that a knowledge of this remedy,
and its effects should penetrate into those regions where in-
flammatory complaints are prevalent, I have made and for-
warded this address, in order that the benefits arising from
it may be known and to those who are residing in or border-

1, of the°l
ing upon the Turkish empire or Egypt, Ibe
rf
have propagated, free of expense, in those coin 100t.,1
have not the least doubt that it would cure the!,, it=‘'A
most other inflammatory complaints, if appliT
stages. Not having seen the plague, I can give-,birag;r,
rules for its use, but it is always best to begin fl,;, 1;0
the crown of the head, and if the threat anu,":s
sore, gargling the throat and washing the molt"' it rely'
filling the ears one after the other, and letting . our
The patio ee
for fifteen or twenty minutes in each ear. „ger! 4,
to drink two table spoonfuls, diluted with /lot ",, regwod
two or three hours, or even oftener. as the case 'llion'
and also the parts discoloured or inflamed should be
with it. ebed
For those countries where inflammatory fel;ers.li. do.
.„e'
are prevalent, the same method of treatment w' the 15
throats and inflammation in the brain are often ...of
paniments of such disorders, and the administractcliubicee,
remedy should be prompt and incessant in all p°
and if professional gentlemen are not at hand, 110,,re it '
to be-afraid of administering it, as they maY be -
do no harm.

ADDRESS TO MISSION ARIES' 1113" y
Missionaries ought to get a knowledge of it* i; ofle,;(
the least doubt that if all missionaries had a g°°4nilent 14';
of it, and applied it without divulging its COldP,,s'ie 004
and the manner in which it is made, it would etidufeilit,
make a great many conversions, and with greater OP'.
is so very prompt in its operations, as to have the 60'1
e
of a miracle, particularly in accute comPlaid,tl'
tlast d
haanmdmaantdiotnheeigthoesrileinl
itnhtehberoaitnher7 bowels ;
but that in time, the iron bound empires 11)fetCtlIbit:133th
-bt'CIP,
Will be entered, and even the monarchs converted burg:
strumentality. But care should be taken that nonetbe
of high courage and talent should be employed eia•uceori
and not till they have got a perfect knowledge dlbut 11°
lities, which can only be had by experience,
should be afraid of usin it.
Omissions in former pgublications I neglectedt ‘‘:l)e/logo
t•° ye
published an account of this remedy to explain dia., ,tS •
be used perfectly clear ; that after the component
put together they ought to be well shaken CO'. ser .30; lo
and after left to clear ; but let them remain a1‘;j;d.,55,;(0
same bottle. The clear part should onlywb.ieleanPelie.atroeilrw,..,l.
particles of salt cause pain and irritation ;
no pain except upon open sores, and that is only P'°
METHOD OF MAKING THE nEmE9l%,forl,,d
Fill a bottle three-quarters full with brandY,c,
add as much salt as will fill the bottle for cork'n' it fettli,
together ten minutes before it is used; let the '7.l;;;tricei
the bottom, and he particularly careful to use it„je
the clearer the better. Many persons haverrr ~PF
mistake in shaking it up before it is used. -"e•
not near so great, and to open sores the applieantdi,olr
more painful from the particles of salt which are
in the brandy, but the salt and the brandy st,°°l '
:oretloe
gether, and when all the brandy is used off, ".att
added to the salt. Though it is. ready for use,
tiojeip `+
minutes after it is put together, it is good at 80)q.
and it is a perfect medicine, as it has the r4re"tcr°s'
being greatly efficacious for either internal or 0)
plication. dr
,- ee
In conclusion, I beg to say to all, that thisau- itoo
for no other purpose than to do good. I should "1;',1ti,5 I
to do injury to any man, or any class of men' ~010°'
calculated to be of great benefit to the mass of
hope that it will be considered in that light.
lam sincerely their servant, g I,ss'
WILLI

JONATHANISMS ;
OR, SHORT YARNS FROM THE FA-
n
t'eDtJ
f'
FATE OF POETS.—There are five thousand ariniaKp:
three poets in these United States. Of these, t,/,are in the state prisons, five hundred and &vole:, der
natic asylums, and two hundred and eighty in 1i
prisons.—New York Morning Herald.
LARGE VEGETABLES.—Mr. John J. Jones, 11. acan~fbNI
of ours, has in his garden near the MississillP;too.,,
that would fill a cart. It probably weighs lob, clip
they beat this in Kinderhook ?—Alton is
„0,0,110;
RISE IN PRICES.—Fat young negro girls arei,", e%°ti!
this market at 100 dollars a piece. They '33
roasting joints, and taste like mountain
(Alabama) Despatch. 11StsCe:d1
PoßE.—Three duels took lour village ici‘'
p ace in p
which four good citizens were killed. They vc,e; rs
put up in pork barrels, and will fetch IS d°3 • •IP;
New Orleans.—Elkton (Kentucky) Advertise. toto
WANTED IMMEDIATELY.—A sensible, CoillteBlo,soll.
dential person, who is callable of doing all the „eeli
listening to complaints. About 15 dollars Pr -then'lil
given him. N. B. When a pretty woman "%pi,'
may hand her over to me, not otherwise. dr,
office.—New York Morning Herald. .r g
The lawyers are defending the P
k for ,0
quisites. If they did not, we should lon nig
judgment next week.
A little girl happening to hear her mother F.ll"ig tattle'
mutton. i
into half-mourning said, "Why are yon g°ll,alfde,looY4
mourning, mamma ; are any of your relations iaivt et&
THE DEFINITION OF LOVE.—It is a °itre 5°,,eY,,
heart, growing out of an inordinate longing het'c tO
difficult to obtain. It usually attacks pers°llsloo/1' 4
age of fifteen and thirty, and some have been pro
afflicted with it as late as sixty and eighty, thiogool,,'li
Its Symptoms.—Absence of mind, giv'bfreat'vre'
names, calling tears nectar, sighs zephyrs :s of ,;
nofepoonesttrayn,tgdaersiinrge
toonsitghhe, satnidrsr,ntnonoitnhgache,
Its Effects.—A strong heartburn, paiftileser titihnrce:redliirl cilP:
eyes, Cupid stinks, racks and tortures, hair trigger
wild dreams, and all that sort of thing. ort'
Its Cure.—Buy a copy of the Philosophg nift. getin A
it for a few weeks, court some lovel lass, an r
and then you will soon be convalescent.
At the Auburn Concert, on Saturday week',icla°,li
Shirreff was singing " Whistle, and I'll comet Nybis4
the audience were highly amused by some wagolitco,'
thinki erhaps, that the coy minx meant T, whist'
01,
her promise; but, alas for him ! the more be e
more she would'ut " come." who
Can anybody tell us the name of the tailor It
penny paper here ?We want to shew 11,,,P;roge$jeil
a bit more than the ninth part of a man to „'"e
Hejnay mend breeches but not morals. n• 11'„otf
lutestring—not lampoons.—New York Aforilti)..fi'`.:l
There are one thousand five hundred anfi„d l•;tste'
papers and periodicals published in theis
It 014
one of them worth a n.—lbid.
The population of Ohio in 1800 was 50,,,
1,700,000—0ne half of them beautiful women, Ll°
—lbid. i
hs 5U eif
A young gentleman had the gold buckles 0. ,oa
melted on the levee at New Orleans by die heat'
of June. His brain was not injured by the Ilea
si
He was brainless.—lbid. Felon' d.
HUMBUG.—The quarrel between the alb 1;44
the National Gazette about Amilie is a droll haever qtr
writers are a pair of the greatest simpletons thahte) (100
I T tipl
on paper. They know anything of music . e
common sense.—lbid. e are t"
Brooks, Sargeint, Noah, King, and Stoa,
whig editors of New York—and five greater bia"Sod
5 let
not be picked out of 50,000.—Ibid.
Parson Breckenridge gives a discourse,_tfter
prospects to-night, in the Tabernacle—ne
,„,nea, or;
than hanging on the apron strings of prettY 's"
ting the devil into them.—lbid. 0,7
STRETCH OF ELOQUENCE.—" My brethregr'etbaire tiP
and learned oracle of the pulpit, "MY dearwere fcr
is a great deal to be did, and it's time we to":
didding on' t !"—American Paper. ADO' treY
ORIGINAL.—" Mister Sailor," said o 1 fors 0
l i
therbeaten tar, who had called at her house, '
' the"
you must see a great many curiosities at bli`lo4;
said Jack, and immediately .commenced tell,ll,°eatk,,c,lo.
leviathans of the deep. " But how do these get, as„'" "t(.
fishqueried
live tohne
land
, lady.hy de"voon,r'insaidtnJoacskin,
they dont eat them raw, do" thegy.,, 0 1 0:1
" every fifth fish carries a kettle on his at:la:lienliff'°°'l7-11e15°,tboi5eli:
.Dunstable (New Hampshire) Telegraph. , .‘ solit
PLATONIC LOVE.—" What," said a la"Y'antle:stit/
of platonic love ?" " Madam," replied the:cerY"
solemnly, " I think, like all other tonics, it ; 1,0 JO
rp
Exchange Paper. ht, railfsr6,6
NANT SHEEP SHEARING.--T— ' 11
menced. UCKET
The rig es of the mutton worshille shillcot
ning to burst forth, and the wooley
and a catastrophe of helter-skeltelr-ism. l'evalb4l;,sfi',..A
like rams, and. the hummocks like Young ofliolet3,f
shear pen rageth and fometh, as it were, a sa, all Prg,'V
not fleas—bah! Four-legged creatures, ?id
sorts—and one, two, three, and four-wheein,
supposable shapes, are getting into a furiotl,
very cows' commons are in commotion. Alpe Pt"JelV
ving elements are head up and tail 111)-1,1, g°tber'd,
cry is " cut on, Dunnum," which rnea"" Otis 1;0' Oe
The whole country is bewitched, and the iolo ije4r/
turned topsey-turvey ; the grand designs s tA; ever. tileoe
tion into a Whooraw's nest. Reader, ds
water-logged spar in the still dockand, alit'he tbhereWeo
bed below a wriggling eel—didst ever clap iiira t‘‘,
the serpent's tail, with the hope of holding -Irop,„Tejo
Or didst ever think of detaining within thy g , ollet!
mofitsyofotfsaoap,
swineor ootrhearn saalphosnataocrer
Or
ruhnascttioriti;bouu'.oeb:ieeribbetifi
taken, in any similar fashion, to catch asivere.titio,olA
devil's darning needle ? If " nay" thou and pl) itie
thou know nought of the impossibilities „010„.141,',0.4
Thine experimental acquaintance with the P`,4icl
istence are as nothing and less than n° but
aut
not worth a brass baubee ; for thou art ro,
in the mysteries of botheration! But if thaa 5 VA,
hend these aforesaid difficulties, then wwiteili
that tribulation which at this present be's° f all 11. ir;
lishers and printers hereof—viz. the revolt oexst
labouring among types and ink during thPatriarb,VO'
toonnhseeaciduse,nwoo a which they profanely call the ,s.
Consequence is, no paper next satur"'
Enquirer.

.i$ 14;
.1. ili•
ohlPvildli
SIR ANTHONY CARLISLE.—Sif A. Carli‘lce);ls tfd Ili:;11,
pil at the Westminster Hospital, vvas 8,91-roillie% JO,/
personally acquainted with Hunter• lie nif a 'et; /IV'
by calling and requesting his acceptance ° 31 egi3reli'd
and well-executed preparation of the inter°. , to IVtl
was highly delighted with it, and detained hi ,v bi.id j, ,„,,
and, in the course of conversation, encenrilgess, ai3 ill ld`4!
ing, " Any man who will set about a bi;ineptelateher
you have done that ear, May do any; iy,ot e, ,at;ii
don." On finding that Mr. Carlisle ha
~ led b''ol46lre:
them---" That,
his lectures, as a reason for which, he aoqledge tiiooo4;
sufficiently advanced in professional kiln°, cotef',,isd'ilO,
but I will give you a perpetual ticket and 5 half..., Wilde ofts Sir," said Hunter, '' is ver be; eitiol
'.
''tatiop os
rib
you whenever you will call." This les I. •oen l'i •
lected ; and Mr. Carlisle's anatomical skill b ~ CO4OOl gil
favourite with Hunter, to whose collectiolsl,hys.ll6o) itooei
several valuable preparations."----PhYSie e:7 t c0011:16C,(11 je‘,'
EFFECTS OF REFORM.—There is a Pat.e,noitY `tlie, ',ilk,
asylum in the vicinity of London, whose la- after 1110/ tl!
by the political excitement which took playee,.ja, 0;0 fli°
tion of the Reform Bill, by the House of
sl'ta.°l;iisblacigLit,ioo;',
was actively engaged in promoting the el was ,ealr,7j, t,
period. that he evinced decided sy
great political union in London, and I s of litioc'eallit
stillHe
ofeaonacsiieoso, a
lhl etptoru ge
pi=
tit
ration. His delusion took a singular turn. t 10 li 0 ',I t!
most impassioned manner the other lun, „woo licit . : v.
yimmseolfooarscanedbideanteeh,foar:ld:ieci?,:lintgoe:,/oser;;;.(er)01
tells them to send him to the House of 'd Olio l'ilo fof
sent their interests, by their unbought an,
_„,it is eat of 1,
Lords,asylum
frages. We are told by a medical gentlteic,,sern 00115!,
this case, that he affords considerable ,ea'of be ter;ol,
*foli-ierebill, eogig`writm;4ll'dt,
This is his only delusion : when "people is not .ed IntaLler rsil!:,l
rejecting
seemtinogst
tvii,eolelitinhiss al:11',, 0 1iaj0,,,5,,,?
ing to the electors, he is usually enillelao toeAl On
dresses and advertisements. The gent
vore._, t rhe
care be is placed, has frequently ende:l i- 11°!5 lip v;,l
him that the Reform bill was carried, an and 6,1,1),00,,,eb0 1
the land. He laughs at the assertiouias tool`tfic,
•voillat,,
weak invention of the enemy." A fract- a lunaais64,:,
ward one afternoon, in consequence 0,, - was it, off de id
just been admitted, and who of coots., ~,pt,.!tilq
with the morbid delusion of this man, rt-, at l''l, , 'PK/
vote for him. The would-be M.P. s'''d° toil,: °wet
of every opprobrious epithet he coul foe °ace,' . 40
commenced pummelling the lunatic. of 1,10 t.,,,, os4o/
thought
took the poor man's part, and the rest' 6 .1., or.
t 1 ..-cl
former," was compelled to beat a retrea 4,10/
the punishment which his condua
Physic and Physicians.

of tbe° I
be: .0 e
co„nto - to
ose he Plggee
:iure t its
applied ja 0:1'1
ive na
can cith ay
tii
baetg,ilan'd
; mouth, ii,st
1 The.1010
The Patieer,eil
;h hot lot
rot;
le ease n's/ioreo"
should be
fevers 01-.0
"nt
.
often of
lmillistractloe 4
in all Pa—one Og,
hand, l'!„re it ('
may be

lES.
I b 3
of it, 1101 e 'A
d a g en-
tr
)Uld COOP
ts fine
great °.
have th" 5
Fut, • . eti
plaintthio 1,111414
" w 1"" t
not the ',end isi:r
of Chinang
converre but
that 09n -the
ployed lajoar;ti
ledge °f tav
fence; bu
to

tivt,
leeted,
g, in tha tS
On°" , ty
fur severa
nain 0.00
be oPPilewit
, dor lot
when
_l,oe
is onlY ,9
emElO% „fterl,el
b randY, - y
ng;le
tt
r corki„mt
let the `.brac
.grit de $r
The
have 3113 /,44
¢2o
ich are °t 401 y
1,1 rt.
v shot' ore. al .00,
oft; i u!aft
for use, iioevi
at au) tt.9,11110r
the Ore,teros`
.oai or e
Ewa' dres.shisll,oci':
should übl'ltt I
of wen,
.as of

ant, I,ss'
04
WILL"

R THE WEATHER AND THE CROPS.
n'e h
gr.tabin.r.h, ,luvaale;ehhasdhesoet.lrne fair' and some_ foul weather this Week.
saved, and much remains to be cut. The
„4-opo,r, beliee, is uninjured.—Lancaster Gazette.
'ue farrr, 'N-lE-PYLDE.—The hay harvest is still retarded,n
or t, i ers
aa i not being able to bring it to a close on.accou t
wcathi ,Ilic,t`e°'eneY of the weather. Two or three tine das
spritig
c- 4.ar
uP all the hay in this neighbourhood. . The
tore r°Ps of corn and grail' are looking very promising,
41.0. s° than the T ' Potat , though it is expected to be a tolerable
andoraips °ea are likely to be an extraordinary crop.
ar, 1 getterallY appear uncommonly well. Stone-fruit
tthh!pr'ePeleasta,hr._r_ateher.scarce, but in summing up the whole
i4lerage.v4bpidct is, the crops will be considerably above
fears 41e, weather of the last few days has dissipated the
the bane ton has been recently entertained on the subject of
pairlgitl,.which has commenced in Somerset and the ad-
'clit C4r tiles• Some very good crops have been cut.-
1 The er"'cle*
'tiwo to2,Ps ill the neighbourhood of Driffield were never
4taot look better than, at present ; they look most lux-
lalid and beatiful.
stands very thick upon the
totllnhaelkya;ualpiltitit:idrt is expectedhe Tlyield abundantly, and fully
crop
to
ttolleetiactshuetewnin fy last year. Fine weather is
with a plenteous supply of
titfa,l;dl of life,"
the farmers have sown more land
,Nsegaeat this season than for many years previously, in 4to 6 eL.ace of the present high price of that grain. But 1 therqeared that the present boisterous and stormy wea-
-4 sha do oauch the
in breaking down the blades,tiatineda
j 1 hay h..° Much damage to the hay harvest, great quan
r0k7,14 at present unsecured. —Hull Times-
' the c,.. ariuus Parts of Galloway the most consoling reports
4 ops , toteeraaucontinue to reach us ; and we have just seen a
4thineef,ntbhohl:e.h° speaks in the warmest terms of the
.appear-
Stilt
o, at. at every step gladdened his sight in travelling over
the ut a fortnighAtna
.intelligent agriculturist whom we met
bli.o,r,ops around F, m Argylesite, writes to the effect that
th.gtoartatishir nosneath, an other parts of Argyle and
..`al then w es, have advanced so rapidly that such as saw
Nl4l:4dishu. , °LIM hardly believe the ev.idence of
themethir own
. fill" business or pleasure again waft to the
NI) statee hills and moors have rarely been in the same_
g,erli.efo,rattarhlefairiners pitched 'among " the cliffy rock?, '
to apart% to atippiyi g
n_ their own wants, will have egvsomethinge
, ill store ow countries, an .
.. ,ltheran„ .• Even from the far Caithness we have a note
;‘1 the "wing cheering purport :—" Beautiful weather now,
'1? tbe „sap Passing with railroad speed from the saccharin
14,4,. Laraaatteo
k 414 g wi
and state. Keep away blighting frosts and
'tia d °us, and we farmers will shortly save the Bank, .of
pi ' the t d
- ight ' V e will
at the rouble of selling its ' dead m, e •
ce'llatt„, 41aY hole, at least, by which its gold leaks out of the
„,,bl;,, barafries Courier.
ritt4 -t',ll-----The risi g r.ation have now an ame op.-
the4tahtlltedi,jandfw°rilthiuihngananCorgerencet idea of what once was, April.
w, alas ' 'exists but " in the memory of
Ilitulilaest inhabitant." Shower succeeds to sunshine. and
tkltoeare.ft° shower, in the wanton but fertilizing caprice of
,t(iitatt, ?tt often spring-tide. Nevertheless there is a genial
4.4,7,0,1au
41:
aniretshiejafitttltmleitnonsgphire and a ripening warmth in the
'titian:le to
atmosphere, and
i of the grain, that, not-
nv_ntghe winds, which are so
tiriPplandiPt the occasional mgloom of a damp morning or a
reitarrtt hnt, we feel assured that a bounteous harvest will
ito. dev"otuhte, toils of the husbandman, and justify the confidence.
glee, tY reposei in the wisdom and goodness of Provi-
( "bub/ita E 4 7
tL ttic,.....1,_ r eentny Mat .
d 17ste has ~7F egret to state that another very unfavourable
8 ken`4 place in the weather. After three as fine
I,l4l!,ht'aelleti„i_
tib.e desired, rain commence,cl falling again last
co tinned without a moment s cessation all the
rut', itw,,,,
'tot)! -"---The latter part of last week was pretty fa-
thti. . e for the
tia,tlte took t crops, but we regret to state, that an entire
61 from Place on Monday, and on yesterday rain fell pro-
Cot bals`l!, morning
in the
until evening. A friend jo st returned
,Ntiba,,llll describes a considerable quantity of laud . et.tter, "rtood of Bath loe as being entirely covered with
'bet 11!),"e aPPearaner ofs the weather acts with very bad
0 ',lat: -all the prices of all description of provisions. _
tait,''t 1%-ePk`:a__l?•—The wet, harsh, and unseasonable weather
tha Nash; %as succeeded on Sunday and Monday by very
h. Ned Cite. Yesterday, however, the weather again
4,1°1 Ri.4 ° wet but fortunately it is not accompanied
.by
•VtVee(l, Et;t. As, yet, we believe, the corn c.r,ops are umn-
-4%. - continuance of the present moist weather,. for
jr,' ii,.A,4'ol,Bshort.time longer, would cause great. injury.
14'9 to say"•--Notwithstanding the late rains, we are re-
, thls , th revery little injury, has been done the.
crops
Neraaett °f country • and in some places reaping has
are raced under the most favourable auspices.
8 a
It 4 h sample of the finest black oats we ever beheld.
liektobahYdMr4 Walker. of Killown. . Nye are assured. that it
k- Will Is ilt on the ledge, as the grain is excellent , and tha.t
'''-e,ll , riil gq irate
: tee thirtyty - barrels at market this week. This is
Ortoult the gloom that lately hung over
f4-I)4tittcLir_saigPern:selt'e:ftZr
dark Stiada' rhe weather since our
.l_as..t has been delight-
Oa,a and 1,;,,,u4 yesterday were beautifully fine. This is a
Tu,lle4. "ering day, during which one or two showers
ic,NEle lo"r'tuili•—The last few days have been as favoarable as
iNktpar,ie4 agricultural pursuits. W have load a hot sun,
Le deg? ' walla brisk breeze, well seuited to remedy, in
-14 to tree etn, the great damage that has been experienced by
eudous rains. This day threatens rain.
4.4......._

I, STATE OF TRADE.
44'44
Vtlaae tio."-The condition of the broad cloth market has un-
Nuitle,, ?liaterial change since our last. A fair quantity
,doing, principally in heavy cloths for domestic
thecla
p,-, lie"Lt,.hut the foreign market is by no means active. i‘fkb9encer
•
4t thin .lARKET.--The demand for manufactured
itikkl, were roarket on Thursday was unusually flat, and.the
oce,hc°roParatively limited in extent. The transactions
tiqd loudly eanly up to the average, but the spinners. com-
litijrae.,that the prices offered were not sufficiently re-
lo the wool market a fair business was done,
doe w„at Previous rates, though in some cases a small
ttkiiAktr;tBllbrallted tO.—lbid.
tEt,e " WOOL MARKET, AUG. 9.—The long wool.
kepi e Ilas:reS without any alteration from our last repoz_t
i.tetttions,"t'wever, been rather more inquiry for some de-
-4%1.'41y 444114 stocks of all sorts except mid wethers are etr-
ret ezlris,t• There continues to be a good demand o
wurle clothing wool at full prices.—lbid.
'44-1 ektp,L MARKET, August B.—We have had
.a de-'
tell Lace eitl)Y of pool to this day's market, with a, fair at-
-11141 4,.111111„,_110Yers, notwithstanding which a gloomy haneainvie:
,4.41te "K over the transactions of the day, d
taerl44o„, tle-third, certainly one-fourth of the Wool shewn
er to next week unsold—a proof, we think, that
%f actor: transa
ctions in this staple article of woollen ma-
i44,,,are rather out of joint. We believe,- after all,
east ,4ePiajticular variation in the prices of this day, frotn
OW
pfB qUOlatiOnS.—lbid.
tebL' of w,.};,4WIDOL FAIR, August s.—We had a large
attrotl)e;°. in this day's fair, which is the closing one till
140e„,btlyneelt• About 400 Sheets of Wool were pitched,
vlti kJ, 1.8 'were numerous, but we cannot quote an ad-
Lt 4 prices
ltiOeavy WooL MARKET, August s.—The market
teklear), Colighout the day (as has been generally the case
I,AY effe,,ll,t closed, notwithstanding, by a clearance being
'l/41. • 14`eu,the undermentioned prices :—Hog, 18 6d.
s't" n°g and we, 17s. to 17s. 6d. ; ewe, 15s. 6d. to
tkh et wiebrle locks, Bd. to 9d. per lb. The next wool
~e4ster e held on Saturday, the 7th of September.—
ylets,rwzegge.
tLeeeltio}:„lt'---The demand for worsted and woollen ho-
eo; detna', dull ; but; as the season approaches when a
kiltltc.l4a)r 0,4'1 hideeir expected the manufacturers continne
. We believe the stocks of hosiery are
1,41.4;atl fchi'e,q large for the beginning of the season. The
'eriYo.-414fie
il4etiZvuts is not so brisk. Worsted and woollen
, alteration in price, and the wool market is
`131111,,,t ba41,1,4'e, but ll firm. Th farmers are generally
a6s7 at present rates, which may be quoted at from
Per tod.—Leicester Chronicle.

'4l
1.11 ‘,.NATIONAL CONVENTION."
tl.lllt C
Vtt,totb,‘ll.ARTISTS UNDER SENTENCE OF DEATH.
141 lell cite of
4 i N the general convention has recommended
tblV,„lneeti,, adoption of the following address at every
ct
?lieSty's loyal subjects, had reason to hope
tta-:'aryi4Pirit of the age had rendered obsolete all those
Litkp,llolll,, which, in other reigns, had subjected offend-
ltikrt, 11-I°lls death for comparatively trivial offences.
Oth %have °waver, to learn that three of your Majesty's
01,441,1)%5utee1l convicted under an old act of parliament,
b 44 re have escaped the eye of the legislature in its
-s that Veal of barbarous enactments: we cannot avoid
Ntiterki
,Rd those crimes been found upon the calendar
1,88i2e) and not treated as political offences, they
14ita:`erboo'e!I More mildly construed, and the punishment,
victi°n, not have amounted to a sacrifice
k.-aapetem t(1; ts,h_e_se scumcistances IN:e humbly and respect-
-1141 kr°exerei,sl'ur Majesty that you will be graciously
, uo to ~caynot.ir royal prerogative, by extending the
1 and John
ittZt:e.), co,;vje. ms Roberts, told
th;Atte:c,lt. ted and sentenced eath at the assizes
kkikpis• qtloo be most repectfully to direct your Majes-
tft.alera tle Unfavourable circumstances under which
()Mi aTiorards%rpeittVed, being commtted for a mere riot,
14‘47:4„_ egoin auy indicted.
gut, tte g address was proposed. by Mr. Feargns
ND. °llded by Mr. William Carpenter, and carried
t4`tea:Zthih,,Yg iainitioon w.eek, four children were drowned
t4t, tiottkrt the flood in Nottingham meadows.
Otataki,, have been
AT RAMSGATE.—Eigh. t of the Rams-
-INt se% "R the een captured, and fined .L. 5, and Ps. costs,
,24 they e windows of the house used for the general
h., p,e(lrintilissioners of pavement. In default of pay -
k it'd the a ordered to the treadmill at Sandwich gaol.
hi,,•10 fine
k;stooNiliv4 and were liberated.—Kentish Gazette.
rtZ4ille'rll4l4l,ACHlNE.—An ingenious carpenter at In-
efs_'or too ~,roorn, is engaged in the construction of a
tio'het 4174.1140:24 Meadows, &c. to which he has long di-
itp; of th' hopes' and our informant, who has seen the model,
InY be entertained of a successful appl
kpiell olloilitC;lhe• It is to be driven by hand, in the same
he vet. 0 8 Machine for mowing lawns, but will work
.1118
eulate and through valleys as on level ground ;
ttoN-otit eim,,s that it will cut as wide a breadth in a day
ta.tio,a thte",',' ordinary labourers. The work is performed
'444'4)14 eo',. sets of revolving scythes or knives, put in
4kilo l'.---esPondent adds by a somewhat complicated
t. 1....1NQ 'Be.t Heroic/.
Amilrep4lso, etiTitlinitnixAttr.—On Thursday se'nnight, as
Stivi this °theer in the excise, was trolling in the
'4oa'e elm aft ‘8
town, he was lucky enough to hook a fine
hi:bieot,erArrforming a variety of evolutions in his
St°44 r' Letrian succeeded in landing, after an
iitY, 4 ao °4 being placed in the scales it weighed fif-
!re Itlcl waspd three quarters the stomach being quite
NttliNk Lronounced to be in fine condition. This
qad bY bee he'nan, though not of an exciseable article, it
‘°Ql/4, a°feeded, was an extra-sizable one, and doubt-
the ye
titalla
worolidable smuggler of the less powerful of
eh rile hi',tilrePld have puzzled many a coast-guardsman
"hell -i'ghty We understand that it was forwarded, by
'roto if.rnall, to some great personage, not, we ap-
of 44 SiZe, as a bait ; and, as Mr. Leman is a
oetill,roted taste, we must assume that it was
otki j4_s!ttl,e or two of our respected townsman's
Kk.l.Ai,,z to ii
to i 137 celebrated Abingdon sauce," to give
Ze4to_sll,ll/,‘,. A 8 I.le aquatic prize.—Oxford Herald.
I%••l7Qusi,ccir,ENTLoss OF Six LIVES--KlL-
kot etise,,:s"-in accident, attended with the most
e tia°sts 'nee, occurred here on the Ist instant. A
it en ent to sea for the purpose of fishing ; du-
kueloaTt to the to blow a strong gale from the
en,stoeEtrierill'e,avY sea they found it difficult to get
11011„rlaii:'sistiti,;" °,,,Y to relate, one of them upset, and
164t1h'41,ity 13' six men met a watery grave. This
SteyB.ll47 pal oltstread a general gloom over- the inhabi-
tle Qte, gat country. What renders it more dis-
ip4d, the , orphan boatmen drowned left six widows and
thi.), oodres Without an • means of support. No
thi.e Coup as Yet been founded A meeting was held
bjeZt44.ire' 'or ti-house, Armoournß.oyle, Esq., Seneschal,
tt:eatesetP:urpose of raising a fund for their sup.
thtkttore 4.20 w liberality was shown by all present, and
by Den to eNide taso subscribed on the spot, and arrange-
ittoun collect further subscfptions, which are
kb,1424118° Derl tt to a considerable suml. The names of
Ntiy, d are John .Chambers, John Morgan.
°.411 Doff William Curran, and Daniel
• • MOIL— Newry Telegraph,

TUESDAY MORNING, AUGUST 13, 1339.

A new Slave Trade Bill was introduced into the
House of Commons on Thursday, and Lord Palmer-
ston is reported to have delivered a very excellent
speech to empty benches at a late hour. We expressed
in the last number of this Journal our strong objec-
tions to the Bill as it originally stood, and our prefer-
ence of the more constitutional, and, as it appeared to
us, equally humane and energetic, course pursued by
the House of Lords.

The obnoxious preamble, however, has been reduced
to Parliamentary dimensions ; and Lord Palmerston
professes that the present Bill simply embodies the
sentiments in which the Upper House have acquiesced,
and confers upon the Government the powers neces-
sary for carrying existing Treaties into effect. If this
be so, his Lordship, as we stated on Friday, may con-
fidently reckon upon an unanimous support in Eng-
land.

The detestable traffic is Piracy, and the worst of
Piracies. England will call it by its right name, and
visit it with condign punishnient, whatever certain
parties in Portugal may find it convenient to object
either to the one or to the other. Our hands are pure.
The ancient boast is now a literal truth, that when the
captive sets his foot within our Queen's dominions,
the bonds of slavery are broken. It is time we extend
our protection to others :—the sea has been called the
Empire of Britain : she will exercise her• dominion in
the sacred cause of Freedom.

But let her speak one language to all. - It will not
do to whisper faintly to France and America what she
proclaims in tones of defiance to Mexico or Portugal.
Piracy is Piracy, whatever flag the Pirate hoist ; and
Justice is Justice, against whomsoever it need to be ad--
ministered. We fervently hope and trust that what
Sir Robt. Inglis and Lord Palmerston have proclaimed
in Parliament, will be preserved to the letter in all the
transactions with reference to this most interesting
question. All England, as one man, will be with the
assertors of humanity and the vindicators of outraged
justice. But the battle must be fought, like the battle
of Britons, with plainness, straightforwardness, and
energy. What need any. Government of Great Britain
fear, when the whole united Empire is with them ?
Southey tells an. anecdote of Nelson, that when his
mother asked him as a child •if he were not afraid, he
replied, " Mother, I do not know what it means to be
afraid."
_lf the Whig Executive will really act upon
this principle, it will be an exceeding marvel,—but the
whole nation will back them as one man. If there be
lack of energy, it will not rest with the people of Eng-
land. We shalLrevert to this subject.

Mr. Justice Littledale has passed upon the incendi-
aries of Birmingham 4,he last sentence of the Law.
While it has been thought right, in these days of ad-
vancing civilization and increased regard for humanity,
to abolish the punishment of death in almost every in-
stance, public necessity has demanded that it shall be
retained in the case of Arson. And if the burning of
a house from some motive of sordid interest (as fraud
upon an Insurance Company, for instance) be punish-
able, and be in fact usually punished, with death,—
how could an honest Judge, in the discharge of his
painful duty, draw any distinction, however subtle, to
mitigate the crime of these sworn enemies of the public
peace ?

But whatever may be his Lordship's imperative duty,
and entirely though we may acquiesce in the absolute
necessity as well as manifest justice of the way in which
that duty has been now discharged, we do most earn-
estly hope and trust that this sentence may be arrested
by the Crown. It would be ignoble for a Conservative
and constitutional Government to wage war to the
death upon so mean a quarry, while the powerful and
influential disturbers of the public peace were suffered
to go on unscathed. In a Whig Government, whose
daily breath has been drawn in from the gales of sedi-
tion, and who have been themselves placed and retained
in office by promoting every factious and clamorous
enemy of order, it would be the basest and most bare-
faced wickedness.

We trust these miserable men will have a lengthened
life for reflection and penitence in a penal Colony.
Exile from their native land, of which they and their
leaders are alike unworthy, is the natural and just
punishment for men who have distracted and disgraced
her : servitude is the fitting destiny of men who can-
not appreciate the blessings of British Liberty : and a
life of lengthened reflection is the proper cure for the
brain-fevers of political frenzy. Right sorely from the
mines of Van Diemen's Land would the wretches sigh
for that happy country which their own madness and
wickedness had forfeited. May they be an example to
others, and may their fate check the progress of fear-
ful disorder which has so rapidly gone forward for the
last few years in peaceful England ! The majesty of
the Law may slumber, but it will be roused at last.
Faction will not always supersede the claims of Jus-
tice.

Lord John Russell spitefully and shamelessly ad-
verted to the Lords' Resolution, for the purpose of ex-
pressing his determination not to act upon it. We
shall have occasion to reason with him on this subject
hereafter, and to show him that what the Premier calls
a truism in one House and for one purpose, is not to
be called an untruth by the Home Secretary in another
House to serve a different end. We merely advert to
it now, that we may suggest to his Lordship, since he
does not mean to consult the convicting Judge (unless
he chances to please so to do) before exercising the
high Prerogative of Mercy,—we wish to suggest to
him that whatever may be the Judge's duty, the Home
Secretary may, upon such a principle, commute the
punishment at once,—and there is no crime to which
a Whig Secretary can more appropriately and consist-
ently extend indulgence than sedition. We trust these
wretched miscreants will be made an example to others,
but not by death.

Our readers will remember the rumours which were
prevalent about Easter, of an intended resignation on
the part of Lords Melbourne and John Russell. It
was supposed they would be succeeded by Lords Nor-
manby and Morpeth, and a new reef at once be sha-
ken out in the canvass of radical agitation. This im-
pression prevailed down to the period of the Bed-
Chamber Plot, when new elements of a very different
nature were introduced into the question. It was then
believed that however willing Lord Melbourne might
have been tO give the country up t 9 liberals of a dye

darker even than his own, yet even he had scruples
which forbade his making over a youthful and confid-
ing Mistress to the sordid acts of a manoeuvring Mar-
quis and an intriguing Lady.
How far this impression may be a just one we are
at a loss to say. Certainly it is giving Lord Melbourne
no more credit than the merest man of worldly honour
(that bastard substitute for principle) may be imagined
to deserve, if we suppose that having used Her name
and Her popularity to the uttermost for himself, he
would guard the one and the other against being traf-
ficked with by his meaner creatures for their yet more
pernicious purposes. We believe the selfishness of
worldly honour will often go so far as this ; and, for
anything we know, Lord Melbourne may have some
touches of pity and some stings of remorse when he
contemplates the position to which he brought down
the name and popularity of his Sovereign.
However this may be, there are indications in the
political horizon which shall set every Conservative in
the country upon his guard. We have repeatedly
urged upon our readers the considerations which ren-
der a Dissolution of Parliament by no means improba-
ble. We know this is not the prevailing impression.
It is not the impression which the Liberals wish should
prevail. It may be the right one for all, that, and we,
at all events, should not be caught sleeping. We will
not recapitulate all the reasons which we have expressed
before for this vigilance and caution. We will merely
observe two things :-Ist. Every body knows that a
more Radical Government could not go on with the
present House of Commons ; 2d. The Morning Chro-
nicle has again taken up the agitation for more violent
measures, which it commenced when Sir R. Peel was
supposed to be in office, and has discontinued since the
re-accession of Lord Melbourne. Surely these are
charges in the wind. Let the Conservatives of Liver-
pool be ready.

We have very great pleasure in presenting to our
Readers the following Address of Mr. Kinnaird to the
Electors of Perth. It is written in a thoroughly up-
right spirit of genuine principle. The man was bred
a Conservative in the bone, and it must have been an
unlucky mischance indeed that leagued him with the
Liberals for a time. We rejoice that he has come out
from among them.

" TO THE ELECTORS OF THE CITY OF PERTH.
" Gentlemen,—Until within a short period, I have been
able to continue in the discharge of the duties which I un-
dertook at the general election, with satisfaction to my own
conscience.

" Recently, however, to my deep regret, a plan of educa-
tion has been propounded by the Government, and sanctioned
by the House of Commons, which is founded, in my opinion,
upon principles both inconsistent with the steadfast attach-
ment to the system of church establishments which I have
always professed, and dangerous to the religion of the coun-
try. This measure I have thought it my duty to oppose.
" It is true that I have not received any remonstrance on
your part, nor am I myself of opinion, that in opposing such
a plan of education, I violated any pledge or understanding
which had passed between my constituents and myself; but
considering that questions merely political are altogether se-
condary to those affecting religion, I cannot conscientiously
continue, by general Parliamentary support, to strengthen
the hands of a Government which avows its anxiety to carry
out, to a still greater extent, principles detrimental, as I hum-
bly consider, to the most sacred interests of the nation.
" Under these circumstances, I feel myself incapacitated
for the future from fulfilling the expectations under which
many of you honoured me with your support ; and accord-
ingly, with no further delay than has been required for the
due consideration of so important a question, I have resolved,
for the present, to retire from Parliament, and I therefore
surrender into your hands the distinguished trust which you
confided to me, with the warmest acknowledgments of your
past kindness, and the most earnest desire that in proceeding
to the exercise of your political franchise, you may be led to
employ it as shall be most conducive to the national welfare.
" In doing this, I feel that you may select for your repre-
sentative an individual who may be more competent, but no
one who can be more anxious, to advance the true interests
of the city of Perth, than
" Your obliged and obedient servant,

" London, August 7. " ARTHUR KINNAIRD."
It is by such principles as these that the whole Con-
servative body is bound together; and it is by the
zealous and consistent advocacy on all occasions of
such principles, that the excellent Association of our
respected friends the Tradesmen of Liverpool has at-
tained its well-merited influence in this and the neigh-
bouring towns, and has earned so wide a reputation
throughout the Empire at large. We shall revert to
this subject in our next.

We have been favoured with a copy of the Singapore
Free Press Extra of the 15th of March, from which we
extract the following particulars respecting the execu-
tion of a Chinese in front of the British Factory, re-
published from the Canton Press Extra of the 27th of
February :
" The Governor of Canton has effected the threat
made to the Chamber of Commerce two months since,
that criminals guilty of trading in opium were in future
to be executed in front of the foreign Factories. Last
evening, at about half-past five o'clock, some soldiers
were seen making their appearance, armed with hal-
berds, lances, and matchlocks,—without, however, ex-
citing much attention, it being thought that some minor
punishment might perhaps be inflicted, such as flog-
ging, which is not an uncommon occurrence on that
spot. But a mob being soon collected, it was found
on inquiry that a man, guilty of dealing in opium, was
to be strangled ; and long before this was generally
known among the foreign community, or indeed could
be prevented by any act of the, foreigners, the deed had
been committed, and this fresh insult been offered to
foreigners residing in Canton. The authorities had
taken their measures with such secrecy, and carried
them into effect with so much precipitation, that five
minutes had not elapsed between the arrival of the
soldiers and the death of the man. Howqua and the
two other senior Hong merchants received sudden
orders immediately to proceed to the front of the Fac-
tories, and at the moment of the former's arrival the
unhappy culprit was strangled, before even the Kwang
heep had arrived. A numerous guard of soldiers,
headed by officers on horse and mules' back, had in
the meanwhile formed a circle round the gallows to
keep off the mob ; many foreigners had by this time
collected on the spot, and some, who were able to speak
Chinese, remonstrated with Howqua and the Kwang
heep concerning this insult offered them, but, the act
having already been 'committed, of course without
thereby mending affairs. The authorities and soldiers,
after having staid altogether not more than perhaps
twenty minutes, withdrew, carrying away the corpse.
The hurried manner in which the whole affair was
conducted shewed but too clearly the apprehensions of
the authorities of another attempt at preventing the
execution, as happened on the 12th of December; and
it is very likely that, had it been known in time, such
attempt would have been made, though we believe with
little chance of ultimate success on the part of the
foreigners, for not only did the Chinese police-soldiers
muster strong, but there can be little doubt that others
were in reserve to overpower all resistance. Moreover,
the time chosen was the dinner-hour of the Chinese,
and that likewise when many of the foreign residents
take exercise on the water, and therefore when the
authorities were most likely to succeed without hin-
drance in their scheme. Considering all matters dis-
passionately, we come to the conclusion that it is rather
a matter of congratulation than otherwise that the
foreign residents had no time given them to oppose
the execution, for it is but too likely that wounds would
have been given and received; and actual acts of vio-
lence on the part of a few foreigners against the Chi-
nese authorities, cannot possibly end to the advantage
of the former, the more so as we know from sad expe-
rience that we have the sympathies of the people by
no means with us, as was shewn on the 12th Decem-
ber last, and that we must not be blinded to the fact
that the safety of our persons and property can only
be secured by the protection afforded to both by the
Chinese Government.

" After the execution had taken place, many of the
British residents deliberated upon the best means of
demonstrating to the Chinese how deeply they felt and
resented the insult offered to the community, and it
was at one time intended to have, cut down the British
flag-staff; but this being overruled, the address to the
Second Superintendent, of which we give a copy be-
low, was resolved on, and received the signature of
most of the British here, many signatures in our copy
being still wanting, as the paper had not finished its
circulation. Mr. Johnston has acceded to the request
that the British flag may not again be hoisted until
reference can be made to H. M. Chief Superintendent,
and the American, Dutch, and French Consuls have
also on applicMion agreed not to hoist their respective

flags this morning ; and a meeting of Americans now
in Canton was convened by their Consul this morning,
of which we shall give particulars below.
" For the present the not hoisting of the flags is the
only manner foreigners have to shew the Chinese that
they resent the insult offered them, and it remains for
Captain Elliot to determine whether his flag is to con-
tinue to fly in a public place of execution. The Chi-
nese, we understand, wish to make it appear that the
affair was not meant as an insult to strangers, as,
though the execution took place in front of the facto-
ries, yet the spot chosen was exactly opposite to Old
China-street;—this latter is a fact, but is merely a
quibble, and will be regarded worthless as such by
foreigners. The Chinese also concluded that the in-
sult was lessened by the body not being left at the
place of execution, but exposed afterwards in some
other place.

" We have thus merely stated the circumstances as
they happened, and refrain for the present to offer a
comment on these unhappy occurrences ; and it only
remains to say a few words about the culprit. This
unfortunate man was a native of Whampoa, and, when
in September last the Mandarins attempted to search
the houses there, is said to have been very active in
his opposition to the officers, and to have caused the
death of some. He afterwards made his escape, but
the Government having retained his father, mother,
and brother as hostages, and moreover offered a reward
of Sp. drs. 1,000 for his apprehension, he, to liberate
his relatives, gave himself up, receiving at the same
time the offered reward in money. He was conveyed
to the place of execution in a bamboo basket, and was
heard, whilst being carried through the streets, to ex-
claim that he was innocent. His name is Fung angan,
aged 34 years."
Later intelligence than the above has been received
from China, detailing the proceedings taken by the
Chinese authorities in reference to the trade in opium.
The public notice of Mr. Elliott, the chief superin-
tendent of the British trade with China, to the British
merchants, will be found in another column. From
that document we learn that he pledges himself, on be-
half of the British government, to make good the losses
which may be sustained by those British subjects who
shall deliver up, to the Chinese authorities, the opium
in their possession. The document is very dubiously
worded, inasmuch as it seems to promise protection to
those who seek to evade the laws of China by carrying
on a contraband trade. We trust that the attention of
government will be speedily directed to the delicate
posture of our commercial relations with China. The
magnitude of the interests involved in this branch of
our foreign trade requires that something should be
speedily done to place it on a more amicable footing.

We have received our usual files of the Jamaica
Royal Gazette, Standard, Despatch, and Gazette, to
the sth of July inclusive. The news from the island is
still of a gloomy and unfavourable character.
The Standard furnishes us with several particulars
respecting the failure of the crops. The following ap-
plies to the port of Lucea :—" Believing you desire au-
thentic information in all that can shew the real work-
ing of the system, good or bad, I have it in my power
to inform you, that the return called for at this port
from the sth of January to 31st May, 1838 and 1839,
shows a deficiency of ships cleared-2
Produce—Sugar. .. . 819 hhds. 88 trs. and 5 bls.
Rum .... 14,461 gallons
Ginger .. 86,356 lbs.
What will the bolsterers up of the present system of
mal-administration say to this lamentable deficiency in
the staple commodities at the port of Lucea ? It cer-
tainly gives the lie direct to the favourable reports sup-
plied by Baptist agitators and hireling spies !"
With reference to the parish of Manchester, the
Despatch of July sth, remarks :—" Our accounts from
the country by yesterday's post are most unfavourable.
We subjoin the following extract of a letter from Man-
chester—' Our labouring population are not working
well, and are demanding higher wages for their work ;
consequently large fields of coffee are in a state of
ruin. Had the government proclamation been more
widely circulated throughout the parish, it would have
done a great deal of good, as many negroes will say
they are informed that they are not to pay rent for
houses and grounds.'—Another correspondent, resid-
ing in another part of Manchester, after describing the
painful situation of affairs, remarks—' It is well to bring
all these facts before the public. Truth will be known
at last, though at the bottom of a well !—Our situation
is dreadful. Sound the alarm, or we are beggared.
Small as this crop is, not one half will be shipped next

year.'"

The Gazette furnishes us with the following un-
.-pleasant intelligence from the parish of St. George. It
appears that a few weeks previously to the date of the
Gazette, (June 29,) some proceedings had taken place
on Silver Hall, the property of John Fowles, Esq.
which terminated in the rescue of a woman who had
been made prisoner. Since that period matters had
been growing worse, calling for more than ordinary in-
terference on the part of the stipendiary magistrates.
The labourers refusing to work, and holding forcible
possession of the grounds and houses, the stipendiaries
were compelled to adopt strong measures. A body of
special constables were sworn in, and they, together
with the magistrates, proceeded to the estate, to en-
force obedience to the laws. They were met and re-
sisted by the labourers, who were armed with cutlasses,
&c., they had also prepared large heaps of stones, with
which they stoned the magistrates ; and we regret to
say, Mr. Hewitt received a severe blow on his head,
which called for medical assistance. They declared
they would pay no rent ; and asked the magistrates
what they would bring next ; that they might bring
soldiers, if they liked—but that they would be ready
for them. We believe the constables were obliged to
retreat ; and the particulars have been forwarded to the
Executive. The scene of riot and confusion that took
place, beggars description. Such proceedings are to
be deplored; and we trust Sir Lionel Smith will adopt
measures for the speedy punishment of the ringleaders.
The Gazette remarks that this is a most untoward affair
for the " Baptist parsons," who induced the labourers in
many districts to subscribe to resolutions, declaring it
to be a libel upon them to say that they ever wished to
retain the houses and grounds rent-free.
Respecting the general aspect of affairs in Jamaica,
the "liberal" Royal Gazette has the following very
strong language :

" Our unfortunate island is fast hurrying to destruc-
tion, and we fear no power, no. energy of government
will stay its course. In fact, cultivation on many es-
tates has ceased, and the prospect of ever carrying
them on as sugar properties abandoned. We have
however the still more afflicting intelligence to commu-
nicate, of Sir Lionel Smith living considered it neces-
sary to send a detachment of troops to Spring Hill
plantation, the proceedings on which we briefly alluded
to in our last. Thus, against all that has been set
forth, has this severe but necessary course been required
to be adopted to compel obedience to the laws.
"This, however, we fear is only a beginning of what
we may expect. The temporising and much too con-
ciliatory course, which has been adopted by many
managers to induce the people to remain upon the pro-
perties and work, will occasion much more trouble, than
where they have been strictly dealt with. From the
manner which things have been allowed to remain also
—from the disinclination of many to apply to the special
magistrates where justice has been administered so
partially, and knowing that there was no power to carry
the sentence of the law into execution, the worst con-
sequences may be expected to result.
" Such is the state of this island, that unless Go-
vernment at once takes the whole under its controul,
and acts with the utmost energy, there cannot be a
doubt that ere long this island, from being one of the
most valuable to the British Crown, will dwindle into
insignificance, and exhibit a melancholy picture of the
mistaken policy which has been adopted towards these
ill-fated and unfortunate colonies.

" We call upon the British Government to protect
the little property yet remaining, and to act with a
promptness which may give confidence to British sub-
jects residing here."

The Planters' Bank seems to be rapidly advancing
towards the commencement of its operations. On
this subject the Standard remarks :—" After what has
been already said in Favour of an institution of this
kind, it may be almost unnecessary to say anything
further : its advantages are as numerous as they are
important, and afford every promise of materially
assisting in the future cultivation of the soil, and thus
supplying a desideratum which the other banks, from

(1 , 1

their constitution, left perfectly unsatisfied. But, in
addition to its peculiar character of advancing money
upon crops, produce, lands, houses, and other pro-
perty, it is also to combine the more general business
of a bank of issue and deposit, so that those who may
necessarily be engaged with it on one account, will not
be obliged to carry their other transactions to another
market. The advantage of this arrangement, both to
the shareholders and to the public, is sufficiently appa-
rent; nor can we imagine for a moment that there is
not plenty of room still for its successful operation,
notwithstanding the extent of ground already occupied
by the other banks. As it has been said with great
truth, of Scotland in particular, but more or less of all
countries, so we believe it will yet be said of Jamaica,
i—What made Agriculture prosper, and Commerce
flourish, as well as otherwise developed many of the
still hidden resources of the country? JOINT-STOCK
BANKS ! !"

MANCHESTER.

(LATEST INTELLIGENCE.)
(From our own Correspondent)

THE CHARTISTS.-NATIONAL HOLIDAY.-INTIMIDATION.
COLLISION BETWEEN THE POLICE AND THE PEO-
PLE.-TWO POLICEMEN STABBED.-CAPTURE OF THE
LEADERS.

The chartists commenced their National Holiday, yester-
day, (Monday,) by assembling in different parts of the town
- at day break, and proceeding to the principal factories, where
they either turned out those at work, or prevented others
from going to work. Thus began the sacred week. The
walls of the town were placarded on Sunday evening with
bills, containing a resolution from the National Convention,
recommending a cessation from labour on the 12th instant.
This call was responded to by the deluded chartists, and had
it not been for the previous arrangements on the part of the
civil and military authorities, (which so far as they have
gone, are certainly deserving of credit,) there is little doubt
but that the work of demolition would have succeeded inti-
midation, and the life and property of the inhabitants would
have been placed in imminent peril. There is likewise great
credit due to the head constable, Mr. Beswick, for the prompt
and vigorous manner in which he, supported by the military,
suppressed the first out-break. The particulars will be best
gathered from the examination of the chartist leaders, at the
Borough Court, yesterday, before the Mayor, and a full
bench of magistrates.
Mr. Beswick stated, that about half-past five o'clock in
the morning, he received information that a number of per-
sons had collected together, and were going round to the
different mills, intimidating workmen, and preventing them
from working. He accordingly mustered a strong police
force, and they went to Mr. Massey's factory, in Gathome.
There he found that a mob of 200 had assembled, and they
were headed by the two prisoners in the dock, Barker and
Davidson. They were demanding admittance, and said if
they were not admitted, they would break the doors open.
He immediately dismounted from his horse, and laid hold of
the two prisoners, Davidson escaped at the time, but he gave
Barker into custody.
An Inspector stated, that Barker drew a dagger, and
stabbed a policeman, (Smith,) who was lying in a very dan-
gerous state in the Infirmary—that he also attempted to stab
policeman M'Cullen—and would have done so, if he had not
been prevented. The policeman in the Infirmary had re-
ceived several severe wounds in the belly.
The dagger was then produced—the blade is about ten
inches long, and there is an iron handle attached.
A woman from Mr. Shotty's mill, nearly opposite Mr.
Marsley's, was next examined, but she gave her evidence in
a very unwilling manner. She deposed that about six o'clock
a number of persons came to the mill, and said they wanted
the engine to stop. They got over the wall into the yard.
She did not see the prisoners there.
The Engineer said, that about six o'clock a mob, consist-
ing of upwards of 100, came to the mill. He advised them
to leave at first. They said he should stop the engine. He
said—" Let it be till Mr. Shotty comes, for it might get me
into trouble." They insisted that he should stop it, and he
did so.

Mr. MAUDE.—Did you do so from fear ?
Witness.—l did do so from fear, for they were coming over
the walls in great numbers, and I thought they would do
more damage if I did not. I saw them aftewards get over
the walls into Mr. Massey's factory. I was much agitated
at the time. When the engine stopped the hands turned out,
and followed to Mr. Marsley's mill.
Mr. MAUDE.—Where is Mr. Marsley's mill ?
Witness.—About 150 yards from the other two. Mr. Bea-
wick soon afterwards came up. Ido not recollect seeing the
prisoners there.
Mr. Higginbottom was next called. He said—l am the
manager of Mr. Marsden's mill. I was standing at the door
about six o'clock, and saw a number of men coming from the
Albion Mill Me th direction of ours. They demanded that the
engine should be stopped, and clambered on the walls and
said they would have the hands out, and the engine should
stop. They did not come into their yard, for the police then
came up. We did not stop our engine.
The prisoners declined saying anything. Barker was com-
mitted to take his trial, and Davidson was remanded.
