AMERICA.

THE UNITED STATES AND MEXICO.—A correspondence has
taken place between the President of the United States and the
Governor of Tennessee respecting the urgent request of Gene-
ral Gaines for American troops in order to carry on the war
against Mexico, to which General Jackson has replied by giv-
ing it a decided negative. "The obligations of our treaty. with
Mexico," says the President, "as well as the general principle
which governs our intercourse with foreign powers, require us
to maintain a strict neutrality in the contest which agitates a
portion of that republic. So long as Mexico fulfils her duties
to us, as they are defined by the treaty, and violates none of the
rights which are secured by it to our citizens, any act on the
part of-the government of the United States which would tend
to foster a spirit of resistance to the government and laws, what-
ever may be their character and form, when administered within
her own limits and jurisdiction, would be unauthorised and
highly improper. Should Mexico insult our
i national flag, in-
vade our territory, or interrupt our citizens n the lawful pur-
suits which are guaranteed to them by the treaty, then the go-
vernment will promptly repel the insult, and take speedy re-
paration for the injury. But it does not seem that offences of
this character have been committed by Mexico, or were believed
to have been by General Gaines." .

THE LAND OF LIBERTY AND LYNCH-LA w.—Mob violence
appears on the increase in the United States. A mob lately
entered the printing-office of the St. Louis Obserrer, a religious
paper. which advocated the abolition of slavery, and put the
editor to flight, besides breaking and demolishing his printing
apparatus; the same editor attempted to recommence the same
publication at a place called Alton ; but he was obliged to give
it up, after having his types destroyed and his presses turn to
atoms. At Cincinnati, a newspaper establishment, conducted
by a Judge Birrev, shared the same fate—destruction at the
hands of the mob. This party is represented as being a man of
considerable talent, whr) was formerly a resident in one of the
southern states, and a slaveholder at one time himself. In his
zeal for the abolition of slavery he had given freedom to his own
slaves, and spent considerable sums of money on the above pa-
per. These outrages appear to be discountenanced by all re- i
spectable persons in America—but, nevertheless, they continue
to exist.

To THE POINT bill for the organization of the militia,
being once under discussion in one of the state legislatures, a
member spoke to the point as follows;—Mr. Spaker ! when I
do speak, 1 come to the point. I think this ere proposition to
get organs all nonsense. I've been Cap'n six rears, and I know
—in fact, Mr. Speaker, I'm willing to assert it before heaven
and earth—that any good fife and drum are worth all the organs
in creation for the militia. I'm satisfied this is the point—and
therefore feel constrained to move that the organs for the mili-
tia be eternally postponed.—Claremont (N. H.) Eagle.
Letters from Dantzic and Stettin announce that 'very large
orders had been received there for wheat and flour fur America,
and that moat of the vessels had brought with them specie in
exchange.
Private accounts from New York mention the arrival there
of the ship Majestic from England. with specie to the amount
of nearly £200,000. on account of the United States Bank and
the government. This vessel was supposed to have been lost.

DEATH OF JOHN PONT), ESQ , THE ASTRONONIER.-011
Wednesday last died at ,his house, in Greenwich, John Pond,
Esq , Fellow of the Royal Society, a corresponding Member of
the French Institute, and an honorary member of most of the
astronomical societies in Europe. During a period of nearly
twenty-five years Mr. Pond filled the high and important office
of Astronomer Royal, from which a hopeless state of ill-health
obliged bim last autumn to retire; but his regret at quitting a
situation in the duties of which he had taken so deep an interest
war lessened on finding himself succeeded by one of the greatest
mathematicians of the age, Professor Airy, a philosopher emi-
nently qualified to maintain the character and uphold the dig-
nity of the appointment, to carry forward the improvements
introduced by his predecessor, and to extend the boundaries of
astronomical science.

It is stated that Mr. Alderman Pirie. who is a well-informed
and most respectable individual, will be the second Conserva-
tive candidate for the representation of the Town of Berwick,
should a dissolution of Parliament afford him an opportunity of
soliciting the suffrages of the burgesses.
THaBRITISH LEGION IN SPAIN.—The plain fact is, that the
Legion is not successful; and those who are at its head, dis-
pleased with themselves, and displeased with each other, catch
hold or any peg on which to hang the natural results of their
failure, and the consequent bitterness of spirit.—Courier. (The
truth at last: but, better late than never.")
The amount of insurance effected upon the property con-
sumed by
the recent fire in London was about £300.0-00; of
which the 0
la* Stm Protector, and Hand-in-Rand offices will
have to pay a considerable portion.
THE IPSWICH Itiiihßitt Casa —Mr. Pilgrim was liberated
from the King's Bench on Thursday, 'the Ist instant, the re-
mainder of his imprisonment having been remitted.—Norwich

ATMOPtiEntc AIR.—Dr.
that.....iatcid in the atmosphere,
his attcniion to the amount of eariZ3l:ll,o has for years turned
;aat•s that he has satisfied himself
that the quantiti, of
one part in I,ti7C• Ile is a!so opinjois, aiierat2e quantity is
this was in the atmosphere is constantly the
and that even in a crowded theatre it town and
Is rises to

enuil t EV,

~ sn lip linited States is 16,8')0,000
'[4-0';,"ei000

MANCHESTER MUSICAL FESTIVAL.

Abridged from the Manchester Guardian. of Thursday.

The second great musical festival of modern times in this
town commenced, we are happy to say, under the most favour-
aide auspices, on Monday last. As most of our readers are
aware, the former one, held in 1828, was so successful in its
results, and gave such general, we might say universal satis-
faction, that it was intended by the active promoters of that
festival that a similar one should be held septennially, and in
conformity with this determination, the next festival should
have been held in the autumn of last ve4r. 'Various circum-
stances, however, concurred to make it undesirable, and it was
determined at a public meeting, called for the consideration of
the subject, to hold the festival in the present autumn.
We cannot say too much of the unremitting exertions, the
irrepressible zeal, and admirable arrangements made by the
general committee and the various sub-committees.
The instrumental performers engaged, exclusive of the stars,
number 102, and the choristers 224, making a total of ❑early
400 performers in the orchestra. The first talent in the coun-
try was secured, both in the vocal and instrumental depart-
ments, as must be obvious from the enumeration. In the former
Madame Malibran de Beriot, Mrs. W. Knyvett, Madame
Caridori Allan, Mademoiselle Assandri, Mrs. H. It. Bishop,
Mrs. A. Shaw, Miss C. Novello, Mr. Braham, Signor Ivanoff,
Signor Lablache, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Machin, Mr. H. Phillips,
and Mr. Terraile; and in the latter department. Monsieur De
Beriot, as principal violin, Mundt, Lindley, Dragonetti,
Nicholson, Willman, and the most celebrated instrumental
performers in the kingdom. Sir George Smart was engaged as
conductor. Mr. F. Cramer was appointed leader of the morn-
ing performance, and Mr. Mori leader of the evening concerts.
Mr. Wilkinson, of Manchester, was fixed en as the organist.
The amount of the receipts, for tickets to the morning and
evening concerts and the dress and fancy balls, and for books of
words at all the performances, during the three days' sale at the
Grammar School, incindiug cash received at the Town Hall,
fur patrons' tickets was—
Friday. £5324 13 0
Saturday 3268 2 6
Monday about 2000 0 0

£10,592 15 6
On Monday the sales were only held in the morning till ten
o'clock, and by the excellent arrangements all confusion and
pressure was avoided. Without vouching for more than the
general accuracy of our statement, we may state that Tuesday's
sales exceeded £lOOO, and that the gross sum which had been
paid into the bank by the treasurer, up to Tuesday evening,
was £11,600.

The amount was further increased yesterday, by the sales at the
Town-hall, by at least £7OO. We think, therefore, we have a
right to anticipate that the receipts of the present festival will
at least equal those of the festival of 1828. More it is impossi-
ble for any one to venture to say at present.
Monday morning was ushered in with the various signs of
rejoicing which in large towns like Manchester generally mark
festive occasions. Flags waved from the towers and steeples of
the various churches, the bells in some of which rang merry
peals. The weather assumed a more settled state, and all looked
bright and joyous on the opening of this great festival celebra-
tion, The numerous arrivals of equipages from all the great
roads into the toss n, and the crowds of pedestrian visitors that
continually poured into the town from all parts presented a very
animated and bustling scene. Amongst the visitors who have
obtained tickets for the various performances are the principal
nobility and gentry of all the surrounding districts of Lanca-
shire, Cheshire, Yorkshire, and Derbyshire.
The first general rehearsal was held on Monday morning, at
nine o'clock, at the Collegiate Church, Sir George Smart super-
intending the necessary arrangements. There was also a gene-
ral rehearsal the same evening of many of the pieces to be
played at the concerts.

GRAND FLORAL AND HORTICULTURAL MEETINGS.
The festal proceedings of the week commenced on Monday
with a grand floral and horticultural exhibition, in the large
room of the Town-ball, for the benefit of the public charities.
The display of green-house plants was not so good as has been
witnessed on former occasions; but the dahlia and fruit show
was splendid. Upwards of forty silver cups were contended for
in dahlias, fruits, and vegetables. The proceeds, from the
crowded state of the room, must have been handsome.

THE DRESS BALL,
At the A ssembl y-rooms, on Monday evening, was well attended.
The company began to assemble soon after eight o'clock, and
dancing commenced about half-past nine with great spirit.
Nearly seven hundred ladies and gentlemen were present,
amongst whom we observed his Serene Highness the Duke of
Brunswick and suite, many of the patrons and their ladies.
Adams's celebrated quadrille band, from Almack's, London,
was in attendance, and performed in excellent .style various
quadrilles and waltzes, including those from the " Siege of
Rochelle," several of which, viz. Adams's Archers, La Boothia,
and Victoria, were repeated by desire. Dancing continued till
about three o'clock, when the company separated highly de-
lighted with the evening's amusement.

FIRST MORNING'S PER
The first performance of sacred music took place at the Col-
legiate Church on Tuesday morning. The town presented an
animated scene. The streets in the vicinity of the church were
crowded with spectators, the festival being a subject of comsi-
derable interest with all classes of the inhabitants of Manches-
ter, while vehicles tilled with elegantly dressed company were
rolling in every direction towards the rend focus of attraction.
Owing to the excellent arrangements or the committee, and the
activity of the constables, the avenues were kept comparatively
free; and no accident, and indeed very little confusion as far
as we are aware, occurred.
The whole of "The Creation" was this morning performed.
The height of the Collegiate Church is not sufficient for the
proper dispersion of sound, when excited in such vast volume
as that created by the united exertion of a band and chorus con-
siting of nearly 400 individuals. There is a consequent heavi-
ness, and as it were a crowding of the harmonious upon the ear.
Such as it is, however, we must perforce be satisfied, and, if
possible, content with it.

The performance opened, as will be seen above, with Att-
wood's 'Coronation Anthem." It is a bold martial composi-
tion, and enabled the auditory to hear at once the superb effect
of a full combination of all the power engaged in the orchestral
and choral departments. It was sung and played with great
spirit.
The instrumental introduction to "The Creation," generally
known by the name of the "Chaos," was as finely played as
ever it was our good fortune to hear it. Mr. Machin's clear,
manly voice told very effectively in the opening recitative, "In
the beginning," and the grand crash of voices and instruments
in the chorus, at "'There was light," was magnificent. In the
air " Now banish," the voice of Mr. Bennett told remarkably
well. In the recitative "And God made the firmament," Mr.
Phillips did not appear to be quite at home. Mrs. Knyvett
sang, with her accustomed chasteness, the air, "The marvel-
lous work." Mr. Braham sang the recitative " And God said,"
with the air that follows, in a most extraordinary manner. If
age has not repressed his fire, it appears, at the same time, to
have done but little towards maturing his judgment. His sing-
ing. although redolent of his early beauties, afforded convincing
proof that his most glaring faults were retained in all their
freshness. Ile, in parts of the composition, shouted and bel-
lowed as awfully as when attempting to bring down thunders of
applause from the "gods," who reign paramount at the Thee-
tres-roval of the metropolis. But, then, to counterbalance this
and to show that he is capable of better things, we never heard
the words, "A giant proud and glad, to run his measured
course," sung with more chastened energy and feeling; and
" Steps on the silver moon," &c., was enunciated with abeauty
of expression that evinced his full mastery over the feelings of
the auditory. In his best days we never heard him sing these
passages more effectively or with greater pathos. Ile was not
perfectly in tune throughout this piece, but that has ever been
the case with Braham when tryint, to outdo himself.
Madame Caradoi i Allan sang "'On Mighty Pens" with great
taste and pathos, and with a clearness and brilliancy of execu-
tion that left nothing to be wished.
The trio, " Most Beautiful Appear" was very charmingly sung
by Miss C. Novello, Mr. Bennett, and Mr. Machin.
The second part of the morning performances opened with
a selection from Mozart's Requiem. The first chorus " Sanctus !
Sanctus!" was very effectively given ; and the "Benedictus,"
one of the most magnificent of Mozart's nnmerous and almost
equally magnificent efforts, had so striking an effect that it was
by desire repeated. The effect of the trombones in this piece
was superb, Ivanoff acquitted himself very satisfactorily, but
Lablache, to our thinking., was rough and overpowering.
In the next air, "Holy, Holy," from Handel's Redemption,
Madame Malibran was introduced for the first time. She was,
we regret to say, indisposed, having had a fainting fit a short
time previously to the commencement of her song. It never-
theless appeared to give great satisfaction to the audience. She
sung with great feeling, but under evident deprivation of a por-
tion of her powers. We certainly think we have heard this
well known and deservedly favourite air better sung, and we
hear from those who have often heard Malibran in the same
piece, that she never gave less effect to it than on this occasion.
In Cimarosa's Recitative and Air, Malibran appeared to have
in some measure recovered her powers. She sang with extreme
feeling, combined with peculiar lightness and delicacy. It was
on the whole a most gratifying performance.
The church was tolerably well attended, though by no means
filled. There were probably a thousand persons in the body of
the church, 750 in the patrons gallery, 600 in the side galleries,
and not more than 200 in the choir, making a total of about
2550; though, as this is nothing more than a rough estimate
we, of course, do not say that it is an exact one,
