COLONIAL INTELLIGENCE.

By his Majesty's packet Renard, we have received papers
and advices from Jamaica to the sth of July, from Barbadoes
to the 28th of June, and from Demerara to the 20th of June,
with a few corresponding dates from the other islands to the
leeward. Generally, these accounts are of a very barren nature,
and it is supposed from some mistake as to the day of sailing
of the Renard packet., that the few letters which have been re-
ceived from our West Indian colonies is to be ascribed. From
Jamaica we learn, not only by the journals, but also by the
private letters, that the apprentices were improving in their
conduk, and the crop would turn in a small degree better than
was anticipated. Complaints appear to have been of some
petty thefts of produce having been committed by some of the
apprentices; but it does not seem to have gone beyond the
amount of crime committed during the era of actual slavery.
The prospect of the establishment of a steam navigation be-
tween this country and her West Indian possessions had excited
much hope in the island of Jamaica, and a railroad was in con-
templation between Kingston and Spanish Town. Great in-
terest was also taken in the establishment of the colonial bank.
From Grenada and the smaller Leeward Islands we have no
nets. A drought of a few days extent had taken place in the
former island.
From Barbadoes we learn that the colonial assembly met on
the 20th of June, on which occasion the governor, Sir Lionel
Smith, had, in the usual inaugural address, congratulated the
general assembly of the island UOOO its tranquility, and, not-
withstanding the severity of the early part of the session, ex-
pressed hopes of an average cro Ife complained of a class of
small proprietors who used thenp. -apprentices with-undue seve-
rity ; and, after praising the ministers of religion for their duty,
coacluded by remarking that the changes now working in the
social condition of the apprentices, deserved the utmost con-
sideration, and his Excellency the Lieu.-Governor had address-
ed a circular to the planters, enclosing blank forms for returns
of the conduct and condition of the negro apprentices on every
serequired toparate esta
be made eve
ry by
three orde the Governor-General, he
From Demerara to the 28th the accounts are of a favourable
character; and in most of the colonies, particularly the Lee-'
the part of
ward Islands, there is a manifestation of desire upon
the apprentices to buy out their time.
Our advices from the Canadas reach to the 20th ult. Politi-
cally speaking, their contents are not of much importance; the
popular feeling in the upper province was subsiding, and as the
elections had closed, it was not anticipated to be easily_ fer-
mented again. The united presbyterian synod of Upper
Canada had presented an address to Sir F. B. Head, expressive
of their loyalty and attachment to their sovereign William IV,,
and of their confidence in the administration of Sir I. B.
Head, and his open desire to reform all true abuses; that
through his exertions tranquillity to the province may be re-
stored to the public mind, and stability and success to com-
mence and agriculture, and that men might fear God, honour
the King, and love one another. This admirable address is
signed by " C. Nicholl, Moderator," and " William Smart,
C'erk." In the lower provinces the dry weather still continued,
and the crops had suffered, and further shipments of bonded
grain from England were looked for. The exportation of tirn-
ber from Canada to Great Britain this 3'ear would amount, it
was said, to 60,000 pieces, as compared with the shipments of
last year. The freshets on the St. Lawrence had been so in-
considerable that great quantities of lumber would not reach
the outports. The railroad from Quebec to St. Andrews, New
Brunswick, was anticipated to be completed; it is to be 250
miles in length, and government had promised a large sum out
of the laud revenues towards the expenses. Since the last ac-
counts, about 2,000 emigrants had arrived out, making, during
_nth_is,.season, an amount of about 19,000 new settlers from Great
Britain arid Ireland.ofTi_he
_.}rni Bahama legslature have passed a bill for the abolition
}rye e
ametrii,t for debt.
§YaneY New es, which reao'.od Falmouth on Thursday from
TON of April, Southci,,l Wales, from whence she sailed on the
passengers. yrevi,,uassitice I; oldies and his lady have come as
he was forced to do fronol ,SNillr. Forbes quitting the colony, which
devotion to his arduous auti health, atter 12 years unremitting
u, addresses were presented to him
by the members of the bar,
the inhabitants, expressive so7.et,..as L.'y a numerous body of
high respect for his cha-
racter, and regret at the Justice whichiihis departure was attri-
butable. The Hon. Mr. Doss ling to the office
of Chief Justice during the absence ot
dition to .his salary of 4:500 a year, and m Forbes, with an ad-
r. ustice Buxton acts
