THEATRE-ROYAL, LIVERPOOL.

R. CLARKE, Acting -Manager, most respectfully an-
nounces that his BENEFIT will take place on MONDAY
next, September 3, on which occasion the following Me-
tropolitan Performers will sustain principal ;Characters in
the Entertainments of the ereoitlg:—Mii. VANDEN-
HOIT and MISS VANDEN HOFF; who have kindly
volunteered their services, being positively their last ap-
pearance here this season. ME. HARLEY,. being the
second week of his engagement. MR. KEELEY, and
MRS. KEELEY, who-will contulenee-an• engagement of
Ten Nights, on this Evening; and MR. F..WNING.

fAN MONDAY • next, September 3, will.. be 'performed a
lJ Comedy,.not acted here these two_years,_called the
PROVOKED HUSBAND;_
ott, A JOURNEY-TO LONDON:
Lord Townley Mr. Vandenhoff.
Squire Richard, Mr. Keeley, his first appearance.this season.
John Harley.
Sir Francis Wronghead, Mr. Granby; Mr. Manly, Mr.
Chaplin : Count Basset, Mr. W. Howard; Myrtilla, Mrs.
E. Benwell.
Lady Townly -(first time)....Miss Vanden.hoff.
Miss Jenny (With a song) Mrs. Keeley,
her first appearance this season.
Lady Grace ..(on this occasion)..Miss Faucit.
Lady Wronghead c Mrs' Clarke.
To which will be added; the Farce of
LOAN OF A LOVER.
Peter Spyk ..Mr.
,Keeley
Ernestine Rossendaal • Miss Cleaver.
Gertrude (with songs) ....Mrs. Keeley.
To conclude with a Farce,' not acted, here for Eight Years,
called
HIGH LIFE .BELOW STALE':

As revived last year at the Theatre-Royal, Covent-Garden.
My Lord Duke's Servant Mr. 'F. Vining.
Sir Harry's Servant.... Mr. Harley. •
As performed by them at the Coyent-Garden Theatre.
Lovel Mr. Baker.
Philip (with a song) ....Mr. G. Horncastle.
Mrs. Kitty Mrs. Clarke.
Lady Bab Mrs. Tellet.
Lady Charlotte Mrs. Baker;
Incidental to the Piece,,
A GALOPADE BY THE CHARACTERS.
Tickets to be bad of Mr. CLARKS, No. 1,. Houghton-
street, Williamson7square ' • and of-Mr. PA [MILLI, at-the Box
Office, where Places may be taken from Ten until Three.

This. Day is Published, in boards, Sys). with four Lithogra-
phic Plates, price 2s.
A COMPLETE and PRACTICA L. SYSTEM of
lA_ SHORT-HAND. By T. C. FosTatt, .Professional
Short-hand Writer, and iteNirt:er for the LtvkatrooL
STANDARD.

London : WHITTAKER and Co. Liverpool STANDARD
OFFICE, and MARPLES. Manchester,: .SOWLER, and all
Booksellers.

TO CORRESVONDENTS;
We cannot insert the communication of " G. R." respecting
the controversy between Mr. Grubb and Mr. Adland. No
doubt the late farce was a preconcerted affair. • The paid
advocates of the Tee-total humbug know best what " con-
sideration" was determined upon as a preliminary to the
• discussion.

Zbe tiberpool g.Ltanbarb.

TUESDAY MORNING, AUGUST 28, 1838.

(:*' The Publication of the 'STANDARD commenced this
morning at 5 o'clock.

By the Wilton Wood, arrived from Monte Video
yesterday, (sailed 24th June,) we learn that-the block-
ade was not laised at the time she- left,- but that it was
likely the Buenos Ayreans-would declare war against
the French. Admiral Brown had been- called again
into service, and a squadron was fitting .outreiglits
for England were---Salt hides 50s. per ton ; Tallow,
705.; Bales 405. ; Bones 40s. Exchange at 44.

NATIONAL EDUCATION.—The combination of schem-
ing political Dissenters, Papists, and avowed Infidels,
who have already been at such pains in agitating the
country on the subject of national edireation, and who
have succeeded in persuading some 'of the cabinet mi-
nisters to join in advocating their absurd nostrum, seem
determined to spare no exertion in order to carry their
destructive plans into execution. The object of these
parties, however it may be disguised under specious
pretensions, is to unchristianise the land—to establish
a system of education which instils no reverence for
religion, and which is based upon a spirit of sceptical
indifference. The fruit -of such a systein, they well
knosw from experience, Would be a general disregard
of the value and utility of thoie institutions in church
and state which at present oWe'their'suriport,to the at-
tachment which is so generally felt for tlie'EStablished
Church of England. The cunning Unbelievers, who
are most active in promoting the 'modern scheme for
establishing a system of national instruction which
shall pay no more deference to Chrislianiffthan to
'Heathenism or Mahommedanism, are hilly aware that,
if they can only succeed in banishinglhetible from
our national'schools, there will be little difficulty here-
after in inducing the people of these"realnis to forget
those precepts of the Bible whichinaulcate habits of
order and subordination—which uphold the authority
of the civil law,- and tender Inialty a' religiobs duty.
We do not hesitate to denounce the Scherne .as` one es-
sentially-infidel in its tendency and in its
objects... We are the more convinced or this; seeing
that the most active partisans of the °S.kitenfare men
who make a mockery of religion, and' Vitet'afe loud in
their praises of a deme,taticai forin ..orgra:ernment.
The object of these men 'is essentially difftirent from
that of the Papists, who are, nevertheleSS, found co-
operating with them. The Popish priests avail them-
selves of the scheme for the sake of quenching the
light of scriptural knowledge, which is now so widely
spread throughout the• land, and thus preparing the
way for the imposition of,the badge of spiritual slavery
upon the people of England. Superstition. and igno-
rance are twin sisters; and it is, and always has been,
the policy of the Church of 'Rome to seek to, degrade
the intellect as a preparatory step-to the, exercise of its
spiritual tyranny. The state of Spain and Portugal,
and of other continental nations, shows hut too plainly
the condition to which Romanism would reduce the
population of this kingdom; and a knowledge of the
misery which pervades those countries should urge US
to oiler the most UncomprOmising resistance to the
schemes of the national education-mongers—seeing
that those schemes have received the apprc.)bation of
the Popish priests.
We heartily rejoice to find that
,the friends of the
Established Church have been, at length,. convinced of
the necessity of more combined efforts in,resisting the
plans of the factious clamourers for national. 'education
on anti-scriptural principles. A society has been re-
cently formed, under the title of the "Lay Union for
the defence of the Established Church, on the subject
of the education of the poor." Such a society is cal-
culated to be of immense benefit. It will strengthen
the hands of the clergy in their struggle against their
infidel and Popish antagonists, and.afford a ,rallying
point for the friends of scriptural education., The
principal objects contemplated by this society are, the
perpetuity of a system of instruction whicbainns rather
at the formation of the moral character .of-.thepeoPle
than at the development of the intellectual •powers,
and.the inculcation of that knowledge vviricli "maketh
wise to salvation" as the basis of every species of hu-
man study. In prosecuting
.their labours they will
necessarily have to encounter much opposition, esPe"
cially from the gentlemen of the " Central Society 01.
Education," who have been indefatigable in barren-
guing the public on the supposed benefits of their
"no.bible" system of tuition: With respect to this
society, which is composed of a mongrel union a
" men of all denominations," and which has been ren-
dered chiefly remarkable by the violent politics of its
leading members, the " Lay Union" have the follow-
ing remarks in their recently printed address :—" F'lve
years have elapsed since . the self styled liberal party
commenced their exertions. for the introduction f
their system of education. I. is impossible to deny
that during that time, owing to the,inertness of
Chris-
tians in general, they have made considerableadvance
towards their end. They have succeeded, during three
se
sessions, in prevailing on the, House Of Commons to
'grant them committees, before which witnesses were
