FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRANCE.
- The Paris papers of Thursday contain no news of import-
ance. Marshal Soult arrived in Paris on Wednesday even-
ing in excellent health. It was reported that a grand enter-
tainment would be given to, him by the French army, but
there was no such matter in contemplation. ,He attended a
meeting of the cabinet on Thursday (under the Presidency
of the King), and made an official report of the manner in
which he had acquitted himself of his mission to England.
The opposition papers complain loudly of the unceremo-
nious entry .of the police into private dwellings, printing-
offices, and their uncontrolled license in opening
bureaus, writing desks, reading of correspondence and other
documents, and other violations of individual liberty. The
ministerial papers attempt no apology for the practice, nor
show that in any case the agents of government had acted on
positive information. The proceeding had, however, become
of such frequent occurrence, and the existence of treasonable
societies was so generally believed, that the public appeared
to take those steps of the police us matters of course, and
paid them no attention.
It is said in Paris that some pieces and documents of great
importance have been taken by one of the employes of the
Minister of Foreign Affairs (Count Mole"), and sold by him
to certain foreign diplomatists at 1, ow francs the letter. It
is added that a part of the correspondence of M. Sebastiani
and of M. Biesson, relative to the affairs of Belgium, has
thus been made public to the Northern Courts.

SPAIN.
. The usual daily express from Madrid had not arrived in
Paris on Thursday. Additional letters from. Estella of the
25th ult. had been received. They only repeated that an
attack by the Christiuos was momentarily expected, and
that prayers were daily offered up in that town for the suc-
cess of the Carlist a rms. A. M. Techo, a lawyer, who, strange
to say,
_had been Minister of War of Don 'Carlos, resigned
that office on the 24th, after a warm altercation with General
Maroto.
The French government received the following telegraphic
despatch from Narbonne on Thursday evening:—" Ad-
vices from La Sett d'Urgel of the 30th. ult., state that the
insurgents, who had sought refuge in the episcopal palace of
Solsona, had been obliged to capitulate. Their commander,
Mondeden, and two other chiefs were killed—. Count d'Es.
pagne has retired towards the Torregassa."

COLONIAL INTELLIGENCE.

NEW SOUTH WALES.
Sydney papers to the 12th of April have been received.
It appears that the colony was progressing tranquilly, but
great complaints continued to be made of the want of labour-
ing assistants, and a Public meeting was about to be convened
to devise some practicable and speedy plan of supplying the
necessities of the wealth of the colony has; however, indnced
the colonists to agree in one opinion, that their pressing
exigencies must be met by an immediate importation of coolies
from India. So sanguine were the cultivators of the soil,
and the flock-masters generally, that this will be the only
remedy for the demand for agricultural labours, that they
have already entered into calculations upon the benefits which
they may acquire by this new species of slavery. The fol-
lowing extract from the Sydney Herald bespeaks the senti-
ments of the colonists, who in their appeal to the governor,
Sir George Gipps, claim to be remunerated for the loss they
sustain by the deficiency of convict labour, by asking their
government countenance for the importation of the innocent
hill coolies of the East Indies.
" It is said that £lOO would-defray the cost of landing ten
coolies at Sydney, This is not a great sum; and were every
flock master in the colony to do this an immediate and great
relief would be afforded to the labour market. Let the sheep-
owners unite at once, and arrange with mercantile houses in
Sydney connected with houses in India for the importation
of a few for every establishment in the colony, as an experi-
ment, and should it be found to succeed, which we have no
doubt it will, an abundant source of labour will be opened to
the coloney, within a reasonable distance, and at a cheap

rate."
The Sydney paper dwells with much rapture upon the pros-
pects which this new scheme will afford to the colony, but
the writer seems so used to the presence of convict slavery
that it does not appear that the importation of these hill
coolies will he at all obnoxious to their individual feelings.
They seem to be looked upon as mere experimental machines,
to be used for the benefit of those who hold lands in those
colonies, which experiment it is to be hoped that the govern-
ment at home will in shame not countenance. A joint-stock-
sheep company had been formed at Sydney, which had com-
menced operations by buying 877 sheep. The accounts which
had arrived at Sydney from South Australia represent that
disputes continue to prevail between the governor and resi-
dent commissioner of lands respecting some applications,
particularly onevear the Government House, but it appears
that. the Advocate General Stephen and Judge Jickling were
opposed to the commissioners' decision.
At Sydney flour was 19s. perloolbs., and second ditto 165.;
' colonial wheat 7s. per bushel, and Van Diemen's Land wheat
Bs. per bushel.

Emperial

HOUSE OF COMMON S.--IVE nNEsDA Y.
Mr. H ME presented petitions from the licensed victuallers
and retail beer sellers of Salford, against any alteration in

the beer bill -
Mr. P. Ttiomsorr presented several petitions from congre-
gations of Wesleyan Methodists of Manchester,
.against
idolatrous practices in India. .
In answer to a question by Mr. WALLACE, Mr. C. Woon
said, that it was the business of the Post-office department
to say whether advantage would be taken of steam commu-
nication with New York for carrying mails.
Mr. HOME inquired whether the right hon. gentlemr.n had
made any progress in establisbipg a registry for money

letters.
Mr. IncE said that a plan was about to be carried into ef-
fect, under which an office would.be established for the regis-
tration of letters; but it would be impossible to undertake
the responsibility or sums of money contained in letters of
which the Post-office could not be cognizant. At the same
time the private money order office should he abolished, and
a better mode established for individuals contracting with the
Post-office fur the conveyance of money letters:
STEAM COMMUNICATION WITII INDIA.
Lord NV. BENTINCK presented.several petitions from Cal-
cutta, Madras, and Ceylon, in favour hf a direct communica-
tion by steam from the Red Sea to the several presidencies
of India and Ceylon. The noble lord then said that be would
avail himself of the present opportunity to ask his right hon.
friend the President of the Board of Control, what measures
had been taken by the Court of Directors to extend steam
communication to all the presidencies, and whether the East
India Company had deemed it expedient to increase the
number of its armed steam-vesselsiu the Indian seas.
Sir J. C. HOBHOUSE stated, in reply, that the recommen-
dation of the committee which had sat upon the subject of
steam navigation to India had been, that the experiment
should be made to Bombay, but not to the other two presi-
dencies. It was his opinion, however, that, whenever the
opportunity served, the experiment should be extended, not
only to Bombay, but also to Madras and Calcutta. Since he
had last made a communication to the house on the subject,
the • directors . had built several very fine steam-vessels for
themselves, and had also purchased several others; -and,
without promising too much, he thought that in a compara-
tively short time he should he able to state formally to the
house what they had done in that respect. The noble lord
had put into'his hands returns, which showed what had been
done already for establishing steam communication with In-
dia. If his noble fiend would move for -those returns, or
would allow him to move for them, they should be laid on the
table forthwith.
The committee of ways and means was postponed till Fri-
day by the Chancellor of
_the Exchequer.
Lord Howls:is moved that the militia ballotsuspension bill
re committed.
Iu answer to Mr. HUME,' who expressed a hope that before
Lhe next session of parliament government would take those
aws into consideration, with a view to their immediate aboli-

Lion,
Lord HOWICK observed, that his noble friend the Secretary
of State was quite aware of the necessity which existed for
revising the militia laws. His noble Mend would have un-
dertaken the task before now, had he not been prevented by
the pressure of other more important measures.
The bill was then committed. The report was ordered to
be received to-morrow.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER brought up the re-
ports of the committee on the transfer of funds (War-office)
bill, and on the joint stock banks bill. They were received,
and the bills ordered to be read a third time to-morrow.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER obtained leave to
bring in a bill to continue for one year, and to amend the act
' Ist of Victoria, c. 59, relative to the Bank of Ireland.
The bill was read a first, and ordered to be read a second
time on Thursday.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER gave notice, that on
Friday next he should move for leave to bring in a bill to re-
peal the 41 per cent, duties.
The house adjourned at half-past five o'clock.

HOUSE OF LORDS.—Tuonsna v.
The LORD CHANCELLOR took his seat on the woolsack at
five o'clock.
A message from the Commons brought up the militia ballot
suspension bill, the Dublin police bill, the forms of pleading
bills, which were read a first time. •
Several petitions were presented by the Earl of CARLISLE,
Lord Brun:Guam' &c.
The Earl of SHAFTESBORY, the Earl of ABINGDON, the
Earl of CHARLEVILLE, the Bishop of HEREForto, and seve-
ral other peers, were deputed to confer with the Commons
Sheriffs' Court (Scotland) bill.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY felt it necessary again to
call the attention of the house to the state of the magistracy
of the county of Down. There were on the commission 190
magistrates, and allowing 25 to have died, not less than 50
had been erased from the commission. Out of 20 to whom
he alluded on a former occasion, eight had been restored.
Why, he asked, had they been dismissed at all? Mr. Corry's
case he had already failp alluded to. He believed the charge
against him to have been totally unfounded, and must say
that he had been treated in a highly improper manner, and
that the, case reflected the greatest discredit on the noble and
learned lord opposite. Ile- moved that all correspondence
between Mr. Corry and the Irish government be laid on the
table. The-next case to which he wished to call the attention
of the case, Was that of the Rev. Holt Waring, who had
been dismissed from the commission merely because there
was an orange flag hoisted on the church. That could not be
construed into a breach of the peace. The next case was
that of the Rev. Mr. Sampson; and if ever there was a case
which ought to have been excepted, it was that of the rev.
gentleman whose name he had just mentioned.
The registration of electors bill was read a second time.
The recovery of tenements bill went through committee. The
insane persons (England) hills was read a seceind time. The
The loan societies (Ireland) bill, the fisheries (Ireland) bill,
and the public records bill went through committee.
Lord GLENELG laid upon the table copies of the papers
moved for on Tuesday respecting the kingdom of Oude.
Adjourned.

I-1011Sr, OF COMMONS.--TIMIZSDAY.
The SPEAKER took the chair at four o'clock.
After the presentation of several petitions, on the order of
the day for the report on the private bills and deposit bill
being read.
Mr. P. TitomPsoN said its object was, that deposits on
public works, instead of being placed in the hands of the
clerk of the horse. should lie cOinniitted.to an officer cLeatcd
ceired.

The Slave Trade (Sicily) Bill• was read a third time and
passed. •
The Slave Trade (Tuscany). Bill was also read a third

time and passed.
The Transfer of Funds (War-office) wits read a third time
and passed.
The Affirmation of Oaths Bill was read a second time, and
ordered to be committed.
_ _ _

The Militia Pay Bill was read a second time, and ordered
to he committed.
The Stainp Dies Bill and the Valuation (Ireland) Bill were
also read a second time; and ordered to be committed. •
The Forms of Pleading Bill Was read a third time and
passed.
The- Joint-Stock Banks Bill was read a third time and
passed.

MUNICIPAL CORPORATIONS (IRELAND).
Lord JOHN RUSSy.LL moved the order of the day for the
consideration of the lords' amendments in the Irish Corpo-
rations Bill. In doing so, he would first state the course he
intended to pursue. He bad not to go over the ground which
he was obliged to do in 1836, as the house of lords had con-
curred i n adopting the principal of municipal corporations.
They had admitted the principle, but the lords had made many-
most important amendments to the bill. When he said that
the principle of the bill had been adopted by the other house,
there his satisfaction stopped—(hear)—for he could nut
think the bill in its present, shape could be satisfactory to
Ireland. (Hear.) The house of lords had expunged no less
than 26 classes, and added 92 new clauses to the measure,
and that great 'alteration was made in a debate which did not
occupy more than six hours. He should propose that that
house require a conference with the lords, to ask for the rea-
sons which induced their lordships to make such important
alterations in the bill, and also to request that these altera-
tions might be further considered and discussed. The noble
lord then said it became his duty to call the attention of the
house to the alterations made by the other house. The first
was the alteration in the 4th dense, which affected the right
of freemen voting in the election of members of parliament.
Ile considered the alteration made in this clause of a very
suspicious character: It was conferring a right on individu-
als to vote who were not entitled to the elective franchise.
Sir R. PEEL: No, no.
Lord Joust RUSSELL: The right honourable baronet says,.
No, that was not the intention or meaning; he (Lord John
Russell,)therefore, trusted the right honourable baronet would
not object to the insertion of certain words, to make the clause
plain.—(Hear.) It appeared to him, in the numerous amend-
ments which had been made by the lords, that there existed
a studied design to keep corporate tights and privileges in the
hands of their present possessors.— (Hear.) Now, theobject
of introducing, a corporate reform was to take these trusts out
of the hands of those who had preyed themselves unworthy of
their trust.—(Hear, hear.) Ile hadequally strong objections
to the amendments made for the regulation of charity trus-
tees. By the 88:h clause, there was 'a very singularpower re-
served to trustees for lighting.and paving the town. Amend-
ments had also been made for the regulation of trust property,
• which never could he effective. In the year 1836, the house
of lords, in. an address to the crown, expressed their willing-
ness to correct abuses in corporations in Ireland; and the
remedy that house proposed was to abolish them altogether
In the 180th clause,. an amendment had been made, which.
cut at the very principle of the bill. It conferred on town-
clerks, bailiffs, chamberlains, and other corporate officers, the
right of retaining their respective offices, the same as if this
act had not been passed. It was, in his opinion, confirming
the right of officers in now existing boroughs, whose corpora-,
tions were to be abolished by the bill, the right of demanding
their emoluments. He thought this altogether altered the
principle of the bill. Ile thought the house of lords wished
to preserve the powers of the old corporations, and limit the
powers of the new--(Hear, hear.) That, :he thought, was
the narrow-minded view which their lordships had taken of
the subject.—(Hear.) He wished to give to Ireland corpo-
rations in such a liberal sense that the inhabitants would take.
an interest in the local management of their affairs. He
wished, above all, things not to create political bodies, or give.
political power to any tarty. There are many other altera-
tions which had been made in the hill, hut to which -he did
not think it would be necessary to raise any strong objection.
The amendment which limited the granting of corporations'
to the twelve largest towns, and leaving it optional on other
towns to accept a charter of incorporation, was, in his
opinion, objectionable; but not so much so as to call for any
particular remark, as it might before conveniently discussed
hereafter. Most important alterations had been made in the
elective franchise. Ten pounds rent had been inserted as a
qualification instead of £5. The lords bed also made it ne-
cessary that the party claiming a vote should have occupied
the premises for twelve months, instead of six months, as was
agreed to by the house of commons after a long debate. These
were important alterations, and would require the most seri-
ous consideration. He should propose to disagree to all the
provisions which conferred privileges and powers not en-
joyed under the English Corporation Act.—(Hear, hear.)
tie should propose, therefore, when they came to those
clauses, that the Commons disagree with-them. With re-
spect to the giving of corporations to a certain number of
towns, and leaving it optional to others, he should not pro-
pose to disagree with. (Hear.) He thought also words
might be introduced into various clauses which would render
the machinery of the bill less cumbersome. With respect
to the municipal boundaries and the division of wards, he
should also propose a clause. The clause relating '0 chari-
ties he should move that it be restored to the bill in the same

Stfite as when the measure left the House of Commons.
With respect to the franchise, lie considered that he had
high outtioritiena-fur tlset itought to bo-lower in Ire-
land than in England.. The noble lord then said, that he
must detain the house at some length on the subject of the
value of property in Ireland. He considered the test of
rating a bad criterion for ascertaining the value of property.
If he did not insist upon retaining the original qualification
of the House of Commons, yet he did not think it would be
wise to adopt that of the House of Lords. (Hear.) Wishing
to find some better test of franchise, he should propose that
a person rated at £8 per year should be declared entitled to
the exercise of the elective franchise. If persons were rated
at £B, it was only fair to suppose that they were of the annual
value of £lO and upwards. He could not see the justice of
making the franchise higher in Ireland than in England and
Scotland. (Hear.) He made this pfoposition to increase
the franchise, under the hone that the question of municipal
reform in Ireland, which kid been debated so long and fre-
quently in parliament for a number of yeara, might he brought
to a satisfactory and amicable arrangement. (Hear.) He
