THE ROOMS AFTER NINE O'CLOCK.

As caterers to the public, we were arnicithe—throng of
" characters" shortly after nine o'clock. The difference of
effect, referable to the lights, on what had been previously seen
during the day, struck even practised eyes with the surprise of
difference. It was a wondrous scene. Every observer seemed
delighted. Those who came early did not know how to occupy
themselves ; they seemed at a loss how tc fill up their time. It
was otherwise with the ladies. All of them looked well, and
on the best possible terms with themselves and party.
Oh ! what a scene a genteel Fancy Ball is. How different
from vulgar masquerades, which, however, should be res-
pected, like Popery, inasmuch as being the herald of a wel-
come change of better manners, feelings, hopes, and promise !
There it is.

Last night, or rather this morning, motley was the only

wear. Those who have travelled with Puckler Muskau, or

sailed round the globe with Cook, Basil Hall, or the dream-
ers with Columbus, may possibly talk of the Havannah, or
of the piebald costume of New Orleans and Mexico, against
what glorious and ever-new Liverpool can produce. Their
attempts are abortive. Fortunately this was a fancy ball.
Strangers were among us ; and strangers who were no stran-
gers to manners, or expectancy. All joined, as we do, in a
meed of praise to the female beauty of the scene. The
Lancashire, Cheshire, and Yorkshire " display" was such
as to keep up and to justify the female rivalry of those
splendid counties. Pressed for space and tied to time as we
are, we shall not be provoked to break away from this refer-
ence, without recording an agreeable justifier ; and it is this :
Liverpool has been true to itself. Its fancy-ball will take
rank in the history of all such fashionable displays as one of
the chief in Victoria's reign. The very genius of manly chi-
valry seems to have dawned on the susceptible counties of
England ; and matches, in embryo, from this auspicious night
we prophecy will eventually perpetuate the allied names of
Victoria and Albert. •

Let us leave the general, to notice what we could of the
individual. We saw, on the way to supper, a Yorkshire
peasant treading on the heels of the peer. This was an illus-
tration of Shakspeare, and we looked for truth " turning up"
from the literal apostle of mankind ! This ball was without
a personal representative of the bard of Avon, but his genius
and his works were diffused, übiquitously, throughout a room
honourably dedicated to charity, and the kindly and human
feeling of which he was the manly, as well as the, poetic re-
presentative.

We have just adverted to a representation of the state of
Yorkshire: it was Mr. Reay. Nobly did he sustain it. He
lives in the memory of ball frequenters, these four years.
Some one encroached upon him, and the best bustling
apology of the evening followed, with which our ears were
assailed. Such a look of grace from the fair creature who
hung on the arm of a very Turk, never emanated from the
" windows of the mind" of a Cleopatra or Hero, in their
most satisfied moods,

The history of our country was last night turned topsy
turyy. This is the especial glory of a FANCY BALL. People
may come there with the most individual ideas in the world.
What matters it ! When there, as the black man says in
the play, " Who can controul his fate ?" The association,
and " mingle, mingle, mingle," derange every thing. No
sooner had the music struck up than Capulet danced with
Montague,—Whigs with Tory,—honourable Radicals with
outlawed brother Chartists. We saw Cavaliers of all coun-
tries shake hands with others of the same kidney. Followers
of the incapable Stuarts drank wine with the worldly parti-
zans of the piebald James.
Jacobins laughed at and with Bourbons and Bonapartists.
The quadrilles did this, in " fours," " eights," " sixteens,"
and " thirty-twos."
In the dancing-room, after supper, the floor was full. The
costumes could then be appreciated. Those in Greek dresses
were the most correct. One Highland fellow surprised every

The tapers wink, the fiddlers shrink ;
A stranger " goes." Well ! amidst the crew
A form was seen in tartan green.
And the " form" astounded the assembled company. No
one could decipher him. A group conspicuously stationed
at the right hand entrance, from the audience part of the
vestibule, was appealed to. The fact was, it was " after
supper" and no honest men could make the eccentric out.
As a relief we thought of the lines of our Eton Chum
Byron :

The more intently the people gazed, the less
Could they distinguish whose the features were ;
Our " devil" himself, seemed puzzled even to guess ;
They varied like a dream, now here, now there ;
And several " people" swore from out THE PRESS
He was " their" father : upon' which another
Was sure he was his mother's cousin's brother.

Ah ! that is the way that we 'and others are served—on
inquiry—at a ball. 'We note the thing, nevertheless, in un-
disturbed good humour as strikingly characteristic.
The Cavaliers were a gay set ; they were their own adven-
turers. The Danish and Italian fellows had the best of it.
This reminds us of Dean Swift's remark, that each party
grows proud of that appellation which their adversaries first
intended as a reproach. Of this sort were the
Guelphs and Gibelines,
Huguenots and Cavaliers.

We noticed several handsome fellows, clean limbed men,
on whose persons the eye of a feinale judge could fall with

pleasure.

It was our intention to have noticed Groupes. But on
this occasion there were none of a classical character. The
Ball was equal to that of the Festival seven years since, but
in no way superior to it.
There were superfluous Hamlets with few Ophelias, and
therefore unnecessary Gravediggers. Perhaps four Laerteses
were the census of that fiery population. We saw an admi-
rable Jack Sheppard (Mr. Atkins), who bowed to us after
affecting to pick a gentleman's pocket with whom we were
indulging in wine with a violent tea-totaller.
There were some fair Flora Macdonalds, and an admira-
ble " Moll Flagon, " with whom we drank spiced whiskey
on our way ont. obstructed by that characteristic " lady. "
The supper was excellent ; and the bands in full play. The
only defalcation was on the part of the committee of manage-
ment. It may have had individual exceptions ; but we wish
to confine our remarks to the general, which was most cen-
surable in its paltry proceedings towards the press. No
facilities were offered. The whole active work has been done
by two establishments, which produced what they could get up
this day ! and against time. This should have been otherwise.
Charity covers a multitude of sins, but next Charity Ball,
we wish irrespective of more years, to have men of business
on the Committee ! This ball with the above drawback, was
worthy Liverpool.

P.S.—Let us not forget, else we should adjudge ourselves
worthy of nothing less than the fate of a rat-trap. One of
the best characters of the evening was of this pretension.

was exquisite :

" Sole guardian of a nation's cheese."

Miss Tobin, Miss Fayrer, the Lafone family, and a thou-
sand others left impressions behind them which the cause of
charity cannot efface. Nevertheless, bless the fair ladies
who graced with their presence this noble Ball!

The exact number of persons at the Ball was 1014.

PROTESTANT MEETING AT MANCHESTER.—A meeting
was held in the large room in By water's Hotel, Manchester,
on Tuesday night, for the purpose of adopting ,a petition
against any further grant to the Popish College at Maynooth.
The admission was by ticket. The Rev. Hugh Stowell oc-
cupied the chair, and the proceedings were of great length.
The chairman, in accounting for the absence of the Rev. H.
M'Neile, said that that gentleman was reserving his strength
for the intended meeting in Manchester, to petition for the
repeal of the Catholic relief bill. Several resolutions, ex-
pressive of disapprobation of the annual grant to the college
of Maynooth, and of the national education scheme, were
proposed and carried, and a petition founded on the resolu-
tions was adopted.

Lady Charlotte Greville, with the family of Lord and Lady
Francis Egerton, left rome on the 20th ult. and are expected
to arrive early in the ensuing week.

SLAVE TRADE.—A' very pretty schooner, the Vixen, is
now lying in -the Salthouse-dock. She measures 43 tons,
and when captured, no less than 320 slaves were-found on
board.-

ASCgNSION OF NAPOLEON.--This striking exhibition took
place on the premises belonging to Mr. M'Cardy, Burlington-
street North, on Wednesday evening last, at seven o'clock,
and delighted thousands who witnessed the ascent. The
figure was of enormous size, inflated with hydrogen gas. It
rose very majestically and rapidly in an easterly direction,
giving the gentry of, Everton a splendid spectacle, being in
view for half an hour. We are given to understand that Mr.
Merridy has made several attempts previously, but has suc-
ceeded at last in avoiding the slightest disappointment. It
is his intention to send father and son up together early in
next month.

DIE ART OF RIDING.—Many of our townsmen may be
at a loss for a riding-school, and an excellent teacher of the
" art equestrian." To such we can most cordially recom-
mend Mr. Smith's establishment. The fondness of our
gracious Queen for this fashionable exercise has, of late,
rendered its adoption almost universal. Perfection in it has
become a " polite accomplishment" upon which no ordinary
value is placed. We feel Convinced that Mr. Smith's suc-
cess as a teacher will secure for his school an inereased mea-
sure of public,patronage. Thecentral, airy, and salubrious
situation of his school is a very great recommendation.—See
Advt.
BENNISON'S MAP OF LIVERPOOL.—We have just had an
opportunity of examining this splendid and unique map of the
"good old town." It is most ela:horately and beautifully
executed, arid reflects the highest credit on, the spirited pub.-
lisher, Mr. Bell, of Lord-street, and the talented engraver,
Mr. J. Dower, of London. It is on a large scale, 48 inches
by 32, but reduced in dimensions from Mr. Bennison's first
map. It embraces the whole of the town and suburbs, to-
gether with a large 'extent of the adjacent country. Every
street, public building, 'church or chapel, charitable institu-
tion, &c., is distinctly traced. The ward boundaries are also,
marked, and each ward has its distinct colour. This map
embraces all the recent improvements in the town and neigh-
bourhood, including those now, in progress. It ought to be
introduced into every public establishment, inn, and office in
the town, to each of which it would prove a decided orna
ment ; the border, (four inches in width) which surround it,
presenting a succession of accurate and striking views of our
principal public buildings, churches, &c., which are alone,
we may say without any exaggeration, worth the price of the
map. The present only costs about one-third of the price of
the former. We may, perhaps, be allowed to suggest, that
this map would forma very acceptable present to distant
friends, who may feel an interest in this town. As a proof
of our own appreciation of its merits, we have just had the'
Standard-office fitted up with Mr. Bennison's rnap.—See
advt.

THE MAGISTRATE AND THE Ass.—Henry IV. of France
passing through a small town perceived the corporation as-
sembled to congratulate him on his arrival. Just as the prin-
cipal magi4rate had comineuced ,a tedious oration, an ass'
began to bray ; on which the king, turning towards the place
where the noisy animal was, said gravely, " Gentlemen, one
at a time, if you please."

FRIDAY MORNING, MAY 1, 1840.

We are quite ready to give to the Quakers any
credit they can fairly claim for their past efforts in
the cause of negro emancipation. We admit the
indefatigable zeal with which they have worked, and
the liberality with which they have contributed funds
in aid of that cause ; but we can neither allow
them that pre-eminent merit for their past efforts
which the Morning Herald assigns to them, nor admit
that the course which they are now pursuing in con-
nexion with the Anti-Slavery Society is one which is
consistent with their claim to be regarded as the ex-
clusive friends of the negro.
We entertain ourselves, against slavery in every form,
as strong a feeling as any one. We would not tolerate
its existence in any part of the British possessions,
and should gladly witness its abolition throughout the
world. Undoubtedly the day will arrive when this
happy consummation shall be accomplished—when
the tread of a slave shall not be allowed to pollute the
earth, or the clank of a fetter to mock the free breath
of heaven, " from Indus to the pole." But that the
course which the Anti-Slavery Society are pursuing is
calculated to hasten the arrival of such a period, we
most emphatiCally deny. On the contrary, we know
that slavery, in all its most aggravated features, is in-
creasing at the present moment, and will continue to
increase, so long as England, led by the restless agita-
tion of mock philanthropists, is willing to feed it from
her own hands, by allowing to be wrested from her
the only power which she ever possessed, or ever can
possess, of putting an end to its horrors,—viz., the
power of competing successfully with the foreign
slave-owner, and of driving his blood-stained com-
moditieS from the market, with the produce raised
by free labour in our own colonies. We believe
that the present Anti-Slavery Society are inflict-
ing, by the course of agitation which they still keep
up against our colonial interests, a deep and fatal
wound upon those principles of true humanity of
which they assume to be the sole guardians ; and,
having convinced ourselves of this fact, we certainly
feel, like our contemporaries, dispOSed to call things by
their proper names, even at the risk of occasionally
offending by our plain speaking.
The real fact of the matter is, that a great
nutober of pretenders to superior sanctity have for
the last half-century existed upon the question of
negro emancipation. The sufferings, real and• ideal,
of the black population of our West India colonies,
has, furnished, as our. Manchester friends would say,
both the warp and the )%-efc,of the, stuff of. which these
saints are woven. From the -sleek and sly member
who pursues the humble . occupation of a vender of
tea, coffee, tapes, and tracts, to the demure aristocrat
who carries on the more lucrative pursuits of a banker
or a merchant, the tale of negro sufferings has been a
" stock piece," at the production of which the whole
House would diSsolve in tears, and an immediate de-
mand be created for pocket,handketchiefs and free:-
labour sugar. At the name of a West India planter
the young Tartuffes would fall into fits, and every
hair upon their well-combed heads stand up, " like
quills upon the fretful pofcupine;" whilst at the eupho-
nious cognomen of some woolly-headed African an
affected sympathy wou!d brim their swimming eyes,
and they would paint, in their diseased imaginations,
the poor flat-nosed negro as the embodiment of every
grace and virtue under Heaven—the representative of
those

" Sons of the desert, men whose stately tread
Starts from the dust the sounds of Liberty !"

The abolition of slavery in our colonies has been, in
truth, a heavy blow to these people. The itinerant lec-
turer, who has been wont to elevate his saintly eye-
brows and lengthen his demure chin at the contem-
plation of its horrors, is deprived of a subject upon
which to exhaust his overflowing affection for the
human race. The meek and saintly person, who has
been accustomed to shine forth at the periodical ga-
therings of the society as the very paragon of philan-
thropy, is reduced to the simple condition of a mere
mortal, inflicted with a grievous propensity to disfigure
and deform the person which nature has allotted him,
by the adoption of an uncouth garb and a studied sin-
gularity of speech and manner. The saint, in short,
has become a mere man, and in that position we
would fain allow him to remain.

But we cannot, unfortunately, discover in this
meddling body a disposition to .rest contented with
the good work which they have assisted in promoting.
The name and substance of slavery has been banished
from the possessions-of Great Britain, but the bitter
feeling, with which they have been accustomed to re-
gard that foul blot upon our national reputation, ap-
pears to have been transferred, from the object which
ercited it, to a body of men who, whatever may have
been their past delinquencies, ought certainly now to
be allowed to pursue their avocations without molesta-
tion. • The agitators of the anti-slavery party appear
'disposed, to continue their restless interference until
every vestige of prosperity shall have been driven froin
our West ,Indian possessions, and those mines of Bri-
tish wealth shall be abandoned to sterility and deso-
lation.

We were told, when the emancipation of the slaves
in our colonies was granted, that under a system of
free labour the cultivation. of :our West Indian islands
could be satisfactorily and prOfitablY carried on. The
planters, and owners, of those noble possessions Con-
ceded more than was even
.demanded, and„ by' the
voluntary termination of the apprenticeship system,
'entered at once ftillyand freely into a trial of the
guestion. They anticipated, what has since, been full)
'verified by experience, that, from the natural:indolence
of the negro race, which generally confines its exer-
dims to the lithit of its necessities, the 4nantity-of,free
labour which they would be able to command would
bi; insufficient for the purpose of 'developing fully the
resources which nature had placed within 'their reach.
T hey endeavoured, therefore, to supply the deficiency
by encouraging the. Vol un t ary immigration of labourers
from ainondst a portion of the degraded popu-
lation of our East Indian possessions,; but here
the senseless outcry of a mock philanthropy 'was.
allowed to prevail with the' legislature, and this
:mode of Procuring a 'supply of. labour was stopped.
-tuFficient, however, had been already done
,io serve,
at least, as an experiment of the value of' their project
and now, when its working.has been found to be suc-
cessful, and a disposition has been manifested by Go-
vernment to arrest the gradual decline of our colonial
prosperitY, by allowing, under proper regulations, the
s..adoption of a system of immigration, the outcry of the
' enemies, of' the'Weit Indian' 'interest is again raised,
and every weapon of offence, which the most malig-

nant ingenuity and the most unprincipled falsehood
can suggest, is directed against the efforts of the
planter—of the British merchant who has invested his
capital in colonial property—to maintain and improve
that possession which, relying upon the faith of the
British Parliament, he has bought and paid for.
Looking at the subject in all its bearings, we cannot but
think that a feeling, which is not genuine, unmixed huma-
nity, actuates this party in their proceedings. We cannot
remember that we have lately observed much parade
of that preference for the produce of free labour, in
our West Indian possessions, which used to be given
to the free labour of other countries. On the con-
trary, we fancy that the introduction of the slave-
grown sugars of the Brazils to the English market
would not, at this moment, if advocated by a liberal
administration, meet with much opposition from our
pseudo philanthropists. We have pointed out to them
again and again, and we have strengthened our posi-
tion by an array of facts which no casuistry can weaken,
that the true policy of the conscientious opponent of
slavery is to encourage the cultivation, by free labour,
of our own possessions, which, from their extent and
fertility, are more than ten times sufficient to supply
to the whole world those commodities, for the pro-
curing of which the curse of slavery is entailed upon
the human race. We have PROVED this. fact again
and again, and, from the result, we are compelled to
believe that the hatred of slavery which is ever upon
the lips of the philanthropists of the present day might
be more correctly termed the diseased longing of shal-
low minds for popular applause, mingled with the
hatred which penniless adventurers ever bear towards
those whose well-directed industry has achieved its
just reward.

We will suggest to , these gentlemen a direction in
which their efforts might possibly be productive of
benefit to the cause which they profess so loudly and
with such fervency to advocate. 'Let the Anti-Slavery
Society allow and encourage the grovilli of free labour.
in the British Colonies, and turn their wrath upon the
open and undisguised traffic in slaves, at present carried
on by the liberal government of France—the France of
July ! England has poured out her blood, like water, has
thrown away millions of treasure, in the honest attempt
to put down this infamous trade; and yet under a liberal
government, under a government supported by nine
out of ten of our present humanity-mongers ; she has
allowed France openly and insultingly to purchase the
African negro, and the vessel in which the living cargo
is stowed, to be convoyed by two French ships of war,
carrying the tri-colour, Liberty's chosen ensign, at their
mast heads. 'We refer for the particulars of this bare-
faced infraction of " the inalienable rights of men," by
the government of France, to an able letter given in
another column, which we oopy from the Morning
Herald of Wednesday ; and we iok of the Anti-Slavery
Society, we demand of them in the Name of humanity—
in the name of consistency—in th4ame of religion—
to raise their voice against a nation I.vhich so grossly
insults and outrages the liberties of flan—the image
of his Maker !—and against a British ministry—how
unworthy of the name !—which allows and winks at
the profanation, But will these gentlimen listen to
us ? Not they. We should as soon expect to see the
Ethiop washed white as this faction, which parades its
regard for the interests of humanity so prominently
take any honest step in furtherance of their own
avowed purposes, if by doing so one drop of the
sweets of official pay and patronage, could. miss their
offered lips; or one stroke, aimed at the objects of
their bitter hatred, should fail in its work of destruc-
tion.

We beg to direct the particular attention of our
readers to the letter in question, and trust that the
statement which it conveys will not escape the notice
of the true friends of the Negro in the House of Com-
mons. Perhaps Mr. Scoble, the veracious itinerant of
the Anti-Slavery Society, may even find it worth his
perusal, although, by the bye, we have not yet heard

that either he or Mr. Cropper have found it conve-
nient to examine the documents offered to their inspec-
tion at the late meeting, by our townsman, Mr. Semple.
At any rate, we know they have not had the manliness
to acknowledge publicly, the impression produced
by their pe,rusal.

The Manchester Guardian, our quondam strong
opponent on the subject of the corn laws, has recently
drawn upon itself the censure of the Anti-Corn-Law
Circular, on account of " the exceptions taken by the
Guardian to Mr. Edward Baines'S sPeech"-:--in which
the latter gentleman assigned " the causes of the
manufacturing distress to the corn-laws exclusively."
The Guardian assumes, on what' we conceive to_ be
satisfactory data, that, " so far as related to.the cotton
manufacturer, overtrading, the prostration of credit in
America, and the conduct of the American Bank, had,
in reality as much or more to do with that distress."

It is some consolation to the agricultural interests to
find one of the staunchest advocates of the manufac-
turers making such a striking acknowledgment. When
an allusion was made at the late Anti-Corn-Law
Meeting in Liverpool, to overtrading as a probable
cause of the existing distress among the operative class,
the speaker was greeted with loud cries of " no, no."
But " yes, yes" exclaims the leading organ of the
manufacturers. " Overtrading" has had "as much
or more" than the corn-laws to do with the distress,
We cannot resist quoting the following additional
rebuff which the Guardian has administered to the
selfish agitators of the Anti-Corn-law league :—" To
detect and correct the errors ,of the Anti-Corn-Law
Circular is a task which we have never set ourselves,
or possibly it might have had less reason to complain.
of the little notice it has received from us. We hav
always been the reverse of anxious either to sneer c.r
cavil at the proceedings of the league ; but we mu st
admit, that of many of those proceedings it was i 7 n-
possible for us honestly to speak in terms of cowry az-
dation." We wish the honesty of the Guardian bad
been carried a little farther, and that it had refrait ied
from bestowing is commendation on the objectionable
principles of the league. However, we hope that !the
Guardian, in common with the great mass of the r aost
respectable manufacturers, is beginning to find out its
mistakes on the subject of a free trade in corn, Ind
that it will forthwith retrace its steps, and repair the
mischief it has done.

Though the question of the corn-laws may be con,
sidered as set at rest, so far as the present Ttiouse of
Commons is concerned, still we must urge. upon the
landed and agricultural interests the ne(:essity of
'keeping up a wholesome system:of agitation in their
own defence. This is indispensably necesssiry in order
to neutralize the active and persevering efforts of the
Anti-Corn-Law league. The lectures, painphlets, and
public meetings' of this mischievous association must
be met by counter lectures, pamphlets,. and public
meetings.

The Whig-Radical party have little to congratulate
themselVes upon, in the result of their various anti.-
church movements during the past week. At Walton,
Manchester, and Lambeth—wherever in fact the at-
tempt has been made to insult and hams the mem-
bers of our national Establishment—the combined
Socialism, and Atheism have been
forces of Popery,
signally roused. In some ,of the strongholds of their
party, places in which hitherto dissent has beenrampant,
the defeat has been the most disgraceful; and we Can-
not find an instance throughout the whole kingdom in
in which. they have been allowed to Wage a successful
contest. . .

We are heartily glad to obirve the feeling which

the triumphant result .of these factious attempts ma-
nifests inlavour of the cause of true religion. We
are not sorry that they have been made. The sup-
porters of the Church of England are none the worse -
for an. Occasional "shake up" ; and such a one as they
have had during the past Week Nvill serve to open the
eyes of...some of them, especially of those whose opi-
nions on political matters lean. towards Whiggery, to
the true character of the party with which they have
weakly suffered themselves to become entangled. They
could not (good, easy souls !) believe that the ;enlight-
ened patriots, whose glozing speech and,plausible pre7'
tone 6.5.. had bernuddled their intellects, entertained any
feelings of hostility towards their religion and the reli-
gion of, their fathers. They could not believe that
intolerant hatred of that religion rankled in the hearts
of men from -whose lips professions "of liberality flowed
so glibly. 'They could credit nothing .of this; but we
fancy thit the' proceedings of the.past week will have
rendered :sortie of theni "sadder and wiser men!' •
In some- places vs know that the result of this anti-

Int=l

church agitation is pregnant with important benefits,to
the Conservative cause. The disgusting slanders, and
the reckless personalities which have been every Where
resorted to by the losing faction, during the bitterness

of defeat, have created a revolting sensation in the

minds of many who have hitherto ranged themselves,
although churchmen, amongst the forces of Whig-
Radicalism, whilst others, who have hitherto been
careless and lukewarm supporters of the Conservative
cause, have been- aroused and goaded to the necessity
of active and unwearied exertion in its behalf. The
friends of the Church of England have been taught a
lesson, which they will not, we trust, forget, that energy
and united effort, are all that are required to enable
them, to crush and defeat its enemies.
We may especially allude, as an instance of this fact,

to the signal defeat which- the Whig-Radical faction
have sustained at Manchester, and its probable con-
sequences, as evinced by the soreness with which it
is alluded to by their press. The Manchester Guar-
dian, speaking of this defeat, affects to treat it as no
real manifestation of the opinion of the parish, inas-
much as the Whig-Radical voters were deprived, by
an alleged deficiency in the arrangements for taking
the poll, of the opportunity of recording their 'votes.
How the Conservatives managed, being, as the Guar-
dian would have us believe, the weaker party, to poll
double the number of their opponents we are at a loss
to conceive; but we certainly are a little amazed at the
huge draft upon the credulity of his readers with which
our contemporary endeavours to alleviate their disap-
pointed feelings.

" We believe," says the Guardian, " that there are
about sixty thousand voters in the parish who would
probably be able to give somewhere about 100,000
votes." Of these he tells us the Conservatives polled
9,942 votes, and that altogether were polled by both
parties, " perhaps not more than an eighth of the votes
in the parish." Now we must confess ourselves sceptical
as to the calculations of our contemporary. Amongst
60,000 votes, all whom must be householders, we con-
ceive that 50,000 must be married men with families.
Now taking man and wife, and an average of three
children to constitute a family, these fifty thousand
voters would represent a population of 25,000 souls,
and adding ten thousand bachelors, the 60,000 would
represent a population of 260,000 persons. AmOpgst
these 60,000 voters, all of whom, we repeat must be
householders, we may fairly allot 50,000 Household
Servants and parties otherwise employed by them in
domestic pursuits ; and we have thus a population of
31,000 persons in the parish of Manchester indepen-
dently of the immense number of inhabitants who
not being rated in the parish books, must of course be
added to this number to enable us to arrive, on the
Guardian's data, at the real population of the parish of
Manchester.

We certainly have an indistinct recollection of our
contemporary's former celebrity in this kind of calcu-
lation, and Manchester may even be a greater place
than we have ever conceived it to be ; but we really
cannot be induced to swallow what to us appears • so
outrageous an assumption. Besides, we cannot, after
all, see how the fact—if it be a fact—of there being
60,000 rate-payers in the parish of Manchester, ac-
counts for the circumstance of Whig-Radicalism being
so outrageously beaten in the late contest.

We believe, however, that it may contribute some-
thing to ensure for the faction another beating in a con-
test which is fast approaching.

Mr. Robert Henderson, of the Observatory, Mount-
gardens, has been recently appointed Master of the Christ
Church National School. There were seventeen crndidates
for the situation.

VICTORIA • BIRTH-NIGHT CLUB.—The members, and
several of their friends, of the Victoria Birth-night Club,
usually held at Meacock's, Berry-street, met at Mr. Ford's,
King's Arms, St. John's-lane, to celebrate the natal day of
one of the respected, members. A sumptuous dinner was
provided by the worthy host, whose wines, &c. the company
pronounced excellent. The chair and vice-chair were tilled
by two gentlemen, much respected by the members; and
after several appropriate speeches, well-selected toasts, glees,
songs, &c. the efnnpany retired highly gratified with the
evening's entertainments.

On Saturday next will be launched from the building-yard
of Mr. Peter Car,o, west side of Brunswick. Dock, a fine new
new vessel, burthen about 320 tons, built for Messrs. Chap-
man and Willis,. and intended, we believe, for the Bast India
and China tradq„

CAUTION.—The inhabitants of Birkenhead are cautioned
against a gang of gipsies, at present located in the neigh-
bourhood of C;liester-street. One of them has favoured some
of the shopke tpers with a visit,-stating that they will require
a considerab'.e quantity of articles for a wedding, to take
place in a nu 'nth, and promising to bring the money before-
hando since which the back-doors have been visited under
the pretext of selling lace. It will l.e well, therefore, for
housekeepers to be on their guard during the two months
which they state is to be the term of cantonment.

His \Vo tship the Mayor was, on Monday last, admitted a
free and a( .teepted mason. A splendid banquet was afterwards
partaken of by the brethren of the lodge, including the new
member, who acknowledged the congratulations with which
he was greeted, in suitable and masonic terms.

LIVEWOOL OPERATIVE PROTESTANT ASSOCIATION.—
At a sp, scial meeting of the members of this association, held
on Tue: sday evening last, at the Operative Conservative News-
room, Houghton-street, Mr. Crisp in the chair, the follow-
ing re solution was unanimously passed, on the motion of
Mr. 113,ateliffe, seconded by Mr. Leatherbarrow :—" That
this n seeting highly approve of the address of the Finsbury
Operative Protestant Association to their Protestant brethren
throughout the country, and beg most heartily to join with
then s in every sentiment contained therein, and to congratu-
late them upon the success with which it has pleased Al-
mighty God to crown the exertions of the Protestant asso-
cia.,:ions throughout the kingdom, and bid them God speed
in their holy work."—Many interesting and encouraging
at: itements were made, and practical suggestions given, by
vs irious operative members, which will shortly be acted upon.
C sue of the most important is the establishment of a library
far the use of the members, which will at once be carried into
:ffect ; and any donations, either of books or money, will be
thankfully received, for such purpose, by the Secretary.
THE DUKE OP WELLINGTON'S PORTRAIT.—WC beg to
call the attention of our readers to the announcement in
another column respecting this admirable portrait, which
has elicited universal approbation, as it appears that the pri-
vate view will CLOSE EARLY TO-MORROW, when the picture
will be returned to London, to be placed in the hands of the
engraver. We strongly recommend those who have been
favoured with tickets not to lose the opportunity afforded
them of viewing this last likeness of the great Duke.
FELONY BY A SERVANT.—Margaret Smith was brought
bred the Police-court on Wednesday, charged Hotel having n her employer, Mr. Lynn, of the Waterloo .It
appeared that for about eighteen months the prisoner had
been occasionally employed in the kitchen of the Waterloo
Hotel. A few days since, Mr. Lynn received a letter, giving
him some information respecting the prisoner, in consequence
- of which he made application to the Police-office. Constable
Lloyd was sent to the house of the prisoner, in a court in
Banastre-street. He there found two napkins, two sheets,
some kitchen towels, three glasses, some pie dishes, plates,
tart-pans, knives and forks, sugar and soap, part of which
articles had on them the name of Mr. Lynn, and were by
him identified as his property. The prisoner was committed
to take her trial.

The barn and cottages at the rear of Croxteth-ball, were
burnt to the ground on Sunday night last. The origin of the
tire is unknown.

THE ANATOMICAL VENUS.—The exhibition which we
have repeatedly announced under this extraordinary title,
since its introduction to Liverpool, has been greatly attrac-
tive. We have in a former number minutely described it,
and on the present occasion we shall content ourselves with
recommending all who have not paid a visit to Mr. Santi,
the ingenious artist, to lose no time in doing so.
It will be perceived by the advertisement in another page,
that our respected townsman Mr. Alexander Mackenzie, has
removed, from Cable-street to that spacious and comfortable.
establishment in Duke-street, the Caledonian Hotel, (for-
merly the Duke-street Hotel,) where, from his well-known
attention to the comfort of his friends, and his moderate
charges, he cannot fail to merit the continued confidence
and support of the public.
•

PORTRAIT OF THE DUKE OF WELLINGTON.—We under-
stand that the portrait of the Duke of Wellington, painted
by H. P. Briggs, for his Grace himself, and presented by
him to the late Earl of Eldon, with his autograph on one of
the scrolls, w;l1 he shortly exhibited at the rooms of Mr. C.
S. Burland, in Church-street. Reports speaks very highly
of the merits of this portrait.

Wool) v. InoN.—Tbat very superior new steam-ship Ad-
miral arrived here yesterday, on her first voyage out, making
the passage from Greenock 7U less time by half an hour than
the iroa boat, which started before her.—Mail of yesterday.
[We are authorised to state that the- Royal. George, iron
steam-ship, left Greenock at 12 . minutes past 7, and the
Admiral, wooden steamer, at .20 minutese l
past
8. T. 13 .1:-
Pik
steamer arrived at the Rock at 3 o'clock and the wooden
. steamer at A past 4. The time, therefore, ,occupied from
Glasgow to Liverpool by the wooden steamer was 20 hours.
10 minutes, ant by the iron steamer 19 hours 48 minutes;
leaving a difference in favour of theiron
mi-
nutes, exclusive of* 25 Minutes n-taici
and detention at Greenock, which
of 47'minutes in favour of the iron
steamer.]
steamer of 22
ng cargo at Renfrew
inlderm a total gain
Jake .
interesting—
MR., VAUCHER'S PATENT .Pumps.---7 At noon on Friday,
there was a very exhibition of the power of M.
Vaucher's patent pumps on board the AiOz -in Prince's Dock, in , the presence of . z-o,
others. • . The construction of
several ship-owners, captains, and
improvements these pumps
or inventions for which . -' • includes various
been granted to m..van letters patent* have
r. The principal feature in this
invention are, the simplicity c
of the machinery, a new metallic
packing to supersede the use of leather for rendering fluid-
tight the in& 61
va e'surfaces in the construction of hydraulic
machines,••
whitth is also applicable to steam engines, and a new
nozzle, .
called afin-jat, which spreads the water like a shower,
and which may bc applied to any length of hose-pipe. By
'means of. M. VancLer's improvements the hydraulic appa-
ratus to which they hive been applied may be used either as'
a double .acting lifting pump, or as a force pump of superior
durability, power, cheapness, and simplicity. We understand
these pumps have been adopted by the City of Dublin Steam
Navigation Company, the A'acific Steam Navigation Com-
pany,.and others, and that they are highly approved by the
most scientific and practical me!' in the kingdom. Amongst
these we may mention Mr. Fairborn, of Manchester. The
exhibition gave the highest satisfaction to all who witnessed
it, and Captain Engledne and other commanders expressed
their conviction that no vessel could be considered complete
without one or more of M. \rancher's pumps. The trial of
these double-acting, lifting, or force pumps, was repeated last
Tuesday, on the Exchange flags, and again gave the greatest
satisfaction to the numerous spectators wi2o witnessed it.
-We understand M. Vaucher is the same gentleman who hai.
published a work on marine insurances, which moth in Eng-
land and abroad has been highly approved.
