IMMIGRATION INTO BRITISH GUIANA,

(From the Morning Chronicle.)
Various suggestions will be found in an article, in another
part of this day's paper, under the title of a memorial for
Dr. Lushington, for remedying what is now understood to
be a great evil—the deficiency of labour in British Guiana.
This is one of the best, if not the very best, of our colonies,
for the quantity of land it contains is of the best quality. But
this very advantage renders it easy for the negro to subsist
himself and his family without subjecting himself,to conti-
nuous labour ; and hence the colony is seriously threaterkl.
The writer of the memorial deems it the duty of the gov6rn-
ment, with the aid of the East India Company, z<affo i t
facilities for the introduction of labourers, under proper
regulations, from the densely-peopled regions of Hindostan.
The colonists are willing to defray the expense of the ar-
rangements which may be nceessary, and to agree to any
reasonable terms for securing to the immigrants the faithful
performance of the conditions of the contracts entered into
with them.

The only security against slavery is a dense population of
free labourers. If. Great Britain, after.•emancinating her
slaves, neglect to secure to the owners of colonial estates the
means of obtaining tree labour from countries in which it is
a drug, the consequence must be, not, merely the deCay of
our own colonies, but the encouragement of the slave trade.
Mr. Buxton has shewn that the abolition of the slave'trade
by Britain has tripled the amount of the trade itself ; and it
is notorious that its horrors have been fearfully increased.
The best means of averting the ruin of our own colonies, and
at the same time diminishing the temptation to invest money
in Cuba and other countries now cultivated by slaves. is to
encourage the importation of free labourers into British
Guiana. The writer of the memorial, who is connected with
British Guiana, suggests also that liberty should be given to
individuals to Ten-rove from the small West India Islands to
British Guiana with their slaves under indenture for six
years, a measure necessary to prevent their being, taken to
Cuba or Porto Rico.

Let us not run into the mistake of conceiving that justice
to the emancipated slave demands the ruin of his late master.
We injure the sacred cause of freedom by neglecting to take
efficient means for providing a supply of labour on the cession
of slavery. Other nations will have their eyes fixed on the
British colonies, and be influenced by the success or failure
of abolition with reference to the supply of labour. The
subject appears to us of immense importance.
The material interests of Great Britain are greatly depen-
dent on the prosperity of the sugar. colonieS, and especially
of British Guiana.

SINGULAR ROMISH BELIEF AS TO THE. NATURE OF AN
OATH.—The Nenayli Guardian, in a report of an examina-
tion of a woman named Alley Kennedy, at the Nenagh Petty
Sessions, gives the following questions and answers :—" Cap-
tain Leyne, having heard her charge, asked, my good wo-
man, do you know the nature of an oath ? Wicness—l do.
Captain L—What: would happen to you if you took a false
oath ? Witness—l would lose my baptism for 24 hours.
Bench—ls that all? What would happen to me if I took a
false oath ? Witness—Oh ! 1 suppose you'd be damned."
EMIGRATION TO NEW ZEALAND.—A meeting of the Pais-
ley New Zealand Emigration Society was held on the even-
ing of Saturday last, when it was, resolved to memorialise
Her Majesty's Government, and the Directors of the New
Zealand Land Company, on behalf of the Society, for free
passages for.the members, their wives and children, to the
new colony of New Zealand, founded under the auspices of
the New Zealand Land Company. A committee was ap-
pointed to frame the memorials, and otherwise promote the
objects of the Society. Single men and women above fifteen,
and under thirty years of age, of good character, and going
out in charge of parents or relations, will be enrolled as
adults.—Glasgow Argus. . _ _

SIR GERVASR CLIFTON.—This gentleman, who resided
near Leeds, in Yorkshire, was " blessed with seven wives,"
—so the epitaph of his own writing says. The first three,
who were maidens, he calls honourable. The second three,
who were widows, he calls worshipful; and the seventh, who
was a servant maid, born under his own roof, he calls his
well-beloved. Each of the six agreed to the marriage of the
next, before her death, and at that awful period were
attended by their successors. Sir Gervase had several chil-
dren by his last wife, some of whose descendants now enjoy
the family estate. He lies buried at the head of his wives.

A WAVERER IN RELIGIOUS PRINCIPLE.—And now,
Becky, it must never go furder, but he kep a religius secret
betwixt our two selves, but ever sinse Colin Cathedral I have
been dredful unsettled in my mind with spirituous pints. It
seemed as if I had a call to turn into a Roman. Besides the
voice in my hone inward parts, I've been prodigusly urged
and advized by the Party you don't know to becum a proste-
lyte, and decant all'my errors; and throw meself into the
buzzum of Rome. Cander compels me to say, its a verry
cumfittable relig,inn, and then-such splendid Churchis and
alters and grand cerimonis, and such a bewtiful musicle ser-
vice, and so many'mirakles- and 'Wunderfu relics besides;
plain Church of England going, partrckly in the country
parts, do look pore and mean and pokey after it, thats the
truth. To 'be sure 'theres transmigration," but even that I
mite get over in. time'; 'for we dan beleave anything if we
really wish to: Its a-grate temptation;` and provided I felt
quite certain of bettering meself, I would convert meself at
once. * * But praps twould be most advizable to put off
my beleaving in anything at all, till our return to Kent. Be-
sides, Becky, you may feel inclind, on propper talking to, to
give up your own convixions too, and in that case we can
both embrace the Pope at the same time.—Martha Penny's
letter to her fellow-servant, in Hood's " Up the Rhine."

GERMAN BOWlNG.—Whenever the steamer passes, or stops
at, a little town, you see a great part of the population poi-
lected on the shore, ready to perform the courtesy. One or
two, like fuglemen, go through the manouivre by anticipa-
tion, as if saluting the 'figure head; then the vessel ranges
alongside, and off goes the covering of every head—hats and
caps, of all shapes 'and colours, are flourishing in the air.
Wet,.or dry, or scorching sun, every male,.from six years
old to sixty is uncovered. Some seize their caps by the top,
others by the spout in front ' • this give his hat a wave to and
fro, that saws with it up and down ; the very baker plucks of
his white night-cap, holds ft shaking at arm's length. Mean-
while their countrymen onboard vigorously return the salute,
.the town is passed, and the ceremony is over. -But no !—a
man comes running at full speed down a gateway, or round
the corner of a street looks eagerly for the boat, now 100
yards distant, gives a wave with his hat or cap. and then,
thrusting his hands into his pockets, returns deliberately up
the street or gateway, as if he had acquitted. himself im in-
dispensible moral duty.—Hood up the _Rhine.

To SAVE LIFE WHEN THE CLOTHES ARE ON FIRE.—
The recent frequency of deaths from burning induces us to •
notice a passage in " Lessons on Words and Objects," by
Mr. John Smith, lecturer on.education, which we hope will
be extensively copied. It is a law of flame .tti.rise :in the air;
consequently, whatever we would preserve from destruction
should be kept out of the upward direction of the name.
Every child should see this experiment. Take a match with
•the brimstone broken .off, or a piece of .paper folded as a
match or spell,, light the end, and lay it on the tray, or hearth,
and the flame will make little progress.; it will often fade
away. But light it again, and hold it perpendicularly, and
immediate destruction ensues.. Hence a person whose clothes
catch fire should instantly lie down, so that there may be in-
stant safety, or time to call for help ; and the fact should be
so frequently explained, that no child would hesitate to do
so, instead of running about fanning the flame.

WINE IN AMERICA.—CIaret and the other French wines
do very well in America ; but where the Americans beat us
out of the field, is in their Madeira, which -certainly is of a
quality which we cannot procure in England. This is owing
to the extreme heat and cold of the climate, which ripens.
this wine; indeed I may almost say that I never tasted good
Madeira until I arrived in the United States. The price of
wines, generally speaking, is very high, considering what a
trifling duty is paid, but the price of good Madeira is sur-
prising. There are certain brands which, if exposed to pub-
lic auction, will be certain to fetch-from twelve to twenty,
and I have been told even forty dollars a bottle.—Captain
Marryat.
EARLY BIAS.—Mrs. Lewis's reading was chiefly confined
to novels and other works of imagination. But among the
subjects of her more serious attention, it is On record that
Glanville's work on witchcraft was an especial favourite;
and it may easily be supposed, that when his mother's chosen
volume fell in his way he often contemplated. with that hor-
ror which attends absolute credence, the copper=plate of the-
".devil beating his drum" over " worthy Mr. Mompesson's
house."—Life and Correspondence of M. G. Lewis.,
How DOCTORS ARE BILKED OF THEIR FEES.—Dr, J.
Johnson, in an elaborate review of a work entitled " Ph sio
and Physician," in the last number of the Quarterly Review,
observes—" We have more than once been presented with a
farthing, neatly wrapped up, lest our feelings should be'
shocked. Coronation tokens, Victoria tokens,, bad , sove-
reigns, and bad shillings, are all serviceable in the'practical
joke upon " the doctor." ..We remember hearing a story of
the late Dr. Pearson, which evinces his dislike
,to be trifled
with on the subject of fees. A patient consulted him and.
received a prescription. He gave the doctOr half-a-guinea.
".A guinea is my fee," quoth the,doctor. The patient seemed
inclined to let matters stand as they were. ' "Oh l" said
Pearson, " I have made an omission, allow me to look at the
prescription again." . The patient gave it to him, and he,
taking pen, ink, and paper, began to write another. "It is
half-a-guinea prescription you want, not a guinea one, I see.
I'll give you one of that sort directly." We need not say
that the additional half-guinea was forthcoming in a twink-
ling.—Medico-Chirura. Review.

NEW ZEALAND.—The extent of New Zealand has been
variously estimated. The distance between the -North and
South Capes is about-900 miles—the greatest breadth of the
Northern Island, which is the wider of the two, is about
300 miles—diminishing to 200 and 100,- and to greatly. less
towards the northern extremity, where, at one point, distant
about 150 miles from the North Cape, there is an isthmus of
not more than three miles. across. By the latest, and it is
believed the most accurate account, the aera of the Northern
;Island is computed at 40,000 English square miles, whilst
that of the Southern Island—Of Which Stewart'S-ISland may •
be considered an appendage—is considerably more than one-
third' larger.- The extent of the two islands, it is thought,
must be, at least, 95,000 English square miles, or above 60
millions of square acres. The voyage from Britain to New
Zealand, although the distance is greater than to Sydney,
occupies about the same length of time, in consequence of
the prevalent state of the winds; while, in returning to
Britain, the voyage from New Zealand is, of course, shorter
than the voyage from Sydney by the distance between the
two places, or about 1,200 miles.
SALMON FISHING IN THE TEVIOT.--I have been very
successful in salmon fishing this season. Here, you know,
so far from the sea, we have but a very short fishing period,
after the salmon have come up thus far, till close time comes
in; yet I have killed fifty-six fish with the rod during the
few days of the present'season which I could devote to the
sport. We fish with the salmon roe, not prepared into paste,
but taken entire out of the fish, salted, and laid on a board
over night ; in the morning the brine is poured off, and the
bait is ready for use. It is cut into small lumps as they
break loaf sugar. When the river is flooded, we fish at the
tails of gently gliding streams • but when the river is low and
the water clear, then comes the tug of war. Y ou • have no
idea to what perfection roe-fishing in clear water has been
-brought on the Teviot ; it is not practised with the same
success in any other place in Scotland. Under the tuition of
"'old Andrew Tomline," however, the father of clear water
roe-fishing, and a second Bill Hedley, I hate become a very
respectable roe-fisher. Three days before close time came
in, I was fishing below Denholni, at a place called the
" King's Entry," when I felt a take, as they call it here,
struck my fish, on which he made such a spring as would
have shaken your cockney nerves to shatters. Away he set
off at steam-boat speed till he had about forty yards of line
at his tail ; in fact, I thought he was booked for Hawick,
whicli was only about five miles further up. Nevertheless,
he changed his mind, turned head, and ran down water, slick
when e heike Caineai n
long
ps
t, he
ory put r
ta,b
oarikule
ti behgtatun
up
to
away towards Berwick ; but, remembering that he had not
turnap
nadi
clown
wel
yo:
dl w n
and
up,
tin at
egtitio Ihittinw,uwghhitchl
uwasn f surerti
did too' soon, as it set the creature fairly mad ; lie
of him ; I, therefore, laid the taclekl
uttinff capers like a dancing master, when at last one
owing to the line striking in the rings, broke
desperate leap,
my line, and back came bn
ea
gt ea 1
ny
the remainder slap in my face. At
that moment I felt myself half a foot shorter than I was a
minute before. I had scarcely recovered my surprise, when
1 heard a deep sigh
behind me, and, looking
.round, beheld
" misbegotten
otten knave in Denholm grey." Hey, a man,
hut that was sair disa ointment. What a pity !—si
c a fish!
"
But never mind,sir, IPII burn a light for him tonight, and
if I stick him. I'll send you up your hack (hook). I could
not speak, but looked unutterable things. " Flesh, 'flesh,
how art thou- tishitied
killed "' The DehhOluiite •in grey was as
1,
good as his word; he • my fish with the lister that night,
and he weighed
upwards twenty-five p
as of twenty-fiou
dent of the Atlas. pounds.—Correspon-
dent —Common-

DEATH OF LORD LASCELLES.—lntelligence has been re-
ceived of the death of Lord Lascelles, eldest son of the Earl
of Harewood. •Lord Lascelles had resided for some years on
his father's estates in the West Indies. 'As Lord Lascelles
has left no heir, the Honourable Henry Lascelles, of Golds-
borough, becomes Lord LascelleS.—Leeds Mervury.
SUNDAY TRADING.—The Rector of St. George's, Blooms-
bury (the Rev. Dr. Short,) lately visited all the shopkeepers
in his district, and requested them, as a personal favour, to
close their shops at half-past ten on the Sunday morning.
There was not one 'dissentient; and the rector was heartily
thanked for the trouble he had taken.

'We learn from New York, that a memorial is about to be
presented to congress, iu. the ensuing session, calling on the
government to adopt the project of a canal through the. lsth-
mus'of Panama, effecting a junction betwixt the Atlantic and
Pacific Oceans ; and that there is every prospect of this great
and long-agitated scheme, being at length realized.---Athe-
UCeUM
. .
• Orders have been received at Buckingham Palace to have
the royal apartments ready for the reception of the Queen
and the court 'on Tuesday next, when her Majesty is_ex-
'pected to come. to • toWn• far the season. The palace is still
!filled with wia•rkmen, of whom there are about 300 employed
yin carrying into effect the alterations and improvements in the
'interior
of the splendid. edifice:
THE HOUSE or CHNIMONS.—The interior of the House of
Commons is tilled with carpenterai painters, &c., who are
employed in making the necessary alterations preparatory to
the introduction of the Bude light, which is to be trredon the
.first day of the session.. The chandeliers have been removed,
and in order to give effect to the light the workmen are making
the ceiling of the purest white.,

" Several English families of high rank," says a corre-
spondent at -Nice,. "have taken up their residence here for
the winter; our. visiters in general are numerous, and the
season promises to be gay. The weather is peculiarly fine.
The therniotheter is at.6o and 62 Fahrenheit, and we have
fresh green peas and- strawberries on our tables.
CRUELTY.—The New York Enquirer of the 2d instant
says some demi-savages at Cambridge, Massachusetts, co-
:vered a valuable horse all over` with spirit of tar, and set him
'on fire. A woman seeing him run by, horse and harness, all
in flames, thought it was the' pale horse •in the Apocalypse.
The barbarian actors in the scene had to pay 100 dollars and
costs: •• • • • -

Dr. Hastings has obtained the answer of her Majesty's
Attorney-General to the case submitted to him, 'and that
learned gentleman is of opinion that it is only town coun-
cillors, and not aldermen, who are liable to be tined for re-
fusing to serve the office of Mayor. The Doctor will, in
consequence, have the £5O fine returned.—Worcester Jour-
nal.

CONGLETON.—It is with much regret we learn that a very
large number"of the working classes in Congleton, are at
:present suffering severe privation. It is contemplated to
adopt some public measures for their relief, and we are sure
'that they who are blessed with the means of 'assisting their
distressed fellow-creatures, will not be found deficient in the
inclination.—Macclesfield Courier.
' On the 4th of October a hostile meeting took place at
'Vouria, between Lieut. and Lieut. H—, the former
attended by Lieut. R—, and the latter by Lieut. W. G.
M—. After an exchange of two shots each with no effect,
the interference of their respective friends amicably tenni-
natedthis unpleasant affair, upon which both parties shook
hands, and left the ground.—United Service Gazette.
RARE SHOT.—On Tuesday, a couple of young " hoopers "
gigantic birds of the swan kind, but larger than the wild
swan, were shot -at Barford, by James Baker, son of Mr.
Baker, of the Anchor Inn; . they weighed together 441 b.
They were seen on the' Ouse, in the neighbourhood of this
town. It is supposed they must have been driven from their
natural huts in the north of Scotland by severe weather.—
Bedford Mercury.
Daniel O'Connell' sometimes commits himself to a most
disgusting mixture of, cant and ruffianism. On Tuesday he
outdid his worst, in an outrageous attack on Lord Brougham,
whom he reproached with want of feeling for the death of
his daughter, and with " parading" as chief mourner at the
funeral. Some brute cried " Hear, hear," while the Libe-
rator played the blackguardl—Glasgow Argus (a radical
paper).

The new. church at Boughton; in this county, which .has
been built upon a wet, loose soil, has been for some time
subsiding, but the late:rains have so impaired the foundation,
that the tower at the western extremity first sank and then
fell to the ground, .-and the other appears also to be sinking
very fast. Of course the whole presents a most ruinous
appearance.—Kent Herald.

RUNCORN BAZAAR.—It is intended to hold a Bazaar for
the sale of useful and ornamental articles, in Runcorn, early
next summer, the proceeds of which will go towards defray-
ing the expenses incurred in. erecting the Infant and Sunday
Schools, in conjunction with Trinity Church. Lord Francis
Egerton, M.P., hits° been a liberal subscriber, and many
others have followed his noble example Chester Courant.

CHRISTMAS PRESENT.—On the eve.of Christmas-day, we
were favoured with the sight of the rind of a huge turnip, in
which was packed one pheasant, two rabbits, two partridges,
four snipes, two larks, and one duck. The turnip was grown
upon Woodplumpton-hall estate, and with the contents was
sent as a present by Mr. Richard Jackson, to his relative the
Very Rev. Dr. Calvert, warden of the Collegiate Church of
Manchester.—Preston Chronicle.

QUANTITY OF MALT USED. BY THE LONDON BREWERS
1N 1839.—The total quantity of malt used by public brewers
in London, in the year ending October 10, 1839, was 753,172

qrs.', being an increase of 7,5'14 qrs. over the year preceding;
of which increaseione brewery alone (that of Barclay, Per-
kins, and C 0.,) amounted to 7,375 qrs., and the whole quan-
tity brewed by that establishment, in the time before stated,
was '114,8x.7. qrs.
EASTBOURNE.--Ne lament to announce the.death of our
,distinguished and. highly respected townsman, Davies Gil-
bert, 'Fisq.; D.C.14., which took place early on Tuesday
morning.
,He was late president of the Royal Society, and
many years member of parliament for Bodmin, previously to
the passing of reform bill, at which time he retired frompublic life, on account of infirmities increasing upon him.
He was deeply versed in scientific knowledge, and was the
author of several excellent works.—Brighton Gazette.
RATE OF INTEREST AT ROCIIDALE.—On Friday last, in
the Court of Requests at Rochdale, a person claimed .7C7 as
money lent to a green-grocer from the Thursday till Monday.
On the_cross-examinatien of the witnesses, it turned out that
the interest agreed to be paid for the luau of this sum for

four days, wa;3s.. .6d. which is after the rate of A:228 2s. 6d.

per cent per annum. The claimant was in the weekly practice
of lending money at the same profitable rate of interest, to
the green7grocers.—Manchester Guardian.

QT-1.1.T.E -Stint.Nca QUITE SATISFIED.—A distinction
between. ".quiteesure;" and "quite satisfied," was happily
exemplified at the city registry, on examination, by. Air. Pike,
nfu freeman, who came up to register in right of marriage :
Mr. Pike : Are you quite sure you are married ? Freeman :
Oh! yes,-quite sure.. Mr. pike: But, witness, are you
quite satisfied that you are married ? Freeman : Quite sa-
stisfied ? Oh, I am not bound to answer that question.
Court.: You are not. • It might be productive of family broils.
". The last dying:speech and confession of the O'Connell
ministry, as delivered by that notorious offender,. at Tralee,
on Thursday week, being a full, true, and particular account "
of the nefarious practices which have brought• him .and his
companions to so disgraceful an end!"—such is the.fit style
for the burly, blusterer's-last exhibition, at which Sear and
rage added venom to his -habitual malice. His speeCh is one
frantic yell of despairutthe approaching downfall of hint and
his. He always.rantednow he raves.—John Bull.
SPLENDID DOINGS !—The Suffolk Chronicle says:--" At
the last meeting of the town council of Bury St. Edmunds,
after the ordinary business -had been concluded, Sir R. M.
Rolfe, one of the Barons of- her Majesty's Exchequer, was •
invited into the
.council -chamber, and being seated by the
side of the mayor, he was presented with a splendid silver-
gilt salver, on which was au eulogistic inscription in honour
of his abilities and justice during his twelve years'. splendid
services to the corporation as recorder of that borough,,
Baron Rolfe returned thanks in a neat speech, after which
• he partook of a splendid luncheon,, given by the mayor to the-
corporation, in the banquetting-room of the Guildhall.
EFFECTS OF THE LATE EARTLIqUAKE.—Since the period •
of the late earthquake in November, which extended over
most of Scotland, and was, felt also, in various parts of the.
Continent, several wells and. springs of water in the neigh-
bourhood of InvernesS have been dry. On. the high-tables
lam!, or elevated flat between the LeyS and Inverness there
are a number of wells, which were never without 'three or
four feet of water in-the most sultry season, but all of *Welt.
are now dried-up.- The Rex'. Mr. Fyvie informs Ais that the
-same has occurred in the vicinity of his residence at Rose-
bank, and that the people now resort to- anitnaskiaseh• &an
for supplies -of water. The concussion probably closed up
some horizontal strata of rock through which the'water had
its course.—lnverness Courier.
YORK OPERATIVE PROTESTANT ASSOCIATION.—We are
• happy to state that this • society, which was originated but a
few months ago, by a few zealous operatives, is extending its
numbers considerably, and its list of numbers of members now
contains 700 names. A deputation from the society has
opened a similar society in the city of Ripon, and we hear it
'is intended to institute like societies in the other towns of
Yorkshire. The -Papists have established a " York Catholic
Society,'-' which is to hold its meetings " every Sunday, irti
mediately after mass." The terms of membership are, an
entrance of is. and a subscription of Is. annually, which se-
-cures to the subscriber that .after his death " Mass should be
said, and prayers offered for the repose of the soul," of such
member.—Standard. •
THE NEW VICAR OF •ROCHDALE.—It cannot but be a
source of the most sincere gratification to the well-wishers of
the Protestant church, to witness the laudable dispensation
by the venerable Diocesan of Canterbury, of the gifts which
fall to his disposal. The valuable vicarage of Rochdale, in
Lancashire, has just become vacant, and the Archbishop with
a view to supply the spiritual necessities of. an extensive and
populous town,- has appointecl4o-the,prefertnent- one of the
most talented, orthodox, and exemplary clergymen of the
-establishment... The Rev. Dr. Molesworth has been pre-
sented with the living ; and whilstue cannot but spmpathize

. .
with the parishioners of Minister, and the residents of Can-
terbury and the neighbourhood at the almost irreparable loss
they will suffer by the departure of the reverend gentleman
froM Kent.. We congratulate the friends of the church at
Rochdale upon their valuable acquisition.—Kentish Gazelle.
CURIOUS FORGERY.—ORIGIN OF NEWSPAPERS.—Since
the year 1794, when Mr. Chalmers published his " Life of
Ruddiman," it has been very generally believed that a news-
paper, called the English Mercurie, written and published by
the orders of Lord Burleigh, in 1558, the period of the inva-
sion of England by the armada, was the first newspaper which
ever existed. In late times this opinion has received exten-
sive circulation, from having been adopted in a great number
of popular works. Nor has it been confined to England.
Several encyclopaedias and conversation lexicons, published
abroad, have repeated it. By a little publication, entitled,
" A Letter to A. Paimizzi, Esq.," by Thomas Watts, of the
British Museum, this opinion, after being current for forty
years, is proved to be wholly without foundation. The
authority-on which it was believed was that of Mr. Chalmers ;

•
and he stated it after inspecting some copies of the Mercuric.,
which are preserved in the British Museum. On the 4th
instant, however, Mr. Watts was induced to refer to the
English Mercurie : and, before he had examined it two mi-
nutes, he was forced to conclude that it was altogether a
forgery. Further inspection satisfied him, and satisfied all
the officers of 'the tnUseuni, and every person who has seen
it, that the whole of the English Mercuric, of -which there
are five numbers in the museum, printed and in manuscript,
are forgeries. The letter, of which the object is to lay the
proofs of the forgery, and the conjectures by whom it was
committed before the public, establishes beyond a doubt the
spuriousness of this pretended newspaper ; and that it was
forged in the eighteenth century. One proof will suffice.
One of the manuscripts from which a copy is printed, bears
the water mark of the royal arms, with ne initials G. R.
By whom this extraordinary document was forged, and for
what purpose, is as yet wholly unexplained. Chatterton,
George Stevens, and W. Rufus Chetwood, are mentioned as
the possible authors; but no motive, except the love of fun
or mischief, is assigned as the cause.of the forgery. More
singular still is it that this palpable forgery should have re-
mained so long detected, Hundreds of authors, many of
them living in London, have repeated Mr. Chahners's state-
ment, and not one, appears to have ascertained if it were

justified. One would suppose even that this extraordinary
document could never have been opened by any librarian or
officer of the museum. Examples are by no means wanting
of many similar literary frauds ; but repetitions of such for-
geries continuing undetected so long, and finally detected,
are enough to thrOw discredit on the greater part of what is
called history. When such things occur under our eyes,
.with all the help of modern publicity, who will venture to -
answer for the authenticity of any documents. xpore,.tlunt
thousand years old ?—Literary Gazelle. ,

PREMIUMS OF INSURANCE AT LLOYD'S.
Outward. i Home.
LONDON & LIVERPOOL, • -----
to .... .... ••••
Jamaica 2ss Od@ 30 0 60s Od Gloos 0
Lee Ward Isl. Dem. & Berbiee 2O 0— 25 0 30 0 --#. 40 0
Honduras 5O 0 -- 105 0 —147 0
New York, Boston 4O 0 --- 20 0— 25 0
Charleston, Savannah
. '
New Orleans
Havana 5O 0— 60 0 50 0— 60 0
Canada — 116 0 —l6B 0
British North America 66 0 126 0 —l6B 0
80 0 40 0
Newfoundland..
Brazils
River Plate
35 0— 40 0 30 0
East Indies
35 0— 40 0 35 0— 40 0
China
— 6 O 0— 70 0
Batavia 4O 0 40 0
New South Wales
40 0— 45 0 40 0
Cape of Good Hope
Africt 3O 1) 126 0
Gibraltar
Lima, Valparaiso, &e. - 60 0 40 0
Malta, Sicily, &c. ..:.. ..... , 2O o—. -- 20 0— 25 0
Smyrna and. Constantinople 4O 0 30 0
Malaga • . • • 55 0 20 0
Madeira 2O 0 20 0
Western Isles, Cape de Verds —
Lisbon
Cadiz 2O 0— 25 0 20 0— 25 0
France
Holland 6O 0 -__ 60 0 _
.
Ilanahitrg, Bremen, &c,
GotteillAtrg, Stockholm
- -
• PeOribtirg, Riga, &c.
Oporto
