LONDON LAW REPORT.

COURT OF EXCHEQUER, WESTMINSTER, Nov. 6.
. ,
L ONT v. TWIRL!, ALL AN I) ANOTHER.—Mr. Alexander moved
on the part of the defendants to set aside the verdict for the
plaintiff, and to enter a nonsnit. The cause was tried at the
last assizes, at Liverpool, for the southern division of Lan-
cashire, before the Lord Chief Baron, when a verdict was found
for the plaintiff, with leave for the defendants to make this ap-
plication.
The plaintiff, Joseph Bullos Lunt, was a soapboiler at Li-
verpool, and the defendants, John Threlfall and Henry Keale,
were wholesale grocers there. The action was brought to re-
cover £ll6, the amount claimed by the plaintiff as the balance
due to him on a bill of exchange for £232 7s. 5d., of which the
plaintiff was drawer, and the defendants acceptors. The de-
fence was, that the defendants were indebted to several other
creditors in varions other sums, the particulars of which they
`set out in their plea, and that' they were unable to pay more
than 10s. in the pound, whereupon they offered to the creditors
and to the plaintiff to pay-them that compensation, which the
creditors and plaintiff agreed to accept—that the creditors did
take that composition, and forbore to sue, and the plea thcn
stated that 'the defendants paid the plaintiff £ll6 3s. 8141., be-
•ing the amount of their composition ; hot the plaintiff would not
give up the bill, but suddenly and fraudently seized the money,
and refused to deliver up the bill unless the amount was paid,
`and kept both bill and money. At the trial it was proved that
'the plaintiff had agreed to take the composition, and Andrew
,Buchan, the defendant's clerk, stated he went by the direction
of defendant to pay the composition; saw the plaintiff, and put
-the money-on the desk; the plaintiff said it was not sufficient,
on which witness took it up, whereupon the plaintiff seized it,
and said he would give credit for it, but would not give up the
bill until the whole was paid. Mr. Alexander urged that
it wami scandalous transaction, and that the plaintiff ought not
to be allowed to recover; but Lord Abinger, who tried the
'cause, said there was no proof given at the trial that the other
creditors accepted and took the composition, and therefore the
defendants had not made out their defence as stated in their
plea, and therefore, however he regretted it, the verdict for the
plaintiff must stand.—Rule refused.

COURT OF CHANCERY, SATURDAY, Nov. 7.

The master of the rolls and Mr. Justice Bosanquet sat to-day
in the Court of Chancery as Lords Commissioners. This was
the first sitting ofthe court during the present term.
THE ATTORNEY-GENERAL V. THE SOCIETY FOR THE CON-
VERSION OF NEGRO SLAVES.—Mr. Wigram said he had to ap-
ply to the court for an order in this case. Their lordships were
probably aware that many years since a gentleman named
Robert Boyle, by will bequeathed a very large sum of money,
the interest of which he directed to be applied to the ,conversion
of negro slaves in certain of the West India Islands. By let-
ters patent, granted in the seventeenth century, a..society for
the administration of this fund was incorporated, under the title
of "The society for the conversion of negro slaves." Since the
passing of the West India relief bill, however, there were, in
fact, no negro slaves, consequently the bishop of London, as
head of the society, applied to the court for a reference to the
master to approve of a scheme for the administration of the
fund. The master reported that the benefits ought to be ex-
tended to those who had once been in slavery, but who were
now released under the emancipation bill. This scheme was
not objected to, hut the society, with the consent of the attor-
ney-general, and all parties interested, wished the benefits of
the fund to be extended to all the West India islands (not a
few), and also to the Mauritius. He (Mr. W.) therefore hoped
the court would make an order to that effect, without reference
to the master.
Their lordships said, as all parties consented, they would
make an order to extend the benefits of the charity as prayed.
