JU LA 7, 1•;35.

• ...M..* ••••••• la.e:•1•0.11.

;„ ,~,+aN+»~.rrMi`?~*~~xu"-~'rw«.tawic~nro. ~~~

liberty, and in the indulgence of vicious habits, he will
perish by-his own hands, nut a snicide, but the v.ictitu of
British folly. The subjoined extracts will, we feat, be
read with painful interest :

. (From the Lc iniptan Chronicle, 25th May.)
The mail which was forwarded by the steamer yesterday will
convey to Great Britain the memorial and the evidence of the
Jamaica planters relative to the inefficient operation of the new
system. It will assure those who have been deceived, that the
proprietors here are a plundered and persecuted body—that they
have been robbed of the fruits of their own industry, and denied
the right of stimulating labour—that they are burdened with an
expensive police, and taxed with a supine and vicious popula-
tion, who lumber the land they refuse to till;—and that far
trout improvement, order, and Morality springing from the po-
pular boon; idleness, disorder, and licentiousness have been the
manifest result. The capitalists of the island are the victims of
a withering cliOiganization ;--they are robbed, insulted, and
oppressed. Crimes of the most atrocious.-character have, since
the:latof August, been perpetrated by negroes, who have inva-
riably escape with impunity,* and it would appear, that the
police instituted has instructions to hunt out white and protect
&lack nffenders ! Without a thorough reformation of this cor-
rupt aud.demoralizing system, nothing can be done to develope
the. resources .of the laud, rich in uncultivated treasures, and
which, with
ty7 proper attention, might become a blessing to the
cou
at large, and now only requiring the hand of the willing
agricu turist to bring them forth. We must have a just polity
established amongst us, calculated to restrain the savage and
unbridled license of the negro population—to teach them due
obedience to the law, and convince them that guilt cannot es-
cape with impunity. The inhabitants of this fine colony require
only fair play and justice to make them the most industrious,
l'eaoeable, and thriving petiole
in the British dominions, but
whilst they continue to be thwarted the perverse and preju-
diced, faction, whose plottium and interference excite misery
and confusion wherever.tltey, prevail, this unfortunate colony,
like unhappy Ireland, will he the prey of demagogues, and the
victim of servile war and official spoliation.

( From the Jamaica Herald 19th May.)
We again allude to the Observili* Lord Abet leen, that
`the system works well in the coloni , and that there will be
an average crop of sugar.' Lord AberTein is much mistaken—
he is misinformed. We asserted lately, that his Excellency
Lord
.Sligo.is. anxious for favourable reports from stipendiaries.
We did not mean that he is improperly anxious, ol that he re-
quired false reports; he is very naturally and vely laudably
anxious fur good accounts—and he would be highly culpable
were he not so. His anxiety stimulates the special magistrates,
end they stimulate the negioes; as for the poor
_planters, the
,tewil W
drives them—they want no further stimulus. e trust that
in our ne:tt session of the bon, house some member will move
for a return of ingar estates-thrOwn up within the last one, two,
and three years—and also for a return of all levies under writs
of the collecting constables during the same period. Facts are
the stuff to teas-on on—and when Lord Sligo and Lord Aber-
deen see a statement of these facts, they will be able to com-
pare notes correctly, and they may use with propriety the words
eit-the great cardinal' Well, we shall then know more; and
Buckingham shall lessen his big look.' The negroes are eman-
Ciliated, and we have sixty-one stipendiary magistrates, and a
pretty considerable police force to set them an example of in-
ditstry. These are nice dears; it was intended that they should
cultivate the earth: but they only eat of the fruits thereof, and
drink thereof, and crawl about the surface thereof in a most
inglorious fashion. An average crop of sugar!—an extra crop
of police—and sixty-one stipendiaries to do that duty for which
the local magistrates are as unfitted by the times as Lord 11u1-
grave himself ! For our own part, we say that there never was
political measure conceived or executed in such profound
ignorance, and with so utter a disregard to reason, justice, add
experience,.as_ this measure of changing the title of the black
peasantry from slaves to apprentices It is in vain to say the
people of England did it. The people of England were spirited
up by preachers, impostors, knaves, needy sycophants, and
ignorant fanatics, to perpetrate, under the name of humanity,
the grossest act of ruffian dishonesty ever perpetrated by man.
The people of England were the criminals in the first instance
--they established slavery—they fattened on the fruits of it—
and they abolished it at the expense of their own victims—but
they would'not have suffered to he done this last injustice, if
fanaticism had not blinded their reason and hardened their
.bearts. Ti.at the abolition should take place we admit—slavery
never should have existed; but the criminal should pay the for-
feit of the law. The victims should have been indemnified."

• ( From the Jamaica Despatch of the 25th May.)
We are enabled fur once to show that the Marquis of Sligo
appears to be in earnest with regard to the mode of obtaining
information respecting the working of the new system. Had
fiis lordship commenced in this straightforward, honest course,
every man in the island would have voluntarily furnished his
excellency with every information; but as the sole object of
his inquiries did not appear to extend beyond the present crop;
which was by no means a fair mole of arriving at the truth,
every reluctance was exhibited to gratify the governor with
;14good accounts," for the purpose of bolstering up the whig
ls:governmont of the colonies.
The following questions were submitted by one of the sti-
pendiaries of St. George to a proprietor of that parish, and we
”r no doubt they will be answered in a spirit of fairness.
he eleventh question will elecit the truth, viz. that the prepa-
-rations for next year's crop are not as forward as usual at the
same period of the year—but farther, that in some cases no pre-
paranoias whatever have been made, and that in consequence
'much cane land must be thrown out of cultivation :
QI.:ESTMISS PROPOSED nv THE STIPENDIARY MAGI3TRATE
' ST. GEOLIBE, BY OIIDKII OF HIS EXCELLENCY THE GO-
V.ERNoR. (Circular.)
1. now much simar did von make from Ist August, 1833,
'to Ist April, 1834?
2. How much did. you make fioin it August, 1831, to Ist
April, 1835 ?
3. How munch did you make from Ist April to Ist August,

4. How much do you expect to make from Ist April to Ist
August, 18.35?
5. How dO you 'aCeniint .fUr the differece• if any?
Do pour peOple wink on the eight or nine • hours a day
4ystem? •

If
.sO, hwv many hours?
. J. 'flo,you. pay them in money, time, or allowailee?
10.' At *hat rate do you pay them ?
11. Are the preparations for next year's crop as fOrtcar d a
usual at this period of the year? • •
Belle Vue, April 23, 1836.
- -

(From the Jamaica Derpateh, 18th May.)
A case Of unparalleled oppression on the part of Mr. special
magistrate BoUrne, took'place on the 14th instant. A Noting
maw of respectability, who is a book-keeper on Clifton Mount
Plintition, in St. Andrew's, had some misunderstanding with
one of the apprentices on that property; words ensued, and
blows followed. The apprentice applied to Mr. Bourne, who
issued his warrant against the young gentleman, with orders to
hare him committed to the house of correction. On the warrant
(of which the following is a copy) being served, substantial
hail was offered for the young man's appearance at the quarter
"'ions, but refused by orderof Mr. Bourne, who would not be
satisfied unleSs he had the satisfaction of sending a man of far
greater respectability than himself like a common vagrant to
the house of correction. About 12 o'clock at night, the serge-
ant of police, in pursuance of bis orders, took his prisoner to
the residence of the stipendiary, who began to think seriously of
the situation in which he had involved himself; and in conse-
quence offered to take the bail of two of his own black servants,
provided the party in custody would ask them to become his
taindsinen. The prisoner declined to ask any favours from
Mr. Bourne's black menials, observint the same time—
" Good bail was offered to you, and Novti refused it; 1 am now
read, to obey the warrant issued in the name of his majesty."
He was.accordingly committed to the house of. correctiou at
_a
Ifway-tiee ; and as a refinement on special justice, the
keeper was restrained froM taking bail for two days after his
trrunittal.
!s.r. Bourne If this is not tyranny, we know not what is; and
in Jain • will find to his cost that there are other tribunals
aicis to appeal to, without being under the necessity of
submitting quietly to the injustice of wickedly-disposed spe-
cial magistrates. The conduct of Mr. Bourne is so inconsistent,
and so much at variance with common sense, that in common
charity we are willing to make some allowance for conduct
et+hch must be the effect of Madam Luna's influence, or some
other approximating cause. But while he remains in a respon-
sible situation, he must he held accountable for his actions • and
it is hoped the voting uentleinan so infamously treated will
redress at the Vends of a jury of his countrymen :
JAMAICA, ss,
Stephen • Bourne, Esq., one of the justices of our lord the
King, assigned to keep the peace within the said island, and
holding special commission in order to cony into effect the laws
for the abolition of slavery; to the serjeant of police and his
assistants; to my constable, Prince Walls, all in the parish
of St. Andrew's, in the said island; and to the keeper of the
house of correction at Halfway Tree, in the parish of St. An-
drew's, in the island of Jamaica.
These are. to. command you, the said sedeant of police and the
said constable, forthwith to convey and deliver into the custody
of this said: keeper of the said house of correction the hotly of
Daniel M!Leen, charged upon the oath of William Hamilton,
Of eliftnn Mount, in the said parish of St. Andrew's, with linv-
irllasSaulted hint in a cruel and violent manner on the night of
Wednesday, the 3d instant; and You, the said keeper, are
hereby required to receive the said Daniel M`Lean into your
• ~ustria, in the said house of correction, and him there safely
keep. until, he shall be thein'e delivered by due course of law,
litirein. fail voiii bat.
• (liven rinsieriny ban' rind seal the 14th Ilasi of Mtry*."in.the
fifth Near of the reign of his said Majesty. William the Fourth.
(Signed) STEPHEN BOURNE (Seal.)
' 'case the prisoner should offer von good and suf-
ficient hail for his appearance at the Crown (Ace on Saturday,
the 16th instant, you are hereby authorized to receive the same,
and to discharge the prisoner.

The Montreal Herald of the 12th of June contains an
able article on the conduct, the pretensions, -and the
venality of a person called JOHN ARTHUR ROEBUCK, It
is by far too long for our present number, but we shall
endeavour to indulge the reader with a perusal of it on
Friday.

The champions of liberty and hereditary rights have
sailed from the Isle of Dogs; in other words, seven
hundred ragged and unprincipled mercenaries have em-
bkrked foe the shores of Spain, there to vindicate the
claims of ISABELLA, daughter of FERDINAND,' the be-
loved !" ItiS a singular coincidence that the whigs of
tngland Should take so deep an interest in the reputed
daughter of a man whom they ridiculed, libelled, and
held up to detestation while he lived. He who, while be
was in duress, embroidered flowers for a petticoat dedica-
ted to the Virgin MARY, was the peculiar object of their
anoers and their' invectives. He was considered by the.
whigs as a bigotted idiot, unworthy to govern in any ci-
vilized country. The mean and moneploving tyrant
who held FERDINAND in bondage, and for some time de-
prived him of. his crown, was the object of their un-
h.nunded admiration. BONAPARTE was the idol of all
the infidels, levellers, and other scoundrels of this coun-
try. How often have we heard a violent jacnbin, who
admired the principles professed by Fox, and embodied
in the whig toasts of the dav, pray that the British army
•F

• or the truth of this statement we Fluesl to the escape of
incendiaries and murderers. (thieves we put cut of the question.)man who sttangled his overseer for a mere reprimand,
Vieth to negligence, has never been brought to justice.

•,- -

in Spain and Portugal might be driven into the sea by
the generals of BAPARTE! How often have vie heard
them drink confusion to Sir ARTHUR WELLESIth and
his invading horde! It is some consolation to reflect that
many of the traitors and hoary liberals of that day now
sleep in unknown graves. Fulfilling the words of Sir
