CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE FOR 1838.
(Concluded from our last.)
JULY
2 Mr. Ward's motion to introduce into the Irish Tithe
Bill the principle of appropriation of the surplus revenues of
the church is rejected, by the House of Commons, and the
house goes into committee on the bill.
3 A new treaty of commerce is concluded between Great
Britain and Austria.
4 The southern part of Yorkshire and part of the county
of Lancaster is visited by a terrific storm of thunder and hail,
in the course of which much property is destroyed and many
lives lost.
6 The official table of the revenue for the quarter shows
an increase of £364.352, as compared with the last quarter,
and a decrease of £1,102,627 in the year.
During a thunderstorm the electric fluid strikes a house
at Kensington and two persons are killed.
The House of Commons negatives a motion for increa-
sing the income of the Duke of Sussex.
8 The Great Western steam-ship arrives at Bristol, hav-
ing accomplished the voyage from New York in the short
space of 121 days.
9 The Irish Poor Law Bill passes the House of Lords.
Her majesty, accompanied by most of the foreign am-
bassadors who came over for the coronation, reviews the house-
hold troops and other regiments in Hyde Park.
10 The Irish Tithe Bill goes through a committee of the
House of Commons.
Lord Brougham moves, in the House of Lords, for the
production of any Admiralty orders issued to the commanders
of British ships, to prevent the entry of Sardinian vessels into
the ports of Spain. The number on a division being equal,
the motion was consequently lost.
12 Johu Rickey, convicted of the wilful murder of Serjeant
James Hamilton, of the 12th Lancers, is sentenced to death,
but subsequently respited, and the sentence commuted to
transportation for life.
13 A grand banquet is given by the corperation of the city
of London to all the foreign ambassadors, and other distin-
guished personages present in London on the occasion of her
Majesty's coronation.
14 The Rev. Michael Augustus Gathercole is found guilty
at York of having published a scandalous libel respecting a
society of nuns at Scorton, in Yorkshire.
17 Destruction, by tire, of the Theatre du Vaudeville, at
Paris.
David Patterson, a schoolmaster at Lanark, is found
guilty, and sentenced to 18 months' imprisonment for having
occasioned the death of a school boy by ill treatment.
19 A Bill for Preventing the Holding of Vestries and other
Parochial Meetings in Churches, is thrown out by the House
of Commons.
20 Death of Sir l'ulteney Malcolm.
25 An Act for the Abolition of Arrest for Debt on Mesne
Process passes the House of Commons.
26 The Irish Tithe Bill is read a third time in the House
of Commons, and passed.
27 Honora M'Carthy is found guilty at Cork of having
offered for sale, to an apothecary, a boy aged eight years, for
the purpose of dissection.
Mirza Hydur Shekoh, a prince of the house of Timour,
is executed at Delhi for the murder of his wife.
28 A revolution takes place in the northern departments
of Peru, which declare against the confederation.
Remechido, the Miguelite guerilla chief, is taken pri-
soner, and his force, consisting of 248 men, defeated.
30 The House of Lords reject the Custody of Infants Bill.
Lords Brougham and Ellenborough denounce, in the
House of Lords, the ordinances of the Earl of Durham, sub-
jecting to death any of the pardoned recoiled Canadians who
should return from transportation.
Birth of the Duchess of Wirtemberg's son, who receives
the name of Philip Alexander Mary Ernest.
31 The Marquis of Waterford, Sir Frederick Johnstone,
and others, are found guilty of an assault at Melton Mow-
bray, and sentenced each to pay a fine of £2OO.
AUGUST
1 Abolition of slavery in the British colonies. The event
is celebrated in the republic of Hayti with great rejoicings.
The French government, by means of its ambassador
tothe Helvetic confederation, formally demands the expulsion
of Louis Bonaparte from the state of Thurgovia, in Switzer-
land.
2 The House of Commons takes into consideration the
lords' amendments in the Irish Municipal Corporations Bill.
Lord J. Russell proposes an £B. qualification. The house
divides: when the numbers are, for the motion 169, against
it 154—majority for the motion 15.
The Portuguese guerilla chief, Remechido, is shot at
Faro.
3 The Tithes (Ireland) Bill goes through committee in
the House of Lords.
6 Great meeting of the working classes at Holloway Head,
near Birmingham.
Serious affray at Dewsbury, at the adjourned meeting
of the board of guardians at that place.
7 Lord Brougham brings under the notice of the House of
Lords the question of the illegality of the ordinances of the
Earl of Durham.
The Lords reject the Commons' amendments as to the
qualification in the Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Bill,
there being for the Commons' amendments 67, for the Lords'
amendments 141—majority 77.
9 Lord Brougham moves the second reading of the bill to
indemnify those who have issued or dated under the Canada
ordinances. The motion is opposed by ministers, and the
house divides, when the numbers are, for the second reading
54, against it 36—majorit y in favour of the bill 18.
The Tithes (Ireland) Bill is read a third time in the
House of Lords, and passed.
The lords having delivered their reasons for disagreeing
to the commons' amendments in the Municipal Corporations
(Ireland) Bill, and the commons persisting in their amend-
ments, Lord J. Russell moves that the lords' reasons be
taken into consideration " this day three months." The
motion is agreed to, and the bill is consequently deferred for
the present session.
William Price and Thomas Mears, alias Tyler, com-
panions of Courtenay, are found guilty of the murder of
Nicholas Mears, at the vide of Dunkirk.
10 The other prisoners, companions of Courtenay, plead
guilty to the indictment charging them with the murder of
Lieut. Bennett, and are subsequently sentenced to trans-
portation or imprisonment.
11 Mr. Justice Lilly, whilst on the bench, at Newfound-
land, is arrested by warrant from the speaker of the House
of Assembly. in consequence of deciding against the privi-
leges assumed by the house.
13 The Canada Indemnity Bill is read a third time to the
House of Lords, and passed.
14 The Dublin Gazette announces three new murders, for
which rewards are offered by government.
Lord J. Russell introduces the Canada Indemnity Bill
in the House of Commons, and states his views on the sub-
ject. The bill passes through one stage.
The coroner's jury on the body of Andrew Brown, who
was killed by the explosion of the boiler of the Victoria,
Hull steam-vessel, returns a verdict of accidental death, de-
claring the boilers to have been unsafe, and levies a deodand
of £1,500 upon the boiler.
Lord Lyndhurst presents a petition to the House of
Lords, from the merchants of Glasgow, complaining of the
depressions of commerce.
15 The Canada Indemnity Bill is read a third time in the
House of Commons, and passed.
Information arrives of Mr. M'Neil, British envoy to
the court of Persia, having broken off all communication
with the Schah, in consequence of the Schah's perseverance
in the siege of Herat.
At a meeting at the Corn Exchange, in Dublin, Mr.
O'Connell gives notice of his intention to propose a new
plan to obtain justice for Ireland, or a repeal of the union.
16 Her Majesty goes in state to the House of Lords, and,
after giving her assent to all the remaining public and pri-
vate bills, prorogues Parliament till October.
18 Mr. O'Connell proposes his new plan of agitation,
which consists in the formation of a society, to be called the
" Precursors' Society."
General Oraa raises the siege of Morrella, " the ene-
my having shown a decided resolution to defend the place."
.22 Charles Flower Mirfin is shot in a duel on Wimbledon-
common, by a person named Elliot.
13 Birth of Louis Philip Albert, Count of Paris, son of the
Duke and Duchess of Orleans. The Municipal Council of
Paris vote the young prince a sword.
24 Execution of Devey, at Birmingham, for the murder of
Mr. Davenport.
26 Died, aged 79, Sir John Nicholl, who had been for
many years judge, successively of the Arches', Prerogative,
and Aumiralty Courts of England.
28 Angelina Prow, indicted with Henry Myers, for the
murder of her husband, is tried at the Old Bailey and ac-
quitted.
A grand Te DEust, at which the King and royal family
of France is present, is celebrated at the Cathedral of Notre
Dame at Paris, on the occasion of the birth of the son of the
Duke and Duchess of Orleans.
22 Dinah Jones and Ann Byrom, who had been sentenced
to death at Chester for infanticide, are respited by her Ma•
jesty's commands.
