LOCAL.

EXCHANGE NEWS-ROOM.—In our last publication we
took the liberty of calling the attention of the .proprie-
tors and subscribers to the Exchange Buildings, to the
recent alterations relative to the papers taken in the
News-room. The universal feeling of disapprobation
Which we then stated to exist, was not permitted to lie
dormant. In the course of the day a protest was placed
on one of the tables of the room, against the undue pre-
ference which had been given to what are termed the
liberal papers. By the following afternoon the protest had
received above four hundred signatures, including both
Whigs and Tories. The sub-committee, observing the
sensation Which was created, withdrew the protest from
the room, and appointed a meeting to take place yester-
day, with a deputation of the memorialists. At this meet-
ing there were present, on the part of the sub-committee,
—Mr. John Carter, Mr. Robert Gill, Mr. John Lynch,
and Mr. James Wrigley; and, on the part of the memo-
rialists, about a dozen gentlemen. The result of the in-
terview was, the rescinding of the obnoxious alterations,
and the adoption of several improvements which were
pointed out. Mr. Carter, on behalf of himself and the
gentlemen present, disclaimed having been actuated by
party motives in the alterations which had been made.
Mr. Thomas Bolton, whom we before mentioned as one
of the acting sub-committee, was not present, being, we
are informed, out of town.—The circumstances which we.
have felt it our duty thus publicly to expose, may suggest
to the subscribers to the different newsrooms the pro-
priety of examining the lists of papers taken in their
respective rooms.

IRISH CLERGY.—We understand, that in conformity with a
resolution which was passed at the meeting of clergymen, held
in this place on Monday last, to consider the best means of re-
lieving the distress of the clergy in Ireland, several of the mi-
nisters of the establishment purpose having collections at their
respective churches ou Sunday, the 24th instant. We trust the
amount received may bear some proportion to the urgency and
importance of the cat'.

CAPT. BACK, R.N., arrived in town yesterday, for the pur-
pose of starting upon his enterprising undertakin6r in search of
Captain Ross. He dined, last evening, with the Alayor, at the
Town-hall, and, We understand, will embark to-morrow, in the
Hibernia Packet-ship, for New York. Captain B. appears in
good health and spirits, and having already been three times
in the north, 'in company with Captain Franklin, must have
had sufficient experience to qualify him for the important ob-
ject he has in view. Most heartily do we wish him success.
Wednesday evening, a party of nearly two hundred gentle-
men sat down to dinner at the New Angel Hotel, Dale-street,
to celebrate the opening of that establishment. Jas. Braneker,
Esq. in the chair. The dinner was served in Mr. Towers's best
style. The wines were excellent, and the party enjoyed them-
selves until a late hour. Mr. Stubbs attended with his very
efficient band.

In our obituary of this day, it is our melancholy duty to re-
cord the death of Mr. Henry Adam, fruit-merchant of this
town. Mr. Adam was on board a vessel on Saturday last, when
his foot accidentally slipped and he sustained a vithent fail,
-which so injured the spine that he only survived until the fol-
lowing day. He was a young gentleman highly respected, and
his death will be universally lamented.

ASSESSED TAXES.—A requisition to his Worship the Mayor,
requesting him to call a public meeting of the inhabitants, to
take into consideration the propriety of petitioning parliament
for the repeal of the window tax and house duty, is now iu
course of signature.
FiaE.—Last Friday evening, about eight o'clock, an alarm
of fire was given from Hadwen's-buildings, Tithebarn-street.
Some flakes of burning soot from a chimney. which had caught
fire, fell upon the window frame of an adjoining warehouse and
set it also on fire. Being immediately discovered it was easily
extinguished by the neighbours, before the arrival of the
engines; otherwise, from the confined situation of the pre-
mises,_ the most destructive consequences would probably have
ensued.

THE LATE STOIIM.—We stated, last week, that a sloop had;
on the preceding Sunday morning, been wrecked on the West
Hoyle Bank. '1 his vessel was the Packet of Ayr, from Dun-
dalk. The crew, consisting of four individuals, got into the
rigging, but they had not been there long before two of the
hands were washed overboard, and perished: the captain and a
boy maintained their position, although constantly submerged
by the roaring billows, until they were rescued early in the
morning from their perilous situation by boats which put off for
the vessel from Hovlake. The Kirkcudbright Castle, which
sailed from Dundalk in company with the Packet of Ayr, and
which had been driven about and materially injured, it is sup-
posed, by frequently grounding during the night, was seen to
go down off the same place, about eight o'clock on Sunday
morning. All hands perished. The, bodies of the two men
belonging to the sloop were washed on shore on Monday, and
an inquest was held, on view of their bodies, before Thomas
Whittell, E,F.q. one of the coroners of Chester, at liuylake, on
Tuesday week. Verdict, Found drowned.

ormin,
if such

iP. NSARIES.—The meeting of the subset il:ers to thit
tu ion will pc held on this day, "to consider of the Pr°l
of inrroducinz a limited number of beds, for urgent easel
the North Dispensary." This is a very important qae
and we trust that it will be fully and dispassionately cooo
as it is_ desirable that the decision which may Leconte to 5/'
final.

THE LATE ACCIDENT ON THE RAIL-ViAY.--'-The
the coroner's inquest held on the body of one of the untort;
persons killed on the rail-way last week, has returned aid
of Manslaughter against the engineer of the :train by °I
the mischief Was date; although, at an inquest: held at;
lins Green, on the Saturday. preceding, on the bodies j
three other sufferers, a veruict of Accidental death had,
returned. Whether the difference:between these two fe]

was owing to different evidence, or to opposite views of the
facts taken by the two juries, we are unable to say, as no ;
has been published of the evidence given at Collins Greco.
are of opinion, however, that on the evidence given at •
chester, the verdict was perfectly correct; and we are g.
find the matter will undergo a more solemn and searching
tigation. From the extensive mischief and loss of life
may be occasioned by the negligence of engineers on the
way, even the smallest want of caution on their part, wb.:
Lads to any personal injury, ought to be invariably put,'
for there will be no other mode of enforcing that incessant
lance which alone can give security to the passengers.
glad to learn that, in consequence of thin accident, the dill ;
have caused printed- notices to he fixed up in all the ear
cautioning the passengers against leaving theirseatsduri I
journeys, and against standing at any time between the r
Manchester Guardian.
ROYAL INSTITUTION AND OBSERVATORY.—At the
meeting of the Royal Institution, on• Friday last, the.
Jonathan Brooks, the president, congratulated the props'
on the flourishing state of the schools, the number of the PA!
in which is now forty-five, more than double the number?
Mr. Peile had on entering upon them a short time since.
loss which the Museum wilt experience by the removal o'
Traill, it is hoped, will be supplied in a material degree bi
appointment of Dr. Reynolds, as his successor in the °.F.
curator. Much attention, the President said, hadbeeu
by the committee to the subject of lectures -in the instil
evl
He enumerated the courses given last year, with peculiar eV.'
on one, by Dr. Ritchie, of the London University, on nave
philosophy. Ile regretted that the committee had not, ac,,,
sent, been successful in procuring. the promise of a course PI
Mr. Phillips, the highly respectable lecturer on chyznistrytl
dent in. London. On the subject of the Observatory, will!,
has been long the wish of the committee to establish, on ori
creditable to this great commercial town, Mr. Brooks t
with particular satisfaction, and announced the liberal ei
the corporation of a site for the building.—On this he was
lowed by Mr. Joseph I3rooks Yates, who, after adverting to
address of the president, and moving the thanks of the Inez
for the same, thus proceeded:—" Exactly two hundred !;0,
_.4
have now elapsed since our illustrious townsman, Jere
Horrox, commenced, at the early age of seventeen, those t
found astronomical researches and calculations which threi
shade over the labours of Kepler and other eminent menty
have conferred celebrity upon the place of his birth. He 114;
(says Dr. Wallis, Salvilian professor at Oxford in 1683)
his father at a little village called Toxteth, near the tol
Liverpool, remote from London and from the two Universe",
Here he had to contend with narrow circumstances, a gri
want of books and advisers, and other impediments toll
studies. Without guide or companion in 'his pursuit, ati
in this branch of science, he was aided in his astronomici
searches solely by an ardent thirst after knowledge, all,/
steady perseverance in the attainment of it."—Epist. Nurti
toria. "If (continued Mr. Y.) our distinguished townsnse!,l
complished so much during a short life, under all the inir,
ments above described, and when Liverpool was little '3l'
than a fishing place, surely the present inhabitants, with
their wealth, and extensive libraries, and commercial great
will not hesitate to follow up so splendid au example.'
close of the meeting a motion, proposed by the Rev. Dr. R
and seconded by Mr. Langton, for the warmest thanks of
proprietors to Dr. Traill, with the expression of their '•
regret for the loss of this excellent friend to the institute`
was carried with acclamation.

LANDING OF CATTLE ON SUNDAYS.-The landing of
stock from Ireland and coastwise on the Sabbath day was
felt to be a grievous nuisance iu this town, arriving, as thelj
queutly did, in the middle of the day, and being driven thro7
the principal streets, and, of course, past many of the plaq't)
public worship, to the annoyance and great uneasiness of
respective congregations. The evil results of such a deset,
tion of the Sabbath was painfully experienced, and the 15
authorities, in conjunction with the owners of steam-17ov"
endeavoured to abate the nuisance ; and although this has be;
partially effected, by the cattle being now driven to mO4
through the outskirts of the town, still all has not been effe',2
which might, and ought to be, in order to preserve the saucii.4
of the Sabbath: Fully aware of this, his worship the Moi
has for some time directed his earnest attention to the objeriA
abolishing a custom; the demoralizing tendency of which
so obvious; and, in conjunction with his brother magistra:A
have, highly to their credit, come to the determination of gg'
ting an end to a practice of which the inconvenience and C
have been so apparent and so extensively felt. In this reg.:,
Lion we trust that the local authorities will meet with that rle
luutary and cheerful support and co-operation from the shipl),i
of live stock, as well as the owners of vessels engaged in the'l
tie trade, which will render it unnecessary to have recourseA
legal and coercive measures to secure a due observance of
Sabbath. The subjoined is a copy of the notice transmit'
last week to all those parries interested in the cattle trade
The Mayor and Magtsirates of Liverpool being deeply anxioW)
promote the due observance of the Sabbath, and having long vic4ei
with extreme regret the desecration of it, by the landing of catty
the docks, and the driving them through the streets on Sunday.. 4
leave respectfully, but earnestly, to appeal to the owners of stc.:i
blats engaged in the cattle trade, and to the shippers and importer,'"
live stock, to aisist them in putting an end to so objectionable a P
tice.

• e
To accomplish this object, it will be necessary that the stock sbotli
he shipped not later in the week than. Friday in Dublin, and st).
other ports on such days as will permit the steam-boats, under or
nary circumstances, to arrive at Liverpool on Saturday.
An arrangement of this nature would remove the offence witby
the coercive interference of the law, and might, it is to be hopof-1V
attended with so much advantage to the owners of stock, by "or'it
the cattle two days of rest previous to their exposure for sae'tji
would compensate them for any inconvenience that they might so
from the change.
The Mayor and Magistrates therefore earnestly entreat all pelyol.
interested in this trade to facilitate the above proposed arrangco',o
and to promote, by every means in their power, the accomplishio`
of so desirable an object.

Town-hall, 6th Feb:, 1833.

Prig
COURT OF APPEAL.—The Right H on. Lords of the
Council assembled on Saturday to hear appeals from the C° r•
vies. After a number of petitions had been disposed of, the 3 t
guments of Counsel in an appeal from the Court of Exchegoti-
of the Isle of Man, by Mr. John Burrow, claiming the Iv
tution of 6,166 gallons of foreign spirits, were resumed. „vas
first question was, whether the importation of the spirits„,,el,
prohibited by law ? This was decided in favour of the !rrirnet
hint. A cross appeal was then enter into, in which the I°'fact;
appellant became the respondent. It was a pi.
"6" 4rieti
whether the spirits were brandy or spirits of wipe. A /who
of evidence was gone into on 'both sides on this point.. A
lordships afterwards adjourned.

- -
DIPLOMATIC MOVEMENTS.—CoIoneI Campbell, late Se".
tary of Legation at Santa Fe de Bogota, has set out, withi
these few days, for Alexandria, on a mission to the Pacha
Egypt. He seems likely to arrive in time to be too late. Lo
Ponsonbv, the Premier's brother-in-law, not long ago promot
to the Neapolitan Legation—no bad affair—has been, alm i
before he could be presented at the Court of Naples, advance,
to the still more profitable embassy of Constantinople. ll',
lordship has been for some time, we believe, en route for Ii
new destination; but where he is, and when he will arrive, ,r,'
cannot inform our readers, and we believe the ministry gi
about as wise as ourselves. It must, however, be a source
great satisfaction to all reformers to see that the " family-met,
continue to thrive.—Guardian.

•
WEST INDIA QUESTION.—The Standing Committee of t,West India Body assembled on Thursday, at the desire of r,
ministry, to receive an official communication from the u!.;
vernment. It was a Treasury minute, but much too long
our insertion.. The only point of general interest was the BFO'
nouncement, that the public feeling was every day stronger 0
favour of an early abolition of slavery; that all investigatic
into the question tended, to raise thi! opinion still stroni-e,
against the planter; that the ministers would not move the rE
newal of the Committee of Investigation of last session ; never
theless, if the West India interest brought forward the questic
of the reappointment, ministers would not oppoSe the inoti(;l3'
The reply of the West India Body was, that they invited tlr,
vestigation, and were at issue with ministers as to public cpi,
nion; there was a decided reaction in their favour. They,le
quested au interview with ministers, to receive a communu_ty.
tion respecting the plans announced by the Chancellor of tbi
Exchequer, which were to be brought forward by the ministcrej
and 'a request, that the West India packet might be detain!
till they could communicate something decisive on the questiov:
otherwise that a rebellion among the slaves might take place
The two latter have been acceded to. So rests the quest,. n
present.—London New Price Current.
