DISABILITIES OF THE JEWS.

Dr. LUSHINGTON rose to present a petition signed by up,
wards of LOW individuals of the Jewish persuasion, setting
forth that the petitioners had been, for a long series of yearr,
subject to certain disabilities and grievances; that they had
trout time to time applied to the house to have them removed,
but that, in consequence of the attention devoted to the mea-
sure of reform, they had not yet obtained the interference of
the house ; that their brethren of the same persuasion in Den-
mark, Belgium, and other parts of Europe, and in the United
States of America and the colonies, had been relieved from
those disabilities and grievances, and had been restored to equal
rights with their fellow-men ; and praying, therefore, for thi
interference of the house to procure for the petitioners a like
removal and relief. The hon. and learned member said, the
petition should have been presented by the bon. member for
Finsbury (Mr. Grant;) and he (Dr. Lushington) was in-
formed that it was the intention of that hon. member to apply
for leave to bring in a bill for the purpose of carrying into et-
feet the prayer of the petitioners.
Mr. O'CONNELL entirely concurred in the object of the petS•
tion, and hoped that the day would speedily arrive when all
things tending to restrict the progress of opinion would be re-
moved.

Dr. LUSHINGTON then gave notice, (for Mr. Grant, as w•
understood,) that he should apply, on the 14th of March for
leave to bring in a bill to remove the disabilities from the Jews.

THE KING'S ANSWER TO TIIE ADDRESS.

The SPEAKER acquainted the house that the house had been
that day to present the address to his Majesty, to which hie
.Majesty had been pleased to return the following gracious
answer:—" I thank you for this loyal and dutiful address. 1
rely with confidence upon the determination which you have
expressed to support me in maintaining inviolate the legislative
union between Great Britain and Ireland; and you may be
assured that, in exercising the poWers which you may intrust
to my government for the suppression of all acts of violence
and outrage, I shall feel it my duty to assist you in the appli-
cation of all such remedies as may be required for removing
all just grounds of complaint in every part of my dominions.'
(Hear, hear.)
His Majesty's answer was then ordered to be entered on the
journals.
- -

IRISH CHURCH REFORM.

Lord ALTHORP, after recapitulating the various enactments
which had been made from time to time, with a view to the
mitigation and eventful removal of the grievances of which the
people of Ireland complained, and alluding to other measures
in actual preparation and in contemplation by his Majesty's
government, observed that there had been greater exaggerauon
in the, statements as to the amount of the revenues of the
church in Ireland, that upon almost any political topic which
he remembered to have heard agitated for many years part.
He should perhaps surprise the house when he stated, that
from the latest returns the whole amount of the revenues of
the sees was £130,000 per annum, and the gross revenues
£150,000. It was to be remembered, that though great tracts
of land belonged to them, they were far from conferring the
beneficial effects which some m►ght expect from their extent;
the tenantry enjoyed at least five-sixths of the yearly value of
the property of the bishopric,- thus stattng the whole yearly
amount to be £600,000, the bishops had but about £IUO,OOO,
the remainder of the episcopal revenue fell to the tenants.
'With regard to the deans and chapters a similar exag-
geration had taken place,--there whole incomes did nut
exceed £23,600; the necessary expenditure out of which
was £21,000, leaving a surplus of only £2,000. He was not
able to give an exact account, because he was not prepared
with accurate statments; returns only or 1149 benefices out of
1401, had yet been made. The whole amount of the church
revenue appeared to be £580,000 a year; but he would take it
(Conciwkd on folio 197.)

poi!
nff
t,

THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.
(Continued from page 195.)
14600,000 as a fair calculation. According then ti
it he had made, the bishops receive £130,000; ant
la chapters, not the holders of other benefices rest
t'l the amount of the other benefices was £600,000,
stal revenues of the church of Ireland applicable to
(°,4 maintenance did not exceed, in round numbers
ue noble lord observed that he proposed to make a
on to the livings under the value olyf £lOO per an.
r,
es
tts tyell known thtere were 2000 lings
e incom of which were
less than that sum,iv and i
.'-'oe on the principle that the property of the chum:
'6 made available towards supplying any deficiency
Lines of the working members of it. They had corn
latter of first fruits, and thought of proposing a new
;them, but in consequence of the difficulties which
tY of such a measure, it had, been thought preferab
B°ln by a per centage upon the incomes of the livin
41e;—those from £2OO per annum up to £5OO, t
quetion of 5 per cent.; those betweeu £5OO to £
ei:til Cent., and from £BOO to £l2OO ten per cent.
~ a
scale
this would be about seventeen or twentt
r;this he (Lord Althorp) proposed to include'
dies and chapters ; but as the ratio, if it were suffe
to the higher dignitaries of the church, would bt
'h'ieat, (for it was to be remembered that the necessary
4511,?ishops required some larger means to defray,) ano.
II been proposed for them, namely, those above £4,(
~Pay 5 per cent. ; those above £6,-000 a )ear, 7 per c
"'cove £lO,OOO, 15 per cent. To these proposals he d.
i!jat to have any strong opposition. (Hear, hear.)
Lie to the bishopric of Derry, which, falling vac.
ne since had been filled up, subject to any arrt
,fli.., since,
,ii might be made subsequently ; that time was co
thole income of this see was £12,159. It was proposo
ice this to £8 000 liable still to the deduction area Oiled, which 'would fix the value at £7,200. To re
Leeostnonfiiinssioonie
elyrz nsi
hcicohfasltilnig of En
in, it was proposed thathprcopuorschedmen,
riinted, who should also transact the business conne
Lese changes. There 'had been many well-founded cc
!plii Ireland as regards the payment of the differe
there the majority of the inhabitants were Catholics,
Cs, and those often only a few, should direct the asse
r,erilment, therefore considering the hardships inflic
~'"atitolics had come to the determination of prop(
111-,,‘_,re abolitio'n of them all. (Loud cries of Hear, whi
ai for some time.) The amount thus reduced would
taiet)°,, ; but it was expected that a sum sufficient v
te,7' by other means to meet the expenses which h
planl. lieen met by those rates. The fund exPected
pl,, already roo sed was to be directed, under the I
km"' of the already mentioned, to the
brf repairing of glebe houses, new churches, &c., u
neiples laid down in English acts of Parliament. l
It Prevent churches being built when not absolutely ne
tewould be required, before the uilding comenceo
11.!tain portion of the inhabitants b
should havem subset
~,,srds it, which would be done if they had any desire to
st:ii.arch among them. But there were other matters of
Nte,e to be noticed. The primate of Ireland possessec
ktiti: income of £14,422; it would be proposed to reduce
ties WO) liable still to the per centage. With respect tc
se))1, and chapters, which were unconnected with the
fe ,s,_, it would be desirable to abolish them; or where ;
,
tle,"'"uch the cure of souls to them, to make them efficie
set,-juse of livings where no duty is performed, it w•
toot that where no service had been performed for 1
the Years, the commissioners should be instructed to t
johre-vointnieut, in the event of a vacancy, at th. eir
d"111 it was ascertained whether a duty was required
44, accordingly appoint some one to the vacancy, or
thereQed, as circumstances altered, the revenue to be g
er°l"innion fund. A great deal had been said about th
eth the bishops, which was said to be too large. Cons
ei extent of their duties, he thought 22 was more tha
the!' and the maturest reflection had decided governs
t w"Pinion that 10 bishoprics might be spared. (Hear,
4eri as, therefore, proposed that the Archbishopricks of
ties fume should be reduced to Bishopricks, and ti
.g 4
goPrieks should be abolished, - and the duties trail_
tl °„thher sees, viz. Dromore to Down; Raphoe to
Tl(''''er to 'Armagh;'. Elphin to Kilmore; hillala to
()s°ofert to Kill re; Cort to Cloquet aterford to (
etheeseao3 r3:yetaorsl",•erns,•4 and° Kildare to Dublin. The incomes
lhe t° abolished were of course to go to the augmenta
se, smaller livings so that the incumbents might be t
er,titTrt themselves' in the situation becoming clergym
At
einen. Another point to be considered was the s
At relations between the tenants and the bishops as lan
a 91'rescnt the bishop was in. the habit of letting the lan
l
everyg3a-eta of-Ymeni
ab t err revenue The common value of episcopal lan
teas of efitnes and
wrielincehwiinnagee these
constituted leases
a
re
tool t 1?4, years: purchase, but it was in the power of a
ri
1'41,;14 his 'life against the tenant, who might thus be
rent.. a farm which the family had held for yeats, a
tiro Increased to the next corner. He (Lord Althorp) '
trouts that there should be some fixed rent, and th
chard advise, that upon the tender of six and a half yea
1,,,'e by the tenant, he should be able to hold the
1,6 Petuity, at the rent at first agreed upon. By these
I.6tattempt at raising their rents would be made by the
Ilue7llY purpose whatever, and their salaries could rem
eab:futting. The tenant would be encouraged to lay
lq:'1,1 Without any apprehension, lest he should be
Phutr "Y any exertions of the bishop to increase the
th co roperty. The whole of the revenues which might
intio°lBeituence of all the alterations was to be Sisp
Ple-t:tely according to the directions of Parliament.
knii;lies, as the livings became vacant they would
iti),"°li into, with a view to learn which should be tete
tell e noble lord, after some further observations conel
II "'s :---"I have now stated the whole of the pla
eie , Sir,
mean to say that this is I
'i•(-11‘1) to lapse, as had already been mentioned.
ke 'tY a Ministers. Ido not
I,lssure that is required with respect to the Church of :
te),,o_neOt mean to say that there are nottoothlyrailleirsul
ae(t'u t to non-residenre, with respect
uesisthe payment of tithes. All these measures i
te4-g1.4 under the consideration of the house ; they
tlitsarily be so d • thepresent session of parliamo
Nis the during .
forward
with re;
tel for the purpose of inducing the landlords to take ,0
the , measure which I now bring with re,
inn which
of the church, Sir. I hope and trust
ile-,.which will give general satisfaction. (Cheers.) I
14071.4 the house much longer. The measure 1 have 1
tl„11(les for not continuing toe scandal of persons hol
Itepites and receiving the revenues of a living where no
sik,°raied, and diminishes to as great an extent as it cc
41,,,i reduce the number of the Dish hierarchy. Sir,
Ole, °_serve here that it does not lay down an abstrac
Park,indeed it vas not necessary to do so for any 1
at • 'Be. All who thought- there Ought to be an estab
not
h Would agree that. the church had the first claim.
had .es• r • For 3, the government to decide whether pa
~,,o' rch . not a Tlr, • .
'WI
ite dad not
. submitted to the houso
lief, ', The plan have non su
tPre• - his Majesty's ministers feel themselves justif
'(,ht to interfere with the propert
tr,,,,,,
the way of its consideru
qure desposary difficulty in
uf the church• of church property, jto other purposes I
findeeolio,t Pr'oposino and is not meant to preclude parlia_
4 tam
ti,°;„n, has been to 11 we hme
• had in view on th pre.i
amendment of tho
-"it dt•th Ye not eam e e
InAnnit a ractical
-ouse further,but beg at once to i
the
to bring in a the
t
and amend the law r(
4'5 temporalities of the to alter
Ireland." (His lot
down amidst lung-continuedcurch in
Parr mit may or may not t_ake ups
1 'r •
tf, -r. -or.NELL said
, cheers
"te noble lord with the
04411c1 certainly give , greatest satifaction and deligh
n's, perhaps insignificant, suPP
1)-easure. It did not go u
'4lte S° far as hey could wish,
)i roust term it a wise and rational one.
The hon. an
thatha he et h
e had.cheers.)
heard euarredwtahsen
optr.os
op
to many Irishmen couldd wish, still they would recei\
)4 'nixed pleasure, considering perhaps that the caution
t, Which the proposed bill would co t.
ksellther furtherremarkedt
nunence opera Km
"lreat recommendation to it.
th it R. ING el s objected to the measure altogether, an
lintt Whatever received the sanction of the hon. mem,bei
111;4°110a to be well looked to. He (Sir R. Inglis) c
as estal
test the proposals ought not to be entertained. 'Had 1
Ittla reflected upon the consequences of the alteratior
lietp°sed? What was the purport of the King's oat
not, as members, take an oath to
Rage," and would they
.not e in the face of their s
st 'lnent if they persisted in a measure so fraugi
tiatit,:B,wetriatott
they
yserve the Protestant church
Ikti_
„?. S,
have esteemed:' consequences
ood for nothing when they fir
tif siio the oath g
to the established church? '
valued as nothing, wh
q p 'lee oaths were evidently .
h arliaavail nothing? Certain prov
een
._ ment were to
..
h hurch. By the 31
t G,„Laade regarding the Irib c ,
ation oft l
qi, -°rge 3d, it is declared that the continu
ksk, 6;1. Proposals as the house has heard that night.
Iz.ted .the • cons
°Lie of the articles of, the union:
Ic:--reh as the establishment of Ireland was essent

1g
ch

lES.—The meeting of the subsciLers to thil
held on this day, "to consider of the Pr(l
a limited number of beds, for urgent cases
spensary." This is a very important (lu
hat it will be fully and dispassionately cons,,
~
le that the decision which may Leconie to 591

ACCIDENT ON THE RAIL-*AY.—The
nquest held on the body of one of the unfol
on the rail-way last week, has returned a
er against the engineer of the • train by ed
ras done; although, at an inquest held a'j
the Saturday. preceding, on the bodies 1
,fferers' a verdict of Accidental death had.
tether the difference' between these two yep'
ifferent evidence, or to opposite views of the:,
the two juries, we are unable to say, as no '1
shed of the evidence given at Collins Green•
however, that on the evidence given at
rdict was perfectly correct; and we are g,
will undergo a more solemn and searching
a the extensive mischief and loss of life
Ined by the negligence of engineers on the
unallest want of caution on their part, 10,,
rsonal injury, ought to be invariably paw
no other mode of enforcing, that incessarl,,
ne can give security to the passengers.
at, in consequence of this accident, the dir,
rated notices to he fixed up in all the car'
?assengers against leaving theitseat&duri
gainst standing at any time between the r
;rdian. , .

[TUTION AND OBSERVATORY.—At the 1
Royal Institution, on• Friday last, the,,,
:s, the president, congratulated the proprF
ig state of the schools, the number of the 1
forty-live, more than double the number 1
n entering upon them a short time since. i
I.luseum will experience by the removal el
;d, will be supplied in a material degree bi
Dr. Reynolds, as his successor in the o
attention, the President said, hadheers F.
e to the subject of lectures in the instil
the courses given last year, with peculiar e_,,
iitchie, of the London University, on BF;
regretted that the committee had not, aih
ssfut in procuring the promise of a course;
highly respectable lecturer on chyznistryA
On the subject of the Observatory, WPS
e wish of the committee to establish, on a;
is great commercial town, Mr. Brooks ;
atisfaction, and announced the liberal el
of a site for the building.—On this he wa!li
seph Brooks Yates, who, after adverting to
cadent, and moving the thanks of the us
sus proceeded:—"Exactly two hundred'
?.d since our illustrious townsman, Jer:
iced, at the early age of seventeen, those 4ro
cal researches and calculations which tbf
,bourn of Kepler and other eminent mens.o
elebrity upon the place of his birth. He it
s, Salvilian professor at Oxford in 1683)i
ittle village called Toxteth, near the teal
e from London and from the two Univer
contend with narrow circumstances, a I
nd advisers, and other impediments toy t guide or companion in 'his pursuit, atll;
science, he was aided in his astronomical,'
)3, an ardent thirst after knowledge, all.A
ice in the attainment of it."—Epist. Nwil
nued Mr. Y.) our distinguished townsreall
ich during a short life, under all the iull
:ribed, and when Liverpool was little a':
ace, surely the present inhabitants, ;vial ,
mtensive libraries, and commercial greatllt
) follow up so splendid an examplef ---VA,
g a motion, proposed by the Rev. Dr. Ran
dr. Langton, for the warmest thanks of
bi
. Traill, with the expression of their ra
s of this excellent friend to the install'',
eclamation.

iTTLE ON SUNDAYS.—The landing of,
i and coastwise on the Sabbath day was '
s nuisance in this town, arriving, as theY
middle of the day, and being driven thr i
s, and, of course, past many of the placesi
he annoyance and great uneasiness of),;
'lions. The evil results of such a desecv,
h was painfully experienced, and the OA
unction with the owners of steam-ves,
to
the nuisance ; and although this has 1,4
iy the cattle being now driven to ma 4
is of the town, still all has not been effeLi
ight to be, in order to preserve the saucy,'
illy aware of this, his worship the Misr;
rected his earnest attention to the objecij
i; the demoralizing tendency of which r,
conjunction with his brother magistr
credit, come to the determination of .
.:tice of which the inconvenience and of
ut and so extensively felt. In this re.
1
local authorities will meet with that
support and co-operation from the ship
as the owners of vessels engaged in the'
render it unnecessary to have recourse
ensures to secure a due observance ot, ,vi
>hied is a copy of the notice transmit'
parries interested in the cattle trade :-'4
mirateS of Liverpool being deeply anxigOi
.ante of the Sabbath, and having long vie
• desecration of it, by the landing of cattlebi
Mg them through the streets on Sunday%i
?arnestly, to appeal to the owners of stc"j
Ile trade, and to the shippers and importer:i
i in putting an end to so oljectionable a P ',

jeet, it will be necessary that the stock sill
the week than. Friday in Dublin, and atj
rs as will permit the steam-boats, under ai"
rrive at Liverpool on Saturday.
41
is nature would remove the offence witil,y
of the law, and might, it is to be hopec.ll4
advantage to the owners of stock, by g
rest previous to their exposure for salew
for any inconvenience that they might alw,
strates therefore earnestly entreat all pool
a facilitate the above proposed arrangeo'd
• means in their power, the accomplish'
33.

—The Right Hon. Lords of the • 1.1 •
Saturday to hear appeals horn the C'r.
s
of petitions had been disposed of, the
Li
an appeal from the Court of Excheq:ti-
r. Mr. John Burrow, claiming the ffille
of foreign spirits, were resumed. was
ther the importation of the spirits
his was decided in favour of the aPP :
as then enter into, in which the c.licet,,
•espondent. It was a 91,,,5ti0n or
rico,
brandy or spirits of moo. A qfhel
ato on both sides on this point. '
ourned.

ENTS.—Colonel Campbell late See
to Fe de Bogota, has set out, with i
andria, on a mission to the Paella
yto arrive in time to be too late. Lo
brother-in-law, not long ago promot
Lion—no bad affair—has been, alm
!wed at the Court of Naples, advance:
ble embassy of Constantinople. I,i?
)me time, we believe, en route for W,
ere he is, and when he will arrive, 0"
ers, and we believe the ministry 041
s. It must, however, be a source
eformers to see that the " family-tneo
rdiun.

)N.—The Standing Committee of I,bl
Iled on Thursday, at the desire of tar
official communication from the o,c;
asury minute, but much too long
point of general interest was the a!'
Mit., feeling was every day stronger
ion of slavery; that all investigaticr
I to raise the opinion still stroilf-e,
the ministers would not move the rt
f Investigation of last session ; never'
interest brought forward the questic
nisters would not oppose the reotiu°'
ndia Body was, that they invited
ssue with ministers as to public cr
reaction in their favour. Theyle"
h ministers, to receive a common" ir
announced by the Chancellor of tbi
be brought forward by the ministeroj
Vest India packet might be detaine
to something decisive on the questieo
among the slaves might take plaeei
weeded to. So rests the quest%,ll
ce Current.

I _1: IT RIA I, PARLIAMENT.
( Continued from page 195.)
t CGOO,OOO as a fair calculation. According then to the state.
In he had made, the bishops receive £130,000; and the deans
ilq chapters, not the holders of other benefices receive,E2ooo,
n'l the amount of the other benefices was £600,000, so that the
tai revenues of the church of Ireland applicable to its support
',,le maintenance did not exceed, in round numbers, £BOO,OOO.
a noble lord observed that he proposed to make an augmen-
tion to the livings under the value of £lOO per annum, for it
as well known that there were nearly 2000 livings in Ireland,
' incomes of which were less than that sum, and it would be
i 'tie on the principle that the property of the church ought to
Made available towards supplying any deficiency in the in-
'Ries of the working members of it. They had considered the
atter of first fruits, and thought of proposing a new valuation
aleni, but in consequence of the difficulties which lay iu the
of such a measure, it had, been thought preferable to raise
s'po, by a per centage upon the incomes of the livings on this
~
7c;—those from £•200 per annum up to £5OO, to suffer a
auction of 5 per cent.; those between £5OO to £BOO seven
hole., and from £BO to 1:1200 ten per cent. Upon the
average this would be about seventeen or twenty per cent.
'. this scale he (Lord Althorp) proposed to include the dean-
-leg and chapters ; but as the ratio, if it were suffered to go
' to the higher dignitaries of the church, would become too
rat, (for it was to be remembered
that the necessary expenses
bishops required some larger means to defray,) another scale
d been proposed for them, namely, those above E.,1,090 a-year
IbPay 5 per cent_ • those above £6,000 a )ear, 7 per cent. ; and
°ye £1.0,000, Is'per cent. To these proposals he did not ex-
•et to have any strong opposition. (Hear, hear.) He now
. 'le to the bishopricof Derry, which, falling vacant some
!lie since, had been filled up, subject to any arrangement
`itch might be made subsequently ; that time was come. The
'tole income of this see was £12,159. It was proposed to re-
ee this to £B,OOO, liable still to the deduction already. men-
„'acii, which would fix the value at L 7,200. To receive the
-t4lelfamnd
onev which fall in, it was proposed that a board
?commissioners, consisting of English churchmen, should be
,Iliiiinted, who should also transact the business connected with
''s..e changes. There shad been many well-founded complaints
as regards the payment of the different rates,
hero
eess, vestry rate, first fruits, &c. that in a parish
fro the majority of the inhabitants were, Catholics, Protest-
"ts, and those often only a few, should direct the assessments.
i, verniaent, therefore, considering the hardships inflicted upon
Mire abolition
had come to the determination of proposing the
„"e abolition of them all. (Loud cries of Hear, which conti-
rdo
,Lor some time.) The amount thus reduced would be about
a,'''°o; but it was expected that a sum sufficient would be
'he(' by other means to meet the expenses which had com-
-I°lllY been met by those rates. The fund expected from the
already proposed, was to be directed, under the manage-
,e,,4l- of the commissioners already mentioned, to the building
'giti'i r.epairing of glebe houses, new churches, &c., upon the
n' laid down in English acts of Parliament. In order
to
Prevent churches being built when not absolutely necessary,
tewould be required before the building commenced, that a
I%.itrtain portion of the inhabitants should have subscribed to-
thucds it, which would be done if they had any desire t? have a.
pi,eh among them. But there were other matters of impor-
4. to be noticed. The primate of Ireland possessed an an-
ti.,,, income of £14,422; it would be proposed to reduce this to
,ti„",, 000, liable still to the per centage. With respect to deane-
-14 and chapters, which were unconnected with the cure of
t 4 '3, it would be desirable to abolish them; or where possible
tt:ttach the cure of souls to them, to make them efficient. In
I,4l:age of livings where no duty is performed, it would be
thoht that where no service had been performed for the last
the years, the commissioners should be instructed to suspend
tio4t'7'3opointruent, in the event of a vacancy, at their discre-
kid, till it was ascertained whether a duty was required or not,
84 accordingly appoint some one to the vacancy, or keep it
tliertlded, as circumstances altered, the revenue to be going to
be comm fund. A great deal had been said about the num-
the s'''tile bishops which was said to be too large. Considering
cie4extent of their duties, he thought 22 was more than suffi-
the .and the maturest reflection had decided government in
t waPthion that 10 bishoprics might be spayed. (Hear, hear.)
atlq r 8,.; therefore, proposed that the Archbishopricks of Cashel
IliBh “ialli should be reduced to Bishopricks, and that ten
onricks should be abolished, • and the duties transferred
,V,l°,ti,her sees viz. Dromore to Down Raphoe to Deny;
f•:loZajer to A'rmag.h; Elphin to Kilmore; Killala to Tuam;
' (140-rett to Killaloe; Cott to Cloque; aterford to Cashel;
tee 3 Yto Ferns,. and Kildare to Dublin. The incomes of the
the '' abolished were of course to• go to the augmentation of
stlp,_stnaller livings, so that the incumbents might be able to
NitTrt themselves in the situation becoming clergymen and
the ealen• Another point to be considered was the , state of
At 'ela.tions between the tenants and the bishops as landlords.
a Tescnt the bishop was in. the habit of letting the land upon
th; Years' lease, and renewing these leases every year upon
of tent of fines, which indeed constituted a great portion
abodieir revenue. The common value of episcopal lands was
tot - 4 12,1-7., years' purchase, but it was in the power of a bishop
Jr,:ll nis life against the tenant, who might thus be driven
rent • a farm• which the family had held for years, and the
kr° increased to the next comer. He (Lord Althorp) was de-
W 0411,8 that there should be some fixed rent, and therefore
chat , advise, that upon the tender of six and a half years' pu.r-
-15 ~,'e hy the tenant, he should be able to hold the land in
4 4e.tuity, at the rent at first agreed upon. By these means
tore„`empt at raising their rents would be made by the bishops
tlueth'Y Purpose whatever, and their salaries could remain lin-
eal). 'ating. The tenant would be -encouraged to lay out his
IthoetirtiLwithout any apprehension, lest he should become a
any exertions of the bishop to increase the value of
hi ,„„Propertv. The whole of the revenues which might remain
illti-,„,"equence of all the alterations was to be disposed of
1141.—Aa;4e,13' according to the directions of Parliament. As to
itif,,,Lies, as the livings became vacant they would be ex-
Whits,',eu into, with a view to learn which should be retained or
-ph" to lapse, as had already been mentioned.
tpili, e noble lord, after some further observations concluded as
Al i-„ws, .----" Sir, I have now stated the whole of the plan of his
kias'Y's Ministers. I do not mean to say that this is the only
I edas4re that is required with respect to the Church of Ireland.
pts° not mean to say that there are not other measures with
kject to non-residence, with respect to pluralities, (hear,)
41 f°r thepurpose of inducing he landlords to take on them-
htves the
payment of tithes. All these measures must •be
e4l-ight under the consideration of the house ; they will ne-
flii:i,irily be so during the present session of parliament; but
the IS the measure which I now bring forward with respect to
' Phi to the
of the church, Sir. I hope and trust this is a
ift,.lwoicli will give general satisfaction. (Cheers.) I will not
p1.07n the house much longer. The measure I have proposed
44 !des for not continuing toe scandal of persons holding be-
Pept•Lees and receiving the revenues of a living where no duty is
. lit,i„ lined, and diminishes to as great an extent as it could pos-
'i4lso' reduce the number of the Irish hierarchy. Sir. I would
fPle, Indeedabserve here, that it does not lay down an abstract princi-
n'in• it was not necessary
,to do so for any practical
i hi• &Ze• All who thought there ought to be an establishment
, 'hiot 4 Would agree that the church had the first claim. It was
r* L'id :ree,ssary for the government to decide whether parliament
%tn. L. gad not a right to interfere with the property- of the
' "V 11-'• 'Tiplan i have now submitted to the house is that
hire e_ his -,,,L, 4.
-,ministers feel themselves justified in at
, 's•eh, - .aajeS,y s
-tilkle * roPOsinc, and is not meant to preclude parliament, or
: lei :tc
h tu°;:h..
uture disposwtnY
rat't • to other purposes than that
''difficulty in the way of its considering of the
Jae, et hereafter. of.,ichurch proper ),
14airi 1
wianmhe
have
emay o
inr
vi mayo w
,noont
theta k take
present
et
tht
ta that ba
..-
wi9,11, has been to „,,,,
'll not detain the -1" j," a'
se further,practical but beg at once to move for
, leave; to bring in a hiuti to amendment of the law. I
alter and amend the law relating to
..itied cheers.)
doe temporalities of h
g.cotnieilchurch in Ireland." (His lordship sat
ww II lr amoidcsotsl°NnELL said that he had heard the proposition of
the •
,h noble lord with theand
ould certainly give his,greatest satifactiou and delight, he
1 h azure. It um nwoitsegoann
tilliroustterm dirt
al quite so fa as he could wish, but still
praertiloianpasirohnisei:milfi:enhtons.ualorltetaorntle.mde
'derin
ember f her remarked thn as ur.
alany Irishmen could wish
t the measure was not so extensive
tihre..
b PerhapS that the cautious manner
ill 1,,!e4 pleasure, cop s.iia
great
Which the proposed b
.Ivould
~,' still they would receive it with
confluence operations was one
recommeOation to it.
tl Sir R. INGLIS objected to the mmeaesu(rseirlilltoto.cemnthilmris,b)and thought
fi',4t Whatever received the sanction of the
be entertained. -Had the minis-
ttelira t4athgeti tp
proposals
pboes
ale loln
gl lookeda not ttoo.
pr es reflected upon the consequences of the alteratioencroftnolisreyidDehrucabdd.
, 4,4 Posed? what was the
_purport of the King's oath; did he
naasthesttoabtlhisehesdambye
148,1 i-ear to preserve the
mrermotbe;rtas,nttackheuracnh
etl4, bid they nut, as
Ra',`,' and would they not go in the face of their solemn en-
stiit,;ents, if they persisted in a measure so fraught with de-
-11-Av -`,1," consequences to the established church ? They must
°I sue,"l"teenied the oath good for nothing when they first thought
ask :" Proposals as the house has heard that night. lie would
heel's tine oaths were evidently valued as n, othmg, whether Acts
eel,
s -r,iament were to avail nothing? Certain provisions had
of GAnade regarding the Irish church.. By the 39th and 40th
essential to,
C}ls urge 3d, it is declared that the continuation of the English
44. -;',l as the establishment of Ireland was .
~ and
.14—
one of the articles of, the union: the • constitution of
