I%SCLLiJEUSa
,

Bishop Phillpotts has 18 children ; seven sons of which are
in holy orders. Seven of his daughters rode up Fore-street
together the other day.— Western '1 imes.
At the Commencement that was held on Tuesday, in the
Examination-hall of the Dublin College, a valuable gold watch
was coaxed from the fob of the Vice-Provost.—lluolia Paper.

UNDENIABLE.—One of the speakers at the London Tavern.
on Wednesday last, described the house-tax as coming home to
every one.
BARoN CHASSE.—A correspondent states, on the authority of
a gentleman who resiaed souse years in Holland in his youth,
that Baron Chasse, the Governor of Antwerp, is a grandson of
the celebrated Paul Jones. if so, he is the right stuff for a
good tussle.—Leeds Intelligences-.
How TO SHOOT FLYING.—A gentleman in the adjoining
county-of Flint, was out shooting not long since, accompanied
by a neighbouring gamekeeper ; while out, he accideutaiiy met
a young friend of his who had no gun of his own. The tatter
took up his friend's gun for an instant, and a pack of grouse
having got up while he held it, he shot and brought down one.
For this offence he was informed against by the worthy game-
keeper, and convicted in the penalty for shooting without a
game certificate in his pocket.—(Hester Chronicle
SIR JOHN'S DILEMMA.—The source of the dilemmain which
Sir John Hobhouse.finds himself involved as to the next West-
minster election, is exactly that which attaches to' the whole
Whig party—viz. the deserting when in office those principles
which are made the step-ladder to place. instances in proof of
this are too numerous and too rife to need enumerating. Their
mischief is incalculable, as they tend not.only to bring into
contempt one particular party, but to destroy public confidence
in the whole race of public men of all parties.—Herald.
SUNDAY TRADING.—A society has been formed in London
to put down Sunday trading, and to promote the better ob-
servance of the Sabbath. Sir Andrew Agnew is at the head
of it, and it proposes to petition Parliament to pass au act to
enforce the object of the society. Sir Andrew stated at the
meeting on Tuesday week, that the present law was useless,
the magistrates having in several cases tined persons one shil-
ling, for keeping their shops open oh Sunday, who declared
that by their breach of the taws they gained fifteen or twenty
pounds.
• THE. WEST INDIES.—The calumniators of the West India
proprietors and planters in Gloucestershire have been most
signally defeated by Mr. Borthwick on several occasions. At
Cheltenham, at Gloucester, and at Stroud, Mr. Borthwick has
lectured with very great effect, and to the utter discomfiture of
his' opponents. At-Stroud, especially,. the numbers who have
been undeceived as to the real state of the slaves in the West
Indies is extraordinary. When the manufacturer comes to
compare the condition of the negro with the condition of the
English workman, he ceases to think of the horrors of negro
slavery.—Old England.
PLEDGES.—The members of Parliament are not, before-
hand, to make any compacts or undertakings what they will do
or not do; but what shall be propounded among them when
they are met together, that is to be considered by them, that
they are to deliberate upon. And after a free debate in full
Parliament, as their judgments shall be swayed by reason, and
as God shall put it into their hearts, so they are to ordain; and
therefore it is said, "shall happen to be ordained." The mem-
bers come not to. Parliament prepared' or bespoken beforehand,
but as free couuceliors, to give their votes as their reason shall
be satisfied; as they judge will most promote the public good.
—Whitelock's Notes on'the King's Itrrit.
A WIFE IMMusiED,—The Dunkirk Journal; gives the follow-
ing from Ilondschoote :—" A magistrate of this canton being
lately called on to affix seals upon the effects of a person who
had recently died, was with his assistants making the usual
examination of his apartments, when he came into a dark
room a few feet square, and there found, alive, the wife of the
deceased, who had not-been heard of for upwards of 15 years,
during which time she had been shut up where she was disco-
vered. Judicial inquiries are being made as to this extraordi-
nary incarceration."
COLD WATER IN CHOLERA—Drs. Massy and M'Credie,
who have been engaged with cholera patients iu Kilkee Hos-
pital, Ireland, have in the latter part of their practice; adopted
the treatment of admistering large draughts of cold water, as
recommended by Dr. Shute. The result of such treatment
has been eminently successful in the worst stages of collapse,
and with all the symptoms strikingly marked. Drs. M. and
M'C. have expressed their entire confidence in this system, as
a safe and simple remedy in this formidable and desolating
malady, if promptly and properly put into operation.

SALUTARY EFFECT OF CILASTIE:MENT.—A Burclettite cor-
respondent of the Globe says—" The proceedings of yesterday's
meeting, (that at the Crown and Anchor, where the two Radi-
cal Ea;onets Burdett and Ilobhouse, were so unmercifully
hooted for having metamorphosed themselves into mock Con-
servatives) will do much to confirm in the estimation of many
persons the belief that large assemblies for deliberative pur_
poses are quite useless—au opinion with which, lam sorry to
say' my experience of the present mode of behaviour at many
of them obliges me relucianetly to concur." Miracles will
never cease. These peop.e will positively in time learn to speak
the language of common sense.
GOOD FOR EVIL.—An old man, of the name of Guyot, lived
and died in the town of Marseilles; he amassed a large fortune
by the most laborious industry and the severest habits of absti-
nence and privation. The populace pursued him, whenever
he appeared, with hootings and execrations. In his will, there
were mound the following words :—" Having observed, nom my
infancy, that the poor of Marseilles are ill-supplied with water,
which can only be purchased at a great price, 1 have cheerfully
laboured the whole of my life, to procure for them this great
blessing; and I direct that the whole of my property be laid out
in builuing an aqueduct for their use."—Thoughts on Lattyhter.

NOBLE INSTANCE OF BENEVOLENCE.—At a Court Baron for
the manor of Frome East Woodiands, appeared a poor man
who held by lease under the Marquis of Bath au estate on lives,
of which all bad died in the space of a few months: The poor
man, who has a large family, had nearly 1;20 to pay for the
herirkt, which sum he solicited his lordship to forgive him, as he
was .0 able to pay it. • Ile applied at the above Court, to his
lordship's steward, tor an answer. '1 he steward said as he had
been so Unfortunate his lordship would relinquish his claim to
the heriot, and added. "1 have somethingomore to communicate
to you from his lordship, who was directed me to give you £5O,
which was immediately done.—llevizes Gazette.

SELDEN bad once intended to give his library to the Univer-
sity of Oxford, and had left it so by his will; but, having occa-
sion for a manuscript, which belonged to their library, -they
asked of him the customary bond of £lOOO for its restitution:
this he took so ill at their hands, that he struck out that part of
his will by which he had given them his library, and with some
passion declared that thc) should never have it. he executors
(of whom Sir Matthew lia:e was one) stuck at this a litt.e,
hut, having considered better of it, came to this resolution ; that
they were to be the executuo of Mr. Seldeu's will, and not of
his. passion;—so they made good.. what he had intendedin evict
blood, and passed over what his passion .had suggested .to him.—
This collection of books, at the time, was valued at some thou-
sands of pounds, and now forms a valuable part of the magni-
ficent Bodleian Library at Oxford. •

. .
LIBERTY AND LICENTIOUSNESS.—There is a very peculiar
contrariety between those vices which consist in excess, and
the virtues of which they arc said to be the excess and resem-
blance,_ and whose names they affect to bear; the excess of any
thing being always to its hurt, and tending to its destruction.
In this manner, licentiousness is, in its very nature, a present
infringement upon liberty, and dangerous to it for the future. A
particular man may be licentious .without being less free; but
a community cannot: since the licentiousness of one will una-
voidably break in upon the liberty of another. Civil liberty,
the liberty of a community is a severe, and a restrained thing;
implies, in the very notion of it, authority, settled suboraina-
tions, subjection and obedience; and is altogether as .much
hurt by too little of this kind, as by too mucn. The love of
liberty that is note rtal principle if dutiful teh.ariour to autho-
rity is as hypocritical as the 7 eligion- that is VOt productive of a
good lff.e.—Biship Butler.

ARTIFICE OF AN ATTORNEY.—A prosecution, instituted by
the Stamp-office, against the. proprietor of the Lim :11,1 Chic-
nide, has excited a good deal-of interest in Dublin. Some
time since an attorney procured to be inserted, in two copies
of that paper, an advertisement of a sale, which he desired to
keep private,•but which had been directed by the Master in
Chancery to be advertised. It is supposed that, after the usual
impression of the paper bad been struck off, he iodneed some
of the printers to set up the advertisement, and print these two
copies, one of which was produced in Court, to satisfy the Mas-
ter that his order bad been eionplied with, and the other re-
mained in possession of the author of the trick. A sale took
place, at which, of course, not many persons attended, and the
property was knocked off much under the value. Ihe circum-
stance came to light shortly after, and a trial at bar led to the
production of the registered copy filed at the Stamp-office, that.
it might be compared with that produced in Court,
..and, upon
examination, awns found not to contain the advertisement.
Upon this ground the Stamp-office.have instituted proceedings
against Mr. Watson,. the proprietor of the •Chiviti&.

LiFg. i 5 Tita CITADEL.—Chasse is an extremely affable old
fellow; nevertheless in many of the affairs of life, lie has acted
very strangely. Ile married a rich English lady, by whom he
had two children, who died; he used to beat his wife in the life-
time of his children ; and she put up with this on their ac-
count; but after their death she sued fora divorce. During the
process he married, pretending that his union with his first wife
was not a legal one; a second process ensued, and he was
mulcted in the sum of 1,500 florins. Chasse has always
courted the society of ladies. He returns home very often with
ladies to whom he gives suppers, insisting that his wife shall
preside at the table. The wife of one of his Aides-de-Camp,
and his own daughter of the age of 16, a fine young woman,
are now in the citadel to make it pleasant. These ladies culti-
vate in this place all the arts of pleasing,, and have music by
choice:' Chasse knows more about what is passing in Antwerp
than the whole authorities put together. It is evident that he
has spies in all parts of the city, who are constantly on the look-
out, and who report to him the result of their enquiries.—Bel-
gian, Paper.
