POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

BRUTAL ASSAULT.—On Tuesday, at the Policsoffice,
William Dunn, Catherine Dunn, and Christopher Dunn,
the three Irish individuals who were remanded about a week
ago, under an accusation of having inflicted serious injuries
on the person of John Brennan, were again placed at the
bar for further examination, the wounded man being conva-
lescent, though still weak and ill. The surgeon had pro-
nounced him entirely out of danger. Inspector Crouch
stated, that, on the 29th ult., he received information that a
man had nearly been killed in an affray in Johnson-street. He
took a party of officers with him, went to the house of the
prisoners and apprehended them. The prosecutor stated,
that on Sunday night week, between ten and eleven o'clock,
Ire was coming out of a house in Johnson-street, when he
received a violent blow on his back, which drove him into
the middle of the street. The prisoner, Catharine Dunn,
rushed at him with au instrument which he believed to be a
soldering iron, and struck him with all beef o, c t over the eye.
He was slightly stunned by this blow, w eti was immedi-
ately followed by another still more violent Pow a man, he
could not say whom. At the same instant be : .reived another
blow on the back of his head. He fell senseless to the ground,
and lost all recollection of what followed. A girl, about
fourteen years of age, who saw the affray, stated that the pri-
soner, William Dunn, struck the first blow with a hammer
as the prosecutor was leaving the house. She (witness) was
going for a policeman, when she saw Catharine Dunn ad-
vance with an iron implement, and strike the prosecutor on
the forehead. William Dunn rushed at him a second time,
and struck him a furious bloW over the eye with the hammer.
The complainant fell, and William Dunn jumped upon ha,
breast. She did not see Christopher Dunn strike at all.
Mr. Davenport, solicitor, who appeared for the prisoners,
cross-examined the witness. His view appeared to be to
show that the complainant kept a house of ill fame, and that
the girl was of loose character. Neither of these points were
established. The complainant stated, that he bad been at a
chastening, but he was not intoxicated. He had seen the
Dunns before, but never had a quarrel with them. A wit-
ness, named Croone, corroborated the testimony of the prose-
cutor and the girl, and swore that he saw Christopher Dunn
strike the latter a blow on the back of the head with some in-
strument. A medical gentleman stated that he was called in
to see the complainant. He found him in a very dangerous
state. There was a wound on the back of the head, which be
believed was a fracture, but he was not certain. The blow
over the eye had broken down the skull, and at first he con-
sidered it impossible that the man could live. When he put
his finger into the orifice, for the purpose of ascertaining the
condition of the fractured bone, a small portion of brain ad-
hered to it. A friend whom he called in, agreed with him
that there was no hope for the man. He considered the re-
covery to be most extraordinary, and the constitution of the
man equally so. Mr. Davenport called Arch. M'Carthy,
Charles Ford, and George Welsh, all of whom testified to
having seen some row which took place previously to the
assuult complaiued of, but none of them altered the evidence
offered in support of the accusation. William Dunn was
committed for trial. Catharine Dunn and Christopher Dunn
were ordered to pay a fine of £5 each, or, in default of pay-
ment, to be committed to the House of Correction for two
months. It was further ordered, that Christepher Dunn
should find bail that he would keep the peace, himself in £3O,
and two sureties in £l5 each.

A TIMID MAN.—On Tuesday, at the Police-office, an in-
dividual who stated that he was a master plasterer, appeared,
accompanied by his solicitor, Mr. Crewe, to substan-
tiate a complaint against a very beautiful and well.dressed
girl, who it appeared had put him in bodily fear. The com-
plainant, so far as bodily appearance was concerned, seemed
fully able to protect himself, at least from so gentle a crea-
ture as the girl against whom he complained. The latter, it
appeared, is a servant to a lady in Liverpool. Some time
since the complainant and defendant were extremely inti-
mate, and the result of a long acquaintance was the seduc-
tion of the latter. She had an infant, for the support of
which the complainant pays a certain sum weekly to the pa-
rish. After this occurrence he dropped the acquaintance.
He now complained that she had called at, his shop and
threatened to bring aloaded pistol and shoot him through
the head. A few nights since, said he, I was walking along
Smithdown-lane, when she met me, and presenting either a
pistol or a dagger at me, declaied she would have my life. I
ran away as hard as I could, and she seeing two gen-
tlemen coming up, did not follow me. The young woman
stated, that during the period of their intimacy, she bad, at
various times, lent him sums of money which be never repaid.
He now owed her £2l. All that he had told about the ristol
was false. She had certainly called at his workshop, and
requested him to let her have a little money, but she used no
threats whatever. Complainant: Oh yes, you did; when
you met me in Smithdown-lane, You said : now I've got you—
and didn't I run away ? Defendant : Yes you did, but I did
not do anything to frighten you. Complainant : Oh yes,
you presented a pistol. Defendant : Oh no; I never had a
pistol! Mr. Hall: I suppose she had her umbrella in her
hand, and you thought she was going to shoot you with it.
Mr. Crewe pressed the magistrate to make the defendant find
hail. Mr. Hall seemed to think there was no reason for such
a proceeding. He thought the young woman would see the
propriety of not going near the complainant again. The
best mode of recovering her money would be by action at
law. Mr. Ct ewe (to the coniplainant) : How do you feel now
in your conscience? Tell the magistrate fairly and candidly
the state of your feelings.—The man here began to weep, and
screwing his face into a most piteous expression of grief, he
whined nut, while sobs occasionally checked his utterence,--
I f you'll believe me—Mr. Hall—l am afraid to venture out.
I feel—that I am—l'm, I tell you candidly, afraid of my life.
—(Laughter.) Mr. Hall : I suppose you want to send her
to prison. Complainant: Yes, sir, I'm not safe while she's
at liberty. Mr. Hall thought it sufficient to exact from the
defendant a promise that she would never go near the timid
gentleman again. The defendant made the requisite pro-
mise, averring, however, that she should commence an action
for the recovery of her money.
S-rI3I3ING.—On Tuesday, at the Police-office, Ann Ouch-
raue, a dissolute female, was charged with havinrassaulted
Catharine Duffy and wounded her with a sharp instrument.
It appeared, that, on Tuesday last the complement and the
prisoner met each other in Tithebarn-street. Being old ac-
quaintances, they entered into conversation. A sailbrewho
was known to both, joined them. With this individual Ann
Cochrane began to quarrel, and it was not long before they
came to blows. As both the sailor and the prisoner were
much infuriated, Catharine Duffy feared that some mischief
might ensue. She therefore interfered and endeavoured to
part the combatants. Her efforts, however, only had the
effect of increasing the wrath of Cochrane, who threatened
to punish her if she did not immediately depart. The com-
plainant said she would soon put an end to the affray for she
would fetch a police officer. She went towards Milk-street
for the purpose of putting this threat into execution. Ann
Cochrane, in a state of great excitement, followed her, and
called several abominable names. At length seeing that the
complainant was intent upon finding a police officer, she
rushed at her, and exclaiming, " there, take that you dirty
faggot," stabbed her twice in the neck with a knife. The pro-
in her defence said, she never had a knife in her hand. Sub-
sequently she acknowledged that she had struck the com-
plainant, but it was with a sharp stone. The cuts were
stated to be very severe but not dangerous. Mr. Hall,
animadverting on the brutality of the assault, order the pri-
prisoner to pay a fine of £5 and costs, or, in default of pay-
ment, to lie committed for two months to the House of Cor-
rection.

THEFT BY A BUTCHER'S ASSISTANT.—CharIes Healey, a
youth who has been for some time in the employ of Mr.
Gilks, a butcher, who carries on an extensive business in
Cleveland•square, was on Wednesday placed before Mr.
Hall, charged with having robbed his master. It appears
that Mr. Gilks has for a long time suspected the prisoner, in
consequence of his extravagant habits; but owing to the
quantity of money turned over, detection was difficult. At
length the style of the prisoner's dress, and the nature of some
purchases which he had made, rendered it evident that he
must be obtaining much more money than his wages, by some
means. He was narrowly watched; but though suspicion
was strengthened, nothing was discovered sufficiently certain
to warrant his apprehension. It was determined, therefore,
to lay a trap for him. Accordingly Mr. Gilks and his daugh-
ter marked some money, and put it into the hands of a young
woman of their acquaintance, with the request that a joint of
meat might be sent for and purchased from the prisoner, early
next morning, before Mi. Gilks went to the shop. The young
woman complied with the request. Early on Wednesday
morning five pounds of mutton was purchased from Healey,
and paid for with the marked money. Mr. Gilks having as-
certained this, examined the drawer; but no money was there.
Mr. Gough, one of the market constables, was sent for. He
searched the prisoner, and found the two marked shillings,
and one marked sixpence, paid by the young woman for the
mutton. The box of the prisoner was searched, and Gough
found several half-crowns and a new flute. The prisoner
had also purchased clothes to the amount of £2 135., which,
as well as the flute, he confessed had been paid for by money
stolen from his master. The money found, including the two
shillings and sixpence marked, amounted to £2 Bs. 6d., of
which the prisoner said only G. were his own. The flute bad
cost him 135.. He was committed for trial. 7 -

PAYING DEARLY FOR KlNDNESS.—Yesterday, at the
Police-office, a drunken, dissipated-looking woman, with a
face the colour of pipe-clay, named Mary Smith,.was charged
by a good-looking little Welsh woman with having defrauded
her of half a sovereign. The complainant, in stating her
grievance said—" She came yesterdays to porrow sixpence,
which I thought I wont lent her, and gef hur what I thought
was a sixpence, put it wass half a sofereign 1. ef her in mis-
take; ant as I had no one to give me atvice let it wait till
this morning." Mr. Hall.—How do you kn . .it was half
a sovereign ? Complainant.—l am sure it wasss for a alien-
tlemans paid it to the for washing." The prisoner was asked
what she had to say, and, with great volubility and with ex-
traordinary conciseness, gave the magistrates her name, con-
dition, and defence. "Please, sir, my name is Mary Smith.
I was turned out of my lodgings, and wanted sixpence; I
axed my neighbour there for it, and she lent it me after some
scruples, and I paid it away." Being asked how she came
into possession of 31 or 4s found upon her, she said she had
pawned some of her clothes for the money that morning
which appeared to be true, some pawn-tickets .being found
upon her. Mr. Hall said that would show that she wanted
money. No, she did not wants money, for she sent for a
nokkin of gin, and was treating all night. Mr. Hall said
she might have done that; on which side the mistake was
he could not tell. Complainant.—l must haf gifen it her.
Mr. Hall. It is a case I cannot interfere in. Discharge her.
RotititNG A BARGE.—Yesterday, at the Police-office, an
elderly man named John Morecroft, was charged with having
robbed a barge. lying in the canal, of a quantity of provi-
sions and wea4mg apparel. Policeman 122 stated, that about
nine o'clock that morning he received information that the
cabin door of a flat had been broken open, and a quantity of
flour, bacon, sugar and clothes taken out. The complain-
ant, a real rough-spun Cbeshireman, was asked to state his
complaint, but reinaiued silent, the very picture of sturdy
stupidity,—Mr. Hall: Is that your jacket ? ' Complainant :
Yees. Mr. Hall: Yes what ? Complainant: Thaes things
belongs to me. Mr. Hall: What are you ? Complainant :
Whoy hoi'm a boatman. Mr. Hall: Where did you put
these things? Complainant: I't cabin loike. Mr. Hall:
When did you miss them? Complainant: Last noight.
The officer said he had found the stolen goods in the house
of the prisoner, and had therefore taken him into custody.
He said he knew nothing at all about them; the house was
his son's. Mr. Hall: Does this man's son work on board
your flat ? Complainant: Yees, he does sometimes. Mr.
Hall : This man may be quite innocent; the sun may have
taken them. Complainant: I doant think that man tuk
'em; I doant think he did. Mr. Hall: It is hicsont Com-
plainant: Yees. Mr. Hall: Well, you must look after the
son; there is uo evidence against this man at all. Discharge
him.

SINGULAR CIRCUMSTANCE.—The other day Mr. Lennox,
fishmonger, St. John-street, on opening an oyster, found
therein an English shilling ! How the coin got there is a
puzzler.—Perth Paper.
The Earl and Countess of Wilton returned to town on
Monday last, from a visit to the Duke of Wellington, at
Walmer Castle. The noble earl and countess will shortly
leave town for their seat in Leicestershire.

Two men engaged in two different contests at Leicester,
have lost their lives from being engaged in boxing matches.
A verdict of manslaughter last Monday was recorded in both
cases.

ECONOMY IN GUN POW DER.—lnstructions have been given
that the 29th Mav, the anniversary of King Charles Il.'s
restoration, is no *longer to be observed by•the firing of the
Tower guns. What next ?
The principal alteration now making in Buckingham Pa-
lace is the construction of a new grand staircase, by which
parties leaving the state rooms may descend without, as here-
tofore, meeting on the same staircase these who are arriving;
by nhich much inconvenient crowding will be- avoided.
At Dudley, on Friday, Mr. Paskins, formerly a school.
master, and now possessed of .from £15,000 to £20,000, was
held to bail in E.lOO, to tako his trial at the neat sessions,
for stea;ing al,rlt two pat:_flo of (Awn fronrau auction room
in that town:`-IftiNcfrer Anwnat.

•
,
-
THE INSURANCE COMPANY. HANOVRN, OCT. 25.-Since the last visit of Dr. Grath Jig arittus. I
Vottrp. acquired contempt for what a short time agu they and pletely infatuated them, and they looked on calmly: at
the reports are revived of a speedy operation on the Crown
. their fellow-whigs were accustomed to call the "GLO- the murder. Thus do we clearly trace these atrocities
(FRONI THE COURT GAZETTE.) Prince, and that it will, in all propabilitv, be successful. It ----.00,--.
eisesiewiewseseee
WHEN I WAS IN MY PRIME. RIOUS" revolution of 168 S-the " form of prayer with to the apostacy and its pestiferous influence. The A rich capitalist of Paris, whom I shall name M. Lebrun LIVERPOOL CORN EXCHANGE, Nov. 6. J. C
thanksgiving" for the sth of November being not only case we have referred to is only one more added to was famed for his enterprising and speculative disposition. their beloved Crown Prince may recover his sight, and so
, is certainly the most fervent wish of an Hanoverians that
- Since Tuesday last the imports of Oats and Ontmeal froM Ireland Keell
have been to a fair extent, and some increase to our stocks of Fo-
BY CAROLINE BOWLES. " for the happy deliverance of King James I. and the that tremendous catalogue of misdeeds for which it Net a new project was set on foot but he was applied to for be fully qualified to ascend the throne of his ancestors. It is as far
his patronage and protection, and in general whatever he en- well knoan that one eye is irrecoverably lost ;it is atrophy- reign free Wheat has occurred by arrivals coestways from London, tr, I
- three estates of England from the most traitorous and has to answer ancz
rrtshiceuaclttoufrrunaillTywro:it rhd kee Ajjoiet
gaged in was crowned with success. Not long since he was that is to say, nature fias ceased to convey any nourishment but of all other Grain very moderate, and the weather haying eon-
1a - I mind me of a pleasant time,- bloody-intendecr massacre by. gunpowder," but " also One morning seated in his study at his country house, when to in and it has consequently sunk in and shtivelled up. tinned unfavourable for Tmpleting harvest in the backward situa-
A season long ago,- for the happy arrival of his Majesty King William twos -for securtng the I otatoe crops, and for allianatoe
The pleasantest I've ever known, NATIONAL EDUCAII'ION -JUSTICE FOR a cabriolet drove up to the door: from it descended a young Against this art is unavailing; we have, therefore, only to
we ha. re ~x erienced a very steady demand all last'week, and sales Ate
, on this day for the deliverance of our Church and man of fashionable appearance, and fine open countenance, hope that (what unhappily frequently happens) the second P
Or ever now can know : IRELAND. Err
1 Bees, birds, and little tinkling rills, nation." Thus our precious whig ministers have ~
not unknown to the frequenters of Tortoni s. He demanded eye may not follow the first. Hitherto, however, it is said ht oa
veep rbeetet,y,
mc oardi sei dteor art liel l ee xr
st
,e
dn
et
aolf,
re. v, ea rnyd a
sr tpi
ic.
cleul
1 So merrily did chime; managed by one act to express their sympathy for one TO THE RO3IAN CATHOLICS OF IRELAND. os
to speak with the master of the house, and was introduced at there is no sign of atrophy in the other eye. It is said that prices last noted, and for very superior qualities, at a small advance, wi
.
tat • • The year was in its sweet spring-tide, of the most bloody-minded ruffians that ever breathed once to M. Lebrun• His host was in slippers and robe-de- Dr. Grads will perform the operation, and come from Berlin and this statement is applicable to the London, Yorkshire,and to
chanabre, for he loved to live as indolently as he could when for that purpose, in a few days. It is thought that if the all our country markets of the past week. brew
.o‘;#seelikoefsllimmittliti.idieloodaliatisastspoist........------ " I s.eak as unto wise men-judee ye what I say."-1 Cor. x. 15. The only alteration in the duties on Grain from Foreign Ports on
instrit-the-CAturels,-to-violate the. law,-aud.10,4041 - .. eaeeesee. see-aarare. eenea ' alOt • n ersed in the whirl 00l of business at Paris. Prates- last was an increase of la 6 i per qr. on Rye, and a decrease
per qrs.' tur feassie a- speculative demand -for-Wheat and No
. I 've never heard such music since, ciliate O'Connell by turning up their noses at the sus'. n05i5,.....,....- - ---.- • ,i, ;-.,• • . •• - ' - -s- ..--...,..-......, , operation succeeds the King will take that opportunity to
' ou wit t excuse m , tin iffr-idetlittrienirearcetratardon in-tile Gottin seen -stare wriserners, sThe re is,a- -of Is ,-84- Live!
From every bending spray,- I could never again conscientiously- call myself your faith'ful
taking possession of an arm chair ; " you will ex-cuse me for report that the city of Eloldestreine is preparing to present a Fleur in bond Ins continued, and several pareels have changed (~.1)7,.•
revolution of 1688 l
• I 've never pull'd such primroses, friend and servant, were I to allow the present opportunity
troubliug your retirement by speaking to you of matters of second address to "the German Diet. hands at an advance equal to about Is 6d per 701bs for the former,
' Set thick on bank and brae,- We have not yet heard whether any "Liberal" to pass of entreating your attention to the two distinguished
a _ speculation; but the affair in question is of grave importance and at about 3s to 4s per brl for the latter, less than can be obtained Th 7)
. Rotel
I 've never smelt such violets,- bishop was brought to preach before her Majesty on prelates of your church who are now figuring before your eyes
and pressing nature: it may have consequences so morally "'''""'""l'ulzums"
, Lona
• Asa all that pleasant time, useful to society, and so exorbitantly lucrative for the projec- an early reduction of the duties ; some parcels of Oats in bond
the sth in defence of Guy Faux, and in disparagement in the arena of public controversy. gmb ipp tug Entritt amt. have found seles for export at our quotetions. 27, C
I foluid by every hawthorn root, Our witty countryman l'homas Moore, when writing his
of William 111. ; but this we can affirm, and prove by , , . ~ . . •-. tors, that I feel convinced of your forgiveness for speakiug At this day's market there was a fair attendance of town and W
When I was in my prime. - poem to try aud extricate these eminent coinuatanta from Cr.os,
to vou respecting it." •
evidence-namely, that a government print of last Dens, said that he (Dens t- ----eselee-- country millers and dealers, who made purchases only to a very
. Y6n moory down, so black and bare, night (Cupid) contained the following lines, which, "Of course was more handy to call in a hurry, `''' Speak on, Monsieur; lam all attention," said the capi- TUESDAY. Nos-Esselte. 6.-Wind E. moderate extent of every article in the trade, at the prices of this factu
Asto
. Was gorgeous, then, and gay talist, crossing his legs and drawing his dressing-gown closely ARRivED.-Dalhousie Castle, al nrray, ftom Miramichi. day week.
if they amount not to a panegyric upon Guy Faux, Than Docther Mac Hale or Doctor Murray." WHEAT, ir 701 b s. d. 8. d INDIAN CORN, 4i, 4801 b. Hem
With gorse and gowan, blossoming about him. SAILED.-WITI. Wright, Flagg, for Montego Bay-Sandbach. Nort
called forward in vain • Bispliam, for Demerara Frances, Dixon, an ae, for Enelish
d Ilannah. Bri„s. , e 10 6 al2 3 Red
As none blooms now-a-day:- are at least an astoundingly stupid palliation of a They have been often both of them • • ' " Who could ever have supposed," said the stranger with Rea(
but here the two gentlemen, without any one calling for , , .„ , . .. . Barbadoes-Abercromby, Ure, for Charleston-Maria Leone, Tur- Seotch lO 4 -11 6 White
Irish .. - 44 0
43 0 - 46 0
sshirt
The blackbird sings but seldom now design the most cruel and the most cowardly that the great sotemnity, that in quitting an age of doubt and incer- menneur f_or Marehnes, &c.-Blackness, Butler, for Hamburg- Irish
tan
Shet
8 8 -10 9 Beeeis, 4, qr.
them and without any hurry whatever, conic forth deliber- .
titude like the last, we should enter a period so remarkable and Magnificent, NN hitty, for Savannah. mak
Up there in the old lime, annals of crime record. The following are the lines 1'• , ,
re pffitonut
ss Judith R.; Esther, Moran, from Jamaica, at Cork Bonded 9 3 -10 2 English 44 0-46 0
Where. hours and hours, he used to sing, to which we allude. It will be observed that they are bateenyetitinottptehceoiriuitnnsrtcsuoeftio_vuou. r newspapers to give you all the
for its desire to make all fixed and certain as the present-.
Agenoria, -, hence off Green Island BARLEY, Ar qr.
When I was in my prime. In the eighteenth century every thing was overturned, be English .38 0 -42 0 PEAS, Grey.... 32 0-38 0
signed " S." That they are in es ery sense a the intentions, and to lend tny huAmlbl cause the world doubted of everything ;in the nineteenth no Chevalier 4a 0 -43 0 , White .. 40 0-48 0 rick
Such cutting winds came never then,
expression "devilish bad," we admit ; -but does Cupid shall not be lost on you. oo
nsse ct
hoantd tthheei :••
Hannah. Adams from Bahia, at Hamburg Scotch, aas 601 b. 5 3- 5 6 RAPESEED, tr last, it -
To pierce one through and through; loewe xue) er
tti
There are three points on which thev convey to you most , ,
doubt exists, because nothing is left to chance. It is by means Stainbaul, Sloma'n, !rem Constantino •
ple, at Kingroad Irish - 5 4 FLOUR, English. ir 2801 b. To t
More softly fell the silent shower- seriously mean that he had them from Satan himself l , - • • •. .f oi insurance that society is now reorganizing itself. What
excellent information ; and, without presuming to Intel ere Frankfort Norman, hence at Milford, leaky, and with loss of Foreign, bond. 42- 4 6 Fine 54 0-63 0 T.
More balmily the dew : between such infallible opponents, I call you, my country- is there that is not now insured ? N •h• b l• t 1 • - '
s ay, it as een ae y bulwarks • - OATS, r 451 h. Irish - 62 0 ster
The morning mist and evening haze- FANCIES OF TLi E FIFTH. men to the plain common-sense view of the case. Common .
whispeeed that the Messrs. Rothschild think seriously of form- Bolina, Carroll, from Jersey for Oils port, at Plymouth, with English 3- 4 0 American. ala brl. free. New
Unlike this cold grey rime- (From Cupid.) or sails split
' • , , ins* a company for insuring kings on their thrones, and f a. .
'sense you have-quick sense-shrewd sense-capital sense, Scotch
Charles, Brice, from Ostend, for this port. at Rarnsgate, leaky, Irish 36- 4 0 Sweet, U.S. 00- 0 0 ow,
3 4 - 3 9 Sour, bond .. 35 0 - 40 0
Seemed woven caves of golden air, a my dear countrymen.-Now, all I ask of you is, use it a little, fiiin. ministers of state in possession of their portfeuilles;
having been in contact with the pier and with loss of slits anchors Foreien bond 26- 3 2 OATMF.AL, Er 240115 boo'
When I was in my prime. " Something to burn the Guy !" they cried, if vou please. in fac't, insurance is the ' b 1• .1 'll b , • , ts, , • •
great instrument ywim i at e and cables Ditto, duty free 34- 3 9 English 29 0-31 0 Mar
brought about that advanced state of humanity, so fruitlessly Charlotte, Williams, from Africa for thls port, at Falmouth, very ' RYE, r qr. 36 0 -40 a Do. new 1837 32 0-34 0 strip
, . s And blackberries-so mawkish'now- Those tiny boys, while far and wide The points are these :- ~
Were finely flavored then; Laughed the long street-as on they bore Ist. THE UNITY OF THE CHURCH. sought for by Fourier, St. Simon, and leaky, and with considerable damage. One man washed overs MALT, r qr. fines 6 0 -61 0 Scotch
6 " But what is the meaning of this long preamble?" inter- board, and another died on the passaee, having experienced very Middling 46 0 -56 0
And hazel nuts! such clusters thick l'heir monster-doll from door to door- 2d. THE CHURCH'S SENSE OF THE SCRIP- bad weather. On 10th Oct. in lat. 2i, long. 2840, spoke the Ben- - J(
tupted the master of the mansion, in a dry metallic voice.
I ne'er shall pull again ;- A hunch-back thing-a figure squat, TURES. gal, hence for Mobile LVERPOOL PROVISION MARKET, Nov. 8.
Nor strawberries, blushing wild as rich, In Punch's paunch and pointed hat ; 11. THE RIGHT OF PRIVATE JUDGMENT. " You are aware, I presume, that I require something posi••
WARREN POINT, Nov. 4.-Eli I
za tette, Smith, from Glasgow for There is a better feeling in our Butter market this week, and
tive-actual- al able " lavine a stress ou each ex ression. •
As fruits of sunniest clime ;- Bv children's tawdry taste array'd First, now, the UNITY oi: THE Client-fa You kilos% e
• -hat p p , .., P Cardiff, struck on Carlingford last evening, and now lies nearly prices may be noted Is to 2s higher. Crane inspected Belfast has No,
"My project unites all ttiese qualities," said the stranger. covered at low water
How all is altered for the worse, With rags, red, and ochre's aid ;- a fuss is made about education ; your children, fhey say, roust touched 955. Pickled Butter is firmly held at 88s.-Provisions are 14.
" Well, then, let us have it, without further preliminaries," Jean Graham, Thornton, from Mauritius at London '1 '5
Since I was in my prime! " Something to burn the Guy !" they cried, be brought up in the unity of the Holy Catholic Church. rather higher, the demand is, however, at present only to a retai , a
said the other. Bei rain, hence fur Constantinople, was spoken in tat 49, long 8 extent for ship stores.-Bacon goes off with tolerable freedom at isi•
While rang the street with laughter wide. They give you the Board of Educatiou for your children. ac is, sat e projec or,
" The ft • " •ti th ••t " that the matter is of Catherine M 'Donald, hence for Richibucto, was spoken 7th Oct. 46s to 485.-Hams very scarce and wanted. 15
• IL NOW, look at your bishops. so delicate a nature that lam obliged to nre iare You for my in tat 46, long 64 15,
THE PAGE. Dr. islacHale denounces the board, and he denounces Dr. , a ' e s, I - - Xylon, hence for New York, was spoken 6th October, in lat 48, - - --- 15.
,
- And this poor scare-crow mark for fun Murray for presiding at it. proposal. long 38 LIVERPOOL AGRICULTURAL MARKET, Nov. 7.
BY THE AUTHOR OF " THE PROVOST OF BRUGES," &C. Is the sole memory left of ONE Mr. Murray, on the other side, attacks Dr. Mac Hale; pits- .
" I think I can guess that it relates to an insurance corn- Wilkinson, hence for Maranham, was spoken 290. October. in a. d. s. d. a. d. s. d. -
\V ho-granting all that party rage Dans. Wha •• • ' M•' ""
tis It you propose to insure, . onsieur t. lat sc, long 7 Old Hay 0 tont 2 1,20115 Potatoes .... 2 _ 811)3 2 -
- fesses to refute all his arguments; he produces Dr. Crotty • Queen of the South, Gillard hence. at Newfoundland a New Hey o'7l 0 - Cattle Ditto.. 232 5 -
,-- It was deep midnight, and the stars shone bright Has penn'd in history's doubtful page- and Dr. Denyia to his aid ; and he says he has the majority "'Since I must speak ositivelv l • • -
, my p an is to insure mar-
ria eable eirl- • • Ph
' "1 fh • • Nyverheid, Lievens, hence, at Ostend
s If but one moment's dread delay S against t e great evi o t eir extstence- Clover flay O7O 10 - Turnips 25 027 Oper ton.
of the hierarchy wit h him ; so, by his confession, it seems a ~,,,g• Hylton, Booth ; Sarah, Watford ; Norfolk, Curle; Brnnswick, Straw, Wheat 0•81 0 91- Carrots - Bit.
1 , Over bold Sir Julian's halls;
But the revel's din still sounded within, Gave stern resolve its fatal sway, body of them, though fewer, is with Dr. Mac Hale. a inst being old maids."
a
4, Porter • PheeniX, Towsoo ; Alexander Sevin, Tulin' ; Gregory Straw, Oat ... 0 7 0 8 - Manelewurzle 0 0 0 0 -
And shook the hoary walls; Had blotted with hell's deepest dye Do not send your children to the schools, says Dr. Mac- - Hum-m-m " ruminated the man of wealt ,
h again fix- Bogoslo'ff, Tuliff ; Superb, Widgreen ; and Ilebe, Lindstrom, hence straw • - ',tenure
Barlee 0 6 0 7 7 0 9 0 - Bir
a ' For the Knight drank.deep, while the world was asleep; The sun in the affrighted sky, Ilale; you have Heretics, Lutherans, Calvanists, Socinians, dl• I.' bdhh h h h •1* It•••t
ing roun um us to e- e-c am re, wlc t esig 1 it ri a- at Revel Clover - Bo'
•• He drank with his lemans fair ;- And left the thunder-shaken earth deciding on the translation and interpretation of scripture, „
bon of the moment had d• I. d " al • • ' " Poeme.
isp ace , the iea is ingenious. Nov. 4.-George Canning. Bowles, hence for Liverpool.
has put back leaky, and it is t xpected must diseharge --------- Du
. And he•turned, in his joy, to the pale young boy A name to wither up her mirth, and ailowed equal power with the infallible Church of Christ . You ierceive that the natural desire which must arise in
Maxon°, Nov. 4.-Durine the heavy gale last evening the Bel- LIVERPOOL CATTLE MARKET, Nov. 6. Ea:
- That waited beside his chair. As long as Fear shall fetter slaves- in providing instruction for Your children. l• I.' b • •(.1 • Ft, • •Yll ••F t • -
eviry ads s osom to avot Le I my, wi Inc ine ier to in lona, of Greenock, drove foul of the Mary Marsden, from I,i- The supply of Beasts at market to-day has been considerably Ed
Or round white Albion ocean raves. sure and the profits must be enormous."
As the wine he quaffed, with that page he laughed ;- This is not tolerable, so -don't send your children to the „' , verpool for 'Trieste, and her anchor went completely through the smaller than that of last week, and the quality principally only
Dreadful enthusiast-in whose crime, I es, that's clear enough; but how will you manage the latter, under the main chains. She immediately made so much
' He laughed at his sister's shame !- schools, says Dr. Mac Hale. I, middling • the few that were of good quality were soon sold Ida; Gli
.
As fiercely sinful as sublime, rate ofiusurance ? water that she was run on shore to prevent her sinking in deep but in price there is no alteration from our last quotations. we (31;
And the fair boy smiled-for how should a child Do send your children to the schools, says Dr. Murray. 1 " That must be graduated according to the beauty, for- water. •Will commence discharging to-morrow.
Dull sensless centuries seem to see -The Agnes, of have also had a limited supply of Sheep for the season of the year,
Know aught of maiden's fame? watch against these hesetics; they and I as,,tee in the plats of Waterfora, drove foul of the Pelham, from Liverpool for Mar-
tune,' and talents of each. The chances of old-inaidhood and prices much the same as last week. Good Beef sold at 50, Gr
But theme for gibes and tnockery-
Yet they two had grown together as one, education and in the extracts ; if there was anything wrong seilles ; the. latter lost hulwarks, stanchions and coverine boards
, e middling sd, and ordinary 4W. Good Wether Mutton sold at 60, I
cannot be the same for all. nor do I propose to insure all
To me that mime grotesque has isrought
Till she fell to that man of guile; I • • d •
in them, I would immediately bot it out. so do sen sour -is leaky, and must diseharge xce t a few which were of very su erior uality and large size at Gr
A weight of sad and solemn thought, for the same age; one magi be tixed at twenty, another at Celia • ' P - P
And she now rests her head on a clay-cold beci•-• children to the schools, says Dr. Murray. . Blacls ; Lune. Lothermgton ; Jessie, Ford, and Ocean, 71, middling and Ew(•s 51d to 6d, interior Rd. The market, upon H,
Black with the sense of countless years, twents -five, and a third even so late as thirty-five. lf, after Douglas, hence at aliramielsi the whole, may be considered a tolerably brisk one, and there were La
Oh I. 't is strange that her brother can smile! Now, here is a practical question-here is a question for
Thro' whicb, amid its bonds and tears, the expiration of the letin agreed on, the lady remains with- llannah, Adams, from Bahia. at Hamburg but few of either Beasts or Sheep left unsold. Number of Cattle Li.
you to decide, and decide vou mnst. Here is no unity-here
" Come, fill me a cup! Sir Page, fill it up, Mid every curse flagitious king, out a husband, the indemnity must be paid, and this will con- Rosebank, Fitzsimmons, fzont Quebec, at Belfast at market-Beasts 1410, Sheep 4575. 1
While I drink to the fair and kind: And sworded fraud on millions fling, is flat contradiction, and that on the education of the Roman
Catholic children of Ireland. W'll •us nd your children
tyo e stitute a fortune, which in man - 'll b' f 1 1
s cases al o tam or ier tle Argus, Vautier, from Gespee, at ditto
Idea, Pennington, from Quebec. at ditto -- -
• Yet methinks 't were not ill they should taste who fill, A trampled people's mournful song partner she desires." Lo
to the-schools, or will you not? Devon Deitch, from Newfoundland. at ditto PRICES OF TIMBER AT LIVERPOOL. 1
Lest mischief should lurk behind!" Arose-" Oh, Freedom's God-how long?" " But will the Company reserve to itself the power of act- Diana.' Miller, from Quebec, at Drogheda
If you do, you denounce Dr. Mac Hale and the church, and . DuTT.
His smile never failed, his eye never quailed, Wild fancies, too, of woodland scenes, ing its any way it may deem advisable, to procure husbands Rose arCroom. Evans from Quebec, at Waterford .
you follow Dr. Murray and his piebald principles of com- Wood. Deals, 120 Stan. M. duty paid. .
As the brim to the lip he pressed : An antique study dim, where leans for the insured before the term fixed on ?" Jane. Collin, from Richibucto, at Beaumaris, leak, and with
promise. foremast sprung Archangel £lB 0 0 18 10
Freely he quaffed of the sparkling draught, O'er Sallust's page or Curtius' tale If you do. not, you denounce Dr. Murray and the board, " Most assuredly ; the Company of course cannot renounce
Egidius, Den Duyts, from Ostend for this port, at Fahnouth Memel
La
And Sir Julian drained the rest. A lonely tlreatning youth whose pale anti you follow Dr. Mac Hale and the true principles of your any means of b• - • b • ' b l 11
rmging a out its ooject, ut must emp oy a Sane, Hudson, from Dalhousie, at Lancaster Gothenliurg l5 10 -16 0 Foreign £l9. is,
"My Page, why so pale-do thy senses fail? And thoughtful beauty, g'lorious brow, church.
- which may seem advantageous ;in fact, flee indemnity will John Airey, Watson, from Cuba, at Swansea Wyburg -- -- ---- B.Flan.£2.
What ails thee, boy ?-thou art ill !"- Yon urchin-mob so libels now. Which are you to choose ? Whom are you to follow ? i
scarcely ever be required to be paid, and that is the reason Edmund, VS-odehouse, Fuller, from Marinapole, at Standgate Petersburgh l5 10 -17 10 Not above 21 ft. n
wiv the speculation is so splendid." Creek Planks, per foot of 2 in. thick Foreign £22. .
His eye is less bright, and his lip more white, irt. Which of these infallible divines is God, and which is Baal? a Yes, I see that there must •
arise some gains." The barque Ida Maria, --, hence for Revel, passed Dunnet Dantzig. Deck - 041 B. I'. £2 10s.
M
But that smile plays around it still. Will you all agree when your archbishops are divided ?Is a Head 27th ult. British American, Pine 0 21- 02i
Be far from me the wish to plead e oss, in errup e e
Immense profits and not a sinel 1-" • t td th , N
And his dim, dim gaze, on Sir Julian stays;- Leinster to follow Dr. Murray and Conuatieht to follow Dr. a Lutza, Gibson, cleared at Marseilles on the 28th ult. and the Lathwood, per fathom.
One thought extenuant of his deed- , e advocate of the new Insurance Company, seeing that his
What may its meaning be? Mac Hale? Three Sisters, Leard, on the 29th, h th for this o t
o p r Danzig. 4 feet £9 0 - 10 0 £4ss.
'Twas death-deserving-failure, fame, host was balancing towards the project. "If an insutance is Charlotte, ,of Whitehaven, sunk near Puffin Island and British American. - 6 0 15s. N
"Sir Julian, prepare, thou bast taken thy share You must choose between these belligerents for the very S(
To him, the self-doomed, was the same- e• ' - effected against death, nothing can binder persons from dying: Instant ; crew saved Maaogany, per foot of 1 inch thick.
Of the poisoned cup with me !" .Seized or successful, still he knew pretence of unity is absurd. To the schools your children if it is made against fite, how can you prevent houses from The schooner Walter Scott, , from Quebec for this port, Honduras
' 'Wild is the cry that rises on high- His life for life was justly due- must go, or from them they must stay. Let thein put what burning .if you insure against perils of water, how can ship- was spoken its lat 3G, long. 49, out 16 days, all well Cuba
la,
,
Terrible, sad, and wild; He fail'd and perished; and no less imposture they please on you after this, but the fiction of unity wrecks be put a stop to ' But insuring against re- arn Woolner hence for Cns• ' - •
Beir . , o tantinop,e, was spoken in lat. St. Domingo . . . 10- 1 6 C
As the vengeance is felt to be fearfully dealt , But with this difference-dying, then, is gone in Ireland for ever. 49, long. 8
maieings single, all you have to do is to marry off as quickly The Oak Planks, British American.. none 15s load.
It
• ' From the hand of that feeble child. As one endear'd to daring men, Now, secondly, as to the interpretation of the Scriptures, s possible your customers." Dalhousie Castle, !Murray, from Miramichi • Teakwood, cubic feet
,at this port,
seile(llsth ult. On the Ist instant, in lat. 50 long. 16 30, spoke Staves, per 1200. 3 6 - -10 s.
B.
But its work is done : for the rising sun Who sealed the cause for which he stood I beseech you, my friends, see how these spiritual impostors a" I suppose that the Company will take care to have always the Malclutha, of London,under jury foremaseand bows •t d Danzig, Common Pipe £l4O 0- - -
pia . an
' • Saw the Knight, in his plumed pride, (Nor more could Brutus) with his blood. deceive and blind you. at its disposal a number of gentlemanly bachelors of goodcha- shortof bread. Same day, at 4 p.m. spoke tae Mreat'amsteen, Hhd. 65 0-70 0 Not above 36 in. -
• Lie,stark and pale, 'mid his followers' wail, • He failed, and o'er his memory years They have both sworn a solemn oath to the Pope, which racter and education, physicians, surgeons, literary member- (steamer) from Bristol for New York ; wind N.W. moderate Quebec, red 1} inch -
' A corse by the fair boy's side. Fly scoffing now with brutal jeers, oath they give you in the shape of a creed, that they will
~ ~
lister: merchants and scientific men, whorn it may employ WRECK or THE LADY CHARLOTTE.-Extract of a letter from Thick, and 5} feet
.145 0-60 0 B. Plan. 2s. -
-
Until of Faction's martyr lives never receive the Sacred Scriptures in any other sense than to gain the hearts of those who are to be married ?'
g IlSe. Thomas Court, of Liverpool, dated yesterday. ;-" I have re- Long -
- --- - that which their holy mother the church has held and does hold. ee , ealved a letter from Captain Mackie this morning, in which he Ditto. Puncheon l4 0-18 0
No thought but what yon puppet gives! lhat is an indispensible condition ofsuccess, and I intend Speaks in very samguine terms of being able to save the specie Timber, per cubic foot. -
CON7'EMPORARY PRESS. Now I have told you in many publications that this is a pal- taking on myself the care of that particular duty. from the Lady Charlotte, with the assistance of of a diver. He Oak - 3s Od -
. Iv.
_ pable falsehood, a base imposture put upon you, and that a 10s. L
Well, then, lam your man. Let the matter rest between has discovered the wreck among the rocks, and thinks at low Pine, B. American, common - -
ANTI.CORN LAW AGITATION. Fore-doomed One! in that frightful hour every priest in your chut ch knows :t to be an imposture, So us two ;no noise, no puffing, nettling but seeress, activity, water during spring tides there will not be more than twelve feet red ..... - 2 0 per load. B
• 'That gave thee fetaer'd up to Power; neither Mr. Maguire, nor any one of them, would ever dare yellow - 1 9 C
. (Front the Morning Herald.) and cleverness. Get the bond of partnership prepared, and water E
• When round thee throng'd with aspect fell to stand before voe and give their church's interpretation Danzie, middline 2 2}- 2 6
' A band of schemers has been busied, for some time eet the act constituting the Society duly passed through the WEpNESDAY, NOVF ". • '.
.MBER 1.-Wind S.S.E. to S. S.W . Memel, middling 2 21- 26 t a lss 4f load. F
The slaves scarce half-escaped from hell- even of one bool in the Bible ; there is no such thing, and ' V
:Oat, in organising a system of agitation against the Prepar'd, with smiles, to stretch for thee they know there is nut, though they thus enslave you and shut proper forms. lam willing to advance 800,000 francs, which • ARRTYED.-John, Heselton, from Quebec. Riga, red - 2 6
will be amply sufficient for the capital. You, on the other SAILED.-Navigator, lietelboter, for Stettin-and St. Sebastian, --- -
: corn laws. The simplicity with which, at times, the The rack's delirious agony- up the Bible frann you on this ground. E
hand, will throw into the stock your zeal and activity, and Glover, for Rio J aneiro.
- more noisy acrents of the system betray the motives What, more than all the thousand pangs Now, mark these two infallible guides, who have both the profits shall he'divided. I 7 I ' •
act generous 3, as you ma IRISH PRODUCE AND MANUFAC'TURE. I
- P That round thee bare their ghastly fangs, , sworn this oath. Observe the fact :- Y Tam o'Shanter, Sum h M I
pton. ence at i nntrea DUBLIN, November.
by which their employers are animated, is amusing, perceive."
Shook thy calm soul and cloudless brow, These Scripture lessons, extracts and comments, translated, Abeone Grant hence it St John N B BRICK-Tullamore per thousand 30s to 325. County Dublin 32s 1
-and not uninstructive. l'he young man took his leave l• 1••t•fi I •• Is
, exceet mg ssalß e( %sit Albion' *F . ' 1 • '• •
rrest, hence at Misamichi to 365.
'lhat never shook or shrunk till uow ?* as Dr. Murray tells you, fresh from the Hebrew and Greek, s; :;, A : t
At Manchester, more especially', there has been - Not thoughts of how thy spirit toil'd and not even 'from the Vulgate as approved by the Council ot ging into is ca no ere urne o arts.
KEES INS., an. sprat • • h' •b. 1 t t dIP• ' • Columitia,o Bartlett, and Sarah, Hunter, hence at Newfoundland BEEF-Per tierce India, £0 Oe to V) CI, ; prime mese £slos to
' '
• In a few days he brought the necessary papeis, and the mat- Borussia, Hamann, hence et Copenhagen ' .£5 12s 6d; plant mess, £1 10s to Ja2 15s ; barrels £3 lOs to .£3 15s.
formed an Anti-Corn Law Association ; and this as- Untired-devoted, to be foiPd ; Trent-translated too by a Scotch Calvinist a heretic and
. , ,- ' ' , ter was speedily concluded. After M. Lebrun had signed G,uardiao, Cooper. from Bahia, at Cuxhaven IS:scree-Per cwt. 44s to 555: heavy 45s to 46s ; pigs' cheeks 38s. ,
- sociation has employed a spouter, named Poulton, to Not the sad presage that the land approved of by another heretical bishop, and by a Socinian and returned them t h • I t h •dd - dh•
ot e young specu a or, e a resse tm Sophia, Harris. from Rio Janeiro. at ditto to 42s ; hams 52s to 343; pork per barrel 85s to 90s ; tongues per '
Which dream'd of freedom at ti y hand heretic, who denies the divinity of our Lord Jesus Christ. Ariel. Butler, hence at Hamburgh firkin 35s to 365.
perambulate the country, and to reiterate the dull and thus : is, (
Was left but deeper now to pine These are sound and proper extracts, notes, and comments a Ophelia Foreman hence at Ries BUTTER-First per cwt. Os to Os ;in cools 8d to 10d per ie. 1
Anillow common-places on which the enemies of Eng- Beneath the curse of "Right Divine." from the Scriptures for your children, says Dr. Murray, and I\lonsieur, you are now Director of the new Company, Albion * . . " • •
, Johnson i ront Quebec, at Cork after being on shore firkin, 86s to 88s.
lish agriculture trade. At Bolton this worthy deli- No, 'twas that maddening sense which told he recommemls them to you, and so does Dr. Crotty, and and I need scarcely say that I wish you success. To prove near the Light-hous*e, tut got off with trifling: damage C.ANDLES-Patent mould, 9s ; plain mould, 6s ; dipt, 7s per doz.
to you, however, that I really have deeply at heart the sue- Hartlepoole, Rose. front Quebec, at Limerick, with loss of bul- FEATHERS-From the country per stone, 8s to 10s; white Ils
vered a lecture a few days ago, in which, as reported, That still as ages onwaid roll'd, so does Dr. Denvir. Here you have the church's decision warks, and .part of deck load, having experienced very heavy to 14s 6d ; mixed 7s to 9s.
cess of our speculation I' - d - • th b . -
, inten commencing e usiness sh, i
may be found some admissions of a very curious kind. Thy caute long quellal, the bigot's pen i . , .
n favour of this interpretation of the Scripture, for if they ze s
myself by insuring my daughter. She shall be the first to a • • GLUE-Per cwt. 60s to 655.
Ann a
Alone would paint thee unto Men, receive themselves, much less give to you, this sense of these ,londell, Roberts, hence for Demerara, at Be aumaris 2nd Gaass -Wine and porter quarts per gross 34s ; ditto pints 30s ; ,
Let the followina be taken as a specimen:- figure in-the list of yotin I cl. • d t b• • hto d i
g a les insure o o lain a us an . nstant
as With each dark tint that ready lie parts of Scripture different from the chuich's sense, these ditto half pints 225; imperial quarts 425; ditto pints 335. 2 per
Fill up the blanks of the printed form. Kyle, Fletcher, from Calcutta, at Gravesend cent. off for breakage.
• " The lecturer then gave a detail of the injurious effects of And fact-distorting haste supply, bishops plainly violate their solemn oath to their church. I
" Age ?" demanded the Director. Nereid, Atkips, from Odessa for this port, at Torbay Hines AND SKINS.-Salted hides per cwt. 30s to 31s ; ditto calf
the sugar and coffee monopolies, and argued that the destruc- Until thy once fair name should be Now mark, per contra. These same Scripture lessons, " Seventeen." Gazelle, Alford, from Hamburg for this port, nit the Wight skins 3d to 3W per lb. 2
Sion of the corn monopoly would bring the landowners into op- On earth a ruonstroes memory, translations, extracts, notes anti comments, are in Dr. a Name and surname?" Favourite, Roe, from Poole tor this port, at Portsmouth 5111. LRATHER-Per lh. British 11(1 to 16d; native light 10(1 to Ild; '
position to every other kind of monopoly." A hissng, a reproach, and last, Mac I-1 ale's judgment abominable and vile-exhibiting, as he a instant. with loss of jib-boom, &c. and sailed for Cowes
Euphemia Lebrun." ditto 421 b. to 451 b. per hide, 14(1 to Isd ; ditto 481 b. to 501 h. 15d '
' The landowners of England are, really, deeply in- Yon baby's bug-bear that has past. asserts, the " latest spirit of the Calvinist," and calculated to a Face ?" Chieftain, Anderson, from Danzic for this port, at Elsinore, with to 16d ; eau skirls 18d to 2•2 d per Ils. slitters ditto 14d to 151 d ; '
pumps choaked. and must discharge kips, Irish, 19d to •21(1; English 22d to 26d ; cordovan IBd to 20(1;
debted to the ingenious Mr. Poulton, and to his honest v. undermine the faith of yourselves and your children-here a Decid 11 - • tt • "
e( s pie s. Kilmarnock, Eeeleston, hence for Newcastle, at Bowmore, Isla
you have this decision against tbis interpretat ion of the Scrip- a - 3', bellies 9(1 to 10,1. Pra•es upwards.
Patents ?'''' leaky, and part of her cargo thrown overboard
patrons ! The aim--the avowed aim-of the anti- Yet haply higher feelinas came, ••• • . LEAD.-Pig per ton £l9 ; sheet £2l; pipe £23108 ; shot £24.
ture. If Dr. Mactiale (lid not reject It, thinking it, as be a Henry Alexander, Pyke, froin Barlette for this port, at Fal- Oita-Rape refined per cwt. 425; brown rape 40s; turpentine 1
corn levy faction is, not merely to rob and ruin land- Mingled with that "soul stifling shame," does, contrary to the sense of the church, he would plainly Music, drawing, dancing, horticulture." mouth, with part of her cargo (wheat) thrown overboard, and loss 73s to 80s ; linseed 3as to 353.
owners and farmers, but after having ruined them, to Far Pisgah' prospects of a time violate his solemn oath to the church. " Fortune ?" of bulwarks, &c. Itereseen-14s to 15s per cwt.
When, slowly brightening out of crime, " All I possess when I die, and 800,000 francs on the day Lockwoods, Sproule, from St. Jolsn, N.B. for this port, at Mil- SLATES-Queens •d 0 3 t • 1 1 '
convert their desperation into the instrument of ruin- Dr. Murray on kis oath to his church, sifts these books, ,tons, size ,5 s ; tons, ss; quer era. in engt IS; ,
A better raee of men would rise - , of her mai • "
mtge. ford, with loss of sails, quarter-boat, and 18 feet water in her hold oos • hale ditto ees; commons 12s: duchesses lsts £9 10s; 2ds
ing every other class, whose possessions or privileges Beneath freed England's bracing skies, examines, approves, sends them out under his seal to you a 'That will do, Monsieur." Melantho, Simpson, from Cuba for Cork, at Milford, with loss £7 103; countesses, Ists, £6 ; seconds, 90s • ladies, lets, 35s ;
and your children, as not contrary in ansthing to the sense a of foremast, bowsprit, &e.
may remain to be an object of desire to Mr. Paultun's Whose thouehful spirits still would pause, You may fix the rate yourself, and the age at whirls the ands, 40s, doubles, 30s ; and mosses 80s per th'ousand.
in which the church receives the criptures. s Wm. Waters, Roe, from Havana for London, was spoken 29th Seisr-Perton 48s to 5Gs.
paymasters. The landed " monopoly" is, in the first And, mournful, question of' thy cause ; Dr. Nlac Hale, on his oath to his church, denounces them ~,
indemnity shall be paid," said the father proudly as he ept. in lat. 30 3, lorsg. 81 3; with loss of bulwarks, and 7 feet water Peter-White per cwt. 38s to 40s Od ; yellow 20s to 25s Od.
place, to be pulled down, and then the ex-monopolists And love to trace some.spark in thee as pernicious tracts, and declares that a note in the very last a •
thought. of the charms of his only daughter. in her hold STARCH-40s per cwt.
Of that imMortal energy Ihere is every reason to hope thiit Mademoiselle Euphe- Starling, -, hence for • -
Quebec, was spoken in lat. 41, long. Truss-Flooring per dozen 4s to ss.
Of land are to be made useful, after the fashion in number goes to affect one of the sacraments of your church- •
mia will have no claim on us for the indemnity," said the 49
Which bade, of old, Hipparchus know TALLOW-Melted per cwt. 56s to 60s; bladdered lard 62s to 65s ;
which Mr. Poulton himself now aspires to be useful- For what a despot's myrtles blow- confirmation. young, partner, as he collected his papers and departed. It eeuelea is, Nov. 3.-The sElus, Sellis, hence for London, has rough ditto 40s to 425; fat per stone 4s Ga to Is 10d.
Now, since both these most reverend combatants have ~ _ _chkh been condemned as unseaworthy
useful, that is to say, in the way of depriving other Men who could plead:fur him who gave As he passed through the beautiful l •
p easuie groun ss s Tonacco-Roll per 11, 3s 4(1 to 4s.
sworn the same oath, and both conspire in unity f i
a, an posture NEW YORK, Oct. 20.-The Octorara, Degan, from Liverpool for Winslow, OLD-Imperial gallon, 6s 1-dtois Od ; new 6s 4d to
men of their utility, of their social value. All " mo- Life's glorious sunshine for the grave ;
. upon you, as to make you repeat in your creed the same surrounded the villa, in order to reacts his cabriolet, which ,
1 hiladelphia was on shore on Stoney Pima 14th instent but eot 661 I 1 13 t 361
8 E . is ion( s o s ( .
nopolies," in short, are destined to destruction-ex- And, pondering o'er that priceless cost thing they swear, namely, that you will only receive the Sa- he had directed to wait for him at the gate of the gark, he eta without' I rt rl' h. ' trli' ' fl
carnage it...er else...trivia; par. o. ..er cargo. _ae SmirnriELD HAY MARKET -Hay le 2d to 2s 5d per cwt. ;
Which, gain orgriere he might, he lost. perceived a young and lovely girl in the midst of the flowers, Nestor, Veitch, from' Dentelara for Charleston • ' ' • - '
, experienced front Straw Is 3d to Is ad per ditto.
eepting, wepresume, the " monopoly" on which Mr. •. • -es in 1a , - w • - •
cred Scriptu, . ta t snise Inch sour Holy Mother the on which she was lavishing her cares. Unaware that any 2sth to 39th ult. a succession of gales and hurricanes, from S.E.
His haples.s country's rights to win- SPiTALFTELDs. ep 2 con t4B t 5 H 4
-S t. 7.-Ba per cw . soss ; ams 5 a
Paulton's employers thrive! Would, by her slavery, weigh his sin. S. Church has held and does hold, I think your own plain com- to NW • •
erson was near. she ndS • . 1. 1 ' 1 ich Clnti . ~ in about lat 32, sprung a leak,
" singing a itt e air w i • lost all her masts, and to 563; cheeks, 38s to 49s Od ; cool butter 9d to 10(1; firkin 84s to
mon sense, which is always found most consonant to true re- was thrown on her beam ends, and abandoned by the crew, which eos ;
The brief sentence which we have quoted contains VDamourcau had made fashio •bl I • d th • flowers
nae, as sle tie up L ',laddered lard, 62s to 655.
• " Before the council he still displayed the same intaenid ligion, mieht lead you to ask yourselves the tollovving plain or w d h -I th t h d T 1
ate, e t em, AN iere e mat ad parche them up. le have arrived at Savannah POULTRY MARKET. COLR'S-LANE.-Fowl per pair 2s 6d to
an epitome of the whole policy of free trade-its ends, firmness, mixed even with scorn and disdain, refusing to questi„,, ,_ 33 6d ; Chickens, Is 8(1 to 2s Od ; ducks,2s 0(1 to 2s 6d.
young Director paused a moment to admire the slight but
and the means by which these have been already par- discover his accomplices, and shelving no concern but for the If the church can tell the people the sense of the scrip- well rounded figure, the glossing colour, and beautiful hair-of THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 8.-Wirol W.-Soutli. Eno MARKET-Wholesale. 5s 6d; retail, 5s 8,1 per 124.
flatly attained, and by which they bid fair, at no dis- '- ' E
failure of the enterprise.' I-ILM . tures, can she not tell it as well to Dr. Murtay and Dr. Mac the young ie son. " This, undoubtedly'," thought he, "is Pentreath, . frion
_ i r ARRIyED -North lir•t n f • Ni. • •' • C
t o , --, tom . iramiani- olumbuo ,
Poraxo MettEET.-Pinkeyee, 21 4d to 2s dd ; Cups, 2s Od to
1 Yet the historian, almost in a breath, ascribes to the Hale ? Quebec--Margaret, Mills, from Alexandria 2s 4(1 per cm t.
taut period, to be fully worked out. The policy of . . the daughter of M. Lebrun. I have commenced most for- Egypt-Ilebeeca
, , &ern Trieste-Eghlius, Duyts from Os-
d • • • t •tl th• •I • • t • t. •
, conspirator con uct very inconsisten wi ils (.. same ens ic If the church cannot tell our bishops the sense in which tunately. No danger of so fair a creature being obliged to tend-Penelope, Luckie, from Smyrna an-rt Millord-s: FISH-Turbot, per lb. Is to Is 4,1; crimped cod, :id to 7d; soles
America,
fr A ' h 1 1. 1• 1 d'
ee tra-e, in s-ort, is Lim po icy w nct ictates tne account. But how far any reliance is to be placed on ex- she holds the Scripture for themselves, how can she tell it to Barstow, front New York ; sailed 20th ult. • 11 dto Is 2,1 • lobsters. 2s to 4s 6d each; oysters, 4s Od to ss; fresh
, .. , demand her indemnity." He cast another glance at the lady
sacrifice of one class of producers after anotner, in tne pressions wrung forth by the gentle examination of the rack them for us? e -a__ herrings, 411.6 d to 5s 6d per hhd.
and proceeded towards the gate.
order, which may best suit the convenience of the idle and screw appeared to form no part of Hume's inquiry.l- If they cannot tell the church's sense of the Scriptures, A fortni,ht bad scarcely passed, when I\l. Lebrun returned Atlantic Seatle hence at Mirernichi COALS-Whitehaven, 19s • Carlisle, 17s; Harrington, 183; Scotch
consumers of society-anti which dictates, moreover, Cupid. why do they impose om us by pretending they can tell it to LiverpoLL(stea'mem left the'Cove for New York 6th i 2°' ;
to his house in the Chaus-ee d'Antin. It was his daughter 9 a.m. with aboutes passeng Sh h d -09
_ ers. , e a ( tons of uel
,_ f nstant, at Kilkenny 35s to 37rt pe'r ton.
the conversion of each of the ruined classes of pro- _.....- us ? who teased him into quitting, the country. He was astonished Olive, lilanchard, from Bay Chaleur for Neples. WaS abandoned - •
If they can tell the church's sense of the Scriptures, why AN ACCOUNT OF CATTLE,
ducers into the instrument subsequently of ruin to TRIAL OF ONE OF THE UN-HOLN.' BROTHER- that his dear Eupheinia should so suddenly abandon, in the et sea 20th ult. with 10 feet water in the hold, having been run
are they now fightiug in the public papers abuut it them- foul of by the North Star, from Liverpool for Imported into Liverpool, from the 31st Oct. to the 6th Nov.
midst of the summer season, her flewers , which she loved -so Philadelphia; crew
other classes. Such' has been the unfailing character HOOD OF ANTI-CHRIST FOR MURDER. selves? well. He naturally sought for some reasons for such a arrived at Kilrush FROM IRELAND.
of the effects which have, for twenty years, followed (From the Statesman and Dublin Record.) If these Scripture extracts and comments of the Board of , f N •
Shepherd, Owens, rom awry, at the Isle of Man, after being Cows. Sheep. Pie,s. Horses. Mules. Calves. Lambs,
h• • nd more than once said to himself, " Is it possi 1
L ange, a 1850 3133 5564 97 - 62 -
the march of whig political economy. The currency We give at length the trial of the friar, Mr. "Joseph Education are not according, to that sense which our ilol b e on shdre, hound to Lancaster
Y that she can by some chalice or other have formed an attach- Betsey, Widdecombe, from London fnr this port, at PI h P • 1'91187 149185 17e7:3 5154 236 352 28682
ymout ,• revious 3
• bill of 1819, for instance, was a bill framed for the ex- Jerome"-two very saintly prenomina-Carrick for 111 ther the Church has held and does hold how dare Dr.
, . o , • . . tricot for some person at Paris?" At last he could no longer cargo shifted, having been s'ruckby a heavy sea CoASTwi SE.
press purpose o p acing a
f 1 ' 11 the other classes of the the cruel and most horrib-le murder of a poor little his oath and send them out as eenuine for
Murray vielaie , 6 (10111)I that lie had conjectured rightly-for her gaiety was Sylph, Parry, from Jersey, at Yarmouth, f.w. with damage, and Cows. Sheep. Pigs. Horses. Calyes. Lainbs.
the education of our children ? fled-her music, drawing, flowers, were all neglected, ;And a loss 01 sails, bound to L'pool 23 447 263 18 10 -
community at the mercy of the moneyed class, and of d entrusted to his care for trans-
babe, of two years ol , . • If the are accordine to the sense of the church, how dare Mary, -e---, from the Clyde, at Maranham Previously
tear sometimes betrayed her secret. But who could have in-
the body of idle consumers. That bill deprived land- mission to a monaste y.
r • The case was tried at the Y
Dr. Mac Hale violate his oath and !eject therm and refuse the spired this passion ? What opport ' • Ellen, Gill, heuce and Madeira, at Demerara ---
owners of half their property, and ruined tens of City Commissi n,
••0 before the new Roman Catholic sense of the church to us and to our children ? units was there • for a Demerara Planter, . from Bristol, at Demerara
, valiant to press his suit ?He 'was determined to discover Cambridge, Bursley, and Shakspeare, Collins, hence off New PACKET BOATS.-FALMOUTH STATION
thousands of farmers -and of respectable tradesmen. Chief Baron, Mr. Woulfe, and Mr. Justice Moore; If either of them can know what is the sense of the church, the MyStery. "My dear Eupheinia " said he " you have York 21st Oct. GENERAL PoST-OFFIcE, Nov. 6.
That bill more than doubled the power of creditors and the court-house, we understand, was filled with how can either of them keep their oath, w s
hen they swear to • • '
heroine wonderfully serious. On what can your th-ouithts be 'fbomas Crisp, Bloom, and Alexander Robertson, Whitley,
over debtors-and crippled productive industry in all monks and friars, • ,
all doubiless, much concerned for receive it only in that sense ? always occupied ? What new sentitnent can have taken hence at Odessa . mails made Last Packets Next Packets
If they cannot agree on what the sense of the church is on Corsair - Ellen Highfield, -; Racer, , and DESTINATION. up en Sailed. Due.
its forms, as no single legislative measure, perhaps, the fate of "brother Joseph "in the dock The cace
,'. _,. ' ~. , ' ' their own oath. how can they tell it to us and our children, as '
messes:mon of your mind ? Speak to me frankly; You knove Eransa ' '. a
how dearly I love you; can you have seen some person who Eliza Sanders,
, lonc( at Coestantinople Loeuton.
- ever crippled productive industry before. was one of the most ievoiting anu execrable it nas they pretend we must receive it in the Creed ? has captivated your affections ?-Ifit is a proper match, you Constantinople • Bully,. hence at Syra, and cleared 13th Oct. for - --
Holland .. ...... Tues. Se Fri. -_
Mon. Ss Thurs.
fortune to read. Burke the infa-
The effects of the currency' act did not, moreover, ever been our mis , , _, Are on r poor children to receive one sense of the Scripture cannot doubt that I shall be only tooglad to unite. you to bim Fanny Palmer. Easter, hence at Syra ,
Hamburg & Swed. Tues. & Fri. Tues. & Satur.
terminate with the direct change which it wrought in 1 notorious Burke of Edinburall-used to under au
MOLIS-I.le . - , , . infallible euide in Connaught, and another sense I ••Il nder you happy "
• '' •1 • flat le euide in Leinste w"'"1 re - - ' Thomas & Elizabeth, Heard, sailed from Marteilles, 3ist Oct. Lisbon
and Antigorie. Gibson', Ist Nov both fer Liverp00l Madeira ...
the condition of the classes which gained by it. No : his vietims out of pain at once. He made his
put . . , of the acripture under anot ter In as . ,
and which of these can we believe to be the sense of the
r " Well, then, father, I acknowledge that Ido love " said -71 Mary Marsden, from Liverpool for Trieste' tll Oct. 29 Nov. 11.
the classes of producers who were crushed beneath the rrvell . order • but hid a -
hood IA in , ed• not prolong thee o-
,- church ? Eu hernia, with that timidity and hesitation which a' •o is IClTilet'erarßepin'''Nov. 5'
p y ung ses '"'siTlit'ai &and titreaeicte . 2 (15 h ' •• •
. n a irdae • Oca 29.
influence of that measure became, of necessity, instru. nies of his " subjects :" he put them out of the way 'l'his is a good interpretation, says the infallible organ, Dr. irl cannot free herself from, even when confessing the state - - ' -
ft. her affections to her own father. - . Egypt'and India .. 4th Saturday ....Oct. 19.
:Madeira
. .
silents for the destruction of other orders of producers. as speedily as possible." But the friar, "Joseph Je- Murray. "A nd who is be ?" said M. Lebrun.
17E0010 Entrret) for 41.0M:ring. Brazil Se B. Ayres. each month Oct. 5. Nov. 23. •
ome " insensible to the strongest appeal to the heart This is a false interpretation, says the infallible guide, Dr. .. America ...... ... Ist Wednes. Hope, Oct 6. Skylark,Nov.lo
Th• t•s his secret as much as mine " l'
Such, in like manner, have been the effects of free r , • , „„...d - a 1 . . a
~ , rep led the daughter (SINCE OUR LAST PUBLICATION.) r Jamai L'ward
trade, and of the unrestricted use of machinery on the the cry of helpless infancy, delighted in the acrof " rt• le. with great tranquillity. I cannot speak of it without his s Isl. it Hayti.. st (ay
1 I of Lord Melville Pigeon
condition of' the hand-loom weavers. That body of cruelty, and with nothing but murder in his intent, Send
~
your children to learn it, says Dr. Murray.
Don't send your children to learn it, says Dr. Mac Hale. consent, but I %%ill ask him when I see hitn to allow tne to _____.-ase____
. EAST INDIEq. CAPE OF GOOD HOPE, ,S•c, Laguira
, e 6.
producers-to the number of 800,000-has been sacri- troyed by a slow and lingerina and horrible fero-
d.es • ~.• Follow use and the board, says Dr. Murray. declare his name."
'This reserve only excited the curiosity of M. Lebrun.' Fie . . .
lerchant RBirnie, 500 Bombay
13ritish Is ,
„. . .
.. Mexico nd lla- s 15th day of E1.M.8 Penguin Swift,
Langtrys &Co vana... . .ses ch month. Oct. 17. Nov. 21. .
iced to the idle consumets of society ; and then, the ciousness. Well, after a good deal of thinking about Follow me and the church says Dr. Macliale. pressed his daughter more and more to name her buyers Frankland, .1 Webb -
.., 316 Calcutta, Bold Sz Starkey r Jarred. L' .......... 15th day of H.M.B. Pandora Magnet,
turfortnnate hand-loom weavers have been it the 'ors, have found him guilty of ageravated man-
used as • J . Now, what shall we do with our children ?-shall we send At last she said, "Give me only th d •
ree ays, and I will then *SEW SOUTH WALES. 2 Isl. & llayti. •
each month. Oct. 17. Dec. 10.
agents in depressing the condition of every other class - '''• • ' them to learn the sense of the ch •
slaughter. We are happy that justice has overtetten , ,
Lush or to learn what isnot conceal nothing from you." Formosa, G Toole, Carhtaeena ... i -
.335 Sydney, Brodie & Hamilton e • -
1 • 1 f • l t I 't ••11
the wretc lint ie way o Juccrmen -vve tope 1 %NI the sense of the church ? rile next day the young Director of the ne WEST INDIES AND MADEIRA.
of labourers. ur 'shops want us against the Bible, on the pretence that
0 1). • • w Insurance 310 liarbadoes, T Lee Ss Co '
PREMIUMS oF INSURANCE AT LLOYD'S.
So, again, the new poor law was framed, in order to not be arrested in the way of"punishment. We hope it is dangerous, foi that Protestants cannot agree in the sense • -
Cotnnany for Fromoting Marriage, eame to ' • '
pay a mit to his Josephine, J Scott,
Ada,- Guebow, 58 Trinidad, T& II 'Murray -- --
rob the7abourer of the fair value of his labour ;-and, Lord Normanhy will not be induced to display the le- of it, but that we are safe if we submit to the sense of the partner. "Oh! my dear fellow," aai
saw him, " you would uever guess-s"
d RI. Lebrun, when he . SOUTH AMERICA. LONDON & LIVEItPOOL, Outward. . Home. .
,
hat the de- nit of his aovernment in this instance-we -hope he church ; but here eur own two archbishops cannot agree on „ ,-, , ~ , (Sailing before 12th Jan.)
Thos. Bettersby, - Leitch, 323 Pernambuco, J Battersby &Co
then, the hope of the schemers has been, t y , . .. 1 . eeuess what ? . to .... ....
frauded labourer will assist them in defrauditag the .
will be firm for once in resisting tte temptation of po- I", • h befute the üblic as to whet is the sense of the
I lea /at S IE ' " That no; dauehter is aireadY inspired by the tender pas- ' "
i aviaia E Brown. 209 Rio Janeiro.
church, but brawl awl contradict each other in the public pa- • - ' - Ironside, W A Mitchell, 272 Rio Janeiro, Cotesworth &Sin
W& J Tyrer Jamaica
ith Leeward Isl. Deme. &Berbice 2O 0 - 0 0 40 0 - 0 0 '
pulavapplause in exchange for a rank abuse of the
._ mon."
landowner and the farmer. t • 11- • ~, • ' k•- • • 1. .
pets one ac usi y prlntin, a Faso as accor( in, to the sense a 0h,,, UNITED STATES. Honduras , 50 0-. 0 0 Itls 0 -147 0
• We think the com lete e ecution of •
The fruit-growers of Kent are, in conformity with royal clemency. . p x .ot the chtirCii; and another declaring that it subverts even a said the Director, "that must be the effect of the
Steiglitz, 3 Gibson, 400 Boston, Focke it Tioult Ness• York, Boston • - 0 0
insu "
ranee. Charleston, Savannah ...... - 0 0 20 0- 0 0
the same system, marked out for destruction ; and no the law particularly necessary in such a case as I
LDS ; sasrament of our religion. John Anderson, JII Miller 474 Charleston. WII Gilliat
" A wonderful effect it is at all events. Why, a month has Maas W Chalmers, ' 568 Mobile, Barin B 1 & C New Orleans - 0 0 50 0- 0 9
earet, g rot iers - o „ •
doubt, it is contemplated by Mr. Paulton's patrons, because we •
regard the murder as one clearly flowing My countrymen, my .
T.
..,
sensible'countrvmen-if this be not
. scarcely elapsed since the insurance took place. By Jove, Sir C Campbell J Robinson, 535 Mobile, Bold Ss,- Starkey "avana - 0 0
'lv ruined will join in out of the influence of Popery and therefore one P
that the fruit-growers, when fair . , _ . _ lain sense, tell me v, hat is ?1% ill any man pretend again , .
you ale fortunatel rr we have only anuthe e I ' • f Shakspeare, - Anderson, 657 New Orleans,
r .UC i place o W saJ Tyrer Cenada - 00 00- 00
. ' to talk of the chureh's sense of the Scriptures ?-Behold how fh C - • Mary, J Mortals, 344 New Orleans, G Brown British North America B4 0- 0 o 00- 0 0
the clamour against the continuance to wheat-growers which it is the more necessary to punish as a warning .4/ 1 fortune the fame o t e ompany will be iu every ner-
these men unite in depriving You ot' your Redeemer's Word e"`", h'o - • Caledonia, W Pitcher, 399 New Orleans, W Lockett Newfoundland ..00-00 40 0 - 0 0
of that protection which has been withdrawn from and terror to evil doe .
rs The individual J. J Car
, • - on the pretence of your receiving your church's sense of the ,
' son s mout . Sheridan, I' De Peyster, - . s,
109 a New Yorl- %V & J Brown &Co Brazils - 0. 0 25 0 - 0 0
• l'hey were conversing in this manner when Euphemia en- River Plate - 40 0 30 0 - 0 0
themselves. rick, might have concetved the thought of fraud, de- Scriptures, and then when their passions, their pride, their tered the room. She blushed on seeing the stranger. • EUROPE. East Indies 33 0- 40 0 35 0- 40 0
The landowners and farmers are also doomed; and ception, and murder ;' but, let it b •
e well observed, he prejudices, their politics or their ambition, lead them to al% I v daughter," said M. Lebrun to the youn • ". h t YQ " .
, g Wan. sir a Fair un J Welch 102 Alexandretta and Beirout, G Yati•s
' Company's Ships 45 0 - e 0 50 0 - 0 0
so confident are the anti-corn law schemers of the sue- could n . , .
ever have executed it upon the hapless. babe quarrel about the mode of enslaving you, neither prudence do you think of her ?" Frederick. S Gimes, 177 Algiers, Eshelby, Rowett &Co Batavia - 0 0
itiOus and dernna- Or
cess of this-the most important in their linked suc- Touche, if Popery, with its superst , .a.in
i . • . t aint on them, but they pro- .- - • • I . t t d• '
( ecency can impose any res r ' She is admirable; can Yen ure o pre ict she will not Creecent ft Theanas
1 t the falsehood . and itnposture of their system -in the • h ~ , . . , . . o Q
Firefly, NV Easter, . 146 Constantinople and Smyrna, Bahr &Co New South Wales
92 Charente, G Brown Cape of Good Ilope .. - 0 0 40 0 - 0 0
40 0 - 0 0 40 0 - 0 0
" pass another y ear wit out ---- Garena, W Hayden, .9. Genoa and Leghorn, Vianna &Jones Africa 3O 6- 0 0 126 0- 0 o
cession of plots against native industry-that they are ble influence, had not come to dis
I • aid. Let this be c
pages of the public newspapers. " Father," said the young girl, regarding by turns the two Adelaide, C Granbaa • 107 Gibraltar, WII Wood Gibraltar - e 0
already carving out the uses -
to which they mean to noted. This is the truth. This is the je
• t of the case
- • Now, lastly, us to private judgement, my dear infatuated speakers. " I promised to inform you of the person whom Dash, It Ihintress, • 86 Gibraltar, Cotesworth & Smith Limn, Valparaiso, &cs - 0 0
d. Di s
turn the whole band of farmers and landowners, after It was Popery that perpetrated the foul dee se countrym farce of what they call
en, see what a farce is the . . . . I love. This is he." Alert,,J Mould, a 78 Gibraltar, WII Wood Malta, Sicily, &c. - 0 0
they shall be ruined. any reader doubt this ? Then let hini turn to the evl7 public judeine ,
nt whensthey deny you-the right ot exercising
lin s the Bible. " Pet -,
"Good heavens is it possible," cried the astonished capi- i ' • • ' '
lebe, a V Thompson, 117 Leghorn, G Yates
121 Leghorn, Bahr, Behrend &Co atalatsa
Smyrna and Constantinople - 0 0 30 0 - U 0
20 0 - 0 0 20 0 - 0 0
talist. LynE, J Ecirsytti, ' ' '' 6a Lisbon, T Hampson Madeira - 0 0 20 0- 0 0
dence-lef ii o inutelv to the case How came
" The destruction of the corn monopoly will bring Imlo k m .. .. your understanding in rem ss . .
They say you shall not exercise Your private judgemen t a A
ssccording to our regulations," said, very gravely, the Mischief, J Jonts, 196 Lishon,
• the landlords into opposition to every other kind of t . .
he wretch by the child ? 'Mark • he was a " holy" .
, . in reading the Bible, but must submit to the judgment of the young Director, " I was bound to seek every means not to •Sherhrooke, 0 Bryen, aO5 I ashon, Vienna &.1 ones Western Isles, Cape de Verds O- 0 0 00- 0 0
J Logan Lisboa - 0 0 20 0 - 0 0
monopoly." man-he was "Joseph Jerome," of the "Balscathlin church-but see how that they confess the folly of their own "allow the specified time to pass without a A 0110 TLe Seeleur,
p . 85 Naples, J Moss Se Co cediz - 0 0 20 0 - 0 0
The repeal of the corn laws, in short, is (if the free Monastery." l'hat w ti
as ...ie way by which he found principle by calling on you to form your private juginent, " True, true. But Euphemia, how did you get acqtfainted alary,al Walker, 281 Smyrna, Cotesworth & Smith France - 0 0 20 0- 0 0
traders prophesy truly) to condemn the landowners of access to Mrs. '' Letitia Broncardi." Mrs. Bron Mot only on the Bible, but also on the •udement of the •
J 0 with Monsieur ?" - Holland - 0 0 30 0 - 0 0
England to do the dirty work, which is now done by cardi, a very sad dup , .
eof the system, no doubt, en- Church upon the Bible. " I saw him first in the country one day in going oust. He Enna orto. Hamburg, Bremen, &c. - I I,
Gottenlmrg, Stockholm . 0 0- • 0 0 40 o - 0 0
Dr. Murray appeals to your judgment that he gives the used to come afterwards every day. He lielpett me to mini- Petersburg, Riga. &c. - 0 0 84 0 -147 0
men of 'the stamp of NIT. Paulton. trusted the infant with nzne pounds, to this villian, of . , .
, rignt judgment of the church. vale my flowers. We walked out in the park, and, at last, • -ea.-- ' Oporto 25 0- 0 0 20 0- 0 0
whom she knew nothing, but that lie was one of tile Dr. Mac Hale appeals to Your private judgment that Mr. as I found his visits too short, I thought by coining to Paris i
IFRICA. _-
---omo.--
" professed." Thus Popery blinded her eyes, and de- Murray does not give the right judement of the church, and
I should see him more frequently, and for a longer time." Eliza (343) N Purdye, from Sierra Leone, 447 logs timber, 50
THE GUY FAUX GOVERNMENT. luded her into mistaking a ruthless murderer for a holy thus your immortal souls anti the souls of your children are "In showing my zeal for the interest of the Society," con- -B D
575 tirls ine
lig g aer, FII Langley-I box insects, R Marshall and co PORT OF IsIVERPOOL.
(From the Times.) ful bandied about from bishop to bishop, falsehood to falsehood, tinued the young- speculator, " I considered -"
-a really holy man ! What a complete and dread UNITED STATES. Number of vessels, with their amount of tonnage. entered inwards
All the ministerial prints take credit for the fact . imposture to imposture-and if they can keep you in igno- a c ome, my young firieed," said the still surprised fiither, coichester, (562) J Withers, from New York, 205 Ids cotton,
1 1 fA •I'l
misconception of an un io y agent o ntic iris -a 80l- at the Custom-house, from the 25th Sept. to the 24th Oct, 1838,
that their masters have refused to allow a gun to be • ranee and slaver •it is all that their hearts desire. " you are a clever fellow. Stunned as I have been, I must ton; Ogden and co-76 do, Ewell, Myers and co-35 do. Baring asa,..-
Poptsh friar. T 1 P .. )d tl • f t t • " 3.'
ius opery consigne ie in an o I leave it to your common sepse, my countrymen, whether
fired on the sth of November, or any other official • acknowledge that the matter has something amusing in it." Bros and co-80 do, It L Dawson and co--24 pkgs eonts unkn, British. Foreign. Total,
his care. Now mark how the end was achieved. The the boasted unity-the speaking judge-the church's inter- a I protest to you, I consider that I faithfully performed Knowles and Richards-2 brls do, E W Jackson and co-1 case do Vessels. Tons. Vessels. Tons. Vessels. Tons.
notice to be taken of the anniversary of Gunpowder „ .
~ vt of pretation-the denunciatiou of private judgment are not • T& W Coneagh-la casks 4 eases 7 bales contents unknown, Africa
napless 'want was not taken to the holy con en my duty."
PlOt. We are not surprised at this. There is no vil- proved by these men to be the greatest system ot imposture a. No use in talking of order-2 ceses dears I Kearsley and Son-2 do order-2 chssts
it now. You already have th ' '' ' • '. 80 t 1 s •
British America.... 36 17087 0 0 38 17087
Balscaddin. Whether there be such a place zn rel'ill7l h e do, Molyneux, Witherby and co-1867 brls turpentine, ons 06- Belgium
bay too disgraceful for the present ministers to sym- • • • tat ever was put upon a people. 800,000 francs fortune." wood, Bolton. Ogden and co-6 casks cocoa, J Van Zeiler and co- Denmark
pathise with if it be only in the Popis
• h interest: and natura or not is immateria ; ie cii was a e
1 but tl 1 'ld • tk n Oh, my countrymen, when will you be wise? 'When will a Quite coirect," said the young man, taking Euphemia 6 cases h • FJ• 114 16 casks annatto. W Watford-
ma ognne veers, aq . - East I ndies 8 27Na 0 0 8 275 a
to the friar's lodeing in John's-lane, and not to Bals- You think like rational beings ? When will you emancipate
it was to be expected that the memory of so great a by the hand with the air of a martyr to his duty. " This is a 25 tons Lima wood, 3 casks bees' wax Tennants, Clow and co-46 France ...
• Gy F u uld be held in reverence
Destruct:ye as uax wo , ' dtl li "I li Jose
caddin or elsewhere ;an ien t e to
.4. h" • rselves and your children from thraldom and im aisture - i"o• We shell 1" uch st f
P You ~, , ~, , I glorious ieglnnin„. < . lave s • cu.. om roll). this bales goats' wool, A Gartside-7 brls isinglass. Tlt immer,jun-9 (sa„„any
tons logwood, 1' and W Connagh-19 water casks returned, 1 iron Holland
2 la 3
431 7
5 925
671 8
i 059
7 1- 92
• • commen
not insulted, by the whigs. who are as mischievously •
ced his system of a slow death upon it. Nosy such as this . arn .- affair! We must absolutely gain millions!" camboose returned, Fitzhugh and Grimshaw-1390 dry hides, 10 Isle of Man
W 1 'f• 1 i 1- " Hereditary Bondsmen. know yet not,
- look at the evidence. e say t iati tle same i run ,en .. casks rocoa, 100 qr casks Port wine, order-K D .1 e-sPy 3 '268 1 146 4 414
• inclined, though not so venturesome, as their great Who would be free, themselves must strike the blow !" BRITISH AMERICA.
• and stupid delusion had not infatuated the mind of Mediterranean
leader of Gunpowder Plot celebrity.. Besides, in this bec 69 ces elm s
May God Almighty-the God of Truth and of Salvation, A young man, named Calmel, student of law at Caen, who Wm. Sharpies, (7941 J M'Clelland, fr-i Que.,_ ..
,I)., . 1 ortugal
others, the "holy Joseph's" process would have been
the ministers had another opportunity of insulting the , enlit, d some time • •
' shten and deliver you, is the the sincere 'stayer, my dear was engage aeo in a. duel, in which he had the 20 pees esh and GBI pees pine timber. 63., deals, 85-0 stay( si2 cords i'russia
Church, of which their royal mistress is
- • the head, and interrupted by ti e °lice-officer lon ere his
i visit of a p g
Roman Catholic countrymen, of your faithful and devoted misfortun lathwood, 1 brl flour, 4 boxes plants, 2 coses oil paintings, 1 case
eto kill his adversary, fell into a state of profound D Russia.
urpose could have been accomplished. We have one t. •-I A melancholy soon after the event, and gradually declined in a piano forte r .
eturned no consignee-1Z Sweden & Norway. 0 0 3 681 3 681
Of which they profess themselves to be members. Our P • nen a
o n. servant, Dalhousie Castle, (474) W . uirae , rom , .
at •• - f n alirimichi, 8579 deals, s •
pain 16 1110 0 0 16 1116
...A.r. will recollect that there is in our liturgy " A witness at least (Anne Murphy) who acknowledges to .... R. J. M`GBEE. health from day to day, until towards the end of last week 562 deals, 3 kes cranberries. Anderson, Garrow and.co-8 spars, 24 South America . 2-3 5927 0 0 23 5921
. i.,...- Isaeed earl try-inwn what was going on in the friar's October 26, 1838. he expired, his body having been completely worn out by the oars II Barton and co-B D United States
en anish and remorse of his mind. John, (535) (4 liese_lton,. fr,oritte(c,ch,,
412 s ine thnher
P P . 260 West Indies
' Inner and on-TA 1-1 '

TRIAL OF ONE OF THE UN-HOLY BROTHER-
HOOD OF ANTI-CHRIST FOR MURDER.
( From the Statesman and Dublin Record.)
We give at length the trial of the friar, Mr. "Joseph
Jerome"—two very saintly prenomina—Carrick, for
the cruel and most horrible murder of a poor little
babe, of two years old, entrusted to his care for trans
mission to a monastery. The case was tried at the
City Commission, before the new Roman Catholic
Chief Baron, Mr. Woulfe, and Mr. Justice Moore;
and the court-house, we understand, was filled with
monks and friars, all, doubtless, much concerned for
the fate of "brother Joseph," in the dock. The case
was one of the most t evohing and execrable it has
ever been our misfortune to read. Burke, the infa-
mous—the notorious Burke of Edinburgh—used to
put his victims out of pain at once. He made his
livelihood by murder; but he did not prolong the ago-
nies of his " subjects :" he put them out of the way
as speedily as possible." But the friar, "Joseph Je-
rome," insensible to the strongest appeal to the heart,
the cry of helpless infancy, delighted in the act of
cruelty, and with nothing but murder in his intent,
destroyed by a slow, and lingering, and horrible fero-
ciousness. Well, after a good deal of thinking about
it, the jury have found him guilty of aggravated man-
slaughter. We are happy that justice has overtalten
the wretch in the way of judgment—we hope it will
not be arrested in the way of punishment. We hope
Lord Normanhy will not be induced to display the le-
nity of his government in this instance—we hope he
will be firm for once in resisting the temptation of po-
pular applause in exchange for a rank abuse of the
royal clemency. We think the complete execution of
the law particularly necessary in such a case as this;
because we regard the murder as one clearly flowing
out of the influence of Popery, and therefore one
which it is the more necessary to punish as a warning
and terror to evil doers. The individual, J. J. Car-
rick, might have conceived the thought of fraud, de-
ception, and murder;' but, let it be well observed, he
could never have executed it upon the hapless . babe
Touche, if Popery, with its superstitious and damna-
ble influence, had not come to his aid. Let this be
noted. This is the truth. This is the jet of the case.
It was Popery that perpetrated the foul deed. Does
any reader doubt this ? Then let him turn to the evi-
dence—lef him look minutely to the case. How came
the wretch by the 'child ? Mark ; he was a " holy"
man—he was "Joseph Jerome," of the "Balscaddin
Monastery." That was the way by which he found
access to Mrs. "Letitia Broncardi." Mrs. Bron•
cardi, a very sad dupe of the system, no doubt, en-
trusted the infant with nine pounds, to this villian, of
whom she knew nothing, but that he was one of the
"professed." Thus Popery blinded her eyes, and de-
luded her into mistaking a ruthless murderer for a holy
—a really holy man ! What a complete and dreadful
misconception of an unholy agent of Antichrist—a
Popish friar. Thus Popery consigned the infant to
his care. Now mark how the end was achieved. The
hapless infant was not taken to the holy convent of
Balscaddin. Whether there be such a place in rerum
natura or not is immaterial ; but the child was taken
to the friar's lodging in John's-lane, and not to Bals-
caddin or elsewhere ; and then the " holy Joseph"
commenced his system of a slow death upon It. Now
look at the evidence. We say that if the same drunken
and stupid delusion had not infatuated the mind of
others, the "holy Joseph's" process would have been
interrupted by the visit of a police-officer long ere his
purpose could have been accomplished. We have one
witness at least (Anne Murphy) who acknowledges to
have beard and known what was going on in the friar's
room—and there must have been others, though they
were not called upon. Now why did net these people
interfere ? Why did they not call in a policeman, -or
give information at a police-office, when they heard,
as they must have heard, the child's screams ? Let
Anne Murphy speak for them—we venture to say, her
answer will do for them all—" I thought he was a
HOLY man, and used to converse with him about reli-
gion." There is the solution of the difficulty—and
so thinking—so deluded—they suffered this unholy
agent of Satan—the villanous monk of Balscaddin to
do his horrible work ! It was just like the conduct of
the people at Killinick in the county of Wexford, when
Priest Carroll killed the child before their eyes—even
before the very parents—telling them that he was only
driving the .devil out of it, Popish delusion dom.

THE GUY FAUX GOVERNMENT.
( From the Times.)
All the ministerial prints take credit for the fact
that their masters have refused to allow a gun to be
fired on the sth of November, or any other official
notice to he taken of the anniversary of Gunpowder
Plot. We are not surprised at this. There is no vil-
lany too disgraceful for the present ministers to sym-
pathise with if it be only in the Popish interest : and
it was to he expected that the memory of so great a
Destructive as Guy Faux would be held in reverence,
not insulted, by the whigs, who are as mischievously
inclined, though not so venturesome, as their great
leader of Gunpowder Plot celebrity. Besides, in this
the ministers had another opportunity of insulting the
Church, of which their royal mistress is the head, and
of which they profess themselves to be members. Our
readers will recollect that there is in our lituy " A
FORM OF PRAYER WITH THANKSGIVING, tore
b used
yearly upon the sth
Jay
es 1. and th of Novembeer,three for the happy
deliverance of King am
England from the most traitorous and bloody-intended
massacre by gunpowder." Further, the ministers had
an opportunity of violating the law—which they always
lave to do—especially in favour of the Popish interest.
'he rubric accompanying the " form of prayer," gm,
for the sth of November, directs that " the minister of
every parish shall give warning to his parishioners
.pabllcly in the church at morning prayer, the Sunday
before, for the due observation of the said day ; and
*Rey morning. prayer or preaching upon the said sth
'cht of November, shall read publicly, distinctly, and
'ray, the act of rarliameut, made in the 3d year of
-1:a es E4d. obserz;ation. _ Lastly, the
lii.iatiirs bad an owortunity of ',bowing their newly-

EXTRAORDINARY ESCAPE.—A most extraordinary escape
from almost certain death occurred on the Great Western
railway last week. As one of the watchmen was engaged in
attending to the switches, a portion of the rails which are
used for the purpose of shifting the trains and engines from
one line to another, the last train from Maidenhead, consist-
ing of the Bacchus engine with its tender and six carriages
heavily laden, came up; and before he was aware of their
near approach, they were within a few yards of him. Know-
ing that an attempt to escape on either side would, if unsuc-
cessful in clearing the wheels of the train, be attended with
certain destruction, the man threw himself down between the
two lines of rails, where he lay until the whole train had
passed over his body, escaping from his perilous position
without the least injury, save a slight scorching from the
of hied coke which was emitted from the furnace of the
engine.

A young man, named Calmel, student of law at Caen, who
was engaged some time ago in a duel, in which he bad the
misfortune to kill his adversary, fell into a state of profound
melancholy soon after the event, and gradually declined in
health from day to day, until towards the end of last week
he expired, his body having been completely worn out by the
anguish and remorse of his mind.
RADICAL LIBERALITY.-014 of the radical candidates re-
jected in the Bristol ward at the late municipal election, and
who has ever been the loudest in exclaiming against exclu-
sive dealing and the bitterness of party strife, has, in com-
mon with ottier members of the radical party, been attempt-
ing by every means to injure those who, from being of con-
trary political opinions, did not support the radicals at the
late election. The individual now alluded to has been in the
habit of bonding sugars, rum, &c., in the warehouse of aeon-
servative, who did not vote in his favour. On the arrival of
a vessel at this port a few days since, a large quantity of
rums consigned to the disappointed aspirant to . civic
honours, was instantly ordered to be bonded in the ware-
house of a radical; but when the samples were exhibited at
the broker's for sale, the b-hole was purchased by an emi-
nent merchant, and ordered to be bonded in the ware-
house of the very'person whom the radical merchant had de-
clared should net house theta.

Colchester, (562) J Withers, from New York, 205 his cotton, Bol-
ton; Ogden and co--76 do, Ewart, Myers and co-35 do. Baring
Bros and co-80 do, It L Dawson and co--24 pkgs conts unkn,
Knowles and Richards-2 brls do, E W Jackson and co-1 case do
T W Connagh-15 casks 4 eases 7 bales contents unknown,
order-2 cases cigars, J Kearsley and Son-2 do, order-2 chtsts
do, Molyneux, Witherby and co-1867 brls turpentine, 80 tons log-
wood, Bolton. Ogden and co-6 casks cocoa, J Van Zeller and co-
-6 cases mahogany veers, F Jaqns-16 casks annatto. W Watford-
-25 tons Lima wood, 3 casks bees' wax Tennants, Clow and co-46
hales goats' wool, A Gartside-7 buts isinglass. T It immer, jun-9
tons logwood, 1' and W Connagh-19 water casks returned, 1 iron
camboose returned, Fitzhugh and Grimshaw-1390 dry hides, 10
casks rocoa, 100 qr casks Port wine, order—K D
BRITISH AMERICA.
Wm. Sharpies, (7911 J M'Clelland, from Quebec, 69 pees elm,
20 pees ash and 681 pees pine timber. 639 deals, 8520 staves 12 cords
lathwood, 1 brl flour, 4 boxes plants, 2 cases oil paintings, 1 case
a piano forte returned, no consignee—ll D
Dalhousie Castle, (474) W Murray, from Miramichi, 8579 deals,
562 deals, 3 kus cranberries. Anderson, Garrow and:co-8 spars, 24
oars. H Barton and co—B D
John, (535) G lieselton, from Quebec, 412 ps pine timber, 260
deals, 10300 staves, 7# cords lathwood. C Chaloner and co—B D
EUROPE.
Marmora, (135) T Barnes, jun. from Constantinople, abt 900 qrs
wheat, Breed and Feeleston—S D
Nruvian, 368) A Muir,
fromf St Pete brsurg, w h
it 7 bdis hemp, J
Butcher and Son-40 do, cksn-4 lAN hf bills do order—
i 2 bibs do, 1200 ps lathwood, Carrie and Telo-45 deal ends, Expn
—ll bls wool, 161 e 22 deals, Falk and Griffin-12 Wits hemp, 300
cks tallow. 1 box cants unkn, II and J H ornby and co—Q D
James, (118) T Muir. from Leghorn, loose abt 775 qrs wheat, 1
box samples do, Sandars and Claxton—K D
Gipsei', '109) W Shotton, from Bourdeaux, 3 cases wine, order—
' 2 do, W M`Callum-1 hlui do, .1 B T,awson-9 cases 1 hhd do,
Townley and Atkinson—I case brandy, 'l' Lee and co-3 baskets
do, 1 bhd brandy, Campbell and Budd-1 case do, 2,0 }iris prunes,
575 qr boxes 82 cases prunes, M' Andrew, Pitcher and co-200 brls
100 qr boxes 30 cases prunes, D Parry-10 cases prunes,J Woodville
—4 qr boxes do, Campbell and Rudd-6 casks a nnatto, W Maxwell
and co-4 cash verdigris, 226 hales sheeps' wool, order-2 eases
cheese, J Woodville.-14 bales almonds. M'Andrews, filcher and
co-1 brl apples, CamplSell. aid Rudd—n Vasliets CheSnuts,'G Ba-
I D

Number of vessels, with their amount of tonnage. entered inwards
at the Custom-house, from the 25th Sept. to the 24th Oct, 1838,
Dix.:—

British. Foreign. Total,
Vessels. Tons. Vessels. Tons. Vessels. Tons.
Africa
British America.... 36 17087 0 0 34 17087
Belgium - 166 9 1415 10 1611
Denmark
East Indies 8 2755 0 0 8 2753
France ...
Germany
Holland
Isle of Man
Je-set' 3 268 1 146 4 414
Mediterranean
Portugal
Prussia
Russia.
Sweden & Norway. 0 0 3 681 3 681
Spain
South America 2d 5997 0 0 23 5997
United States
West Indies
Ireland.
Coastwise

- -
1,28 135931 68 16828 1096 152759

Vessels and tonnag,? entered the port of Liverpool for the months
ending 24th Oct. 1837 and 1838.
1838—Liverpool 1096 vessels, 15'2759 tons.
Runcorn ll B.. 6099 ..

1214 vessels, lr:8858 tons,

1837—Liverpool .. 1145 vessels, 171187 tons,
Runcorn

1297 vessels, 178231 tons.

Decrease, Liverpool 49 14428 tons.
Runcorn 3l vessels 945
Deefease ...... 83 seessela 13373 tons.

-~,..z.
