SOUTH AMERICAN PAPERS.

- - -
BOGOTA, July 3, 1835.—Everything is going on now very
quietly in this country. The last congress has been assiduously
employed in promoting the reforms, of which there is so greit
necessity in New Grenada, as in the rest of the South American
republics. Among the laws passed by the last legislature which
deserve particular attention, are the abolition of the tax called
Alcabala—the free stipulation of interest in lending money—the
appropriation of funds to the payment of a part of the public
debt—the granting of bounties to the exportation of some na-
tional productions—the allotment of land for the erection of
cemeteries for deceased protestants—the obligation imposed on
those who aspire to the priesthood, of obtaining previously an
university degree. The same congress, by decree of the 27th of
tlay last, granted a privilege to the Baron of Thierry, for open-
ing a canal across the isthmus of Panama, and., by_uother of
the 25th of the same month they declare free to the commerce
of all nations the districts of Portobello, in the Atlantic, and
Panama, in the Pacific. The concessions granted in these de-
crees are as liberal as could be desired, and they are a proof of
the straightforwardness and decision with which the welfare of
the country is sought here. This conduct is in perfect contrast
with the jealousy of the Spanish government, which of yore for-
bade under the pain of death even to speak about this matter.
Communications of a pacific character have been received here
from the government of the Equator. A national convention
must meet in Ambato (a city at some distance from Quito))
whose principal object is to place the public administration in
the constitutional course, away from which the past troubles
have driven it.

Pcntsxsaßuco, July 17, 1835.—This place has been thrown
into considerable excitement in consequence of the assassination
of two persons in the "Tribunal dc‘ Jury," while it was iu ses-
sion trying an important case, and filled with people ; some
•rutlian scoundrel discharged a pistol with the intention of killing
the counsel of one of the parties, the ball of which killed almost
instantly two innocent persons. This affair happened at about
nine o'clock at night, while the Tribunal was crowded with peo-
ple, and as you will readily conceive, the confusion was, not
inconsiderable, many jumped from the windows, which resulted
in broken limbs, &c.

A Puttsutr.—No human being, however exalted his rank
and fortune, however enlarged and cultivated his understanding,
can long be happy without a pursuit. Life is a ladder on which
we clime from hope to hope, and, by expectation, strive to
ascend to enjoyments; but he who fancies he has reached his
highest hope, is miserable indeed, or who enjoys the utmost of
his wishes; for many who have been most successful in their
respective undertakings, have given the gloomiest description
of the emptiness of human pleasures. The pursuit alone can
yield true happiness; and they most trifling object that has
power to fascinate the hopes of man is worthy his attention.
The bliss we covet seems, at distant view,
To all superior, but when once possessed,
It cloys—we spurn it—and another call.

A FLARS-CP AMONGST Till& UNSTADIPED DEVlLS.—Messrs.
flume and Roebuck will be astonished to hear that whilst they
were flaring-up in England about the uristamped press, and
lauding the American tablecloths of advertisements, a real flare-
up took place in New York, by which no less than twenty news-
paper establishments, with a quantum stuff of devils, were fairly
burnt out—we might say should out. This was getting the red
mark with a vengeance, and makes the American press still
lower than the much columniated press of England, for it ex-
tinguishes it at once. New York will have rest for a short
time.

THE NEW BA ILEY,—On Thursday, Mr. O'Connell being in
town, there were only sir prisoners brought up for examination.
The pickpockets would no doubt be emiloyed in doing honour
to the beggarman.

ASSIZE INTE LLIGEZ7CE

GLASGOW ASSIZES

TRIAL FOR MURDER.—On Wednesday last George Campbell
was-con victed of the murder of Mary Watters, by'llocking her
down with his fists, and afterwards kicking and trampling ou
her body. The prisoner cohabited with a daughter of the de-
ceased. The outrage appears to have been caused by the hand
of savage madness which the use of ardentspirits produces upon
some minds. While-the judge, Lord Meadowbank, was passing
the sentence of death upon the prisoner, he frequently interrupt-
ed- him by execrations of the most horrid and appalling character.
The sentence was ordered to be executed on the 29th instant.

EXPLOSION OF THE EARL GREY STEAMER.-Hugh David-
son, engineer, was charged With culpable homicide, in so far as,
ou the ;64th of July, 1835, the steamboat Earl Grey, of which the
said Hugh Davidson was then engineer, -being on her passage
from Cowal, in Argyleshire, to Glasgow ; and having stopped at
Greenock, and been made fast to the quay of Greenock, and
having remained there for a quarter of an hour, during which
the steam was rapidly generating in the boiler; and it being a
usual and necessary precaution for the safo management of a
steam engine, and the duty of the engineer, to take off the pres-
sure from the safety valve while the vessel is stopped on her
voyage ; the said Hugh Davidson did, during the whole or
greater part of the time that the Earl Grey steam-vessel re-
mained at the quay of Greenock, culpably and recklessly neglect
to take off the pressure from the safety valve, or allow the steatn
to escape iu any safe and proper manner, in consequence of
which neglect the boiler of the said vessel was caused to burst
with a violent explosion, and several of the crew and passengers
on board of the said vessel, and others of the lieges, were there-
by bereaved of life. The prisoner pleaded not guilty.
Neill WMillan and William Siminonds were examined as to
the consequences_ of the explosion. .

• Mr. King, of Port Glasgow, was on board the Earl Grey,
along with .Mrs. King, at the time of the accident—remained
sitting ou deck when the vessel touched at Greenock—was at. a
distance of four or five yards from the funnel, at the break of
the quarter deck—heard no steam escape, and was satisfied that
he must have hetird it it' it had—was thrown into the water along
with Mrs. King, whose life he saved—previous to the explosion
heard a ragged sound underneath, resembling tropical thunder.
William Brown, mason, Greenock, was going down to the
quay before the explosion--remarked that no steam was escap-
ing by the waste-pipe about, five minutes before the explosion—
remarked this at the time—saw the boat coming into the quay—
could not speak to all the time she lay, but positively saw no
escape of steam for five minutes prior to the explosion.
Cross-examined.—Heard the bell ring for the vessel to sail,
about five or six minutes before the explosion.
David Smith, engineer, in the employment of Mr. Napier,
the proprietor and builder of the Earl Grey—the boat was built
ebour three years before the explosion—the engine and ma-
chinery were prepared in Mr. Napier's work—the engine was a
ciiininou double engine, not a condensing engine-4 new boiler
had been put in about six or seven weeks before the explosion,
the work of which was superintended by Mr. Mansell—the
safety-valve was upon the common construction—it was governed
by a lever, which is not so common as putting perpendicular
weight upon it—the lever communicated with the engineer's
room, which gave the engineer full control over it to shut or
open it—the engine, to the best of witness's belief (and he paid
particular attention to it,) was well constructed, and the boiler
was of the usual strength, and well made—the boiler had no in-
ternal stays' horizontally and perpendicularly—they were in the
habit of making such engines.
Mr. Jardine, civil engineer, Edinburgh, has his attention fre-
quently directed to the power of steam-engines and boilers—
aware that on a steam vessel stopping the steam should be
allowed to escape—thought an attentive engineer should see
that the steam be allowed' to escape—he ought to be aware from
the noise caused by the escape of the steam whether it is escap-
ing sufficiently—in a case of pressure the readiest way of relief
is a stroke backwards or forwards, but there are many other
means. The witness expressed a number of other opinions, the
results of his experience as an engineer.
The declaration of the prisoner was read stating that he had
been for five years an engineer in a Belfast vessel—that on the
occasion libelled he had raised the lever, and allowed the steam
,to escape, to the same extent as usual—that he had seen a much ,
greater pressure on the boiler at ferries and elsewhere than
while the vessel was lying at the quay—that he had received no
instructions as to the time when the vessel should arrive in
Glasgow, or as to the regulation of the speed—that nothing had
occurred to injure the valve—and finally, that it was his con-
scientious opinion that the explosion had arisen from the insuf-
ficiency of the boiler.
Exculpatory Proof.—Peter Sinclair, under-steward of the Earl
Grey at the time of the explosion—while at the quay, observed
the lever rising in the usual way—did not observe the steam
escaping, but heard one sailor say to another that he could, not
hear what he was saying for the noise of the steam—saw the
lever rise immediately ou the arrival of the vessel—the noise

was very great. -
James Davidson, a fireman of the Earl Grey at the time of the
explosion—it was the practice for one of the firemen to be beside
the engineer, to assist in backing the engine—was beside Da-
vidson going into Greenock on that occasion—heard the engineer
call to John M'Lachlan, the other fireman, to open the doors of
the furnaces, for the purpose of slowing the fires—at the same
time he saw the engineer raise the lever—went on deck on the
arrival of the vessel—observed that the steam was blowing off at

the time.
Peter Hedderwick, shipbuilder in Greenock, was on the quay
when the explosion occurred—waited till he heard two of the
three bells rung for the vessel's departure—waited probably for
about fifteen minutes—noticed steam blbwing off from the waste-
pipe—both heard and saw it distinctly, but could not say how
long it lasted—it made a great noise, and seemed to blow
strongly.
By the public prosecutor.—Had left about three minutes be-
fore the explosion—was precise as to the tinie, as he returned
to the quay again, and had walked over the distance since—
could nut speak as to the escape of the steam from that time, but
it was his impression that it had continued in his absence, as it
did all the time he stood on the quay.
John Turner, captain of the Clarence, knows the prisoner,
who sailed with him about a twelvemonth—thought him U. care-
ful engineer, and was satisfied with the manner in which he
conducted hirneolf—did not observe, the Earl Grey at the time
of the explosion.
Daniel White, quay policeman at Greenock, bad a conversa-
tion with the captain of the Earl Grey a few minutes before the
explosion, regarding the difference between the quay.and town
clucks—witness told the captain that he ought to wait for two
minutes and a half longer than he intended, incase some indi-
viduals might be disappointed.
This closed the evidence. The jury were then shortly ad-
dressed by the advocate-depute. Mr. J. M. Bell followed in a
a very excellent defence for the prttioner, which was highly com-
plimented by Lord Gillies. His lordship briefly summed up,
calling upon the jury to give the prisoner the benefit of whatever
doubts might rest upon their minds after hearing the evidence.
The jury now retired, and after being some time in delibera-
tion, returned a verdict, finding, by a considerable majority of
their number, the prisoner " not guiltT." Lord Gillies remarked
that he entirely concurred in the verdict, and after congratulat-
ing the pannel ou his acquittal, and expressing a hope that he
would continue to perform his duties with caution, dismissed him
from the bar.

APPREHENSION OF THE CORK VITRIOL
THROWERS.

The Cork constitution of Thursday last announces that on the
previous day the police of that city nad succeeded in capturing
four men concerned in the savage and villainous transaction of
which one of our late numbers contained an account.
We take the following extract from the Constitution of Satur-

day :
We have great satisfaction in announcing the apprehension
by Mr. Sheriff Foote, Mr. Mathis, and the Bridewell Guard,
of six other persons, believed to have been connected with the
recent cases of vitriol throwing. There are ten of these fellows
now in custody, and we hope that such of them as shall be
proved to have been concerned in these inhuman and atro-
cious attempts on the persons of unoffending and respectable
citizens, will be so dealt with as to deter their unprincipled
partners in crime from perseverance in their dangerous and
desperate career.
An effort was made by some of those friends of the unfortu-
nate, the gentry of The Chamber, to procure a mitigation of
the sentence of transportation for life, passed at the Spring As-
sizes for a similar offence, on M`Carthy, who is now in the
hulk at Cove, but we are happy to say it was made without
success. The application, we believe, was througla Mr. D.
Callaghan, but the lord-lieutenant's secretary replied that his
excellency, having inquired into the circumstances of the case,
saw no grounds for interfering with the sentence. This reply
was given previous to the late cases having been reported to
government.
With respect to this M'Carthy, it is not a little singular that,
though the trial of this man took place as far back as the Spring
Assizes—though his guilt was most clearly and incontroverti-
bly established; and though every other convict similarly sen-
tenced has long since been sent out of the country, he is still
nprmitted to remain. And why is this? Can it be because that
the offence of which he was convicted was committed on the
person of an individual who, at the election just their passed,
had voted for the conservative candidates? We hope that no
such consideration as this is permitted to interfere with the
awards of justice.
Mr. Herrick, the attack on whom we mentioned on Saturday
last, has, we are sorry to hear, lost altogether the use of one
eye, and is likely to lose that of the other. Hew can such sa-
vages hope to be countenanced in their diabolical deeds by any
honest or humtne man ? The whole comiltiftity should unite
against them, and if possible put them down.
A publican, in whose house a case of pistols, with some pow-
der and ball, belonging to these miscreants, was found, has
been apprehended and is now in Bridewell.
- -

Among the prisoners there is one fellow of a daring and de-
termined character. He was in custody some vears since for
the murder of an unfortunate man from Mallow, but discharged
.proclaniation, no witnesses having ventured to prosecute.
'the man was a baker, and the murder was committed on Ham-
mon (I' s Marsh.

Nothing could be better devised than were the arrangethents
by means of which the prisoners have been apprehended. The
very tinker from whom the saucepans which contained the vi-
triol were purchased, has been discovered, and is kept in cus-
tody in order that his evidence may be made use of on the pro-
secution.

FEMALES IN INDlA.—Ladies are never seen walking to-
gether in a ball-room; and though the most elegant female can
scarcely preserve a graceful appearance while supported on
each side by a male arm, it is the custom in India, and the ex-
hibition must be made upon pain of incurring the imputation of
desiring a tete-a-tete. Attention and flattery will usually recon-
cile a woman to the loss of the society of her own sex ; but by
many the privation is severely felt—they miss the warm and
cordial greetings, the delight of a re-union after brief absences,
and the pleasing confidential chattering to which they have
been accustomed in their native land. On the score of gaiety
much is lost by the separation of the female portion of an
assembly from each other, for nothing can be more formally de-
corous than the appearance of an Indian ball-room, where the
promenaders move round in lugubrious order, and where cold
and distant recognitions alone pass between intimate acquaint-
, ance. The.handlings, and shawlings, and tannings of male at-
tendants, which a lady must change perpetually if she would
avoid the appearance of retaining regular cavalieri serventi, are
poor substitutes for the group of gay girls with whom she was
wont to fain in animated converse. At length, perchance,
estranged from her own sex by long habit, she acquires,a dis-
taste for female society, and should she return to England will
talk of India as a paradise, and feel neglected and miserable
.when no longer supported by a troop of gentlemen.—Miss
Roberts's Scenes of Ilindostan.
How To PLEASE A CONGREGATION.—,A. little incident has
occurred in France which we recommend to the attention of
those who talk about the horrid tyranny.of the protestant church
and the mild peaceable character of the popish priesthood. At
Domgermain, near Nancy, a new cure having been appointed,
came to take possession; but the congregation did not approve
of him, upon which a bit of a row arose—the troops came to aid
the priest, and coolly killed seven of his dearly-loved flock, be-
sides wounding twenty others, many of them mortally. We
suppose Mr. O'Connell, who was so full of Ratbeormac, will
nut perceive any harm in this Domgermain affair—it was to
protect a popish priest, therefore highly proper.

SEPTEME.Sh 15, 18:35„

R. HENSHALL has the honour to. announce that To
al. MORROW EVE.N ING, (Wednesday,) he will give a

GRAND MISCELLANEOUS CONCERT,

AT THE ADEL PHI HOTEL.
Principal Vocal Performers—Miss Hamilton, Miss M.
Hamilton, Mr. Davies, and Mr. Henshall, assisted by a Full
Chorus.
ciei
Leader, Mr. Exton; 2d Violin, Mr rand; Tenor, Mr.
Davies; Flute, Mi. E. Brown; and ' rncello, Mr. Jackson.
Mr. I:IENSH ALL will preside at th 3iano-forte.
For particulars see Bills. '
Tickets, ss. each ' • or a Family Set of Five, One Pound, to
be had at all the Music Shops, and at the Bar of-the ADELPHI
HOTEL.

MUSICAL SOCIETY.
IVOTICE. The MEMBEI3.S of the MUS AL SOCIETY
LI are respectfully informed that the 'HEARSAL •is
POSTPONED until TO-MORROW ednesdav) EVEN-
ING, at Eight o'clock. J. ASHTON.
Music-Hall, Buld-street, 15th September, 1835.

Zbt. Eiberpool aitanbarb.

TUESDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 15, 1835

• We havek,receired Demerara papers to the end of July,
but they contain little matter that would be interesting-.
to the generul reader.

Our New York files reach to the 25th August. The

murders which have recently taken place in many parts
of the " land of liberty and equality" continue to be the
subject of discussion in the journals; but it does not ap-
pear that the general government at Washington, or that
any of the state authorities have adopted any legal mea-

sures to investigate the origin of these infamous transac-
tions, and punish the guilty parties. Blood has been
shed, but there is no avenging justice. Property is pil-
laged, and families are reduced to a state of penury and

misery by a tyrannical mob, but there is no redress. If
there be any laws at all in the United 'States they, are 'at
the present moment either a dead letter, or th 4 cannot

be enforced, and where suck licentiousness previils it is
impossible that true liberty or social happiness-ran have

Where there is no security for person
or property—where men are hung without being tried—
where black men and women are horribly lacerated with-
out being convicted of any offence—where houses are

any existence.

consigned to the flames by a drunken and brutal rabble,
before the eyes pf the magistracy, and no punishment
ensues—where all this can be done with impunity, the
government which permits it must be the most inefli-,
cient,. culpable, and wretched government that ever was
instituted in human society. Talk of Siberian slavery
and Russian despotism ! This of America is a million
degrees more unbearable ; it is the most odious tyranny
on the face of the earth.

In glancing over the New York Advertiser of the 24th
August we lighted upon the following curious paragraph,
which would have been to us totally unintelligible, but
