advertisement, and yet the noble lord is shocked at it. He
says, let us vindicate our honour; so say I. (Cheers ) But
the way to do so is to get rid of the present system. (Cheers.)
The way to vindicate tour consciences is to do away with such
proceedings; and the way to vindicate your religious feelings
is to send such matters to a proper tribunal, that tribunal to
which your lives and property is confided. Let such questions
be left to judges and juries, fairly selected from the counties,
least tainted with particular wishes upon particular questions—
(cheers)—giving power to the judges to set aside improper ver-
dicts. with power to the superior judges to set aside any matters
of law. (Loud cheers.) Let the honourable gentleman oppo-
site protest before God that this is all a calumny—let your Eng-
lish geattemen boldly state that you are the victims of a system,
and that you are not acting of your own disposition—proclaim
that you are borne down by Ihe faults of the system, that you
are forced into practices as a party which as individuals you
would scorn. Repeal that system altogether—reform it, and
you shallhave any apology from me you please—(cheers)—but
until you abolish that yeti shall not, have a word from me,. be-
cause I assert that I have•spoken nothing.but-the truth. You
shall.fo-morrow have the papers iu every part of the town, and
in every part of the country, calling out fur fair play and jus-
tice—it is impossible that you can resist it; and if I have been
an humble instrument in briugiog things to such a pitch, I !eel
honoured. Had I not been prevented by you, sir, I intended
to have moved that a committee of twenty one should be ap-
pointed to sit from day to day, to iuquire into and report upon
the working of the Grenville Act,—that committee should re-
port from time to time, and intended to have suggested that all
committees under that act should be adjourned for a week.
(Cries of " Oh, oh," and laughter from the opposition.) Why,
sir, if I wanted ajustification of my statement I have it at pre-
sent in the fact that honourable members may vote against me
while they agree with me• in opinion. Therefore, sir, I shall
now retire, declaring to the house that I have come forward in
this business from a thorough conviction of the truth of what I
have said. lam bound to thank the noble lord for the courtesy
with which he has brought forward the motion, and with these
sentiments I shall, as the usual course is, withdraw.
Lord MAIDSTONE urged that, instead of meeting the ques-
tion, Mr. O'Connell had endeavoured to laugh away the charge.
Considering that his complaint was untouched by the answer,
he moved two resolutions, declaratory in effect that the lan-
guage of Mr. O'Connell was false and calumnious, and that,
as such, the expressions were a breach of the privileges of that
house. •
Mr- MAUNSELL seconded the resolution.

' Lord Howicx briefly moved, that the other orders of the day
be proceeded with, on the ground that the house could gain no-
thing by entertaining the question, and that the charge of the
bon. and learned member for Dublin was substantially true as
regarded election committees chosen, not from one party in
particular, but from all parties. It is to be observed, that no
single-member who spoke last night was hardy enough to deny
that election committees were frequently governed add biassed
by their political feelings. What they said amounted, in reality,
to an admission that the members violated their oaths in noose.
'pence' but not one.of them could endure that the word "per-
jury" should be applied ; so that, in fact, the question resolved
itself into so nice a distinction, that it will be.incompreheosible
to all right-minded men throughout the county.
An extended and animated debate then followed, in the
course of which Lord J. Russell and the Chancellor of the Ex-
chequer supported the amendment, and Sir R. Peel and Sir W.
Follett, the original motion.
The house, which had become very clamorous for a division,
then divided on Lord Howick's amendment, that they pro-
ceed to the orders of the day. It was lost, there being 234 for
it, and 2.63 against it. Majority against the ministers nine!
The SPEAKER then put the original motion, on which Mr.
Hume opposed it, and declared that he agreed in opinion with
M r. O'Connell.

The first resolution was understood then to be adopted with•
out any division; but on the second being put,
Lord J. ItussaLL admitted that, after the opinion expressed
by the house that the decision should be taken, he considered
'that there could not be much doubt as to what that opinion
ought to be.
The house again divided. The numbers were--
For the second resolution
Against it
85
Majority
--208
Lord MAIDSTONE thereupon moved that the Speaker do
"reprimand" Mr. O'Connell in his place.
This led to still more extraordinary proceedings, as will be
observed on reference to the parliamentary report.
Mr. HUME, on the question of reprimand, moved that several
other members, having used language similar in its purport to
that avowed by Mr. O'Connell, be included in such reprimand.
Mr. WYNN submitted that such course could not be pursued,
inasmuch as the language of members used in the house could
not be complained of, except the complaint were made at the
time.

Adjournment was moved, and upon that the house divided
Thelma:there were—

For adjournment 159
Against it 246
Majority against ------87
Further discussions ensued; but Sir R. PRF.L said that it was
in vain to think of resisting questions of adjournment; and it
was thereupon agreed to adjourn the question of "reprimand"
until Tuesday.

HOUSE OF LORDS.—TUESDAY.
ROMAN CATHOLICS' OATHS.
The Bishop of EKE:TER stated, that he had been intrusted with
the presentation of a petition which involved a subject so im-
portant, that he felt it necessary to give notice of the period at
which he would present it. He therefore gave notice that on
Thursday next he would present a petition from certain inhabi-
tants of the city of Cork, praying that measures may be taken
to render effectual the sworn engagements of Roman Catholics,
not to subvert the present church establishment, mid not to
weaken the Protestant religion or Protestant government.
SLAVERY.
Lord BROUGHAM then fixed for Tuesday next for hismotion
respecting negro slavery, and presented a petition from West
Brunswick for its abolition.
miss piewmAN.
Lord BROUGHAM begged to put a question to the noble vis-
count at the head of her Majesty's governments respecting a
matter which had taken place at the late meeting of the Mid-
dlesex magistrates. It was there stated that Miss Newman,
who had been convicted of various robberies, and sentenced to
14 years' transportation, was favoured with a commutation of
the punishment to imprisonment in the Penitentiary, when she
was removed to Bedlam, on account of pretended madness, and
was now living there in comparative luxury. It was also stated
that the matron of that establishment, upon close observation,
was conviced of the assumption, and threatened to subject Miss.
Newman to the discipline of the establishment, if she persisted
in the imposition. He begged to ask if that was true?
Lord MELBOURNE replied that it was certainly true that Miss
Newman had been so convicted and sentenced; and, at the re-
commendation of the judge, the sentence was commuted to three
years in the Penitentiary, whence she was removed to Bedlam,
upon the recommendation of the medical officers of that esta-
blishment. In Bedlam, however, it was discovered that she was
perfectly sane, and that she had been so throughout. With re-
specr to the.continement of the three children in the House of
Correction; the best way would be to draw up a report of all the
circumstances, and lay it on the table. (Hear.) They had
been sent up from the country, by the magistrates, under sen-
tence of transportation, which bad been passed upon them for
the purpose of removing them from their parents, by whom
they had been instructed in crime. The secretary of state sent
them to the House of Correction for the purpose of reformation.
It was not true that they were subjected to solitary confinement,
which was not inflicted. upon auy prisoner, except as an addi-
tional punishment for misconduct in prison. Nor was it true
that any adults had become insane through tlp severity of their
sufferings.
After a few words from Lord Lyndhurst, Lord Brougham,
Lord Radnor, and others, the house adjourned.

,

THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD,

[Left sittjpg.)

•-, '

the course pursued by the noble lord since the attention of the
house had been first drawn to the subject before them by the
noble member for Northampton. When that noble lord had
given a notice upon that subject, the noble secretary of state for
the home department had also given a notice, conditionally,
dependent upon the course which the noble lord near him should
pursue. If the notice which the noble lord thus conditionally
gave, relative to expressions used elsewhere with reterence to
the conduct of honourable membera by a right reverend prelate,
were given not with a purpose and determination to bring such
a breach of privilege before the house, but with a view to screen
from punishment a political ally, tbeu he must say that such was
not a very dignified line of conduct. Whilst, on the contrary,
if the noble secretary did intend to bring the charge forward,
not through a sense of his public duty, but in retaliation for
bringing the honourable member before the house to answer for
his offence, then he must say that such conduct was something
worse than undignified. (Loud cheers.) The mover of the
amendment said it was better to dismiss the subject. Now, for
his own part, he was not so anxious for punishment. Enoughl he
thought had been done for vindicating the honour of the mem-
bers of that house. ( Hear, hear.) He was one who enter-
tained, despite of all that had been stated, a respect for the vote
of the House of Commons. Last night, in a house containing
520 members, the honourable and learned member for Dublin
had been charged with uttering a slanderous charge against
members of that house. How was this met? The secretary
of war, representing, the ministry, did not attempt to exculpate
the honourable and learned member, or meet the charge. He
proposed the previous question. (Hear, hear.) But, in that
house of 52J members, the offence imputed to the honourable
and learned member was voted to be a false and scandalous
charge without a division. (Hear, hear.) The noble lord
had asked why had they not adopted a stronger proposition as
to the extent of the punishment of the offence. He wished no
stronger course to be adopted on this occasiou. Ile and his
friends had appealed to the house as to a jury upon the subject
of this charge, and the jury had acquitted them. The noble
secretary had exonerated them iu his speech from the foul
charge, although he would not put it on record by his vote. The
effect of all punishment, he had found in his pro-fessional expe-
rience, depended upon the constitution, the feelings, and the
character of the person upon whom the sentence was to be pro-
nounced. He had witnessed the effects of a verdict of guilty
upon an offender who had suffered extremely, and been quite
abashed, though it was known the punishment would be slight,
whilst the sentence when pronounced upon others with a full
knowledge that the punishment would be severe, had been re-
ceived by the delinquent with callous indifference—the former
being liable to a punishment of only one month'simprisonment,
the latter to two years and the tread-mill. (Hear.) What the
honourable and learned gentleman would feel when submitting
to the reprimand for his offence, and exposed to the indignity
of correction, aggravated by that which the speaker might be
disposed to add in vindication of the insulted honour of that
assembly, it was not for him to divine; but this he knew, that
if he were ever to be placed in such a situation, the reproof of
the chair of that house could not fail to produce an effect upon
him that he could not forget to the latest hour of his existence:
These ,were his feelings in reference to this subject. They
were, he hoped, the feelings which ought to actuate a gentleman
and a man; and he thought that, under such a mortifying in-1
fliction, those feelings would not be lessened in their intensity
by remaining after it a member of that house; he would most
assuredly take the earliest opportunity of retiring. (Loud
cheering from the opposition benches.)
Some further discussion took place, in which Mr. Wynn,
Lord Castlereagh, Sir F. Pollock, &c., took part.
The house then divided. The numbers were—
For the amendment
Against it 249
Majority —2l
Mr. Gil ATTIN then moved that the following words he added
to the motion:—Notwithstanding that the hon. members for
the county and the city of Cork, for the borough of Sligo, the
borough Of Liskeard, and the borough of Falkirk, had avowed
in their places in that house sentiments similar to those ex-
pressed by the hon. member for Dublin ; and although that
house was contented to pass uncensured, and even unnoticed,
a published, charge of the Bishop of Exeter, accusing the ca-
tholic members of the house of a disregard to their oaths, and
denouncing the exercise of their rights as " treachery agravated
by perjury."
'lbis was also negatived after debate and a division ; the num-
bers were t—ayes, 197 ; noes, 226; inajorlty against the amend-
ment, 29.
The original motion for the reprimand was then carried.
Lord Ma t ostoNE afterwards moved that Mr. O'Connell be
ordered to attend in his place in the house this day, which
motion was also agreed to.
Mr. GiLLON said that he agreed in the sentiments of Mr.
O'Connell.
Mr. 1-tents moved that the words be taken downs Which was

done. A
Lord G. LENNOX called attention to the slow promotion of
the officers of the royal marines, and moved an address to her
Majesty, recommending the expediency of adopting some plan
to accelerate promotion generally in that corps.
Captain BOLDER° seconded the motion.
Mr. C. Wool) resisted the motion as uncalled for, and de-
fended the system of promotion adopted as applied to the royal
marines.
The house then divided, when there appeared—
Ayes
Noes ...
' Majority
The announcement of the numbers was received with loud
cheers.
The other orders of the day were then disposed of, and the
house adjourned at a quarter to one o'clock.
HOUSE OF COMMONS.—WEDNESDAY.

The speaker took the chair alfottr o'clock, at which" time a
great number of members were present, and the strangers'
gallery was crowded to exccess.
The Paington Harbour Bill was read a third time and passed.
Mr. O'Connell entered the house at a quarter past four
o'clock, and took his usual seat on the ministerial benches. The
hon. and learned member had a large bundle of petitions under
his arm, and as he walked up he bowed to a number of mem-
bers as if anxious to attract attention. No expression of feel-
ing, on either side, however, was manifested.
A number of petitions on various subjects were presented. ,
CORN-LAWS.
The Marquis of CHANDOS enquired if it was the intention of
the hon. member for Wolverhampton (Mr. Villiers) to bring
forward the motion, of which he had given notice for to-morrow,
for a repeal of the corn-laws? It was highly important to know
whether the motion was to come on to-morrow or not.
Mr. THOHNLEY said his hon. colleague (Mr. Villiers) had
not been able to attend the house since Monday, in consequence
of indisposition, but he saw his hon. friend this morning, and
he informed him that if be (Mr. V.) was able to attend the house
to-morrow he should certainly persevere in his motion. (Hear.)
REPRIMAND OF MR. O'CONNELL.
Lord MAIDSTONE moved the order of the day for the Speaker
reprimanding Mr. O'Connell in his place.
The order of the day having been read by the Clerk,
The SPEAKER inquired if Mr. O'Connell was present?
Mr. O'CONNELL.-1 am here. (Hear.)
The SPEAK ER.—M r. ()'Con nell will please to rise.
Mr. O'Connell obeyed the order.

The SPEAKER then spoke to the following effect. Mr. O'Con-
nell, you have, in the heat of debate, been unfortunately be_
frayed into the expression of language against many members
of this house, which the house has declared to be false and scan-
dalous, and your having admitted the truth of the report, and
openly avowed it in your place, the house has decided, that you
have been guilty of a breach of privilege, and it has ordered
that you be reprimanded by the chair. The charge of perjury
which you have made against many members of this house is
one of the gravest possible nature, and you have laid yourself
open to the censure of the house. You have alleged, that your
wish was to improve the tribunals for trying controverted elec-
tions : if that was your desire, you did not take the proper
mode of proceeding. (Hear, hear.) If such was your desire,
you ought to have adopted a different coarse of proceeding.
You have also alleged that other members of the house, and
persons out of it, had used the same expressions—that was no
excuse. As a member of the house, you ought to have consi-
dered its dignity, and not disparage the honour of members by
charging them with perjury. No one knew better than you
the power of the house to punish for such offence; and it was
the bounden duty of the house to vindicate its own honour and
character. If the house were once stripped of its moral cha-
racter it would lose all confidence in the public mind, and the
solemn deliberations of that great assembly be defeated. The
Speaker concluded by saying, that he should be unworthy of
the office be held if he shrunk from expressing his strong dis-
approbation of the language used. He had, therefore, in the
discharge of his duty, felt called upon to animadvert thus
strongly on the present occasion, and to express his great re-
gret that a member of the house should so far forget himself as
to impeach the honour and character of certain members of
that house. It only remains for me now, in obedience to the
resolutions of the house, to reprimand you in your place, which
Ido accordingly. (El ear, hear.)
Mr. O'CONNELL then addressed the house at considerable
length ; and in an impassioned manner he repeated all he had
ever said on the subject. (Hear.) He did not, nor would not
retract a single word. (Hear.) It was well known as soon as a
committee was formed what the result would be (hear, hear,
hear,) and therefore he would never cease until he had obtained
an alteratio❑ of the law. Mr. O'Connell concluded by moving
for the appointment of a select committee to be appointed by the
speaker to try the truth of the charge he bad made.
The SPEAKER said the hon. member must give notice of his
motion.

Mr. O'CuNNE►,L.—Then I give notice for to-morrow.
Lord J. RussELL, moved the reprimand of Mr. Speaker be
inserted in the journals.—Ordered.

CITY OF LONDON ELECTION.
Mr. CURRY stated to the house that a member of the Lon-
don Election Committee had voted at the last election,
upon learning which fact the committee adjourned, and or-
dered the chairman to report the fact to the house. (Loud laugh-
ter.)
Mr. SANDERSON had desired to vote for the City of Lon-
don, and had thought it had been openly done at the pre-
vious election (hear,) but having found it not considered
proper, he informed the committee of the fact, and ha was
sorry if his having voted had put the, house to any incon-
venience.
Mr. WYNN said, some years ago he recollected a clause in an
act of parliament, in order to meet any mistake of this kind,
which directs that 11 members should be sworn, and deemed a
proper committee for trying the petition, which was intended to
remove any inconvenience arising from cases exactly similar to
this. A somewhat similar case happened two years ago, in re-
spect to Dublin, when a gentleman stated his disqualification
before he had been sworn at the table of the house. It appeared
to him that the committee was sworn, anti the house cannot now
interfere; but perhaps the gentleman alluded to, regarding the
City of London Committee, might he exempted from any
further attendance. ( Hear.) (The noise in the horse was
now so great, and Mr. Wynn spoke in so low a tone, as to render
it almost impossible to distinctly catch the nature of his observa-

lions.)
Lord J. RUSSELL agreed with the last speaker. The committee
must continue, hut the gentleman ought to be allowed to absent
himself from the comrnitt'e.
Mr. Sanderson was then excused from further attendance upon
the committee. . .

.....
In answer to a question when the County-rates Bill would be
read a second time, it was stated that it would be this day- fort-
night.
On the order of the day being read for going into committee
on the First-fruits and Tenths Bill,
Mr. G. KtirGIIT rose and addressed the house, but the noise
which prevailed rendered the observations of the hon. member
inaudible. •
__
