DIRITTORS

Henry Stuart, E•q.' M.P. Sit James C. Anderson, Bart.
Henry Broadwooil, Esq , M.P. JaXper Rogers, Esq,.
'Thomas Hawkes, Esq., ALP. William/Holmes, Esq.
Captain Boldero. Dante 'lyth, Esq.
E. F. Dayrell, Esq.
(With power to aria to tl it natiTheril)
J. B. Jones, Esq., 11'. wing Di/coor.
Solicitor—ll. W. It ois, roft,
Secretary—W.' S W, Esq.
Bankers—Messrs. Coutts and 'Co., Loridon ; Commercial
Banking Company. Liverpool ; .Messrs. Daiotry, By le, and
Co., Manchester; Birmingham and Midland Bank,- Blurring-
ham ; Aless4, Willie, Ames, -and Co., Bristol; Mess's. .L'auil
R. Alnrell, CPXford ; County of (;limecster Bank, Gloucester ;
Messrs. Sanders, Sons, and Co., Exeter ; illessra. Swan, Cloitgli,
and Co. York ; Natiehal Provincial Bank of 'inland, iluth ;
Halifax ,Banking Company, Halifax; Messrs. Gurney and Co.,
Norwich ; Messrs. Leatliorn and Co., Wakefield ; Messrs.
Mort ock and Co., Cambridge; Messrs. Beckett, Bla)ds, sod
Co.; Leeds; Messrs. Pease and Liddells.; Hull ; Messrs. Mad-
dison and Co., Southampton; Messrs. Hall, West, and co.,
Brighton.

Prospectuses may bf. had or 11. T.ATirtrisoN, Stikk find
Share Broker. 9, Exchao4e-alley: Liverpool; to whom applica-
tions for Shares should be made.

Further information may be obtained of the Secretary,' at the
etniturary office of the Company, 18, Muurgate-street, Loudon
if by letter, post-paid.
WILLIAM SHAW, Secretary.

' PROSPECTUS OF Tfi E LIVERPOOL HOUSE AND
LAND-COMPANY AND SAVING'S FUND.
CAPITAL, £20b,000. IN £lO SIIAltliS.
lIANKIiItS.
The Liverpool Banking Company.
INSCItANCIt COMPANY.
The LlVerpool Fire add Life Office.
Solic(lrotts.
Messrs. Shaekletom Wright, and hunter..
suityßyott. /
Ali. Clarke Ramplin
.1 II F, establishment of a Joint Stock and for the Purchase
and Sale of _lmprovable Propert , in Land, Houses, or
Leases, has
.for.sorne time been un
,c the consideration of se-
veral Liverpool Capitalists, who have now determined to carry.
out their scheme, which 'was laid aside during the late mone-
tary crisis.
This Company,- will confine its pnrchases to Lands, Howlett,
or Leases, hut writ not build.
In' the selection of Investments. attention will be directed to
such property as Will presently secure a good Interest, and in the
nature or which an increasing value may reasonably be expected.
Persons having Property mortgaged will be treated-with
liberally; the Vendors to he at 11'erty to take an Interest is
the Company by a grant of Shares. It is presumed this will lie
found convenient to such parties, arid will save much Property
from sacrifice.
Lands, Houses, and Leases, capable of conversion to more
profitable uses, will be the STOOK OF Trl:.4: COMPANY,
and it is certain, that,
.with proper care, a gotiri annual profit
will be derived from the Sleek, which Will be bona iglu Property
chily increasing in value, and linattended by many tasintlities
anti expenses to which minty other Joint Stock Speculattns aro
liable ; in short, it fairly promises more prYit will less risk than
any other Company yet established,- it will possess advantaxes
over Building Societies or Savings' Banks; it will pay a Bette;
interest; an.t the. valued the Shares-will Increase in proportion
to the Dividends.
Tue Stock of the umnphoy shall be secured in the naittes of
folir Trustees, to be nominated at a Public Meeting of the
Shareholders.
To enable small Capitalists to participate in the scheme,
the Capital to be raised iu £lO shares, and to be called
for in the btihwing manner, viz.:—One Shilling per Share to
he paid tipoit the Allotment, and a further Sum -of: Teti
Shillings per,Share• within modem' days after the ;ippointment
of Trustees and Directors ; slid a further stint of Telt Shillings
per Share shall be payable %titbit' one month afterwards.; anti
that no future call shall exteed 1.1/ per Share at any obe tithe,
of width two months' notice shall be.kiven. '•
To secure the vigourous and efficient pursuit of the objects of
this Company, and to prevent the'direction lute unfaith-
ful or inefficient hands, the Projeerots have formed a Provisional
Committee, five of wh'eno, holding not lvse' than Thirty Shares
each, will with two others to be: eletted at the first general
meeting) tisSinne the direction fofthe first hVelVe tivaiths, when
two shall retire, but shall be eligible to be re-eleiderl.
The number of Shares-necessary tii the ptovisional formation
of the Company hating been token, the Cotnitifttee .have
solved to.offerto time Poblic '6.000 Shares at par; but no further
grant shall be made after, the lirst .allottnetit, except at such,
premiums as the Directors sliall•frorn time to time determine.
Persons neglecting to pay calls made by the Directors at the .
time specified to be -chargeable with iiiierest, but no forfeithre
of Shares to be declared. until after three Months notice shall
have been given in writing by the amigo's.
Directors to be empow,led to treat for the PurChase of
the Interest of any Shareholder desirous of withdrawing from
the Company.
That, as soon as may be, after the Allotment of the Shares, a
Public Meeting shall be held for electing anti confcrotiog the
Trtistees and Directors, and the Company writ be.rr operation
forthwith.
At all Public Meetitirts, holders of (tom to 21 'ashaarreess,shfiaviel
have one vote; 20 to 30 slimes, ttvo votes: 3i) to 50 shares:
three votes ; 50 to lOU shares. four toter; ; 1
votes; and true vote for every 50 shares
All applications, for shares tote addressed to the Provisional
Committee, (under Cover.) 10 M An** N 0.19 and 20,
Arcade, LiverpeoL Postpaid.

PatilamEnts

HOUSE OF LORDS.-73,,,,,, y

The Bishop of Exe.TEit gave notice, That otr the 25th instant
he would call the attention of their lordships to the report of the
committee on the national system of education in Ireland.
Lord KLBOU Na stated, in answer to inquiry from the Mar-
quis of Londonderry, that there was no truth in a statement in
the pnb:it journals, that in consequence of the interfeieuce of
ber majesty, or her majesty's government, the appointment of
one individual had been cancelled, and another made, to attend
the coronation as the representative of France.
The Earl of WirscHILSEA moved for copies of letters ad-
dressed by the Home Secretary to the Lord-lieutenant of the
county of Hereford, with regard to the reduction of the
yeomanry. . . .

Lord Sh:LBOURNE said, that there was no objection to the
motion.

After some conversation, the motion was agreed to.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.—MoNDAY.

Sir G. STR:cKL ND reported from the Flull election com-
mittee, that Mr. W. Wilberforce had not, and that Mr. Hutt
ben duly elected; and that Sir J. C. James had been
dui• returned. _

.iir E. Wit MOT intimated his intention to propose to defer
the motion of which he had given notice, regarding slavery, till
the 2.2,l of this month.
Sir R. PEEL inquired, with the view to more efficient legis-
lation regarding `• juvenile offenders," on which subject there
was a bill before the house, whether there would be any ob-
jection to write to those societies that had taken an interest in
the qnestion for the results of their investigations, so that par-
liatnent might have the benefit of them?
Lord S. ltirsssi:Lt answered, ►hat he was ready to adopt that
course. _ _ .

The house then avtin resolved into► committee on the benefices
pluralities bill;the desultor► discussions and divisions on which
occupied a considerable portion of the remainder of the sitting.

HOUSE OF LORDS.—TuEsnAr.

The poor law loan bill was read a second time.
The Earl of Snit KWSBURY (after having stated, in answer to
the Duke of Wellington, that he did not intend to take the.
Huse of the horise on his na,,tion.), proceeded to call the atten-
tion of the house to a copy of the despatch from the governor
or acting lieutenant-governor of the Island of Malta to his late
Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonial Department, re-
specting.the appointment of the Bishop of Malta to be a mem-
ber of Ile council of governtnent of that island; and also of the
despatch announcing the refusal of the said bishop to take the
'oath required by law to be taken by him on the acceptance of
such appointment, and his resignation of the same; together
withidocutnents -received from the said bishop on occasion of
such his refusal and resignation. ` His Lordship then moved
fbr pipers, consisting iif correspondence, &c., with the view of
showing that the oath had nut been repudiated at Rome.
Much interesting discussion took place; hut the motion was
withdrawn, Lord Mitt-BOURNE declering that the papers con,
slated chiefly of correspondence with ecclesiastics, the produc-
tion of which wuuid be establishing a very inconvenient pre-
cedent.

- -
The motion being withdrawn, their lordships adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.—TuzspAy.

Leave was given to the Waterford election committee to ad-
journ till Monday, although Mr. O'Colmitt, made an effort to
prevent it.
The Farringdon-street (London) " improvement" bill was
read the second time, after some interesting conversation as to
the mode of paying for the proposed improvement.
Mr. W A.K LEY mentioned that in the metropolis improvement
committee a resolution for granting £150,000, forthe rebuilding
of the Rural Exchange, had been adopted.
Lord PA LMERSTON, in answer to Dr. Lushington's inquiry,
said that the seizure of certain English vessels by the French,
in 1831, on the coast of Africa, was the subject of negociation,
and that the justice of the case being clear, he could not per-
suade himself that it would nut be attended to by the-French
government.
Lord 111 A HON intimated that he should move his resolutions
regarding the trial of controverted elections as an amend►rfent
upon Sir R. Peel's measure.
