( From the True Sun.)

•‘ They: (the Tories), wait for ministers to increase their unpopn-
,larity
.to which they have subjected themselves: and know. well
enough that such increased unpopularity is coining,
,Tliey wait for'the
ganrene in the Reform Act to do its work in the dimunition of many
constituencies already too small for independence : and in the cor-
ruption of others, already too corrupt: and they know well enough
that the favourable opportunity for their machinations is coming."

Mighty fine compliment for the Tories,' who we sup-
pose will feel it deeply, but, nevertheless, it prepares,
•" The People" for the fall. But it seems Mr. D. W.
'Harvey, the indefatigable editor, is subject to such at-
taCkS himself, witness another ministerial print which ac-
cc ants for the hostility thus. .
( From the Satirist.)

wIYTOL" HARVEY'S REASONS FUR EJECTING FROM OFFICRITHE

PRIISENT MINISTERS.

First,—BeeaUse they have shown an utter disregard of the interests
of the country, and a most ignorant contempt for talent and patriot-.
ism, by refusing to appoint me one of the charity commissioners.

Secondly,—Because they refused to pass an act of Parliament com.
polling the benchers to admit me to the bar although I had given
abundant evidence of my ample qualifications to advocate the chi-
canery of special pleading.

Thirdly,—Because they have permitted all my speeches in Parlia-
ment to fall dead-born on the floor of the House, •without expressing
the least pain at my withering satire, or pleasure at my unexampled
panegyrics.

Fourthly,—Because they refused to repeal all the enactments which
render it illegal, and provide a punishment for those attorneys who
may in their discretiou deem it advantageous and desirable to' retain
possession of the papers of their clients, or of any other property unto
them belonging, for any length of time, as the said attorneys may
think tit and proper. .
Fifthly,—Because if the Whigs were ejected from office, a new mi-
nistry would be sure to come in, and then there would be a chance of
my getting/a good place, as a fitting reward for my unprecedented
and d6interetted exertions in behalf Of this unhappy kingdom.
Without admiring,Mr. Harvey's politics or principles,
we are• ready to admit one fact, namely—that if talent
could have Secured him a place, he would have had it
long 'since; there is no denying that he possesses as
muchias the whole ministry put together. Tiin.liollow-
heattedness of Lord Brougham, another patriot, is thus
described.

(Flom the Dispatch.)
"In the parish of Little Laver, a part of the atrocious Ongar (hun-
ger) " Union," are two helpless widows, one aged 76, the other up-
wards of 70. They have not yet been Bastiled for the Whig crime of
living longer than they are able to work ; but what do our readers
think is the munificent weekly allowance made from the " Union" to
these poor old creatures by the despicable agents of the despicable
? Why, just twelve pence a-piece ! Not twopence-farthing
day for food, house-rent. fire and clothing ; while, to mend the mar-
tt.r. both the aged victims need medical aid, and one is bed-ridden.
Read ads • Lard Brougham; then gn and draw your quarter's pensicni,
and perpetrate another speech about the philosophy of abolishing all
compulsory relief fur poor paupers."

77te Champion, too, anothor of " the people's jour
nals,!! thus attacks O'Connell :

nd when Mr. O'Connell is moved to swagger and htilly "„in, let
him recollect that the people of England are now much more on, the
defensive against both the Whig Ministry and himself, than they are on
the offensive in conjartiou with him and them. The people are en-
gaged in inquiries and diseumsions concerning the working of the
"amended" poor. law, which he and the Whigi praise to the skies,
because„,ii4s,a,partial,rflieal of the English poor-lame, and which, he
in "Itzt;ny' to say. works well !" They are also engiged in arraying
themselves'ag:i hist the projected Whig rural police scheme, of which
not one word sit disapprobation hos escaped his lips a large and impor-
tant part of the people are consulting' and preparing for an appeal to
parliament in behalf of the factory slares in the north of England ; and,
in all these, the people dr?rul the and him. They have reason.
The Whigs and he work together with marvellous harmony, both as
to the poor-laws anfl as to the factory slavery ; and he may bully and
call names till doomsday, hut he never will see the people follow the
advice of a man whose speeches are convincing no one (here,) while
the absurdities and inspertinences and falsehoods contained in them,. are
irritating and disgusting every body
,who has the patience to wade
throuzh them. •

THE NORTHERN 'AND CENTRAL BANK AND THE
BANK OF ENGLAND.
