POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

BRUTAL ASSAULT.--On Tuesday, at the Polic•office,
William Dunn, Catherine Dunn, and Christopher Dunn,
the three Irish individuals who were remanded about a week
ago, under an accusation of having inflicted serious injuries
ou the person of John Brennan, were again placed at the
bar for further examination, the wounded man being conva-
lescent, though still weak and ill. The surgeon had pro-
nounced bum entirely out of danger. Inspector Crouch
stated, that, on the 29th ult., be received information that a
man had nearly been killed in an affray in Johnson-street. He
took a party of officers with him, went to the house of the
prisoners and apprehended them. The prosecutor stated,
tbat on Sunday night week, between ten and eleven o'clock,
he was coming out of a house in Johnson-street, when be
received a violent blow on his back, which drove him into
the middle of the strect. The prisoner, Catharine Dunn,
rushed at him with au instrument which he believed to be a
soldering iron, and struck him with all her force over the eye.
He was slightly stunned by this blow, which was immedi-
ately followed by another still more violent from a man, he
could not say whom. At the same instant he received another
blow on the back of his head. He fell senseless to the ground,
and lost all recollection of what followed. A girl, about
fourteen years of age, who saw the affray, stated that the pri-
soner, William Dunn, struck the first blow with a hammer
as the prosecutor was leavingethe house. She (witness) was
going for a policeman, when she saw Catharine Dunn ad-
vance with an iron implement, and strike the prosecutor on
the forehead. William Dunn rushed at him a second time,
and struck him a furious blow over the eye with the hammer.
The cotnplainant fell, and William Dunn jumped upon hs,
breast. She did not see Christopher Dunn strike at all.
Mr. Davenport, solicitor, who appeared for the prisoners,
cross-examined the witness. His view appeared to be to
show that the complainant kept a house of ill fame, and that
the girl was of loose character. Neither of these points were
established. The complainant stated, that he bad been at a
christening, but he was not intoxicated. He had seen the
Dunns before, but never had a quarrel with them. A wit-
ness, named Croone, corroborated the teeamony of the prose-
cutor and the girl, and swore that he saw Christopher Dunn
strike the latter a blow on the back of the head with some in-
strument. A medical gentleman stated that he was called in
to see the complainant. He found him in a very dangerous
state. There was a wound on the back of the head, which he
believed was a fracture, but he was not certain. The blow
over the eye had broken down the skull, and at first he con-
sidered it impossible that the man could live. When he put
his finger iuto the orifice, for the purpose of ascertaining the
condition of the fractured bone, a small portion of brain ad-
hered to it. A friend whom he called in, agreed with him .
that there was no hope for the man. He considered the re-
covery to be most extraordinary, and the constitution of the
man equally so. Mr. Davenport called Arch. M'Cartby,
Charles Ford, and George Welsh, all of whom testified to
having seen some row which took place previously to the
assault complained of, but none of them altered the evidence
offered in support of the accusation. William Dunn was
committed for trial. Catharine Dunn and Christopher Dunn
were ordered to pay a fine of £5 each, or, in default of pay-
ment, to be committed to the House of Correction for two
months. It was further ordered, that Christepher Dunn
should find bail that he would keep the peace, himself in £3O,
and two sureties in £l5 eacb.

A Triato MAN.—On Tuesday, at the Police-office, an in-
dividual who stated that he was a master plasterer, appeared,
accompanied by his solicitor, Mr. Crewe, to substan-
tiate a complaint against a very beatitiful and well-dressed
girl, who it appeared had put him in bodily fear. The com-
plainant, so far as bodily appearance was concerned, seemed
fnliy able to protect himself, at least from so gentle a crea-
ture as the girl against whom he complained. The latter, it
appeared, is a servant to a lady in Liverpool. Some time
since the complainant and' defendant were extremely inti-
mate, and the result of a long acquaintance was the seduc-
tion of the latter. She had an infant, for the support of
which the complainant pays a certain sum weekly to the pa-
rish. After this occurrence he dropped the acquaintance-
Ile now complained that she had called at his shop and
threatened to bring a loaded pistol and shoot him through
the head. A few nights since, said be, I was walking along
Smithdown-lane, when she met me, and presenting either a
pistol or a dagger at me, declaied she would have my life. I
ran away as hard as 1 could, and she seeing two gen-
tlemen coming up, did not follow me. The young woman
stated, that during the period of their intimacy, she bad, at
various times, lent him sums of money which he never repaid.
He now owed her £2l. All that he had told about the pistol
was false. She had certainly called at his workshop, and
requested him to let her have a little money, but she used no
threats whatever. Complainant: Oh yes, you did; when
von met me in Smithdown-lane, You said : now I've got you—
and didn't I run away? Defendant: Yes you did, but I did
not do anything to frighten vou. Complainant : Oh yes,
von presented a pistol. Defendant : Oh no; I never had a
pistol ! Mr. Hall: I suppose she had her umbrella in her
hand, and you thought she was going to shoot you with it.
Mr. Crewe pressed the magistrate to make the defendant find
bail. Mr. Hall seemed to think there was no reason for such
a proceeding. He thought the young woman would see the
propriety of not going near the complainant again. The
best mode of recovering her money would be by action at
law. Mr. Crewe (to the complainant) : How do you feel now
in your conscience? Tell the magistrate fairly and candidly
the state of your feelings.—The man here began to weep, and
screwing his face into a most piteous expression of grief, he
whined out, while subs occasionally checked his utterance,--;
If you'll believe me—Mr. Hall--I am afraid to venture out.
I feel—that I am—l'm, I tell you candidly, afraid of my life.
—(Laughter.) Mi. Hall : I suppose you want to send her
to prison. Complainant : Yes, sir, I'm not safe while she's
at liberty. Mr. Hall thought it sufficient to exact from the
defendant a promise that she would never go near the timid
gentleman again. The defendant made the requisite pro-..
wise, averring, however, that she should commence an action
for the recovery of her money.
STABBING.—On Tuesday, at the Police-office, Ann Coch-
rane, a dissolute female, was charged with having assaulted
Catharine Duffy and wounded her with a sharp inatrumerit.
It appeared, that, on Tuesday last the complainant and the
prisoner met each other in Tithebarn-street. Being old at..
quaintances, they entered into conversation. A sailor, who
was known to both, joined them. With this individual Ann.
Cochrane began to quarrel; and it was not long before they
carne to blows. As both the sailor and the prisoner were
much infuriated, Catharine Duffy feared that some mischief
might ensue. She therefore interfered and endeavoured to
part the combatants. Her efforts, however, only had the
effect of increasing the wrath of Cochrane, who threatened
to punish her if she did not immediately depart. The com.
plainant.said she would soon put an end to the affray for she
would fetch a police officer. She went towards Milk-street
for the purpose of putting this threat into execution. Ann
Cochrane, in a state of great excitement, followed her, and
called several abominable names. At length seeing that the
complainant was intent upon finding a police officer, she
rushed at her, and exclaiming, " there, take that you dirty
faggot," stabbed her twice in the neck with a knife. The pri-
in her defence said, she never had a knife in her hand. Sub-
sequently she acknowledged that she had struck the com-
plainant, but it was with a sharp stone. The cuts were
stated to be very severe but. not dangerous. Mr. Hall,
animadverting on the brutality of the assault, order the pri-
prisoner to pay a flue of £5 and costs, or, in default of pay-
tneut, to be committed for two mouths to the Hoase of Por-
red ion .

THEFT BY A BUTCHER'S ASSISTANT.—CharIes Healey, a
youth who has been for some time in the employ of Mr.
Gilles, a butcher, who carries on an extensive business in
Cleveland-square, was on Wednesday placed before Mr.
Hall, charged with having robbed his master. It appears
that Mr. Gilles has for a long time suspected the prisoner, in
consequence of his extravagant habits; but owing to the
quantity of money turned over, detection was difficult. At
length the style of the prisoner's dress, and the nature of some
purchases which he had made, rendered it evident that he
must be obtaining much more money than his wages, by some
means. lie was narrowly watched; but though suspicion
was strengthened, nothing was discovered sufficiently certain
to warrant his apprehension. It was determined, therefore,
to lay a trap for him. Accordingly Mr. Gilles and his daugh-
ter marked some money, and put it into the bands of a young
woman of their acquaintance, with the ►equest that a joint of
meat might he sent for and purchased from the prisoner, early
next morning, before Ms. Gilles went to the shop. The young►
woman complied with the request. Early on Wednesday
morning five pounds of mutton was purchased from Healey,
and paid for with the marked money. Mr. Gilles having as-
certained this, examined the drawer; but no money was there.
Mr. Gough, one of the market constables, was sent for. He
searched the prisoner, and found the two marked shillings,
and one marked sixpence, paid by the young woman for the
mutton. The box of the prisoner was searched, and Gough
found several half-crowns and a new flute. The prisoner
had also purchased clothes to the amount of £2 135., which,
as well as the flute, he confessed had been paid for by money
stolen from his master. The money found, including the two
shillings and sixpence marked, amounted to £2 Bs. 6d., of
which the prisoner said only G. were his own. The flute had
cost him 13s. Ile was committed for trial.

PAYING DEARLY FOR KlNDNESS.—Yesterday, at the
Police-office, a drunken, dissipated-looking woman, with a
face the colour of pipe-clay, named Mary Smith, was charged
by a good-looking little Welsh woman with having defrauded
ber of half a sovereign. The complainant, in stating her
grievance said—" She came yesterdays to porrow sixpente,
which I thought I wont lent her, and gef hut what I thought
was a sixpence, put it wars half a sofereign I gef her in mis-
take; ant as I had no one to give me atvice I let it wait till
this morning." Mr. Hall.—How do you know it was half
a sovereign ? Complainant.—l am sure it wass, for a shen-
tlemans paid it to tine for washing." The prisoner was asked
what she had to say, and, with great volubility and with ex-
traordinary conciseness, gave the magistrates her name, con-
dition, and defence. " Please, sir, my name is Mary Smith.
I was turned out of my lodgings, and wanted sixpence; I
axed my neighbour there for it, and she lent it me after soma
scruples, and I paid it away." Being asked how she came
into possession of 3; or 4s found upon her, she said she bad
pawned some of her clothes for the money that morning,
which appeared to he true, some pawn-tickets being found
upon her. Mr. Hall said that would show that she wanted
money. No, she did not wants money, for she sent for a
nokkin of gin, and was treating all night. Mr. Hall said
she might have done that; on which aide the mistake was
he could not tell. Complainant.—l must haf gifen it her.
Mr. Hall. It is a case I cannot interfere in. Discharge ber.

ROBBING A BARGE.— Yesterday, at the Police-office, act
elderly man named John Morecroft, was charged with having
robbed a barge lying► in the canal, of a quantity of provi-
sions and wearing apparel. Policeman 122 stated, that about
nine o'clock that morning he received information that the
cabin dour of a flat had been broken open, and a quantity, of
flour, bacon. sugar and clothes taken out. The complain-
ant, a real rough-spun Cheshireman, was asked to state his
complaint, but remained silent, the very picture of sturdy
stupidity,—Mr. Hall: Is that your jacket? Complainant:
Yees. Mr. Hall: Yes what ? Complainant: Thaes things
belongs to me. Mr. Hall: What are you ? Complainant :
Whoy hoi'm a boatman. Mr. Hall: Where did you put
these things? Complainant: I't cabin loike. Mr. Hall:
When did you miss them? Complainant: Last noight.
The officer said he had found the stolen goods in the house
of the prisoner, and had therefore taken him into custody.
He said be knew nothing at all about them; the house was
his son's. Mr. Hall: Does this man's son work on board
your flat ? Complainant: Yees, he does sometimes. Mr.
Hall : This man may be quite innocent; the sun may have
taken them. Complainant: I doant think that man tuk
'em; I doant think he did. Mr. Hall: It is his son? Com-
plainant: Yees. Mr. Hall: Well, you must look after the
son; there is no evidence against this man at all. Discharge

SINGULAR CIRCUMSTANCE.—The other day Mr. Lennox,
fishmonger, St. John-street, on opening au oyster, found
therein an English shilling ! How the coin got there is a
puzzler.—Perth Paper.
The Earl and Countess of Wilton returned to town on
Monday last, from a visit to the Duke of Wellington, at
Walnier Castle. The noble earl and countess will shortly
leave town for their seat in Leicestershire.
'No men enraged in two different contests at Leicester,
have lost their 'lives from being engaged in boxing matches.
A verd,ct of manslaughter last Monday was recorded in both
cases.

ECONOMY IN GUNPOW DER.—lnstructions have been given
that the 29th Mav, the anniversary of King Charles IL's
restoration, is no longer to be onserved by the firing of the
Tower guns. Whet next ?
The principal alteration now making in Buckingham Pa-
lace is the construction of a new grand staircase, by which
parties leaving the state rooms may descend without, as here-
tofore, meeting on the same staircase those who are arriviag ;
by which much inconvenient crowding will be avoided.
At Dudley, on Friday, Mr. Paskins, formerly a school-
master, and now possessed of from £15,000 to £20,000, was
held to hail in £4OO, to take his trial at the next sassions;
for stealing about two yards of cloth from 412 auction-room
in that town. —7 Illvreever Journal.

E

r ;nab

„ ,„
.. . „.
. •
, .: .
.
. . '
. ,
, .
• .
.
, . .
.. • .
THE INSURANCE COMPANY. HAnovalt, OM Z.-Since the last visit of Dr. Graefs . .
41)11 ark CIO. LONDON GAZETTE.-TUESDAT, Nov. 6.
VOttrg. acquired contempt for what a short time ago they and pletely infatuated them, and they looked on calmly at
their fellow-whigs were accustomed to call the "GLO- the murder. Thus do we clearly trace these atrocities the reports are revived of a speedy operation on the Crown ...........,,,,.....---.
(FROM THE cOuRT GAZETTE.) ' Prince, and that it Will, in all propabtlitv, be successful. It ---0110.--. PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED. . •
___ .. .
RIOUS" revolution of 1688-the " form of prayer with• to the apostacy and its pestiferous influence. The A rich capitalist of Paris, whom I shall name M. Lebrun, is certainly the most fervent wish of all Hanoverians that
WHEN I WAS IN MY PRIME. LIVERPOOL CORN EXCHANGE,Nov. 6. J. Ormandy and A. L. Ormantly. Liverpool, booksellers-M. A.
was famed for his enterprising and speculative disposition. their beloved Crown Prince may recover his sight, and SO Since Tuesday last the imports of Oats and Oatmeal from Ireland aKeell. C. Keen. and•F. Rawson, Liverpool,. coffee-house..keep_ere :
. - thauksgiving" for the sth of November being not only case we have referred to is only one more added t.o
be full), qualified to ascenel the throne of his an.ceators. It is ras regards F. Rawson-J. Hepworth and T. Sharples, Weel
' BY CAROLINE Bow LEs. ' " for the happy deliverance of King James I. and the that tremendous catalogue of misdeeds for which it Nut a new project was set on foot. but he was applied to for hve been to af •
a air extent, and some increase to our stocks of Fo- t 1
Loann,c
aLsahni cr
ea s, hviirtsr•
i.ofla-rmmaenrus -f
acJt.u.Areshr.t o n an d W . Alm on d. Farnworth,
his patronage and protection, and in general whatever he en- well known that One et eis irrecoverably lost; it is atrophy- reign free Wheat has occurred by arrivals coastways from London,
ni Au
fNa
xK RI
iUn rnn 13.
three estates of England from the most traitorous and has to answer
gaged in was crowned with success. Not long since he was that is to say, nature has ceased to convey any nourishment but of all other Grain very moderate, and the weather having coo-
-1 mind me of a pleasant time,- bloody-intended massacre by gunpowder," but " also one morning seated in his study at his country house, when to in and it has -consequently sunk in and shrivelled up. tinued unfavoureble for completing harvest in the ba.ckward sitna-
Alexander Robertson. 11
-
Cu tici
ehsetre.r.l a
A season long ago,- for the happy arrival of his Majesty King William
NATIONAL EDUCA'FION-JUSTICE FOR a cabriolet drove up to the door: from it descended a young Against this art is unavailing; we have, therefore only to lions -for securiste the Potatoe crops and for all aaricultural work draper. , ,
Abraham Wallis, Springfield, Essex, miller.
we ha. ve experienced a very Steady •de'mand all last'week, and sales
The pleasantest rye ever known, man of fashionable appearance, and fine open tountenance, hope that (what unhappily frequently happens) the second Ernest Ber, Wood-street, Cheapside, London, laceman.
on this day for the deliverance of our Church and IRELAND. to a pretty considerable extent of every article in the Corn Trade
so, nBGn igl lhetsapai e b,
Or ever now can know : • • not unknown to the frequenters of Tortoni's. He demauded eye may wit follow the first. Hitherto, however, it is said have been made to millers, dealers, and speculators at fully the John Wrigh.t, Leicester, timber-merchant.
-street, Durham, common-,
Bees, birds, and little tinkling rills, nation." Thus our precious wing ministers have
to speak with the master of the house, and was introduced at there is no sign of atrophy in the other eye. It is said that prices last noted, and for very superior qualities, at a small advance,
So merrily did chime; managed by one act to express their sympathy for one - TO THE ROMAN CATHOLICS oF IRELAND.
once to M. Lebrun. Ilis host was- in slippers and robe-de- Dr. Greek will perferm the operation, and come from Berlin and this statement is applicable to the London, Yorkshire, and to J‘lo,si
lel pi.
ahmC oEI
ll
li
ins
The year was in its sweet spring-tide, of the most bloody-minded ruffians that ever breathed 15 chatnbre, for he loved to live as indolently as he could when for that purpose, in a few• days. It is thought that if the all our country markets of the past week. brewer. . .
DIVIDENDS.
" I speak as unto wise men-judae ye what I say."-1 Cor. x. . The olv lter ti r • the 1 ties on Grain from Forei n Ports on . ... a
Atid I-was in my prime. -to insult the Church, to violate the law, and to con- .7, , not itntnersed in the whirlpool of business at Paris. operation succeeds the King will take that opportunity to
Frida lnaa wa as aan (inicirnease o'fuls 61 R tlg d Nov. 28, J. Maguire, Liverpool merchant-Nov. 28. E. Taylor.
• DEAR ROMAN C iTHOLIC r RIENDS AND I...OUNTRYMEN,-- „ Y per qr. on ye. an a ecrease
I 'ye never heard such music since, ciliate O'Connell by turning up their noses at the , , . - . You will excuse me, Monsieur," said the young man, grant a pardon to the Gottingen state prisoners. There is aofls 6d per qr. on Pease ; a speculative demand for Wheat and Liverpool colour-manufacturer-Nov. 26.G_, Healey Strand Lon.
ie 'ou l call m self our•faithful
t could never again consc nti s y y y don chee'semoneer-Nov. .9 T. Ellson Henl •••• ' o . .
e . . ey up n-Thames
, taking possession of an arm chair ; " you will excuse me for report that the city of Holdestreine is preparing to present a Flour in bond has continued, and several parcels have changed •
From every bending spray,- revolution of 1688 ! friend and servant, were I to allow th present opportunity Oxfordshire wine-merchant-Nov. 29 J. Fearn, Angt•l-coort.
I 've never pull'd such primroses, troublitz your retirement hy speakine to You of matters of second address to -the German Diet. bands at an advance equal to about Is 6d per 7011 ts for the former,
We have not yet heard whether any " Liberal" to pass of entreating your attention to the two distinguished e - Throgmorto'n-street. London, stock-bruker-Nov. 29, J. Philthatt,
Set thick on bank and brae,- speculation; but the affair in question is of grave importance and at about 3s to 4s per brl for the latter, less than can be obtained .
R 1 t N '8 R B t BI kf •
oc les et', ironmonger- ov. 2 , .. ee on, ac riarssrcatd,
I 've never smelt such violets,- bishop was brought to preach before her Nlajesty on prelat w fieurine before our eyes
es of your church who are no ~ „ y
..
and pressing nature: it may have consequences so morally •s' - '• '•••" -• ' -•-• . --- --' - ''• ' - - ' ' for the same ualities if now free so much confidence revails of
q ' P London linen-sire er-Dec 1 W Nation •Bath butche --N y
As, all that pleasant time, the sth in defence of Guy Faux, and in disparagement in the arena of public controyel y useful to society, and so exorbitantly lucrative for the projec- - an early reduction of the duties ; some parcels of Oats in bond , ' P .:• • . • • r.. 0 •
27, C. H. Gray. Bath, provision-merahant-Nov. 30, T. Cole and
Our witty countryman, .
Thotnas Moore when writine his -,,'..-1) typtim Entritignut. have found sales for export at our quotations.
I found by every hawthorn root, of William 111. ; but this we can affirm, and prove by ' =7 tors, that I feel copvinced of your forgiveness for speaking - At this day's market there was a fair attendance of town and W. Mountcastle, Manchester silk-mannfacturers-Nov -27• I.
- poem to try and extricate these eminent combatants mom Crossley and J. Cressley, Far'nle T Yk h• ILs ' . -
y s as. or s ire, eot i rniettu
'When I was in my prime. evidence-namely, that a government print of la t
s Dens, said that he (Dens l= to you respecting it." ---mme..__ country millers and dealers, who made purchases onlv to a very
a - facturers-Nov. 28, W. Thompson, H. Leonard, and R. B. Dawes,
Yon moon, down, so black and bare, night (Cupid) contained the following lines, which, "Of course was snore handy to call in a hurry, ' Speak on, Alonsieur; lam all attention," said the capi- TUESDAY. NovEmBER 6.-Wind E.
talist, crossing his legs and drawing his dressing-gown closely ARRIvm-Daillonsie Castle, al nrray, ftom al iramichi. \moderate extent of every article in the trade, at the prices of this
day week. • Aston, Warwickshise, factors-Nov. 27, W. Luscombe. jun. Broad
Was gorgeous, then, and gay Hempston, Devonshire, butcher-Nov. 29,T. Jeffs, Welliogbornugh.
if they amount not to a panegyric upon Guy Faux, l'han Docther Mac Hale or Doctor Alurray." SAILED. -Wm. Wright, Flagg, for Montego Bay-Sandbach, Vt
'HEAT, V 701 h 8 . d. s. d INDIAN CORN, V 41301 n.
about him. Northamptonshire, victualler-Dec. 5. S. Musgrove and W:Qitelch.
With gorse and gowan, blossoming 10 6 ai2 3 Red
hem called forward in vain •
They have been often both of t. . . , , Mephitm, for Demerara Frances, Dixon, and Hannah. Briggs. for English
are at least an astoundingly stupid palliation of a " Who could ever have supposed," said the stranger witn Reading, auctioneers-Dec. 10, A. Oxley, W. Oxley, and J. Oxley.
As none blooms now-a-day:- but here the two gentlemen without any one calling for Barbadoes-Ahercromby, tire, for Charleston-Maria Leone, Tor- Scotch lO 4 -11 6 White
The blackbird sings but seldom now design the most cruel and the most cowardly that the great solemnity, " that in quitting an age of doubt and incer- menneur. for Marennes, &c.-Blackness, Butler, for Hamburg- Irish
d • h h ' hatev r cotne forth deliber-
thetn,.an wit out any urry w . e , . maker-Nov. 27, W. Yates, gen Old Buffery WorksaWorcester-
titude like the last, we should enter a period so remarkable and Magnificent, Whitty, for Savannah. Bonded .
Up there in the old lime, • d TI fll • tl Vries
annals of crune recor . le o owing are le i a h
ately In the columns of your nee spapers to give you a t e shire, ironfounder-Nov. 28. W. Clarkson and J. Waterhouse,
for its desire to make all fixed and certain as the present. BARLEY, kr qr. Irish . . 42 0 - 44 0
Where. hours and hours, he used to sing, to which we allude. It will be observed that they are benefit of their instruction. Allow me to second their pious Judith & Esther, Moran, from Jamaica, at Cork English .38 0 -42 0 PEAS, Grey.... 32 0- 38 0
• '''' Stanningley, Yorkshire, cloth-manufacturers-Nov. 28, T. Brod-
In the eig,hteenth century every thing was overturned, be- rick Preston watchmaker.
s When 1 was in my prime.
signed " S." That they are ita every sense of the intentions, and to lend my humble exertions that their efforts
cause the wurld doubted of everything; in the nineteenth no Aigennoria. •--, , hence off. Green Island Chevalier 40 0 -43 0 White .. 40 0-48 0 • •
CERTIFICATES
Such cutting winds came never then,
expression "devilish bad," we admit ; -but does Cupid lost on you.
shall not be r . doubt exists, because nothing is left to chance. -His by means I a nah. A lams, trom Bahia, at Hambure Scotch, 4fs 601 b. 53- 5 6 RAPESEED, V last, X - To be granted, unless cause be shown to the contrary. en or before
To pierce one through and through; There are three points on which they convey to you most Stamboul, Sloman, irom Constantinople,nat Kingroad Irish - 5 4 Faouu, English, Ar 2801 b• tae 27th day -of November.
seriously mean that he had them from Satan himself! . . d• h • • f of insurance that society is now reorganizing itself. What Frankfort, Norman, hence at Milford, leaky, and with loss of Foreign, bond 4- 4 6 Fine 54 0-63 0
More softly fell the silent shower- excellent information •an , wit out presuming to inter ere T. Al• Lend, Chichester, draper-S. Hugo, Truro, Cornwall, malt-
- is there that is not now insured ? Nay, it has been lately bulwarks oAemer 451 b. Irish - 62 0
More balmily the dew : between such infallibissopponents, I call you, my country- ster -E. Adams, Old Newton, Suffolk, coal-dealer-11. Golding,
FANCIES OF THE FIFTH. whispered that the Messrs. Rothschild think seriously of forme Bolina, Carroll, from Jersey for this port, at Plymouth, with English .... 36- 4 0 American. ans brl. free. New-inn-yard, Shoreditch. London, victualler-J. Harrison, Al an-
The morning mist and evening haze- men, to the plain comtnonesense view of the case. -Common sails split Scotch - 4 0 Sweet, U.S. 00- 0 0
Unlike this cold grey rime- (From Cupid.) sense you have-quick sense-shrewd sense-capital sense, ine a company for insuriug kings on their thrones, and for
Charles Brice from Ostend for this port, at Ramsgate, leaky, Irish - 3 9 Sour,liond .. 35 0-40 0 chester. slyer-J. Cochrane Waterloo-place. Pall-mall, London
fixing ministers of state in possession of their portfeuilles; aa• t) • • . • bookseller-J. Collis, Flea-street. London, tailor-Al. nalvert,
Seemed woven waves of golden air, I. . my dear countrymen.-Nove, all I ask of you is, use it a little,
hand"
akesen in contact with the pier, and with loss of sails, anchors Foreign, bond. 26- 3 2 OATMEAL, V 24011) Manchester, linen-yard dealer-B. Gregory, Allen-street, Goswell-
in fact, insurance is the great instruinent by which will be Ditto, duty free 34- 3 9 English 29 0-32 0
When I was in my prime. " Something to burn the Guy !" they cried, if you please. brought about that advanced statemf humanity, so fruitlessly Charlotte, Williams, from Africa for thls port, at Falmouth, very Rye, arqr. .. 36 0 -40 0 Do. new 1837 32 0 - '34 0 street, Le-lid-an, ironfounder.
And blackberries-so mawkish now- Those tiny boys, while far and wide The points are these :- sought for by Fourier, St. Simon, and , 3 leaky, and with considerable damage One man washed over- MALT, V qr. fines 6 061 0 Scotch 29 0-32 0 • SCOTCH SEQUESTRATIONS; .
Were finely flavored then; Laughed the long street-as on they bore Ist. THE UNITY OF THE CHURCH. " But what is the nteaning or this long preamble ?" inter- board, ano another died on the passage, having experienced very Middling .... 46 0 -56 0 Alexander Mae Leod. Balelone, Inverness-shire, surgeon.
.. ~.
And hazel nuts! such clusters thick Their monster-doll from door to door- 2(.1. THE CHURCH'S SENSE OF THE SCRIP- ruccted the master of the mansion, in a dry metallic voice. r
bad weather. On 10th Oct. in lat 24 lona 2840 spoka the Ben-
I ne'er shall pull again ;- A hunch-back thing-a figure squat, TU RES. 44 ou are aware, I presume, that I require something posi- al. hen fM b• . ' ''. ' - .
ce or . o tie LVERPOOL PROVISION MARKET Nov 8 • .
l' WARREN POINT, Nov. 4.-Elizabeth ' f f ' * *
, Smith, rom Glasgow or MEETINGS OF CREDITORS., ~, ~ .. '....
There is a better feeling in our Butter market this week and
Nor strawberries, blushing wild as rich, In Punch's paunch and pointed hat ; 3d. THE RIGHT OF PRIVATE JUDGMENT. tive-actual-palpable," laying a stress on each expression. Cardiff, struck on Carlin,.ford last evening, and now lies nearly • • • • f' h Noy.
prices may be noted Is to 2s higher Crane inspected Bel ast as . - • . . nowt
-As fruits of sunniest clime ;- By children's tawdry taste array'd First, now, the UNITY OF THE CHURCH. You know what "My project unites all these qualities," said the stranger. covers dat low water e 14. P. W. Smith, (Ist)
touched 955. Pickled Butter is firmly held at 888.-Provisions are Clarendon Rooms, 1
How all is altered for the worse, With rags, red, and ochre's aid ;- a fuss is made about education; Your children, they savonest ~ Well, then, let us have it, without further preliminanes," Jean Graham•. Thorntonafrom Mauritius at London rather higher, the demand is. however, at present only to a retail s 5. Benjamin Parnham, (fin div ) Bankrupts' Court, Loudon, al
Since I was in my prime! " Something to burn the Guy !" they cried, be brought up in the unity of ihe Holy Catholic Church. said the other. Beiram, hence fur Constantinople. was spoken in Ist 49, long 8 extent for ship stores.-Bacon goes off wlth tolerable freedom at IS. John Leigh Clarendon Rooms, II
While rang the street with laughter wide. They give you the Board of Education for your children.
... The fact is," said the projector, " that the matter is of Catherine M•Donald, hence for Richibucto, was spoken 7th Oct. 46s to 485.-Hams very scarce and wanted. • 13. William Bolderston, (final div Ditto
---esse--- New, look at your bishops. in lat •i 6, long 64 15. Buchanan, Laird and Co. (fur. div.) ..... s.. lsitto - n's• 12
.
It. . so delicate a nature, that I ant obliged to prepare you for my Xylon, hence for New York, was spoken 6th October, in lat 48, a l5. John Wright, (div.)
TH E PAGE. Dr. Mac Hale denounces the board, and he denounces Dr. ~ i,,
propose . long 38 LIVERPOOL AGRICULTURAL MARKET, Noy. 7.
And this poor seare-crow mark for fun .
- Murray for presiding at it. . " I think I can guess that it relates to an insurance com- Wilkinson. hence for Maranhain, was spoken 290. October. in .
Is the sole memory left of ONE s. d. s. d. a. d. s. d. .
BY THE AUTHOR oF "THE PROVOsT OF BRUGES," &C. Mr. Slurray, on the other side, attacks Dr. Mac Hale; pi 0- nany. What is it you propose to insure, Monsieur ?" lat sa, 'wig 7 Old Hay 0 10'31 2 41,•201b Potatoes .... 283 2 - , PRICES OF SHARES, LIVERPO.OL, Noy, :11., •
Who-granting all that party rage fesses to refute all his arguments; he produces Dr. Crony Queen of the South, Gillarcl hence, at Newfoundland
- " Since I must speak positively, my plan is to insure mar- New Hay O7l 0 - Cattle Ditto.. 232 5 - Last Prices This day's
• It was deep tnidnight, and the stars shone bright .
Ilas penn'd in history's doubtful page- and Dr. Denvia to his aid ; and he says he- has the majority riageable girls against the great evil of their existence- N•v •• i v •ns
s erht id, Le.a. ~ hence. at Ostend Clover Hay O7O 10 - Turnips 25 027 Oper ton. RAILWAYS, &c. eerShare. Prices.
If but one moment's dread delay of the hierarchy with him ; so, by his confession, it seems a Hylton, Bosah , aarah, Watford ; 'Norfolk, Curle; Brnnswick, Straw, Wheat 0 81 0 9t -- Carrots
Over bold Sir Julian's halls; against being l 1 •'d "
0 ( ROI S. 000 0 - Birmingham and Gloucester .. 30 paid 17 10 0 ....
Porter • Phoenix, Towson ; Alexander Sevin, 'NMI': Gregory Straw, Oat ... 0 7 0 g --a- alanglt•wurzle 0 0 0 0 .
Gave stern resolve its fatal sway, body of them, though fewer, ismith Dr. AlacHale. - Ditto and Derby
But the revel's din still sounded within, " Huin-m-in,' ruminated the man of wealth again fix- • Rogoslo'ff, Tuliff ; Superb, Widgreen ; and Liebe, Lindstrom, hence straw. Barley 0 6 0 7 - Sfanure
Had blotted with hell's deepest dye 150 not send your children tO the schools, says Dr. Mac- 709 0 - Birkenhead and Chester
Aud shook the hoary walls; ing round him his robe-de-chambre, which the slight irrita- at Revel Clover - Bolton and Leigh lOO paid 64 10 0 -..-..
For the Knight drank•deep, while the world was asleep; . The sun in the affrighted sky, Hale; you have-Heretics, Lutherans, Calvanists Socinians, tion of the moment had displaced, " the idea is ingenious." Pooae, Nov. 4.-George Canning. Bowles, hence for Liverpool. _
And left the thunder-shaken earth has put back leaky, and it is s•xpected must discharge 7-
He drank with his lemans fair ;- deciding on the translation and interpretation o'f scripture, " You perceive that the natural desire, which must arise in Dublin and Drogheda
A name to wit her up her mirth, MILFORD, Nov. 4.-Durine the heavy gale last evaning the Bel- LIVERPOOL CATTLE MARKET, Nov. 5..
And he turned, in his joy, to the pale young boy and allowed equal power with the infallible Church of Christ eve ,I.i ' b t••hi• Ft • • .11 hn •line her to in-
-oad y s OSODI 0 Wool ce 1 WC). ,WI I t Eastern Counties •10 .... 9, 0 0 .... 9 0 0
As long as Fear shall fetter slaves- lona, of Greenock, drove foul of the Mary Marsden, from I.i- Th
That waited beside his chair. in providing instruction for your children. sure, and the profits must be enormous." verpool for Trieste, and her anehor went completely through the e supply of Beasts at market to-slay has been considerably Edinburgh and Glasgow lO .... 45 0 .... 97 6
Or round white Albion ocean raves. This is not tolerable, so don't send your children to the .. - smaller than that of last week, and the quality principally only Ditto Leith & Newhaven 5 paid 00 0 ...
As the wine be quaffed, with that page he laughed ;- I es, that's clear enough; but how will you manage the latter, under the main chains. She immediately made so much
Dreadful enthusiast-in whose crime, schools, says Dr. AlacHale. middling • the few that were of good qunlity were soon sold 1m • Olaseow Pei ley & G k 6 .6 0 0 •
!enure ..... :, •• • •
He laughed at his sister's shame !- rate ofinsurance ?" water that she Was run on shore to arevent her sinking in deep but in pkee there is no alteration from our last quotations. We Gl " . ps• 1-,- '
As fiercely sinful as sublime, Do send your children to the schools, says Dr. Murray. 1 ~ • asgow, am ey, Kilmer-
And the fair boy smiled-for how should a•child rh6t niust be graduated according to the beauty, for- water. Will commence discharging to-morrow.-The Agnes. of have also bail a limited supply of Sheep for the season of the year, nock, and Ayr 1 5 paid 00 0 ....
Dull sensless centuries seetn to see watch against these' hesetics; they and I agree in the plan of
sWaiterford, drove foul of the Ps•lham, from Liverpool for Mars
tune, and talents of each. 'rhe chances of oldnitaidhood and prices much the same as last week. Good Beef sold at 51d, Grand Junetion IDO ..: 200 ne a .....200 0 0
Know aught of maiden's fame? But theme for gibes and mockery- education, and in the extracts; if there was anything wrong els eies
.I;kthe,a ladtterj(tesdtislxlw:trks, stanchions, and covering boards middling sd, and ordinary 40. Good Wether Mutton sold at 61d. Ditto half shates
cannot be the same for all, nor do I propose to insure all e_ 10 .... 52 10 , 0 ....
Yet they two had grown together as one, To me that mime grotesque has brought in them, I would immediately blot it out: so .do send yuur ;mLune L ar"e• a ' i
except a few wh eh were of very superior quality and large size at Great Western
for Use same age; one mayStbe fixed at twenty, another at Celia% 3Biacnk 65 78 10- 0 ....
. otherm,ton; Jessie: Ford, and Ocean,
Till she fell to that man of guile; A weight of sad aud solenan thought, - children to the schools, says Dr. M urray. 7.1, middling and Ewes 'sld to 6d, inferior sd. 'the market, upon Hull and Selby
And she now rests her head on a clay-cold bed- twenty-five, and a third even so late as- thirty-five. If, after Douglas, hence at Miramichi 10 paid .. 0 sOs 0 .... -
Black with the sense of countless years, Now, here is a practical question-here is a question for the whole. may be considered a tolerably brisk one. and there were Lancaster and Preston io paid
Ohl 't is strange that her brother can smile! the eipiration of the tenn agreed on, the lady remains with- Hannah, Adams, from Bahia, at Hamburg het Beasts or Shee left unsold. Number of Cattle ' •• •
Thro' which, amid its bonds and tears, you to decide, and decide you mnst. Here is no unity-here out a husband, the indemnity-inust.be paid, and this will con- Rosebank, Fitzsimmons, fzom Quebec, at Belfast hut few of eit e Liverpool and Manehester lOO .... 204 0 0 e.d.
at market-Beasts 1410, Sheep 4575. • Ditto quarter shares
" Come, fill me a cup ! Sir Page, fill it up, . Mid every curse flagitious king, . Is flat contradiction, and that on the education of the Roman talon: a fortune, vt hich it - • •11 bt . f h tl '
1 many cases wi o am or er te /
Argus, Vautier, from Gaspee, at ditto __a - Ditto half shares , ..... ... 30 ..S. 72 10 0 ..:: 72' 0 "-0 '
While I drink to the fair and kind: And sworded fraud on millions fling, Catholic children of Ireland. Will you send your children partner she desires." • dea, Pennington, from Quebec, at ditto London and Birmingham .... 90 .... 174 10 0 ....
Devon, Deitch, from Newfoundland. at ditto PRICES oF TIMBER AT LIVERPOOL.
Yet methinks 't were not ill they should taste who fill, A trampled people's mournful song to the schools, or will you not ? " But will the Company reserve to itself the power of act- Diana. Miller, from Quebec, at Drogheda Ditto aew quarter allures .. 5 .... 30 0 0 ....
Lest mischief should lurk behind!" Arose-" Oh, Freedom's God-how long?" If you do, you denounce Dr. Mac Hale and the church, and ing in any way it may deem advisable, to procure husbands Rose M'Croom, Evans, from Quebec. at Waterford DUTY. Ditto ansl Southampton .... 50 .... 49 0 9 ....
His smile never failed, his eye never quailed, Wild fancies, too, of woodland scenes, you follow Dr. Murray and his piebald principles of com- for the insured before the term fixed on ?" Jane. Collin, from Richibucto, at Beaumaris, leak, and with Wood, Deals, 120 Stan. M. duty paid. Ditto, new shstres '2o paid 42 5 0 ....
As the brim to the lip he pressed: An antique study dim, where leans promise. foremast spruna
" Most assuredly ; the Company of course cannot renounce eer. . - s• . Archangel .. £lB 0(aIS to Ditto & Brightan (United) .. 14 .... 11 .8 6 :... II 10 0
Freely he quaffed of the sparkling draught, O'er Sallust's page or Curtius' tale If you do not, you denounce Dr. Murray and the board, Isai,iu_saulasen Duy ts, from Ostend for this port, at Fahnouth Memel l6 10 -18 0 Not above 16 ft. Leeds and slatichester .40 .... .58 0 o ....
any means of bringing about its °eject, but must employ all Leieester and Swannington.... 50 .... 74 10..0 ....
And Sir Julian drained the rest. A lonely dreaming youth, whose pale and you follow Dr. Mac Hale and the true principles of your which may seem advantageous; in fact, the indemnity will jaalha, lAlired on, from Dalhou!ie, at Lancaster Gothenburg l5 10 -16 0 Foreign £l9. Ditto, (new) l5 paid ~0. 0 0 ....
" Ilst y Page, why so pale-do thy senses fail? And thoughtful beauty, glorious brow, . church. y, Watson, from Cuba, at Swansea Wyburg -- a- --- B. Plan. £2. .
scarcely ever be required to be paid, and that is the reason Edmund, VVodehouse, Fuller, from alarinapole, at Standgate Petersburgh l5 10 -17 10 Not above 21 ft. !Manchester, Bolton, 3s Bury.. 78 .... '7O LI 0 .... 70 10 0
What ails thee, boy ?-thou art ill !"- Yon urchin-mob so libels now. Which are you to choose? Whom are you to follow? why the speculation is so splendid." . Creek Planks, per foot of 2 in. thick Foreign £22. Manchester and Birmingham.. 13 .... Il 15 0.. a.
His eye is less bright, and his lip more white, W. Which of these infallible divines is God, and which is Baal? o Yes, I see that there must arise some gains." The barque Ida Maria, --. hence for Revel, passed Dunne: - Dantzig, Deck -0448. P. £2 10s. Ditto and Ditto Extension.. 3 10s 413 0 .... 52 6
But that smile plays around it still. Be far from me the wish to plead Will you all agree when your archbishops are divided ?Is o.
~
Immense profits and not a single lase" interrupted the Head 27th ult. British American, Pine O2lO 2i , Midland Counties
Newcastle and Carlisle 100 ...a 92 10 0 ....
And his dim, dim gaze, on Sir Julian stays ;- One thought extenuant of his deed- Leinster to follow Dr. Murray, and Connaught to follow Dr. liutza •
advocate of the Ilea I h h '
• nsurance Company, seeing tat is Th • Gibson, cleared at Marseilles on the 28th ult. and the Lathwoocl, per fathom.
ree Sisters, Leard, on the 29th, both for this port Danzig, 4 feet £9 0- 10 0 £4ss. Ditto quarter shares
What may its meaning be? 'Twas death-deserving-failure, fame, Madiale ? ' • host was balancing towards the project: "If an insurance is Charlotte, _of Whitehaven, sunk near Puffin Island and British American - 6 0 15s. North Midland
" Sir-Julian, prepare, thou bast taken tby share - To him, the self-doomed, was the same- . You must choose between these belligerents, for the very effected against death, nothing can hinder persons from dying• Instant ;
. crew saved Mahogany. per foot of 1 inch thick. South Eastern and Dover
Of the poisoned cup with me !" ' pretence of unity is absurd. To the schools your children 0 5 - 0 91 £1 10s. North Union, lOO ...- 7410 0 ....
• Seized or successful, still he knew if it is made against' fire, how can you prevent houses from The schooner Walter Scott, -, from Quebec for this port, Honduras
Wild is the ere that rises on high- • •
His life for life was justly due- must go, or from them they must stay. Let them put what burning .if you insure against perils of water, how can ship- was epoken in lat. 36, long. 49, out It; days, all well Cuba - 010 ) -
Xs 10s. St. Helen's and Runcorn Gap -100 paid 0 0 0 ...• •-na . '
an ,
imposture they please on you after this, but the fiction of unity Beiram, Woolner, hence for Constantinople, was spoken in lat. St. Domingo - 1 6 3 York and North Midland 2O paid 19 15 0 .... 7:
Terrible, sail, and wild; He fail'd and perished; and no less s wreeks be put a stop to s But insuring against re. BANKS
49, lon • 8 Oak Platnks, British American.. none 153 load.
is gone in Ireland for ever. •
As the vengeance is felt to be fearfully dealt But with this difference-dying, then, maining single, all you have to do is to marry off as quickly The Dalhousie Castle, Murray, from Miramichi, at this Teakwood, cubic feet - -10 s• Royal Bank of Liverpool ....500 .:. '7lO '0 0 ....
Now, secondly, as to the interpretation of the Scriptures, port, !Link of Liverpool £l2 10s paid 23 12 6 .... ,
From the hand of that feeble child. As one endear'd to daring men, as possible your cust "
omers. sailecll3th ult. On the Ist instant, in lat. 50, long,. 16 30, spoke Stavesaper 1200.
I beseech a ou, my friends, see how these spiritual impostors .. - Commercial of Liverpool 10 .... 20 5 0 ....
, But its work is done : for the rising sun Who sealed the cause for which he stood I suppose that the Company will take care to have always tbe Malclutha, of London, under jury foremast and boa • •t d Danzig, Common Pipe
%spa . an £l4O 0 - -
deceive and blind you. i . - Liverpool Union lO .... 13 0 0 ....
Saw the Knight in his plutned pride, (Nor more could Brutus) with his blood. at its disposal a numberof gentlemanly bachelors of good cha- short of bread. Same day. at 4 p.m. spoke the Great Western, Hhd. 65 0-70 0 Not above 36 in.
- Northern and Central-. . 10 .... 3 2 6 ...
They have both sworn a solemn oath to the Pope, which (styamen front Bristol for New York ; wind N.W. moderate Quebec, red 14 inch
Lie stark and pale, 'mid his followers' wail, He failed, and o'er his memory years racter and education, physicians, surgeons, literary meu, bar- - Albion 23 paid 25 10 0 ....
oath they give you in the sbape of a creed, that they wilt WRECK OF TIIE LADY' CHAR( OTTE.-Extract of a letter from Thick, and 51 feet ...... .. 45 0-60 0 B. Plan. 2s.
A corse by the fair boy's side. Fly scoffing now with brutal jeers, ristere • haat d • t•fi •I 't lay
~ mem s, an men 1 c men, o tont i n emPloY Mr ' Northand South Wales lO .... 10 .2 6 .... 10 2 6
never receive the S'acred Scriptures in any other sense than ' . fhomas Court, of Liverpool, dated
.yesterday ;-" I have re- Lona - of Manchester lO ; ... 13 2 6 .... '
Until of Faction's martyr lives tO gain the hearts of those who are to be married ?' eeiyed a letter frem Captain Maelcie this morning, in which he Ditto:Puncheon ... l4 0-18 0
• --- - - No thought but what yoy puppet gives ! hat which t eir holt ld 1 hld
t h y mother the church has he aid does o . " That is an indisnensible condition ofsuccess, and I intend speaks in very sanguine terms of being alile to save the s T I b* • f t
pecie im ter, per cu ic oo . - hrchester & L'pool Dsct 15 .... 2tr• 10 ..0 .... .
.
CONTEMPORARY PRESS. iv. Now I have o d b ' •• •
t 1 you ill many pu !mations that this is a pal- takina on myself the care of that particular duty. from the Lady Charlotte, with the assistance of of a diver. Ile Oak - 3s Od - South Lancashire 7 lOs 70 0 .... s' • .
, pable falsehood, a base imposture put upon you, and that .. rr
le, ell, then, I am •our man. Let the matter'rest between
a has discovered the wreck among the rocks, and thinks at low Pine, B. American, common .. I 41- -10 s. Liverpool I3anking Company lO .... 11 0. 0 . a.a. IS 17-16
_ norough Sank
.
ANTI-CORN LAW AGITATION. Fore•doomed One! in that frightful hour every•priest in your chuich knows it to be an imposture, So us two ; no noise, no puffing, nothing but secresy, activity, ~
yv .al tt
ee
ir during spring tides there will not be more than twelve feet red l- 2 0 per load. Commercial Bank of England 5- .. 510 0 ... 'S n ..- . . -
,
That gave thee fetter'd up to Power; neither Mr. Maguire, nor any one of them, would ever dare and cleverness. Get the bond of partnership prepared, and . yellow - 1 9 - a 4:.,,,,,Mit.
East of England - 10 .... 9to 0 ...,_ a
Danzie, middlina 2 2 - 2 6
4
(From the Morning Herald.) Wheu round thee throng'd with aspect fell to stand before you and give their church's interpretation get the act constituting the Society duly passed through the -
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 7.-Wind S.S.E. to S.S.W. Memel, middling 2 2S- 26 t £2lss ita load. Phcenix Bank •10 .... 912 6 .....s.'"'"
A band of schemers has been busied, for some time The slaves scarce half-escapen from hell- even of one book in the Bible ; there is no such thing, aud Wilts and Dorset lO .... 7. 0 0 ...assn.. '• " . .
.• proper forms. lam willing to adv;nce 800.000 francs, WlliCh ARRIVED.-.lohll. Heselton, from Quebec. Riga, red - 2 6
past, in organising a system of agitation against the Prepar'd, with smiles, to stretch for thee they know there is not, though they thus enslave you aud shut SAILED.-Navigator, Ketelboter; for Stettin-and St. Sebastian,
will be amply sufficient fur the capital. You, on the other ---------- --- - _
:.corn laws. The simplicity with which, at times, the The rack's delirious agony-. up the Bible frotn you on this ground. hand, will throw into the stock your zeal and activity, and Glover, for Rio Janeiro.
IRISH PRODUCE AND MANUFACTURE. Exchange Buildings
L'poo I and Harringtqn Water 1350
...„
£lOO paid 163 0 0 . .. -, :.; -..
' more noisy agents of the system betray the motives What, more than all the thousand pangs Now, mark these two infallible guides, who have both the profits shall be divided. 1 • • 1 - • ' -
act generous y, as you maY Tam o'Shanter, Sumpton, Itere,e at Montreal Works
DuBLIN, November. B- -. 482 10 0 .... t-^ . -
That round thee bare their ghastly fangs, sworn this oath. Observe the fact :-
'.l:tjs WhiCh their employers are animated, is amusing, perceive." . Abeona, Grant, hence at St. John N.B. BRICK-Tullamore per thousand 30s to 325. County Dublin 32s !scale vino , „,_
....
Stock 320 0 0
, Shook thy calm soul and cloudless brow, These Scripture lessons, extracts and comments, translated, The young man took his leave, exceedingly satisfied with • Albion, Forrest. hence at Mirsimi,chi to 365. Liverpool Coal GasCompanyStock .... •37a 0 0
and not uninstructive. That never shook or shrunk till now ?* as Dr. Murray tells you, fresh from the Hebrew and Greek, his visit, and springing into his cabriolet returned to Paris. Columbia, Bartlett, and Sarah, Hunter, hence at Newfoundland BEEF-Per tierce India, £0 Os to £0 Os ; prime mess, .£5 lOs to •• • .
L'peolo NNe:vw(!as & Coke Co. £lOO .... • 196 0 0 ~.. sans!, '
:. ,At Manchester, more especially, there has been Not thoughts of how thy spirit toil'd and not even from the Vulgate as approved by the Council of Iu a few days he brought the necessary papers, and the mat- Stortissia, Hamann, hence at Copenhagen £5 12s 6cl; plant mess, £2 lOs to £2 15s ; barrels £3 lOs to £3 15s. Ditt Shares arc aow paid up.
ASSURANCE CONIPANIES.
formed an Anti-Corn Law Association ; and this as- Untired-devoted, to he foil's! ; Trent-translated, trio, by a Scotch Calvinist, a heretic, and ter was speedily concluded. After Ai. Lebrun had signed Gouardaiara Copper, from Bahia, at Cukharen BicoN-Per cwt. 44s to 555: heavy 45s to 465; pigs' cheeks 38s. Liver I 1 •
poo a tame Assurance
.-sectation has employed a spouter, named Paulton, to Not the sad presage that the land approved of by another heretical bishop, aud by a Socinian and returued them to the young speculator, he addressed him ..SArtni. altiter;is.(frLt: Rio Jaiseiso, at ditto to 428 ; hams 52s to 345; pork per barrel 85s to 90s ; tongues per Company 125 paid 90 0 ....- -•- --a
..
h at Hamhurgh firkin 35s to 365.
Which dream'd of freedom at trq hand heretic, who denies „the divinity of our Lord Jesus Christ. Ocean Assurance Company ... 10 -.a 610 0 ... asa
perambUlate the country, and to reiterate the doll and thus : Ophelia, Foreman, hence at Riga BUTTER-First per cwt. Os to Os ;in cools 8d to 10d per lb. Liver F' •
pool ire and lafe
~ s n
Was left but deeper now to pine These are sound and proper extracts, notes; and comments .` Monsieur, you are now Director of the new Cotnpany, Albion; Johnson, from Quebec, at Cork, after being,on shore firkin, gas to 88s.
shaliow. common-places on which the enemies of Eng- DOCKS FERRIES NEW COMPANIES & ' •a's
• Beneath the curse of "Right Divine." from the Scriptures for your children, says Dr. Murray, and and I need scarcely say that I wish you success. To prove near the Light-house, but got off with trifling damage CANDLES-Patent mould, 98 ; plain mould, 6s ; dipt, 7s per dor.
lisliingsicultare trade. At Bolton this worthy deli- No, 'twas that maddening sense which told he recommen•ls thetn to you, and so does Dr. Crotty, and to you, however, that 1 really have deeply at heart the suc- Hartlepool's?, Rose, from Quebec, at Limerick. with loss of bul. FEATHERS-From the country per stone, 8s to 10s ; white Ils Anderton 'Carr • ' . ' c*. ..-- '''
Woodside Ferry
tong Com an 12 10s. 11 10 0.. an"
p y
25 .... 00 0 ~.., ';',
vered a lecture a few days ago, in which, as reported, - That still as age's onward roll'd, . so does Dr. Denvir. Here you have the ehurch's decision. f • l• Con I intend commencing the business .vc• '
cess o our specu a 1 , 'arks and ar
gales p tof deck load, having experienced very heavy to 14s ad ; mixed 7s to 9s. Egremont Ferry
'may be fciund some admissions of a very curious kind'. Thy cause long
.quell'd, the bigot's pen in favour of this triterpretation of the Scripture, for if they myself by insuring my daughter. She shall be the first to Gtue-Per cast 60s to 655.
Ann Itlondell, Rt - 1 . • • • •
0 tens, lence for Demerara, at Be aumans 2nd Gaass-Wtne and porter quarts per gross 34s ; ditto pints 30s ; Rock Ferry
Alone would paint thee unto men, receive themselves, much less give to you, this sense of these figure in the list of young ladies insured to obtain a husband. -instant - - • Monk's Ferr
Let the following be taken as a specimen:- ditto half pints 22s ; Imperial quarts 42s ; ditto pints 335. 2 per Steam Tu Cy
g ompany
... , With each dark tint that ready lie parts of Scripture different from the chutch's sense, these Fill up the blanks of the printed form. Kyle, Fletcher.from Calcutta, at Gravesend cent. off for breakage.
- "•The lecturer then gave a detail of the injurious effects of And fact-distorting baste supply, bishops plainly violate their solemn oath to their church. " Age ?" demanded the Director. Nereid, Atkins, from Odessa for this port, at Torbay Harrinaton Docks
HIDES AND SKINS.-Salted hides per cwt. 30s to 31s ; ditto calf A a • , 80 .... 65 10 ,t) .... . -
Lite sugar and coffee monopolies, and argued that the destruc- Until thy once' fair name should be . Now mark, per. contra. , These same Scripture lessons, " Seventeen." Gazelle, Alford, from Hamburg for this poi t, otr the Wigh t
Fay i R skins 3d to 31d per lb. pothecaries Company
• -• ~
Asphalte (Liverpool)
tioarof the corn monopay would bring the landowners into op- On eat•th a monstrous memory, translations, extracts, notes anti comments,. are in Dr. ." Name and surname ?" our te, oe, from Poole for this pott. at Portsmouth sth LEATHER-Per lb. British lld to 16d; native light 104 to ald;
instant, with loss std• jib-boom, Ste. and sailed for Cowes ditto 421 b. to 4511). per hide, 14d to 15d ; ditto •481 h. to 501 b. 15d
peition to every other kind of monopoly.' A hissing, a reproach, and last, NlacHale's judgment abominable and vile-exhibiting, as he n• Eupheinia Lebrun." . .
Chieftain, Anderson, from Danzic for this port, at Elsinore, with to 16d ; calf skins IBd to 22d per lb. slitters ditto 144 to 15td ; ' ' ' seamiseismen -Ss
' The landowners of England are, really, deeply in- Yon baby's bug-bear that has past. asserts, the " latest spirit of the Calvinist," and calculated to. " Face ?" pemps choaked. and must discharge k ips. 1 rish. 19d to 21d ; English 22d to 26d ; cordovan Ital to 20d; THE WORKHOUSE.
debted to the ingenious Mr. Poulton, and-to his honest v. undermine the faith of yourselves and your children-here o Decidedly pretty." Kilmarnock, Eceleston, hence for Neweastl e, at Bowmore, Islay, bellies 9il to 10(.1. Prices upwards. •
• you have this decision against this interpretation of the Scrip- " Tnients ?" leaky, and part of her cargo thrown overhoard LEAD.-Pig per ton £l9 ; sheet £2l; pipe £23100 i shot £24. . '
patrons! The aim-tlie avowed aim-of the anti- Yet haply higher feelinys came, Statement of the average number arid exPense of pourers in
ture. If Dr. Mac Hale did not -reject it, thinking it, as he, o Music, drawing, dancing, horticulture." Henry Alexander. Pylse, from Barletta for this port, at Fal- osas-nape refined per cwt. 4as ; brown rape 40s; turpentine the Workhouse • -
corn lavt, faction is, not merely to rob and ruin land- Mingled with that "soul stifling shame," does, contrary to the sense of the church, he would plainly " Fortune ?" mouth, a ith part of her cargo (wheat) thrown overboard, and loss 75s to 80s ; 'linseed 32s to :153.
of bulwarks, &e. for the week ending • •
Paupers. F Head. Per Ifeek•
Fir Pisgah' prospects of a time RAPESEED-14s to 15s per cwt. Oct. 27 1838
owners and farmers, but after having ruined them, to violate his solemn oath to the church. " All I possess when I die, and 800,000 fraucs on the day Lockwoods. Sproule, from St. John, Is. laid. a _ ..£161...-0 a 4
When, slowly brightening out of crime, N.B. for this port, at Mil- SLATES-Queens. tons, sized, 50s ; tons, 355; quarters. in lengths; Oct. 28' 1837 - • 'l5O l• a 6
convert their desperation into the instrument of ruin- Dr. Murray, on kis oath to his church, sifts these books, of her marriaee." ford, with loss of sails, quarter-boat, and 18 fe,t, water in her hold 50s ; half ditto 23s ; commons las : duchesses Ists £9 les ; 2ds '
A better raee of men would rise -
examines, approves, sends them out under his seal to you a •
l'hat willito, Monsieur." Melantho, Simpson, from Cuba tor Cork, at Milford, vvith loss .£'7 lOs ; countesses, Ists. .£6 ; seconds, 90s • ladies, Ists, 33s ; -
ing everfother class, whose possessions or privileges Beneath freed England's bracing skies, Less 61 More 02f hlore 10 /210
of foremast. bowsprit, &c.
and your children, as not contrary in anything to the sense .. You may fix the rate yeurself, and the age at which the ands, 40s, doubles, 30s; and mosses 80s per thousand.
may remain to be an object of desire to Mr. Paulton's Whose theughful spirits still would pause, • ..
Wm. Waters, Roe, from Havana for London at as s oken 29th S ALT Perton 48s to 56s - -
in which the church receives the Scriptures. indemnity shall be paid," said the father proudly, as he Statement of daily relief paid outatloor poor the week enrling
Sept. in lat 30 3 I 81 3 •th 1 fb 1 1 ' d 7P• - - ' ' * •
. , ong. ,wi oss o u war is, an feet water SOAP-White per cwt. 38s to 40s 04 ; yellow 20s to 25s 04. Nov. 5, 18:13
paymasters. The landed " monopoly" is, in the first And, mournful, question of' thy cause ; Dr. Macliale, on his oath to his church, denounces them thought; of the charms of his only daughter. in her hold 2,167 families, per week, 1:243 4 7
STAR cH-40s per cwt. Nov. 6, lall 2093 do.. do. 251 15 5
place, to be pulled down, and then the ex-monopolists And love to trace some spark ill thee as pernicious tracts, and declares that a note in the very last a • - s
Chere is eyery.reason to hope that Mademoiselle liluplie- Starling, -, hence for Quebec, was spoken in lat. 47,10ne
. . Of' that immortal energy . r, per ozen sto as.
. TILES Flo6rlll. d 4 '
of land are to be made useful, after the fashion in number goes to affect one uf the sacraments of your church- mia will have no claim On us for the indemnity," said the 49 - - ---
Which bade, of 'old, limparchus know TALLOW-Melted per cwt. 56s to 60s; bladdered lard 62s to 65s ; Less 26 Less 11 10 10
which Mr. Poulton himself now aspires to be useful- For what a despot's myrtles blow- confirmation. young partner, as he collected his papers and depa i ted. B RAI:MARIS, Nov. 3.-The /Elus, Sellis, hence for London, has rough ditto 40s to 425; fat per stone 4s 6d to 4s 10d. -
- • Now, since both these most reverend combatants have As he passed throug 1r the beautiful pleasure grounds whicl been condemned as unseaworthy TOBACCO-Roll per lb as 4d to 4s. -
useful, that is to say, in the way of depriving other Men who could plead:ler him who (lave • 1 NEW YORK Oct a 0 -The Octorara Deean from I iver 00l for W • • 00 I • .11 6LdtoasOd • n w 6s
p ILISKET. L - mperial aa on, s I , e 4d to LIVERPOOL DISPENS,ARIES. .
sworn the came oath, and both conspire in unity of impesture surrounded the villa, in order to reach his cabriolet, which pi . l h'• ' .' - . ' ' • ' • ' •
men of their utility, of their social value. All " mo- Life's glorious sunshine for the grave ; upon you, as to make you repeat in your creed the same he had directed to wait for him at the gate of the park, he off without damage, after
allude p la, was on shore on Stoney Point 14th instant, hut got Gs 6,1 In bond 3s to 3s Gd
nopolies," in short, are destined to destruction-ex- And, pondering o'er that priceless cost thing they swear, natnely, that you will only receive the Sa- perceived a young and lovely girl in the midst of the flowers, Nestor, Veitch, from Dernetara for Charleston, experienced from Straw Is
discharging part of her cargo. The SM.ITHFIELEi HAY atAn'ene.....Ha3 is 2d to 28 5d • Number of nets patients entered on thebooks of the Dis - 'l.s
per cwt., pensart
• Which, gain or grieve he might, he lost. 3d to Is 6d per ditto. -.' duriag the last week:-
cepting, we presume, the " monopoly" on which Mr. cred Scriptures in that sense which your Holy Mother the ..
on which she Was lavishing her cares. Unaware that any 3 ti
25th to 9th It. a succession of gales and hurricanes, from S. E. SPITALFIELDS.-Sept.27.-Baeon per cwt. 48s to 55s : Hams 545 North. South. Total
His hapless country's rights to win- to N.W. ; irs about
Paulton's employers thrive! Would, !:y her slavery, weigh his sin. S Church has held and does hold, I. think your own plain com- person was near. she was singing a little air whi'ch Citili lat 32, sprung a leak, lost all her masts. and to 565; cheeks, 38s to 49s (ld ; cool butter 9d to 10d; firkin 84s to Received advice and medicine at the Insti-
• mon sense, which is always found most consonant to true re- Darnourcau had made fashionable, as she tied up the flowers her beam ends and abandoned b • the crew which 90s • bleddered a a '
was thre7 „ts , 1 , 3, , • , ard, 6.„s to 6os. tution
The brief sentence which we have quoted contains *" B f h
e ore t e council he still displayed the same intrepid ligion, might lead you to ask yourselves the following plain or wateted them, where the heat had parch dth
e em up. Ihe
,__ have arrn cd a al anna i POULTRY NIARKRT, COLE'S-LANP..-Fowl per pair 2s ad to Visited at their own houses and supplied
an epitome cf the whole policy of free trade-its ends, firmness, mixed even with scorn and disdain, refusing to questions:- 3s 6d ; Chickens, Is Bsl to 2s Od ; ducks, as 04 to •2s 6.1. with medicine
young Director pauses! a moment to admire the slight but THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 8.-Wind W,-Soutli. Etta MARKET-Wholesale, 55 6d; retail, 5s 8d per 124. . - --
and the means by which these have been already par- discover his accomplices, and she wing no concern but for the If the church can tell the people the sense of the seriPs well rounded figure, the glowing colour, and beautiful hair of ARRIVEO.-North Briton, , from al iramichi-Columbu• Po•raao MARKET.-Pinkeyes, 2s 4d to 2s sal ; Cups, 2s Od to Total at each Dispensary
tiallv attained, and by which they hid fair, at no dis- failure of the enterprise."-H UME. tures, can she not tell it as well to Dr. Munay and Dr. Mac the Young person. " This, undoubtedly," thottelit he "is Pen
-, treath, from Quebec-Margaret, Mills, from Alexanda 2s 4sl per cwt. VISITORS. .
1 Yet the historian, almost in a breath, ascribes to the Hale ?
tent period, to be fully worked out. The policy of . . the daughter of M. Lebrun. I have com:nenced most for- Egypt-Itebecca, , from TriesteEgidius, Duyts, from Os- BUTTER StAnxee-Per lb. ; cool. Rid to 10d ; fresh 9d to 10d. North-Mr. S. Barber, Rev. Moses Flatter, and Mr. W. F.
conspirator conduct very inconsistent with this characteristic If the church cannot tell our bishops the sense in which tend-Penelope. Luckie, from Smyrna and Milforu-S. America, FISH-Turbot, per lb. Is to Is 4d ; crimped cod, 5(.1 to 7,1; soles Macgregor. :s. -
t • I I No datteer of so fair a creature beina obli sett to
free trade, in short, is that policy which dictates the sue ey. es ~ .. e e
. B t • front New York ; sailed 20th ult. 114 to Is 2(1; lobsters, 2s to 4s 6d each; oysters. 4a Od to ss; fresh South-Mr Francis Jordan, Rey. J. Martineau. and the Rev. I.
account. But hew far any reliance is to be placed on ex- sh Id S ' f h 1 h • •1 ll '
eho s the cripture or t muse Yes, ow Cdll sle te it to demand her indemnity. tie cast another glance at the lady ars "' herrings, 4s 6d to ss-60 per laid. Aspinall.
sacrifice of one class of producers after another, in the pressions wrung forth by tile gentle examinatien of the rack them for us? - 1 tl teate ______ , ,
- and proceeded tower, sre , . •CoaLs-Whitehaven. 19s; Carlisle, 17s; Harrington, 18s; Scotch R. WEDGWOOD, Secretaran
Atlantie Seatle, hence at al iramichi
order which mav best suit the convenience of the idle and screw appeared to form no part of Hume's inquiry.l- If they cannot tell tbe church's sense of the Scriptures
. , , A fortnight had scarcely passed, when M. Lebrun returned Liverpoel, (steamer) left the Cove for New York, eth instant, at 29a ; Kilkenny 35s to 37s per ton. Dispensaries Office, 1, Fenwick-street, sth Nov. 1838.
consumers of society-and which dictates, moreover, Cup: .
'd why do they impose on us by pretending they can tell it to to his house in the Chausee d'Antin. It was his slaughter 9 a.m. with about 25 passengers. She had 700 tons of fuel 0n411444.41:4P44.44.0•4
----.111.-- 11 S.
the conversion of each of the ruined classes of pro- - who teased him into quitting the countrt .He was astonished Olive, Blanchard, from Bay Mahan. for Naples, was abandoned LATEsT DATES AT• LIVERPOOL. ' .
If they can tell the church's sense of the Scriptures, wh ia should sn suddenly- abandon in 111 P a 4
e tse • Oth ult. with 10 feet water in the hold, haviuglieen run AN ACCOUNT OF CATTLE,
ducers into the instrument subsequently of ruin to TRIAL OF ONE OF THE UN-HOLY BROTHER- Y that his dear Euphem
are the -now Pieta. hi th üblic ‘ s about it then her flowe s% ' ' - foul of by the North Star, from Liverpool for Philadelphia; crew ' Imported into Liverpool, from the 31st Oct. to the 6th Nov. ----
Direct. Indirect. Prom I Direct. Indirect.
Y . Ing 1 e P Pal.' le midst of the summer season, r , %Melt she keyed so .
other classes. Such has been the unfailing character HOOD OF AN ri-cuitisT FOR MURDER. selves? well. He naturally sought for some reasons for such a riv dat •
la ilrush FROM IREI.AN D. Calcntta ..
arSheeph al Ow •ns. from Newt at the Isle of Man, alter being Cows. Sheep. Pigs. Horses. Mules. Calves. Lambs. Bombay .. ..... aept... 12 Maranham Sept. .. 2 ... .
of the effects which have, for twenty years, followed (From the Statesman and Dublin Record.) If these Scripture extratts and comments of the Board of change, and more than once said to himself, "Is it possible on shi-iree,itaiond (to Latica'ster 3.! 1850 3133 5564 97 - 62 - Mauritius
We give at length the trial of the friar, Mr. "Joseph Previously9llB7 149185 1757;3 5154 236 552 28682 Lima ...
the march of whig political economy. The currency Education are. not according to thatesense which our HolY that she can n nence or other •have formed au attach- BetseY,`widdecOmbe, from London for this port, at Plymouth,
a soine c .
bill of 1819, for instance was a bill f-ramed for the ex-
., •-_two very sain:lv renomina-Carrick for
Jerome ~ • . p • ~ . .
Mother the Church ha- held d si s h ld h d•
b ,an ne o, ow are Dr. ment for some person at Paris?" At last be could no longer cargo shifted, having. been s' ruck by a heavy sea . COASTWISE. St. Helena.
press purpose of placing all the other classes of the horrible urder of a oor little Murree vitilate his oath, and send them out as enuiue for
the cruel anti most m p . . . . .. . g doubt that
the education of our children ? he had conjecture( _
1 riehtl -for her a t - '
Y gte ''''." loss
Sylph, Parrya- from Jersey, at Yarmouth, I. W. with damage, and COWS. Sheep. Pigs. Horses. Calves. Lambs. Rao.
23 447 265 18 10 - Bahia
1 s '1 1 1 t La I
1 o at s, iouro o . pots New York,Oct ....2s . ...... ,
d t 1" -e f rtr n
babe of two years old, entruste o iis cal o a s.. fled-her music drawing, flowers, were all neglected, and a Previously 4685 71602 6419 176 64 2089
community at the mercy of the moneyed class, and of ~ . If they are according to the sense of the church, how dare • ' -d I secret. But who could have i Mery, . , from the C;yde, at Nlaranham ______,
- 'on to a monastery. The case was tried at the tear sorneton es betray e ter o- Ellen, Gill, heoce and Madeira, sit Demerara - -• ^ •
.
'I'IDE TABLE. - •
the body of idle consumers. That bill deptived land- miss' . • Dr. AlticHale violate his oath and 'eject them, anti refuse the sa a:
spires, tots passion ? What opportunity was there for a Demerara Planter,
City Commission, before the new Roman Catholic se„,, of the church to us and to our children ? PACKET BOATS.-FA LMOUTII STATION .
owners of half their propert • nd ruined tens of
~ 3 gallant to press his suit ? He was determined to discover • Cambridge, Bursley, and Shaltspeare, Collins, hence off New Days. . i aim. Erin. I lit. . . .. . '
Chief Baron, Mr. Woulfe, and Mr. Justice Moore; If either Of them can know what is the sense of the church York 21st Oct. GENER AI. POST-OFFICE,. Nov. 6. .
, the mystery. "Sly dear Euphemia," said he, " you have i -- --- -
thousands of farmers and of respectable tradesmen.
'' Thomas Crisp, Bloom and Alexander Robertson Whale • H. M. FI. 14 . F. I. ' . .
That bill I d bl Itl -r of creditors
more t ran ou ec re pow e and the court-house, we understand, was tided with
• how can either of them keen their oath when the - swear to •
• - • ' Y become wonderfully serious. On what.can your thourshts be
hence at Odessa ' ' )'
slforas made . Ttiesda 6•1 130 1 53' 16 _0 -
4 tonks and friars, all, doubtless, much concerned for receive it only in that sense ? always occupied ? Win
et new sentiment can have taken Last Packets Next Pachets Y 1 Leonard. -, ,_,- . .
d roductive industry in all n
over debtors-and cripple p . If they cannot agree on wli ,
at the sense of the church is on Cors'air,
Sailed. Due. wednes. 7 t 218 2421 14 1 Saturn Sets 4h 53m even. .
the fate ot' "brother Joseph "in the dock. The case possession of your mind? Speak to me frankly; you know Emma; , bence at Constantinople 1:04Z. Thursday 8, 3 8 336 , 1•3 4 Venus risee 6h lam morn.
its forms, as no single le.gislative measure, perhaps, ' ~ ' ' their own oath, how can they tell it to us and our children, as hot d '- I I • •an you have seen some person who Eliza Sandars, Bully, hence at Syra, and cleared 13th Oct. for -
v eana ove )ou , c -- _ Friday 954 10 444, 11 0 Mararises lth 58h morn. .
was one of the most revolting and execrable it has they pretend tie must receive it in the Creed ? Cnnstantin le Holland
ever crippled productive industry before. has captivated your affections ? lf it is a proper match, you op Mon. & Thurs. Saturday 10 1 523 4 3110 10 Marsiae. Moniflibl3ni ni•
ever been
,our misfort I Burk
une to rea( . e, the infa- Are our poor children to receive one sense of the Scripture Faun • Palmar Easter ben • S - Hamburg & awed. Tues. & Fri.
The effects of the currency act did not, moreover, cannot doubt that I shall be only too glad to unite you to him _, 3' . m , ce at a 3 ra Tues. & Satur. Sunday 11 I 6 43 719,10 11 , 224 S. after Trina St. Martin
terminate with the direct change which it wrought in mous-the notorious Burke of Edinburgh-used to •ufallible euide in Connaueht and another sense
under an i , ..e. , . . - . • who will render you happy." a homes as Los:then), Heard, sailed from Marseilles, 31st Oct.
• and Antigone. Gibson, Ist Nov. both for Liverpool Lisbon
Madeira .. • •
the condition of the classes which gained by it. NO : Put his victims out of pain at once. He made • or the Scripture under another infallible guide in Lemster o
his ail h•h Ih • bl• b I • t
is wic o t ese can we e 'eve to et se arose o the NV 11 L. aII 1 acknow•ledee that Ido love " said m
e, t en, a ter, ,a , , , ~• ILFoRD. Nov. 5.-M ary Marsden, from Liverpool for Trieste' Spain Sr ihralt. .1. Oct. 29 ' Nor. 11. '• ••' - • - --- -• ' . ..
---
,
Euphetnia, With that timidity and hesitation which a young is discharging Malta and Greece.. 2nd Saturday • ...ocs. 29. BIRTHS. , '
the classes of producers who were crushed beneath the but he did not rolon the a o -
livelihood by murder ; , , p g g..
church? girl cannot free herself from, even when confessing the state -
influence of that measure became, of necessity, instru- • ~. ' ts ." h ut them out of the wa
nies_ of his subjec . . e p Y This is a good interpretation, says the infallible organ, Dr. of her affections to her own rattler. Mtideira
ments for the destruction of other orders of producers, as speedily as possible." But the friar, "Joseph Je- Murray. "A nd who is he ?" said M. Lebrun. . IjroOrlo I2ntereD for itoabing. Brazil &B. Ayres ench month Oct. 5. Nov. 23. Yesterday, the wife of Mr. Charles Marshall, of a son. •
. S I . l'k have been the effects of free
uc ), in i e manner, rome," false inter retation says the infallible euide Dr
insensible to the strongest appeal to the heart, This is a p ,s .
APHale. e , • " That is his secret as much as mine," replied the daughter (SINCE OUR LAST PUBLICATION.) America ...... ... Ist Wednes. Hope, Oct 6. • Skylark,Nov.lo
ward
c Jamtii L' . Ist eay of Lord Melville, Pigeon, .
• .
.
MARRIED. s - e s -
trade, and of the unrestricted use of machinery on the r hel less infanc deliehted in the act of
the cry o. p .. y, ~
Send your children to learn it, says Dr. Murray. with great tranquillity. " I cannot speak of it without his
a 1 Isl. & Ilaytt.. each month Oct. 3. NOY, 26. On the 17th ult. William, youngest son of the late Edward Rise'
condition of the hand-loom weavers. That body of cruelty, and with nothing. but murder i .
n his intent
' Don't send your children to learn it, says Dr. Maxi-10e. consent, but I will ask him wheu I see him tu allow me tu
declare his name." EAST INDIES, CAPE OF GOOD HOPE, &c, Laguira
Mexico nd Ila- e 15th (lay of 11.M.13 Penguin Swift, Esq. of Beaumarie, to Hester, eldest datig,hter of John Classoo'
producers-to the number of 800,000-has been sacri- destroyed by a slow, and lingering, and horrible fero-
.Follow me and the board, says Dr. Murray. British Merch. nt R Birnie 500 Botnbay
This reserve only excited the curiosity of Al. Lebrun, He a • ' 316 e 1• , . Langtrys &Co vane... ..••-•3 44 4' eh month. Oct. 17. Nov. 21. Esq. ,
ficed to the idle consumers of society ; and then, the cionsness. Well, after a good deal of thinking about he church says Dr Mac Hale
Follow me and t . 7 .
pressed his dauehter more and more to name 'her lover. Prankland, J Webb, a eutta, 13old & Starkey I i L d
f -ama-• -'war,l 15th slay of EI.M.R. Pandora Magnet, Same day, at Stretton, Mr. Jameri Pendlebury to • Elizabeth.
eldest daughter of Mr. Wm: Pilkington. Wi'derspool. ' •
he jur have found li•m guilty of neeravated man. Now, w ,
hat shall we do with .our children ?-shall we send At lt h ''' 1.. c• NEW SOUTH IVALES. c Isl. & HaYtt• each month.l Oct. 17. Dec. 10. On the 31st instant. nt Kirk alsoarhold, John Andrevre. Enl•
unfortunate hand-loonl weavers have been used as it, t . y ,
I - - '" ' h I• • the se ftt •h .h t 1 • • ht ' t
tem to eat n nse olecum , or u eain wais no as s e sal( , Ave me only three y ,
da •s arid I %via then
Formosa, G Toole, 535 Sydney, Brodie & Hamilton Carlitagena
agents in depressing the condition of every other class -r, _
slauehter. We are happy that justice has overtaken
• Hie sense of the church I conceal nothing from you." ' -
WEST INDIES AND MADEIRA. --.- of the late John Monk, Esq.
the wretch in the way of judg-ment-we hope it will 0 The next day the young Director of the new Insurance
of labourers. In • si wa nus sa i st h Bible on he ire e eha
ur 'sit ps r a_a n t e , t t tnc t t cs„ . .f• is t• m • , eto pm. avi't t h • J°'e
mirror) or romo ing arnage, cam .'esi 0. is phine, J Scott, 310 liarbadoes, T Lee &Co PREMIUMS OF INSURANCE AT LLOYD'S. On the Ist instant. at Bury, Thomas Williams, Esq. of Rio fie
So, again, the new poor law was framed, in order to not be arrested in the ishment We hone - . a
way of pun. . . ,- it le eangerous, foi that Protestatits cannot agree its the sense Acl• C i •bu w
partner. "Ohl my dear fellow," said M. Lebrun, when he a' -1' ' ' 58 Trinidad, T& 11 Murray -
LONDON & LIVERPOOL, Outward. Home. Sams. (lay, at Armthorpe, David Maude, Esq. stipendiary matlis:
. &teed to dis lay the 1 of it hut that we are safe if we submit to the sense of the
rob the labourer of the fair value of his labour ;-and, Lord Normanby will not be in , p . ea , .
saw
hint, " you would never guess-?" SOUTH AMERICA. (Sailing before 12th Jan.) -- trate at Manchester. to Marianne, slaughter of the late John ElLan
then, th h p f the schemers has been, that the de- nity of his government in this instance-we h p
eo e o lie church ; but here our own two archbishops cannot agree oil a -
: ci•
(:. h • hb f h • I •
t eir oat s e ure I e pub ic as to what is the sruse ot tne .. ,
s . Guess what ?" . • Thos. Battershy, - Leitch, 323 Pernambuco, J Battersby &Co
Laviaia, E Brown. 209 Rio Janeiro, %V &.1 Tyrer Jamaica •to •• • • •• • • .... .... son. Esq. of Doncaster, and widow of the late William Brieht. -bsq.
25s o,l'n Os Od 84s Od 0105 s 0 On the sth instant, at Walton-on-the-Hill, Mallard Harrison'
frauded labourer will assist them in defrauding the will be firm for once in resisting t
' ' he temptation oi DO- - -
' ' ' church, kit brawl and Chat Inv dauehter is al d 'ns ired by the tender pas-
contradict each other in the public pa- • - e rea Y 1 P .". Rio Ja i •
, Ironside, W A Mitchell, 2se .ne TO, Lotesworth & Smith Leeward Isl. Dome. & Berbiee, 20 0_ 0 0 40 0_ 0 0 met, mateitor, Hole-well. to Miss Jeannette Gordon, of Broutes
landowner and the farmer. se in exchan e for a rank abuse of the
pular applau , g . pers-one actually printing a book as according sion."
to the sense .. cnr,,, UNITED SI'ATES Honduras - 0 0 105 0 -147 0 house, Everton.
The halt. fK nt are, in conformity with royal clemency. We think the. complete execution of said the Director; "that must be the effect of the inn . , . ' . 4) 0 50 0 20 0- 0 0
Steiglitz. .1 Gibson, aea a 01:4.011, New 1 ork, Boston
of the church; and another declaring that it subverts even a Focke &Boult
growers o e insurance." John Anderson, .1 II Miller, 474 Charleston. Wll Gilliat Charleston. Savannah. ...... - 0 0 DIED.
the law particularly necessary tti such a case as this ; saerament of our relieion
the same system, marked out for destruction ; and no . . . - • " A wonderful effect it is at all events. Why, a month has Margaret, W Chalmers, 568 Mobile, Baring Brothers &Co New Orleans.. - 0 0 On the 28th of July, at Benin, Africa. Henry William Arthara .
dbt't ' t Itd by Mr. Paulton's patrons, because we regard the murder as one clearly flowing my countrymen, my sensible'countrymen-if this be not scarcely elapsed Since the insurance took !dace. By Jove, Sir C Campbell, J Rol inson, 535 Mobile, Bold & Starke Havana - 0 - 0 0 eldeat son or the late Lieutenant Henry G. Miller, R.N. and late_ •
OU , i is con emp a e 5-
that the fruit-growers, when fairly ruined, will join in out of the in p . ,
fluence of Po ery and therefore one Plain sense, telt me What is ? Will any man pretend again Canada
you are fortunate! If we have only another such piece of Shakspeare, - Anderson, 657 New Orleans, NY & J Tyrer . . 00- 0 0 00- 0 0 agent to the firm of Messrs. Hamilton, Jaekson, and Co. of (hi*
to talk of the church's sense of the Scriptures ?-Behold how • h f ' - 'll b • • • - Mary, J Morton-, 344 New Orleans, G Brown British North America Bl 0- 0 0 00- 0 0 town.
eood fortune, t e ame of the Company wi cin etere per ien..
the clamour against the continuance to wheat-growers which it is the more necessary to punish as a warninc?
these Men unite in depriving you of your Redeemer's 'Word ' , e ~, Caledonia, W Pilcher, 399 New Orleans, • NV Lockett Newfoundland OO-0040 0 - 0 0 On the Bth ult. Mrs. Elizabeth Astnnry College-lane, St. Ile sn
• son s moutn. sail. - 0 0 25 0-- 0 0 aged 71. -' . • • •.• - '- . ' . •' sl
' dividual J. J Car-
of that protection which has been withdrawn from and terror to evil doers. The zn , . on the pretence of your receiying your church's sense of the , Sheridan PDe Paster, 1092 New York W& J Brown &Co Br' •
ehey were conversing in this manner when Euphemia en- ' • , ' River Plate ' • 35 0-40 0 30 0- 0 0 :On the 10th ult. on board the brig antelope, on her homewar ,
themselves. .. . rick, might haVe conceived the thought-of fraud, de- Shriptures, atvi.then.when their passions, their pride, their tered the romp. She blushed on seeing the stranger. - EUROPA. East Indica • 35 0-40 0 35 0-40 0 passage from Africa. Mr. Daniel Crop, cooper, son of the late Mr'
The landowners and farmers are also doomed; and ception, and murder ; but, let it be well observed, he dices their polities or their ambition lead them. to ... . - uohter " said a • •
P"i" I la' 1 dr 1 • HI d 51) "a -'- 1' Lehi un to the young man. " What Fairy Queen, J Welch, 102 A lexandretta and Beirout, G Yates
Frederick, S Gimes, 177 Algiers, Eshelby, Rowett &Co Batavia
Company's Ships 45 a - 0 0 50 0 - 0 0 Henry Crop. of this town. '
Id never have executed it upon the ha
so confident are the anti-corn law schemers of the suc- cou . . . piess babo quarre a
or decency can
out tie um e o ens eying you, nett er pru ence
impose any restraint on them, but they pro- a
do you think of her ?"
She is admirable; I can venture to predict she will not Crescent, It Thomas,
Firefly, W Eastei, $ /46 Constantinople and Smyrna, Bahr &Co
92 Charente, G Brown New South Wales - 0 0 . On the 15th sat. at Altrincham, Jane the Wife of 11.1, Granthana:
40 0 - 0 0 40 0 - 0 0 Esq. of Altrineham, and daughter of the late William i.ennisou
ou i i i
cess of this-the most important in their linked sue- Touche, if Popery, with its superstiti sam c anna- claim
the falsehood- and imposture of their system in the pass another year without ' s, Carena, NV Hayden, 292, Ge.naa and Leghorn, Vienna & Jones Cape of Good Hope
Africa 4O 0 - 0 0 49 0 - 0 0 Esq. of this town.
30 0- 0 0 126 0- 0 0 On the 26th tilt at the Mount, Wrexham. Richard. the eldest Fo-
n .
cession of plots against native industry-that they are ble influence, had not come to his aid. Let this be ait
p ges of the public newspapers. " Father," said the young girl, regarding by turns the two Adelaide, C Granby, 107 Gibraltar, W H Wood Gibraltar - 0 0 20 0 - .. 0 of the late Rieherd Eyton Edwards. Esq. Wrexham.
' • 's the 'et of the case
already carving out the uses to which they mean to noted. This is the truth. This i j., ~ , Now, lastly, as to private j , ~.
•tidgement mv dear infatuated speakers. " I promised to inform you of the person whoth Dash, R Huntress. 56 Gibraltar, Cotesworth la Smith Lima, Valparaiso, Ste.
.. 50 0-60 0 40 0- 0 0 Same day, at Castle ona, aged 29, Elizabeth Adelaide, the wife
turn the whole band of farmers and landowners, after It was Popery that perpetrated the foul deed. Does countrymen, see what a farce is the farce of what they.call I love. This is he." - Alert, J MoUld,
Pet, ----, 78 Gibraltar,
117 Leghorn, WIl Wood as„na, shale, sae,
G Yst tes 0 0 - 0 0 30 0 - 0 0 of alr. J. Heron. .te of
Smyrna and Constantinople - 0 0 30 0- 0 0 On the 30th ult. aged 40, Mr. Thomas Newstead, grocers •4--
they shall be ruined. any reader doubt this ? Then let him turn to the evi- P • lit of exercisin
üblic judgment, whenlthey deny you. the re, g
your un derstandiug in reading the Bible. "Good heavens is it possible," cried the astonished capi-
talist. Helm, S V Thompson,
Lynx, J Forsyth, 121 Leghorn, Bahr, Behrens! &Co maja,,,
6S Lisbon, T Hampson 20 0 - 0 0 20 0 . 0 0 Bedale. Yorkshire. es.
Madeira - 0 0 20 a- 0 0 On the 31st ult. at his father's house, the Ref. Daniel Jon6t,
k minutely to the case How came
" The destruction of the corn monopoly will bring dence-let him 100 _ .. „ They say you shall not exercise your private judgement • a According to mir regulations," said, very gravely, the Mischief. J Jones, • - • 106 Lisbon, Vianna & Jon
• es western Isles, Cape de Verds.• 00- 0 0 00- 0 0 (Baptist minister in this town,) of a fever of ten days. aged 21'
the landlords into opposition to every other kind of the wretch by the chi.d . 1. , ,
1 Mark • he wa- . " hol
s a Y in reading the Bible, but must submit to the judgment of the young Director, "I was bound to seek every tneans not to Sherbrooke, 0 Bryen, a:O5 Lisbon, J Logan Lisbon - 0 0 Ebenezer Jones. s
at lli
, a f the. "B • • •
man-he was "Joseph Jerome," alscaddin confess the foll -
church-but see how that they aof their own allow-the specified time to pass without -,, Apollo, TLe Seeleur, 85 Naples, 3 Moss ff.s Co Cadiz - 0 0 20 0- 0 0 On the Ist instant, awfully sudden. in -a fit nf apoplexY, 1• ef
monopoly. Mary. J Walker, 281 Smyrna, Cotesworth & Smith
Th al of the corn laws, in short, is (if the free Monastery.' 7 hat was the way _
be which he found rinci le b calling on -ou to form your private jugment, " ' 'rue true But Eu he '
I ~ • „ p into, how did you get acquainted
e repe " Y • ) 1- -h • d - Holland - 0 0 Holloway. near Londnn.
• • cardi." Mrs Bron. not only on the Bible, but asoont e ju gine ut ot the with Monsieur ? . _
4 -ess'•
Hamburg, Bremen, &c. - 0 0 00_ a is On the 3d instant, at Marine Lodge, Lancashire, aced 81 3. •ng
trader phesy truly) to condemn the landowners of access to Mrs. "Letitia Bron .
s Dro Chutch h
upon t e 1 e.
B'bl h• fi •
" I saw im rst in the country one day in going out. Ile . ' - Emporto. C4ottenbure, Stockholm ' 0(I- 0 0 40 0- 0 0 the lion. Frances Fenton Cawthorne, third and • hist survivino
k which is now done b cardi a ver sad dupe of the system, no doubt, en-
England to do the dirty wor , y , y .
d i• •ii• f Dr. Murray appeals to your judgment that he gives the used to come afterwards every day. He helped me to culti- Petersburg, Riga. &e. - (1 0 84 0 -147 0 slain:liter of the late John Lord Delaval, of Leaten Delaalalslbe
men of the stamp of Nix. Poulton. trusted the infant with nine poun s, to tns vi lan, o r• h' I tf th church.
ig t jut green o e vate my flowers. We walked out in the park, and, at last, --me--
Oporto 25 0 - 0 0 20 0- 0 0 Ford Castle. in the county of Northumberland, an 4 widow:nava
-t.„- alia anat. nathinn- hot that lie was one of the Tl.- Nis, Fiale anneals to your private judement that Mr. ~. 1 (mind his visits too short I :64111010 bV comine to Peri AFRICA.
s -. ~.... as ss„ ~ a__ anaass Leone. .147 loes timhes Asl - - _ • late John Fenton Cawthorne, of Wyerside, Esq. repress la
..- ni

We give at length the trial of the Friar, Mr. Joseph
Jerome"—two very sain:lv prenomina—Carrick, for
the cruel and most horrible murder of a poor little
babe, of two years old, entrusted to his care for trans-
mission to a monastery. The case was tried at the
City Commission, before the new Roman Catholic
Chief Baron, Mr. Woulfe, and Mr. Justice Moore;
and the court-house, we understand, was filled with
monks and friars, all, doubtless, much concerned for
the fate of "brother Joseph," in the dock. The case
was one of the most revolting and execrable it has
ever been our misfortune to read. Burke, the infa-
mous—the notorious Burke of Edinburgh—used to
put his victims out of pain at once. He made his
livelihood by murder; but he did not prolong the ago-
nies of his ."stibjects:" he put them out of the way
as speedily as possible." But the friar, "Joseph Je-
rome," insensible to the strongest appeal to the heart,
the cry of helpless infancy, delighted in the act of
cruelty, and with nothing but murder in his intent,
destroyed by a slow, and lingering, and horrible fero-
ciousness. Well, after a good deal of thinking about
it, the jury have found him guilty of aggravated man-
slaughter. We are happy that justice ha's overtaken
the wretch in the way of judgment—we hope it will
not be arrested in the way of punishment. We hope
Lord Normanby will not be induced to display the lei,
nity of his government in this .instance—we hope he
will be firm for once in resisting the temptation of po-
pular applause in exchange for a rank abuse of the
royal clemency. We think the complete execution of
the law particularly necessary iii such a case as this;
because we regard the murder as one clearly flowing
out of the influence of Popery, and therefore one
which it is the more necessary to punish as a warning
and terror to evil doers. The individual, J. J. Car-
rick, might have conceived the - thought of fraud, de-
ception, and murder; but, let it be well observed, he
could never have executed it upon the hapless babe
Touche, if Popery, with its superstitious and damna-
ble influence, had not come to his aid. Let this be
noted. This is the truth. This is the jet of the case.
It was Popery that perpetrated the foul deed. Does
any reader doubt this ? Then let him turn to the evi-
dence—let him took minutely to the case. How came
the wretch by the child ? Mark ; he was a "holy"
man—he was "Joseph Jerome," of the "Balscaddin
Monastery." That was the way by which he found
access to Mrs. "Letitia Broncardi." Mrs. Bron•
cardi, a very sad dupe of the system, no doubt, en-
trusted the infant with nine pounds, to this villian, of
whom she knew nothing, but that he was one of the
" professed." Thus Popery blinded her eyes, and de-
luded her into mistaking a ruthless murderer
for a holy
—a really holy man ! What a complete and dreadful
misconception of an unholy agent of Antichrist—a
Popish friar. Titus Popery consigned the infant to
his care. Now mark how the end was achieved. The
hapless infant was not taken to the holy convent of
Balscaddin. Whether there be such a place in rerum
natura or not is immaterial ; but the child was taken
to the friar's lodging in John's-lane, and not to Bals-
caddin or elsewhere ; and then the "holy Joseph"
commenced his system of a slow death upon it. Now
look at the evidence. We say that if the same drunken
and stupid deltision had not infatuated the mind of
others, the "holy Joseph's" process would have been
interrupted by the visit of a police-officer long ere his
purpose could have been accomplished. We have one
witness at least (Anne Murphy) who acknowledges to
have heard and known. what was going on in the friar's
roont--,anti there %mist have been other., though they
were not called upon. Now why did net these people
interfere ? Why did they not call in a policeman, or
give information at a police-office, when they heard,
as they must have heard, the child's screams ? Let
Anne Murphy speak for them—we venture to say, her
answer will do for them all—" I thought he was a
HOLY man, and used to converse with him about reli-
gion." There is the solution of the difficulty—and
so thinking=so deluded—they suffered this unholy
agent of Satan—the villanous monk of Balscaddin to

THE GUY FAUX GOVERNMENT.
( From the Times.)
All the ministerial prints take credit for the fact
that their masters have refused to allow a gun to be
fired on the sth of November, or any other official
notice to he taken of the anniversary of Gunpowder
Plot. We are not surprised at this. There is no vil-
lany too disgraceful for the present ministers to sym-
pathise with if it be only in the Popish interest: and
it was to be expected that the memory of so great a
Destructive as Guy Faux would• be held in reverence,
not insulted, by the whigs, who are as mischievously
inclined, though not so venturesome, as their great
leader of Gunpowder Plot celebrity. Besides, in this
the ministers had another opportunity of insulting the
Church, of which their royal mistress is the head, and
of which they profess themselves to be members. Our
readers will recollect that there is in our liturgy " A
FORM OF PRAYER WITH THANKSGIVING, to be used
yearly upon the 3111 day of -November, for the happy
deliverance of King James 1. and the three estates of
England from the most t.-aitorotH and bloody•intended
massacre byguni?o-vder." Vurther, the ministers had
an opportunity of :violating the law—which they always
love to do.—especially in favour of the Popish interest.
The rubric accompanying the " form of brayer," &c.,
for the sth of November, ilirects tit " t minister of
every parish shall give %yarning to hiwparishioners
i
publicly n the church at morning prayer, the Sunday
before, for the due observation of the said day ; and
after morning prayer or preaching upon the said sth
day of November, shall read publicly, distinctly, and
the act of parliament, tmade in the 3:1 ye it of
Xing dames 1., jar the observatzon. of
,Lastly, the
••• ell kad an opportunity of showing their

do his horrible work I It was just like the conduct of
the people at Killinick in the county of Wexford, when
Priest Carroll killed the child before their eyes—even
before the very parents—telling them that he was.only
driving the devil out of it. Popish delusion cow-

This is a good interpretation, says the infallible organ, Dr.
urray.
This is a false interpretation, says the infallible guide, Dr.
M'Hale.
Send your children to learn it, says Dr. Murray.
Don't send your children to learn it, says Dr. Mac Hale. •
.Follow me and the board, says Dr. Murray.
Follow me and the church says Dr. Mac Hale.
Now, what shall we do with .our children ?—shall we send
them to learn the sense of the church, or to learn what is not
the sense of the church ?
Our bishops warn us against the Bible, on the pretence that
it is dangerous, foi that Protestants cannot agree in the sense
of it, hut that we are sale it we submit to the sense of the
church ; but here our own two archbishops cannot agree on
their oaths before the public as to what is the sense of the
church, but brawl and contradict each other in the public pa-
pers—one actually printing a book as according to the sense
of the church; and another declaring that it subverts even a
sacrament of our religion.
countrymen,sense,
el m
t e whatniys is ?
ensible'countrymen—if this be not
plain Will any man pretend again
to talk of the church's sense of the Scriptures ?—Behold how
l y
t these men unite in depriving you of your Redeemer's Word,
on the pretence of your receiving your church's sense of the
Scripturei, and then.when their passions, their pride, their
prejudices, their politics or their ambition, lead them• to
quarrel about the mode of enslaving you, neither prudence
or decency can impose any restraint on them, but they pro-
claim the falsehood • and imposture of their system in the
pirges of the public newspapers.
Now, lastly, as to private judgement, my dear infatuated
countrymen, see what a farce is the farce of what they call
public judgment, vvhenfthey deny you the right of exercising
your understanding in reading the Bible.
They say you shall not exercise vour private judgement
in reading the Bible, but must submit to the judgment of the
church—but see how that they confess the folly of their own
principle by calling on you to form your private jugment,
not only on the Bible, but also on the judgment of the
Church upon the Bible.
Dr. Murray appeals to your judgment that he gives the
right judgment of the church.
Dr. Mac Hale appeals to your private judgment that Mr.
Murray does not give the right judgment of the church, and
thus your immortal souls and the souls of your children are
bandied about from biShop to bishop, falsehood to falsehood,
imposture to imposture—and if they can keep you in igno-
rance and slavery, it is all that their hearts desire.
I leave it to your common sense, my countrymen, whether
the boasted unity —the ,speaking judge—the church's inter-
pretation—the denunciation of private judgment are pot
proved by these men to be the greatest system of impOsture,
that ever was put upon a people.
Oh, my countrymen, when will you be seise? When will
you think like rational beings ? .When will you emancipate
yourselves and your children from thralduth and imposture
such as this ? Oh !
" Hereditary Bondsmen. know yet not, •
Who would be free, themselves must strike the blow !"
• May God Almighty—the God of Truth and of Salvation,
enlighten and deliver you, is the the sincere prayer, my dear
Roman Catholic countrymen, of your faithful and devoted
friend and servant,

October 26, 1838.

R. J. M'GHEE,

EXTRAORDINARY ESCAPE.—A most extraordinary escape
from almost certain death occurred on the Great Western
railway last week. As one of the watchmen was engaged in
attending to the switches, a portion of the rails which are
used for the purpose of shifting the trains and .engines from
one line to another, the last train from Maidenhead, consist-
ing of the Bacchus engine with its tender and six carriages
heavily laden, came up; and before he was aware of their
near approach, they were within a few yards of.him. Know-
ing that an attempt to escape on either side would, if unsuc-
cessful in clearing the wheels of the train, be attended with
certain destruction, the man threw himself down between the
two lines of rails, where he lay until the whole train had
passed over his body, escaping from his perilous position
without the least injury, save a.slight scorching from the
lighted coke which was emitted from the furnace of the
engine. ,

"I saw him first in the country one day in going out. He
used to come afterwards every day. He helped me to culti-
vate my flowers. We walked out in the park, and, at last,
as 1 found his visits too short, I thought by coming to Paris
I should see him mare frequently, and for a longer time."
" In showing my zeal for the interest of the Society," con-
tinued the young speculator " I considered —"
Come, my young firieud," said the still surprised father,
" you are a clever fellow. Stunned as I have been, I must
acknowledge that the matter has something amusing in it."
I protest to you, I consider that I faithfully performed
my duty."
"No use in talking of it now. You already have the
800,000 francs fortune."
• Quite correct,'' said the young man, taking Eupheinia
by the hand with the air of a martyr to his duty. "'Phis is a
glorious beginning. We shall have such custom from this
affair! We must absolutely gain millions !"

A young man, named Calmel, student of law at Caen. who
was engaged some time ago in a duel, in which he had the
misfortune to kill his adversary, fell into a state of profound
melancholy soon after the event, and gradually declined in
health from day to day, until towards the end of last week
he expired, his body having been completely worn out by the
_ _
anguish and remorse of his mind.
RADICA I. LIBERALITY.—One of the radical candidates re-
jected in the Bristol ward at the late municipal election, and
who has ever been the loudest in exclaiming against exclu-
sive dealing and the bitterness of party strife, has, in com-
mon with otner members of the radical party, been attempt-
ing by every means to injure those who, from being of con-
trary political opinions, did not support the radicals at the
late election. The individual now alluded to has been in the
habit of bonding sugars, rum, &c., in the warehouse of a con-
servative, who did not vote in his favour. On the arrival of
a vessel at this port a few days since, a large quantity of
rums consigned to the disappointed aspirant to civic
honours, was instantly ordered to be bonded in the ware-
house of a radical; but when the samples were exhibited at
the broker's for sale, the whole was purchased by an emi-
nent merchant, and ordered to be bonded in the ware-
house of the very person whom the radical merchant bad de-
clared should not house them.

AFRICA.
Eliza, (343) N Purdye, from Sierra Leone, 447 logs timber, .50
bgs 75 brls ginger; F H Langley-1 box insects, R Marshall and co
—B D
UNITED STATES.
Colchester, (562) J Withers, from New York, 205 bls cotton, Bol-
ton, Ogden and co-76 do, Ewart, Dlyers and co-35 do, Baring
Bros :tnd co-80,do, R L Dawson and co-24 pkgs coots unkn,
Knowles and Richards-2 brls do, E W Jackson arid co-1 case do
T 8z W Connagh-15 casks 4 cases 7 bales contents unknown,
order-2 cases Cigars, J Kearsley and Son-2 do, order-2 chests
do, Molyneux, Witherby and co-1867 lids turpentine, 80 tons log-
wood, Bolton. Ogden and co-6 casks cocoa, J Van Zeller and co-
-6 cases mahogany veers, F Jaqus-16 casks annatto, W Walford-
-25 tons Lima wood, 3 casks bees' wax Tennants, Clow and co-46
bales goats' wool, A Gartside-7 bids isinglass, T ltimmer.jun-9
tons logwood, T and W Connagh-19 water casks returned, 1 iron
camboose returned, Fitzhugh and Grimsbaw-1300 dry hides, 10
casks cocoa, 100 qr cas
BksRIP ort wine, order—K D
TISH AMERICA.

Wm. Sharpies, 17943:11‘i'Clelland, from Quebec, 69 pees elm.
20 pees ash and 684 pees pine timber, 632 deals, 8520 staves 12 cords
lathwood, 1 brl flour, 4 boxes plants, 2 noses oil paintings, 1 case
a piano forte returned, no consignee—B D •
Dalhousie Castle, (474) W Murray, from Miramichi, 8579 deals,
562 deals, 3 Itns cranberries, Anderson, Garrow and co-8 spars, 24
oars H Barton and co—B D
John, (535) 0 Ileselton, from Quebec, 412 ps pine timber, 260
deals, 10300 staves, 71 cords lathwood. C Chaloner and co—B
EUROPE.

Marmora, (135) T Barnes, jun. from Constantinople, abt 900 qrs
wheat, Breed and Eceleston—S D
Peruvian, (368) A Muir, from St Petersburg, with 7 lidls hemp, J
Butcher and Son-40 co, W Jackson-4 hdls 2hf hills do order-
-12 lidls do, 1200 ps lathwood, Carne and Telo-45 deal ends, Expn
—ll his wool, 161 e 22 deals, Falk and Griffin-12 hdls hemp, 300
cks tallow, i box emits unkn, II and J llornbv and co—Q D
James, (118) T Muir, from Leghorn, loose -abt 775 qrs wheat, 1
box samples do, Sandars and Claxton—K D
(lipsey, '109) IV Shotton, from Bourdeaux. 3 cases wine, order-
-2 do. -W hhd in, J R Lawson-2 cases 1 hhd do.
Townley and Atkinson-1 case brandy, T Lee and co-3 baskets
do, 1 hhd brandy, Campbell and Budd-1 case do, 2,0 bris prunes,
675 qr boxes 82 cases prunes, M.Andrew, Pitcher and co-200 brls
100 qr noxes 30 cases tonnes, D Parry-10 cases prunes. J Woodville
—4 qr boxes do, Can,pbell and Rudd-6 casks a nnatto, W Maxwell
and co-4 casks verdigris, 226 bales sheens' wool, order-2 eases
cheese, J I bales almonds, M'Andrews, Filcher and
so-1 brl apples, Campbell awl Itudd-41 baskets ebe6uuts. 0 IM-
depacts.4-D

PORT OF LIVERPOOL.

Number of vessels. with their amount of tonnage. entered inwards
at the &ustom-house, from the 25th Sept. to the 24th Oct. 1838

British. Foreign. Total.
Vessels. Tons. Vessels. Tons. Vessels. Tons.
Africa
British America.... 36 17087 0 0 36 17('87
Belgium
Denmark
Bast Indies 8 2755 0 0 8 2755
France ...
Germany
Holland
Isle of Man
.1 e-sey 4B 268 1 146 4 414
Mediterranean .-
Portugal
Prussia
RUSSIEL.
Sweden & Norway. 0 0 3 681. 3 681
Spain
South America 23 5927 0 23 .. .. 59')7.
--united, orates
West Indies
Ireland. } 856 93917 0 0 856 92917
Coastwise

12S 135931 68

DIED.
On the 28th of July, at Benin, Africa, Henry William Arthnr.
eldest son of the late Lieutenant Henry G. Miller, R.N. and iate
agent to the firm of Messrs. Hamilton, Jackson, and Co. of tbi,
to
On.
n the Bth ult. Mrs. Elizabeth Asthury. college-lane, St. H." elen
aged 71,d
:On the 10th ult. on board the brig kntelope, on her homewar
passage from Africa. Mr. Daniel Crop, cooper, son of the late Mr"
Henry Crop. of this town.
On the 15th nit. at Altrinchsm, Jane the wife of R.J.: Grantharn.
Esq. of Altrineham, and daughter of the late William 1 onniseit,
Esq. of this town.
On the 25th tilt at the Mount, Wrexham. Richard, the eldest SO '
of the late Richard Eyton Edwards. Esq. Wrexham.
Same day. at Castle Mona, aged 29, Elizabeth Adelaide, the vii.fe
of Mr. J. Heron. late
On the 30th ult. aged 40, Mr. Thomas Newstead, grocer,
Bedale. Yorkshire.
On the 31st ult. at his father's house, the Ref. Daniel Joat
(Baptist minister in this town,) of a fever of ten days. aged 215."
Ebenezer Jones.
'
On the Ist instant, awfully sudden, in a fit fnpoplexY. TI of
residence, Shannon-'treet, aged 59, Mr. John Graves, formeY
Holloway. near London.
On the 3d instant, at Marine Lodge, Lancashire, aged 81 Y.e2irsa;
the lion. Frances Fenton Cawthorne, third and • last surTnnfl
daughter of the late John Lord Delaval, of Leaton DclaT3,, the
Ford Castle, in the county of Northumberland, and widow._Tatiie
late John Fenton Cawthorne, of Wyerside, Esq. 'represen
during many succeqsive parliaments for Laneater. °
same day. aged 5 years. Charlotte- Matilda,s seco9d daughter
Mr. Thomas John Carefull. • • I n
On the 4th instant, Hannah, the beloved wife of- Mr. Jo
ton, High Stanhope-street, Toxt, th-park. A eldest
Same day. in Talkner-street. Bessey, the beloved and „Ain;
daughter of Mr. George Witt. Her sorrowing parents ate,s the
es:lnsolation in the conviction that the dear departed die"
Lord. 17"1°°,
On the sth instant, in the sth year of his age,-
QcOrge
son of .hiy, after asW. Nich
shot but Esq. Ksekvirdaeree illness, whieb l. f;nre ';'00
Same ,
smG.
exemplary fortitude, Mr. Robert Dnnn. aged 30 vars. it.tiAbeci,
On the filth instant, aged 51. mach esteemetVand
Elizabeth, the wife of Mr. Thomas Vod:l, Cunliffe-street., ;.s-it
Yesterday, after a very short illness, of scarlet fever,
George, brother of Mr. James H. Warry, of this towIL

ICB2B 1096 132739

Vessels and tonnag.rnd in
entered
24th thOct. e plB3ort of Liv
1838erpool for Me months
eg 7 and .
1838—Liverpool....
Runcorn llB 6099

1214 vessels, ltBBsB tons.

1837—Liverpool 1145 vessels, 171187 tons.
Runcorn

1247 vessels, 178231 tons.

Decrease, Liverpool
Runcorn

LIVERPOOL; •
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 9; 1838.'
PRINTED AND PITBLMIED NINO
EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY- MORi ,
BY RICHARD PATTISSON.
- ( Village ar tf "averlree.)
At No. 4. NORTH CR,.SCENT, CASTLE-STILERT. LiVEPPOO .nd
Orders and Advertisements are received by Messrs. Nrwtrol,.;
Co., Warwick.square : Barker, Feet-street ; Deacon, W9l-114,,ce;:
lleynell. Chancery-lane; Lawson and Barker,
Joseph Thomas, I I:richlane, eornhill Munden
linhard-street ; Mitchell. P, RedLion:.ronrt, Flef'tc't
Clarke and Lewis, 4, ercwn-court, Threadneedle-stro:,,ing"
Garraway's; at the London Commercial co tTee-nonse l‘lt„."oo.ef
lane; at the Jerusalem Coffee-house, Cornhill ; ChaVter Co
buns.', Paternoster-row : North and South A moric"
bruise, Threadneedle-street ; and Messrs. William Frett,n Ijnd•
• 7%Tititre, and Co., Sisc-lant.. TAa'ndon Lt- l\Teioes.
s,Antiorreo. ekrttlilltiterns. c,:ihN3se: sautrernri
inn;
Cr.., at their Newspaper and Ailvertisenient AgelicY°‘.`",;,,,riarf,;, •
Quay, Dithlin; Mr. M'Phtin, (41n5,,0w ; Mr. Wheeter• ~7:1300`j
-orsn't r'lell‘e;11 r.j.441;
tiri:dporicirak:,kia,,,nicili,,:ilmineos.tsft.fiJce. :tar/
es'ion4,
31
Terms of Subscription for this..lVtPreil,
credit, one year, £2 65.; balf-yeqrt
quarter, lls. 6d.—lf raid in acivan;;:rtAP
year, .£ 2 2s. half xl lir 4-
-year, 1
lOs 64.

1811 R tons.
945

31 vessels

Dears aSe , 4 . 83 vessels 19343 teas,
