3lnzpzriai

ADVERTISEMENT.
TO THE EDITOR OP GORE'S ADVERT:SPR.
Sir,—l have read in the Liverpool Times of this day a. letter
signed " ltichard Rathboue," adaressed to the Editor, in which HOUSE OF LORDS, MONDAY, AUGUST 5.
is .quoted, from the published reports of my observations at the The Ilow4...lting-house Robbery bin was read a third time and
meeting of Thursday last, at the Golden Lion, the following passed, with amendments. •
passage:— The SOLICITOR-GENERAL and others from the Commons
Could they forget that Mr. Rathhone was the individual broeght up the Lamv Amendment Bib, with amnendmeiits to
woo fiat thfut his beaufiat into the carriage of their old and Carat- which the Cominuns requested their iordships' concurrences`
flit servant, General Gascovne, who had so far forgot himself as On the motion of the Earl of Rossiya, the Burghs Poiiee
to insult age and respectabliity.by hooting in his race?" . (Scotland) Bill was read a third time.
Mr. Eathbone, in a letter to me, dated- 2d August, uses the ' THE LITURGY.
following words : The Earl of GosFoan presented a petition from Charles N.
" This statement is, within my Personal knowledge, abso.. Wolehouse, Preliendary of Norwich, praying for an alteration
lutely, entirely, and in every part of it, FALSE." In dr. it. 's in the Liturgy of the church of England.
published letter of this day, fie further says— Earl GREY moved that their lordships agree to an amend-
" Now you are probably aware that this assertion is utterly menill-
t made by the Commons in the Irish Church Temporalities
false; but as this might not be the case with every one, I wrote D
on Ftiday to Mr. tiolme, to demand his authority for making ' 'lhe motion was agreed to after some remarks by the Earl
such a statement. Instead of giving it, Mr. Holine, in his third of Wicklow, Earl Grey, and Lord Plunkett.
note to me on the subject, says— ram in possession of docu- ! EAST INDIA BILL.
ments from gentlemen of the highest respectability (who .were The Marquis of LANSDOWNE moved that the India Bill be
eye-witnesses of the circumstance), which not only attest the committed.
truth of my statement, but offer to verify it upon oath, if neces- The house, after a short discussion, went into committee on
sary.' In reply to these gentlemen of the highest respectability, the bill.
•
I assert, for roysell; and in the name and with the authority of ; The preamble of the.bill was postponed.
my brother William, in the most unqualified manner, that every Clauses Ito 48 were agreed to, with a few verbal amend-
part of this statement, is untrue,—that ' Mr. Rathbone,' my ments.
brother,- did not `thrust his head into the carriage of General . The house resumed, and the bill was ordered to be reconsi-
Gascoyne,'—and that lie did riot • hoot in General Gascoyne's dered in committee on Wednesday.
la,:e ' " I Adjourned at a quarter past twelve o'clock.

not feel it necessary to occupy either your space, or the I
.e of the public, in discussions upon a matter of such gene-
fill notoriety, at the moment of its occurrence, as this extra-
ordinary pruceeding. I shall, therefore, content myself with
giving the three following letters from gentlemen who were
" eye-witnes:,,es" of the fact; and which bear out, to the fullest
extent, the assertion which I then made.
" Walton, 2d Aug. 1833.
" DEAR beg to return you Mr.,Rathbone's letter
herewith. I have not the slightest hesitation in saying that I
must distinctly saw Mr. Wiliatn Rathbone insult General Gas-
covne, as he was getting into his carriage, at the Townhall door.
heard him hoot, saw him point his finger and spit at him. If
it is necessary, I am ready to verify this statement UPON OATH.
—I am, dear sir, yours very truly,
"S. IloLmE, Esq." A. S. WOODWARD.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, MONDAY. AUGUST 5.
The Speaker took the chair at the usual hoar.
After which, the house WAS occupied in receiving petitions,
none of which were of particular importance.
Sir 0. Munn' gave notice, that in the neat session of Par-
liatirmt he should bring in a bill for an alteration in the laws
relating to parish apprentices.
Adjourned at three o'clock.

The Speaker resumed the chair soon after five o'clock.
Mr. BISH gave notice, that, on the house going into com-
mittee on the Bank Charter, he should move for a return of the
number of forged notes presented for payment at the Bank of
England since the last renewal of the charter, with the number
of prosecutions commenced and convictions obtained thereupon.
PORTUGAL..

" King-street, 3d Aug. 183.3.
"DEAR SlR.—Having heard that Mr. Richard Rad:hone has
denied the truth of your statement at the meeting on Thursday
respecting the. insult offered to General Gascoyne by his bro-
ther, Mr7.William .Rathbone, I beg to state, that I was my-
self a witncs3 of his ungentlemanly conduct upon that, and also
upon a sulisquent occasion, upon the hustings, which state-
ment I am prepai.ed to confirm in any way that vou may thinl:
proper.—lam. dear sir, you:s, truly, J. C. nORRALL.
`'SzmuLt. sq."

Mr. O'CONNELL wished to know whether, in consequence of
the recent events which had taken place in the kingdom of
Portugal, it was the intention of his Majesty's government that
Donna Maria da Gloria should be recognized .by this country
as the legitimate sovereign of 'Portugal?
Lord ALTiIORP said that the events to which the hon. and
learned member alluded undoubtedly proved that the people of
Portugal were not so much attached to the government of Doti
Mignet as had been supposed; but as to the question he had
asked, he (Lord Althorp) hoped that the hon. and learned
member wool] see the expediency of postponing it.
Sir IL PEEL said that he also had an inquiry to make as to
another branch of the foreign policy of the country. He wish-
ed to be informed as to the present state of the discussion be.
tween the United States and the North American colonies,
which had been retrred to the Ti ing of the Netherlands.
Lcrd ALTLiolie said that it '*as a matter not yet decided, and
the inquiry of the right honourable baronet had been so unex-
pected that he was unprepared to give a specific answer.
REPORTING.
Mr. O'CONNELL 'rave notice, that early next session he
should move to rescind the standing order that the publication
of the debates in the house is a breach of privilege ;_ as also
that any partial or unfair report of the proceedings be declared
a breach of privilege.

(corY.)
"Evertor, August 6th, 1533.
"DEAR STR,—In consequence of a letter that has made its
appearance in the Liverpool Times of this day, signed 'Richard
iischboae,' contradicting the statement you made at the Gottlen
Lion, and impugning the veracity of those gentlemen who, you
said, were wilting, if requisite, to come forward noon oath to
testify to the truth of what vou said relative to the ungentle-
man.y conduct of Mr. William Rathbone towards our late and
worthy representative, General Gascoyne; I feei myself called
upon, having been an eye-witness of the whole affair, to permit
you to make use of my testimony ; particularly as you are pub-
licly called upon to remove from your shoulders the falsity
charged upon you in that letter. I, therefore, beg now to de-
clare, what I am equally willing to state upon oath, that Mr.
William Rathbone di,l, at the time in question, behave himself
towards General GaAcoyne in a most ungentlemanly manner,
by raising
.himself up and placing his face so near the window
or the carriage as almost to be within it; at the same time using
such violent language that many. even of the very lowest class
of spectators cried shame upon him. In short, his whole de-
meanour was like that of a lunatic. The precise words I can-
not now call to mind ;_ but I well remember they were of the
very foulest stamp. I was so near him, as both to hear and see
his ungentlemanly conduct. I, therefore, deny the truth of Mr.
Richard Rathbone's statement in the Liverpool Times.—l re-
main, yours, very respectfully,
(Signed)
"Mr. SAMUEL HOLME."

"JOHN SIIAND."

Several evidences of the` same natnre, and to the same extent,
are in my possession, which, at the moment, I am not permitted
to publish ; but they will be made available, if needful, on a fu-
ture occasion.
I am content that Mr. William Rathbone should take all the
credit which the injudicious conduct of his brother, in thus re-
agitating this question, will yield him.—l am, Sir, Your most
obedient servant, SAML. IIOLME.
Liverpool August 611 t, 1833.

TO THE EDITOR OF GORE'S ADVERTISER.
Sir,—l am sorry that my Brother has thought it necessary to
notice Mr. Holine's statement, as I have already had experience
of and am fully aware of the tactics of the enraged and opposing
party. My brother has, however, undertaken my defence, and
called forth three respectable eye witnesses to circumstances,
which had never any existence. I am determined not to be
drawn into newspaper controversy. I shall therefore only for
the first and last time publicly state, that I did not directly or
indirectly, or in any other way, do more than join others in
hissing General Gascoyne previous to the election, opposite the
eastern door of the Town-hall. Any other accusation is totally
without foundation in fact. Mr. Edward Dearman, who was
with me the whole of the time, confirms the accuracy of my re-
collections. Let that portion of the public, to whom my cha-
racter is not in itself a sufficient refutation of the absurdity of
the charge, judge which party is most likely to he correct. !The
opinion of those who seek to serve their own cause by indulg-
ing in groundless accusations of their neighbours is to me a
matter of most perfect inditTerenee.—Yours respectfully,
• WILLIAM RATHBONE.

List of cabin passengers in the South America, Charles- H.
•Marshall, for New York ;—Mr. Benson and family, Mr. and
Mrs. Wood and servant, Messrs. Meader, Penson, E. L. Hunt,
Henry, 'l'. C. Cardwell, Jas. Taylor, MHoaine, Saydam, At-
kinson, Price, Graham, Heard, Patton, Addoms, Horne, David
Wood, and Alex. S. Ryley.
SINGULAR GOOD FORTUNE.—WiIIiam Hepplewhite, an ap-
prentice on board the Indian, belonging to Shields, last year
purchased an old clothes chest for 35., which on being examined
by the Custom-house officers in Cork, where the vessel is now
delivering a cargo, was discovered to have a false bottom, under
which were found upwards of £2ooo.—Durham Chronicle.
The half-yearly general meeting of the proprieters of the
General Steam Navigation Company took place the 6th of
August, at the office of the company, in Lombard-street, (Wol-
verly Attvvood, Esq.. in the chair.) The usual repdrt of the
proceedings of the company fur the half-year, ending June 30,
was read, and appeared to give general satisfaction, and the di-
vidend for that period was declared. The thanks of the pro-
prietors were voted to J. G. Doran, Esq., one of the directors-,
for his attention to the interests of the company; and, after the
usual votes to the chairman and directors llaerbeen passed, the
meeting separated. •
LORD MANSFIELD AND A JENF.—"Mr. Abraham," said Lord
Mansfield, "this is your son, and cannot go in the same bail.
bond." "I-He ish not my son, my Lord." "Why, Abraham,
here are twenty in court will prove it." " I will shwear, my
Lord, he ish not." "Take care Abraham, or I will send you to
the King's Bench." " Now, my Lord, if your Lordship pleases,
I wilt tell you the truth." "Well, I shall he glad to hear the
truth from a Jew." "My Lord, I wash in Amsterdam two
years an' three quarters; when I came home I findish this lad;
' now, the lad obliges me to maintain him • and, consequently, my
Lord, he ish but my son-in-law." "Well, Moses," rejoined
Lord Mansfield, " tais is the best definition of a son-in-law I

ever heard."
NEW S-ransx CARRIAGE.-At twelve o'clock on Tuesday
a new steam carriage, built, as we understand, by the direction
and at the expense of Sir Charles Dance, started faun Lam-
beth for the town of Croydon. The vehicle was constructed
on the premises of Messrs. Maudslay, the eminent engineers of
Lambeth, under the superintendence of Mr. Field, and is in-
tended to run on a common turnpike road. The carriage,
which assumes the appearance of an omnibus, and which will
contain fourteen persons, is attached to the engine by a pole.
On this occasion six gentlemen and the engineer, Mr. Field,
occupied seats in it. It proceeded to a distance of about three
miles beyond Croydon, and then returned to town, travelling at
the rate of twelve miles per; hour. Ihe noise and excitement
which it created as it passed through the narrow streets of
Croydon obliged the judges to suspend the proceedings of the
Assize Courts fur the time. It will shortly, we understand,
make a second experimental journey, when Brighten will be
the place of its destination.—London paper.
THE GERMAN WOOL FA I RS—LEIPSIC, Julya 13a3.—The re-
sult of the German wool fairs has proved more advantageous to
the growers than could have been anticipated, though it was
generally expected that prices would be considerably higher
than last year. The first viz. Breslow-, Sze. were compara-
tively the cheapest, but the more it was manifested decidedly
that the actual want of wool did rather surmount the quantity
produced. Prices went higher, so that at the last fairs, a rise of
-3J.to 40 per cent. on last year's prices took place. This pre-
sent moment there is scarce:y any thing left in the first hand,
aramaeu. thasaock in the hands of the dealers is much smaller
than we recollect having seen it at any former period. Ta tact
the flower of the wool has already found its way either to the
hands of our manufacturers, or is gone to the English market,
so that very little good wool can be farther expected from this
quarter. The consumption of svool in Germany and the Ne-
therlands has increased amazingly, and we safely say, .that at
the very utmost, only one-fourth of the wool prodUced in Ger-
many is exported to England. The German manufacturers
go on very briskly, the number of looms increases daily, and if
they continue to proceed so for a few years, they will be able to
eonsanie the whole produce of German wool, without being
obliged to have recourse to the English market. The manufac-
ture of woollen yarn had been quite neglected, but within the
last few years it has been very much cultivated, and has made
such a rapid progress, that there are now worsted yarn spinners
in Germany, who consume 30 to 40,000 cwt. a-year ; combing
wool is therefore very much looked after, and there will he a
deficiency in the quantity imported into England. Things
have changed now, and instead, as at former times, the English
bring the rulers at the German wool fairs, the German and Bel-
gian manufacturers are now predominant, and pick the flower
of the wool, as they are able to afford higher prices than the
English buyers.
FARTHER 'MANIFESTATIONS OF THE Serena—After the re-
cent proceedings at the meetings of Presbytery, it might have
been supposed that the religious extravagancies which have of
late been too frequently exhibited in the College Church, would
have ceased ; but so far from this being the case, they were on
Sunday repeated with all their usual fervour, and in a strain of
fanatical excitement as inconsistent with decency as with the
spirit of true piety. Surely no one could have possibly believed
that in an age which boasts of being peculiarly enlightened,
men of ethreation and character should be so far influenced by
the power of delusion as to imagine that, by uttering frantic
outcries, and committing other extravagancrea in a place of
worship, they should give any other manifestation than of their
own folly. It is lamentable to see respectable men acting on
such misguided fancies, and, under the vain idea of an imagi-
nary inspiration, choosing a place Of worship for the scene of
their fanatical excesses. Immediate steps should be taken to
pet an end to these absurd and revolting exhibitions, by which
all sober persons are deeply scandalised. We understand, that
both last Sunday and the Sunday preceding, in the interval be-
tween the forenoon and afternoon services, during a prayer-
meet in g, Mr. Carlyle screamed and uttered incoherent sentences
in a state of great excitement. Several women who were pre-
sent were so alarmed that they ran out of the church, and one
or two fainted when they got to the street. In the afternoon, a
new actor appeared on the scene: A young- gentleman of the
name of Anderson, •a writer, as Mr. Tait was about to conclude
his discourse, rose up in his seat, and exclaimed, in a loud, but
certainly not supernatural tone of voice, "I came not to send
peace on earth, but a sword." Dining this ebullition Mr. Tait
paused, and, at the conclusion, distinctly avowed his belief that
this was the Spirit of God. Most of the congregation rose from
their seats.cn the occasion, but instances of -this kind have un-
fortunatelysbeen too frequent there of late to cause any further
disorder.

provided he was a contractor, he had incurred, of being prose-
cuted for the penalties to which every contractor was snaject
who presumed to sit and vote in Parliament, and that it would
not pace him in any better position than that which he occupied
at the present moment. On the best consideration, then, that
he (Lord Althorp) could give to the matter,—and the house
would recollect that he had not any long 'time given him for
consideration,—he was of opinion that no harm could accrue
from giving to the hon. baronet the appointment which had
enabled him to vacate his seat. Now, the right hon. baronet
had attacked his Majesty's government as it they had know-
ingly given this appointment of storekeeper to a young gentle-
man of the age of only 18 years and a half.
Sir R. Peaele—No,l said that the comptroller ought to have
reported to the government the age of the person appointed to
the situation, and that the government ought to have remon-
strated against the order making the appointment, which it did
not appear that they had done.
Lord ALTHORP said that he did not rise to defend the comp-
troller, but the government, for the imputation which the two
hon. gentlemen had cast was cast upon the government, and
was cast upon the government on this ground—that it had ap-
pointed a young boy to a place, where he was placed iu direct
connexion with the contractor. He had not stated that the
contractor had said that the young man's age was twenty-two.
That representation had been made to Earl Grey when appli-
cation had been made to him for this appointment. 'What he
(Lord Althorp) had said was, that the comptroller had not
stated what the age of the young man was, and had not men-
tioned that he was in any way connected with the contractor.
The comptroller made the appointment without any communi-
cation with the Treasury, (hear,) fdr no person connected with
the Treasury was aware that the contract was where it was, or
that the young man was connected with the contractor. (Hear.)
Mr. O'CONNELL said that the assent.which the noble lord had
just given to the appointment of the committee was the very
best answer the noble lord could have given to the motion. There
was no reason why Sir John Key, because he shrunk from
Parliament, should be allowed to get rid of the prosecution for
penalties to which he had laid himself open by siting and
voting. in Parliament after he had become a contractor. It
was singular that this first trait of a reformed Parliament,—
namely, that the brother of a member of Parliament should
get a contract from the government, and then that contractor's
nephew, the son of the member of Parliament, should get a
place where he had to judge of the mdde in which the contract
was performed, not for his merits, for they were unknown, but
for his demerits, he being only 18 years old, and without ex-
perience. How was it, he would ask, that this young man had
got the place? Sir John Key had voted for the coercion bill,
and for the resolution which rescinded the vote of the house re-
pealing the malt tax, and. for those votes his son was rewarded
with a place of £4OO a.year. This was a very extraordinary way
for the son of a member of Parliament, representing a popular
constituency like the city of Dublin, to get a place. (Laughter.)
He had made a mistake—he did ndt think that the sons of the
member for the city of Dublin had any great chance to get a
place. (" Hear," from some Irish members.) The son of the
member for the city of London had, however, got a place. lie
contended at some length that the present was a monstrous case,
calling for examination and decided censure on Somebody, and
he was glad that. the house was now going to examine who the
parties were that deserved it.
Mr. STANLEY was exceedingly gratified that his noble friend
had given his assent to a -committee of inquiry (hear,) for sure
he was that the more inquiry was made into the circumstances of
this case, the more would it contradict and refine the insinua-
tions of the' two honourab7e, gentlemen. He thought that the
vindication of his noble friend, and of the government with
which he was connected, was now complete. --(Cheers.) It was
not for the government to say that gross misconduct had not
taken place somewhere (hear, hear,) and he (Mr. Stanley) was
exceedingly gratified that by the inquiry which was now to he in-
stituted that misconduct would soon be laid bare and open.
Lord STotimoisr asked whether Earl Grey, when he gave
this place to the young man, was aware that the uncle of this
young man was the person who had taken the contract?
Lord ALTHORP replied in the negative.
The petition was then laid on the table.
Sir H. HA anuccE declared that it was not his intention to
do anything by which Sir John Key could be placed in a more
prejudicial situation than that in which he had placed himself
at present. He should be extremely sorry that any inquiry in
the committee should bring before the public such proof as
would be necessary to support a prosecution against Sir John
Key for the penalties to which he had rendered himself subject
if he had sat and voted in Parliament after he had become a
contractor. His object was to do justice, and if blame attached
to any quarter, to let that blame fall where it was deserved.
Whilst he was anxious to appear to do nothing vindictive
against Sir John Key, he still felt that he had a duty to perform
towards the petitioners ; and that duty he must perform by
moving for a select committee to examine into the allegations
of their petition.
The motion having been seconded, a select committee was
appointed. The members chosen by Sir H. Harclinge were
appointed members of the committee. When Sir Henry's list
was gone through,
Lord ALTHORP moved that Sir R. Peel, and Mr. HumE that
Mr. D. W. Harvey should be added to the said committee.
These motions were agreed to.
Mr. BERNAL brought up the report of the resolution on the
£20,000,000, colonial slavery. The report was agreed to.
On the motion of Lord AI,THORP,
THE SLAVERY ABOLITION BILL
was recommitted. On the committee coming to clause 10,
Mr. BUXTON proposed an amendment, which was negatived.
The original clause was agreed to.
Mr. STANLEY moved to strike out the 53d clause, in order to
substitute a provision extendingthe s'2d George 111. to colonies
wherein acts repealed by that statute were still in force. In al,
other cases he was willing to leave matters as they stood. The
effect of the change would be in favour of Dissenters.
Motion agreed to.
Lord ALTHORP brought up four clauses providing for the
raising of the grant of £20,000,000. He observed that it had
been suggested by the right hon. member for Harwich to intro-
duce a proviso enacting that no money should be raised under
the act except during the sitting of Parliament; and, further,
that the terms of the contract should be laid on the table. Ile
saw no objection to this. It was understood that the legislature
was pledged that the loan should be positively raised, but it was
right that Parliament should have an 'immediate check upon
upon the government as to the terms of the contract.
Three clauses empowering the commissioners for the manage-
ment of the national debt to raise the loan in question in the
shape of annuities, and specifying the manner in which the
operation was to be conducted, were brought up, read, and
agreed to.
The house then resumed.—Report on Tuesday.
IRISH TITHES.
On the motion of Mr. Littleton, the order of the day was
read for the house going into committee on the Tithes Arrear
(Ireland) Bill.
In the committee, Mr. LITTLETON moved that his Majesty be
enabled to direct Exchequer-bills to an amount not exceeding
£1,000,000 to be issued for the purpose of advancing, under cer-
tain mnditions, the arrears of tithes due for 1831 and 1832, sub-
ject to a deduction of 25 per cent.; and the value of the tithes
for 183.3, subject to a deduction of 15 per cent., to such persons
as may be entitled to such arrears or such tithes, and as may be
desirous of receiving such advances, and that the amount ad-
vanced shall be included in the tithe composition, so as to be
repaid in the course of five years, being payable by half-yearly
instalments.
When the committee-divided on this resolution,the numbers
were—
For the resolution
Against it
Majority
The report was ordered to be received on Tuesday,
Mr. BERNAL brought up the report of the committee of sup-
ply on the militia estimates.
IlemE objected to the bringing up of the report. The
staff of the militia had cost £5,000,000 since the peace. It was
all money thrown away, and we had no money to throw away.
(Hear.)
Mr. ELLicE justified the resolution. The sums now granted
were not to pay the existing staff, but the pensions and the
half-pay of officers formerly on the staff.
Sir lt. PEEL availed himself of the present opportunity to ob-
ject to the system of balloting for the militia. The law re-
garding substitutes required change. It was different in its
operation in large towns and in rural districts. Looking to a
state either of peace or of war, it required change.
The resolutions were then agreed to.
BRIBERY AT ELECTIONS' BILL.
Lord J. RUSSELL moved that the order of the day be dis-
charged for the house resolving itself into a committee on this
bill, which was agreed to.
ASSESSED TAXES' REDUCTION BILL.
The report on this bill was received, the amendments were
agreed to, and the bill was ordered to be read a third time on
Tuesday.

SIR JOHN KEY.
Mr. D. W. Heavnv moved for a new writ for the election of
a member to serve in Parliament for the city of London in the
room of Sir John Key, Bart., who had accepted the steward-
ship of the Chiltern hundreds. (Hear, hear.) Ordered.
Sir H. HARDINGE said that the motion which had just been
made by his hon. friend rendered it unnecessary for him, in
presenting the petition as to the connexion of Sir John Key
with a contract to supply the government with stationery, of
which he had given notice, to press his remarks upon that parte
of it which related to Sir John Key as a member of that house,
seeing that be had vacated his seat by accepting the Chiltern
Hundreds. But the petition related not only to a breach of
privilege, but also to the conduct of the government in having
appointed the son of Sir J. Key to the office of storekeeper and
superintendent of the stationery in his Majesty's Stationery-
office; and he (Sir H. Hardinge) was glad to have been re-
lieved (by the vacation of his seat on the part of Sir J. Key),
from making those remarks upon the subject matter of a part
of the petition which he should have thought it his duty to mike
had Sir J. Key been still a member of the house. Passing over,
however, that portion of the petition, he would observe upon
those which related to the appointment of Sir John Key's son,
and which stated that it had been made without a sufficient
competition having been allowed with a view to procuring a
person fitted for the office, which was one requiring experience,
discretion, and ability. The petitioners alleged that Sir John
Key himself was virtually the contractor for stationery, and
that the duties of the office to which the son was appointed
were such that he would actually have the superintendence and
inspection of the paper sent in by the father. (Hear, hear.)
He (Sir H. Hardinge) did not apply his remarks to the indie
vidual case of Sir John Key, but to the principle upon which a
government could sanction such an appointment, and he put it
to the house to say whetherthe inspector in such a case could
be impartial? and whether the public could, in such a case, be
faithfully served? (Hear, hear.) He bad made inquiries of
the noble lord opposite, and he was informed that neither he
nor the prime minister had at the time been aware of this ap-
pointment, and that the . individual had since been dismissed.
He did not, therefore, mean to say that the government were
aware of the peculiar circumstances attending-this appointment,
but he trusted that by whatever authority it was made, that
person believed that Master Key had attained his majority, and
was not aware of the fact that he was only between 18 and 19
years of age. The case, however, was one which showed that
the interests of the public required that there should be• some
precautions .taken to prevent a recurrence of such circum,
stances, and that was the effect of the concluding prayer of these
petitioners.. The present government. when they entered upon
office, had made professions to the effect that they would not
govern by influence and patronage, and he therefore thought
that the best course would be for the house to entertain the
prayer of the petitioners and institute an inquiry into the sub-
ject. He should therefore consider it as his duty to move for
the appointment of a committee of inquiry.
The petition was then read.
Lord ALTHORP thought that this was a subject on which spree
explanation was certainly required. He had made inquiries on
the subject, and he found that the custom had always been that
the person who was appointed to the situation lately held by
the son of Sir John Key must be one who had been engaged
in the stationery trade, as it was thought that such a person
would be the most likely to have the necessary experience and
knowledge. On the death of the late storekeeper application
was made to fill up the vacancy by appointing the son of Sir J.
Key, who was stated to be in his 22d year. and the comptroller
of the department, on whose authority the appointment was
made, did not communicate to the goverament that the young
man was a connexion of the contractor for stationery, but took
upon himself to make an arrangement by which-the paper
sent in by the uncle of the young man (the government con-
tractor) should not be inspected by him, but by another per-
son, selected for his competence to the task. • The treasury,
therethre, were not aware that the contract for stationery was
in the hands of the uncle of the young man appointed, and he
(Lord Althorp) was only made aware of the circumstances
on Saturday se'nnighm, when, on a representation by him to
Lord Grey, an inquiry was instituted, the result of which
was, that the appointment was cancelled. (Heal', hear.)
He (Lord Althorp) need not say that it' it had been known to
the government that the person appointed was a connexion of
the stationery contractor, that appointment would not have been
allowed to continue, but the fact was, as he had stated, that the
comptroller was the person who made it, on being informed that
Master Key was of age; indeed, the comptroller had since ex-
pressed a wish that when the appointment should be hereafter
filled up, the person appointed should not be younger at least
than 2.b or 30, as it was desirable that a person at all events not
below that age should be appointed. With respect to the fact
that it was required that the person appointed should have been
engaged in the stationery business, as such a person was likely
to be a better judge of the articles sent in, he had no further re-
mark to make upon it, as he bad already said that the govern-
ment were not aware of the circumstances attending the ap-
pointment. If Sir John Key had been both nominally and
really the government contractor, then he (Lord Althorp) con-
sidered that it would have been worth while to inquire into the
circumstances with a view to the question whether he could sit
in the house, hut he thought that such an inquiry would be
wholly inexpedient, as Sir John Key had now, by accepting the
office (laughter) alluded to, vacated his seat in parliament.
Sir R. PEEL regretted extremely that Sir John Key had
been allowed to withdraw himself (hear, hear)—that the exe-
cutive department of the government had thus interfered to
prevent an inquiry like the one proposed on the part of the
House of Commons. (Hear.) He (Sir R. Peel) would ven-
ture to say that in an unreformed House of Commons no go_
vermnent would have attempted such a proceeding; and he
would also venture to acid, that if a government had pursued
such a course by an unreformed house, no unreformed house
would have sanctioned it. (Hear, hear.) Why was, it that
the provisions of the act of Parliament passed for the express
purpose of limiting the influence of the Crown in matters of
deaeriptio. had Le.. neglected in the present case ? That
act provided that no member of Parliament could at the sand
time that he served in Parliament hold a government contract,
and that no person holding, such a contract was eligible to be
elected to Parliament; and its provisions extended not only to
those nominally holding the contract, but also to members bene-
fiting in any way by such contract. Ile (Sir IL Peel) wished
to know whether, in the case of Sir John Key, any such
condition as this had been complied with? ( Hear, hear.)
And if so, how was it that Sir John Key was evidently the vir-
tual contractor? It was necessary that the house should know
whether this act, passed fur a specific purpose, had been in the
present instance evaded, and whether a contract had been nee
niinally entered into with one person, while, in truth, it was his
brother who was the real contractor? (Hear.) Let the house
know that such a transaction could take place; but let it be met
by a legislative remedy, and not by withdrawing a member from
time house and giving him the stewardship of the Chiltern Hun-
dreds. (hear.) The petition stated as a fact capable of proof,
that Sir John Key was virtually a contractor to the amount of,
fe6O,(XX), for that although his 'brother was nominally the con-
tractor, yet the fact was, that he had retired fromhusiness, and
that Sir John Key was daily and hourly engaged in conducting
the business! That was a statement, the truth of which ought
to be ascertained, so that a remedy might be provided. It also
further appeared that Sir John Key had obtained the appoint-
ment of his son, a youth of eighteen, to the office, the duties of
which would make the latter in the course of their performance
the inspector of the paper sent in by his father, the person upon
whose decision the contract was to be suttained. The noble
lord had said that the real age_ of the youth had not been stated,
but surely it was the duty of the stationery department. not to
allow such an appointment as this without making a representa-
tion to the Treasury ; for although the young man was the eon
of a stationer, vet his age alone was sufficient to preclude a
satisfactory discharge of the duties of the cffice, from the ap-
pointment to which that circumstance alone ought to have been
sufficient to disqualify him. ( Hear, hear.) A bond also was
required from the person appointed, and how could a youth of
eighteen and a half enter into an engagement of that•driscrip-
tion? In conalusiate, he (Sir-R. Peel) thought that this was a-
euestion most important to the house, and one which required
inquiry, hot so much for the purpose of inflicting any penalties
on SUJ. Key personally, as with a view to ascertain how such
a transaction could hate been allowed to occur, and how a me-
currence of it was to be prevented.
Lord Aternoep trusted that, though he had already addressed
the house, be might be permitted, after the attack which had
been made upon the government generally, and upon himself
personally, to address the house again, and to explain the cir-
cumstances under which Sir John Key had obtained the office
which had enabled him to vacate his seat. He would state the
grounds under which Sir John Key had been permitted to ac-
cept the stewardship of the Chiltein Hundreds. He admitted
that, under existing en cuinstancee, he did not view the granting
of Sir John Key's application for that office quite as a matter of
course; but he likewise felt that the effect of giving that °frit e to
Sir John Key would not withdraw him from the liability which,

. -36

LABOUR RATE BILL.
Sir C. BURRELL moved the second reading of this bill.
On this motion the house divided, when there appeared—
For the second reading 17
Against it 29
Al a j oi ity

The bill was consequeiitly lost.
On our return to the gallery we found the house going through
he other orders of the day, which having disposed of, it ad-
ourned at a quarter past two o'clock.

HOUSE OF LORDS, TUESDAY, AUGUST 6.
Lord LOWTHER and others from the Commons brought up
the Privy Council bill.
Thp .etch and Irish vagrants' bill went through a com-
mittee.
On the motion of the Lord CHANCELLOR, the Commons,
amendments to the Thellusson estate bill were agreed to.
The Marquis of WESTMINSTER gave notice, that he sh9uld
in the next session of Parliament, unless the subject were taken
up in the other house, or by some noble lord in that, move for
leave to bring in a bill to. remove the civil disabilities of the Jews.
Adj ourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, TUESDAY, AUGUST 6.
The gallery was opened at a quarter past twelve o'clock.
GRAND JURIES (IRELAND) BILL.
On the motion• of Lord Duncannon, the house resolved itself
into a committee on the Grand Juries Bill.
Th^•committee proceeded as far as the 58th clause without
anv material alteration, clause 50 being postponed, and clauses.
51-and 57 being withdrawn.
The Chairman then reported progress, and obtained leave to
sit again.
Adjourned at three o'clock.

The Speaker resumed the chair shortly after five o'c'.ock.
Mr. HU ME presented a petition from numerous persons resi-
dent in and near London against the restriction of t)5 miles pro-
posed by the Bank Charter Bill.
Lord ALTtionr took that opportunity of informing the house,
that in consequence of a communication he had had with the
Bank yesterday and to-day, it became necessary to postpone the
committee on the bill until Thursday next.

POPAY THE POLICEMAN.
Air. COnOETT brought up the report of the select committee
appointed to inquire into this subject, and moved thatit be read.
Ihe report was accordingly read, and contained the forlowing
resolutiOns:—
" Resolved,—l. That it is the opinion of this committee, that
the conduct of the policeman Popay has been highly reprehen-
sible, inasmuch as he appears to -have taken an active personal
part in the proceedings which his duty only required him to
observe, and to have carried concealment and deceit into the
intercourse of private life; and, although the committee are in-
clined to hope that he was not influenced by any malignity of
disposition, but by a mistaken view of his- instructions, and a
misjudging zeal in the execution of them, they cannot forbear
to mark his course of behaviour with their most grave and de-
cided censure.
" Resolved,-2. That it is the opinion of this committee, that
while it cannot be supposed that authority was given for the
foregoing conduct, there is reason to apprehend that sufficient
caution was not always exercised by those to whom Popay's re-
ports were submitted, in checking the occasional diffuseness of
their contents, and in warning him against having recourse to
undue means for supplying them.
" Resolved,-3. That it is the opinion of this committee, that
with respect to the occasional employment of policemen in
plain clothes, the system, as laid down by the heads of the po-
lice department, affords no just matter of complaint, while
ittictiv confined to detect breaches of the law, and to pi event
