TESTIMONIALS.

" I have much pleasure in stating that the stays invented
by Mrs. Geary will obviate all the inconveniences of those
commonly employed."—C. J. B. Aldis, M.D., Old Bur-
lington-street, March 6th, 1837. _ .

It appears to me that Mrs. Gearv's Stays are infinitely
superior to those in ordinary use."—s. C. Brodie.
' I have examined the Stays invented by Mrs. Geary, and
think them admirably adapted to give salutary support to the
body, without that injurious pressure which renders ordinary
Stays so extremely prejudicial."—J. T. Conquest, M.D.
It is in the complete Corset that the genius of Mrs.
Geary has had full swing. The problem to be solved was
to support the figure, yet not to diminish freedom of
Motion, and to conceal the size of the abdomen when too
large."—Extracted from Dr. James Johnson's " Medico-
Chirurgical Review" for January, 1837.
" I have examined Mrs. Geary's improved Stays, and I
have no hesitation in saying, I think them infinitely superior
for the purpose of support to any in use. I consider the
Belt also, invented by the same lady, for pregnant females,
devised upon an exceedingly good principle."—Francis H.
Ramsbotham, M.D., New Broad-street, March 2, 1837.
" In Mrs. Geary's Corset for grown girls, the pressure on
every part of the chest is light, and by exerting no pressure
on the edges of the hip, it does not (by forcing those edges to
grow inward), diminish, during youth, the cavity of the
pelvis, or hazard the suffering which must attend that mal-
formation in mothers."—Extracted from Mr. Coulson's
work on " Deformities of the Chest and Spine," 2nd Edition.
" Mrs. Geary's Stays, of all kinds, present a new and ra-
tional principle in the construction of the most important por-
tions of dress. The formation of the bosom, and of all parts
adapted to prominences, is a matter of great ingenuity, and of
extraordinary beauty."—Extracted from " Female Beauty,"
by Mrs. A. Walker. " The Exercise Corset, invented by
Mrs. Geary, is absolutely nesessary in all exercises of the
arms, and especially in the Indian exercises, for which they
were constructed."—Extracted from " Exercises for Ladies, '
by Donald Walker, 2d Edition.
of the of breary s stays
and Belt for pregnant Ladies, and I shall make a point of
recommending them whenever I have an opportunity."—
James Eyre, M.D. 15, Lower Brook-street, March, 22, 1837.
" The Stays invented by Mrs. N. Geary, from the ingenu-
ity with which they are constructed, are eminently adapted
to allow of that ease and freedom of motion so essential to
elegance and health. They appear, therefore, likely to prove
far superior to the stays in common use, which contribute to
the production of much deformity and many serious diseases."
—G. F. D. Evans, M.D. 21, Hill-street, Berkley-square.
The following Medical Gentlemen are of opinion, that Mrs.
Geary's Stays, in consequence of the great improvements
they present—their capability of adaptation to every variety
of form—their removal of all unequal pressure by the re-
jection of gores and gussets—and the proper employment of
elastic materials, are deserving of the strongest recommen-
dation :

Sir James E. Anderson M.D.'Sir James Eyre, M.D.
Dr. Aldis Dr. G. F. D. Evans
Sir Benj. Brodie, Bart. Dr. Ferguson
Dr. Birkbeck Dr. Holland
Dr. Bright Dr. James Johnson
Dr. Burn R. Keate, Esq.
Dr. G. F. Babington Dr. Litchfield
Sir Anthony Carlisle Dr. Locock
Sir Charles M. Clark, Bt. Dr. Merriman
Sir James Clark Dr. Paris
Sir Astley Cooper, Bart. Dr. Wilson Philip
Dr. Clutterbuck Dr. F. H. Ramsbotham
W. Coulson, Esq. Dr. Hamilton Roe
Dr. Conquest Dr. Sigmond
Dr. Copland Sir Mathew J. Tierney, Bt
Dr. Curie Donald Walker, Esq.
Dr. G. F. Collier: G. Pearson, Esq.
Dr. Henry Davies T. J. Pettigrew, Esq.
Dr. Thomas Davies
AGENTS.—Miss Chegivin,
Cutter, Clarence-street, Liverpi
Southampton.

High-street, Guernsey ; Mrs
cool ; Miss Eglon, High-street

Ribtrpcot -tanbattt.

TUESDAY MORNING, JULY 2, 1339.

So far as the House of Common's is concerned the
Conservative opposition has done its duty with regard
to the pseudo-Education scheme. A mark has been
set upon it by the bold and eloquent champions of
Protestant Christianity which will render it known and
shunned whenever it comes into operation in the coun-
try—like a convicted criminal stamped with the brand
of guilt. Ministers have determined—or, rather, shall
we say, for it may be nearer the truth—been compelled,
by their ruthless taskmasters, the motley Radicals, to
press forward this most .dangerous measure : at once
the most alieri to the wishes and distasteful to the feel-
ings of the people of England which that laboratory of
all that is mean, stupid, and offensive—the Melbourne
Cabinet—has yet concocted. When we consider that
the national Church, the hierarchy of which forms the
third Estate in the realm—composed of men of various
political opinions, who, on ordinary questions, differ
widely in their views—is almost to a man opposed to
it ; that the large, and respectable, and influential body
of Wesleyan Methodists—by far the most numerous
and powerful of all the denominations of Dissent—has,
in the most unequivocal way, denounced it; imitating
in this respect the noble example set by the Non-con-
formists of a former day, who unanimously rejected
the proffered Toleration Act of James 11., because they
knew that they would not enjoy its benefits without
aiding the insidious attempts of that ill-starred Mo-
narch to re-establish Popery; that upwards of 3,000
.•.•

etitions, in an incredibly short space of time, have
spoken the sense of the constituencies against it, whilst
not 100 were presented in its favour; that a minority
in Parliament, of unprecedented weight and power, has
trampled upon it with disgust ; that the House of Lords
would, if it were brought before them in a legitimate
way, in the shape of a bill, and not foisted into and
incorporated with a money vote, instantaneously reject
it ; we confess that with all our experience of what this
Ministry can do and has done, we are staggered at its
effrontery.
And yet these are the men who talk of deference to
Public opinion !—who openly profess that it is their
creed not to think for themselves, or channel out paths
in which they deem it right that public opinion should
flow; but to march in the van of popular clamour, and
keep back measures which they hold to be beneficial
until Bristol riots and Newhill mobs have demanded
them ; for such was the excuse made by Lord John
Russell when accused of deserting the banner of Re-
form in 1826, and such was the line of argument used
by Lord Melbourne when defending lately the present
system of corn laws. These are the men who now have
so far " screwed their courage to the sticking place" as
to dare to confront public opinion, collected, not from the
dregs of our population clamouring for they know not
what in noisy and tumultuous array, but' from the ear-
nest and deep-toned remonstrance of educated Bri-
tain ; and to imult it by a prey tied` tiger of a boim

11
which it indignantly rejects. But there 15 re
in all things." Unless Ministers sacrificed ogle
foul offering as this at the shrine of the Baal to svo.
they have bent their knee, they could no longer /0
tarn their tremulous and dancing balance of the
majority. When, during the war in Canada if`ll,,
middle of the last century, the French made use tiie
dian savages as allies, they gave free permission teti
latter to tomahawk and scalp their opponents in
to conciliate their appetite for brutally torturing t
nail of t°
foes. This outrage upon humanity was r-,.tholics
price paid for their assistance. The Roman faith
who are the hereditary enemies of our Protestsut Pa
and Church, can at any moment turn the gale it:
liament. Therefore tey must be propitiated Its
h order
blow at the functions of the Establishmen, Luii 0•
that some thirty or forty placemen may retain t-eir
larks and office. Lied
roar

, it „
But let never be forgotten that there is a -
majority of forty-five English representatives ag;ilo,
the Government scheme for tampering with th the
dations of our National Church and withdraw" for
blessings of its influence from the destitute poo.r•tor
this is the true account of the matter. The ~.4111. for
ence of a Treasury board, caring little or r0t71,3,
religion, or, perhaps, openly hostile to it, is hi,,our
ble with the operation of the machinery offered by,
parochial clergy. They will never consent W 11 of s
the Word of God, or sanction the introductl?nedv•
scheme which has for its basis the avowal that incov
eating the youthful mind the distinctive alldie tie
doctrines of Christianity may be blotted out from
New Testament.

We shall be painfully anxious to see the coarse ro
sued by the House of Lords. Sinister coll'hilvr3fils•
abroad to which we will give no counteuane,e 'era
th er allusion. We cannot believe that the tivn`vtl
tive and Protestant Peers of England will ar ei•O'
Session. to pass by without in some way or °t'erd fed'
cing their cordial concurrence with the giant -beattle'
ers of our Church, who have been fighting the 111
and gained all but victory, in the House of Colnin°- e'reV
them mark their sense of that order in Cottnewhil'veliforo
the Treasury Committee crawled into being. '-de vse
of Parliament, in this instance most unfairly filanosa
of by Ministers, preclude them from directlY°.l)rf,lo
this prostitution of public money to what
of paj'
called Education : but their opinions are 13:
ce C't
locked—their voice may be heard in a sera
web
righteous condemnation against the princiPfvv
will gnaw, like a canker-worm, at the root ofd fro
lity which otherwise would flow, and has il°w;end'ai
the a,
annual grant of Parliament to the Nat'°.-eip ad'
British .and Foreign School Societies. Letrappell;
dress the Queen with a firm and dignifle%;of"
and, carried as such an appeal would be hY cor
whelming majority, and backed as it is by snc`.:lore
currence of feeling out of doors, we should Icitvded;
hopes that the order in Council' would be re6ca' cos'
and the grant of £30,000, stripped of the ncli:-010
trol which will press like an incubus 4°
then become a boon instead. of a curse to the 1.-. th
tb
tVr
This is no time for mincing compliments
Ministry. The Duke of Wellington has 411/2°.tell over
once thrown the broad shield of his Prnt'tiViere,
their menaced defeat; but Quousque tangy' of
is. a limit to human patience when a raatteLt roe'
vital importance as the education of our Ow" 'o'
lation is at stake. On this, if on any other citgeca,
we may most emphatically say that " Englan
that every man should do his duty."

The Times, in one of its powerful articies;e'':,
have done such good service to the cause we
61:00
heart, recommends that the House of Lords of
vote an address to the Queen, condenulat°,rY,oioi°9
bedchamber " minute" wherein is recorded we
of a Whig-Radical Ministry that a cabal of Pee desf;,
from behind the Throne ought to influence til.aiooe
nies of Britain. With all deference to the° t 0;0
our able contemporary, we think differentlY•
e a It
minute remain upon record. Let it hang 1iZ0.9.
stone round the necks of the degenerate W'''''oolol
will cripple them hereafter, and stultify theill:t is tf)°,
we are much mistaken, before long. nut: of °l':
contemptible to call for interference on the P schs.
of Houses the two of Parliament. 11/1° c, Doo
is r
said or clone or written in a back palour re
ing-street, until it comes forth embodied in s°:elcll°
lution, or bill, or order in Council ? Why' 87; 101111‘e
Lord Melbourne and his colleagues be allowe".tioVc.
themselves ridiculous by sitting in solemn c°6o;ao'
and signing billets doux about Ladies of the I3ea
into bsc`'
ber ? The overt act of Ministers in speal6ll:d
office, under the protection of parasols e'iv oor
has been already denounced and unequiv°ciptice;
demned. This pitiful "minute"- is beneath 2U
00 the
and we should be really sorry to see it brekerjho
iliac
wheel of an address from the Lords of P3fri. bC°l'
P arvos parva decent. Let this precious pale
-
lowed to rest quietly in the escritoire of the Ca
Cabinet, or in any other place 0,1,
" Where broken vows and death-bed alms are
And lovers' hearts with ends of ribbon bowl"'
Cages for gnats, and chains to yoke a
Dried butterflies, and tomes of casuistry:

tar
be Of all the modes in which legislation can et Pr(/'
on, perhaps that of pledging the State to abstr: otsee
positions, to be carried into execution at s°"solic'
day,
is the most objectionable. It is a Iwlic),„ dice;
until the accession of the Melbourne Cabinet; bi $.
was studiously avoided and discountenance",,,,
preceding Governments. For the unwortill
of faction, and to force itself upon the Cre)i• uf
principle was abandoned by the present 7,l.spainiecieelli
the case of the appropriation clause. Inder; ceder°
of the baseness of this stratagem, it WaS P-beie, cO'
of a highly dangerous nature; and the indel":„,ll.l'c'
fgrace which it has branded upon its 8001°1.'5 of
io
ater declaiming when out of office that it ``l3-01
dispensable necessity, and, when possesse" a
oaves and fishes, threw it overboard—win bre; 'gotte;'
ing to all future politicians; not lightly to be 12'4' .(16
But in the case of Canada, Lord John 'l'l,i':e°l/',
anxious to embark Parliament in the same °IP. 'kV'
unstatesmanlike course. He would haveitedeOte,
of Commons pledge itself to a vague a"",;,-
resolution about the incorporat;on and legisla". tree'
of the Upper and Lower Provinces—t° be:00 1)0i
nobody knows ho AT---to be carried into execu-roo'
body knows when—a plan in nubibus, to be
Sir e
11
hereafter. But the threatened oppOsiti°ll °t" t
Peel has wholly disconcerted the puny le3derthst
House of Commons, and we have little fear r cer
will press his second bill embodying, °I. r3ttboea
sisting of, this idle assertion -of a princiPle';3o-
sion, even if he offers it to the House. This g
instance of the Conservative opposition directing
mode in which the Government is to be c°-
But they have a thankless oflide.

Infidelity, like its twin sister Popery, b-33,fe1:;"-114
ofb late to step from its lurking places, ana ""d, eet'
oldly through the length and breadth of the 1at,13.010 of
ting at defiance, not only the religious institn'ee.orit
the land, but even public decency itself. IVel'ectare;
walls placarded with announcements of Pllbliefeoles
in. defence of infidel principles, and we find "iteaseil,
ring around us dedicated to the Goddess
These things are calculated to excite feelings 0. of the
in the minds of all who have the best intere'wovire'
country at heart, and who are anxious that our I'
3001)
land
should be armed against danger with the P
of that "righteousness" which " exalteth a natinrlxl;eote
reflection that rampant infidelity was the i,,nlfrarie.
prelude of the revolutionary phrensy that 1113",e.rillai'
a second Pandemonium Is not calculated t°
these feelings of alarm. bile ye
That we are not indulging in exaggeration, ‘vt if s'
make these remarks will be abundantly evict° bee
consider the indefatigable exertions which Ilitifidel
made within the last few years for the spread I,oeen
and revolutionary notions. Lecturers have iv36o
rambulating the country for the purpose of
the Oti „s
with
s el
the poisonous tenets of Owenisni
among
teetriine'o,olo
1
the people—the press has been literally
tracts and pamphlets in which these doctrines are
atle. t
inculcated—attempts have been insidiously
ersoce
W;
render so powerful an institution as the Teigl,Pailtoc
Society ej
subservient to the spread
of these
principles—and, we are sorry to add, that Public
to led
un
nalists have been found who are base enough
adatio°
the influence of their talents to the moral de` orri'
of their country. We allude particularlY W.pg a°
fir
ters in the Weekly Dispatch—a journal enPrin „Oil
dilation of sixty or seventy thousand a-we6k

articles of the niol
are published frog
Pervades this abort
fidel character. pressible avidity,
forth its conternPl
religion; and non
rancorous and bit
t
individuali who Bel
he ledge tit;
and who wish to it
a more general reg
Our present obi
tion of our reader
effects already pro
which we have alit
a formidable attern.
infidels to break up
1411. This
bu attemP
t not without col
play of the most f
atterok at Stock
found po
fol in another cc
; and we are afr
s
example which will
carcely conceivabl
expre-ss purpose 01
Iloly Scriptures sl
truded
de upon, in t
graded infidels
Proceedings ,
. Such
P°ll. The blackgo
seen( The
have been
we strongly suspect
Papists among then
fidelity is an exceed
in which 'we live.
Ad
Pare reliel are identical.
44%1(1 ehurch—b
t'ot gion and
therefore, won(
between them. Tb
result of congeniali The cond
Porto uct of '
n the occasi(
loua
bationin the highest
very love
the endsf of the I
she
of their right tc
the corporate functi
44Yed themselves
°'lll ucwho obtruded them
when theceeded in
Y obtainsi
We shall
Nell not take
conduct on Protected and
the supi
intimidation or
forrner, it sho'
the latter, it brands
grossest dereliction
wiBh,
corn
!IMOkntlier disgraceful
the Principles.
leen, at the le
‘'''ven, t
4he notorio,
elbourne, the P 1
Nietie that we cc when we saw the
Papers„ We thong
tall4t have been son
,114' of being nail
L'ltr incredulity was
7, °II the list of ad
e/e9ates of th
knichka Religionist
N„.
o Ihea to ince
l'rPoses
elt4it be to aineliorf,
thought
414tr0 duce to the not
1
who4l,
, 44,
uc independ
among hE
a illeaseures for acne
V'tk univers
outrage unipo co
inay here me
theiretttirers
advise th
,etrapels and el
iti
..ic the secular 1
°4 11' teacher. Thi
the, for we find,
,lt
niinisters
tr-I4tlllated on th
freely giVillg
1,,44411. Paulton
:tk:oru-Law Le; an
tkailistance, the
.
1„ 'Need front till
4ht
bilthedi:ll.lrtleitthilirs court
ekaruple thus E
111, in the face o
.°llPpose we shz
1/letli, and the in:
"i°4 of our eb
;IN
Preventlng the
and ,
"t of public
J.eittEe' most ast
',der
Memorable
',der
Nght t() 6
t kdonl, until our
t;ll'401n of the cc
e battle of the
tveßisnratiouaer Court Preeent in the
t4tive
tittai 3
at
tact]
Interests. \\
Isl.-ati
‘e hiends i 11,41,1;4()4 of the col
At the 1)r
1,1/4)4'lt• It is nom
t.l'ertaiectionoty that
,\A
tkt
4:11e MleneVer it
a kit alto ,et
uaer •
Vatlve priala
dad
,tltter
11 scot
.141b.lig,
of p
illßlfied in c;
ford' o
t,
,duty t

, "et pry is
its iee~hr m
b aiest
5t11,-:11 flozetatve re'
"4
0-I°f 14Y re,
1 `1114; 3rd of 4;l''
°ll fre. ll'
fi
thiti I,ew,i gat.
4°ln
%,,r•hist elosa g 10(
4;1,4;43 wereed,
eTC j4t as(B°
f \vorkitani
tr„ ,ta
fe,
Of
ho:(lN't
arl"f they
col k'°
wheti
kly, 4.4'4. they Pi
theml e
t, to fine
th 4 ,t° be
.age;
j."qict(), h'Pe f
44tie" /vhiletQr
11: and
Cqllll re is 0 ep(
11,e
..etted !le ft
irkd tici ivel.l3
tht \e:l for t"hißrla
iloegro p,o e
44'1 ti \‘' 'oltlpulk
/)111 le ti
at
umber
cliff :t°
the
444411ptirnatddiN
44,14‘1arlo,eci th
4:eceter,
el„41
bil
41.1h0 e%Pe • ate'
41144 t:
fr„41.43, alr
tht kegs he e
Ztt Bev sue
-cc rie7re
it
I

rea°'
to ,ash
, which
7 !O.
a bar'

eh

article
''''' a a the Most blasphemous and infidel character
are publ6l
--'l3ed from week to week. The animus which
fidei di..._es this abominable print is of an essentially in-
P 11,7eter• It seizes habitually, and with irre-
futtc"u avidity, on every opportunity for pouringh
religio„4B efttenipt upon everything connected with
ratt 4 and none seem to be more the objects of its
iudivienr°llB and bitter enmity, than those praiseworthy
the knowledge
who seek to disseminate among the poor
am knowledge that " maketh wise unto salvation,,,
sznolireb° wish to induce among the labouring classes
Q.. general regard for the sacred day of rest.
tio;'w Present object, however, is to direct the atten-
eff cf °ltr readers to a few glaring proofs of the
wheict: already produced by the infidel agitation to
ani_oderm..iwdeahhaleve alluded. It is only a few days since
14fianels to breaatitteumnpt was made by a gang of reckless
but This at a meeting of Protestants at Exeter
tempt was, however, happily frustrated,
Ala I:3
without considerable disturbance, and the dis-
attl'ef the roost ferocious violence. A more recent
foil relit at Stockport, the particulars of which will be
ful ti(linA another column, has proved but too success-
exaV we are afraid that we must look upon it as
an
Beare which will be followed in other towns. It
is
ex.pre.lY conceivable that a meeting convened for the
'Lies:, Purpose of promoting the circulation of the
4.4l:erintures should, in christian England, be in-
cleam% 11P°11, in the manner described, by a set of
proc—med infidels, and have an effectual stop put to its
portetdings. Such, however, was the case at Stock-
em The
lisbe
have who perpetrated this outrage
we strop 'ave been chiefly Chartists and Socialists ; butf
Pap. gIY suspect that there was a strong muster o
(leliiBt,;„azn°rtg them. The alliance of Popery with in-
i4,,4,(4 an exceedingly significant sign of the times.
ktioare identical.
fidel'tc4lve live. The objects of both Papist and in-
I3oth aim at the destruction of our
1/4 441
411141—both seek to extinguish the light of
plire
t4gio
not, th._, n and undefiled" in the. land..
_We need
--"143re., wonder at the unanimity which prevails
bttlybe_teen t
l
-ut of 4111. Their co-operation is but the natural
congeniality of sentiment.
po;t7o:ollduct of the municipal authorities at Stodck-
IN in ~.the occasion to which we refer, was scan a-
batio„'e highest degree, and deserving of the repro-
the f", of., eve,--.3, lover of order. Instead of protecting
else
0711/48 of the Bible Society in the peaceable exer-
ile corpora their right to assemble for a benevolent purpose,
altayeate functionaries of Stockport seem to have
itthoi; theta
on the side of the infidel vagabonds
obk °traded themselves upon the meeting, and who
-4Y inceee ,
Whet
tt ued
in putting a stop to the proceedings
liVe tho,aeY Obtained the co-operation of the police.
Nth conductnc take upon ourselves to decide whether
Arch
on the part of those who should have
°fin--;da.,d supported the chairman was the result
‘Qt fo,„_"anon or of partiality. If it proceeded from
the latter •Qter, it
showed the basest cowardice ; if from
gro,, it brands them as having been guilty of the
Ze4t.4erelietion of principle.
4Sotlie4l6"l. ' in connection with this matter, to refer to
414(leir disgraceful instance of the favour shown to
tile quP a
iciplee. We allude to the presentation to
lvto een, at the levee on Wednesday last, of Robert
lielboutri'ille notorious apostle of Socialism, by Lord
ekifes4
thate, the Prime Minister of England ! We,
When 1 we could scarcely " believe our eyes'
l'aPerB.v.,,ean' the Portentous announcement in the
41114 have"re thought that the individual so presented
tkle been some one labouring under the misfor-
t) °I he'
lir ilk, I°.g named the same as the arch-infidel.
4410nk the Was, however, removed when we found
,tbi,:t1.604,;(4,7-e;ae itieBst of addresses one "from the Congress of
Poiq li of the Universal Community Society
, of
eligionists soliciting the Government to ap-
Pr
0p0tije4.7.43 to
Congress
investigate' measures which the _
Sktiat b* to ameliorate the condition of society." What
odu: thciught of the Prime Minister that could
I,le t 4 the notice of our young Queen an indivi-
41„ttoth:;_indePendently of his infidel notions, seeks to
I;seait arriong her Majesty's subjects, as one of his
a ures
Vat f°r ameliorating the condition of society,"
, ero of .
nutraf, unwersal concubinage ! Such conduct is
We
may 111)011 common decency.
tekt 'aY her • incidentally that the Socialist
tlret. e mention
their
,
8 advise the ministers of religion to convert
*lli chapels
eh the and Churches into " halls of science," in
lls is
secular lecturer should supersede the reli-
tik "'aeher, Th. • •
h tt, for I is advice is beginning
t,.4therp;w:e find, in the Anti-Corn-Law Circular,
t:81:444-irletrers and congregations in Scotland are
1 ' freei , nti the liberality which they have evinced
khiNr. p) igiving the use of their churches (?) to
' 'tii: rhall't°ll and Shearinan," the emissaries of the
one
i.,..,:t'ae:„Law League. Nay, we are told that, " in
41414ottleed `e, tile day appointed for the lecture was,
hoe,. eircuitz:ni. the pulpit on the previousSunay
14:14 in this then expresses a wish that the religious
clai ekaulpieist,country may soon be induced to follow
1\..41, in the
faus set in Scotland. We may well ex-
P4:,411pp4e ice of these statements, " What next ?"
4'''eta, an, II Shan soon hear of the Chartists, the
11' Noll of " the infidels, (a worthy triad,) taking pos-
y (1 Pre1,,,,,, churches and chapels on the Sabbath,
I itet 4'44 the people of England from performing
kr of .
Ni 4,.„ Public devotion. We are certainly " pro-
ti rhaSt astonishingly !
ill a
pro-
11,. e hie_
b■ft....,............L.............___________
Ic4et no glh°r•4 l advice of the great Conservative
.
Itlttioni g t toebe echoed annually throughout this
ItIN ' until
themdo of I'm' country is finally rescued from the
IL battle the contemptible faction now in power,
th,. of the constitution is to be fought in the
sver ,i.lor, e
rval),!eeerit Courts' Let these talismanic words be
ti, 'lve, anon the mind of every true and loyal Con-
-11 interests' then we shall have no fear for our na-
4'tl, • 1 ,
bii,4tlve hie• \ e would strenuously urge our Con-
tt:linli of nildB in Liverpool, and in the Northern.
, lo n. 'L'e county, to attend to the present reps-
4'erta At the
k ht. it . Present moment this advice is all-im-
weertaitit I now more thanprobable,it amounts to
tl) 11'
teti()
‘3)
that We shall soon have another general
''me „ Let lie then'
it1(1 "herier . "Lien, be prepared for the contest,
ti:a
kill er it may. " A long pull, a strong pull,
servativ4h°gether," should be the motto of the
k„ litter : Phalan
-X. The next struggle will issue in
fti"e ht o; and prostration of WhiggFry
to; lnitifier; ? Per and
and Infidelity. We are, there-
, 'l° th • ' in calling
k'nli their
dut • • upon our Conservative friends
nuN viet_r ) unitedly and perseveringly, until the
~,,,_° Y is achieved.
, 11‘, her------n.,••
latii, Nt'a"_______!_,
_maaws----"Now•mn....--______________
29tht', we
._ JeBtY'n packet Delight, from the West
ht/1:11 Quze'tevereceived our usual files of the Jamaica
on of m
.'
espatch, Gazette, and Standard, to the
.4 the ' 4Y nelu- ,
442 and of j 'll e• The Delight left Cape Henri
.Ile orl f,, . line. She has brought about 80,000
'eight
Ni llewg fr •
beep
Ivorf, °ln Jamaica is still unfavourable. Every
juat ; a gi°°lll), asly,ct
eßto eaosed, s ' A ' • The crops-, which had
411,i. es Were _ Rowed an alarming falling off. The
here it
itiq as (3' far quiet, that they idled their time
toell following faeY or caprice might dictate. They
tqlewiti_g few hours per day in one week, and on
1.10_,N; amg _the were to be found sitting down idly
trI•ei)111:. `itillvehyether it Was plantation labour or house-
% ork
h 414 t, . Perfomed, the least remonstrance or
Nve them of nle••
ti hettl 44_ Irt.eleney on the part of the employer,
il
'"'°l4ti°ll to Tediate °Wenee, and the master had the
(If ‘ltk 4 to be find
himself suddenly servantless. This
t•44igeto4koci tangedner_ni
. description of the present state
i.hti, hope for the Despatch remarks that "it is in
.1,4,i , vitiihit an thing like fair dealing, probity, or
ie anq indit Physical force power holds sway over
c ere • ePenderice,s
Nlnt„ 18 One feat
IVe ..41 Iv ure of a most alarming character
NI ..ith the
Dtite net he, present state of Jamaica, to which
and • 'P
adverti •
ritded in dig_ log in terms of the strongett sur-
Ik4t‘te Zekf:: hen.p4utli.Z.ase\Veallnde to the facilities af-
ao, Pcptil4ti of arms and ammunition by
11(1 v %LI . °IL The
"'ensthe b 111 the wand
,Despatch states that these
,Gyei ,
`without let or hindrance :"
I{4l' nu Gazette
~ ~,.at,,,, r of fir explicitly asserts than " an im•
"IN ''' for th ll c-arms have been purchased at
t°* tl''" ad • e purpose c
sodll kit, Chto. that 0, being carried into the
atl 1,
k .(tated i 7 a communication from Spanish
6t aa,h hat ~ the Ne
11thlio toter, _.
eri groes from Vere, Clarendon,
aeon
4 g 4 earbirig erally travel With a short gun, re-
-14t4 Nculatede',and cutlass each." This informa-
xeite the strongest feelings of
:t. ditlati'lallY When we
tkill%l.
.em„,„_. - LO e- •
consider the spirit of in-
the rc,e4 patio airead
free
• I% "°° Preval
the ittet4 . e coil . ently manifested by the
111()%t to sue , et of the authorities in permitting
Ilk '3eere "angerous iveapons is deserving of
ttew tePretie
~
a of the , 1110 n.
.43 . iittr, , .
t'ullvtion of the Gweruraeut

measure respecting Jamaica had reached that island,
and we find the papers chiefly occupied in discussing
the merits of the plan. The'Royal Gazette seems to
advise compliance with the ministerial propositions,
while it is forced to acknowledge that they are univer-
sally unpopular in the island. It remarks—" All we
would say at this time is, to hope that those who are
most inimical to the measure will be guarded, and not
betray a vehemence, which they may hereafter regret.
It is a measure which few can justify, and we are sorry
to think it has been done with a bad spirit against the
inhabitants of this island. Out of evil cometh good,
however, and we are inclined to hope, that, however
unjust and arbitrary._and filled with evil consequences
the measure may be and at present appears, Jamaica
will yet triumph, and be a flourishing and happy colony."
The Despatch denounces the measure as arbitrary and
revolutionary. With reference to the statements made
by Mr. Labouchere, in support of the Government
measure we find the following very conclusive remarks
in the Despatch of May 27 :—" Nothing could more
clearly betray the extreme ignorance of parliamentary
members with regard to the actual condition of Jamaica
than the fact that Mr. Labouchere's miscalculation
with regard to the amount of the white and coloured
population, was swallowed as gospel, and suffered to
pass without contradiction. The Sub-Secretary, with
the most deplorable ignorance or wilful perversion of
the truth, stated that he believed the white inhabitants
of Jamaica might be rated at 5,000, a number hardly
equal to the white population of Kingston alone, with-
out computing the other towns, seaports, and extensive
parishes of the island ;—and surely Lord Normanby's
Sub-Secretary might have gained his information from
his superior, before he ventured to put forward such a
proof of gross misrepresentation in the House of Com-
mons. The white inhabitants of this colony are rated
at least at 35,000, the privileged free-coloured at
100,000, and the newly-emancipated at 311,381, rather
a small discrepancy in the estimate of the Sub-Secretary,
in deducting from one side 102,000, and adding to the.
other 8,619, merely for the base purpose of making it
appear that the constituency of the colony was confined
to from 1500 to 2000 persons, a misrepresentation pro-
mulgated by his Excellency Sir Lionel Smith and his
Baptist and Stipendiary faction ; whereas it can be
proved that there are now in Jamaica a white, brown,
and black population, eligible to exercise the elective
franchise of no less than 135,000, who can, if they
choose, vote for their own representatives ; and as the
newly-emancipated are daily acquiring property in
freeholds to qualify them to vote, it is most ,likely the
number will be soon doubled. The pretence, there-
fore, that the blacks are unrepresented, is all fudge ; as
it is notorious that at the last Kingston election, they
stood a severe contest in favour of their candidate, Mr.
Hart; and it is also notorious that most of our patrio-
tic members have polled a great number of the votes
of the black electors. It is a mere excuse, therefore,
for their own despotism, for the Government to assert
that the free Negroes are unrepresented, for they at
present possess equal, if not superior influence to the
whites, and if a proper qualification be not speedily
enacted, the interests of the capitalist and proprietory
classes may be soon over-balanced in the Assembly.
They are the parties who have most to dread from the
fear of oppression, and the dishonest and corrupt in-
trigues of a perfidious faction."
With respect to the agricultural prospects of the
island the Jamaica Standard gives the following gloomy
information :—" The May rains have fairly set in, and
under ordinary circumstances we ought to feel grate-
ful for the re-appearance of vegetation after a drought
of so many months; but such is our lamentable posi-
tion as far as the agricultural interests are concerned,
that we fear the planters have not much reason to con-
gratulate themselves. We know that very few had
finished crop as yet; and we also know that many of
the canes are perishing for want of the bill. Canes
that should have been cut three months ago are still
standing, except those which the rats have cut down !
We are indebted to an intelligent planting friend for
the following remarks :—‘ I have travelled during the
last week upwards of a hundred miles in the parishes
of St. James's, Hanover, and Westmoreland, and am
sorry to find the state of cultivation more backward
than my worst fears had anticipated. I have con-
versed with various men of practical information, and
they all declare, they see no prospect of making any-
thing worth the name of a crop next year ; and even
this is so deplorably deficient, that in these three pa-
rishes the falling off may be estimated at not less than
5000 hhds. sugar, and a corresponding quantity of
rum. I cannot see any fall plant established ; the few
acres that have been planted three or four months ago
have never been cleaned k and I defy a botanical pro-
fessor to say, amidst the glorious confusion of weeds,
what plant is the one to be cherished ! No trash has
been tened on one piece of rattoons, as the whole of
the labourers who do work are now required to make
five hhds a-week where they formerly made 10 ; and 10
where they made 20 ! As for corn, I saw none. The
poultry and other small stock on estates have totally
disappeared. If you ask an overseer why he does not
plant, the answer is,—" What is the use ? I can get no
one to watch it at night, and it is all stolen." In short,
a person might as reasonably expect to get a feed of
corn in Kamtschatka as in the county of Cornwall,
unless what is imported from Cuba or America. The
wages I find are much the same' in the three parishes,
viz., from is. Bd. to 3s. 4d. per day, free of any charge.
If these are not liberal, then I must confess my igno-
rance of the meaning of the word. Whether such
excessive liberality be consistent with good policy,
seems snore than doubtful, since it leaves the employer
entirely at the mercy of the labourer. This is not
surprising, as I am not aware that the peasantry in
any country work from choice. Necessity is the grand
impulse. On reflection, then, lam of opinion, that
unless some mighty change takes place, and that
speedily, the cultivation of the sugar-cane in the west
end of the island must ceases' We need only add,
that the concurrent testimony of almost every man
engaged in the planting line, leads us to a similar con-
clusion with our correspondent."

We rejoice to find that the monetary prospects of
Jamaica ace of a promising character. The prospec-
tive establishment of the Planters' Bank was looked
forward to with much interest. On this subject the
Despatch remarks :—" We are happy to state that the
plans for the establishment of the Planters' Bank are
being matured, and that a general meeting is convened
for the 14th prox. by the provisional directors, in order
to submit to the subscribers their report preparatory
to commencing operations. We congratulate the
country on the prospects of a local institution of this
kind, supported by the inhabitants interested in the
prosperity of agriculture, and designed to aid and re-
lieve those who are lal9ouring under difficulties pecu-
liar to the Jamaica planter at the present time, and
which the unfortunate sufferers could neither have
controlled nor foreseen. The numbers and respecta-
bility of the shareholders, who came forward in so
short a time, show the lively interest taken in the suc-
cess of the undertaking ; and we have little doubt that
it will rival even the most favoured institution of the
sort in the island (namely, the Local Bank), in sup-
plying sources of private industry and emolument,
and promoting public utility. We heartily wish the
Planters' Bank every success."
Sir Lionel Smith's recal from Jamaica was the topic
of universal congratulation amongst all respectable
classes of the community in Jamaica.

By the Palmyra we have received a file of Demerara
papers (the Guiana Chronicle) to the 20th of May in-
clusive. They do not contain much intelligence of
importance. Great complaints were made in the Colony
on the subject of the currency, owing to the incon-
gruities between the fractional parts and multiples of
dollars and cents and English sterling money, and
those of the local currency so long in use among the
inhabitants of the Colony. The old local currency
consists of the guilder, the two guilder piece, the three
guilder piece, the bitt, and the half-bitt. While people
are forced to keep their accounts in dollars and cents,
they are obliged, at the same time, to have to do with
coins which necessarily involve them in a labyrinth of
fractional parts. These descrepancies, which are the
source of so much inconvenience in several of our
Colonies, ought to be obviated by some general enact-
ment.

We have frequently asserted that there is little or no
foundation for the statements made in the Anti-slavery
points respecting the tyranny practised towards the
Negroes in the West Indies. In most cases such
statenicati axe gosay ,exaggerated,. and
.in ipine in-

stances they are pure fictions, concocted for selfish and
sinister purposes. As a specimen of the manner in
which the cruelty-mongers get up their cases we dub-
join a curious conversation, in which Mr. Scoble, one
of the Aldermanbury agents, cuts but a sorry figure.
The following conversation was copied by Mr.
M'Clelland, the editor of the Gazette, from the nar-
rative of Vincent himself, and afterwards read over to
him, when he attested that it was correct :
On Sabbath the 21st April, on returning from this famous
mission of peace at Vreed-en-Hoop, John Scoble met,
between the main road and the Ferry Stelling on the far side
of the river, a man whom he thus accosted—" My man,
where did you come from ? Man.—l belong to Vreed-en-
Hoop estate.

John Scoble.—What are you upon that estate ? Man.—
Foreman.

John Scoble.—My man you're the very person I want to
see. Since freedom took place, how have you been treated ?
Man.—We have been treated upon this estate as good as
upon any estate in this colony.
John Scoble.—What is your name ? Man.—Name Thos.
Vincent.

John Scoble.—What do you mean by treated well ?—Vin-
cent.—The good industrious people are treated well, but
they who are idle and lazy are not treated well.

John Scoble.—Weeding and moulding thirty-six beds for
two-bilts; do you call that treated well? Vincent.—For
thirty-six beds they get a guilder, and at that rate they can
make ten dollars a month.

Scoble.—Will you swear that ? Vincent.—l will.

Scoble.—lf I bring you before a court, will you swear
that ? Vincent.-1 will.

Scoble.—l know that the manager gives only two bitts for
weeding and moulding thirty-six beds, and you are telling
me lies. Vincent.—No, Sir, the manager gives a guilder for
thirty-six beds.

Scoble.—The people told me that the manager gave only
two bitts. Vincent—Please your honour, sir, I beg your
pardon ; that is not true.

Scoble.---What do you get in the month. Vincent. —Just
the same as the other people get ; that is, ten dollars a
month, and sometimes I get a little more than that.
Scoble.—Do you know who lam ? Vincent.—l heard
about you.

Scoble.—My name is John Scoble. lam your friend. I
am the man that made you all free. Vincent.—l know that
sir, but though we be free, we must work for our living.
Scoble.—l see that you head men on the estates stick up
more for the whites than for your own colour. Don't be
afraid to tell me every thing, because you are free men now,
and no person dare hurt you, have you got any children ?
Vincent.—No sir, I had five, hut they are all dead.
Scoble.—Now what could kill your five children but want
of care ? Vincent.—No it was not want of care. The Lord
gave and the Lord has taken away. The people got very
good care ; every woman got a month after her child was
born, before she was asked to do any work at all, and even
then was only required to do some little light work about the
buildings for two or three weeks, during which time she was
never sent to the field in any one case.
Scoble.—lt was want of care, because fathers and mothers
did not get time to take care of their children—did I not
know Mr. Sanderson the time he was at Wales, how he
treated the people—since freedom, how long do the women
get after their confinement, before they have to turn out to
work ? lam not sure, I don't take notice now.

Scoble.—l see you are not a friend to your own fellow.
creatures. Who gave you that watch ?

Vincent.—l got it since I was prentice labourer, not since
free take place.

Scoble.—Does your master give you clothes or anything
now ? Vincent.—Before free he did, but now lam obliged to
buy them myself—you say I am a free man now.

Scoble.—Yes, I do say so. Vincent.—This is Sunday ;
to-morrow is Monday. (I don't want to give any insolence,
Mr. Scoble.) Now, if you had an estate, and I had a cot-
tage on it, as one of your labourers, and I would sit down in
my house on to-morrow morning, the first working day in
the week, and not move out to work any till Saturday night,
and then come to you for my week's wages, would you pay
me?
Scoble.—No I would not.

Vincent.—Or please your honour sir, if you bought a piece
a land, and would hire men to work on it by task-work, and
them not do that task, would you pay them the full wages ?

Scoble.--I would not.

Vincent.—How can you expect an estate to build cottages
at a great expense, and pay the people for living in them
without working : look at the fine cottages on this estate,
there is not finer in the Colony.
Scoble.—Why don't they make bargains and pay rent for
their cottages, then in order to enable them to pay the rent,
they must get higher wages ?
Vincent.—Some people have cottages to live in who are
not able to work, and how could they pay rent ?
Scoble.—When the women stop at home from the field, a
day occasionally to wash their clothes, or perform any part
of their household work, does Mr. Sanderson older thas
things to be thrown out into the dam, and themselves to be
turned out after them ?

Vincent.—The manager turns no personoff the estate that
is willing to work. He turns no one off for being absent
one, or even two days. He turns nobody off but idle lazy
people.
Scoble.—Oh, you remember when the Coolies ran away to
Mahaica ?

Vincent.—Yes, I do.
Scoble.—Do you know when they came back?

Vincent—Yes.

Scoble.—Were they not put in the sick-house and locked
up in the stocks the night they returned, and taken out and
flogged the next morning ?
Vincent.—l heard that the Coolies were flogged, but I
never saw it.

Scoble.—They were flogged, and Mr. Sanderson and Mr.
Jacobs were present and saw them flogged.
Vincent.—No, sir, Mr. Sanderson never saw them flogged.
Scoble.—lf I buy an estate in this Colony, you shall never
be the foreman of it, for you are not a friend to the people,
and you have told me nothing but lies ; nothing but a bundle
of lies.

We understand that the proposed demonstration of Pro-
testant feeling to be made at Newton, next September, by
the united Protestant Associations of Liverpool, Manchester,
Warrington, Wigan, and Northwich, is extorted by the mani-
fest growth of Popish influence in Parliament, and the de-
ference of Government to it, as exhibited this session by the
Chaplaincy Clause in the Prisons Bill, and the scheme of Edu-
cation. England is forced now to the alternative of yielding
to the dictation of this growing and organized influence,
which aims at nothing less than the prostration of all her
Scriptural Institutions, or uniting in a combination of de-
termined Protestantism, which shall make it clear to any
Government that the time for Popish domination in this
country is not yet arrived. The specific objects of the in-
tended meeting will be threefold—first, to petition Parliament
against any further grant to Maynooth College ; secondly, to
petition for the extinction of the Irish Education Board, and
of the English Board also, should ministers proceed with it
on the strength of the majority of two; and, thirdly, to pro-
mote the formation of Protestant Associations in all the
towns of England.
