trarv, on or before June 14.

R. Dodgson, Preston, Lancashire, innkeeper—J. Leighton, North
Shields, victualler—T. Gilbert, Birmingham, coal-dealer—C. Bollin,
Barossa-place, Chelsea, plumber—J. Ilberv, Doughty-street, mer-
chant—G. A. Whale, Bocking, Essex, innkeeperLG. Rich, Curzon-
street May-fair, tailor— H. Joyce, Milford-lane, Strand, oilman.

NEGRO SLAVER y.—ln remarking on the ministerial plan for
the extinction of slavery, the Christian Advocate says :—" The
people of Great Britain are again swindled out of their most
just expectations by the trickery of our liberal administration !
The state of things contemplated by the plan is not emancipa-
tion, but continued slavery ; if possible, in an aggravated form.
By the very principle of the scheme self-redemption is made
impossible; and yet, self-redemption is the only means pro-
posed for freedom. One-fourth only of the slave's time is, ex
hypothesi, the standard of his value—the whole of this is con-
fessedly necessary to redeem his price; so that it must require
the penurious saving of every sixpence, thus obtained, to pay
for his redemption, when the twelve years are expired; yet he
is expected to pay a half-yearly instalment to government as
his contribution to the liquidation of the colonial loan. It is
perfectly clear that Lord Althorp, and the able Mr. Stanley,
are both ignorant that two and two make four. Let these gen-
tlemen but touch; however lightly, on financial operations, and
they expose_ an ignorance that would shame a charity school-
boy. flow is it possible, at one and the same moment, to ap-
propriate the entire wages to the purpose of self-redemption, at
a distant day, and, meanwhile, to devote a portion of them an-
nually to the payment of the colonial debt ? Thes4liberalgen-
tlemen are absolutely stultified. Thus, then, it is clear,'that
emancipation is rendered impracticable by the very principle of
the arrangement." The publication in question adds,—" We
have the satisfaction of assuring our friends, that the house will
most certainly be divided upon the broad and simple issue of
slavery or freedom. There will be no loophole to escape ; not
a crevice through which a mouse can creep. A distinguished
member has undertaken to do this, should even Mr. Iluxiun
fail ; and we are assured—we know, that this is his determined
purpose."
