To couIIEsPoNDENTs.

.iatt letter of " A toyer of the Established Church" is"tiell.
n'e'nt, but scarcely adapted for publication.. , ••
...,..
.. ,
The
reques"/. 1.1." shall be complied with. On 14 ridaby.
We Purpose introoup:,„, article of some length on the su
Ject of his reluark,."—g —4
.. .
Ve suspect the .wtiter
to be a radical. who assumes the signature " A Tory,"
We must make soaa,
insert the letter
of "A Spy." inquiries before we can
We cannot, at preset",
~ accede to the proposition of "G. M."
We have received -uhickwood, Fraser, and the Dublin Univer-
sity Magazines
, which shall he noticed on Friday.. •
SOIREES AT THR TI
VV. i INsTrrutioN.-14. having' been er-
roneously stated i •
i 41 further piiperg that the neat soiree will
take place
on 'l7e(lttesday the 3d ; the subscribers are respect-
fully Inforcrierliptahlt. NV;;DNEst)AY the 10th is the evening ap-
pointed," stated in the tickets already issued.
~................„__________,_

; •
tI)C •toc
'poot

TUESDAY MORNING, JANUAI?.I7 2, 1833,

The Publication ot..itite:tz_
TAND RcommencedLomcommencedthis moth-
..,A
3 o'clock.

NEGRO APPRENTICEstm..—Te Albion of yesterday
persists in asseverating that the alleged " solemn-con-
tract" entered into between the I'Vest Indians and the
p,ritish people, on the subject of the abolition of slavery,
hag been violated by the former. In saying this, the
Albion' only echoes the cuckoo cry of the
sdiklyled
philanthropists Who hive soy traduced the
planters and maligned the 'legislative assemblies of the
West Indies. We find the Same charge in a memorial
recently presented by the .Auti:klavery delegates to her
ijesty's government. This document has the follow-
ing. paragraph :----

" We, your Lordship's memorialists, •:,ere fully and painfully
convinced' by evidence of a character authentic and indubitable,
of whitAi a large portion is &trivet' from official d'Octioakits, that
slavery in all its essential features, and in some respects under
aggravated circumstances, still exists in the British colonies;
that the principles of the imperial act, passed avowedly for its
extinction, and to effect the emancipatiOn of the negroes, fo‘r
which the immense sum of £2ti,M),600 was paid, have been
syteinatieally nullified, an.; its benevolent intentions grievously
'"1,1 sh4ntetnilv.defented by the Legbd3tures and special magic-
a"Y of the eilonies, on whom its extcutionliasbeen devolved.•.!
11:$ is certainly a seriuns charge. But how does the

iwriter stand ? The imperial Ir,gishonre passed"an ac:
for the extinction of slavery. That act conceded a pay-
ment of- ;1229,000,030 to the planters as a compensation
for the losses contin.ent upon the emancipation of the
negroes, requiting from- the planters, in turn, the fulfil-
'ment of certain conditions bcfore the money could he
paid. Tee colonial legislatures, as we sheaved in our last,
passed. certain acts for carrying out the purposes of the
imperial parliament. Government' were duly certified
of the passing- of such acts, and must have been satisfied
that the provisions of the impel ial act were duly recog-
nised by the colonial assemblies. The money was, in
consequence, paid to the claimants for compensation.
Upon .whom, then, does the responsibility rest ? It i.
evident that if there has been any infraction of die terms

of the " solemn contract," it could only have taken
place with the connivance of government. To say that
they have sanctioned such a proceeding is certainly pay-
ing them a left handed compliment. And yet this is ex-
actly the kind of compliment paid them by the liberal
presq throughout the country !
We are glad, however, as far as the present ministry
can be relied upon in any matter, that there appears no
prospect that the present views of the anti-apprentice.
ship agitators shall be realised. We infer this from the
following reply of Lord Glenelg to the memorial of the
delegates

"D.vxtling-rect, Nnv. 27,

" Sir,—I am directed by Lord Glenelg to acknowledge the
'receipt of the memorial. dated the 17th inst., presented by you
and other gentlemen to his lordship on the ISth, expressing a
desire that her Majesty's governimeut will take the earliest pos-
sible period for introducing a measure into parliament to bring
the system olnegro apprenticeship it 'the colonies to an end, and
further deprecating the appointment of any committee a either
hotte of parliament for the purpose of inquiring into the work-
ing of the present system ; I ant to acquaint you, in reply, that
.I.ord Glenelg, after an anxious Rind minute attention during the
-last two years and a half to the details of this subject, and after
careful consideration of all the information respecting it to
which hislordship has had access, does not feel that there are
sufficient grounds to justify her Majesty's government in pro-
posing to parliament to make so essential an alteration in the
act of 1833 as that which is desired toy the memorialists. His
lordship is further of opinion, that, however desirable it might
be that the apprentiCeship stauld be terminated by acts of the
Colonial ►egislatures before the period fixed by law for its expi-
ration, the proposal by the government to the British parliament
,sof a measure for its immediate abolition would, without tending
to shorten the duration of the present system, have the effect of
pro•tncingirritation, excitement, and disappointment throughout
the \Vest India colonies. It would thereby, in Lord Glenelg's
judgement, present a serious obstacle to the success of the con-
stant-and unremitting endeavours of her Majesty's government
to secure to the apprenticed population the enjoyment of the
immediate rights to which they tire legally entitled, and to in-
sure the ultimate termination of the apprenticeship under cir-
cumstances the most favourable to the fall possession and ex-
ercise of unqualified freedom. In the prosecution of this oh-
feet her Majesty's government will'not hesitate, in case of ne-
cessity, to apply to parliament for such additional powers as may
he required to strengthen the hands of the Executive government
in the discharge of the arduous and responsible tiuty with which
they are intrusted.

". With respect to the desire expressed by.the memorialists,
that her Majesty's- grivernment should resist any proposal for
the appointment of a committee:of either house" of parliament to
inquire into the working of the present system, I am to inform
you that her Majesty's government have,.in the two last sessions
of parliament, assented to the appointment of a committee of
the House of Commons on this .sabject. on the. motion Of Mr.
Buxton, and that, the inquiries of the -last committee having
been interrupted by the•unexpected termination of the session,
a short report was pi esented to the House of Commons, which
appears to have been unanimously agreed to, in which it is
recommended that a select committee should be appointed to
pursue this inquiry in the next session of parlinitent. On the
vround of this inquiry, and of the admitted Odigation on the
government to afford the fullest information which parliament
may require on so important a subject, Lord Glenelg directs
time to state that her Majesty's g,overnment could not, in hie
opinion, be justified in 'refusing their assent to the appointment
of sueh a committee during the present session, if a motion with
that object should be made in either house of pat liatneut.

" I have, &c.,

" Captain Haman!, R.N., &c."

GEORG 2 GREY

We shall again recur to this subject, and conclude for
the pregent by. appending the following notice of ex
stipendiary Paluier's conduct, which we find in the
_Jamaica Despatch, of November 24

"THE Ex-srirE DR. PALMER'S DAUGHTER

" Our leaders no doubt remember that we soinetime since
published a letter'frOm Eleanor Palmer, to her inhuman father,
the notorious ex-St ipe ; and also a confirmatory statement from
11. L. Garrigues, Esq.

"'['his poor creature, Eleanor Palmer, died in the Hospital
of this city on Saturday the ISth instant, and was interred the
succeeding day in a parish coffin, without benefit of clergy,'
the service being actually read by the sexton.
" We have these facts from the brother of the deceased, who
further states, thatqnior to her fhther's departure frotn.Jamaica,
she was starving—and wandered about in almost a state of:',
nudity ; that upon her applying to her father 'for assistance to-
wards her support, the tnhyman, wretch refused the smallest
trifle to save his child from starvation, to prolong her existence.
Until within the last two months, (during which period the de-
ceased hai been an inmate of the hospital) she was supported
by the generosity of a few charitable individuals in St. Andrew
and Kingston; and while the father has been traducing and
libelling the character of the inhabitants of Jamaica; while he
has proclaimed them to Ne ' monsters in the human form, void
of generosity, or any of the better feeling of our nature,'—his
offspring has been supported by their charity and kindness.
Need we add a single line of comment to convince our fel-
low subjects in Britain how little reliance ought to be placed
upon the statements of a maq—_--a wretch we should have said—
who, though possessed of ample means, would have suffered his
child to have died of starvation, rather then have afforded her
the slightest relief. There are things on earth, and Dr. Palmer
is one of them, whO are beneath contempt."

Here is'a fine sample of philanthropy ! say.nothing
of the morality of .Dr. Palmer's conduct : but surely if
such Statements be true, (we only profess to dive them
as we find them,) Mr. Sinit.h may well have appealed to
the humanity of the tykes and daughters of Great
Brit ain.

We have several important documents on the subject
of the charges brought by Mr. Sturge and ,his associates,
for which we cannot find room at present. We hope
they will serve to open the eyes of the public as to the
real value of the evidence offered by these gentlemen,
and operate as a sedative to that mawkish' sensibility
which Would tempt :-people to be unjust while they are

generbus.

THE, DOCK SOI:ICIfoilHIP.--7AR might have been ex-
pected, the radical section of the Dock Committee have
drily installed Mr. Vandenhoff in the •office •of solicitor
to their body, in the room of Mr. Harvey, who had re-
signed. We candidly confess that we did not for a mo-
ment expect any other result. The election is in per-
fect keeping with all the appointments made by the libe•
yal faction, ever since their reign in the. Town Council
commenced. One after another of their electioneering
agents have been comfortably provided for in precisely
the same manner. There are a few more for v.hom snug
berths are in store, as soon as opportunities arise for
transferring them from the Reform Associatio. commit,
tee-room to the different municipal offices. 11r. Samuel
Knipe will soon obtain his reward for his indefatigable
exertions in endeavouring to disfranchise the freemen.
Mr. Tinsel Atkinson is likewise looking forward with
keen anticipation for a share in the loaves and fishes :
and if little hook-nosed Phillips, and the other under-'
brigs of the grasping crew, are ultimately to receive no
valuable appointments, it will be owing only to sheer in-
tellectual imbecility.

The more reckless and unprincipled a radical agent
proves in furthering the interests of his party, the more
secure he is of being rewarded. Professional merit or
personal qualifications are the very last things to be
considered in filling offices of trust under a radical cor-
poration. The more abjectly a man surrenders himself
into the hands of a parcel of vulgar demagogues, to
work out their nefarious political designs, and to assist
in robbing their fellow-subjects of their undoubted pri7
vilege% the more strenuously are' his claims supported.
The dirtier the work in which he may have been en-
gaged, the more eagerly is he welcomed as an object de-
serving of patronage.

We make these remarks generally, and not in refer-
ence to Mr Vandenhofr in patticulat. lie may be an
estimable man, for aught we know to the contrary. We
know nothing of his qualifications for the office to which
be has been' elected ; and we 'believe it would puzzle
hose who voted for him, if asked, to point ti:cnt
