SIR ROBERT PEEL.

Mr. COEBETT gave notice that on the 28th April he should
move a resolution for an Address to his Majesty, praying his
Majesty to remove Sir Robert Peel, Bart., from his Majesty's
most Honourable' Privy Council, on account of that right lion.
baronet's proceedings with respect to the Currency Acts in 1819
and 1826..—(This notice was received with shouts of laughter.)

IRISH DISTURBANCES' BILL.

On the motion of iiIeCiMiCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, the
house resolved itself into committee on the Irish Disturbances'
Bill.

The CHAIRMAN read the 24th clause, which makes it an of-
fence within the Act to make signals for the purpose of assem-
bling bodies of persons.
Mr. O'CONNELL suggested that the word "smoke" should
be left out of the clause.

The SOLICITOR-GENERAL said, that under this clause, unless
it was used for the wilful purpose of assembling persons, caus-
ing smoke could not be considered as an offence.
The word was then ordered to stand in the clause.

Clause 25 was then read from the chair, but we have some
doubts whether it was not ordered to be struck out of the bill,
owing to, the indistinct manner in which the question was heard
in the gallery.
Op clause 26 being read, which provides an indemnity for all
acts committed in pursuance, or in execution of, the powers in-
trusted to the military and civil officers under this act,
Mr. INGHAM moved as an amendment, that there be inserted
after the word " confined," in the third line, the following
words :—" Except so far as regards the committal, arrest, or
imprisonment of any person who may be taken into custody un-
der the provisions of this act, and who shall not be brought to
trial within three calendar mouths from the time of his appre-
hension.

711 e SOLICITOR-GENERAL contended that if indemnification
1—
were not to be given to the civil and military officers employed
under the provisions of the act, they would be deterred, by a
fear of the consequences of every arrest made by them from
acting with that vigour which was absolutely necessary to em-
ploy in order to effect the purposes of the act. The indemnity
given them by the clause extended only to acts done in pursu-
ance of the provisions of the bill; and if any man went beyond
the strict line of his authority he was at once amenable to civil
process. The constant observations which were made to the
effect that the bill repealed the Habeas Corpus Act were founded
in error. The Habeas Corpus Act was npt repealed by the bill,
it was only suspended in the case of each person apprehended
for the space of three months, and if such person were not
brought to trial within that time he might claim the benefit of
the act, and demand to be taken before any of the judges, and
either discharged or put on his trial at once.
After some discussion this amendment was negatived.
Mr. O'CONNELL, Mr. It. GRANT, Mr. SHIM., the SOLICITOR-
GENERAL, and H. GRATTAN addressed the house, when the
committee then divided—
For the clause
Against it
Majority in favour of Ministers . ---:--74
When strangers were readmitted to the gallery,
The SOLICITOR-GENERAL was addressing the committee in
support of a proviso to the effect that no person or persons ar-
rested under the act should be detained in any places of con-
fnement other than his Majesty's gaols, br for a Iw,er period
. P
,than 48 hours after the arrest.

An lion. MEMBER, whose name we could not learn, proposed
that the SOLICITOR-GENERAL
should be limited to 24 hours.
The SOLICITOR-GXNERAL acquiesced, and the clause, us
amended, was agreed to.
The 27th clause, with some verbal amendments, was agreeil tq.
The 28th clause was ordered to be expunged.
The 29th clause was agreed to.
Upon the 30th clause being moved,
Mr. RUTHVEN said that he should not be doing justice Whit'
country if he did not resist this clause. He was determined to
take the sense of the house upon it.
After a few words from Mr. Firzsufox, the house then di.
vided—

In favour of the clause
Against it 64
Majority in favour of the clause . -92
The clause was then agreed to.
The 32d clause was put and agreed to.
Upon the 33d clause being read, which gave certain jurisdk-
tion to Magistrates of counties of cities, and counties of towns.
Mr. O'DWYER objected to that part of the clause, and moved
that it should be omitted.

Mr. O'CoNue.LL supported the amendment. He had know*
an instance in which a certain magistrate of the description al.
laded to had his regular scale of tees, He would take twenty
guineas for oeTanting bail in the case of a charge of capital fer
logy, and £2O upon a charge of common felony.
After a few words front Mr. Hoene,
Mr. STANLEY was ready to admit the objection, which had
been made by the hon. member opposite. The magistrates iv
question were appointed, not by Government, but by the differ,
ent corpoi7tions, while the Government undertook the heayy
responsibility of their acts. He had no objection to have tile
objectionable parts of the clause struck out. The clause so
amended was agreed to.
Clause 31, with a verbal amendment, was agreed to.
Clause 35 was agreed to without an amendment.
Upon the 36th clause being proposed, which limied the bring.
ing of any action for injury under this act to three months,
Mr. O'CONNELL wished to have the period during which an
action might be brought extended to six months, and with
respect to that part of the clause which gave three-fold costs to
the defendant, in the event of failure of proof on_ the part of
the plaintiff, he thought it would be more advisable to say
"full costs." He hid thought
cases in Ireland where three-fold
costs only amounted to one and three-quarter costs—(a laugh.)
The amendinents proposed by the hon. and learned member
for Dublin were carried, and the clause, so amended, was
agreed to.
The 36th clause was agreed to without any objection.
The 37th clause was put by the CHAIRMAN and agreed to.
The- 38th clause was agreed to.
Upon the 39th clause being proposed, •
Mr. Tennyson, Mr. O'Connell, and the Solicitor-General
said a few words, after which, the clause was agreed' to. '
- The 40th and 41st clauses were severally proposed, and, after
one or two words from Mr. O'Connell, Mr. Stanley, and Mr.
Shaw) agreed to. Thus ended the regular clauses of the Bill.
Mr. STANLEY said lie had now to propose, pursuant to the
notice he had given, one or two clauses bearing upon the in-
sinuation thrown out by the hon, and learned member for
Dublin, as to the necessity of police or other authorities, call-
ing over the names of persons residing in disturbed districts
upon nightly domiciliary visits. He would only observe that
the penalty of Is. per day, or the threatened imprisonment in
the event of failure of giving the names must amount to no-
thing
.when it was considered that the whole thing, could be
done in a single hour. He would, therefore, move—
" And be it further enacted, that the tenants and possessors
of all houses and other buildings within any such proclaimed
district shall, within a reasonable time after application to them
respectively made,-and so often as such application shall be so
made by any chief constable or any- constable by such chief
constable for that purpose authorised by writing under his ha,nd
and seal, sign and deliver to such chief or othr cOnitable'two
true and correct lists of all the male inhabitants or inmates otc
each such house or building, with their names and surnames is
full, distinguishing those who are of the age of fourteen years
or upwards from those who are under that age, such lists to
.te
dated and signed, and to be filled up according to the forin in
the schedule to this Act annexed prescribed, or as near thereto
as may be; and one of such lists countersigned by such chief
or other constable shall be delivered to the person signing the
same, to be by him posted on his door or inside his -house, or
to be kept by him, and another of said lists shall be' truly
copied into a book to be for that purpose kept by such thief 'or
other constable, and shall, together with such book, remain
the care and custody of such chief constable, and shall be 'kept
at the nearest police station, or elsewhere, as to such chief con.
stable shall seem fit; and every such tenant refusing or neglect.
in' to make and sign such lists within a reasonable time after
being so required to make and sign the same as aforesaid, shall,
upon the complaint of such chiet or other constable, be fined in
any sum not exceeding the rate of one shilling a-day for each
day that he shall, after such request so made as aforesaid,
refuse or neglect to make and sign such lists, or shall be
prisoned until he shall have made and signed such lists ; ap4l
such fine or imprisonment shall, after due notice and opportu..
nity of defence, according to the course of the Couft, be award.
ed by and a, the discretion of the Justices of Petty Sessions of
the district in which such tenants and persons shall respectively
be resident.

" Provided always, that any false statement or supp.ression of
the truth iii any such list, shall be deemed -to be a misdemean..
our, and the person or persons guilty, of wilfully making this
same, shall be punishable accordingly. "
Upon the clause being read a second time a short converea.
tion took place, in which Mr. Ruthven, the Solicitor General,
Mr, O'Connell, Mr. Lambert, Mr. O'Dwyer, Mr. Stanley,
and Mr. Fergus O'Connor, took part. After which the clause
was agreed to, and ordered to be added to the Bill.
Mr. STANLEY said he had to 'impose a second clause, of
which he had in like manner given previous notice; It was to
the following effect :
" And in order to facilitate the making such lists, be it fur-
ther enacted, that the chief constables of police within such din-
trictsshall provide and keep at their several police stations, for
the use of such tenants and possessors of houses as aforesaid,
printed forms of lists according to the form in the schedule ty.
this Act annexed, and shall furnish the same to such tenants
and possessors free of expense ; and that such chief or other
constables shall also assist the said persons in the filliag and
making and signing of such lists, if by them so required. And
that, to defray the expenses of such printed forms and' of such
books, the Grand Jury of the county, county of a city, or county
of a town, within which such district or any part thereof is sit
tuate, shall and may, and is hereby. required at the assizes next
after the making of such proclamation, and of making such lists
as aforesaid, to present such sum or sums as shall be sufficient
to defray the expense of that portion of the district locally
tuate within the jurisdiction of such Grand Jury, and which
sums shall be levied off such counties respectively, and paid
over to such chief constables as aforesaid."

This clause was read a second time, agreed to, and ordered
to be added to the bill.

Mr, STANLEY moved a clause to the following effect;—" Pro-
vided always that nothing in the act contained shall extend, or
be construed to extend, to permit, or enable the Lord Lieuten-
ant to 'dissolve any meeting duly convened by the Sheriff, or
Lord Lieutenant of the county."—The clause was agreed to.
Mr. LyNen proposed to add these words—" Or any meeting
duly convened by any four magistrates of any county of city, or
county of town.''
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that he could con-
ceive cases in which, if such a provision were agreed to, meet-
ings might be most improperly convened.
After a few words from Mr. 093wyEa and Mr. STANLEY.
who stated, that in case of any improper exercise of the author-
ity of the Lord Lieutenant, Government would have no hesita-
tion in removing that officer.
The amendment was negatived without a division.
Clause C, which was next agreed to, was as followsl—
" Provided always, and be it further enacted, that whenever
the said Court-martial shall consist of nine members, then the
concurrence of at least seven members of the said. Court shall
be required, and shall be sufficient to give validity 6i-deflect to
the decisions and acts of such Court; and that whenever the
said Court shall consist of any number of members less than
nine, then the concurrence of at least five members of the said
Court shall be required, and shall be sufficient, to give validity
and effect to the decisions and acts of such Court.'

The house resumed, the report Was brought up, and orderai
to be taken into further consideration on Tuesday next.
The house then resolved itself into a committee of supply.
BRITISH -

Mr. B.truNG moved a • grant of • £16,841 for the expenses of
the British Museum for the year ending at Christmas, 1b.33.
After a few words from Mr. WILKs,
Mi„ HAwES suggested that an improvement should be made
in the catalogue of the manuscripts in the British Museum.--
Hear.
Mr. HUME wished to have the galleriei open every day to the
public, and wished to have the affairs of the mstitntion generall7
submitted to a committee of that house, He Complained of the
museum being closed •during the months of August and Sep.
tember, the months during which, as the hon. member stated.
it, strangers were most in the habit of coming to town.
The CIipNCELLOR of the EKCHECILER was surprised' at al.
hon. gentleman fancying that London was most crovdeaill those
mouths,

(Continued to rage 285•)

as his agent in the transaction, and paid over tht
money in his name, had claimed the prize and rec,
was subsequently arranged between Fletcher an(
that the matter should be settled by arbitration,
handed over the money to Openshaw to abide b:
It appeared that Fletcher, when he subscribed fol
also put down £1 for himself. The award of th.
which was duly signed and stamped, was that the
be equally divided between Lowe and Fletcher,
refused to pay either, and would not even return
deposit of £l, though he was a party to the agree:
and was, therefore, bound to abide by the award. ,
Mr. Thomas Fletcher, the agent of the plaintiff
action, deposed to the facts as stated by the Leal
It appeared that the agreement to refer was a
ment, and as this was not duly stamped, Mr. Will
defendant, contended that it could not be received

The Learned Judge took the same view of the
as it appeared that there was no other means of
the defendant was a party to the agreement to re:
to arbitration, the plaintiff was nonsuited.
No other case, of the slightest interest,' occur
the day.

SATURDAY.
REDISH AND ANOTHER V. WATSON AND ANG
plaintiffs in this case are highly respectable pus(
mer, Mr. Thomas Redish, being a wholesale gri
latter, Mr. William Parry Hutchinson, jun., a
Liverpool. The defendants, Evan Watson and
well, the former gamekeeper, and the latter undi
the service of Mr. Bold Hoghton. The action
to recover damages for the loss of a greyhound, v.
pelonging to the plaintiffs. Verdict for the plains
twenty guineas.
CHORLEY AND ANOTHER V. BALGUY.
This was an action to recover the sum of £6OO,
missory note, payable by the defendant to the p 1
order. It appeared that a bond had been given b:
ant and a Mr. Weddall to Dr. Chorley, of Goole,
ment of £l6OO, which bond had been given up, arc
of the defendant, Mr. Balguy, a promissory note
ment of £6OO given instead. The note in questiol
every respect, had been forwarded by Mr. Balguy,
Derby, to Mr. Weddall, who had been jointly liab,
in the bond, to be delivered to Dr. Chorley. Every
note itself was in the handwriting of the defendant,
it was in the possession of. Mr. NV eddall, that gentleute°.4)
dorsed upon it a memorandum of agreement, purport!.
the payment of the principal sum ot £6OO should nos
forced until six monthsafter the death of Mrs. ChorleL,
memorandum Dr. Chorley was asked to sign. He, leorli
finding that the note, when it left the hands of the de
was a perfect instrument of itself, and that the weDl(
on the back had been subsequently added by another
declined acceding to it, and it remained unsigned.
therefore, not binding upon Dr. Chorley; nor wo111130,;
been a legal instrument, even if he had signed it, inagoide!
not being part of the original note, but subsequently
it, it must be considered a fresh and separate agreell*
therefore, under the stamp act, subject to a separate
duty.
_pd
Mr. Baron GURNEY, in summing up the case, eitritbsi
opinion, that the memorandum endorsed on the hack 0,,d
was a new agreement between the parties, and that
valid, for want of a separate stamp; and, under his u"
the jury found a verdict for the plaintiffs.

We have been favoured with the following letter, adi
by Lord Sandon to Mr. Thomas Atherton, on the AI
the present law of ejectment, which we here insert for
struction of our readers.

DEAR SlR,—The object of securing a more sumrearlivisi
of ejecting defaulting tenants from small tenements, 00
most deserving of attention. Some measure for that Puldi
loudly called for. The grievance of the existing 131°,e0
pensive process is intolerable ; more especially when, viol
acts, the burden of the rates on the smaller tenements i 5
upon the landlord.
A bill with this object was submitted, by my colleague;
myself, to the Solicitor-General, last year, but he fm°lel
many practical difficulties in the measure that he re'
assent to it.
This year I am afraid it will be impossible to intr
other bill, on account of the press of other business ; but
ever an opportunity occurs, I shall be most happy to F,
the object in any manner that lies in my power. 117
be amiss to call the attention.of the house to the owl
petition ; and another from Manchester, where the sal°
ance is very sensibly felt, would be of much service
cause.—l am, dear sir, your faithful, servant,
14p01
London, March 21, 1833. SA

• , CHURCH REFORM.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL ST. 04)

Sir.,—So much has been said of late upon church ref: 00
L think it hardly possible to advance anything new ur
subject. My only motive in now addressing you is, ss o.ljeel
ble individual, to protest against these violent and 6a Ir.
alterations with respect to church property contemPl4teocisie
present ministry; alterations which will divert this :geii,
property to purposes not ecclesiastical. But it is 701 e 'd
popular voice demands these changes. Granted. 13t-t? fit
pular demands always consistent with justice and rig":;el°,
not those opposed to these demands, as sincere in the; ti
ments, as disinterested in their views, and as deservil)lso`;
hearing of their arguments, as the advocates for poPoo
nions and popular measures ? I might easily say ti g
more on this subject, but I lately met with somethi4lo9,
essays of Curaberliiid which I thought deserving
I must therefore request you, sir, to insert the folloir
from that author.—Yours, &c. HON

Yet
Aisf).o4l
" It is to be lamented that the Church of Englan' fed '„er
vided with a proper competency for all who are en&ir °VII,II
forming its functions; but I cannot close with thficieh
who are for stripping its dignities, and equalising t
did benefices, which are at once the glory and tnevsreA
its establishment. Levellers and Reformers will ofrob
the popular cry on their side, and I have good reas.°,, to
with what inveteracy a man is persecuted tor an 01!'„ccl00
opposes it; and yet it is hard to give credit to the SVA
disinterestedness of him who courts popularity, an of
the man who sacrifices his repose, and stands the hr°
in defence of what he believes to be the truth." 1,
TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL ler
00 c
no tbe n
the present crisis of colonial affairs, and to biec
t the reaction which, in the face of every assertion ss.4 100
trary, has unequivocally displayed itself upon theecerly
Slave Emancipation,. I beg, through the channel e° Aloe aoi
ential paper, to suggest the propriety of prFparine, Pee 'to
poksible, a petition to government, to be signed so it;
numerous they are, who are perfectly alive, as esc est?,
be, to the evils of slavery, considered abstract% andvital 1‘
would, at the same time, legislate with due cauti°,,och
and with sufficient information, upon a subject cn the beos
portance—a subject which, beyond all others in,ost
this country, has been made the vehicle of thear
gant misrepresentations and unfounded caluinn'e-lions
What I suggest is, I believe, in progress in /3 ores
the country. n g
upon ant
Mr. Buxton is urgent in pressing the subieet y Off
b n WI i 9
ment—he may well be so—he knows better t a that meet
the film is falling from the eyes of the publie-:;his
fatal to the cause of the Abolitionists, and that II e
be gained, no time must be lost. ba° 3 to A
The Times of Saturday, I think, has, as you ills_.33Ynec,t cfA
an article upon this subject. One might almost ,tu rro); 'ther
a feeler put forth by government. Be this asrir Ines
mences with acknowledging, unreservedly, the ; A the lot
lonists to compensation, and then goes on ttl oflP:ser,
improbability, in the present state of the country,,non tat
consenting to the imposition of taxes for such
is reasonable of The Times. It is not likepr;_.„, of tP„tote,'
representatives of the people, pledged though 7-this o,ra
be on this subject, will consent to anything feiry conao'bie
must fro
ctb hayel t— mere
egae
rprneepea:ttralrryiroaesl
in ot fh
the
an g r experimentc ate s
greatest
degree
hh
to
11411 fr
25th March. aiczha'riitotui,brdedrillvred
vhees.u_ltyimoautres,bBe,nceAti
WESI,
themselves.—Yours, snits% lt

Lowe V. OPENSHAW.—This was an action arising out of a
sweepstakes or handicapping on the last Doncaster St. Leger.
Mr. Wightman opened the pleadings, and Mr. Pollock stated
the case to the jury. The plaintiff and defendant were both
persons moving in a respectable line of life; both of them, as
a learned friend of his had expressed it, administered the hos-
pitalities of an inn at Manchester. A short time before the
last Doncaster races, certain persons, 28 in number, met at
the defendant's house, and agreed to make a bet, or lottery, ou
the St. Leger, each oithem put down El ; a horse was assigned "Of
by lot to each of them, and the fortunate possessor of the win- Fr,
ning horse was to have £2B. Margrave, the winner of the race, `VEST-CUMBERLAND ELECTION terminate
couse_tol
fell to the lot of the plaintiff, and he accordingly expected that in the return of Mr. IRTON, .of Irton-hall, woa,'
he was to get the money, but on applyinc, for it to the defend- candidate •, his opponent was Major AnLioNasl., defe
ant, he was told that a person named Fletcher, who had acted upon the Whig interest, and was accordingly e

,t.:PLECTIONS ON THE SU:
0 4 414ITTR
4,0 O ON SE"L
Itltlcos
CHRISTI
14N. T 0 THE
'to44ocs
4,ety of Frierdsi, haavbilnj
,1,, °tate the
_naaen
.0 t
,aisle %ell. !
t c
kit • NIL elsefe thenasel% es__ ,
4:ll,ta::°,phttalit period, not ?nois
,Litistti°llo),illailslvaithetn'•
'4lllu4er or a caeutury has
.'
Iket,tll,eilt abolished the slave,
' (irti;ll'rY hour, Within 011
taftlip enapire are legally
Nt,: oti!lten as the beasts
aL c
Yitllietee,,pYreesfseiduand i.-.leiz,
,411,1}P pi'''. Leen advocated ,ncill;
a Peg
to be utterl
d uotte]
,RNlitsiv e.toploye _ inreason a
~,,, va.i4 ; and
is ne
Th,NZI the contest ; it
itilfolj,,44 ht J'e slavery has
I:de r
_ti)Lbv means
teal
tki,_ 4, ter] by
asy _ y
'''k tv
b the
,(
tii
11111:0, eye':zelleases
of the. e.ll,
jethisvett ti,
invariable
,ty to
)4;ktn
moral pl.!
It 44' hest Nein thies of th
,i 4 orrors, a 4 Ilia
exposed.
at,l'l,,tiQial atitOt7 hut as 1
t)41e,1, 1114 th '
oorestral
ttlosilt Passiouten be exl
tlqJeet servility
on the
qaveNt iii 4" l!lleontrolled la:
4, eNi (Ns himself toex
IN
h,,s,ed upon the victims
,
tatiii"l'leh they are plunge°
kwi, 4 of every feehng that
‘,4 Id the situatiou of_ thos'
tt,hed in direetiv'uph°la
,;ires but a veri slight
~
,t),
Ltotivince us that nott
ka ticlitte spirit and prece!
, too. aoever ye would tha.,
riot,,4,thern, was the conlln'
ktorl,ol halt love thv twig
*-41"Nve re li Ltd(
tgule e, aand"et:lPolie 1
li('htion Our Lord furth
;I`lletPlttsi "17irrthellicil,n1levne
IN /
? Ate wets. t
in dati,,er of 11
/14 na •• " •
I lee
not gltl:elliFe tract':
th!ii4llP:Hyeanid sell our felt
ir,`l,sui and their offspriN
'rj tth 'etas vveltas for u,
peloyteo,,he Lord y,,h poi
-t
bring with then
r‘
thous th• t day Wheii we in,
B,„Ntof4ri_se?
ti.,-,Nestly beseech our
.fel
Li;tvery denoeminoavteirotin,
F thef the saT gy t
hoe religi
iltd and:lll4:tcherish feelin
kother.- We therefore a;

•
1
11
284 THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD
sammassams.:aiiiMiiiiialir , . -
• .. ,
East EnbirO. *.at I
o bp auction. LANCASTER ASSIZES. as his agent in the transaction, and paid over th
money in his name, had claimed the prize and ri
To sail about the middle of May. POSTPONED SALE. CROWN COURT, THURSDAY, MARCH 21. was subsequently arranged between Fletcher anc
ssipss ass ' For CALCUTTA., • For account of the Underwriters. Peter Leonard, 28, and Bridget Brannan, 28, were indicted for that the matter should be settled by arbitration,
sztWit- The Ship DUKE OF LANCASTER, THIS DAY (Tuesday) the 2tith instant, at Twelve o'clock, at having in their possession, a mould for the purpose of moulding handed over the money to Openshaw to abide Iss
ALEXANDER HANNAY, Commander; Boons's, Maso -street, and DUNCAN'S, Tabley-street, base money on the 15th of August last at Liverpool 1 his It appeared that Fletcher when he subscribed foi
case was brought forward in consequence' of information. given `also put down £1 for himself.'
The award of th
Burthen per registers6s ors. This vessel has most capacious About 230 tons oa t ar, Balt,.od, Hoop; and Sheet IRON, by persons in the employ of the police.
and comfortable accomm ati , forpassengers, and her cabins and a qua :tit • ORSF PROVENDER, which was duly signed and stamped, was that the
Furtively. adapted for th a trade. A Surgeon is provided. (at Gladstm id Serjeantson's, Rumfordsstreet,) The case mainly rested on the evidence of the party em- be equally divided between Lowe and Fletcher, 1
-For freight or passage appl3( to - partially damaged, landed ex Calcutta.-Apply to Roexter ployed by the police, and whose testimony the learned Judeg, refused to pay either, and would not even returi
JOHN GLADSTONE and Co. GLADSTONE, Esq. or to in summing up, said, must be confirmed before it was impli- deposit of £l, though he was a party to the agree]
- . GLADSTONE and SERJEANTSON, Brokers. citly relied on, because, to a certain degree, they must promote and was therefore, bound to abide by the award.
- . .
For DEMERARA, • . the system by which they gained. • Mr. Tlomas Fletcher, the agent of the plaintifl
.
• The Ship
,CQR,INTHIA_N, On account of whom it may concern. . ' "The jury retired, and after being out of Court some time, ac- action, deposed to the facts as stated by the Lew
•
both
prisoners.
ItOBERT M‘Dowite, Commander; TO-MORROW (Wednesday) the 27th instant, at Twelve o'clock, quittedlt appeared that the agreement to refer was a '
Burthen per register 391. tons.-For freight or passage, hiving at Wo [TAXER, BAT ONE, and Co.'s Office, Rumford-street, Thomas Molyneux, 61, was indicted for having in his posses- ment, and as this was not duly stamped, Mr. Wil
superior cabin accommodation, apply to 10 Hhds .-P.,SUGAR, (damaged,) sion, a plaster of Paris mould for the purpose of casting coun- defendant, contended that it could not be received
JOHN GLADSTONE aud'Co. Ex Ardent, from e tars.-Apply to Messrs. MURRAY,terfeit sixpences, at Liverpool, on the 28th of December last. The Learned Judge took the same view. of the
The prisoner was convicted on the testimony of a person em- as it appeared that there was no other means of
. SYS% and Co. Marc ants,-or-to -
..ployed by the police, and sentenced to be transported for life.. the defendant was a party to the agreement to ref
• Zara Inttit. • , WHITAKER, RATHBONE, and*Co. Brokers.
John Hanoran, 53, Edward Fitzpatrick, 37, and Martin Ma- to arbitration, the plaintiff was nonsuited.
#`
By order of the Executors of the late Mr. James Shaw. lone, 32, were indicted for a similar offence. A person em- No other case, of the slightest interest, occl
sr Feer VOMERARA,
The -class Brig WILSONS. TO-MORROW (Wednesday) the 27th, and THURSDAY the 28th toyed by the police stated, that the prisoners lodged in his the day.
Ese, and that he had frequently seen them cast money in a SATURDAY.
„alms, instant, at Eleven o'clock each day, removed for the &love-
statesta For freight or passage apply to nience of Sale to Mr. JoHN MERCER'S Yard, Park-lane, plaster of Paris mould, and on the 2nd of March, in the even- REDISH AND ANOTHER V. WATSON AND ANO
mg, he went and gave information to the police, who imme- plaintiffs in this case are highly respectable persi
- - THOS. and H. MURRAY. nearly opposite the top of Sparling,-street, diately went to his house 'broke open the door and found mer, Mr. Thomas Redish tieing a wholesale are
A large quantity of St. Domingo and Honduras MAHOGANY,
Fitzpatrick and Malone within, the former sitting 'opposite the latter, Mr. William Parry' Hutchinson,, jun., -a
tnittb ,Statto. in Logs, P 1 . ks, Boards, Veneers, &c.
Riga OAK, is . • fillets, Planks, and Boards; fire, with a mould on his knee, drying it at the fire. Fitz- Liverpool. The defendants, Evan Watson and
.
- - HARDWOODS, of . ffereotkinds, in Planks and BoardS. patrick had also concealed about his person,- eighty counter- well, the former gamekeeper, and the latter undo
left siatpences. The witness swore that all the prisoners had,. the service of Mr. Bold Ho Eton. The action To clear on the 30th, and will sail on the 31st instant.
For NEW YORK, Also, a large quantity of
,t r s L PLANKS and BOARDS,
on different occasions, sold him counterfeit money. His testi- to recover damages for the loss of a greyhound, v
and a quantity :lack EBONY, &c. &c. &c. - •
mony was corroborated by the police-officers. The prisoners sheldnging to the plaintiffs. Verdict for the plLnl
44.114-*: The fine 4tst-ssieq American Packet Ship
FICLIAM BYRNES, The whole of this stock will be sold without reserve, and will
cross-examined the witnesses at great length, and with much twenty guineas..
be found well worth the attention of dealers, cabinet makers, ingenuity, but the jury found them guilty, and they were sou- Capt..P. SPRAGUE ; CHORLEY AND ANOTHER V. BALGUY.
builders, &c. The Mahogany Logs which are 61 in number,
Burthen 517 tons, New York bnilt, coppered and copper-fas- ' tenced to transportation for life. . This was an action to recover the sum of £6OO,
will be sold precisely at Eleven o'clo'ck on Thursday. .
toned; sails remarkably fast, and is intended to sail on the day Benru Donnelly, 31, was indited forhaving sold 20 counter- missory note, payable by the defendant to the pi
The whole may be viewed on Monday and luesdayprevious
feit sixpences, at a lower rate than their monied 'value, to Ann order. It appeared that a bond had been given be stated. Her cabins are elegantly fitted up, with every accom-
to the sale.-For Catalogues and particulars apply to
ruodation for passengers, the price of passage is £25, for which
JAMES DEMPSEY and Co. Brokers. Carney, at Liverpool, on the 16th of January last. Ann Car- ant and a Mr. Weddell to Dr. Chorley, of Goole,'
beds, bedding, wines, and every thing necessary for the voyage
will be found.-For freight or passage apply on board, in to purchase bad money. On the day in question, she met the of the defendant, Mr. Balguy, a promissory note
Prince's Dock, or to WADDINGTON, HOLT, and Co. On account of whom it may concern.
prisoner whom she had known before, as a dealer in bad mo- ment of £6OO given instead. The note in questio:
On FRIDAY next, t p 29th instant, at Twelve o'clock,
Goree Piazzas. nay, and bargained with him for twenty counterfeit sixpences. every respect, had been forwarded by Mr. Balguy,
P. 'l'. R. F X, rtially damaged,) She did not receive them at the time, but. paid' him, for them
.Derby, to Mr. Weddell, who had been jointly liab
To sail on Sunday
,/ next. Just landed ex Adventu r om Riga, the whole of which may
with money prviously. marked, by the police. She then left in the. bond, to be delivered to.
.Dr. Chorley. Ever
4''`• For BOSTON, be seen on the Mornin sale, and further particulars known
.i•Mti The fiae Boston-built Ship TIBER, on application to PARRY and CROSBIE, Brokers, him and gave information. Ile prisoner was apprehended the note itself was
.in the handwriting of the defendant
same day, and the marked money and the twenty bad sixpences it was in the possession of Mr. 'Weddell, that gentle
-s.-s•ss -
Rviiyerl.natisuE, Master; •2, Exchange-street west: were found upon him. The police officers corroborated this dorsed upon it a memorandum of agreement, pm
Burthen 320 tons, coppe ed,ssails fast, and is now only on her
third voyage. For freight or passage apply to the Captain, on ' - declared that the woman must have put both the marked and forced until six months, fter the death of Mrs. Ch
board, George's Dock, or to *alto bp auction. . the bad money into his pockets. He was found guilty, and sen- memorandum Dr. Chorley was asked to sign. I-
CYRUS MORRALL and SON.
William Stellin
To sail in a few days.
For SAVANNAH
'CLARISSA ANN, sßy Messrs. T. WINSTANLEY & SONS,
&
,
By order of the Trustees for Sale.
• g, 42, was charged with putting off 36 coun- was a perfect instrument of itself, and that the n
terfeit half-crowns to John Clegg, at Liverpool on the 24th of on the. back had been subsequently added by ono
The first-class American Brig
- August last. John Clegg stated that he was employed by the declined acceding to it, and it remained unsign
HAHL,ES OWEN, Master;
On Thursday, the 4th Apri1,.1833, at Twelve o'clock at noon, constable of Birkenhead, to detect the prisoner, who kept a therefore, not binding upon Dr. Chorley; nor o
Burthen 280 tons, sails ast, aid will take freight on moderate at the Clarendon-rooms, South John_street, in the following beer shop and badger-garden in Liverpool, and was suspected been a legal instrument, even if he had signed it,
terms.-For which, o • ge, apply to Captain OwEN, on or such other lots as may he agreed upon at the time
of sale, of dealing io bad money.- On the day in question, he called on not being part of the original note, but subsequen
board, in the Prince's ock, or to
and subject to such conditions as will be then produced, the prisoner and asked if he could let him have some bad half- it, it must be considered a fresh and separate agn
SANDS, HODGSON, TURNER, and Co. Lot 1. 4LL that one undivided Third Part or Share of and crowns. -Prisoner replied that the police had often laid traps therefore, under the stamp act, subject to a sep
Ils_ in TRINITY CHURCH, situate in St. Anne's for him-but never could catch him. Witness said if prisoner duty.
street, in Liverpool, with the Pews, Vaults, Privileges, and would not let him have them, he must go to Manchester to get Mr. Baron GURNEY, in summing up the case, e
OritiOb camerica. Appurtenances thereunto belonging. ' them. Prisoner then gave him £4los. in bad half-crowns, for opinion, that the memorandum endorsed on the bac
is - s The Pews attached to this Share are, Nos. 4, 12, 15, 16, 17, which he gave prisoner a sovereign. These witness handed was a new agreement between the parties, and ti
In lieu of the SIR JOHN BERESFORD. 18, 21, 26, 29, 30, 34, 35, 36, 37, 39, 65, 66, 92, on the Ground- over to the police next morning, and the prisoner was taken valid, for want of a separate stamp; and, under hi
eTh.ss For MONTREAL, Direct, floor.-Nos. 6,8, 11, 12, 18, 19, 21, 22, 23, 25, 26, 27, 28, 30, 31, into custody. The case was fully made out, and the prisoner the jury found a verdict for the plaintiffs.
O' The 'A
1 English-built Barque ADELAIDE, 32, 33, 34,* 45, 60, 61, 64; 65, 66, 92, 95, 99, in the Gallery.- was transported for life.
GEO FETTIN9.ELL, Commanders Each Pew is subject to a mien annual Ground-rent. All the mint cases were conducted by Messrs. Courtney and We have been favoured with the following Let;
Peter Leonard, and Bridget Brannon, alias Fitzpatrick, the by Lord Sandon to Mr. Thomas Atherton, on th
s and the Master is well ac- T
quainted with the trad
25th March.-For freight or passage apply on board, George's 2.-All those Two MESSUA GE S or DWELLING- wife of one of the prisoners convicted in a previous case, were the present law of ejectment, which we here inset
Dock, or to -WM. SMITH and SON. HOUSES situate on the east side of Highfield-street, in Liver- then brought up, on an indictment charging theta with a simi- struction of our readers.,
pool, containing in front thereto ten yards_, or thereabouts, and lar offence, but no evidence being offered against them they
-
For QUEBEC, running in depth to the Premises next hereinafter described were acquitted. The female prisoner, when brought up, faint- DEARejecting defaulting tenantsSlß,-Theobjectof
from securing a m
The A. 1 British built Barque TEVIOTDALE, fourteen yards and a quarter, or thereabouts, now in the occu- ed, and on her recovery begged hard of the Judge to be allowed ofsmall or eu t
esnemi
nr
Capt. KANE; ' pation of Messrs4James Hoyles and - Randles, as tenants to accompany her husband. His Lordship said he would re-
most deservin of attention. Some measure for the
To be despatched with the first vessels.-For freight or pas- thereof.-Also all !that SHIPPON, situate on the west side of quest the Government to grant her permission to go with her g
sage apply on board, Canning Dock, or to Smithfield-street, in Liverpool, containing in front thereto five husband, and directed her immediate discharge. She screamed loudly called for. The grievance of the existing
WM. SMITH and SON. yards and a quartos,: or thereabouts, and in depth to the said loudly on leaving the Court. pensive process is intolerable ; more especially wf
acts, the burden of the rates on the smaller tene
Dwelling-houses purteen yards one foot, or thereabouts, now MANSLAUGHTER.-John Barton, 21, was charged with killing
F MONTREAL, Direct, in the occupation of the said James Hoyles. and slaying a child named Ann Twist, at Winwick, on the
upon the landlord. mei
The fine ritish-built Brig CECONOMY, 3.-All those Two MESS - 20th of August last, by driving his cart over her. The girl was
F' The *
.33E'EPT it, DI WILSON, Master; HOUSES situate on the north side of Denison-street, in Li- playing in the road, when the cart in which the prisoner was A bill with this object was submitted, by my co
.185 tons regis , lying in George's Dock, having a verpool, containing in front thereto eleven yards or thereabouts, 'sitting went over her head and she died in ten minutes after- myself, to the Solicitor-General, last year, but I
great part of her cargo engaged, will sail on or before the sth and running in depth twenty yards, and a half, or thereaboute; wards. He was found guilty, and sentenced to five month's
many practical difficulties in the measure that he
April.-For freight or passage apply to KENNETH DOWIE and now in the occupation of Mrs. Catherine Wilkinson arid. Mr. im_prisonmeut.
Co. or to ROBERT MONRO, 1, King-street. Spencer, as tenants thereof. . Dr. BROWN stated the case to the jury, the facts of which assent to it.
4.-All that MESSUAGE or DWELLING-HOUSE si- were that the wife of the prisoner, the deceased's daughter, had This year lam afraid it will be impossible to it
A regular" Trader. tuate on the west-side of Soho-street, in Liverpool, containing been parted from the prisoner for some time, and on the day in
For MONTREAL, Direct, in front thereto seven yards, or thereabouts, and 't i iming n question, the prisoner proceeded to the house of the deceased; late other bill, on account of the press of other business
.441.1t4, The well-known
, fast-sailing A 1 coppered depth forty-five yards two feet, and being in breadth at the back its the evening, and had demanded that his wife and child should ever an opportunity occurs, I shall be most happy
.aZiastas, Ship DRYOPE, five yards, or thereabouts, now in the occupation of Mrs. Tail- be turned out. Ile was told to come again in the morning, the object in any manner that lies in my power. l
-- - ROBERT HAMILTON, Commander; • ton, as tenant thereof. - but refused to go away, on which Partington went down stairs be amiss to call the attention.of the house to the 1
petition ; and another from Manchester, where the
141 tons per register; will ' despatched with the first spring 5.-All that MESSUAGE or DWELLING-HOUSE si- and said, the prisoner might take his wife, for he would not be
vessels.-For freight or is -age apply on board, Prince's Dock; tuate on the south-west side of Ilinster-street; in Liverpool, troubled with him disturbing them in the night. The prisoner
to Mr. A. PAR LANE, 21, ate - •eet, or to • ' containing in front thereto five yards, or thereabouts, and run- -then made an attack on the deceased, and knocked him down. ance is very sensibly felt, would be of much sex
e•ls • G' HIGHFIELD, Broker: fling in depth thirty yards, or thereabouts, now in the occupa- He was parted from him, and taken into the house very much cause.-I am, dear sir, yeur faithful,servant,
Will 'be succeeded by the-Brig INDIAN, Ships CHIEFTAIN tion of Mr. Gibson as tenant thereof. hurt, and complaining that the prisoner had killed him. The London, March 21 1833. SJ
and MONTREAL. (One concern.) 6.-A PEW in St. Ann's Church, in Liverpool, beiug No. 4 deceased lived from 'luesday to Thurday, when he died of the ,
on the Ground-floor, and subject to a small annual Ground- wounds given by the prisoner.
The jury found the prisoner guilty. • , CHURCH REFORM.
~.,•=ttain Nabigation. rent.
The tenure of the above lots is Freehold of Inheritance. Peter Sharpies, 24, William Smith; 19, and Leonard Green 18, -
TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STA)
as 7.-All that MESSUAGE or DWELLING-HOUSE si- were charged with killing and slaying Nathaniel Cook, at
'4l* For DUBLIN AND' BELFAST. tuate on the south. side of Bridgewater-street, in Liverpool, Longton, on the 25th of November last. SIR,-So much has been said of late upon church
/ '• i THE CITY OF DUBLIN containing in' front thereto four yards and a half, or there- M. ADDISON stated the case, from which it appeared, that I think it hardly possible to advance anything ne
subject. My only motive in now addressing you is,
iti)
...s.;.gik
~ STE A/sl-PACKET COMPANY, abouts, and running in depth eighteen yards, or thereabouts,* on Sunday evening the 25th of November last, the deceased
ble individual, to protest against these violent at
a..554%-s-..: INCORPORATED BY ACT OF PARLIAMENT. now in the occupation of Mr. John Jones, as tenant thereof. was seen on the highway, near a place called Forrest Bridge,
The- above Company sail their Vessels, (with or without The tenure of this lot is Leasehold under the Corporation of in a very distressed state, and saying that he had been abused
Pilots,) taking Goods d Passengers to the following ports, Liverpool, for three lives and twenty-one years, one of which by some people, who he would make bee' for their lives the next alterations with respect to church property contemP
namely, .- lives only is in being. day, as he had done for his. He was afterwards found dead on present ministry; alterations which will divert phi
To ÜBLIN Daily s • For further particulars apply to Messrs. FOSTER and LLOYD, the road. The prisoners were seen near. the spot with their property to purposes not ecclesiastical. But it is
To BELFAST, the IBERNIA, every Wednesday, from the solicitors, No. 8, Exchange-alley, Liverpool. * clothes all dirt, and at the house of one of the witnesses, they. - • purposes
popular voice demands these changes. Granted.
Glarench. Dock.
Apply, for Dublin Line, to ' to it. When Sharpies was taken into custody he said, if he pular demands always consistent with justice and
SAMUEL PERRY, 27, PROPOSED CLUB AND NEWS ROOM. was clear of that job they never would engage in '.'any other, not those opposed to these demands, as sincere in
- for Belfast Line, to Water-street. On Friday last, a meeting was held, pursuant to advertise- nor would he ever get another glass of ale,-they were all
JOHN M`CAMMON. ment, in the Clarendon Rooms, " for the fotmation of a Public drunk, and he could not tell what was done to the man. Mr. ments, asdisinterested in their views, and as desel
Institution in a central situation. combining a News and Club -Brown, surgeon, said that the death was occasioned by concus- hearing of their arguments, as the advocates for ,
CITY OF DUBLIN STEAM-PACKET COMPANY. Room." At the hour of meeting there were very few individu- sion of the brain, which might have been caused either by a nions and popular measures ?. I might easily say
For BORDEAUX, calling at PLYMOUTH, als present, and by half-past one not more than from twenty to blow or fall. more on this subject, but I lately met with sornet
~, The well-known first-class - - thirty gentlemen had assembled, some of whom were understood The jury found all of them Guilty, and the learned Judge
essays of Coraberland which I thought deserving t
Steam-packet LEEDS, to be unfavourable to the proposed establishment. Mr. Hard- after severely commenting qn their getting drunk, on a Sunday
. lees.
' JAMES PENN, Cominander, man Earle was requested to take the chair, but declined the evening, and-on the enormity of the outrage of which they had I must therefore request you, sir, to insert the folio'
Will sail from the Custom-house Quay, Dublin, for the above honour; and Mr. Jevons, the ironmerchant, was then invited been guilty, sentenced Sharpies to eighteen calendar months' from that author.-Yours, &c. 1-10
Port, on SATURDAY, the 4th May, at 11 o'clock in the Fore- to preside. After referring to the want of such an institution; imprisonment, and the other two to twelve months' imprison-
noon, and is intended to sail regularly once a month through- Mr. Jevons stated that Mr. Heywood had been applied to, as to went and hard labour. "Itisto be lamented that the Church of Engle's(
out the season, calling at PLYMOUTH on her voyage both out the terms on which he would dispose of the land near the top of FRIDAY. vided with a proper competency for all who are en
and home, to land and receive Passengers. Water street, (which had been cleared by the late fire) as a site
.George Morley, 28, was placed at the bar on two indictments forming its functions; but I cannot close with tt
' Cabin Fare-Dublin to Bordeaux.. £7 7 0 for the building.-Mr. Heywood's reply was, that he had dis-
cnarging him with robbing Henry Longworth, at Duxbury, who are for stripping its dignities and equalising I
„ „ sPlyreattiah to Ditto... 5 5 0 posed to the Corporation of what land they wanted for the
and John Rosthorn, at Heath Charnock. The prisoner pleaded did benefices, which are at once the glory and tat
Tlie Fares by the Stlasaers 4•ons Liverpool, Belfast, or Cork widening of Water-street, for 12 guineas per square yard; but
• to Dublin to join the Leeds, will be allowed in part payment there still remained 1,598 k square yards which he would dispose Guilty, its establishment. Levellers and Reformers will a
of the Fare to Bordeaux. of at the rate of 10 guineas per yard; and he would have no
RETURING FROM TRANSPORTATION.-Henry John Higginson, the popular cry on their side, and I have .good red!
-
18, was indicted for being found at large, at Liverpool, before with what inveteracy a man is persecuted for an 01!
For further particulars apply at the Com_pany's Office, 15, objections to let 10 or £15,060 *of the purchase money remain
the expiration of his term of transportation. opposes it; and yet it is hard to give credit to the 51
Eden 'Quay, Dublin; John Lickle, Cork; Hill Charles, Bel- upon mortgage of the premises.-Mr. Bennett, at the reque
Martstaudirraii.-Williani Thompson; 29, was charged on an dnterestedness of him who courts popularity, an
fast;
,John , Gimmell, Glasgow; William Saunders, Vauxhall of the Chairman, then read to the meeting, a paper which had
inquisition, with the manslaughter of James Thompson, at the man who sacrifices his repose, and. stands the bri
Quay, Plymouth; W. S. Smith, 16, John-street, Crotched- been drawn up, setting forth the necessity for such an institution
Lower Damen.he Grand Jury having ignored the Bill in defence of what he believes to be the truth."
T
friare, London; Maxwell and Newell, Bordeaux, or its advantages, 'and the mode in which it was proposed to carry
SAMUEL PERRY, 27, Water-street. it into effect. It was intended that the necessary funds should,
preferred against him, no evidence was offered on the inquisi-
TA
Liverpool, 19th March, 1833. be raised by £25 shares, and the Chairman suggested that if
tion
i and he
n, acquitted. TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL S -
the meeting approved of the scheme, a provisional Committee R chard Warburton,
urto 25 was indicted for the manslaughter of
his father-in-law Samuel Partington, at Warrington, on the •
The. GLASGOW and LIVERPOOL SHIPPING COMPANY'S should be appointed to prepare the details of the measure and to SIR,-In the present crisis of colonial affairs, and
MANCHEfiSeIe'
'''''v'' \ CLYDE
gr,,,
~.„..,,..- AILSA CRAIG
MANCHESTER
RTEAM PACKETS, obtain subscriptions.-Mr. Coglau inquired whether it was in-'
H. MAIN, Commander. tended to go on the plan of the Manchester-Club Room.-The
ROBT. CRAW FORD Commander. Chairman said that it was.-Mr, Coglan further inquired if any 17th of. July last.
SATURDAY.
• MANSLAUGHTER. . '
T WYLIE, Commander. calculation had been formed to show whether the scheme ,was James Cain, 62, was charged with killing and slaying Richard' the reaction which, in the face of every assertion
trary, has unequivocally displayed itself upon de
Slave Emancipation, I lseg, throegh the channel c's
ential paper, to suggest the propriety of preparing;
sail, as under, from the latrences Dock, with or without pilots, likely to remunerate the shateholders.-The Chairman replied Clarke, at Liverpool, on the 13th of July last. It appeared that possible, a petition to government, to be signed
-'-;
calling (weather permitting)" .the Isle of Man and Port- in the negative,-
.that would. be left to the Committee. In the deceased was passing by a warehouse, opposite Prince's numerous they are who are nerfectlY alive as es 1
patrick (with Passengers:only :) answer to other questions it was stated, that it was not intended Dock, on the daybefore named, about two o'clock, when a bag be,
of cotton was thrown out •of the second floor, by the prisoner, would, at the same time, legislate with due cautiOs
to the evils of slavery, cronsiderjed abslracteci'l
The CLYDE, TO•4IORROW tWednesday) the 27th instant, to be in opposition to the Exchange News Roomsor to interfere'
at Two o'clock in the Afternoon. with it in any way- and that the land would' cost' £16,000 and which alighted upon the deceased ; there were two carts before and with sufficient information, upon a subject so th
The MANCHESTER, on SATURDAY next, the 30th instant, the building £l4;oo,.making a total cost of £30,000.-Mr. Fos- the warehouse, one laden and the other empty, which was in- portance-a subject which, beyond all others insic
at Five o'clock in the Afternoon. ter, the architect, inquired if the shares were to be transferable. tended to have been filled with the cotton which was thrown this country, has been made the vehicle of the :-.
Apply to • MATTHIE and MARTIN, -The Chairman said that must be left to the Committee or to from the warehouse- The prisoner told a porter, who was in gant misrepresentations and unfounded calumnies'{
3, Drury-lane, Water-street- the subscribers generally.-Mr. Foster observed, in continua- the street loading the carts, to prevent people from passing un- What I suggest is, I believe, in progress in e'
tion, that if they were transferable, the thing would hardly sac- der, but he neglected to do so. The deceased was carried to the country. t al
sa'"'s' DIRECT STEAM CONVEYANCE TO coed ; the London Club-houses were ker• up by virtue of their the Infirmary, and it was foun-d. that he
• had received. a corn- Mr. Buxton is urgent in pressing the subjecs as
1 '4'►x , I, ~. a. DUMFRIES.
The Carlisle Steam Company sail exclusive character, the shares not being transferable •by the pound fracture on the thigh, which ultimately caused his death. meat-he may well be so-he knows better thins , _
original holders. He added, that they would require 1,600 sun. Several witnesses were called, amongst whom was his late was- the film is falling from the eyes of the public phi'
-----:-.65. s,--- THE CUMBERLAND AND SOLWAY, scribers to begin with to defray the interest of the capital. Toter, whom the prisoner had served seventeen years, and gave fatal to the cause of the Abolitionists, and that 11"
Every week, on MONDA and WEDNESDAY, for Whitehaven, this it was replied that so great a number of subscribers would him a character as a steady, hard_working
.man. Verdict- be gained, no time must be lost.
trii
u icnoesat s
ofa Guilty. Discharged. ,
c ris,
Maryport, Workington nnan, Waterfoot, and Boness,et i
eTliernueps
upon
nf
this Saturday,
subject.l Onethink,
nahi
ga sb,t as
ebly,'
00 us t 7111
Passengers are lande at Antian, Waterfoot, and thence for- not
year b
for
r required, i raeede,o asmmeeadcaht i
e n subscriber
afforded
bpeasyi
warded, after 4th Apri - out delay, to Dumfries, per coach. such refreshments as he- procures!. This was the practice in
Cabin' fare, including eward's fees and coach driver, 21s. ; the Manchester Club-room, which consisted of only 250 Irwin- NISI PRIUS COURT.-THURSDAY, MARCH 21st. aanflelaerler put forth by government. Bc this as 1•!-A
mences with acknowledging, unreservedly, Tint at
Deck ditto, 10s., including every charge. To Whitehaven, besides the
- lonists to compensation, and then goes onto r
~ si
Deck; 4s. To Boness, 155.; Deck, ss. in full.-Luggage
lOs.; bers.-Mr. Earle said that if they adopted the Blanchester plaa
above 401bs. weight charged, per coach (only), extra. throughout it would have a better chance of success, although LOWE v. OPENSHAW.-This was an action arising out of a improbability,
therewasmuch reater need of such an institution iiiManches- sweepstakes or handicapping on the last Doncaster St. Leger- consenting to the imposition of taxes for such at.sa,
g .
F. THEAKSTONE, 18, Water-stre t,
Who wants a second-hand OMNIBUS, in good order.
Apply toe ter thau in Liverpool. Gentlemen from the country came into MW'h r. ig tman opened the pleadings, and Mr. Pollock stated
Manchester on Tuesdays and Thursdays, and to them the the case to the jury. The plaintiff and defendant were both in the present state of the count )...iii
is reasonable of The Times. It is not likely;_fe
representatives of the people, pledged though Tihi
Club-room was a great convenience. Besides the Manchester persons moving in a respectable line of life; both of them, as be on this subject, will consent to anything ° s
•
On Monday last, there was a meeting of the Committee for people did not pay £16,000 for the land. They purchased a a learned friend of his had expressed it, administered the hos-
the mere trial of an experiment which, , aria
Defending the Privileges of the WesieYan Methodists- We house ready built, suitable for the purpose, for somewhere about pitalities of an inn at Manchester. A short time before the must appear in the
greatest degree hazardous, ,
to be ae
understand that one of the questions which they were convened £2,000. But to spend -30'or £40,000 for a snack-shop was quite last Doncaster races, certaiu persons, 28 in number, met at cal-read so-as to the ultimate benefit
to consider, was, whether the Wesleyans as a body should take ridiculous. There was no news-room connected with the Mau- the defendant's house, and agreed to make a bet, or lottery, on
, by the negroes themselves.-Yours, B'cA WEST
with the various denominations of dissenters in peti- chester Club; but here they would compel the members of the the St. Leger, each oithem put down £1; a horse was assigueu 25th .March.
any part
• • Varliament for a redress of grievances, particularly for Club to subscribe to the News-room as well as the Club-room. by lot to each of them, and the fortunate possessor of the win- ------------....---.
tioning ELECTION terminated °l',
the establishment of a general registry of births, and for the After some farther conversation of a very desultory character, ring horse was to have £2B. Margrave, the winner of the race, Al
WEST-CUMBERLAND
of Irton-hall, the
of all licensed places of worship from liability
,to be the greater number of the gentlemen present left the room, fell to the lot of the plaintiff, and he accordingly expected that in the return of Mr. 411 TON, .
exemption Major AGLIoNO.Y:
l'
rated for the poor. It is stated that they resolved not to inter and the meeting was ultimately dissolved without any resolu- he was to get the money, but on applying for it to the defend- candidate ; his opponent was
fere with the agitation of these questions.-C. Advocate, • tion being adopted. ant, he was told that a person named Fletcher, who had acted . upon the Whig interest, and was accordingly
s . .
to every

•
f
r
idin
0,04 r
:10,itn.,birieli.,,ittepe then agree
i,,s_
..hirieybedore
jelsariensubtata v
I..l3thnee.,:hthski
I:
lodib,eeicrel
cujeebs
thee rel'ir
r9,r
er 0
01
otPet
1.c).1,i'l 111;,eri Folk
,to
ija,ti ',itc'
0,
0,,,`,,, ' t,t,
~ :
,1
ittll
ittl I.
01
~0,
it
1 Thereecelf.),
,a.efe94l)
7: 14
421:1 at;rarat
i_toeld Ndol li
ii
istat
htwens.thal leßson
iy6i,teeryzeroostet IbwIPA-tuafee,aooOLriiwiorac:t
igilynnttdiln,hhkrisgaeCek.ddaailt
eel lhciseeci‘3east
htr.ofdicleYal chsTuopseshheha.oeihaet ut
lapn.osript loompent
second
issh mightStafforde
l'oeeoailcidoati‘art.
anilitil
I.lnodeftt
itostfprei
_fie..ithrtomnyrighrd_:cderi_i(i'
be atib:ei iti 4
to
s
inoP„e„ern . 871-414°tic'n of
/Sir K NNIR
Small De
imilient to the a second tinge
fr in „fl. ia.r Duties' ....„
irned I,
writtenfer t fait
. that
would proceedin whit
1 be P, e wa, no under wt
r, have been ti
itl:::::.titlhat no roan's aswseevt
efer t k t'llitg in th* ground for 1
~blittedilY individual,eho nar;(
orno' P 'tho een so ext •
~ loa
Without vtent that ther
indemn
had reeeived
:r.&iving
Ilt
made
that.
daiuti
:,
del It that the Said, he had ex 1
vcr,:suto:inucriff.u:p
oersseaer:aarrililbcrabod,eetesrifitepr , .
1:, t :
:It rres
c,
by toe ,},ep; k-26 ~, 0 eY were ready to P
! for ''' lks
Id ell,be 4 ~.kit tnle that he prot
for the olty to i 'ant, then let tl
on, pe 0,41 , Mt, ,those two. Why 1
, „b0:4'100! et thenection whatevers
ry
P.
,o, eera_'.‘e house went 'tl
it; but:6ll kuld untte,i ~ • .
„ s. Luis clay six n
lenla°•nd , qtlie l'°P°se seine COUItSI
irpOrP v , kLt_ ouse, and the
horlor liy gt°llnds-first,
,A , aeo . rst beta
He - cir - tOl nunittee 'a
h
he 'clef" ' -•,
4_ the were
unable ,An t a
weraoroei., :tjeegtias the present
to a!
.dt)ren 01: ° f 7A
!:: :of' :Li d.)
said e t
thatf°
on was ~ to in
other t ere
'el cam. 'flat he (Mr.
d p. etti -adat
ne ..ci it r .tt bg f es at the late
wow do at -0 or
t ~., punishment pe
, inaoajelos ii,hocr..ler elections. 'l. h
ntlY 3 t `4erto 13Y ou the •
reeve° 4frOit 111(1. 84xbrihery hair: of t
pare° ' t'a the ?°N • thought tehnes°c
ceil ~ Rtteltildernuitv,
norete, , ~,k the hilt.
herefel`iio t Ise • l'El'eN Would ~
atis dire c
ti3tistiee
~•,:.! vote for
4. Iltv thougiilhttheoe defeat
ii t, pi, Ittluld be inurcehwleaerett
a jee;) itliwitorrusual way.
ter, of,A;-'l4-tv said it we
he' subi of the
p.laetiti;-„, '' ancl, if the sit
ert I•°c tis '
:etuhreeiaiss.:, 11,0,
, tout 0,4', the house could
', 44kINGtheaSe• The law c
G en with
iroaryo y,,,i,einox thought drew his
nerits i/ ?, It Pass theb the hi
Aose lt mks v ill.
hat poix jet , i.ittle4s tioitletEhl&Nrix objei
• sloo si,lod ti,the tue had re anomalous to I
die], bl id I.,i`ttllte°tiou reported
, or Sir J. Ws or Z.
144 4 aouse rottc
;its i Nitresolve itself i
t;lt 14-ict.
. e , w aili said if
olleogu j tt leave the hon. ba
he fot'lla hi 11,411. k few the future
Le
refuse se itivircrds from an hon
# F
,iice
.ip. p?,* the amendment
intro° ,Olek 04 ur the original mo
rWhiasrdooramnue
s; hot ei#,kikitt:tir kha. Majority
v, to Kt ?r: e t 44,418_8.i-ea into the g
'it luig'il aait 'sing the bill, t
subject? Ile oitlkavi)aell'hoents were prey
e satne Btadj'et 34(41e through Joni
Ivice to ooru,ciers of the day m
at 'rwo , k.
:4' 4
; 03
ts?
..„.......,..........„....2322:._
A tt s3lqip,„
THE SOC
11T A "'ICE BET Nb
,ii. A Pri), afros fl fl 1
ei :,ti,tikil:;;ltoi:l44l,l4s ot
ne i?t y of Frie
eo,
opeo"
eeqt t4try
fkoeetitil;Treolnhewiciiiii
as a° # 64$ .444 el:warding, on bet
3, 4ee}
.i) , 4je„, tea Hibbert d
,„d Or W.
tle,,,‘- r„ . with
. , an
tea i'• .i. tie,, et 411iresui that atten
pla ecirj„ 21 eetin •
,is SP 1, V @ St of i 1
Ifoun
urg,lf. t.l-111.4tb_ st
141311th, 1833
'.'‘'.ll4:a :a hrei cah;, t
h atco )3111
was
re
