SLIPTEMBER 10, 183 S.

11EV. .TOSEPH WOLFF.
(From. the Calcutta Courier of Alitreh 27.)
TRANSLATION OF THE ,LETTER OF THE GRAND MOGUL TO TH •

REV. JOSEPH WOLFF. '.
The Seal of Aboonusar Moeen Oodeen
Mahummud Akbar Shah I'adshah (Thazee.
Know yoZ, the ltev. Mr. Wolff, the faithful and the Weil"
wisher, on whom descendeth the mercy of the high ( King Akbai7
Shah,) that you who attended at this court (on which the wurit,
places reliance) represented your fidelity and the earnestness
your devotion to the presence, and the presence derived int"
pleasure and gratification from your knowledf-e and. %vigilant'
you are to consider yourself always enjoying the royal favor'
which is blended with your happy circumstances. For the rest,
think that you are honoured with the royal favour.

AUTOGRAPHIC LETTER FIIONI THE. KING OF oUDE TO TITS
REV. JOSEPH WOLFF.
His Majesty cannot refrain from expressing to the 11ev. 41.••
J. Wolff the pleasure that he derived from his visit.
His Majesty being satisfied of Mr. \Void's talents,
anxious to learn an account of the countries and laOly places hen
had- visited, would wish that he remained here tor a -short
time; but as his departure is so prompt, his Majesty hide tuul
M
farewell, wishing the Rev. r. J. Wulff every prosperity an
happiness.

TRANSLATION OF MULVEE M HONINIED ISIIAK'S LETTER I.°

THb: REV. JOSEPH WOLFF.
I answer this to the Rev. Joseph Wolff—ln all religions there
are some points of radical, and others of but collateral
portance. Of the revealed religion- of blues, Christ, an".
Mohammed, the root consists of three parts—viz. the unity ei
GA a' state of retribution, and the mission of prophets. Rut
though some admit, others deny the divine mission of our pro-
phet. The Jews acknowledge the ptophetic characters of Jest":
and Mohammed, but the Christians (Nazareens) deny the latte •
The Mussnimans establish the divine mission of our-prophet by
numerous proofs, three of which I shall recite,-Ist. Thai Mu-%
hammed, son of Abdoolah Hushmee, of the Kateist tribes °1
Mecca and Medina, was a prophet sent by God, is attested bI
his miracles ; for whoever achieves such is anquestionablY: "
prophet. Front these we deduce the unavoidable conclusio!2,
therefor that Mohammed is the prophet of God. Hillis&
claimed the recognition of this, and Lo one denied it or tlr
reality of his miracles, which succeeded each other in a reentr
series. Their reality was no more doubted than that of 1-01 "
stantinople, London, and Abyssinia, of that of Ilatim, oostinn,
and Isfaudiar. The proofs by which their existence becomes
established are essentially the same as those ob which the milli
cies and prophetic character of Muhainnied rest. 2ndlY. That
the Koran is from the mouth of God, is as little to be doubted
as that the Old and New Testaments and the prophecies Fro. -
ceed from Into ; fur no one can, deny that the, composition of
the Koran is without a parallel, and the past an 4 quturc
folded in it could only be flout God. The Jews .and
trans opposed to its divine origin, though skilled in its lan-
guage, were unable to produce even one*solitary verse similarly
perfect. Indeed, up to this date, A.ll. 1215, no Arabian,
Persian, no inhabitant of Christendom, of India, or nt
Scind, no human or super-human being ( , ), ha I
produced a composition so
.perfect and surpassing. And'
thirdly, the. divine mission is proved in numerous cliapttrs
and verses of this Work, which I ant ready to adduce. Moreover,
many attributes belonged to the Prophet which uone_else. pl°'
ducea. His bodily strength was greatly superior to that ofother .•
men; so were his forbearance, liberality, wisdom, and trust in -
God, his truth, honesty, the fulfilment of promises, and beneo'
cence, his comprehension, capacity, justice, and compassion, his •
comeliness of feature and complexion, fragrance of person, do-
votion to God, austerity and•strict observance of religious rites,
with divers other surpassingiqualities. He too proclaimed Goo,_s
unity, and that he had neither partner nor equal, that rnei'
should first pray and give alms in his name—he said to the poor,
to relatives, to the distressed, and to holy devotees, observejn''
lice one towards another, abstain from murder, fornicatitn,
swearing, and theft, chicanery and deceit, from falsehood, brel.ch
of promise, and the love of this world. If exposed to tvranor,
he commanded us to forgive the tyrant, to propitiate God by the
sacrifice of animals, amid to observe hospitality. Whosoever ei"
hibits these and such like attributes must be indeed a prophet.
For instance, a certain person arriving in a city says, " I anti a
physician." "If so," reply the inhabitants, "write us a book
for the sick, and point out their remedies." Ile dues all this.--
Flis book resembles those of antecedent physicians; thousands
are cured by its means and by its study. Many physicians •
arc produced, all successful in curing. Should any of the
citizens say, "This is no physician," the world would pronounce
them to be ignorant fools; for, were any one to deny that
, Hippoerates,-Galen, Socrates, and Avicenna were ph.ysicians,
he would be looked upon as contemptible and mad. The proofs
of their truth are not stronger than those regarding our prophet'
,Again, were any one to deny that the East India Company
krnies in Hindostan, would lie not be considered as ignorant and
Insane? Even so must be considered that person who denlo,
"Siuhammecl to have been a prophet. • Our well-established re-
ligion prevails in many countries and cities, and is professed
by'Manfus, Mulvees, learned and holy men in Arabia, Toorun,
Persia, Turkey, Khoorasau, India, Scind, Bhookara, Abyssi"
nia, and the Mu rah, and many souls have, throtigh its means.been blessed and received forgiveness of theiri sins. So manylearnetiind transcendent men appear not in support of abi
other cret4l; nor do so many
.valuable books, traditions, cony
mentaries, 'and proofs, concur in establishing any other religion
whatsoever. Should a few blind men assert that the sot :10
not risen, beeause they have not seen hint, would any one place, •
reliance on their word? No; let their blindness be cured, and
the sun becomes visible. Our religion is no less clear than hi'
light. The words of our prophet are acknowledged as true-","
why then doubt of his ascent to and return from heaven ?
Antecedent prophets foretold his corning upon earth. WhYr,
then deny that his mission was divine ? What proofs,. l'`
me ask, have you that Jesus was the Son of God ? it'
wally works it is stated that this implies merely his propin'
gully to and approach by God? is Jest* I Wouldiek, of the
same nature as God ? If he he, then can ho be uo other than
God. But it is acknowledged that God existed front eternity,
and was not produced or born;- now Jesus was born. If yul
say he was born of the Holy Ghost, still was fie produced, an
`l
therefore, be self-existent, or equal to it. Whether their
is Jesus born—of God, the Holy Ghost, or the Virgin Mao •
If Jesus was not of the same nature as God, how could be It:
the son of God ? Again, was Jesus the property ur not of Gad
If If the property, he could.not be the son, these two being dI"
tinet and different. Did Jesus necessarily proceed from God dr,.
not? If necessarily, then was God subject to time necessity 0,1
appearing upon earth ; but to him necessity applies not.
if Jesus necessarily came, did he so for his own or God's glen •
and perfection ?if God's, then was God imperfect, and to hint
imperfection cleaves not. If for his own perfection, then %cal
Jesus imperfect. If Jesus was born, as you say, of the Buhl
Spirit, and the meaning of Holy Spirit tie Jesus, then was is:,
born of himself. If Jesus was born of Gabriel, then was Dr"
the son of that angel, and not of Mary or God.. If Jesus WO
to God as life to man's body, as you declare, then must he We.
been God himself. Finally, which, proof have you that Jesus i;
the last of the prophets ?
The above is from the Grand Mullah of Delhi.

Colonel King, Governor of Heligoland, &c., left London O,LI
,
Friday morning, in the General Steam Navigation Compaaf '
mall-packet the William Jolbffe, for Hamburg.
rt
The Members of the Conference did not meetlieSterdav, -b I,
there were frequent meetings of the Corps „Liiplornatique at 0,5-
hotel of one of the principal Anibiittsadors: In the eveniLle'
several couriers left town for Yausgrtiorlin, Vienna, &C.'.
Herald, Saturday.
• • e
The public ate grumbling greatly at the increase in the, re,
of sugar and other West India produce. This is surely .very
unreasonable. If people are discontented now, what will ti!''
be when they find that, they have paid £20,006,000 to abolis :00
slavery in our own colonies, merely to enable Brazils and•CiP
to raise sugar by slave labour, and to charge for it an old:lAG°
price?—Felix. Farley's Bristol Journal. ,
LADIES' DRESSES FIFTY YEARS SINCE.—The costume of 1,,13
dies of my time, which is now much ridiculed, was then of sso
extraordinary richness and brilliancy, worn with. infinite ts,'r,
and chastened in all its exaggerations. With all this parapsc,,
nalia of feathers, rids stuffs, hoops, and flounces, a woman iv 4;
forced to use a slow majesty in ad her movements. I have s,,te',--
some very fair ladies who, when powdered, and drawiug 3"
them their„ long trains of white satin, and balancing with skipl,
the spotless plumes that waved ()ter their foreheads, mi'..tht ;
truly compared to some bird like to, but much msre noble thic
a swan. Perhaps a white Walt dove is the better type—ter t; -bt
delicate little bodies concealed amid enormous folds of silk L'e'sts
replications of muslin, with the long wings of lace that
am
from our arms concealed us as the down does the dove ;- 3,is
when we thrust out from beneath this graceful pile of white 0„,1
little balancing feet in those high-heeled shoes, that alto`.`
only the extremities of the toes to meet the !iround, it was trn,
ii
then that we feared to touch the earth, and that we walie,,
with the disdainful caution of a little shepherdess on the horli,
of a breuk.—`• of a Lady of Quality."—MetleT
lan May.
PALL IN THE PRICE OF WINUS.—The vintage in Fran'., sal
this year is one of the best that has been known for selst
years past. The quality of these wines is almost equal to ,th"e
of the celebrated year of the comet, whilst the quantity is In ,r,
larger, and even beyond that of what is called an average *.Fe in
It is expected that there will be a fall of about 20 per eetnors
the prices of the finer description of wines." In Chamftse
already the wines which were sold'at 40 francs per dozen .e,
now offered for 30, and the commoner sorts of Champagne,losnis
which are frequently sold in England as high- as 725. per allwrs
are offered at 27 francs, delivered at Calais. This is somt-t'es-
under 2s. per bottle, and, adding the duty and all other of;
pauses, Champagne wine, equal to three-fourths of what is tif,s.
in London, may be had for less than two guineas per d"liiii4
The Rhenish wines will be also very good and abundant
year.—Globe. ell'
I recollect an anecdote (says Sir John Herschel, in the I), ii.;
ing address to the Subscribers to the Windsor and Etou IN's, s
Library, of which the learned knight is president) told inf 1:1,,%
late highly. respected inhabitant of Windsor, as a fact whit li"
could personady testify, having occurred in a village whey' i.
resided several years, and where he actually was at the 65 of
took place-. 'I he blackmith of the village had got
,11L,' oil
Richardson's . novel of " Pamela, or Virtue liewardeu, a ell
esed to read it aloud, in the long' summer evenings, seate , so'
his anvil, and never failed to have a large and attentiv.'o3s,s,
dience. It is a pretty long-winded book; but their pOrairl,.
was fully a match for the author's prolixity, and the's:
tole
listened to it all. At length, when the happy turn of Os sets
arrived which brings the hero and heroine together, anuoset'
them living long and happily, according to the most aPP'„IrO
rules, the congregation were so delighted as to raise a ~s,ll
shout, and, procuring the church keys, actually set the P
bells a-ringing.
lsle P,
Some time ago a young man belinving to a respeStilA 0:
milt', residing in a small town in the department of the ts'i. til,
showed symptoms of moody maduesh. He was put tug';'-e sti,
care of a medical practitioner keeping a maison-de-saTosti
it
short distance from the town, whet.; ha remained two l'efoc,
without the slightest improvement, • He pertinaciouslY,r, jcs-',
all medicine, and nothing could induce: him to take l'''-ts do's
exercise or amusement. -All at once the doctor observ.coot„.
wheneer his daughter was present the' young man's ,‘ ,slia`o
nauce became cheerful, and lie was easily induced to o°, , 0,, '
ever was required of him. In congequence of this clialasa,',
young lady was constituted, as it were, his nurse or atte,"be 0,,
stud soon afterwards his sanity was so far restored this. fuse!,
turned how*. It appeared that, howevtrr he might havcaoio",
'deficient in reason during his abode at tae doctor's, the,l) oii:,
of love was sufficiently alive, for some time afterwards 'I tit i'lo,
to the doctor and demanded his daugh. 'ft in marriage, ,e, y
manner which showed that the dread. til malady was l'oe ti.!s,,
timely extinct, though changed in character. Aware o_,ltr'or gji.,,r
ger of irritating such a suitor, the prude it lather woula,c ctV
a refusal, but told him that he would qouverse with tu
,le 1,
lady on the subject. The alarmed ph) Eiden on the 'ls.-0(1e.,,,,i
went to the parents of his patient, and i !quested them t(?coitti
your to divert their son from his pursuit. This they a,%).0,,,,
to do, but their measures immediately a tew the miserao;,0,01!1:0,
back into his former state. He taut hi iuself up iu his ,10001.0 f
and only joined the family at meal-hiairs. He cont'ssot st,
this state fur a fortnight, when one eve- 'Ling, on beingic,,lstp
to supper, he was absent, and did not
tin
the wk“)...0, 00
nor could he be found, though sought fo every directu,,,i fro ,l
inc following morning the physician w:;s found on the ~ over f
the town to his ?prawn-de-sante with his head near!) giati,,
from his body, and a bill usect ilir cutting wood, belol'oii,,'
the fa mth•,..:_:l•2L9 -I,—*: . I - .----......,•=-::-- virTher.i.;.l.o:4. ,'
