LIVER THEATRE, CHURCH-STREET.

BENEFIT OF MR. T. D. RICE, and positively his Last
Appearance but One.
Mr. J. L. HATT 0 N.
MHIS present FRIDAY EVENING, the 28th instant,
.I. the entertainments will commence with a New Drama,
written for the peculiar talents of Mr. T. D. Rice, and per-
formed by him at the Theatre-Royal, Adelphi, and other
London Theatres, with most distinguished success, entitled
THE FOREIGN PRINCE !
Ebenetzer Mr. Tilbury.
Jim Crow Mr. T. D. Rice, in which character he
will sing his highly-popular Song, in which he has been
nightly honoured with the most rapturous encores by
crowded and delighted audiences, " Sicha Gittin up Stairs."
After which, Misses Thomassin and Lidia will appear in their
admired BOLERO, from the Opera, Massaniello.
Mademoiselle Chevallier her Dance from Rob Roy.
To which will be added, the laughable Negro Farce, written
expressly for Mr. T. D. Rice, and acted by him so suc-
cessfully at no less than five London Theatres, entitled
JIM CROW IN LONDON.
Skinflint Mr. Tilbury.
Jim Crow.... (a well-known character).... Mr. T. D. Rice,
in which he will introduce an entirely New Version of
" JIM CROW."
Misses Thomassin and Lidia will dance a popular
PAS DE DEUX.
Madlle. Chevallier her admired dance of CUPID.
The whole to conclude with celebrated Historical Drama of
JACK SHEPPARD ;
OR, THE HOUSEBREAKER OF 1703.
Owen Wood Mr. Tilbury.
Joe Blueskin Mr. J. L. Hatton,
In which character he will sing " The Jolly Nose," " Now
Farewell my Rowry Towries," and the Chorus " Nix my
Dolly, Pals, Fake Away."
Jonathan Wild Mr. Barton.
Jack Shepherd Mrs. Barton.
TO-MORROW, (Saturday,) various Novelties, in which
Mr. T. D. Rice will make his Last Appearance.
On MONDAY next, March 2d, will be presented a New
Drama, (never acted here,) called A MAIDEN'S FAME,
and a popular Interlude, in which Mr. RAYMOND will
make his Fourth Appearance this Season ; with other En-
tertainments.
Tickets and places for the Boxes may be had of Mr.
BREZE, at the Box-office, from Eleven till Three o'Clock.
Boxes, 35.; Pit, 2s. ; Gallery, 6d. Second Price at Half-past
Eight : Boxes, 2s, ; Pit ls. ; no Second Price to the Gallery.
Doors to be open at Half-past Six o'Clock, performance to
commence at Seven precisely.

ROYAL AMPHITHEATRE OF ARTS, WHICH
WILL SHORTLY CLOSE.
THIS EVENING, (FRIDAY,) and TO-MORROW,
&SATunnAir,)
LAST TWO_NI_ HTS OF THE P,,IOESENT"

GRAND SPECTACLE.
The performances commence at Seven o'ciock. with one of
those unequalled and magnificent Speotgeles for which this
Establishment is so popular,Ontitled the
VICTORIES OF EDWARD, THE BLACK PRINCE ;
OR, THE BATTLE YIELD.
Unequalled Feats of Horsmanship, and Ducrow's Classical
Scenes in the Circle.—For the first time out of London,
Mr. Ducrow will have the pleasure of presenting a magnifi-
cent Picturesque History of ancient and modern Eques-
trianism, introducing MADAME DUCROW and the highly-
trained Steeds Beauty ! Pegasus ! Bucephalus ! Spanish
Steed ! with the whole Equestrian Troop and Stud, entitled
CATHERINE OF RUSSIA;

OR, THE GRAND ECOLL.
The Lady's Palfrey, Beauty, will be managed and instructed
by Madame Ducrow, as Catherine, in her extraordinary and
admired Voltes Terre a Terre, Cabriolles, &c.--In the course
of this pageant, the Waltz, Gavotte, and Cotillon, will be
Danced by Trained Steeds of LA BELLE ASSEMBLEE,
and in which each Horse will execute a separate and single
Pas Seul, &c.
The Evening's Performance will conclude with, for the first
time out of London, MOORE'S
LALLA ROOKH ; OR, THE FIRE WORSHIPPERS.

As the Company will shortly depart for London and Bir-
mingham, all persons having CLAIMS on Mr. DUCROW
are requested to send them in.

TEMPLARS' HALL.
SIGNOR GUILIO REGONDI has the onour to an-
nounce, that he will give a CONCER f VOCAL and
INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC, at the abov • ooms, on MON-
DAY EVENING, March 2nd. Signor G ' egondi will be as-
sisted by Miss YANIEWICZ an Miss PAULINE
YANIEWICZ.
Further particulars will be given in a few days.
Tickets, Five Shillings each, to be had at all the Music
Shops.
The Concert to commence at Eight precisely.

Ebt Etherpoot at tanbarb.

FRIDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 28, 1840.

We have been favoured with a copy of the British
Guiana Royal Gazette, of the 26th of December, the
contents of which are unusually interesting. The
scarcity of agricultural and other labourers is still as
loudly as ever complained of. We are glad to perceive
that the subscriptions towards Mr. Holmes's project
for obtaining a supply of hands from the United States
are " progressing" most favourably. A correspond-
ent of the Royal Gazette states that, if this plan had
been put in operation a year sooner, there would have
been, at the present time, many thousands of addi-
tional labourers in the colony. But " better late than
never." It is a subject of hearty congratulation that
Mr. Holmes has made a successful movement in this
matter. It is said that there are upwards of 500,000
free blacks in the United States, living in the most ab-
ject state of outcast degradation. The whites refuse
to eat, work, or walk with them. They dare not show
themselves in the Slave States, for fear of contaminat-
ing the slaves with a free spirit. They have no outlet
excepting Canada, and they are anxious to emigrate to
any country where they can better their condition ; but
they will not go to the colony of Liberia. The greater
part of these labourers, we are informed, can and will
cheerfully pay their own expenses, and all will joyfully
engage to refund. Their passage to British Guiana
need not cost more than twelve or fifteen dollars per
head. They are said to be the best labourers for the
colony that can be found anywhere, not even excepting
the Bahamians ; and they are described as more sober,
more industrious, more moral, and more advanced in
their knowledge of the arts of civilized life, than any
class of their colour in existence. If these representa-

tions be strictly correct—if there be such a class of la-
bourers, anxious to emigrate to our West India Colo-
nies—and if no obstacle be interposed by the Govern-
ment of the United States—would it not be desirable
to form an Emigration Society in England, for the
purpose of raising adequate funds for procuring a sup-
ply of these labourers ? The West India Associations
in this country are deeply interested in the success of
the experiment. it may lead to results of the most
important and beneficial character. The accession of
500,000 well-disposed, free labourers to the population
of the British West Indies would give an unparalleled
stimulus to the prosperity of those truly magnificent
Colonies ; while it would, at the same time, react upon
the manufacturing and commercial interests of this
country in the most salutary manner.
While, however, we would strenuously advocate a
full trial of the experiment proposed by Mr. Holmes,
we would not, for a moment, lose sight of other sources
from which labourers, fully adapted for the climate of
the British West Indies, can he procured. There is
room enough for ten times as many labourers as can
be procured from the United States in Jamaica and
British Guiana. Other facilities for immigration
must, therefore, be diligently sought after. The Hill
Coolies, in particular, must be looked to as offering a
suitable class of immigrants, who are willing and anxi-
ous to leave their own famine-struck country, with its
poverty and pestilential visitations, for a country where
their labour will find an adequate reward, and their
days will be spent in peace and plenty. We trust that,
when the subject of immigration into our Colonies
comes before the House of Commons in a tangible
shape, the restrictions now existing on the deportation
of the Hill Coolies for the West Indies will be re-
moved. We feel assured that the evidence already in
the hands of the members of the House of Commons
will be sufficient to induce a favourable consideration
of this important subject. That evidence derives an
almost daily corroboration from the news brought by
every
il Hill
Coolies arrival from Dm
arreo
found ebeor
tairia andt
to answer
13erbi.eimc ea, r wherekably wtehl
and to be perfectly contented with their treatment and
condition.

Africa, again, must he looked to for a supply of la-
bourers for the West Indies. A system of free inter-
course between the civilized blacks of our Colonies,
and their brother tribes on the western coast of Africa,
will prove, we have no doubt, the true key to the civi-
lization of the whole of Africa. The native tribes of
Africa would, if the matter were properly explained to
them by the free labourers in the West Indies, infi-
nitely prefer emigrating to our Colonies, to running the
constant risk of being entrapped as slaves, by remain-
ing in their own country.

But to return to our Guiana news. 'We find, from

the Royal Gazette, that a meeting of merchants was
held at the Court-house, New Amsterdam, Berhice, for
the purpose of taking into consideration the increased
charges on trade, the decreased prices on merchandize,
and the changed condition of the labouring population
from slavery to freedom, whereby the practice formerly
pursued on estates of finding the labourers with food,
clothing, &c., has been entirely subverted, and money
Payments for labour instituted in its stead, creating a
demand for money hitherto not experienced in the Co-
lony. In consequence of these altered relations of so-
ciety it was resolVed, at the above meeting, "that.from
and after the first of January all plAntation

meaning by that term every article of merchandize—
delivered to an estate, shall be considered as cash, and
in every way placed on the same footing as produce is
at present—namely, payable on demand of the seller."
The most interesting article, however, in the Royal
Gazette, is the subjoined description of a grand fancy
ball, which took place, on Christmas eve, at Vreed-en-
Hoop, an estate belonging to John Gladstone, Esq., of
this town. This account furnishes a striking example
of the happiness and contentment which prevail
among the coloured population of the West Indies.;
and affords a triumphant refutation to the absurd state-
ments and atrocious slanders of the mischief-making
Anti-Slavery agitators. It also proves the mutual good
feeling which subsists between the planters and the la-
bourers,
wherever the latter have happily been exempted
from the malevolent influence of John Scoble and. Co.
Scenes such as those described below are by no means
of unusual occurrence in the West Indies. On such
occasions the indulgence shown, to the labourers is far
greater than any enjoyed by the corresponding classes
in this country.
We would particularly direct the attention of our
readers to the speeches of Daniel Stron and Vincent
Paradise in the following account. They speak vo-
lumes in favour of the planters.
FANCY BALL AT VREED-EN-HOOP.

On Christmas-eve, Vincent Paradise, head labourer on the
above estate, and well known as the individual whose inflex-
ible integrity and rigid adherence to truth, John Scoble was
unable to shake, entertained the sable ladies and gentlemen
of his acquaintance with a fancy ball.
Ten or fifteen days previously to the 24th, cards of invita-
tion, executed in the most fashionable style, were issued, not
only to such as were to appear in fancy dresses, but also to
numbers of white gentlemen of the first respectability in the
neighbourhood.
The whole day was fine, and admirably fitted for arranging
the preparations of the evening. The last, or five o'clock
boat from the town-side of the ferry, was crowded from stem
to stern, and from larboard to starboard, with people of all
classes and colours, from the metropolis ; the deck was
covered, over its length and breadth, with baskets, tin canis-
ters, and band-boxes, filled with the robes of dukes and
duchesses, of lords and ladies, and of peasants and country
girls. Knots, epaulettes, plumes, and such ornaments as
would suffer from being bruised, were laid carefully on the
binnacle, on canister lids, or carried in the hands. On arriv-
ing at the Vreed-en-lioop Ferry Stelling, all was found to
be hurry, joy, and expectation ; happiness beamed on every
countenance, and the greatest enemy of the colony would
have sought in vain for any, even the least, symptom of the
distress and oppression under which they have represented

the labourers as suffering. The room in which the assem-
bly met is a large logie among the buildings on Vreed-en-
Hoop ; and to it, from all directions, were seen hurrying,
gentlemen in great numbers, some in gigs, and others on
horseback. Many of the girls and boys who were to appear
in characters drove to the place in the chaises and convey-
ances of their employers, in order to prevent their dresses and
ornaments from being injured by walking. Proprietors,
attorneys, and managers of estates, up the river and down
the coast, merchants, doctors, lawyers, magistrates, and pri-
vate gentlemen, from town and country, all assembled to
participate and rejoice in the evening's amusement.
The apartment that was fitted up for the occasion is in
length 87 feet, and in breadth 36, and its decorations were
on a style in the highest degree grand and elegant. It was
entered at one end, so that to a spectator going in at the
door, a fall view of the whole scene presented itself. A large
beam runs the entire length of the room, and supports the
floor above it exactly in the middle. From this was sus-
pended a Hogarthian line of waving drapery, richly embroi-
dered with scarlet and gold, having arched spaces at intervals,
through which persons could pass from one side to the other.
It divided the apartment, through the whole length, into two
equal parts, leaving a space of 18 feet broad on each side for
the dancers. From the centre of the ceiling of each side
division was hung a row of brilliant chandeliers, fantastically
bedecked with variously-coloured ornaments ; and at the
outer extremity of both sides was suspended a similar row
of lamps, the whole composing a beautiful illumination. At
the upper end were executed, of evergreens and rich flowers,
a device comprising the initials of Victoria Regina, and be-
tween them the crown of Great Britain. On each side of
this burned a lamp of extraordinary brightness ; the whole
was over arched and embowered by two trees of liberty,
which were planted so that their unfading and luxuriant
boughs were entangled together above. A colonnade of
green branches rested on the floor, close to the sides of the
room ; these ran the entire length of the 83 feet, and their
foliage was trained so as to overhang the chandeliers in the
middle of the side spaces. The orchestra was decorated in
a tasteful and fantastic manner.

About eight o'clock the fancy guests began to assemble,
and it was really difficult to know whether to admire most the
costliness and elegance of the dresses, or their appropriate-
ness to the rank and character they were intended to repre-
sent; kings and queens, lords and ladies, dukes and duchesses,
naval and military officers, chiefs and haughty dames of the
olden time, pirates and highwaymen, drunken sailors, and
beggars upon crutches, old men tottering and paralytic, and
women of equal age and frailty attending to them with an
affection and care apparently as great as if they had climbed
and descended the hill of life together. Little boys with
their whimsical and ludicrous trappings, and girls having
their brows encircled with chaplets and garlands of flowers ;
in a word, every variety of character that can well be ima-
gined was present on the occasion, and many of no character
at all.

Numbers of respectable ladies were irresistibly attracted to
survey the scene, and gentlemen of rank and standing mixed
freely among the sable group.
Previously to the ball being led off by Vincent Paradise
himself, who was king, and by his lady, who was queen,
Daniel Stron raised himself into an erect posture from off his
crutches, on which he rested a body apparently wasted by
age and bent by decrepitude, and addressed the assembly in a
loud, clear, and distinct voice, to the following effect :
" Ladies and Gentlemen,—l see that the present meeting
is composed of the natives of England, Ireland, and Scotland.
It is to the exertions and good-will of the British nation, and
to the kindness of our good Queen Victoria, that we owe the
relieving of our necks from the yoke. It shall be our con-
stant endeavour, both as subjects of Queen Victoria and
as agricultural labourers in the colony of British Guiana, to
behave ourselves as becomes free men. I hope we shall never
disgrace our good Queen by acting in any way contrary to
her wish. I hope always to see plenty of labour and good
crops in this colony. Gentlemen, lam glad to see you all
here this evening, and I hope you will enjoy yourselves well."

As soon as Mr. Stron had concluded the speech, he bent
himself down upon •his crutches, resumed his assumed cha-
racter of a mendicant, and supported it well throughout the

evening.

Dancing commenced about nine o'clock. There was room
sufficient for eight sets of quadrilles, and politeness and good
nature prevailed in the whole assembly.
About one o'clock, or rather after, supper was announced,
and there was a decorum observed in going to, while at, and
in coming from the table, that many assemblies of higher pre-
tensions might have been proud of.
Mr. Matheson, a gentleman engaged in the conducting of
the affairs of the Vreed-en-Hop estate, was in the chair, and
Mr. Sanderson, the manager, was croupier. It was with pe-
culiar satisfaction that we observed seated, at the same table,
the labourer and his employer, together with magistrates,
professional and private gentlemen. It was a rich entertain-
ment for a benevolent eye to behold, gentlemen of rank and
standing in the colony encouraged, by their presence, the in-
fant efforts of our emancipated population to rise into re-
spectability, independence, and into the refinements of civi-
lised life.

When the cloth was removed, the Chairman gave " The
Queen ;" and after the hearty cheers and acclamations which
the toast had called forth had subsided, Vincent Paradise
returned thanks, and expressed himself to the following im-
port :

" Ladies and Gentlemen,—ln the name of the labourers
upon this estate, I will return thanks for the health of her
Majesty Queen Victoria. We all feel grateful for the gift of
our freedom. I have been headman on Vreed-en-Hoop, in
slavery time, in 'prentice time, and since free, and have al-
ways seen good men well-treated ; and I do not think that
good honest labourers, who were willing to work, were ever
badly treated ; they might be by some masters, but not many.
From the goodness of Queen Victoria that gave us our free-
dom, we have all opportunities of making ourselves comfort-
able and independent ; and I hope there will not be a negro
found in all this colony who will prove ungrateful to the
Queen and to the people of England for the important gift
that they have bestowed upon us. Gentlemen, lam very
happy to see you all here, and much obliged to you for com-
ing; and I sincerely trust that the pleasure and harmony of
this evening may be the forerunners of future peace and good
understanding between the proprietors and the labourers of
the colony." Mr. Paradise concluded his speech amid loud
and continued cheering.

Mr. Sanderson gave "The Governor and Court of Policy."
This was received with great enthusiasm and loud cheering.
Mr. Matheson rose and said—" In the absence of Mr.
Stuart, the attorney of this estate, I have one other toast to
propose, and in doing so I may be allowed to say that it has
been Mr. Stuart's wish, as it has been my endeavour, to cul-
tivate a good understanding between the employer and those
who conducted the labour of the estates, and I trust that the
good feeling which now prevails between the employer and
labourers, on this estate, may long continue to the mutual
benefit and satisfaction of both parties. I will now propose
health, prosperity, and happiness to our hosts on this occa-
sion, and to all the labourers of British Guiana."

Mr. Vincent Paradise said, that he felt proud for that toast,
and hoped that all the labourers of British Guiana would ever
be found worthy of the good opinion of the proprietors ; and
concluded by proposing the health of Mr. Gladstone, and
peace and prosperity on all the estates.
Mr. Matheson.-1 now beg to return thanks in the name
of Mr. Gladstone, for the favour just conferred on him, and
ulgy exPrtee the pleasure I am sure he would feel were he

now present here to witness the way in which his efforts to
make his labourers contented and happy are appreciated.
Mr. M'Clelland said, that, with the permission of the
chair, he wished to propose a toast. He prefaced it by say-
ing, that he would not detain the company by any lengthened
remarks, although the subject was one of a very soft, delicate,
and important nature, and well calculated to awaken all the
finer feelings of the soul, inasmuch as everything connected
with the harmonies and elegancies of human existence was
intimately connected with it. He wished to propose "The
Ladies." This was responded to with unbounded applause.
Mr. M'Cormick proposed " The Agricultural Interests of
this Colony," and said he challenged the Emerald Isle, the
Land of the Rose, the Land'of the Thistle, and the Land of
the Leek, to produce a peasantry so contented, independent,
and happy as those which are in this colony. Attempts have
been made to poison their inexperienced minds, and sow the
seeds of discontentment among them ; but he was glad to
find that they were now beginning to know their friends from
their foes, and hoped that they would never become the
dupes of the latter.

This was suitably acknowledged.
Supper over, dancing was resumed and kept up with greal
spirit until after daylight in the morning.
The dresses at this fancy ball, taken altogether, cost up-
wards of £3OO sterling, and the whole expenses of the enter-
tainment about £4OO.

These are the labourers that are mulcted of their wages,
and oppressed by their employers ! May every hand be
withered that will ever again attempt to sow strife, mistrust
and dissension among our peaceful and happy peasantry ;
and every tongue be silenced that may endeavour to poison
their minds !

The Guiana Royal Gazette, noticed in the preceding
article, furnishes us with some very interesting parti-
culars respecting the Colony of Puerto Rico, which we
may very properly lay before our readers at the present
crisis, when attempts are being made to destroy our
Wrest India Colonies, by placing the slave-grown pro-
duce of Foreign Colonies on the same footing as the
produce of our own free-labour Colonies.
It appears that the number of slaves in Puerto Rico

is usually estimated at from 40,000 to 50,000. It is

supposed that there are three or four times as many
free persons, natives of the island, who are considered
the same as the whites. The island is about 100 miles
long, and 40 broad, of which not more than one-third
is in cultivation. The annual produce is about 100,000

hogsheads of sugar, of 1500 lbs. each; 100,000 bags

and upwards of coffee, of 100 lbs. each; besides mo-
lasses, rum, and cotton. The crop of tobacco in 1839
is said to have been about 8,000,000 lbs., most of
which was shipped to the continent of Europe. The
produce of Puerto Rico is now annually increasing to
a very considerable extent.
The statement from which the preceding statistical
details ate extracted, says that " Brazil, Columbia,
Cuba, Hayti, and Puerto Rico consume from four to

six millions annually of British manufactured goods."
Having stated this, it adds—" It is only reasonable
that British merchants should have it in their power to
remit the produce of these countries to Britain in pay-
ment : and it is alio reasonable that the people of Bri-
tain should have their choice of sugar and coffee from

any and from all quarters, while they are able and will-
ing to pay for them." This assumption is merely an
echo to the cant of such men as William Ewart, Esq„
and other equally enlightened advocates of the system
of " free trade," the extension of which has already
proved so detrimental to our Colonial interests. How-
ever " reasonable" the above proposition may appear
to some parties, it would be utterly inconsistent on
the part of the British government to make any such
concession as that which the advocates of the free-trade
principle suggest. This country has been engaged for
a great many years in entering into treaties and con-
ventions for the suppression of the slave-trade. In
furtherance of this humane enterprise we have formed
settlements on the coast of Africa, which have proved
the graves of thousands of our countrymen, and have
expended millions in maintaining a fleet of cruisers, on
board of which thousands of our bravest sailors have
fallen a sacrifice in the cause of philanthropy. After
all this expenditure of money and loss of life, in the en-
deavour to put down slavery and the slave-trade, it
would certainly be highly inconsistent to permit slave-
grown produce to be imported and brought into the Bri-
tish market for consumption. In the emphatic language
of the Royal Gazette, " it is easy to conceive the opi-
nion that would be formed of a Government and people
that would liberate their own slaves at a cost of twenty
millions of pounds sterling—who have spent so much
treasure, and sacrificed so many brave and valuable
lives, and laboured for so many years to suppress the
slave-trade—it is easy to conceive the opinion that
would be formed of a Government and a people who,
under these circumstances, could permit sugar and cof-
fee to be carried from an island, notoriously known to
be engaged in that accursed traffic, and which sugar
and coffee are grown by slave-labour, to the British
markets for British consumption." If it be wrong to
carry on the infamous trade of man-stealing—a crime
so emphatically denounced in the Holy Scriptures ; if

it be sinful for a man to hold his fellow-man in a cruel
and degrading bondage ; how can it be otherwise than
improper to receive from the slave-traders and slave-
holders the produce which results from that trade.
This would be neither more nor less than offering a
bonus upon the continuance of the slave-trade and
slavery. If we should, unfortunately, so stultify our-
selves as to afford any such encouragement to this abo-
minable traffic, we should deserve to be denounced as
a nation of the most consummate hypocrites that ever
sacrificed the interests of humanity at the foul shrine
of Mammon.

Of course, the remarks which we have just offered
on this subject have no reference to Hayti, or, we be-
lieve, to Columbia, as far as slavery is concerned.
Hayti stands in a far different position from Puerto
Rico, Cuba, and Brazil. In Hayti there is no such

thing as slavery, and, as far as that island is con-
cerned, there would be no inconsistency on the part of
the British Government in removing the existing re-
strictions on the importation of its produce for home
consumption. Indeed, we almost feel disposed to ad-
vocate the propriety of admitting the produce of St.
Domingo on the same conditions as that of our own
Colonies, by way of inducing Foreign nations to recog-
nize the policy, as well as the propriety, of resorting to
a speedy emancipation of their slaves.
Independently, however, of the inconsistency of ad-
mitting slave-grown produce on the same terms as that
of our free Colonies, there is another consideration
which must be kept in view. It would be an act of
gross injustice to our own Colonies. This country re-
stricts the West India Colonies, not only in the scale
of sugar, but in the purchase of those articles which
our Colonies require. Our own Colonies are compelled
to take our manufactured produce in exchange for their
own commodities. Can we enforce such a restriction
on Foreign Colonies ? How can we expect to destroy
the monopoly which our own Colonies enjoy, so long
as we claim a monopoly in the supply of such manu-
facturers as they may find necessary ?
The truth is, that, under the present system, and
until labour is more abundant in the West Indies, we
cannot possibly compete with those Colonies in which
slavery exists. To prove this, we shall enter into a
comparison between the amount of produce raised in
Jamaica, under the system of free labour, and in Puerto
Rico, under a system of rigid slavery. The Island of
Jamaica, with a labouring population of 300,000 souls,
shipped in 1837, 56,233 hogsheads, 7,488 tierces, and
2,236 barrels of sugar; and 8,955,1781b5. of coffee.
the hogsheads at 1,8001b5.,
Taking the average of
the tierces at 1,2001b5., and the barrels at 2501b5., these
would give an aggregate of 110,764,0001b5. of sugar.
Puerto Rico, with a population of only 40,000 slaves,
shipped 100,000 hogsheads of sugar, of 1,500 lbs. each,
equal to 150,000,0001b5., or 39,236,0001b5. more than
Jamaica. Puerto Rico also shipped 100,000 bags of
coffee, of 1001bs. each, equal to 10,000,0001b5., or
1,044,8231b5. more than Jamaica. This took place
before the apprentices were finally liberated in Jamaica.
Since that period, as we showed in a recent number,
the exports from Jamaica have materially diminished.
How is it possible, under these circumstances, that the
British West India Colonies can compete with such
Colonies as Puerto Rico, if we admit the produce of the
latter for home consumption on the same terms as that
of the former ? Such a scheme is utterly impractica-
ble until slavery is universally abolished.

The Manchester Guardian of Saturday last contains
an article in reply to the remarks on the Corn Laws,
which appeared in the LIVERPOOL STANDARD Of
Friday last. Our contemporary, after his wonted fa-
shion, shirks the real merits of the question. '%\Te as-
serted that the aggregate price of the grain produced in
this country would be diminished to the extent of thirty.

three millions and a half by the repeal of the Corn
Laws. To this the Guardian replies—" Well, then, the
Corn Laws must now add thirty-three millions and a
half to the aggregate price of corn ; and, to the extent
to which the trading and manufacturing interests are
purchasers of this corn (say one half of the whole), they
have to pay this price over and above the amount they
would have to pay if there were no Corn Laws." This
is certainly a bold assumption ; but will it bear the test
of examination ? We think not. So long as the thirty-
three millions and a half are spent upon the manufac-
tures of the country they add, not to the price of the
corn, but to the capital of the manufacturer and the
wages of the operative. The repeal of the Corn Laws,
and the consequent reduction in the aggregate price of
grain, owing to foreign competition, would cause a cor-
responding reduction in the rate of wages and in the
profits of capital. Protection adds no more to the price
of corn than it does to the prices of manufactures. If
Foreign manufactured fabrics were introduced into this
country free of duty, the aggregate price of British ma-
nufactured goods would be very materially diminished
—probably in the same proportion nearly that the
aggregate price of corn would be diminished, in the
event of a repeal of the Corn Laws : but it would be
absurd to say that the duties now existing on the im-
portation of Foreign manufacturers adds anything to
the price of British manufactures.
The buardian says that the manufacturers and
trades are " compelled by the corn-laws to pay
£16,750,000 more for their bread than it would cost
under a system of free trade." How much are the
agriculturists now compelled to pay more for the ma-
nufactured goods which they consume than they
would have to pay under a system of free trade ? The
home consumption of manufactures is estimated at
£218,126,115. Of this amount those connected with
agriculture may be fairly said to consume about two-
thirds—say £140,000,000. Under a system of free
trade, Foreign manufactures might be obtained at least

33 per cent cheaper than they can be sold by British
manufacturers. This would be a saving of X 47,000,000
to the agricultural interest. But can it be fairly said
that the "agricultural interests are compelled by the
existing duties on Foreign manufactures to pay
f 47,000,000 more than the manufactures which they
want would cost under a system of free trade ?" This,
to our apprehension, is precisely the argument which
the Guardian brings forward against the corn-laws.
We do not admit its force in the one case any more
than we do in the other.

We showed, on Friday, that the probable reduction
on the whole agricultural produce of the country, un-
der a system of free trade in corn, would amount
to about £135,000,000. The farmer against this
would hare a set-off of 25 millions, or thereabouts, in
rent : but there would still remain £110,000,000 to be
reduced on labour and expenses incidental to agricul-

tural business. Supposing these £135,000,000, now
spent and circulated in Great Britain, to be entirely
cut off—how much would be lost to the manufacturer?
Both rich and poor would still require the same amount
of food as before. Where must retrenchment come
from ? Will it not be from spending less in manufac-
tures ? To use the language of an eminent statist,

" How would the manufacturer make up for the loss
of his home customer ? He tells us that he is beaten
by 40 or 50 per cent. by the foreigner. Taking the
earnings of every operative at los. per week, the sum
paid for manual labour in manufactures is nearly
£130,000,000; upon that a reduction may be sup-
posed to take place equal in extent to the reduc-
tion of the price of corn. Allowing half this
sum paid for labour to be required by the ope-
rative for the purchase of bread and flour, the
amount of such saving, at twenty-five per cent.
would be £16,250,000. Now, how is this reduction
to compete with the 40 or 50 per cent. by which the
manufacturer says he is beaten ? Supposing that out
of £135,000,000 of decrease upon the value of agri-
cultural produce, added to 25 millions less rent to the
landlord, altogether £160,000,000, 100 millions went
immediately to the manufacturer. Where is the sale
for his goods to be found? He has enabled himself
to reduce the price of his goods six per cent. and a
decimal. Oh, says the manufacturer, the foreigner
will take our goods in exchange for his own. What !
when the foreigner can buy articles to wear 34 per cent.
cheaper in his own country ?"
A correspondent, in the Manchester Guardian of
Wednesday, has also animadverted upon our article of
Friday last. His whole argument, however, proceeds
on the assumption "that a greatly increased export of
our manufactured goods would greatly increase the
consumption of agricultural produce," of course ex-
cluding grain. He appears to have entirely overlooked
the remark which we made "that the price of grain
regulates the prices of other articles of agricultural
produce." If this be the case, and it is generally
acknowledged to be so, how is the farmer to benefit
from an increased consumption of those " other
articles"—those articles being much less profitable than
grain: If, after the repeal of the corn laws it would
not pay the farmers to cultivate grain, of what advan-
tage would it be to raise a greater quantity of less
profitable produce ?

We rejoice to find that the " thunderbolts" of the
Times are, at length, hurled at that impious and blas-
phemous print, the Weekly Dispatch. That vile, de-
graded, and atheistical print has laboured with inces-
sant assiduity in preparing the minds of the.lower
classes for the reception of the disgusting and filthy
doctrines of Socialism. For many years past the
Weekly Dispatch has contained a series of virulent
and blasphemous letters from the pen of a wretched
atheist, named Williams, we believe, under the assumed
signature of " Publicola." These letters, owing to the
enormous circulation of the paper, have had a most
alarming effect upon the minds of the working classes.
This is but too evident from the recent spread of So-
cialism. The Times is entitled to the thanks of the
whole community for its endeavours to crush the
venomous reptile " Publicola." The " thunderer"
rarely darts his bolts without effect. We hope they
will, in this instance, prove as lethiferous in their aim
as they have usually done. We call upon all our
readers to co-operate in the endeavour to banish the
Weekly Dispatch from every circle of society. It is a
scandal to the nation that such an abominable publi-
cation should be permitted to exist.

The atrocious language in which the Radical press
of this country has recently indulged towards the
Duke of Wellington, and that at a period when he was
lying on a sick bed, cannot fail to excite feelings of the
strongest indignation and disgust in every well-regu-
lated mind. But it has been reserved to the special
organ of O'Connell--that " base, bloody, and brutal
ruffian—to outdo the vilest of the English Radical
prints, in its foul and truculent abuse of the illustrious
hero. In this respect, the last number of the Dublin
Pilot " bangs Banagher" hollow. It is thus that this
scurrilous print dwells upon the Duke's illness, in an
article which is impudently and mendaciously headed
" The Rebel" :—" The Iron Duke was the last prop of
a tottering faction ; but the iron rusts, and adamant
becomes earth. That light already flickers which
dazzled and deluded the unreflecting multitude. The
blood with which the great blood-letter cemented the
edifice of tyranny and corruption loses its adhesive
quality with his decay, and the last scene of the
tragedy of Toryism appears about to close with the
approaching fall of its hero." Such is the language
which emanates from the special organ of O'Connell.
What Englishman is there that does not involun-
tarily exclaim " Out upon the wretched assassin
who thus gloats over the anticipated end of the saviour
of his country ?" But this is not the worst specimen
of the Pilot's heartless blackguardism. It proceeds to
make the Duke's late illness the subject of vulgar jest-
ing. The following can hardly have been framed by
any other than O'Connell himself—the verisimilitude
of style is so great :—" Our readers are already aware
that the Duke of Wellington got a second attack within
a few days. The first, according to the Tory journals,
was the ' hunt' and the ' crust' attack ; the second the
attack of ' indigestion;' the one from eating too little,
the other from eating much; but both indicative, in
our minds, of the Duke's having been twice attacked
with a complaint of which few hal:e,
"Tory faction," i
everr survived the
third." Again, speaking of the
says,—" The Duke was its last t
trump not o lose
the game against the people, the fa
eiti
List ands
endeavoured
to play their knave against our Queen." Again, refer-
ring to the words "old rebel," it says,—" Whether

the ' first personage' did really call the Duke an old
rebel, we know not ; but if her Majesty did, she only
called things by their proper names."

Comment upon such language is unnecessary. We
leave it to the indignant scorn of Englishmen.

"No Popery" for ever In common with most of
our brethren of the Conservative press, we have long
made this our rallying cry; whilst the Clergy of the
Established Church have been indefatigable in spread-
ing the echo far and wide, through the length and
breadth of the land. But little did we ever expect
that the Dissenters, who have so long been sworn
allies of the Papists, would ever join in chorus. Such
is, however, the case. Placards have been plentifully
spread over the walls of this town, within this last
week, headed, in conspicuous type, with the ominous
words, "No Popery. !" Great was our astonishment
when we found that the placard thus headed announced
that a lecture on the subject of " No Popery" is to be
delivered, on Tuesday evening next, in the Crescent
Chapel, by the Rev. Andrew Marshall, A.M., of
Kirkintilloch, Glasgow. This is, certainly, a novel
sign of the times. We shall be curious to know how
the subject will be handled, and shall be glad if we can
cordially hail our dissenting brethren as allies in the
" No Popery" agitation.

It is to be regretted, that the principal charity, the Liver-
pool Infirmary, with a deficiency of income for the past year,
1839, of nearly £2,000, should only have a ninth part of the
sum granted by the Corporation, and to be raised, in aid of
the charities. Perhaps the committee of the forthcoming
Fancy Ball will take into consideration the depressed state of
the funds of this charity.
COUNTY VOTERS.—By the list just delivered in by the
clerks of the peace to the sheriff of the county, it appears that
the number of voters for this county is as follows :—For the
northern division, 9,648 ; and for the southern division,
18,148.—Preston Pilot.
NEW MAGISYRATES.—On Monday last, John Hall, Esq.,
of Port-street, Manchester ; and, on Tuesday, Joseph Acton,
Esq., of Wigan, and John Green, Esq., M.D., of Newton-
in-the-Willows, appeared at the Salford Hundred sessions,
now holding at the New Bailey, took the oaths and qualified
as magistrates for the county of Lancaster.—Manchester
Guardian.

COUNTY LUNATIC ASYLUXI.--APPOINTMENTS YESTER-
DAY.—There was a very numerous meeting of county ma-
gistrates yesterday at the Court-house, Preston, for the pur-
pose of appointing a superintendent of the County Lunatic
Asylum, at Lancaster. Thomas Batty Addison, Esq., chair-
man of the Preston quarter sessions, presided ; and there
were a hundred and one magistrates present. For the situa-
tion of superintendent, there were six candidates, of whom
the three having the greatest number of votes were Mr.
Samuel Gaskell, house apothecary at the Manchester Royal
Infirmary, for whom were given 51 votes ; Mr. Rowley, 24 ;
and Mr.Liporte, 10. Mr. Gaskell was accordingly declared
duly elected.—For the office of physician to the same institu-
tion there were, we believe, three candidates. Dr. De Vitre,
of Lancaster, had 43 votes, and Dr. Johnson, (we believe of
the same place) had 25. Dr. De Vitre was therefore duly
elected.—Manchester Guardian of Wednesday.

ELECTION OF AUDITORS AND ASSESSORS.—The annual
election of auditors of the borough, of assessors to hold the
court for revising the burgess lists with the mayor by the
burgesses, and of assessors for each of the wards by the bur-
gesses of them respectively, takes place on Monday next.
The advertisement describes the polling places.
LIVERPOOL AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.—The frost, which
has prevailed for some days, has rendered the land in Stand-
park unfit for the purposes of the ploughing match, which
was announced to take place yesterday (Thursday.) It has
been consequently postponed sine die, but due notice will be
given by Mr. Ledger when it will "come off."
The Rev. Joseph Birchall, M.A., has been instituted by
the Lord Bishop of Chester to the living of Churchkirk, in
this county, vacant by the death of the Rev. Richard Noble.
This is one of the livings connected with Brasenose College,
Oxford, to which the Hulmean Trustees present one who is,
or has been, an exhibitioner on that foundation, and whose
testimonials appear to them most satisfactory.
THE " GEORGE THE FOURTH."—It will be in the recol-
lection of our readers that a steam-ship of this name was
converted into a sailing vessel, and most successfully, under
the superintendence of Mr. R. Talbot, shipbuilder, who has
since also reconstructed the " Cumberland" in the same
manner. Both ships have turned out to be " clippers."
The " George the Fourth," Capt. Brownless, has made a
voyage to Sydney, and thence to Rio de la Plata and home,
in rapid style, beating, in her homeward passage, no fewer
than four of the crack ships of this port, by from 10 to
21 days. She is of extraordinary beam, and will carry any
weight of canvas. She is, we learn, the private property of
Mr. Pinn, of the St. George's Steam Packet Company.
She sails this day, we learn, for New Zealand, with a valua-
ble cargo.

MYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCE OF MR. CHAS. SCHOLE-
FIELD, OF EVERY-STREET, MANCHESTER.—Uri Monday,
the 10th inst., Mr. Charles Scholefield, builder, of 56, Every-
street, left his home and has not since been heard of. The
last intelligence that his family have of him is, that he was
seen about half-past nine o'clock in the evening of the 10th
inst., in conversation with two men near the Touchet's Arms
in Pollard-street. He had on him four £5 Bank of Eng-
land notes, besides some sovereigns and silver. The family
have issued an advertisement stating that they have reason
to fear he has been robbed and murdered ; and they have
offered a reward of £5O on conviction of the offender. Seve-
ral reports have been in circulation respecting him, one,
about ten days ago was, that a body, supposed to be his, had
been found in the Gorton reservoir with the throat cut, but
that report, we stated at the time, had no foundation.
Within the last few days it has been rumoured that a person
answering his description had left the town per t ailway ; but
we believe this rumour is also without foundation, and that
no tidings of him whatever have yet been heard.—Manches-
ter Guardian.

BLITE-CQAT BROTHERLY SOCIETY.—The annual dinner
of this society was held at Mr. Lawton's, the Rainbow
Hotel, on Tuesday evening last—Mr. Forster, the master of
the Blue-coat Hospital, in the chair. He was supported by
Anthony Swainson, Edward Moon, and James Aspinall,
Esqrs., on his right ; and by Joseph Langton, Edward G.
Deane, and Thomas Langsdale, Esqrs., on his left. About
fifty members of the society sat down to a sumptuous dinner,
prepared in Mr. Lawton's best style. After " Non nobis
Dornine," by Mr. Holden, Mr. Andrews, Mr. G. Holden,
Mr. Taylor, and others, the chairman proposed " the health
of her most gracious Majesty the Queen, and her royal con-
sort Prince Albert,"—" the Queen Dowager, and the rest of
the Royal Family,—" the Church,"—" the Blue-coat
Brotherly Society, and prosperity to it." One of the mem-
bers made some interesting statements respecting the society,
and the good it had already done, and was likely to effect.
" The immortal memory of the pious Founders of the Blue-
coat Hospital." Mr. Langton responded to this toast in a
most appropriate and feeling manner, concluding with a hizh
eulogium on the merits and services of Mr. Forster, and
proposed his health. " Anthony Swainson, Esq., trea-
surer,"—song, " The fine Old English Gentleman." " The
present Trustees of the Blue-coat Hospital." A very beauti-
ful and affecting address to the trustees was read by one of
the members. which we regret we have not space to insert at
present. The toast was acknowledged by Mr. Aspinal in his
usual warm-hearted benevolent manner, who was most rap-
turously cheered. He proposed the health of Mrs. Forster,
whose merits, he said, were too well known to the company
to require any panegyric from him. The health of " Mr.
Gray, the treasurer of the society," and of " Mr. Irwin, the
secretary," were given, and responded to by these gentlemen.
" Thanks to Mr. Holden and his musical friends"—after
which the meeting began to separate. Deep regret was ex-
pressed at the cause of the absence of the rectors, who, it
was understood, would both have been present, had they not
been prevented by sickness and family affliction. Several of
the trustees of the Blue-coat Hospital were also prevented
attending, who had expressed their intention of participating
in the festivities of the evening.
GRAND MISCELLANEOTTS CONCERT AT THE THEATRE
ROYAL.—The concert which took place on Tuesday night
was in aid of the fund now accumulating to raise a sum of
£2,000 for the Dispensaries, Infirmary, and Northern Hos-
pital in this town, to be added to £l,OOO, which will, in case
that sum accrues, be given by the Town-council. The profits
arising from this concert we fear will prove but small, unless,
indeed, more tickets were purchased than were represented
in the theatre. The boxes were but thin, the pit almost
empty, and the upper boxes contained only a sprinkling. The
contrast which the house presented against its appearance at
the last concert was very deplorable. The selections were
principally of a light and agreeable cast, and a slight addition
was made to the scheme, through the kindness of Signor
Giulio Regondi, who offered his services gratis to perform a
duet in conjunction with Mr. Lidel. The opening piece was
Beethoven's fine overture to Fidelio, Mr. Hermann, the
talented leader, has succeeded in getting his band into an
excellent state of discipline. They executed this beautiful
composition with great precision and effect. Once, indeed,
some furious violonist got slightly out of time, but he was
quickly brought into order, and the piece was finished ex-
quisitely. The opening glee, " Sleep, gentle lady," was
sung very pleasingly by Miss Hawes, Mr. Dodd. Mr. Stret-
ton, and a gentleman whose name is left blank. Calcott's
scene, " All worldly shapes," &c., was given by Mr. Stret-
ton, in a style that called forth deserved applause. Miss
Hawes sung a very delightful ballad of her own composition,
entitled " I'll speak to thee—l'll love thee too," accom-
panying herself on the pianoforte. The fine voice of this
lady was in excellent order, and she acquitted herself through-
nut the evening admirably. No performance throughout the
evening gave greater satisfaction than Miss Christiana
Weller's fantasia on the pianoforte. • She commenced by de-
lighting the auditory by her neat and skilful execution, and
concluded by astonishing them by her rapidity and precision.
Miss Whitnall sung Donizetti's aria, Ecco it pegno ch'io le
porsi ! with cold correctness. The fault of this performance
was its want of expression. Several very sweet English
ballads were well given, in the second part, by Miss Hawes,
Miss Whitnall, and Mr. Dodd ; and the duet above alluded
to was finely executed by Signor Giulio Regondi and Mr.
Lidel, and that old favourite " Vadasi via di qua"
•r
was
sung with proper liveliness and humour by Miss Halve-,, m •
Stretton, and Mr. Dodd.

LIVER THEATRE.—This elegant little theatre has been
well filled during the week, the attraction being the perform-
ances of Mr. T. D. Rice, in the " Love Pledge; and a
farce, entitled the " Sarcophagus:" the latter piece admira-
bly calculated to display the peculiar talents of Lord Mont-
eagle's American relative. The Highland Fling of Madlle.
Chevallier has been encored nightly, and is a most graceful
performance of one of our mostxicturesque dances. jack
Shephard" still continues to be favourably received, and
draws well at half-price.

MASTRIt BASSLE'S AINEMON CAL CON. VERZ ATIONEs._
Yesterday Master Bassle gave tn. most interesting conver-
*
atln
0 es in the Medical-hall, Mount-pleasant. The first
2tookplace at noon, and the oth3r in the evening, and both
gave unbounded satisfaction to the auditory. Few things
are more captivating and desirahe than a good memory ; cer-
tainly no faculty is more useful and whatever therefore en-
larges its powers, may be,a!ssignal a place amongst the most
useful inventions of mankind. The fluent and rapid articu-
lations of Master Bassle, irt tht first instance, appear to be
the result of a system of rote ; but when difficult questions
were proposed to him in perplexing succession, and on all
manner of subjects his ready and correct replies, convinced
the hearer that there is somthing more in the art. We
should say, from what we sawsud heard, that it is decidedly
calculated to enable a person to become a walking encyclo-
ptedite ; but, of course, not witout great and laborious efforts.
In chronology and the kindrd sciences it must be exceed-
ingly useful. Owing to our tine and space being limited, we
are not in a condition to desribe the most interesting fea-
tures of these two converzaiones : suffice it, therefore, to
say, that Master Bassle proud that he has fairly earned the
well-merited praises which live been bestowed upon him by
the principal metropolitan ind provincial journals. Nye
understand that two more onverzationes will be given in
the same place next Friday.

THE " PRESIDENT" STEAM-SHIP.

This vessel, the largest of " the steam fleet" of England
(it we may be allowed to coin a new expression out of the
" metal" of our country), arrived here, as our readers have
already been informed, a few days ago, and is now at anchor
in the Sloyne, awaiting the reception of her engines, and her
general fittings, as a first class-transatlantic steam-ship.
We have before noticed " The British Queen," " The
Liverpool," and last, though not least, the sturdy, the in-
flexible, the gallant `°Royal William," a comparatively
small boat, which showed her ocean powers to such advan-
tage, that she is still looked to as a first-rate model as a sea-
going steamer.
We have ever taken a peculiar interest in the commercial
prosperity of " the good old town ;" and we believe that we
speak the general sentiments of the public when we state
that in point of maritime enterprise our town has never been
excelled. During a long course of years, Bristol took the iead
in ocean steam navigation, from the western coast of England.
Liverpool was then a comparatively insignificant port. By
the enterprise of her merchants, who adventured their capi-
tal to every quarter of the world, and more particularly to
Africa, to both of the Indies, and to South America, she became,
from a mere fishing village, in a very few years, the second
port idthe British empire. London being the seat of govern-
ment, and consequently the nucleus of foreign commerce and
exchange, was, and still is. to a slight degree pre-eminent ;
otherwise Liverpool would be the
,first in the world in com-
mercial importance, so far as regards the value of import and
export cargoes :—in the consequent duties of customs and
excise she is now nearly equal to her southern metropolitan
contemporary. In steam navigation, it must be admitted,
that the Bristol people have made a decided " hit" in " The
Great Western." They took the right plan, that of bringing
out a vessel of large and sufficient tonnage, bearings, and
accommodation to secure safety and comfort to passengers,
and, at the same time to ensure, in ordinary winds, a speedier
voyage to the transatlantic passenger than could be expected
by the first-rate sailing vessels, splendid as are their size and
equipments.
As we -have alluded to other ports in our " tight little
island," besides our own of the Mersey, we feel peculiar
pleasure in stating, that " The President" furnishes an ex-
emplification of the feeling that now happily pervades the
whole of the British community. The generous rivalry of
Bristol, in ocean steam navigation, is hailed imour own port,
and the competition of London, and of London capital, is
here equally looked upon as a demonstration of that mutual
feeling of enterprise which characterises our country. We
feel assured that such is the disposition for " fair play," and
particularly in maratime enterprise,—that every county in
the United Kingdom, having a sea-coast, will forward, with-
out the slightest feeling of jealousy, whatever may be pro-
duced, whether in the " ploughing" of the earth or the sea,
that may be conclusive to the increased happiness and comfort
of mankind.
The writer of this, it may appear, has wandered into a long
preamble in introducing a necessarily brief account of the
steam-ship " President." It may be stated, however, in ex-
tenuation of the offence, that though not built in Liverpool,
the " President" will hail from this port, and that our me-
tropolitan friends who happen to be of the company of pro-
prietors, have wisely advised that she should here be provided
with engines, the experience of the makers being second to
none.

The " President," under the command of Captain Kean,
and now lying in the Sloyne, is the largest steam-ship ever
yet built for ocean or other navigation. She is of exceed-
ingly beautiful model ; built of the best materials that Eng-
land and England's wealth can supply, and is in every respect
a noble vessel. She is now, (her engines not being vet on
board), what is, in nautical term, called "light;" and loonies
very large. Her proportions are, however, such that but for
the comparative size of the Queen's mail ships near her, she
is so compact that she does not appear at even a short dis-
tance to be larger than the " Liverpool!' A nearer approach,
however, undeceives the beholder, and a visit on board realizes
to its fullest extent, the conception of " a wooden world."
Through the politeness of Captain Kean, our " nautical "
reporter had yesterday an apportunity of inspecting " The
President" throughout. He was accompanied by Mr.
French, the intelligent carpenter of the ship, who was em-
ployed in building, and who could consequently appreciate
the pains and expenditure bestowed in the construction of
the ship, and the peculiar improvements and advantages
introduced.

Before noticing the interior of the vessel, we may state
that her appearance on the water is magnificent, not only
from her bulk, but from her fine proportions and her rigging.
She is painted in man-of-war style, with gun ports, and is
handsomely rigged as a three-masted schooner, with a fore-
mast, foretopmast, and topgallantmast, approximating to
those of a ship. Her bow is fine, and at the extremity of
her head-rails will be placed, when completed, as a figure-
head, a bust of Washington, the hero of American inde-
pendence. Her stern is projective ; beautifully formed to

turn off aheavy sea; ornamented aloft with the arms of Eng-
land and America, quartered in an heraldic shield, supported
by " the Lion of England," and " the Eagle of America."
The paddle-boxes of the " President" are comparatively very
slightly raised above her bulwarks ; and her general appear-
ance is, when her side is viewed, that of a first-class frigate
of extraordinary size, her light rigging giving her at the same
time a most rakish and mischievous appearance.
We now supply from the most authentic source the several
dimensions and capacity of this great steam Leviathan :

Length over all, from taffrail to figure head
Beam within the paddle-boxes
Breadth from outside of paddle-boxes
Depth of hold
Height between the main and spar deck
Height between lower and main deck (both flash)
Tonnage (supposed), 2500.
Those who are versed in maritime affairs will readily con-
ceive from these dimensions that we were warranted in stating
that " The President" is in reality " a wooden world." She
is, indeed, more—she is a world not only of wood but of
iron, copper, and other materials, constituting the ne plus
ultra of strength in naval architecture.

Ft. In.
273 0
41 0
72 4
30 0
8 6

7 8

The " President" was built at Lim ehouse, London, by
Messrs. Curling and Carter, the latter gentleman superin-
tending her construction throughout. Between decks and in
her holds she presents a perfect picture of strength ; and we
cannot more highly compliment our metropolitan friends and
contemporaries in Transatlantic Steam Navigation, than by
stating that they seem in materials, in fastenings, and in put-
ting together, to have taken a leaf out of the book of our
townsmen Messrs. Wilson and Co., whose vessels both in
point of strength and sailing have hitherto borne the bell.
Every available modern improvement has been taken ad-
vantage of in the construction of "The President." In ad-
dition to a remarkably strong frame, solid to the bilge, she
is diagonally fastened fore and aft with iron and wood, in a
manner that would seem to defy the rudest assaults of the
ocean wave. We have not time to enter into details. Suf-
fice it to say, that the materials of "The President" through-
out are of the best quality, and that the utmost science, in a
scientific age, has been exerted to work them up to the best
advantage.

The engines for this vessel will, we learn, be of about 600
horse power. They are already built, by our townsmen
Messrs. Fawcett and Co., and present a splendid specimen
of the ingenuity and enterprise of the age. These we shall
take an early opportunity of noticing.
" The President" will present peculiar advantages for
passengers. Her spar-deck will afford a long and delightfuj
promenade in fine weather, and during rain or storms a dry
and sheltered walk may be enjoyed below.
The cabins are not yet fitted up. The principal or stern
saloon will be eighty-seven feet in length ' - its breadth (in-
cluding the small state-rooms on each side) forty-one feet.
No expense has been spared to render " the President" a
crack ship. In strength of materials and fidelity of work-
inanship she is fully equal to any of her Majesty's ships of
war ; and she is fitted up with all the modern improvements
in pumps, tanks, &c. She is also divided into sections, so
that the springing of a leak (should such take place) would
be attended with comparatively trifling danger. It is
calculated that " The President', will carry 1000 tons of
goods beyond her compliment of coals, luggage, and materials
for a trans-Atlantic voyage. Her steering tackle is of a
novel and improved construction ; and such was required ;
for, from her length and size, she may be deemed a floating
island.

The agents of the " President" at this port, are—Mr. Pim,
of the St. George's Steam-Packet Company, and Mr. Laird,
of North Birkenhead, the celebrated builder of iron ships.
We have heard it stated (but we cannot vouch for the au-
thenticity of the report), that the " President" will, when
equipped, be placed under the command of Captain Fayrer,
late of the " Liverpool," and that Captain Kean, who does
not profess to have the same experience in ocean steam navi-
gation, will act as second Captain. We shall be much grati-
fied to find that one or other, or rather both of these gentlemen
are appointed to the charge of " The President." That charge
is sufficient in its magnitude and anxiety to occupy the full
attention of two chief and first-rate officers. Captain Kean
is an experienced and, (the highest compliment we can
pay) an " able seaman. He is, moreover, a gentleman
of pleasing manners and deportment. We can scarcely say
more of Captain Fayrer ; but we cannot avoid reminding our
readers that his long service at sea, in the British navy (me-
mentos of which he bears in honourable wounds) and in our
mercantile marine, and, above all, his peculiar experience in
ocean steam navigation, have, together with his urbanity
of manners, rendered him a favourite on both sides the At-
lantic ; and that his accession to the command of " The
President" will be hailed with pleasure and satisfaction by
all who interest themselves in the friendly intercourse be-
tween this country and the United States of America.
We regret that we must postpone any further notice of
" The President" until a future oacasion. What we have
already stated will, we doubt not, be fully borne out by those
who will visit her when she is in dock to receive her engines.
As the President lies contiguous to Rock Ferry, the pas-
sengers on the boats belonging to that Company, have an
opportunity, in passing to and fro, of seeing that magnificent
vessel.

BACHELORS' BALL.—The Bachelors' Bali was held last
one we
night, in the Wellington-rooms,-spslebaaslal,uta.nd
As
announced on Tuesday, it
a most magnificent character too. About 480 were present.
Weippert's band was in attendance. The company began to
arrive about nine o'clock, and soon afterwards dancing com-
menced, and continued till an early hour this morning. The
rooms were most elegantly decorated for the occasion.
ACCIDENT.—As Lieut.-Colonel Neilson was riding down
Brunswick-street, yesterday, he was thrown from his horse,
and we regret to add has fractured his leg ; -we have not
learned the particulars, but we have heard that it was owing
to a female crossing the street suddenly, and on the horse
being instantly checked, it reared and fell backwards.
AWFULLY SUDDEN DEATH.---On Wednesdly evening
last, as Thomas Freme, Esq., father of W. P. Freme, Esq.,
of the Common Council, was in attendance at the vestry of
the Baptist Chapel in Byrom-street, at a meeting held for
discussing some business connected with the congregation,
he complained that he felt very unwell, and ordered a car to
be sent for. While pacing the vestry, waiting for the car,
he suddenly dropped down, and instantly expired. We be-
lieve the cause of his death was ossification of the heart.
Flow true is it that " in the midst of life we are in death !"
THE OLD ENGLAND.—We perceive that the proprietors
of this truly excellent Conservative journal have announced
their intention to present their readers, to-morrow, with a
beautiful portrait of Prince Albert, admirably adapted for
framing. This portarit is said to be the best likeness of his
Royal Highness yet published. As few of the portraits
which have hitherto appeared are worth placing in a frame,
we have no doubt that many of our readers will avail them-
selves of the present opportunity for obtaining so valuable a
representation of her Majesty's chosen partner.

GREAT WATERLOO COURSING MEETING.—The coursing
at Altcar is fixed for Wednesday and Thursday next. No
less than £BOO will be contended for.

THE CATHOLIC CHARITY BALL.—The annual ball in aid
of the funds of the Female Orphan House, and other Catho-
lic charities, in this town, took place on Monday evening, in
the Town-hall, and was attended by a numerous and fashion-
able company.

LICENSED VICTUALLERS.—The annual ball of this so-
ciety, the proceeds of which will be applied towards the in-
crease of the fund for providing a school for the children and
an asylum for the decayed members of the trade, will take
place on Tuesday next.—See Adn.
By the substitution of the word persons for passengers! in
most of the published accounts as to the number of lives
saved from the William Huskisson steamer, by the Hudders-
field, the number has been stated at less than was really the
case. There were 93 passengers and 21 of the crew, making
a total of 114 lives.

DIOCESAN CHURCH BUILDING SOCIETY.—The annual
meeting of this society will be held this morning, (Friday,)
in the Blue Coat School. The senior Rector of Liverpool,
the Rev. Jonathan Brooks, will occupy the chair.

;44• g
,„. •
• --•
;3A
!r!
.• ice'- r
4 , • 'l'
