BAZAAR FOR. ST. SAVIOUR'S CHURCH.

We are scarcely permitted to issue a-single publication
withoUt affording a fresh proof of the attachment of the
people to our glorious Church Establishment, and the scrip-'
tural system of religious worship and instruction which she
maintains. Every opportunity of evincing that attachment
is readily embraced ; and we hope we may now congratulate
the trustees of St. Saviour's Church, that they have a fair
prospect of seeing that edifice erected without being subject
to any considerable pecuniary responsibility. The Bazaar
in aid of the funds was held on Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Thursday last, and on each day was very numerously and
fashionably attended. We are sorry our crowded space will
only permit us to give the following
The stalls, to the number of ten, were presided' over.
Mrs. Crawford, MrS. Stokes; Mrs. Ashton, Mrs. Leather,
Mrs. P. F. Curry; • Mrs. Lowe, Mrs., Hodgkinsou„ Mrs.
Alston, Mrs. Dutchman,
Miss Simmons, the secretary to.
'the corinittee, and several other elegantly-attired females,
who appeared to vie With each other in their efforts to pro-
mote the laudable objects. of the Bazaar, and practically to.
second the simple appeal in the following lines, which were
composed by a lady expressly for the occasion :
Hither, stranger, turn thy gaze.
'Tis the, Queen of Beauty prays ;
Here she cloth not take her stand
With the laurel in her hand ;
Here she bears no victor prize,
Claims no knightly courtesies, -
Praise and homage doth not want,
But, a modest suppliant,
Craves your kindly charity,
Presses you to come and buy.
•
Would that she could image forth
God's enduring church on earth,
That bright Queen of Beauty, sent,
• 'Midst the world's wild tournament,
Not to crown the victor's brow—
Holier hands his boon bestow ;
Not to claim the adoring love—
That belongs to him above ;
But her champion friends to cheer,
With a hope defined and clear ;
But to make their hearts rejoice
At her true unvarying voice. . •
Ye, who love her teachings, conar -
Help to raise another dome, '
Where truth's record shall be found, •
And the song of praise resound:
Ye, who mark her struggles, stay,
Help her on her pilgrim's way :
Ye, who in her courts have felt
All your heart within you melt,
llither come in liberal mood;
Filled with glowing gratitude.
Come, and help us in our task;
Prayers, as-well as aid, we ask;
Join with us in sweet accord,
To rear a temple to the Lord :
All your efforts should you bring,
To perform ,so good a thing ;
And this clay one way may try :
Come and help us—come and buy
Contributions were, forwarded by Mrs. Hugh Hornby,
Mrs. Sewell, Mrs. Wordsworth, the Misses Molyneux, Mrs.
Dugdale, Miss Littledale, &c.
Donations were received from the Queen Dowager, Lady
Ann 'Wilbraham, Mrs. Campbell, Mrs. Sherbourne, &c.
The following letter accompanied the donatiOn from her
Majesty Queen Adelaide .
" Marlborough House, Jan. 7th, 1840.

" Lord Howe presents his compliments to the directors
of the Bazaar held for the benefit of the building of St.
Saviour's Church, Liverpool. He is commanded by the
Queen Dowager to transmit the enclosed note of £lO, as
her contribution to that undertaking ; her Majesty regret-
ting that she has not had it in her power to send some work
of her own hand."
The proceeds of the sale and admissions during the three
days amounted to upwards of £6OO ; and, as the purposes
for which the Bazaar has been held are not accomplished, it
will be continued • on Miniday, Tuesday, and Wednesday
next, from eleven to five ; but the rooms will not be open in
the evening.

GLORIOUS CONSERVATIVE MEETING IN

SCOTLAND_WARD.

Yesterday evening the triumphant return of Richard
Houghton, Esq., as representative 'in the Common Council
for Scotland Ward, was celebrated by a dinner given to that
gentleman and his friends, at Mrs. Musker's Hotel, " The
Freemason's Arms," in Burlington-street.
The assemblage of friends of the good cause was more
numerous than was contemplated, and some difficulty arose
in the arrangements to accommodate the whole of , the
guests. The large room, was filled, as were a few minor
apartments. The dining-room was handsomely decorated
with flags, evergreens, flowers, &c. At the top was a flag
with a figure of Britannia, and suitable inscriptions. On the
other walls were numerous British ensigns, union jacks, and
other national flags. On one side we noticed a very beauti-
ful flag—(or rather a portion of a flag only—the room not
being sufficiently lofty to display it to advantage)—which had
been presented to the pilots of St. Paul's ward, on New Year's
Eve. It is painted by Mr. Edwards, of Prussia-street, in a
masterly manner, on silk, and in the several compartments are
emblematical designs having reference to our nautical town.
In the centre is an admirably drawn picture of a Pilot Boat.
The fabulous god of the ocean occupied another department.;.
a view of the Lighthouse at the Rock Point another, and va-
rious other designs were well depicted on the " silk." This
flag has a deep fringe of blue, and, we understand. cost about
60 guineas, subscribed by the conservatives of St. Paul's
Ward.

RICHARD TAYLOR, Esq. was called to preside on the oc-
,casion. On his right we obseried Mr. Isaac Holmes ; Mr.
Thomas Murray Gladstone; Mr. Robert Rigby; Mr. George
Wright, and Mr. Thomas Wright Watson. On his left were
Mr. Richard Houghton, the distinguished guest of the even-
ing ; Mr. Richilrd Jones': 'Mr. Robinso.n, (member for
'Great George's Ward,).and other, gentlemen ,whose names.
.''we did not ascertain. The Vice-Chair was ably occupied by
Mr. JaineVlYnuiiiiii.!.' . ' . -,. : ~. .
`-.) '-'The dinn.gr,:wts Axpelleut,, and sumptuous, and was served
WI ' s 'ells the dessert—in a manner highly creditable to the
• ties who provided. it. _ln addition to the usual substan-_
) '- of English farst:r44.4ase—Szass..abuudance -of grapes;
II:La
t ' lfges, apples, and other fruit of the first quality ; and the
Ft
.54 nes . werellighly•spoken..Of -by the lovers. of that classical
lxii'Crage. , -i ,
Mr. -Mei Stithlies•band was in attendance, and played
.r...
many favourite lattthappropriate airs during the evening, on
the toasts
.I;ei.ngigiy6p,,,. -.
d
' ' On the clop being Withdrawn, the CHAIRMAN said that
the first.tonst-was one which he felt assured every Conserva-
tive would drink 'with enthusiasm. He proposed the health
of her Mtljesty the Queen: (The toast was received with
three time's'three loud and enthusiastic cheers, all who were
present being upstanding.)
" God save the Queen" was played by the band, and the
conclusion was marked by three cheers. '
The CHAIRMAN said lie should now propose the health of
an amiable and illustrious lady, who possessed all those
graces and endoWments which adorn the-sex. . He proposed
" The Queen. Dowager."
The toast was responded to with the utmost enthusiasm,
the cheering being loud and'long.
" Here a health to allgood lasses."
The next toast proposed by the CHAIRMAN was that of
" The Great Duke," which was received with enthusiastic
and prolonged cheers, and clapping of hands.
The next health proposed from the chair was that of
" Lord‘Lyndhurst and the 'House of Peers," which created
a renewal of the cheering, and was followed by the playing of
" Hearts of Oak" by the band.
The CHAIRMAN then gave " Sir Robert Peel and the Con-
servative Members of the House of Commons," which was
followed by thundering applause.
4, The Members for the County, both north and south,"
was a toast hailed with equal spirit.
The CHAIRMAN then said that he doubted not but they
would do ample justice to the next toast—" Our glorious
Constitution in Church and-State." A gentleman well qua-
lified for the task would respond to the toast. (Loud cheers.)
. . Mr. ISAAC HOLAIES rose amidst prolonged cheering. He
said it had frequently been his province to address public
assemblies on the local affairs of the town, and he was now
called upon to advert to the constitution of the country. He
did not think that that constitution was so much in danger,

even from the recent seditious movements of certain parties,
as from the ministers themselves—the vipers who sur-
rounded the throne—a ministry the most weak, the most
corrupt, the most wicked that had ever yet gained ascen-
dancy in the government of this country. They could
not be called a whit; administration. Even the son of Lord
Grey and others of rank amongst the nobility had deserted
them, and they had, in fact, become the slaves of a beggar—
subservient to his beck, and ready at all times to do his bid-
ding. What had they done for this country ? Let its con-
dition testify. What had they done abroad ? Let them but
look to Spain, the plains of which they, by their policy, had
• crimsoned with blood, spreading destruction and desolation
throughout a once powerful, friendly, and independent state.'
The state of France and Portugal furnished equal testimonials
of their policy, which had shackled commerce and Spread
misery amongst mankind. It they looked to Russia, all
wcitild be replied to. They had suffered that country,. all
grasping as it was, 'to overrun and destroy Poland ; and had
put no efficient check upon her, though she threatened'even
to overrun our Indian possessions. Such, indeed, had been
the policy of the ministers, that this country was insulted in
the remotest quarters of the world. Canada they had all but
lost the West Indies was in nearly a similar state ; and,
coming nearer home, the state of Ireland was still more de-
plorable. What did they think of the agitator of that
country exclaiming, that he would die in the last ditch before
he would submit to the Duke of Wellington ! (Mr. Holmes
here quoted a passage from a poet, illustrative of the despe-
rate condition to which that country had ben reduced.)

Talk of slavery abroad, indeed ! The present incapable
administration were the veriest of slaves. They submitted to
be whipped and even to be scorned by a beggar. (Cheers.)
He deeply lamented that the Queen of England was,
through them, so placed that she knew not the danger that
surrounded her. But he trusted a brighter day would ere
long dawn, and that the present ministry would ere long
be thrust from the station which they so unworthily occu-
pied. (Cheers.) He trusted that at the first meeting of
parliament the influence of public opinion would show these
men that they could no longer sway the doctrines of this
great country. (Cheers.) 'W ith respect to this one ward.,
he rejoiced in the spirit evinced by the electors in making
choice bf Mr. Houghton. That gentleman had nobly stood
up for the interests of the ward and the town, and he,
(Mr. Holmes,) had on no one occasion differed from him in
his votes. It was a high proof of the estimation in which
that gentleman was held by them that they had returned
him to the council without his soliciting for a single vote.
(Cheers,) He had now to draw their attention to a gentler
man who was worthy of their confidence and support—Mr.
Murray. Gladstone. (Cheers.) The respectable borough
of Preston had thought proper to send that gentleman a
requisition to put himself in nomination for. that, town.
Mr. Gladstone had not yet given his final reply ; and
he (Mr: Holmes) entertained hopes that Mr. Gladstone
would remain among them, and would come forward
as a candidate, to represent one of the most important.
wards of the town, and in which he would doubtless
promote the best interests of the conservatives. (Cheers)
There were present three gentlemen who had succeeded in
wresting from the opposite party as many wards which they,
(the radicals,) had considered to be in no danger. They had
defeated them in St. Anne's Ward, and also in LiMe-street
Ward, in the latter of which the radical candidate had re-
ceived his note of dismissal. They had then ejected the doc-
tor, who, like a four-pronged fork, united the callings of
doctor, apothecary, surgeon, and druggist. (Cheers.) He
concluded by hoping that the conservatives would, on the
next election, nobly achieve that triumph of which they were
worthy, and eject the " radical" who might attempt to op-
pose them. (Cheers.)
The CHAIRMAN then said that he had to propose the health
of a gentleman whose return for the ward they had that day
met to celebrate. He (the Chairman) doubted not but that
gentleman would repay to the fullest extent, the confidence
which had been reposed in him. He proposed the health of
Richard Houghton, .Esq. The toast was received with loud
and continued applause.
Mr. HOUGHTON said he felt greatly obliged for the honour
Conferred by the toast, and the handsome manner in which it
had been conveyed. They had that day met to celebrate his
return for the ward ; but they had a much higher object in
view, and that was the choice of another candidate 'against
the next November election. (Cheers.) So much had al-
ready been eloquently said by the previous speakers on the
