NORTH UNION RAILWAY COMPANY,

A special general meeting of the proprietors of the North
Union Railway Company was held yesterday in the Claren-
don-rooms, south John-street, for the purpose of the pro-
prietors assenting to or dissenting from the directors declar-
ing a dividend out of the clear profits of the undertaking for
the year; to empower the directors to borrow any sum not
exceeding £250,000., on the security of the works, and to
make certain contracts with other railway companies.
THEODORE RA.THBONE, Esq. took the chair.

The CHAIRMAN said it was scarcely necessary for him to
say that one of the principal objects of the meeting was to
announce that the act of parliament authorizing an extension
of the capital of the company, had been obtained, having
been passed in the first commission this session. It wave
very large powers, much larger indeed than the directors
were likely to want. The proprietors hail also been called
together to sanction the use of a limited portion of those
powers, more especially the arrangement made with other
railway companies, and increasing their establishment to the
extent that had, been rendered necessary. Another very
agreeable object was to announce that upon striking a balance
at the end of last year it appeared that the clear amount of
£32,000. remained to the credit of the company, which would
yield a dividend of exactly £5. per share. (Hear, hear.)
'There was too, he was happy to say, a prospect of a further
increase. (Hear.) The expenses were by no means alarm-
ing ; and the directors had no hesitation in declaring that
that dividend might be declared. They had, however, pre-
pared a short report upon this subject, and all he should
think it necessary to state in addition would be a few facts.
He thought it only fair to state, that up to this time there
had been a very large increase in the gross receipts—an in-
crease, he believed, of half as much again as the receipts of
the corresponding period of the last half year. It was grati-
fying to him (the Chairman) to be able to say, also, that,
in the net expenses, there had been little or no increase.
But having stated these facts, he should be sorry it' it were
thought that this was a state f things not likely to continue.
It must be kept in view that some of the branches of traffic
were hardly developed at the corresponding period last year,
but at the same time 45 per cent, of the traffic was passen-
ger traffic. That, they might hope would continue to in-
crease, as other lines would come upon theirs, which were
not yet brought into play. It must likewise be kept in view
that there were some expenses not yet in operation, more
particularly for maintenance of way which up to Autumn in
this year fell upon the contractors, but which after that
period would fall upon the company. This, however, he had
ascertained from the actual payments of the contractors
themselves was very moderate indeed. It was likely there-
fore to continue exceedingly moderate, but the directors
anticipated expenses in other departments as in locomotive
power, offices, and other items. However, upon the whole,
the directors had every ground to feel such confidence in the
future prospects of the undertaking as not to hesitate to re-
commend the diiision of the whole of the net profits of the
last half year.

The SECRETARY then read the directors' report. At the
end of it there was appended a statement of the treasurer's
accounts, from which it appeared that the receipts for the
half year ending on the 31st of December last, amounted to
£66,802 4s Id, and the expenses for the same period to
£34,760 12s Bd, leaving a net balance of £32,051 lls sd.
On the motion of Mr. JOHN HOLMES, seconded by Mr.
HALL, the report of the directors, and the treasurer's state-
ment were approved and confirmed.
Mr. WAINWRIGT moved that a dividend of £5 per share
be declared. Mr. ROBERT GARNETT, of Manchester, se-
conded the motion, and it was carried. A proposition of Mr.
BARSTOW, that the dividend be only £4, fell to the ground
for want of a seconder.

Mr. COGLAN said he had a motion to propose, which he
did cheerfully, because he had perfect confidence that the di-
rectors would use the money to be raised in a manner the
most judicious and beneficial to the company. This motion
ought to have preceded the last, for he feared, unless it were
passed, the directors would not be able to accomplish their
wishes as to the dividend. The object they had in view was
to pay the shareholders a fair dividend of £5 per share ; and
he (Mr. Coglan) trusted that, as the shareholders had been
casting many a longing, lingering look before for a dividend,
and as they had been looking five or six years for the com-
pletion of the works, the dividend would be paid at as early
a period as possible. Mr Coglan concluded by moving a re-
solution, to the effect that the directors be empowered to
borrow, under the new act, the sum of £llO,OOO on the se-
curity of the line.
Mr. EDWARD BOLTON seconded the motion.
The CHAIRMAN explained that the sum mentioned in the
resolution was very far from the amount which the company
had however to borrow. They had power to borrow
£250,000 ; but the directors did not wish to go beyond
£llO,OOO, as that would be sufficient, or if they wanted more
they would come again before the proprietors. He wished
to correct an erroneous impression that seemed to exist in
Mr. Coglan's mind, namely, that it was necessary to borrow
money to pay the dividend. The fact was, the money was
now in the bank, (hear,) and would be paid on an early day—
about the 3rd or 4th of May. (Applause.) The loan was
wanted really and truly to complete the works. The capital
should have been what this sum would make it, and would
have been if the directors had been able to foresee all that
was wanted. The shareholders might be satisfied that the
directors would never be guilty of the absurdity of paying
dividends by borrowing money. (Hear, hear.)
Mr. COGLAN explained, and suggested that as this was a
year's dividend, the same principle would be applied in this
company as was adopted by the Grand Junction, the London
and Birmingham, and others, that in future, the dividends
would be paid half-yearly.
The CHAIRMAN said the directors would attend to the
suggestion ; and that the board had always contemplated
half-yearly demands to be paid about the same periods as
those of other companies.
Mr. R. L. BOLTON inquired whether the directors had any
positive prospects of borrowing the money?
The CHAIRMAN replied in the affirmative. The only dif-
ficulty was in giving a preference to those who were willing
to lend their money. The concern had no debt whatever,
and the opportunity, therefore, was a very tempting one.
The motion was then carried unanimously.
Two resolutions were next passed, one on the motion of
Mr. JOHN CROPPER, seconded by Mr. RICHARD RATII-
BONE ; and the other, on the motion of Mr. BROWN a,
seconded by Mr. WM. GARNETT, authorising the directors
to make arrangements and contracts with other railway
companies, for the use of their respective lines, upon such
terms as might be agreed upon.
Mr. BRETHERTON said he rose to ask whether the direc-
tors contemplated any improvement, and if any, what were
the facilities of travelling to the north from Liverpool and
Manchester. I f they had not, he wished to state that there
was not that accommodation given to Liverpool and Man-
chester that they were entitled to, and that the convenience
to the public was anything but great.
The CHAIRMAN. ---Your question relates to the hours, I
suppose ?
Mr. BRETHERTON said that it did.
The CHAIRMAN said the subject was a very important
one, and that it was under the consideration of the directors.
They were, however, only one company, but he was glad to
say that the directors of others were considering it, and he
had letters in his pocket to that effect, whether it was not
possible to have the hours altered.
Mr. BRETHEItTON said, his idea was that passengers
should be enabled to leave Liverpool or Manchester in the
morning, and sleep in Edinburgh or Glasgow at night. From
the amount of money paid by this company to the Liverpool
and Manchester Company, he thought this company were
entitled to call upon that company to afford the necessary
accommodation, by causing their first trains to start at a
quarter before six. In doing this they would not benefit the
North Union Company alone, but the Leeds and Manches-
ter, and they would enable passengers to meet the North
Union train in time to reach all parts of the north. You
could nowtscarcely get to Kendal, Ulverstone and the Lakes
by day, but by this arrangement you might get to all parts
between Edinburgh and Glasgow, and when the Lancaster
and Preston line opened, they might sleep at either of those
places the same night.
The CH AIRMAN observed that this question would form a
proper subject for discussion by the board of directors, and
they should be glad if Mr. Bretherton would meet them.
Upon the part of the Liverpool and Manchester Company
he must say there would be no difficulty ; they interposed no
obstacle; the difficulty lay with the Derby and Birmingham
Company, and if they could be induced to change their
hours there would be no obstacle in the case.
A DIRECTOR said, the inconvenience of not having an
earlier departure from Liverpool and Manchester, in order
to reach Edinburgh or Glasgow the same day, had been
under the consideration of the board, and it had led to an
arrangement with the Grand Junction Company, who put
on trains leaving Liverpool and Manchester at six o'clock,
with passengers, and left those for the north from Manches-
ter at Parkside, and those from Liverpool at Newton. The
object was thereby effected. This arrangement lasted for
some months. until the Grand Junction train not leaving
till a later hour, it became impracticable to do it any longer.
But, at the time it was given up. it was under discussion
whether it would not be desirable to put on a special train
for the purpose. The directors therefore desired the secre-
tary to look at the books, and ascertain the number of pas-
sengers accommodated by this extra train. He did ; and
the directors found that they did not average three, and
among those were some who wanted to go no further than
Newton •, so that even the average of three were not Lona
fide north passengers. Besides, they must recollect that in
the course of the summer the Lancaster and Preston line
would be opened, and the object might then be accomplished
by setting out later. He mentioned these circumstances to
shew that the matter was not overlooked.
Mr. BRETHERTON had not the slightest idea of attributing
neglect to the directors, and he knew that it was only upon
the opening of the Lancaster railway that the great facilities
which he had pointed out could be given. He was aware of
the expense of having a special train from Liverpool to Man-
chester; but the advantage, he contended, would be found
in the regular trains from each place starting at a quarter to
six. There would then be no extra expense, and as facilities
were given, of course the trade would increase. The trade
from Blackburn and Keighley was completely gone for want
of this accommodation.

The CHAIRMAN said the directors of all the companies
were in constant communication with each other, and when-
ever they saw reasonable hopes of a return, they would put
on a train. In this case, however, there must be a combined
operation.

Mr. HORNBY observed, that Mr. Bretherton seemed to
think the Yorkshire trade would induce the Liverpool and
Manchester Company to start an earlier train. In that case
there would be no difficulty in attaching a North Union car-
riage to it.

The CHAIRMAN added that whatever the directors of this
company had the power of doing that they desired to do.
They had hitherto erred in putting on more trains than could
be adequately supported. Some trains, indeed, had been
losing affairs.
A PROPRIETOR asked whether the seven o'clock train had
not been taken off for the winter only?
The CHAIRMAN replied, for a later hour. The trains had
averaged 21 passengers each ; whilst 50 or 60 was not an un-
reasonable number to expect.
Mr. Corr 4N said he had had conversation with many pro-
prietors, and the general feeling among them was that it was
desirable, if it were practicable, for a junction to take place
between the Lancaster and Preston and the North Union
lines. The two together would form a very excellent line,
and he believed both might be conducted upon terms very
little more expensive than each line individually. He was
aware there would be some difficulty in making the arrange-
ment—in' valuing the respective lines, which could not be
known until the Lancaster and Preston came into operation.
He begged, however, to suggest that this question be taken
into consideration at some future period. He was sure that
a line of 43 miles would be a very excellent line, but one of
22 and another of 21 must each be very expensive.
The CHAIRMAN said the suggestion should have every
attention from the directors, and that arrangements were in
progress which would go a good way in making a junction
between the two.
Mr. BROWNE then moved a vote of thanks to the directors
and to the chairman for their services.
Mr. Wm. GARNETT seconded the motion, and it was una-
nimously carried.
The proprietors then separated.

LANCASTER AND PRESTON RAILWAY.—The recent fine
weather has been as favourable as could be desired for the
progress of the works. The principal building at the Lan-
caster terminus has been run up with great rapidity, and will
be " reared," that is roofed, next week. The style is Grecian
lonic, and the structure will have a tasteful appearance, and
be altogether an ornament to the town. The dispute between
the master masons and their men is not yetadjusted, and the
strike accordingly still continues. The masters, however,
have been able to procure sufficient hands from a distance to
enable them to complete the works, so that the men have
taken nothing by their motion.—Lancaster Guardian.

MEETING OF THE LIVERPOOL ANTI-SLAVERY
SOCIETY,

Yesterday evening at seven o'clock, a meeting of the
members and friends of the Anti-Slavery Society was
held in the Music-hall, Bold-street, for the purpose of
tak ng into consideration the duty of the friends of the
negro, with reference to the present state of the slave-trade
throughout the world.
The meeting was rather numerously attended, although
at the commencement of the proceedings very few people
were present.

On the motion of Dr. RAFFLES, seconded by Mr. RICHD.
RATHBONE, the president of the society, Mr. JOHN CROP-
PER took the chair.

The CHAIRMAN, in opening the proceedings, urged the
necessity of pressing upon the public the necessity of going
on in the good work which the society had at heart, in par-
ticular, that of carrying amongst the emancipated slaves the
blessings of the Christian religion. He trusted that the ex-
ample of the society would be followed by other nations, and
that erc long the bonds of slavery would be for ever dis-
severed.

A very long report was then read by the Rev. Mr.
Bevon, conveying a high tribute of respect to the memory
of the late Mr. Cropper, and giving many details of
the progress of the society in various parts of the
world. The report noticed in terms of commendation, the
efforts of the anti-slavery community of the United States.
It also went to sheW that at Guiana, Demerara, Essequibo,
&c., the landed property lately sold had for the most part
brought much above its previous value, and none of it below
it. This, the report contended, went to prove that the evils
apprehended by the friends of slave labour, had by no means
been realized. Some of the details of the continuance of
slavery in Cuba and other parts were sufficiently horrifying.
The demoralization of Texas by the encouragement of slavery,
was dwelt upon, with a compliment to tilt, anti-slavery states,
of the American union. The abolition movement was, how-
ever, going on, and could not be arrested. The dreadful
mortality occasioned by slavery was dwelt dpon, and it ap-
peared that the annual expenditure of life by the traffic pur-
sued by Christian countries, amounted to 375,000 individuals.
Nothing would arrest the evil but the doing away with the
employment of slaves, by bringing the minds of those who
made them the instruments of their cupidity to a sense of
their wickedness. The report concluded by intimating
that, to arrest the dreadful evils of slavery, a conven,tion
of the friends of the abolition would be held at London, in
June next, upon which it implored the blessing of Divine
Providence.

The CHAIRMAN then introduced Mr. John Scoble, whose
name appeared in prominent characters in the placards. He
was loudly cheered.

Mr. SCOBLE said he had listened with intense interest to
the able and eloquent report just read by the secretary of the
society. He felt that the ground which had been occupied
by thesecretary almost precluded the necessity of his appear-
ance before them ; the harvest had been reaped, and all he
(Mr. Scoble) could do was to pass thro' the field and gather
up a few of those scattered cars here and thither, and
present to them some few details upon points to which their
attention had already been directed. The last time he
had the pleasure of addressing an audience in this town,
it was his principal duty to call attention to the wretched
horrid, and appaling situation of the negro appren-
tices ; and to urge upon all the friends of humanity and
freedom then present the necessity of exerting them-
selves, yet once more, to put an end for ever to the system
of slavery in the British West I! dia Colonies. Since that
period as the report had shown, they had achieved a noble
triumph for liberty. There would not now be found in the
length and breadth of our West India Colonies a single slave;
at this moment we should find human beings raised from the
condition of cattle to the condition of men; we should find men
formerly under the most unhum an system everdevised, reduced
to the condition of beasts of burden,raised now to the condition
of British freemen. In the colonies which he had recently
visited,.he had been struck not merely with the results of
emancipation, in so far as the interests of the planters were
concerned, but as far as the feeling and condition of the
emancipated were concerned. He.had found that commerce
flourished ; that trade was never in a more healthy condition
than at the present time in the British colonies ; that wherever
there had been a defalcation in the amount of crops, it was to be
traced either to the ordinances of Providence, or to those
circumstances which were foreseen, and said to have been
provided against by the planters themselves. We had heard
very little of complaint from the colonies generally, with the
exception.of the Island of Jamaica and British Guiana, with
regard to the conduct of the labouring population. We
found, indeed, charges brought against the emancipated
negroes, but they were merely a reiteration of those charges
which were formerly brought against the slaves. The meet-
ing knew that Pharoah of old said to the Children of Israel,
that they were idle ; and so it was said now of the freemen
of our colonies. When you spoke to the planters in this
country, and to the merchants who depended upon them,
upon this subject you found they all said, " We cannot ex-
act labour—the negroes are indolent—they have a coun-
try abounding in fruits and roots, and every thing that
can stoma' and gratify the appetite and heart of man,
and they will not labour for more than what will
just give them the necessaries of life." Throughout the
press we found the same statement made ; but what
were the facts ? It would be found, upon examination, that
whenever the negro would not work, it was because he was
not adequately paid—it was because he knew the value of his
labour that he was in opposition, generally speaking, to the
planters. We were told, for instance, that in British
Guiana the negroes received an immense reward for their
toils. Now, what was the reward which the emancipated
negro received in that colony for a day's labour, as fixed by
the planters themselves? Just sixteeen-peuce halfpenny
sterling !

Mr.-ZEMDLE.—No, no. I say no. (Uproar.)
Mr. SCOBLE was exceedingly pleased that a gentleman
from Demerara, a planter too, should appear, who said that
he paid three guilders to his negroes for a day's work. When
his friend 'dr. Bevon was reading his admirable report he
was hoping something of this kind might occur, in order that
some, spirit might be given to the meeting. A little opposi-
tion, especially from plante.s, was exceedingly gratify'ng to
ail parties who attended meetings of this kind, and now they
were to have it. He would make his statement again—that
the price of a day's labour, as fixed by the planters them-
selves, in British Guiana, was just one guilder per diem—the
-third part of a dollar, which, in sterlinc, money, was Is.
Another GENTLEMAN.—That is for four hours' labour.

Mr. SCOBLE.—One gentleman at a time ' • he would dispose
of one at once, and now for the facts of the case. During
the period of apprenticeship a tariff of labour was drawn up
by a committee of planters ; it received an official sanction
from the late Sir James Carmichael Smith, and it was con-
sidered a sufficient remuneration for a negro performing ail
day's labour of 74 hours. When the Ist of August. 1838,
arrived, this same tariff of labour was considered the standard
of a day's labour for the freemen, and for that day's labour
the sum of one guilder per diem was offered by the planters;
and the negroes were compelled, after the Ist of August, to
accept the tariff of the planters. His statement was this :
that the day's labour, as far as the amount was concerned,
was fixed by the planters themselves upon the Ist August,
1838 ; that the amount of wages they gave for it was also
fixed by the planters' themselves, at one guilder per diem.
He was speaking of the ordinary field labourers, and of the
amount ordinarily expected. If the negroes did not perform
the full amount of labour, a certain amount was deducted
from the guilder, and they received only the balance, which
was but fair and just to the two parties contracting, and he
did not quarrel with it. Now he should be glad, before he
proceeded any further, to hear the statement of the gentle-
man with regard to the three guilders being paid per dienz.
Mr. SEMPLE then stood forward. When Mr. Scoble stated
that one guilder was the wages given to negroes in British
Guiana for a day's labour, he was constrained to call out—
No ; and he maintained it was not the fact. He would in a
very few words prove to the meeting that it was not the Case.
He was himself a native of Demerara, and he had inherited
from his father a small West Indian property. He was as
averse to slavery as any man and Christian possibly could be.
His inheritance had been but trifling ; and such was his
aversion to and detestation of any thing like slavery, that
as soon as he became of age he declared that he would
have nothing to do with it. His patrimony was sold, and he
turned his attention to mercantile pursuits. He settled at
Berbice. a portion of British Guiana, where he resided, as a
merchant, eleven years ; and his character, he believed, was
tolerably well known' both there and in Liverpool. He had
no slaves—he owned none ; neither had he anything to do
with them, except as porters and domestics. After he came
to this country he took into partnership two young men who
had been his clerks ; but one morning, on going to the office,
lie was greatly surprised to find that his partners, without
his sanction or permission, had bought a large estate, for
which they gave between £30,000 and £40,000. Under these
circumstances, and in this respect, he was, undoubtedly, a
West India proprietor; but so far from Mr. Scoble's state-
ment being true, he could show the meeting, or Mr. Scoble
himself, his returns, proving that the wages paid these people
were three guilders per day. What Mr. Scoble said of the
rate of 161 d. might be true; but Mr. Scoble knew that that
ls. 4-Ad. was for a " task" of 74 hours labour, which any
negro could do in four hours with great ease ; but for twelve
hours, they could get three guilders, and his people did get it.
Mr. SCOBLE.—Oh, oh.
Mr. SEMPLE desired that he might not be interrupted by
such exclamations as oh, oh.
Mr. SCOBLE said he would not cause any further inter-
ruption.
Mr. SEMPLE would go further and say that he should be
exceedingly happy to shew Mr. Scoble his accounts of the
earnings of his people. Indeed, a friend of his, who had but
just sailed for Barbadoes, waited upon Mr. Scoble yesterday,
but could not meet with him, for the same purpose ; and
there were gentlemen in that meeting who would bear him
out when he said that be had himself yesterday sought for
Mr. Scoble. Indeed, if Mr. Scoble had not invited him he
should have intruded himself upon the meeting. (Hear,
hear.)
Mr. SCOBLE said, of course it would be exceedingly rude
in him to attempt to invalidate the statements of Mr. Sem-
ble, who said that his negroes received three guilders per
diem for their work. He would not undertake to refute him,
or to say the fact was not so ; but the meeting would permit
him to bring before them one or two official facts, for, after
all, more attention would he paid to them than either to Mr.
Semble or himself, as bearing on the question mooted between
them. With regard to the amount of wages paid for a day's
labour. He had before him a statement made by certain co-
lonists from Demerara, in the shape of an address to Lord
John Russell, in which they stated that they paid Is. 6d. per
diem to the negro.
A VoicE.—Read the passage.
Mr. SCOBLE must be allowed first to make-his statement,
and then he would read the passage. In this address it was
stated that the value of a day's labour was nominally Is. 6d.,
but that the real value was fixed at is. 40., the value of the
dollar being fixed by proclamation at 4s. 2d. Mr. Scoble
then read an extract from a despatch from Lord John Rus-
sell to the governor of British Guiana, dated 15th February,
1840, and requested the chairman to say whether he had read
' correctly or not.
The CHAIRMAN looked at the passage, and said Mr. Sco-
ble had read it correctly.
Mr. SCOBLE continued.—Now what was the amount of
labour exacted from the negroes for this is 6d, but which was
really only is 4d per diem ? In a despatch from Governor
Light to Lord Gleuelg, dated January 30, 1839, it was stated
that the planters had desired him (the Governor) to autho-
rise the substitution of 9 hours' labour per diem instead of
74 hours, but that he had refused. [Mr. Scoble read the
extract.] It had been stated that, the negroes upon the
plantations could perform three days work upon one—
Mr. SEMPLE.—NO; I said they could perform three of
these tariffs in one day.
Mr. SCOBLE.—WeII, that is the same thing.
Mr. SEMPLE.—Not exactly. I said they could perform
three of these tariffs in one day.
A GENTLEMAN.—They can do four.
Mr. Sconce.—l beg to deny most distinctly that state-
ment.
The GENTLEMAN.—I beg to say I have seen it myself.
Mr. SCOBLE had had proof of this fact
nthe year 1837,
and subsequently when he visited the colonies, that there were
different soils in British Guiana. The r
upon one estate
might be very much lighter than upon another. Upon the
east coast, where the soil was light and pliable, the negroes
could perform their accustomed task in much less time than
the negroes who were located upon the banks of the river
could perform theirs.
A GENTLtmxN.--It is just the opposite.
Mr. SCOBLE said that was a most extraordinary statement,
for there was not a planter who did not know that the soil
upon the river was stiff and hard, whilst that upon the east
coast was light and pliable, and that much more labour
could therefore be performed upon the one than upon the
other. This was clear from this fact—that upon some
estates on the banks of the river, the tariff of one hundred
roods weeding and moulding, had been reduced to seventy-five
in consequence of the labourers not being able to perform t

within the 71 hours. Hence it was easy for one gentleman
to affirm and for another to deny ; it must be for the meet-
ing to judge. He had proved, in the first place, the value of
a day's labour in a memorial to Lord John Russell from the
planters themselves, and what a day's labour was, had been
stated by the Governor of Guiana ; and he would leave the
meeting to decide the question. During the season of crop
it was usual to give higher wages to those who were em-
ployed about the buildings—in the boiling house—because they
were required to labour a greater number of hours, in order
that the saccharine matter might be properly boiled out.
Now, he had known, in these circumstances, a negro to get
from one and a half to two guilders per day ; but it was only
during the apprenticeihip, when the value of labour was
much more highly appreciated in Guiana than at present.
And he said, looking at the fertility of the soil as compared
with other colonies, the remuneration of lalour. whether
one dollar or three guilders pee diem, was not too much,
and that the planters could afford to give more.
Mr. SEMPLE said he had an engagement to Meet, hut be-
fore he left the meeting he wished to remind Mr. Scoble of
one circumstance—that he (Mr. Semple) did not at all con-
tend or maintain that three guilders per diem was too much.
All he said was this, that it was what his people got, and that
it was the minimum of each negro's earnings upon the es-
tates with which he was concerned. Independently of that,
they had free rent and medical attendance.

Mr. SCOBLE wished to say that himself and Mr. Cropper
would do themselves the pleasure of waiting upon Mr.
Semple to-morrow.
Mr. SEMPLE said he should be most happy to see them.
Mr. SCOBLE observed it must be borne in mind that Mr.
Semple had stated that the minimum was three guilders per
diem.

A Vol CE.—For how long.
M. SEMPLE.-1 say for the day; and I believe not for
12 hours.

The Cre AlRMAN.—However, we will call upon you.
Mr, SEMPLE.—Very well.
Mr. SOMME resumed. He should be very happy to bear
his testimony to the accuracy of Mr. Seinple's statemenie,
when he had examined the documents, should he find them
correct. He would repeat the observation, that this tariff of
wages had been fixed by the planters themselves ; and 1w
would ask the meeting, as a question of common sense,
whether it was at all likely the planters would fix such
a small amount of labour to be performed in return
for their wages, as some gentlemen would have them
suppose ? Much had been said with regard to the diminution
of produce in British Guiana ; touch had been said too as to
the ruin of that fine portion of the British empire. He felt
more than ordinary interest in that colony, for he had spent
a longer period in it than in any other which he visited
during his two tours in the years 1836 and 1838. So far
from being an enemy to the colony or to the planters he
would ask any person whether he had ever deteriorated the
character of the colony ? On the contrary, he had often said
it was one of the most splendid appendages to the British
crown, that there was ample room in it for forty millions of
people, that it had a soil of inexhaustible fertility, and that
those individuals who located themselves there, provided
they went as free persons, and took care of their freedom
when there, were likely, by steady industry, to raise
themselves. This he had asserted again and again ; for he
was no enemy to emigration thither. His quarrel was not
with the colony, but with the men who were the governors
of it—the planters ; and so soon as they could be trusted
with any grace with those who went there, he would allow
them to have them. This was a point of very great impor-
tance in connection with the prosperity, present and future,
of British Guiana. He ought to state that there was a
gross fallacy lurking under the statements made by gentlemen_
with respect to that colony. In all the written documents
which had appeared before the public, and in all the state-
ments made with regard to the falling off in the amount of
the crops in the colony, they had on all occasions studi-
ously concealed the whole of the facts of the case. In
the first place, they had disguised the actual amount
of the exports of the colony under the name of hogsheads of
sugar. They would never, they took care, go into details as
to how many hogsheads less were the exports last year—but
he had found out that they had increased very much in size ;
and it would be found, when the official documents were pub-
lished, that the defalcation in the amount of sugar shipped
from Demerara and Berhice during the last year, did not fall
so very short from the amount exhibited the year before, as
stated by the planters themselves. Ile had before him an
official document, which gave the total amount of sugar ex-
hibited, (but it did not go into details of the differ-
ent colonies) during last year, as compared with the
preceding years. Looking at the whole of the colonies, the
amount was 698,000 cwts. less as compared 1838; an:l
483,000 cwts. as compared with 1837, which he believed
the planters of Guiana said was a very profitable year
to them. So that the loss upon the sum total was
not very great. Mr. Scoble then proceeded to contend
tend that the principal cause of the falling off in the produce
of British Guiana in 1839 was the drought, and to defend
the character of the negro for industry ; and, in conclusion,
he mentioned three points, on each of which enforced the
well known views of the abolitionists, namely, legislation, ad-
ministration of justice and emigration, but owing to the late
hour at which the meeting concluded, and the necessity for
going to press soon, we are unabled to report his arguments.
In conclusion, he moved a resolution declaratory of the
sentiments of the meeting.
WILLIAM Reernaoxe, Esq. hoped this country would
never cease in its exertions until the abolition of slavery was
achieved in every quarter of the globe. God had made all
men alike, and there was no need for such meetings if chris-
tians proceeded upon the principles which they professed.
The Rev. Mr. KELLY moved a resolution to the effect
that slavery was pernicious alike to the slave-holders and the
enslaved. He would make no lengthened remarks, as an
American gentleman would succeed him, who represented a
country which had much more to contend with than this.
He considered that the work of abolition, to be successful,
must be founded on Christian principles.
The Rev. JOHN KEEP, from America.—lt was gratifying
to state that in no part of the British dominions was now
heard the clanking of the chains of slavery. He then
alluded to the American abolitionists. Slavery existed
in its most painful form in the United States. He tra-
ced the commencement of slavery, upwards of two hun-
dred years ago, in these states, when they were under
the British flag. He furnished some interesting details
relative to the gallant conduct of the slaves during the revo-
lutionary war. He next noticed in indignant terms the op-
position to free discussion in America on the subject of
slavery. Mr. Scoble, he said, had, however, been heard with
attention, and there were 1500 anti-slavery associations in
the States. A school was also commenced, into which the
black man and the white man were admitted together. The
place, such was the opposition, was in a dense and remote
fores, near Lake Eirie. The speaker expressed his gratitude
for the kindness with which he, as a member of a deputation
from the American States, had been received in England,
and rejoiced in the brotherhood of his countrymen and the
British public, in the cause in which they had mutually em-
barked. He doubted not but their combined exertions would
result in victory. The motion was carried unanimously.
Dr. RAFFLES, in an eloquent address, moved the next
resolution, opposing the proposed introduction of Hill
Coolies into the Mauritius.

The motion was unanimously agreed to, as also a petition
founded upon it.

Thanks, were then voted to the chairman, and the meeting
broke up.

The postage stamps are only to be sold by persons ii muted
to sell stamps.
In England alone, the capital belonging to the operatives
in the savings' banks now amounts to £16,000,000 sterling.
Frock coats and white cravats are becoming quite the vogue ;
Prince Albert having set the fashion.

We learn that the county constabulary, in consequence of
the number and atrocity of the recent outrages, are to be in-
creased by one hundred men. So much in proof of the boasted
tranquillity ! Already have four constabes and nineteen sub-
constables been ordered hither from Longford.—Linscrick
Standard.

CRI EF F.—An earthquake was felt here on the afternoon
of Tuesday, the ith instant, at eleven minutes to four o'clock .
like most of the preceding shocks which we have had, this
was double—a second or so intervening between the two
shakes. Although the night was passing cold, there was a
sort of sultry look in the air ; but there was nothing strikingly
observable.

The conservatives of Rutlandshire are already anticipating
the prospect of an election, and have determined to get rid
of the domination of the whig-radical house of Barham. A.
requisition, very numerously signed, has been presented to
the Hon. W. Dawney, the eldest son of Lord Down, who has
consented to contest the county, with which his family are
intimately connected.

FERMANAGH ELECTION.—We perceive by the Fermanagh
Reporter, that Sir Arthur Brooke will be returned for that
county without opposition. Lord Cole, now Lord Ennis-
killen, has published a most affectionate and farewell address
to the constituency, and Lord Loftus has also published au
excellent address, declining to stand as a candidate.
NORTH MIDLAND RAILWAY.—This great line will be
open from Derby to Sheffield (forty miles) in the first week
in May. The celebrated station at Derby for the three com-
panies—the North Midland, Midland Counties, Birmingham
and Derby Junction—which, it is said, will be one of the
finest railway stations in the kingdom, is in a state of great
forwardness.—Derbyshire Chronicle.
MANCHESTER ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS.—On the Ist inst.,
at these gardens, the lioness, who possesses the name of
Victoria, gave birth to three cubs, all thriving; and visitors.
are often amused to see her carrying one of them playfully
in her mouth. Sir George Murray has recently made a do-
nation to the gardens of a Scotch eagle; and, amongst the
late additions, are a silver fox and an opossum, from North
America, and a variety of monkeys and other small quadru-
peds ; and the collection of water-fowl has also been mereas-
ed.—Manchester Guardian.

The quantity of pig iron made in Staffordshire last year is
calculated at rather more than 338,000 tons, and the number
of puddling furnaces 581, each consuming 124 tons per week.
It is further calculated that, owing to the reduction of 20 per
cent in'the make, the accumulation of pig iron during the
puddlers' turn out will be worked down in the ensuing quar-
ter. Orders in the Midland Counties are steady, and au ad-
vance of 5s per ton has taken place in Scotland.

SALMON FISIIING.—The fishing in this quarter, up to tife
present time, has been very discouraging. Some of the old-
est fishermen athrtn, that they do not recollect to have seen
fewer salmon in the rivers than have been met with this yea,.
To what cause this state of things is to be attributed we do
not know ; but there can he no denying the fact that for some
seasons bypast, this source of luxury and profit has been de-
clining to an alarming extent. We would fain hope, how-
ever, that what of the season has yet to run will be more
productive, and thus enable gentlemen embarked in the trade
to redeem their lost capital.—Montrose Standard.
The county of Oxford has followed the example of Berk-
shire, in rejecting the proposition for the establishment of a
rural police, or rather a government gendarmerie. The pro-
position, it appears, was rejected by a majority of more than
two to one of the magistrates of Oxfordshire, there being 1G
for a centralised police, and 33 against it.
SECRET SERVICE MONEY.—It appears by the Parlia-
mentary Returns, that the whig ministers of this country
have expended, in ten years, between 3 and £400,000 in
secret service money, of which no account whatever has
been, or will be given ! This will help to explain some of
the patriotism displayed in such boroughs as Newark and
Ludlow, where the secret service money was sent down in
shoals to bribe the electors, and also to establish newspapers
for the advocacy and encouragement of whig politics, such
as the North Chester Reformer and the Manchester Times,
both under the especial patronage of one of the Secretaries
of the Treasury, the Hon. E. J. Stanley.—Stockport Ad-
vertiser.

RAILWAY INTO SCOTLAND.—The commissioners are, we
believe, still employed in selecting an inland route for the
connecting line of railway between England and Scotland.
It seems now to be understood, that the east coast line is
entirely given up by the commissioners, and the Morecambe
Bay line scarcely less so. From the nature of the inquiries
put by the commissioners, it is supposed that they have not
yet made up their minds as to the comparative superiority of
the line recommended by Mr. Locke up the Lune, and that
through Kendal. The principal obstacle in the way of the
latter line is the formidable tunnel through Longslerldale ;
and if the engineering difficulties should appear to the com-
mission to be in reality less than they have been represented,
it is generally supposed that the Kendal line will be the one
recommended. The certainty that a west coast line, 'begin-
ning at Lancaster, will be recommended by the commission-
ers, as the best connecting link between England and Scot_
land, begins to exercise a most favourable effect upon the
Lancaster and Preston Railway shares, which, like the North
Union, will no doubt soon be at a premium.—Lancqster
Gyardia4.

Blackwood's Magazine. April, 1840.'

Fraser's Magazine. April, 1840.

Dublin University Magazine. April, 1840.

EMIGRATION FROM IRELAND.

(From the Limerick Standard)

E.„?‘•-; .
c:. ; ~,...-3;\ I .1,-, ( :ice
~----)1)-f,...6,:._- r •,, I ....,; ,/,,,.>i
~..,
di ..... •
(--
~.
,44, ! Viola::: v • `'" re
\,,..L...‘.....9../

It is quite refreshing to contemplate the zeal, learning, and
talent which are, at the present critical period, devoted to
the defence of the glorious and venerable institutions of our
highly-favoured land, and more particularly to that of our
Established Church. Among the champions which have
stood forth, as the bold and uncompromising advocates of the
Church of England, in opposition to the triple band of
Papists, political dissenters, and infidels, we know of none
that has done more essential service than the able periodical
under notice. The present number of this truly excellent
review is remarkable for the force, erudition, and originality
which characterise its several articles. The elaborate re-
marks on the " Documentary Annals of the Anglican Church"
will afford the highest gratification to every sincere admirer
of our truly orthodox and apostolical establishment. The
article on " Ancient Christianity" is candidly and ably
written, and steers clear of Puseyism—the rock upon which
so many , distinguished modern divines have been ship-
wrecked. The analytical notice of " Milman's Poetical
Works" is an eloquent production. Would that we could
persuade every professing Protestant to peruse, with a candid
spirit, the admirable article on " Ireland under Papal Go-
vernment." It would serve to dissipate much of the
darkened prejudice which is now so prevalent, and which is
the source of so much injury to'the interests of true Chris-
tianity. " The English Country Gentleman" is a delightful
essay, abounding in touching descriptions of rural life. The
" Ages of Faith" is a very curious article, calculated to lower
the boasts of the " march of intellect" philosophers of the
present day. It fully proves the truth of the assertion, that,
in many respects, science has rather retrograded than ad-
vanced throughout Europe. The article on " The Treatment
of Ecclesiastical Claims" is one of the best that we have
seen on the subject of church extension. There is much
truth in the remarks on " Todd's Lectures on Prophecy,"
but we cannot agree with the writer in many of his conclu-
sions. The observations on' Croly's Life of Burke" dis-
play a profound insight into human nature. There is no-
velty, as well as a high degree of interest, in the " History of
the Church of Ireland." This is a subject upon which there
have bean very few works written, and respecting which
much ignorance exists. " Her Majesty's Incapables" is the
title of a slashing political article, in which very little mercy
is shown to the members of the present imbecile administra-
tion. We exceedingly regret that the editor of the Church
of England Quarterly has committed himself so egregiously
as to attack Mr. M`Neile, than whom we feel assured there
is not a sounder churchman in the kingdom. He has done
eminent service to the church by his recent lectures in Lon-
don, and is entitled to the praise of every member of the
establishment. The miscellaneous intelligence in this pe-
riodical is exceedingly interesting and important.

" Ten Thousand a Year " occupies its proper place as the
first article in the present number of Blackwood. This tale
increases in interest as it proceeds. The last part is a touch-
ing specimen of the pathetic. We venture to predict for
" Ten Thousand a year," if re-published with illustrations,
after the modern fashion, a popularity to which even the Pick-
wick Papers never could aspire. " Aboukir " is a graphic
narrative, rich in poetic imagery. The continuation of the
essay on " The Essenes " is well worth a careful perusal. The
author has evidently read much, and carefully digested what
he has read. " Another Passage of Autobiography "is ad-
mirably expressed, and will be read with avidity. The review
of " The Diversions of Purley " cannot fail to afford a rich
treat to the scholar. The philological disquisitions of Horne
Tooke are treated with very little ceremony or respect. "Carlo
Sebastiani,,:the Aid-de-camp," is a capital tale, strongly re-
minding us of what Blackwood used to be "in days of yore."
The interest attached at the present moment to everything
connected with the east, will cause the article on " Khiva,
Central Asia, and Cabul," to be perused with much attention.
It is replete with valuable information. " Hymns of a Her-
mit " are far above mediocrity—a compliment which can rare-
ly be applied to modern poetry. Our piscatorial friends will
do well to read the review of " Shaw on Salmon Fry." The
paper on " Modern Superstition " abounds in curious illus-
trations. " The Anti National Faction is a capital attack
upon the ministers and their incongruous allies.

Though the articles iu the present number of Fraser are
not numerous, they are all of them exceedingly interesting.
The critique on " Charles Dickens and his Works" is, at
once, clever, impartial, and discriminating. We think, with
many of our contemporaries, that " Boz" has been greatly
over-rated. His later productions fully justify us in enter-
taining this opinion. He is not, however, without his pecu-
liar excellencies, in certain styles of composition. In " Blue
Friar Pleasantries" we have some amusing descriptions of
the different modes of " popping the question," which we cor-
dially recommend to the notice of all who are under the in-
fluence of the " tender passion," but who have not yet so
far " screwed up their courage to the sticking point" as to
venture to " declare themselves." " Specimens of Persian
Poetry" will be read with avidity by all who can appreciate
the glowing and gorgeous imagery of oriental authors. The
artiele on " Manners, Fashion, and Things in General," is a
pleasant and gossiping affair, that will serve to beguile a
leisure hour. " What's What" is much of the same cha-
racter as the preceding. It has, however, an occasional dash
of sound philosophy. We have enjoyed a hearty laugh in
reading " Another Book of Blunders," which contains some
severe hits at the " Dissenting interest." The continuation
of " Scenes in the Desert" fully sustains the interest excited
by the former part. The miscellaneous observations "On
Shakspeare" are extremely curious, and many of them are
original, which is saying a great deal after the volumes of
commentaries upon the immortal bard that have already
been published.

We always open this truly Protestant and conservative
magazine with pleasure, and seldom is that pleasure alloyed
by the perusal of any of the articles which it contains. In
the number before us we have the continuation of " Charles
O'Malley, the Irish Dragoon," from the inimitable pen of
Harry Lorrequer. This article alone is worth the price of
the magazine. The scenes described are amusing in the ex-
treme, especially the account of the dinner at Mr. Blake's.
In the " Portrait Gallery" for this month we have a charac-
teristic sketch of " Martin Doyle," alias the Rev. W.
Hickey, who has contributed so largely to improve the agri-
cultural taste of his fellow-countrymen. The specimens of
" Arabian, Persian, and Turkish Poetry," are extremely
rich in oriental imagery. The " Recollections of a Portrait
Painter" embrace another exquisite narrative, replete with
tenderness and pathos. The review of " Bulwer's Dramatic
Poetry" possesses a very high degree of interest. The illus-
trations of the critique are judiciously selected. " The
Voice of the Season" is a beautiful composition, calculated
to excite feelings of profound and heartfelt devotion. The
analysis of " Bishop Mant's History of the Church of Ire-
land" is well worth a careful and attentive perusal. " Law
and Lawyers" is an article full of anecdotes, intermixed with
much sound wisdom, the result of experience and reflection.
The remaining articles in this number fully sustain its cha-
racter as an independent but constitutional periodical.

There are nine vessels now taking emigrants in this har-
bour for North America, on average 150 each, besides seven
vessels already cleared out with full complements, for the
same destination. Very comfortable peasantry from the
county Tipperary are emigrating in great numbers from our
port to Quebec.
DONEGAL.—On Thursday evening, the brigs Betsey and
Caroline left our port with their full complement of pas-
sengers. The brigs Anne, Susan Maria Brooke, and Susan
Jane, will sail from the port of Donegal next week with their
full complement.—Ballyshannon Herald.
The numbers arriving from the country districts, princi-
pally from the neighbourhoods of Bandon, Bantry, Skib-
bereen, Macroom, &c., to take passage for America, in the
ships lying at the quays, now converted into emigrant vessels,
increase daily. Four or five vessels have sailed for their
destinations-LSt. John's; St. Andrews, N. 8., and Quebec ;
as many more are now being fitted.—Cork Sout,ern Re-
porter.
Not a day passes that we do not witness new arrivals and
departures of emigrants to and from our town. No less than
thirty families passed through this town within the last fort-
night, on their way to Sligo, Dublin, and Liverpool, in
order to take shipping for the Canadas andthe United States
of America.—Balling Advertiser.
Within the last few days several vessels have taken their
departure from this port, destined principally for British
North America and the United States, and carrying a larger
amount of emigrants than we have noticed for more than
three years. On Sunday we witnessed the sailing of the fine
first class ship Oberon, .
the property of D. Carigan, Esq ,
and commanded by Captain Edwards. She had a numerous
freight of comfortable-looking passengers, chiefly from the
county Tipperary and Kilmacthomas, in the county Water-
foal.—Waterford Chronicle.

THE LATE ELOPEMENT FROM BRIGHTON.--The follow-
ing paragraph appears in Friday's Galignani A corre-
spondent informs us that at an early hour yesterday a reve-
rend gentleman, distinguished by his high scientific attain-
ments, and whose recent flight from England occasioned a
considerable sensation, was tbund at an hotel in this city, by
the husband of the lady who accompanied the doctor to the
continent. The rmcontre is described as having been dis-
agreeable in the extreme to the latter, and was followed by
the instant removal of the fair fugitive by her father." The
Post correspondent in Paris sends the following version—
" The occupants of the Hotel Trouchet, rue Trouchet, behind
the Madelaine, in Paris, were roused from their slumbers on
Wednesday night, or rather Thursday morning, for it was be-
tween two and three o'clock, by screams of ' murder ! ' and
piercing shrieks. It appears that the hotel has amongst its
lodgers Dr. Lardner and Mrs. Heaviside, whose flight from
Brighton, and pursuit by the injured husband, have been
mentioned in the English papers. Mr. Heaviside and Col.
Spicer, (Mrs. Heaviside's father) who, with four servants,
had arrived from England, had ascertained the address of the
guilty pair, and having obtained an entrance, the lady was
dragged out of her bed, notwithstanding her screams for as-
sistance, and removed to the Hotel de l'F.,urope, rue de Ri-
A-oil, and an hour afterwards was removed by her father from
Paris en route for England.

Two news-venders last week underwent the disgrace of be-
ing placed in the stocks at Bath. for selling newpapers on a
Sunday. Two others were'fined 5s each, for the same offene.
—Briatol Mirror.

The Marquis of Westminster has presented to Prince Al-
bert a magnificent charger, by Conductor, bred at Eaton-
ball. The colour a brilliant black, without a spot, five years
old, and fifteen and a half hands high.
