THE CHOLERA ACCOUNTED FOR.

"The cause y knowe, and of his arm the rote."--Chaucer.*
Mr. Herapath attributes our chnlera of 1832, to the COMET
of 1811. A Correspondent of the Birmingham Catholic Maya-
.,
zzne, a letter which we extract below, gives it us as his own
opinion,. and that of some of our forefathers, that pestilences
of tlw, kind, and, indeed, of all kinds have not unfiequently
been brought into the world by GHOSTS! He allows that
this soleann truth "is not susceptible of mathematical demon-
stration • " but yet insists that. 'it must be admitted to be fully
as probable as any of the numerous explanations which have
been devised." Should our readers loork into the letter, they
will perhaps, like ourselves, be sometimes at a loss to know,
whether PNEUMATICS be only a homan Catholic wag, or really
a deep theologian. That the gentleman, however, is actually
serious will probably be our reader's conclusion, as well as our
own ; and, in any case, if, like ourselves also, they are not in-
disposed to enjoy a smile at one of the wildest of human fan-
cies, and human relish (which who has not ?) for a few ghost
stories, with the remarkable addition of (to us at least,) some
novelty of circumstance, they will not think that we have done
amiss in making this extract for their amusement. But PrsE c-
m ATlcos in some of his remarks, seems to have forgotten the
distinction proper to be made by demonologists, between
(inesTs and \ AMPIRES ; and, in illustration of that part of
one of his narratives in which we find a "corpse cut to pieces,"
in order to prevent a repetition of its misdeeds, and we permit
ourselves to remark, that according to an Oriental tradition,
when Nebuchadnezzar died, his son cut his body into a great
number of pieces, and dispersed them in various directions, in
order that he might not repeat the trick of returning to his
throne, as had been the case after his seven years' eating grass
as an ox.

(From the Birmingham Catholic Magazine.)
MR. EDlTOR,—Whether you are acquainted with the follow-
ing fact, I am ignorant: it is well known to every inhabitant
of Smyrna.
As the Imaum of the mosque at Barnagat was watching one
night, he saw. passing by him the ghost of a dervish, who had
been buried in the morning. Aware that he must be a mes-
senger from thejProphet, he hailed the ghost from the minaret,
and enquired, whither he was going. "To Smyrna," he re-
plied, "to carry the cholera there, and to kill three thousand
persons." The next morning the pestilence broke out in the
city; for ten days it continued its ravages; and thirty thousand
victims. perished. On the eleventh night, the Imaum ascended
the minaret, and seeing the ghost on his return, reproached
him with having exceeded his commission. "No," he replied,
" I killed but three thousand, the doctors killed the rest."
Now, if I were to say, that I give entire credence to this
tale, I have no doubt, that some of your readers, in the pride
of superior intellect, would laugh at me as an old woman.
Well: let them laugh. I know that the sway, which ghosts
once held over the human mind, has of late been on the wane :
since the schoolmaster came abroad, they have grown more
coy, and more chary in their personal appearance : but every
thing has its day, and reaction.follows : that mania of intellec-
tual reform, which has severed the links which united us with
.the race of ghosts, will paSs away ; and our children like our
fathers will be permitted to enjoy the same pleasurable excite-
ment', which, I remember ,I used to enjoy in my younger days,
when the family, being collected on a winter evening round the
fire, . listened with curiosity, wonder; and terror to tales of
supernatural apparitions. In the East, the belief in Ghosts is
still universal : no man doubts that they are the agents of the
divinity in the infliction and propagation of pestilential dis-
eases; and such also was the opinion of all European nations,
even of our Christian ancestors. Now it appears to me, that a
doctrine so ancient, so universal, common to Christians, Mo-
hommedans, and Pagans, adopted for centuries by the most
learned and most pious of the human race, is deserving. of
serious consideration : and the more so, as it is the only opinion
yet known, which satisfactorily accounts for the latent cause,
the irregular propagation, and the capricious appetite of the
pestilence, called the cholera. Philosophers have speculated
on these things till they have been bewildered and confounded,
andThysicians have tried experiments, and killed their thou-
4ands and tens of thousands, till they are compelled to confess
their ignorance : but let them only admit the preternatural
agency of ghosts, and every difficulty will vanish. Does the
plague leap from district to district, without infecting the inter-
mediate villages ? Why : the ghost did not choose to tarry
anywhere on his journey. Does it carry off sometimes the
Most healthy, and spare the weak, the drunkard, and the de-
.baathed ? The ghost acts according to his own whims and
partialities. Do .the most dangerous cases of cholera com-
mence soon after midnight ? It is only at midnight that ghosts
are permitted to begin their rambles. Evidently the facility
with which this hypothesis solves every difficult question, must
be taken as strong evidence of its truth.
Here I am interrupted by a friend, who denies that this opi-
nion was ever adopted by our Christian ancestors; but I shall
soon convince both him, and those of your• readers who think
like him, of the contrary ; and, for that purpose, shall appeal
to a celebrated. writer of the twelfth century, William of New-
burgh, in the twenty-third chapter of his fifth book, De rebus
A nytieis.
"Near the mouth of the river Tweed," says he, "there is a
right goodly town, called Berwick, belonging to the King of
the Scots. In that town lived a rich man and a wicked one
also, as his doings after death plainly chewed. For, on the
night of his burial, he issued from his grave ; and not he alone,
but a pack of hounds with him. Where he got them, I know
not: perchance from the devil's kennel : for the devil was the
only master that he ever served. And lo away they all ran
through the streets of Berwick, the man hallooing, the dogs
yelping, and the people in. their beds screaming through fright.
131.0 when this continued to be done every night, judge ye,' if
the townsmen were not in a strange quandary. Every house
was barred from sunset to sunrise ; and no man dared to put
his nose out of door or casement. At last, the elders of the
town, discreet men and wise, plainly saw that, unless the ghost
was laid, his nocturnal visits must breed a mortal pestilence.
A common- hall was called, and after long and earnest debate
it was resolved to attack•the foe in' the day time,' while he lay
in the grave, still, and stiff, and yowerless of mischief. Ten
young men, stout of heart and limb, undertook the perilous
enterprize. With secret fear and misgiving they removed the
earth, and opened the coffin: the corpse gave no signs of in.
tended resistance. They dragged it out, divided it into pieces,
and threw each piece into the lire, where it was consumed. '0!
that was a blythe and bonny day at Berwick. For how could
the ghost repeat his nocturnal pranks, now that he had no body
in existence ? The bells rang a •merry peal : the gudewives
laughed and chattered; their husbands quaffed their ale, and
sang.. But how brief, how deceitful is human bliss ! That very
night-7-whether the frequent perambulations of the sprite, or
the burning of his body, had contaminated the air, I know not
—that very night the pestilence appeared in Berwick ; in a few
days it had penetrated into every house, and scarcely man,
woman, or child escaped its baneful influence.
"I have often marvelled how it came to pass, that there, were
nd ghosts in times of yore. For that there were none is mani-
fest, since none have ever been mentioned by the ancient wri-
ters, albeit they were careful to chronicle matters of less note,
But in our days they are both rife and mischievous: wherefore.
for the instruction and guidance of future generations, I will
add two other similar instances. • _ _

Near to the noble abbey of Melrose, there lived a certain
dame, of high lineage and wide possessions, who kept in her
family a chaplain, more worldly than devout, and so fond of
the 'chase, that the people gave him the nickname of the hound-
priest. He died, and was buried in the cemetery at Melrose :
but he could not rest in his grave ; at midnight lie regularly
lose; and, though within the holy precincts he did no mischief
---the virtues of the monks were their protection—yet the mo-
ment he left the walls, he raised the most terrible shouts and
shrieks, and -hastening to the castle of his former lady, conti-
nued to course round it, till the appearance of dawn admonished
him to return to his prison for the day. She, poor, lady, felt,
as it was like she should, the molt dreadful alarm, and begged
of one of the monks of Melrose to'solicit his brethren to pray
for her deliverance from the nightly visits of the ghost. • Ihe
monk pitied her case: he associated with himself another monk
and two yeomen belonging to the abbey; and all four, invigor-
"atedSwith ale, and armed with battle axes took their station
within the wall of the cemetery. It was a cold and clear win-
ter's, night: the clock struck twelve, and no ghost appeared.
Thinking that the spell was broken, the other three retired to a
neighbouring shed, to warm themselves by the fire : and the
moment they, were out of sight, the lid slipped from the stone
coffin ; a human figure arose, and with eyes of flame, the hound-
priest rushed on the solitary monk. At the first he was petri-
fied-with horror: but despair nerved his arm, and he aimed
with all his might a blow at the spectre, who uttered a loud
cry, and ran back to the tomb, which instantly closed upon
At.the.noise, the other watchmen .returned, forced up
the lid, and found the body; with a ghastly wound in the breast,
acid weltering in blood. Phis proved that they were victorious,
they carried the dead man to the neighbotnitig moor, burnt him
with the furLe, and scattered his ashes to the wind. Of course
lie disturbed the lady no more. This history was told by cer-
tain religious men.
Another" instance, and more melancholy in its results, hap-
pened at the castle of Annan, the particuairs of which I re-
ceived from an.eye-witness, a holy man, of noble birth, and
much respected in those parts. It chanced that an English-
man, gusty of several crimes fled from Yorkshire to escape
punishment, and was received by the Lord of Annan among

his retainers. There he married a Scottish woman: but grow-
ing suspicious of her fidelity, pretended one day to set out on
a long Journey, and, returning secretly, was concealed with
the aid of a female servant in the garret; whence by, some mis-
chance, he fell through into the room below, and in the f,u:,
received a contusion, which ultimately caused his death.
informant, through motives of charity, visited him in his sivk-
ness, and advised him to make his confession, and receive We
ho.y communion, as became a Christian. He promised :.) do
so on the morrow, but lived not to see that morrow, an,: ) et,
unworthy as he was, he received •the rite of Christian bur. i.
That, however, availed him little. He could not rest in los
grave : from midnight he was accustomed, for hours together,
to course with a pack of hell-hounds up and down the street,
and round the houses of Annan. The horrible din which they
made confined the terrified inhabitants to their houses, and in
a short time, the stench arising from 'his half putrid carcase
bred a mortal pestilence in the town. Every house was filled
with the sick and the dying, or else stood empty, being aban-
doned by its owners. The- venerable clergyman, who narrated
this history, grieved at the depopulation or his parish, invited
to his church several pious and learned clerks on Palm Sunday,
and, after the sermon and ceremonies of the day, conducted
them to dine with hint at the manse. But white they sat at
table, two young men more courageous than their companions,
determined to wreak their vengeance on the ghost, the un-
doubted murderer of their father, as he had died of the plague.
They proceeded to the grave, bared away the earth, and found
the body bloated, and distended with blood like a leech ' • a plain
proof that he had been accustomed to feed on the blood of his
victims. Instigated by rage, they dragged it through the vil-
lage, tore out the heart, threw the carcase on a bonfire, and
called the visitors at the manse' to be spectators of their tri-
umph. The body was consumed the ghost appeared no more;
the air became pure and wholesome, and the sick rapidly re-
covered.

Ghosts, Mr. Editor, are grave subjects: but grave subjects
seem to be favourites, with you and your fellow-Labourers. I
may therefore'be allowed to make a few remarks on the afore-
said narratives—for no one will dispute their truth, as William
of Newburgh must .have drawn from authentic sources.—l.
The original race of ghosts differed 'from that which existed
during the last century. They were not made of that thin!
shadowy, ill-defined, and unintelligible substance, which marked
the ghosts of later days, but possessed the self-same flesh and
:blood, in which they badpreviously lived among men. 2. Nei-
ther were they penitent sinners coining from purgatory for the
purpose of warning a friend against tue evil of his ways, or of
procuring reparation for a person whom they had injured : they
were the servants of Satan, whom his Satannic majesty—and
this should be told to his praise, for it is the only amiable •trait
in his character—furnished with the means of occasionally en:.
joying after death, the same amusements to which they Were
so much attached during life. 3. Neither were they to be laid,
as in more recent tildes, with holy water, or the sign of the
cross, or adjuration in the name of the Almighty: It was ne-
cessary to seek the enemy boldly in his den, and to deprive him
of the power of mischief, by depriving him of his dead body.
4. Though the opinion of our ancestors, that. pestilential dis-
eases arise from the circumvagation of ghosts, is not susceptible
of mathematical demonstration, it must be admitted to be fully
as probable as any of the numerous explanations which have
hitherto been devised of our present pestlience the cholera.

• PNEUM AT [COS.
• " The cause known, and the root of his harm or malady..!'

THE GUANA is one of the largest lizards of the tropics. • The
appearance of this animal is somewhat alarming; and, when
irritated, it puts on I. menacing aspect, swelling out the great
pouch of its throat, erecting the scales on its back, lashing its
tail, glaring with its fiery eyes, and snaking a sort of hissing
noise like a serpent. the animal is very gentle, though it
can bite and scratch ; and it may easily be domesticated. The
guana is common in several countries of South America, and it
was formerly found in considerable numLers in the West India
islands ; but the race has there been nearly destroyed, its flesh
being considered a delicious article of food. This remarkable
lizard is easily distinguished from every other species, by the
pouch which hangs from the under side of its neck, by the in-
dented crest which reaches from the head to the extremity of
.the tail, and by the pecUliar beauty of its general colours; and
the metalic brilliancy of its scales. Its extreme length, from
the muzzle to the end Of the tail, is sometimes five or six feet.
The ground colour of the guana is in general green, mixed with
wilco', or various shades of blue; but the colours of the species
differ considerably in different individuals, and are, probably,
dependant upon circumstances of age, sex, and c'imate. 't he
guana feeds on the flowers and leaves of trees, and on earth-
worms and insects. Its jaws are furnished with teeth, but it
swallows its food with scarcely any mastication. It runs with
astonishing nimbleneis along the highest branches of trees, and
seldom descends to the earth, sleeping and leading on the same
tree. The female, however, at a particular period of the year,
goes to the'sea-shore to deposit her eggs in the sand. After
feeding the guana is-very dull, and is then easily taken. In
some places it is hunted by cogs trained to the chase, and in
others taken in a noose or trap. It is extremely difficult to
kill, except in one 'way—that of thrusting a sharp instrument up
its nostrils. The flesh, as we have mentioned, is esteemed a de-
licacy.—Penny :Magazine.

FORGERY AND RACING EXTRAORDINARY.-011 the 25th'IsToy.
1831, a tali, well-dressed young man, of mustachioed and mill-
tary appearance, purchase'd a horse at Mr. Beardsworth's
Repository, Birmingham, for which he paid with a £5O Bank
of England note, .Itating. his name to be Hickman. This note
was subsequently discovered to be a forgery, and rewards for
his apprehension were offered, £5O by Mr. Beardsworth, and
£lOO by the 'Bank, but without effect. On Thursday, Mr.
&-ardsworth, who, it should be observed, had not seen Mr.
Hickman for more than *a minute or two during the purchase
of the horse, while walking down the Lowther Arcade, met a
person whose appearance and dress bore a military pretension
that at once brought "Mr. Hickman" to his recollection. A
second look proved the identity; " Mr. Hickman's memory
.seemed to be no less; accurate, for he at once quickened his
pace towards the top of the arcade; no sooner had he cleared
this than, to use the phraseology of the turf, he made strong
running towards Chandos-street; he had a "good start.," and
having the advantage in stride and height, was some "lengths"
ahead before Mr. Beardsworth got into play; the latter, how-
ever, is very "quick upon his legs," and is always in full
work," and can go a great pace for a short distance ; he
gained ground every stride, forced Mr. Hickman to double
towards St. Martin's-lane, where he pressed him so closely that
he turned short to the left, and again " ran out of the course"
into Trafalgar-square; here it was "straight running," and
was all in favour of Mr. Beardsworth, who collared the pur-
sued about the middle of the square, the latter being fairly
beaten both in speed and stoutness. Mr. Beardswoi th kept
his grip, and actually. " him in this way to Bow-street,
without calling for or receiving any assistance; nor is it a
little remarkable, that the occurrence (at two o'clock in the
day) did not excite any astonishment, or draw a crowd. When
taken before Sir F. Hoe and Mr. Halls, the prisoner was
highly indignant, dud declared his name to he Hollis. He was
remanded till this day (Tuesday). Mr. Beardsworth was com-
plimented by the magistrate for the singu:ar courage and pre-
sence of mind he had displayed. His coolness is, indeed, re-
markable; for by capturing the prisoner without assistance he
saves the reward offered by himself, and becomes entitled to
the £lOO offered by the Bank of England. The prisoner is
supposed to be the tome person who paid a forged £5O note to
Mr. Hawley, the jeweller; besides which, it is expected that
other charges will be brought against him of a similar nature.—
Since writing the above we have collected additional parti-
culars, which give considerable importance to the transaction.
The officer employed is Gardiner, of Bow-street, who, notwith-
standing the systematic taciturnity of the prisoner, has, by
great exertion and ingenuity, obtained his real name and ad-
dress. On searching his lodgings, No. 11, Shaftsbury-terrace,
Pimlico, he found a portanantua; in this were a forged £5O
and £lO note, a genuine £5 note, and the apparatus for com-
mitting the forgeries, including a fine hair pencil, gum-water,
&c.; from this, it is presumed that the "five" and "ten" are
'cut out of good notes, and the "fifty" introduced from some
Bank of Fashion notes. The Bank of England has long been
on the look-out for the prisoner, who has uttered forged notes
to a large amount. It is' suspected that he is connected with
a gang of forgers inrFrauce. The prisoner is about five feet
ten inches in height; at Birmingham he had black hair and
whiskers, which have faded to a kind of carroty gray. He has
severally passed as Mr. Hickman and Capt. Harcourt, but his
real name is 'l'hos. Pelham Hollis.—Times.

NEWHAVEN, Nov. 22.--The galliot Dolphin, from Marennes for
Bergen, has been detained, and sent in here, by the Stork, revenue
cutter.

FURTHER DETENTIONS OF DUTCH VESSELS.---The Dolphin, Bak-
her, from Marennes to Bergen, has been sent into Newhaven ; the
Atalanie from Surjnam to Amsterdam, has been sent into Scilly.
PORTSMOUTH, Nov. 22.---S.E. The Dutch ship, Regersdaal, Capt.
Zaarlan, from New York to Amsterdam, has been detained and
brought in here, by his Majesty's ship Conway.

DEAL, Nov. 22.---S.E. by S. The French armed steamer, Castor,
of six guns, sailed about noon to the southward. His Majesty's ,thips
Spartiate and Rover, with the French ships La Sufirein and Melpo-
mene, remain. Arrived from the river and sailed the Dryad,
for New South Wales, also several outward bound. Arrived the Me-
.
dora, Coward, from Jamaica. Herd.

THE TOMBS OF FOX AND PITT.

By Sir Walter Scott.)

To mute and to material things
New life revolving summer brings ;
The senial call dead Nature hears,
And in her glory re-appears.
gift oh r my Country's wintry state,
What send spring shall renovate ?
Whit powerful' call shall bid arise
The buried warlike and the. wise ;
The mind that thought for Britain's weal,
• The hand that graspal the victor steel ?
The vernal sun new life bestows
Even on the meerrest flower that bIoeTS ;
But.vainly, vainly may he shine
Where Glory weeps o'er NELSON'S shrine,
And vainly pierce the solemn g,loom,
That shrouds., 0 PITT, thy tiallow'd tom _6
Met graved in every Brifish heart,
0 never let those names depart !
Say to your sons,—Lo I lire his grave,
Who victor died on Gadite wave;
TO him as to the burning leein,
Short, bright, resistless course was given ;
Where'er his country's foes were found,
Was heard the fated thiinder's sound,
Till burst the bell on pander shore,
Roil'd, blazed,: destroy'd,._and was no more.
Nur mourn ye less his periali'd worth,
Who bade the conqueror go forth,
And lieunch'd that thuuderbolt of war
Oh Egypt, Hada (*), Trafalgar ;
Who, 'born to guide such high ernprize,
For Britain's weal was early wise ;
Alas ! to whom the Almighty gave,
For Britain's sins, an early grave ;
His worth, who, in his mightiest hour,
A bauble held the pride of power,
Spurn'd at the sordid lust of pelf,
And served hie Albion foi-herSelf ;
Who; when the frantic crowd amain
Ekrain'd at subjection's bursting rein,
O'er their wild mood full Conquest gain'd,
The pride, he would out crush, restrain'd,
Sliew'd their fierce zeal a worthier cause,
And brought the freeman's arm to aid the freeman's laws.
Had'st thou but lived, though stripp'd of power,
A watchman on the lonely tower,
Thy thrilling trump had roused the land,
When fraud or danger were at hand ;
By thee, as by the beacon-light,
Our pilots had kept course aright ;
As some proud column, though alone,
Thy strength had propp'd the tottering throne ;
Now is the stately column broke,
The beadori-lightis quencli'd 'us smoke,
The trumpet's silver sound is still,
The warder silent on the hill !
Oh, think, how to his latest day,
When death, just hovering, clann'd his prey,
With Palinure's uealterd mood,
Firm at his dangerous post he stood ;
Each call for needful rest repell'd,
With dying hand the rudder held,
Till, in his fall, with fateful sway,
The steerage of the realm gave way !
Then, while on Britain's thousand plains,
One unpolluted church remains,
Whose peaceful bells never sent around
The bloody tocsin's maddening sound,
But still, upon the hallew'd day,
Convoke the swains to praise and pray ;
While faith and civil peace are dear,
Grace this cold marble with a tear,
He who preserved them, PITT, lies here !
Nor yet suppress the generous sigh
Because his Rival slumbers nigh ;
Nor be thy requiescat dumb,
Lest it be said o'er Fox's tomb.
Fur talents Mourn, untimely lost,
When best employed, and•wanted most :
Mourn geirlds high, and tore profound,
And wit that loved to play, not wound ;
And all the reasoning powers divine,
To penetrate, resolve, combine ;
And feelings keen, and fancy's glow,—,
They sleep with him who sleeps below !
And, if then mourn'st they could not save
From error hiin who owns this grave,
Be every harsher thought suppress'd,
And sacred be the last long rest..
Here, where the end of earthly things
Lava heroes, patriots, bards, and kings ;
Where stiff the hand, and still the tongue,
Of those who fought, and spoke, and sung ;
_Here, where the fretted aisles prolong
The distant notes of holy song,
As if some angel spoke agen,
" Al peace on earth, good-will to men ;"
If ever from an English heart,
O, Mr'e let prejudice depart,
And, partial feeling cast aside,
• Record that Fax a. Briton died !
WherrEurope crouched to France's yoke;
•
And Austria bent, and Prussia broke,
And the firm Russian's purpose brave
Was barterd by s.tithorous slave,
Even then dishonour's peace he spurn'd,
The 'sidled olive-branch rdtirrn'd,
Stood for hist country's glory fast,
And nail'd her cobaurs to the mast !
Heaven, to reward his firmness, gave
A portion in this honour'd grave.
And refer held marble in its trust
Of two such Wondrous wee the dust.
With More than mortal towers enclow'd,
How high they soard above the crowd I
Theirs was no common party race,
Jostling by dark intrigue for place ;
Like fabled gods, their mighty war
Shook realms andliations ei its jar •
Beneath each banner pronti•to Staid,
Look'd up the holiest of the htnd,
Till through the-British world were known
The names of PITT and Fox alone.
Spells of such force rie wizard grave
framed in &Ai Thessalian cave,
Thotigh hid eefilti drain the ocean dry,
And force the planets froth the sky.
These spellsare spent, and, spent with these,
The wine of life is on the lees.
GehlteS, do taste, and talent "one,
For ever tondfdlieneath the sterte,
'Where—taming thought to human pride !
The tnighty Chiefs asleep side by slide:
Drop upon Fox's grave the tear,
'Twill trickle to his rival's bier ;
O'er Pier's the mournful requiem sound,
And Fox'S shalithe notes rebound.
The solemn echo seerns to cry,—
" Here let their discord with their die.
:VA not fur those a separate doom,
,\ horn Fate made Brothers in the tomb ;
But search the land of living men,
Where wilt thou find their like agen 1"

' Copenhagen.

LORD' SANDON'S ELEC:11011L

TO THE EDITOR OF THE' LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

SlR,—Being in the habit of looking into tiiat part of the press
of this great town, for that instruction, in political which it so
gratuitously and indefatig-ably tenders to its readers. have
been, latterly, mach struck with the assiduity of its- abuse of
Lord Sandon. Article afte-r article have- been devoted to the
exposure of his demerits; to' the.setting fbrth, by contrast, of the
immense superiority, in every respect, of his colleague Mt.
Ewart, and to all the advantages which the community may
look for from the substitution (if it can be aceomplished.): of a
practical Merchant, Mr. Thomas Thoraely, for one Who is
termed an ignorant scion- of the aristocracy. The motives or
these writers it would be, of course, preSttraptuous to question,
but the object of so mad niay- be pi*surrictl not wiry im-
portant but difficult. If Lord 'C,andon, c-oniparittively un-
known, on a recent contest put Mr. Thornely, in four hours, in
a minority of 9iNl;, these best of all possill: instructors -May tvell
consider their present task aa arduouS one, being ,nothing
than to convince a very enlightened constituency, that a must
able and indefatigable representat,ive is, when knor.a its such,
unworthy the confidence bestowed on him wlien a stranger.
But being a plain man, and rather suspicious of nien's asser-
tion's, I. shalt put to the test of more particular inquiry tiwse
accusations against Lord ffandon, which are
Ist. That he has not had the good' fortune to Have been born'
in, Liverpool.
2d. That he is not a Liverpool merchant.
34. That he has had the disadVanttage riot only to have been
born in the aristocracy, but to have received- and to have pro-
fited by a liberal edacation.
4th. That during hiS representation of this place he has re-
fused to bind himself implicitly to the ear of the minister, and
• has dared to think for himself.
These charges•being, unhappily; WO trae, and, therefore, in-
capable of contradiction, it only remains for me to eadeavour. to
extentate their gravamen. '
In the guilt of the two first charges he ha..the mi'sfOrtnneto
participate with oar, late lamented' representatives Canning and
and if look to the manner of 'their return when
opposed, their estimation when living; and the regret fir them
dead, it does not appear that, heretofoi-e, these 'have been
!deemed serious disqualifications in this place.
But, in fact, unless the eXchiSive diredida of tlie mind to one
object, and one Only be held, the best' preparation for the dit-
ties of a kgiskttor on all the varied subjects which, in this great
empire, must be presented to his consideratibn, would yeti-
!tare to exptese my doubt, whether a life froni the age of 13 to
54 devoted exclusively to OOtairterte,, and to one branch only,
(the American trade;) withont the advantap of a liberal edn-
cation previously,_ will confer air the. quaiincationg which the
representative in Parlianierit or this great community may be
required to possess. As Ido not think- tinfaVourahiy of Mr:
Thornely persanally,-I shalt not allude to the posSibilify of his
having any nattere bins to the interests of his 'hest customers,
should these happen to clash with those of his country or eon-
stitterity; but I think it must be ad'initterf by even the most
prejudiced, that a liberal education, good talents and habits, of
application, which have neVbf been denied', eve* Fry the oppo-
'flats of Lord Sandon, and which we know Min to possess, hold'
out aS•gocid a prospect 'of an efficient representative as the ne-
cessarily confined' Of a inn of bresiness, thoirgh- a practi-
cal one, can proMise. The habits of interednrse- with oliicial
men, and' the weight Which most attatli to his tank of life, sup-
p‘orted, as with him, by a very high eharatter' in society, have.
probably been found in the case of Lord S'''andon, not to de-
tract from the influence which the representation of Liverpool
ought to possess. And in his eleniption from hit:al and per-
sonarpartialities and prejudices' we mast endeavour to excuse.
['Lewd Sanclon fltt his probable iniaequaintance with the current
prices and relative value Of 13Oweds and Orleans.
With respect' to the fourth allegation against' him', nerd' San-
don' has supported R'efOrm independently, riot His Majesty's
Ministers implicitly; he has supported it in all in great es-
sentials, as considering it the adjustment of the question,
and with the hope' as expressed by the ministers, that it
may fire found, by the" temoti,al of defects, to. give stability and
vigour to the trunk. Arid; mr. Thornely, or any other op-
ponent, shalt challenge the support of the enlightened and, loyal
town of Liverpool by the avowal of a desire for such further'
changes as would overturn and uproot this venerable tree, he
cannot, by such means endeavour to obtain even their sup-
port. But Ido persuade' myself, that peace abroad, economy-
;xt home, the abotition of every restriction on commerce, and
the- termination of negro slavery so soon as it can be rendered
compatible with justice and humanity, will ever find in Lord
Sandon a warm and strenuous supporter, and he will leave to
his opponents' whatever advantage they can• derive in this cu-
lightened community, from any avowal they may make of a
reacliness to go forward to precipitate and more extensive inuo-
vations.--Yoars, &c. VINDEX,

MR. THORNELPS ADDRESS.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STaNDARD.

SlR,—Before fulfilling my promise of returning to the consi-
deration of the remaining items of Mr. Thornely's address, al-
low me to congratulate yon, the public, and the public's cause,
on the manly, and straight-forward manner in which you- have de-
clared your determination to support our excellent Church
Establishment, regardless of the shafts of a Radically Dissent-
ing local press, not in the least intimidated by the circumstance
of making your first appearance in times rife with discontent,
as well with our religious as civil polity.
Let us now turn our attention to that paragraph in which
Mr. Thornely tells us that " to abolish pensions will be among
the most important objects of a Reformed Parliament." I Will
not now occupy your valuable space With a repetition of the
absurd arguments which tell us that the retired servants of the
public deserve no remuneration for the services which they
may have rendered to the country, but will merely show the
inconsistency of this vaunted hero of political perfection with
himself.
Premising, then, that Mr. Thornely's object in "renewing
his offers of service to the electors" of this town, is that he may
be one of that illustrious body (which, by the Way, constituted as
he would wish, is, it is to be hoped, destined to exist nowhere;
save in the heated and confused brains of himself and 'his
brother Radicals,) who, as if by a magician's wand, are to
change and remodel the constitution of this mighty empire,
effecting these innovations by mob influence, and bringing for-
ward, in extenuation of their revolutionary inroads, arguments
such as those afforded by the Bristol riots, which were alluded
to as unanswerable proofs that the country was anxious for the
bill; when, by means of a pOWerful press, paid to teach sedition
and run down everything that savours of obedience to the laws,
the scum of a large town, who had been reading for the last
year, in houses licensed to sell beer, that the rich are the oppres-
sors of the poor, were stirred up, and, by the training of a few
chairmen of political unions, sufficiently organised to burn,
pillage, and destroy a fine and flourishing city : premising, I
say, that it is Mr. Thornely's aim to be One of this body, it is
of course his aim to abolish pensions. Now he can defend this
spoliation of the servants of the public, their widows and or-
phans, oil no other plea than that of the most rigid economy.
tiow then does this rigid economist account for his support of
that " great measure" which has created, by its single enact-
ment, three hundred new places' the duties of which have, for
some time past, been performed at the trifling expense to the
country of jitietin hundred guineds per diem and etceteras?
How can he ave any affection for that Government who stand
convicted of having taken some odd shillings from the salaries
of excisemen and starving clerks in public offices, by which we
individually gain sundry farthings, and of raising the house
duties to a degree altogether without precedent, by which our
purses are disburthened of 'a good many pounds ?

Enough-of this.—What claims on the electors of Liverpool,
has he for his free trade paragraph ? Let those versed in such
matters determine. Let bun beware, however, of treading in
the footsteps of Ministers, and, in pursuance f the Whig sys-
tem of oppressing colonies, let him not hope fer the support,
of an enlightened community, by such measures as the taxation
of the Cape wine of the humbler tradesman, that they may re-
lieve the claret of the most worthy gentleman, to the ruin of
our own grower.
If Mr. Thornely will only judge impartially, and act up to
his declarations on the slave question, that highly respectable
and influential body, the Westlndian merchants, will have less I
cause of complaint than his own friends, who must of necessity
upbraid him with departing from their favourite inaxini—of de_
ciclin upon the merits of a question when only in possession of
ex-parte and garbled evidence.

His attack on chartered bodies, and more especially on the
munificent corporation of this town, is worthy of this modest
candidate. _

It now remains for us to consider his opinions on education.
For sometime I was loth to suppose he could wish for this
country the adoption of a system such as our blundering
and sabbath-breaking Government have introduced into the
'sister country; but, when a placard appears on the walls of our
town, holding up Lord iandon to the obloquy and contempt of
" Christians,' ter opposing the mutilation of the sacred text,
we can no longer doubt that it is Mr. Thornely's wish to see in
operation here a system having for its basis that "toleration of.
religious opinions', which is evinced by taking passages apart
from the contex.t, and re-translating those texts which uphold,
all their purity, the tenets of the Reformed Church of Eng-

land and Ireland, to succumb to the views ot' the enemies of re-
ligion and the votaries of a creed fuunded on reason apart from
revelation! !!
Passing from the • consideration of this to the next sentence,
we find him declaring his conviction that " all taxes which
tend to limit the diffusion of knowledge should be repealed at
the earliest possible period." Here I would remark, that in
this age, when the fashion is to underrate the talent and exer-
tions of the educated and higher classes of society, and it is
supposed that all the. "mind" is to be found in the lowest, I
cannot help thinking that much harm is threatened- to them
both by the extent to which education is now carried, as the
system has gone too far. I wish no useful light to be extin-
guished. Let the persons who wish for education receive it.
`But it appears to me that, in our large towns, it is forced upon
the population ; and that sciences which, at best, the lower
!classes can only very superficially acquire, and political know-
ledge which they have not time to study, are improperly pre-
' senoad to them, in consequenco of which they often become idle
and conceited above their usual. laborious occupation. The
unripe fruit of the tree of knowledge is always bitter or sour,
and. scepticism and di4content—sickuesses of the Mind—are
on en the resuitof devouring it. To those, such as Mr. '1 hornely,
•U ho doubt the above, 1 would recommend an anecdote, which,
if properly applied, may be instructive.—when Diogenes,
trampling. with his dirty feet on the embroidered couch of
Plato, cried out, "'Thus do I trample on the pride of Plato!"
the philomplier shook his head. and. replied, " Truly, but with
More pride thou dust it, good Diegenes. '
Ta. offer a word on the paragraph of the address-affecting his
religious tenets, after the luminous manner in which you have
already shown his unfitness to represent a. Protestant and 'Tri-
nitarian, and, I may add, eivir-ecclesiastic, community, would
betoken- as much presumption in' me -as Mr. Thornely has
evinced in coming forward as a candidate for the representa-
tion of that people " among whom he was born," and who,
thanks to. this circumstance, know sufficient of his principles
to, revolt at the, idea of returning this supporter of false and un-
constitutional freedom (which,. therefore, is unworthy the at-
tention of any. but those who prefer an immediate and jteeting
Won to a Jived and moderate good,) as their represeutatiire 14
Patliament.—Yours,
Nov. 24th, /832.

CONSERVATOR.

LORD SANDON'S CANVASS.

TOIIR. JOSEPH PRNILINGTON:
have read with astonishment a paragraph in the Jour-
nal Qf Saturday, and, a letter in the Albion of to-day, accusing
me of having used threatening language towards you, in order
to extort the promise of a vote in favour of Lord Sandon. If
your assertions were correct I might let them pass; but as they
are false, I cannot, in justice to the causes which I advocate,
permit the public. to be so• misled at a moment like the present.
I therefore beg, Sir, when you instruct the editor of a paper to
notice. a private conversation, or trouble yourself by writing a
letter, that you. will adhere to facts.—l am your's, Sce.
therton, -Nov. 26th, 1.832. JOHN SHAND.

THE POST-OFFICE.

TO. THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANIMRD.

Sin,-Permit me to avail myself of your columns to notice the
disgraceful manner in which letters are served at the stranger's
window, to that portion of the public who do not think it abso-
lutely necessary to hire a " box" from the Post-master, and be-
ingmyself one of that number, with the advantage of a long ex-
perience, I flatter myself that I am adequate to a performance
of the task.

When a new clerk is engaged for the office, totally unac-
quainted with the routine of business, he is first placed at the
" stranger's window" to be initiated in the " mysteries of his
•
arf," and the' consequence is, that from his inexperience the
crowd accumulate before the window much more rapidly than
he is able to satisfy' them. In addition to this he has to receive
pwvment, for such letters as are intended to be "post paid,"
which, not unfrequentiy proves a great source of delay. In
short, the duty he has to perform is more than sufficient tor any
clerk, however competent he may be, by experience, to its dis-
charge ; but, however, if such an individual, a sharp clever
young man, were placed in the situation, or the same one al-
lowed- to remain after he had acquired a knowledge of it, instead
of being removed to serve at the "boxes," it would remove one
well-grounded cause of complaint, for I candidly declare, (and
it is well known to those who attend the first delivery in the
morning,) it is utterly impossible to obtain letters without, at
least, tisa minutes delay, even then at the hazard of a torn coat;
and nut unfrequently have I waited, as I see many others, more
than a quarter of an hour before I could venture to approach
the window with any chance of success, which, in rainy wea-
ther, without any protection, is by no means an agreeable treat.
I hope there will not be any need of further notice, but that the
good sense of Mr. Banning will immediately suggest to him a
remedy, which he, as well as the public, must clearly perceive
is much needed.—Yours, &c. A.
November Uth, 183'2.
