4
. .
,--:-
1.54 THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD. bomigiki,..imeme
,
...- _ ..„ _ _ - -- . The place-hunting whig
? Insisters affect much comi
a the
TELT. Z. 0 ..tt,7 1.5. ON .11:1745g. the billy-spinner take the billy- Have not the negroes land- cause will be warmly espoused. If they engage in it success is enemies of a measure which is the law of the land
of Ireland.
roller and rap them on the to cultivate for themselves, of certain. We will not doubt, for a moment, that they will. man dares to question their .loyalty,—no man darend d•
---
head, making their heads crack which they have the sole bene- Why should the master manufacturers, who suffer from the israemberina• nrocem
ENGLISH FACTORY CHILDREN WEST INDIA SLAVERY. question their fidelity to thei overeign •; and, nor they a
affairs .
so that you might have heard fit ?—All of them, except, as I competition of unabridged labour, stand aloof ? Our interests o, ley assume an air of ei
that loyalty and fidelity, they a bound to respectlas the overwhelming •
The Duke of Manchester was recently examined be- the blow at the distal-ice of six mentioned in Vere, where the are one. Let our masters join us—let amity and a good un- maj_(2
fore a committee of the House of Lords on the subject of or eight yards, in spite of the laud would not suit for provi- derstanding prevail. If their feelings have been wounded by do respect, the laws which are t forced in the
slavery in the West Indies. The noble Duke was for din and rolling of the ma- gem; everywhere else, I be- the coarse vehemence of the agonised and uneducated opera- name. Why, therefore, are they'slandered by a clay they,
Kllle new parliament. " T
chinery. Knew a boy of the lieve, almost, the land suits; tive, who sees his children destroyedbefore his eyes, they might
nearly twenty years Governor of Jamaica, during the ling slave, who has, for many years, howled in the te Co
whole of which period, with the exception of tWo years name ofh Senizrihehdisi!,chaoolyoewl- and in some places they have easily frame an excuse for those who have been so trampled
provision lands in the country, under foot, and left by excessive toil, a prey to the darkest ig- of every minister ? Oh, the thins, is plain enough namons—their. propo
'O, and the question of re]
and a half, he was resident-upon the island: His- grace foil' wthewbuislly-rolleny Awe- some further from the estates, norance. The best balm for their wounded feelings would be in obedience to orders. The noble premier wished isteri Icalculations coul(
a
has accordingly had ample opportunities of witnessing man, in Holmforth, was also and some nearer • but they a Ten Hour Bill." of his needy creatures to be returned, and the pe "win have. no p
Scotland spurned the proposition. The reforming ended un them would
the treatment of the slaves, of acquiring the most cor- beaten to death with this instru- have all land, and produce We have not room for many extracts ; but we cannot le enough. But is an 01
nister—the pure whig—the non-interfering earl f
• rect information, and instructing parliament upon those meni, with which the factory of it is their own solely.
omit the following, which is of the highest practical im- - the Government a math
points which have too long, and for factious purposes, children are oftener beaten statesman who delights in independence and a free
Do they not raise le
than with either stick or strap. much more than they require portance :—unbiassed suffraste—yes, murder will out—has been L
onday- last that three ou
been grossly misrepresented in this country. Saw another child, whose name for the use of themselves and "And need we ask our brethren, the operatives, to aid us ? e, Lo don took orders u
We have been at the pains to contrast the evidence ofthey We would not do them such injustice. They know, and they pering with the noble electors, and has failed, eith
is not given, struck in the face their families, and which /owed themselves the a
the noble Duke respecting "Black Slavery" in the West until his nose bled profusely. sell for their own benefit?— only, how deep the evil which we all seek to cure. Their be- bribe or threat, to soften or intimidate the peers of hick the Ministers are
Indies, with some portions of that recently published re- These beatings usually occur- Yes; almost all the markets, some beat with high feelings of liberty, and they cannot bear to Holyrood. The noblemen returned are the most i
lative to "White Slavery "in the factories of England, red at the latter end of the day, with regard to the poultry, see their little darlings slaves. We, therefore, take courage : pendent peers of Scotland. All the needy, all the ate Wood, and Key w:
were sleepy small stock and corn and yams, Britons will help us—Christians will hel us—God will hel us •
and to which we most earnestly invite the attention of fatigued.awnhsiechil.dre
Nuo inquiry wa and things'of that kind, were —our cause shall prevail. We hope P P vile, all the M‘Sarcasms have been rejected, and h lilting •
we shall yet see our chain- ng the passing of the
the reader. He must have a hard heart indeed who can made into the case of the little almost invariably supplied by pion, Mr. Sadler, pleading our cause and that of our children in the vulgar threats and the inflated insolence of the t allied do the minister:
• peruse this evidence without feelings of shame and in- girl who had the billy-roller the negroes ; and the Sunday his country's senate. Our last hope, however, rests upon its spit journalist. One word more, and we have done•lls
d the most useful tools
little less of this overbearing and revolutionary es of independence. Ti
dignation. On the one hand, he will see the negro in Jammed through her cheek— market is almost entirely a ne- justice. It cannot be refused."
the enjoyment of every comfort which good clothing, they are such common cases gro market for that purpose.
The ministerialists and mill tyrants of Leeds have all would be more conducive to the interests of our morelle,
they they pass without o
bser- Does the owner ever inter- have resolved to fle(
medical attendance, abundance of food, and an adequatewithsuch • h the responsibility of excluding Mr. Sadler from Parlia- contemporary. Men of all ranks are sick of it. It evirla i
yation. It is a common prat- fere
f4rota the Whig admiral, an
superannuated allowance in old age, can confer. On. tice to strike the children with any acquisitions of his slaves? ment, and therein, as far as they could, defeating the a narrow and malignant feeling. It is easy to print no
the other, lie will observe the white slave, in this land the billy-roller.' Hundreds up- —1 never heard of an instance hopes of the noble people whose appeal we are consider- bish in the shape of an attack on the peerage, but alidsp-
pave the way for unis
of liberty and Christianity-=this land of bibles, poor- on-hundreds could be brought of it. ing. Let the ministerialists and mill tyrants retain all party who makes the attack is not invulnerable. ot, s
- at is not these honor
laws, hospitals and charity schools—immured at a ten- to swear that the practice was What are the ideas which,
the glory of preserving sacred from the intrusion of hu- could repay the insolence,—but—pshaw !—it is not w
cahgenteera , 1 one and that the in your grace's opinion,the 'le-
der age in an unhealthy and abominable factory, dragged br d°- h to tfi t m inanity, their Gehenna "besmeared with blood our while.—Guardian and Public Ledger. oaar are tell:
irstaciol
nt(1:
jet i
osl
ild nso beaten were in gmes attac e enn e an-or sixty English and
out of bed six hours before dawn of a winter morning for two or three days. If any cipation ?—To have nothing to Of infant sacrifice and parents' tears," compelled by their can
by the terror of the lash, severely beaten for the slightest attempt is made to punish the do, I believe; not be obliged to
Let not the conservative party—let no single censer- IRELAND. ti the movement factiol
fault, half-starved, rarely allowed any relaxation, denied overlookers, the children are work, I should say.
v. ati.v.e diminish the ministerialists'.. and mill tyrants'. glory The proclamation of Mr. O'Connell, for so we enty of the Irish member
a sufficiency of sleep;. kept at an irksome toil for seven- sure to be discharged. These Does your grace not know
ere in this ex log, b arum anon in the most minute de- call it to " the eo le of Ireland "is a "state aer
teen hours a day, till every faculty of the mind and body' atrocities took place in Mr. that there are
_instance w p y p p . , . .p p , p p *Will form. a rather fon.
gree. They who excluded Mr. Sadler from Parliament, no ordinary importance, emanating as it does, in
Brown's mill of Leeds. Has they possessed large numbers
is destroyed, and the unpitied creature sinks into an s • '
seen children of the age of of horned stock,
which fed gra- did • -
d their utmost to exclude his bill—they who wish to present alarming crisis of Irish affairs, from the Iles But even admitting flu
res of his Majesty's. Mn
early and unknown grave. On the one side is a perfect seven years going from their tuitously on the property of . . .
D mote the success of that bill, will aid heart and hand the efficient executive of that country—under whos ° muster a considerable 3
picture of happiness in humble life—on the other one of homes at five and six, and their masters ?—Certainly, as ..I.°
to in giving it the advantage of the benevolent author's ac- thority a sort of national convention is now assembl mount to—what would t
upsnitigated misery, of horrid barbarity, and unrelenting sometimes four and five, to to some; I cannot speak .
Mr. Sadler
their
cruelty. For more than thirty years have a certain par- mills. Children of this large numbers,. but 1 . know teal superintendence.
tendevage often work till ten there are instances of their hay- for the very next vacancy that shall occur, no matter tary Viceroy and his Privy Council from the one
ty in this country, who call themselves philanthropists', on a • , •
winter s night. They •such
lug stock. where, and whatever self-styled conservative shall oppose duties of government. iesitdrasco.tfe: bre:ratnl:ei. factious
'Connell and his gang ?
been denouncing slavery in our transatlantic t him, willprove that he loves thegratification of his own colonies, have no time allowed for break- To what class of slaves does
thrusting in our faces the blood- stained whip, and the fast or for tea. The 40 minutes your grace allude, when you .
vanity or ambition, much more than the romotion of the - • morons that the bat;
nderstanding that it is r
heavy manacle, as emblems of colonial authority, and fm• dinner is their only time state that, in some instances, . .. . p ss ere not too melancholy to become a subject of mi
to observe in the work of Irish agitation, the sa If ties
taxing the sympathy of the weak, the credulous, and the tar rest, and then they are often the slaves have large stock as interests of his party, of his country, or of humanity it-
tender-hearted, in order to raise a fund to emancipate employedeine in cleansing the ma- their property ; whether the self.—Standard.
Has seen children common field negroes, or head man one day throwing the firebrand among the peolitr
eers, and levy contributi
the negro from that state of suffering and degradation going home on cold winter men, and drivers, or trades- and the next lina• the water ermine as if with
a ,
most anxious solicitude to extinguish the flames vrl9o°l.
ganize the peasantry, s
which it is proved by the evidence of the Duke of Man- 'lights attenandeleveno'clock. men?—l do not know parti- THE IRISH "NATIONAL COUNCIL."
foe British Parliament.
chester be does not endure. The enthusiast has de- Knows the wife of Jonas Bar- cularly as to tradesmen, but of As we expected, Mr. O'Connell's Council is assuming lie had been too successful in kindling. This two- .0
claimed, the empiric has slandered, the alms-box has gone rowcliff, near Scoles ; her child course belonging to the supe- in form and spirit all the character of a real legislature. office the Irish " Liberator " performs with an ene f rebels a
g, the armies o .
for class to the industrious ne- debated upon precisely as of inconsistency that would appear but dramatic hy • I.lteliding
the moral force that c:
Grievances are submitted and
its quarterly or yearly round, and the gentle sex, with works atilansiislletw yeaTilfdroruei..
goons; oes; be'cause the better negro nth - while, the t
e mean
their eyes filled with tears, have contributed their turningun from'ewourk at ten and orr more industrious than would in Parliament ; and the proceedings are reported, and fill bole if introduced in a farce ; yet to those who look ,
mite for the "poor dear negro;" and vet, all the while, eleven at night in the winter. acquire thc property; if he was up the columns of, the next day's . eat, and the apathy api
paers, with the same yond the surface of things it is but an apparent incons fe
their ramificat
fear on the part of the es
there were thousands and tens of thousands of English The mother told him that one an idle negro he would not get dilation-and punctuality. And why not? It may be re- ency. When Mr. O'Connell perceives that his agitat
children, of English girls, of our boaSted "free-born sons morning that winter the child wherewith to purchase such plied, have not the people a right to explain themselves to speeches have wrought the feelings and passions of terror.ofeiscontented, and spiii
got up at two o'clock in the stock. „ their representatives ? No doubt they have; but not populace to a high degree of excitement, and that it O'Connell..
and daughters," wasting, pining and dying, in those
living tombs called factories, in those manufacturing pest- morning when ft had only r- Do not the slaves often travel precisely in the manner described, or in any other more than probable they will expose -themselves to essors are willing bi
aft many mi es as many as ravel rived ffo'ne work at eleven '
houses, and enduring wrongs a million times more atro- had to go two miles to the mill, 10 to 25, to attend the markets? which may affect the deliberative character of a legsla- dangers of reducing seditious theory into practice,
cious than any ever heard of in the Western Colonies. and there to wait until the Yes, certainly. tive chamber. The intention of all this, as we have al- on the character of " pacificator." He issues pro. ons of people. In this
be . ageii but quailing before
The Duke of Manchester states that the slaves in Jamaica overlooker came to open the dust they not return the ready observed, is self-evident : the National Council, in mations to authorise obedience to the laws of the I• be
of Ireland upon Englanc
live to a greater age than is known in any other country. door. This arose from her same day,iftl
of
t the riskot? of Ent i
tte- the estimation of the bulk of heated and loosely informed yet in the very sedatives which he applies by the wa Isioat helavier bludrtdhenotiowur
Few of them die young. Eighty is not considered ex- itiiiioethferarhaernbge.net: 1 classes, will gradually be deemed the only genuine Irish counteracting his own stimulating potions there is alw
~, beaten e
for name day; yof course they must
treme age. Numbers, says the noble Duke, live to up- being too late.l , Children are be the same day at their work; Parliament. This would be mischievous enough even something so exciting, that the draught, which is presen titteiroeudo lian dw theo landlord e_
wards of 100, 110, 120, and some to near 150 years. often absent from their homes that is to say, suppose they are were the aforesaid council any. thing but a mere club of for the avowed purpose of producing repose, often ous s farmer murdered
What a contrast is this to human life, or rather human sixteen hours ; they can rarely away the Saturday and Sunday, partizans ; but as it is, the injurious effect will be ten- asperates the delirium of the distracted patient. T'
misery, in the factories of England! We are confident have six hours' sleep. Knows they must be at their work on fold. The very spirit of its purpose is to elicit all sorts his present proclamation, to pacify the rural distur, bandse so, lulle green fie
of
the
a effectual s al
of ex- ante statements in the way of hardship and griev- of the "Green Isle," keeps perpetually in view the i in g s'
of sava ea and al
that no one person in twenty, reared in these mills, and children from six to twelve the Monday morning; b.thut
years of age. who have been there is no interference with p
and to diffuse the same all over the country, with tating topic of the repeal of the legislative Union
subjected to the treatment which the evidence discloses, working sixteen and seventeen the time of their coming home.
ever reaches fifty. The majority perish before thirty. hours a day. Does your grace think that the gracious attention paid to it by a native council as object the attainment of which, except by force, he ou; 111 barren the foot-marl
i to sterility, realizing t
We see females worked out before they have seen their What means were taken to an attorney who was notorious compared with the cold and more measured reception it to know is not practicable, and therefore it is vain to ! sio
twenty- third year, and consigned to the poor-house. keep the children awake and for treating slaves cruelly would will receive from the Imperial Parliament. Now all this, precate violence while that object is kept in view, ay' because . •
we venture to say, is as transparent as noon day; and so man consider tantamount to a dismemberment of ' ti it;
itsh this sbtaetteoloefraintesdetcue,i
Ministers have
We see mere children crippled for life and sent to the vigilant, especially at the ter- notbe immediately dismis.sed by
the slightest consideration of the process must convince British-em pire. ouse of Commons, IN
same place. 'We see wretched girls, from sheer exhaus- as
si
ynoautiohnavoef
dsuescchraihdeady;_s lialihoeurer his master ?—I should think so.
Do not you think that it
every reasonable person that a more specious means could Far be it from us to believe that Mr. O'Connell 01, uch better to remove
tion, and and with irons on their le,s, crawling on their was generally a blow, or a box, would be the master's interest
Lands and knees to bed. We reacrof infants beaten on or a tap. with a strap, or some- to dismiss him?—Certainly. not be easily found to commit the real legislature with' land altogether—much
From your grace's long ex- the. Irish community. We must not be mistaken : we re- any pleasure in the dreadful.scenes that now disgrace • ,
the head and the small of the back, and maimed and in- times with the hand. des 1 air after dri% ing- back t
Le t . years. . peat that we can see nothing in objection to the commu- o ate the greater and fairer portions of his coun hordes of Irish la-bourer.
Was very considerable se • - erience of twenty in-
capacitated from further labour before they are out of •
nication of grievance to a body of representatives , but but most assuredly the progress of rural outrages k • =hish la
their teens. We hear of vomits systematically adminis- ty used in that mill when you Jamaica, you na-a opportunities entatives pace with the energy of his agitation. Since the re,
71;ere there ?—Yes. of observing the age of the .
tered in order to drag from the stomach the flax-dust and Have you yourself been sub- slaves; what is your opinion every thing to a public deliberative treatment of them in lion of 1798 Ireland has never been in so excited and la therates_bzirz,timleailldurciii
connection, and lea
the accursedfuz of the mills. We read of boy's tied to jetted to it ?—Yes. respecting the comparative lon- a sort of senatorial masquerade. In fact it is an insidi- less a state as it is at present, although the great meal Is •
step in advance of the unions and conservative socie-e an awful alternative
men's backs and lashed with a strap till they are sense- Strapped ?—Yes. I was gevity. with nativessl of other ous of emancipation, which was said to be the panacea oft pas • and
ties, and, in the form adopted, utterly objectionable and evils
enormitysacrifice
made
less. And this, reader, is in England I This is in your setoraraPeaotniresats steovesritely toiall 1a I:eonunt,nes
I?
incompatible wills the subsequent due exercise of the ills of Ireland, has removed all those galling religie
own happy land of freedom! These horrid deeds arehalve kunowsnayseinveurcal
chair withoutu having pYllows, abger.loo, 110, 120, and I arid political distinctions which Mr. O'Connell and 1
perpetrated in the midst of your large towns, where the and I was forced to- lie upon knew one that was very near real legislative functions. Indeed, we can conceive no- brother agitators used to describe as the great cause hard s—n
necessity.—Guard
e ssi ty . G u a r t;
affluent revel in luxury, where the chapel stands near/the my face in the night-time at 150. There was another wo- thing less creditable, either in a ministerial or legisla- the discontent of the otherwise loyal, faithful, and pea THE POW
mill, where the office of the Bible Society is in view, and one time, and through that I man that was in Kingston I tive sense, than time existence of such an assumptive as-
sembly, which, in point of fact, would be as unbearable ble Roman Catholic population. It is remarkable enou , The Marquis Palme
where the zealot meets to weep over the miseries of the left. I was strapped both on heard of last year, died, ex- that a short time before that sudden conversion of Lanai
my own legs, and then I was seeding 150. under a republic as a monarchy—in America as in Ire Duke slave I And yet where is the matron or maid who put on a man's back, and then Has your grace seen many Duke of Wellington and Sir Robert Peel to the doctria., almost ever - man with
has shed a tear over the sufferings of these unhappy vie- strapped and buckled with two instances of slaves of the age land or Great Britain. Nor would this be much less the of the emancipationists, which will be the wonder of bli d
j -one beforehim. The
• tiros of slavery and free-trade ? Mrs. Fry visits New- straps to an iron pillar, and 80, 70, or 60?—Yes, many. case were the attendant persons composed of the mem-functions and retired fi
tory, the "Catholic Association" used as an argumey now reduced to a mi
gate to console the convicted shop-lifter, and solace the flogged, and all by one over- Upon many estates your bers of all parties; but being exclusively made up of
men avowedly engaged in a scheme to dismember the in favour of their claims, the historical fact, that the R French and English, wl
mDrderer in his last moments. The fashionable lament looker; after that he took a grace has visited have you seen
existing legi;lature, whatever the honest intentions of man Catholics gave their co-operation to the Engli hours say, and better k
other refuge for the
piece of tow, and twisted it in superannuated slaves comfort- • •
of the day is in favour of the criminal; the morbid phi- lie shape of a cord, and put it ably provided for.—Always •;
some of these parties—which we are not disposed to deny— minister in carrying the measure of the Union! I but too happy to be all(
lanthropist is lachrymose over the fate of some incendiary in my outh, and tied it be- they have their own houses. What does Mr. O'Connell now say ? Hear him in lid
felon who has been hanged, and the Benthamite moralist hind my head. Do you believe they are en- if allowed to proceed in their present career to the esta-
proclamation. " I am infinitely more anxious for tb good character and col
shudders at the bare mention of the gallows ! If these Did you see the usual vigour abled to increase the labour of blishment of a practice and a precedent, we hesitate not
sensitive persons were shut up in the factories of Leeds, and sprightliness of children in the. slaves
should
uset of
they
to anticipate a double portion of discord and embarrass- • •
ment as the rapidly ensuing consequence./ It is well 'repeal of the Union than I was for Emancipation. 111 i -slied for. The Mar qt
Ifr' Emancipation was because "ong felt his position t
them ?—No, . they were more whip ?—I sh Id _nee if principa anxiety o Catholic
Glasgow, and other places, only for a month, they would,that, owing to the forthcoming meeting of Parliament, ,- a
like dogs dosing upon a warm did not work the driver would it necessarily led the way to a repeal of the Union' ",11e, and the attempt 1
we calculate, return cured of their spurious benevo- hearthstone than like children. use his whip.
hence, and we should have them voting with us for the What were the hours of la- Do you believe that a female the first act of this farce must be necessarily brief,(4 of •
What will the Duke of Wellington, Sir Robert Peel Porto to make him th
imposition, that is, 1
and the large proportion of the bench of Bishops, vill,,
extinction of that system which is a disgrace to the bour at the flax-mill ?—The was ever flogged with a whip, and it will be surprising to us if the curtain be ever al • t, .
general run was from six to in order to make her keep up lowed to rise again to the same entertainment.—Globe.
nation. revenues
But we must not detain the reader longer. Let him nine,o and five to eight. and do equal work with the voted for unqualified concessions. as a "healing measure wine, the robbery of N
—as a final measure, say to this confession ot the secret the of an island •
"look upon this picture and upon that," and decide for w old was the child ? robust negro ?—No, Ido not
She- was then about 15 years know as to that; but I can THE SCOTS' REPRESENTATIVE PEERS. motive of Mr. O'Connell for pressing claims, the yield'
Ca
stormed and pillag
ing of which, he repeatedly declared, would commate Porto, completed the
himself:— of age. mention, from what I have A morning paper, which has long been distinguished
timelasting gratitude of the Roman Catholics, and lad spon a nobleman long
WHITE SLAVERY. BLACK SLAVERY. How did she bear that la- known, that very often there is for its factious politics and the violence of its vitupera- the foundation of the peace and prosperity of Ireland?, Leenaed in his diploma
Richard 'pastier, Esq.—Has How lon was o race bonr P—Th t her n a female at the head of the lions, was pleased to speak of the Scottish '
g yur g. . ey pu it. ,
.peerage in s . •
seen little boys and girls of ten Governor of the Island of Jae
preparing-room, and hacks gang, and the strongest gan . the following terms : Now he admits that he only wished for the settlement 0
1 °f tension so rigid as
.
years old, one in particular, maica, and when did you finally very bad effect upon her health; and they very often beat tin
"Thus has H . olyroodthouse become the last and only asylum that question as the stepping-stone to new and more dap' asunder,—the ties of d
whose forehead was cut open leave the island P—Varrived in they called it the carding-room. men ;—that 1 have seen re- ingerous agitation 1 Ftood and through evil
Great Britain for exiled divine right, royalty and Conserve-
by the thong ; whose cheeks Jamaica in March, 1808, and Did you find that she could peatedly. tf tue fortunes of a weak
tive nobility,—for
-
and lips were laid open, and I returned finally in June, 1827. bear that length of labour in the carding-room P—No 4he 4. . fraudulent 14113. d 1
action. v. ihet, indeed , and rft
whose back was almost covered I was off for eighteen months was generally sick every night; but whether well or na, we faction. >
Mr. O'Connell, and possessing the almost boundle9
"The patrician order, as an order, in Scotland, has given • 0 .Lie chief hand in getti
with black stripes. The same at one time, and •for twelve gave her a vomit once a week.influence which he does over the minds of the great ma tra .
•
child informed him that he had months at another; the rest Do you happen to know whether it is common or not, with , oun downfall, by such of his -flirinne comicall sti
an absurd resistance to the general feelings of the nation. .
countrymen, does not exercise those talents an p 6
been frequently knocked down of the time I was entirely on respect to children employed in certain departments of flax-ortugal are c
with the billy-rollev (a heavy the island. Public o mion will henceforward scarcely estimate its existence
mills •to give them vomits ?—Yes• it was in consequence of 13 . . .. . . that influence to produce the political repose of whit ~,. , mainly,
as an element
.in the social condition of that part of the island. Ireland has so much need, and without which it is int' '
toals into a course T of I;
rod of from two to three yards Has your grace any interest those' that had children in flax-mill's telling me they did so that
." An insignificant clique of some forty or fifty peers choose ochinations. We CI
long, and two inches in diame- in.roperty in the West Indies ? caused me to do it.—Guardian and Public Ledger. . ' Possible to take those wise and dispassionate measures
to assemble in the old palace of the Stuarts, and vote by a list 18 emancipation from
for the improvement of the internal policy of the country', 10
ter, with an iron pivot at each —Zs one whatever_ of sixteen of their number, that the nation is wren' g, and that re- 11 manacled his en
end, forming part of the ma- Did your grace's- observation TIIE BRITISH LABOURER'S FRIEND. form, so universally desired, is a calamity." which would unfold its resources, augment its mean* , g sing
Chinery,) and that on one oc- lead you to think there was an std among his f
ration he had been hung up insufficiency generally speak- We have great pleasure in • directing the attention of Whenever we see an unwashed patriot abusing a gen- and develope its capabilities forthecomfort and happineg tb
0 a high and perhaps
our readers to the address of the deleeates of the work- of the people. • The curse of absenteeism, which is 0 Iv
with a rope round the body, ing, of food ?—No, I never saw tleman in the street, we may take forgranted, that
lie •ith a weakness aim
and almost frightened to death, any, and Ido not think there ing manufacturers held at Bradford,' in Yorkshire, on either has an intention to rob him, or has been defeated Ireland, is. a easravated lisi
principal source of the evils of a a latia• surrendered his 1
for the most trivial mistakes in is any; whenever there has the 12th, 14th, and 15th, which we have extracted from in the attempt. Our
contemporary, addicted as he into the continuance of that agitation in the country whio inferior
his work. Has seen the bodies been any difficulty there has halfpenny
a periodical, called the " British Labourer'srenders both life and property insecure, and not only pre' b
minds—he ha
of these poor creatures almost been a failure and want of food
chess, is rarely so without an object, which he is careful Ursting the bonds w
Protector." vents capital from flowing into it, but actually drivesawai ‘N.
broken down so that they in consequence of drought, butto conceal. The House of Commons being now in the 9 arcs redeeming afa
could not walii: without 'assist- never froni any other cause; I The address is a most interesting document, full of asc;endanc it is deemed cl• y,
0 his late associattons ci
ance, when they have been never heard of any. eloquence, good sense, and truth, and considering the land to the perilous patriotism that would expose him
to dispense with the services of the upper house alto- The fate of• •
seventeen or eighteen years of What was your grace's ob- humble class' from which it proceeds, a miracle of good a reign of terror at home. P
age ; some who, after living all servation with, regaed to clot:1- writing; establishing, as far as it goes, a fact which we th The election of sixteen
ge er. conservative peers, con- a . Palmerston no longer
their lives in this slavery, were ing?—They have fully as much 1 trary to the expectations, and in defiance of the govern- Many and great, indeed,-are the abuses to be Corr c&
In the balance. The
consigned at that age to poor- axis required, according to the 'lave long suspected, namely, that the class of actual la- ment, is made the pretext for throwing out the hint, that in the internal polity of Ireland. For centuries no Turk" that it can hardly • rif
houses, and not maintained by climate; their allowance is de- hooters in this country now excel the classes just above the extinction
of their honours and privileges, and the ism province was worse governed. It was an unhapPi that the noble lord la
the masters for whom they had livered out. every year ; I can- them as much in intelligence and cultivation of mind as destruction of their patents of nobility, - that not acl
worked, as would have been not particularize what it is. So they have always excelled them in practical sense and about remedial measures for that country immediatell
The lords of the shop-o-cracy think this the proper time failure is a severe blc
the case had they been negro many suits -of one eurt of cloth, generous manly feeling. This, as our
readers will re- upon their coming into office. It would not then have
sla'ves; but by other people who and so ' many of another, as .. to make war upon the coronets, and reduce our nobility tensions would be a
_ member, is not the first time of our avowing this opinion.
had reaped no advantage from appeared to be gufficieht. e• to bondage like the peers of 'France. It is true, that been necessary to have such measures preceded by pour' the self-satisfied vat
their labour. ties your grace any observe_ We should like to see something in spirit or style equal whilst this system of vassalage is concocting, Lord Grey ing as great a military force into the country as if, after
ed and light-heeled I
Again:— tion to make with regard to the to the following, extracted from those volumes or crypts, is not remiss in adding to the exercising dominion there for six centuries, Great Brie rebound
members of the ra e •
, pee g ~foundthe In
from me s
Abr. Whitehead, clothier.— dwellings ?—The dwellings of where the genius of common councils and chandler's- • • •tam it necessary to reconquer it. It was also $
When children, after 13, 14, the negroes are in general re- . lie recorded, and we make time
shop meetings
but is it not possible that the noble earl, like some 13ar-and imposing tone.
,
lamentable error of government to oppose the proposi'
15, or 16 honrs Of labour, have, niarkably 6.6 d. Iliave been bar pirate, is only overloading his ship with prisoners, Whether the long
account of its affording the best sample of the elo- • tion for a statutable provision for the poor of Ireland Matte
in the extremity of their, have, in a great many of them but °n in order that it may sink the faster from its own gravi-rs and patchinl
tigue, fallen' into errors and they are sonic of them better quence of the address, but because it contains an appeal tation ? Every peer he makes is
age of Don 1\ li'll,
mistakes in piercing, by plat- than others, according to the which we are most anxious to reinforce :—thegeneral welfare t
support of a few Irish landowners to
"order "and an enem to the others. The leadin re-ed or not, it is
ing the cording obliquely, has disposition. Some neg-roes will ) "To the clergy we appeal with earnestness. Never are they ' . Y g of the people. Much might have been done, also, to give There was a time sl
looker, take his, strap or the exert themselves more, but in and whether they live in, or remote from manufacturing dis- bility ;it is only anxious that those so created should, , employment to the population of a country where aboaS been
welcomed. 13
hilly-roller, and say, " D—n general the negro houses are tricts, we most respectfully adjure them, by all the sacredness like the lean kind, devour the rest. But how is it known one-third of the land is yet uncultivated. If experiene, Stratford Canning,
thee ! close it, little devil, close good, certainly. ' of the office they sustain, to help our defenceless children with that the sixteen peers of Scotland are opposed to the
has made the government wiser, we hope Ireland will' backed by Louis 1-'ll
it !" and then smite the child. What is the description of their influence.'soon feel the substantial proofs fit by such measures ag la
measures of Lord Grey's government
? Has the noble ' le to accomplish i
with the strap or the billy-rol- medical care provided for the This is eloquence—a word could not be changed with- lord been sounding them, in otder to ascertain "the are .
calculated
to withdraw an unemployed and excitable •
cilia h , „ ed in its beliall
her. Some have been beaten negroes in general P—On the out injury, because change would destroy time •• •
any - dthe -
lation out of hands of agitators, w 0 maii.*
59 violently- that theY have lost large properties, generally,theyde the and shallows." of their politics ? The reform bill, Population theguel Would do well
it
table simplicity of the passage. 'What follows is not of if their grievances the
materials on which they erect the ino• al.
their li% es ou such occasions ; have a medical man attached to we mistake not, is carried, and Lord Althorp and Mr. ....,, i a uarrassing.=
and even a young girl has had them. Or there is perhaps one inferior merit:— Stanley have declared it to be tvfinal measure. Why own schemes of desperate and destructive ambitiost• 1
a billy-roller jammed quite man to two or three properties, "By the gentry of England we are sure our call will be , , Morning Herald.
through her cheek. Has seen * * * heard. And- by our fair countrywomen we may expect this u
t en shall these Scottish peers be accused of being the
~----
