Were you entrusted with any of the ribbons folded up ?
Never, except a dozen just tied four times across,-just tied to-
gether, and then doubled again.
In the course of your canvass did you see any ribbons folded
up and enclosed in a piece of paper?—No, never!!
It was not the practice in your division to have them rolled
up ?—M).

Mr. GEORGE CLAY was called in and examined by Mr. HUT-
CHINSON as follows:

Are you one of the sons of Mr. Ralph Clay ?—Yes.
Did you canvass for Lord Sandon during the two days of the
last election ?—I did.
Do you know a person of the name of James Bentley Rigby?
—I do not.
Did you offer the wife of any freeman a paper containing five
pieces of gold, or any other sum for her husband's vote ?—/did not.
Did you ever give a child half a sovereign during that clec-
tiou?-1 did not.
Did vou offer any man two sovereigns and a half, upon the
second'clay of the election, to vote ?—I did not.
Did you offer any man any money to go and vote during the
election ?—1 did not.

Mr. ANDREW BLOWER SMITH was called in and examined by
Mr. Hutchinson as follows :

Are you the son of Mr. William Smith, of Fullwood Lodge,
in Liverpool ?—I am.
Did you canvass for Lord Sandon before and during the elec-
tion in the Toxteth-park district ?—I did.
Do you know a public-house in Gore street kept by a person
of the name of Salt ?—No.

Were you ever at that public-house on the second day of the
election, or any house in that neighbourhood ?-1 was not.
Did you ever give a young man in that house or iu any other
house on that day five shillings to drink ?—No.
Do you recollect seeing a freeman of the name of Williams
in any public-house during the election ?—No.
Were you ever asked by a man of the name of Williams or by
any other man during the election to buy a dog ?—No.
Did you ever bargain with any person for a dog during the
election ?—I never bought a dog in my life nor bargained for
one.

Have you never paid a person 16s. for a dog P—No, never,
During the election did you give any person any money to
poll ?—No.
Did vou ever give a person of the name of Rigby or his wife,
or his child any money ?—I never heard of such a name.
Did you ever give any person five sovereigns in a paper ?
No. -

Or five pieces of gold ?—Xo.
Or any money to a child P—Never.
Mr. WILLIAM SMITH was called in and examined by Mr.
Hutchinson as follows :

Do you live at Fullwood Lodge in Liverpool?—Yes I do.
Did you upon the second day of the election give a freeman
some silver ?—I never in my live gave a six-pence at an election.
Do you recollect whether you were at Harrington-street, Tox-
teth Paik, upon the morning of the election ?—No, I was not.
Did you give any body any money at all ?—Not one farthing.,
Where you at the Great George's-street booth P—No.
Mr. ALEXANDER SMITH was called in and examined by Mr.
Ilutchinson, as follows:
Are you a merchant ?—I am.
Do you live in Great George-square, in Liverpool?—Yes.
Are you one of the sons of Mr. William Smith, of Fullwood
Lodge ?—I am.
Did you canvass in Harrington-street, in the Park, before
the election ?—Yes, I did.
Did you canvass in the town of Liverpool at all ?—I did not.
Do you know a person of the name of Rigby, or James Bent-
ley, Rigby ?—I am not aware of it.
Did you go to the house of James Bentley Rigby, or any
person, on the first night of the election, and give five pieces of
gold to the wife?-1 most distinctly deny it. I was not in any
house the first night of the election.
Or any other sum whatever P—Or any other sum whatever.
Did you give the child of any person half a sovereign on that
night ?—I did not.
Did you ever give a man on the second day of the election
two sovereigns and a half to vote ?—Certainly mot.
Nor any other sum of money whatever?—Nor any other sum
of money whatever.
You were a member of the Toxteth-park Committee ?—Yes.
Was there any fund attached to that committee for bribery?
—Certainly not.
Must you have known it if there had been ?—Most decidedly;
I paid all the expences incurred there.
Were you at the booth the second day ?—Yes, frequently.
. .

Did yo-u see'Mr. Abercrombie there f—l did.

Do you know whether any person was distributing pieces of
paper wrapped up ?—I saw several of them distributed during that
day_.
Do you happen to know what they were ?—They were what
we term election squibs.
(A paper was shewn to the witness.)
That was one of them I believe ?—Yes, such a piece of paper
folded up I many of the young men delivering them to the
people that came up to vote.
Cross-examined by Ms. Roscoe.
Were these papers resembling five yound notes ?—They were
of different sizes. _

The print would be tolerably visible upon them, I suppose ?
If they were open the print would be tolerably visible.

Their Majesties, we are happy to say, are in the enjoyment of
good health. Her Majesty has recovered from her recent at-
tack of the influenza. On Wednesday the King held a court
and levee at St. James's Palace, and in the evening their Ma-
jesties gave a grand dinner to the Duke of Brunswick. On
Friday their Majesties left town for the Palace at Windsor.—
His Majesty will give a grand state dinner on Wednesday next,
to the Knights of the Order of the Thistle and St. Patrick.—
The King will also give a grand banquet on Thursday next.—
Her Majesty will hold a drawing-room on that day.
OUR PRINCELY VlSlTORS.—Conjecture is rife respecting the
object of the young French princes' visit to London, as well as
that of the Duke of Brunswick. In some circles it is asserted
that they are suitors for the hand of the heiress presumptive.
The age of the Princess Victoria, however, destroys that suppo-
sition; did she, however, number a few summers shore, there
would be ample field for speculation : at present we must con•
elude that the views of our princely visitors are confined either
to politics or pleasure. A short time will, however, enable us
to know more about these matters.—Age.

PETITIONS.—The 12th report of the committee on public pe-
titious has been printed. I'he total number of petitions pre-
sented for a better observance of the Sabbath is 662, with 158,774
signatures; of Protestant Dissenters for relief; 55 petitions,
1%270 signatures; against the Church Temporalities (Ireland)
Bill, 23 petitions, 1,061 signatures, the greater part from the
clergy; for Jewish emancipation, 23 petitions, 16,564 signatures;
against church patronage in Scotland, 63 petitions, 36,749 sig-
natures; for the extinction of tithes in Ireland, 61 petitions,
20,283 signatures; against colonial slavery, immediate and en-
tire abolition, 304 petitions, 129,062 signatures ; ditto with safe
, provisions, 188 petitions, 74,181 signatigna'tu reures • against he house
and window tax, 36 petitions, 26,158 ss; fort repeal of
the malt tax, 7 petitions, 7,481 signatures; for the Ten Hours'
Bill, 67 petitions, 93,019 signatures; for the repeal of the Beer
Act, 72 petitions, 7,998 signatures; against the present corpo-
' ration system, 75 petitions, 31,949 signatures; against the Irish
coercion bill, 652 petitions, 413,989 signatures.
COLONIAL MISRULL.—Lord Mulgrave and the inhabitants
of Jamaica are still at variance. The Colonial Church Unions
have resolved to maintain their existence in defiance of his
Excellency's proclamations; and surely Ministers cannot
blame them when they recollect the toleration which they gave
to the political clubs at home, after they had been proclaimed
against. Lord Mulgrave has distinguished himself by dismiss-
ing from the militia service and the commission of the peace,
several gentlemen who have publicly opposed his proceedings,
and impugned his views. This conduct, however, has only
in-
creased the irritation of the Colonists. It ought to be recol-
lected that the planters of Jamaica ascribe the recent insurrec-
tion to the agency of the Missionaries, whom it is their object to
keep out of the island. That they are justified in this opinion,
few will dispute after listening to the doctrines promulgated by
these personages in their speeches at home; one of them
making it his object to impress upon the public that the negro
who planned the insurrection deserves an imperishable moue-
meat ! It is, therefore, clear that the Colonists are acting
merely in self-defence; and as the victims of a cruel system,
they are entitled to every forbearance. The Government at
home seem to think otherwise, for their organ of the Globe states
that they have just forwarded to the Earl of Mulgrave a highly
favourable expression of their opinions as to his recent conduct
in the island!—Edinburgh Evening Post.

Lord Gosford is to succeed the late Lord Foley as Captain
of the Band of Gentlemen Pensioners, and the present Lord
Foley is to succeed .Lord Gosford. No man was ever more sin-
cerely respected than the late Lord Foley. His death is indeed
a severe affliction to all his intimate friends in London and
Worcestershire, and in truth everywhere, and with all classes
who had an opportunity of knowing his amiable, generous, and
noble qualities.

MERTHYR.—IRON TRADE.—The prices of iron remain as
stated in our last; viz. bar-iron, at Cardiff, £5 15s. to .a.; pig-
iron in proportion, and the del:Rawl nut quite so brisk as Letore:
—Merthyr Guardian.
