1..-alco by Auction.

To-sioaaow, (Wednesday) the 23d instant, at Twelve o'clock,
e,
at MOLYNEUX, TAYLOR, and Co.'s Offic Chapel-street,
100 Tierces fine New Cajr • a RICE, •
Now landing ex Sterling. —Apply Mr. W. C. MoLy-
*mix, Merchant, or to
MOLYNEUX, TAYI OR, and CO., Brokers.

To-bionao__,W (Wednesday) the 23d instant, a ' welve o'clock,
at WILLIAM NEVETT'S Office, Ru rd-street,
About 2 Tons STAG NS,
Ex Hall from Bombay.—Apply to Me s. CHARLES IRONSIDES
and Co. Merchants, or to WM. NEVETT, Broker.

To-MORROW, (Wednesday) the 23rd inst., at Twelve o'clock, at
MOLYNEUX, TAYLOR, and Co.'s Office, 16, eapel-street,
701 Elephant Teeth, about 41 tons Afri,ati IVORY.
477 BansDCuitttoD,itto, et about 2 tons ta India IVORY.
Sustlandeeex Vestal—Apply to Messrs. CYRUS MORRA LL and
Sox, Merchants, or to
MOLYNEUX, TAYLOR, and Co., Brokers.

For the Benefit of the Fire Insurance Companies.
On THURSDAY next, the 24th instant, ay twelve o'clock, at
RUTSON'S Yard, Queitreet,
A Quantity o
Damaged COTTON, WHEAI, and LOGWOOD.
A ppl y to HENRY GLYNN, and}
WM. WHITEHOUSE and SON, Brokers.

I On account of whom it may con rn.
On FRIDAY next, the 25th instant, at Twelv o'clock, at SAMUEL
DUTTON and NEPHEW'S Office 8, E hane-buildings,
43 Bales Syrian MADDER ROOSTS,
Ex St. Antonio, from Genoa.—Apply to
SAML. DUTTON and NEPHEW, Brokers.

On MONDAY, the 4th of February next, at Four o'clock in the
Afternoon, at the Swan Inn, in Tarporley, in the county of
tltiester„subject to the conditions then to be produced,
THE Fee-simple and Inheritance of, and in all that MES-
SUAGE or DWELLING-HOUSE, situate at HoMu-
llin, in Utkinton, in the parish of Tarporl ; together with the
Lands, Garden, Stone-quarry, and Pre • es thereunto belong-
ing, containing in statute measure I res or thereabouts, in
the holding of Mr. John Wilson.
Also, a PEW in the parish church of Tarporley.
The House is pleasantly situate, and the Land is exceedingly
good, and in a high state of cultivation.
The Quarry is valuable, yielding great profit from the excel-
lent quality of its red and white stone.
There is a large bed of excellent Marl running through the
whole Estate.
Mr. John Burgess, of Utkinton, will show the Property, and
further particulars may be obtained at the Office of Mr. J.
THORLEY, Solicitor, Tarporley.

EXTRAORDINARY DEATHS—THE NURSE AND CHlk.P.—On
Wednesday an inquest was held at Brunswick-terruce,
Ball's-
pond, Islington. on view of the bodies of Ann Slymm and John
Dickson.- The woman was in the habit of taking young chil-
siren to nurse, and on Sunday morning, in consequence of some
alarm, a neighbour entered her room, and found her in the
agonies of death. Assistance was procured„ but she was quite
Jeid. On lifting her body, the chill, John Dickson, was found
Underneath quite dead. The child must have been clasped in
tne arms of thb poor eld woman at the time that she was seized
with a fit, and in the agony of sker attack she had lain upon it
in such a way as to produce suffocation, Two surgeons pro-
nounced that the woman died of appoplexy, and that the infant
`died :roin suffocation, produced by external pressuce. When
the persons burst open the door, another clad-, 18 months old,
whom Mrs. Slymm had under her care, was playing at" cock
horse," as it is called by children, upon the poor old woman's
hack. The Jury returned a verdict of died by the visitation of
God, as respected Mrs. Slymm; and of aceideeal death, as to
eve child

The length of the paved streets and roads in England and
Wales is calculated at 20,000 miles • that of the roads which are
not paved at about 100,(XX) miles. The extent of the turnpike
roads as appears by Parliamentary. documents, in 1823, was
24,531 wiles,

MR. RUTHVEN, M.l

TO THE EDITOR OF THE

SIR,-1 take'the earliest oppor
that my letter, in your paper of
tamed a misstatement regardini
dress to the electors of Kildare I
I now find that Mr. Ruthven it
46 I believed him to be, for the C
the statement of his having bee
returned for the latter county is,

I have, therefore, to request, tl
.(whom I know only by his electi(
*wn reputation for honourable co
to this prompt avowal of my m
remain, Sir, your obedient servan

Liverpool, Jan. 21, 1833.

WEST INDIA

TO THE EDITOR OF THE L

SIR,--I am aware, in touching
West India Slavery, I am enterin,
and, at the present moment, of
munity at large. Fully impressi
task, I seek only to offer observai
trammelled by the prejudices, and
others. In seeking out justice,
right or to the left, but proceei
course, forgetting all minor consid
our purpose. The excitement cre
eussions on this subject, rendere
ceeding it, all observations useless
of the truth of their own observati,
rejected every argument which to
!yen those opinions, however unfi
citement has now partially subsic
More inclined to listen and weigh t
ere they proceed to pass a judgmer
The principal division of sentim
justice and propriety of "immediat,
population in the West India col
both parties, that "Slavery in itsel
‘questions—ls emancipation, with(
planter, just? Would the measure
be beneficial or injurious to the
only at present offer a few observat
the subject of a future letter.
Under the direct protection and
of these realms, property first bees
Population of the West India coloni
by the Lords and Commons, and
Wanting nothing therefore to coma
'aline the root from whence sprung
according to their, institutes. Rest
futissimi cassis, sub clypeo legis ne
y such looked not forward to a per
azanded to surrender that which ti
direct sanction of a wise and cler
late years there has arisen a feeling
owners of slave property, and one
(and by no means a small one) have I
for a legislative act for forcible moan
nature, by destroying the tenure of pr
by the laws of the land, in opposition
and without remuneration, is, I n
being a manifest injustice, wanting
principle of honesty, and as a law di
Maxim. " Lex nemini operatur in
tiam." Upon the union of the mora
taws depend, and as justice is the pr
laws, when they once cease to be pc
being contradictory to moral duty, et
guides. In unjustly robbing the st
him, in opposition to laws framed pu
the community are guilty of an act (
one individual defrauding another
Without vitiating themselves, enjo
the divine law, the former being
for the better enforcement of the
law expressly forbids us to approi
belongs to others, no one I presume
Ping the Planter of his birth-right,
wishes, though authorized by the
'tate, is not an unjust taking ow:
thee, and as such, in direct oppositi
which we are bound to obey ? In
big property, in opposition to his wis
rating him for his loss, we ate layin
)ziay at a future period he made a rule
taore closely connected with oursel
the subject places upon laws formed
lks person and his property, must neo
considerably shaken. • Laying asi
which would incline us nevertheless t
Cation we ought to be guarded how •
by making them subservient tt
'lt justice. That slavery is repugnar
Cation, and to the spirit of our laws
to confess ; but in removing the ev
oar counsels; let moderation be op'
Werwhelming desire of change, whi
War the consequences, so that'the mcn
Wad let the nation in her desire of (
the West Indies be careful, lest that
!cent of its being a blessing to its p
The cry for forcible manumission
for a short period—the nation, stirrer
tWay be induced to threaten harsh
*e every where perceive the spirit of
liolicy spreading its influence ; and I
4-at hand when the measures propose
ills Slaves will be such as will induct
lelves to become its advocates.
Whether immediate emancipation,
1/4ntageous or otherwise to the Slav
kr a subject of enquiry in a future le
Jail. 17th, 1833.

THE CURRE

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIP',

BIR,-_At the present eventful pe
thange and innovation, under the
:!form, engages the attention of all
011 no longer consents to "let well
'Pic% calls loudly for changes in t
It is, therefore, my intention to co.
alkte Practicable, and if practicable, w
or likely to answer the obje

To arrive at correct conclusions, it
4ider the present state and nature
mouses which have produced and sup
e changes required, as far they as c
bre the probable results to be expec
bake and carry such changes into e
It is a well-known fact, that, alth
4ar present circulating medium cons
Promissory notes, restricted in amo
bards, yet, as they are all payable in

ran
Lao
t cow'
edriel
.eott°
at t 11,3,
cti(s
• fornied
s frft,
ill
lessr-
shahawe!
shol,

-,llsto
4.!
coal
'ltek
1 fe
, Po
,astl
, greet

isoner.—But you know I was deranged at that tieta
ie Chairman then consulted with his brother magi rate!
the punishment to be inflicted upon the prisoner, and i!
ng sentence he remarked—"l should have thought, pr
r, that the imprisonment you formerly underwent, woe
been a sufficient warning to induce you to abandon th;
le of life. You are a man of very considerable and ve!l
intellect, and the address you have displayed in this affair
s yoti to be a clever man. Your offence has rendered TO
to be transported for life, but the court will not go tlial
h, although they have had considerable difficulty 11
❑g to that decision. Your conduct in gaol has been ye
and you have displayed so much address in committi
>ffence, that we cannot do less than sentence you to
ported for fourteen years.
