-CHESTER AN D - BIRKENHEAD RAILWAY.
XTOTIOE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the. HALF-YEAR-
.III LY GENERAL MEETING of SHAREHOLDERS
*ill beheld, in purstaioce of the provisions of the Act incorpo-
ratinz tare Compaa,, at the Claren:lon Roomq, iu Liverpol, on
MoswaY. the 9th 91 April tie::', at. Eleven o'ci t k to the Fore-
noon precisely; at which Meetitt, nwing to important subjects
under consideration, it is intended to propose that no business
he etrered upon, but that such meeting be adjourned to the 9th
slay of June, at the same tune, place, and hour, for the purpose
of proceeding in the execution of the provisions of the said Act.
By order of the Directors,
. - JOSEPH MALLABY, Law• Clerk.
Liverpool, 26th March, 1838.

GUANO JUNCTION RAILWAY,
TENDERS FOR LOANS.

H Director% of the GRAND JUNCTION RAILWA.Y
COMPANY are non, ready to receive TENDERS 'for
LOANS, to the e,:ient of Fifty Thousand Pound., in sums of
not less than Oue Thousand Pounds each, at Four per Cent.
per Annum Interest, for a teen of Five or Seven Years certain.
To be addressed to the Treasurer of the Companv, Lime-street,
Liverpool. By order of the Directors,
Lime-street, Liverpool, ifarclt 7, 18.38.

J. R. CiIIORLEY.

•
PARIS'H OP LIVERPOOL
-k-ToTreg N HEREBY GIVEN, that the ANNUAL
11 GENERAL VESTRY will be held in Saint Nicholas's
Church, On TuEsnaY, the 17th day of April next, at Twelve.
o'clock at Noon. to receive the Report of the Select Vestry of
the last y,,,ar, and a Swam try of their Accounts; for the Eke-.
!ion of Churchwardens,, Sidesinen, Overseers, and Select
Vestry; for the laying of Church-rates for the year ensuing;
awl for Coo despatch of tl, usual Parochial business.
'HENRY RIPLEY, Churchwarden.
WILLIAM. RUSHTON, Overseer.
31st March, 1838.

Ilmpertat )I)arlialtlEnt.

HOUSE OF LORDS.—THuRsnAY.

The Bishop of EXETER presented many petitions for the ab-
olition of the negro apprenticeship system, entirely acquiescing
in the prayer, and contending that the negroes were entitled to
entire freedom, and that they were qualified to enjoy it.
Lord ,BitotiGn m again presented an imSnente number of
similar petitions, and strongly supported them. He stated that
he had received a letter-from the Lord ChiefJnstice of England
(Denman), in which that noble and learned lord denied the
alleged "contract," and declared himself, in consequence of
What had passed, favourable to -the abolition of the negro ap-,
pren ticeshio system. _ _

. _
The Duke of WitLINGTON then presented petitions from
planters, proprietors, and mortgagees of West India property,
against the required abolition of the negro apprenticeship
system.
This led to extended discission, in which Lord St. Vincent
Lori Brougham, and Lord Seaford took part.
Lord Mxi.dOURNE contending that undoubtedly there was the
' contract" with the ownors of the slaves, that they should have,
the negroes' apprenticed labours for a specified period prepara-
tory to their entire emancipation.
The petitions were eventually ordered to lie on the table.

Soine other business being disposed 'of, their liircilhips ad-
journed.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.-THURSDAY

Mr., Fox MAULE proposed the postponement of the third
reading of the "Notting Footway" {Hippodrome) Bill till
Monday, as he should propose clauses regarding the introduc-
tion of the police, and the prohibition of the sale of spirituous
liquors, that would obviate much of toe objection to the
After some discussion the postponement was carried by 226 to
83—majority fur the_postponement 113.
Many petitions were presented fur the abolition of the negro
aprentiveship system," and Lord Stanley presented one from
puisous interested in West India property, against such aboli-
tion:

Mr. Git.inisr obtained leave to bring in a bill to alter and
amend the laws for gianting licences for toe sale of exciseable
liquors in Scotland, &c.
Sir G. STRICK L .t 1,4 D then moved a resolution declaratory of
the expediency of making provision to exterminate the negro
apprenticeship sYsteln on the lit August next, contendiog that
the treatment of the negroes and the infraction of all proteCtive
regulations showed that a transitory state between freedom and
slavery was ithpracticahle.
Mr. PEASM seconded the motion, observing that,'though he
had heretofore told his constituents he had doubts how far he
could support any demand for modiflc.itions of the compensa-
tion, he now considered it to be his duty, after the treatment
the negroes had received, to support the abolition of the appren-.
ticeship system. The hon. member was peculiarly affected at
the conclusion of a long and impressive address:
Sir G. GREY moved, as an amendment, that the slavery aho•
lition act bill be read the second time, maintaining that the
motion would violate the contract, but rejoicing that the discus-.
sion of tha question was now brought fully and distinctly before
the house.

Mr. J.A'oirs moved that the debate be d(ijdt.trned, and it was
adj 'tuned accordingly.
The orders of the day were disposed of, and the house ad-
j 'caned.
