IMPORTANT TO MUNICIPAL VOTERS

To secure a rote at the next municipal election, the
following is the necessary qualification, namely

" The Occupation on the ensuing 31st August, and
during the two preceding years, of a house, warehouse,
counting-house, or shop, within the borough, for which
the occupier is rated, and on which all rates due thereon,
except those becoming due within six months before the
31st, have been paid before that date."
The occupier must also, during the whole of that pe-
riod, (say two years and nine months) hare been an in-
habitant householder within seven miles of the borough.

The day on which claimants' qualifications must be
completed, and the last day for payment of rates, is the
31st of August. The sth of September is the day ots
which the overseers are required to make out the burgess
lists, and to deliver them to the Town-clerk, who is to
fix a copy of them on the Town-hall, during the week
preceding the 15th of September.
A person succeeding to the occupation of a house,
by descent, marriage, demise, eic., is entitled to reckon
as his own the occupancy and rating of the person by or
through whom he succeeds.

Zibirpoof tantrarti.

TUESDAY MORNING, AUGUST 11, 1840

By her Majesty's packet Reindeer we have received

a file of the Guiana Chronicle to the 15th of June, in-
clusive. They contain no news whatever. The Vo-
luntary Immigration Society had issued a fresh address,
calling upon the colonists to come forward still more
actively to support the objects of the association. Se-
veral arrivals of labourers had taken place from Balti-
more, and the prospects of the colony appeared to be
slowly improving. The report of Messrs. Peck and
Price has been republished by the Chronicle. It has
given unfeigned satisfaction to the planters, as well as
to every other class of the inhabitants, by all of whom
it is confidently referred to, as affording a triumphant
refutation of the charges so frequently brought against
the colony by ignorant and self-seeking demagogues.

We have received our files of the Jamaica Royal
Gazette and of the Jamaica' Standard to the 27th of
June, inclusive. We are glad to learn that Sir Charles
Metcalfe is proceeding in the even tenour of his waY'
conciliating all parties, effecting as much good as he
can, correcting abuses where he finds them to exist,
and endeavouring, to the best of his power, to restore
public confidence, without which it is. impossible for
any government to be successful. The Royal Gazette
says that " the factious party hive' fairly expended
-every opprobrious 'expression towards lowering tile
representative of Majesty, to,whorn thez49we
ance, and the most insulting and outrageous languall.
has been used in the Baptist conventicles towards S'r
Charles Metcalfe, that could be applied to man." Th'
aspersions thus cast upon the Governor, on account i
his strictly independent and impartial policy, have
failed in producing their intended effect. We fancy
that Mr. Knibb, after all his boasting, has found, ere
this, that his influence at the Colonial-office is not so
great as to cause the least uneasiness to the friends of
,good order in Jamaica. His representations have evi'
dently resulted in nothing, unless, indeed, in a suits'
ble rebuke to his meddling impertinence and arrogant

presumption.
The Royal Gazette remarks that " the late riot or
Falmouth would not be worth alluding to, were it not
that it has shown to what extremity the people are
ripe." It shows what effect the abuse of the authori•
ties, and the never-ending tirades levelled by the liar
tists from their ptilpits against all who are not of the
faction, has obtained upon the minds of the people'
It also shows that, without the greatest caution, the
flame of rebellion may be speedily kindled in the island.
This affords another argument in favour of that uncle'
viating firmness of character which has been maul'
fested by the present Governor.

We learn from the papers before us that the pros'
pects of the island are more gloomy than ever. Inv
vitable ruin appears to stare the planters in the face.
The decrease in the exports of the island, it is said,
will scarcely be believed until the regular return of
sugar shipped to October of the present year is made
out. The former estimate of two-thirds of the 10
year's crop will scarcely be realised. The usual ship'
ping have to leave the island to proceed elsewhere for
a cargo home ; while those ships which remain have,
almost without exception, to fill up with wood, and
some even to take in ballast. The Gazette asserts ths
scarcely one vessel had latterly sailed with her corn'
plement of produce, and that many were from 150 to
200 hogsheads short. Well may our colonial contcol`
porary exclaim—" Where, now, is the El Dorado of
friend Gurney, of which he saw the prospect when he
said, When the merchantmen which frequent the
harbours of Jamaica shall be multiplied—when her
staple productions of sugar and coffee shall more than
recover their former amount—when vegetable produc-
tions shall be poured forth, at a cheap rate, from the
mountains to the towns' ?" How miserably have
these prophecies been falsified !
Much stress has been recently laid, by the speaker!,
at our anti-slavery meetings, -Upoifille-iiic,=ealidWorts
into Jamaica, within the last three years. This increase,
which has certainly been very considerable, Las been
confidently referred to, in many of the British journals'
as anything but an indication of diminished prosperity
The editors of the Jamaica Standard and Royal Gazette
have, however, set the question at rest. They have
explained the apparent anomaly, that the increase of the
imports is no proof of the advancement of a colony,
but that it frequently proves a retrogression of its pros'
perity.

The imports iuto Jamaica, in the year 1835, were

£367,628 ; in 1836, £387,979 ; in 1837, £463,322
in 1838, £439,531 ; and for the half-year to July, 5►
1839, £248,884. The principal increase took place in
the articles of flour, rice, meal, and bread. This
increase is owing to the great deficiency' in the natural
productions of the island—the want of cultivation of
the staple provisions for which it is famed. Here we
find the true secret of the apparent prosperity of its
trade and commerce. On this subject the Gazette very
forcibly remarks—" On the first dawn of freedom, when
as yet, the negroes' minds were in a most unsettled
state, and no inducement could get them to return to
their ordinary occupations, it was generally considered
that the market would abound in vegetables and bread'
kind. As time rolled on, and thOusands of the people
withdrew from the estates, settling down on their small
freeholds, and locating themselves in the new town'
ships, we fondly hoped that large tracts of land woul4
be placed under cultivation, and that we should P 0
longer require foreign aid to contribute to our nece4av
ties ; but this is not the case ; many of our peasants/
depended on what they could obtain for a precarious
existence, and those that planted were robbed. The con'
sequences are, that our markets are less abundantly
supplied than before, and the provisions are not of the

of the
loriyt
pros-

con-
ntlY
the

ame quality. Eagerness, either to obtain money, or
to save them from being plundered, causes them to be
gathered before they are full, and the buyer and the
vendor consequently suffer."
Formerly, the luxuriant parish of St. Thomas in the
East supplied the Kingston market with plantains,
'yams, &c. That was under the system of slavery. The
slaves themselves used to sell a large amount of the
produce on their own accounts. No►v, the same parish,
as well as many others, instead of sending bread-kind
to market, are obtaining supplies of bread from King-
ston. The provisions grown at present by the free
negroes are scarcely more than sufficient for their owu
consumption.

We quite agree with the Royal Gazette when it re-
marks that the importation of those articles which drain
the island of its specie must be the worst species of po-
litical economy. The same journal adds—" And this
is the case with the articles imported from America in
American vessels ; for no sooner is the cargo landed
than doubloons or dollars are demanded in exchange,
with which they proceed to Cuba to take in a cargo of
sugar for their own market. Thus in exchange for the
commodities of life, which, with ordinary care ought to
be supplied from our own recources, we are sending
gold and silver to purchase slave-yrown sugar from
Cuba to our own detriment and loss."

For this state of things—and we would here remark,
that the preceding observations are applicable to British
Guiana, as well as to the West India islands—we know
of but one remedy. That remedy is IMMIGRATION ;
and we rejoice to find that the colonial press and the
colonial legislatures are becoming more and more con-
vinced of the necessity of joining heart and hand in
promoting this cause. Let them continue to agitate
this question unceasingly. Let them strenuously exert
themselves, in their respective spheres, in encouraging
immigration. If they persevere in urging their claims
on the attention of the British parliament, we have no
doubt of their ultimate success ; for the conviction is
daily gaining ground in Great Britain that without im-
mityration the West Indies must be lost.

In the remarks which w© have from time to time
been called upon to make upon the foreign policy of
her Majesty's government, we have never concealed
Our opinion of the blundering incapacity of the indivi-
dual to whose hands, unfortunately, the direction of
our foreign affairs is committed. We have no confi-
dence in the talent, the judgment, or the honesty of
Lord Paltnerston. Confined and pettifogging in his
views, that feeble nobleman will never be placed in
his legitimate position until he is reduced to the capa-
city of a mere hack in the War-office, from which he
emerged only to convince the world that an unprinci-
pled ambition and a sordid disposition are rarely found
to coexist with talent sufficient to shed a lustre over
apostacy. We have no reliance upon his love of
Country ; for we believe sincerely, and we express our
belief boldly, that Lord Palmerston would sell the
dearest interests of his country, one after another, for
a te►nporary triumph of party, or for even less—the
gratification of his own inordinate vanity.
We have never added treason to the list of Lord
Pahnerston's claims to public notice, because we have
always associated with the word something of a bold
and daring spirit, which his lordship does not possess.
There is, however, a sneaking kind of treason--a thing
which, avoiding any overt or tangible act of disloyalty,
and keeping clear of the gallows or the scaffold, may
yet, as effectually as the most direct practice, destroy
the prosperity and strike at the existence of a nation—
of which we are quite prepared to admit him to be
capable. His lordship is not the character to throw a
brand into the magazine of the vessel in which he
sails ; but lie is capable of winking at the starting of a
plank, which will more slowly, but as surely, effect the
destruction sought for.

There are, however, we find, individuals and bodies
of men, possessed of intelligence and owning a heavy
stake in the prosperity of the country, who do• not
scruple to bring against Lord Palmerston charges of a
far deeper dye than we have ever ventured to hint at.
We refer our readers, for the particulars of these
charges, to the extraordinary speech of Mr. Charles
Attwood, delivered at a public meeting in Birmingham
on Thursday last, in which a direct accusation is
brought against his lordship of having " carried on a
treasonable collusion with Russia, with a view to ren-
der this and other European powers subservient to the
aggressions of the northern autocrat," and of being,
in fact, " the mere paid agent of the Russian govern-
ment."

These, our readers will admit, are startling charges,
and such as, without the strongest and most convin-
cing proof, we should not venture to bring forward
against any British statesman, however low might be
our estimation of his character. They have, however,
been made. They have been brought before a public
assembly—not for the first time in Birmingham ; and
they would yesterday be reasserted, and evidence be
produced to support them. For that evidence we wait
with some anxiety, and upon it we shall, to some ex-
tent at least, form a judgment as to the truth of the
charges brought against Lord Palmerston ; for let that
evidence be what it may—let it be weak and untena-
ble, or " strong as holy writ"—we cannot conceive it
possible that a British statesman, occupying the im-
portant post of minister of foreign affairs, can pass
over it in silence. Lord Palmerston must come for-
ward before the public, and place the weight of his
character and his innocence—if he be innocent—in
the scale against the assertions and the evidence of Mr.
Attwood, whose position in life, as brother of the late
member for Birmingham, and a man of some notoriety
in the political world, is of sufficient importance to
entitle him to notice, and, if necessary, to punishment.

We shall, we dare say, be told that Mr. Attwood is
a chartist, and upon some questions an enthusiast; but
we must also remember that that gentleman is, at the
same time, a man of considerable mercantile and poli-
tical knowledge. The charges which he now brings
forward have been previously before the public, hacked
by the concurring testimony of a public meeting, held
a few weeks ago in his own town, and composed of
men of almost every shade of politics; and we feel
convinced that it is now too late to attempt to sneer
them down unanswered. If Lord Palmerston be not
impeached upon Mr. Attwood's evidence, then that gen-
tleman ought to be prosecuted upon his lordship's ; and
unless the latter alternative be adopted, the people o!
England may very fairly surmise that there is some-
thing in the conduct of the Foreign Secretary which
that distinguished personage is unwilling or afraid to
bring before the scrutiny of the public.
We must confess our doubt that Mr. Attwood will
succeed in establishing directly his charge. Lord Pal-
merston has wriggled his way through too many dirty
paths to be readily entrapped, except by some treachery
on the part of a coadjutor in his political intrigues.
We have no idea of his lordship being a "paid agent"
of Russia, or of any other enemy of the British name;
but we are quite prepared to find him the ready dupe
and the vain puppet of the subtle diplomacy of that
grasping power. We cannot either attribute all his
lordship's political failures to any foreign influence ;
but for the causes of a great portion of them, we are
disposed to look solely to his own indolence and his
feebleness of intellect. Lord Palmerston never was,
and is not now, fitted for any more serious employment
than tying up and labelling the correspondence of the
Foreign Office; and the idea of placing in such a man
the controul of the important interests of which that
office is constituted the guardian, is about as prepos-
terous as it would be to confide to a druggist's boy the
management of a difficult case of surgery, or to raise a
corporal of marines to the command of the British fleet.

The subject of Welsh bishops, since the recent va-
cancy in the diocese of St. David, has occupied an
unusual share of the attention of Welshmen, both in
the principality and in England. The Welsh papers
of every shade of political opinions, merging their dif-
ferences for a great national object, have teemed with
letters and editorial remarks in support of the mea-
sure ; and the provincial press of England, along the
whole line of country bordering on the principality,
from Bristol to Chester, have expressed their sympa-
thy with their neighbours in their demand for lit and
efficient bishops to superintend their national church.
To such as have had an opportunity of witnessing the
actual prostration of the church in Wales, this demand
appears only just; for it cannot be denied, that unless
some change for the better take place, things will soon
arrive at this point, that instead of a general cry for
" Welsh bishops," the outcry will be, " No bishops
wanted There are at present about three dissent-

ing chapels to each church, and their multiplication is
progressing so fast, that sufficient accommodation will
at length be supplied for the whole nation, and the
established church will then be voted, not only a use-
less thing, but an incubus on the productive energies
of the country. The levellers in parliament will not
omit so fair an opportunity for playing their usual
game to overthrow the church. They will plead the
actual state of things as a sufficient reason for confis-
cating the scanty revenues of the parishes, or diverting
them to another channel. And an episcopal church
can never exist in the principality on the voluntary
system. Deprived of endowment it will necessarily
die, and we question if it will ever see a resurrection
from the ruins of its fortune.

Impressed with these feelings, we confess we cannot
withhold our approbation from the individuals who
have taken every lawful means to urge upon the go-
vernment the necessity of appointing to the Welsh
bishoprics men fully conversant with the Welsh lan-
guage. Precedent is in favour of such a measure. It
was tried by Queen Elizabeth, and was found to do
well for the church and the country. Why not,
therefore, revert to it now. The very existence of a
strong feeling in its favour is a sure indication that it
will succeed, and it may not yet be too late to save
from ruin the once independent British church. For
want of discussion the claims of the British church to
this measure are not sufficiently known to be appre-
ciated by the English public, and consequently some
Englishmen have misunderstood the object of those
who advocate the change. For instance, a writer in
one of our contemporaries finds fault with Mr. James's
spirited, letter of remonstrance, which appeared in our
columns of this day week, addressed to the Rev.
Connop Thirlwall, the intended new bishop of St.
David's, as if Mr. James " objected to Mr. Thirlwall's
appointment on the ground that he is not a native of
the principality." 'Whereas the objection is made only
on the score of his ignorance of the Welsh language,
and consequent inability to discharge the duties of his
office to the edification of the church, and satisfaction
of the inhabitants. There is no objection to an Eng-
lishman, as such, or to a Scotchman, or to any coun-
tryman, provided he add to his knowledge of English
a knowledge also of the Welsh speech. Nor is it the
wish of the natives that their bishops should only know
Welsh : they expect them, as a matter of course, to be
also masters of the English language. Every clergy-
man in the principality knows English, having made it
his study from the commencement, in order to be able
to officiate to English or Welsh congregations as occa-
sion may require. The attempt, therefore, of the writer
we have alluded to, to retort upon Mr. James his
own argument, because he, a Welshman, holds an
appointment in England, does not apply, either to him
or to any of the Welsh clergy similarly situated. Let
the English clergy pursue the same plan in reference
to the Welsh tongue, as is adopted by the clergy of
the Principality in regard to the English, and we shall
hear no more complaints of inefficient and disqualified
bishops presiding over the interests of the church in
Wales. But it is insinuated that Dr. Thirlwall, without
receiving the gift of tongues, will soon attain as good
a knowledge of Welsh as the Rev. D. James possesses
of English. Be it so. We shall rejoice to hear that
the new bishop is studying Welsh, but we would beg
to suggest, that until he shall have made himself master
of it, so as to be able to reply in it to Mr. James's letter
in one of equal length, force, argument, and purity of
diction, he will do well to decline the bishopric of St.
David. But as soon as he has furnished this proof of
his competency to officiate in the language of the na-
tives, he may then claim his right to be presented to a
piece of preferment in Wales on precisely the sane
ground that Mr. James holds one in England. So
long as the Welsh language continues to be the
medium of religious instruction in the Principality, the
inhabitants have an undoubted right to bishops as
well as priests and: deacons that understand their
language : and it is a matter of deep regret that
in this age of light, reform, and liberality, this boon
should be so pertinaciously withheld from them.
They claim no other privilege for their national church
than has ever been enjoyed by the national church in
England. All the bishops in England understand
English : a bishop unacquainted with that language
would not be tolerated in any diocese. Let all the
bishops in Wales understand Welsh. Why should
the principality be bowed down under the pressure of
a grievance which, to say the least, is a mark of na-
tional insult to the Welsh people?

The insolence of the Popish faction in this country
is daily becoming more and more intolerable. We
understand that the 24th of this month—the anniver-
sary of the. Massacre of St. Bartholomew—has been
fixed upon for opening the new Popish Mass-house,
recently erected by Mr. Bretherton at Rainhill. The
selection of this day, notwithstanding its correspond-
ence with the Christian name of the gentleman who
has built the chapel, we cannot but consider as a de-
liberate insult to a Protestant community ; and as cir-
culars have been plentifully addressed to the Protes-
tants in that vicinity, claiming their support and coun-
tenance to this new Popish conventicle, we trust that
they will not fail to mark their sense of this new piece
of insolence. If any of them should sanction the pro-
ceedings by their presence, they will prove their utter
dereliction of principle, And their secret approval of
the persecuting tenets of the Papacy.

On Monday next, the merchants who are rate-payers
will be called upon to elect four gentlemen to supply
the vacancies caused by the retirement of four mem-
bers of the Dock Trust. The qualifications for voting
will be ascertained from an advertisement which ap-
pears in another column. It is to be hoped that, who-
ever may be elected, none will be chosen but staunch
conservatives. At the present moment it is particularly
incumbent upon the rate-payers to select men of nerve
and undeviating principle—men who will not be de-
terred from doing their duty to the " good old town',
—from motives of either fear or affection. It is, how-
ever, almost supererogatory to make any appeal to the
rate-payers on this important subject. We feel confi-
dent that they will make a judicious choice, and one
which will prove of ultimate benefit to the port and
trade of Liverpool.

Without entering at all upon the disputed question
as to the validity or invalidity of the register of voters
which has just been made out, we must again impress
upon the Conservatives of Liverpool the necessity
which exists of subjecting those lists to a rigid scru-
tiny. We are confidently assured that a vast portion
of the new names that have found their way into the
lists, now posted on the church doors, are those of
men prepared to personate the real occupants of the
premises for which they claim ; and that a great num-
ber of the parties who do really reside upon those pre-
mises have only discovered the fact of their being
tenants within the last few weeks, and would be as
puzzled to find the rent, if asked for it to-morrow, as
to find the wit of one of our ancient Mercury's original
jokes. The whole plot, in fact, in only an impudent,
and we trust will prove a bungling attempt to intro-
duce the Tom Cassidy principle into English vot-
ing; and if not put down now and at Ace, the sure
result will follow, that the future elections for the bo-
rough of Liverpool will have to be fought in committees
of the House of Commons.

The plain duty, then, of the Conservative committees
in the various districts which have furnished these
mushroom voters, is to institute a close and searching
examination into the fact, whether or not those parties
are in the bond-fide occupation of the premises for
which they claim to register. We believe it will be
found as the result that, in five out of nine cases, the
agents or sub-agents of the Protector Society have not
been particularly nice in their choice of men, or the
parties themselves very scrupulous in withholding any
little fact which would militate against their rates be-
ing paid for them Our Irish fellow-townsmen are
not on all occasions proverbial for saying more than
will suit their interests to have known; and the fact of
a husband, a father, or a brother being dead, if told to
an agent of the protectors, might seriously interfere
with the chance of getting a pound or two out of him
to pay the outstanding demands of the rate-collector.
In every suspicious case, and there will be found
many, proper notices of objection must be served,
anay, thednth
e various imitators of the immortal family of
Cassidies produced in proper person before the revis-
ing barrister. The ordeal will, we dare say, be an un-
pleasant one, and may be called illiberal; but it must
be gone through nevertheless, and then—,-we will allow

our radical contemporaries to crow and swagger to
their hearts' content.

Our Welsh friends have already complained loudly
against the late appointment of the Rev. Connop Thir-
wall to the see of St. David's, on the ground of that
gentleman not being acquainted with the language of
the principality. We are far from denying that there
is some reasonableness in this complaint; but were the
reverend gentleman's want of proficiency in the Welsh
language the only objection which could be brought
against him, we should be disposed to overlook it in
consideration of more weighty claims which he might
possess on the score of learning and piety.
Placing aside, however, the question as to the pro-
priety of appointing to Welsh bishoprics any other than
Welshmen, we may fairly ask whether the claims of
Mr. Thirlwall, on other grounds, are such as to out-
weigh in the minds of sound churchmen, either in the
principality or in England, the deficiency complained
of. Unfortunately, the reply to this question must he
in the negative. As members of the great body of the
Church of England and 'Wales, we can only view the
appointment in question as one of those deliberate in-
sults to orthodox and pious Christians which it seems
to have been the study of the present ministry, in their
bestowal of church patronage, to inflict.
The reverend gentleman is, we are aware, t scholar
of extensive and varied attainments; but here we might
conclude the summing up of his title to a bishopric,
unless we were to add, that in political principle he is
a liberal of the first water, and in religion but a shade
removed from a socinian. To a ministry whose affec-
tion for the church consists in administering "heavy
blows and great discouragements"—whose political
allies are recruited from the ranks of rabid dissent on
the one hand, and of Popery, Atheism, and Socialism
on the other—the good opinion of socinianism may
appear to be cheaply purchased by the elevation of a
socinian churchman to a seat on the Bench of Bishops.
But such an appointment, we do venture to say, is not
one which is likely to advantage the church or to add
to the reputation of those by whom its rich prefer-
ments are administered.

The churchmen of Liverpool will he able to form
their own judgment upon the question when we inform
them that the Rev. Connop Thirlwall was no later than
last year recommended to a bishopric by a distinguished
follower of the doctrines of Socinus, Mr. Martineau,
of Liverpool, who, after quoting from his writings pas-
sages strongly confirmatory of his own religious views,
and that too in a controversial sermon delivered in an-
swer to a course of lectures on socinianism, by clergy-
men of the Church of England, refers to him as "
divine whose distinguished philological attainments
have given him an European reputation, without at
present raising him to that station in his own church
which would best suit his merits and her dignity." It
may be the opinion of Lord Melbourne that the dignity
of the church can he raised by the appointment to her
highest offices of men who deny the plenary inspiration
of the sacred writings,—as a reference to a letter in our
columns will shew that Mr. Thirlwall has done; but we
must for ourselves declare that we are unable to coin-
cide with his lordship or with Mr. Martineau in this
opinion.

Robert Thom, Esq., of • Macao, China, translator of
iisop's Fables into the Chinese language, and of a Chinese
tale, entitled, The lasting resentment of Miss Keaou Lwan
IVang, into English, has just been elected an honorary mem-
ber of the African Institute of France.
RHUBARB.—We had brought to our office, on Friday last,
two noble specimens of rhubarb, gathered from the garden of
John Winder, Esq., Aigburth. The length of the leaf was
two feet six inches, the breadth two feet ten inches ; the
length of the stem one foot fov inches, the circumference
six inches.

THEATRE ROYAL.—Mr. Wm. Farren commenced an en-
ng7agyeemenHt
elawstansilgoluitdalys
aLpoprldauodgediebfryomin
athliepCar/atsnodfestthineehMouaste.-.
IVilliam Tell followed, in which Mr. Anderson fully sus-
tained his reputation. This evening Mr. Farren will per-
form Larose in the drrma of Past and Present.
LIVERPOOL COLLEGIATE INSTITUTION.—The principal
premium for the intended building was yesterday awarded
to Mr. Elmes, of London, who has thereby created for him-
self an equal reputation in the Gothic, as his classical designs
for the St. George's Hall and the Assize Courts have obtained
for him in the Grecian. There were twenty-nine designs
offered, the whole of which will remain on view at the Lyceum
Lecture Room, until the 22nd inst. The second premium
was borne away by Messrs. Scott and Moffatt.
THE WEATHER.—The same delightful sunny weather,
which we noticed in our last, continued up to yesterday
afternoon, when we had some slight warm showers, with the
wind from the south-west. There is, however, no appear-
ance of a setting in of heavy rain,—and an occasional shower,
should the fTeneral aspect of, the season continue to be pro-
pitious, will serve to feed vegetation, and particularly the
wheat and oats. The accounts from all quarters of this
island and of Ireland, of the prospects of an abundant har-
vest, are most cheering, and most sincerely do we hope that
the expectations naturally excited will be fully realised.
PEDESTRIAN FEAT.—Yesterday evening, John Townsend,
the celebrated pedestrian, who recently accomplished an ar-
duous six days task on the Prescot road, undertook to per-
form, for a benefit, on the bowling-green of the High Park
Coffee House the following feat :—To pick up 100 stones,
each a yard apart, with his mouth, and deposit them in a
basket without touching them with his hands ;—to run a
mile ;—to walk three miles forwards, and then three miles
backwards ; and, finally, to run a hoop two miles,—the whole
to be accomplished in three successive hours. He commenced
operations soon after five o'clock, and accomplished the feat
wiih great ease within sixteen minutes of the prescribed time.
He afterwards, by way of afterpiece, picked up 40 stones in
the same manner as before in almost 11 minutes. This ex-
traordinary pedestrian is upwards of 50 years of age. A vast
number of persons witnessed the feat.
THE BENLEDI STEAM BOAT.—This vessel was exten-
sively advertised on Saturday last, as intending to proceed on
Sunday morning at seven o'clock to the Menai Bridge, allow
visitors to stay five hours there, and start on her return
home at six o'clock. This being a very favourite and conve-
nient excursion, the vessel was crowded with between two
and three hundred passengers, and about half-past seven she
started on the voyage. About the middle of the river two
gentlemen hailed her, and the captain returned to take them
on board. Having started a second time, the captain re-
tired into the cabin to take breakfast with some of the
passengers, the vessel being steered by one of the hands.
When she arrived opposite the Magazines, the steersman,
whether from carelessness or intention, we cannot say which,
caused the vessel to take the ground, and no efforts could
bring her off. The scene that ensued was quite laughable,
and what mainly contributed to it was the conduct of the
captain. He seemed perfectly bewildered. Eventually some
of the passengers went on shore in open boats, others by a
large flat, and some returned to Liverpool by the William
Stanley, Eastham steamer, which fortunately came up. The
owners of the Benledi ought to inquire into the cause of the
unwarrantable disappointment caused to the passengers by
their servants.

PROCESSION OF FORESTERS.—Yesterday, the several
benefit societies in the town, under the denomination of
Foresters, walked in procession through the principal streets.
They were very numerous, were neatly and respectably clad,
and wore for the most part, green sashes and white aprons,
ornamented with vine leaves, and trimmed with green or red.
They also wore rosettes, roses, &c. A considerable num-
ber of them were mounted on caparisoned steeds, and each
had a horn slung at his side. Some were dressed in " Kendal
green," with caps and feathers ; others in a more fantastic
manner, illustrative of the days of Robin Hood. Through-
out the procession, which had a very gay and imposing ap-
pearance, there were a number of handsome and appropriate
large flags, ensigns, and small banners. The poles of one of
the flags were supported by a small cart drawn by a horse, a
decided improvement on the straining system of carrying
such ponderous banners by hand. Amongst the emblematical
articles carried by the members were steel and wooden bows
and arrows, battle-axes, spears, the apple-tree with the ser-
pent entwined in its branches, acorns surmounting poles,
shepherds' crooks, &c. They were attended by six bands of
music at intervals,—several of them also attired as " merry
men of the green wood." After rnaking a long route through
the main thoroughfares, (all of which were much crowded on
the occasion by the young and old who delight in sight-see-
ing), the several societies separated and betook themselves to
their respective club-rooms, where they spent the remainder
of the day in merriment and conviviality.
DEATH FROM Loci-Jaw.—Last week, a man named
William Cattarall, residing in Low-hill, accidentally trod
upon a nail. The wound produced lock-jaw, of which he
died on the sth instant. An inquest was held on view of the
body on Friday, and a verdict of accidental death was accord-
ingly returned.

DEATH FROM DROWNING.—An inquest was held on Fri-
day last, before Mr. Curry, coroner, on the body of Emanuel
Thompson. It appeared from the evidence that the deceased
who was 23 years of age, and a painter by trade, had goneinto
the river near the potteries, at the south shore, to bathe on
the preceding evening. He had been learning to swim, but
having gone beyond his depth, was not in above a quarter of
an hour before he sunk. Another young man had gone in
with him, but being no swimmer, could render him no assist-
ance. A person afterwards dived and brought up the body.
—Verdict, accidentally drown9fl.
THE SALOON OF THE ORIENTAL STEAM-SHIP.--The
great cabin of this ship is beautifully ornamented with pan-
nels of papier mache'. There are forty-eight tablets on the
doors and sides of the copartment, made of the material, by
Messrs. Jennens and Bettridge, of Birmingham, prepared in
a manner that renders them more durable than oak : they
never caa decay from dry rot, or become worm-eaten ; nor
are they combustible, or capable of being broken. The tab-
lets are ornamented in arabesques a l'orient, in bronze scrolls
of the acanthusi with gold tendrils and leaves, with sea weed
on a primrose ground, which supplimentary colors accord
well with the black moulding, that is richly covered with bur-
nished gold mapped tracery work, that has the appearance of
being raised from the ground--and produces an effect alike
beautiful by day or lamplight. The makers are entitled to
great praise for the introduction of a material capable of ad-
mitting so much elegance and taste in decoration. We have
received a small specimen of the papier machi, made by
Messrs. Jennens and Bettridge. It is about one-eighth of
an inch in thickness, and has the appearance of a piece of
very hard and strong wood.
FATAL ACCIDENT.—An inquest was held on Wednesday
last, and by adjournment on Monday, at the Tinker and
Budget, in Oswaldtwisle, on the body of a man named
da p
op
ne a r\eBd, e thats
dthe v def
oc er
tans ei
gdh wt asw Liegovi
nrgp Liverpool
wo
nu
biluasri tnl ee ,
Wapping, when, on pasing a warehouse occupied by Sir
Joshua Walmsley, the mayor, a bundle of empty sacks fell
upon him, in consequence of the cord breaking, and knocked
him against the wheel of a cart. He was insensible for some
time, but afterwards revived. After being confined in Liver-
pool for two or three days he came home, and died on Tuesday
week. On a post mortem examination it was discovered
that death was caused from the injury received by the sacks
falling upon him. The jury returned a verdict of " Acciden-
tpl death.''—Blackburn Standard.
