had•the opportunity of seeing an establishment for obtaining
the cocoons at Port Royal, in the island of Martinique, and
I was given to understand that the extreme and constant heat
of the climate had so rapid an effect upon the eggs, that a
degenerate and feeble race of insects was the consequence.
The experiment had not at all succeeded, and was already
very much abandoned. Indeed the success of the introduc-
tion of the silk-worm into the United States, where a more
genial latitude can be found for it, is as yet very questionable.
The speculations have been hitherto very much limited
to the cultivation of plants of a new species of mul-
berry ; and I was told there, that the silk-iyorm was in very
limited operation. Perhaps the cultivation of tea and spices
of all kinds could be advantageonsly introduced into our co-
lonies ; but they would require the import of labourers from
the Eastern Tropics to instruct the Creole people ; and an
experiment that requires the growth of considerabe trees,
requires a very large interval of time ; whereas the evil to
be contended with is iisanediate, and nobody can foretell
what may be its result after such a period of years as would
be required to grow plantations of spice trees. -The vine
grows in the islands, and might possibly be cultivated coin-
inercially, although the constant heat of the West Ine.ies
would not be favourable to its well-doing. The• growth of
tropical fruits, which has been sadly neglected in our colo-
nies, would, I should think, be encouraged by the establish-
ment of steam communication with Europe. There is no
impediment to pine-apples being impoited into Great Bri-
tain, as they now are to New York, as plenteously as oranges,
as soon as the passage across the Atlantic is reduced within
a shorter and more certain compass. I am satisfied, how-
ever, that the cocoa is the plant of the most easy increase in •
the tropics, and that the cultivation of it might even be car-
ried ou by white labourers : it requires but slight manual
fatigue, and this has only to be encountered in the shade.
I observe, that in the course of the years. 1836, 1837, and
1838, the quantity exported from the Windward and Lee-
ward Wands has diminished from 3,300,636 lbs. to 3762 lbs.,
which proves that it either requires fiscal encouragement, or
that an alteration in the tastes of our population at home has
diminished the consumption. I think it might be very ad-
vantageously extended into the cottages of this country, for
it is infinitely more nutricious au article of drink than the
bad tea at present within the attainment of our labourers.
It is very easy, however, to recommend to the colonists to
do this and do that ; but if neither the government, nor the
press, nor the self-styled Arnis des Noirs, are- disposed to
stir a hand to advance measures of some kind for their ad-
vantage, the colonists are in no condition to' attempt them
by themselves : they require seine overt acts of public sym-
pathy at this imminent crisis of their future prosperity—they
desire the confidence and assistance of the government—they
would shake hands and be friends with the abolitionists, and
forget and forgive old grievances.
We have, doubtless, accomplished a humane and well-
intentioned measure in abolishing slavery throughout the
British einpis-e, and we have done it in a most noble
and honourable manner, by paying largely for having
our own way in making the experiment. The abolitionists
are now in the same boat with the planters ; both must strive
to make the success of the free-labour system complete; for
if it should fail in any of our colonies, the abolition of slavery
is thrown back in the world to an indefinite period. If the
plan should be to stand still and do nothing, it will be quite
impossible to maintain the extent of cultivation in the colonies.
1 do not entertain any fears that the negroes will take to the
bush ; but it is the vagrancy* and idleness of a state of reple-
tion that is at present working evil. Coercion is not neces-
sary; the stimulas to industry is wanting, and time must
elapse in order to create a taste for new wants and home
luxuries. Some plan must, however, be devised to obtain
additional labour for these. magnificent colonies, or they will
become iu a very short period a very valueless appendage to
the British sceptre. • •
I trust I shall have been considered to have kept my pro-
mise of treating with moderation and Mirness, the several
questions that have arisen in the course of my reflections on
West Indian affairs. Any party feeling in the consideration
of them would have been unreasonable, since it may be ad-
mitted that successive Tory and Whig governments have been
pretty equally implicated in their mal-administration of the
colonies. The " most thinking people "of this land are too
completely engrossed with their little parish matters, to care
much about distant possessions ; and nothing but such a war-
cry as slavery, or the actual revolt of one of the colonies,
could awaken thentfrom their indifference upon the subject.
Moreover it is rarely found that such -excitement is created
in this country by any foreign or colonial occurrence, ex-
cepting at it affects our commercial relations---:yet the pre-
sent condition of the West Indies must open a most interes-•
ting field of speculation to the philanthropist and statesman,
and it might be supposed that the imperial parliament would
lose no credit in public estimation, by condescending to en-
ter upon a consideration of questions of so much moment to
these settlements • as the constitution of their government
and their colonization.

. *lt is not at all uncommon to see, every day in the week,
crowds of negro labourers; with their guns and fishin.,-
tackle, sauntering about the woods and waters of Guyanaat7tl
Trinidad; and they will even go for days together far up the
creeks and rivers in boats ; affording •ery good evidence that
they are not at all pressed by the res auyusta domi, that
they rather love the sport which " gentlemen who live at
home at ease" partake of.

JAMAICA.-AGRICULTURAL STATE OF THAT

COLONY.

(Parliamentary Documents ; presented August 27, 1839, and
now printed.)
_ .

•
Copies (or Extracts) of further Communications transmitted
to the Marquis of Normanby by the Agent of Jamaica,-on
the 13th day of June and the 12th.day of July, relative to
the Agricultural State of that Colony. .
TRELAWNY.

Falmouth, April 16, 1839.
Gentlemen,--I beg leave, to enclose you a copy of the re-
port of the Trelawny Agricultural Committee for the mouth
of March, and remain, &c.
WILLIAM DA.WSON,. Chairman.
"TO THE COMMISSIONERS OF CORRESPONDENCE.

" Trelawny, April 16, 1839.
" The Agricultural Committee for Trelawuy having re-
ceived 52 returns from different estates in the parish, now
beg to report as follows :
" The returns show the quantity of sugar made on 50 of
those properties, from the commencement of crop up to the
Ist of April, 1838, to have been 24521 hogsheads, and 1861
tierces, and from the commencement. of crop up to the lit
of April, 1839, to be 12751 hogsheads, and 92 tierces, show-
ing a deficiency in the present crop of 1177 hogsheads, and
944 tierces. Two estates have not replied to question No. 1.
The rate of wages paid for day labour and jobwork when
performed, appears to be much the same as stated in the last
report.

.".The returns show a great difference in some instances in
the expense of manufacturing sugar, varying from £4 per
hogshead to £11; but taking the average from the whole
returns, shows a cost of £6 per hogshead.
" It must here be clearly understood that the cost is alone
for the manufacture of the sugar, without any reference to
the cost of cultivation, or other estate's work, tradespeople,
&c.

" Out of 52 estates, only 11 show an increase of labour,
and that in so trifling a degree as to be hardly worth noticing.
" On 10 estates out of 52 a very trifling preparation is
making for next crop, and on the. remaining 42 none what-
ever.

" 44 returns show no improvement in continuous labour;
eight returns show a very slight improvement, and that to be
attributed to higher wages being obtained during the manu-
factures of sugar.
" The returns from 52 estates show a total rent collected,
£43 14s 2d.

" From the foregoing statements, it will be seen, that no
improvement has taken place in this parish since last report,
either in the conduct of the labourers or the agricultural
prospects for next year. The falling off in the quantity of
sugar manufactured, as compared with the last crop, is de-
plorable, and the approaching rainy seasons forebode the most
disastrous results to the planter, for should they set in heavily
large quantities of canes now in the ground must be sacrificed.
Nothing more can be added to this report than has been
already stated, as no change for the better presents itself to
the committee worth commenting upon during the last month,
and the committee can only lament that the evils under
which property laboured at the close of the last report still
exist, and that the opinion thereunto annexed of the causes
of those evils remains unchanged.
Blank forms of returns have been regularly forwarded to
all estates in this parish, but the committee extremely regret
to observe an indisposition on the part of some managers to
fill them up, as will be • seen by the few now sent home,
amounting to 52 out of 83 sugar properties in Trelawny, and
it must be quite evident that if the necessary information is
withheld, the exertions of this committee will be rendered
useless. and the object for which it was appointed (namely,
to show the real state of property in this parish, and the
actual evils under which proprietors are suffering) must be
defeated.

" W. DAwsoN, Chairman.
True Copy, " JOHN DUFF,
" Clerk to Commissioners of Correspondence, Jamaica."

ST. GEORGE.

Returns have only-;et been received from the following
sugar plantations, viz. Spring-garden, on which the number
of apprentices on the Ist August last, according to the Al-
manack, was 409 ; Woodstock, 210 ; Law Leyton, 248 ;
Lenox, 238 ; Skibo, 170 ; Iter Boreale, '213 ; Caen-wood,
206 ; Gray's-inn, 213 ; Dover, 119 ; Paradise, 127. From
the returns of these estates, it appears that the total amount
of the rent received on the whole of these estates from the
Ist August, 1838, to the Ist of February, was only £22 10s. ;
that the negroes do not work in a regular or continuous
manner, particularly in day labour, often not working more
than five or six hours ; that the cane pieces are foul ; culti-
vation in bad order. One estate the return is " about 50
hogsheads sugar lost, in consequence of the small week's
work done ; the canes rotted on the ground:" That the in-
jury done to the canes by the trespasses of stock, owing to
the negligence of the cattlemen, and often to the refusal of
the labourers to attend on the cattle, has been very exten-
sive, notwithstanding the high payments made to the cattle-
men, viz. at Spring-garden £66 a year, with houses and
grounds rent-free, medicines, and medical attendance ;
Woodstock, 40s. week among three ; Low Leyton, £5 per
month fur the horned stock, and 10s. per week for the mules;
Lenox rather more than Low Leyton ; Skibo about the same
as Lenox ; Dover, two men at 10s. each per week, and one
boy 6s. Bd. On one estate the overseer reports, " the crop
has been injured to the extent of 30 acres, principally plants
Ist and 2d ratoons, on account of the negligence of the
watchmen and herdsmen. The above 30 acres have been
entirely destroyed by the stock, and not a single cane remain-
ing, besides 23 acres seriously injured, half eaten down. On
another the overseer reports " a loss on the estate of 40
hogsheads of sugar for crop 1839, arising from the negligence
of herdsmen." The quantity of sugar made from the Ist of
August to the 25th of December is little more than half in
the most favourable returns ; but considerably less in many.
One• overseer reports " the sugar made from the Ist of
August, 1837, to the 25th of December same year, 50 hogs-
heads: the sugar made from the Ist of August, 1838, to the
25th of. December, same year, 19 hogsheads."

CORRESPONDENCE BETWEEN THE SECRETARY OF HIS
EXCELLENCY THE GOVERNOR AND THE CUSTOS OF ST.
THOMAS-IN-THE-EAST AND ST. DAVID'S, JAMAICA.
King's House, April 30, 1839.
Sir,—ln a letter addressed by you to the clerk of the Coin-
missioners of Correspondence, under date the 14th of Janu-
ary last, and communicated by Mr. Burge officially to the
Secretary of State, you state " the people' said they did not
want the money, and that being free they would not work
more than they " thought proper, such is the result of the
bad advice they have received."
His Excellency having received a copy of this letter, and
been required to report upon it, I am directed to request you
will state to whom you attribute the " bad advice" you al-
lude to, and the fact of its having been given, which induced
you to make, your report in those terms to the Commission-
ers of Correspondence. I am, &c.
The Hon. M'Cornock. C. H. DARLING, Sec.

Golden-grove, Port Morant, May 8,1839.
Sir,—l have the honour to acknowledge your letter of the
30th ult., No. 387, informing me that the governor desires
I will state to whom I attribute the " bad advice," and the
fact of it having been given, which induced me to make the
report I did in my letter to the Commissioners of Corres-
pondence. The fact of file people, not only in this parish
but throughout the island, having got bad advice, appears as
clear to me as the sun at noon day.
105 people began work on this estate on Monday, the 6th
of August, on the terms that had been offered to them in
writing in June, viz., ss. per week for five days for able la-
bourers, with the free use of their houses and grounds, and
having medicines and piedical attendance provided for them.
Ten of the people went that day to. Mr. Stipendiary Justice

Chamberlaine, in Manchioneal, and on returning, they tOld
the others that he said they were not to work unless they got
much higher wages. People from other estates came during
that night, and by advice and threats caused nearly half of
those who had been at work in the fields not to resume la-
bouragain during the remainder-of the week, and many for
Several weeks afterwards.

The people always told me that, being free, they had been
informed they should not work more than they thought pro-
per; they stilt say so, and act up to it.
For four months or more alter the Ist of August the. peo-
ple were in the habit of going from all the estates in this dis-
trict to Mr. Chamberlaine, and they invariably said he had
told-them that which could not fail to Ue injurious to the es-
tates. lam satisfied they often misrepresented or exagge-
rated what he did say to them, and I told himself so; but
seeing the influence he had over them; •• 1 requested him in
January, when we had commenced crop, to come here and
explain he law to them, with their just rights 'and duties ;
he accordingly came on the 24th of that month, and I had
all the people convened to meet him. Previous to his going
to them, 1 gave him a document (a copy of which is here-
unto annexed marked A,) which had been previously ex-
plained to them, and I requested him to do so again. As
the he said he entirely approved of the terms proposed, I
wished him to advise them to enter into a contract before
him for king off the crop on the terms which he admitted
to be liberal, but he would not do so, because if they broke
it they could by law be sent to the House of Correction. I
said it would lay with the magistrates to fix the time for
which they would be sent, or, in the words of the law, tos
abate the whole or any part of the wages " due to the la-
bourers, and to discharge them from the contract, as to the
magistrates might seem proper ;" still he refused.
He spoke to the people upwards of an hour and a half,
pointing out their rights and duties under the law. A man -
named Richard Edwards had previously gone to the King's-
house, and-on returning informed the people that the "Go-
vernor had told him he should not pay rents for either his
house or grounds," although he had done no work for the
.estate during four months. I, of course, knew this could
not be true, but I firmly believe he was advised to say so,
more especially as he had always been a good man during the
27 years he had been under my charge. As he still insisted
it was true, he was called up before Mr. Chamberlaine, and
he repeated the same, when Mr. Chamberlaine 'told him
" he must be mistaken, ashis Excellency never said any such .
thing." This man persevered in refusing 'either to work or
to pay rent until some time afterwards, when I distrained on
his furniture, and he is now working very well ; he was one
of the ten who went to Mr. Chamberlaine on the 13th of
August.

Chamberlaine gave the people, as I understand, very
good advice. lie wished me to be present, which I de-
clined, as I thought my presence might have been some
restraint either on him or them during their long interview.
They admitted to me and to others afterwards, that what
he had said to them about the law, &c., was precisely the
same as they had heard repeatedly from me during the pre-
ceding six months ; but they alleged, and so did the people
on other estates, that what he said to them in January was
not the same as he had said to then► before; this, of course,
was only their assertion, but they still say so, and I believe
that few or none of them went afterwards to ask his advice.

As this gentleman will probably be in England when this
reaches the Colonial-office, he can confirm or otherwise all
that I have stated as to what was said between him and my-
self.

My impression is, that he, perhaps from the best of mo-
tives, lent himself too much to the side of the labourers, un-
til he found results following which he never had anticipated.
It is only fair to add, that he latterly exercised his influence
on several estates in a way that was very beneficial to them.
It is well known that when• " bad advice" is given in any
part of the island, it soon extends over the whole, by the
idlers who are constantly going about, and by the newspapers,
which many of the labours in this dictrict read, and the
others have read to them.

For instance, they all well know that advice had been given
long ago, " let, the•canes rot on the ground, and the.ships go
home in ballast," rather than take less than a certain rate of
wages ; that it was said £lO,OOO would be laid out in land for
them, that they might be independent of the planters ; that
the stipendiary magistrates in St. Andrew's had refused to
sign warrants of ejectment, unless the proprietor would show
where the labourers were to find a place to reside on; that in
another case they refused to sign unless the proprietor agreed
to let the labourer, who had done no work since July, have
four months to take out his provisions, in addition to the
three months allowed by law.
It is certain that very bad advice was given by the stipen-
diary magistrates in a paper called The West Indian, or Co-
lonial Freeman, published by him last year, and which he
got up (as he said in his prospectus) expressly for the use of
.those lately emancipated. He told them in substance, that
by their physical strength they might defy the power of the
proprietors to elect them.
The advice that had the worst effect of all has been that of
setting the people against entering into contracts on any
terms, which deprive us of continuous labour. That they
have been so advised there can be no doubt, from the univer-
sal dread which they evince even at hearing the subject
named.

As his Excellency may require further proof, that when
bad advice is given in other parts of the island, it is soon
known here, I take leave to state, that last week the people
in this district knew that a Stipendiary magistrate in St. Anne's
had advised some who were in gaol for debt to remain in it
rather than pay, although the attorney had offered to release
them if they would only agree to work out the amount due by
them for rent.
This information was the more noticed here, as we have
lately been suing for rent from those who will not work.
The governor is aware that my letter to the commissioners
of correspondence is not the first in which I had stated my
belief that the people had got bad advice, for I mentioned the
same to you in my letter of the 22d of August. In writing it,
and that of the 4th of September, I had a painful and ungra-
bious task to perform, in conveying to the governor unwel-
come information of the true state of this part of the coun-
try. But lam sure his excellency and her Majesty's go-
vernment will admit, that a magistrate who refrains from ho-
nestly but respectfully doing his duty, from the fear of giving
offence in anv quarter, is unworthy of the trust reposed in
him, especially at a crisis like the present, when so grand an
experiment is in progress in this important colony. Gloomy
as my forebodings then were, sorry am I to say, after eight
months' further experience, that they have been more than
realized in this parish, by the bad working of the people and
consequent loss of valuable property, which cannot with
truth be denied by any one' and which I still firmly believe
has arisen in a great degree from the bad advice given to the
labourers. I would not have written at such length, but from
my anxiety to show both his Excellency the Governor and
her Majesty's ministers just and ample reasons for what I
said in my letter to the Commissioners of Correspondence.
I feel that I should have justly forfeited my character and
betrayed the interests of this valuable colony had I written
otherwise than I did. I have, &c.,
THOMAS 111`CORNOCK, Custos.
C. H. Darling, Esq.
