St Avrn Y.

Petitions praying the abolition of negro slavery were pre-
sented by the Marquis of Westminster, Lord Suffield, Oh in
number,) and the Bishop of Bath and Wells.
The Archbishop of CAN:TIMBER; on presenting a petition
from the minister and elders of the presbytery of Dumblaine,
praying that in any measures which might be taken with re-
spect to the Irish church, care should be had that the interests
of the protestant church should be regarded, expressed his en-
tire concurrence in the prayer of the petition.
Lord BExLEY presented a petition praying the adoption of
some measure to secure a better observance of the Sabbath.
The Earl of STRADBROKE presented similar petitions from
Woodbridge, and other places in Suffolk.
Lord WYNFORD presented a petition from the inhabitants of
Barton-upon-Humber, against the 19th clause of the local
jurisdiction bill.
On the motion of the Earl of SnArrcstsuny, the house ad-
journed at half-past five o'clock.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.—MoNnAy, MAY 20.
The Speaker took the chair at a quarter past 12, and the
house was occupied in the reception of petitions until 3 o'clock,
when the Speaker left the chair.
The house resumed at 5 o'clock.
Sir R. HERON brought up the report of the committee on the
Carlow county election petition. The report declared Messrs.
Blaekney ana Wallace to be duly elected; and the petition
against their return neither frivolous nor vexatious.
On the motion of Sir J. Wrottesley, a new writ was issued
for the county of Stafford, in the room of Mr. Littleton, who
has accepted the office of Chief Secretary for Ireland.
A new writ was issued for Stroud in the room of Mr. Ricardo,
who has accepted the Chiltern Hundreds.
Mr. Ili ME gave notice, that he should on the 30th instant,
move the appointment of a committee of inquiry into the frau-
dulent allegations of a petition which he had presented from
Stroud, which allegations he found were an imposition on him-
self and the house.
Lord ALTHORP stated, in answer to a question of the Mar-
quis of Chandos, that ministers were determined to proceed with
the measure relative to the slaves and West Indian colonies
during the present session.
The SoLlciroa-GENERAr. in answer to a question of Mr.
Hume, said that he expected, in a few days, to submit a mea-
sure for amending the law of arrest for debt to the considera-
tion of the house; the bill to he founded on the recommenda-
tion of the common law commissioners.
Lord ASHLEY postponed the second reading of the Factory
Regulation Bill till the 17th of June. He would not give way
to any other motion on that evening,—he would not compliment
away in mere forms of courtesy the lives and interests of 50,000
unfortunate children. (Cheers.) By that time the time allotted
for the commissioners to make their report would have more
than expired.
The order of the day was then read for the house resolving
itself into a committee on the _ _ _

CHURCH TEMPORALITIES (IRELAND)
BILL.
Mr. GILLON, pursuant to notice, rose to move as an amend-
ment, that it be an instruction to the committee that the tem-
poralities of the church of Ireland be resumed by the legislature,
to be by it applied to purposes of general utility after the demise
of the present incumbents. The hon. member, in support of
his motion, contended that Ireland never would, and never
ought to be content till it was entirely relieved from the mon-
strous burden of the church establishment. It was most unjust
in pirinciple, and most indefensible as a question of political ex-
pediency, to compel the Catholics and Protestant Dissenters of
Ireland to pay for the support of a church of another class of re-
ligiccelists. (Hear, hear.)
Mr. C. RIPPON seconded the amendment. The present bill
was a fraud upon the common sense of the nation, and was a fla-
grant instance of the departure of ministers from those professions
of reform of which they were so lavish on their accession to office.
The present church establishment was a monstrous usurpa-
tion of the rights of the people—an outrage upon common
sense—a mockery of every principle of justice. The welfare
of the many was the end of all government; a national esta-
blishment should promote the interests and he in harmony with
the feelings of the majority of the nation : but who was auda-
cious enough to assert that the church of England promoted
the interest, or was in harmony with the feelings, of the people
at large? Ministers must know all this very well, but were
afraid to vex the aristocracy by an effectual measure of church
reform. But the people would no longer be deluded; they
knew and felt that the church establishment was but part of the
system of making the people pad- for the support of the younger
branches of the aristocracy. Such was the undeniable fact.
This country was aristocracy ridden. All their laws tgnded to
prop up and swell out the aristocracy at the expcne of the
people at large. Such were their laws, and stilt more their
'ass- of primogeniture ; and such was the object of their mon-
strous church establiShment. What right had the church of
tigland to assume to itself any superiority over any other form
Of Christianity? It certainly had no warrant from Scripture;
quite the contrary; nor from prescription: in fact, it had no
authority, sate that of an act of Parliament.
Lord -A
',Tomas did not feel it necessary to enter into an .ela-
borate defence of the "church of Ergland against the vehement
attack of the hon..member who had just addressed the house.
(Hear.) The hon. gentleman assumed that everything he dis-
approved of must be detrimental to the public ;"but the hon
member was not all out a pope, and therefore not infallible.
("Hear," and a laugh.)
Colonel EvANs was convinced that the present bill would not
Satisfy- the people of England, not to say of Ireland. He would
vote for the amendment.

Mr. FINN spoke to the same effect.
Mr. SINCLAIR was confident that the Dissenters of Scotland
entertained very different feelings towards the church of Eng-
land from those alleged by the lion. member (Mr. Rippon) op-
poszte.
After a few worth from Mr. ROEBUCK, in support of the
amendment, the house divided :
For Mr. Gillon's amendment
Against it

126

Majority llO
On our readmission to the gallery, we found the house in
committee, and.
Sir R. INGLIS objecting to the lay constitution of the corn-
tnissioners appointed under the 24 clause. It not only gave
them a majority, but a preponderating influence over the eccle-
siastical commissioners._ _ _ _

Lord ALTHORP defended the clause against the objections of
the right hon. baronet, and said that to obviate some of them
he proposed to alter the 7th clause, so that no act should be va-
lid under the seal of the commissioners unless one of the eccle-
siastical commissioners should he a consenting party thereto.
Lord S.s DON recommended that the archbishops and bishops
should select delegates to act as representatives of their own
body in the capacity of commissioners, instead of giving that
power to the government. They would thus escape being
mixed up with any appearance of political feeling, which would
be likely to excite jealously in the minds of their brethren.
Colonel WOOD defended the conduct of the Board of First
Fruits. The whole of the first fruits last year amounted to
£40,000, and that board had expended i.:22,000, or more than
