TURKEY AND EGYPT.

German papers to the Bth instant state that the negociations
between Ibrahim and the Porte were proceeding satisfactorily,
and promised an amicable conclusion. Ibrahim himself is
said to be as anxious for an arrangement as the Sultan, and the
first overture for the mediation of the French Consul is stated
to have come from him. Constantinople is tranquil, but the
bustle was observable in the marine department. An unlooked-
for friend and ally has sprung up to the Sultan in his hour of
need, for the Shah of Persia has sent to offer his best assistance
against Mehemet Ali. The English and French agents are
indefatigable in striving to accommodate matters between the
belligerents.—Aforaing Paper.

JAMAICA.—By letters received hi this place from Jamaica,
dated the 7th January, we are happy to learn that the holidays
had passed o'er quietly. Serious disturbances were, however,
apprehended during the approaching elections, although the
uniita.ry were considered a sufficient protection. Some of the
oldest residents were of opinion that things were taking a very
similar turn to what was experienced in SL Domingo previous
to the insurrection in that colony. The governor's conduct in
dissolving the legislature at the period he did, was very much
condemned, and he was becoming much less popular than he
had been.

THE FACTORY SYSTEM.—A numerous meeting of the inhabi-
tants of Manchester was held on Thursday last, to take into
consideration the propriety of petitionince, Parliament to shorten
the hours of labour in•the factories. This meeting was attended
by persons of all classes and descriptions, actuated by a feeling
of commiseration for the unfortunate children, who, until their
cause was taken up and advocated by Mr. Sadler, were left the
victims of a system of slavery far more severe and cruel than
any which ever did exist, towards the slave population of our
West India Colonies, of which we have heard so much.

POVERTY IN BLACKBURN.--The following is from the Black-
burn Altired :—There are at present in Blackburn 1738 families,
consisting of 9779 persons, whose incomes have been ascer-
tained to amount to £B2B 19s. 7d. per week. This, after de-
ducting rent and taxes, will leave a:55 3s. 7d., or on an aver-
age, for food, clothing, tire, &c., per head per week.

WRECK OF THE ROTHSAY CASTLE STEAMER.—The cause
Mason v. Colquitt is expected to come on, on Wednesday morn-
ing next, in the Court of Exchequer, London. The witnesses
on both sides are extremely numerous. The editors of several
'Liverpool and Welsh papers are subpoenaed on this trial: among
the rest, the writer of this paragraph. Another action, Watson
v. Rocktfff and others, is expected to be tried on the .26th, in the
King's Bench, we believe.—Albion.

MEETING AT THE NORTH DISPENSARY.-A special general
meeting of the governors and subscribers to the Liverpool Dis-
pensaries was held on Friday, at the North Dispensary, Vaux-
hall-road, "for the purpose of dqtermining the propriety or
impropriety of introducing . a limited number of beds, for
urgent cases, into that building." After a long debate, during
which several motions and amendments were proposed, a desul-
tory discussion ensued upon the order in which the various amend-
ments should be put; and ultimately Mr. Mozlev and Mr.
Thom withdrew their amendments. A show of hands was then
taken on Mr. Jordan's amendment, which was negatived by a
considerable majority. A show of hands was next taken for
Mr. Lawrence's motion on the one part, and the amendment
of Mr. Tinne on the other, when it was found that 22 voted for
the amendment, and 26 for the original motion. The, latter was
then declared to be carried. Another meeting has been called
to consider the propriety of rescinding the resolution adopted
on this occasion, and ;it hich sanctioned the fitting .up of beds.

SlR,—Perhaps the following statement of the number of deft"
and dumb persons receiving instruction in the various institu-
tions for that purpose throughout the world may interest some
of your readers. It is extracted from the third report of the
Royal Institution, at Paris, for the education of the deaf and
dumb, recently published; a report which, from the copious in-
formation it conveys, and the important suggestion as to the
best mode of communicating instruction to that unfortunate
class of the community, does great credit to its framers. It con-
tains, in fact, a complete view of what is now doing in the way
of deaf and dumb instruction, in every country of Europe and
America. From the statement about to be given, it appears
that the proportion of deaf and dumb persons to any given po-
pulation is as one to about 1,500. This would make the number
so circumstanced in Liverpool and its environs 150 nearly; of
whom those between the ages of 7 and 15 may be assumed at
about 50. To receive these, and even a larger number, the.
Liverpool School for the Deaf and Dumb is quite adequate.
At present those under its instruction amount to 35, only 24 of
whom, however, belong to the town. According to the French
report, the whole number of this unfortunate class of society
now receiving instruction throughout Europe, is 3290; and in
Asia and America, 410:—total, 3730: while the total number
of deaf and dumb persons throughout the world is estimated at
546,150. Much ground remains, therefore, to be occupied; in-
deed, with a few exceptions, the cause of deaf and dumb tuition
is but yet in its infancy. France, Prussia, and Great Britain
appear to take the lead in this good work. The former country
has the honour of having commenced it, in the year 1760.
Saxony, in 1778, was the first to follow the example, by the es-
tablishment of a school at Leipsic. England made no effort in
this way until 1792, when the London asylum was opened un-
der the direction of the late Dr. Watson. To the exertions of
private benevolence it would appear that most of these humane
establishments have, in the first instance, been owing: such, it
is well known, was the case in our own town, where a gentle-
man, whose heart is always open to every suggestion or Idea
likely to promote the benefit of his fellow-creatures, and whose
name I with difficulty suppress, took upon himself, for several
years, the pecuniary responsibility attending the experiment of
educating deaf and dumb children, at the same hours and under
similar regulations to those of other day-schools,—an experi-
ment which happily has been crowned with success, and through
which numbers of the deaf and dumb of our own town have al-
ready received such a measure of education as affords them the
power of acquiring useful knowledge and of interchanging idi;av
with those around them.

That to the genius of Christianity, not to the dictates of a
cold philosophy, mankind are indebted for these philanthropic
exertions, it would be very easy to prove. Greece and Rome,
in all their glory and intellectual refinement, were strangers to
the spontaneous exercise of charity and beneficence. It was
reserved for the religion of Jesus Christ to shew to what extent

man may carry into practice the sublime principle of d
estedness, and of loving his neighbour as himself.

Yours, &c

HUMA;

Mei .4e.det
ce, cez Cq
,J•

... ~.., A in in tO 00 at .. keD t'il .... C. 4 \ 0 e.O CSI OD r, OD
0..1 C 4 P. C 7

ao czz 594 5.2 77.2
As-- 0,1,5 rrz
r. GV ••-
_ r•t

TO CORRESPONDENTS.

isinter-

O
' ie.'
f.a
►4
ae;

We thank A Poor, FELLOW who proposes to send us his "mite"
towardf defraying the expenses incurred in opposing the pay-
ment •of the town dues; we should recommend him however to
keep his money for a better purpose.
An OLD PARISHIONER, in Clarence-street, will perceive that.
another Parishioner has anticipated him.
to V we beg to say, that it is not true that the gentle-
man respecting whom he inquires sailed yesterday
.in (.ompany
with Captain Back for the northern regic-
suspect his anti-corporate zeal will cool qui
severe a remedy. -
We will thank AGITATOR, to favour us with
the day.
If AJAX will furnish us with a list of the sW
of which he speaks, we will very soon cond
"not afraid" to publish it.
We thank A for his poetical effusion.

In anmer

Q
:~I ~~
'~~

ick enoti : :: id
in e . I
,„Ae 'sr - :.•
011---3;"4.
