LAYING THE
GEORGE FOUNbAS TION STONE OF ST.
' HALL.

At half-past twelve o'clock the teeth of horses drawing the
foundation stone in the procession, arrived at the Old ir6.trary
yard. Arrangements had been made for accommodating a
number of ladies to witness the ceremony, by the erection of a
large elevated platform, the admission to it being by tickets,
through a door, at the corner of Lime-street and London-road,
broken through the wall. Previous to the arrival of the pro.
cession, a detachment,of the 88th Regiment of Fusileers en-
tered the yard, and formed in line to the right of the founda-
tion. The folding doors of the yard having been thrown open,
the foundation stone was drawn in to the edge of the foundation
of the intended building, and the tackling which bad been
erected for the purpose of lowering it having been liked, it was
raised off the dray. and suspended over its final resting Place.
The §tone was an' immense squared block of granite. The.
procession now began quickly to arrive, and form in the yard
around the site of the foundation. The platform was crtt*ded
with ladies, who most enduringly sat out a smart shower, which
passed over. At length .the Mayor, roWn-clerk, members of
the bountil and clergy arrived, and, the freemasons, making a
masonic arch with their 'swords, they passed under and de-
scended into the foundation, previous to laying the stone. The
rain at this moment passed. off, and the blessed sun of heaven
Shone-brightly forth, and as it mete, smiled approvingly oh the
scene. Several of the principal officers of the freemasons also
descended into the sunk foundation. A bottle, containing the
coins of the:present day. and another bottle, closely sealed op,
containing a Liverpooll'rice Current, a 'Gore's Advertiser Of that
'tnorning, and several pamphlets of recent publication, were
then placed in the eatrits, of the stone on which the fouudation
stone was to rest, and alarge massive brass. plate, 16 inches by
14/ thick, very handsomely engraved by Messrs. Yates and
Hess, with the following inscriptions was placed over the
aperture _ -

SAINT GEORGE'S • HALL.
The first stone t)r this edifice was laid on Thursday, the 28th
day of June, 1838; being the day of the Coronation of our
gracious Queen Victoria. • • •
Under the direction of
WILLIAM RATISRONE, Esq., Mayor of Liverpool:
COMMITTEE OF MANAGEMENT.
Rev. John Brooks. rector. of this parish, Chairman.
• Hardman Earle, Esq.. Deputy Chairman.
James .Aspinall, Treasurer.
henry Booth. Esq. Ambrose Lace, Esq.
W. Wallace Currie, Esq. Joseph Lawton, -Esq.
W. Dion, Esq. Charles L, • • -aatenee,,s q
•
-William Earle jun. Esq. John Moss, Es -
Pattison Eilains, Esq. • . John Stewart,Esq.
Joseph C. Eivart.Esq. Samuel Turner. Esq.
Samuel Esq. , .Joseph N. Walker, Esq.
Joseph Horubv, Esq. Thomas Winstanky, Esq.
Samuel Kearsfey, Esq. . John Wright, Esq.
, Edward G. Deane, Esq. s7retarieS:
' Thomas Harvey, ,Esq., ,
The stone having been lowered. tinder the direction of Mr.
Tomkinsiin, the clergy decended into the. foundation and
fOrmed a circle round the stone.
CH ARLES LAWRENCE, Esq., one of the committee for build,
ing the hall, then, .taking the silver trowel, advanced to the
Mayor. and, addressing him; said, in the absenee.of the chair,
man of the St. George's. Hall committee, the honour had been
delegated to him of present!ng the trowel for laying the stone to
his worship He regretted sincerely that it had not fallen into
abler hands than his to perfrorm this duty. Eut it was with the
greatest satisfaction that he presented the trowel to the Mayor,
as the head of the Town Council, for the sdpport that body had
given to this undertaking for their active co-operation in pro;
curing authority to grant the cotomittee the land on which they
were now going to commence to build; and moie particularly for
having waived all minor difficulties and enabled them to begin
their undertaking on that joyful day, namely, on the coronation
day of their youthful and beloved sovereign. It wag most gra-
ing to him that on the'present occasion they had tin diVisions
of any kind. (Hear.) They' were all united in endeavouring
to cherish and to advance those institutions which were a credit
to their kingdom. (Hear.) Ile had great pleasure in being
the instrument of .presentiniz to the Mayor the trowel on this
occasion, as he was satisfied that no -individual would rejoice
more in the undertaking of a 'building which Would be a et edit
10. the town, and would add to the gratification and amusement
of their rearm-townsmen (a-pplanse).
The MAYO.: (receiving the trowel) said=l liey leave to ac-
knowledge the honour ; and t lust and Lidi•P that the town coon
cil wilt ever so conduct themselves as to receive the cordial
support of their fellow-townsmen. (1-lar.) It is a giatirying
thing to rue to be Mayor on this occasion. With your per,
mission, I would beg to piesent ihis trowel 'to' the Bight Wor-
shipful Grand ,Master, and -trust that the building, the founda-

,rtrprr,ivrr • c.v.-40.10e

tion of which is laid l,v. that hedy masons, will he useful tof
w the ton and Oroainental in every way. (Applause.)
The Nlayor here presented, the trawel to the R. W. G. M.
the Freemasons; and the inscripton above ou the brass plate
having been read by Mr. Samuel Holme, the formergentleman
praceeded to go through. the usual ceremonies of laying a
loondation,stoile, trying it with a plumb, rule, and square,
which were severally presented to him, by officers amongst the
Freemasous, Spreading ,the mortar with the silver trowel, and
striking the.lowered stone with a mallet , • • • •
When the ceremony had been gone through, the Rev. Rector
Campbell, all. hats being raised, read a number of appropriate
and impressive prayers 'from the Church of England service,
praying the blessing of the Almighty on their work, and that
it might be one to His honour. •
After this a kind of masonic sign was gone through of raising
the hands, and clapping them on the legs with a loud noise.
The Mayor and the R. \V. G. M. of the Masons'then ascended
the elevated platform, and the R. W. G. M. announced to his
worship that he had gone through the ceremony of laying the
stone, and hoped that the building would be an honour and an
ornament to the town. (Hear.)
The MAYOR then said—Fellow! townsmen; I have just. re-
ceived information from the Right Worshipful the Grand Mas-
ter, that the stone has been laid of St. George's Hall. I beg to
congratulate my fellow-townsmen upon that stone being hid.
Its objects will be, in the first place, that the parish meetings
shall have a place, not a place of worship, in which the discus-
sions of the parishioners can be carried on. For it has often
appeared to me a disgrace to the town of Liverpool, that 'these
discnisions, which are. often of a painful, and of a harassing
natare, should be carried on in a•place of worship, where alone,
peace with our neighbours, with God, and on earth should be
preached. The second object which we have in view, is that
there may he a place where town's meetings may be held. it has
been a discredit long to the town of ,Liverpool that there has
been no such place. This building is laid under the auspices
of her gi-acious Majesty; and.,l trust, that our youthful Queen
will shed a softening influence over all the asperities that do,
take place in Party conflicts and that the objects brought for-
ward in this intended Hall will be only for the good of.the
country, and be conducted iu a Christian spirit. (Hear.) The
last object is, and I ;nay address the ladies on that, that our
oratorios, in future years, may he held in this building, a space
sufficiently large to give to our triennial festivities, and, be it re-
membered, our trienuial acts of charity—to give hem a larger
space and a hall _fitting -this great town, and fitting the music
of Handel .and of. Beetboyen. Ladies and gentlemen, I hope
that this stone • being now laid, it will not.. be .long before
the building is raised also. I call upon the . ladies especially
to join us, with husbands, relations, and friends, to at once
fil! up the •subscriptions. And when I look at that great en-
trance to this place, (the railway station.) that a stranger may at
once see a building which will-do credit to the town of Liver-
pool, and favourably impress those millions who are daily arriv-
ing by the railroad. (Hear.) Gentlemen, allow me to congra-
tulate you on the prOceedings of the day.having so far passed off
with such unanimity and such cordiality. It is big...ly conaistr
ent thafevery gentleman should maintain his own opinions;
but, at. the same time, when we can be on neutral ground, for
God's sake let us be so. (Cheers.)" Let the good old town of
Liverpool be remarkable. for its fights on the day, of fights, and
for its corclialcii.;:oPerationiu the'day- of peace. (Loud applause.)
God bless her !Majesty, and God bless you 411 4Loutl cheering.)
'On the ' pre kisition •of Mr: CHAS. L W4NCb., three cheers
were then given flit her %jesty. . . . . . •
The MAYOR then -proposed that the 30,0901 persons around
him should sing "God save the :Queen," with a shout that
Should be heard at Windsor. (Cheers.)
-'•The'itrithern Was the-it' Sung., accompanied by the band; after
Which; three cheers were given. The detachment of infantry
then tired a fee de joie. "God save the 'Queen" was again
played;- three cheers were given by the soldiery, and three
Cheers-for the ladies, and the proceision re-formed ,aud
persed.•

HE LIVERPOOL STA NDA R D

TOWN COUNCIL PROCVEDENGS.

On Wednesday a rpecial meeting of the Town Council was
held. .

THE CORONATION ADDRESS.
The MAYOR said, that the first business was kr receive from
Mr. Barclay, the chairman of the coronation committee, the
address which that committee was directed to prepare for the
approval of the cnuncd., .
Mr. Alderman BA rCLA Y, On the part of t he committed, begged
leave to present the address which had been prepared for that
occasion. Ile had oily further to add, that in forming this ad-
dress it had been the Ojeda the committee to make it of such
a character that all wirties could join i❑ it, and while omitting
nothing that it was desirable to say, inserting nothing to which
an v one could object.
The To wN-C LEItK then read the folllowing, address t
To HER MOST GRACIOUS MAJESTY QUEEN VICTORIA.
7/me dutiful address of the Magor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the

Bo;'ottgli of Liverpool.
May it please your Majesty —We, the Mayor, Aldermen,
and litrgessee, of the borough of LiverpooLapproach your Ma-
jesty with the sincere expression Of our dutiful attachment to
your Majesty's person and government, and to offer our wannest
and most heartfelt congratulations on your Majesty's Corona-
tion.

. . .
We pray the Great Disposer of events that your. Majesty's
rein may be long, happy, and prosperous, and that the triumphs
which its historian shall have to record way be peculiarly those
of peace.

We look forward to the United
,Kinkslorn,.under your Ma-
jesty's protection, continuing to set an example to other nations,
I by :he promotion of the spirittralising principles of Christianity
at home, and the diffusion of our holy gospel among the mil-
lions of our fellow-subjects abrhad; liy,founding
.a system of
national education ; by the advancement of thearts and sciences,
and by their useful application; by the final extinction of slavery
wherever the power of England extends ; by softening the ame-
lioration of the state of the negro population; by softening still
further the rigours of the criminal law; and by providing ade-
quate means for the reformation of offenders.
We rely on the vigilant maintenance of the honour of. your
Majesty's crown. as the, best security for the preservation of
peace.
With humble deference; we respectfully bring. under your
Majesty's notice one subject of great importance, on which
mainly depends the prosperity of the realm. England is pre-
eminently commercial; her merchants and manufacturers have
the whole world for competitors. On the part of the govern-
ment of this country, therefore, it becomes a sacred obligation,
and no more than a simple act of justice, that every class and
every individual in the realm should be allowed full scope for
the profitable exercise of his industry and talents. Humbly
and earnestly we would pray to your Majesty, to direct the at=
tention of your Majesty's advisers to the favourable considers-
' tion of the great question of free trade.
Our country is renowned for her domestic Virtues; she is
proud of her sciences of social happiness and home enjoyments:
your Majesty's private and personal character has suabled your
subjects to indulge their dearest sympathies ; to enable their
best duty on a Sovereign who will respond to their feelings,
I and whose highest ambition is to reign in the hearts of tier
petiple.
. ,
May it please Him by whose wisdom kings reign, and princes
decree justice, so to guide and direct your Majesty, that the
feeling of most devoted loyalty and attachment, so honourable
to your Majesty, and to the community which now prevades all
classes, may continue to strengthen and increase, and that your
Majesty may ever reign in the hearts of a devoted, happy, and
free people.
Mr. Councillor HENRY LAWRENCE said, as he conceived that
there could be no point in it in which they were not all
unanimous, he had great pleasure in seconding it. He would
not take up their time, as he was sure that no person could
quarrel with what was introduced.
Mr. Councillor BIACKBtItN suggested that the term " United
Kingdom ' should be made use of instead of " Great Britaiu"
in the address, because the latter did not include Ireland.

Mr. Couucillui BOLTON suggested thatthealter;;;lveshould
be to " this empire."
Mr. Councillor. BLACKBURN'S suggestion Was acted upon.
The address was then carried.
BILL FOR THE BETTER ORDERING OF PRISoINS.,
The TOWN-CLERK read the report of a bill for the better
ordering. of prisons, now before Parliament. The report set
forth that the bill re-enacted the power of the council as to the
enlarging, &c. of prisons on certificate of expe-
diency from the recorder. The bill gave powers to the council
to borrow money for building, &c. on any plan, first approved
by the Secretary of State. ,Powers for regulating the prison
were given to the justices, but no order for money to be of force
till confirmed by the council. The justices to have the power
of removing the governor, chaplain, surgeon, and every other
officer. The council are to fix the salaries of officers, but no
alterations, in this respect, are to take effect without the con-
hent of a majority, of the justices. Under the direction of the
finance committee, the Town-clerk teported, that he had wade
certain representations to the Home-office, under which, he
understood, amendments had been made in the bill. The third
of these was, the appointment of the gaoler by the council, in
all boroughs, in which, as in Liverpool. there was a civil court
of record, under the process of which debtors were committed
to the prison.
Mr. Alderman Evers rose and said,—Mr. Mayor, I consider
that Liverpool is at the head of all the municipalities in Eng-
land that have grown out of the late Reform Bill. 1 consider
that it is deeply responsible to the whole of the empire, but
most intensely so to its own constituents, for the example which
it sets, and which I believe the whole world is looking at a
great deal more attentively than we ourselves, that it should he
worthy of the cause of reform. Ido maintain, sir, that it is the
duty of this council to retain and to return inviolate to the Con-
stituency that sent them here, all their powers and privileges of
whatsoever sort or kind, (hear,) which we are possessed of.
We were intended by the Municipal Bill to be possessed of the
appointments of the tail; we were expected to build a jail, and
expected to support it. I cannot conceive we can part with the
appointment iu it of a scullion without betraying our trust.
Now, sir, I cannot believe, and I do not believe, that the go-
vernment have the slightest desire to take these appointments,
nor are they aware of those bills that are hurrying on under
their name and sanction—that they are calculated to depreciate
corporations in the eyes of the world—that they are nibbling at
their jurisdiction, and that they are doing in a furtive manner
thatas hich, if it had been originally proposed in the construc-
tion of the bill, the government itself would have opposed.
Had it been proposed that government should take the appoint-
ments of the jails, and hand them over to an external—if 1 may
call it—an external magistracy; which may ultimately, in the
course of time, be antagonist, Lord John Russell would have
conceived at that time, in the spirit of his efforts to get muni-
cipal reform—he could have deemed it necessary to have used
every effort to have opposed the transfer of the patronage of the
jail to the magistrates. Now, sir, I acquit the government of
having any design to counter-mine or sap the popular principle
of municipal government; I acquit them also of any intention
of choosing that bill, but nevertheless 1 do contend that a direct
insult is offered to us in that bill. What are the conditions of
it, sir? Why, sir, the prospect is held out that it is this council,
the responsible representatives of the people, that are to have
the appointments—that if there is to be a sin hereafter,• it is to
he prompted by them. The magistrates, who are nominated
for life and are irresponsible, are deemed by implication to be
always the unerring party. Now, sir, I would be glad to know
—I have the greatest respect for the magistrates of Liverpool;
I know them all very well; but I will say that they are all mat-
ter of ornament rather than use; and we have got very properly
a stipendiary magistrate here, whose legal knowledge gives us
a wholesome Uniformity in decision. 1 would not wish in any
way to alter that, but that there is left the magistrates of Liver-
pool no official exercise for their minds. Their meetings also
are what are called closet meetings; their modes of discussion
are of quite a different character to this council, where we have
reporters, and where all the world knows that nothing can be
slurred over. But moreover, sir, the intensity of the insult-1 can
not find milder words—of the affront is, I think, by their not being
content to let the magistrates have the entirety—to let them have
the recommendation of every body in it; but won't trust
the council afterwards with the conflimation of the appoint-
ments—they will not trust those whom the people have trusted,
and they will hand the patronage over to those whom the peo-
ple have no direct influence over. I came here to ask of those
who have not veryY prudent minds but exceedingly slow pulses,
who say that you had better not say this, and better not say
that, naturally meaning that the best mode is to crouch before
superior authority on all occasions; that it is no matter whe-
ther you are right or whether you are wrong, that your bearing
should always be the same,-..that you should go in a kind of
criminal form in order for peace. The great are men and they
are as liable as others to calculate men at the value they put
upon themselves. But whenever the great are resolved to
make encroachments, the only way is to meet them at the
beginning; because their encroachments will always acquire
additional force as they go on. The other bill which we have
mentioned here—the Pilotage bill—is not before me. As I hive
already observed, i do conceive that we are not at liberty in
any way to part with any power or any privilege with which
we are invested; therefore to do our duty to our constituency,
it behoves us to make every effort which is in our power to re-
sist the restrictions of any honour or any power of this council
whatever. that if we are to part with power let it be in open
day. If the Municipal Bill is a reality, it will protect us; if it
is a thing, of straw we may let it as well he destroyed. Now as
to another item, I move that the committee be instructed to
draw up a petition to government, complaining in the most
strenuous manner against the bill for repealing the cotnplete
existing powers of this co' mration over the jail, the officers and
appurtenances in ever), respect.
The 111symi.—I beg your pardon, will you say anything
about the Pilotage
r. Bill.
NlAlderman EvArss.—lt isnot vet mentioned.

The MAy.,a.—The council will excuseineTh*O; stating that
the reporters are admitted to the meetings of magistrates when
sitting in session; and I think the magistrates should have the
credit of being as much above-board as we are in this council.
And I should not like the responsibility to be taken from these
magistrates by saving they are "merely ornathental" They
have a large prison to superintend, and if they are "merely or-
namental" there, they are not doing their duty. (Hear.) I
will not enter into the debate, but I think it right, to set the
council right on these two points. (Hear.)
Mr. EYANs's motion "That a petition be presented to the
ii 'use of Commons praying that the appointments vested in
the c iuneil be not interfered with or abridged,"_was seconded_
Mr. if4wDort, anti agreed to the mover and seconder and
Town-Clerk to draw up the petition, and the Mayor to fix the
corporate seal to it, that it might go off that day:
Mr. Councillor BLACKnUtIN thought as thsit was the first
attempt to encroach upon that council, no expense should be
spared to resist it, and suggested that a deputation should. he
sent up to support the gentlemen i❑ the most efficient way. Fu-
ture magistrates might be appointed under a change of ministers,
and then they might be antagonist to the council.
The M "Y6l( Would suggest that the deputation should see
Lord John Russell and enforce this, and it was suggeSted that
the Mayor and Ald. Barclay anti Mr. Couneillor Houghton. who
Would be in London to present the address, and Mr. Ald. Benn
and Air: Ald. Evans, who were also on of her deputationS, should
form the deputation with any other members of the council %JIM
might be in London.

BILL FOR THE REGULATION OF PILOTAGE.
The TOWN-CLERK explained that this was a public bill which
did pot except Liverpool, which, Since 1666 had been made un-
der the government of Comtnissioneri who had power to elect a
Committee of Management. He belieired the intention of the
prbposed enactment was Well underStorid to be the removal of
the power Possessed by the connissionera, to a board in LonL
don.
Mr. Alderman EVA Ns believed that question was now so well
understood he would not trouble the council with any remarks.
He thought they should send up another petition on the part of
the council as in the other case to resist the removal of the
management of the pilots front Liverpool.
Mr. Councillor Bt,Acknuak—Praying that Liverpool may be
liberated froth the bill.
Mr. Alderman lf.v A rii—Yes.—Cin every grOiind Liverpool is
entitled to it because they want to liadher over, to a corpora-
tion d high lind as contemptible an origin as ours, LjetitfOrd in the-
Strand; which, from being near the seat of goVeritinent has gone
on eticrolching; and every encroachment has added power to it,
and it ig now going to make anoth-r. and is at length bearding
the Liverpool lion and wanting to swallow us up.
A petition and deputation as before were then agreed to oh
tbms question.

I'MPR'ISONMENT FOR DEBT BILL
tie OWN-CLERK Said there was souther bill to which be
would draw the attention of the council—the bill foi the abolition
of arrest, which. had now been transmitted bum the Those of
Lords to the Eitotise of Commons very materially anieuded.
The effect of that bill woold be to abolia•li arrest for debt in all
cases except that of debtors leaving thy, kingdom, in which. the
power of arrest was retained under the direction of pne pf the
judges of the superior courts. Direction was also made fur re-
gistering, in London, all judgments on real roperty which!
could in any way affect the titles; but it was directed in the.
County Palatine, in the Court of Conynon Pleas, there should'+
.
be a register of judgments kept at Preston, which would, ii pose.
the inconvenience and expense of a double search. 1-1 e would.
therefore suggest that the judgments of Common Pleas ebould
be registered in London instead of Preston. He also suggested
that the officers' of the borough should have poWer to' arrest
debtors abscoodinz from the county as heretofcre—a power
which had green exercised with very beneficial effects; the pro-
cess to be returned into the superior courts, the advantage only
being that creditors would be enabled to procure writs in Liver-
pool against absconding debtors, and the process woatd goo°
the same as if it were from one of the superior courts.
The suggestions of the Tovrn-clerk were agreed to; a memo-
rial to their effect to be made out.
REPORT OF THE' CHURCH ENDOWMENT COMMITTEE.
The Mayor, in allusion to this subject, trusted the arrange-.
ments that had been entered into would set this long pending
question at rest, and, to borrow a phrase of his-triend Alderman
Brown, that the totc.ahewk and the hatchet would be buried to-
gether. It viola(' be particularly :ratifying, that on the' eve of
the celebration of the coronation of their Virgin Queen, a mat
ter so calculated to restore peace and concord should be settled.
The Towst-ci.eati therr read his report, prepared under rhe
direction of the church endowment committee, which wassome-
what to the following effect :

REPORT.
Church endowmentquest ion now unsfer appeal to the Lords from
thejudgment of the Lord Chancellor, which declared the set-
tlement illegal, and overruled the Judgment of the Master of
the rolls to the contrary
The Town-clerk, on behalf of the church endowment com-
mittee, reports, that with the advantage• of the mediation of
Thos. Jas. H a 11, Esq., he has come to art Wrrangement with Mr.•
Lloyd, the solicitor to the trusts-es, whereby Mr. Llovd, ow their
behalf, proposes to the Council and the Town-clerkrunderiakes
that the church endowment committer will recommend to the
Council the termination of the quesrioni upon• the proposal
stated in papers subscribed by Mr. Lloyd add. the Town-clerk,.
of which the following are extracts:
Ist, That the following stipends of ministers 311'41 coutinue for
life, viz.:—stipends for life paid by the late council, but not
within the 68th section of the municipal corporations' act as not
being usually paid for seven years before the period mentioned
iu that act.

Rev. 3. Brooks, rector £ls4,
A. Campbell, ditto
J. B. Monk, minister of St. George's lO5
.1. C. Prince, ditto, St. Thomas's - 55
J. H. Stafford, ditto, St. Paul's
W. Blundell, ditto, St. Ann's •... 40
Rubt. Davis, ditto, St. David's loo'

£650
. .
2.—That the ernincil shall consent to the following arrange-
ment with ttie parish of Liverpool :
, I.—That atter the decease, resignation, or removal of
either of the present rectors, there shall be one rector only,
and rhereupen all allowances on the part of the parish, be,
vond the legal provisions, shall cease.
11.—That during the incumbency of the survivingor con-
tinuing rector, the emoluments of the sole rector shall he
his parochial stipends of £lOO and £lOO as before, (the life
stipends of the corporation continuing to him,) the whole of
the provision file two rectors flow seat-rents, and the whole
of the fees heretofore. belonging to the two f ectors, and dur-
ing such incumbency the perish shall be further released
from the stipends of £lOO and £lOO, provided by law for
the other rector.
,•
111.—That after the deCeasei resignation, or removal of
both the present rectors, fhe emoluments of the sole rector
shall be the parochial stipends of £lO3 and £lOO, and £lOO
and £lOO, now payable to Muth rectors, the whole of the
provision from seat-rents, and the whole of the fees.
IV. —That the allowances to the presetit rectors, hereto-
fore annually made by vote of vestry, shell continue during
their joint lives, and be made obligatory On the parish; but
thereafter, as already mentioned, shall cease.
V.—That the stipends of the four parish ctirEifea shall
continue, as heretofore, annually voted by the parish at
£lBO each, and altogether £l2O, and be made a legal charge
upon the parish.
3.—That on the decease, resignation, or removal of either of
the minister of St. George's, tbere shall be one sole minister
only, and if the surviving or continuing of the present ministers
of such church shall be the Rev. John B. Monk, he shall dis-
charge the whole duty without any provision for assistance, (Mr
Monk being comprised in the table of life stipends ;) but if
such surviving or contiuuing minister shall he the Rev. T. G.
Leigh, he shall succeed the Rev. Mr. Monk, and discharge the
whole duty without any provision tutr assistance, and be entitled
to the present legal stipend of £5O, payable to Mr. Monk, but
not to any further emoluments (Mr. Leigh having a life stipend
under the 68th section of the municipal corporations' act); and
that on the decease, resignation, or removal of the surviving or
continuing of the present ministers, every succeeding sole mini-
ster shall be entitled, in addition to the present legal stipend of
£5O, to a stipend of £2OO, payable by the corporation quarterly,
and to all the fees now belonging to the ministers of the church.
4. That upon the decease,-,resignation, or removal of one of
the ministers of the church of St. Thoinas, the surviving or t on-
tinuing minister shall be the sole minister, and be entitled to
the legal provision and emoluments of the other not payable by
the corporation, but not to any further provision (such survey-
ins or continuing minister being entitled to a life stipend cum-
prised in the table of life stipends, or under the 68th section of
the municipal corporations' act) ; and that on the decease, re-J,
signation, or removal of the surviving or continuing of the pre- I
sent ministers, every succeeding sole minister shall, besides the
legal provision and emolument's payable to eitber, but not by
the corporation, be entitled to stipend for life of £lO5 per
annum, payable quarterly by the corporation.
s.—That, upon the decease, resignation, of removal of the
first or second ministers of the church of St. Paul,-the sur-
viving or continuing of the said ministers shall be the sole mi-
nister, and be entitled to the legal provision and emoluments of
the other, not payable by the corporation, but not to any fur-
ther provision (such surviving or continuing minister being en-
titled to a life stipend, comprised in the table of life stipends, or
under the 68th section of the municipal corporations act); and
that on the decease, resignation, or removal of the surviving or
continuing of the present ministers, every succeeding sole mi-
nister shall, besides the legal provisions and emoluments pay.
able to either, hut not by the corporation be entitled to a stipend
for life of £Bb per annum, payable quarterly, by the corpo-
ration.

6.—That, upon the death, resignation, or removal of the Rev.
Wm. Blundell, the present incumbent of St. Ann's church,
every succeeding minister of the said church shall be entitled
to the stipend of £BO, payable quarterly, by the corporation,
besides any stipend or emoluments to which he may be other-
wise entitled.

7.—That, upon the decease, resignation, or removal of the
minister of St. John's, every succeeding minister shall, besides
any stipend or emolument otherwise payable to him, be en-
titled to a stipend of i.:20 per annum. payable by the corpora-
tion, quarterly.
B.—That, upon the death, resignation, or removal of the Rev.
Robert Davies, the present incumbent of St. David's Church,
every succeeding minister shall be entitled to the stipend, of
£lOO, payable quarterly, by the corporation, besides any stipend
or emoluments to which he may be otherwise entitled.
9.—That, upon the decease, resignation, or remotat of the.
present assistant minister of Sr. Martin's, that office sballetase,.
and thereafter there shall be only one sole minister; and that:
after the decease, resignation, or removal of such assistant
minister, the sole minister shall be entitled to an additional
stipend of £2O, payable quarterly, by the corporatioty, nt ddle.
whole tg the fees heretofore belonging to the two iniaisters; but
the sole minister shall be under obligation to provide a curate,
who shall be paid by him a stipend not less than 470 per annum.
And that, after the decease, resignation, or removal of the said
assistant minister, the stipend for such assistant minister, now
payable by the corporation, shall cease.
10.—That. the present rectors, and future sole rector, and the
present and future curates. and the said present ministers, and
future sole ministers, of St. George's, St Thomas's, St. Paul's,
St. Ann's. St. John's, and St. David's, respectively, taking auy
benefit under this arrangement, shall, as to all stipends, whether
under this arrangement or otherwise, howsoever payable, by the
parish or corporation, be subject to the like provisions as to
residence and personal performance of dutiesas are contained
in the church endowment deed as to the stipends therein men-
tioned.

11.—That, the suit now pending be dismissed ; and the costs,
as between attorney and client, of the relators, the trustees, and
the corporation, comprising all charges reasonably arising out
of, or incidental to, the endowment question, be Paid out of the
borough fund.

The foregoing proposals Mr. Hall, in furtherance of his me-
diation, undertakes to submit to the palish authorises for appro-
bation.

FURTHER STIPULATIONS.

12.—That, the arrangement shall he finally carried intb effect
by act of parliament, as after-mentioned, and by the payment
to the treasurer of the borough, to the account of the borough
fund, of the suns of one hundred and five thousand pounds,
' with all dividends and interest thereon, or the transfer of the
securities for the same, and the dividends and interest thereof,
as the council may direct.
"13.—That these proposals of the trustees shall be void,
unless confirmed by resolution of the council in teh days, but
otherwise shall be binding on the trustees from this date.
11—Provided that the proposed arrangement is subject to
confirmation by act of parliament, to which the trustees and
council shall be consenting and assisting, any expenses relating
thereto being borne by the borough fund.
The effect of this arrangement would be,
I.—That stipends for life, subject to residence and per-
sonal discharge of duties, are to be granted by the council to
the amount of 1:50 per annum.
11.—That stipends to take effect after the determination
present offices are to be granted by the council to the amount
of (after deducting I.:180 per annum arising from the cessation
of assisant minister at St: Martin's) of £,105 pei annum,
including, in this amount, St. George's, at E2OO.
111.—That all costs are to be paid out of th'e borough
fund.
The Town-clerk further reports that the fund is invested in a
loan to the Grand Junction Railway Company, at four per
cent. per annum, and that the interest allowed thereon has been
paid into the bank of MessrS. Moss and Co. where interest upon
it, at three per cent., has been allowed. The whole fund is
£115,5181, besides the bank interest.
The Town-clerk submitted, for the consideration of the com-
mittee, whether it should not be recommended to the council, in
addition to the proposal of Mr. LloYd, that interest at the rate
allowed by the bank of Messrs Moss and Co. should be allowed
on all stipends noir to take effect, the Payment of which hai
been suspended and the committer have unanimously decided
I on a recommendation to the council to that effect.
_

. _
After a few words from Mr. Bolton, who moved his adoption;
and from Mr. Charles Lawrence, who seconded the Motion, the
report was adopted amidst gent•.•al cries of " Hear; hear."
The TOWN-bLERK then read the minutes of the Finance
Committee on this subject, as follows'—
The town-clerk; by direction of the Church BneloiitnentCom-
tnittee, communicated the arrangement proposed for the settle-
ment of the church endotiluent question us a'ppioved by that
committee.

Resolved tinanimouslvi—That thin committee eiltirelyeoncur
in the particulars of this arrangement.
The town-clerk further reported, that at the first Meeting in
the late negotiation with Mr. Lloyd on the church endowment
question, the town-clerk. before she agreement hail been en=
tered into, took the opportunity to renew the otter tirade bhim
to the solkitors of the trustees of the endoivinent deed; under
the direction of this 'ecimmitteein 11i:36. and then not ticceilted;
viz., that all StiPetids in anyevent payable-thatie, tinder the
!it•titi section of the eiuldwilient be set aside, under the endow-.
Mew deed, if the endowirent be established, ihould be paid
without prejudice, arid the amounts nocessaly for these pay-
ments should be advanced by the corporation; and that such
arrangements might stilt be desirable, as time must elapse he.:
lure bill could be obtained for the legal iCompletions of auJ ge-

neral agreement now entered into. And that the ofer of pay-
tnent by the corporation of the said stipeuds without prejudice
so renewed, had been accepted by Mr- Lloyd on behalf of the

trustee',

fiesokeit—?lit the report be approved.
Scone trther remarks and explanations were wade try several
mein-hers, and the council rose at a quarter past twelve o'clock,
the mayor first announcing that hlr. Hugh Horahy would 1.. a
the mayor-depthe during his absenr.4 iri London_

Lord Lismore will, we understand, be raised to the English
peerage at the coronation. The creations are likely, we be-
lieve, to be very pew—the promotions in the peerage will be
more numeious.—SisSi".
Among the arrivals at Quebec, in the suits of Lord Durham,
is announced that of "Mr. Turton, regal adviser." We fear
that the writer of the court circular m that country had not re-
ceived his proper cue, or he would hare been told that Lord
Melbourne had isisitively denied that Mr. Turton bad gone out
in any such capacity (?).
Trait lot TR4oL.—'File trade remains steady, as far as,
respects prices, but orders are acCtimulating for all descriptions
of iron. We understand that another rise of five per cent. in
wages, bas taken place in the iron-works throughout Wales,
being the third increase, amounting to nearly 25 per cent.,
withiu the last twelve wontlas.—Birmingham Herald.
On the stlr instant, a powder magasine, situate within three
quarters of a league from SC Gall, in Switzeiland, blew up
with a tremendous noise, and occasioned the death of eleven
individuals. A pebble; thing over the wall by a child, having
struck against a nod of the roof, the sparks set fire to the pow-
der dust which covered it, and this produced the explosion.
SPONGES.—M. Dujerdi6. having repeated his observations
on Spongillae. or fresh water sponges; .as•well ,as others on
marine sponges, thinks he bas proved, that these ambiguous
beings are positively groups of animals, capable of contraction
and extension. H a piece be detached from a living sponge,
and Submitted to a microscope,. it,will be seen to group itself
into irregularly rounded Misses, and cf;ange the. form of its
edges incessantly :‘ isotateld portions, detached tram the gene-
ral mass, move slowly in the and creep along by means
of their alternate contraction and expansion,
BANYASUPTGIES.—The Daintier el bankruptcies gaierted in
the months of January, February; March, and April. of the
present year, was 320. In the tirst four months of 1835, the
the nurnbet of bankruptcies was 365; and in the correspond-
ing period of 11336, in a season of great commercial activity,
about 330. Of the bankruptcies which occurred during the,
four months, ending April last, 6 were in Lincolnshire, 6in
Derbyshire, '3 in Nottingliarriehire, and 38 in Yorkshire; the
number in Lancashire was 33, and in Middlesex 58.
81113701. TRADB-SMEWS CONSERVATITE SfrClETs.—The pro-
; ceedings oftb'e annual meeting of this society, held on Tuesday,
will be limed in our second page. The members were highly
deiighted to crowd once more round their staunch and ex-
cellent resident, Mr. Daniel, and to add another assurance of
their atrachtnent to the than whom bird John Basset, vainly
endeavoured to degrade by erasing his name from the hat of
magistrates. We rejoice to add that Mr. Daniel is in good
health, and es ready as ever to head the band of Bristol con-
servatives. Let them, on their pasts, be active, vigilant, and
united, prepared for a contest whenever it may take place,
either municipal of parliamentarv, and success will crown their
, efforts. Aod tbi3, *e entreat them to recollect, they must be,
or this will consent to deliver' over the be interests of this city.
iirto hands ready to sacrifice them to their revolutionary and
Co'norsitT:'osi .SEATS.—At the Coronation of George 111. a
small house in Coronation-row, after the scaffolding was pai4
for, cleated £7OO, and some large hottses upwards of £l,OO.
The ground-rent where the seaffahlidg Was built was extrava-
gantly high; that in the Broad Sanctuary was £3 13s. fel per
foot, and that within the rails enclosing the abbey was five
guineas. The following is an acivertioement taken from a
Journal of the day, the Public Adoentiser=, Sept. 11, 1761 :—To
be let for the coronation a iihote house in New Palace-yard,
which has a full view of the ChaMpion and procession, with beds
in it, and all other conveniences to bring their own servants for
their attendance; or it may be divided for separate companies,"
not less than 12 in each ;all to be within,doors.—lnquire at the
sadler's at the corner of Parlimnent-street."

AUSTRALIA.—Lord Glenelg has preparA a bill to present to.
the House of Lords, to continue until December 31, 1841, and
from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament,,
an act of the 10th Geo. IV., for providing for the government of
the settlements in Western Australia, on the western coast of
New Holland." It will be read the second time on Friday—
(this day.)
NOVEL Move oF SWINDLING.—LateIy a number of adver-
tisements appeared in the Scotch provincial papers, from seve-
ral parties, supposed to be all in collusion, to the effect that the
London morning and evening papers could be sent out on the
day of Publication at about two-thirds of the published price:
A sine quo non to the bargain was, that "the money must be
paid in advance." It is ueedless to add that, in possession of
the needful, the advertisers continued to send the papers only
during the running of their advertisements, in some cases half
the time paid for, and in several iustances less.—Scotch paper.
[Similar advertisements are now ping the round of the Eng-
lish provincial papers, aid have appeared in some of the Lon-
don journals.]
THE GAG IN IRE SiFE4r,Vat,yit.—Hardiy a week elapses
without a steam boiler explosion, bywhich many perions are
either killed or dreadfully injured. We have again and again,.
considered it our duty to point attention to one great cause of
these accidents—a cause to which we are co'nffdent almost every
case of the kind may be ascribed. As long as the present safety
valve is used it is impossible to prevent occasional explosion of
the ordinary boilers in small steam-boats,.and for the plain and
simple reason, that the valve, loaded or •unloaded, dues not al-
ways allow the escape of that extra pressure, or accumulation
of steam within the boiler, which takes place on the stoppage of
the engine or any other cause. The valve is liable to getgagged
at any moment, and, therefere, there is no mechanical security
against the danger of explosion in such circumstances. • We
are aware that, unsafe as the valve is, it must be put up with
till a better is discovered; but it is surely high time that the
attempt was made to find such a substitute. Let a suitable re-
ward be offered to the inventor of a teal safety valve, by the
proper parties, and it will soon be found. The government
should then make it imperative on all engineers to adopt it --
Edinburgh Evening Post.
POLARIZED LIGHT.—M. Biot, in a memoir read to the
Academy of Sciences, proposes the application of polarized
light to detect the variations in isomerical substances; among
several instances, this distinguished philosopher adduces guru
arabic, which, when dissolved in water, gives a rotation of
molecules to the left, but, on applying sulphuric acid, this rota-,
tlin gradually changes to the right, while a precipitate is found
at the bottom of the vessel which contains it. M. Biot suggests
the test of polarized light to all chemical combinations, as
opening a new and extensive field of the most delicate observe-
tions. " Would it have been believed," says M. Biot, " some
few years back, that the impressions produced by the vibrations,
of a musical instrument on liquids in motion should be the best
means of evincing the physical mode of operation by which
their flowing is operated?"
PUNNING LAWYERS.—Dr. Johnson used to say that a mad
who will make a pun will pick a pocket. We would not for the
world insinuate that lawyers pick potkets, though dome of them
delight imperpetrating puns. Would it not, however, be as well
for the. profession in steer clear of the doctor's sarcasm. The
' learned gentlemen %the figure before election committees are, if
Hthereports tell truth, more addicted than the rest of their bre-
thiwo to this exercise of the quibbling faculty. It seems they
have yet to learn that law is no joke. If they can get their
clients to laugh along with them it is. all very well, but should
the client happen to be ode of those dogged mortals whprefer
their own interest to the smartest joke that ever slide front
under a lawyer's wig. we suspect that his laughter would lie at
the wrong side of his Mouth at finding his cause turned into a
'farce fur the-amusement of the committee room. Ai all events,
let who will join in laughter at the pun, there is one man to be
pitied—the poor devil whci pays fur it.
LAUGHABLE Aiseboots.—Our Steward was a Barbadian.;
who had never been out of the Carthean sea until the present
voyage; !hi predecessbr had died at Antigua, of the "new runt
fever." One morning, after we got into cold weather, as I was
talking to .Diktor Grey; he Caine to Us, looking eery pale, with
his eyes protruding froth their sockets, like a harpooned dol-
phin, and altogether BS much alarmed, as though he bad been
visited by the ghost of tits friend Jumbee. " Oh, doctor!" said
he; and he stopped short. as though his, utterance was choked.
What is the wafer with you, man ?" inquired the doctor,
hastily catching his wrist, and feeling his pulse, as it were me-
chanically. "1 is a dead man," said the steward mournfnllv
and deliberately. " You have the strongest pulse for a dead
man I ever felt. In the name of God, what ails you ?" said the
physician. "Don't
you See? rejoined the steward. " See
what ?" GreY. "Wby," replied the Steward " the smoke
is coining out of my mouth." The fact was, the Barbadian
never having been in a cold climate; he was utterly astonished
on perceiving, when he came on deck, as he expressed it, that
the smoke cattle out of his Mouth; in other words, that the
rarity of the, atmosphere made his breath visible. After ex;
plaiping to the poor Barbadian the cause of his needless alarm;
we enpyed a hearty laugh et his expense. It was, however; no
laughing matter to the steward ; for fear bid so gut the better
of him, that, he was sick four days after this, yet was he any-
thing but ti ediatd.— West Indian Sketches.
Bu ris"' GuLt.s.—These birds, which were supposed by some:
to have become more rare since the establishment of the k.uow-
ledge Societies, are Still to be found in large numbers on the
Banks of the Avon. On Monday last, a Modern liartis, of the
name of Cuurtnay, advertised that he would fly over the river
Avon, from the loftiest point of Bt.. Vincent's Rock, to the So-
inersetshire side: immense flocks of gulls crowded to see the
performance,. and a considerable collection was made for the
Flier; hut unfortunately the machinery of the wings had teen
damaged, and the only flight perflrined Was the rapid flight of
Icarus from the enraged spectators. His wings were riot of the
hey
wfireodsthsoaear
nyolgiia.o.l,l,s;pttbs
eenuededr-
least assistance to him on this occasion, for his pursuiri Speedily
of
ers, to
eared,
iovertook i
ab: bum, aansdwreo
beardlled him
one ei no
thef th eincurto:)
titres
!re:
wdu th.
uo.spwh
toeocr shocking."
hanesgs.e'h'mi
gbh? assembled Phis
tt
pßit
caht reminds
h.,tihne'i countlesssp r 0
a man jump into a quart bottle; when expectation had been
said that unforeseen circumstances had•
prevented him on the
present ocbisiou, but if they would come at
the same hour the
next day, they should see hint j •
unip into a pint bottle!—Mer-
Ow Guardian.

A
DomEsTic R AGEE:6%—A tragedY, of a painful and appal-
ling character,
)wasathrtei
particulars,
nyagspreeezerttdr:aeide,id,nAitnh,e,tnhuLenawgkevel satidell
ye7Fo:pfirrrteesoastf.
Alabama. The
bla.htetol
personal attraction, the daughter of a farmer in that neighbour-
hood, had formed an acquintance with a youth of wild and dis-
solute habits; and her parents, in consequence, forbade him the
house, aqd exerted themselves to sever the connexion, by pro-
viding 'Miss Julia Maria' with a steady, middle-aged husband.
The squire having performed the ceremony, 'the happy couple'
set off for their home on the borders of the great prairie, and
for six months the lady apPeared perfectly reconciled to her lot;
find exerted herself to love, honour, and obey her liege lord.
One morning, as the larmer was returning home with his rife
and dogs, he met hi
-s former rival, who accounted for hisomddert
appearance by saying, that be had just returned trout New Or
leans, where he had made a rare speculation in Texian lands,
and that it was his intention to emigrate to his new pritpery,
soon as he lied ComPieted some family arrangements. The un-
suspicious husband invited his friend to pass a day or two with
hint, saying that, although he should be obliged to go to Lake-
ville. the next day, the other could amuse himself until his re-
turn by shooting the prairie hens, or fencing in a patch of Cot/7i
whicheirei• he pleased. The other consented, and returned tip the
house with the boipitable husband. The next dey the yonnpmi man,
renewed his intimacy with his former Sweetheart, -and 'lli
suet:cried in exacting a promise that She would, the next morti-:
log, rim away with him. The husband, in the meantime. hart
gone on a tour to the prairie, in search of game, and was not
expected to return for sevetal days. He had his misgiving;
however; .and, retitinitig home late at night, Ire Sias a horrified
Witness of big own dishonour. Without attempting to disturb
the guilty pair, lie, fired his berme iu three Witten-tit places, the
flames creeping through the upper glories, and encircling lb.
roof of his once happy home. the wretched woman and bet
'paramour Were arunield frJiii their adulterous dreams by the
genies, and rutlbed to the Windows to save themselves by leap
lug out, belaii stood the intonate& husband with his tile,
and, the moment the casement was openek.lte tiird with ulna.,
ingairo, grid they both fell amid the burnius 01,1-0 .14
