TO CORRESPONDENTS.

It is not our present intention even to allude to the subject of
Curator's letter.
We thank our friend Argus for his hints, but our eyes as well
as his are upon the party and their iniquitous proceedings.
Poor Mary Anne's elegiac stanzas have been consigned to "the
devouring element."

rbt itiberpool .fttanbarD.

FRIDAY AIORNIIVG, JULY 12, 1833.

The London journalists who have espoused the cause
of Don PEDRO speak in very. confident terms of the re
alization of their dreams, and the success of the expe-
dition under the command of PALMELLA and NAPIER.
We suspect ifttlie whole truth were told, it would be
made to appear that the Stock Exchange has more to do
with these dreams and this•succoss than either of the
above heroes. The Times '.some time ago put Oporto
in possession of Don MIGUEL, on which occasion a pretty
considerable sum of money changed hands. At present
the same honest and honourable scribe is delivering up.
Lisbon to PEDRO for a similar purpose. Gentlemen of
the city of London, take care of your pockets ! -
Since writing the above we have received the following
from our Plymouth correspondent :
" Plymouth, 10th July, 1833.—1 have little to acquaint you of,
except that there is now an organized system in operation for
the purpose of supplying from this country officers and menfor
Miguel's fleet. Amongst other places, a rendezvous is establish-
ed here, and more than one officer has joined from this vicinity.
It is by no means improbable that an expedition will be de-
spatched from this place, ere long, for the Tagus, consisting of
steamers, transports, &c., &c., with seamen and materiel for the
ships of war which are said to be in preparation. We have no
later news from Portugal than that contained in your journal
of the sth instant. It is, however, reported that the Euphemia,
one of the ships of the Pedroite expedition from Oporto, had
been lost on the coast, and that her crew .and passengers, con-
sisting of 93 English, were made prisoners of war by the troops
of Don Miguel.

The " poor man's cheap law bill," as it was hypocriti-
cally called, but which was nothing more than a bill to
encourage litigation, increase the number of low attor-
neys, and confer enormous patronage upon Chancellor
BROUGHAM, was thrown out of the House of Lords on
Wednesday morning, by a majority of twelve. Ministers
have consequently sustained another signal defeat. They
have been beaten in both houses within the short space of
a week, and yet we hear of no well-authenticated rumours
of resignation. Come foul' weather or fair—come hail-
storm or sunshine—they stick to their places and stand
unmoved. The broadest hint is lost upon the incapables.
When detected in one blunder they quietly allow them-
selves to be drubbed, and then commence another blunder,
careless of being laughed at, and callous to reproach and
public scorn.
The speech of Lord LYNDIIURST on the above occasion
is as masterly a display of eloquence and truth, of sound•
reasoning and convincing argument, as ever was listened
to within the walls of Parliament. The noble Baron
proved to demonstration that the very sources of justice
would be pulluted by Lord BROUGHAM'S cheap courts,
and that the expense of this cheapness would be £50,000
per annum more than is paid to all the judges and ,
courts in Westminster Hall. Speaking of the .mode pro-
posed for summoning a jury' tinder the cheap bill, Lord
LYNDHURST observes :
" In ordinary cases the law had shown the most extreme jea-
lousy lest the judge should have any thing to do with the array
of the jury. The sheriff, as a'ministerial officer, was made the
functionary on the occasion—he summoned the jury. The
judge, unknown to any party but for his legal attainments and
high moral character, went down to decide calmly, and without
partiality, between party and party. But who was the minis-
terial, the summoning officer by this bill? Who? Why the
Registrar of the Court (hear) the travelling compassion of the
Judge himself (Loud cheering.) The whole of this part of
the bill was so monstrous, that .he could not conceive for a
moment that it was penned by his. noble and learned friend."

We exceedingly regret that our limits prevent us from
laying before our readers the whole of this admirable
speech. It ought to be printed 'in a cheap form, and
placed in the hands of every poor man in England, in
order that he might see the mass of absurdities which it
was intended to force upon him in the shape of law.
Lord BROUGHAM'S reply was not an argument; it was
merely a tissue ,of personalities, delivered with much
soreness, and characterised by the noble schoolmaster's
bad taste. The truth is, he was overwhelthed by the
unanswerable objections of the Chief Baron.

Whatever may be the professions of Ministers, their
proceedings are little calculated to give satisfaction to the
West India body ; and we need not travel far for evi-
dence of that fact.

On Friday last a meeting of West India Proprietors,
Merchants, and others, interested in the West Indies, was
held in London, " for the purpose of ascertaining the re-
sult of the application made to Mr. STANLEY for a copy of
the bill to be brought into Parliament by that gentleman
respecting slave emancipation;". that excellent specimen
of an honourable and right-Minded English nobleman,
Lord HAREWOOD, in the Chair.
The noble CHAIRMAN stated to the assembled body
that he had made application to Mr. STANLEY, in accord-
ance with their unanimous feeling, expressed at a pre-
vious meeting, for a copy of the bill, Which had been re-
fused; and Mr. STANLEY'S letter to his lordship was read,
as follows

"My Lore,—l have the honour to acknowledge this day the
receipt of your lordship's letter of yesterday's date, containing a
resolution passed by the -West India proprietors, requesting to
be furnished with a copy. of the draft of the bill for the abolition
of slavery. It is • with ranch regret teat I• feel myself compelled
to decline complying with any request coming from so respect-
able a body, and transmitted through your lordship, and the
meeting will be aware of the extreme inconvenience that might
result from.the practice of submitting to the public discussion
of numerous bodies of persons interested the details of a bilrnot
let before the legislature; With' regard to the present measure
I have felt it my duty to communicate the intentions of the
Government in strict confidence to the agents of the different
West India colonies, and to them alone, to invite their remarks
upon the provisions of the bill with reference to the effect which
they may have upon the interests of their constituents, and
your lordship on the part of the West India body has been
made acquainted with the principle upon which we propose to
legislate. It does appear to me that a further publicity given
to the details of the bill before it is submitted to the legislature
might be productive of much inconvenience, and I trust that
your lordship and the,meeting will be disposed to admit the va-
lidity of this objection, in which, indeed, I understood your
lordship to concur when I had the honour of seeing you at
this office.

" I have the honour to be, &c.,
" E. G. STANLEY."

" July 3."

The resolution of Mr.- STANLEY, with its singular rea-
soning, was communicated to the meeting on Friday, and
published in the papers of Saturday. Yet, on the very
next publication of the daily press, to wit, on Monday,
was the community—not the parties interested, whose
all is at stake, but this entire " beast of a nation"—en-
lighteno by the Times, "upon authority which they
deem perfectly trustworthy," with a draft of the bill.
Thus it is that Ministers and their tools of scribes re•
spectively truckle to each other. The united body of the
.West Indians, with property involved to the amount of
a hundred and forty millions, are to be denied a knowledge
of the laws which bid fair to deprive them of everything,

and within a few hours, the same Minister, or some of his
underlings, sends that, which is thus denied to those who
have a right to demand it, to their own hirelings, to be
distorted and commented upon at the dictation of their
masters. This was on Monday morning—the bill having
been read a first time, and ordered for a second reading
on Wednesday.

Where, we would ask, was then "the extreme incon-
venience that might result from the practice of submitting
to the public discussion of numerous bodies of persons in-,
terested, the details of a • bill not yet before the legisla-
lature ?" Away with such insulting trifling !
If this be the paltry, tricking policy which has Mr.
STANLEY'S approbation, let him at once avow that lie has
descended to a course of practice which is little in accord-
ance.with his high-minded mouthings ; let him tell the
world at once, what. the world pretty well understands by
this timei that, as the whole policy of the ministry with
which he is connected, is one of trickery and shuffling, he
must go down the stream with his colleagues. This
would be honest ; however little in accordance with what
we had hoped from our countryman. But what follows
On Monday night Mr. STANLEY rises in his place, and
moves to postpone the second reading from Wednesday
last to Monday next; with a condition tacked to it, hang-
ing upon an imaginary contingency, that it might then be
further postponed. In other words, and we again wish
Mr. STANLEY had been honest enough to confess motives,
the bill is drawn cap in such gross and manifest ignorance
of all the fair bearings of the case, so much at variance
with their own recorded sentiments, and so utterly desti-
tute of justice or reason in many of its details, the result
entirely of that self-willed but lamentable determination
to legislate
.on their own defective knowledge of the ques-
tion, rather than seek the opinion of experienced practical
men, that they find it can never pass even the present
House of Commons in its existing shape , and that it must
share the fate of every other measure brought forward
during the session ; it must present the appearance of a
piece of patchwork—or, like the mass of stone separated
by the quarryman, who, in his vanity imagines he is an
artist, it is only an incumbrance upon the earth, until the
master hands have chiselled it into shape and order.
We had written thus far, when we received a coPy of the
resolutions passed at a. meeting of the. West India body,
at the Thatched House Tavern, in London, on Wednes.
day; Lord, HA REWOOD in the chair. At this meeting
Mr. M A RRYATT (agent for Grenada) moved the resolu-
tions, which were seconded by Mr. STEWART (agent for
Tobago.) Both these gentlemen took the opportunity
of stating that the ground on which they had objected to
the resolutions proposed by Mr. BURGS, at a former
meeting, was a mere question as to the fitness of the pe-
riod for doing so ; the bill proposed by Government not
being then before them. Now that document was before
the world, they came promptly forward to express their
sentiments, which, as will be seen by the resolutions,
were 'strongly disappfobatory of many of its enactments.
This feeling pervaded the meeting generally, and the re-
solutions passed unanimously. Here, then, we have a
clue to Mr. STANLEY'S abandonment of the second read-
ing for the present week ; and we will venture to pre-
dict, that he will •be too glad to avail himself of the con-
tingency to which we alluded before we received these
resolutions, further to postpone its consideration. If we
are to take the abstract of the proceedings of the meet-
ing as any clUe to what is to follow, we imagine the West
India bill, before it has got many steps farther in Parlia-
ment, will have as many patches as harlequin's coat.—
But we will leave our readers to judge of what is likely
to befal it, if the opinions of practical men are to avail
anything in the decision, by the perusal of the resolu-
tions; reserving our further observations to another oc-
casion.

Ministers, if they be not as insensible as the nether
millstone, must now see the folly; and feel heartily
ashamed of those measures of reform which give satis-,
faction to no party whatsoever. The church spoliation
bill for Ireland 'has passed the Commons on its way, to
oblivion in the Lords, and the sooner their Lordships
pronounce its doom the better. This bill was avowedly
a measure of conciliation. The Roman Catholic priests
and kletnagogues of Ireland have for. a long series; Df
year's been waging war upon the Protestant institutions
of that country, in which they were aided and abetted
by the Whigs, as the opposition party. When the
Whigs came into power they could not well abandon
their former professions, or disavoW their former friend-
ships. They, nevertheless, found it, impossible to legis-
late to the full-proof strength of their early principles,
although. the necessity of keeping their allies in favour
was as indispensable as ever. They. were willing to en-
courage robbery as hitherto, but they shrunk back from
the consequences of committing it. It is one thing to
praise the courage of the highwayman, but quite ano •
ther thing to take his place on the heath and follow his
vocation. It was easy to talk about pulling down
churches, burning palaces, defrauding the public cre-
ditor, stopping the supplies, refusing to pay the taxes,
and. all 'such stuff, suited to the mental capacity, and
consistent with the empty swagger of Lord MILTON,
THOMAS DUNCOMBE, Or WILLIAM BROUGHAM—it was
easy, we say, to talk in this Bombastes vein, but as to
doing the mischief, or executing the threat, they would
as soon have thought of eating London bridge, or drink-
ing up the waters of Fleet-ditch at a cabinet dinner.
But something had to be done. The beggars of
O'CONNELL'S tail demanded a repeal of the union, and•
all the hedge priests, the masters of these .beggars,
cried amen ! The cry was only intended to be a menace.
It was like " deliver your money, or your life." Life
to be sure they rate at a low value ; but it was not life
they wanted, but money. They longed to feed upon the
Protestant pastures of Ireland. They sighed for the
restoration of those fair lands which the heretics, de-
spite the anathemas of the Romish church, have the au-
dacity to call their own. They aspired to sovereign and
undivided dominion ; and having succeeded in obtaining
admission for their delegates into the British parliament,
they imagined that they could dragoon England into
any concession which their ambition should dictate, or
their grasping extortion should claim.
These facts embrace the whole mystery of the eman-
cipation bill. That measure, we were told by all the
demagogues and by all the priests, would restore peace,
happiness, and contentment to Ireland. We foresaw
that it would prove a curse to both countries. We knew.
that it would lead to endless, thankless, and mischiev-
ous concessions. We foresaw that it would inundate the
House of Commons with the vulgar, ignorant, insolent, and
slavish tools of the- priesthood—men without the slight-,
est pretension to talent—destitute alike of the means
and morale of independence—factious, dogmatic, and
arrogant—united only for revolutionary purposes, and
recognising no motive of action except the narrow one
of passive obedience to the tyrant priesthood of the most
degraded and demoralized country in the whole world.
Kook at them, reader, in the aggregate, and say, upon
your honour, if you ever saw or read of such a contempt-
ible set of political plasterers or hodmen—fellows so much
out at the elbows in bodily as well as mental apparel—as
are those who form the majority of the Irish representa-
tives ? It is impossible to conceive anything more re-
pulsive than the appearance of these men in the House
of Commons. O'CONNELL and his sons, his nephews and
his cousins, his more distant kinsmen and his equally
obedient journeymen, is a sight so humiliating and dis-
gusting as to tempt even the casual observer to wish there
were no such place as the House of Commons at all. A
member of Parliament is supposed to be a gentleman.
An Irish gentleman, however, is now seldom seen. Old
SHERIDAN was ancient enough to be enabled to sketch one
among the few of the last survivors. But if there were
a chance of finding some scion of the old stock, lacy and
rare, honourable and punctilious, surely the House of
Commons would be the place to meet with him. But
alas, he is not there ! In O'CoNNELL's tail there is nothing
sparkling. There are no gems, no pearls; nothing bright
or fair; all is dull, hard, ugly, spurious, and of Brumma-
gem metal. Nine-tenths of them are beggars rigged out for
a holiday—tawdry and offensive—lacking not merely
brains but good breeding—not so ornamental, but quite
as useless as the sham cotton weed which grows in the
.bog of Allen. Who sent them to the House of Commons?
The priests. For whom do they work ? The priests.

THE LIVERPOOL STANDAIM.

Who maintains them ? The priests. In what manner ?
By means of the begging box.
These are the persons whom Lord ALTIIORP is most
anxious to conciliate. His brother is a Popish priest,
converted to Popery from Protestantism, and the beggars
of O'CONNELL'S tail know it. They think that the noble

lord is as true a Catholic as his brother ; but they do him
great injustice. He is devoid of the necessary talent.—
He warps penetration; he has not the required modicum

of courage to make him an accomplished impostor ; when-
ever he assumes the character of the hypocrite, he inva-
riably converts the serious parts of it into farce. If the
noble lord, following his brother's bent, should ever be
permitted to enact the part of an inferior missionary, he
would be sure to bring discredit upon the order.
But we beg pardon for this digression. What we
should have said earlier was this, namely, that Lord AL-
THORP, by means of the church plunder bill, imagined
that he would gain the support of O'CONNELL and the
countenance of the priests. In this the noble Lord has
been miserably disappointed. The member for all Ire-
land treats his bill with ineffable contempt. He refuses
to sanction its enactments. He declares that it is not the
bill sought for, nor the measure expected by his masters
of the priesthood. He complains that it does not carry
the robbery principle far enough. He hate; petty lar-
ceny—he despises pocket picking—any thing short of
unrestricted pillage and wholesale robbery is beneath his
notice. Mr. O'CONNELL, for these cogent reasons, is op-
posed to the Irish church bill. He says
" He could not reconcile himself to support the bill after the
abandonment of its leading principle. The reduction of the
bishops was a gratuitous insult to the church, and did not benefit
the Roman Catholic population. What the Catholics wanted was,
relief from the burdens that oppressed them, but without da-
mage, insult, or injury to the Protestant church. Thinking
that the bill would not afford the necessary relief, he should
votesgainst it."

What, then, may we ask, have ministers gained by this
Inroad upon the established church ? The protestants
hold them and their measure in abhorrence, and the Ro-
man Catholics are just as far from being conciliated as
ever. They have established the principle that the re•
formed House of Commons, despite the King's oath, and
despite the acts of union, may make or unmake bishops
at its will and pleasure, and upon this principle have they
passed the present bill ; but they have not made a friend,
they have not gained over an enemy—in short they have
pleased nobody. They have thrown a slur upon the
church, they have dishonoured its prelates, they have
questioned its rights, they have doubted its usefulness,
they have insulted its members, but they have done no-
thing to render Ireland more happy or more contented.
On these grounds alone the lords would be justified in
throwing it overboard, even though the administration
should sink with it. The tranquillity of Ireland is not to
be purchased by concessions.

We had hoped, after the advice and warning which
have been given by men of all parties to the deluded
operatives connected with -the trades' union, that they
would, before this, have perceived the utter hopelessness
of their proceedings, and have returned to their occu-
pations.

Convinced as we are, that the great bulk of the work-
men have been lured into these unions by specious hopes
or false promises, we are truly sorry to see that they are
vet undeceived, and our attention has again been drawn
to the subject by a placard entitled " An address to the
Public," full of insinuations!against those masters who
have had the manliness to oppose their absurd combina-
tion, and lauding to the skies those few who have suc-
cumbed to them, and crouched to the mandates of these
invisible agents. We need not say that the former de-
serve the best thanks of the public at large for their spirit
and firmness—opinion is broadly expressed on that head;
nor do we need to say much concerning those who have
deserted the public by surrendering their own rights, and
compromised the interests of their employers by meanly,
and, for a time, advancing their own.

We, leave them to their own feelings for consolation;
none need envy them the praises of these trades' clubs,
which they seem to have purchased at the expense of
public estimation. If ever. there was a time when it was
requisite for men to be firm and decided, and to endea-
vour to inculcate principles of loyalty and obedience to
the laws,—which are the foundation of national, as well
as of individual happiness,—it is the present; and it
would be with extreme reluctance that we should occupy
so much of our readers' time with these trades' unions, if
we were not deeply convinced of their danger in a na-
tional as well as local point of view.. We, therefore, so-
licit attention to the subject once more, as we are assured
that political agents are at work, charging the mine
which is intended to scatter society in fragments, and in-
volve the country in ruin. It may be asked, " What
have political agents to do with trade clubs ?" We ask,
what was the use made of them in Ireland ?

No political agents could organise the great body of
the workmen in this country who arepeacefully and re-
gularly employed in labour, for which they receive a fair
and just compensation ; they would see that they had
every thing to loose and nothing to gain by a national
convulsion, and the man who ventured to suggest open
insubordination would be instantly scouted ; but by
touching their self interest, by rendering them uneasy
and dissatisfied with their lot in life, by representing the
master tradesmen as their oppressors and enemies, and
by telling them that if they enter their unions they will
have liberty, emancipation from slavery, and HIGHER
WAGES, they thus succeed in administering poison, and'
workmen are then induced to enrol themselves members
of a society, avowedly a trades', but actually a political
union: They are then sworn in by a liorri4' oath, accom-
panied by awful and mystic ceremonies. Their imagina-
tion is excited ; they are induced to attend taverns and
club rooms. They are demoralised by associating with
the common herd; they spend their earnings in gin, and
in contributing to the funds of the society; their wives
and children are thps robbed of their rights; what was
formerly an industrious mechanic is now a dissatisfied
politician ; and thus, when they are members of the trades'
union, they are ripe for the uses of the political agitator.
• Could the inhabitants of Liverpool, Leeds, Chester, and
other places, have been found as rife as those of Birming-
ham, there would have been no need to have worked upon
them in a secondary way; but there is a great moral as
well as physical force in these places among certain
classes of persons, whose lot in life can never by possi-
bility be generally improved. They stand as it were
between the ennobled and the lower classes ; they are
men of moral and intellectual worth, and they form that
link in the scale of society which is the giant strength of
this nation, and which with its constitution is its greatest
glory. These middle classes must be first subdued before
the higher can be attacked. They form a rampart which,
by reason of their moral strength, is yet impenetrable ;
and it is the design of the workers of mischief to bring
the lower orders into collision with these—to scare them
by an imposing array of physical force, and afterwards to
mount over them to the attack and destruction of the
higher orders. •
. Men generally do not look at ulterior-objects, and the
effects which eventually spring from insubordination :
they merely look for present gratification. Agitators
know this well; they use it for their own nefarious pur-
poses; and it is one prolific source of those evils which
affect society.
With these few preliminary remarks, we will recur to
the trades unions. Their primary object was stated to
be the "destruction of wholesale contracts, and the ad-
vancement and equalization of labour in all its branches."
Whatever may be the merits or demerits of wholesale
contracts, they must yield to the necessities and wishesof
society, and where it has been felt to be a convenience it
must and will be adopted. " If I build a ship," a merchant
may.juAly argue, "am I to be prohibited from agreeing
with my master shipwright because a number of persons,
who furnish the various small items necessary besides
timber, start up and say—Sir, you shall contract with us,
or else you shall not be supplied in these kingdoms ?"
The thing is preposterous, and yet this i§ the principle
tipqn which the trades unions have resolved to act.
Public bodies and private individuals have alike found
it a convenience and advantage, because tradesmen's bills
Lane been found to fructify amazingly, and, like Aaron's

rol, to bud most mysteriously. - Now in the placard be-
fore alluded to they assert that " they do not contemplate
anything in reference to private contracts being submit-
ted to their inspection. This is false. We have ourselves
seen written orders from the Unions of Liverpool, Man-
chester, and other places, for the produrtion of contracts;
and it any persons are sceptical upon this point, we have
no doubt they may see them also on application to any of
the respectable master tradesmen. It is a melancholy fact
that in Manchester (which seems to be the nucleus of
mischief), the various contracts for a large building were
actually submitted to the inspection of the operatives'
committee, and were returned with the opinion of that
committee that they were not genuine! and that the
building should not proceed unless the gentleman to
whom that building belonged would re-let his work to
other tradesmen than those he had chosen.

'Why it will scarcely be credited, that delegates have
called upon some of the most respectable men in Liver-
pool, to inquire whether they have let their work to such
and such individuals or not. We do hope, for the sake
of public decency, that the next gentleman of whom such
an impudent inquiry is made, will kick the inquirer out
of his office. We have lying before us a Manchester
letter, from which we extract the following.

" Whereas it has been stated to our society, that you have
five men working at Pendleton by the piece, the prices of
which are entirely unknown to us, and as we are formed for the
purpose of regulating prices between man and master, you cannot
but allow that we ought to know at what prices all work is done
for," &c. &c.

We ask whether human insolence can go much farther
than this ? And yet this is said to be a non-interference
with the private concerns of the employer !
Now let us ask, what is the avowed object of these
Unions—for they have many objects which their com-
mittees dare not get avow. We will give it in their
own peculiar and characteristic phraseology :—" It is to
tear down the standard of monopoly, to exterminate ty-
ranny, and break the sword of injustice in. pieces, like
unto a potter's vessel."

This is all very fine and very bombastic; of course they
have taken a leaf out of the book of " the heroes of the glo-
rious three days." But,.if they are soblind as not to see, the
public are not quite so blind but they can see, that in their
heroic zeal "to tear down the standard of monopoly,"
they Are trying to establish a snug monopoly of their
own. The element of monopoly isan exclusive privilege
—it is one or a few shutting out all competition, closing
the door against industry and talent, and precluding such
from mounting the ladder of society, by establishing re-
strictions in favour of themselves alone, and preserving
to themselves and their families those rights which belong
to every man, rich or poor, who has the ability to avail
himself of them. As these Unions invite us, with all ap-
parent sincerity to judge between them and their masters,
and yet do not seem disposed to believe anybody but
themselves, let us judge them out of their own mouth.—
" We are all for each, and each for all ;" so saith the
masons of Manchester. Now let us take the published
declarations of the 0. S. M.'s, which we suppoSe means
Overhearing, Stupid Masons.—

"The object of this society shall be to ADVANCE and EQUAL-
IA the price of labour in all its branches.
" To prevent employers being too inquisitive concerning
those things which du nut eject them, we deem it proper to in-
sert the following :
"If any member of this society do disclose any of its tran-
sactions, be shall be expelled, never more to enter.
• Should any member be thrown out of employ for opposing a
reduction in the price of labour, he shall be supported accord-
ing to rule • * * * * ! ! !
"And should any other member take his place, and should it
be proved that he was aware of the fact, there shall be levied a
SEVERE FINE, which if he refuse to pay, he shall be expelled.

Before we proceed, let us ask what being expelled
means ? It is that the individuals who fall under the
displeasure of these Grandes Monarques are never more
to exercise their calling in England, Ireland, Wales, or
Scotland.

" Should any shop be oppressed or imposed upon, they shall
immediately apply to the Grand Lodge! who will take their case
into consideration and decide according to the circumstances.
No strike to receive support without their sanction.
"In case a strike take place, the whole of the Lodges in the
kingdom shall immediately contribute a proportionate share
toward their support.

Here is a pretty battery opened against any man who
ventures to think for himself.

"That no first-rate master be allowed more than three appren-
tices! second-rate ditto no more than two

"That no member of this society be allowed to work for a

contractor!"

Legislative enactments upon labour have always been
scouted—it must be free—the attempt would be just as
successful to confine the winds—how much more ought
such presumptuous restrictions as these to be discarded,
whose object is not to benefit society at large, but only
the short-sighted individuals who have formed them—
they attempt to establish a MONOPOLY for their own ex-
elusive benefit, regardless of the tens of thousands of
youths springing up on every side ; and if the absurd rule
could be enforced, that no first-rate master should have
more than three apprentices, in another generation there
would be an end of masonry altogether. if these clubs
are allowed much longer as " an order "—a sort of popu-
lar aristocracy—they will ultimately form an immensely
opposing force amongst the lower classes, whom by their
exclusive rules they are attempting to press down, the
poor will be unable to procure situations for their chil-
dren, as the "sons of club .members are, of course, to be
first provided for," and by restricting the number of ap-
prentices, a population of no ostensible sort will be cre-
ated, who may, for aught the unions care, wander as
vagabonds over the face of the earth. Now there are
Only about thirty stone and marble masons in Liver-
pool, (we have taken the trouble of looking them out in
the Directory,) and supposing them all to be "first-rate
masters," here are sixty apprentices to be "allowed,"
when it is a well known fact, that two or three of these
masters employ nearly six hundred masons themselves,
exclusive of their coadjutors. Is it therefore difficult to
perceive that these wiseacres are attempting to establish
a monopoly, whilst on the other hand they avow their in-
tention to destroy all.

Now we argue that if restrictions upon human labour
imposed by the wisdom of legislatures have been inva-
riably found wanting, much more will these, imposed by
a self-interested body, condemned as they are by the great
bulk of the community.

It is a misfortune that, in all mob assemblages, the
majority suffer themselves to be led by the Minority ; and
it is now to be regretted, and we are sure by none more
sincerely than the master tradesmen themselves, that no
argument will prevail unless it be the painful, but certain
argument of want. The summer is wearing away. Every
public body and almost every private individual in the
country refuse to proceed with their work whilst this union
exists. There never was a stronger public feeling against
any measure, within our recollection, than there is against
these trades unions. They are arbitrary to the master
—dictatorial to the employer—tyrannous and cruel to the
poor members themselves; and feeling assured that the
mischief has been done by numbers of idle and dissolute
fellows, who are living in fatness upon the earnings of
the industrious, the only and the best advice we can give
to the majority of those who have unfortunately (and pro-
bably with the best intentions) joined them is, to flee from
them as they would from the plague, fur if they remain
any longer members of such a dangerous body, they will
be succeeded by workmen from other places, and them-
selves and families will be reduced to beggary. Let a
body of them, say fifty or sixty, quit the unions by com-
mon consent, and, like a flock of sheep, the rest will
speedily follow.
The oath, as published in the STANDARD of last Tues-
day, is the oath of one branch of the Union taken in
Manchester. We have taken the trouble to inquire
into its authenticity, and on the best authority we assert
that it is substantially correct. What need is there for
secrecy and an oath at all for honest and praiseworthy
purposes ? The mystic nature of the proceedings at once
declare that something is hatching which ought to be put
down, and we must not wait until the eggs become a cro.
codile, but destiloy them immediately.

Nine out of every ten persons in Ireland are utterly indiffer-
ent what becomes of their long-expected " Chinch flofurrn"
Bill. England is exactly of the same opinion., House of
Commons have accordingly passed Cie measure by a la rg-,e ma-
jority.— True Sun,

4. •
SiliTlYtej ll4
Ir r lON

Standard Vice, Three o'clock.

CORN EXCHANGE.

FIUDAY, Two O'CLOCK.
We have had a more animated Market ttiduy than for some
time past, and a considerable business has been done with spe-
culators, as well as with country and town dealers, in Wheats,
' at an a lyance of Id: • 2d. on Tuesday's rates, chiefly in the
better descriptions of lied Irish, at 75.6d..q) 75.9 d., and 7s. tod.
for very prime samples. There was a brisk demand for Oats,
which are fully Id. dearer since Tuesday, 2s. Bd. and 2s. t'd.
having been paid for the best kinds. Fresh Oatmeal had a free
sale at 235. 6d, for parcels, and 21s. was got in retail. Irish
Flour brought 6d. Is. more than on Tuesday. There are in.
quiries for Flour in bond, bat none now offering under 2",)5., and
bonded Wheats are also held for higher prices.

COTTON MARKET

FRIDAY, TWO O'CLOCK.

There are a great number of dealers and a few spinners in
our Cotton Market to-day, but so far the business will be small,
being confined to the Cotton buyers, for their immediate wants ;
probably 2003 bags will be sold, atlfully tb reduction
from the highest sales of the week.

GRAND JUNCTION RAILWAY.

A very numerous and high
Proprietors took place on the it
Room, Exchange-buildings, to
visional Committee of their
Directors and Officers of the
proprietors were duly elected :
John Moss, Esq.,
Charles Lawrence, Esq.,
Joseph Hornby, Esq.,
Hardman Earle, Esq.,
Daniel Ledsom, Esq.,
James Bourne, Esq.,
John Turner, Esq.,
John Cropper, jun., Esq., I
A more respectab:e list of active and intelligent gentlemen
could not have been formed, and we congratulate the public
on the fair prospects of this great undertaking being soon com-
pleted.

ily respectable Meeting of the
Dth instant, in the Cotton Sales
receive the Report of the Pro-

proceedings, and to elect the
Company, when the following

Charles Tayleur, Esq.,
Robert Gladstone, Esq.,
James Hevworth, Esq.,
Joseph Walker, Esq.,
Joseph Saunders, Esq.,
Richard Harrison, Esq.,
William Rotheram, Esq.

An active market for Grand Junction Railway, London and
Birmingham's ditto; and the quoted prices of this day fully
supported.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.

FRIDAY, 12th July.—Noon, Wind N. N. E.—Rain,

ARRIVED.
Lancaster, Cummings. from Africa.
Off the port—John Walker, from Sierra Leone,
Ann, Pennil, from Kingston, sailed 18th May.

The Jac, Thomas, hence, at Valparaiso.
Thomas Leech, Jams, hence, at do.
William 4th, Bottomley, sailed from Valparaiso for Arica, 20t21
March.
Sarah, Cheney, from Demerara, at St. Andrew's, N.B.
Flora, -, hence, at Calabar.
Imogep, -, hence for Calcutta, was spoken 4th May, in lat.
25 30, S, long. 25 50, W.
Calcutta, --, hence for Calcutta, was spoken 31st May, in lat.
7 30, N, long. 21, W.

SAILED.
•
Gloucester, Lane, for Havannah.
Isabella, Tate, for Boston.
Lilbum, Laing, for St. Petersburgh.
Highland Lad,- Betts, for Genoa.
Black Eyed Susan, Watkins, for Smyrna.

SAILED YESTERDAY,
Kent, Jamieson, for St. John's, IQ. B.
Exquisite, Perrian, for Ak,ssina.
Princess Charlotte, M'Kean, fur Bombay.

TELEGRAPH OFFICE, 12TH JULY.
Wind at Holyhead, N. N. E.-Nothing to report.

LOCAL NEWS.

It was Mr. Chapman, the member for Whitby, and not Mr.
Houldsworth, who spoke and voted against the appointment of
the Liverpool election committee.

WONDERFUL DESPATCH.—The St. George Steam-Packet
Company's vessel, Lee, Capt. E. Goff, sailed From the Clarence
Dock, Liverpool, on Saturday, the 6th instant, at a quarter
past one o'clock, and arrived at Passage, Cork, on Sunday, the
7th iust., at a little before four, p.m., which is the quickest pas-
sage on record, being less than 27 hours.—Southern Reporter.
MELANCHOLY Loss OF LlFE.—Wednesday, as a lady with her
three sons, one daughter, and a Young man, were sailing on a
pleasure excursion near Douglas harbour, Isle of Man, the boat
was upset, and the whole party, with the exception of the young
lady and the young man, were drowned. The gentleman who
informed us of this melancholy event saw the boat after the
occurrence of the accident, but could not furnish us with the
names of the parties, or the cause of a catastrophe so truly dis-
tressing.
THE CHURCH.—The Lord Bishop of Chester has been pleased
to nominate the Rev. John Lecky Russell, A.M., late curate of
Cappoquin, in the county of Waterford, Ireland, to the curacy
of Corkerham, in this county.
An eclipse of the sun will take place on the lithinstant. It
commences about an hour after the-rising of the sun, and when
it has attained the altitude E3' in the E.N.E. the visibility of the
eclipse will be confined to Europe, the northern regions of Asia,
and a few of the islands of the North Pacific Ocean. To Spain.
Portugal, and Italy, but a small portion of the sun wilt be
eclipsed ; on the contrary, to the northern boundai y of Europe,
Nova Zembla, and Northern Asia, the eclipse will be great,
and some places central and total; the excess of the lunar
above the soiar diameter being at the tune of the eclipse, lm.
295.

APPREHENSION OF ROEBERS.—We are glad to state that
through the active exertions of the captains and men of the
nightly watch a great number of housebreakers have beon lately
apprehended, and property to a considerable amount recovered.
On many of the pi isoners instruments employed in housebreak-
in,ow were found.
PRESENTMENT OF THE GRAND JURY.—On Tuesday, about
three o'clock, the gentlemen of the grand jury having com-
pleted their business, came into court and madi; a rather long
presentment. In the first place, they congratulated the court
on a recent act of Parliament, which empowers the Crown to
remove assizes from an inconvenient to a convenient place, and
they expressed a hope that steps would be forthwith taken to
have the assizes, usually held at Lancaster, transferred to Li-
verpool. In the second place, they expressed their regret at
the number of fires which had recently. occurred in the town,
I.nd trusted that some plan would be speedily adopted to obviate
the very inefficient means now available in cases of fire. In
the third place, they expressed their entire concurrence with
the observations which had fallen fforn the leariied Recorder,
regretting the differences between the workmen and their mas-
ters, being well Convinced that the unreasonable demands of the
former, which no waste' of proper and independent feeling can
consistently comply with, must in the end recoil upon the work-
men themselves, and entail upon their families misery and want.
Any system Of dictation by the workmen, with regard to the
mode iu which their twister; are to undertake contracts or exe-
cute work for their employers, is much to be deprecates, and they
strongly recommend this matter to the serious consideration of
the magistrates. The gentlemen of the grand jury next alluded
to the obstruction of the footwalks, by persons being allowed to
crowd on them, and hoped that the nuisance would be removed.
The state of the hackney coaches also demanded the attention
of the magistrates; they were in a state not tit to carry passen-
gers, too often without glass, and always filthy. It was desirable
that the police should have instructions to enforce the law, and
that more convenient stations should be chosen.

CHESHIRE SESSIONS.

ERECTION OF A POWDER MILL AND MAGAZINE.

A short time since a notice was posted on Wallasey Church
door to the effect that an application would be made to the
Magistrates at these Sessions, on behalf of Sir John 'Collin and
others, for leave to erect a powder mill and a magazine near
the vil:age of Wallasey, on the shore opposite to the port of
Liverpool. As might 6c expected considerable excitement Wa4
produced among the owners of property in that neighbourhood-
and the inhabitants generally; the former being apprehensive
that their property would be deteriorated by the proposed erec-
tions, and the latter naturally considering their lives would be
in danger, in the event of any explosions taking place. A meet-
ing of the parishioners and of the owners a i)roperty, was ac-
cording.y held, when it was unanimously resolved to offer to the
application the most determined opposition, on the grounds to
which we have adverted, and Philip Iduzuberston, Esq. solicitor,
of this city, was appointed to conduct the opposition on the part
of the inhabitants. Pursuant to the notice the application was.
made on Tuesday se'nnight, on the opening of the Court, and
tupported by Dr. Brown and 11.1 r. Whitcombe, who contended
that tnere was no danger to be apprehended from such works if
erected with proper skill and caution; and evidence was given
that from the distance of the intended mills to any public build-
ings no injury was iikely to accrue in ease of an explosion.
Mr. Cottingham and Mr. Trafford opposed the application,
and proved Litt a great potion of the neighbouring land, being
already purchased and laid out for the building of marine vitas,
the value of the land would be much deteriorated by the erection
in the neighbourhood of a powder mill and magazine. In fact
the project had already impeded the progress of building specu-
lations. _ _

After hearing the evidence, and the arguments of counsel on
both sides, the court retired into the private room to consider
their decision, and returned in about twenty minutes. The
chairman was about to deliver the determination of the magis-
trates, when he was interrupted by Sir John Stanley, who said
that he had declined to retire into the private room, and ho
wished it to be understood that whatever aught be the judg-
ment cf the court, he was not a party to it. For his part ho
would state that, in his opinion, the feeling of each magistrate
on the subject ought to be publicly given, so that their peculiar
opinions might be generally known. To this interruption Sir
Harry Maiuwaring protested, observing, so far from being
afraid to express himself publicly, he had no objection to do it
there or elsewhere; but if the magistrates thought proper to
retire, as was frequently the case with the judges and Juries,
they had an equal right to do so. The Chairman observed that
the practice of the court "as as near that of the Court of King's
Bench as possible. The judges there deliberated in private, but
gave their decisions in public, and he thought that the magis-
trates could'not fohow a better guide. At uny rate it had always
been the custom here to retire to deliberate upon their opinion.
After a few other observations the colloquy terminated.
The Chairman then stated that the magistrates were of opi-
nion that the.application should be refused. To this decision
Sir John agreed. A case for the opinion of the Court of King's
Bench was then applied for on the part of Sir John Tobin, and
immediately granted.

By the recent mercantile failures in India, several families,
living hitherto in the highest opulence, have been reduced to
comparative destitution.
THE SCOTCH LAW CONISIISSIoN.—AII parties seemed discon-
tented with the nomination of the members for the Law Com-
mission. One complained that there were no Mackintoshes or
Jeremy Benthams among them; another suggested certa oj uris-
consulis of more learning and experience who ought to I, re been
appointed; while some of the members themselves were not a
little surprised at finding their names promulgated as Refl-
trs-elect of Scottish law.

60 TII F.. Li VE RPOOL s'FANDARD. _
. _ . _ . .
____ - ____ _
Erb,: Vott'o corncr. LAW REPORT. 1 IRE LAND. Ernporto. LONDON PRICES CURRENT,
--asass-- COURT OF COMMON PLEAS, FRIDAY, JULY 5. • • , --aaas,,--_
. BARIL
ASIIES, Pot, Qnebec. V cwt.
FROM FOES THAT WOULD TIIE LAND DEVOUR. LIBERTY OF THE PRESS-THE BASE WHIGS-THE EVENING X. s. d. £ e. d. i DUTIES,
CLEGG C. LAFFER. UNITED STATES.
From foes that would the land devour ; This was an action for libel under the following circum- MAIL.
South America Marshall, fm New York, with 326 wet salted hides,
LlA'e,asrli;ilQyu, Quebec 1 6 0 ee 0 0 0
1 6 0 - 1 6 6 ii free.
stances :-The plaintiff and defendant are now merchants of The annals of tyranny-the ordonnances of the late Dennistoun, Mackie, and eo-90 bls cotn,' Melly: Provost, and co
From guilty pride, and lust of power ;
400 brls tar, order-200 do, D M`Dougall--60 brls conts unkn, Crop-
Liverpool trading to the coast of Africa, and the former was French King against the press inclusive-afford no in- Alicant lO o 0 -11 0 0 I
From wild sedition's lawless hour; perßeeson,and co-2, bxs, J Needham-2 do, G Gibson-1188 brls BRIMSTONE, Rough, el ton, bond l4 10 0 -15 0 0 6d. W cwt.
at one time iu the employ of the latter as captain of one of his
From yoke of slavery : stance more atrocious of the efforts made to stifle public
vessels trading to that coast; but in consequence of some dif- turpentine, Roskell, Ogden, and co-I bx tongues, I Hagan-22 cks BARK, Quercitron, V cwt. Ol9- 0 15 0 Is. V cwt.
opinion and destroy private property, than that brought lwrpwashers' sand, J Alston and Son-quantity of loose stone bal- COCOA, Brazil, V cwt. bond .. - 1 5 0 /
From blinded zeal by faction led : ferences they parted, and the plaintiff traded to Africa on his jack screws, Master-P Dk. Trinidad and St. Lucia 200-2 15 0 3 6d' Vlh
From giddy change by fancy bred ; own account. The libels complained of were contained in to light in the discovery of the base and infamous con- asr '
• * * * '
Galatea, Coop:yr, fm New York, with 47 cks anatto, D Willink-5 COFFEE, ea' cwt.bond Jam. Triage 3ri o- 4 4 0 1 1,
certain letters written by. the defendant to four of his own cap- spiracv entered into by the Whig Government against cks madder, E Davies-100 bis cotn, 97 t logwbod, J W Smith and co •e. Ordinary to fine ordinary - 450-4 17 0 • il. a
From poisonous error's serpent head ;
Good Lord, preserve us free ! tains on the coast, wherein he spoke of the plaintiff as being. a The Dublin. Evening Mail. That we are opposed to 31 bla 38 Nils sarsaparilla, Bell and Grant-93 bls corn, Melly, Pre-
rst, and co-8 t fustic, T and J Jackson-63 t lo,gwood, C Morral and •'n Fine and very fine
o Middling to good middling - 5 le 0 er .2.-
monster of ignorance and ingratitude,-that he had the finis- 5 13 0 - 6 0 0
their administration is Our boast ; that they feel and bit- en-34 do, I Hobson and Sons-44 es and 18 bls con's unkn, 279 ox : Demerara and Berbice, Triage 315- 4 2 0 '441
Defend, 0 God, with guardian hand, chievous propensities of a monkey, the ignorance of an ass, and C., 4 *I =
ane,acrarownhoirabt.o t ox
Bird,
abt, 10 t shin bones, order-P Dlr. ....c e Ordinary to fine ordinary - 4 13 0 *pee
The laws and ruler of our land, the ingratitude of a hyaena, combined in his single form, and torte feel the importance of that opposition is our pride ;
And grant our church Thy grace to stand saying that he (the defendant) was sure that if they (the differ- and that they meet it by mean and pitiful and unworthy Carrollton, firs Savanna, with 188 bls cote, Isaac, e ? Middling to good middling 413- 5 0 0 . .e..
Low, and c 7 do, Bolton and co-106 do, A Taylor and co-93 do, ez *,- Fine mid very fine. 5lO-5 15 0 J Zo4
In faith and unit ! ent captains) crossed the path of Captain Clegg (the plaintiff ) trickery, be their shame. W and J Brown and co-18 do, order-389 do, Wainwright and co- en,; St. Domingo 219- 3 1 0
The Spirit's help of Thee we crave, they would convince him -how much they were above his level. There is established in the General Post-oftre in Lon- 933 do, H Petry and co-P Dk. .i2--"Havana i 2140- 3 7 0 15d. Ib.
The letters (two of which were read) were in similar terms, a's Brazil. 2 14 0 - 3 2 0
That Thou, whose blood was shed to save, don a department for the transmission of newspapers to SOUTH AMERICA. ,
.... 'Mocha - 3 80- 4 5 0 iis 4,, ,
and it appeared that the mode in which they were discovered to
May'st, at thy second coming, have foreign countries. and at the head of this is a Mr. JAMES Stewart Justinian, Reay, fin Bahia, with 1321 bgs corn, Order-256 do,
Brs-500 dry hides, Higgin and Lane-500 do, Davenport, Fin- Cheribon 219- 3 4 0 ---
have been written was by one of the captains having died, in
A flock to welcome Thee ! ney, and co-in bulk 6t 11 csks tallow, order-P Dk-. COTTON, Bowed, ..' lb. 0 0 71- 00 81 cip_l-7.6
Bi,hop Heber. consequence of which the letter addressed to him fellinto the COWIE. 'No Journal, English or Irish, can be received New Orleans - 00 9 p.,°'
hands of a gentleman Who communicated it to Mr. Clegg'S by any person abroad without going through this depart- Bahia.. - 0 0 91 ,ee;
. MEDITERRANEAN.
partner. There were also some allusions in the above letter meta. It appears that some New's Agent, at Amsterdam,
anLaocuo_isal'Adlaor,MGasatmerh.-leK, fpinkG. Gallipoli, with 211 cks olive oil, J Bibby Pernambuco - 0 0 101. ''',
NE QUID MAUS. to some circumstances, of which the writer professed a know- named ed HODSON, was in the habit of receiving, either for Berbice and Demerara 0 0 9- 0 011 :•:.•, :,f, ,!,'
ledge, which would prevent the then proposed marriage of the il Common West India 0 0 7e- 00 9 P:1 pi
Not too much !-What solid sense his own use or that of some of his subscribers, a copy of Royal William, Smith, fin Trieste, with 76 bls roots, T. Hodley-2 Surat - 00 61 oar °'
plaintiff, bat the learned counsel for the plaintiff, as the marri-0 0 51- 0 0 51 be,J..
Three such little words dispense ! age had since taken place, did not rely upon this part of the The Evemng Mail, and (were the fact not proved by the
::.s. rolia, 31 bgs galls, H Castellain and co-18 eks cream tartar, 686 Bengal
Bourbon 0 0 9 - 0 0 11 J sa-n as-°
Too much rest benumbs the mind, libel. 27 cks 5 bxs merchandise conts unkn, 123 has u
document we subjoin we should certainly doubt its pos.si- sagsmples, 6 bls silk waste, 18 bls roots, 223 legs shutnacelerravaensts, DYEWOODS, FUSTIC, Jam. V ton 0 0 0- 0 0 0 8.P.'4. 3s
Too much strife distracts mankind. Mr. Serjeant Wilde was for the plaintiff. bility) Go#ernment has refused to circulate our Journalcurrants,
slaninae, 40 bls hemp, 20 big aleana root, 397 bra valonia, order-GDS.
90JboxhsnieSmoouchay, Ilunter, fm Messina and Licata, (from Messina) with Cuba •
00
if Id V cwt
0 0 0- 0 0 0 other pts
Too much negligence is sloth, Mr. Serjeant Spankie (with whom was Mr. Seri eant Stevens,)
on the Continent, because it was opposed to their mea- Loewooo, Jamaica -6 10 0 4s. 6d. 4e'
Too much zeal is folly's growth. for the defendant, contended that the above facts were not sutli- lemons, abt 3 c pumice stone, order from Licata) with 350 t Camneechy
00 :120
00
7 15 0 - 8 5 0 ton.
sures. brimstone, I Pownall-B Dk. NI CA. Woon, large and solid
cient to sustain an action for libel, for that these were confiders- FLAX, Riga, - ton 4l 0 0 -42 0 0 /
Too much love our peace annoys, Visitor, Rowe, fin Messina, with 60 esks wine, 222 bgs shumac, 13 t
Too much physic life destroys. - tial communications from the defendant to his 'captains, never The following is the official letter :- brimstone Ross Brs-81 esks olive oil, 50 bxs macaroni 50 bxs ver- GINGER, Jamaica, white, V cwt
Petersburg, 12 head
intended by him to have been made public, and which would not, " Foreign Newspaper Offiee, Jeri, 9, 1831, micelli, order-1 brl wine, for exportation-Q Dk. ' 06
00
Too much cunning's rrauarat art, in fact, have done the plaintiff any harm, had he not himself, by " SIR-Mr. Stanhope and other gentlemen of the office have Wilberforce, Tullock, fm Trieste, with he 45 t valonia, Geller and Barbadoes 3lOO-4 0 0 >• Ils. Gil.
Too much firmness want of heart.• the present proceeding, brought them before the public eye. been exceedingly displeased with me for continuing to send you, co-20 t brimstone, 6 cks cream tartar, 18 cks olive oil, 8 t boxwood,
Petersburg, East India. I 14 0- 0 0 0 J rewt
Too much sparing InakeN a knave, The Lord Chief Justice, in summing up, observed that he on their aeooant, The Evening Mail, after that paper had become 4 bls 16 cks coats unknown, 731 bp shuinac, order-K Dk. HEMP, Riga Rhine, V ton OO- 0 0 0 /ldiJecwt
Ayres, dry, art lb, bond 24
0 3 ---- 0 3 101 38. P. dry
Those are rash that are too bmve. thought there could be no doubt that the letter was a libel, and violently °mac! to his Majesty's Government •; and which, __Reward, Goss, fin Marseilles, with abt 133 t rough brimstone, J
Hardman, Sons, and co-G Dk. lIIDPEe
Too much wealth a man oppresses, that there had been a full publication of it.' 'The jury, there- therefore, it by no means becomes them to circulate gratuitously Salted, duty paid 0 0 41- 00 6 2s. 4d.
Too much fame with care distresses. fore, would look at all the circumstances attending it, and award on the Continent, however it may be their duty to supply it or EUROPE. Rio, dry, in bond 0 0 61- 0 0 71 wet is 2d
damages to the plaintiff accordingly. any other paper when ordered. Cater, Sealy, fin Dunkirk, with 10 bls flea, order-86 do, Tattersall * Salted, date paid OO- 0 0 61 ef cwt.
Too much pleasure death will bring, INDIGO, Caracca, l•loras, Vlb 0 0 0- 0 0 0
Verdict for the plaintiff for £3OO. 4 With regard to the latest intelligence, you cannot be better and Son-40 do, Callings Brs-29 do. W and D Hunter-68 do, Brooks
Too much wit's a dangerous thing. informed than by the Courier of the evening the mail leaves Lou- and Smith-17 do, Glen and Murphy-31 do, J Paley and co-S Dk. , Sobres 05- 0. 6 9 }.4d. efe lb.
Cortes 0 4 6- 0 5 3
Too much truth is folly's guide, 'OLD 'BAILEY. - don; and the Ouardian will give you the whole news of the Duistegheten, Kroger, fin Gamla Carleby, with 467 brls, 45 hf brls Guatimala, Floras OOO-0 0 0 1
Too much spirit is but pride. Two prisoners, named Warren and Rumsford, having been week- tar, II and J Hornby and co-608 do, 100 half do, 71 c handspikes, / c
eals, 6pe equate timber, abt 3 fins split wood, P Sorensen, Son, Sobres 0 5 3- 0 6 0
12 d
He's a dupe that is too free, put to the oilsoa a charge of stealing tobacco,
• East India, Blue and Violet 0 0 0- 0 6 0
Too much bounty weak moist be. Mr. C. Phillips, who appeared for one of the prisoners, said I will continue to send you those papers on their account, and Isabella Anderson, Sandison, fm Dane sag,l e bt 450 qrs wheat and
Too much complaisance a knave, he had been informed that the Court and jury had been vast- that I take care you have the latest editions. 110 qrs barley, 80 qrs oats, I 2 qrs peas, 20kgsbla Fineck beer, Ibg cheese, Purle and Violet
Violet., lO 0 0- 0 0 0
inl, their time during the sessions for nothing, as the greater "I beg leave to obaeiwe to you, that the .bails of the 30th De- J and J Taylor-C1 Dk. . .
Too much zeal to please a slave. Middling to good Violet 0 0 0- 0 0 0
pa7t of the indictments 'had been improperly returned. The comber and 3d January, which arrived here yesterday, brought _ John and Henry, Paine, fm Rotterdam, with 52 cks madder, 5 t oak Violet and Copper 0 0 0- 0 0 0 3d. V lb.
.bark, 150 mats flax, order-273 do, 1 csk barns, W F Fletcher and Son
learned counsel rested his statement on the authority of Mr. no Amsterdam Courant of the 2d instant. Copper - 0 0 0
. •By heart is want nu want of courage, but sensibillty. -10 mats flax, D Belles-S Dk.
Clark, the Clerk of Arraigns, who had mentioned the circum- " Sir, I rernain your Most obedient and humble servant, Mid. to fine ord. Ship. sorts OO- 0 0 0
- ,
.• stance in the other court. fie said that a new system had lately (Signed) " JA-. COWIE. , Consuming, mid. to fine 0 0 0 - 0 0 0
- -- - - ' • Ditto. ord and low 0
.0 0- 0 0 0 •
LITERATURE. been introduced by the magistrates at Clerkenwell. They had "T. Hodson, . . VESSELS ENTERED FOR LOADING. 'Dust ' - 0 0 0
written to Lord I.llelboUrne, who, upon their statement, had We are indebted to The Examiner for bringing this Madras, mid, to good middling 000- 0 0 0
Valpy's National Gallery of Painting and Sculpture allowed intermediate sessions to take place, one of which had matter before the public, which it does in the subjoined : , EAST INDIES AND CAPE OF GOOD HOPE. Ditto low to ord - o o e. j
lately been held. The regular quartet sessions commenced last • MOLASSES. British, ele cwt 1 5 0- 1 7 0 9s. V Mt.
d introductory notice, for which it merits Our gratitude and Anderson, Wise, & co, 168 Norval, K, Batavia and Singapore OIL, tr hat y 252 galls.
is a new work, containing etchings of the productions of Monday, when - ' ay, and the magistrates met they found they had
.a
some of the best masters, ancient and modern. The first no prisoners to f h • the ry, hence ey adjournedj the Court until thanks ; and we call upon oar brethren of the press, and • WEST INDIES, &c. Olive, Galipoli - 0 0 0
s nrimber...;nf the work, which is sold at a moderate price, Thursday. It was necessary for the witnesses to be sworn in that without political distinctioni to protest against this J Crosthwaite & CD, 282 Bethice, P. Berbice Whale, Greenland, without Cks 26 00- 0 0 0 Is. an ton.
Spermaceti 6O 0 0 -63 0' 0
and has just made its appearance, contains copies from court by a clerk, whose business it was to endorse the bills to monstrous and tyrannical interference, as we should most AFRICA. Cod, in casks 2B 0 0- 0 0 0
..
Titian, Murillo, Vandyke, Claude, Gaspar, Poussin, that effect. During the earl), part of the week, a clerk in some as/ tiredly do if such an arbitrary course had been adopted c Homfall, 224 Lady Durham, P, Africa Seal, pale 2B 0 0 -29 0 0
corner of the Middlesex Sessions-house had sworn the wit • .
F H Langley, 113 Water Witch, 8, Sierra Leone Rape, pale, V cwt. ll7 0 - 117 6
Wilkie, Hocrarth and -Reynolds, and these taken from„ , with respect to thorn,-Dublin Evening Mail.
, , n d•
esses, an had endorsed the bills " sworn in court, when,Linseed, <tp tun of 236 galls 26 5 0 -27 0 0
UNITED STATES.
the most celebrated pictures in the National Gallery, in fact, there was no court ; the consequence was, that none of RIOT IN LiNinnrcK.-On Thutsday ea-ening last, a riot corn- PEPPER, E.I. White, Vlb 0 05- 0 0 9 Is. 4P Th.
Pall Mall. The work. is finished in a superior ,style, the prisoners who had been tried had been legally 'convicted.- •. menced near Baal 's-bridge, between some countrymen on the Bolton, &Oen, & co, 391 St George, P, New York
Cearns, Crary, and co, - Geo. Washington, P, Do PIMENTO, de lb band
RICE, Carolina, 4p, act 0 0 41- 0 0 51 sd. .e lb.
1 13 0 - 1 15 0 15s. ay cwt
and 'each subject is accompanied by a description-and aSo much for the new system and the proposed £1,200 a-year and some townsmen on the . one side, The countrymen Cropper, Benaen &co, 281 Havre, K, ' ' ,City Point, Virginia ' Bengal, White, bond - 0 14 0 Is. .e cwt.
ttagmentation of the county rate, were somewhat clamorous 'and noisy, when they tete tact by b.. Maury, Latham & co, 454 Trenton P Boston Patna - 0 18 0 • Is. V cwt.
brief_memoir:of the artist.0 1
Mr. Serjeant Arabia said he would inquire of the judges, townsman, against vvh-om they jostled; a scuffle ensued, in the C Tayleirr and co, 394 Robt. Pulsford, No. 2, Orav, New Decant SALTPETRE, aj, cwt ll7- 1 19 0 6d. V cwt.
course of which the townsman was most cruelly beaten and W& J Brown & co, - North Star, P, Philadelphia , SPIRITS, 49' gallon, bond,
when they arrived, as to what course was to be adopted.
THE. SHEPHERD'S NOCTES. Mr. C. Phillips.-I hope you will not decide that the jury kicked. On re'eovering himself, he mustered hit traops and W& a Brown & co, - United Statee P, Du " Rum, Jam. 22 to 33'0. P. - 0 3 1
9S V gal.
' eraser's Magazine contains, under this head, a whim- Shall try the prisoners ever again. A. laugh.) pursued the 'countrymen to the bridge, y here one of the most C G Weber &co, 337 Agenoria, Q. Virginia Leeward, underproof 0 I lli- 02 0
2 oIOO.P ....... - 0 2 2
convivialities "
siaal and lively description of the of The confirmed •
Mr. Clarkson Mr. , and other gentlemen of the bar, obstinate and bloody battles of the kind we ever witnessed took BRITISH AMERICA. , BRANDY, Cognac, Ist quality 04- 0 4 10 2£l 2s 6d
' .
the statement made by r. il ips. 026 - 0 2 7 i efe gallon
Beef Steak Club," a very ancient corporation, that has Judge or ere e cour tostand adjourned,
At 11 o'clock the d t 1 th t many instances, nearly proved fatal. A isnmher of the comba- SOUTH AMERICA. • SUGAR, Jamaica, Brown, r cwt 2lO 0-2 12 0
always contained the choicest spirits, both literary and as the judges in the justice-hall could not give a decisive tants had their heads and faces most dreadfully lacerated. The J N Wood & re, 271 Martha, K Brazil Middling to goocL
Fine and very fine 2 12 0 - 2 16 0
2 17 0- 2 19 0
political, of the day. It is an admirable caricature, and answer as to what was to be done, but messengers were des- literally crimsoned with and one streets gore; poor intro- Swainston and Cram, 328 Lycurgus G, Do : Demerara, brown 2100.000 £1 4s Od
an excellent quiz upon the shepherd. patched to the great law officers ta, inform them of the dilemma cent and inoffensive man, named Michael Woods, 'of Doonass, G Hightield, 130 Dennett,'S, Lima Middling to good 2llO-2 14 0 V cwt.
.- in which the bench of common jurisprudence were placed.- who happened to be looking on, had his leg actually fractured W KerBs co, or .1 Holliwell, 287 Hannah, K., Maranham ' Fine 215- 2 17 0
Shepherd.-We had some capital Tory meetings in. Lou- pate et orderto summon aLondon
'lle officers were des hI in ' by 'a blow of a stone. The countrymen at length retreated to- Cotesworth & Smith, 264 St. George, G, Pernambuco Barbadoes 2ll- 3 5 0
don. We had ane in Archy Hasty's house every week ; an' jury but after the lapse of near two hours only 'seven 'gentle- wards Penny-well, but were repeatedly intercepted by the towns- . Do,
0 Highfield, 151 Forth, K, . Rio Janeiro Havana, brown 1 0 0- 1 1 0 '1
361 Brothers, P, Bahia Yellow
how we did enjoy oursel's, wi' Burns' bowl afore us! Then we 'teen. Mr. William Magrath, of the Bank of Ireland, on being 1 2 0- 1 4 0 >£3 3s Od
dand the were discharged.•
men apeare , ey White to fine 'white 1 5 0 - 1 13 0 J V cwt.
had ane in !the British Coffee-house,-a wheen noble fellows, Thep opinion of the Judges is at present that the Court must apprised of the tumult, rode off with much expedition to Penny- - MEDITERRANEAN.
Bengal, brown, bond 0 0 0- 0 0 0:
maistly Scotsmen. An we had ane in Cuff's tie night, where begin de novo as to convicted felons, unless they signify that well, where he succeeded not only in restoring order, but also Highfield Brothers; 136 Carolifie; Cg, Leghorn Yellow OO- 0 0 0 £ll2s Od
I was was to meet sae moray o' the fine fellows that I had often they are content with the verdict of guilty passed against them, in arrestihg four of the principals among the ethintinamen. Had J Rothwell. 142 Harbinger, 0, Genoa and Leghorn White l4- I 10 0 efr cwt.
been sae happy wi' in this very room. There was Galt, an' Cro- and this is not probable, because the convict cannot be worsted he not done so, there islittle doubt that many lives would have .
EUROPE. Brazil, brown, bond 0 17 0 - 1 0 0
ley, an' M‘Gwanns an' Robertson, an' diffora an' Lockhart an' by undergoing • d dal
ergoing a secon or e . been lost. The townsmen knocked down every man wearing Campbell & CraWford, 131 Earl of Errol, S, Riga and Elsineur. Yellow 1 1 0- I 3 0
mysel-foreby Sadler. an' Vivian, an' Croker, and Lord Shan- - a frize coat who happened to pass the road, during the evening. P C Jeger and co, 281 Frederick, Q, Elsineur and Abo. White to fine white - I' 8 0
- Refined, lumps, brown,36lb to 4.01 b 3 2 0- 0 0 0 £3 3s Od
does, an' a' the sterling chaps we could hale thegither,-priests The scene, altogether, was one of a most frightful and alarm- I Poole and co, 207 Accession, K, Narva Middling 33- 0 0 0 cwt.
an' bishops, an deans an archdeacons, an - LONDOiV POLICE. ing aspect. The police did not arrive until too late,- and Mr. C G Webet & co, 163 Tyrentle tostte, Q, Elsineur and tell
Gilfillan.-What is an archdeacon, sir? Magrath's conduct, in their absence;was very judicious and ' Do, 802 Ostsee, B, Blsineur Loaves, single, ordinary, 14115 to 18115 390- 3 11 0
' Middling and fine.. • 3 11 0 - 3 18 f) J '
Shepherd.-The -de'il a bit o' me kens. But I noted that, 130 W-STREET. praiseworthy.-Limerick Evening Mail. Do,
C L Baht, - Emelie, Q,
160 Remke, Q. Elsineur and Rostock TALLOW, Petersbur Yll g, e...0w 26- 2 6 3 235. 2d. V
whenever I met wi' them, they were set high up, at the table A system of forgery, which has been carried on to a consider- Do, 144 Johanna Gertrude K, Dordt and Rotterdam Archangel, Soap OO- 0 0 0 5 'mt.
, , , -...-, Do TAR, Virginia, tr brl '
next to the bishops an' nobility. I fancy they're a kind o' rut- able extent in Bank of England notes, has lately been dis- • Do, - Nive Boskend, b, Iteland 0- 0 0- 0 0 0 s 15s, per
in elders or vicars, covered through the exertions of Mr. Thomas, the police VAUXHALL.--GRAND GALA FOR THE BENEFIT Do, 236 Frederica, Q, OstendStockholm and Archangel Ol4 6 ee. 0150 5 12 brls.
VIP/am-We Ime never had a crack with you since you Teft superintendent. The notes vary in amount from £5 to £lOO. or TFIE POLES. B9 Catharine, Q, Rotterdam and Dordt TOBACCO, Maryland, .1; Its, band 000- 0 0 0
Ordinary and Scrubs 0 0 31- 0 '0 4
London, Shepherd; and it was principally for that we all and it is believed that a vast number of them have obtained The gardens were thrown open for the admission of the pub- Do, 144 Christina' Cornelia, B. Derdt ! Brown Leafy to Coloury. 0 0 3e- 00 7
came to-night, to hear what impressions such a place, and such circulation by means of some of the fashionable gambling- Do,
lie at eight o'clock on Monday evening, being an hour earlier Do' - Wethelinuva Laurentia, Q, Do
140 Neptunna, Q, Rotterdam i Virginia, Ord. and Dry 0 0 2i- 0 0 3 3s. V lb.
than the usual time of admission this season, and in a very short Middling, part black 0 0 3t-- 0 0 4
society, have left on such a man. What astonished you the houses at the west-end of the town, where they have beenDo, 115 Frouwina, Q, Do
Most in London ? passed off without suspicion in the hurry and excitement which time after the walks were thronged with visitors. We have not Do, 123 Harmonic., P, Do and Amsterdam Kentucky, Leaf
Stemmed 0 0 21- 0 0 al
0 0 3- 0 0 3
Shepherd.-Its enormous size, an' the impossibility o' winning prevails in place's of that description. The plan is said to have for some years witnessed so great a throng, and everything bore Do, 113 Concordia, K, Do
out o't. But that which will always strike a Scotsman insist, originated with the notorious Coster, who employed his agents the appearance of mirth, enjoyment, gocd-humour, and harmo- Do, 88 Troop, 0, Do TURPENTINE, Rougli,VCW,AMer 011 6l- 012 0 4s4dVcwt
,
after entering London, is the extraordinary rapidity with which to carry it into effect. The forgeries are in general executed in ny, but we aegret to say these
.appearances wet* before the close Do, 102 Elizabeth & Cornelia, 0, Do
every one travels. 'Every one is galloping on, hurling on, And a superior tyle, and the watermark of the Bank has been very °i. o
the evening completely dissipated, and one of the most dis- Do' - Antonia, P, Antwerp , • EAST INDIA Co3IPANY'S INDIGO SALE, THIS DAY.-The quantity
declared for Sale was 6,620 chests. Previous to the opening the
• 209 Phoenix, Q, Ostend.
posting on, as if life were afore them, an' death ahind. But I ' successfully imitated. The engraving appears perfect in every graceful scenes which ever was witnessed at a place of public Do,' - Helena, K, Elsineur. Proprietors withdrew 471 chests ; leaving for Sale 6,149 chests.-750
014,4, nae a great smash o' queer stories to tell ye about that by,an' respect with the exception of the dates, which are rather slum- amusement succeeded. At the close of the first art of the con- Do, 96 Jonge Wicker, Q, Groningen chests have passed the Sale this day, of Which 238 chests were Com-
by. sily managed. The signatures, in imitation of those attached cost, Which took place in the orchestra in the open air as usual, Do, 181 Nien Ondemneeminu, Q, Nerve. pang's.-The whole sold with spirit at an advance on last sale of 2s.
Cilfillan.-0 man ! there is nothing I like sae wool as your. 'to the genuine notes, are not written with a pen, but engraved .it was understood that the doors of the Rotunda were to be Do, 199 Jean de Sequinhein, Q, Ostend on the ord. and mid. qualities of Bengal andßenares, and 2s. 3d. fa 2s.
stories about London. We saw by the papers that you were in ,in imitation of writing, and the difference can only be perceived thrown open, and that in the second act, in which Madame Do, 113 Angelina, Q, Antwerp 6d. on the good and fine sorts, the greatest advance bearing on the fine
qualities, which have been mostly bought on speculation.-Madras
a great number of public societies as a guest: which of them by a very close examination. The paper on which the forge- Pasta, Madame Grandolfi, Signor Paganini, and Mademoiselle . -
all did you enjoy most ? ries are executed is, however, of a much thicker description 'raglioni were to perform, they were to make their appearance
Shepherd.-0 the Beef-steak Club out o' a' sight! than that used by the Bank, and it wants the crisp feel by upon.the stage of the small theatre which forms one aide of the *bfpping Enteitigenct. PREMIUMS OF INSURANCE AT LLOYD'S,
Simon -The Beef-steak Club ?-a curious denomination !- which the latter is distinguished. The numbers are filled in building. Whether or not this was a judicious arrangement we Tuesday, July 9, 1833.
What sort of a society, is that? with the same four figures, transposed and reversed in every shall not stop to inquire, but the fact of the doors of the Rotunda ,
. Shepherd.-Ah, Sim! the queerest set o' devils that ever were way, so that each note should bear a different number. Mi. being closed. till-so late a period of the evening, and the curiosity LONDON AND LIVERPOOL ()unman. HOME,
conjoined thegither. A' noblemen an' first-rate gentlemen, Thomas, who has the business in hand, is using his endeavours 'to witness the performance which was to be exhibited within TRADE OF LIVERPOOL. TO -
though, for a' their mischievous tricks. I never was wi' the to trate the forgeries to the parties by whom they were on being so intense, occasioned a crowd at the entrances so dense, There is scarcely a place in the world, to which the British flag is Jamaica
hempies but tie night, by particular invitation, slang wi' Mur- ally circulated •;-but owing to the plan adopted to pass them off, that at no benefit, even in the best days of Siddons and Kean, accessible, that a ready conveyance. is not afforded from this enter- After Ist August
ray ; but I never leugh as muckle on a night sin' I was born. considerable difficulties arise to prevent detection. was anything ever witnessed that can bear even a resemblance prising port_. and the following, information may be acceptable to our
distant readers. We begin with the United States of America, to Leeward Islands, Demerara Btßerbice' 25 0- 0 0 25 0- 0 0
After Ist August
0, I wad like to be a member o' the Beef-steak Club ! But It may be remembered that a young woman named Cathe- to the scene that ensued. Ladies fainting, shrieks, screams, which packets of the most splendid description are despatched as Honduras - 50 0500- 60 0
that's impossible, as they are-a' far aboon my sphere, an' I live tine Murphy was charged at this office some weeks ago with curses, yellings, continued without intermission for upwards of follows, viz. :- New York, Boston - 25 0 20 0- 30 0
over far Erse them. An' mair than that, by a clause in their stealing a pocket-book, containing £1,400 in post-bills and halt' an hour, at the termination of which the doors were thrown Nkw Y 0 the 1 t Bth 16th d 4 h f ' . ORK- ne s „ ,an 2 t o each month in the TI
Charleston, Savannah 2O 0- 25 0 20 0- 30 0
original institution, the number is limited, which is a great pity. other securities, from the person of a gentleman named Ker, open. The doors unfortunately opened outwards, and the pros- year.- Observe-There is a regular mail from New York to CANADA, avana - 45 0400- 60 0
The late king, when Prince of Wales had to wait three years who was residing. at the old Hummums Hotel, Covent-garden. sure increased tenfold by this unfortunate circumstance. The Ara b.y an arrangement between the respective governments, the
Canada
British North America - 30 0 30 0- 0 0
20 0- 25 0 0 0- 0 0
after he applied before he could be admitted; and only gat in The robbery took place at a public-house in the neighbourhood rush became truly terrific. The first ranks that entered came S'enlneannlan d postage is not demanded, as formerly, on letters to Newfoundland 2O 0- 25 0200- 25 0
by sending a nobleman abroad to a lucrative situation. When of the Strand, and the prisoner, after undergoing several exa- in immediate contact with the rows of loose forms which were " _ forwarded after their arrival in New York. Brazils 25 0- 40 0 25 0- 60 0
Mr. Murray and I went in, the first service of beef-steaks was minations, was committed for trial at the next Old Bailey Ses- placed for what was absurdly called the "accommodation" of PHILADELPHIA-On the Bth and 20th of each month. River Plate - 35 035 0-. 40 -0
just serving, and the Recorder was on his legs reading some sions. No part of the property, however, was found upon her the public ; over these forms they were in a 'moment precipitated, BOSTON-On the sth and 20th, usually. • East Indies - 00450- 0 0
apoloi,,,ies. The first was from the Duke of Leinster, whose person, and it was supposed to be either concealed or destroyed.. and fortunate it was for those who were sprawling prostrate, •• OTHER PARTS OF THE UNITED STATES-The conveyances are BataCompany's Ships - 50 0500- 0 0
Batavia 5O 0-- 60 0 £3 - £.5
- turn it was to have filled the chair that night, but who found it Alonday morning, however, a constable of the F division, that the loudness of their screams operated for a moment to te- ' frequent, but merchants usually send their letters by 'way of New New South Wales 5O 0- 60 o£3- £4
tard the advance of their immediate successors. By a prodigi- orls
out of his power to reach London in time, There was one from named.Conolly, reported at the station that a strange woman Cape. of Good Hope - 0 0 . 35 0- 0 0
the -Lord Chancellor, who was detained by the illness of a dar- whom he met in James-street, Covent Garden, invited him to a ous effort of these last, the mass which was pressing on behind , Hay/mean-On the sth of each month. Observe-Letters are for- . Africa 3O 0- 40 0 4e 8 guineas.
was for a moment kept back, and in that moment the fallen re- warded, also, by way of New York. Gibraltar
ling daughter; and one from the Duke of Wellington on ac- public-house in the neighbourhood, where she placed an un- 20 0- 0 0 20 0- 0 -0
count of precarious health. sealed packet in his hands, which she wished him to inspect, gained their legs and made their escape. We believe no acci- MONTREAL-On the 24th of each month during the season. Lima, Valparaiso, &c 5O 0- 80 040 0-- 50 0
Gilfillan.-And What is about the club that delighted you so and while lie was in the act of doing so she ran away. The broken limbsoccurred • but the 1
dent
of , loss O. bracelets, neck- EAST INDIES,
_CAPE OF Goon Malta Sicil Ste
Mee, AND BRITISH WEST INDIA , s ' d Constantinople - 25 0 25 0- 30 0
much ?Do they actually dine on beef-steaks? packet was found to contain the whole of the contents of Mr. chains, ornaments, shoes, and other articles of decoration, was ISLANDS-There are usually monthly conveyances. myrna an
Malaga 3O 0- 0 0 30 0- 0 0
20 0- 23 0 25 0- 30 0
Shepherd.-Solely on beef-steaks-but what glorious beef- Ker's pocket-book. The conduct of the constable in suffering without number. The Rotunda was filled in a few minutes, and Rio DE JANEIRO-On the Ist and 16th of each month. Madeira - 00150- 0 0
steaks! They do not come up all at once, as we get them in the woman to escape has been .reported to the Commissioners then commenced scene, evidently the work of previous ar- OTHER PARTS of SOUTH AmEiticA-Not regular but frequent. Western Isles, Cape Verde - 30 0300- 0 0
Scotland-no, nor at half-a-dozen times ; but up they come at of Police, as it is considered that she must have been a party to range' ~
lent as disgraceful
as the most fertile imagination of
GENOA AND LEGHORN-On the Ist and 16th of each month, ,(Lisboa, Oporto l5 0- 20 0 15 0-.20 0
blacaguardism can conceive. In vain did Madame Pasta, in • adiz . 10 6.- 20 0 0 0- 0 0
long intervals, thick, tender, and as hot as fire. And during the robbery. lasuon-On the Ist and 16th of vach month.
vain did Paganini, in vain did Miss Inverarity attempt to get aFrance lO 0- 15 '0 7 6- 15 0
these intervals they sit drinking their port, and breaking their
THAMES POLICE-OFFICE, hearing. About a dozen, or thaps fewer, vagabonds inter- oeonao-Every 3 weeks. Holland
wicked wit on each other, so that every time a service of new'hamburg, Bremen, Btc. - 10 0 7 6- 10 0
rupted, by the -most unmannerly
and unmanly hooting and • NAPLES -AND SICILY-Every 3 weeks.
steaks came up, we fell to them with much'the same zest as it , On Monday, among the paupers who were brought before Mr. • Gottenburg,'Stockholm, - 0 0 7 6- 10 0
shouting, the voices of the singers, and the instrument of the SMYRNA AND CONSTANTINOPLE-Every 3 weeks.
the beginning. The dinner, I think, would last from two to Ballantine and Mr. roderipß to be passed to Ireland, was an Petersburg, Riga, Bze . - 0 0 10 0- 0 0
three hours, and was a perfect treat-a feast without alloy. Irishman, named Maurice, chargeable to the -parish of St. John, violinist ; the uproar lasted for upwards of an hour and a half, • aar, Greenland, Davis' Straits
and those persons who, either from motives of. sympathy with -
Simon.-What! do they drink port during dinner? Wapping,_ whose case was one of a very peculiar and distressing
9 the unfortunate but heroic Poles, or from a wish to hear the, TUESDAY, 9th July.-Noon, Wind N.N.W.-Fair. FOREIGN MAILS.
Shepherd.-They do that, billy. If ony member had ca'd for nature. It appeared that the poor fellow, who was supported .•
aught aboon port, -I
wadna hie been i' his line for forty shit- lo oil i
on crutches, was formerly an excavator mop ) n the exca- dd 1 • '
scientific an u cetuotes of the'performers had crowded to the ARRIVED:-Carroll of Carrollton, Bird, from Savannah • sailed o
ardens, were completely disappointed,disgusted,' fatigued, and the n7thTk kthen
10th June. -0 theinstant off us ar, Spo e St. John, PLACES. I POST-NIGHTS.
hugs, as the bogie said. In the first place, he wad hae been cation of St. Katharine's Dock, andby the accidental fall ofa - g
terrified, by _the detestable-conduct f
fined ; in the second, he would hae been obliged to take a tpub- mound of earth on his leg, has ever since been incapacitated terr
the Asia, Graham, for Vlaranham.
they
whether be Englishmen (which we very much doubt), or' France "I :Monday, Tuesday,
lie rebuke. Ony o' them may hie as muckle punch as they from work, and perhaps rendered a cripple for life. Ile 'has
Whether be Rassians (which seemed "to be the -.
James and Henry, Paine : and Neptunus, Barker, from Rotterdam Malta. (via France,) - Thursday, and
like, or toddy, or twist; but wine of a nominal higher qualit been for sometime an inmate of 'Wapping workhouse, and his w• • they disgrace general • -.lmmix, Dierendock ; and London 'Packet, Palming, Ostend- • Italy, Sicily, Sardinia, and Turkey J Saturday.
tient:on), are a to the outward shape of manhood in
than port they are not allowed to taste. The Hon. Lord Sal. two children have also been supported there, bath' consequence .Concordia, Neil, Harlingen. Spain
toun, who was unanimously voted into the chair, had committed of his being married in the Catholic faith, 'at Birrning,ham and which they were' _gu ,
da-• ised and to *lowest society whichthis
the
a high and serious offence to the club that night; so he was ad- born in this-country, they haveobtained a legalsettlemetiehere, other metropolis can supply. or any pply. Of the fire-works. and the Hibernia,,Soilth, hence, at .do. Germany, Switzerland,Denmark, Prussia, Rus- • Thursday.
other entertainments.
of the evening w n kin un uala
a eca siva q Athol, Malcolm, from Mauritius, at St. II , elena 14th May, and sailed sia, and the North of Europe.
judged to stand with a white sheet about him, while the Re- and the father was now brought forward to swear to his examin- .
,„ fled praise ; and while we regrat that a scene so atrocious should the 17th for this port. Portugal Monday.
corder-general put on his cocked hat, and gave him a very sharp atom previous to his being passed to Ireland without them. . 10th Ma and sailed Sweden and Norway • Thursday,
a.have•destro.yed .the harmony of the evening, we rejoice:that the Cathinha, Malosco, from China, at do. the y,
and cutting rebuke, but in a style of ludicrous sublimity quite After the examination was readover, Maurice begged to say same day for Nantz. Gibraltar 1
-_, ample receipts at the doors from upwards of persons will
indescribable. What do you think was Saltoun's offence ? I'll a few words. He said he was not in a fit state to be removed to •9,000 Norval, Punton, from St. John, at Antigua. Malta and the Mediterranean I Monday before flu.
defy ony living man to guess. It was for sending a dozen got- 'lreland, he was not able to stand on the injured leg, and he g ,
oto the coffers which Ilre appropriated for the assistance of one Marv, -, hence, off Berbice. Madeira, Azores, Canary& Cape de Verde Islas. first Tuesday in
t If d d d
ties of sublime Highland whisky from his own stock, for the hoped the magistrates would not separatehim from his children.' of the Ines se - mate an :patriotic people o....aurive. Avast ' ,Sara'h ----, hence, at Charleeton. - Rio de Janeiro and Brazils every month.
use of the society, without leave granted. It is a club in which Mr. Broderip said this was a most painful case, and he thought, number •
ber of the nobilit were resent b, a o the scene of Britannia,Oliver, hence, at nlirainichi
y p at am on , . , . • Buenos Ayres, Montevideo, Chili, and Peru
non man can ken whether he is doing right or wring; the . confusion
after what had been stated, the parish would not call upon the . whichtucik place it was - , Economy, Wilson, hence, at Quebec. Jamaica, the Leeward Islands, and Bahamas a Tuesday before the
, Carthagena and La Guayra
body - thing. impossible to
, ' ' Pleiades,Wilson, henceand Newfoundland, at Richilxicto.
},first Wednesday- in
t _.... ___ ...cr---- . L.,4- -1........ .L_ 11/41A to PROS the senor man. cognize any or any mg.
Itemilus_ .--. hence. at-St. Andrew's, N.B. • North America _ Jta every month.

Gqfillan.-0 man ! there is nothing I like sae weel as your
stories about London. We saw by the papers that you were in
a great number of public societies as a guest: which of them
all did you enjoy most ?
Shepherd.-0 the Beef-steak Club out o' a' sight!
Simon —The Beef-steak Club ?—a curious denomination !
What sort of a society is that?
Shepherd.—Ah, Sim! the queerest set o' devils that ever were
conjoined thegither. A' noblemen an' first-rate gentlemen,
though, for a' their mischievous tricks. I never was wi' the
hempies but ae night, by particular invitation, alang wi' Mur-
ray ; but I never laugh as muckle on a night sin' I was born.
0, I wad like to be a member o' the Beef-steak Club ! But
that's impossible, as they area' far aboon my sphere, an' I live
ower far frae them. An' mair than that, by a clause in their
original institution, the number is limited, which is a great pity.
The late king, when Prince of Wales, had to wait three years
after he applied before he could be admitted; and only gn_t in
by sending a nobleman abroad to a lucrative situation. When
Mr. Murray and I went in, the first service of beef-steaks was
just serving, and the Recorder was on his legs reading some
apologies. The first was from the Duke of Leinster, whose
turn it was to have filled the chair that night, but who found it
out of his power to reach London in time. There was one from
the -Lord Chancellor, who was detained by the illness of a dar-
ling daughter; and one from the Duke of Wellington on ac-
count of precarious health.
Gilfillan.—And what is about the club that delighted you so
much? Do they actually dine on beef-steaks?
Shepherd.—Solely on beef-steaks—but what glorious beef-
steaks! They do no come up all at once, as we get them in
Scotland—no, nor at half-a-dozen times ; but up they come at
long intervals, thick, tender, and as hot as fire. And during
these intervals they sit drinking their port, and breaking their
wicked wit on each other, so that every time a service of new
steaks came up, we fell to them with much the same zest as at
the beginning. The dinner, I think, would last from two to
three hours, and was a perfect treat—a feast without alloy.
Simon.—What! do they drink port during dinner?
Shepherd.—They do that, billy. If ony member had ca'd for
aught aboon port, I wadna hae been i' his line ,for forty shil-
lings, as the bogie said. In the first place, he wad hae been
tined; in the second, he would hae been obliged to take a ,pub-
lic rebuke. Ony o' them may hae as muckle punch as they
like, or toddy, or twist; but wine of a nominal higher quality
than port they are not allowed to taste. The Hon. Lord Sal-
toun, who was unanimously voted into the chair, had committed
a high and serious offence to the club that night; so he was ad-
judged to stand with a white sheet about him, while the Re-
corder-general put on his cocked hat, and gave him a very sharp
and cutting rebuke, but in a style of ludicrous sublimity quite
indescribable. What do you think was Saltoun's offence ? I'll
defy ony living man to guess. It was for sending a dozen bot-
tles of sublime Highland whisky from his own stock, for the
use of the society, without leave granted. It is a club in which
nay man can ken whether he is doing right or wrang ; the
kindest action may be accounted an offence : but always the
more ward a man's behaviour is, the better. The greatest of-
fence of all is to lose temper. No man is there allowed to lose
his temper, on pain of being turned out of the society. It is no
uncommon thing for a gentleman to be fined and rebuked for
his face growing red. The club seems to have been originally
formed to teach men good temper, good humour, and forbear-
ance; and certainly there never svas a better school established,
for there is no sly insinuation that can be brought forward
against each other that is neglected, and always brought for-
ward in the most laughable and extravagant terms. During the
whole evening, the jocular laugh was so constant and so hearty,
that, save when a gentleman got up, who was always listened
to, no man could hear a word of the conversation, save from his
next neighbours. _

On Monday, among the paupers who were brought before Mr.
Ballantine and Mr. Broderip to be passed to Ireland, was an
Irishman, named Maurice, chargeable to the parish of St.
Wapping, whose case was one of a very peculiar and distressing
nature. It appeared that the poor fellow, who was supported
on crutches, was formerly an excavator employed in the exca-
vation of St. Katharine's Dock, and by the accidental fall ofa:
mound of earth on his leg, has ever since been incapacitated
from work, and perhaps rendered a cripple for life. Ile has
been for sometime an. inmate of Wapping workhouse, and his
two children have also been supported there, but in consequence,
of his being married in the Catholic faith, at Birmingham and
born in thisnountry. they havenbtained legalsettlemetiehere,
and the father was now brought forward to swear to his examin-
ation previous to his being passed to Ireland without them. .
After the examination was readnver, Maurice begged to say
a few words. lie said he was not in a fit state to be removed to
Ireland, he was not able to stand on the injured leg, and he
loped the magistrates would not separate him from his children.'
Mr. Broderip said this was a most painful case, and he thought,.
after what had been stated, the parish would not call upon the
Bench to pass the poor man.
Mr. Bathurst, the vestry-clerk's assistant, said it was not the
wish of the parochial authorities to act with anything like harsh-
ness, but some of the parishioners having complained that the
overseers were-supporting paupers who did not belong to the
parish, the overseers had thought it right to bring the case be-
fore their worships, that they mightnot be taxed in the vestry
with a dereliction of duty. The children were illegitimate, and
the Bench had already refused to pass them to Birmingham,
their legal settlement.
Mr. Ballantine said he wa.s'asked if he would pass the chil-
dren to Birmingham, but he felt the same reluctance then as he,
did now to separate them from.thefather, more patticulaily as
they had lost their mother. He did not think the pauper was
in a fit state to undergo the fatigues of a journey to Ireland, and
the overseers had better keep him a'little while longer, when he
would probably be enabled either to work or go to Ireland.
The man said he was iu hopes he should be able to walk about
in a few weeks.

STEAM NAVIGATION AND REFORM AT SEA.

„ere you placed?
Skepherd.--1 was'inetr the head of the table, with Sir John
Hobhouse above me on my left, and the Recorder on my Tight.
Gi?fillan.—Oh, man! how I would have liked to have been in
your place !
Shepherd.—Are you a Whig?
Gi?fillan.—No, no—you have nothing ado with that. But tell
us what sort of a gentleman Sir John is.

Shepherd.—A thin chap, wi' a Wellington face—rather
vouner-looking than I expected:- and appeared, that night at
Least. modest and unassuming in his manners. As for the Re-.
corder, his tongue never lay for a moment; but then his good
humour was inexhaustible. The croupier, a real clever ehield,
with ane o' the glibest tongues that ever waggit within teeth,.
got. up and gave his honour, the Recorder, a severe reprimand
for haverirag, sae muckle to me, whereby no one could get a
word exchanged with me but himself. But he just hotched, an'
leugh, an' gaed on. He told me a great number of anecdotes
regarding the club, which I was sorry I could not with propriety
take notes of, for they were very queer indeed. There was one
which struck me as particularly whimsical. Lord Brougham,
said to he the greatest wag among them, adjudged an honour-
able member one night, for some alleged misdemeanour, to,
walk three times round the company with a white sheet. about
him, and helmeted with a particular chamber utensil. The cul-
prit obeyed without the least hesitation, and swaggered ma-
jestically round the apartment so equipt. I shall give you only
one trait more of this singular society. Campbell of Islay sat
over against me, next to the president but one, and observing
that his chair was generally empty, I asked the Recorder the
reason of it, v ho told me that Islay was Boots to the club, being
the Youngest member! He had everything to do as far as
&MI-cables were concerned—to draw all the wine, decant, and
arrange it. The landlord and waiter, when present, were not
suffered to do anything, save to break their jokes on the mem-
bers ; so that really on such a night, when the club was so nu-
merous, the member for Argyle's birth was no sinecure. They
dine on Saturdays at the Bedford Coffee-house, somewhere, I
think, about the laigirs o' Covent-garden, and always part be-
fore twelve. 0, it is a joyous club! I have fourteen other so-
cieties to describe to you, of one half of which I was made a
member. I shall give a minute description of them all on some
future nights, as I propose meeting a few friends here every
night while I remain in town."
Now, we should wish that the Shepherd would do what he
here saYs,—viz. give us truly an account of what he did and
Avnat he saw when he was in London. One series of the true
and. genuine "Epistolm Iloggi" would be worth an acre of the
imitative "Nodes Ambrosianm," ever so well executed.
And so he will think on reflection. OLIVER YORKE.

A tailor, named \Vildgans, at Mayence, has just 'invented a
dress, consisting of cravat, waistcoat, pantaloons, coat, and
gaiters, all in one piece, and not requiring a minute to put on.
k
A gentleman, is said, had a hoard
.put up on a part of his
land, on which was written, " I will give this field to any one
who is really contented," and when an applicant came he
always said, " Are you contented ?" The general reply was,
am.,, Then," rejoined the gentleman, " what do you'
want with my field?"--Facts, not Fables.
WHO WANTS AN Hein ?—An advertisement appeared in the
'braid of 'Wednesday. addressed by a lady to " opulent persons
having no heirs," offering, a fine youth with a precocious
rakid, of arniatte.teMper and disposition, and who er.eites the
inttiest of ail who know him."

_
Mr. Broderip was certain the overseers of Wapping parish
were too kind-hearted to wish to separate the children from the
father. The marriage was, in the eye of the law, not valid,
having been solemnized according to the rites of the ltomish
church, but the law of God deemed it binding, and the children
were to all moral intents and purposes as much -entitled to the
protection of their father as'therwould have legally been had
the marriage been solemnized according to law.
Mr. Bathurst said he would not for one moment longer press
the magistrates to sign the passes.
Mr. Ballantine.—Then let the case stand over for a month,
and bring the man here again, and we will see what can be done
with him The parish will not 'find fault with us or the over-
seers for fixing the burden of supporting this man upon them
fur a short time longer.

31r. 'Vernon has given notice for 30th July, to bring in a bill
to regulate the sale of corn by weight instead of measure.

THE EYE.—The use of shades and bandages an every
trifling affection of the eye is an evil that cannot be too strongly
reprobated, for the action of light and air being thus excluded,
and the organ rigidly compressed, opthalmia, and even total
blindness, is not unfrequently the consequences of what, being
perhaps merely a slight flow of humour, or j
a extravasated
blood, would have subsided in a few da i ys, f udiciouslytreated,
or even if left to itself.—Curtis on the Eye.
Mr. Steele has given instructions to his solicitor, who is go-
ing to London, to have crown summonses served on Lord
Grey, Lord Brougham, Lord Ossory, Lord Althorp, Lord Plun-
kett, Sir William Gossett, Mr. Stanley, the Secretary to the
Birmingham Political Union, Earl Frey's Private 'Secretary,
-&c., as witnesses whom he intends to examine at the ensuing
Kilkenny Assizes. He will also require their attendance in
Limerick ( with the exception of Lord Ossorv) if the bills
should be found by the Limerick grand jury. Mr. Steele will
defend himself boil iu Kilkenny and Limerick without counsel.
—Dublin Pilot.

I stood beneath a hollow tree,
The blast it hollow blew ;
I thought upon the hollow world,
And all its hollow crew ;
Ambition, and its hollow schemes,
The hollow hopes we follow ;
Imagination's hollow dreams,
All hollow, hollow, hollow.
A crown it is a hollow thing,
And hollow heads oft wear it,
The hollow title of a king,
What hollow hearts oft bear it ;
No hollow wiles, or honied smiles
Of ladies fair I follow,
For beauty sweet still hides deceit,
'Tis hollow, hollow, hollow.
The 'hollow patriot but betrays
The hollow dupes who heed him,
The hollow critic vends his praise
To hollow fools who feed him ;
The hollow friend who takes your band
Is but a summer 'swallow ;
Whate'er I see is like this tree,
All hollow, hollow, hollow.

We-cannot but remark how deeply the Executive Govern-
ment do make the nation feel the force of old 'Solomon's re-
mark—" Hope deferred maketh the heart sick." The confidence ,
shown them'by a generous people deserves better of them 'than'
to neglect as they do the interests of Seaman and Navigation;
and it is to be hoped still that at the eleventh hour they will re-
deem their credit—that they will not for another winter defer
the abolition-of a system, the operation of which has doomed:
year after year our gallant sailors to be thrown'in crowds amidst
the 'foam of every 'heavy gale from their helpless leewardly
barks, to:perish on the rock by a death worse than crucifixion.
Were it a matter which req,uired to occupy the time of the
leading members of the executive, there might be some shadow
of excuse for delaying this all-important measure; but this is
not the case. • It is confided to a commission which, it is but
justice to say, are neither defiCient in intellect norinformation.
Far otherwise! But, deny them, they don't work; •and there
is but little encouragement in the intelligence, that similar dull
sailing concerns, something like the old ships, have been beating
about for now upwards-of eleven years without getting an inch.
to windward.
The affair is exceedingly simple, merely to measure the bulk
of a ship, and say what number of 'feet should be reckoned a
ton. Any three,guagers would settle the affair in three sittings
of fifteen minutes each.
Take for example the Monarch :
.11er length over stem and pastis 185 feet
Breadth within paddles. 32
Depth ;18
Cubic feet 'of bulk, about 90,000
For which she is rated and taxed 900 tons, while an ordinary,
fulllbuiltmerehattman Of 90,000 cubic feet of balk is rated and'
taxed only 600 tons.
Thus encouraging dull, expensive, unsafe vessels, and prohi-
biting ships which wodid place the British name as 'high in'
marine atchiteeture as it is in other arts.
The question naturally arises here, What is the motive for
suitaiding such an order of things'? And the Only surmises
that can be 'made are, the almost incredible one, that the Ad-
miralty do not wish the merchant ships to sail well; and the
more likely one, that too much value is set up6n making the'
task of measuring the ships easy for the tustomhouse-officers.
Is it to be endured that the Monarch, a vessel which will not go
to sea for less than £30,000, is not considered worth as much
trouble as is ordinarily bestowed on measuring a still full of
whisky worth about as many pence?
There is no doubt that it is easier to take the breadth of a
ship in one place, with one'length in the only dimensions used
in casting the tonnage, than it would be to take a few sections
according to the ordinary established modes of measuring
masses df all sorts; and it mightbe •easier still to adopt the
Chinese mode, namely, to take one dimension only, namely,
the length between 'the 'main and mizen masts. Such ways
may do for Chinese mandarins and Chinese 'slaves; but it re-
mains to be seen if the free.people of the United Kingdom will
submit to it. 4/.. once the English lion is roused, and the heather
on fire, the relief •may be granted with a worse grace than it
might have been. Ihe Monarch was built from the design of
a well known marine architect, C. W., of Port Glasgow.—
July 3, '1833.

NUPTIAL FESTIVITY.—On the marriage day of the hon.
Lloyd Kenyon, upwards of 100 freeholders dined2together in
the village of Llanarmon-yn-Yalc, in the'county of Denbigh;
to testify their respect and esteem for the character of that gen-
tleman, and to mask their sense of his upright .conduct, and
gentlemanly demeanour during the late contest for the county
of Denbigh. They were unanimous in their determination to
do their utmost to effect his return at the next election. The
evening passed off with the greatest good humour and hilarity.
- -

ARRIVED :-Carroll of Carrollton, Bird, from Savannah ; sailed on
the 10th June. Op the 7th instant off Tuskar, spoke the St. John,
Spencer, for New York; Grace Brown, Higgin, for Baltimore ; and
the Asia, Graham, for Maranham.
James and Henry, Paine : and Neptunus, Barker from Rotterdam
—Phoenix, Dierendock ; and London `Packet, Elbring, Ostend--
Concordia, Neil, Harlingen.
The Capricorn, Smith, hence, at the Cape of Good Hope, 27th April.
Hibernia,,Snilth, hence, at .do.
Athol, Malcolm, from Mauritius, at St. Helena, 14th May, and sailed
the 17th for this port.
Cathinha, Malosco, from China, at do. the 10th May, and sailed
same day far Nantz.
Norval, Puttton, from St. John, at Antigua.
Marv, —, hence, off Berbice.
Sarah , hence, at Charleston.
Britannia, Oliver, hence, at Miramichi.
, Economy, Wilson, hence, at Quebec.
)Pleiades, Wilson, hence and Newfoundland, at Richibucto.
Regulus, hence, at -St. Andrew's, N.B.
Guinan, (of this port;) Bulley, arrived at Hobart Town, Van
Dieman's Land, 10th Feb. last, in 95 days from London.
Zoe, Dick, hence, at Monte Video.
Vanguard, Walker, hence, at do.
Tlenry William, Lacy, hence, at Pernambuco.
Tweed, Smith, from Constantinople, at Odessa.
Dorothy, Paul, from do. at do.
Old Colony, Sralfh, from Havana, at Havre.
Hoop, Mugge, hence, at Helvoet.
Mercuir, 'Stobiar, 'hence, at do.
Frances, Unriek, hence, at Ostend.

G. 11. I.

SAILED :—Brechin Castle, Newlands, for Trinidad—Junon, Rnod-
ten, OStend—Engelina, -Bok, Bottenlam—Opheffing, Limmes, Dordt
—Rapid, Hewitt, Bombay, put back.

WEDNESDAY, Nth July.—Noon, Wind N.W.—Fair.

BROTHER JONATHAN'S SEA-SERPENT OUTDONE.—In the Bol-
ton- Chtordete-of 'date- the 6th instant, we read the following pro-
digious announcement:—" A piece of small wire, between two
and three miles long, a good deal corroded, was last week found
•in the heart of a fine notch cow which died at 'Paisley."

France
Malta. (via France,)
Italy, Sicily, Sardinia, and Turkey
Spain
Holland and the Netherlands
Germany, Switzerland,Denmark, Prussia, Rus-
sia, and the North of Europe.
Portugal
Sweden and Norway
Gibraltar 1
Malta and the Mediterranean
Madeira, Azores, Canary& Cape de Verde Islas ?,
Rio de Janeiro and Brazils
Buenos Ayres, Montevideo, Chili, and Peru
Jamaica, the Leeward Islands, and Bahamas
Carthagena and La Guayra
North America
Leeward Islands and Demerara
Jamaica, St. Domingo, and liavannah..
Mexico, Cuba, and Honduras : .

every month.
'Tuesday before eh
third Wednesdaye
I in every month.

ENGLISH STOCKS, JULY 9.

ARRIVED :—Reward, Goss, from ,Marseilles—DeJonge Juff Eliza-
beth, Michilson, Ostend—Catherine Charlotte, Christian, and John,
Robinson. Riga.
Louisa Maria, Cornelissen, hence, at Ostend.
Egidius, Den Duvts, hence, at do.
Charles,'Lieven, 'hence, at do.
Leopold First, Zerran, hence, at do.
Julie, De Corte, hence, at do.
Elizabeth. Rees, from St. John, N. 8., at the Cove of Cork.
'Hannah Moore, Moore, from Monte Video at do. int() das.
Freston,•Rickard, hew°, at Dublin. .
Walter Johnson. Roberts, hence, at do.
• Lord Althorp, Riddle, from St. Andrew's, N:B. atdo.
Gratitude, Wright, from Riga at do.
Velocity, Rowland, from Trinidad at Waterford.
Acadian, Auld, from Charleston at the Clyde.
Oxford, Davidson, Trom-Miramichi at do.
Robertson, Neil, from Montreal at do.
Wolfs Cove, Hamilton, from St. John, N.B. at do.
Traveller,• Monamy, from Bahia at Falmouth.
Amity, for Bourdeaux, passed Holyhead yesterday at 3, a.m.
Illontezurnajor Philadelphia,•passed do. same day at'6, a.m.
Tickler, Lowden, which sailed last evening for Sincapore, returned
'to ilock.this morning to stop a leak.
Iris, —, sailedfrom Buenos Ayres for this port 19th April.
Clutha, Cowan, and Mazeppa, Wilson, sailed from do. for do., date
uncertain.
Thomas Scattergood, Waithman, hence, for Philadelphia, put into
Milford 7th inst. very leaky.
Brilliant, Robertson, hence, for Glasgow, having missed stays off
the Point of Ayr, Bth inst., was driven on shore ;' she'has unshipped
her rudder, and is making a good deal of water.
The smack Lively, of Whitehaven, Brockbank, sailed from Belfast
on the Bth ult., laden with oatmeal and potatoes, bound to LancaSter,
and has not since been heard of. The crew consisted of,three per-,
'sons, and there were also three passengers on board.

Bank. Stock, div. 8 per Cent 2OB 207 81 71
1 per Oent. Red. Anns £lOOO.. 891 1
Ditto 500.. 894 4
3 per Cent. Consols Anns 1000..881 4 41 ex div.
Ditto 500... 884 *4 ex div
311)er Cent. Anus. (1818) lOOO.. Nothing done.
Ditto
3 per Cent. Anns. (1726) Shut.
3i
_per Cent. Reduced Anns 1090.. 961 i 1
Ditto 5OO. 964 1 4
New 31 per Cent. Anns 1000.. 951 14 ex div.
• Ditto
4 per Cent. Anns. (1826) 1000.. 102 i 8
Ditto
New "5 pet Cent
Long Anns., exp. Jan. 5, 1860.
Annuities for 30 yrs, exp. Oct. 10, 1859
Ditto If Jan. 5, 1860 16 13-16 i ex div
Ditto 50 "
div. Jan. 5, 1880
India Stock, lOl por Cent.
South Sea Stock, diV. 31 per Cent
Ditto Old Annuities, div. 3 per Cent Nothing done.
Ditto New Annuities, div. 3 per Cent
3 per Cent. Annuities, (1751) phut.
India Bonds, 21 per Cent.
Bzmk'Stock for Account. July 24,
3 per Cent. Consols for Opening, July 24 ..
India Stock for Account, July

53s 54s pm.
52s 54 pm.
52s 54s pm.
Nothing done.
Nothing done.

PRICES OF SHARES,
LIVERPOOL, July 11, 18:1.3.
Liverpool Coal Gas
Liverpool Oil Gas
Liverpool and Harrington Water Works . .
Bootle ditto .
Exchange Buildings
Liverpool and Manchester Railway, . £lOO paid £212 ..
Ditto Old Quarters . . . 25
Ditto New Quarters . • 25 . 51 10 ..
Bolton and Leigh ditto . . . . . 100 . 85 Sellers.
Ditto
Warrington and Newton ditto . .
Kenyon and Leigh ditto
Wigan Branch ditto
St. Helens and Runcorn Gap ditto
Leicester and Swannington ditto .
Stockton and Darlington ditto . .
Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Rail 23 15 Sellers.
way and Canal . .
Leeds and Selby Railway . . . . 25 £ s £a ..
Grand Junction ditto
London and Birmingham . . .
Bank of Liverpool
Bank of Manchester .....
Manchester and Liver District Bank 10 .. 13 ..
Commercial Bank of Liverpool . . 10 .. 11 10 ..
Liverpool Marine Assurance Company 25 .. 32 5 ..
Oldham Gas Light and Waterworks 110 .. 16 . •
London and Greenwich . . . 7-1 .. 17s6d ..
• RICHD. DAWSON, Share-broker.
