patronage for a few Whigs and their Irish satellites, while it I
would leave Ireland in a worse state were the Tories again
in power, than she was when they were turned out—their re-
turn to power being the most probable• event in the political
future. '
" Some of the arguments of ad mice ricordiam urged in be-
half of the 'seven millions' by those who profess to repre-
sent them are of a kind to provoke dis gust rather than in-
spire sympathy. One would suppose that Irishmen were
destitute of every thing like manliness, self-reliance, and
even physical strength. The Scotch are not half as numer-
ous as the Irish, but there is not a man in North Britain who
would not laugh to scorn the idea of being ridden over rough-
shod by Tories, Whigs, or any other party or combination of
parties. The Irish nation, Mr. Yates alleges, can only be
' preserved from a revival of slavery' by keeping Sir R.
Peel out of office. We refuse credence to such a libel on
that people ; but if it be true and no calumny, then the
'seven millions' are qualified for slavery and unfit for free-
dom."
We wind up our remarks on this subject for to-dav,
with the following letter addressed to the Spectator,
which we borrow without infringing on his right :

" WHO IS THE TRAITOR ?"
"London, 27th September, 1838.
" Sir,—ln a recent number of your journal, Mr. 'Ward,
the able and independent member for Sheffield, was remind-
ed that some further explanation and particulars of the charge
brought against Mr. O'Connell and the Irish members, of
urging ministers to give them a tithe-bill without the appro-
priation clause, would be very desirable. Mr. Ward, I
understand, professed to speak of his own knowledge to that
important fact. Knowing so much, it is difficult to con-
ceive that he could not, if he chose, tell more. And it is fit
that Mr. Ward should be aware that some additional infor-
matioq is considered necessary, to show that he, a ministeri-
alist, did not lightly hazard the statement in question with a
view to aid ministers—to suggest something like an apology
for their dereliction of principle. Such was palpably the
motive with which a similar explanation of the ministerial
backsliding was originally given in a newspaper notoriously
prostituted to Downing-street uses. But, independently of
personal considerations, Mr. Ward owes it to the public to
state what he knows of a transaction which so materially
affects the character of no stnall number of the Irish repro
sentatives. If the truth is precisely what has been stated
then, 1, for one, shall know what to think of Mr. O'Conne'
and his set

" I am, sir, your obedient servant,
" A FRIEND '2O PLAIN DEALING."

PROSPECTS OF THE TORIES—REGISTRA-
TION OF VOTERS.
Having in the foregoing given a view of the Whig
prospects, we may be allowed briefly to advert to those
of the Tories. Our British bret bren, at least, are
taking the means to secure themselves of victory,
whenever the time conies for a struggle. In fact , the
battle is half won in Parliament which has been so
successfully fought at the Court of Registration.
(FROM THE SPECTATOR OF SATURDAY.)
" The Parliamentary registration proceeds in the manner
anticipated from the lazy indifference of the Liberals and '
the hopeful activity of the Tories. With scarcely an excep-
tion, the latter have succeeded in beating down the numbers.
of their antagonists, and augmenting their own. The Me-
. tropolitan County is clearly lost, and the Tories may reckon:
on returning two members at the next election. In London
city, a reference to the comparative numbers of claims and.
objections shows Toryism in the ascendant. In the coun-
ties, and in some of the principal boroughs, the same result.
is obtained. • Were an election to take place before the re-
gistration next year, there would be a large Tory majority.
returned for England. Sir Robert Peel, the Times now
plainly announces, is only waiting till he can be sure of a.
majority in the House of Commons,- to turn out the present.
Ministers. The Morning Chronicle eagerly snatched at the•
admission of the Times that the Tories were not yet readylto
take office; and asked how they were to get 'in ?' Look at:
the proceedings in the Revising Barristers' Courts, and the!
process will be plain enough : it is going on now. The-
Tories are assiduously making a majority; and the work.
once completed, there will be no longer any coquetting with:
the Whigs, no more shy reluctance to return to power, but.
an eager onslaught on the enfeebled foe.. The way may be.
opened any day after the meeting of parliament by the Lords,
who, by an address to the Crown for the removal of Minis-
ters, or the rejection of necessary bills, might compel a
Cabinet with a majority of only 15 or 20 in the Commons to.
retire. Probably this operation will not long be delayed, it
the registration goes on as it hhs commenced."
