I.IRST FRUITS AND TENTHS.

Mr. BA INKS, who had given notice for a select committee,
moved that the house resolve into committee " to take into con-
sideration the propriety of abolishing the first fruits of the
clergy of England and Wales, and the more effectual rating,
and the better collection of the tenths applicable to the main-
tenance of the clergy."
Several attempts were made to " count out" the house; af-
ter which there was a division on the main question, which was
carried by 48 to 27, being a majority of twenty-one against the
ministers ! _ _

The house then resolved into the committee, pro forma, re-
ported progress, and obtained leave to sit again on Wednes-
day.
Some returns having been ordered, and bills forwarded a
stage, the house adjourned early.

HOUSE OF LORDS.-WEDNESDAY.
ROYAL ASSENT.

At four o'clock the Lord Chancellor, the Archbishop of Can-
terbury, and Earl Shaftesbury, took their seats as Lords Com-
missioners, when the royal assent was given by commission to
the following hills which had passed both houses:—
The Consolidated Fund Bill, the Benefices Clergy Bill,
the Ilaileybitry College Bill, the Ribble Navigation Bill, the
West India Dock Bill, the Cookhain Bridge Bill, the Brecon
Market Bill, the Ashby-de-la-Zouch Small Debts• Bill, and se=
verat road and inclosure bills.
The house then adjourned during pleasure.
At five o'clock the bird Chancellor took his seat on the
woolsack.

Two petitions were presented, and the house adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.—WEDNEsDAY.

The Speaker took the chair at four o'clock.
Mr. WADDINGToN took the oaths and his seat for the wes-
tern division of,the county of Suff.dk.
-The Curbridke (Oxford) Inclosure bill was read a second
time.

The
Bristol
and Exeter Railway Bill, the Birkenhead Im-
provement Bill, and the Oakharn BEII4I Debts Bill, were read
a third time and passed.
A great number of petitions praying for a total and immedi-
ate abolition of slavery were presented.
The Marquis of CHANDOS presented a number of petitions
front different parts of the country against the Bonded Grain
Bill.

A great number of petitions containing a similar player,
were presented by other members.
BONDED CORN.
Cul. Sus LE moved the second reading of the Bonded Corn
Bill.
The Marquis of CHANDOS opposed the bill, on the ground
that it would be highly injurious to the agriculturists of this
country. He had given the measure his most anxious attention,
and he was convinced'it only held out a boon to foreign coun-
tries at the expense of the English farmer. --(Hear,.hear.) • tie
should, therefore, move that the bill be read a second time that
day six months. He was sure the agricultural interest, which
was so strong in that house, would not allow the bill to pass in-
to a law. It would be unnecessary to detain the house with
argument against the bill, as his sentiments, were so well known,
and had been so often expressed. (Hear.) He should, there-
fore, content himself with moving, as an amendment, that the
bill be read a second time that day six months.
Mr. WAICBURTON contended that the bill would be beneficial
to the farmers, and not injurious. It would give employment,
and the agriculturists would reap the advantage Of it. He con-
sidered the noble Marquis erroneous in the opinions he had
funned on the subject.
Mr HEATHCOTE strongly opposed the bill. He was convin-
ced it would tend to Baud and evasion. (Hear, hear.) In tact,
it only an attempt to repeal' the corn-law. (Hear, hear.) He
was well acquainted with the agricultural interest, and he knew
the wishes and sentiments of that body were that they should
Le left alone. (Hear, hear.)' They did nut wish, when they
were gradually returning toconif.rt, for parliament to interfere.
He therefore cordially supported the amendment of his noble
f rje nd.
Lord \VoOSLEY supported the bill. He did not think i
would act injuriously to the farmers, but on the contrary.
Sir J. TYRELL denied that thst agriculturists were a selfish
body, and contended that the bill would be most unjust and pre-
judicial to the landed interest.
Mr. iliioznstrroN said, he should support the bill, but he
trusted the lanillorts would throw it out, as it would convince
the country of the animus by which they were governed.
Mr. P. I. kiOMSON did not believe the house would reject the
bill. It was impossible that it could act iajuriously to the agri-
cultural interest of this country. (Hear.)
(Left sitting.)

RAILWAY FROM CARLISLE:Fp EDINBURGH AND

GLASGOW.

The committee alinointed to Obtain a survey of the country
from Carlisle, to Edidburgh and Glasgow by Beattock, with the
view of ascertaining.the practicability of a railway by the route,,
have published a report from which we extract the following
passages :
By the actual measurements, it appears that the distance froM
Johnston's Bridge to Edinburgh, according to the survey now
made is 64 miles; and it being kupwn that the distanCe from.
thence to Carlisle. by a line of very easy gradients, cannot
(supposing it taken by the thriving port and town of Annan)
exceed 35 miles—the whole distance frown Edinburgh to Carlisle
would be under 100 miles, or only about 7 miles farther than by
the shortest turnpike-road now existing. The distance tram
Carlisle to Glasgow would also be under 100 miles.
In comparing this line, therefore, with the one proposed by
Cummock and Kilrnaruock. the committee beg to call the at-
tention of the subscribers to the important fact, that in point Of
.distance from Carlisle to Glasgow, it will be 2atto 30 miles
aihrirter, and this saving, they cannot doubt, will do a great
deal more than counterbalance every disadvantage tiere may
be in the ascent of the Evan, as now reduced. And with regard
to Edinburgh, it is obviously almost 70 miles shorter than by
any other projected line, trom that city to Carlisle, and conse-
quently to Liverpool and Manchester, while by the Birmingham
railway to these towns it will afford the nearest possible cum-
Anunication with London.
The committee believe that the periotl is not now distant when
the subject of a general railway communication from England
to both Edinburgh and Glasgow must engage the attention of
.the public and legislature, and when that arrives, they have no
elouht it will be found that this is the only line which combines
all the advantages necessary to induce capitalists to embark in
such an undertaking.
Linder this impression the committee earnestly recommend
the landed proprietors of the counties of Edinburgh, Lanark,
Peebles, Dumfries, and Cumberland, to co-operate in the pro-
mntion of a measure, which, by opening up the central districts
ad the south of Scotland, will increase their produce and value
to ;in extent of which no estimate can now be formed.—Carlisle
Patriot.

tier Majesty, with a vier; to obviate, in some decree, the in-
convenienve likely to be experienced by the trade of the metro-
polis from the coronation taking place at the early period at
4silich it is at present fixed, has been graciously pleased to in-
,timate her intention of giving a series of grand banquets and
.court balls immediately after the ceremony has taken place;
by which it is presumed many families will remain in town, and
the London season probably be prolonged till the middle of
August.

Wlt FtERFORCE CURED OF A TAsTF. Fon GAMING.—It was by
this vice that he was himself most nearly ensnared. A brief
diary or this period records more than once or Ir.'s of £lOO at
ri
the faro-table. He wos weaed-from iit n a most characteristic
" We can have in' piny to night,: complained some
of the party of the club. "for St. Andstew is not here to keep
bank." Wilberforce." said Mr. Bankes oho never joined
hin"'llo "if von will keep it. I gill give on a guinea." The
pVaNt'ut challenge wnsi accepted; but as the game grew deep, be
toss' the winner of f.:600. Much of this was.lost by those who
'were only lie;rs to future fortunes, and could not, therefore, meet
such a call Without inconvenience. The pain he felt at their
annoyance cured him of a taste which seemed but too likely to
PIVIVIEUMUV....Lifo of William Wilberforce, by his sons.
