"To-day we have merely space sufficient to point
out the measures which seem necessary to the Colony
generally, but in future numbers we shall treat on
these subjects at more length, and it will remain fur
the inhabitants themselves to suggest such other re-
gulations as are peculiarly applicable, or required in
particular districts. All communications on such mat-
ters will obtain our immediate attention; and as we
understand that it is the intention of the Legislative
Council to sit daily until those measures which are
most urgent have been disposed of, any communica-
tions on these subjects should be sent to us at once.
"Returning to a more general view of this im-
portant event, we trust that to-morrow will be marked,
throughout the West Indies, as a day of sober re-
joicing on the part of the liberated Apprentices, and
of good will and harmony among all classes of society.
By a most remarkable coincidence, it is the Anniver-
sary of the discovery of America by Christopher Co-
lumbus—a discovery from which emanated the Slave
Trade, and the introduction into the West India
Islands,of the system of Slavery. It is likewise the
Anniversary of the Abolition of Slavery by the British
Parliament ; and now, of the Abolition of the last
vestige of Slavery—Apprenticeship—by the almost
simultaneous resolution of the Planters of the respec-
tive Colonies. Let us hope that it will likewise prove

the commencement of an era more auspicious to the
Colonies generally, and to this Island in particular,

than has been known since the first interference of the
British Parliament in the question of the abolition of
Slavery, under the resolutions- brought forward by
Mr. Canning in the year 1823."
The following is an account of the passing of the
act for the termination of the term of apprentice-
ship:—

ABROGATION OF THE APPRENTICESHIP
ON THE FIRST OF AUGUST NEXT.

Trinidad Ssandard C?llice, July 25, 6 o'clock, pan.
This highly-important measure has just been carried
through the council by a majority of votes ; and we hasten
to lay before the readers of the S'landard the earliest intelli-
gence of this event.
At a full meeting of the council, specially summoned for
this day, the following message from his Excellency the
Lieutenant Governor, on the subject of the immediate ter-
mination of the apprenticeship, was read to the beard:—
Government-house, July 25, 1838.

. .
His Excellency has summoned a council to meet this day,
for the purpose of laying before them the copy of a procla,
Illation, which his duty required him to issue. -
His Excellency is anxious, at the same time, to acquaint
the council, that he personally visited or held communica-
tion with most of the estates, pursuant to the intimation of
the proclamation, in order to afford to the apprentices every
explanation they might seek, and to ascertain how far they
were disposed to listen to reason on facts calculated to dis-
abuse those who erroneously thought, that as matter of right
they were to be discharged from apprenticeship on the first
of next month. The result has impressed his Excellency
with the conviction that the apprentices are almost univer-
sally persuaded that they are to be free, or have a right to be
free, on the first of next mouth, and that a refusal to give ap-
prentice labour will be general after that day.
His Excellency, therefore, once more anxiously invites the
council to take into their favourable consideration the ►nea-
sure of abrogating the system of prredial apprentices from
the first of August, 1838, which will give contentment to the
labouring population throughout the colony, secure peace
and tranquillity, and best provide for the permanent inter-
ests of all classes of the community.
The message having been read, a short discussion took
place, and the following resolution was proposed by one of
the members:—
" Resolved—That it is the opinion and advice of the coun-
cil of government, that the system of prwdial apprenticeship
shall cease and determine upon and after the first day of
August next."
This resolution, after some discussion, Was carried by a
majority of votes.
To give effect to this resolution, the following ordinance
was brought forward, and carried, and will, we understand,
be ptoclaimed at twelve o'clock to-morrow.
TRINIDAD.

AN ORDINANCEi

Enacted by the Lieutenant-Governor of Trinidad, with the
advice and consent of the Council of Government thereof,
for the abolition of the apprenticeship of the prtedial appren-
ticed labourers in the Island of Trinidad and its dependen-

cies, upon and from and after the first day of August next.
Whereas, by the act passed by his late Majesty King
William the Itourth, with the advice and consent of the lords
spiritual and temporal and commons in the parliament of the
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland assembled,
"for the abolition of slavery throughout the British colonies,
for promoting the industry of the manumitted slaves," and for
compensating_ the persons hitherto entitled to the services of
such slaves," it is provided that no person who by virtue of
the said act, or of any act of assembly, ordinance, or order
in council as therein before mentioned, should become a prm-
dial apprentice labourer, whether attached or not attached to
the soil, shall continue in such apprenticeship beyond the
first day of August, 1840. And whereas it is expedient that
the apprenticeship of such apprenticed labourers shall cease
and determine upon the first day of August, 1838. -
Be it therefore enacted, And it is hereby enacted and or-
dained by his Excellency the Right Honourable Sir George
Fitzgerald Hill, Baronet, Colonel of Londonderry Regiment
of Militia, Lieutenant-Governrir and Commander-in-Chief
in and over the said Island and its dependencies, Vice-Ad-
miral thereof, &c., &c., by and with the advice of ie Council
of Government thereof, and by the authority of the same,
that all persons who, on the first day of August, 1838, shalt
be in a state of apprenticeship, as prwdial apprenticed labour-
ers, under the said act, within this island and its dependen-
cies, shall, upon and from and after the first day of August,
1838, become, and be to all intents and purposes whatsoever,
absolutely and for ever manumitted and set free, and the ap-
prenticeship of such prwdial apprenticed labourers under
the said act, shall, upon and front and after the said first
day of August, 1838, utterly cease and determine within this
island and its dependencies.
And be it enacted, That this ordinance shall take effect
upon and from and after the first day of August next.
Passed in council, this 25th day of July, in the year
of our Lord 1838.

T. F. JOHNSTON,
Clerk of Council.

UNITED STATES.—By the Siddons, which arrived
here on Friday, we have received New York papers to
the 25tH ultimo. The commercial news brought by
this packet is deemed generally favourable. The
amount of business for the autumn was small, com-
pered with former years, but perhaps of a more sub-
stantial nature. The internal exchanges were fast
equalising themselves since the resumption of specie
payments, but the banks were rather cautious in dis-
counting. Mr. Biddle seemed to be in earnest about
establishing his new bank in the city of New York, for
which purpose he had taken a house, and made other
arrangements The new cotton crop bad already ap-
peared in the market, both at Charleston and Savan-
nah, and was of excellent quality; in fact, with the
exception of tobacco, which is greatly deficient, and of
indifferent quality, nearly all the crops in the Union
are a fair average, and the growers are in high spirits.
A meeting had been held in Philadelphia, and steps
taken to forward the plan for steam communication be-
tween New York and Europe. The elections were

turning almost everywhere against the present admi-
nistration. The removal of the Cherokee Indians to
their new tract of country was, after many conferences
and much anxiety of feeling, quietly going on, under
the direction of General Scott; and the termination, or
rather temporary cessation of the Indian war in Flo-
rida, had enabled Government to withdraw a great
portion of the troops from that district, and strengthen

the force along the northern frontier, where it ismucl
required to repress the patriotic feelings of the Ame.
ricans themselves, and prevent those marauding de.
predations which took place last year.
The news from Canada possesses no great interest

Lord Durham. had been enjoying his old and favourite
amusement of horseracing at Montreal, on which oc-
casion a most humble address of confidence was got up
and presented to his Excellency, who took occasion in
his reply to declare that he would not abandon the task
that he had imposed upon himself, until he was ena-
bled to submit to her Majesty's ministers such a per-
manent arrangement as would provide for the main-
tenance of public tranquillity. The boundary ques-
tion excited much uneasiness in Upper Canada, and,
in the opinion of the military, was likely to lead to
great embarrassments, if not an open collision. It
was reported that Earl Munstts was to succeed Sir
Colin Campbell in the Governorship of Nova Scotia,
and that the latter was to replace Sir John Colborne in
Canada, who would return home.
We have little news respecting the South American
Republics. Oribe, the President of Monte Video,

had resigned, after his defeat by Fruchnosa Riveiro,
and letters from that place of July 13th state that the
Chambers had been convoked, for ti;e purpose of open-
ing negociations with that Chief, who was daily ex-
pected to place himself at the head of affairs. At
Buenos Ayres, and also at Vera Cruz and the Mexican
posts, active preparations were made to repel any
attack by the French. These blockades are exciting
the greatest interest, not only in the commercial but
in the political circles. The Mexicans are reported to
be fully prepared to issue letters of marque the mo.
ment the castle of St. Juan d'Ulloa is attacked, in
which case there is no telling where the affair might
end. •

We subjoin the most important extracts.

UPPER CANADA.—THE SHORT fl !Lis CosvicTs.7-13ea-
iner. who was engaged in the Short Hills affair, was tried last
week at Niagara, U.C. convicted and ordered to be hung.
This is the seventeenth convict, and the fourth ordered for ex-
ecution. Great efforts, we understand, are waking by their
friends of Chandler and Wait to obtain a coannutation of
their sentence. It may possibly prove successful; but APLeod
and Bearner, it was believed, would be executed without
doubt.—Albany Argus.

DUTY ON SILKS AND COTTONS.—IMPORTANT CUSTOM
HOUSE ORDER. In February last, the then Comptroller of
the Treasury, Gov. Wolf, issued a.circular, by which a duty
of 12 1.2 per cent was to be charged on all silk laces, and 25
per cent on silk hosiery and silk gloves, which, since the pass-
age of the act of the 2d of March, 1833, had been entered as
free. Remonstrances were forwarded to the Comptroller
agaiust the said duties; when the follovring letter was re-
ceived
