7—therefore abandoned in 1828, and not reaest'd
close of 1829, when the new light was discovered' rio
pin repeat, that I believe the revenue was the 15ac ifil
traziliensis next attempts to excite public feeliegit,
r, by bringing forward t'ae present deranged Sitli, li)
idon Sugar Refiners. He tells us, that at this stile
e were 216 pans at work there, and now onlY 61', ell
gned no reason for this change, although he I's-
oduced the cause for another object. This year the
'0
of sugar is open to the refiners that they had aectebe,
last, at prices under those they then paid' nor
bor
it that period permitted to use foreign sugar--he' pt 0
iction from 216 to 61 pans to be explained, sePo'f°stiio
to be correctly stated ? I believe the cali.,,se ;fibl
l injurious change (for it is not less so to the or"h-01
1 to the British Refiner,) is one with which Brae,
permit us to grapple by similar means. France'oll
er home beet root sugar manufacture of abecte,oo
wally, imports more sugar from her colonies 0"" jil
es, but she does not, as Braziliensis requires °f ti,,
ters unprotected to struggle against the foreiglwet
last year she has paid a bounty equal to 15s. Per ti
ortation of her refined sugars, whilst on °lllslpl
'ding all the restrictions in labour, and heavy aed
es to which our planters are subjected by e+
he
into
which are unknown in the foreign colooiesi"- •
nominal bounty received is under 25., and tet)?
fined by the admission of the molasses is for t",, 1
•! Under such disadvantages, it is impossible e'ro
maintain competition in the foreign market, tbile.e
:11 is, therefore, at present in the hands of f r3,l'
alone I believe is to be attributed the distressert
refining trade for export, in which the British
sly participates. „ 4 ?Os
now come to the strangling case, which oree-12
ump h, but he may, probably, soon discover that et,
is vanity," if not " vexation of spirit;'' he Araugstiit
e aware, that such productions of the Unite ; 0°
orted and admitted for consumption here' s,.,chthe
&c., are also admitted on the same terms fro •,,, g
carried on the same conditions in the shirr l'ot
'try under the reciprocal system. But do 'le ;lib°
it the sugar .of New Orleans as well as that 0' 0
for the same reason, that we have enough afeuutitlll
it the case with the other articles brought fre-,, to
es or the Brazils, and we are, therefore, °Pe" ,
l from all countries. I ask, then, where is tithe ilio
Yen our trade with the Brazils and that svit'iteto
es ? and may it not have turned out, that by ;
e too much, Braziliensis has strangled hillisi! ,a' eel
e next professes to lament the want of criarl°/ rry
ships in the Brazil trade, and that foreigners eateo
fie produce shipped for British account. '-14 10°
170 British ships sail annually to the Brat et It
lug
manufactures, averaging, probably', aw- the
lug two voyages each in the year, reale° 05
illy employed to 30 or 35—and that the Ord
a are of little comparative importance! htt tils
happen, that, on the average of the las,-to .
;00 bales have been annually imported le
the Brazils, which, at 1500 bales for a, t'
loaded above 100 ships, or 30 to 40 more rh3beel'
oaded outwards! Where then has this exec eon
oll'
they not either have gone from this or sonlea il,
nballast ? But my supposing so is perharso 00
unfortunate ignorance of mercantile raatter
lieitsis is so fond of charging me. at
t foreigners are to be found loading 000
ter numbers than British ships, (probablY old
,isbon,) and they go there in ballast. il:iti
event British ships doing the same, if s° --.).(1'6(
i they nut do so, if they did not find mote ril;eo
ment elsewhere than carrying sugar and cooor,
li, or even to Liverpool, at 2s. 6d. or 3s. Pet.n.f
y last letter, that foreigners were subject 1. be
liaie
a same charges that British ships were. , e')t
,!
oted by Braziliensis, to prove the contra* -.e, rt
Leir own port, more than British are in 1j,•::,5%(,'
is and Swedes, the ships found chiefly at 1:33'.1,04'
th. Another of his arguments is, that Oared ‘'
t on his principles, and imports her sugar and bed.'
ever she can buy.it best and cheapest, art el'
iould not do the same? My answer is olivie°
„h the
o colonies to protect.
e are then told that those connected W''''- "'i)
'liie ~ ,li

e advocate he assumesio-be-sytaPath" bad'
Lns in their present state of difficulty, alt
.
se st* t t
, were they to be adopted, would increa
r back these feelings with contempt. IS hAe 130° :,
.Leealesnures about to be adopted here to put -° O'
ies, must, if in any degree consisteotof 00
Lnce so as to exclude all produce the fru° 0,,' tile
intermenable foreign slavery, such as thal -I iCeIA
3er these fruits be sugar, colee or ott°l3,' ortily
0. It is then no matter for surprise that II abed,
.e success of the measures he advocates. ',,, fli
if he can seriously expect that the 6:10,001
Mature, or people of this country, vcill °Oil
the fruits of foreign slave labour, a, fter they
.1
ished it in our own colonies After it
regards the Slave Trade to the Brazils.---ig el3',,
:el, Braziliensis must know, that several vcs'e' All' i,
Thee captured on that coast by British cruizr'ear,i
animus is there; that it has not beel)?or i'l,,,
to be from either the want of induccoeil; pre
Lase, the Brazilian Sugar Planters laciligi'• - i
.0116,

y depressed state.
rx;etnoturries past it has been the invariable fost;
• ive and protect the productii°ther'.
)3osesreesos:*oons, in common with those of the ' °of Ilj
f to. Foreign States, and the caused% sce,
must, I think, be obvious all hose 01414 J, i
to w . e,;o01,-eto
I.—This principle has been approved° ' cod) 00
by the ablest and wisest statesmen our heel ti
I. It has, also, up to the it titne, " ot°'.
le
ed byu the leading governmenPtrseosfeithe Contioecelo
1 nited States, and even by al° be rl'
America.
Thus fortified, it se and t° a Oroti
that we should now be called °P°ll „ail' ' ,filki
up or abandon those old established svicesrdo
Ile ry has drawn so much of its strength,
oirilmii
manufactures,
because certain loreigners rebgeol I
of factures, and willing to Pay for the
their countries, employing some 1311,11.4hi,f4
!husships would, through these agellts °30111P14
do so, and who might then qilsl. -,,e°
fter atnod break up the connection! I ttlof the
cajoled by such theories, or the new 11..941eac
to the full enjoyment of them I shall ndsv
onclude with being, your's, &c.►

DiSSC'

it 19th, 1833.

--------------
0 SrlY :
0 THE EDITOR OF THE I,II7ERP°-'6 111'111
,Absence from town has prevented nie r; ,0
if •cod be cv
observations of the editor of the %'ei As toe'
I observe_ that he has joined the Aibk°oo 0,0
NVheatley, and that he gives fear 3.5 k filtifili
declining a voyage to Jamaica and l'ac-.,' tlitit
to frank him. It would appear, thereibi'
