LIVER THEATRE, LIVERPOOL.

Second Appearance This Seaso'n of •
MR. W. J. 1-1 ANIMO N D,
' Of the Theatre Royal Covent-garden, for a limited period.
Mr, and Mrs. RAYMOND, Messrs. BROWN, KING, GIBSON, and

.........
'Mrs. GIBSON.
r lIIIIS preSent TUESDAY, March 6;1838, the Entertain-
mentslL will commence with the New raiiia, as performed
30 successive Nights at the Strand Theo. e, London, called
POACHERS AND PE 'ICOA.TS,
Or, PIIEASANT,SHRDTING.
John Meadows ,i r. W. J. HAMMOND,
As originally acted by him, in wh': ...jharacter he will sing an
• ' entirely New Comic Chant) riptive of London.
Colonel Rakewell, Mr Lee I Harriet Cavendish, Miss Maturin.
Margery - - Mrs: Raymond.
To which will be added, a new laughable Interlude (never act-
ed here) called an
AN INCONVENIENT DISTANCE!
Patrick Rooney
. c';'• - Leger.. Mr. HOwartl. Julia. Miss F. Graham.
To be followed by the admired Burletta called
Er; • 'HERCULES, KING 'OF CLUBS!
-- Tim,...(his man, alias Hercules,)..Mr. W. J. Hammond,
In which character he will sing a new Comic Song, descriptive
of the Birth, Education, and Labours of Hercules.
To conclude with (first time these three years) the Pantomime of
LA PEROUSE, or the DESOLATE ISLAND.
Perouse..Mr Gibsoii. —Kinko..Mr. King.
Chimpanzee, (the Monkey) Mi. Brown. Umba, Mrs. Gibson.
' Tickets and Places for. the Boxes tube had of Mr: J. Fogg,
at the Theatre, each. dnyfrour 11 till-3.—Boxes, 3s. Pitt, 2s.
Gallery, 6d..--Second Price, Boxes, 2s. Pit, Is. No Second
Price to the Gallery, Doors to be opened at half-past 6.

ROYAL AMPHITHEATRE,
GREAT CHARLOTrE.STREET, LIVERPOOL.

The Second appearance of Signor LE BLANC..

fIpHIS. present TUESDAY EVENING, the 6th of March
-11_ instant, the grand, Drama of
THE CONQUEST OF JERUSALEM,
:In which Mt: Ryan's Stud and Company will appear.
WONDERVU L SCENES IN THE ARENA. •
To conclude. with
.I'HE- FA.TAL WARNING;
•• • -OR, THE DEATH TOKEN ! • ••
Boxes, 3s. ; Pit, 25.; Lower Gallery. Is.; Upper Gallery, 6d.
-43econd Price at lialf-past Eig,ht • Boxes, is. GI.; Pit, Is ;
;Lower Gallen?, -,children flak-price from the commence-
mentto the Boxes- and PiLooly.
The Box7office is open every day not Eleven till Three
o'clock, when Mr, HALE will he in at ndance.
Doors will be opened at Six ,o'clock, and the Performance
begin ,precisely at,Half-past.
Private Boxes may be had Nightly,far Parties, at 21s. and 425.
Instructions in the Art of Riding given. Riding Master, Mr.
CusrinTT. Terms may he known on-application at the Amphi-
theatre.

Propriotor, Mr. BATES,
.Stage Manager, Mr. NEVILLE

SHORT-1-IAgD.

• /VS an EXPERIENCED and PRACTICAL SHORT-
HANDWRITER, mr..-T. C:. FOSTER, REPORTER
'FOR THE LIVSRPOOL STANDARD, has frequently- beeen applied
o, and now offers to give LESSONS in the above Delightful
Art. Of its general and soinet-iities important utility, as a
ready and secure mode of taking Memoranda, copying
letters, &c., there cannot be a doubt; even if it.be not wanted,
As a splendid triumph of art over what ot. • rwise would be an
insurmountable difficulty, to take .v i verbatim Sermons,
Speeches, Trials, &C. as they. are sp. " La SiZnograpie,'
says. Massieu, a L'Abbe Sicard, " comme le cerf ou le
che.val, mais L'ecriture ordinaire comma le been f."
Mr. T. C. FOSTER makes no profession of being able, by
any short process, to make a perfect Short-hand Writer. To
'those anxious
.to learn from him he will give the whole of his
System, *hereby, with the requisite diligence, they may be-
come eqiially Proticients in the art with himself.— Applications to
be made at the Standard Office.

Vie Eiberpool ,Stan Darb.

TUESDAY .MOILVING, MARCH 6, 1838.

The Publication of the STAN DA is D commenced this morn

iug at 5 o'c•loc k

• CONSERVATIVE TRIUMPH. —MAE.YLEBONE ELECTION•
'—Again have we to record the triumph of constitutional
_principles" over
ntlie mischievous doctrinei of radicalism,
..in the instance of the Marylebone election. Again have
Ave to record the humiliating rejection of that "nice
yoUng ..man','!. Master William Ewart, by one of the
,largest constituencies in the kingdom. No More shall
:we heai of his tidiculotts and futile motions in the House
Commons. No more shall we enjoy the luxury of a
laugh at his superlaiiye .fooleries. No more shall the
eports of proceedings in parliament astonish the public,
rvec4-041g 14 -mot i ons for abolishing first-born sons.
Poor William Escarti Rejected of Liverpoolde-
()f Kilkenny—and contemned of Marylebone ! In

reviewing the issue of the zaniest in the last place we
find it difficult. to restrain onr emotions of pity for
this'.discOnsolaie s especially when we reflect that,
in addition. to the umtoprlt'ification of defeat, lie has also the
:mislorttme to Pay all the expenses of the contest.
•. We are justified in looking npon the triumph achieved
n.te person of Lord Teignmouth. as one of the most
which the conservatives have obtained since the
zi•acessiep of the present ministers to office. This victory
has snatched from the hands of the radicals one of the
mOst important of the metropolitan boroughs. In has
latight the conservatives the secret of their strength --a
Secret the value of which .will only be fully appreciated
,:at the. next general election.
It his been too much the policy of the conservative
party to give themselves up to despair of success, with_
Ott any adequate cause. This has been the case in the
'•S'ev,eral metropolitan boroughs. The radicals have so
long Pad if all their own-way, that the conservatives have
..allowoil them to walk the course over on the occasion of
.most of Abe recent contests. The show of resistance
aCtite last general election indicated anything but
a hearty xesotution to rescue the metropolitan boroughs
frOm .the disgrace of ,being represented by the ultra
vadicals. The truth is, that the conservatiies had not
sufficient gon.fide.noe in their numbers and influence to
contest the ground with energy.. This is no longer the
case. Lord Tel deserves the thanks of the country
fur successfully testing the strength of conservatism in
the metropolis. Others of the,boriwgits will, no doubt,
feel equally anxious to rid themselves of their radical
• .incumbrances, on the first opportunity which may,-offer.
:,4t is now no unreasonable expectation for the conserva-
,,;titki-X..,10,;1f, ft/ jilt! return or oire half of .the metrop,O-

Man members, "which would, of itself make a-difference
of sixteen'votes in the House of .Commons

The example of Marylebone will also operate betiefi
cially upon numerous other constituencies throughout

the country. It is our firm conviction, that the conser-
vative strength of the whole country is very considera-
bly greater than the last general election would make it
appear to be. We are persuaded, that most of the un-
recorded votes in different parts of the kingdom are those
of conservatives. We hope that the glorious result of

the contest in Marylebone, will rouse conservatives ge•
nerally from their culpable indifference, and shOW to them,
that the first element of success is a resolute will to
conquer. The enemies of our constitution must be met
in every place where a vacancy takes place hereafter.
The triumph of Lord Teignmouth is rendered the more
important from the circumstance that the whole power
and influence of the government were exercised against
him. In spite of this adverse influence—in spite of pro-
mises and menaces—in spite of trickery of every descrip-
tion—in spite of the strenuous opposition of the parochial
functionaries, he left Ewart in a decided minority :; and
eves if there had been no split among the radicals
the conservatives would have proved triumphant. The
official declaration of the poll was as follows :

Lord Teginmouth
Mr. Ewart
Col. Thompson

From which we find that Lord Teignmouth's majority
over Ew•art was 403, and over Ewart and Thompson
together,
It is perfectly nonsensical to speak of "the division of

the liberal interest" as the cause of Lord Teignmouth's
return. The absurdity of this plea is manifest when Ne
compare the last election with those of 1835 and 1837.
We subjoin the final state of the poll at each of these
periods respectively :

1835.-,-GENERAL ELECTION.
'Whalley (Whig-Radical)
„,Rulwer (Whig-Radicvl) . 2781
Horne (Whig)-
Young (Radical)

Probable number pulled

1837.—GENERAL. ELECTION.
Hall (Whig-Radical)

Whalley (Whig-Radical)

Teiguniouth (Conservative)
Young (Radical)
Horne (Whig)

Probable number polled, nearly 7000
1838.—ONE SEAT VACANT.
Teignmouth (Conservative) . 4166
Ewart (Whig-Radical) 3763
Thompson (Radical) lB6

Nnmber polled

From these comparative statements it appears that at
the last election there were 251 votes polled for Mr.
Ewart over those which, at the previous election, were
polled for Mr. Hall, and 812 votes more than Walley
obtained in 1835. From this it is evident that there has
been no falling off in the strength dee radicals. So far
from it, indeed, that there has been an increase of hun-
dreds. The different result of the last election has,
therefore, been owing to the overwhelming increase of
Lord Teignmouth's voters. The number polled by him
in,18.37 was 2925. Now it is 4106 an increase of 1241
in the space of a few months ! How is this to be ac-
counted for ? Has it been owing to any reaction ? That
cannot be the case, as the radical votes are actually in-
creased. 'The answer has been most appropriately fur
nished by the Standard—it is not owing to reaction:
it is a much better thing—it is new action. On this view
of the case the Standard has the following very forcible
remarks :--

" Our readers will do us the justice to remember that we have
never joined in the boast of re-action—that we have always con-
tended that the country •must look for an awakening of the pub-
lic mind from that torpid state of abeyance into which circum-
stances had cast it, and which was confirmed for a season by the
seeming ascendancy and power that it gave in the first instance
to evil principles. The strength of the whig.radicals, from the
beginning to the end, has been merely fictitious; at the begin-
ning they seemed strong, because the conservatives were sullen,
silent, and inactive; subsequently, they were strong because
they seemed to be so—and noisily made so much of their seem-
ing strength. that they impressed the alarmed conservatives
with a conviction of its reality. A more manly tone,of speaking
.:t.
among their leaders has at length awakeried the conservatives
from their torpor, add each successive experiment has shown
how groundless was their timidity. The glorious result of this
last expel iment in Marylebone is decisive. Let the like means
be employed everywhere, more 'particularly in the metropolitan
boroughs, and the like happy consequences will most certainly
follow. The bringing out of the electors, previously indifferent
and inactive, is the new action of which we speak, and to which
we attach immeasurably more importance than to re action, of
which we believe there has been very little, except among the
intelligent and conscientious class of what is called " the reform,
party"—a small section even when that party was most nume-
rous. We have no doubt, indeed, that Lord Teignmouth's in-
crease of nearly thirteen hundred since last summer was created
by the production at the poll of electors who had not voted before,
and who were on this occasion called into activity by that man-
lier. tone of the conservative leaders in parliament to which we
have referred, and by the judicious exertions of his lordship's

committee.
" it is a proof of the correctness of this view, that the aggre-
gate strength of a-big-radicals has varied very little since July.
At the summer election, Hall and Whalley polled about 3400
each—chiefly whigs and whig-radicals; Young and Horne (who
was put up merely to take off the Radical second votes,) about
700 each; call, then, the aggregate whig,
.whig-radical, and
radical force at the summer election, 4100. At the election
yesterday the whig- radical and 'radical candidates polled between
them 3954—a trifling difference—easily accounted for, by our
being obliged to take averages in the case of the summer elec-
tion, to compare with a precise number in the last election.
Lord Teignmouth's increase of strength of 1241. votes is almost,
if not altogether, exactly commensurate with, the actual number
of additional votes pulled.
"if these considerations rebut the hypothesis of re-action,
they are not less fatal to the excuses for Mr. Ewart's defeat
offered by the Morning Chronicle:—
" It will be argued by the tories no doubt that the return of
I Lord Teignmouth affords a proof of a reaction in favour of the

tories. At the last election he polled 2952, and at the present
he has polled 4166, an increase of 1241'in half a year. 'Tut
on the.face of the thing, too much is here proved. Col. Thomp-
son's address, too, in our advertising columns, affords a confir-
illation of what is confidently affirmed by numerous psrsons well
acquainted with Marylebone, that Murphy's party of ultra-radi-
cals, after the first or second hour, voted for Lora Teigninouth.
It was distinctly affirmed by a leading supporter of Colonel
Thompson that at least 1000ubra-radicals voted for his lordship.
That 200 or 300 reformers who voted at the lastelection might
abstain from voting at this is, we think probable, for it cannot
he concealed that there is a growing disinclination in tradesmen
to expose themselves to sacrifices in the way of business on
account of their votee ; but an estimating this class of voters at
300, we probably rather over than under rate them. The rest of
the 1211 is, no doubt, made up of the ultra.-radicals.''..
•• If so many radicals voted for Lora Teignmouth, how hap-
pens it that the aggregate of whips, and whig-radicals, and radi..
cals, remains undiminished since last summer? If 300 declined
voting, why are they not missing from the aggregate ?".
We sincerely hope to find this species of new action
brought into notice in every part of the United King•
door, and that the conservatives will, generally, emulate
the noble example set by the friends of the constitution
in Marylebone.' Simultaneous efforts of the same cha
raeter.would soon rescue the government of the country
from the hands of the Crim-Connell cabinet. •

RELIGIOUS TOLERATION.—THE REV. H. WNEILE'S
PAMPHLET.—The Merciiry has, at length, brought his
reply to the Rev. H. WNeile's pamphlet to a close.
After occupying about six columns of his valuable jour-
nal in attempting to demolish the arguments advanced
in the pamphlet referred to, the venerable editor leaves
the controversy just as lie found it.. He has, in fact an-
swered no argument, controverted no facts, disproved no
statements brought forward by the Reverend gentleman,
with whoth he ventured to enter the lists. He has proved
nothing but his own utter incompetency to grapple with

the reasons of his antagonist.
Asotir 'readers are aware, the objects of the Rev. H.
111'Neile, in the pamphlet tinder consideration, were, to
set forth the parallel which exists between Slavery and
Popery, and to demonstrate the absurdity and inconsis-
tency of seeking to abolish the former withotit ollering
any resistance to the latter. If it is true that the con-
dition of the Roman Catholics is one of slavery--mental
and physical—it surely becomes the duty of every lovei
of liberty to seek their emancipation. This is precisely
what the Rev. H. NPNeile has been entleaVouring to
effect ; and for doing this the Mercury, instead of invest
" -
him with the title of a benefactor of the highest or-
. Zler, designated hin) as an intolerant bigot and a religi-
