No 54. SE E:STR EET, LIVERPOOL.

. ._.
MONS. LE DRAY & CO.,
ZURGEON DENTIsTs. FROM LoNnorg. •
CONCENTRATED ESSEIVCE
For Instantaneously and Permanently Curing the Toothach by
. . a Single Application.
MONSIEUR LE DRAY AND CO., Surgeon Dentists,
. respectfully inform the inhabitants of Liverpool and its
vicinity, that they have_opened an Establisbment.permanently.
at No. 38, SEEL-STREET, eight 'doors from Berry-street,
Liverpool.
Loss of Teeth supplied, from nue to a complete et, and
fixed without wires or ligatures. The Toothach instant neously
cured, and Decayed Teeth tilled with NI ineral4farmora um, and
made completely sound, without pain, heat, or pressor .
Monsieur LE DRAY AND C0.,-Surgeon-Dentists, be leave to
acquaint the inhabitants of Liverpool and its vicinit hat they
supply Artificial, Mineral, or Natural Teeth, and ca\ 1
tinue to
restore Decayed Teeth with their celebrated Mineral Marmora-
turn, which is placed in the cavities without pain, heat, or
pressure, and instantly hardens into enamel, arresting all fur-
ther progress of decay, converting a stump into a sound Tooth,
and lasting many years. In cases of Toot hach, they are ena-
bled to afford instantaneous relief by a single application of
their Concentrated Essence; and as there is no complaint
More general or more distressing in its nature than Toothach,
the value of this remedy cannot tie sufficiently estimated, when
due consideration is given to the number of Teeth that ate daily
extracted, owing to the very prevalent notion that there is no
other remedy for this painful affection.
Mons. LB DRAY AND Co. continue to supply Artificial and
Natural Teeth, of surpassing beauty, which are fixed from one
to a complete Set, without extracting the roots, or giving any
pain; without wires or ligatures, to match in colour the adjoin-
ing ones, answering all the purposes of
mastication and articu-
lation, remaining perfectly secure in their places, and may be
taken nut and replaced by the wearer with the greatest facility.
ARTIFICIAL OR NATURAL TEETH, of surpassing
beauty, to match, equal in colour and shape to those left in the
mouth, fixed, :Cron] one to a complete Set, without extracting
the roots or.,giving any pain, the incunihrances of wires or
other ligatures, at the following Paris charges:
A single' Artificial Tooth £o 10 0
A complete Set
A complete Set of Natural Teeth on fine
gold plate" • l5 0 0
An entire Set of Natural or 'l'erro Me-
tallic Teeth, highly finished, in the first
-style, with fine gold sockets, usually
charged Forty Guineas
Arranged on the most scientific and improved principles—pro-
tecting the adjoining Teeth--remaining perfectly secure in
their places—and in every case restoring perfect articulation
and mastication.
Loose Teeth fastened, arising either from age, disease or
mercury, arldrfeficiencies of palate effectually remedied.
A ttendance, fritin Nihe till. Seven, and-on Sundaes from Nine
till Two,
No, 38, Seel-street,. Eight Doors from Bury-street, Livospool.

(From our Second Edition of Tuesday last.)
On Tuesday evening one of the-largest dinners which
has been held in Stockport forsome time, wasgiven by the
Operative Conservative Association,at the N ationalSchool
Room, Stockport, in honour of the Conservative member
for the borough, Major-Marsland. The announcement
that Sir Francis Burdett and Sir George Sinclair would
alert(' the dinner, gave it additional interest and ins•
portance. The room appropriated for the dinner is one
admirably adapted for the 'purpose, being large and
lofty, and • having also a very spacious gallery. The
tickets were ss. cach, and it may give some idea of the
interest which the dinner excited, that not a ticket was
to be obtained at any price some hours before the dinner
hour, and upwards of 900 tickets were sold. The room,
which is rather a long and narrow one,' was set out
with the President's table at the centre of one side;
from the President's table there were placed three cross
tables, and each half of the room was laid out with six
long tables. Opposite to the President's table was the
gallerg, in which were stationed about 300 ladies. Thos.
Walmslev, Esq., of Braltain Lodge, occupied the chair;
he was chairman of Major Marsland's election commit-
tee. To the right of the Chairman sat :\lij-r Mirsland,
M.P.; Tatton Egerton, Esq., M.P, for Nardi Cite-
shire, and James Heald, Esq. To the left of the chair-
man sat Sir Francis Burdett, M.P., Charles Wilkins,
Esq., and Captain Hollingworth, of Hollingworth-hall.
Amongst the gentlemen present we observed William
Hindley, Esq., G. T. Knowles, Esq., Joshua Marsland,
Esq., of Manchester, Wm. Marsland, Esq. of Manches-
ter, - Rigby, Esq. of Manchester, - Hope, Esq.
of Manchester, Win. Dean, Esq. of Manchester, Thos.
Dean, Esq., of Manchester, Mr. Leach, Mr. Hey word,
John Turner, Esq., Mr. gallows, Richard Simpson, Esq.,
R. R. Winterbottom, Esq., - Hamilton, Esq., John
Fall, Esq., Captain Jackson, - Moore, Esq., of the
9711), A.- Lingard, Esq., W. C. Cruttenden, Esq., ThOs.
Badeley, Esq., Daniel Kinnersley, Esq., Thomas Cart-
wright, Esq., Wm. Lane, Esq., R. Oxford, Esq., Dr.
Turner, Jesse Howard, Esq.,joel Cohen, Esq., Joseph
Gleave, Esq., and Benjamin Oldfield, Esq., each of Man-
chester.
'Over the head of the Chairman -was placed a small
painting of the Queen's Arms. Opposite to the Chair--
man, and over the Vice-president, was a small temple
surmounted by an elegant crown, very handsomely or-
namented. On each side of this in raised brass letters,
were the inscriptions, " The Three Estates," and
" Church and Queen." At each end of the room was a
large blue cloth, bearing the inscription, in gilt letters,
" The Stockport Operative Conservative Association,"
and surmounted with the inscriptiOn " 393 plumpers,"
being the number given at the election for-Major Mars-
land, The room was tastefully hung with evergreens,
and with blue and white silk, and was also ornamented
with two pictures of the Duke of Wellington and George
the Third, belonging to the celebrated Wellington Club
of Stockport.-
The Vice-presidents were Jas. Bradshaw, John Scott,
and Henry Kirk, Esqrs. Immediately before the dinner
was uncovered, the entrances of Sir Francis Burdett and
Major Marsland, M.P., and afterwards of C. Wilkins,
Esq., were greeted with the greatest enthusiasm. Sir
George Sinclair, who was expected to attend, did not ar-
rive. The Rev. Mr. Nolan then said grace, and the
busy clatter of knives and forks commenced. After the
cloth was removed, "Non nobis Domine" was sung by
an excellent company of glee singers. The entrance of
Mrs. Marsland was here loudly cheered.
, The usual preliminaries being gone through,
The CHAIRMAN rose to propose the first toast amid loud
cheering. He said, he believed that no other chairman was
ever so honoured at a public meeting by the presence of so
many ladies as he saw around him on that occasion —(Hear,
hear, and loud cheers.) It was an assurance that their
cause was good which received such support. It was gratifying
when mothers and sisters came forward in defence of their
holy religion which had proved so great a blessing, and yet had
been so much vilified. In every respect the} had a right to
come forward. He was no advocate for ladies becoming poli-
ticians, but it was the duty of every christian to do the utmost
in his power to stein the torrent of that infidel power Which
had been gaining ground among them, and which was calculat-
ed to blast the best principles of mankind.—(Hear.) He be-
lieved that they were now about to experience the dawn of
brighter days, and that the precepts of our holy religion would
be handed down from the parents of the present age to their
children and children's children in future generations. After
a few excellent observations, the chairman gave the first toast,
viz., " Our most gracious Majesty the Queen, and may she long
reign over a happy people, and may her advisers be those who
have the good of their country and the well-being of society at
heart."—(Loud cheers.:

The natitmaCanihetn'was sung, in the chorus of which the
ladles joined.

Her-Majesty the Queen Dowager was the next toast, Which
was received with similar honours to the last toast.
The CHAIRMAN then said, that if there was any toast which
they held more dear than another, it must he the one he was
about to give. It was. " Our glorious Constitution in Church
and State."—( Loud sheet ing.)
The next toast was "The Bishop and Clergy of the diocese,"
which the CHAIRMAN prefaced by a high compliment to le
bishop and the lector of Stockport. (The toast was loudly
cheered.)

The Rey. Mr. Nor-AN rose to respond, to the toast he said
that the numerous and influential meeting hy whtcf he was
the❑ surrounded, would understand the diffidence he must
necessarily feel when called upon for the task of retutniug
thanks for the toast they had honoured by their notice. Had
their respected rector been present lie would adequately have
responded to the sentiments expressed by the meeting; but
however unequal he (Mr. Nolan) might feel himself to echo
the rector's sentiments, he was sincerely grateful to them. As
he had alluded to the rector's absence, he might say with
truth that the meeting generally sympathised in the cause of
that absence, it being a domestic bereavement. The rector's
exalted character and consistent course of life were well known.
—The attention which be paid to the duties of that holy pro-
fession to which he had the honour to be a servant, he was
sure was duly appreciated; but still he was not free from the
breath of calumny. Inasmuch, however, that the sweetest fruits
the birds pecked at, it was unnecessary for him to enter into a
vindication of his character, as he was sure there was no res-
ponsive feeling to the aspersions cast upon him. (Cheers.)
Being himself (Mr. Nolan) not immediately in connection
with the worthy rector, he could, without the suspicion of in-
fluenced feelings, pay a just tribute to his merits. With re-
gard to the bishop, he was equally appreciated. He (Mr. Nolan)
was proud when he heard the sentiments expressed by
.the
chairman towards that christian church to which they were all
so devotedly attached; and his heart leaped for joy to find a
kindred response in the hearts of those present, front the appro.
bation those sentiments had elicited. ( Hear.) The church of
England was the great breakwater against which the floods of
infidelity and radicalism were continually beating. He was
one of those humble servants of the gospel, who, although dif-
fering in many respects from other sects of christians, would n
discard from the bosom of the church those who might so dif-
fer. The pure spirit of the Catholic Church of England was
that of toleration. Let, however, there be, as there was, such
defenders of the church, equally determined to support its doc-
trines as the worthy chairman and those around him, popery
and infidelity could make no progress. After a few further
remarks, the rev. gentleman concluded by thanking them for
the honor conferred upon the bishop and clergy of the dio-
cese, and for the enthusiastic manner in which it had been
received.

Mr. WlLLiam FARRINGTON, Chairman of the Operative
Conservative Association, rose to propose the next toast. It
was the health of Major Marsland, their excellent representa-
tive. He said, that new year's day had been selected to do
honour to that gentleman, as, being a holiday, more of his
constituents could conveniently attend. They all knew that the
Major had an opponent at the List election, who, if he did not
resort to illegal tneasures, to gain his point, did most decidedly
to unseemly ones. (Cheers.) His party collected together the
operatives of all sorts of the lowest grades, and then took a show
of hands as to who was the most tit person to represent the bo-
rough in parliament. Boys, women, and girls were all electors
on this occasion. When, however, it came to the poll, they
found their mistake out. The same system pursued before the
election made Mr. Cobden sure of-his return, by a majority
of 630. (Laughter.) The conservatives made no boast, but
they worked, which was much better, and the result hail been
the return of their honourable guest. It was Major Marsland
who had stood up as the defender of the operatives' rights, and
so secure was he of his seat io parliament, that all the Cobdens
in the world could not remove hint during his lifetime. The
speaker then went on to allude to the system of exclusive deal-
ing and intimidation which had been so extensively resorted to
at the election by the whigs agatnst all those vilio voted for
Major Marsland. This was a specimen of the liberality of the
liberals, which consisted in knocking out a man's brains or
firs-libuse-down. It had been said by this party that
all who voted for the Major were either fools or knaves, and if
they split their votes between the two they were downright vil-
lains. (Cheers.) It appeared that there were a good many of
this class of persons, seeing that 393 'dumpers voted for him.
He concluded by giving "the health of their distinguished
guest and staunch conservative member, Major Marsland. with
thanks to him for his past services and his late noble struggle
for the independence of the borough." (Loud cheers.) ,
Major NIA tISLAND •then rosa, and was received with tumult-
uous applause. He said he was almost over-powered by the
reception he hail that day met with at that magnificent display
of conservatism in his native town. (Applause.) And it was
more gra titying to hint, because it prevailed from a class of
men—because it was the independent and honest effusion of a
class of persons the least prepared to make such a sacrifice.
(Hear.) He was quite glad that his honourable friend the
noble baronet (applause) was there, to have an opportunity to
witness and bear testimony that there was in that great manu-
facturing town, a body of men amongst the labouring commu-
nity, not only ready but determined to maintain the monarchy,
the constitution, and the religion of this land. (Great cheer.
ing.) He then begged to thank them for the honour they had
done him by that invitation, and also for the manner it) which
they had received the last toast ; he was sure that the president
of that association had proposed it in terms far beyond his
merits. He had always said,.and he said then, that his endea-
vours were inadequate to the situation in which the conset VA-
tive constituency of that borough had thought proper to place him
but at the time of the passing of the reform bill, when the con-
stituency of that borough had the privilege given to them
to send membeis to parliament, he found that he hail a
duty to perform—it was a ditty which must fall upon some man
of conservative principles. and at that time he saw no Man pre-
pared to come forward and though he was not a vain man, at
least not vain enough to think that he was a proper man, yet he
hoped that so far as he had ability Lie had beet) found an un-
flinching, an eneornprenaising supporter of the great conserva-
tive cause. (Great applause ) Whether he could satisfy him-
self that he was a proper person was not for him to say, but
when he looked upon the manifestation of feeling that day in
his favour, as an approval of his conduct, he could assure fbein•
there was no danger of any diminution of his zeal. (Applause.)
Permit him t" 5;tY, that if his conduct had been safisfactoi y to
them and they thenght him a proper representative, he would
ever be opposed to the socinian, papist, and other enemies of
their church and of their unrivalled constitution. (Applause.)
He.bad intended to speak on some of the great political ques
lions of the day, but as they deubtless 'were anxious fo hear his
worthy friend, the honourable baronet, be would mot waste their'

time by any such remarks. The houlurable gentieMan resumed
his seat amid great cheerino.-
The CdaiumAN then briefly proposed the health of Sir
Francis Burdett and the electorS of North Wiltshire, and took
occasion in the name of the ladies present, and that great as-
sembly, to thank him for attending there that day. • The toast
wag received with vociferous cheering.
Sir Fnatsrcts BvttnETT. who was most enthusiastically cheer-
ed on his rising, said, that if any man needed aught to animate
and cheer, and even to flatter hint, in his devotion to the insti-
tutions of his country.—to incite him, while he male it his end
and aim to maintain the freedom anti happiness of the people,
.-to defend the church as established by law, and our glorious
constitution of which it Was the adjunct,—if aught were needed
to auimate the man who was a devoted supporter of these glori-
ons institutions, as-he'(Sir F. Burdett) was himself, in the de-
termination to stand or fall with them,—it was the exhibition.
which he then beheld before anti around him, of public spirit.
and the kind manner in, which they had done him the honour
to invite, and the cordial and animating way in which they had
received him there that day. It was also animating, even to the
humblest, and deeply gratifying to himself, that that invitation
should come from that indultrious portion of the people of Eng-
land.which was the foundation of all that was great in this coun-
try. This was to him more it matter of satisfaction and pride,
than if he there saw a combination of all the great men in the
.• nation, whose greatest dependence was on the people them-
selves.—(Cheers.) It was to him an animating sight to see in
that room, persons of all ranks, degrees, and conditionS, coales-
cing together in the same glorious cause, and assembling in a
state of society and practical freedom, which was never exhibit-
ed in other nations, and which did net now exist in any other
country on the face of the earth. While they so united the
sound sense of the people of England, they set at nought and
branded with shame those shallow pretenders •to patriotism—
' those impudent sham patriots and lying impostors who would
impose upon the people of the United Kingdom.—(Renewed
cheers.) They were happy in living in a state of society which
the experience of hundreds and hundreds of years had phved
to be exactly the tesult which that meeting exhibited to an ad-
miring world, but which, down to the moment in which he was
addressing them, did not exist in army other country or state.—
( Hear, hear.) It was not a great while since they had a person
travelling through their town for the purpose of attempting to
delude the minds of the people in that place,—a patriot," as
he was called, from Ireland,—a paid patriot,—he meant Mr.
Daniel O'Connell.—(Cheers and laughter.) Dean Swift had
said, that every thing that was done in Ireland was different
from what was done in every other part of the world; and in
his (Sir F. Burdett's) opinion, there was something in what
was done in Ireland that was not only different, but also repug-
nant to the understanding, and as different from what was %bine
elsewhere as light was to darkness. He always thought' that
the presence of the one necessarily implied the absence of the
other; but it was not so in Ireland; there light and darkness
were the same thin„—(laughter)—there the crown of martyr-
dom could he worn' without its thornsthere it was that the
great patriot, who was supposed to he making the largest sacri-
fices that he might serve the public io that country, never for-
got the rule or honest lago, his prototype—
" Thus do I ever make my fool my purse."
—(Cheers.) If he (Sir F. B.) were in the ministry, he would no
more permit anything like an O'Connell rent to be be raised by
pence from the starving people, than their forefathers permitted
the collection of Peter's pence for the pope. ( Laughter.) Such a
rent did not come as a voluntary contribution from Englishinerl,
but %yes wrung Lv force and compulsion from poor wretches
under. the intimidation practised on them by the priests, from
whom they dared not withhold it, although at the ver) time they
gave it, they hail not a potato to put into their months. That
rent was collected under such dreadful influence—an influence
which he would charaeterize as a sacrilegious perversion of the
priestly office—over the ignorant, and bigoted, and superstitious
people of Ireland—that what should be the altar of peace be-
came the altar of treason, and that rent could he called nothing
else than a fund for the support and encouragement of treason
in that country. (Cheers.) Though the government, some
years ago, when negro slavery was more under consideration'
than at present, had. deemed it worth their while to put down a
species ef superstition which prevailed in our West India colo-
rizes, known as obeism; yet this system had been allowed to
spread in Ireland, and government had permitted the priests in
that country to practise a system of greater plunder and extor-
tion from the wretched and enslaved people. oil that country.
(" Hear,"'. and cheers.) The first thing which he would (10, if
he had the power, would be to emancipate those oppressed pro-
ple from that galling yoke, to knock those shackles from off
their feet, and to give them. freedom. But in that country cer-
tain
men, headed. by the priests, whose influence must he ad-
mitted to be great, when it was recollected that even the great
demagogue himself was wont to fall down on his knees before
those priests—doubtless to edify, by his example, his pious and
enlightened countrymen—(laughter)—these men, headed by
the priests, misled and deceived the people of Ireland. What
was, the position of this country ? It seemed to him, that, at
present, we were in a most extraordinary situation. We have
an administration possessing none of the confidence of the pet). I
pie, and having no foundation in the confidence of any part of
the, country,—a ministry which, by some strange means or other,
exhibits, at limes, the most singular amalgamation of parties and
opinions, with an inconsistency of principle of the most extraor-
dinary description, and an union of characters of all kinds and
grades; amongst whom were the popish representatives; who
acted under O'Connell, and were every where known as his
"tail," with others of a like description ; of whom it might be
said, as had: been said by the poet, of sin, that it was iadee
possessed of

" Many a scaly fold,
Voluminous and vast, a serpent arm'd •- -'•
With many a mortal sting."
',Cheers.) But it was impossible for this administration to last
ong, In England the decision was made—was complete: as
was clearly shown by the want of confidence manifested every
where in the present administration. The persons by whom
they were supported—tut whom they stooped to receive-summit
—were individuals wjio had, no confidence whatever in them;,
who not only gave them no credit fur integrity or'ability; baren-
tertained a thorough and perfect contempt for their imbecility.
Yet these individuals were themselves the interested dopes of
such a set of persons, acting, as they did, under the influence
of Daniel O'Connell,—the man who, in the [louse of Com-
mons, supported ministers, voted against that great and distin-
guished patriot, Wakley and others of that description and
vet, within twenty-four hours afterwards, dined at' White
Conduit House, and there denounced the Whigs as the most
base and degraded set of people on the face of the earth. (Vo-
cireo,us cheering.) Yet again he came oa,de ipeo the house-1
for he was me, and, versatile in changes than Protens
himself—and supported that same ministry ; and that ministry
accepted his support, to enable (bent to carry their measures;
as, from their internal weakness, they were incapable of them.
selves of carrying one measure, or even of framing a measure,
that would operate in any way beneficially fo the country ; 'for
they had not passed one measure that had not grievously
failed in operation, even after coming out of the House of Com-
mons, and being improved in the House of Lords,—as the
peers, when they found they could pass a measure without
possibility of risk to the institutions of the county, they reluc-
tantly assented, and lent a helping hand to make ntore per.
feet that Which was already incapable of being put 'in practical
operation. But let those present look to their measures, and
tell him—for he wanted to know—if-any one of them had suc-
ceeded. Their measures, affecting slavery in our West Indian
colonies, for which the people of this country, to their immor-
tal honor, had with hand and voice concurred to raise the mon-
strous • compensation—he must call it—of twenty millions of
money for a purpose towards which this measure had been so
little. effective that even now there was again raised the same
cry about slavery, and meetings were held in various parts of
the country, from which it was clear, that iii point of fact,
though this country had paid the price, it had not obtained the
end in view. Let us look at any other of the tneasures of this
government; we should find that they were mere experiments,
but very dangerous ones, made with the greatest rashness and
presumption. It would seem, too, that they had taken up so
many at the same time that they had not been able to perfect
any one of them. Even their Pleasures relating to the trade,
commerce, and possession of our Last Indian territories, we at
present knew not how it would operate; but we had no reason
to suppose, that it would be less dangerous to our possessions
in that part of the world, than others were likely
to prove in
other quarters. (Hear.) Again, if they looked at home, there
were various attempts to reform the laws,'—a matter which cer-
tainly ought to be the first object to which attention should be
directed, and a question above all others, deserving great
estimation and the deepest attention ; but what he wanted to
see was, men who could do their own work ; he wished to see
effected some measure, which in its consequences should be
found to operate advantageously to all. (Cheers.) Again, he
would ask them to look at what the government had done in
the chinch; and he would ask who was benefitted by that un-
settling of every thing, by those alterations which were not
only uncalled fur, but were directly adverse and
injurious to
the interests and purposes of those 'whom they, were intended
to benefit ? Again, there was another great question, with
respect to which the government measure had not been able
to accomplish a great deal of benefit. They would understand,
that he spoke of a measure which had called attention
everywhere to it, by the feeling which it had excited, and
which' had been manifested against it,—he alluded to the
new Poor-law Amendment act. What had it done ? Why
nothing, except that it had caused universal discontent and
dissensions. (Hear, hear.) .Let them go to any other measure
of the present government, and he would venture to say,
that -there was not one that had not, produced consequences
foreign to its intention, but had fallen very
,far shwa of being
any improvement;—!here was but one, so far as he knew, that
had not produced temporary, if not irreparable mischief. He
could tell them that that administration would not long be sup-
ported, as was clear from the fact that nearly all the men of
great ability in the country were opposed to it. We had in
this country men of ability and of practical experience, men
capable of executing the duties which ought to be executed by
the present imbecile ministry`; but ministers„ by the projects
they entertained,-and their adherence to office, deprived the..
country of the beneficial exercise of those talents of which he
had spoken, and would not relax their hold of power till their
body crumbled and fell to pieces from the very weakness of that
party to which the government of this country was intrusted.
Without caring much about the present administration.i'except
that he wished to see greater talent and integrity brought into'
the public service, he must observe, that we were at present in
such a state that no ministry dared make any encroachment on
the liberty of the subject, on the law, or the constitution. At
present we were safe from every thing except their incapacity
and imbecility, which nothing could withstand. England had
stood against the combined world—not only against Frunce, a
great, powerful, and enlightened- nation, but all Europe com-
bined .with France, directed, he supposed, by the greatest
genius of the flay almost—Napoleon Buonaparte : but Provi-
dence raised up for ns a genius greater still, who stood forward
in the defence of the liberties of his country—he scarcely need
mention the name of Wellington. (Great cheering.) When
he mentioned that name, he was perfectly satisfied that he men-
tioned the greatest uian that this or any- other country, in this
or any age-or time, produced. (Applause.) No general ever
posSessed such great moral qualities, attended with such scru-
pulous honesty and integrity such a total absence of all self ;
and, when they saw such devotion to the count, v—sueh an
absence of all ambition and vanity, and personal consideration of
any description, it surprised hint the more to see such ability
too 00 every occasion; nothing
surprised him so much as that
singleness of purpose, and honest integrity of mind, which shone
so conspicuously through the whole of his long successful and
glorious career. ff;
• - rea• applause.) He would venture to take
the operatives that had himouired him with their invitation that-
day as a sample of the operatives throughout this great empire; •
and he would take leave to address a few words to them, be-
canse, having invitations to meet others, who were in no way
inferior to them in true British feeling and understanding, and
who might not, from the season of the year, find it possible to
render him so great a gratification as he haul in meeting them,
by expressing his high regard and estimation in which he held
titern, and assuring that he should never hesitate, disregarding
all rrsonal considerations, to give them his beat support and
esistance. and also the constitution and institutions of the
countiy.- (Applause.) As had been Said by their respected
chairman, be thought the dawn was approaching and daylight'
breaking through the thick cloud, %stitch from time to time had
baffled their sight, or deceived, by its lurid glare, a great por-
tion of the people; that, he trusted, was now passing away ; and
that, even in lreland,'the scales would fall from the eves of the
veriple, and that even ministers themselves, and that portentous
bubble, Daniel O'Connell, mightburst, and fall like Dagen and
