COPIES OF THE CORRESPONDENCE.

To His Excellency Lieutenant-General Sir John Keane,
G.C.B. and G.C.H., Commander-in-Chief, Army of the In-
dus :—Sir,---The officers of the Bombay column of the ar►ny
of the Indus who were present at the capture of Ghuznee,
having obtained possession of the sword of the governor,
Prince Hyde'. Khan, have requested me to solicit your Ex-
cellency's acceptance of testhnoffy.ef their personal re
gard and esteem.
I avail myself of this opportunity thus afforded me to ex-
press the great satisfaction and pride I feel, in having been
selected by my brother officers as the channel of conveying to
your Excellency their sentiments, in which I so deeply
participate. _ _

I have the honour to be,
Your Excellency's most obedient,
T. AV ILLSHIRE, Major-General,
Commanding Bombay Column Army of the Indus.
Sukhur, Feb. I, 1810.

TO MAJOR-GENERAL WILLSIIIRE, AND THE OFFICERS DE-
PUTED TO PRESENT SIR J. KEANE THE GHUZNEE
SWORD.
Gentlemen,—l beg you will believe that I receive this
sword as a testimonial, the most flattering and agreeable to
my soldier's pride that could have been presented to me.
I shall ever value and hold it as a marked pledge of your
friendly feelings towards me, and of the confidence you have
reposed in me as comrades whom I had the honour to lead
from Bombay to Cabool, through a country little known,
and inhabited by uncivilised, but warlike people. Throughout
this arduous service, I was often cheered by the zealous and
spirited assistance I received from you, and those under your
orders, and that hearty co-operation and gallant bearing, I
unhesitatingly say, led to the accomplishment of our trium-
phant success, which has gained for me the high honour now
conferred on me by my Sovereign, and assures me that as a
soldier, I ant well thought of by my superiors and fellow
countrymen.
To such distinctions my ambition always aspired, but I
could not have expected to have realisit our Atighanistan,
and should not, in all probability, tiut for.y able and cor-
dial assistance.
It will be painful to separate from such companions, but it
will be a pleasing reflection ill the evening ofmy life, to feel
that I have finished my military career as an humble servant
of the hon. company, its commander-in-chief of the Bombay
army, and that the distinguished position I have been so for-
tunate Bombayeodiy
regard
and esteem, I remain,
your mos General.
t faithful General, J. KEANE.
Sukhur, Feb. 1.
Witht to attain,
of as

DEATH OF SIR RICHARD PHILLIPS.—We have to an-
nounce the demise of this venerable knight, which took piece
on Thursday last at Brighton, after a long illness, in his 73d
year. Sir Richard was collata•ally related to the late Lord
Milford, and served the office of sheriff of London in 1808-9.
He was known in the literary world as the projector, editor,
and proprietor of the Monthly Magazine, and the author of
various books connected with an improved system of educa-
tion.—Morning Herald.

It has been attempted to cloak the proposition under the
subterfuge that free grown sugars alone will be admitted at
an equalised rate of duty. We are not charitable enough to
give the advocates of the measure the excuse of ignorance,
that the produce of slave labour would yearly find its way,
to an enormous amount, into free adjoining colonies ; and
what would be easier than to ship the thus smuggled produce
for England, cleared as free labour sugar? There are no
regulations which human ingenuity could invent, however
severe and however honestly executed, which could suppress
a tithe of the contraband traffic which would spring up on the
passing of an equalising measure, and unhappily we are all
well aware that foreign officers are but too easy of corruption
to suppose, that they would vigilantly carry into effect any
such regulations, laying aside the feeling which must influ-
ence them, that the larger the amount thus smuggled, the
greater the gain to their particular country, at the expense
of Great Britain and her colonies. As it is, do these colt):
nies not suffer enough by the loss of the sugar market of
the North American provinces, supplied as these provinces
almost entirely are by foreign slave colonies, while we are
compelled to receive their lumber, fish, &c., paying them for
these in money, with which they actually proceed to Cuba,
and Porto Rico for their supplies of sugar and coffee; yet we
venture to say not one-half of the bulk of the people of the
mother country are aware of the fact of the existence of such
a traffick. Here are we obliged to take the produce of the
North American provinces of England, while better and
cheaper articles from the United States are heavily taxed ;
but scarcely one hogshead of our sugar finds its way back in
payment, simply because the foreign slave grocer can under-
sell us, and the duty enforced in British America is not such
as to prohibit the traffic. Protected thus at our expense and
giving a direct stimulus to slavery and the slave trade, Bri-
tish America does not import by upwards of £3,000,000
sterling of the amount of English manufactures annually
consumed by the British West Indian Colonies.
Are the other colodies of Britain so oppressed as the
western dependencies? Do we find the duties on the wools
of Australia and Saxony equaliked ? No ; yet Saxony wool
is the produce of free labour. Is the timber of Canada and
that of the Baltic, admitted on the same terms ? No; the
timber of the former is far inferior, and dearer, yet the peo-
ple of England are called upon to pay an extra dnty for this
inferior article, in order that the Canadas may receive the
protecting care due by a mother country to her colonies.
Are not the West India colonists further compelled to re-
ceive the produce of the North American provinces, by a
prohibitory duty on similar articles from foreign states ; but
if the West India colonies have any encouragement extended
to them, a hue and cry of " monopoly" and " injustice"
is raised by parties interested in their ruin—individuals,
who, though Englishmen, may have large capital embarked
in foreign slave countries.

If th"e government of England therefore be induced to
sanction a measure so utterly ruinous to us, either from pre-
judice or the fear of the powerful party who may he ex-
pected to support the measure as most conducive to their in-
terests, we shall in a very few years witness a similar state
in England, as now exists in British America, with regard to
our produce. If cheap sugar is wanted, let the duties now
exacted'on that grown by British colonists-245. per cwt.—
be reduced one half ; and if .former experience can he re-
lied on, the increased consumption would soon throw into
the treasury a larger amount of revenue than is now realized
from this source. .The planter would be enabled to increase
the wages of his labours, the extent of the cultivation of his
property would be doubled, and consumers and manufac-
tures would thus be gainers. Did not an enormous increase
follow the reduction. of the duty on coffee ?—has not the con-
sumption of East India sugar been more than doubled within
the short space since the duties were equalized with West In-
dia, sugar? Reduce, we repeat, the duties of West India
sugars to 12s. or 155., protect these colonies by giving them
a monopoly of the British markets, encourage emigration,
and we shall soon hear no more of the high price of sugar at
home.

t will be seen by the extracts which we give this evening
that our neighbours of Trinidad have not been idle in this
!natter. Petitions have been adopted to her Majesty, and
the two Houses of Parliament.

At a meeting held in this town on Monday last, a similar
course was agreed upon, and p. reference to our advertising
columns will place the public in possession of a copy of the
petitions which it is proposed to transmit from the colony of
Grenada. This document will, we cannot doubt, be both
respectably and numerously signed since the threatened evil
must affect all classes.

Let the united West India Colonies, as if with one voice,
forward their remonstrances against the contemplated in-
justice, and surely the people of England are not yet so far
gone in prejudice against us, as to refuse to lend a favourable
ear to our appeal.

We trust that in our next we shall be able to lay before
our readers some account of the mariner in which the recently
arrived Maltese are progressing. They are, it is said, an
active, docile, and hard-working set of labourers, and pleased
with the country.

CHESTER AND CREWE RAILWAY.—We understand that
on Friday last an accident occurred on the new tunnel under
the canal, at Christleton, in consequence of a leakage in the
puddle, which interrupted the traffic on the line of canal for
a few hours. We are happy to be enabled to state that the
damage is inconsiderable, and no delay in the progress of thu
works will arise from the occurrence.
EXTRAORDINARY OCCURRENCE IN A WESLEYAN CHA-
PEL.—On Sunday evening last, the Wesleyan Methodist
Chapel in this town, became the scene of one of the most
extraordinary occurrences ever witnessed in any place of
worship. Divine service had proceeded as usual, until the
preacher, the Rev. Robt. Hays, had given out the passage of
scripture chosen for the discourse, when a strong and mus-
cular female, who sat in the body of the chapel, rose from
her seat, and, with " deliberate step and firm," ascended the
pulpit stairs, entered the pulpit, seized the preacher round
the arms and waist, and, in a magical manner, turned him
down stairs, at the same time exclaiming, " Now I'm satis-
fied !"--" The Messiah is come !" The effect produced upon
the congregation was truly electrical—females fainting, gen-
tlemen laughing, many running out of the chapel without
their hat's, and all in the highest state of excitement. The

female preacher commenced an exhortation amidst an uproar
and confusion which almost rendered her expressions inau-
dible, and which it would be impossible to describe. The
expressions, -0 Youare all sinners"—" The Messiah income"
—" The abomination that maketh desolate"—" The woman
in the wilderness"—" The drunkards in Ephraim"—and
others similarly incoherent, were those which seemed to
occupy her mind. After the sensation had
,partially sub-
sided, a number of men ascended the pulpit stairs, for the
purpose of expelling this intruder ; but this proved a more
difficult task than they contemplated, for she defended her-
self in gallant style; and it was not till after a considerable
struggle had taken place that she consented to forego her
claim to the pulpit, which, she stoutlyt maintained, was built
for her use, and not for the reverend gentleman. Having,
however, been expelled by phisical force, she contented her-
self by exclaiming, " Glory to God !" and was put out of
doors, where she continued to ejaculate this and similar ex-
pressions. Order having again been restored, the reverend
gentleman ascended the pulpit, and proceeded with his dis-
course: We have since heard that the unfortnnate woman

las been sent to CaSileliaen.—Mona's Herald, Douglas,
sle of Man.

MURDER OF Two MISSIONARIES.---The subjoined ex-
tract of a letter said' to have been received from Sydney,
stating that Messes. Williams and Harris, both missionaries
of the London Missionary Society, had been murdered on
one of the South Sea Islands, if true, will produce among the
churches of our native country but one feeling of lamenta-
tion :—" Mr. 'Williams intended touching at the New He-
brides and New Caledonia, to endeavour to introduce the
gospel -among the people by means of native teachers.
On one of the New Hebrides, named Tanna, they were
more favourably received, and succeeded in settling a
teacher there. The next island they went to was Enno-
mongs, where a Mr. S. Henry went for sandalwood a few
years ago and destroyed a number of the natives, which
had filled their hearts with hatred to all white men, and a
determination to be revenged. Mr. Williams, it 'seems,
was not aware of this circumstance, and went on shore,
as to other islands, accompanied by Mr. Harris, Captain
Morgan, and a Mr. Cunningham. The natives did not ap-
pear very friendly ; so they decided on not leaving teachers
with them at that time, but to leave them on some of the
islands near. Mr. Harris was a little further inland than
the rest, when they were alarmed by hearing the war yell.
They looked around and saw Mr. Harris running towards
the beach, followed by a number of natives armed with clubs
and spears. "They saw poor Mr. Harris fall, murdered be-
fore their eyes. The rest ran for their lives to the boat.
The captain and Mr. Cunningham gained it and escaped, but
Mr. WilliaMs stood for a moment to look for Mr. Harris,
when he was overtaken and murdered in the water. From
the vessel they saw his body dragged upon the beach and
stripped, and the natives dressed in his Vlothes. Mrs. Wil-
liams is still unacquainted with her loss, as the Camden set
sail immediately for this port, after an unsuccessful attempt
to rescue the bodies."—Madras Courier, Feb. 13.

VESSELS ENTERED FOR LOADING.

(SINCE OUR LAST PUBLICATION.)

EAST INDIES, CAPE OF GOOD HOPE, &c.

Thomas Sparks, J Sparks, 497 Calcutta, Cotesworth & Wynne
Corinna, 11 Wilmot, 324 Cape of Good Hope, Bold & Starkey
Devon, J Gething, 400 Sincapore, W & J Tyrer

AFRICA.

Wm. Rathbone, C Calvert, 326 Africa, Agett & Hemingway
Warwick, J Casement, 2Y7 Sierra Leone, J Dawson
WEST INDIES AND MADEIRA.

Sarah Birkett, R M Atkin, 202 Kingston, Jamaica, W Rose &Co
SOUTH AMERICA.

Lima, E Newby, 179 Brazils, Hadfield, Braga &Co
Reliance, J It Dunley, 179 Ceara, Hadfield, Braga & Co
Apollo, Hayedorew, 198 Porto Rico, Focke & Boult
UNITED STATES.

Sidney, R Cowen, 519 New Orleans, W Quayle
Turbo, J Beauchamp, 281 New York, Isaac, J.ow & Co
Garrick, A S Palmer, 1004 New York, Brown, Shipley & Co
Citizen, A Hatch; 459 New York and New Orleans, T Dixon &Co
Augusta, T A Snow, 422 New Orleans, Baring Brs &Co
Caledonia, W Massicot, 561 New Orleans, R L Dawson & Co
Lucy, Murphy, 396 Mobile, Galt, Barff & Co
Congress, C Adams, 370 Mobile, Bolton,:Ogden & Co
