ST. GEORGE'S HALL.

The discussions, both in and out of council, relative to the
St. George's Hall. seem to have excited very general atten-
tion. Some persons declare that the period fixed by the com-
mittee for receiving architectural designs is too short. Others
are anxious that this much talked-of structure should be
proceeded with, and think the period long enough, especially
as many facilities have been afforded by the committee to
those artists who intend to compete, which are rarely or ever
furnished in the metropolis. Not feeling quite competent to
express any opinion on this head, we are satisfied to leave
the matter in the hands of the committee, being satisfied that
the gentlemen who have devoted so much time and attention
to the subject, are quite able to form a correct judgment,
and will select a design that will be a credit to the town.
'After the inhabitants have subscribed so munificent a sum as
£25,000 for carrying this desirable object into effect, it does
seem pitiful in the Town-council making so many objections
as they have done; and retarding, rather than facilitating,
the whole. We think the subscribers would have acted more
wisely had they purchased a piece of- land in a convenient
situation, such as the piece in Hardman-street, opposite St.
Philip's Church, for instance, and erected their building
without being dependent on the Town Council at all.
It would have prevented the pitiful discussions, and the
unseemly remarks that have been made in the council chamber
by men who have done little or nothing themselves to further
the object, and the subscribers would have been masters of
their own property, and could have managed it as they pleased.
Our present object, however, is not so much to endeavour to
alter the site of the building or to unsettle the arrangements
already entered into with the council, because we are of
opinion that the majority of that body ill cordially join with
the subscribers and the few snarlers wEose pugnacity causes
them to bark, because they have no power to bite, will be
left in a minority : but it is to lay before the public the re-
Port of the committee appointed to consider the subject of
architectural competition, which report was made to the
Royal Institute of British Architects on the 24th January
last. It is a striking and important document and deserves
the serious attention of all our public bodies. Competition
is a popular phrase at present, and we shall not make any re-
marks of our own to detract from its popularity : but the
following report having been placed in our hands by some ar-
chitects of eminence, with a desire that we would read it,
and having done so, we find it teems with such important
matter and places the subject of architectural competition in
such a new light, that we shall give half of it in our present,
and the remaining half in our next publication.
" REPORT, &c.
.

" The Committee appointed on 'the 9th October, 1838, to
consider the subject of Public Competitions for Architectural
Designs, beg leave to report,
" That they have held several meetings, in which they have
inquired into the history or past experience of competitions
in general, and that they have obtained much interesting and
important information on a great number of particular cases,
fully justifying and confirming the impressions, which origi-
nally gave rise to the present inquiry. Your Committee are
deeply impressed with a sense of the great and manifold evils
arising from the defective system upon which competitions
have been hitherto conducted, not only as regards the parties
immediately concerned in them, but also the general interests
of the public and the reputation of the profession at large ;
since it is abundantly proved, that men of eminence are de-
terred from entering into competitions under a system, which
experience has taught them involves inherent principles of in-
justice. _ _ _

" The grounds, upon which this conclusion is founded, are
for the most part sufficiently obvious. The public voice has
repeatedly denounced the evils resulting from competitions
unfairly or inconsiderately conducted, and it appears to your
Committee that some endeavour at least to remedy them is
required for the interest both of the public and the profession.
' As to the policy of competitions -in general or the com-
parative advantages of open or select competitions, your Com-
mittee do not feel called upon to give an opinion. They con-
ceive their duty to be limited to the investigation of the
system as it exists. They avoid the consideration of any
evils, but those they consider inherent in it. They suggest
no remedies for these evils, but such as they think the public
will feel it to be their interest to adopt. They insist upon
none, but those which it lies within the power of the members
of the profession to apply • and they think it not too much
to expect from the Royal institution of British Architects, an
association founded and incorporated with the express object
among others of promoting the interests of Architecture,
that they should interfere to the point of adopting and con-
firming their opinions thus far.
" Without therefore attempting to argue. the question of
advantage or otherwise to be derived from the principle of
competition, or endeavouring to reconcile different opinions
on the subject, it seems important to take such a view of its

practice, or of the manner in which it has been found to
work, as may afford the means of placing it on a better foot-
ing ; for it is certain, that very indefinite notions exist in the
minds of the public regarding the true advantages of compe-
tition and the mode of attaining them, as well as great mis-
conception and vagueness in their expectations of the result.
" The arguments advanced in favour of competition are suf-
ficiently forcible. Emulation is said to be the soul of excel-
lence in the arts and sciences—the recognised talents of the
elder professor are supposed to be maintained in activity
and progressive improvement, and his employers to be pro-
tected from the routine manner, which security in public pa-
tronage and private practice are too apt to produce :—while
an opportunity was afforded to the young aspirant, to take
that place in public estimation to which his talents may en-
title him.

Here then are two parties placed in juxtaposition with
to-
tally dissimilar views, the one seeking to gain that, of which
the other hazards the loss—unless therefore the invitation to
enter the listsis so framed as to induce the best skill and ex-
perience to incur the risk, the good to be derived from com-
petition must be very problematical. The neglect of this
preliminary condition, is in itself sufficient to frustrate the
whole object of a competition. Upon this point the question
arises, ' Are the parties, by whom competitions are esta-
blished, aware of tke result their proposals are calculated to
produce ?' We know from experience that they are not, and
that the first feeling produced by the examination of designs
by such parties; as those by whom that duty is usually as--
sumed, is seldom other than that of disappointment. The
committees or parties, to whom architectural designs are
submitted for judgment, may be composed of persons of un-
impeachable ;-.4 frnm 1-110 onmpo.i.
'Au ut sucri committees, they almost inevitably consist of
parties, whose attention has not been particularly directed to
the acquirement of knowledge on the subject upon which
they undertake to adjudicate.
" This is a disadvantage so inherent in the system of com-
petition, that perhaps competitors have no right to complain
of it. But both the public and the profession have great
right to complain, when a judicature, so constituted, neglect
any means in ,their power to assist them in forming a right
selection ; and too many instances have been brought before
your Committee of remissness on this point, when a very
little attention to it might have placed the means of judging
correctly within the scope of every person of common_sense.
" It happens then that such parties for want of a degree of
previous information, without which they would hesitate to
decide upon the most ordinary business of life, are liable to
be ignorant, that the advantage of competition to employers
has its limits ; and that the productions of the competitors
should be regarded, after all, as general ideas formed in the
absence of the essential ingredient in the construction of a
good design—viz. ample consultation with the employers, and
a careful observation of their practical views, wishes, and-
ideas ; which the architect having attentively gathered, then
moulds according to therules of art. Every experienced man
knows that this confidential communication of ideas, is in
truth the groundwork of the design.
" The formation of the programme, upon which competitors
are required to frame their designs, becomes therefore the
first essential point for consideration, and a deficiency on this
point is perhaps the most general evil in the present system.
The precise objects to be obtained, the most desirable means
of attaining them, the circumstances that must control the
plan with regard to the site and other localities, the sum of
money to be expended, and many other particulars of which
every case of competition brings its own, are seldom ascer-
tained and settled, so as to lay the groundwork of well-de-
fined instructions upon which competitors may proceed.
When the decision is to be made, the judges discover for the
first time, that they have been ignorant of their own inten-
tions ; their loose and ill-digested instructions are abandoned
altogether, and the architect, who has acted with the greatest
good faith in adhering to them, is the first to be deprived of
his reward. In another view of the case, an architect, who
may have suggested a design not reconcilable with the crude,
undigested, and perhaps contradictory misconceptions cast
into the programme, may virtually exclude himself from the
competition, and his employers from the adoption of his ideas.
" When we consider architecture as a combination of
science and art requiring great experience and taste, together
with the important essential in its professors, of character
and conduct in the execution of their works—when we con-
sider the variety of attainment necessary for the production
of an architectural design, it is not too much to expect some
corresponding qualifications, together with deep and patient
consideration, on the part of those who take upon themselves
to sit in judgment upon it."

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.—MoNDAN.

CHARGE OF ROBBERY FROM THE PERSON.
Margaret Jones was charged by a person named M'Nay,
with having abstracted from his waistcoat-pocket the sum of
six sovereigns under the following circumstances. Com-
plainant said he had met the prisoner soon after 12 o'clock
on Sunday night, in St. James's-street, and afterwards
missed his money, consisting of the amount stated, and also
a farthing. He afterwards heard that the prisoner had de-
posited a sum of money with a Mr. Slater, keeper of an
eating-house, in New Bond-street. He informed a polic-
officer, and the greater part of the money (X•f and the farth-
ing) was found, Mrs. Slater stating that the prisoner had de-
posited the money with her for safety.. The prisoner said
that the complainant had paid her in copper and that she
found the sovereigns amongst it, and left them with Mrs.
Slater, so that he might receive them back on applying for
them. She was commited for trial at the sessions.

BURGLARY.
William Hindley and John Swift, two young men, were
placed at the bar, having been apprehended after breaking
into a house in Toxteth-park, with intent to rob it. At 3
o'clock on Sunday morning, the prisoner Hindley, was ob-
served by a public officer to leap from off a wall on the pre-
mises of Mr. Job, Norton-street, Toxteth-park. He was
without hat or shoes. He ran off, and, the officer pursued
him along several streets before he succeeded in capturing
him. It was afterwards found that the house had been broken
open, two panes of glass having been taken out over the
door, by which facility wa§ given to opening it, The parlour
door was also forcibly broken open. A hat and a pair of
boots were also found in the yard, where they had no doubt
been left by Hindley. Inspector Pool afterwards came up,
and commenced a further search, thinking Hindley might
not have ben alone, nor was his conjecture unfounded. In
a neighbouring yard he found an iron crow-bar or " Jim-
my ;" and in a privy, concealed under the seat, he disco-
vered the prisoner Swift and brought him out. On compar-
ing the marks on the door with the crow-bar it appeared
clear that that was the instrument by which entry had been
obtained to the parlour. The timely detection of the depre-
dators had prevented them ftom carrying any things off.
They were both committed for trial at the sessions.

CHARGE OF THEFT, AND OBTAINING MONEY UNDER
• FALSE PRETENCES.

A young man named Michael Sweeney, stood charged
with having stolen a great coat, the property of Robertson
Gladstone, Esq. It appeared from the evidence that the
great coat had been left in the stable on the Ist of May, and
had been taken away. It was afterwards found in a pawn-
shop in Park=land, where it had been pledged by the pri-
soner. The prisoner acknowledged that he had taken it.
Another charge against him was that he had obtained six
tumbler glasses and a vinegar cruit from the glass warehouse
of Messrs. Davenport, Canning-place, he alleging that they
were for his master, (D. Lewis, Esq.) He afterwards sold
them to a Mrs. Robinson. Mr. Lewis stated that he had
not authorised him to procure any thing in his name. The
prisoner had been in his (Mr. L's.) service, but had been
discharged 10 months ago. The prisoner did not deny the
charge. He was committed for trial at the sessions. The
prisoner in reply to a question from the bench put by request
of Mr. Lewis, said, that Mr. Lewis's present servant, who
was in court, had in no degree connived in his (the pri-
soner's) offence. Mr. Lewis said he had every confidence
in the honesty of his servant, who had himself suggested the
question for his own satisfaction.

COMMITMENTS FOR MINOR OFFENCES.
Charles Morris, a boy, for attempting to pick a gentle-
man's pocket, one• month to the borough house of correc-
tion. Mary Ann Corkhill, for being found concealed in St.
John's Market after the gates were closed at night, fourteen
days. Edward Lambert and John Pritchard, for playing at
pitch-and-toss in Brownlow-hill, on Sunday, and using ob-
scene language, fined ss. each, or to be committed for a
week.

Though we do not wish to make any parade of the
art
lation of the LIVERPOOL STANDARD, we beg
to tender our warm acknowledgments to our ninero
subscribers in general, and to our advertising filen re
in particular, to whose kind and liberal support
indebted for the present prosperous career of tilts 01 of
nal. Being considerably in advance of competLf°r:
are
more than 30 years' standing in the town,
Cur

every reason to feel satisfied with our position.
7ist
conservative friends will be glad to learn that Or
of subscribers is daily increasing.

THEATRE-ROYAL, LIVERPOOL.
SECOND APPEARANCE of the celebrated American Cal'ir.
MR. HACKETT, who is engaged for FIVE
this Theatre, and second appearance of MONS,.I .40
the unrivalled Performer on the TIGHT ROPD,:.,
TWO SONS, who are also engaged for OBE ";pet •
Tillioresent TUESDAY, MAY 14, 1839, will '-rep
forlied the Drama, as altered and adaptt:d foraines,
sentation, from the Comedy og Who Wants a G

called the
YANKEE IN ENGLAND' TT,
Solomon Swap.. (the Yankee).. Mr. 11051, for
Performed by him in all the principal Theatres in to
States of America and London. rd.
Sir Larry M'Murragh Mr. W. 11°r, 130
Barford Mr. Stuart. I Jonathan Oldskirt...-fr•
Fanny.... Miss Faucit. e 3C6
• Ort a.
To be followed by a Serio-Comic Sketch, in )131,
founded on the popular American Story of M°l:ls.
and the New York Post-office," called
MONSIEUR MALLET•
Monsieur Mallett Mr. Hach'.'..
Mr. Franklin.. Mr. W. H. Blaucl.„;:; Fault,
t
Marie Mallet .... (the Exile's Daughter) • • • •

After whi, OS'
MONSIEUR PLEGE, ANch D
ins TWOen tY
Will go through their extraordinary Evolutions
BOUNDING CORDE.
To 'conclude with the Melo - Drama of
ROBERT MACAIRE. nier
On WEDNESDAY will be performed a romantic al'dfcl,°or,`
tic Drama, in two Acts, called RIP VAN WINIC, ri, ,;,his
Legend of the KaalskidMountains, (founded on ,;Wirs'N''
Irving's well-known Tale of that name.) RiP
(an aboriginal Dutchman) Mr. I-Incturr.—After,,,
extraordinary Performances of Monsieur PLEuf
SONS. —To conclude with the Drama of t"eirs,,°,
TUCKIAN, which was received on Monday evenivtle
the most enthusiastic applause. Colonel Nitnroa , )10
(the Kentuckian), Mr. HACKETT ; Mrs. Luln..,in nrsr'l'
Clarke; Mrs. Freeman, Miss Cleaver; Mary, ol's'
-
51.thapool g...;ntanbarD•_„,

TUESDAY MORNING, MAY 14, 1339.
otti
We have received our files of the Jamaica -ve' 114
and Gazette to the 13th. of March inclusive'
an yc
state of the island seems to be no better °dr
described in former accounts. The high oageboir
manded by the labourers, and the difficulty of :84d
ing specie to pay the every-day expenses iOOl/, aoct'
The plantations, had become a very serious grie. otri
o
It is said to be a fact, that ," persons hiring un iIOP
competency, are now obliged to pay upwards °hoof
a-year for three or four domestics to perform 1011!
hold work, and that not for diligent and trust`"eol,l4
servants, but for idle, insolent, and slothful Peoll,
who will scarcely condescend to cook a dinner citecor
or to keep the house and premises in a cleautYito
a
ner." The masters dare not remonstrate, s'od
c.ao
running the risk of being left without any ttel
The negroes are said to be hoarding up the g
coin, while their employers are compelled t°
premium of ten per cent. for the change of }AP' of
With respect to the contemplated suspensi°llarlO°
House of Assembly, we find the following rem
• 40'
the Jamaica Gazette:— of
" The elective franchise has become the subJe-: ore
cussion in the other colonies—some contending for a,
tcussion
tion, and others demanding an extension, whilst ofAr
quered colonies are advocating from the altered sts.e..-),0
ciety, the necessity of independent legislatures,;nej
of governor, council, and assembly. We have 'll-
to-days Gazette articles from the Demerara, Tri"',d)bcv4
Barbadoes papers, founded upon the position assutct ove:
assembly of this island. The subject is an 0311°tt3te:
colonial society, and ought to demand the serioas got
of every individual who takes an interest in the e
these islands.
" We cordially concur in the observations 06-14 e b.,
windward island contemporary, that the whele
colonies should act in concert, for their apPlie3,,ti°
'ands would come with ten-fold weight, and b-1 Pe • 4
would be obliged to lend a more ready ear to t'''.l,o
plaints. The several popular branches of the
should
i. correspond one with the other, or standing.co
—la hp appointed during the recess, or the
sioners of correspondence, to keep up a regular eci:o4
deuce with the other islands, so that all future Pl3lL-
matured, and brought into successful operation-
-
" Threatened as the colonists are with the inc. be
rights inherent in every British subject, they $
and doing, to offer a constitutional resistance 0 the
ing foe. The assembly of Jamaica having w'deo bet. I
stand in vindication of their chartered rights, the,tble.
ands should second her efforts to secure the 10—L:4,
proper enjoyment of what she is entitled to. °edit°
idle
enot represented in the imperial parliament, an
mockery of the principle of representation,.
beboasted reform bill, to contend that our legislatcre:',.`'
superseded by the omnipotent authority of P3-1:!:iie",,
If parliament would first allow each to return so nit!' JO,
hers to repreient the interests of ne Western
then there would be a shadow of reason for pro(
alteration. But even then the justice and in.°Priiet).
measure would be matter for considerable discl):°4
question. As no such terms, however, have yet ;ii-cerel'',l
posed, the colonists should rest upon the imPer' cocle
vaunted bf Or'
bill, as, upon the authority of that much
British freedom, we have no right to be govern :4,r
law, emanating from a parliament in which oo tve
lonial spirit has been infused by the want of honest reP
toi
tation. col°,
" Jamaica now stands in the breach to tlefejiii° re to'
rights, and she expects every other colonial legit %I,l'l#
P their duty likewise. This is no time for alterill'i.:oo
institutions have been threatened ; and we are
ourselves and our posterity, to maintain the Pr°4- 04-
tive of freeborn men. co le
" We are glad to find that even some of the,
t
colonies have been inoculated with a becoming sPc'eslP:it
pendence, and that they are manifesting a desire t°,, al?
greater share of constitutional freedom rather than
7",
to be denuded of their present modicum
With this view they are advocating the necessity
politic 010
ssitY °le 4041
the elective franchise ; and we trust that our 011;0'1'14
will not rest content with the present imperfect 6tb6 bet
legislation ; but that if alterations are necessnrPa 00Ot
insist
upon having the right kind, viz., an incretise,
of representatives in the popular branch—an i,c' tehesl,,,i,
legislative council, and a cabinet or privy connei:A' roe'
bers of which shall be regularly gazetted, and hew
ble for their advice to the executive !"

the ,i",it'e;
So the " people of England," about wlt'c trey yo'l
ral party have said so much, and for which 3,1c,40.
done so little, has graciously taken off then i bot,vr
ecce not the three tailors of Tooley-street,
rci. fit
sisters of Lord Morpeth and the wife 01. vtgrii3ol,
manby ! Except in Aristophanes' Female '"
there was never so absurd an instance of sc°11:1 lid
trigue. The colonies—must be miggOverile`,tic r.kt
must be abandoned to the Papists, our dortle.o to vz
foreign relations must be made over once °Ploble;l
tender mercies of these self-confessed 1nc310040
because the Queen will not part with two siste:ord..4"
Morpeth and the wife of Lord NormanbY• I'`aeirr
Russell confesses that the upper house has 'lot
strongly opposed to them, and that even the
ad Ploe
port which they said they had from the locerf:001 'Ol
hopelessly abandoned them. Out of door' %f0ic0,,,,
north of Ayrshire to the south of Devon, the /.,0
condemnation has been clearly registered rfo
Aoo'
in this island was with them ;—univers:ll/e 4r./
loudly proclaimed their fall, (nec tarn r°cr feP'of
virtutis consentus vidcbatur,) and tardilY t`l-,l'4tecj,,j
but yet is there balm in Gilead; for lo ! tw° defy
Lord Morpeth and the wife of Lord NornianbYfriellY
the citadel. The Queen will not part with,her I
and will rather have " anarchy than Peel? thi'' '0
We confess we are glad it has come t°,,,clcPto
the wretched intrigues, ati the despicable tolee)
influences of the last two years, have heen, ,ve be;
well known in better-informed quarters, but e re-
regarded with an admixture of incredulity by a 14'
oor jo'
ple at large. In the person of poor 1,341, cond
tings, the damning trick was first placed ue'brink
pute. Lord Normanby has taken care t°
oad rem.,
political bearings of these intrigues into T;oroiaou
before the country. No lovers of Lord r'
we heartily rejoice in this proceeding.
" He who of old would rend the oak,

Dreamed not of the rebound;
Chained by the trunk he vainly broke,
Alone, how looked he round?" tho.r,
If Sir Robert Peel had climbed to office °lid Ill#
ladder of court intrigue—if party dexterity 011 ositio;
chosen occasions had set him in his high lieci%
of theoo 11.46
then a dexterous countermove, a trip
sly manoeuvre, would have caught him in bistbero
op'
and foiled him with his own weapons. 1311 t {or a
~`j;
poor hopes for England; and.a sorry charicet tills.,/tP •
servative triuniph, if Peel have no broader
p.
than such whig-like tricks as these w rest "

ttbilheirre 1,11
bearß t Waters
h _ con
•ell might t]
atural eletot
'tease, as bid
l' their hand
Court against
iaerryd. the con]
kinlea had fo,
g Acestes,
Nlatres p
Ambigua
presentis
IrerY wis(
. we; of rain
Judiciously(or lef
the lurch
E
I.e` illreb, and
t off With 1
I'v(le't to be till
r
-eel
Palace t
).ear., lay 11

° of the cite'
we beg lea:
our nun'er°
fr°,,re
,upport O"
f.
yr of this J°l of
comPetit°"
Or
ott-, our

. -
ositt°ll'
lz that out

...--•
)OL•

r„,ofot
rico `'"
[Vg NIGSO
ONS' 140'5
ROPE' .
INE W5LbeS pet'
;39, will repre;,
t for
ap •ed Gain
Ints a

D • er
res in "

Pn• cl•
r. flow' matt
kirtr.)lr•v-

act•
10
mons. •

HACKS.'. •
and. . fad.
)IPD

k)(1 %., n SOi,
S' tY
lutiODS up

rams of
tE. d
0 $
nantioaLE; Or,
NV I DI 1(
ed on Ni inty
Rip V all bsCl,
__After
PLED P 0:t)
.
a 0f the og •re,
nday
Niinro
LtuninsTrot
:ary,

abarl).
__

3. 9.
( 14,
dtti
famaca

inclusive.
O better s
tll2,
high wage
Fficulty obti.,
roses incurred('
serious grie,
11164
hiring ona 4
upwards of Or
o perforro
and trustwo;sin
slothferul elf
da
dinn deceaw,
in a cleanlY
Innstrate, ithu;
any atte,ol
i g up th e
e co,
anpened to pa)
'lige of paper.
suspensioo of
[lowing rem°
c
the subject ok
tending fora n el,f:
don, whilst the
e altered sta ire o 1
g_i_ ognr
!latures, o:x
a
W
e have
ida4ll
oi
crara, Trin
iition assumed be;
3an nuPortarit
the serious site
'rest in the scelfge
/
,rvations Marie
the whole Over
sir aPplic,atios et
gilt; and oer/
• ?
dy ear to their Air
eoir of the le%i°;ll
eee standing c4iliAj
ss, or the corivi
_ regular cor
dti
r°sr(y
a future plaoo
eratioa.
with the incssiolio
ct, they nnot beir
. tanee to the aa'
having made a I": j,
rights, the odd
re the peaesble! "
Lea to. Thecov
,u ;
xrliarnent, and it /4v
ePresentatiom .00
Tr, legislature; ;be I,
tbority of parli3lor
return so visa '100.4
so estetn D°o/!1,
li for propal,
and proprieo.
-able di4c,„5.00
'lir' have yet beel",ol
the imperial r e 4
much vaunted eve :111
11)
o be governed
which no share
t of honest tee
an
Lich to defend col 4
lonia[ legislature t°00(
for Palterine.
bowi
and we are ."I.°
loe,
tin the Pro
tal pf

:nln;a the OR" le
n ming spirit of il':1
g a desire to cell f` boll
rather than to sd-0;
ne nf. political ellid
[la ceasitY of ettet. :4
Lt . our felloo".1
ttl:;(
re inluePerfeet. It;: i 0
, an ?essary, >bet
ran increasea 0wv,,,,
riv ch—ao indcpeO(„
Y Council, the vie:,
ted, and held rel

-_-__-,
.bout which the I.lbe:t '
for which they Vol
n off the taaslt,:io
o°ley-street, 100,t
„
e Female
of Vi rd po
Iv
an Female Parlio jo,
ee of 0.000141 j
misgoverned Ifer,
ts '.e r 3
e, our doroesti le
r once agaill tO /
ifessedtl inCaP5bV
1 two sisters of ,
rmanby. ii,rde;
louse has always bete
t even the bare '144
rtu the lower had 0.;
„sof door,, VIP 'of
.e-uevon, the voice
fti
gistered;-0°,.4103
universal 50.,,,,
tarn roc.s ale iii>
L tardily they fe.ol
for to ! two std 61
rd Sorwoby de 10,
part with her friell
an peel:,
as come to this, Ail
lespicable back-ft°,,,e
have been tole rso,o
arters, but have Dee.,
Lcredulity the i,
)or Lady Flora 17,
t placed heyolia le
n care tO brifig v. 1.1
les into brOaa re'l6
of Lord Noroiallb)'
nig.

the oak,

Fund ;
'ainlY broke,
mild?, ..il
to OffiCe on the fiv
dexterity and oic•eir.
n his bigb poo.l°ll
trip of tbe Vie' .
t him ill his ofo Ilreew
lons. Dot there
rrY chance for a,c°P;
o broader folindlo
vie to rat 011.

bro,l
:
earBe,,
••‘4 waters of public opinion are the rising tide that
the
conservative bark onward to success ; and as
n II might the fribbles of the palace sport with the
eattlral elements, and bid the waves of the Atlantic
tea", as bid the court-ladies of Buckingham Palace
el; their hand in a contest with the popular will.. The
b urt against the country, and a guinea to a goose-
el,".rY the country wins in a canter. When the Trojan
Kci.les had found a place to their liking in the court of
Acestes,

" Metres prim?) ancipites, oculisque malignis
Arn})igute, spectare rates, miseruni inter amorem
the Presentis terree, fatisque vocantia regna,"
os) very wisely and spiritedly set fire to the fleet. A
itll'4°.iver of rain repaired the mischief, and £neas most
(orlei°usly left these patriotic politicians in petticoats
the 4i'llatever else Trojan ladies delighted to wear) in
went 11'6, and setting his sails to a favourable breeze,
off With them, and reserved it for less intriguing
\'‘,ls to be the mothers of Roman kings and senators.
pitaie w°old recommend whisperers of Buckingham
Teaaree t° lay in a store 44 these ancient tales for the
Tsar..
of theinleisure to which justice public will consign

nut Mhen
iteratioWe turn to the men, more serious corm-
Ire
to than these present themselves. What are
qt„i, think of the lovel to which Court morality has
ih:44.BWhen queens and countesses are made the play-
ke political manoeuvre ? For the queen herself
to theetlain no sentiment but that of the respect due
tkive sovereign office, and to a lady of quiet, unob-
oet„,'arniable character. Freed from the natural
lest tions of her age and sex, not more by the high
ParaileYit° Which she has been called, than by the un-
td meanness and duplicity of her ambitious and
hearted parasites, she is in no way responsible
°O4 the intrigues of these hoary pretenders, Let no
thareha Malign the queen, but let every lover of his
letoi,er and Country see, in her 'firm and unyielding
titad,l44 disposition that may stand both in good
4/iter,Len experience and communication with honest
t4ore Shallhave informed her understanding, and
the peo'helY unfolded her right affections. But let
byP °f England set its mark upon Lord Nor-
fribble of the most insignificant pretensions
Youth, his first step to notoriety was the ludi-
eminence of literary absurdity,,and the author of
I°l-' N 0" used to be regarded as a superficial
cant in parties, when the court jester and his
1411PLI• bells were wanted to enliven the vacuity and
••,,bn't.glatitY of fashionable indolence and ennui. Being
tll4'eotl Profligate, and devoted to the whigs, he was
tertlio 'nvernor of Jamaica, to serve .the purposes of
liicilliaitia,ister Persons who move the secret springs of
nitijOhatinistration. He served them admirably.
htt:cralitY, or to speak in other words, the undis-
to ' Partiz .
ottirittri. anship he there displayed, qualified him
I‘;atiBtiteri," wild justice" in Ireland. The brand
r eh s preference was set upon his head. By
DN. etribution, Ireland and Jamaica have been two
hi rilate
41,4 • causes' of Lord Melbourne's fate; As we
ad
1.4'4 atterii-r last, Lord Normanby is now about his
''otiA Pt, and will meet with his third and final
di •1 tur
gas disce' He
has played his game too rashly;
ov
Nties ehred his designs. By and bye, when
ssedytad begun to surround theinfant cabinet
1,41. o' which are numberless, and of nine years'
,
1/41,1'e the not-bed of whig incompetence) he might
been b! his wire with a better chance. But he
unit
st-raYed into stale-mate. He cannot move
k''ut \ e defy him to stir a step. With this par-
Pie, a not move ; and with an appeal to the
even
I:,m be bi the semblance of radical ascendancy
Otit „piWTI into thin air. The only result of the
141' and 1: he a line in the people's note-hook " set
deep'l' -"fled, and learned by rote, to cast into his
6iveli,vitenever he shall dare to set his fortunes to
hazard.
ti excel)
cPelldiou-nt article in Saturday's Times has given a
Itiatto 8 abstract of the ever-memorable Moira
tti;Lli 144,14: in 1812. Lords Grey and Grenville have
heo
-
t° the skies by every whig expectant for
ti,A9l,loti‘ite adhesion to what they considered consti-
(l. neiple in reference to the Prince's house-
The„
of nemanded all. How loud have been the
yeki
4t the ng whiggery and howling radicalism
Olt)
of Me-serving and truckling policy (as
.they
`iipkrlity t Lords Grey end Melbourne, in allowing
41414 tim°„remnain under its natural heads, the men of
Orezt , Waterloo ? All, all, said they, should be in
Illtt:4'lofit:terest of the ruling minister; for the self-
Cennine liberalism knows no bounds, and
ttl:d fr(o°,:s no modesty. Why was Lord Howe dis-
Slog c his situation in attendance, not upon the
"0 ::'}ivereign, but the Queen Consort ? 'Why,
it 'lin the St's
in the captain but a choleric word,
rulel3lllier is rank blasphemy ;" because there
is thy the whig and another for the tory. The
kcn Nded to require all—the tory is hooted if he
Sir Robert Peel asked his Sovereign the
dglit alo -n he could accept with honour. On meet--
her4.l4lfrosal, he honourably and respectfully w h
the Presence and her service. Now, ow,how,
'11„, t'letit case as respects the whigs ? Coming into
1,0 ere rusted with the personal guardianship of her
41tt,",'t georYer,sideration that can affect an honoura-
14,yi etl to "ns, or feeling mind would have recom-
tOrto their most scrupulous and delicate regard
tirl
-411, Sher person witk the most notoriously
ante,an
ns for her youth and sex. Her female
the IlearerreProachable perhaps in other respects,
V t.`lktitt, t blood relations of wily and scheming
old friend and instructress, the Duchess
\11.,` leo ,jdand, Was excludedfrom the palace, solely
Nte hi politics. Where were the tears then ?
Were ti_he talk of a private station ? The
mt
1,• prin hermetically sealed against the ingress of
a:diPle. The Queen's name was made a
Na ',ro -entimew .1 recklessly thrown in as a make-weight
ORernnns• Every danger their own crimes
tight
▪ to:eh,lll)°n them they have cruelly made her
quarrel her uarrel A story has gone
°I th
e Papers, that some heroic chartist has
IN ten Puzzle the military by placing women and
oothe van, on whom the soldiers would not
• f.t(ihrft i fire. Such is the rascally policy of the
`ch.ce3 8 the Queen. Whenever the constitu-
-404e brought out to repress their seditious
froet' the church and state, they set the Queen
It(ietl4l4gilt, and call shame upon the unworthy
41(40 11)1 theirthe dare to oppose the Queen. The last
hat infernal policy—if indeed events shall
tettt
% act th h a , e dared to make the Sovereign in
d
tkto,ne Nri,! Part of an intriguing courtier, an
o,d; "teh no monarch has played in England
'this days of the Stuart dynasty—this last
irkik, recoil
11
these upon themselves with a vengeance
Fro. esPerate men are not prepared. We
L'iir), Die of a dissolution with heart-felt joy.
Nt4l thou England fight the Queen's. battle
4 t 0%, g
her rtivno Clatter and have endeavoured to en-
+l., (Inservative democracy will come to
Zlll;4ticla :frtolin the Land's End to Cape Wrath the
114, ne monarchy will rally round the Bri-
•11, ' aucl th• •
ever Is last black act of whiggery will
the fate of that despicable faction. Let
r.)11 hs e tie
re, ared, and let the fight begin. If the
'o tiler
cenaries
oo• could not face parliament be-
,L
-`4 the .
,Itlt,ql of Y stand now ? Have they so mean
'stl 'l4 their countrymen, that they think the
to eaehe
IN, the ry and the basest perfidy are sure pass-
ter > 'LI rs oulde f
We • ,the people," and the gates
tie rejoice in their elevation, for we long
4 e°lld
fall. Their first was not attended
en
4thi, Hugh a just Providence reserves them
~idend.
NRke
Yll'e • 'Y
has
k,fs'llti proof
~, a y displayed the cloven foot ! Thk
th was '3' the assertion that Lord Melbourne's
4,t Ite . ' hour)
es
m—a base trick—a contemptible
R on
f 4 y accumulating. The thousand
41 ranre .ctinn only sought for an opportunity
L nrcl a4Bing the Queen's name as a party
n la the d. .
tit few my Intrigue developed in the course
it ar,—(laYB amounts to this—the whigs wished
'vkiv ''Pear that
kt.',ll. es. the court was opposed to the
fir nal 4hred I3Y the
11,)14 rBuade the
t to most paltry artifices they have
w1)le 'll Peel'lwas about being,
°4l4Pte- 'ld that loyaltyQuei that an unconsti-
menposed upon her by
fri No -4,glai and IIOW they seek to persuade the
4t,:eive Th and whiggery are sy-
e, ath, e trick is too palpable, however,
pry~at the ' one „os
Bessed of a grain of common
Nt{:44e(l teaiß,rl •
at
s inti ofMelbourne the . Lord was a trick,
of with
of
Peo once more enlisting the sym-
• pew,will be evident from the public

meetings already held or announced, for the purpose of
addressing her Majesty. On Saturday last a meeting
of this description was held in the vestry of the Parish
of Marylebone, at which the following address was
carried :

"TO THE QUEEN'S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY.
" THE HUMBLE MEMORIAL AND PETITION OF THE
VESTRY REPRESENTING THE LOYAL AND POPULOUS
PARISH OF ST. MARYLEBONE,
" Showeth,—That this vestry has heard, with an indigna-
tion which it is hoped will be partaken by all your Majesty's
loyal subjects, that an attempt has been made to banish from
your presence the female friends for whom your Majesty
entertains affection, and thus render your social station more
painful and degraded than that of any other woman in your
dominions.

" That this attempt to make you a state prisoner in your
own palace, to place a spy over every one of your domestic
movements, and to make your royal office a mere pageant to
be used only for the purposes of an oligarchy, is not in ac-
cordance with the constitution of this kingdom, and is an
insult which your people, the vestry doubt not, will resent in
your Majesty's behalf.
" That this vestry is well aware attacks upon liberty are
not at the present day to be apprehended from the crown, but
from the selfish part of the aristocracy ; and, therefore, the
vestry humbly prays—
" That your Majesty will be pleased to call to your councils
such ministers as, whilst they will uphold your Majesty's
prerogative, will so direct and lead on the march of reform
in all your institutions, more particularly in-the free'and ex-
tensively-enlarged representation of the people in the Com-
mons' House of Parliament, as to prevent any oligarchy
trampling on your throne, or on the rights and just expecta-
tions of your Majesty's loyal people.
" And your petitioners will ever pray, 84c.”

A meeting for a similar purpose is, we perceive, advertised
tq take place in Liverpool. Others will follow throughout
the country. The radical Town Councils will follow with
their addresses of pretended condolence. BUT THE TRICK
WILL NOT DO. It must and shall be frustrated. The con-
servatives of England must rally round the Queen, and pro-
claim in a voice of thunder that this country shall pot be
governed by an intriguing CAMARILLA at Court. The
Queen muse and shall be delivered from the meshes of the
snares by which she has been surrounded. COUNTER AD-
DRESSES MUST BE SENT BY THE CONSERVATIVES OF
GREAT BRITAIN, PRAYING HER MAJESTY TO DISMISS
HER PRESENT ADVISERS. LET LIVERPOOL SET THE EX"

AMPLE WITHOUT DELAY.

CORRESPONDENCE.

To MR. SAMUEL TAYLOR, OF SEDDON-STREET,

Sir,—Having recently noticed a letter addressed by you to
the editor of the Liverpool Standard, in reply to mine of
the 16th ult. I beg to inform you that it contains several
misrepresentation of facts :—ln the first place, I am not
following the chemical profession, having been for some
time (and still being) fully engaged in prosecuting my patents,
therefore I have no interest in " puffing myself into notice ;"
nor can I allow you to represent that I have published an
obtruded discussion" with you ; the fact being exactly the
reverse. You obtruded your unsought opinions upon me,
denying my statements, and pompously vouching for the
accuracy of your own, by appealing to Rose, Thomson,
Brande, and Turner. Now, Sir, having been beaten with
your own weapons, it is truly laughable that you again refer
to the above authority to prove, what every chemist knows
is not the fact ; but it is a very common thing with inexpe-
rienced young men, to employ weapons, the use of which
they are unacquainted with,—never reflecting that ridicule,
ignorantly misapplied, must necessarily rebound, and cover
themselves with confusion. You have, it seems, after con-
sulting your chemical vocabulary, discovered that some of
the terms in the printed copy of my letter on the analysis of
carbonate of barytes, are incorrect. Now, if you had
" nursed your wrath to keep it warm " a few days longer,
you would have perceived that the incorrect terms were
merely typographical, and were courteously acknowledged in
the next number of the paper ; and as it turns out immedi-
ately above your own illustrious epistle, But really, "gentle
sir," ' you should not so ludicrously charge me with libelling
the science of chemistry, and doing myself, forsooth, perma-
nent dishonour, by making sulphuretted hydrogen, and
hydro-sulphuric acid synonymous, because my " untaught
friend"—you prove yourself by so doing a " Tyro," or you
would not subject yourself to the laughter of every chemist
in Liverpool, who reads the illustrious epistle in question ;
nor would you compel me thus publicly to inform you
that, by referring you to your own favourite authors, of
which you know so little—vide Turner, 9th edit., page 394 ;
Brande, 4th edit., p. 533. Ure, 4th edit. p. 526, you will find
that sulphuriatic hydrogen and hydro-sulphuric acid are one
and the same substance, and it was only from an impression
I had at the time, that, although every chemist is fully aware
of the fact, you might not be able to recognise, it that I
supplied you with both terms for your own especial in-
formation, so that in atterapting to " show up" the " Prac-
tical Chemist" you had completely exposed yourself. In
conclusion, I have only to inform you, that my analysis of
the mineral from the Pennant Mine, was made for
my own personal information; and that, though I once
intended to have become interested in that mine, I
am not, nor ever was, interested in that property ; and
with i egard to your misrepresentation of blowing res-
pired air into an alkaline base, &c.," I thought that even
you would have known that Barytes, when completely dis-
solved in nitric acid, could not contain the carbortic,—and
that the air, not respired air, (as you misrepresent,) was
blown into the vessel to rid it, and not the nitric solution of
carbonic acid gas, which would have affected its weight, and
vitiated the analysis,—so that your remarks thereon only
further display your ignorance of that which every Tyro
ought to understand. And with respect to " Klaproth's
Analysis," allow me also to inform you that it has been cited
and adopted both by Brande and Thompson, though the
former has recently published his own.
I am, sir, yours, &c.,
CHARLES FLUDE.

Liverpool, May 6, 1839.
[We have inserted the above letter because Mr, Flude
considers himself agrieved by the personal remarks made by
Mr. Taylor, but the discussion must stop here.]

OBSERVANCE OF THE SABBATH.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD,

Sin,—There being now much agitation on the matter o:
closing the Post-office on the Sabbath, a few remarks on the
subject may not be uninteresting to your readers.
In the onset, then, I would observe, that fallible and erring
humanity must be incapable of forming a correct judgment
in this and every similar matter, without some undeviating
rule or standard of what is right, and what is wrong. We
have a standard, a perfect one, The Bible. Which, though
many have despised and ridiculed, they have never been able
to show us a better. To those only who acknowledge its
authority, and would abide by its dictates, do I address the
following.
The points I would endeavour to establish are these. Ist.
That the system referred to, is a gross violation of the law
of God. 2d. That its immediate consequences are most
hurtful to society. And 3d. That its abolition would result
in extended national and individual prosperity. That it is a
gross violation of the law of God, I believe few will dispute.
The ordinance of the Sabbath is undoubtedly instituted for
an effectual interruption to all worldly business, that man
may pause and consider how he stands in the great ledger of
account between himself and his Creator. Who will deny
that the practice in question presents a decided obstacle to
this most beneficent design in the case of a large portion of
the community. It is surely needless to show, that the sys-
tem is a literal, as well as actual violation of the command.
Were this all, it would follow, that 2ndly, The practice must
be hurtful to society, for Omr_ipotent Justice will not suffer
his law to be broken by impunity. But we may trace its
effects. Hundreds upon hundreds of post-masters and their
assistants, must employ those hours which should be given
to rest and devotion, in sorting, giving out, and distributing
the letters. Then thousands upon tens of thousands of clerks,
messengers, servants, and others, must in like manner, lose
the sacred time, and congregate around the Post-offices
throughout the kingdom, instead of in the houses of God.
The unclean jest, and the profane oath, are not unfrequently
bandied familiarly amongst them. But the evil does not stop
here, the letters are conveyed to their destination, and the
merchant, the master, the tradesman must read them, and
answer them, and, perhaps, while in conformity with the
command, he enforces the attendance of his children, and
servants upon the place of worship, he thus sets before them
an unequivocal declaration of how little he cares spiritually
to fulfil the law. The widely spread and demoralizing in-
fluence which these things have upon the community is per-
chance, immensely greater than is imagined. The Post-
office being also the medium for the dissemination of news-
paper, and Sunday publications of baneful character, a
large addition is thus made to this otherwise abundant
fbuntain of national injury. I believe calculations might be
made to prove that three fourths of the population of the
empire are affected directly or indirectly by this evil system !
To the arguments of necessity made in its favour, it can only
be said, that no possible necessity can warrant a breach of the
divine law. That " necessity has no law," is a pernicious
maxim which none who believe the Bible will admit.
For the 3rd point, That the abolition of the system would
result in extended national, and individual prosperity, I
would enter on the safe ground, that morals must conduce
to national and individual welfare, and the system being
demoralizing, its suppression would naturally, therefore, re-
sult in increased prosperity. Would we have our prisons
useless buildings—the office of judge a sinecure—the gallows
to be found only in models in the museums as instruments of
death belonging to by-gone days—would we have crime to
be a thing unknown amongst us—then let us all unite in
putting down this, and every other source of immorality and
wickedness.
But the connection of morality with prosperity is not the
only authority we have for saying the abolition of the system
would result in extended benefit. The Author of Good has
annexed a blessing to the observance of his law, as well as
cursing to the breach of it. The voice of truth cries, " The
Lord reigneth, let the earth rejoice," as well as " The Lord
reig,neth, let the people tremble." And this leads us to a
just view of the importance of the matter in question. It is
not whether a number of individuals shall be released from
proper employment on the Sabbath, but it is whether God
shall be nationally honoured, andhis law observed, or whether
God shall be nationally insulted, and his law dispised. There
is a mighty arm stretched out over the nations, and upon
this it depends whether that arm shall descend in blessing or
cursing, to prosper or destroy. Long ! long ! may the curse
be upheld from England, but it can only be, so long as she is
true to herself, for God " will forsake those who forsake
him," and will be only " with those who will be with him."
Let all throng then to append their signatures, and let Par-
liament be overwhelmed with petitions again and again, until
the evil be abrogated, and who can tell that our ships will
not return more heavily laden with valuable produce, safely
steered by the unseen Pilot, through dangers which the most
experienced mariner could not foresee, and that the reign of
piety, blessing, and happiness will be extended in the land.
Liverpool. E. M. J.

PRESENTATION OF PLATE.—On Friday last, the extra and
glut tidewaiters presented Mr. Ledger, of Everton, son of
the late Richd. Ledger, Esq. of Whitehaven, with a splendid
silver tea-pot, manufactured by Dismore, Bold-street, on
which is the following inscription :—" Presented to Wilson
Ledger, Esq. by the Extra and Glut Tidewaiters of this Port,
as a testimony of gratitude and esteem for his exertions on
their behalf."
STUBBS' ROYAL HARMONIC BAND.—We are glad to find
that our townsman, Mr. Stubbs, attended, with his very ef-
ficient band, at the assemblies in Chester, during the race
week, where they gave universal satisfaction. As these as-
semblies embraced about 300 of the very elite of society, it
has been a matter of surprise with us that Mr. Stubbs should
not be engaged at the Liverpool balls at the Wellington
Rooms. Why should the gentry of this town be more fas-
tidious than the r. oblity and gentry of the county of Chester ?
MECHANICS' INSTITUTION.---7The directors of the Me-
chanics' Institution have appointed Mr. W. B. Hodgson, of
Edinburgh, secretary to the institution ; and, from what we
have heard of that gentleman's talents and acquirements, we
have every reason to believe, that he will prov 3 a very valua-
ble acquisition to that most excellent institution, as well as
tend greatly to promote the cause of popular instruction,
especially among the mechanics and working classes, whose
interest he has so much at heart.—Correspondent of the
Albion.

We were much gratified yesterday in witnessing a beautiful
launch from Messrs. Hasleden, Pearson, and Troughton's
yard, Baffin-street, of a very fine schooner of 130 tons bur-
then, intended for the Cadiz and Gibralter trade, and the
property of our townsman, W. H. Wood, Esq.
THE WEATHER.—After two or three days of fine but cool
weather, this town was last night visited by showers of rain
and snow. The latter fell about 9 o'clock in the evening, in
large flakes—a circumstance very rarely occurring, in this
neighbourhood at least, at this advanced period of the year.
Vegetation is exceedingly backward in this county.
SHIP LAUNCH.—This day, (Tuesday,) there will be
launched from the building-yard of John Dawson and Co.,
Queen's Dock, a splendid new barque of 300 tons burthen,
intended for the Cape Horn trade.
EAGERNESS FOR NEWS.—Ever since Wednesday morn-
ing, when the resignation of the whig ministry became known
in Liverpool, the newsrooms have been crowded, particularly
in the morning and in the evening, by anxious quidnuncs.
The trains, on several occasions, were late, both evening and
morning, and great was the disappointment of the eager
seekers after news. The Exchange Newsroom was kept
open, after the usual hour of closing, for the accommodation
of the subscribers ; and on Saturday night, at an hour when,
ordinarily, there are scarcely half-a-dozen persons present,
there were, at least, one hundred waiting the arrival of the
morning papers. The Lyceum and Atheineurn Newsrooms
were equally crowded.
NEW MAGISTRATES FOR CHESHIRE.—The names of the
following gentlemen have been inserted in the commission of
the peace for the county palatine of Chester, by order of the
lord chancellor :—Peter Edward Marsland, Esq., of Stock-
port ; Samuel Ashton, Esq., of Pole Bank ; Edward Samuel
Walker, Esq., of Chester; Holbrook Gaskell, Esq., of War-
rington; Samuel Hadfield, Esq., of Old Hall; John Cotting-
ham, Esq., Recorder of Chester; John Stubbs, Esq., of
Warrington ; James Bailey, Esq., jun., of Stapely ; William
Baker, Esq., of Highfield.
THOMAS JAMES HALL, ESQUIRE.—We regret to learn
that our worthy stipendiary magistrate, who has so long and
so ably presided over our police court, is about to leave the
town, he having been appointed to a similar situation in the
metropolis. Those who have known Mr. Hall in his public
capacity—who have marked the promptitude and energy,
combined with temper and humanity, which ever characterise
his decisions, will readily concur with us, that in his depar-
ture from the active and often painful scene of his present
labours, the town will sustain a loss which it may be difficult,
if, indeed, possible to supply. He will carry with him the
good-will of all lovers of order, justice, and impartiality, and
of all those who have acted with him on the bench.

Experience is the best of all tests, as to what was once a
terror is now a pleasure. I was so tormented for years with
blunt razors, that the thought of shaving of a morning
made me half melancholy, as I was sure to cut myself in three
or four places, but having seen an advertisement headed
" Once a Terror, now a Pleasure," and on reading, I found,
if it was not a puff, it was what I much wanted, so I found
my way to Johnston's, in Hanover-street, and got a good
razor strop and some of his diamond paste, and from him a
little instruction how to strop my razor. This I attended
to ; and it is but justice to say, I have not been disappointed,
as I find they do all that is held forward in the advertisement.
1 would therefore recommend all my brother shavers who
wish a sharp, keen-edged razor, to supply themselves as I
have done ; and I am sure they will find a terror turned into
a pleasure.—Edinburgh Patriot, 30th August, 1834.
ASPHALT& FOOTWALKS.—The footwalk at the top of
Brunswick-street, on the south side, from the corner of Cas-
tle-street to the west end of the Corn Exchange, is now being
laid down by the Seyssel Asphalte Company, with a view to
testing the comparative durability of their composition with
that of Pollonceau's bituminous compound, and ordinary
Yorkshire flags. Small portions of the road transversely
being left to be finished with flags and bitumen alternately
with the asphalte. The manner in which the asphalte is in
this instance laid down differs considerably with that resorted
to in laying down the yard-wall of St. Peters, in Church-
street, in which it will be remembered the asphalte was poured
in a hot state upon a pavement of brick. In the present
case, the ground is first prepared, to the depth of a few
inches, by being beaten down firmly by rammers. A layer
of fine sand is then spread on, and on this a thick coating of
mortar, made of plaster of Paris, first baked and afterwards
ground and mixed with fine sand. This mortar is of a grayish
colour; it sets rapidly; and is therefore mixed and applied in
the manner of Roman cement. The hot asphalte is spread
on the top in breadths, between bars of iron, and being
strewed with sharp sand or minute broken gravel, the road
becomes perfectly hard, and in a few minutes is immediately
fit for use.
THE MONK'S FERRY.—In the Court of Exchequer on
Wednesday, the case of Pim and others v. Curell and others
came on for hearing. It was a motion for a new trial, the
arguments for and against which occupied more than one day
during the present term. The question at issue between the
parties, as already stated, involves the right to a ferry in the
neighbourhood of Liverpool. Lord Abinger now delivered
the judgment of the court, which was to the effect that a new
trial should be granted on the ground that improper evidence
had been admitted, which was objected on the trial. The
objectionable evidence admitted, consisted of interlocutory
orders made by the Palatine Court of the Duchy of Lancas-
ter, which orders afforded moral evidence that the parties, at
the time the orders were made, claimed the right of ferry
over the place in question. The court was now of opinion
that the orders, not being final orders in the cause, could not
be treated as judgments, and ought not to have been admit-
ted in evidence, and those orders having been admitted, they
considered that a new trial ought to be granted. [This case
was decided against the New or Monk's Ferry Company, and
in favour of Mr. Price, Proprietor of the Woodside Ferry,
who brought the action against them as Lord of the Manor,
at the last Chester assizes.]
oN SHIPS.—We last week furnished a brief account of
the successful voyage of the Ironside iron ship, hence to South
America and back, the first vessel of that material that has
yet crossed the ocean, and the interest and curiosity which she
has since excited induces us to submit a few additional par-
ticulars. The Ironside, Capt. Mitchell, now lying in George's
Dock, opposite Brunswick-street, has throughout the week
been visited by vast numbers of persons of all classes, in-
cluding merchants, shipowners, and marine surveyors, and
her light and elegant structure and equipments, together with
her extraordinary capacity for stowage, notwithstanding the
" sharpness " of her build, I.ave been a theme of no little
wonder and admiration. There is great probability, indeed,'
so successful has been this experiment of an iron vessel in the
several requisites of roominess of hold, quickness of sailing,
strength, extreme buoyancy, and perfect safety even in the
heaviest gales, that the construction of other sea-going ves-
sels of the same material is already in contemplation, and
from this ship may perhaps be dated the commencement of
a new era in the art of navigation. Registering only 264
tons, (new measurement,) she receives a cargo equal to that
of a vessel of 340 tons. Her draft of water, when laden
with cotton and hides, was only 81 feet. With cotton alone
she would probably draw one foot less ; so that such vessels
have a decided advantage over those built of wood in the
crossing of dangerous bars or banks, the navigation of rivers,
&c. The whole of the iron of which she is constructed,
though the plate with which she is " planked" is half an inch
thick, does not exceed 120 tons. The waste of iron in her
construction was comparatively trifling, and, the whole being
of the best quality, even when she becomes unfit for sea (by
corrosion or otherwise,) the metal will still fetch £4 to £5 a
ton. We need scarcely say that the weight of the material
of a wooden vessel of the same tonnage is probably three
times as great ; that she has all the difference to carry with
her as cargo; and that, when worn out, she is comparatively
worth nothing. We saw one of the last bales of cotton
taken out of the Ironside's hold close to the well, where, if
there were any leakage, the water would lodge, and it was as
dry as tinder. She made not a drop of water ; yet, strange
to say, the underwriters required fifty per cent. premium to
insure her cargo additional to that charged on cotton in
wooden bottoms, scarcely one of which arrives without bales
being more or less damaged by leakage. Thi§ was, however,
an experimental trip, and they will doubtless be in future
guided by its success. Meantime it is impossible to ascertain
how long she may rank as A 1 at Lloyd's, the surveyors
being quite puzzled how to estimate her qualities of endur-
ance. She appears to have suffered nothing from rust or
corrosion on long voyage ; and if kept well painted, or heated
and japanned (an easy operation), she may be as good a
vessel ten years hence as now, with no need of coppering or
repairing. We understand the intelligent builders, Messrs.
Jackson, Gordon, and Co., have already received a commu-
nication from government, requesting their opinion of the
adaptation of .iron, as regards strength, &c., to the general
purpose of building ; and the reply has been, that, with a
comparatively light weight of material, iron ships may be
constructed of greater strength than vessels of wood, of any
given tonnage. Messrs. J. and Co. are now engaged in
building a smaller iron vessel for the owners of the Ironside.
We should add, that the whole of the deck beams are of
iron, and have a very light appearance. The deck planks
are fastened by screws through them from below, and not
perforating the planks, so that no nail-holes are perceptible.
and the deck is beautiful.—Journal.
DISPUTED RIGHT TO A PORTION OF EDGE-GREEN

Last Thursday and Friday, Mr. Matthews, assistant tithe
commissioner, sat at the Legh Arms, Newton, to hear ar-
gument, and take the evidence of witnesses respecting the
dispute between Colonel Legh and Sir John Gerrard as to
the ownership and liability to tithe of a certain portion of
land situate in Edge-green, and which was referred to the
tithe commissioners as arbitrators. The inquiry also involved
a question of township boundary, inasmuch as Colonel Legh
being the owner of the adjoining property in Golborne town-
ship, claimed the land in question as part of Golborne, and
Sir John Gerrard, as the owner of the adjoining property in
Ashton township, claimed it as part of Ashton. The land in
dispute covers about forty acres. It is at present waste, but
is rendered valuable by the existence of a large vein of coal
beneath the surface. Col. Raith, as agent, Mr. Heelis, of
the firm of Heelis and Slater, solicitors, Manchester, and
Mr Middleton, surveyor, of Warrington, attended on behalf
of Col. Legh. Mr. Walrnsley appeared as agent for Sir John
Gerrard, Messrs. Rowson and Cross as solicitors, and Mr.
Geo. Saunders, of Ashton, as surveyor. On the part of
Col. Legh eleven witnesses were examined. Their evidence
went to prove certain acts of ownership, customs, and usuages
of the land in question during their lives, and what had been
the generally received opinion respecting the title of the Legh
family to the property. It was proved that in 1708 and 1828
the boundary, as claimed by Col. Legh, had been walked
by a jury belonging to the township and fee of Newton in
Mackerfield. On the other side, Mr. Shaw, formerly the
surveyor of highways for Ashton township, proved that he
had repaired the roads over Edge-green at the expense of
Ashton township, and that he had understood that the green
was within the boundary of the said township. He also
produced several parochial documents from the Ashton town
chest, in which several parties living on the green appeared
to have been rated as inhabitants of Ashton. Other wit-
nesses were called to prove a boundary walked in 1776 and
1813, by a jury of the manor of Ashton, and that the
boundary walked on those occasions corresponded with the
one claimed by Sir John Gerrard. Some of them failed in
identifying the line of boundary as walked with that claimed
by Sir John. Witnesses were also called to speak to acts of
ownership, and this brought the case on both sides to a close.
The assistant commissioner then announced that the award
would not be made until after he had laid the depositions on
both sides before the commissioners in London.
THE SHOPS OF LIVERPOOL.—The Custom-house of Liv-
erpool and the new streets which form its approaches, be-
speak the increasing wealth and prosperity of the good old (?)
town, and its new shops the increased demand for the choice
productions of British and foreign industry. Promoli's Ba-
zaar and Compton House in Church-street, are equal to the
best establishments of the same description in London, and
superior to any to be found out of it. Bold-street, a few
years since almost exclusively occupied by private families, is
now entirely changed in its character. One by one its old
mercantile inhabitants have given place to the purveyors of
fashion. The last ejectment of this description has been
served upon Mr. Thomas Tobin, whose mansion has been
converted into two beautiful shops, one occupied by Bright
and Co. and the other by R. M. Beckwith. We had the cu-
riosity, a few days since, to view the interior—the external
appearance of both having attracted our notice—arrangements
of the latter, and found that it was fitted up with great splen-
dour combined with good taste and workmanship in the de-
sign and execution of its decorations. The effect produced
on entering the room is exceedingly good. A fine mirror,
about 8 feet by 6 in one sheet, at the extreme end of the room
reflects back every object it may contain, whether animate or
inanimate, giving to the whole an appearance of extraordinary
space filled with a great number of persons busily employed.
Over this mirror is placed an antique shrine carved in wood,
beautifully executed and in a fine state of preservation. This,
as a curiosity, is well worth inspection. We are not qualified
to pass any judgment on Beckwith's stock of ladies finery,
but we are told that it is exceedingly good. Be this as it may,
the shop itself is worthy of note as one of the lions of Liver-
pool.—Mail.

MEETING OF THE LIVERPOOL AND WEST
LANCASHIRE
CHURCH MISSIONARY SOCIETY.

Yesterday evening, this numerous and increasing society
held their nineteenth anniversary meeting at the Music-hall.
The attendance, even before the announced hour of opening,
was such as to fill not only the body of the room, but the
gallery and passages ; and some encroachment was even
made upon the platform, which it was purposed to devote to
the accommodation of the reverend gentlemen who were to
take a part in the proceedings as speakers, and of the mem-
bers of the committee, We need scarcely state that the
assemblage was highly respectable, and that a predominance
of ladies, in neat and handsome attire, lent an additional
charm to the proceedings, otherwise deeply interesting from
the truly benevolent and Christian objects for which it was
convened. All the clergy of the establishment in the town
or neighbourhood were present, many of the most respectable
and wealthy inhabitants, and many strangers, not a few of
whom had distinguished themselves by their devotion.to the
dissemination of the humanising principles of Christianity
amongst the benighted of foreign lands. It had been an-
nounced that the chair would be taken at half-past six, and
about that hour the committee and their friends, including
the clergy, made their way to the platform. Many of these
gentlemen, so inadequate were the accommodations, did not
find seats during the whole evening ; but such was the en-
thusiasm felt in the proceedings, that no complaint was ut-
tered, and the whole was truly a meeting of Christian love.
It was intended that the Rev. Augustus Campbell, one of
the rectors of the parish, should take the chair ; but, as was
afterwards announced, that gentleman was prevented from
attending by a domestic calamity, in which all sympathised.
Mr. JOHN RIGBY moved that Adam Hodgson, Esq.,
should take the chair. (Cheers.)
The motion was seconded, and unanimously agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN (A. Hodgson, Esq) then came forward
amidst much applause, and called upon Mr. Carpenter, the
Clerical Secretary of the Society, to open the proceedings by
prayer.
The Rev. Gentleman complied by delivering a prayer at
once most effective and appropriate.
The CHAIRMAN then said that he on this occasion found

himself somewhat unexpectedly placed in the responsible
situation of president of the meeting, as a substitute for their
more competent worthy friend and fellow-labourer in the
cause, the Rev. Mr. Campbell, the cause of whose absence
that night they would doubtless learn with regret. He (the
Chairman) had received from him the letter which he then
held in his hand, and which stated, while it expressed the
good wishes of the writer for the society, stated that the death
of a relative was the sole cause of his non-attendance that
evening. (Hear.) He (the Chairman) was glad to reflect
that this society was so well known, and its merits so much
appreciated, that he was not required to say anything ex-
planatory of the objects it had in view. He would best con-
sult the interest of the meeting by being brief himself, and
exhorting others (as many speakers were in attendance) to
be as brief as circumstances would allow. For, while the
delightful subject before them was inexhaustible, the time
which they had to discuss it would soon pass away ; and to
prevent the inconvenienee that might otherwise arise to indi-
viduals in the room by being detained to a late hour, he
trusted the speakers would confine themselves to such ob-
servations as might appear most relevant to the occasion.
He alluded to the loss of the services of the gentleman (Mr.
Davies) who had lately acted as secretary, and who had been
called to another part of the country ; and he concluded by
calling upon Mr. Carpenter to read the report.
Mr. CARPENTER then read the following

REPORT.
The committee of the Liverpool and West Lancashire
Church Missionary Association, in presenting their nine-
teenth annual report, desire to express their unfeigned
thankfulness to the great Head of the Church for the bless-
ings bestowed on this association during the past year. By
the instrumentality of this association, the proceedings of
the Church Missionary Society are becoming better known,
and its claims to support better understood and appreciated.
In many hearts a deeper sympathy has been kindled in be-
half of the heathen, and in many ways there has been mani-
fested a more lively and active concern to communicate to
the Gentiles, " the unsearchable riches of Christ." In all
this the committee would acknowledge Him in whose hand
are the hearts of all men, and who alone can awaken and
keep alive a real concern for the salvation of souls.
Among other results of this growing interest in the cause
of missions, the committee have to report the gratifying in-
telligence that the contributions from this association during
the past year exceed in amount those of any year preceding,
and, compared with 1837, the funds of last year will shew an
increase of £359 18s. 4d. In this sum, indeed, is included
deductinga legacy of £lO5 ; but, this, there will still remain
an increase of £254 18s. 4d., and this from the association's
mor: regular and stated sources of income. Of the nineteen
branches in connexion with Liverpool, there has been an

. .
increase in the funds of sixteen ; one has continued station-
ary, and of the remaining two the decrease has been of in-
considerable amount, and is not in either case to be attri-
buted to causes which imply a lack, of attachment to the
Church Missionary Society.

These would at any time be gratifying proofs of attachment
to this institution, but they are doubly so at a period marked
as it was by the generous exertions of this town for other
and no less sacred objects at home. Your committee can-
not but connect the increase of the funds of this association
with the efforts recently made in Liverpool for the scriptural,
the hallowed, the heart-cheering purpose of building and
endowing additional churches, and so rescuing our people
from voluntary neglect. The committee rejoice to connect
both together, and would hail in the connexion a happy
omen that our beloved church still occupies a large place in
British hearts. Only let her be true to herself—only let her
follow up her labours in evangelising the population at home
and the heathen abroad, and she will find at last, though she
may now have enemies without and false brethren within,
that she will not be forsaken either by God or man.
The sums received respectively from the different branches
and other sources of income during the past year, are as fol-
low : s. , d.
By donations .
~ annual subscriptions .
Everton branch 132 13 9
~ St. Andrew's 242 14 11
~ St. Bride's
„ St. Jude's
~ St. David's .
„ St. Michael's
„ Mariners' Church .
„ Wavertree
„ Edge Hill 9B 19 1
„ Do. omitted in former year 33 0 0
„ West Derby Branch 54 8 4
„ Knotty Ash
~ Wallasey
„ St. Mark's..
„ Ormskirk.
„ Seaforth
„ Prescot 96 17 2
„ St. Helens 34 7 6
„ St. Augustine's
„ St. Anne's, West Derby l4 11
~ All Saints' l5 0 0
„ moiety of a collection at St. Paul's
„ collection at Christ Church.
„ at St. Luke's Church.
II 91 after annual meeting 32 16 2
ft 7, by a poor widow..
ff by young communicants at St. Luke's 2 1 4
„ a legacy by the late Mr. Burrell lO5 0 0
„ a donation for W. I. fund
„ a small missionary party, per Rev. R. Davies,
less expenses
„ interest per bankers
The committee have to report the resignation of their cleri-
cal secretary, the Rev. Richard Davies. But while they ten-
der their thanks for his valuable services, and express their
sincere regret for the loss of one so well fitted for the office,
they rejoice to think that his services, instead of being lost to
the society, are enlisted more exclusively in its behalf, and
that in his wider sphere, a larger scope will be afforded for
the exercise of his zeal in the church missionary cause.
The Rev. Henry Carpenter has accepted the office of se-
cretary, vacant by the resignation of Mr. Davies. The com-
mittee have also to state, that they have engaged a portion
of the time and services of Mr. Crisp, in the capacity of
agent of this society, at a remuneration of £2O a-year.
In conclusion, the committee would express their convic-
tion that never was there a period when it was more neces-
sary for the Church Missionary Society to stand by its prin-
ciples, and to carry on its operations with stedfastness, with
faith, with zeal, and with love. The present day is pre-
eminently a day of compromise. We have lived to see the
Romish church labouring with an activity which may well
put Protestants to the blush to spread her influence far and
near. We have lived to see those who ought to know better
things aiding and abetting the emissaries of that church.
We have lived to see that church attempting to thwart
and mar and impede the labours of our devoted missionaries
abroad. But none of these things move us. Convinced that
the Lord is faithful—convinced that evangelical truth is from
on high and cannot perish—convinced that the Lord has
blessed, is blessing, and will continue to bless this society,
we must not, we dare not despair. This society has received
tokens of the Divine favour, and will receive them again ;
and one testimony of Divine approbation is worth all the ex-
pense, all the labours, all the self-denial of every missionary
and every man connected with this society. One soul de-
livered from sin and Satan is a rich recompense for all; and,
blessed be God, this society has been the honoured instrument
in rescuing many a soul from perdition. The savage has be-
come a saint—the fierce warrior has been changed into the
humble follower of the Lamb—the slave of everything vile
and debasing has been set free by the gospel of Jesus—old
things have passed away, behold all things have become new
—and the missionaries of this society have seen realised the
picture so beautifully drawn by the Christian poet—
" The wretch that once sang wildly, danced and laugh'd,
And sucked in dizziness with his draught,
Has wept a silent flood, reversed his ways,
Is sober, meek, benevolent, and prays."
Encouraged by such testimonies as these, encouraged by
the great and precious promises of our Lord, the committee
would adopt the impressive exhortation of the Apostle, and
address the friends of the Church Missionary Society, and
say to them one and all— .
Be ye therefore stedfast, immovable, always abounding
in the work of the Lord, forasmuCh as ye know that your
labour is not in vain in the Lord.
The report was listened to with profound attention, and
the approbation of the meeting was, at its conclusion, marked
by applause.
Mr. CARPENTER then presented a sketch of the amounts
of the contributions of the present association. From this it
appeared that the society had remitted to London during the
year, the sum of £1784. 10s. Bd. (Cheers.)
The CHAIRMAN said, that in addition to the subscriptions
and donations announced by the Secretary, he had to an-
nounce Mr. Tuton's annual donation of £25. (Cheers.) He
requested the Rev. Chancellor Raikes to move the first reso-
lution.
The Rev. Chancellor RAIKES said, he had now to move
that the report which they had just heard read, should be re-
ceived, and printed, and circulated at the discretion of the
committee. He should not dwell upon the gratifying facts
which it contained. He felt assured that they were such as
would meet with the consent and approbation of all who were
present. (Cheers.) He was at a loss to know whether the
worthy chairman had taken counsel from the committee in
the speech he had addressed to the meeting, by first seeing
their report, or whether the committee had taken counsel
from him in drawing it up. Certainly that speech agreed
well with the report : it advised brevity—and that report, it
would be admitted, contained much matter in few words.
He hoped it would convey to the minds of all who spoke
that evening, a similar impression. (Hear, hear.) The
statements in the report, were, on the whole, full of en-
couragement. The meeting must, doubtless, have heard
that the yearly report of the present society had shown a fall-
ing off, arising from the great expenses necessarily incurred
and from other causes. He could, however, assure the meet-
ing that they need entertain no apprehension on this account
of the growing utility and success of the institution. They
bad much reason, indeed, when the circumstances were con-
sidered, to rejoice in the prospects before them. The defal-
cation in their resources was comparatively insignificant ;
and a large portion of it proceeded from a cause which ought
to gratify rather than to dismay. It arose from the almost
total absence of legacies ; and he felt assured that they would

he thankful that many of their best friends yet lived to sup- '
port them by their exertions and their means, and might do
so for years to come. If (he added feelingly) they had
gained no legacies this year, they had the higher satisfaction
of contemplating that they had lost no friends. (Cheers.)
There was, indeed, much to give satisfaction and comfort—
as much probably as it was good for them to enjoy. They
had only to proceed in the career they had so happily begun,
and to spread throughout the length and breadth of the land
the infinite importance of the operations of the association.
(Cheers.) It was impossible to conceal the factthat they had,
as a nation arrived at a most critical position, but there was
every hope of a successful issue. The time was when they
were surrounded by difficulties much less insurmountable.
He remembered when he was an humble curate of a large
parish in his younger days, he became a member of a similar
society, and went out to endeavour to collect subscriptions in
its behalf. Amongst other persons he called on a fine old
English squire ; informed him of the benevolent objects it
had in view, and solicited his support. His reply was,
" Oh, I see, it's a job of Wilberforce and the Presby-
terians." That admirable individual (Mr. Wilberforce) was
now removed from this world of trials ; he had lived
to earn the love and respect of all around him ; and
left behind him a name of his worth embalmed in the
memory of a grateful and admiring nation. (Loud cheers.)
He (Mr. Chancellor Raikes) had also, on one occasion, in
pursuit of the same object, called on Lord Grenville ; and, as
might well be believed, he felt, as damparatively a youth,
considerable dismay, in attempting to bring such a cause into
notice with so celebrated a man. He was, however, most
agreeably relieved from his embarrassment ; for he found
that he had only simply to state to him the objects he had in
view, to secure his approbation and support. He (Lord G.)
instantly said, indeed, that he was delighted that such a so-
ciety was introduced into the parish ; and he put down his
name for a donation of ten guineas a year. But times when but
a few would support such a cause, from ignorance of its
beneficial objects were now changed, and it was generally ac-
knowledged that it was the nation's duty to diffuse the nation's
blessing—the blessing of pure and unsullied religion. What-
ever objections individuals might entertain, who were opposed
to the views they entertained, it became the general duty of
the country to support such institutions. It might be asked,
however, in what position did the country stand as affected
this object. We were the wealthiest nation in the world ;
and had an aristocracy who had more in their power than
that of any other country. Yet such a society as the Church
Missionary Society was not sufficiently appreciated by those
who could best support it. Its excellencies had been acknow-
ledged, yet what had we done ? We had, it might be said,
contributed £70,000 a-year to this- noble object, an object
worthy of the highest support of a great nation. But lament-
able to say we contributed most largely to pay taxes on mere
enjoyments the most degrading. There was even paid in
this country on the mere article of tobacco, no less a sum
than £3,000,000 a-year ! (Cheers.) We were contented to
pay immense sums for indulgence in useless, idle, and often
pernicious enjoyments ; yet to support a society like this,
conducted iii a manner the propriety of which no man could
gainsay, and with an object worthy of all support, the whole
amount that could be collected annually was £70,000. Such
a sum, under all the circumstances, could not be considered
but as despicable in itself, and altogether inadequate from
the members of the church to which he belonged. Until in
this country they could offer for such a cause not only tens of
thousands but hundreds of thousands for a purpose so noble,
so benevolent, they could not hope that this offering
would be acceptable at the throne of grace. (Hear,
hear.) He rejoiced at the progress that had been made
by the society in this town ; but he took even this only as
an instalment. He hoped they would lay this matter to
heart ; that they would draw the comparison between this
luxury and that luxury ; this indulgence and that, and the
delight arising from doing practical good by redeeming their
benighted fellow men from ignorance and sin, to virtue and
salvation. He remembered reading in a periodical of the
last century, of a young man who had lea a profligate and
extravagant life, being brought to a sense of his folly, and a
determination to amend, by seeing a correct statement of
his expenditure. In one column was written down all that
he had expended in dress, in indulgence and in frivolity. In
the opposite column there was but one item, and that was a
sum he had been induced to give for a benevolent purpose
on the persuasion of a.pious and generous friend. From this
he saw how much he had devoted to self, and how much to
his fellow-creatures; and the feeling that he had done so little
to others, led him to adopt a new, and to himself, more gra-
tifying course of life. Let them, too, look in like manner to
what they had done for self, and what for others ; what in-
deed for perishing millions. (Cheers.) He trusted that by
such personal review of their conduct, they would, ere many
years elapsed, find that the columns of expenditure would
change places,—the greater expenditure being for the diffusion
of the gospel of Christ ; the lesser for the gratification of
self. He trusted, that in furtherance of the objects of the
society, one of the great objects of their lives would be, to
bring those who -were in darkness, to the knowledge of the
Lord Jesus. (Much applause,)
Sir DIGBY MACKWORTH seconded the motion in a long
and interesting address. The seconding of the resolution,'
he said, had properly been entrusted to the feeblest hand.
The report, indeed, so naturally recommended itself, that it
required no eulogium on his part. There was, however, one
passage in it, •to which he desired to call their attention.
Christian truth required not the adventitious aid of elo-
quence : a simple statement of facts was alone required to
impress the mind with its importance. That, indeed, formed
the sole and proper groundwork of the missionary society,
and might be summed up in the words " Love of Christ,
and love of man for His sake." He had travelled in South-
ern India, where he had visited several missionary stations.
He was also possessed of several documents illustrative of
the total inadequacy of the Catholic as compared with the
Protestant missions in foreign lands. He had visited My-
sore, where had resided the celebrated Abbe du Bois. That
learned individual, the boast of the church to which he be-
longed, had acknowledged that after labouring twenty-seven
years, in attempting to convert the Hindoos to christianity,
he could not, he believed, lay his hand upon the head of
one of them and say that he believed him to be a true christ-
ian." The speaker here alluded to communications he had
received from intelligent individuals, relative to the despe-
rate state of religion amongst the Hindoos, particularly under
the Catholic missionaries. He had been at several stations,
at one of which he had met with Father Pennefather, who
was of a similar opinion. We had also conversed with Father
Antonio, an Italian Priest, who boasted of having made many
thousand converts. He (Sir D. Mackworth) had said to
Father Antonio that he must be an adept in the language of
the country to make so favourable an impression on the in-
habitants. He replied that he could not speak a word of the
language. How then, said he (Sir D. M.), did you contrive to
convert them ? Oh, said he, we Catholics employ the Latin
language. Well, it was enquired, how was this to be under-
stood. Our religion, (said Antonio,) strongly recommends
" charity,"—so, we gave them rice every day at our convent,
and then asked them if they would like to become members
of their community, and they all replied " Oh, yes !"
The Abbe du Bois was, he believed, a well-meaning man,
but led. astray by the pernicious influence of the religion
which he had embraced : and he believed that if Father An-
tonio had been as candid as he (du Bois) was, he would also
have admitted that he could not have laid his hand upon one

of his converts heads, and have pronounced him a true
Christian. The speaker then read an extract from a work,
relative to Catholic missions in some foreign islands. From
this it appeared that the Pope had called all the children,
stated to have been converted, his children, and that amongst
the priests sent out to conciliate these new devotees, was an

image of the Virgin Mary, finely gilded and decorated—so
that the poor inhabitants were only usssisted to exchange the
worship of Heathen idols for the worship of Christian idols.
The same idolatry still remained ; yet this was called by the
Catholics a successful system of conversion. Such conver-
sions, however, were not from ignorance and idolatry to light
and to religion. They were merely conversions from savage
idolatry to the equally false worship the invention of man,
and not to that pure faith which emanated from God. They
might tell us of conversions, but those who knew the facts
would distinguish the difference between the conversions of
the Catholics and those of the Protestants. He knew the
missionaries of the society abroad, and could vouch for their
efficiency. Their worth was testified, not only in remote
places, but at all the civil and military residencies ; and the
converts they made were converts to God. He had visited
the town of Cochin, where he had met with a missionary
named Ridsdale, who in that country had been the ho-
noured instrument of effecting numerous conversions, par-
ticularly amongst the poorer class. Amongst his converts,
in higher life, too, was the son of the late Rajah. That
youth had been baptised in company with a Brahmin, who
had also been converted, a man of excellent character, with
whom he (the speaker) had been acquainted for twenty-
three years, and who had been named John Ananthar.
This man had, after the ceremony, been invited to dine on
board of a British ship, the officers and crew were so much
struck by his conversation and conduct, that a moral revolu-
tion took place on board of the ship. He read an extract
from an original letter from this excellent individual, relating,
in the most feeling language, to the death of a young lady.
Think, said the speaker, of such language from the lips of a
poor Brahmin. That man was no RICE Christian, but a true
believer. (Cheers.) He had given up a large property ; and
his tribe had even got up a funeral procession to show that
he was dead to his family and to his country, to his friends
and to his religion ! His conduct, however, had been such,
that it was intended to propose him as a clergyman of the
Church of England, so soon as the bishop in that country
thought such a step expedient. He next adverted to the son
of the Rajah of Cochin, who had, since his conversion, gone
to study in the district school. He hoped and trusted that
that promising youth would be supported by the society, as the
small sum of about £2O a-year would maintain and educate
him ; and what a glorious thing it would be that such a youth
should go back to teach Christianity in his own country,
where his presence could not fail to make a most salutary im-
pression. (Cheers.) He had now, he trusted, made good
what he had set out with,—namely that the Church of Rome
- had not, and never could become successful in pushing the
spread of Christianity, while the Protestant Church had
every where gone on prosperously, the doctrines she incul-
cated being those of true religion. Their dearly-beloved
Chancellor had stated that he took the £70,000 a-year given
by this country for the support of the society, as only a tithe
of what ought to be given. He (Sir R. W.) only hoped that
their Christian friends in Liverpool, would become as liberal
in the promotion of religion as they were of commerce ; and
that ere long their £2OOO would become £20,000. (Cheers.)
He had asked many parties who had contributed to this glo-
rious cause, whether they bad ever, from the extent of their
bounty, suffered any privations of enjoyment therefrom
which they regretted ; and their invariable answer had been
eyer the same—that they had not ; but on the contrary, had
experienced high gratification in the reflection that they had
contributed to the temporal and spiritual welfare of their less
fortunate fellow-creatures. (Loud cheers.)
The motion was then put and carried.
THOMAS B. HORSFALL, Esq., said he had much pleasure
in proposing the next resolution. Of all the societies that
had yet laid claim to public support, whether as regarded
Christian love or Christian zeal, not one, he conceived, was
so worthy as that, the interests of which they had that night
met to promote. If they looked, indeed, to ,the amount of
good that it had already accomplished, and to that which it
was so admirably calculated to achieve, rather than congra-
tulate themselves on the amount they had already subscribed
towards it, they should express surprise that that amount
was not greater, and, considering the blessings poured upon
this land, they must regret that there were amongst them
':those who refused even the crumbs that fell from their
table. (Hear, hear.) It had been remarked that the
amount of the general funds of the society had somewhat
decreased, though the Liverpool collection had increased.
It was remarkable, with reference to Liverpool, that York,
with only 30,000 inhabitants, contributed more than this
town, with her 200,000. If they looked to poor benighted
Africa, they would find an ample field for the further exertion
of their benevolence. England had, indeed, been the first to
do away with negro slavery, yet he felt assured, that, in spite
of all her legislative enactments on the subject, that nefarious
trade would still be carried on until gospel light be more
generally diffused. He would but allude to South Australia.
We derived a large portion of our commerce from that rapidly
rising country ; our ships were sent out richly laden ; but
little or nothing was done to promote gospel missions.
Last year one of the most devoted of their friends was ap-
pointed Governor of that colony ; and it must be a great satis-
faction to all missionaries proceeding thither to have the
countenauce and support of a man who had proved himself
worthy of the name of a friend, a protector, and a father of
all in the colony. That General, on receiving some mis-
sionaries, had concluded by an affecting appeal to the natives
to fear God, and lead virtuous lives, loving one another ; but
the native Interpreter had stated that he knew of no words
that could convey to them his Excellency's kind exhortation.
(Cheers.) He moved the resolution.
Mr. BOYD, of Londonderry, said, that the resolution that
had just been read, divided itself into two important branches.
It inculcated a spirit of the purest benevolence, and it ex-
pressed regret that England, as a nation, did not more de-

cidedly recognize the duty of endeavouring to introduce the
blessings of Christianity throughout her numerous colonial
dependencies. It appeared, that in the good cause in which
they had embarked, the efforts of private individuals had
been abundantly repaid ; but this was not enough ; the cause
ought to be supported, not individually only, but nationally.
It was a proud thing, that this little island, hanging, as it
were a speck in the occean, should possess so much influence
throughout the habitable globe. It was a proud thing to
behold her gallant ships sailing from her every port, to com-
mand the commerce of the world. The time was when it was
otherwise. Some centuries ago, what now characterizes
the pagan and the idolater, characterized the inhabitants of
this isle. Ignorance, and consequently weakness then went
hand in hand ; and a small band of needy adventurers who
might land upon the coast, were suffered to plant their
standard, and commence their predatory incursions. The
people, few and powerless, might thus have been trampled
upon by foreign invaders. But the moment she be-
came possessed of her colonial dependencies, she be-
came powerful at home and influential abroad. When
that highly-gifted woman, Queen Elizabeth, assumed
the reins of government (cheers), the country was re-
deemed by 'the pursuits of commerce and navigation. At
that time few of the most powerful states of Europe took the
field, and the struggle was for ascendancy. So grasping,
indeed, were Spain and Portugal, that they formed a treaty
by which all lands discovered to the south of the Canaries
should belong to Spain, and all to the north to Portugal.
This treaty was sanctioned by the Pope. England then
became strengthened by her colonies and her chivalry, and
her success in one proud battle obtained an ascendancy
which she never afterwards lost. (Cheers.) It was not
then seen or appreciated that the Protestant religion
was established, by the blessing of God, by these events.
The struggle, indeed, was for religion, and the triumph
was ours. (Hear.) Had Spain and Portugal succeeded,
our vast territories abroad would have been wrested from
us ; our industry would have -been wrested and our Protes-
tantism subserved. It was this God who directed the tri-
umph. She had now immense possessions all over the globe.
She had a territory in India, peopled by 120 millions of souls.
She possessed the Southern extremity of Africa, the key to
the Indian seas. She had also Malta and Gibraltar as keys
to the shores of the Mediterranean. These possessions would
enable them to disseminate the gospel of peace over a vast cir-
cuitof the habitable globe. Inthe west their possessions were
also extensive. They had the Canadas, the West India Islands.'
God had given them these possessions, and the wealth they dif-
fused; and it behoved them to repay the debt thus incurred,by
diffusing the gospel of truth. We had not done this. We
had left India nearly in the state in which we had found her,
with but three bishops and seventy-six chaplains, to minister
to millions. In other parts of our possessions we had been
equally remiss. What had been done in Canada ? The
scanty pittance of the clergy had been withdrawn by govern-
ment, so that thousands were to pine and perish for want of
the bread of life. If the Lord gave to them the milk or the
oil, and the gold and the silver, that were in the land, it was
on condition that they snould disseminate the religion of
Christ in these lands. (Hear, hear.) Our own island was
merely the metropolis of our extensive empire. It was the
heart, indeed, but there 'were many dependent members.
It was their duty as Christians to obey the commands of God
by diffusing the gospel. Even if the government of the
country did not act as they ought in that respect, it was
the duty of the people to do so : they drew many of their re-
sources from these countries ; and they ought to pay them
back by giving them the blessings of true religion. He con-
sidered that England had a right to choose her own peculiar
religion; and that the same religion should be established
throughout the colonies. It was but a timid and irrational
argument against this position to say that the colonist a part
of them had prejudices to be conciliated. Christ did not preach
such a doctrine. It was not thus he instructed Paulto go forth
and preach the gospel. He then related an amusing anecdote
of the firm manner in which some British officers had re=
sisted the fanaticism of some Brahmins, and gained their
point. He also gave a painful narrative of the guilty ac-
quiescence of some British residents in India in the immola-
tion of a Hindoo widow, and concluded by saying that the
constitution of England was based upon Christianity, and
recognized no such thing as the toleration of any idolatrous
worship. In the language which Christ, were he on earth,
would use, he wouid say, " Britons, go forth, and teach the
gospel to every people." (Applause.)
The Rev. Mr. WHITE moved the third resolution. He
begged to congratulate all present on the highly-respectable
character of the meeting. He had recently attended many
meetings, but none that induced him so much as the present
to regret that they had not an Exeter Hall, in which to
accommodate all who would have attended. He begged to
offer his thanks (by the way) to the originators of the
St. George's Hall, for he thought its erection would
mark a threefold increase in their society. The rev. gen-
tleman alluded to the magnificence of our streets and docks,
and the general wealth ; and called upon the wealthy to come
forward in support of the propagation of the gospel ; for all
that they enjoyed came through the blessing of God. He
should leave the Catholics in the hands of his rev. friend
who should sued him, who he doubted not would give
them a broad-sine. He had no fear, notwithstanding
their enemies, of the safety and final triumph of the Church
of England. God would not forget her, but would throw
his shield around her. By a long, a strong pull, and a pull
altogether, they would accomplish all that was desired; and
that church would yet rise up in the majesty of her strength,
the ambassadress of the gospel of Christ throughout the
world. Popery, indeed, differed from all other religions.
All others, though extinct—Greek, Coptic, or Armenian,
acknowledged the word of God. Popery denied it, and
there was, therefore, nothing left for it but destruction.—
He now begged to revert to what had been stated respecting
the finances of the society, and it was a matter of congratu-
lation to this meeting that, although there had been a falling
off in their funds, there had been no defalcation on the part
of Liverpool, for they had assisted to make it up by a sub-
scription of £350; he was also happy to say that the society
had some new patrons in the Bishop of Madras and two
other prelates. It was also exceedingly gratifying to learn
that the Bishop of London, who examined all the society's
candidates for 'ordination, found them better prepared than
the generality of candidates who offered themselves for the
sacred office. The society had new calls upon them fro'rn
all parts of the globe,—from Carthage, New Zeiland, and
other places. He would mention a few facti'as' regarded
New Zealand, when one of their chiefs first beheld a man oh
horseback he really imagined they were one_ animal, and .
could not be convinced to the contrary ; and when be first
beheld a cow in the field eating grass, he began feeling at her
horns and all over her head in order to find out her mouth.
The New Zealenders were an interesting race, and a race
which occupied greatly the attention of the society. He (the
rev. speaker) would just give them a specimen of their
poetry. One of their maxims was, that theft could not go
unpunished, and was sure to be found out ; for if man, could
not discover it, their God would—for He knew every thing,
and nothing could possibly be hid from him. This was
what he called poetry, the poetry of the heart. On an occa-
sion, too, of the death of a chief, they assembled together on
the appearance of the evening star, and chaunted the follow-
ing dirge :—" The sun is set ; our chief is dead ; how shall
the sun rise again, 'now OUR SUN is set?" This, too, was
poetry ; it spoke to the feelings of the heart. But it was
lamentable that the majority of the New Zealanders were
set in hostile array against Christianity ; yet there was an
instance of a recent occurrence of a New Zealand chief dying
a good, sincere Christian,•and in his last moments relying on
the merits, and c Ming on the name of Christ, and trusting
on him for salvation. (Hear, hear.) The rev. gentleman
then went on to say, that it had been his happiness to enter-
tain a New Zealand chief in London to breakfast, and a more
intelligent and amiable man he had never been in company
with ; and notwithstanding he was tattooed and copper-
coloured, he could assure the meeting he was quite a ladies'
man. (Laughter from the ladies.) He was converted to
Christianity by the Wesleyan Missionaries, but on a further
consideration, he was induced to join the Church of Eng-
land ; so that the meeting would perceive their labours were
not entirely thrown away. He would now read to the meet-
ing a letter which had been put in his hands since he came
into the room ; it contained a card curiously cut, in which
were put three sovereigns, half a sovereign, and sixpence,
and it came from the St. Paul's Church Sunday School; the
letter ran thus :
" Be pleased to give the enclosed to the treasurer of the
society of the Church of England Missionary Society, being
the amount collected by the children of St. Paul's Church
Sunday School. The children and teachers request me to
ask you to visit them on some Lord's day afternoon, to tell
them what the missionaries are doing abroad.
(Signed) " T. C. JONES."
The rev. gentleman next related a very laughable anecdote
of a west Lancashire farmer, who was so zealous in the cause
of the Church Foreign Missionary Society, that he was de-
termined to have a missionary box of his own, but he was
at a loss how to contrive, for his snuff-box was too small,
and his coal-box too large for the occasion, and he at length
hit on the happy expedient of converting the horn of an ox
into the purpose, which he was determined should serve for
the occasion. He had heard of the poetry of Chaucer, and
other eminent poets, but he know not whether this was the
effusion or not, at any rate they should hear of the poetry
placed by the farmer on the box, it was this—
The horn of the ox
Is now a missionary box."
(Immense laughter.) Well, the meeting was now in ex-
cellent humour, and he would not detain them long, in con-
elusion, therefore, he would w ish them " silvery good night,"
and, in doing so, he would explain to them what he meant.
A clergyman had once been addressing a meeting similar to
the present, and concluded with the above-named kindly
wish. To his great surprise, he was waited on early next
morning by a. person who was entirely unknown to him : the
stranger, after being very importunate for an interview, was
at length shewn into the library, when the clergyman de-
manded his business. " Sir," said the unknown, I come
to tell you that I could not rest last night, and all my endea-
vours to procure repose were fruitless." " Well, my worthy
friend," was the rejoinder, " how am I to help that ?"
" Why, sir," said the stranger, " I last night attended a
missionary meeting, where you made a speech, and wished
us all a very good night ; but unfortunately I only. put a
shilling into the box, and I could not get any rest, notwith-
standing your good wishes ; so I have now brought you a
sovereign." (Cries of " Hear, hear !" and great laughter.)
Now, my friends, (continued the rev. speaker.) I would
recommend you all, instead of disturbing Mr. M`Neile and
Mr. Carpenter early to-morrow morning, to give your sove-
reigns to-night, to embrace the present opportunity, and be
liberal ; therefore, I shall confidently wish you all " Good
night !''
The Rev. F. CLOSE (of Cheltenham) rose to second the
reslution, in doing which the rev. gentlemen complained of
the great disadvantage in which he laboured under. In the
first place, he had to speak after an Irishman, who had the
happy nack of saying so much on the subject, that he had
driven everything out of his head which he had intended to
say ; and his friend in the second place had • really dwelt so
long and so eloquently on the occasion, that he had actually
left him nothing behind. Thus then he laboured under a
double disadvantage ; so that, in fact, all he had to do was
merely to put on his night-cap. (Laughter.) He had also
to make a great complaint against one of the clergymen of
Liverpool. It had been his good fortune to hear him deliver
a most excellent speech of two hours and a half duration, in
Cheltenham, in a room of much larger dimensions than the
present one, and the /meeting was more fully attended than
the highly respectable and very numerous one he had now the
happiness to address—he meant the Rev. Hugh M`Neile.
(Loud and long continued cheering.) This reverend gentle-
man, whom he fully expected to see, and have the pleasure
of meeting on this occasion, at Liverpool, has thought
proper to run off to London. (Laughter.) But, I hope, con-
tinued the speaker, we shall yet have the happiness to see him
amongst you to-morrow evening. (Applause.) There is,
also, the Rev. Mr. Stewart, of St. Bride's, Church, whom
I am also disappointed of seeing this evening, and who
could have given this meeting much valuable informa-
tion on the subject of our foreign missionaries, but who
is unavoidably absent, so that notwitstanding the hints
which I have received from my friends around me, I
claim the time which they would both have occupied in
addressing you. (Laughter, in which the rev. gentleman
heartily and good-naturedly joined.) Now, as regarded the
resolution, it spoke of, and alluded to the great increase and
rapid strides of popery ; it was no longer contented with
rearing its head in our own land, but had helped to kindle
the flames of rebellion in Canada, and was making great
progress in all quarters of the known globe. They had
heard of it in India, and even in the north-western parts of
America the popish priests were actively and zealously em-
ployed,—so that unless the Foreign Missionary Society
evinced a corresponding zeal and diligence in sending, out
Protestant missionaries, the religion of the priest would be-
come predominant, and the labour and time of the society
would be thrown away. In N. South Wales they are busy in
making proselytes ; in New Holland it was the same ; and in
Abyssinia the missionaries of the society were absoldtely driven
away by two popish priests, for after the arrival they made
such artful insinuations to the King, and otherwise ingratiated

themselves with the authorities and the inhabitants, that the
Protestant missionaries were ordered to quit the kingdom
within forty-eight hours' notice. He would not detain the
meeting by alluding to the 'growth that popery was Making in
Malta and other ports, he would, therefore, leave it for the
present, and speak of another enemy of the Protestant church,
and which was generally the ally and friend of popery, and
was entirely blended with it, he meant infidelity, he Pas
greatly- mistaken if they were not so blended together, that
the one was the support of the other ; and as a confirma-
tion he need only instance the case of India. It was not a
little reniarkable that the plan which was :pursued in the
schools of Liverpool has also been acted upon in the city of
Calcutta, the Government of which has withdrawn their sup-
port from the schools of the established church, , and the
neutral schools where the children are educated, which
answers to the Corporation Schools of this town, an idol
is to be found in the form of a poor elephant, which the
children worship after this manner, " You ugly cub of an
elephant, hear our prayer," which was, in his opinion, the
same as the Popish prayer of " Holy Mother of God, hear
our prayer." In the Sandwich Islands the Popish emisaries
requested the King's permission to teach the people their
religion. The King requested two days to consider of
the request, and when they waited on him for his deter-
mination, he replied, " your religion is so like the old
religion just given up, that we will not trouble you to come
amongst us." Infidel books, and vile publications, he la-
mented to say were, distributed with a liberal hand, and
circulated by our countrymen in all our colonial possessions
abroad, and unless these were counteracted by the pub-
lications of the Church of England, so that the inhabit-
ants might receive an education based on the principles of
the church, the poison instilled would deeply take root, and
the consequence would 'be truly awful. It had been said
that the foreign Missionary Society would never do any
good, if they meddled with the superstitious rites of
the Indians, and that they must not interfere with
the burnings of the Hindoos, for if they did so, our
Indian possessions would not be worth six months purchase,
but no sooner had the British Government determined to put
a stop to the immolations, than the widows themselves were

the first to rejoice, and resolved not to sacrifice themselves
to the pile of their husbands. And he knew from very good
authority, and from information which could be relied
on, that the Hindoos do not pay a voluntary sacrifice
to their God Juggernaut. (Hear.) They are pressed men,
and are forced to go. When the season arrives for the drag-
ging of the idol in procession, the head man of the village is
obliged to find a certain number of men to sacrifice under
the ponderous wheels of the idol god, and if hefails to com-
ply with the request, and cannot find his quota, he is pub-
licly whipped. But at length the British- government has
issued a tart' order that no Hindoo shall drag the idol, but
yet they do not say the idol shall not be dragged ; and the
interested Brahmin still finds the means of sending victims
to the shrine of Juggernaut. Even the British officers
were compelled to assist in erecting temples to the Hindoo
gods. He had received a letter from a British officer, in
which he states that he had been ordered to design,
.build,
and erect an Hindoo temple ; but rather than submit, he
had petitioned to resign his situation, and he was highly fa-
voured, for he was removed to another station. The rev. gent.
then went into a long detail of the heathen worship, and sa-
crifices of the Hindoos and various castes of the Brahmins, and
gave a long account of their rites and ceremonies. He next ob-
served, that it was a pleasing circumstance that the Church
Missionary Society had introduced the prayer-book, and had
it translated into various different languages, where thnarti-
des, homilies, and liturgy of the Church of England were
in use. (Great cheering.) He had heard much of a . bible
Christian, of bible Christians he knew little, but if they
would tell him of a Church of England Christian,_ then he
knew what sort of a Christian he was, for the Church of
England is founded and based upon the Christian dispensa-
tion of the New Testament, and the plan which they pursued
was to circulate, not only the Bible, but the Prayer-book,for
they don't propagate their gospel like the Catholic priest, in
an unknown tongue. One interesting circumstance he would
relate to the meeting that the Bishop of Calcutta amongst
other bishops had now hecome the warm supporter and pa-
tron of the Church Missionary Society,—and also the new
Bishop of Madras when he was first appointed his lordship
did not feel much interested in the success of their missions,
but he was happy to say he now warmly supported the so-
ciety, and consented to ,become their pretudent,:.ahroad.
The Rev. gentleman also spoke in very high te ring, and
passed a warm eulogitun on the present Bishop of Calcutta,
whs, previous to his appointment, had passed much of his
time in Cheltenham, and usually attended themonthly mis-
sionary prayer meetings in his parish, which were as numer-
ously attended, if not more, than the present assembly of
this evening—he believed it was even more crowded. And
here he would take the opportunity of recommending to this
meeting, and more particularly to the clergy of Liverpool, to
establish monthly prayer meetings in connection with. the
Church Missionary Society, and he was sure they would
soon experience the most happy and beneficial results. At
the monthly prayer-meetings of Cheltenham. the present
Bishop of Calcutta had often been an attendant; he had
therefore taken the liberty of asking the Bishop to grant
him one request, which was, that on his arrival, he
would be kind enough to write him' word as to the suc-
cess of the Church Missions. His Lordship kindly com-
plied, and amongst other interesting information' had fur-
nished him withthe following particulars :—A young Brahmin,
of very high caste, and possessing no less a fortune than a lac
of rupees, had through the agents of the Church Missionary
Society, become a convert to Christianity.. His uncle ob-
served a great change in his mind, and that he was always
reading the Gospel, he therefore took his prayer-book from
him, and tore it to, pieces. This- so afflicted the young
Brahmin, that for two whole days he could not be prevailed
upon even to taste bread ; but he resolved to forsake his
caste, his fortune, and, his friends, and he has now become a
member of the Church of England. He had no doubt .but
the meeting had heard of a . most extraordinary sermon,
which was delivered at Ake Missionary Church at Calcutta,
by a Brahmin of n very 'high caste, the occasion and subject
of which .was Or conversion of another Brahmin, also of high
•etigte.- 'He; the `ievl: speaker, was old enough to remember
tlsertAmeffleett,„itv7s. said, you. cannot convert a Brahmin ;
re,tlptxtysigtsi.'4BB4 eisa, and :spend your time with them,
likSONttlijr VssiOehe .iii vain, and you cannot convert
Afatiglion if* rei,chti4tianitY:.; hut:we have no* not only
iivaecevnAieir 'being able to convert the Briatniin,:bu,t
silsci pf, tlietr being exemplary members of . the 'Church of
_England_ - Mr- Close next adverted. to the Atatti-of the gospel
in .`finniveller, sit :Indian station, of which the society
formerly had not been a little- proud, -and spoke at- some
length of the conduct of Mr. Reifies, who had relapsed,
and had done the society some injury, and at 'length went
so far as to become an opposition missionary. It had pleased
the Almighty, however, to remove him by death, and directly
the society had heard of the circumstance, although. Mr: 11.
had forfeited all claim
_upon them, the first act of the cbeis-
nsittee in London, was to sit down araVote thepension to his
widow. And lie was happy to say, the mission atTinnevelley
was now in a more spiritual, happy, healthy, prosperous,
and good state than at any previtius period of its existence.
It now wants (said the rev. gentleman) only ten minutes to
I 0 o'clock, and therefore I will not detain the meeting-much
longer, and will consequently postpone several otherstate-
ments of missions for to-morrow evening and other op -
tunities. But before he would conclude,- he would wi -to
op
stir up the feelings of this meeting so as to make them follow
the example set at the different churches on Sunday, which
had doubled their subscriptions, and he therefore hoped they
would do the same to-night, it would do them no harm, but
would do the funds a great deal of good ; and they had all
heard
.by the report,Alie state in which those
,fands were
in—they were twenty thousand pounds deficient, and if the
friends of the Church did not make greater exertions,
sonic of the Missionary stations must be given .
,up.
But he confessed he' saw no cause for desponding. Spme of
their friends might think the society rich enough,. bit that
they knew was not the fact. Some might wish to.give a little
more Money' than they had about them. Now he had no
doubt they were all in good credit with the new secre-
tary ' • they could take a. little bit of paper and give. a
banker's order ; there were a great many ways of turning
paper' into nioney, and that would be a nice and ready
way. In his own parish (Cheltenham) at the anniversaey
meetings of this kind for the last two years, a . little
bit of paper had been handed to him, containing Os., with
this motto, " The, sweepings of the milliners' shop,". He
had taken some paieS to ascertain from whom this humble
tribute came, but lie had as yet been unsuccessful ; but he
believed it was a perquisite of the pieces of trimmings, .&c.,
which were cut to waste ; for they were very large manufac-
turing in this line of business at Cheltenham. (Laughter.)
There were two other contributions which he must not fail
to mention, as it might stimulate others to follow so good an
example :—A poor, labouring man had given the profits of
one day's labour every month ou behalf of the society ~ the
other was that of a little tradesman who gave a similar dona-
tion. One poor man was asked to give something to the
funds. " Why," replied he, " I would willingly do so, but
I have nothing to give." " Give your pipe," was the reply ;
why I did not think of that,—sand from that moment the
threepence which he spent in tobacco, he for the future con-
tributed to the missionary cause. Now, he must say, if a
few of our exquisites who annoy us in the streets by the
fumes of their cigars, if these gentlemen would lay aside this
elegant accomplishment—(cheers)—how much would their
funds be increased, and how rich would their society become,
The meeting would allow him, perhaps, to go. one step fur-
ther ; the box is now going round, and he hoped all would
put something in it. He would just relate one instance more,
that of Gloucester ; they had actually got a missionary pill
box. (Great laughter.) Ile thought it was an eicellent con-
trivance •, and as Doctor Morison had got rich. by the-sale
of his pills, he did not see there was any harm.in-their trying
the same experiment, (Coetjuued laughter.),, The ne,capArt
of the pill-box was thisie lady, . who svaa,a greet- friend
to the Church MissiOnaty SocietY, 'had, -a ;Very .eXcellerit
prescription for pills, and these 140•Afie,,:aota.- for, • the
benefit of the Church, Missie Wes sessgels and Although
the effect of the pllli was -"goo 5.. m.. one sense, be
could not say what might be tigsfel effect 'in another
manner. (Immense laughter:) But this he would say, that
the next new edition which the popish priest,might publish 4
the Society of Heretics, as they are pleased, te term us, when
speaking'of our missionary trees and bashes , and our other
contrivances, they Might now 'add, they,lsaye now absolutely
manufactured-a new missionary Pill boss--(renewed laughter)
—he was sorry to detain them so longs. the boxes were now
going round, and lie.liopertthey would be liberal donors. He
had much pleasure in seconding the motion. •
The boxes were now sent round the room, during which the
Secretary gave out a hymn, which was sung by the meeting.
The Rev. Dr. TATTERSH ALL, in moving the next resolu-
tion, said, at this late hour it would ill become him to detain
them later ; he should therefore content himself with moving
the resolution, which was seconded by the Rev. Mr. Bates.
A vote of thanks was then given to the Chairman, who
. I briefly returned thanks, and the meeting separated.
so

We beg to direct the attention of ourreaders to the speeches
at the anniversary meeting of the Liverpool Auxiliary of the
Church Missionary Society, which will amply repay a careful
perusal. We are glad to find that the collections in the va-
rious churches on Sunday last greatly exceeded those of the
preceding year, and in one instance, the amount was double
that of the previous collection.

TRIBUTE or RESPECT TO .THE REV. F. Foam, M.A.—
The former congregation of this gentleman, lately the rector
of Church Lawton, Cheshire, a few days back, presented him
with a most flattering mark of their appreciation of his per-
formance of his pastoral charge while.they were included in
his care. On Monday week, a deputation numbering the
following gentlemen—R. Wilbraham, Esq. of Rode Hall, R.
Wilbraham, Esq. Jun. the Rev. E. Wilson, Mr. J. Pedley,
Mr. Kirby, and Mr. J. Taylor, proceeded to Abbey Field,
where the rev. gentleman and family are at present staying.
The presentation of the tribute (a superb tea and coffee ser-
vice of plate) was undertaken by R. Wilbraham, Esg who
prefaced it by an apppropriate and gentlemanly
Ford's reply was characterized by good taste, and the com-
pany were deeply touched by some parts of it, and the more
so as it bore on the sad visitation the rev. gentleman had. ex-
perienced in the bereavement of his gallant relative, Colonel
Ford. .The deputation afterwards partook of a cold collation
provided by Charles Ford, Esq. The articles composing the
service are most recherche in their workmanship. The fol-
lowing is a copy of the inscription :—" Presented to the Rev.
F. Ford, M.X. Rector of Church Lawton, Cheshire, by his
congregation, as a parting memorial of their esteem and af-
fection for his labors among them during a ministry ofseven
years, A.D. 1839." The frequency of such testimonials-of
respect to the ministers of the Established Church, is a gra-
tifying proof of the worthiness of the labourers in the vine-
yard of Christ, and of the confidence and good feeling with
which their exertions in the cause of salvation inspire their
aUditors.
.It is a curious coincidence that Sir Robert Peel resigned
on the 7th of April, 1835, and Lord John Itumell ort the 7th
of May, 1839.
• -
