THEATRE-ROYAL, LIVERPOOL.

For the BENEFIT of Mr. MACKAY, and the Last Night

of his Engagement.

Fifth Night of Mr COOPER.
THIS present FRIDAY, September 21, 1838, will be
performed Morton's Drama of

TOWN AND COUNTRY.
Reuben Glenroy Mr. Cooper.
Peter Trot Mr. Mackay
Rev. Owen Glenroy Mr. Gray.
Captain Glenroy Mr. W. Howard.
Coley Mr. Raker I Plastic Mr. Chaplin.
Honourable Mrs. Glenrov ..Miss Cleaver.
Rosalie Miss Faucit.
Mrs. Trot.... Mrs. Clarke I Taffiine ....Miss Grant.
After which, an Interlude, from St. Roman's Well, called
THE CLEIKUM INN.
Mrs. Margaret Dodds ..(the Landlady)..Mr. Mackay,
14 which character he will sing "There cam' a young Man
to my Daddie's Door."
To conclude with a new Farce, never acted here, called the

TWA GiIAiSTS.
Donald Mr. Mackay,
Spout Mr. Baker.

Jenny Mrs. 'Pellet.
Cu RATURDA-Y, the Tragedy of OTHELLO. Othello,
r . Cooper; lago, Mr. Stuart ; Cassio, Mr. W. Howard ;
R?derigo, Mr. Chaplin; Desdernona, Miss Faucit; Emilia,
Mug Cleaver. To conclude with the Comic Pantomime of
HARLEQUIN IN SICILY. Harlequin, Mr. J. Ridg-
l'aY; Clown, Mr. T. Ridgway; Pantaloon, Mr. Jonas;
Columbine, Mrs. J. Ridgway.
MORRIS BARN grr, of the St. James' Theatre,
London, is engaged for FIVE NIGHTS, and will make his
first appearance this season, on MONDAY next, in his
Popular character of MONSIEUR JACQUES.

THEATRE-ROYAL.

FOR THE BENEFIT OF MR. W. H. BLAND.

iglath Night of Mr. COOPER, of the Theatre-Royal,
Drury. lane.
Third Night of Mr. MORRIS BARNETT, of the St.
James's Theatre.
()N WEDNESDAY next, the 28th instant, when will
be performed Lord Byron's Tragedy of
\V E RN E
Gabor
Werner.... (first time) ....Mr. Stuart.
Mr. W. H. Bland. Josephine .... Miss Cleaver.
I
Idonstein

SINGING AND DANCING.
To conclude with a new Farce (never acted here) called

THE STATION HOUSE.
Millefteurs....(a Frenchman) Mr. M. Barnett.
Tickets to be had of Mr. BLAND, 32, Hawke-street,
Brownlow-hill, and at the Box-office.

TO CORRESPONDENTS.

The letter of "Benjamin Stokes" cannot be inserted--it
should have been addressed to the Editor of this paper.
It is left at our publisher's.

Zbe iLibtrpool ,Stantiarb.

FRIDAY MORNING, SEP7'. 21, 1838.

o:7' The Publication of the STANDARD commenced this
morning at 5 o'clock.

Tint WEST INDIES.—By her Majesty's packet Pan
der; which arrived at Falmouth on the 15th instant,
we have received advices and papers from the West
Indies to the 25th ultimo. The dates reach down to
the 16th ult. from Jamaica, to the 11th from Barba-
does, to the 25th from St. Thomas', and to the 27th of
July from Demerara. The only news of importance
brought by this packet is, the account of the final
emancipation of the apprentices on the Ist of August.
This event, which has been the cause of the most in-
tense anxiety among all persons interested in the
Waits of our West Indian colonies, seems to have
Passed off satisfactorily on the whole. We are con•
cerned to add that Jamaica, the most important island
of all, forms an exception to this statement.
From the very contradictory reports contained in
the Papers which have reached us we find it extremely
difficult to give any thing like an impartial statement
of facts relating to the abrogation of the apprentice-
ship. These journals, advocating as they do different
and, at the same time, conflicting interests, treat of the
subject in such exaggerated terms, that we can adopt
no better plan than that of submitting to our readers
such extracts as seem to us most faithful and dispas-
sionate, without any reference to their political bear-
ing. From Jamaica we have received a private com-
munication, in which the conduct of the Governor, the
stipendiary magistrates, and the Baptist missionaries
is very strongly impugned. We are likewise informed
that the negroes on many estates had refused to work
at all, insisting upon a much higher rate of wages
than could possibly be afforded by the planters. In
this determination they were chiefly encouraged by
the Baptist missionaries, among whom we learn that
the Rev. Mr. Knibb is an active agitator. This gen-
tleman holds out a threat that, unless his extravagant
demands are forthwith complied with, he will come
over to England to procure a redress of the "wrongs"
Under which he asserts the negroes are suffering. We
have repeatedly expressed our conviction that the abo-
litionists would not rest satisfied with the mere anni-
hilation of slavery in the West Indies. Recent events
belie strengthened this impression. We have every
reason for believing that a fresh series of annoyances
and acts of persecution will be commenced against the
Planters, who have been already brought to the verge
of ruin by the aggressive proceedings of those who
assume to themselves the character of " friends of the
eegro," There is even, reason to apprehend that the
enactment of a code of sumptuary laws, to regulate
the wages of the negroes, will be one of the first ob-
jects which these parties will seek to accomplish. The
unreasonableness of such a proposition, however, is so
eeltevident, and its gross injustice so glaring, that we
trust the legislature of Great Britain will never con-
lent to its becoming a law. What would be thought
of an attempt to interfere in like manner between em-
PlOyers and workmen in this country? Would it not
be pronounced at once an act of the most insane ty-
ranny ? Would it not be scouted by every rational
subject ? Yet such is the plan which the Baptist mis-
sionaries and other incendiaries in the island of Ja.
Inkica have distinctly avowed their intention of carry•
itle into effect. In advocating a high rate of wages,
and advising the negroes to desist from working until
these demands are complied with, the negro must ne-
eessarily be the greater sufferer. Indeed, the condi-
tion of the negro, in every respect, is now much worse
tokn it was under the apprenticeship, when they were
Coder no degree of anxiety as to the maintenance of
themselves and their families. Many of them have
been already compelled to acknowledge that this is the
ease- Respecting the motives of the agitators who
Ire slow endeavouring to influence them it is painful
t° 'Teak plainly. The dissenting ministers in Ja-
11aiea have been hitherto very liberally supported by
the negroes, who, unless rewarded by a much higher
ratei of wages than is justified by the circumstances of
the Planters, cannot contribute so largely towards the
maintenance of these individuals. Thus, we are con-
fidently informed by several of the journals which we
have received, is the secret motive which prompts
ibenl to exact for the negroes an extravagant remune-
ration fur their labours.
One of the most serious evils apprehended as a con-
negaence of the complete emancipation of the negroes
i the "squatting" system." It is feared that govern-
ment may be prevailed upon to grant large portions of
the uninclosed lands, especially in Jamaica, to be cul-
tivated by the negroes. This would inevitably lead
to the ruin of the planters, as it is well known that the
indolent habits of the negroes would lead them to pre-
fer the culture of a plot of land sufficient for their own
maintenance to the task of labouring for the joint be-
nefit of the planter. In a climate so favourable as that
of th. West Indies, blessed with a soil so spontane-
ously prolific, it would require very little exertion on
eNM of the negroes to satisfy their own wants.
Thisi
is abundantly proved by the example of St. Do-
illing°, where the inhabitants are proverbially idle.
T° the subdivision of properties after the system of
eri in
" Cottage Allotment" plan, so extensively adopt-
,' n several parts of England, we do not see any
efound
formidable objection. This system has been
eminently successful in this country, and we
have no doubt that it might be introduced into the
est Indies with very great advantage to both the
ttPPlaters and their labourers, if the latter should give
the their preference. In England it has conduced to
leas improvement of the soil in a very high degree. It
Stl 0 tended to raise the character of the labouring
Population, by presenting a stimulus to increased dili-
gence : whilst the landlords who have patronised the
system have realised a larger income from their es-
tates than if let in large farms. Another great bene-
fit which has accrued from this plan is, the striking
diminution of the poor-rates in those districts into which
it has been introduced. This system, we confidently
believe, might be safely and advantageously intro-
duced into the West Indies, under such regulations
as would ensure the interest of the holder of the soil.
Indeed, we gn3 that some of the planters have al-
ready determined upon its adoption. But to the plan
of "squatting upon the crown lands" we believe there
• are insuperable objections, and we sincerely trust that
the scheme may be frustrated.
Respecting the unwillingness of the negroes to

work, and the demand for a high rate of wages upon
which some of them insist, under the instructions of
their pretended friends, we find a very excellent sum-
mary of news in the Times of Tuesday last. That
journal treats of this subject in the following terms :
"Jamaica was in a state of some excitement, mote
particularly on the north side, through the disinclina-
tion of the negroes to work, and disputes with their
masters about the rate of wages to be paid in future
since the total emancipation on the Ist. A great deal
of coffee was ready for picking, but likely to be lost,
it was said, from want of hands. The strike about
wages seemed to be almost general in that district,
and some Baptist ministers were loudly accused, it
may be hoped on report only, of being the instigators
of the blacks, two of them being named as having
used very strong and exasperating languages in their
discourses, advising the negroes to "let the canes rot

upon the field, and the ships go home in ballast,"
sooner than take less than 2s. 6d. a-day ; and one of
,diem was said to have "dared his hearers to lift a hoe" I
under that sum. On the south side of the island, and
to windward, the agitation was not so conspicuous, but
there was an almost total cessation from labour. The
domestic negroes in the towns, or non-predials, were
stated to be equally indolent and ungrateful in their
demeanour towards their masters."
Respecting the otter colonies, the same journal re-
marks:—" The accounts from Barbados to the 12th
ult., and from Demerara to the 28th of July, are much
of the same tenour with respect to the discontented
and even threatening aspect of the enfranchised black
population. It had been judged expedient in Jamaica
to publish an act passed in February last for the sup-
pression of riots and seditious meetings, but not pre-
viously made known, enforcing certain penalties of
transportation where twelve or more persons should
continue assembled after due warning and reading the
act by the authorities On the question of wages, the
planters themselves appear to be greatly undecided,
and differ widely with respect to the rate of wages to
be offered. In Demerara, the wages variously pro•
posed as a standard rate range from three dollars to
eight dollars per month, with allowance as usual, or
according to a certain scale of food, lodging, clothing,
and medical assistance. In one instance a planter
proposed to pay ten dollars per month for the old scale
of nine hours daily work, with a house for each family,
as much land as could be cultivated in the extra time,
and medical attendance for every effective labourer.
Payment proportionate to be made for extra or over-
hours work, with deductions in the same ratio when-
ever the work performed shall fall short of the agree-
ment. The Trinidad papers are to the Sth of August.
The termination of the apprenticeship took place there
on the Ist, according to the decision of the council,
adverted to on a former occasion, and was celebrated,
as in the other colonies, as a day of thanksgiving.
The negroes, so far, according to the papers, had not
shown any particular spirit of insubordination. Some
animadversions are made on the conduct of the govern-
ment, which, only one week before the emancipation
was decreed, had issued a proclamation to the negroes,
enjoining obedience to the apprenticeship law until its
expiration in 1840. The general rate of wages agreed
upon in Trinidad was 3s. per day, with the usual al-
lowance of salt fish, a home, and ground for the culti-
vation of provisions. It is proper to add, however,
that private letters do not speak so favourably of the
conduct of the emancipated apprentices. " From the
Ist to the morning of the sth of August," says one of
these, " scarcely a sufficient number of persons could
be got to procure grass for the stock on some estates
at Naparima." On several estates none went to
work in the fields. Some of those removed from cocoa
to sugar cultivation were returning by gangs to their
old quarters. Many large properties were said to re-
main without labourers, and a great falling off in pro-
duction was anticipated."

" From Grenada, on the 9th and Ilth of August, it
is stated in private letters that no disposition to work
was evinced by the negroes, and that eleven days had
already been spent in idleness. These accounts it
may be hoped are somewhat exaggerated, so far as the
apprehensions expressed for the future, by the fears
and anxieties of the writers, not, under the circum-
stances, unaccountable. It may be hoped that after a
short time the excitement natural on passing from a
state of qualified slavery to one of entire freedom may
wear off, and that the exercise of good temper and
sound discretion on the pact of the planters may bring
about a more harmonious agreement about the rate of
wages and the hours of work, which will be, no doubt,
the sorest part of the subject. In several cases, where
the negroes
,had refused to work at all in Jamaica,
they still retained, and insisted on retaining, posses-
sion of their houses and grounds, under some mis-
taken notion of right. But when they shall be unde-
ceived, it is probable that, rather than quit, they will
be the more readily disposed to come to terms with
their old masteis."

The Times of Wednesday has the following further
remarks on the same subject :—" From the deep in-
terest naturally attaching to the state of the West
India colonies at the moment when the late accounts
came away, and the communication to-day of a variety
of private and confidential correspondence from several
of the islands, a recurrence to tile subject may not be
unseasonable. It may be observed, that accounts
from different islands not only differ from each other
in various particulars, but even the same difference
exists in letters written from distinct localities in the
same island. The individual character of the planters
and the more or less degree of harshness with which
the negroes have been formerly treated in their capa-
cities as slaves or apprentices must, of course, exer-
cise no inconsiderable influence upon their present
and future conduce. The mere unwillingness to set
to work in the first days of their deliverance from
bondage ought not to create surprise, much less alarm ;
in that respect they are acting only "like overgrown
children," whose school days are over, to whom holy-
days are a novelty, having become their own masters
for the first time, with no possible curb to reduce them

to working discipline but that necessity which is the
only certain inducement to industry with the people of
all countries and colours. Under the actual circum-
stances of the negoes, it would appear to be only a
question therefore of somewhat more time. Some
not-unaccountable misconceptions were current among
them, which might serve also to retard an adjustment
of working contracts, for the negroes believed that if
they went into the fields and resumed work they would
be bound in another apprenticeship for seven years.
This arose, no doubt, from the fact, vaguely under-
stood, that once having contracted with the planters
for a price and a period specified, they could be com-
pelled by summary process to fulfil the stipulation,
which, with their confined views of the nature of a
legal obligation, would naturally appear tantamount
to a re-enactment' of the apprenticeship. The conduct
of some of the masters was not of a nature calculated
to correct these rude misconceptions, or to soothe the
remains of irritation arising out of past treatment.
One of the letters from Barbados, from a party whose
bias would be with those of his own order, confesses
that a great deal of bad feeling is brought to bear
against them (the negroes) by prejudiced proprietors,
and many have turned the people out of their houses
for not working the very day after the Ist of August.
All this is bad, and detrimental to all interests, being
sufficient to disgust and annoy the mass of labourers.'
Assuredly this was not the way considerate men would
have acted at a moment when the great object should
have.been, by more than ordinary allowance for the
first moments of a pardonable enthusiasm and excite
ment, gradually to have calmed and brought down the
emancipated blacks to their ordinary habits of labour.
The writer of a sensible letter from St. Vincent's, of
the 7th August, who seems by no means inclined to
view the prospects of the planters in a very flattering
light, from various other causes, thus expresses him-
self with respect to the negroes :—‘ Theist of August,
when our population, hitherto apprentices, was de-
clared free, passed over peaceably and orderly, giving
good evidence of the very improved condition and
moral character of the negro. The price offered by
the planter, however,—viz., Is. 6d. per day, (this cur-
rency,) for all (query able?) persons, and is. Od. re-
spectively for second and third class people, with use
of house and provision grounds, and medical atten-
dance, has been rejected by Quashee as insufficient,
and at present even those estates which had come
under agreement to this effect have not been able to
induce the people to work. Combination is evident,
and some time, at all events, will ensue before matters
are adjusted. I sincerely hope the new system will
work well, but our landed proprietor has much to con-
