BETTING AT MANCHESTER,

After several weeks of heavy business upon the Doncaster
St. Leger, and some spirited speculations at the Heaton Park
meeting, we are arrived at a calm in our sporting circles; and
the only subject at present under notice is the Holywell Mile,
which is expected to produce a most interesting race. There
are already three favourites in the betting, and each upon nearly
equal terms; they are, the Queen of Trumps, Touchstone, and
Intriguer. The Queen may be said to have a trilling call over
Touchstone, but very short odds are taken about each : Intri-
guer, although not quite so good a favourite, is fancied by many,
from the circumstance of his having beaten Touchstone over
the same ground. The present offers are :

HOLYWELL MILE, P.P. ENTERED OR NOT.
2to 1 agst Queen of Trumps (tk) Btol it first Verbena
2to 1 agst Touchstone (taken) 10 to 1 agst Birdlime (tk)
3 to 1 agst Intriguer (taken) 115 to I agst Corioranus (tk)

11Am:tam—01i. the 2Gth ult., at Chalfont St. Peter's, W.
Shutt, Esq., police magistrate, to Eleanor, daughter of Mr. Ser-
geant Peakc.
Oh, what a cruel man the Beak!

He's Shutt Nel up for life to indulge a Peake!—(pique.)-- Age.
AN UNFiniTUNATE Entron.—Papers from St. John's, New-
foundland, to the 14th ultimo, have been received. A meeting
had been held for the purpose of taking into consideration the
case of Mr, Winton, editor of the Public Ledger, who had his
ears cut off by some ruffians, (who. it is said, were instigated by
other parties to this act,) for maintaining the liberty of the press
and good government. It was resolved to enter into a subscrip-
tion to support the liberty of the press, and to afford some de-
gree of compensation for the irreparable loss he had sustained.'

-erators--ip Taus:—A settler on the•western road (Sydney)
was missing from his small farm. His convict overseer gave
out that he had gone off privately to England, and left the pro-
perty to his care. This was-thought extraordinary, as the set-
tler wa's not in difficulties, and-was a steady prudent individual;
the affair, however, was almost forgotten, when one Saturoay
night another settler was returning with his horse and cart from
market. On arriving at a part of the fence-on the road-side,
near the farm of his absent neighbour, he thought he saw him
sitting on the fence ; immediately the farmer pulled up his mare,
hailed his friend, and, receiving no answer, got out of the cart
and went towards the fence; his neighbour (as he plainly ap-
peared) quitted:the fence, and crossed the field towards a pond
in the direction of his home which is supposed he had deserted.
The farmer thought it strange, remounted his cart and proceeded
home. The morning .he went to the neighbour's cottage, ex-
pecting to see him; but saw only the overseer, who laughed at
the story, and said that his master was then near England. The
circumstance was so strange, that the fanner went to the •near-
est justice of the peace, (I think it was to Penrith Bench,) re-
lated the above, and stated that he thought foul play had taken
place. A native black, who was (and I believe still is) attached
to the station as a constable, was sent with some of the mounted
police, and accompanied by the farmer to the rails where the
latter thought he saw, the evening before, his deceased friend.
The black was pointed Out the spot, without showing him the
direction which the lost person apparently took after quitting
the fence. On close inspection, a part of the upper rail was
observed to be discolouted ; it was scraped with a knife by the
black, smelt, ati tasted. Immediately after, he crossed the
fence and took a straight direction for the pond near the cottage;
on its surface was a semi, which the black took up in a leaf, and
after tasting and, smelling, he declared it to be "white man's
fat." Several times, somewhat after the manner of a blood-
hound, he coursed round the lake, at last darted into the neigh-
bouring thicket, and stopped over a place containing some loose
decayed brushwood. On removing this, he thrust down the
ramrod of his piece into the' earth, smelt it, and then desired the
spectators to (fig there. Instantly spades were brought from the
cottage, and the hotly of the absent settler was found, with skull
fractured, and presenting every indication of having been some
tine immersed in water. • The overseer, who was in possession
of the property of the deceased, and who had invented the story
of his departure for England, was committed to gaol, and tried
for murder. The foregoing circumstantial evidence formed the
main accusations. He was found guilty, sentenced to death,
and proceeded to the scaffold protesting his innocence. Here,
however, his hardihood forsook him; he acknowledged the mur-
der of his late master; that he came behind him when he was
crossing the rail on which the farmer thought he saw the de-
ceased, and, with one blow on the head, felled him dead, dragged
the body to the pond and threw it in ; but, after some days, took
it out again, and buried it where it was found. The sagacity of
the native black was remarkable; but the unaccountable man-
ner in which the murderer was discovered, is one of the inSert.r-.
able dispensations of providence.—Martin's Australia.

TUESDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 6, 1835.

We have received Demerara papers to the 15th August
On the 6th the Court of Policy, which had met for the
despatch of important business, was suddenly and unex-
pectedly adjourned by his Excellency the Governor till
some day in the present month of October. The reasons
for this proceeding are not given. The following is from
the Guiana Chronicle of the 12th August :

" On Friday last the Honourable the Court of Policy was
adjourned by his Excellency the Lieutenant-,Governor till Oc-
tober next. The two vacancies in the court, caused by the term
of service of the, Hon. J. G. Reid having expired, and by the
departure from the colony of the Hon. Charles Bean, hate been
tilled' up by-the ie-election of Mr. Reid, and by the selection of
Mr. Anindell from the names sent in by the College of Keizerso
"Not knowing the reasons which have induced his excellency t
adjourn the court at a time when so many bills of such importance
were before it, and awaiting its decision, Fe feel loathe to impute
to him any motives which might do him injustice; but upon the
manifest inconvenience and great detriment to the colony which
must result from:this ill-timed delay we are free to speak, as a
matter coming within our immediate province.
"The emancipation act has now been in operation fur upwards
of twelve motiths,.nd dining this periodhlinclreds of negroes
have been made free,. who, since their emancipation, have pur-
sued no visible or lawful occupatio'n for their existence, but
have solely existed by plunder and midnight robbery, 14?,
chick thiSTdangerous and disgraceful 'itate of society, which
continues rapidly to increase, strongly behoves our legislature,
if they would desire to secure peace and tranquillity to the colony
I of which they are the law-makers; and this can only be dime
by vagrant and police acts. Such bills have been introducedl
into the court, but his excellency at once put his arbitrary veto
upon them, not even allowing them to lie discussed, and his
present adjournment of the court for so long a period as till
October next has now most effectually precluded the possibility
of the subject being again brought before the court. Here,
then, is the fine colony,of British Guiana absolutely swarming
with vagranti, who, like the locusts of Egypt, unceasingly prey
upon the industry of the honest portion of the community, and
yet our executive leremptorily refuses us any enactments by
which the., growing evil can he checked, and life and property
rendered secure. Not thus do they act in other colonies to
which a happier dispensation of fate has awarded an executive
not wholly blinded to the wishes and wants of an entire com-
munity; for we have now before us a copy of the vagrant act of
St. Christopher's, framed and put• into force so long back as
April last; and it is well known that in all the other West In-
dian colonies similar acts have months ago been passed, and
are now in operation. British Guiana alone then—British
Guiana, whose negroes are in a ten times more barbarous and
unruly state than those of any other West Indian colony, is the
sole British posSession where th;eves•eujoy an immunity from
punishment, and vagrants are a privileged race of beings.
" But this ill-timed adjournment of the Court of Policy does
not alone 'affect the vagrant and police acts; for the fivt. bills
prepared by the Attorney-General under his excellency's in-
structions, a notice of which appeared in the Gazette, have; of
course, shared the same fate. Now, that his excellency must
have deemed these bills necessary for the wellbeing of the co-
lony is evident, or he would not have brought them forward.
Upon what policy, then, it is fair to inquire, were they thus
delayed in their progress, after having been twice read in the
Court of Policy, and ordered to be printed? Surely his excel-
lency must know that 'Bis dat qui cite date and that, therefore,
a needless and, it appears to us, a causeless delay of some two
or three months is by no means adding to the value of any mea-
sure of legislation which it is supposed the coSny may require,
or from which we may hope to receive any benefit."

• In the Times of Saturday last we perceive a paragraph
which begins in the following terms :—" The following
statement of an outrage on the British flag has been
published in a Liverpool Carlist paper." Then succeeds
an account of the shots fired upon the Margaret
High-
field from the fortress of Tarifa, as given in this paper of
this day week.

We are content to believe that the compiler of the
Times borrowed the words we have quoted from
.'some
raffish paper in the whig interest; but why should the
Times poach in such vile quarters when it has so many
excellent, manors at command, and particularly when the
same piece of intelligence, in the selfsame words, ap-

OCTOBER 6, 135.

•
peared in the Titries a few damprevious, extracted frail
•
the Liverpool Standard ?

As the document appeared originally in these pages'
having come to us by favour Of Messrs. Jotot BtnsY and
CO., on whose vessel the outrage was commitO, wt
cannot allow the Times to maltreat it in this manlier bi
giving currency to an unfounded charge of partizapshiP'
This journal is styled a " Carlist paper." The sport
who invented the designation might as. well have called
it a popish journal. -We Cate as Tittle for Don Ga,ntos as
we do for the Pope, or for JOSEPH Ant, OFTOSEFiI
HUME. Don CARLOS we believe to be the legitimate
King of Spain, as we believe HE.NnY the FIFTH to be the
legitimate. King of-Trance; but to imagine that we tal•e
any personal interest' in. the fate of a man who is so trap.
scendant a fool as to fight under the banners of the Virgin
MARY, and in whose success the Romish church hacks for
the revival of its superstitious mummeries and revolting
cruelties, is too absurd to need refutation. In accordance
with our opinions, we have invariably looked upon sad'
tricks as degrading to human nature.
It is true that we do not ascribe to profound wisdnoi
the mad schemes of Colonel EVANS and his mercenaries,
and we are not adinirers of the impertinent and cowardly
interference of the whigs in the Spanish contest. Wl'
de-sr-plate men Tear scum of the earth into such con-
' filets, we are always anxious that they should meet with
condign punishment. The pauper population of this
country can well spare a few thousand heroes, and en
moral grounds it is, perhaps, better that they should be
shot rather than hanged or transported at the public ea'
pense. As to the ministers who countenance such Tag,'"
bond armamei4s, they bring the- King's name into
contempt, and make British valour, thus put up to auction
like damaged goods, the sport and derision of: the wh°le
of Europe. If the government permit the subjects of the
King, beaded by °dice* in the receipt of the King's pay'
to embark in the civil ware of foreign countries, what i 5
to prevent Lord PALMERSTON or Mr. SPRING Rica front
hiring out the Life Guards or our men-of-war at so much
per month to Prince LEOPOLD, or any body else, in order
to redUce the pressure from the taxes ? It is desirable,
we concede, that our principal towns should be relieved
from the swindlers, pickpockets, and other scamps wit°
infest them ; but surely it is not creditable to the maga'
nimity of so great a nation to send its culprits to be siwt
in Spain under the shabby pretext of supporting libel's}
',pinions. We admit, besides, the expediency of giviri:
Colonel EVANS an opportunity of illustrating his opinions,
upon flogging in the army, in order that the electors 01
Westminster might be able fully to contrast his gallantryi
and practical discipline with his rules of philanthropy 811 t
patriotism. Still, at the same time, it is rather hard tint
this advocate for the abolition of flogging, and who vOl,
returned in the place of Sir-JoHN CAM HOBHOUSE because
he so advocated the abolition of flogging, should be 31;
lowed to flog British subjects in Spain with perree
impunity. This is rather a curious display of patriotiatu'
and we trust it will be further inquired into.
As to Don CARLOS, with his Virgin MARY for a field'
marshal, we .utterly repudiate him. He is doing that
which accelerated the downfal of the uld Bourbons, °li
what would not be tolerated, except as a subject. for
laughter, in any other country than Ireland or Spa-in.

The popish ministry, and. DANIEL, their hired missiot"
ary, have, we believe, committed a serious mistake; for'
instead of making converts to the wretched system of fraud
which they were desirous to impose on the British natiaU;
they have aroused a spirit which will -never rest upo'
they and their whole faction are most effectually crushed'
Sunday last was in all theprotestant churches of this Inle
town, as we have no doubt it was in all the protestant
churches of England and Scotland, a day of inspiring:re.
collections, when in the song of joy addressed to FhP;
YEN there was mingled all the doings of the times of oh'
all the dim shadows of our martyred forefathers, the ce"
nerable scroll on. which their sacred legacies were penned'
and that tear-bedewed volume which-they wrested frau
pollution and handed down to their'children,.as.the.great
lawgiver did the ten tables, as the greatest and best blew
ing of the DEITY.

.Do not tell us thatit was a fast or a day of mortifleaT
goys. -Every' devout mind must have viewed it in a far
different light. It was cheering and animating to see
the ministers of our holy and calumniated religion boil
and energetically vindicating the faith of the"relatve
church, attacking the fountain-head of slavery and super-
stition, and hurling back upon the libellers of our estr
blishment those weapons of aggression with which tbe,::
meditating her destruction, have been permitted toole°°
to assail. her. Popery, we venture to say, has not re-
ceived so terrible a blow for the last hundred years. 11e
charge was as simultaneous as it was well directed. Ill°
old-,beheld with rapture a new spirit in their beloved pas'
tors. The young were told a tale in language addressed
to the:heart, and fOunded Upon -incontrovertible facts
which they will never forget. The corruptions, the ab°:,
minations, and the crimes of popery were laid bare
the bone; and the naked image of fraud and. idni3tr,"
wai exhibited in all its repulsive deformity. The trier
of a lying system, the work of ages, and constructed foe
the purpose of extorting money and keeping the und`'4i,le
and humble classes in a state of degrading ignorance°
servile dependance upon monks and friars—keepingtbeg
in a condition worse than Egyptian bondage—rnakij!
them the ready instruments of political ruffians and t"'
prey of avaricious agitators, as we see at this day in Ire;
land—this system, and all its flagitious schemes 943:
machinations, were admirably, powerfuily, arrd conclii;
cingly exposed by our priesthood cn Sunday last. 'al
was such an appeal to the' sovereignty of script°.
truth, to the understandings of intelligent human beino
and-Withal so parental an admonition addressed to 0;
tional pride and national feeling, these being deelilci,
bedded in religious conviction, that sure we.are thousa%
if not millions left the house of prayer on Sunday 18
awakened to new sympathies, imbued with pious rents,
niscenees and resolved in future to make no further ,
promise with the leagued band of liberals in powers ills;
fidels aspii.inr.; to power, and Romish priests aiming
sacerdotal dominance.

Would we could advert, even in a brief way, to 0.13
tenth part of the eloquent and powerful appeals-ot.
were addressed to all the crowded congregations of vi‘
verpool. But this is impossible. What we heard our;
selves it would be invidious to report. What has bet'b
related we cannot fairly enter upon ; for where so 100
was-of d'Spiritual Character, even in outline ofrit Ou
not become the pages of a political journal. But our °t,
tention has been called to the firgarnents of one dist,heio.
guished and eloquent preacher, who, although of
sister church, is not more deservedly beloved than he
eminently useful. In the course of :his sermon, we
told, he stated that it might, possibly, and,in all probs.;
bility, woulk-be objected to the duties of the day, tbsa
clergymen were invading the wide field of 'politics ail,
bringing the artillery of the pulpit to bear upon a per
cular party. He admitted while he lamented the Deers
sity of this unusual duty. He confessed that relie
ought to have nothing to do with politics; but is tut
most forcible and irresistible manner he contended
politics should never be allowed to trench upon. relie;
Ire proved that politicians had made war upon
that the present government were avowedly and not°
ously inimical to the religious institutions of the CO'
—that they wished to annihilate what our fathers, 'vis
than they, had reformed ; and that all their concessi°a
,:
0
were in favour of that idolatry, and priestly tvi-annYt3i
soul destroying superstition which our pious ancest°rt,
li,
had abjured. If then, he argued, politicians assail r%,
gion, "is it not the duty of churchmen to defend re h:
gion ? If we are attacked, slandered, and maligned' at
it not our most solemn duty to unite in defence of 1"0
church whose ministers and guardians we are, and 1130
our strongholds, not yet wholly undermined, thcij
back upon the invaders the missiles they have rutb,
upon the sanctuary, and armed in the panoply of till to
and with the sword of the spirit, animate our flocks he
beat back and utterly defeat the audacious designs °f t
Ron-Ikb spoiler."
This was the argument which the eloquent clergPl'Binf
to whom we allude fortified himself with AS his elcilse'ry
excuse had been wanting, for one of the most rnaste,
attacks,upon popery and infidelity which has been jit

OCTOBER 6, 1335.

tened to in modern times. We regret we did not hear it,
but we can well imagine the force and the saltitary effect

But rejoicing as we do at this reinvigorating of the
protestant spirit—at this solemn appeal to every truly reli
Vous mind—at this united and noble display made by the
champions of truth against the heathenish iniquities of
the papal church, and against the worthless and heartless
faction which, as if for the punishment of national sin,
are permitted to be the counsellors of the son of GEORGE
THE THlRD—rejoicing; we say, in the operations of this
-good work, we are disposed to push it a few points higher.
Why ? and for what end ? Listen, kind reader. We
speak from a pulpit over which there is no ecclesiastical
supervisor. We acknowledge no diocesan in our pecu-
liar province. The arm of franfic power, in the extre-
mity of calamitous . liberality, might have directed its
thunderbolts against our free speech, and, for it, our un-
fortunate but sincere conviction. That day, however,
is gone by. We see in the results, as if they were vic-
tims on the altar of a sanguinary deity, a sad confirma-
tion of the truths we foretold in 1829, the ignominious
-consequences of a false and spurious liberality, the de-
basinvendency of the system cherished, and the unhal-
lowed advances of the papists praised, patronised, and
themselves received into the pale of-the constitution as
good Men; whose fealty to the- king it were -a crime to
question, and whose oathS it • were a greater crime to
challenge. .

We spoke freely, but considerately, perhaps a little
too frankly, on that occasion, and we suffered accord-
ingly. Never mind. We knew the day would come.
The day came on Sunday last, when every honest, pious,
and sincere protestant in these realms, with his pastor
taking the lead, denounced or exposed, and,
.exposing,
denounced the 'unprincipled, heartless, diabolical, and
despotical schemes of the Romish priests -of Ireltind.
God forbid that We-should` call it a day of triumph to us.
It is so to others—it is so .to the protestant church. We
see in it only a confirmation of past views, and a rewak-
ening of past afflictions. That, however, is to us less
than the drop ha the buaket or the mote in the sunbeam.
In all the sorrow of unostentatious charity, and in all the
sincerity of christian humility, we assure the Duke of WEL-
LINGTON and Sir ROBERT PEEL that their liberality is
forgiven ; !but we should do outrage to unbending feel-
ings, and ,bring long-matured convictions into discredit,
were we-not to assert that all the evils which have be-
Allen :the church of England have had their origin in the
cOnduct, alas, in the apathy, in the indolence, and the
negldct of_ duty on the part of those who, in white rai-
talents, symbolical of her purity, minister at her altars.
The laity are not chargeable with any dereliction of duty.
In no part of England have the Romish and infidel party,
supported as they have been by the socinianandnnita-
rian usurpars, been able to obtaida majority against the
church rates. This is a proof. that the laity have been
alive to their hereditary and religious attachments.
Would we could say as much for those who eat the
bread of the church, who administer her holy sacraments,
and who have sworn to protect her ark of the covenant.
No, no ; they have not done their duty. Men have
been admitted to the order of priesthood who should
have been confined to the camp to which they were ori-
ginally. destined. The wolf has been allowed to be a
shepherd in out Zion. The infidel, even from the pul-
pit, as the professed advocate of her most philanthropic
institutions, has been allowed, under the guise of fash-
ionable attraction, to sneer at her discipline and patron-
age. The mongrel in intellect has been. dressed up in
her vestments, through some peculiar or corporation
patronage ; and without being conscious that he is a
blockhead, blames the authorities for not advancing him
to a higher station than his talents entitle him. Even in
higher places, higher functionaries of the church play
double cards for patronage, when, under better auspices,
and a more religious king, they would have filled some
of its most subordinate situations.

But 4A,ith all theSe specks on the fair fame of the church
of England she has redeeming qualities of the highest
order, and the grand oblation of Stinday last must cover
a vast multitude of her sins. She has tolerated faction
and infidelity .to the last verge of endurance: She has
caressed iberality till .she -feels its claws and-stings Ina.
vital part ; and she now recovering, as if from an opiate
dream, the madness of which is dissipated by the dews of
the morning, kicks to pieces all the shackles which have
bound her, and .comes forth like a giant refreshed to
punish the vampires who, .having sucked her blood,
imagined they could dance and revel upon her ruins.
Lord MELBOURN" and Lord.JOnt,t RUSSELL must now
be convinced that their narrow view has been founded in
a gross mistake. The word has been spokenthe trum-
pet has sounded--the old hill-fires of the church have
been relit.; and the braggart and unprincipled missiOntiry
whom they sent to make an impression upon the weak
by fulsome invectives based upon falsehood ; by decla-
mation alike vulgar and villanous ; by professions libe-
ral, but aiming at despotism ; by words captivating, but
smelling rank of the inquisition—has had his hourhf idle
raving, and it has produced its effect upon the people of
England, coming home to their national predilections,
and sounding in their isles, making the old towers vi-
brate and old hearts feel, to an extent the result of
which no sinister politics, no popish schemes, no appeals
to liberality, will be able to overcome.

The reminiscences of some of the Whig members of
the House of Commons must' be anything but. pleasant.
About two years ago they were in violent opposition to
their present associates, from whom they received all the
abuse which they now consider so gentlemanly and de-
corous when levelled against. those who, during their
foimer contest, afforded them a steady and disinterested
support.

We remember well with what disgust we read the re-
port of a debate in the House of Commons in the first
year of the reformed parliament, during which Mr.
WARD, the member for St. Albans, attacked Mr. O'CoN-
nu., and received in return the compliment, " that
however humble an opinion he might have of his abili-
ties, he (Mr. O'CONNELL) could assure him the estimate
of the house was still lower." Mr. WARD doubtless
must remember this very complimentary rejoinder with
considerable pleasure, and must feel extremely comforz
`N!)le now iu the sitkiety of
_the person who thus kindly
addressed him. There are many other instances of like
"passages of arms" between individuals who now sit to-
gether on the treasuq bench. In the account of the
• quarrel which follows our readers will recognise the
name of Mr. CAREW O'I)wYER, who now does not sit
upon the treasury bench, and has nothing to do with any
other benekof which we are aware, unless it be the
King's Bench. We quote the, following because Dr,
LusntxoToNt is great authority attlieng the whigs.
Mr.,o'DwYert, in the course of the debate, had spoken
with great indecency.of the Irish church. Dr. LUSHING-
TON replied in the following terms:—" He lamented the
tone which had pervaded much of what had fallen from
the members for Ireland. The language of the honour-
able member he particularly regretted. He did not
mean his vituperation of the goyernmenter his attack on
the right honourable secretary for Ireland '(lord STAN-
LEY,) but he meant the words which had sunk deep in his
memory, the destruction of the protestant church.'—
Did the honourable member adhere to those words?"
Mr. O'DWYER said that in speaking of the protestant
church he only referred to its temporalities. Dr. LUSH-
INGTON said the explanation, was not more satisfactory
than the original words. He had understood and be-
lieved that every Roman catholic member who entered
that house. was under the solemn obligation of an oath to
uphold, maintain, and sustain the protestant church in
Ireland. (Cheers from the ministerial benches.) The
honourable and learned member then read the oath, and
in so doing was much cheered by the ministerial benches
and by Mr. O'CONNELL and those around him in return.
"He (Dr. LusniNuToN) took those words in their plain
end evident meaning, and in so doing he had the utmost
difficulty to reconcile to his conscience the, oath and con-
duct of the honourable member and others." (Cheers
from the ministerial benches.)
This debate occurred on the Bth February, 1833. Two
years after that same Dr. LIithIINGTON and Mr. O'Dwv-
Xit voted together in favour of a resolution to confiscate
a large portion of those revenues which Mr. O'DWYER

had sworn to uphold, maintain, and sustain. Let it be
remembered that this is Dr. LUSTIINOTON's interpreta•
(ion of the oath. In giving thAt interpretation the whigs
around him cheered,-for then they did not feel resolved to
sacrifice the interests of the church to the temporary ne-
cessities of their party—they had not then determined to
allow Mr: O'CONNELL a veto on all Irish appointments.
The docti4te that the House of Lords was useless was not
then openly avowed by the ministerial organs, nor was
the announcement made that tithe ought not to be longer
paid in Ireland to the clergyman to whom it was due.
But a new light has suddenly burst upon Dr. LUSHING-
TON and the whigs; and every principle save repeal which
was then contested with the Irish gang of mendicants is
now conceded. It is not now perjury to destroy the
church which an oath has been taken to uphold, main-
tain, and sustainit is not now sedition to recommend
the- non-payment of tithe—it is. not now treason in- a
British minister to , patronize a person whose avowed
object is the destruction of every institution in the
country, and the total extinction of the monarchical
principle. But this is march of intellect—this is the
progress of civilization and enlightenment. It is the
march of only two years : it is a progress greater than
had been made in the • twenty years preceding. With
accelerated motion down a declivity any revolving object
will move as it nears the end. So has it been with us;
for every fresh encroachment has appeared to prepare the
way for increased spoliations, and to blunt all the best
sensibilities and sympathies of the people. '

The Liverpool freemen will perceive by an advertise-
ment elsewhere, . that the revising barrister who is
appointed to decide %lon their challenged claims—
challenged by liberals who call themselves the friends of
the people, and profess much regard for the working
classes—will open his court on Friday morning, the 9th
instant. We trust, "therefore, that. every freeman so ob,
jected to will be at his post at an early hour on that dai.
lie who from apathy, ignorance, or recklessness, absents
himielf, will most unquestionably be disfranchised, and
erased from the roll as if he were a cheat or a pauper.
The whig, EWART, awl O'CONNELL factions have resorted
to this despicable trick in sheer desperation. They know
that the feelings of the town generally are against them—
their own newspapers admit it-and that if the burgesses
are true to themselves and the cause, they have not a
shadow of a chance at the next election. The county is
safe,the majority of the conservatives being considerably
increased ; and there is no reason why the borough should
not be equally safe. Up, then, good men and true, and
make sure work of it

LONDON LATEST NEWS.

City, Saturday Evening, Half-past Seven o'clock.

There has been an improvement in the money market both
yesterday and to-day. A good deal of business has been done
in Consols, which, for Money, have advanced from 901 and 901,
and for the Account they have ranged between 901 and 9011
nearly all the day, and closed at that price. Some bargains
have also been done for the November Account at 904, which
makes the Contango rule at from 4to per cent. The 34 per
Cent. Reduced Annuities have advanced to 994 for the opening;
the New 31 per Cents., after some fluctuation, closed at 9811.
Omnium is at 3 premium. India Stock has declined I per
cent., the last price being 2541. Bank Stock, for the opening,
has he'n done at 212. The rate of the premium on Exchequer
Bills hattruled at 13 to 15 ; on India Bonds it is 3s. Is. prem.
Bank t.sock, shut Omnium, 34 pm.
Red. Araruities, shut India Stock, 2545
Consols, 901 s India Bonds, 1 pm.
31 per Cents.l:tqd„ shut Excheq. Bills, 15 pm.
New 34 per Cents., 9811 Consols for Account, 901
Long Annuities,•tiut
