TO BE LET.

A gnod FAMILY liotiSh,tionting Upper Parliament-
street, Windsor, near Lodge-tune, and another n-onting Berke-
ley-street, in Toxte.h-park ; the situation are high and -ctry, and
Rents reasonab e.
For further pat tieu!ars apply at the Office of Mr. DAWSON,
Solidtor, Tempie-court, Liverpool,

KING WILLLUI'S COLLEGE, ISLE OF MAN.
ESTABLISHED UNDER HIS MAJESIY'S PATIZONAGE.

17.7X.)R the conmical EDUCATION of the YOTti of th
11 Island, e
a n:l of the surrounding Countliei,, in theU Doctrine,e
and Duties of Chtisti:mi y, as t,..1.0it by the united Chinch of
En,?,..and and Irelan..t, in oombination with a,l the usual bra--ches
of Literature and Science.

Principil—The Rev. E.lward Wilson, M.A., I e Fellow of
Sc. John's Col.ege, idge, and Curate of ;. Michael's,
Bath.
Vie-Prinripal—The Rev. Robert Dixon, M, ~ of Catherine-
hall, Cambridge. •
Third Master-1 ha Rev. John L. Stowe , 8.A., of Queen's
College, Olford.
The above Coliege will open on the 1 of August next, for
the reception of Pupils, wie) must have completed their 'it')
ye.tr, and be able to read and write.
Coliege Fees for Pup Ls between 7 and 10 years of age, £1
per quarter; between I) and 13 du.. £1 10., per Turtee ; and
b-Aween 13 lnd IS tin., £2 per quarto . Aleive a sal,' ad-
ditional F >e wid be required.
These Pees are to be paid to the Pi incipaT, quarterly,. in ad-
vau,:e ; the first (Furter at the time of the Pupil's acnossion ;
the second at. the next qua.t.r-day; anti so on. The quartet-
days wit, bet ebruary Ist, April 15th, September Ist, loverii-
ber 15th. Without the. punctual payment of these (Oat terages
no Pupil wilt be received; .nor, it' he be removed during any
quitter, will any p of that cra tterage be returned.
N B.—As the •Col.ege opens.ou the lst of August, the second
qu irter of the present s ear will not be till November 15:h.
Botatiers will be received into the College under the superin-
tendence of the Vice-Pram:pat, and by the Third :Muster, info
his own house, as Private Pupils, at 11:25 per d1;i11111-1 for Boss
unler 1-1, and do. above that age, exclusive of Col.cg-e
Fees. 'the board to be paid had yearly.
The Principal will receive a few Private Pupils on higher
terms.
Vacations—July and Aueati+e a week at Christmas, and a
week at Easter. _ _ •

Contioeutal Languages, Drawing, Washing, and Books,
extra. _ _

intimation of Pupi:s intended for the Col!ege is re-
(pieced by. the Principal, from whom further parziculars may be
if
hat! on application; by letter. post paid.
Coll go!, of an..TTin 18th,

441ViIIP'UtiL

FULL-LENGTH PORTRAIT OF GEORGE CRUIRSHANK.
TOASER'I.4 MAGAIN.E. The Contents of the August
Nur/I'A r arc :—I. Sim:wens Of Irish .thnstielsy, No. V.;
2. Count Caglio,tro, Flight Last;-3. 'I he Last Duel I had a
• hand :n. liv Ew4gia U'Danogittie;—l. Bab-age on Machinery
Ana Manufacture:;—b. Par ;phrases of the and 46th Psalms;
Notes on It 'Eat Scenery and Manners.,No. I L ;--7. Li-
.. !entry GaLerv, No. XX.M.N... George Crui shank, with a full-
-1"Ig-01 Portrait;-$. The Hells in Lut.) . By the "Schott -
.master. in Nevrgate ;"-9. Cel,,hrated T tls of the NinAcent.h
• •Centaty,.:No. II.;-1i1. nu Nati,inal ~..otionly, No.
....,....00xn;Laws;,-1.4 Flo:l4:es' Nana ive o the E.,..pAitihn to For
tag ,1,,c-.,12....T.he....11th.c.mw0r of a Spire of -the Lot d Primate
mth:l-I.arrY.lll Ch.ancellor. wherein the latt,'r is sign ,by tic-
tiimies Fraser. Loudon; and Chapel, Liverpool,
•
..13ISCOVEP IFS IN AUSTRALIA.
. Just p. 121-119-1, in 2 Cols. syo., prhe 285., illustiatcd with a large
Austfiltda.,* u) rts, Fossils, Land-
andheauttltiL.:-
RE:X.II4 ut 'I EDITP);\ S INTO
IN.rmithi, W.' :301;1 ;•\:[;;;'fIlA
m:ccieGirder or Gui;el swraig, t )euvs and.
1831; with Observations umtlisi t maie, au,: general
sources of the Coital) of New South Wales-; a dc;scription of
the country that %vaa aL.d of the tieVplcal streaois that.
tuuoig 13,*•!' baniu•,..., the Murray, and the
were discovered, ith
Lindesay.—Also, au Accouut, ut the singular Ahrolgtual Inha-
bitants, interspersed with nunieinus inteiesting AnemoteS;
W;tn IGO6I
who!e replete
By CAPTAIN CliAli,l_Ds
. Published by Siti.rit.l'..!.cri:, and Co., Cori; hill, London;
sold also, in G. i.„..11.i....t.P0R7, hiate,,z;;;,ti-btrcet.

Empzr fill li;larliatEr;),T(t.

HOUSE OF -COMMONS, WEDNESDAY, JULY 31.

• The ' ~altery Was openeitatt he usual lOW.
LordAur uiu, after uaticing that the order for the commit-
tee on the Slavery Abolition Bill was among yesterday's d'ropi,eit
orders, movo.l t;rat the bid be further consiaeren iu commiLioe
at this evening's sitting.—Agreed to.
Sir .1. SeARLEIT th,:n presented a petition from Lord Rau-
diesham in favour of Thei.usson's Estate

The Marquis of CHANDos presented a petiionfrom Sir Chas.
Flint, one of the trustees of the will o Mr. Theilwson,-prayhtg
to be heard by connect against ceitaiu parts of the bill.
Sir J. SCA II LETT thou moved that TheLusson's Estate But be
read a second time.

:'N,LiCITOiI-GENERAT, seconded the motion. In his
opinion there canal be no objectioa to the bill. It would injure
no one except the lawyers, and they, it seemed, sweat down"
the produce of these estates from I:23,0)0 a-year to I:WM.I a-
year; thus leaving VAX/a-year fur tneir own palmier. (Hear,
hear.)
The bill was then read a second time.

CHU P.(11 IEMPOiAI.FI IES (IRELAND) DILL.
A message from the Lords brought up the Irish Church Bill,
with ceitain aine-admaits, to whied their lordships desired the
concurrence of that house.

ir. BA NN Dit Ma N .Feseuted a Petition from a place in Scot-
land, iu fitV our of the i en Hours Factory Bid.
The hous3 adjourned at 3 o'clock.

The house resumed at 5 o'clock.

Lord MoitroA•li wished to know from the •noble lord, the
Chancellor of the Exchesn?r, wimi he would be prepaiel to
submit the Factory bill in an amended shape to the house ?
Lord AuTniur said it had been his intention to have moved
the committal or the bill pm forma lust night, but was prevented
by the business before the house. lie would, however, endea-
vour to do so that evening, and in the committee he would state
what a:ten:it/tins he proposed to make in the bitl; after which
ha shou.tl move that. the bill as amended be printed. As soon
as the prints shun.d be upon the table, he 'would move the re-
committal or the bth, for the purpose of its being discussed.

lIIDDLSLX

Colonel EVA'Ns wished to know, for the sake of the country
at large, whether itwas the intention of government to institute
some serious inquiry inio the conduct of the 111idd.ecx magis-
trates ? _ _

The SoLtct-ron-GENRAL said it was quite impossible for him
to give an answer to the question of the hon.•and gallant mem-
ber: fie was not aware that any corrupt motives were imputed
to the magistrates of Aliailiesex toy aLiopling the course which
they-had pursue::.
• Mr. torso would throw himself upon the indulgence of the
house, as the matter. was of great importance to himself and his
brodier magistrates.' lie thought that, considering. the quantity
of business which the:magistrates had to go thiougn, they ought
not to be judged too severely. There were more piisoners tried
in one session in Mid ilesex than in any other county during
the whole year; and the sessions occurred once a month. Ile
was surprised to see a statement in the newspapers, to the effect
that Mr. Coast felt sore at its being supposed that the practice
which had been so much condemned by the public had, been
foilowl in his time. He teif satisfied that this statement was
founded in error, because he recollected that he, soon after he
was admitted to the magistracy,presen presented a report to Mr. Coast,
complaining of that very practice. He was therefore anxious
to rescue the magistrates of Michnesex limn the imputation
of having fo.lowed a novel and unprecedented course. He
repeated that they had only acted in conformity with a custom
wai,:h had descended front their ancestors. (Lou.l daughter.)
He admitted lie received a notification through the crier of the
court of C.erkemvell, that the judges considered a nets session
should be hoiden; but the crier was so very o.d and so bewil-
dated that he scarcely knew that he was about. He ( Mr.
Rotch) had, made it distinct motion for the removal of that
xorthy personage from his olliee some time ago, tut fai.ed to
carry it. tie, however, did not think he should be justified,
wider t!le vircum,tances he ha I just stated, in acting upon the
he received from

;-S4ot.te Toit-GEN.t.:.!tA L. said he had already stated, in an-
swer to trte hon. and gaiiuut Member (Colonel Evans,) that no
inquiry' appaared to be neressary into the conduct of the ma-
gistrates, taut he now tluingut that the hon. and teamed mem-
ber (Mr. Botch) had made out such a case of misconduct on
the part of the magistrates as to render some strung measure
imperatively necessary. ( Hear.)

IMPRISONMENT FO PERT BILL

Sir. R. PEEL hopoTtliat this bi.l would not be postponed be-
yond the present s..ssion, but that it wouid be prersed forward.
The Somcyroa-G._NERAL saidt that in coasequence of the
difficulty experienced in arranging some of the machinery of
the hi t, it won d he impossible tuat it could be brought forward
so soon as might be expected.
Sir ti. PEEL would defer his observations as to some of the
priacip.es tattle bill, but he hiurie.l had a petition si,,ne,l by a
large number of the inhabitants of Westminster, ai.tainst cer-
tain paris of it; he thought it desirable that it saouid be known
to the pub ic, among whom the bid exci:ed much interest, what
were tha in:cutions of the honourable and Warned member re-
specting it.
Mr. tl, ME expressed a hope that as the bill was most impor-
tant, and had been a long time under consideration, it would
not be f tut h,r delayed.
The SoLiciTolt-iiENEnAL said that the delay arose from the
fret which he had state,. The bill was to iniroduee a system,
and it would not be effective until every part of that system
were arranged.

The house then went into a committee on
H E ACOLILION OF SLAVERY BILL,
and the chairman having read the 25,h cause, the debate on
Sir Eardley Wi.mol's motion to reuuce the grant to the Paut-
era fioai twenty to fifteen millions was iesumed, which was on
a division :ost by a majority of SI.
On the 40th clause being read,
Mr. P. Bux 'ON said he should move to reserve half the sum
proposed to be granted to the colonists tin the emancipation of
:he slaves should have been completed.
Mr. O'CONNELL declared that he had no coati lance in any-
thing which bad been done by the West India body. Ile did
not wish to raise any angry discussion, but was compeiled to
give his oppoition..to parrs of the measure. The proposed loan
of 1:15,0a),o0J laud been converted iotoa grant of .t.:2O,iXAMAiti,
aunt this to ha paid not by the negroes but by the people of
England. For this nraqicat transition the painters were only
to ue called on to sacritree two hours a-d:iy of the uegrols la-
bour. In return for this sane symptoms of conci.iation an t
co-oireration might at least be expected on the part or the :Vezt
India body. Bia no;Air. Burge, the Jamaica delegate, had
protested against the tuelisure, as had also Air. But olev, the
agent fir rinMarl. Ile coneurrA in the ain,nriment,
ing it would be better to pay one-hall of the grant only untit
some prosi:ect of the fu.tilincnt of the conditions on the part of
the painters was afful
Mr. JAmEs'sanl that in spite of slavery, the slaves were vet
in a good and comfortable condition, and be believed that if
the labouring popmation in Ireland were but one-half so well
otr, the le :met" member for Dublin, like Othello, wou.d find his
`'occupation gone." His innuence would at o:,ce he cxtin-
guishect—his power vanish—

" And, like C'e baseless fabric of a vis'or,
Leave not' 71e 1/ent' behind;" (Loud lau.;hter.)

Lord SANroN said that the sole object which ought to be con-
sidei ed was how they stmad best dispose of the 1:20,(KX),t..W
which was to be grained to the West India planters. 'the poiut
to be attamed wit the total Liboiition of stavery, and therefore
it did n•d resolve Lse.fiazo a mere question of economy. With
respect to wlat the :craned member foe Dubin had said a'.iout
the spirit of coooLiatiou shown by the planters, he ( Lord Sm-
don) could only say, that he woulu never think of taking a lesson
in conci union from the leerucu member. That Iconic:A inch-
vidua, had ever toe word cooci.ia:ion in his mouth, but never
boo he (Lord Soudan) wanessea the semblance of any thing in
that teal lied inembee.s condoct which cud to a conciiiation.—
(" Hear," and a laugh.) There seemed to be a mistake with
regent to the L..-.0,0X,W0. 'I he advance was aiways content-
p.ated in the nature of a grant to the West India prop, ietors,
the question being on.y woether the negioes or the Walsh Par-
liaaient should pay it. He shout(' be Into to take up any re-
eliminatory matter, but in iceominenoing conciliation, as the
only hkeiy mo„e of bringing the question to a satisfacooy con-
clusion. tie, however, oeuied that the West India bouv hau
shown any symptoms of a want of conciliation or co-operation
throughteit Inc whine business.
111 r. O'C'JNN n.t. anti that the nob:e lord had thought proper
to attack him because he toneeivea that such a Colic so would oe
popular in that huuse. He had never set himsed• up as the
protector of bribers, and corruption. Let the noble lord keep
hinise f quiet. (4 Order.") Gentleincn ce.led "order" but
why did toev not salt "o. der" when hc, was attacked ? (Hear.)
The noble iord might have been actuated by the most gouty atm
praiseworthy motives in his cetence of the Liverpool freemen,
Iv if the investigation had not taken pace upon that subject,
one of the grossest scenes of corruption ever heard of would
hive remained unknown and unpunished. Let the noble lord
take his "conci.iation" ow of that. ( A laugh.) He would say,
by way Of parenthesis, that when the note mid had done as
nitwit Inc his country as he had (•' Oh. oh !"), he might be better
warraned in attackit.ii; o: hers.
Loon SA IN Dolsi sald he d,ri not complain of the tone of the
hon. and :earned member's remarks, but it should be recollected
that the hon. and leained member had. in the hist instance,
afticked a I persons spnnetteu with the West India interest.
(Hun) ith respect to the investigation to which the hon.
and 1. armed member had alluded, he was prepared to contend
th it it had estrktlistied the_purity of those whom he had stood
forward to dereiol: faugh;) 7 Ile had 'nevendenied that the
proceedings at the ancient' Liver)), of elections were impure;
but he thought it unjust to punisn the present voters for the
sins of their ancestors. _ _

The eoultuitt2e then divided, and the numbers were—
For the amendment.. £3
Agaia,t it. 194

Maimi!y. lOl
The dance was then agreed to, us the stb.cceciAg ones,
up ;o the 56th.
Igr. BuxToN suggested that this (the 56th,) which r2lated to
the to;erance to be givcii to Dis,:ctiters in the Weal
should ire postponed, in older that an oppor.unit v might be Ob-
t„,in,l for framing some less oljeetionanie regulation upon ttic
sulijevt.
SrANLEY said that he would readily adopt the. suggestion
of Lie bon. member, ald should be happy if he wou.d point o ,1
any mole hr which the intentions of government could be best
carried inir; effeo. It wits intended by government
that there i,houid be no restriction on Dissenters in the West
Ind.es. A new c:ausz,, if agreed upon, might be proposed upon
the bringing up a the report.
he clause was then postponed.
O'ComNk.u. gave notice, that he would in the next staFe
of the t,i.l move that November, 1837, be substituted for Novem-
ber, 185, in clanire 6.
The team fled gentleman next moved as an amendment to the
sixth of the preaml.le, that, the words "services or" should
be sut:stituted for 4•righis to" the- negro. His. object was to
annul the recognition of the right to nogro property.
- The co mAtee Livided on the amendment—
For it •
Against it
• :;oai --8I
The bill having goon Elmo: h commiiic e. the house resumed.
The eport was received, ordered to be printed, and to be taken
into inr.her. consideration on Frivay next.

FO:1 mn' AMT..
'1 he moved the older of the day for the
further consioera ion of the teport on the Imptisolunent or
Debt Bah The leamed gentlemen s,zid that is consequence of
the failure of the Locat Conas bi.l In the other house of Par-
Lune .t, it becjtee n,cesai y to negative each p:ovisions of the
ezent i,ii. as app'.ied to its machinery, and to Introduce others
for the local reeoverc of debts under a et•rtain amount.
Aittettran Thom e,-ON was untterktood to oppot.e the
1 he Staten oa-G._NEam., said that the nut h,at unaergone
very to 1 comirlemt.on. -, • -
The tep,,lt was then agreed to, and the bill was ordered to be
lead a third tiote on F;iday.
't he Piivy Coticeil Ilia' was re-committed; several amend-
nen s we, e ;tweed to; report on Ft )y.
'1 he t'ingar Ilel n u t,i 1 was lead a second time, and ordered
to-Ite et uroitte,t on VI ilov.

the Reports (1 a s rwsuF 111.16..f0r enu.olidating. the laws or
t4-44e, wakc.hf,tu.ing-, aud reois:ty
vosselg, vve P 1,101),4 ht up by Mr. P. hom.ou.
iie icp,at of tiie Cusfofits' L'uty bi-ouOlt. up,

A short discussion er4uedou the princOe of the measure, in
tie ioilst 3t which -

P, HOWARD moved that the honse be counted, and there
being only ineulbzrs present, tic house adjourned at half-
une o'clock.

IIOUSE OF LOH DS, THURSDAY„kUGUST 1.
The Bishop of Lur hos presented a petition front Croydon,
pras,le ior a mili,otiott of tilLf-prilai laws.
Mr. iirotheiton and others from the Commons brought up the
Chester I.,:chts Bila—laeau a first tune.
The iiishop of Wixcihasmo presented a petition from the
parish of Limon, in 6aasex, coLopiaining that. the tithes of the
parish, amounting to £. i 0 a ye:Ar, were tee property of a iay
nnpropriator, waA per annum to the curate.
;e ,ecoud rcading o thejewish
Civti llisa.haties dida hits torus:op spoke at some length, but
very-few of• his observations reached toe palmy. We under-
staid his lordship to say, that if the Roman Catho.ic Relief Bill
had not passed, ue shoo.d not have brought forward this mea-
sure, because such a proceeding would nave looked tike an
insult to a numerous body ;if their fellow-Christians. But the
disabLities tinder which toe Roman Cathones laboareid naving
been removed, no reason existed to prevent him trout taking
- this-step. The danger to which the estab.ished church might
be exposed by removing the Roman Cathofic disabitities was
one or the great argumeots urged against that measure; but in
the case of the Jews no such danger was to be apprebenacti.
Wherever the Jews had hitherto obtained civil rignts they had
become worthy citizens, and he could not see why the same
thing should not happen here. A bid hail been passed in 1752
for their reiel; but it was received with great dissatisfactioa by
the public, and was repealed soul after. The popular mina
since that time had, however, underAone a very great alteration,
us might he inferred front the number of petitions presented in
favour of this hid. There was one artituent tav rou of the
bill, which, he admitted, had considerable weialit hint—
namely, the argu i.ent fiunded on the fact that the Lilt had
recta vad the sauctiou of a large majority of the House of Com-
mons. lie did mit mean to say th.tt -their lordships should be
unduly biassed by the decisions of the House of Cumulous, hut
they could not deny that the present House of Commons repre-
seu:ed a wiaer sittaca of popular sentiment than any other.
The Archbishop of Canterhuiv thoYed as an amendment that
the bill be read a second time that (jay six months.
'Ph? house divvied on the question, that the bill he now read a
second time,whentheie app,tect-
- Contents; present 29
Proxies
—5l
Not content, presen! ... dd
Proxies
—lO4
Majority against the second reading 50
After.a short conversatom, in which Lord Sullied, Lord
Kenyon, Lott] Wyniord, and the .11uke of WeJington, took
part, the consideration a the Repo, t on the llweaihg-house
Robliery Bill was postponed until this day.—Adjournecl.

THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.
