THE SUGAR TRADE.

The Sugar trade are indebted to a highly respectable mer-
elicit for the following statement and prospective.view of the
stocks of Sugar in the kingdom, which we recommend to the
perusal of our readers who feel au interest in the subject.

To arrive at any sound conclusion as regards the future Sugar
market, the best way is to reason from facts, as far as they are
known, and, taking it for granted that the home consumption has
not fallen off, which I cannot suppose to be the case, since the
lower classes are, on the whole, in a better state, I would thus
proceed:—
The quantity. of B.P. Sugar (reduced to hogsheads)
imported into London in the first nine months of
18.31, was • (lids.) 120,717
in the first nine months of 18.32
in the first nine months of 1833
The import into London, Liverpool, the Clyde, and
Bristol, in the first nine months of 1832, was 218,100
in the first nine months of 1833
•
On 30th Sept., 1832, the stock in these four ports was 76,200
On 30th Sept., 183,3, it was
thus showing a deficiency of supply of 9700 hogsheads, and an
increase of stock of 9300 hogsheads, together 19,000 hogsheads
apparently less consumed in this year than last.
With regard to the three remaining months of each
year, the import into the said tour ports, during
that period of- 1832, was (lids.) 39,000
In the sane three months of the present year,
the import will not exceed (from the
islands)
and I would add from British Guiana 13,000

20,000
which would leave a deficiency of 19,000 hhds. in that period.
I do not include Mauritius or Bengal sugar,—the import from
the first has been rather more this year than last up to the same
period, but the quantity expected is much less; and although the
import from Bengal is less this year, the consumption of it is
limited, and remains much the same.
The deficiency, in consumption, I consider to be wholly ow-
ing to the falling off of the export of refined goods, and from
that cause the storks in the principal foreign markets are one-
third less than they were last year at this time, notwithstanding
the large supplies sent them from France up to May laSt, when
the excessive high. bounty ceased. Something depends on
whether they are to take supplies of any moment from us this
fall. hut not all.
The stock on the 30th September, as already stated, was
85,000 hhds. I hive supposed the supply from that time to the
Ist January to be 20,000 hhds. In January and February
10.0X10 hhds., (it was not so much in these two months of 1832, )
together 115,000 hhds., to meet five months consumption—with
the stock in the hands of the dealers, grocers, and refiners, ad-
mitted generally to be much less than tor years past at the same
period. I suppose it possiblastLe import in March may be equal
to the consumption, no doubt Twill be so in April.
Next as to the consumption—l consider the home consump-
tion to be • about 200,000 tons. On the average of 1829-30 and
31, the gross supply was 237,286 tong. Exported, refined, and
raw, 27,750 tons. Left and consumed 209,536 tons, but I take
it at only 2iX),600 tons, from which I deduct 20.000 tons as the
proportion of Mauritius, and 5,000 as that of Bengal, leaving
175,000 tous British Plantation, or, per week, 3,360 tons, which,
converted into hhds. of 11 cwt. net each, gives about 5,000 hhds.
weekly. We have sufficient 'evidence to satisfy us, that this is
rather under than over the whole weekly deliveries in the king-
dom.

From tbe 30th September to the 34 March aro twenty-two
weeks, during which, at 5000 hogsheads per week, the consump-
tion would be 110,000 hogsheads; and supposing the export in
that period to be only equal to 10,000 hogsheads Muscovadoes,
the whole stock is gone.
If the facts, as I have stated them, arc correct, or nearly so,
prices are not likely to be lower, but may be importantly higher.
We have also to bear in mind that, taking the whole of the
colonies together, the produce of sugar is evidently falling off
annually, and then to recollect the contingencies which hang
upon the experiments to be made under the slavery act.

THE SALT TRADE.

TO THE EDITOIt OF THE LiVERPOQL ST4NDIRD.

Stu,—lt was with some degree of pleasure that I heard of the
resolutions adopted at a meeting of the salt proprietors a short
time ago, for, certainly, if ever there was a trade in which the
honest proprietor requires to be defended against chicanery and
fraud, it is required in this. Indeed, the method in which the
business is conducted, has long been a mystery to• m) self as
well as to others. In other branches of business, the persons
interested can associate together—can act in unanimity,_ and,
having fixed a price upon the article, can maintain it through-
out the trade, without tear of any attempt 'to reduce it below the.
authoriseddevel ; but in the salt trade, there are constant clash-
ings and everlasting disagreements, and, if a fair remunei ating
price is laid upon the article, there is a continual fear lest, on
the first opportunity, some zealous broker, or anxious proprie-
tor should, for the sake of obtaining an order, violate the sti-
pulation. Nor is this all. While other articles, exposed to
constant contingencies, and dependent ou the winds and wa-
ters, afford a sufficient profit to the seller, and enable him to
conduct his business with confidence—while those engaged in
the sugar trade can obtain a fair remuneration—while the wine
and spirit merchant can secure a reasonable surplus from the
sale of his goods—the salt proprietor alone follows, iu most in-
stances,,a losing trade, and has constantly to complain of the
insecurity and unprofitable nature of his labour. And how is
this ? From what cause does it arise ? Why is not the salt
trade as respectable and as profitable as others ? Why do not
the persons engaged in it act with the same unanimity that
marks other branches of business.? The fault is not in the ar-
ticle sold, but in the conduct of the sellers; and so long as per-
sons are found mean enough to sacrifice the general prosperity
of the trade on the altar of self-interest, or petty jealousy, so
long will the business he unprofitable and einsafe.
And are there such persons? Are there those who will thus
sink the trade to secure a few pounds within their own pockets?
There are ! Every one conversant with the business is aware
that such a practice is, and has_ been carried on; and that to
this is mainly attributable the depressions under which the trade
suffers.
If, when a fair price was affixed to the article, all those con-
cerned in it would honestly and resolutely maintain that price,
there would be no cause of complaint; but, instead of this, the
direct contrary is too often acted upon. A merchant orders a
acertritcalie.n quantity of salt, and applies to an honest dealer in the
The price demanded is, of course, the fair and author,
ised one; he, however, waits upon a less conscientious man-
who, knowing that, if he asks the full price, the order will be
given to the former, agrees to let him have it a shilling or two
below the regular demand; and, for the sake of securing the
order, thus gives a mortal wound to fair and honest dealing.
Nor does the evil end here; for when another order is given,
and a fair price is asked, the reply instantly is, " Why, I ob-
tained my last te..der for so much ; if you chose to let me have
it on the same terms, well : if not, I must go to my former sup-
plier." The fear of losing a good customer now, perhaps, acts
upon the timid, but otherwise honest man, and to avoid this, ho
imitates the example of his predecessor, and sells below the
fixed rate. And thus is the trade ruined, while the secrecy
with which these doings are carried on renders it next to im-
possible to put a stop to them.
The meeting to which I have already referred, it was ex-
pected, would do much in This way; though, for my own part,
I greatly feared that the very saaie causes which had hitherto
operated would again operate, and leave its resolutions but a
dead letter. And so it has happened; for the proprietors, at a
more recent meeting, have abandoned their former regulations,
which were calculated to maintain the respectability of the
trade, and have thus, by•their vacillating conduct, again made
themselves ridiculous in the estimation of all reelecting men.
The dishonest man, therefore, will still be dishonest, from the
hope of profit. The unprincipled dealer will still endeavour to
intercept the orders intended for his honest neighbours, and the
timid will yet follow their example through the fear of loss.
It is a most singular thing that men of education ; men of
talent; and men of property; (as many of the proprietors are)
should yet be required to be reminded .of their duty as fellow
citizens and interests as merchants; but while such things exist I
can no longer be silent. The public are not blind, they cannot be
imposed upon by varying statements; and what is the construc-
tion they. must put upon such a method of conducting business ?
There is only one which they can put upon it, and that is, that
the salt proprietors are either grossly. foolish, or unworthy of pub-
lie confidence. What! cannot a fair and legal price be upheld,
without an everlasting scene -of contention, chicanery, and
deceit? Cannot a business be carried on to advantage, unless
the individuals so carrying it ou arc placed in constant oppo-
sition to each other? Are the principles of the salt owner so
-unsafe, that they, More than any other class of manufacturers,
require to be Bound down by forfeits, or stimulated by de-
posits? Besides, the public very naturally says, if, when some
years ago, you were getting 20s. per ton, you were getting only
a fair price for your salt; you must now be egregious fools to
sell the same description at eight shillings, and thus ruin your-
selves ! Or, on the other hind, if you are now obtaining a fair
profit by the article, you must in years past have been grossly
imposing upon the public ! And what reply can be made to
this? What excuse can be for the folly on the one
hand, or the hit iosition on the other?
And now, it iciay be fairly asked, what remedy do you pro-
pose? I candidly confess, I cannot tell. The principle of
honour, which binds down others, has no effect here ! The
spirit of party, which unites men of very •equivocal principles,
has here lost its power! In such a case it is difficult to know
where to apply the remedy, or how to operate upon the cheos
of interests, which are so constantly combating together.
Yet I would call upon the proprietors for their own sakes ;
for the sake of their respectability; for the sake of common
honesty and honour, to do something to make the trade respect-
able. With them lies the power to do this; and let me tell
them, that while the public do not thank them for giving
away the article, they will most assuredly respect them "
they prove themselves worthy oe it.
LirerpDOl, 24th October, 1833.

A.MICUS

A new kind of soap has been discovered, which, if truly
described by the discoverers, must be an efficacious cleanser, as
in washing linens " it saves two-thirds of the labour, two-thirds
of the fuel, and two-thirds of hoard and wages."
CoNerwrioN or THE MOBILITY.—An order has been re-
ceived by the .surveyors of the Bristol district, from Govern-
ment', directing in all cases where surcharges have recently been
made,,or where it was intended to make them, further proceed-
ings should be stayed! Another proof of anxiety of Govern-
ment to compromise with'the mob in these matters.
Mr. Galt's health has materially improved within the last ten
days. As a proof of his increased strength he travelled to
Wtitistone one day last week, and returned to Brompton the
following day, greatly rennorated by the change of air and
J•ourney.
•
