THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD

TO DANIEL O'CONNELL,
MISSIONARY FOR SEDITIOUS PURPOSES,

I shall close my correspondence with you by a candid exarni-
nation of the several irrational allegations, malicious false-
hoods, preposterous exaggerations, and senseless threats, con--'
tained in your celebrated oration, as repeated at-Stanthester,
Newcastle, Edinburgh, and Glasgow. I shall only premise,
that so numerous are your lies, and so abundant is your silly
vituperation, that the utmost I can accomplish, within reason-
able limits, will be, to give a selection from the odious mass.

1. "We are come to a crisis in the affairs of this rountry."
If there be any thing critical in the present juncture of af-
fairs ip this mighty empire, our condition is not likely to be
ameliorated by such seditious agitators as Daniel O'Connell,
whose fault it will not be if we escape aX the horrors of a civil
war. Let but the executive assume sufficient firmness to incar-
cerate such missionaries of treason, together with those who
have instigated you to your dirty work, and we shall witness
any thing but a crisis. Allow me to suggest the possible con-
tingency of a crisis in your own history. There could not be
fotind, in any part of England, an honest jury that would acquit
you of high treason. There are, indeed, parts of the kingdom
where s'OmetSing like the summary execution of Lynch's law
might be put in force against you. Into such quarters you
have too much discretion to venture.

2.—" You shall see my gratitude in redoubled efforts for the
common good."

How can you have the effrontery to claim any homage for
having contributed by your exertions to the attainment of any
good or desirable end ? Is your conduct with reference to the
introduction of a system of poor laws into. Ireland an illustra-
tion of your zeal fur the common good? You have effected
nothing but unmitigated evil ever since your agitating career
commenced. Of this your own countrymen have been long
convinced, and of this the inhabitants of Great Britain are be-
coming every day more conscious, perceiving, as they do, in
your vociferous train, a motley assemblage of degraded atheists,
the known enemies of public tranquillity, and the very dregs of
society.
3.—" The House of Peers must yield to the moral influence
by which they are surrounded—they must concede to England
all that England can desire."

If the House of Lords are "surrounded by amoral issflw•.
ence," which must impel them to make all reasonable conces-
sions to the demands of England, why are you now employed
in urging a reform of the peers? If they are already breathing
an atmosphere which is liberal, what becomes of the ostensible
object of yuur mission ? The truth is that the peers will yield
to every rational desire on the part of the real people of Eng-
land; but to your desires they will turn a deaf ear. Hence
your venomous declamations against them. You desire their
subjugation—you wish them to truckle to you and the spiritual
despots who rule Ireland with an iron rod—and because they
have too much spirit to crouch under such base hounds, you
proclaim a -war of extermination against them. That your de-
signs will be frustrated there is no doubt whatever, as is evident
from your applauding auditories.

4.—" Sir Robert Peel stands on the one side as the advocate
of the aristocracy. I a►n counsel on the othor side. lam for
the people."

Tide; is quite in the insinuating vein of every mountebank
who assumes the character of a patriot—for the furtherance of
his own selfish ends. What man ever paid more deference to
popular opinion than Sir Robert Peel? What man,wore be.
loved by the intelligent pa f this realm, as atPliapright
statesman and an accomplished ? This veneratv of
your political antagonist, which has (~14# so universalliraif-
fused among all ranks, from the palace to Cottage, is doll
and bitterness to you. Counsel for the. people",,indeed! Tay
what class of the people are you retained ? Who lids furnished
you with, your brief? Who has tendered you the fee? Before
what judges do you plead ? Go, vile compound of mendicity
and mendacity—go to your own native seclusion in the conge-
nial gloom of Derrynane, and seek not to impose upon the peo-
ple of England by your ridiculous twaddle.
5. "The government ought to be miserly, because it *de
money of the poor after all that they spend."
This sentence contains an unqualified lie. You seem to hint
that the rich do not pay any taxes at all: Yori must intend
this, or nothing. If it is the money of the pcor exclusively
which, "after all," defrays the expenses of the government,
then it is plain that the rich contribute no portion whatever of
the taxes! The truth is, that all payments come out of ajoiut
stock, to which the rich furnish their proper ratio. If there are
rich men receiving salaries, may we not say that these sums aro
taken out of the pockets of the rich, whilst the mousy paid by
the poOr supports the hundreds of thousands of the poor them-
selves who are dependents upon government? This preaching
about economy is rather inconsistent with the practice of a fel-
low that .extorts a tribute of £16,000 per year from the pockets
of the poor of Ireland, for the sacrifice of professional emolu-
ments which might have averaged JA(YH) a year!
6.—" Reel makes a set speech at Tamworth, and rails against
the House of Commons."

Another lie.. Sir.itobert Peel..never. indulged,in any such
railing; but I know a man who called the House of Commons
five hundred scoundrels.
7.—" There is a safety in a second house of legislation, on
the simple principle of acting as a check upon the other."
That a House of Peers, elected for three or six years, and
under precisely the same influence as the House of Commons,
should act as a check upon the latter, is perfectly inconceivable.
Whatever faction obtains the majority in the lower will un-
doubtedly obtain a similar asceud'incy in the upper house.
You only want a House of Lords to record the proceedings of
the commons. 'Why not dispense wtth such a needless ap'-
pendage ? This compound system of representation would
only impede the course of parliamentary business. The ab-
surdity of your plan serves to prove the wisdom of our ances-
tors, who established a substantial check to a reckless House of
Commons in an independent hereditary peerage. You only
discover your folly in endeavouring to mend the system.
B.—" Is there a single man amongst you that would employ
an hereditary tailor? That principle of common sense will go
abroad about the lords. Whether hereditary legislators or
tailors we'll have none of the botches at all."

This whimsically expressed objection would serve just as
well if employed against hereditary monarchs; and, were you
not too cowardly to risk your personal safety, you would have
used it against the present king. But, even here, you are a
fool with all your pretensions to wit. Would not every man—
not a tenant of Bedlam—naturally prefer having his coat made
by a tailor brought up with a tailor? If educated in the mys-
teries of his craft by his father, so much the better: this would
be some guarrantee for his proficiency. But what a goose that
man would prove himself, who would go to a clod-hopper, or a
lazy ignorant beggar, to have his coat made ? Why should we
seek our legislators among a dirty set, of brawling pothouse de-
claimers, possessed of no more qualifications for the office than
a tinker for the profession .of a physician.
9.—" What care I for the humbugging of 'the principles of
the constitution ?' I tear aside the veil, reduce this fine to
plain terms, and find that it means that 170 men shall have
sole dominion of the rest."

What an admirable exposition of the "principles of our con-
stitution!" - But, in sober sadness, how can you have the
audacity to repeat such a glaring falsehood as to say that the
170 peers who opposed Lord Melbourne are the only people in
the kingdom who abominate his policy? This assertion has
been refuted a thousand times. I beg leave to tell you, once
more, and that in the most emphatical language which I can
employ, that the House of Lords, in opposing your creatures
in the present ministry, only acted in perfect accordance with
the sentiments of the vast majority of the English people.
Were then any evidence wanting to establish, this well known
fact, we-have it supplied in the notorious circumstance of there
being a majority of the reprentatives of the English people de-
cidedly opposed to you and your admirers. Attempts have
been made to enslave the people of England. There is a party
prepared to ride roughshod over their rights and privileges—
there is a despotic faction anxious to invest itself with supreme
control over the lives and property of sixteen millions of free
born Englishmen ; but that clique is composed of Daniel
O'Connell, Joseph Hume, and a needy host of republicans and
ana rch ists.

I cannot wade any further through the filthy stream of abuse
which you have poured forth against your betters. You flatter
yourself with having created a great sensation in the kingdom.
So you have; but it manifests itself in ineffable scorn towards
you and your employers. The electors of the kingdom you
cannot influence. Of the thousands that have stunned your
ears with their rapturous plaudits, there were not a hundredth
last who were entitled to vote for members of parliament..
11,"yir, the constituency is sound and safe. The lords mac,
theiikre, laugh at your itinerant exhibitions.
have the honour to remain,
°-. With the ithpost contempt for your character,
Liverpalk, Sept. 28, 1835., A WELSHMAN.
•

Loss OF THE AptOL STEAMER.—Extract tt letter from the
agent to Lloyd'a,' .itt Aberdeen :—" The Athol steamer, John
Burton, master, on her Ye:F.44l,e. from Dundee to NeYeeastle, en-
countered a dreadful gale on Monday everi7ng;
when about five to six miles to the sbilthward of Coquet Island,
and struck a tremendous sea, which lAl:,;ber almost upon her
beam-ends, and caused her to strain so'.'iriuch that the crew
could not keep her free, after labouring at the.tump all night.
On Tuesday morning (29th ult.), at day light, they hoisted a
signal of distress, and about eight, A.M. they perceived a smack
bearing down to their assistance. About ten A.M. the vessel
came under her lee, and proved to be the fishing smack Flora,
of London, J. Scott, master, who immediately sent his boat and
four hands to them, with orders to bring two female passengers
and the crew, two by two at a time, on hoard his vessel. In this
way he succeeded in saving the whole (six in number); and
after dodging about for a couple of hours near the steamer, and
seeing that they could not save her, he bore away for the nearest
port, and landed Captain Burton and his crew. and the two
female passengers, all well, here this morning. After the Athol
became unmanageable she drifted a considerable distance. and
when he left. her she was off St. Abh's Head. about 45 miles'
distance—depth of water 43 fathoms. Captain Scott behaved
in the most humane and attentive manner to the crew and pas-
sengers, who feel most grateful fur his kindness."

OBSERVANCE OF THE TM-CENTENARY OF THE
PRINTING OF THE BIBLE.

At all the protestant places of worship in. this' town on Sunday
last, the great event of which that day was the three hundredth
anniversary, was celebrated with praises and thanksgivings,
and Was alluded to from the pulpit, or rather formed the subject
on which the preachers addressed their several congregations.
They all agreed iu enforcing one great truth, namely, that to
the publication of THE WORD OF GOD in the vernacular, tongue,
unmutilated and free from the fraudulent interpretations and
the still more fraudulent interpolations of the church of Rome,
we, as a nation, owe, first, our redemption from the debasing
thraldom of popish exactions and popish superstitions; and se-
condly, the establishment of the civil and religious liberty we
now enjoy, to which the spirit of popery is so arrogantly
opposed.
There was, however, one, and but one, solitary, we had almost
said melancholy, exception to the course which we commenced
with saying was adopted by ALL the protestant clergy of Liver-
pool. That exception was the ,pastor of St..lllary's Chapel; he,
it seems, did nut consider it necessary to enlighten the bodily
or the mentally blind of the flock committed to his charge by a
single allusion to the subject which must have been uppermost
in their minds. The tenets of catholicism have been frequently
attacked by that gentleman. Why was he silent on this occa-
sion ? Are we to draw conclusions from what he does not ad-
vance ? But if the congregation of St. Mary's Chapel are
content that their minister, on the recurrence of an important
event like that of Sunday last, should act differently from the
great body of the clergy, and not in unison with the feelings of
the great body of protestants, we have nu right to complain--
that is their concern, not ours.

(ADVERTISEMENT.)

TIIE POWDER MAGAZINES.

TO THE EDITOR OP THE LIVERPOOL ST,I)VDARD.

Sig,-Iu your paper of the 29th ult., I find some remarks ap-
pended to a notice " from a correspondent," of an intended
meeting, respecting the removal of the Gunpowder Magazines,
which I am convinced you would not have made bad you been
better informed on that subject, or had you given due consider-
ation to the important interests which the question involves.
Your correspondent states the quantity of powder kept in the
Magazines as varying from twenty to forty thousand barrels.
In answer 6i ills assertion only to 'ohs-erre that four
thousand barrels is the largest quantity that can be stowed
away in them. So much for that part of the atrair.
I purposely abstained from any comment on the intended
meeting, until that meeting had been held, and until -its pro-
ceedings had been made public. The meeting 1 • ing taken
place, and-the resolutions agreed to having bce uly recorded
in your paper, I shall now proceed to make me observations
upon them. •
The first resolution declares:—
" That the continuance of the Powder agazines in this parish
(Wallasey) is, from the vast quantity of powder deposited there,
highly dangerous to the lives and property of the tuhabitauts
of this part of the county, and of the town and neighbourhood
of Liverpool, and interposes a considerable cheek to the pro•
gross of improvement, and the landowners and the inhabitants
of this parish' will endeavour to obtain the removal of so peril-
ous a depot."
In direct contradiction to the statement put forth in this re-
solution, I have to state the well-known fact that land on the
Cheshire side of the Mersey has within the last ten years been
quintupled in value; that, notwithstanding the situation of the
Magazines, buildings are rapidly increasing in their immediate
neighbourhood, and that the speculators by whom they have
been and are now being erected receive an ample remunera-
tion for their investments. _ .

The second resolution directs that the opinion of the attorney-
general and Sir William Follett be taken as to the probable
success of an attempt to remove the magazines by an indict-
ment ;—The third,—should the opinion be unfavourable to
this kind of experiment—That steps be taken to procure an act
of parliament to effect that object.
What the opinions of these distinguished lawyers will be will
of course depend upon the case submitted to their consideration.
Assuming that all the facts connected with it will be fully and
fairly stated, and taking into consideration that the builders and
occ-upiers of houses near the Magazines have voluntarily braved
whatever of danger they may have incurred—unless these
,];earned persons are to make a law for the occasion, I think
'their answer will be, " the law can do nothing for you; if nui-
sance it be, you have gone' to the nuisance; if in buying saud-
hills fer a song, and building houses and planting vineyards upon
them, you have expended your money foolishly, you must take
the consequences upon yourselves; you may improve your pro-
perty by all legal means and the removal of the Magazines may
have that effect ; but, as lawyers, we cannot advise you to com-
mence a mere experimental action to assist a private specula-
tion; the thing will be too palpable, too barefaced to succeed."
The fourth resolution, contemplating that this or a similar
answer will be returned, directs that the act of Parliamant to be
applied for shall contain a clause charging "the expences
thereof, and all monies necessary for the purposes of the said
act" on the rates of the parishes of Wallasey and Liverpool! In
other words, we, the inhabitants of Liverpool who chance to be
rate-payers. a very large portion of whom are located beyond
the possibility of danger, are to be taxed for the purpose of in-
creasing the value of the land purchased by speculators in the
neighbourhood of Liscard and the Red Noses ! Surely it would
have been more consistent with common sense to have sought
the removal of the magazines before the lands in question were
bought or built upon.
The fifth resolution requests the corporation of Liverpool to
assist the gentlemen of Wallasey in their application to parlia-
ment. They; the resolutionists, appear not to be aware that
the land on which the magazines are built belongs to the ancient
corporation of Liverpool, who leased it to the several gunpowder
manufacturers by whom it is now occupied. I apprehend the
existing; corporation *ill not seek to revoke their own "act and-
deed," and I can hardly imagine that the new corporation, un-
less it be a liberal one, would like to comineuce their operations
by levying a tax on the town of Liverpool for purposes with
Which the town is not materially and generally interested.
The magazines at Liscard have been established for upwards
of one century and a half, and, during that time, and more es-
pecially when the African trade was carried on here to a very
great extent, vessels sailed almost daily with from 150 to 700
barrels of gunpowder on board, no accidental explosion has been
recorded, nor has the slightest damage been done within the
range of the magazines. The only explosion That has taken
place was that of the Sarah. This vessel with 600 barrels of
gunpowder iu her hold was blown up, when lying off the Maga-
zines. All on board, with the exception of one man, perished;
but the houses in the immediate neighbourhood of the maga-
zines received no injury, and the shock was scarcely felt in the
town of Liverpool.
I would ask these disinterested agitators of the " Powder Ma-
gazine Removal Question," whether they are aware, that the
trade in gunpowder is carried on to a great extent in London ;
that there are a great number of magazines on both sides of the
River Thames, and in the immediate neighbourhood of maeu-
factories and ship-building yards, docks and houses ? Are they
aware that at Chester the government store never contains less
than two thousand barrels of 'Power proof powder ? Do they
know that there are government or private stores at Flint,
Carnarvon, Bangor, Truro, Bristol, Swansea, Exeter, and fifty
other places, which excite no apprehension of danger ? and
lastly, I would ask you, Sir, whether all these stores are to be
removed—for it we begin with one we must go on with the
whole--to allay the fears of a few faint-hearted friends and
land jobbers, who have chosen to pitch their tents in a place of
supposed danger?
The gunpowder trade is one of great importance to the coun-
try at large. The importation of brimstone and saltpetre gives
employment to many thousand tons of British shipping. The
capital invested in gunpowder works is itnmense ; the work-
men employed in its several branches very numerous; a con-
stant supply of it at convenient places is absolutely necessary
for the prosecution of all our works in lead, copper, and iron
mines—to say nothing of the mines ft om whence we extract our
black diamonds, which, in this manufacturing country, are inure
valuable than all the minesof Mexico and Peru.
The idea of seeking to remove the magazines by an indict-
ment as a nuisance, has fraud and injustice engrossed so. legibly
upon any and every part of the proceeding, that I am surprised
to find any honourable mind entertaining the proposal for a
single minute. An application to parliament, provided the
parties aggrieved are prepared to pay all the expenses, I have
less objection to, although I do not think it necessary; because
no act for the removal of them could be obtained, unless it con-
tained a provision for the complete indemnification of every in-
terested party, at the expense of those who feel aggrieved by its
continuance where it now stands. The amount of that corn
pensation will, I guess, be pretty considerably large.
Before I conclude, in order to relieve the minds of the timid
froth apprehensions of danger, I have to state that copper
hammers and copper anvils are always used in the magazines;
that the workmen are furnished with list slippers to put on when
they enter them; that in the construction of the buildings tree-
nails only are used; that there is no iron in or near the build-
ings to act as conductors of lightning, from which alone there
could be any danger; and that every precaution is taken to
prevent the possibility of an accidental explosion.
I am, Sir, yours, &c. tec.
CONSERVATOR.

TOWER MENAGERIE.—None of this once excellent and valu-
able collection of animals now remains, the empty dens, cages,
&c., being only to be seen. The Zoological Gardens have com-
pletely superseded the Tower collection, which has been consi-
derably diminishing of late years, and which was private pro-
perty, and under private management, at its unprofitable and
final close.

Tin DRIVERS AND THE DRIVEN.—TO many travellers in
stage-coaches it is little known that an English baronet, and
also a brother of another baronet, are, at the present moment,
the drivers of two distinguished staire-emiches, and contrive, by
the dexterity of their "bloody-hand" to keep the whip-hand of
many professional competitors.

A Goon I is Ist' Colonel Kemyss, of the 40th regiment,
was remarkable for the studied pomposity of his diction. One
day observing that a careless man in the ranks had a particu-
larly dirty face, which appeared not to have been washed for a
twelvemonth, he was eXceetlingly indignant at so gross a viola-
tion of military propriety. "Take him," said he to the corporal,
who was an Irishman, " take the man. and lave bins in the wa-
ters of the Guadiana." After smile time the corporal returned.
" What have vou done with the man I sent with you?" in-
quired the colimel. Up flew the corporal's right hand across
Use peak of the cap—" Sure an't plaice y'r honour, and did'nt
v'r honour tell me to tare bins in the river? and sure enough I
left him in the river, and there be is now, according to y'r hon-
nor's orders." The byestanders, and even the colonel himself,
could hardly repress a smile at the facetious mistake of the
honest corporal, who looked innocence itself, and wondered
what there could be to laugh at.
„ TREATMENT -OF BRITISH SEAMEN IN B HSSIA•---We can
sclreely,meet a shipmaster that visits a Russian port who does
not complain of ill-treatment by the Russian Customhouse
zfficers, or of the exorbitant port charges exacted, which aie
mole than triple the amount levied on Russian vessels of equal
tonnage entering a British port. The following is one of many
instances we have heard:— rhe schooner Isabella, of Kirkaldy,
was at Cronstadt in August last; and it is matter of notoriety
that all seamen at Petershurgh are obliged tocook their victuals
on shore. On or about the 10th August, Wm. Robertson, cook
of the Isabella, was going on shore, carrying oatmeal in a
wooden dish, in order to cook the breakfast of
.04 crew, when,
in passing the booms, one of the Custom-house officers eta-
'tinned there stirred the meal and salt svith an instrument he
had in his hand and upset it. on whirls the cook challenged him
for so doing, whereupon the officer seized him, took him out of
his boat, and carried him before the police magistrates, who,
without any investigation, hut simply the word of the officer,
sentenced bins to three days' slavery, and to carry stones to the
roads at the docks. Surely our ambassador. or consul ought to
remonstrate with the Russian government for such infunous
treatment of British seamen.—Fijcshire Jeered.

" Are yea the man," said the American coachman to Duke
Bernard, of Saxe. Weimar, "that is to go in that carriage?"
" Yes." "Then lam the gentleman that is to drive you."
A stone-tnason died a short time since at Woolwich, who had
been employed three years prior to his death in making his own
brick grave, and erecting his own tomb-stone. He carried the
work on to the finishing of the inscription, leaving only a blank
fur the date. -

Matta tuo.—On the 7th, at Haverford West, Thomas George
Goune, Esq., of Stile Park. Pembrokeshire, to Mary, youngest
daughter of the late R. B. Prest, Esq.
Curious doings at H.sverford West!
Where is the bride who lately was Prest?
" Presto, pass!" said the Reverend Don,
And, Neigh cockolorum, she's here and Gonne !—Age..

Tftk Di NGARVON PRIESTS.—We are glad to find that Mr.
GalWey, who, by priestly tyranny and influence, lost his elec-
tion recently for Dungarvon, is determined upon exposing the
infamous conduct of those " amiable and exemplary men," as
Lord Plunkett designated them. Mr. Galwey, whois himself
a Roman catholic of the old Irish school, stated the following.
instance in open court of the vindictive and intolerant exercise
of priestly authority. This gentleman said, on the first day of
the late election, that his will. and children were forced to leave
the chapel on the preceding Sunday, in consequence of the foul
and filthy abuse levelled at him by the priest from the altar
during the time he was performing the service of worship to
God! On another occasion, Mr. Galway also stated that when
Mrs. Galway was lying on a sick bed one of these sacerdotal
scoundrels took the opportunity of writing an insulting letter,
denouncing in brutal terms. her husband. On being asked why
be did so ? this cowled ruffian replied, " Because I'll be a
greater thorn in her side than Father Fogarty." " Yet these—
" be thy.gods, 0 Israel!"—these are the men whom we are said
to calumniate. Hear the evidence of Mr. Galwey, a Roman
eatholit, who would fain emancipate himself and his unhappy
country from the tyranny of such a set, and say who are the
calumniated l- ...49e.
ANOTHER WIGGETT AT WORK.—A fortnight ago we showed
how that immaculate senator, Mr. Edward Deliver Wigeett,
had attempted to sneak his name upon the register for Aliddle-
sex for a house in which he had lived but six months, he well
knowing that twelve months' residence was required. Now we
have to notice a-similar iece of low trickery- on the part of his
brother, Mr. Henry Butwer Wiggett, the illustrious member
for Marylebone. This worthy young gentleman on Tuesday
last claimed to vote fur the county of Middlesex, in respect of a
house thus fashionably situated—" Nu. 1, George-street, St.
George's parish, 1411iechoyel." It came out that Mr. Henry
Bulwer's attorney had already established. a claim for the very
same property, upon which the bun. member for the rump of
Marrowbone was struck elf. What sneaking, petty, despicable
work this is! Here are, two members ofparliament, who ought
to know the act, who are erpetual brawlers for the proprieties
Of pure election—yet, in defiance of them, and iu defiance of
the reform act, they endeavour surreptitiously to obtain votes
upon false qualifications. We should like to know where their
qbalitications as members of parliarneat are.situated

Several bodieS of men have been recently sent from the Bri-
tish troops in Spain to this country. Strange rumours are
afloat respecting the discipline and state of the new levies. The
Want of provisions and of those comforts which the English re•
cruits expected in the service of the Queen, led, it is slid, to a
mutinous spirit, and some have aetnally. been sent borne, to
prevent their deserting to the Cellists. The punishment of
flogging is resorted to with severity.—London paper. [The
punishment of flogging inflicted upon the pattints who form the
army of the Generalissimo Evans! What will the people of
We;tniinster say to this ?—E.L.S
MASQUERADE TRICK.-- At t late masquerade in Malta given
by the Jady of the English governor, two British officers ap-
peared in the character of a couple of large bottles of blacking,
Labelled, the one, " Day and Martin," the other, " Warren,
Strand." After moving about in great style for some time,
they ran against each other and broke all ;o pieces, when out
jumped two harlequins, who amused the company with many
ingenious tricks and witty artifices.
THE KNowLE PARK BEECH.—This most magnificent tree in
Knowle Park, Kent, is the largest undecayed and entire beech
in the kingdom. It was measured a few weeks ago, and these
are its dimensions:—circumference of the stein, six inches from
the ground, 39 feet 5 inches; four feet above, 28 feet 1 inch ;
seven feet above, 25 feet; one spiral limb, fourteen feet from the
ground, 15 feet; mean height, 89 feet ; circumference of ground
covered by branches, 347 feet.
IRON. —lt is not uncommon to case-harden rail-road plates,
by casting them upon a piece of cold iron; this method, termed
chilling. is more especially resorted to in the casting of cylin-
ders fur rolling metal, forge hammer faces, and counowstithies.
At a public meeting in England the weather was warm, and
there stood near me a little fat gentleman, who seemed much
incommoded by the crowd. There came pressing behind him
a tall, raw-boned man, holding it memorandum in his hand.
" What do mean, sir, (said the fat gentleman,) by crowding and
jostling in this manner? Who are you, sir ?" "Sir, I'm one
of the gentlemen connected with the press." " 1 thought so,
(was the ready reply,) for you have nearly squeezed my ribs
in."—Twenty Years in Retirement.

BEAUTY OF ENGLISHWOMEN.—CertainIy our fair country-
women do bear away the palm of beauty. Much of this depends
on our climate; something on our simple diet ; but more. I
think, on. our language, which requires less movement of the
muscles of the face than that of any other Eumpean tuition.
The French, in particular, from the pronunciation of their lan-
guage, have, after a certain age, the lines about the mouth very
strongly defined, which certainly dues not add to their beauty.
The gesticulation of the English is also much less Until that of
foreigners; but whether this arises from the copiousness of our
language, which needs no accessories to convey the meaning of
the speaker, or from the phlegmatic character of the people, is
more than I can pretend to say. This, however, I have ob-
served, that after having been long accustomed to the faces of
Englishwomen, the features of the French appear hard; and,
vice versa, when in the habit of seeing French countenances,
those of my countrymen appear hisipid.—From Captain Blaki,
ton's New Work—" Twenty Yeats of Retiretnent."
Tuesday last, being Michaelmas Day, the customary grand
cmumen-day of this corporation was held, at which it has been
usual to swear in the new mayor and other officers of the
borough. After some routine business a discussion took place
as to whether the mayor and officers of the past year ought not
to he continued according to a clause,of rise-new municipal cor-
porations .act. •
,Sevet al of time burgtoses wercittLe4ggsw. that ibe,
mayor elect should be installed, in which (pinion they Were
strengthened by that of Sir C. Wetherell, who had been con-
sulted. The opinion of Professor Starkie had also been taken,
and he spoke decidedly to the propriety of the old officers being
continued until the end of .the year. It was at length' decided
by a large majority that the present officers should be conti-
nued. The vice-chancellor, attended by the proctors, &c.,
went to the Town-hall as usual, and, on his arrival, addressed
the mayor, observing that he attended • there according to
ancient custom to swear in any gentleman to the office of mayor
of the town whom the corporation should present to him. The
rev. gentleman having been informed that there was no gentle-
man to whom the oaths were to be administered retired, and the
hall was shot tly after adjourned.—Cambridge Chronicle.

Manta:mom-a e LOTTERY.—On the 21st day of December lasts
I was through the State of Smith Carolina, and in the State was
quickly informed that the family was invited to a wedding at a
neighbouring house, and, on being requested, I changed .my
clothes and went with them. As soon as the young people were
married, the company was seated and most profound silence en-
sued, (the man of the house being religious.) A young lawyer
then rose and addressed the company very handsomely, and fin-
ishing his discourse, begged leave to ofter a new scheme of
matrimony, which he believed and hoped would be found bene-
ficial. On obtaining leave, he proposed : That one man in the
company should be selected as president; that this president
should be duly sworn to keep entirely secret all communications
that should be forwarded to his official department that night;
and that each unmarried gentleman and lady should write his or
her name on a piece of paper, and under it place the person's
name with whom they wished to marry--Then hand it to the
president for inspection; and if &ay lady or gentleman had re-
ciprocally chosen each other, the president was to inform each
of the result; and those who had not been reciprocal in their
choices were to be kept entirely secret. After the appointment
of the president the communications were accordingty handed
up to the chair, and it was found that twelve young men and
ladies had reciprocated their choices, but whom they had chosen
remained a secret to all but themselves and the president. The
conversation changed, and the company retired. Now hear the
conclusion : I passed through the same place on the 14th of
March followiug, and was told that eleven of the twelve matches
had been solemnized, and the youg gentlemen of eight couples
of the eleven had declared that their diffidence was sr) great that
they certainly should not have addressed their respective wives
if the above scheme had not been introduced. Gentlemen under
twenty, and ladies under fourteen, were excluded as unmarriages
ab l e.—A sae i iean Paper.
THE BANK OP ENGLAND AND ITS BRANCIIEL—A change
has recently taken place in the mode of transacting business
between the Bank of England and the branch hanks in the coun-
try, which claims some notice, as all such changes are produc-
tive more or less of inconvenience to the public. Heretofore
the practice was, when payments were to be made in London
through the branch banks, for the parties to a bill payable in
2ldays, or some fixed term, after date, which, when arrived at
maturity, 'became in all respects the same .as a banknote, and
exacted no trouble whatever from the holder. Latterly, instead
of this practice, at which no exception ha. been taken, nor any
complaint made, the plan adopted is tar give a bill payable seven
or more days after sight. which document is of no value to the
possessor until presented at the Bank for accentance in the same
manner as an ordinary bill of exchange. To many persons, es-
Teeially where the vans are small, .and the. parties not much
conversant with business, this is found to be highly inconvenient,
and the whole thing is, in fact, greatly complainedsof. It is said
that this is done in consequence of a question introduced into
the cross bill in equity filed by the directors of the London and
Westminister Bank against the Bank of England, which asks
how the latter can possibly sustain any injury by the acceptance
and taking up bills by the former corn t,arty, when they (the
hank of England) never do any business cif that kind? The
bank directors, it is imputed, are preparing themselves to put
in an answer to that question, by this new.practice of accepting
bills from the country branches' it is so difficult to believe, how-
ever, that a step of this kind can have been taken by a great
corporation with no other view than that of-keeping up a hostile
.contest with a rival with a small capital, and ti very remote
chance indeed of ever becoming formidable, imposing at the
-same time very unnecessary trouble on the public, that this
view of the case ought nut to be adopted except upon the strooga
est and clearest evinciice. Some explanation seems, however,
to be necessary.—Morsting Paper,
EXTRACT PIWAI TIIE PHILADEI,pIIIA FREEMAN'S JOURNAL.
Every discovery, no matter of what !while, in a lesser or
greater degree, adds lustre to the human lintel, and rearcis
credit on the individual who, by his zeal, industry. :end re-
searches, has brought to perfection such discovery. But in the
illimitable field of chemistry, how much more is due to him,
who shall effect in t hat-exhrinst less science, an useful prepara-
tion, so as to make age appear young, and to adorn beauty. 1
have been led to this remark, by having seen the wondrous
effects produced by the application of - Oldridge's Balm of
Columbia upon those who had been bald, or whi,se hair bad been
thin and weak. From the respectability of the recommendesaa
of this precious capillary restoring and preserving halm. ;Md.
from conversations with others who have made trial of it, 1 mitts
induced to use it, in order t 9 satisfy myself. I was hereditarily
bald, and was the sport of pdy juvenile associates, whom nature
had endowed with this .of amental clothing. ' 'heir scoffs and
jeers I bore with a philosophical froidcur. iltivi • yips,. tried a
great vs riety of unlions, none of which KIT the e f -
venting the fatting (a, much less of restoring to me my ,1'
consequently declined them, after patient and reiterated attempts
as spurious in two. Still anxious, in an advanced period of age,
to appear no Old9rtilail 1 reallVayas, I tesested to Oldridge's
Balm, and,to Ay utter astonishment; and to the wonder of those
who greWl with my growth, strengthened with my strength,
anddeclined into the vale of years with me, I can boast as fine
a covering of hair as any of ray acquaintance, front sixteen to
thirty years of age." ..---
OLDRID E'S BALM causes whiskers a 'eye-brows to
grow, prevents the hair from turning grey,. the first applica-
tion makes it curls beautifully, frtles .l fr scurf, and stops the
hair from falling off. Abundanee eitificates front gentle-
men of the first respectability in gland, are shown by the
proprietors, C. and A. Oldridges Wellington-street, Strand,
ondon, where the Balm is sold, end by all respectable Per-
fumers and Medicine 'Venders—Price 3s. 6d., 6s. and Ils, per
bottle.

CARRIER Pin.Eotsa.--sWe have tiot,a dould alit_ it is the
eye alone. that the carrier pigeon perfoima those extraordmar3
aerial journevs which hive front the eatliest ages excited asto-
nishment. We 'have frequently witnessed the expdritnent made
With other pigeons of taking timent to a distance frdm a dove
cot, expressly to obseoe their manner of finding. their Away
back, and we feel satisfied thut their proceediugs are arniforinly
the smite. On being let go front the bag in which that' have
been carried, in order to: conceal from their notice the objects
on the road, they dart off nu an irregular excursion, as if it
were erture to ascertain the reality of their freedom than tai
make an effort to return. ....When they find thetus,lves at full
liberty, they direct their flight in circles round the spat whence
they had been liberated, increasing the diameter of the circle
at every round, and rising at the saute time gradually higher.
This is continued as long as the eye can discern the birds, and
hence we conclude that it is also continued after we lose:sight
of them, a constautls' increasing circle being made till they att
certain some known object enabling them to shape a direct
course. It is not a little interesting to contrast the proceedings
just described with those of a pigeon let off from a balloon eres
vated above the clouds. Instead'of rising in circles like the
'former, the balloon pigeon drops perpendicularly down, like a
plummett, till it is able to recognise some indi-cations of the
earth helew, when it begins to wheel round and descend spirally,
increasing in diameter, for the evident purpose of surveying its
locality and discovering some object previously known, by
which to direct its flight.
AsEcnore OF Da. Jo oNsoN.—After Waiting some short time
in the adjoining room, I was admitted to Dr. Johuson in his
bed-chamber, where, after placing me next him on the chair;
(he sitting in his usual place on the east side of the room, and
I on his right hand) he put into my hands two volumes, an edi-
tion of the New Testament, as he afterwards told me, saving,
"Extremum hoc intuins morientis habeto." He then pro-
ceeded to observe that I was entering upon a life which would
lead me deeply. into all the business of the world : that he did
not condemn civil employments, but that it was a state of great.
danger, and that he had therefore one piece of advice earnestly
to impress upon me, that I
would set apart every seventh day
for the care of my soul. That one day, the seventh, should be
employed in repenting what was amiss in the six precedirvs,
and fortifying my virtue for the six to come. That surely sue%
a portion of time was little enough for the meditation of eter-
nity.— /Vier/ham': Journal, Dcc. 7.
ORIGIN OF EATING GooSE ox MIcHAELM ts DAY.—Queen
Elizabeth, on her way to Tilbury Fort, on the 29th of September
1589, dined at the ancient seat of Sir Neville Umfreville, near
that place, and as British Bess had much rather dine off a high
seasoned and substantial dish than a simple fs;,.asee or ragout,
the knight thought proper to provide a bra;•e of tine geese to suit
the palate of his royal guest. After the Queen had dined heartily
she asked for a halespint bumper of burgundy, and drank " De-
struction to the Spanish armada." She -had but that moment
returned the glass to the knight who bad done the honours of
the table, when the news came (as if the Queen had been pos-
sessed with the spirited' prophecy) that the Spanish fleet had
been destroyed' by a storm. She immediately tenk another bum
per. in order to digest the geese and good news, and was so-
much pleased with the. event that every year after on that day
she had the shove excellent dish servea up, The courrmade it
a custom, and the people the fashion ever since.
RoMISH easuisray.—Dens tells us, that "he who denies
hifitself\to he a priest, when he really is one, only tells a mere
official lie."—Vol. it. p. 65. See ilf‘Gliee's Letter, p. S. Now
it is remarkable that the-same species of falsehood is denounced
by the great Lightfoot. "1 cannothut admire the impudency,
as well as abhor the wickedness of the Jesuits' doctrine of equi-
vocation; a doctrine that bath put on a whore's forehead, a bra-
zen face, and the devil's impudency itself, liefoie semen, as well
as it path clothed itself with abominableness before God. It is
a doctrine that teacbeth omen to lie, and yet will maintain that
they lie not. A trick beyond the devil's; he turns truth into a
lie : these can turn a lie into truth. A popish priest or Jesuit
is brought before a protestant magistrate; he puts him to his
oath; 'Are you a popish priestor Jesuit?' they will swear No!
roundly, having this reserve in their mind, I am not a priest to
you; or, I am not a priest of the English church ; or, I tern not
a Jesuit to tell you, or be your confessor; or some such lurking
thought reserved in his mind."--Lightfuot's Remains, vol. i. p.
191. Pitman's edition.

CasT-re cm—Sea water, by some unexplained process, so
alters the nature of cast-iron, that its cohesion appears to be
quite destroyed. Cannon which have been fished up, after lying
long in the sea, have been found converted through their -sub-
stance into something resembling plurubago, and admitting of
being cut with a knife.
DISCOVERY OP AN ANCIENT CHURCH IN CORNWALL—At
Perranportb, Mr. Michell has recently removed the sand from
the oldest church
.in the parish, which appears to have been
overwhelmed by it, according to tradition, faintly supported by
records, 500 or.ooo years ago. The church wants nothing to
render it complete except its roof and doors. The length within
the walls is 25 feet; breadth 14 feet; and the height of the
walls the same. At the eastern end is a neat altar of stone co-
vered with lime. The congregation were accommodated with
some seats attached to the walls of the nave. In the south wall
is a Saxon arched door-way, highly ornamented, 7 feet 4 inches
high by 2 feet 4 inches wide. The key-stone of the arch pro.
jects 8 inches, on which is rudely sculptured a tiger's head.
The floor was composed of sand and lime, under which bodies
were unquestionably buried, the skeletons of two having been
discovered. It is very remarkable that no vestige of a window
has been found, unless a small aperture of inconsiderable di-
mensions, in the south wall of the chancel, and which is ten
feet above the surface of the floor, should be considered one.
Around this interesting building lie thousands of human hones
exposed to desecration, the winds having removed the sand in
which they were deposited.
BROWNENTT'S REGISTRY OF LIVERPOOL—WO take leave
to tail the attention of the public to the advertisement of Mr.
Brownentt, respecting his register of houses and other property
to be let or otherwise disposed of, in the town or neighbourhood
of Liverpool.
MAP OF LIVERPOOL AND ITS ENVIRONS.—Mr.
the surveyor, has just published a map of Liverpool and the
country surrounding it to the extent of six miles, including a part
of Cheshire. The villas and houses of the gentry are most ac-
curately marked, together with the adjoining paddocks and
fields, and the names of the proprietors of the land. The par-
liamentary and parochial boundaries are laid down, and the
river soundings are also indicated. The map will he found very.
iiSefet and on that to the notice of
the public.
NATIONAL CHARACTER.—`Some travellers," says the Phi-
ladelphia Gazette, "have defined the Americans to be a notion
that put their knives in their mouths when they eat, instead of
their forks. Others, again, have, described them as a people
that lean hack in heir chairs. There is one definition, however,
thatall of us will plead guilty to. We are a people who are
ling to pay a high price for books that abuse us, and nothing
fur those which speak well of us."
General Evans, it seems, has been under the necessity of
sending home ail his band, whose conduct has been any thing
but harmonious. To drum ant all the drummers is, however,
rather a novelty in military discipline.
THE Gross IN SILK.— How much are we not indebted to
chance for many of our great discoveries in the arts. and iu
trade especially? Here follows a notable instance of the fact as
it regards the latter: Octavio Mey, one of those enterprising
foreigners, svho, in the 17th century, transforred from Italy to
Lyons the industry of the silkworm, and had seen a fortune of
many thousands dissipated in futile and vain speculations—
this man, while musing on the banks of the Soane the means
of repairing his losses, in despair, and absent of mind, was un-
consciously chewing a few shreds of silk, to o high the action of
the teeth gave an unusual lustre. Octavio Mew, perceiving this,
conceived at once the notion that lev a process simple and put e-
ly mechanical the silk might be made to acquire the glossiness
of character which we now find to be a principle in the marinfac
ture of the article in all climates and -places where the trade is
encouraged. This discovery, trifling as it might scent, no' only
saved the inventor from disgrace and bankruptcy, but in the
end tripled his fortune.
Throughout the whole of the south-west of Cornwall the wheat
crops are,of a very superior quality, and not less than from 6111 s.
to 651hs. per Winchester bushel. The barley, also, is remark-
ably fine for inali ing, the Winchester bushel weighing.geneialli
from 501hs. to 5411i5.

THE NEW Poor: L.sws.—On Tuesday one of the Poor Law
Commissioners attended, and called a meeting at Chertsev, for
the purpose of forming an union of parishes, n hen the labourers,
about 150 strong, forced their way into the room, drove the coins
missioner from the house, and threw his papers into the street.
Several of the foremost hm'e been apprehended, and an investi-
gation is going on.—Reading Mercury.
SrocK JOBBING.—The Dutch letters state that on Saturday
last a pigeon, exhausted by hunger and fatigue, flew through an
open window into the sick'quat tors of the garrison of Flushing.
The bird on being taken up was found to benne of the feathered
messengers of the Stock Exchange, which had lost its way and
was unable to proceed further.. It bore under its wing a billet
with the closing prices of Wednesday, end had probably been
driven out of its couase and prevented from reaching its destina-
tion by a bird of prey.
The senate of Frankfort haying been informed that burlesque
represenintions of the manners of that city, where the Jews aro
still the object of exceptional laws, are enacted at the minor
theatres of Paris, in a piece entitled Treize Mariavns, one of its
members proposed that M. Rumpff shou!d be directed to make
a protest. against this proceeding to the French ministry. Tho
member in question observed that the French minister had often
complained of libels directed against the Frencheovernment by
the press of countries where a censorship exists, and that as the
theatres of France were now subjected to a censorship this
courae should be imitated by Frankfurt. What decision the
Senate will come to on this question it is impossible to say.—
Brussels Pape?.
-
Illonr. or EFFECTING MARINE INSURANCE.—If a mei client
wishes to effect en insurance on a shipreent of goods to some
distant port, he gives his broker written Older, to do so. speci-
fying the name of the vessel and captain, the number and value
of the different packages forming the shipment, and every par-
ticular necessary for the information of the underwriters. Übe
broker immediately fills np a printed policy of insurance, bears
ing a stamp according to the amount insured lira the rate of pre-
mium; (the duty is 2s. 6d. per cert. when the pientium is at or
under 20s. : and ss. per cent. if above,) with the requisite par-
ticulars, and presents it to the underwriters, as they are called,
with whom he transacts business. Underwriters make it a rule
never to hazard any large sum upon one ship or cargo ; the
principle of the business being to distribute their risk over as
large a number of vessels as possible, so as to multiply the
indeed will go the length of
''lslXn/eueisto`:,raesscinagpleefprooTcylor a.bourteLX) is. the average amount of
risk usually undertaken by each underwriter on one vessel, or
shipment of goods. Supposing then your ebillarnt to be worth
4'2‘400. your broker will probably get your policy signed by ten
different underwriters, each of whom becomes respensible to
the extent. of £201) in the case of total loss accruing to von. It'
the premium charged be 255. per cent., and the policy stamp
an •additional 55., the total sum paid for the insurance of this
shipment will be £3l), or l per cent.,. exclusive of brokage,
which is usually five per cent. in, the 'premium. This sum you
enter as a charge upon the goods in the invoice. Should the
goods be entirely lost, :you recover the whole value; or if par-
tially lost, or damaged. a proportion according to the amount
of the actual loss sustained by you. In insulin goods, you
should add to the amount of the invoice, the
expenses of insur-
ance and recovery in case of loss or damage.—Marine insurance
companies are only found in very large tit ies or ports. Hence or-
ders for insurance are frequently transmitted from other places
to London. The principal establishment for this purpose in the
hipptropolis is Lloyd's. This establishment has au agent in al-
rifblikLevery port in the world, and is accurately acquainted
througJi. them with the character and condition of almost every
vessel eitittileyed in the mercantile service. When any damage
has arisen shipment of goods insured at Lloyd's, it is the
business of ',f4rir correspondents at the port of discharge, to
cause the residit* agent of that establishment to examine into
and report upon qre alleged loss. This report is sworn to before,
the consul at the Wart, and upon its being received at Lloyd's,
the underwriters Ythli,'§ubseribed your policy pay the amount of
damage reported, accOding to the proportion in which each
underwrote. When gds are insured oy you ass.(hir
isdsio for
oonacis
count of foreign partiek.an addition of (Lat.! ,a
your trouble, and a perecutage for auararo semis rio c. vency
of the underwriters, are rt.:many charged. When you ensure
goods consigned to you fornsale by a foreign house, you charge
the expense of insurance in"your account of sales.— lite Mer•
chart and Banter's CummerCicti Packet Guide.
