EirEptrial Vartianunt.

HOUSE OF LORDS, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 12.
Their Lordships met at half-past four o'clock.
Earl O'NEN.A. took the oaths and his seat.
The Consolidated Fuud Bill was rend a third time, and
passed.—The house then adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 12.
The Speaker entered the house at a quarter past twelve.
Mr. THLCKNESSE gave notice, that, in the committee on the
bank charter, he would move a clause tbr the purpose of pre-
venting injury to the country in seasons of poiitical panic, to
the effect that the directors of the Bank should not, after Janu-
ary, 1836, invest, or continue investing, in the funds more than
the amount subscribed and the surplus capital.
The house was occupied in receiving petitions until three
o'clock, when the Speaker left the chair._

The Speaker resumed the chair at five o'clock.
REPEAL OP THE UNION.
Mr. O'CONNELL cave notice, that on the very earliest day
possible in the next session he should move a resolution de-
claratory of the, means by which the destruction of the Irish
Parliament was effected—of the miseries which the measure
called the legislative union has produced in Ireland—of the
evils which it has inflicted ou the agricultural labourers and
operatives in manufactures in England—of, the accumulating
pressure of the poor laws which it has created in England, and
of the inevitable separation of both countries, which must re-
-suit from continuing the union as .at
.present arranged and
acted upon; and also for leave to bring in a bill to render safe,
secure, and permanent, the connexion between Great Britain
and Ireland by the means of the re-establishment of a domes-
tic legislature in Ireland.

THE BANK QUESTION.
Mr. GISBORNE wished to know what day the noble loid
thorp) would fix for the introduction of the measure respecting
country banks. There were many gentlemen now in town ou
this question who were anxious to, have it brought forward.
Lord ALTHORP said that he would bring itou on as early aday
as possible. He had been in communication with many of the
gentlemen alluded to, and they urged upon him the necessity
of not hurrying it on. He could not at present fix any day
with certainty for it, but he hoped to be able to bring it forward
on au early clay. The noble lord added that he would fix the
Church Temporalities Bill for to-morrow, in the hope that the
subject of the East India question would not occupy the house
any length of time.
The noble Lord then said that he was ready to proceed with
his resolutions respecting Irish tithes, if those hon. members
whose orders stood before his would give way.
It was then agreed that the orders of the day should be read.
The first (Transmission of Property in Ireland Bill) was
postponed. reisoNees' COUNSEL BILL.
On the order for the second reading of this bill being read,
Mr. EwaRT said that he could not consent to postpone it.
He had no objection to the second reading being taken then,
and allowing the discussion of the principle to be deferred to
the next stage of the bill.
After some discussioq, the gallery was cleared for a divi-
sion, but no division tool: place, and the amendment of the
hon. member for Liverpool, that the bill be read a second time
this day week, was agreed to.
DWELLING-HOUSE ROBBERY BILL.
Mr. LENNARD moved that the report on this bill be received,
and the report having been aereed to, the bill was ordered to be
read a third time on Wednesday next.
IRISH TITHES.
The order of the day having been read for the house to re-
solve itself into a committee on the Tithes Act for Ireland, and
Lord Althorp having moved that the Speaker leave the chair,
Mr. LAMBERT moved as an amendment, "That it is the
opinion of this house that the pledges given by ministers that
the bill for the suppression of local disturbances in Ireland
should not be applied to the collection of tithes, and that the
arrears of tithes should be got rid of, have not been fulfilled;
and also that the employment of the military and police forces
in the serving civil process and levying tithes is highly uncon-
stitutional, and ought to be discontinued." (Hear.)
Un a division the numbers were—
For the amendment 45
Against it.. 197
—152
Majority
On the admission of strangers to the gallery the house was
in committee, and
ALTHORP stating. that he would very shortly explain
the object of his proposition. By an act of Parliament passed
in the last session for the composition of tithes in Ireland, from
and after the month of November, 183.3, tenants of land were
not to be liable to the payment of tithes. The effect of this
measure would be, that-sifter the tithes of this year had been
paid the occupying tenants would be no longer called on to pay
tithes. He thought it would be admitted to be most desirable
—indeed circumstances alluded to to-night proved it to be de-
sirable—that Parliament should take measures to relieve occu-
piers of land in Ireland from the payment of tithes from the
present time. (Hear.) It was not in his power to state accu-
rately at the present moment the amount of money which it
would be necessary to advance to the clergy of the established
church ir. order to effect that purpose; but he thought it would
be admitted, that the house ought to pledge itself generally,
that a sum of money should be advanced with a view to afford
this relief, and that government should be empowered to aban-
don (as it had the power to suspend) all process under the ex-
isting law. lie repeated, government ought to have such a vote
as would justify them in suspending proceedings. He trusted,
when this proposition should be agreed to, that the clergy, feel-
ing there would be no pressure upon them, would perceive that
there was no longer any necessity to press the tithe payer for
money, and that in consequence of this altered feeling no fu-
ture case of harshness or severity would arise. (Hear.) The
mode in which the money to be advanced should be repaid
would be by a land-tax in Ireland for a limited number of
years. This tax would be charged, in the first instance, upon
all land, but persons who should have paid the amount of tithes
to which they were liable for the years 1831, 1832, and 1833,
would be exempted from payment of the land-tax on the pro-
duction of their tithe receipts, or upon otherwise proving that
they had paid their tithes. This would be in the nature of a
full acquittance of the tax. He should move that it was
the opinion of this committee that it was expedient that an ad-
vance of money should be made to the clergy of the established
church in Ireland in order to relieve the occupying tenants
from payments on account of arrears of tithes or composition
of tithes during the years 1831 and 1832, and from payment of
tithes and composition of tithes in the year 1833; such advance
to be repaid within a limited time by a land tax, chargeable on
all land liable to payment of tithes, the owners of which should
not have paid the tithes, or composition of tithes, which became
due during such years. (Hear.)
Colonel PERCEVAL asked whether it was intended to include
the tithes of lay improptiators in the plan ?
Lord ALT HOHP replied that he merely intended an advance to
the clergy.
Sir R. PEEL asked whether all anterior demands on the part
of the clergy for arrears of tithes would be extinguished by the
resolution ? It was possible that there might be arrears of an
older date than 1831. He thought it desirable that the resolu-
tion, if agreed to. should be carried at as early a period as pos-
sible, and that it was of the utmost importance to have the true
intent and meaning of the measure clearly and distinctly under-
stood in Ire..and.
Lord ALTHORP said that, considering the situation in which
the clergy of the established church in Ireland were placed, it
was proposed by the resolution that an advance should be made
to them by the government in lieu of the arrears for tithes due
for 1831 and 1832, and for the whole of the tithes of 1833, and
he was sure that on that advance being made the clergy would
give a receipt in full for the three years in question. With re-
gard to the other portion of the right honourable gentleman's
question, he (Lord Althorp) had only to. say that this was a
temporary measure, and that it would notinterfere with any ex-
isting law upon the subject. It was most desirable that this re-
solution should be carried at the earliest possible period, and he
felt that the house should come to a decision upon it in the first
instance, as it would not be possible to proceed further now in
carrying this resolution into effect; he could not now state the
exact amount of the sum that would be proposed to be ad-
vanced.
Mr. SHAW said that no doubt the clergy of Ireland would ac-
cede to the proposition of the noble lord as, upon the whole,
one of fairness and liberality.
After a few words from Mr. O'CONNELL and Sir R. PEEL,
the resolution was agreed to, and, the house having resumed,
the chairman reported progress, and obtained leave to sit again
on Thursday COLONIAL SLAVERY.
Mr. BERNAL brought up the report of the committee upon
colonial slavery. The resolutions were read and agreed to, and
a bill was ordered to be brought in iu.pursuance of the said re-
solutions.
The other orders of the day were then disposed of, and the
house adjourned at a quarter to three o'clock.

HOUSE OF LORDS, THURSDAY, JUNE 13.
On the motion of the Earl of Shaftesbury, the standing or-
ders No. 94 and N 0.99 were dispensed with, and the Serjeants%
inn Agreement Bill was forwarued two stages.
Messengers from the Commons brought up the bill for reduc-
ing the stamp duties on advertisements and marine insurances,
and also several private Wits.
The Earl of RODEN presented a petition from the parish of
Boyle against the measure which, it was understood, was about
to be proposed, for making a change in the established church
of Ireland.
His lordship presented a-similar petition from Sir Hareourt
Lees, which also called their lordships' attention to the obliga-
tions imposed on his Majesty by the coronation oath, pointed
out the mischiefs to be apprehended from political unions, and
prayed to be heard at the bar for the purpose of proving the
wicked conspiracy which existed in Ireland for the purpose of
overturning the Protestant government.

BREACH OF PRIVILEGE.

The Marquis of WESTNIEATII rose to complain of as gross a
breach of privilege, with respect to the rights of their lordships'
house, committed by the proprietor of a public newspaper, as
was ever brought under their lordships' notice. In the outset
he begged leave to state that he did not mean to follow up his
complaint with ally motion ; but he took that opportunity to re-
fute the statements contained in the calumnious and abomin-
able writing of which he complained, and he would leave him
who framed it to the punishment of his own mind. The article
to which he alluded appeared in the Dublin Evening Mail of
Monday last, and it ran thus :—" By the lists in the London
papers, it would appear that Lord Westmeath voted in the mi-
nority on the Duke of Wellington's motion on Monday night;
and, consequently, in favour of ministers. We are unwilling,
on that which has so often proved to be such erroneous author-
ity as a newspaper list, to say of Lord Westmeath what we
think of such base, shuffling, and unworthy conduct as this, if
he have really been guilty of it; but the moment we ascertain
the fact, if it be so, we shall have occasion to direct his lord-
ship's attention to some letters of his in our possession,—letters
of so strong,. furious, and inflammatory a nature, so
abusive of ministers, and so virulently condemnatory of their
measures and proceedings, that we used our best exertions, and
successfully, to withhold their publication. We quarrel with no
man for his politics, and we respect the person who, having
made his election, and taken a side, maintains his principles
and adheres to his party ; but we protest against, and all honest
men wiil join us in decrying, the creature who shifts his posi-
tion as caprice or interest may dictate, alternating between
Wliiggery and Toryism, now a 'Conservative and anon a Radi-
cal. It will give us sincere pleasure to find that Lord West-
meath did not give the vote imputed to him; if he did, he must
abide by the consequences." This most abominable libel had
been copied into all the rest of the Irish papers. Let what
would he said of him, he would still go on thinking honestly
and voting honestly. according to the dictates of his conscience.
Here, the matter ended.
On the motion of the Marquis of Lansdowne, a message was
ordered to the Commons, requesting them to communicate to
their lordships the .report oa the bank charter.

LABOUR RATE
On the motion of the Duke of Richmond this bill was read a
third time and passed, when the House adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, Tneasnitv, JUNE 13.
The Speaker took the chair at a quarter past twelve o'clock.
Mr.,Littleton took the oaths and his seat.
• , . , AFFRAY IN COLDBATIi-FIELDS.
Mr; 40ERUCK‘
.presented a petition from the ,furors who sat
Off the coroner's Inquest on the body of Culley, the policeman,
who was killed in the affray which took place in Calthorpe-
street. The hon. member read the petition at full length, and
