A FARCE AT DUDLEY.

The borough of Dudley was on Monday visited by its
representative, the Solicitor-General. The horses were
taken from the carriage of the Learned Gentleman on his
entrance into town, and he was drawn by the populace to
his hotel in Market-place. A large concourse of the in-
habitants immediately collected„and Sir John was called
upon to address th-em. He then mounted the baraiiche
seat of his carriage, and spoke at great length, giving a
sketch of the part lie had taken in the House of Com-
mons during the past session, explaining the various bills
he had introduced and carried for the amendment of the
laws, and taking a general review of the proceedings du.
ring the same period, especially congratalhting•his consti-
tuents upon the practical abolition of slavery. In conclu-
sion, he said he trusted that the extinction of vestry cess in
Ireland might be considered as an omen of the abolition
of church rates in England, the payment of which was
clearly distinguishable from tithes—church rates being an
equal tax, and tithes being property that was never pur-
chased or paid for by the owner of the land subject to them.
The Learned Gentleman having finished, the question
was put whNher Sir John Campbell and the first ses-
sion of the reformed Parliament merited the appro-
probation of the inhabitants of Dudley ? •There was a
great spew of hands, and when the contrary was put no
hand was held up ! ! Three cheers were then proposed
for Sir John, which were given with enthusiasm, and
the crowd quietly dispersed.—ln the evening, Sir
John met a considerable number of his supporters at the
Bush Inn, when a resolution, approving " generally" of
his conduct during the session, but censuring some of
the measures of the legislature during the same period,
was presented to him by his committee! ! On its being
put to the meeting, it was objected to by one of his for-
mer adherents, Ati. Parkin, who made a long speech in
opposition to many of the measures of government. Sir
John having replied and defended the Ministry, the meet-
ing separated. The Learned Gentleman took leave of
his constituents on Thursday evening.—Salopian Jour-
nal.

FEMALE 1:km1,1,15r:7-The annals of . duelling afford no
such extraordinary instance as the following, which we
find in a Swiss journal:—" A woman of robust frame,
aged 66, residing at Chenes Bougerie, had been upon
terms of animosity with a baker for twenty-eight years,
and had frequently challenged him to meet her sword in
hand. They had in fact two several combats, from which
the Amazon retired both times wounded. But nothing
daunted, she again forced her adversary to meet her a
third time, and they had a rencontre a few days since at
Villette, when the fair Armida was so severely hurt, that
for three days her life was despaired of. She is, how-
ever, now fast recovering, and avows her resolution to
enter the field again as soon as she has recovered her

Ocri

ASSES SE D TAXES.

Several meetings have been latterly held in various
parts of the metropolis, for the avowed purpose of orga-
nizing a system of resistance to the assessed taxes. Two
more were held on Monday evening, one in Westmins-
ter, and the other in 'Lambeth, to devise the best means
of ab olishing these taxes, when they came to the unani-
mous resolution of forming associations in each district,
in order to employ every constitutional means to
effect their immediate and total repeal, and to solicit
subscriptions to defray the unavoidable expenses con-
nected with the carrying such object to a successful

issue.
In consequence of there being no less than 2,000
housekeepers, in the parish of St. And rew, Holborn, 'who
have failed to pay up theirassessed taxes, several of them
have received a circular from Mr. Leggett, the Solici r
of Taxes, informing them, that if the arrears be not paid
up before the 24th instant, his Majesty's Commissioners
will direct immediate process to issue for the recovery or
the same.

Fourteen Exchequer writs have during the last few
days been served upon the inhabitants of Marylebone,
for the nonpayment of the assessed taxes. The Mary-
lebone Association have intimated their intention of
carrying the defendants down to the King's Bench in a
triumphal car, preceded by a band of music.=London•
paper,
