WMIRIIVGTON.--The intimidation practised by the exclusive
dealing political unionists has had its effect in securing the re-
turn of their favourite candidate, E. G.. Hornby, Esq,—At the
!close of the poll on Thursday, the numbers were for Mr. Horn-
by, 203 ; for Air. Blackburne,`l76.

OLDHAM, FRIDAY, DEC. 14.—The election for this borough
concluded to-day. .-at ten o'clock, in consequence of Messrs.
Bright, Burge, and Stephen having resigned the .contest early
in tfie morning. Mr. `Fielden and Mr. Cobbett were declared
duly elected by the returning officers'' deputy, and the return to
the sheriff' was niade-dut on the hustings at eleven o'clock, in
the presence of a considerable body of people,• who hailed the
successful candidates with loud cheers, and afterwards paraded
the town with flags and music.-The numbers at the close of the
poll Were—

Fielden 681 'Burge . -105
Cobbett 6.55 Stephen - 3
Bright 163

Box.Torr.—Tuesday, morning being fixed for the day of nomi-
ittation; the resOective, candidates- and their friends iepaired to
the huStings ereeted at the town's` office. Mr. Thomas' 'rouge
and Mr.' Brandreth proposed and seconded John'Ashton Yates,
Esq. , The proposer and seconder of Col. Torrens were Mr..
James Crompton and Mr. ',Thomas Cullen. Mr. Peter Roth,
well and Mr. Stephen Blair nominated Mr. Bolling, and the
same.office was performed-for' Mr:' Eagle by; Mr. Myerscough
and Mr. Naisby. The show of hands being decidedly in favour
of Mr. Eagle and Mr. Ashton-. Yates,„a poll was demanded by
:Col. Torrens and-Mr:Bolling. The barriers which were!erect-
'ed 'at the different polling-bootns. were broken down on
Morning, by a crowd of pdrstins, principallyfroin the coun-
try. The proceedings of the election were sußended and a
detachment of the-15th Hussars from Manchester were sent for.
Peace. was speedily restored. It was soon found"that Colonel
Torrens wou,d. speedily be at the head of the poll, in conse-
iquence of which .a .haid‘race was run..between-M-r. Bolling and
Mr. Yates; 'and at thnclose cl the-poll. au Wednesday night Mr.
lßolling was 53 behind; but his friends rallied..soinanfully that
'onilinrsday he was only two. behind. In. consequence of the
obstrUction which took place on Thurday, thepoll was re-opened
on Friday,- and about- one o'clock it was closed: The following
is the result:—'Torrens; 627; Bolling, 502; Yates, 484; Eagle,
106; being a •majority of 125 'for Colcmel Torrens, ,thad 18 for
Mr. Bolling. Nothing could exceed the enthusiasm which has
been displayed in the town at this signal triumph of Christianity
,over Unitarianism. Some Of 'the most active partizans of Mr.
.IBolling were' found in the-ranks. of the Independents and Me-
thodists. It' appears that Some ruffian .fiungra stone at Colonel
Torrens on. Thursday afternoon; andinjured him so much that
he was unable to address the people-at •the.,_close of the poll.
The other candidates'returned thanks for the exertions made in
their behalf. Mr. Bolling was loudly. cheered on ascending.
the 'hustings. Mr. Eagle protested against the introduction of
the military, as destructive. of. th'e freedom of election.—Man,
cheater Courier...

I!_IA.NCIIESTER BLEGTIrM.
From the Manchester Courier..

The election- for this borough-has terminated in the. return of
Mr. Mark Philips and Mr.:Potilett Thomson. Thatthis. result
has disappointed our expectations,• we freely admit.. Knowing
that Mr. Hope possessed, more than any other candidate, the
support of the most respectable inhabitants of Manchester, we
might, from this circumstance alone, have confidently antici-
pated his return. But we had other, and what we considered
more certain assurances of success. .We knew that the, num-
ber, of promised votes considerably exCeeded two thousand; a
number which, as a reference to tile return will show, was suffi-
;cient to place him second on the poll. Why the persons who
!gave these pledges failed to fulfil them, we have yet to. learn ;
':but to their absence,- we-believe;-the-defeat of Mr. Hope is in no
small degree to be attributed. •
We are unwilling to say any thing calculated, to,ereate or to
',continue unkindly feelings between the friends of_ the different
;candidates; but we think it,due. to .Mr.. Hope to state, that the
"circurnstance of his having opposed the reform bill, was made
charge against him in some. quarters; his being a firm and
`uncompromising friend, to the_ established religion, made him
;odious to the movement partv.; and his refusal to..pledge him-
self to support the immecticite abolition of slavery, lost him the
support of all Whom the Anti-Slavery SoCiety could influence.
AV hen, therefore, it is considered that he. has had to contend not
Only against misrepresentation_ and calumny, but also against
:principles and prejudices, there is, perhaps, more reason .to be
'surprised at'the 'support which he has received, than that he
should be'defeated. .Mr. * Mark Philips recommended -himself
the electors on the ground, that he is an advocate for the
ballot,_ triennial parliaments, and the immediate abolition of
-slavery.' Mr.' Thomson was reconimended by his friends on
precisely the- sande 'principles; and' Mr.. Heywood, in nominat-
'mg 'him, declared that he was the same in power and out of; it.
'We doubt whether his consistency will be found quite so p,er-,.
4,fect ; at all'eients, we doubt whether he will confirmthe pcledges
;given in his name on the .subject of negro Slavery..
The crowded state of our columns forbids .our offering many
remarks on what fell from the candidates on the day of noun.
nation ; but we cannot pass over an obgerVation which fell froin
Mr. Mark Philips in the course•of his speech. Speaking of his
canvass, he said,—" I was anxious to, present myself publicly
,before you, in open meetings, in order to-submit my principles
to the closest .scrutiny-4 disdained to hawk myseltabout from
door to dber2.' ' This evidently was intended to be a slap. at Mr.
Hope; bUt, eventif the principle had been- a 'sound one, it would
have been in better tasta.-to, have_ avoided personal allusions,•
where none were provoked.. But we deny:. that this mode of.
CanyaSsing was that which was likely to bring his principles to.
the closest scrutiny: Mr. Philips may delight in 'such exhibi-
itions as that at the Gaping Goose, where his questioners are
men, for the-most part, of his own way of thinking; but we tell
that. he dare not submit himself to the more rigorous and
searching inquiries of ineirwho are able to 'detect and to expose
his ignorance..
It is due to Mr. Cobbett to states: that whatever-may be said of
his principles, he spoke in perfect good burnout, and was aux-
ions that every one else should have a fair hearing.. It is due
to his party to state,' thatthroughout the election their conduct
was orderly and peaceable in the highest degree. Mr Loyd
1, was, heard with impatience_; and to the disgrace of the Philips
'and Thoraeon,party, Mr.. Hope was scarcely permitted to speak
at all. It was evident that an opposition, to -him_ had been re-
gularly organized by these people. Well; they have-triumphed
over him this time; but he will yet be member for Manchester'
iii spite of them.
It now only remains for us to' congratulate our fellow-towns-
menon the tranquillity which has prevailed during this contest;
for we. can searcelyconsiderthe few disorders which took place
Yesterday, as breaches of, the peace.. Whether this absence of
riot is attributable...it> the excelietit arrangements of the muni-
cipal officers; dr; which we are inclinedrte think was the case,
to the good sense of the people, it is a ciremnstance which can-
not but be regarded as an auspicious commencement of the
tleetlimeering .proCeedings of- Manchester.
