tTlic

FRIDAY MORNING, JANUARY 29, 183 G.

We have received files of Demerara papers to the 19th
December. They contain nothing of particular impor-
tance or interest to European readers. We take the fol-
lowing extracts from the Guiana Chronicle :
" We learn that our old acquaintance Sir Andrew Halliday,
is about, once more, to visit the shores of British Guiana ; but
alas, and alack-a-day, on this occasion he cones not as before,
but now will arrive here as a prisoner, to be tried by a court-
martial. We have not heard what the charges are—perhaps
one of them may be for having promulgated a doctrine relative
to mel d'estomac, contrary to all common sense and general ex-

perience ; on this charge, of course, he will be defended by the
able physician' whom he made worthy mention of in one pf his

epistolary effusions in the Gazette.
" We fear that Sir Andrew, in his present elevated situa-
tion, is somewhat like a fish out of water;—perhaps then, the
,
sentence of the court-marttat may once more restore him to the
quiet enjoyment of that humble cot' which formed so pathetic
and interesting .a theme for his eloquent pen to descant on
during his last sojourn.
"Sir Andrew, it is well known, carried on a nice little thriving
trade at his quarters in Kingston, by selling his rations, &c.,
such as beef, peas, oats and so forth. We hear that one cause
of his compulsory visit to British Guiana, is to give an
count sales' (we believe this is the mercantile term) of these
little pedlering transactions. We hope, however, Sir Andrew's
ledger will prove a correct one.

"BARBAROS.—A despatch from Lord Glenelg has reached
Baibados, enclosing an order in council of very great import-
ance to the inhabitants of that island. This order announces
that the King in council„having taken into consideration,
among other enactments of the colonial 'legislature, the enact-
ment for the abolition of slavery in Barbados, finds that "ade-
quate and satisfactory provision has been made for giving ef-
fect" to the law of the Imperial Parliament, and that Barbados.

is at length entitled to its share in the compensatio❑ money.
Lord Glenelg bestows very high commendations both upon the
House of Assembly and upon the governor, for the courtesy and
good feeling pervading their communications with each other
and with the Colonial office, in reference to this subject.
" ANGC ILLA.—In consequence of representations forwarded
to the Colonial office, to the effect that some apprenticed la-
bourers had been, since the first of August 1834, removed from
the island into foreign colonies and sold, Lord Glenelg has
written to Sir Evan Murray M'Gregor, the Governor-General,
denouncing the practice as illegal, and promising that interest
would be used with the respective governments of these colonies,
for the ransom and restoration of all apprentices so treated.
" Dom N ICA .—The papers from this island are chiefly occu-
pied with the publication of the act of parliament for the relief
of the sufferers by the hurricane. Twelve thousand pounds
sterling are given out of the consolidated fund, and eighty thou-
sand more are advanced as a loan out of a sum appropriated to
such purposes in the year 1832. By an official communication
to the lieutenant-governor and assistant-commissioners it ap-
pears that, for attached and unattached praadial head people and
tradesmen and for non-prmdial head tradesmen, the compensa-
tion alloWed is L2B tie. 81 per head. For aged, diseased, or
non-effective, it is so low as £1 18s. 311 The House of As-
sembly having passed a bill ordaining the yearly census of the
population to be made without a classification according to
colour, and the Board of Council having rejected this bill, and
proposed one in which such classification was to be observed
and this bill having been agreed to by the House of Assembly,
by the casting vote of the speaker, the free coloured people
were to meet and to petition his Excellency the Lieutenant-
Governor that it might not receive his assent anti pass into a
law. Complaints are made that since the revocation of the
commissions of the gentlemen connected with the island, the
salaried magistrates are unable to get through the business be-
fore them. They are only three in number, and are represented
as having a difficulty in visiting every plantation even twice a
month."

• By the Roscoe, we have New York papers to the 9th
instant. Mr. BARTON, the American envoy to the court
of Loris PHILIPPE, arrived at New York on the 6th
January. ThiS circumstance,' coupled with the depar-
ture of. M. PAGEOT, the French plenipotentiary, from
Washington, has revived the war speculation, and caused
a considerable sensation in the TJnion. The commis-
sioners appointed by the American government to exa-
mine and
.report on the claims of the American citizens
upon France, had concluded their labours, and declared
the grand total to be no less a sum than nine million
three hundred and fifty thousand dollars! "and, this
too," says a New York paper, " without adding the inter-
est, which would have increased the sum more than dou-
ble, and which is as just a demand against France as the
principal."

The slavery question forms' the most impOrtant sub-
ject in Governor MATICY's message to the senate and as-
sembly of New York. He deprecates the proceedings
of the abolitionists, and concludes that part of his lecture
with the following observations :
Their avowed object is to abolish slavery in. the southern and
southwestern states; and their means thus far have been con-
fined to the organization of societies among us and to publica-
tions of vari:ms kinds on the subject of slavery, which are re-
garded throughout these states as libels on their citizens, and
provccatives to insurrection among their slaves. So far as their
proceedings are designed to operate upon this state, we may in-
quire what end or object they have in view. It cannot be to
abolish slavery here, for it does not exist among us. Is it to-
c3nvince the people of this state that slavery is an evil ? Such
is now. the. universal sentioient, that no man can be found
ainong•us who entertains a thought of returning to their former
condition in this respect. If the abolitionists design to enlist
oar passions hi their Cause; such a course MAUI be worse than
