HOUSE OF LORDS, FRIDAY, AUG. 9.

The British Possessions' Bill, the Registry of Vessels' Bill,
the Customs' Management Bill, the Customs' Bounties Bill, the
Customs' Reguiatiou Bill, the Isle of Man Trade Bill, the
Warehousing Bill, the Smuggling Bill, the Navigation Bill,
and the Customs' Duties Bill, were severally read a second time.
On the motion of the Marquis of WESTMEATH, the house re-
solved itself into a committee on the Irish Infirmary Bill. A
few verbal amendments were made.—Report on Tuesday.
The Marquis of CLANILICARDE wished to know from the noble
and learned lord on the woolsack, whether he intended to pro-
ceed with the Patents for Invention Bill this session.
The LORD CHANCELLOR said that the bill which had been al-
luded to, and which had some time since been sent up from the
House of (Ammons, was a measure of great importance. Much
difficulty, however, existed in legislating with respect to patents,
which involved a very nice branch of the taw; but still it appeared
to him that they were called on to legislate more or less on the sub-
ject. Probably what he was about to suggest would meet the ap.
probation of the house, namely, that this bill should be postponed
till the next session of Parliament, when further proceedings
might be taken. As a sort of compensation for proposing the
postponement of the measure, he could assure the house that he
would devote his attention as early as possible to the branch of
the law to which it related, after the other house had sent up its
report; and, even before that took place, he was willing to look
to those parts of the subject which the other house ot Parlia-
ment had left untouched. He trusted that he should be assisted
in his labours by the experience of his noble and learned friend
(Lord Lyndhurst) who was then absent, and by his noble
friend below him (Lord Wynford.)
Lord W yr: FOR D said the question was a very important one,
and deserved more attention than could be paid to it at that late
period of the session.
The Marquis of SALISBURY wished to know when the popula-
tion returns, with reference to the reform bill, would be laid on
the table ?

Lord Mni.nourtNE said the noble marquis could move for
them on ➢ionday.

EAST INDIA BILL.

The Marquis of LANSDOWNE moved the order of the day for
taking the report of the above bill into further consideration.
The Earl of ABERDEEN moved, as an amendment, "That
counsel be heard at the bar in support of the claims of the hold-
ers of Carnatic stock," whose petition he had recently pre-
sented.

The Marquis of LANSDOWNE said the claims of those peti-
tioners arose out of a contract entered into between them and
the East India Company, by which certain revenues were to be
set apart for the liquidation of their debt. By the 46th of Gen.
111., the revenues of the Carnatic were to be appropriated to
the liquidation of those claims. For his own part, he was of
opinion, with his noble friend behind him, (Lord Auckland.)
that the petitioners would not be in any way injured by the bill
then before their lordships. Under all the circumstances, how-
ever, ministers were desirous of satisfying them, by inserting a
special clause—namely, "That the situation of holders of Car-
antic stock should remain substantively the same as it is now.
anything contained in this bill to the contrary notwithstanding."
At the same time he must observe that they would, in some re-
spects, be placed in a better situation after the passing of this
bill than they were now placed in.
The Bart of ABERDEEN was so far satisfied with the course
taken by his Majesty's ministers. It was perfectly evident that
the claim put forward by these petitioners was just and proper.
It was only fair that they should be continued after the passing
of this bill, in the same circumstances as they were placed at
present. Not anticipating that the noble marquis would have
introduced such a provision as he had stated his intention of
doing, with respect to the Carnatic creditors, he had drawn up
and intended to move a clause which embraced the limitable
loan creditors, as well as the Carnatic creditors. Ile wished to
know whether the noble marquis had any objection to adopt it?
The Marquis of LANsnowNE proposed an amendment to the
house relating to slavery, making it imperative on the Governor-
General to send home whatever regulations he might frame on
this subject previous to carrying them into execution.
After a few words from the Marquis of Salisbury,
The amendment was agreed to, and the report of the bill, as
amended, was received.

On the motion of the Marquis of. Lansdowne, the bill was or-
dered to be re-printed, and fixed for a third reading on Wednes-
day next.

SEPARATISTS AFFIRMATION BILL.
The Earl of GOSFORD moved the second reading of this bill.
The Bishop of HEREFORD had no objection to granting any
Christian sect who entertained conscientious objections to the
tatting of an oath, every ie:ief compatible with the security of
"a` ty' but doubted very much whether the loose phraseology
Bra 7 .
bill, as it stood, would not have the effect of exempting
Pory person who called himself a Separatist from the necessity
obligation of au oath.
Lord WYNFORD said, that the effect of the bill as it stood
would he the doing away with the only security which at pre-
sent existed for property. Unless the person calling himself a
Separatist declared not only that he was so, hut that it was con-
trary to his religious tenets to take an oath, and that he prof-
ferred his solemn affirmation, liable to all the penalties of a
false oath,—there was nothing to prevent any wicked man from
declaring himself a Separatist, and thereby violating all the
legal no less than the religious sanctions of an oath. If a
clause to this effect were introduced he would not object to the
bill.

Lord PLUNKETT, in support of the bill, contended tbat it was
contrary to the religious tenets of the Separatists to take an
oath. Ile had no objection, however, to such a clause as that
suggested by the learned lord,
The Earl of GosFoau had also no objection to the adoption
of such a clause in committee.

'The bill was then read a second time, and ordered to be com-
mitted ou Thursday next.—Adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, FRIDAY, Arc. 9.
The Speaker took the chair at a quarter past twelve o'clock;
there was a full attendance of members.
Mr. FIELDEN presented a petition from Stanley, in Perth-
shire, in favour of the Factories Bill.

FACTORIES FILL.

On the motion of Lord.Althorp, the house resolved into corn-
tnitteo con the Faottories' Regulation Dill ; Drlr, Bernal in the
chnis.

Lord ALTHORP said he though; this would be the best oppor
tunity for fain to explain the .litiracter and provisions of we-
bill, as altered, and the a:lo;e ion of which he II ished. to press on
the Parliament. It was now proposed that the labour of children
in factories under 13 years of age, should be limited to eight
hours a-day. The bill also proposed to extend the provisions of
Sir J. C. Ilobhouse's bill to other mills besides cotton-mills. It
also provided that persons under 18 years of age should not be
required to work more than 69 hours in the week. Beside
enacting that children under 13 years of age should not work
more than eight hours a-day, it also provided that it should be
illegal to employ any children under nine years of age. To
entorce these regulations as far as they could he enforced, the
bill further provided for the appointment of inspectors, to see
that the provisions of the bill were duly enforced. There was
another important part of his plan—namely, in the relation to
the education of the children, and as a collateral protection of
the child, who was not to be employed for more than eight
hours a-day. He considered it most important that the educa-
cation of such parties should not be neglected; and he had
therefore endeavoured to avail himself of the machinery of this
bill to introduce a general system of education amongst the
children in all the manufacturing districts. (Hear, hear.)
Then it would be seen that the bill in its present form was cha-
racterised by three leading principles :—First, the extension of
Sir J. Hobliouse's bill from cotton to all mills and manufac-
tories, with the exception of some few and peculiar silk mills;
2d, that chi!uren under 13 years of age should not be worked for
more than eight hours a day, and that those who were under 18
years of age should not work more wan 69 hours in the week,
the observance of which regulations was to be secured by the
appointment of inspectors; and, 3d, the introduction of a gene-
ral system of education for all the children employed in the ma-
nufactories. He owned that as a general principle he had con-
siderable doubts of the policy of legislating on this subject (hear,
hear) ; still it was quite evident that it was requisite to do some-
thing for the protection of children employed in the factories.—
( Hear.) Though it was against principle, generally speaking,
to interfere in the arrangement between the employers and the
servants, yet he could not think it was a violation of that prin-
ciple for the legislature to extend protection to those children
who could not protect themselves. (Hear.) With these feel-
ings he offered the bill, in its present amended form, with con-
fidence to the committee; and being aware, after the agitation
that had taken lace on the subject, how desirable it was to pass
the bill; he pledged himself to exert his utmost to have the bill
passed this session. (Hear, hear.)
The committee then proceeded to consider the details of the
bill. The preamble was postponed.
Mr. J. IIEATHCOTR moved as an amendment to except the
lace trade from the operation of this bill. He contended that
there were no facts to warrant its extension to the lace trade;
and in support of this opinion, he quoted various passages from
the commissioners' reports, the commissioners representing that
in the lace districts they saw no cause for alteration of the system.
The second clause having been agreed to,
The Chairman reported progress, and obtained leave to sit
again.—Adjourned at three o'clock.

The Speaker resumed the chair at a quarter-past five.
Mr. CLAY presented a petition from London and its vicinity
against certain provisions of the Bank Charter Bill. The 10)n.
member also moved for a copy of Dr. Ure's report on the expe-
riments made by hiM relative to sugar refining.
Sir 11. PARNELL also presented a petition from persons resi-
dent in London and its vicinity against certain of the provisions
of the Bank Charter Bill.

Colonel EVA ris presented a similar petition.
BANK CHARTER BILL.

On the motion of Lord ALTitottp, the order of the day for
the committal of this bill was read, and on the motion for the
Speaker's leaving the chair,

Mr. GISBORNE moved, according to previous notice, " That
the house resolve itself into the said committee on this day six
months."

On this motion the house divided :
For the amendment
Against it.

Majority against the postponement....7o
The first four clauses having been agreed to,
The Chairman read the next (the legal tender) clause.
Mr. HERRIES said, as the noble Chancellor of the Exchequer
had on a former occasion stated that this clause formed no part
of the bargain with the Bank, it had better be struck out and
made the substance of a separate bill. It was quite out of place
in the present measure, if it formed no part of the bargain with
the Bank, though it might hereafter be contended that it was
part of that bargain, in consequence of being in the bill, and
thereby Parliament would be prevented from repealing it.
Lord A LTHORP admitted, that in his opinion the clause formed
no part of the bargain with the Bank, and said that he would
state his reasons why he thought it ought to remain in the bill
presently.
Mr. BARING expressed a doubt as to whether it would be in
the power of Parliament to repeal the clause, if it were allowed
to stand in the bill. _ _

The SOLICITOR-GENERAL said that as his noble friend de-
clared that the clause was no part of the contract with the Bank,
there could be no doubt it would be competent for Parliament
at any time to repeal it. The question v. as one to which the
Bank were not parties, but only the Pa ,:iament and the public.
Mr. 11 FAIRIES expressed his surprise at the opinion pro-
nounced by the hon. and learned member. The title of the bill
was, " A I3ill for giving to the Corporation of the Governor
and Company of the Bank of England certain privileges for a
limited period, under certain conditions." The establishment
of the legal tender was unquestionably a privilege conferred
upon the Bank, and the question was, whether, if the bill passed
with this clause in it, it would not be considered a part of the
bargain with the Bank, whatever might be the noble lord's (mi-
nion upon the subject? He maintained that it would, and that
Par iament would not have the power to repeal it without alter.
Mg the whole tenor of the bill, unless they thought proper to
commit a breach of faith.

Lord ALTHOHP read the letter written to him by the Bank
directors, in order to show that the establishment of the legal
tender was not one of the points to which they attached any
importance.
Mr. Alderman THOMPSON said the noble lord was correct in
stating that the Bank had never attached any great importance
to the clause. They had, as appeared from the correspondence,
not expressed an opinion one way or the other. Unquestion-
ably, however, the noble lord had in that correspondence re-
ferred to the legal tender as one of the advantages for which the
Bank ought to make a considerable aoatement in the charges
which they had heretofore brought against the public. He con-
fessed there might be a difference of opinion on the subject
amongst the Bank directors, but, speaking himself as a mem-
ber of that house, and not in his character of Bank director, he
viewed it as a question of policy, of which the Government and
Parliament m►ght dispose as they thought would be most ad-
vantageous to the country. For his own part he attached great
importance to the clause, and should regret exceedingly if it
were omitted. It was for the interest not only of the Bank,
but the public, that Bank of England notes should be made a
legal tender. It would prevent a panic being attended with the
dangerous results which had heretofore accompanied them.
Sir J. H. REID was understood to say he thought the clause
would be most beneficial to the public, but of no great value to
the Bank of England.
The first blank in the clause was then proposed to be filled up
with the words " Ist of August, 1834," as the date from which
£5 Bank of England notes should be a legal tender.
Mr. 'l'. ATTWOOD hoped the committee would substitute the
date of "the Ist of October, 183.3," as that would enable them
to get over the winter better. (A laugh.) The hon. member
moved an amendment to that effect, which was put and nega-
tived.

Lord ALTHORP said he should feel it his duty to object to the
amendment, but after some further conversation, the noble lord
added, that he would not then insert the words, but consider the
question further.
Sir 'l'. FREMANTLE thought the clause as it stood was not
sufficiently explicit, and that by the issuing of 5 guinea for £5
notes. its whole effect might be neutralized. lle therefore pro-
posed to alter the clause by leaving out the words " above £5"
and inserting " all sums less than £10."
Mr. Alderman TtiosiPsoN observed, that no five guinea notes
could be issued, unless under the liability of paying the same
stamp duty as £lO notes.
Mr. BARING supported the amendment.
Mr. Woon thought the clause would have a tendency to lessen
the quantity of gold in the country—a very serious evil.
Mr. BARNARD did not conceive that the intention of the
clause could be evaded unless by the Bank itself.
Mr. P. 110 WARD opposed the clause, conceiving it calculated
to throw discredit on the Bank of England, and to increase the
anxiety for obtaining gold.
The'house divided :

For the amendment 50
Against it
Majority
On our readmission to the gallery we found the Chairman
putting the question whether the words "so long as the Bank
shall continue to pay the said notes in legal coin,' should stand
part of the clause, which was negatived.
Mr. M. ATTWOOO said that the effect of this clause would be
to produce depreciation, though it might not be intended to do
so : when the Bank ltestrietion Act was passed the same horror
of depreciation was professed. (The hon. member left the
house without rotinv, at all.)
The committee then divided, when the numbers were—
Ayes
Noes 4B
Majority in favour of the clause —39
On returning to the gallery, there was a lou.d call for adjourn-
ment, when
Lord ALTHORP said, that if the house was. disposed to resume
the consideration of the clauses next morniog, he would not
oppose an adjournment of the committee. (Hear.)
The CHAIRMAN then reported progress, and obtained leave
to sit again.
The other orders of the day were then dispOsed of, and the
house adjourned at a quarter to thee o'clock.

Sir John Key is, we hear, indignant at the manner in
.which he asserts that he has been bArayed by Lonl Al-
thorp. The noble lord promised, it is said, that in con-
sideration of the baronet's acceptance of the Chiltern
Hundreds he should oppose all inquiry into the stationery
affair; and in fact his lordship did attempt, as our readers
know, to prevent the appointment of the committee of
inquiry moved for by Sir Henry Hardinge, but was com-
pelled to give way to the marked feeling of the house
upon the subject. In revenge for this abandonment Sir
John, as reported, has been exhibiting a certain letter or
letters of Mr. Charles Wood, the son-in-law and secretary
of Earl Grey, highly complimentary of his conduct during
his mayoralty upon the Reform question, and holding out
sundry offers of such recompense as the worthy baronet
might find convenient ; and further requesting him to
point out the most eligible mode in which he could be
served. It is to be hoped that Sir John will be called
upon in the committee to produce the original documents
embodying these Reform negotiations.—Guardian.

THE BISHOP OF BRISTOL'S CLAIM FOR COMPENSATION.
—ln another column of our paper we have reported at
some length the case of " The Bishop of Bristol v. the
Inhabitants of Bristol," being a claim on the part of his
Lordship the
for um of £7,30 for compensation for the
destruction of his palace during the riots. The Commis-
sioners under the Compensation Act had, we believe,
offered him £3,700, which his Lordship refused to take,
not considering that sum adequate to rebuild the palace
in such a manner as would satisfy his successor in the
Bishopric, failing to do which his Lordship or his repre
sentatives would be liable to an action for damages. It
will he seen that the Jury gave his Lordship a verdict for
£6,000 for the palace, his claim for furniture, &c. having
been before adjusted with the CorAmissioners. The pub-
lic- are anxious to know why Mr. John Williams (the
radical candidate for Bristol at the last election) was
brought down from the Northern C' •it, where he
sidered neither the wisest man nor

special retainer of 300 guineas, to ck
the Bishop ?!-.Felix Farleo's Brit,

CONTEMPORARY PRESS.
the proceedings at a meeting of the freemen o . ffo.
We published on Saturday last an abridgeNseePrnprtf,
which was held for the purpose of manifesting their toe
titude to J. Nichol, Esq., the member for Cardiff,P the
zeal, energy, and talent which he had exhibited I.°,eir
Committee in the House of Commons in defence 0141
rieifts
• have-hi.
A variety of topics of a more pressing nature Odeds
therto prevented us from recurring, as we had bite leg
to the subject of this meeting, although there are :foto
subjects of greater or more lasting
freemen of Liverpool are justly indignant at the in, %flop
which is meditated upon their rights,' and the vl°' , 10
dea
which they have reason to apprehend it is inters „to
commit upon the sacred and immutable principles; Pilo,
tice in their persons. It is evident also, from all tati,e
curred at the meeting to which we refer, that 11_1'7yr
proportion of the inhabitants, of all ranks and tiasse'oi,
importance.
aro
the great, wealthy, and important town of LiverPiep,
fully sympathise in the feelings of their fellow tol,ivaarnioo
the burgesses, and are determined to assist, to the a":"01.,
their power, in repelling the foul and manifest ail
tice with which the burgesses are threatened. .„ re.
It is the mere cant of arbitrary injustice to seqiver.
ference to such a case as that of the burgesses of hich
pool, that corruption is a great crime, and onesvr,e of
ought to be severely punished. It is the, mere p%di.
wanton and profligate and impudent hypocrisy to vase
cate the course which has been recommended in this, of
by the barren and empty truism that the constitionc/osi.
Liverpool ought to be made pure. These are: Pr°Pos
tions which nobody ever thought of denying. Outer re.
is not punished, but screened and protected rather -or
keyed, at least, from the severer part of its prefer pion
ishment, the disgrace which ought to follow its dete,c
—when, as is proposed by certain wise and liberal 'goo
lators, the innocent are confounded with the gniitYl 00•
an equal penalty awarded to each. Nor Can-anlicijog
melons constituency be effectually purified by beh° or
the highest authority in the state act the part of an pot
pressor—inflict indiscriminate vengeance—proelairo,,sw
in words, but in the more impressive and indelible. to,
guage of its deeds, to the guilty, that they shall have slat
cent and honourable sharers in their fate--7to thejaa° e
and honourable, that they might just as well, for ail ip
ference that the legislature will condescend to mai'estid
favour of innocence and honour, have been guilt" is
base—to all the world, that the high estimation of
reformed Pal liament guilt and innocence,. corruPti°,ll,4,
purity, honour and baseness, are exactly alike. A'" to
6(.14 it is not by such measures and such doctrineg.o,
these that public, morals or political purity are to be 081
tai ned or restored. tbe
The course which it is proposed to pursue t0wa.v.9,0
whole body of the freemen of Liverpool would be se g'-oi,
an outrage upon the plainest principles of equity, s°„ro,
pable a contempt of the simplest rules of comma' se. es
that it would have been surprising indeed had the Mere' oi
of a thing so monstrous failed to excite the warmest,:lo.
most general indignation among all classes of the.iodi
tants of that borough. There is no evidence, nor e; of
so much as an accusation, against more than one oa,'eir
every four or five of the body of burgesses, which, in t" 0
character of burgesses, it is proposed to disfranchiseho
the lump; while, to add to the absurdity, if that li`„0,
possible, and to aggravate the iniquity of the intents o 0
if it admitted of aggravation, much the larger proporstiv
of those burgesses whose guilt has been estabtisheo
evidence are to be permitted to continue voters for 0.
borough of LiVerpool, because, although they, are r'.‘
victed of having taken bribes, they possess the redeelol"l.
merit of occupying houses worth ten pounds by. the,chali
And this is said to be a measure of purification. 'il"re
consummate and insufferable nonsense ! It is a meas,ri,
cunningly devised no doubt for the purpose, not of P,-1
fying the old electors of boroughs, but of corruptingt'e
new electors. It proclaims to the former that innoct4
is no protection—to the latter that guilt may be inear`le,
by them with safety—to both, that, in the vie* of the a
gislature, there is no distinction between innocence %ll,'
guilt, but a great distinction between burgesses 11"
householders, between rights derived from ancient
rters and rights conferred by " the bill."
This view of the subject has been very generally ga
o
ken by the burgesses of every ancient borough in
kingdom. The proceedings against the freemen of 0,
verpool are felt to he an attack upon the rights and see.no
rity of freemen everywhere. No evidence of corraPtrg
at the last election at Liverpool could be found, &Pilo
a rigorous investigation. The fair inference from t
is, that Liverpool, if once corrupt, had purified itaely
for which, instead of punishment, the borough was ,
titled undoubtedly, to high praise. Instead of pra!ssi:
however, an inquiry by prejudiced and partial in9ol.
tors is undertaken into scenes long past ; and this 4
quirt', necessarily imperfect from the loss of evideo7,
probably unfairly conducted, from the known prejutlicbo
and predilections of many of the inquirers, is to 0
made, as it appears, the foundation of such a measuf°, 0
we have above described; of a meaurit which does': It.
than nothing for purity of election, but every thing ,'"o
one class of voters in contradistinction to another ; °'
measure which while it makes the freemen of CorP;
rations penally responsible, the whole for any part, e°ol
veys to the ten-pound household electors a monopolY. g
bribery, and a full assurance of impunity in commit
it. L.
a
Is it surprising then that the freemen of Bristol °Per
Nottingham, and. Newcastle and Coventry, and Eat,-
and Hull, and Canterbury and Chelmford and Shrero,"►
bury and many other boroughs, have taken the ala
and have determined to consider the cause of the free
men of Liverpool as their own; or that the local Pre6
wherever there are freemen enjoying the elective ir7;;,
chise under a charter, has manifested considerable a°
ety upon this subject ?—Morning Post.

os
Their Majesties, we are happy to state, continue well. ~00
Monday-the King and Queen dined with their royal relaLlia
the Duke and Duchess of Cumberland, at Kew, and re.,tur.
i,
to Windsor in the evening. On Thursday their Majesueiiort
rived at St. James's Palace from the castle. The King, a 6, of
time after his arrival, held an investiture of the Order oc,
Bath, and afterwards his customary levee, which was nu ate
rously attended. In the evening the King gave a grand so of
dinner to the officers of the Royal Artillery, on the occasi°
his presenting the corps with a splendid candelabrum, as a Woo
of his Majesty's approbation of the services of the corps. with
Queen honoured the Haymarket Theatre in the evenil jasi
her presence. Their Majesties left town for Windsor on

QUEEN'S VISIT TO THR SURREY ZOOLOGICAL Gesl3llislr
afternoon.THE
—On Thursday her Majesty honoured this interesting estakres
ment with a visit. She piocceded there about half-past I,Jorcl
o'clock, accompanied by Prince George of Cambridge, Lord
osi
and Lady Falkland, Lord and Lady Denbigh, &c. Sheogo,
most enthusiastically received by a very numerous asseei .00
of the subscribers and their frieuds. Her Majesty exPre,;rgs
herself highly delighted with the fine appearance of the 'roe'
collection of animals and of the extensive and tasteful iroPliali
ments that had taken place since her visit last year, partico hoe
the recently-erected terrace and enclosure for beasts, a oss
antics on the pole were irresistibly amusing. Her MajeslY,ool
much gratified at being informed that upwards of 50,000 per-her
had visited the gardens dining the past month. During_Aiof
Majesty's stay she had the opportunity of witnessing the fe`;',oo
of the pelicans, and remarked with surprise the adroitness ieil
which the birds seized upon their finny prey. The Queell.
the gardens amid the cheers of the company. bps
We have heard that Colonel Grey is commissioned ht 00 I
noble father, the premier, to appoint a successor to the l'S;fbi
situation of store-keeper in his Majesty's Stationery-01507_404
gallant colonel represents Wycomb, Bucks, in parlialt
and many of his constituents are paper-makers--I°t
nephews, and cousins, of Lord Wen, the foolscap may. boo'
may therefore expect some respectable £lO voter of the 0001
Colonel's to have the charge of public property to the Oa
of £100,060 per annum.—Age.
The late lion. Percy Charles Wyndham, only eur.
brother and heir presumptive to the Earl of Egreelift,e
the sinecure offices of Secretary, Clerk of Courts, Ith dotivei
thonotary at Barbadoes, worth £1,500 per annum. VI!) feel
were discharged by deputy, and the emoluments (lutlielasesors
are paid by the inhabitants of the island. Mr. W. P°o Lo
considerable estates, which descend, it is presumed, t.orye4
Egremont, whose heir presumptive is Captain George verett!,
ham of the Royal Navy, married to a daughter ofthelte .5 tP
Wiliiam Roberts. Vice ProVost of Eton. Captain W. 000%;
only son of the late Hon. William Frederick Wyndham, lAbs
est son of the late Earl of Egremont. The present 1-. P
.'Des.
lost his thiee brothers within a few years. Mr. Percy VIP'
was in his 76th year, and unmarried. 111
We understand that the matrimonial alliance betwebtet4s
- -.lg

Earl of Uxbridge and Miss Henriettaliagotsiiid dput, at vie
the Right Hon. Sir Charles Bagot, our late Minister/.0!
Hague, will take place in a few days. Baron brit,
Secretary to the Marquis of Anglesea, has arrived at vi.triitlA,
House from Dublin, for the express purpose of arrall;bitee,Po.
settlements, &c. The Lady has not completed her vei4 of
year; his Lordship is thirty-seven. A connection alrea iifterot
between the Paget aud Btigot families, the youngest 6ibe.ter
the present Lord Bagot and of Sir Charles havin_ bee? brow
wife of Lieutenant-General the Hon. Sir Edward Page.
00
to the Marquis of Anglesea. of

To so low an ebb has Whiggery fallen in the westerri.-(1.."0
of the county. of Worcester, that no party of the et .d
Captain Winnington, the lately returned-member, linaoo6,o,
to celebrate that event, except one that was held ert
last at Staunton, at which Robert Canning Esq. a Catfor t~
tleman,-resioent in Gloucestershire, presided, and ab°gAirt`
five Gloucestershire men met to celebrate the event,
only of whom were voters for West Woreesterdhirel • 00/
•Iv
TRUE TO THE LtvE!—Never did any set of men so 00 oil
lie estimation as the Whips have done in the last silo° IV
and whatever difference tit opinion. there may be as to tbiefe po
of the old saying, that "there is honesty even ainongsr,.ere isle
there can be no doubt in any one's mind that 'I jOf
honesty to be found amongst 'Whigs !"—Corresionds°
I jit
e
Glasgow Chronicle, a Whig paper, es'
THE SUBLIME.—An editor in the western part of —.llsrosi
thus announced the entrance of Lafayette into his Ilthe 5P
" The Gallic hero, seated in a chariot, led the veil; iery,„rn
morn besprinkled the oriental clouds with effulgentgis rer,
the gorgeous sun at last uprising, like a warrior troll iberti
walked up into the sky, gliding the vast expanse °Vale,
throwing his broad and splendid rays upon a line c"„-,111
waggons and chaises, filled with individuals prilleir tO
our village I"
oitboiliet
A GAOL TO LET.—The Leeds prison is at present care
single inmate. This has not, we understand, 1)001
a long time past.
;vis of 49
ANOTHER.—We are happy to state that the doerg coo

lireuit, where he is.con-
r the best lawyer, on a foit-rirualoil7re now oui:evn,unaolitila Ls'ingTe'Prls'o'st"e7 being
:onduet the case against thOre.—LincoinAire Chronicle. triter
At Hereford assizes, two women were sentenced t°
101 Journal. ation for life for horse-styaling.
- -
