AUGUST.

spot.
2 Mr. O'Connell addresses another letter from Derrynane
Abbey to the people of Ireland.
4 The new President of the United States delivers his speeCh
to the two Houses of Congress, on the commencement of the
session.
In consequence of Mr. Arthur Guinness, the eminent
brewer, having voted fur Messrs. West and Hamilton, the
O'Connellites destroy several barrels of Guinness's stout, Eke.
which are lying in the docks in Dublin for exportation.
5 Lord Mu!grave announces his intention of withdrawing
the name of Colonel Verner from the commission 'of the peace
in Ireland, and trims the list of deputy-lieutenants for the county
of Tyrone, in consequence of Colonel Verner having proposed
at a public dinner, the toast of "the battle of the Diamond."
The Apollo, Yarmouth steam-packet. is run down by the
Monarch, a Leith packet, in Northfleet Hope, and three per-
sons drowned
8 The LotrLieutenant of Ireland offers a reward of £3O
for the discovery of the destroyers of Messrs. Guinness's pro-
perty.
Bri,radier O'Donnell, with the remnant of the British
legion, capture Andoain.
9 Two lives are lost by the concussion of the train of car-
riage►s on the Liverpool and Birmingham Railway.
11 Parliament is prorogued from this day until the 2d of
October next.
The Marquis of Waterford receives "a broken coxcomb'
. .

- Madrid is again declared to be in a state of siege.
-- Capt. Townshencl, on a message from Sir R. Peel, re-
tracts his charges against the bon. baronet of having used undue
influence at the election for Tamworth. •
12 Don Carlos makes a triumphant entry into Arganda,
within twelve miles of Madrid, with sixteen battalions of infantry
and seven squadrons of cavalry.
14 The Carlists attack and retake Andoain from Brigadier
O'Donnell.
Mr. Lander, an amateur, and Williams, a Waterman, row
from Oxford to Westminster-bridge, a distance of 116 miles, iu
eighteen hours and forty-eight minutes.
16 Conservative meeting ih the town of Ayr.
IS The Cores publish a decree compelling all Spaniards to
contribute according to their means to the deficit in the public
treasury;
The charterists are defeated, by the Baron das Antas, F, a
Ruivaes.
19 Sir Francis Burdett's return for Wiltshire is celebrated
by the Conservatives of Devizes.
Gen. Zariategui takes possession of Valladolid.
20 The remnant of the army of the charterists surrender to
the Baron das Antas, who publishes an order of the day, in
which the revolt is attributed to British gold.
Parliament is this day prorogued till the 15th November
for the dispatch of business.
22. The Carlists are defeated by Oraa near Cuenca.
24. The Christinos, under Carondelet, retake Valladolid.
26. The jury of the inquest on Mary Ann Jones, who was
drowned in consequence of the .collisimi of the Monarch and
Apollo steam-boats, attribute the collision to the bad look out
on board the Monarch, and 'levy a deodand of £5OO on that
vessel. _ _

28 The Queen reviews the Life Guards and Grenadier Guards
in Windsor Park.
The cholera continues to exist at Perpignan.
29 The government f.f Portugal apologises io Lord Howari
de Walden for the insultin,r exnresqion. towards England, con
tamed in the order of the day of the Viscount das Atairs.
ourosEit.
I The Carlists under General Garcia capture Peraltn.
T 4,0 hundred deaths occur at Rome from cholera.
2 CelebratiUn of the Conservative cause is North Stafford
shi

re.
3 Brigadier O'Donnell makes a descent on Marquina, and
inders several villages.
4 Iler majesty pays her visit to Brighton.
At a great meeting at Birmingham, a memorial is drawn
tip, addressed to Lord'Melbourne, upon the subject of commer-
cial 'dist ress.
5 Hortense Eugene de Beattharnois Duchess de St. Leu,
daughter of the Elepress Josephitie, died at the chateau of Ar-
nenburg, in Switzerland, aged fifty-four years.
'An engagement takes plaCe at Retuera between the Car-
lists, under Don Carlos, and the Christiuos, commanded by Es-
partero. Both parties claim the victory.
9 The 'American packet Home is wrecked on her passage
from New York to Charleston, and 70 passengers drowned.
-- The conservatives of 'South Cheshire give a grand dinner
to their member, Sir' Philip Egerton, Bart.
10 he triumph of conservatisin in Middlesex is celebratedby
a grand festiVal at' Uxbridge.
11 The conservatives of Staines celebrate the 'return of Tho-
mas Wood, Esq., their new member.
A similar festival takes place at Southend, to celebrate the
teturn of Messrs. Brainston and Palmer for the southern division
of Essex.
Frederica Louisa Wilhelmina, giteen of the Netherlands.
and (laughter of Frederick William 11., King of Prussia, died
at the Hague, aged 53 years.
13 The Dartford conservative association entertain their re-
presentative, Sir Wm. Geary, and Sir Edmund Filmer, the un-
successful conservative candidate.
The conservatives of East Sussex and West Kent also
celebrate their triumph.
The French army. under Gen. Danaremont, who is killed
in the assault, capture Constantine.
14 The cholera is declared to have subsided at Rome, 10,000
persons having fallen victims during its continuance.
15' Baron de Meer dissolves the National Guard at Barce-
lona.
IG The conservatives of South Buckinghamshire give a din-
ner to their members, the Marquis of Chandos and Sir Win.
Laurence Young.
r-- A coroner's jury memorialises the Secretary of State
a;,rainst the practice. of soldiers wearing side arms when off
duty, such practile having frequently occasioned the loss of
life.
The conservatives of Liverpool give a grand dinner to their
representatives, Lord Sandon and Mr. Cresswell.
17 The marriage of the Princess Marie, daughter of Louis
Philippe, wita Prince Alexander of Wirtemberg taken place at
Trianon.
19 a grand conservative festival is held at Belfast.
22 Boyer, President of the republic of Hayti, announces the
approaching arrival of a French commissioner, and declares.
that the republic will come to no arrangement with the French
government, which is not compatible with the national ho-
nour.

encounter with the watch at Bergen, in Sweden.

1 By the concussion of two railway trains running in oppo-
site directions, on the Portsmouth railroad, 4East Virginia, four
persons are killed and numbers severely wounded.
2 The King of Greece orders the immediate expulsion from
that country of an Italian, bearing a British passport and re-
presentations having been made by the British ambassador on
the subject, the government replies that such order was •given
by the King in the exercise of a right which every sovereign
possessed, and for which be was responsible to no one.
2 A hurricane occasions much damage at St. Bartholomew,
3 The Oarlists, commanded by Elio, consisting of 5000 in-
fantry and 2a) cavalry. enter Segovia, and- take the direction
of St. Ildefonso and the Eseurial.
5 Zariategui, the Carlist general, captures Segovia, and is
joined by 600 Royalists.
6 The Duchess of St. Albans dies at her house in Stratton-
street, Piccadilly.
By a royal decree, Madrid. and the province of New
Castile, are, placed in a state of siege, in consequence of the
prox,imity p 1 the Carlists.
8 The battalion of chapelgorris at Gyarznn mutiny fur want
of p, . .
10, .flip Marquis of Sald.anha, after having levied a heavy
contrihution at Castello Branco, enters Coimbra at the head of
400 horse, and about 150 foot.
The Governor of Santa F(.l, New Mexico, ant all the prin-
cipal. Officers, are killed in a revolutionary movement, and a
new government established.
11 Great devastation is committed during this and the two
following days in Switzerland, and especially in the canton of
Berne, by storms.
--' The forlress of Bonjol, in Sumatra, capitulates to the
Dutch troops.
12 The-elections throughout England and Wales, being com-
pleted, give the following result, as to the strength of the re-
spective parties.
159 County members, of which are—
,
C-onservat ive
Ainisterial • •

4S

Conservative majf)tity
340 City at borough members, of which are—
' 7111iiiftleril
:tiaOlry'aqve

The steamer Warren, in descending the Mississipi runs
down the Monarch steamer, having on board6oo Creek Indians,
of whom 300 are drowned.
• 26 The stud of his late Majesty William IV., at Hampton
COurt, is sold by auction, and realizes 150)0 guineas.
..-27 The fortress of Inigo capitulatea.to the Carlists.
28-The Colonist, a West Indiaman,ls destroyed by fire off
Portsmouth.
29 The ringleaders 'of the mutiny, which terminated in the
death of Escalera, are shot by order of Espartero, at Miranda
.
del Ebro.
30 the King of Hanover dissolves the States General,
31 The English ship Leda, from Cadiz to London, is wrecked
on the coast of France, near Pirribletetise.
The King of HanoVer disinisses the Cabinet Ministers.
On the proppsitioo of Mr. O'Connell the General Asso-
ciation of Ireland is dissolved.
The ArchhiShop of Colrigne, in reply to the: manifesto of
the Prussian Government, declares that he will no. submit to
the King of Prussia iu eeclesiastical affairs.
NOVEMBER.
1 A Special General Court of Proprietors at the East India,
house, approve of a resolution of the Court of Directors, grant-
ing a sum of £20,000 to the Marquis Wellesley, for his distin,
guished and importaut services during his tenure of the office of
Governor General.
Don Carlos arrives at Durango.
The king of ll:mover, by his royal letters patent, abro-
gates the constitution granted to the Ilanoverians by king Wit.
liam, and restores the old form of government.
'l'he plague breaks out in Odessa.
New Treasury notes are issued by the government at
Washington, under the authority of Congress.
3 The works of the Thames tuunei ;are again suspended by
an irruption of the river, by which one of the workmen is
drowned.
.4 Seditious and insulting expressions are used towards her
Majesty, whilst in her carriage, on her arrival from Brighton,
by an individual, who turns out to be insane.
The Queen of Spain dissolves the Cortes.
5 The service appointed to be read in churches on this day,
on account of the discovery of the popish plot, is omitted, by di-
rection of the Lord Lieutenant, from the service performed in
the chapel of the Castle of Dublin, in consequence of which,
Dr. Elrington, one of the chaplains, whose duty it was to preach
on the occasion, 'curlers his resignation.
6 Riots take place at Montreal, on account of the prohibition
by the magistrates, of the procession of the "fits de (a Liberti."
7 A grand conservative dinner takes place at Bath, at which
600 persons are present.
Mr. Lovejoy, ,proprietor of a printing press, which has
been impo'rted for the purpose -of advocating the abolition of
slavery, is shot, with four others, in endeavouring to protect
the;prep from distruction by a mob.

• , Ministerial majority
..ICettserrativoinajority P.,ngland arid Wales 17

r:~ca~rr+:~cssßls+crn

12 Espartero, with a detachment of his troops, arrives at 9 Her Majesty proceeds in state to Guildhall, and dines
Madrid, which is threatened by the Carlista. - with the Lord Mayor and corporation of London.
15 By a decree or tit, Queen the state of siege of Madrid and O'Connell addresses a letter to the clergy of the. Established
New Castile is taken off. Church in Ireland, proposiug a plan for the settleifient of the
15 The remains of the Duchess de St. Len are interred at Ltitip, question. • • i
'Neil, the burying-Place of the Empress josephine. ,l 11 t`%-.i-pt. Goode is committed for trial On a charge of having
The Medway Gravesend steamer is destroyed by fire off tit tt';''2'i ,'•1:;(1,1S and obscene expressions tow-aris her Moj,sty, i
Nortildeet, and one passenger drowned. on the occasion of her Majesty's arrival from Brighton.
17 Disturbances take place at Miranda and Vittoria, which Li A collier's boat, having on board four seamen, is run
terminate in the assassination of General Escalera, of the go- down by the Mercury Gravesend steam-boat, in Blackwell,
yernor, the commander of the national guard, eta twelve other • Reach, and one of the men caught in the paddle wheels and
officers. killed.
Dr. Stanley is installed Bishop, of Norwich. 15 Sir Rlibert Peel is re-elected Lord Rector of the Quiver-
- The• Queen of Portugal gives birth to a son. city of Glasgow.
„ •
Tire Duke de Terceira leaves Lisbon and Saldanha, ac-
--- A denotation from the merchants of Cologne waits upon
cuntprtillerymanied by g
en.
50X1persons, amon.
st whom are a body of laacers the Lord Mayor, with a congratulatory address on the opening
and a
of commerce 'between London and ColOgne,- after an interims-
. .
IS Eliza Ann Fraser gives an appalling account before the siun of'3oo years.
Lord MayOr of the sufferings endured by herself and the crew - —The King of Prussia suspends the Archbishop of Cologne •
of a ship wrecked in Torres Straits. The statement subsequent- from the exercise of his episopal functions.
ly appears to have been much. exaggerated. The session of parliament is opened by commission, and
General Espartero is appointed Minister of State and Pre- Mr. Abercromby is again chosen Sneaker of the House of
sideut of the Council. Commons.
22 Her Majesty leaves Kensington and takes up her resi- 16 The King of Hanover receives deputations from the pro-
. .
deuce at Windsor Castle. metal assemblies, who, with the people in general, manifest
Mr. sLirman Crawford, in an able letter, accuses O'Con- an indifference on the subject of his Majesty's change of the
nell of having betrayed Ireland. constitution of 1833.
The cholera prevails at Borne to an alarming extent. . Col. In utile, and other officers, are executed for being
23 A fresh irruption of water takes place into the Thames concerned in the insurrection which terminated in the murder
Tunnel, which in the course of the day becomes tided. of General Saarstielth
The Malteie brig Jose. lying ofd Blackwell, is deitroyed 18 Seven members of the University of Gottingen sign a pro-
by, an explosion of gunpowder in a powder boat which had come test against the.roy al patent of Nov. 1, changing the coustitu-
alongside, and three persons are killed, and others more or less thin of Hanover.
seriously injured. 19 The Queen Regent of Spain accompanied by her daughter,
25 General Buerens is defeated at Herrera bv Don Sebastian, Isabella IL, opens the session of the Cortes.
with the loss of 12(X) men. ... . .
20 Her Majesty opens parliament in person.
26 The metropolis is visited with a tremendous thunder storm, —ln 'consequence of repeated representations at head-
and several persons are killed hy lightning. quarters, of the impropriety of allowing soldiers to wear their
'--- General Saarsfield and .Colonel Mendivil are assassinated side arms when off duty, the conimander-iu-chief orders the dis-
in a revolt of the troops at Parriptilutia.. continuance of that practice.
The Carlists under General Uranga capture Penacerrada. -;-- An inquest on the body of the sailor destroyed by the pad-
— The house of Commons of Lower Canada, having pre- Ale wheels of 'the Mercury steamer, returns a verdict of " Acci-
seated an address to Earl Gos.ford, the go.vernoi, expressing dental death," With a deodand of £lOO on the steam-boat-
their determination not to legislate until all their d. amok —ln consequence of proceedings, preparatory to the intro-
should have been granted, Earl Gosford Prorogues the Perna- ' doetion of the new-poor law into Bradford,-in Yorkshire, riots
merit. , - • took place In that town, which are quelled by the military.
28 An'ertgagement takes place between the C.harterists under 21 A, grand ball is given at Guildhall for the benefit of the
Saldanha and the ultras under the Baron de Bumf-in—a truce Polish refugees in Great Britain.
is agreed upon for forty-eight hours, in order to enable the res- '-- Several companies of British troops under Colonel Gore
pective parties to attempt the settlement of their differences. are repulsed in an attack on the Canadian insurgents, who had
The King and Queen of the Belgians arrive at Ramsgate, fortified themselves in the village of St. Denis, in Lower
on their way to Windsor, on a visit to her Majesty and the Canada.
Duchess of Kent. 22 The magistrates of Tipperary sign a memorial for the ap-
- The garrison of Iron revolt, and compel their officers to Plication of the coercion act to that county.
, quit the town. 23 On the motion of the Chancellor of the Exchequer a com-
-31 At a great meeting at Belfast resolutions are come to, fur mittee is appointed on the subject of the civil list, Mr. Harvey
the formation of a Protestant Association. , having proposed au amendment for an'inquiry into all pensions
The attempt at an accommodation between the hostile and sinecures. The amendment is ultimately withdrawn.
parties iu Portugal having failed, the Baron de Borntin gives —At a numerous meeting, attended by tweuty-six members
notice of the recommencement of hostilities. of parliament, at Exeter-hall, resolutions are adopted fur the
purpose of procuring the immediate and complete abolition of
SEPTEMBER. slavery throughout all portions of the British dominions.
1 The metropolis is visited by a thornier storm, durinc, which
A treaty of commerce and navigation, on the principles
two labourers are struck by lightning, and 'one killed on the
orreciprocity, is concluded between Great Britain and the

. _
Netherlands.
The wearing of side-arms in the Royal Marine corps is
ordered to be discontinued.
24 A bill for the abolition of imprisonment for debt is read a
first tune in the House of Lords.
23 Colonel Wetherall, with two or three companies of a Bri-
tish regiment, attacks and takes the village of St. Charles
from the Canadian insurgents.
26 One hundred.and fifty inhabitants of Hamburg present t\
congratulatory address to the seven professors of the University
of Gottingen, who had protested against the alteration of the
constitution of Hanover by Ernest Augustus.
27 The Bishop of Loudon presents a petition to the House
of Lords from CheltechaM, signed by 5084 persons, praying
that in any national system of education, provision may be
made to secure the reading of the authorised version of the
Scripture.
On a motion of the Earl of Roden, for a return of all the
rewards offered by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, for the dis-
covery of the prepettators of murders and other outrages com-
mitted during the•last year, a discussion takes plAce on the sub-
ject of the -state of Ireland, the Duke of Wellington and other
noble lords proving from documents the falsehood of the state-
ment put forth by ministers in her Majesty's speech, that 'lre-
land was in a state of tranquillity.
The Carlists raise the seine of Puycerda.
28 The Duke of Newcastle presents a petition to the House
of Lords, agreed to at a meeting of Protestants in London, for
. .

he exelu'siOn of Roman Catholks from the legislature.

_ .
Colonel Wetherall, having been unable to maintain St.
Charles against the increased force of the French Canadians,
retreats toCtiambly.
30 '['he King of Hanover receives a deputation from Got-
tingen, headed by several professors, magistrates, and principal
citizens, who express their disapproval of the protest on the part
of seven other professors, against the King's patent of' the I.st.
of NoveMber. _ _ _

THE LIVEUtPOOL STANDARD.

ippitig. -lEntctliL:c.,tltEr.

TUESDAY. JANuAItY 2.-17 5.5.11 --Muclerate.

AMtIVRD.—The Swift. Stoke ,3, from St. Uhe3.
ti.~ILP~-Pall torn, Ap•ltt,r, frOm 13,irtwtoes—Stivanilla,_ 111,11,.y,
from Carthngomt—tfa,.u,...wi, Ooorto,--
rue St. ;,,lit.i.wl's—Cliarlotto, Willimus, for .I:frkft—grpheu9,
for Nevi Yurlt—and Nimrod, IF/uniting; for Charltiton.

Dement, Harper, at Antig,tnt
Globe, Selsby. hence at Baltireore
Europe, Marshall, hence off New York 11 th
ltorthwick. hence at Pernambuco
Diana, Greig, from Newfoundland, at ditto
C.ipper, Holland, hence at Constantino,le
Cacique, Irons. from the•Daou be, ditto
Mary flak et, Sinclair, from London and Syra, at;ditto
Lapwing, Osborne. from.Siripna, at ditto
Lucretia. Reyes. h.nee.at Leghorn
Selo, Teasdale, from Llanolly, at Patras •
Lachs..Jantzen, hence at Danzig
Lady Stormont, M'Minn, from Rio de Janeiro, at Cuxhaven, very
leaky
/helix, Rowland, from Quebec and Beerhaven, at Cork, towed in
water-logged
William. Sandars, hence for Corfu, at Dublin
Venus, Carthew, hence for Gibraltar, at ditto
Sarah, Doyle, hence fur Havre. at ditto
Redbreast, Millard, cleared at Constantinople for Cork Ist Dec.
NEw YORK, Dec• 11.—The Concord, Mittimore, from New. Orleans
for Liverpool, was taken into Key West by the wreckers, 2;th Nov.
having been on shore on Conch Reef. The Jubilee. Edwaads. from
Mobile for this port, struck on Charleston liar 4rh ult.. and knocked
off her rudder

WEDNES T)IY. JANUARY 3.—Wind S.W.—Fresh.
ARRlVED.—Countess Dunmore, Small, from D,.merara—Elizabeth
& Jane, Hart, from Honduras---John Taylor, Lune, and Benjamin
Morgan, Tibbets, from Charleston—Medora, from Virginia—
Sir John Harvey, Cuthhertson, from Richibueto—Eliza. Nowlan, from
Newfoundland—arid Union, Vanderheyde, from Ostend.

Bloren,ge, from. Newport, at Calcutta in 105 days
Claremont, Moxey, from London. at Demerara
Diligent, Hutton, hence at Trinidad 13th Nov. and sailed lith for
Maracaibo
Ann St Mary. Wilson. from Buenos Ayres, at Valparaiso
Laura, Day, hence at Trieste
May, Teasdale, from Rio Janeiro, at ditto
Emma, Cole, hence at Venice
Don J Win,. Butler, t rom Barhadoes, a t Dublin
Superior. Skerris, hence for Terceira, at Waterford
Jersey Tar, De Caen, hence for Constantinople, at Holyhead
Maria Antoinette, Brabinster, hence for Antwerp, at ditto
Ludovicus, Wilkins, from Dunkirk for this port, at Portsmouth
Fair Barbadian, Roberts,. from Antwerp. at Rarnszate
Lynx, Creighton, hence for Terceira, has put back
De Jersey, Noel, fur Marseilles. has put back
Amelia. —, from Natchez for this port, sprung a leak soon after
leaving the South-east Pass, and put into Pensacola 27th Nov. She
ran out to the Middle Ground, mod-filled wfth eighteen fret water
LISBON, Dec. 24.—The Bride of Abydos, Carpenter, from Liver-
pool for Ancona, was wrecked near Aveiro 17th instant ; crew saved:
part of the cargo expected to be saved
•

THURSDAY, JANUARY 4.
ARRIVED.—Oxford, Rathbone, from New York ; sailed 16th Dec
.--=Laurina, Kirk, from Laguna—and Tremont, —, Natches.

Venus, Hamm, from Bahia, at this port; sailed 19th Nov. The
Nightingale sailed the day previous for this port. On 30th Nov. in lat.
3 30, long. 32 30, spoke the Elizabeth. Walker, from Valparaiso for
this port. On 31st Dec. the Schooner Jessie, with loss of foremast
Rossendale, --, from Calcutta, at this port;- sailed 12th Aug. :
from Manritlus 3rd Oct. and St. Helena 15th Nov. On the 27th Dec.
in lat. 47 27 N, long, 2,; 43 W, during a heavy gale, a tremendous sea
broke ou board the vessel, which swept and stove the deck, and caused
the ship to take so much water in from the deck, that the pumps were
kept constantly at work. On 6th Dec. in lat. 14 %V, long, 28 29 W.
spoke the Hereford, from Calcutta for this port. On the 3rd instant,
off Bardsey, spoke the Cybele, hence for Pernambuco
MOBILE, Dec. 4.—The Jnbitee, for Liverpool, has been towed back
into the Bay with rudder displaced, but without further injury, and
will proceed
KEY WEST, Dec. 1 —The Concord, Mutamore, from New Orleans
for this port is discharging •
NEW Yonx, Dec. 15.—The Amelia. from Natchez for this port, is
on shore at Pensacola, has landed 300 bales cotton. On St. Rasa
Island. The DI atta keeset, from New Orleans for Liverpool, was on
the bar of the Mississippi, about 16th instant. There wai only-11}
feet water on the S.W. bar, at high tide.-16th Dec. The Juno, from
Honduras for this port, was seen aground on the Bahamas 36th Nov.
in lat. 24 20, long. 78 56
Jamaica, Weston, hence at Bahia
Vernon,-Murphy, hence at New York
Colchester, Dl•Lean, hence at Mobile
Marion, Spalding; Aurora, Warren, and Fergus, Cornforth, hence
at Apalachicola
FALMOUTH, Jan. 2.—A large American ship, with colours hoisted in
distress, was seen 30th Dec. by the Star, packet, from Halifax
Oglethorpe,' Mills, hence at Savannah
Republic, Williams, hence at New York 19th Dec. and not the
Europe, as reported 2nd instapt
Chatham, Graham. hence at Boston •
Liverpool, Godfrey, hence at Halifax
Thomas Battersby, hence for Maranham, at Lamlash
Susan, Neil. from Westport; Cadiz, IWKinlay, and Perseverance,
M'Ghee, from Killibegs ; Perseverance, Hoed, from Sligo; Lucy
End, Wilson, from Westport; and Arab, Dl:Queen, from Limerick,
all for Liverpool, at Campbeltown.

TELEGRAPH OFFICE, JANUARY 4.

Wind at Holyhead W.N.W. moderate in the morning, West, dilto
noon and evening,
Off Holyhead, inward bound, at 9 A.m. No. 1755, Prances-de-Pau
A.S.
Off Point Lvnas, inward bound, at 1 30 p.m. No. No, 893, St. An.
drew, B.S. (llas a pilot.)
Off the Skerries, outward bound, at 11 3) a.m. No. 24, Charlotte.
B.S. for Africa—and-212, Sayan ilia, B. Bk. for Carthagena.

importo.

AFRICA.

--- ---
Kingston, (2'.8) W Kelly, from Africa, with 950 cks palm oil, 130
cks in shakes. 1 ese bugles, pns F bread retd, C Iforsfall—G D
Dido, (297) N Gaskell, from Africa, 600 casks palm 011, 122 casks
iron and 16 casks copper manillas, 1 case flints, 4 cases bugles, 1 ease
flints, 4 cases bugles, 1 case guns, 6 boxes soap, 13 pees silk hand-
kerchiefs returned, Sir J Tobinls D •
Ilankinson, (229) J. Jefferson, from Africa, 500 casks palm oil, 3
elephants' teeth, order—Q D

WEST INDIES AND MADEIRA.
Alice, (302) .1 Anwyl, from Barbadoes, 3.8 hlids 34 tees 5 brls sugar,
102 bags ginger, 108 puns 12 hhds molasess, Barton,- Irlam and co-6
hhds sivar..l Wilson-15 bales cotton, 13 packages suceades, 4 pack-
ages sundries, 25 packages tamarinds, 11 packages pickles, &c. 10
cases 6 hhds brandy, 5 butts 14 cases Spanish and 1 pipe 1 hhd Port
wine. order.—From Madeira, 7 pipes 22 hhds 14 qr casks wine, order
—Q D
Grace, (341) P Pearson, from Demerara, 235 • hhds 2. brls sugar, 55
puns ao C W and F Shand-105 IIhOS sugar, 41 puns 19
lihas 26 brls rum. T and (1 11111171,15,- 60 oaodnaen,:Tinne
and co-;-63 -do, N Waterhouse and Sons-50 puns niulasses, 10 bags
coffee, C W and F hand—W D
Chatham. (354) J Gill, from Madeira, 5 hf pipes Madeira wine,
Priestley, Griffith and Cox-2 hhes 6qr casks wine, order.—From
Demerara, 169 hhds 29 tees 41 hrls sugar, 72 puns 30 hhds 20 brls rum,
J Gladstone and co-24 hhds 73 brls sugar, 18 puns 17 hhds rum, 3
packages sundries, order-15 hhds sugar, 10 puus rum, S Mackay—.
166 hhds sugar, 'l' and H Murray-32 do, J Wilson-12 du, C Horgan
—ll do, N Waterhouse and Sons—W

SOUTH AMERICA.
Courier, (142) J Nelson. from Valparaiso, 3444 serons copper ore,
705 bales wool, 705 dry hides, Gibbs, Bright and eo-28 bars copper,
order-1 case contents unknown, Todd Naylor and co--1 box skins
she master—G D

BRITISH AMERICA.
'Atabasita, (427) S Nesfield,, from Richibueto, 39 pces birch and 596
pees fir timber, 42 . pees deals, 9 cords lathwood, ilolderness and
Chilton-128 deals; 68 pees lir, a quantity lathwood thrown overboard
in a'gale—B D
St. Lawrence, (151) H Marmaud, from Miratnichi; 3112 pces deals
and deal ends, Anderson. Garrow and•co—B D
Joseph Porter, (482) J N. Porte:, from • St. Stephen's,•sC ic 25 deals
575 e laths, 7 fa rhoms lathwood, Cannon, Miller and co —B
Frances, ('174) A •lrmstrong, from St. John, N B, with 187 ps bird
and '7lO, ps fir timber, 261 c 26 deals, 77 c staves, 12 cords lathwood
Gibbi; Bright and co-.—S D

AZORES.
Adventure, (59) W H Tucker, from Terceira, 100 boxes 555 hf boxes
oranges, W Dart—G D

EUROPE.
Mayflower, (66) J Curning, from I%lalaga,with 41 qr cks wine, J
Aikin-467 bags shuilnac, J Crump and co-320 bars lead, order-1 bx
W bxs 690 bxs 801 qr bxs
oranges, I qr bx raisins,
raisins, 4 chts Ibx oranges and lemons, Idm figs, 279 hf chts 20 qr
chts lemons, J Aikin—S D
Swift, (57) W Stokes, from St Übes, 187 chts 180 hf cht oranges, E
Itac-11 chts 27 hf chts 19 bxs do, Master—a pps wine, A.l do Costa

—S D
Brothers, (175) G Hutchinson, from Zante, 155 butts 57 carnteels
currants, 3 tons fustic, Nl`Andre ws, Pitcher & co.—From Cephalonia,
80 butts 6 carroteels currants, M'Andrews, Pitcher and co.-1 cask
currants, the master—Q 1)
Alvin ia, (150) 1, C Simonsen. from Hambro', 53 qr casks butter, 230
brls flour, 205 bags bread, 3 cases '2 casks contents unknown, 1 cask
human teeth, 2 pees meat, Preller and Gabain—t chest a chair, Cone
and Telo-62 cases contents unknovvn, 2 pattern boxes, 5.r0 empty
demijohns. Fde Lizardi and co-240 brls 30 hf brls flour, 41 casks
spirits, 34 hhds 10 puns bread, 50 hhds packs, order-3 cases contents
unknown, G and W Simmons-1 cask anchovies, 1 basket.sausages,
J BErancker-1 box combs, Barrow and Dagnall —G 13
Aristides, (199) W Hart, from Hambro', 20 tons chromate iron, W
Dentin and co-3 crates beef, 10 boxes cherry brandy, J Braith waite
and co-59) brls flour, Sambas and Claxton-1000 brls flour, 20 casks
spirits, order-200 bags bread, ,1 G Oughterson-94 bags bread, 1 box
books, 2 peps beef, 2 boxes eau de. Cologne, 2 boxes cigars, Graham
and Taylor—Q D
Argentina, (246) S W Kelso, from Antwer and Buenos Ayres, with
(front Buenos Ayres,) 12 t shin bones, G Barker and co-2 prcts conts
unkii, Rowand and Dunlop —( from Antwerp,) 118 t oak bark, 1 tint
conts utikn, 20 his cloverseed, order-20 bgs cloverseed, J and J J ack-
son-2.) his flax. J C Kernp—Q 13
Paquete de Mhos.. (95, 111 de Mavene, from Tarragona, with 1330
bgs hazel nuts, E W Jackson—Q 1)
Oporto, '172) W Smith, from Oporto, with 17 h 37 qr cks 4 es wine,
order-3'p 4 h do. J Crosbie-20 qr cks do. Pemberton and Green-10
do, Glarebrook Bros-12 do, J R Preston-1 p uO,Tennants Clow and
p do, Kers, I mrie and co-4 p do, A Swaioson-10 p do, Alan-
son and co-42 chts 37 bx,s oranges, 6 bslits onions, 1 pkge I cht dried
fruit, 4 brls conts unkn, order-3 bls B maufrs retd, Leech and Harri-
sbn-1 do,'l Plvie dry fruit, Froes Bros-14 bxs onions, 111 Leicester—
: 1 cht 44 bxs oranges, E and A S Levy-6 t corkwood, 6 bxs dried fruit,
T Martin and Sori—G D
Rapid, (133) G A Cockran, from Alexandria, (Egypt). with 381 1)1s
cotton. order-150 do, 11 A B Marocchino-22 do, Daring Bros and co
-Ott 2 t old junk, lklaster—Q 13
Tally Ho, (121) E King, from Patras, with 127 bts,hts 105 crtls cur,
rants, 2 t fustic. E Rae—S D
Union-, (151) A Vanderbevde. from Ostend. with 49 Ids flax, T Tat.
tersall, Sons aNil eo-41 do, A Swainson-33 do, Horner and Bell-30
do, W Winn-ICO do, 86 t oak bark, order—Q 1)

IiIVERYOUL TIDE T.iLE

Tuesday... 2
Wednesday 3
Thursday 4
Friday
Saturday
Sunday 7
Monday

Mrn. Ern. lli.
1 Ft. M. IL 11., P. 1.
i 3jo , 338 16 6 ,Sun in Perigee 2h morn.
4 6 436 15 4 i Venus sets 8119 m even.
5 7 540 14 8 . Jupiter stationary.
614 651 13 11 1 Mars sets 4h 4311 even.
725 8 0/ 13 3 ; Epiphany.
83/ 9 1i 13 7; Ist Sunday after Epiphany
929 954 113 11 I Lucian.

•, • - •
LI V ET: l'ol.l 1"1•ON JAN. 4.
Since our last the demand has been very limited ; the ales yester-
day were.'' :Pa ha-4s, and to-day the busink•ss is only 15UU bags. Prices
are Id to la per It lower than on Friday last..

1,1 VER MO'. PROVISION M ARKET. JAN.. 4
Prime Butters have become so very scarce that holders are not
willing to offer them at present; in thL. mean time we think ourselves
justified in quoting Belfast, uarlow, and Kilkenny Is ' 2s per cwt.
higher. The aggregate of the import up to the Nth ult. for the past
year as-compared with the preceding one, exhibits a deficienef of
about :i9,500 firkins. and the preseia currency is GBs lower.- The
existing stock is about 25,000 firkins ;—although jealousy on the.• part
of holders maker it very difficult to ascertain this fact.
Beef and Pork are .held very steadily at our last quotations. Of
the former up to the 30th ult. we have imported shout 2000 tierces,
and of the latter about 6001 barrels less than in • the corresponding
period of the year previous. The stock of either at the present mo-
ment is very trivial.
Bacon, Hams, and Lard are not altered in value. and the demand
tolerable.

__,.
s. d. s. d.
t UTTRlL—Belfast
Banbridge - 88 0 --
Coleraine B6 0 0 0 • ---
.
Sligo B4 0 S 6 0
Derry. -
!Amelia ' 81' 0 85 0
Carrick -
Kilkenny
Carlow, - 90 0
Waterf:ord -
Newry $0 0 83 0 ' --
Cork 11, y 3,1,3
Do. oirkle.l 2ds • 91) 0 91 0 --
BRistr.—New Prime Mess 9O 0 -.105 0 per tierce
Do. ... 0 0 0 0 per hart el
PORK ...
B.sco,
DRY BANS - 0
%V HT Do
LA It D. —Firtkin 56 0 62 0
_

-..,..... .....
Blatittred

. .
LEVEItPOOI‘, CORN EXCHANGE, img. 2.
The imports of Grain have been very moderate, but of Flour and
Oatmeal they have again been to a pretty considerable extent since
Tuesday last, and there has been rather more demand for good Wheat
during the past week at fully the prices last noted, and which in some
instances have been a little exceeded here, and in our country mar-
kets ; fur all other articles sales have been very limited, but last quo-
tations have been fully supported.
The duty on Oats and Peas frOm foreign ports is since Friday in-
creased is 6d per quarter, on all other Grain it remains unaltered;
several parcels of sweet Hamburgh Flotir in bond have fiiund sales
for export at 25s to 2Gs, and .also of American sour at 23s to 23s per
barrel ; of bonded Oats some parcels have al,o found purchases at
2s ad to 3s ld per 431 b. for very fine heavy Dntch, of Which there is
none at present here, ourhighest quotations would be obtained ; some
parcels of the finest white Danzig Wheat in bond have been wild :It
ss, and a the finest fresh Pomeranian at 4s 8d per 7 lb but such
.qoalities are now so scarce that that it would be difficult to make any
tUrther purchases at such prices, and we must continue our quotations
as under.
- At this day's market there was a very good attendance of town and
country millers and dealers who bought more freely and to a fair ex-
tent of new.and old Irish Wheat at an advance of about 2tl per 7ilb. ' •
Flour also obtained Is per 2801 h. higher ; sales to a mode: ate extent
were made of Oats at fully last week's prices, and Oatmeal was 6d per
24011 s higher; for all other articles there was alsO a little better de-
mand but no alteration in prices.
WHEAT, IV 701 b s. d. s. d.
English 8 0 6 9 2
Scotch
Irish
Bonded- • 0 0 0 0
BARLEY, tf/ qr.
English 35 0 —36 0
Chevalier 37... 0 —3B .0
Scotch, 4,601 b 4 6 4 7
Irish " 3 4 3 10
Foreign, in bond. 2 0 2 2
OATS, ae 451 b.
English • 3 6 3 8
Scotch
Irish
Foreign, in bond. 2 0 3 3
Ditto, duty free 3 2 3 6
RYE, 4r qr.
MALT, 41r qr. fine 56 0 —6J 0
. Middling 46 0 —52 0

INDIAN CORN, V 480 Th.
lied
White 43 0 44 0
BEANS, de qr.
English
Irish
PEAS, Grey
White 32 0 39 0
RAPESEED, 411 last, ----
FLOUR, English, cir 280th.
Fine 35 o 45 0
Irish
American, 4r brl. free.
Sweet, U.S.
Sour,hond 24 6 —25 6
OATMEAL, 4r 2401 h
English 22 0 —23 6
Do. new 1837. 23 0 24 6
Scotch.. 22 0 22 6
