THE BIDDLE COTTON SPECULATION

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.
Sin,—l have lately remarked many notices in the Liver-
pool papers respecting the Biddle Cotton Speculation, more
especially in the Mail. Many of the statements have doubt-
less been furnished by persons who understood something of
the business; still it appears to me they do not fully com-
prehend the whole nature of the transactions. I was in the
Southern States last and part of the present year, and had
an opportunity of observing some of the operations of Mr.
B.'s agents.
When Mr. Biddle found he could not renew the charter of
the United States Bank. he procured a charter from the
State of Pennsylvania. In the summer of last Year, all the
banks of the States stopped specie payments. Mr. Biddle
put his forefinger to his forehead, and said, " I have it here."
The old notes of the United States Bank were reissued. Mr.
Biddle •appointed numerous agents in the cotton-shipping
ports, even as far as the territory of Florida. These agents
were well supplied wiih the old notes, which they issued to
an immense extent, selling then, at a premium for such notes
as would purchase cotton, to parties who were on their way
to New York to purchase goods, or who had remittances to
make; these bills, from long habit, having obtained a better
standing in the country than the bills of any bank in exist-
ence, especially at the time. Now, Sir, Mr. Biddle accom-
plished a very great deal by this contrivance: he saved the
expense of issuing new notes; he procured a premium on
his old paper; he saved interest of money • he partially mo-
nopolised the cotton trade, and he did all this with pieces
, of dirty paper—with the notes of a bank not in existence.
How good such notes may be is not for me to judge. No
doubt they are good, and will be some time redeemed by Mr.
l
Biddle; but in the mean time, while the Americans are
holding this paper, Mr. Biddle is holding their cotton, and
the probable (ifa b not a
nett
bullion,re(eivit i
n g r
quitea
sd
go
o fromEnglandasan and France
advance on
proceeds of his cotton, or rather his old notes.
I wish all the Jews could be transported to America, to
teach Jonathan how to do his business.
I am, Sir, yours to command,
Liverpool, Sept. 12th, 1838.

FUMO.

MARRIAGE Hoax.—Yesterday, at the Police-office, Mr.
Ross, of the Liverpool Chronicle, applied after the business
of the police-court was over for a summons against Mr. Wm.
Davis, clerk and nephew of Mr. Davis, of the Lyceum
Vaults, for having forged the signature of a respectable gen-
tleman of the town, which was attached to a statement of the
marriage of his daughter. This statement had been inserted
in the Chronicle, and turned out to be a stupid and ill-natured
hoax. The same young lady bad had the same trick played
on her on a firmer occasion. The party of whom lie com-
plained had himself brought the letter, and was thin recog-
nized. Mr. Hall recommended a civil action as the best
mode of punishing the party. Mr. Ross said this would cer-
tainly be resorted to, as the lady's friends were greatly an-
noyed at it. The conductors of newspapers generally did all
in their power to prevent the insertion of false statements of
marriages, but it was impossible sometimes not to be de-
ceived; and the parties guilty of making such false statements
richly deserved, when they could be found out, either a sound
horsewhipping or an action being brought against them.
THE EXHIBITION OF PAINTINGS.—This exhibition
opened yesterday in the Exhibition Rooms, Postoflice-place.
The rooms are crowded with paintings which we shall on
future occasions notice in detail, according to their merits.
The hasty glance we had yesterday of the numerous paint-
ings has left but a confused idea of them on our minds.
There appear to be a greater number of respectable paintings
than before, but few which deserve to be ranked in the higher
walks of att. There are a number of Pennington's elabo-
rate winter scenes ; several of Ntiilliatoson's exquisitely
finished fairy landscapes, and a number of Havell's glowing
sunsets. All these are pretty patches of landscape and
sentiment, but nothing great. The principal painting
in the large room is taken from Collin's Ode to the
Passions, by Mr, George Patten. A.I{.A. This is a fine
painting, rich in colouring, and well drawn and de-
signed: we speak, of course, merely from a hasty
glance. There is one of Cooper's cattle pieces, rather unfi-
nished, which is however a good painting. There are the
usual number of nobodies--" portraits of gentlemen"—stuck
there to occupy space which would be better filled up by
something fit to con•emplate, rather than the unmeaning
phizzes of persons valued perhaps in their own family circle,
but whom the world knows not, and feels no interest in. It
is too bad that the portraacni.at,tocafh ndevery "gentleman" who has
twenty guineas to spare to get himself immortalised on can-
cig
(a)
never.gaze o f peoplehea
rd whoof or care
Lvlaost,ashsreeldzebe aboutstrrckt
huep trno
him before. We can extend an excuse to the portraits of
anbgencr
these thenno notion
they
do
looking ladies, if the originals are pretty, or if the portraits be flat-
tered, admireata as
man prettyas a prettypictures;-:
butt red i
pic-
ture! Those men who have distinguished themselves form
an exception, of course; because then we study their portraits
to find out the lineaments of that ability which distinguished
them. The portrait now of Mr. Fletcher Raincock, as the
portrait of a gentleman much respected and the senior of the
Northern bar, is a fair exception and enriches an exhibition.
There are several very good water colour paintings, and alio
several good busts; one especially of his worship the mayor,
is an excellent likeness. We shall recur to the ex-
hibition mere in detail; had at greater length in out tutura

CONTEMPORARY PRESS.

DUELLING.
( From the Morning Herald.)
It is vain to attempt the suppression of the practice
of duelling by moral essays and appeals to religious.
principle so tom!, as our statesmen and legislarorss-anc-
;
tion that absurd-. .4nd barbarous practice, by their ex-
ample. t Ire law declares all deliberate lighting width
ends in homicide to he mui.der, but the tuc-mat.tery
• praetic.lly recommend by their conduct that which the
law denounces, and while the statute-hook puts the
Sfaircp-orniony Op4ri ftiesti,l7.l7 'n":-uf tire successful
duellist, and hand:: his person over to the public exe-
cutioner as a nuit•nnce, only tit to be strangled in the
eyes of the people, the statute maker takes the instru-
ment of murder in ids hand, points it at the breast of
a fellow-creature for some paltry provocation, and co-
vers himself with a felon's ignominy to vindicate his
honour.
What can the moralist do in such a case ?.
expound the Divine law, ;•nd ab.ly and eloquently up.
veal to its denunciations of Dicine disp!easure
those who delib,!ratelv shed the blood of man 't wade
in the Divine imag" e,tit
perseded the law of C
upon merely moral ;,:ronn
the practice, but a tyrant custom tramples on iJil to
considerations. 1./e may, as the last resort, one,
volume of tha municip ii law. and read the cl
penalties of dl2graee and de.-,:h therein t.

rd the :oit

he rimy

shion h.As sn

:"1 g 11 t!

:I:lr..latr +;i V• i)

rs;~! ui

F•itatos not to patro.

by tile e:.

this species of hornici
ample of the law mak
rise the mataierouspry
person the law under wl:ieb ho has set up the g
fur the abatement of the nois:lnce !
Writers have, variously iiceouni
duelling—some referring- it to the judicial combat
called ordeal of battle—t;m elision; of an ignoraut and
superstitions age ; others to the tournaments aad jousts
of the days of alnyalye, which,
.i.yiein in sport, often
led to real and tAtal pesain,ll Cut kiuns. o.hers, again,
will have it. that. the dual° is of eastern origin, and
not known in Europe b. fore the tiiee of the crusades.
In a dissertation upon the propriety of the practice its
origin is of little moment. It is sufficient to know
that all accounts of its original introduction among
the habits-of European society agree in this, that it
had its commeneement in ti!itOS cumlarati7ely barba-
rous, when force had more to do with the decision of
right and the redress of wrongs than reason and law.
A morning contemporary offers a sort of defence for
it by saving that " it appears to be an unfortunate ne-
cessity of civilisation." If it were a necessity of
vilisation it would be universally found to prevail
wherever civilisation flourished. Yet it is a fact that
the most civilised nations of the classic ages knew no-
thing of it. The nations whose literature has carried
refinement of taste, elegance of invention, exactness
of reasoning, the force of eloquence, rind the fascina-
tion of poetry to that perfection which has made their
works models of excellence to all succeeding ages,
know nothing of that " necessity of civilisation" which
consists in the modern abFurdity of "gentlemanly sa-
tisfaction." That people who- triumphed over slavery
and barbarism at Mar.ithon•and Salamis—that other
greater people who carried their arms and the arts of
civilisation fruit) tire centre of Italy to the utmost li-
mits of the known world, knew nothing of the honour-
able practice which stained with the noble and
ignoble blood of senatia; and sharpers, lords and Ii•
nendrapers, military chiefs and man-milliners, the vic-
tims of gambling house squabbles and tavern warfare,
the green turf of Wimbledon Common or Chalk Farm.
It was not in such stupid and barbarous broils the
courage of Greece or Rome signalised itself. The-
mistocles exclaimed to his exasperated opponent,
"Strike me, but hear me ;" and his countrymen re-
corded, for the admiration of all posterity, the sublime
forbearance of one of their greatest statesmen and
bravest warriors. The Romans conquered the world,
but their courage was not nurtured by the practice of
duelling. They knew nothing of premeditated mor-
tal combats for either the " point of honour" or per-
sonal revenge. Not in the strife of honourable " as-
sassination" was the lofty, the high-minded courage
trained for the defence and glory of a country in whose
cause

a ,„ %Jul:o,e iil ills ot'.

-" The self-devoted De: ii died,
The Fabii fell, and the great Seipios conquered."

It is not a great while since we felt it our duty to
express our nornitio-ated disgust at a duel which sig-
nalised the "chivalry" of a British nobleman and the
husband of an opera singer. The Standard preceded.
us in that disagreeable task, and brought upon itself a
flood of scurrilous abuse through the columns of most
of its -London contemporaries, which made us blush
for the character of the British press. Had the mur-
derer of the unfortunate dealer in fleecy hosiery and
hair-triggers, at Wimbledon, been a " singing man,"
or the husband of a "singing lady"—we will not for
the world say "woman"—public sympathy would be
exhausted upon him. The chivalry of tire feat would
quite overshadow the bloody nature of the crime, and
any journal that was bold enough to brand with honest
inaignation the " accomplished" culprit, would be
handed over by some of our high-minded ,lad liberal
contemporaries to the abuse and execration of name-
less correspondents, pouring on its devoted head the
collected wrath of opera green-rooms and musical sa-
loons. But as it appears the principal is not a singer,
or the husband of a singer, but one of Evans's merce-
naries, whose aunt is said to keep the Crown Inn at
Taunton, it is possible that he may be left to his fate
without "Fops'-alley" and Grub street rising in arms,
whenever he appears to take his trial at the Old
Bailey.
_ _ _ • .

But the foolish and barbarous practice of duelling is
not to be put down by the empty threat or even the
actual enforcement of capital punishment. The hang-
ing of Major Campbell for killing his brother officer
Boyd in a duel had no effect in repressing the offence.
It is absurd to enact the penaity of death to put down
a custom which consists in braving death to escape the
imputation of fearing to die. Cowardice in regard
of the opinion of the world is the great stimilus to
duelling on the part of those who are not trained and
professed "assassins" in that line. We use the void
"assassin" advisedly. Professed duellists are gene-
rally rank cowards, who rely upcin their practice with
the pistol against persons not accustomed to the use of
the weapon, and who have never qualified themselves
at shooting galleries and such places for a trade in
blood, as such "civilised" ruffians do. Professed
duellists acquire a sort of sleight of hand in the use of
the weapon, which enables them to take advantage of
unpracticed persons, more especially when "hair
triggers" are employed; and what is that but cold-
blooded, deliberate assassination ?
Though the pain of death cannot put down duel-
ling, a life of disgrace and hard labour inflicted upon
the " murderer" in this line would go far to produce
that desirable effect. We have no objection to some
examples being made in that way, which would con-
sign the gentlemanly homioide, whether he was a mi-
litary " scamp" or a " civil" bully, who relied upon
his practice with " hair triggers" to a life of hard ta-
bour in a chained gang in a penal settlement. The
duelling hero's fashionable glory would no longer shed
a dangerous attraction when associated with the con-
vict's drudgery and the felon's doom.

With regard to the practice of duelling among pub-
lic men, which chiefly grows oat of political conflicts,
a law which would render any man ineligible to apub-
lic office who engaged, either as principal or second, in
a duel, would, if rigorously and impartially executed,
probably put an end to it altogether. But the diffi-
culty is to get those who make the law to enact a law
against themselves. Alto a vet diet of murder against
a duellist, such a thing is never known now-a days,
except by a coroner's jury, which, of course, has only
the effect of a bill of indictment, to put the accused
party on his trial for the runnier' when a sort of solemn
farce is generally performed, ending; in the sympathies
of the audience being lavished on the culprit in the
dock, who, having been satisfactorily proved to have
murdered a fellow-creature, with the usual forms of
honourable assassination, receives a verdict of " hop
pourable acquittal"—bows to the judge, who looks
upon a vulgar murderer, perhaps, with a different eve
—and walks home to put his whiskers and his hair
triggers in repair for future operations. Let the
empty terror of a conviction for murder be taken
away. Let the sentence of the blood stained duellist
be that of g ravated manslaughter, with its degraded
doom of transportation for life to a penal settlement,
and duelling will he no longer a fashionable vocation.

BOOLOGN2.—THE LATE DUEL.— ( Frum a Correvondeta.)
—Mr. Eliot, one of the principals in the late final noel at
Wimbledon Common, has been resining at one of the prin-
cipal hotelsin Boulogne for he fortnight, nun is oa very
good terms with Young Dutch Salo, the pugilist, woo has
been staving there ever since a vernn.it of Ellallslaughier was
returned against him by a coroner's jury. for Eoonsting cri the
killing of Brighton Bill, in a prize light. Beth Ellin and
Young Dutch Sam intend to remain at Boulogne until the
of in which they were engaged are entirely blown over.
Young Dutch Sam is supported by the fancy, anti dresses
well; out since his stay at Boulogne he has been remarkable
for his steady habits and.general good behaviour. We can-
not, however, say so much of Mr. Eliot and his associates,
some of whom were engaged in the duel. They make no
secret of the business in which they were concerned, and
have been boasting of toe part they acted. On Friday
evening last Eliot favoured the people of Boulogne with a
specimen of his pugilistic powers, by encountering three or
four Frenchmen near the Bath estaolishment, who lie con-
ceived had insuited him. In the vulgar slang of the ring, be
pitched into the Frenchmen, who, however, were getting the
best of the a(l'ray, when an English coachman interfere( in
his behalf. and for so, &jag was vent speedo), taken by the
gendarmes from the box of his carriage, and conveyed to
the guard-house for the night, leaving the horses to no where
they pleased with •t he empty carrion' v! e. i coacoman was
taken before the proper trithina: on ,Saturday morning, and
was allowed to depart afterreceiving
anintimation that be
would receive a summons when further nroneediogs were
taken. 'the police will take care iii the meantime that he
does not leave the place. Eliot continued to eiude the vigi-
lance of the gendarmerie. Boulugue is' really considered
quite an asylum for those who dread the terrors of the lee in
England, and, no doubt, will in future be deemed a safe one.
after the conduct pursued by the authorities in the case of
Myers, whom they refused to deliver up to an English police
ofßcer, although charged, on the vet dict of a coroner's jury,
since confirmed by the grand jury, of wilful murder. It is
well understood at Boulognethat any application on the- part
of those who may come armed with the coroner's warrant for
Eliot's apprehension will be of no avail. In Young Dutch
Sam's case no attempt has ever been made to take him into
:custody, although some of his companions have been found
guilty of manslaughter. Since writing the above we hear,
that the English coachman has received a summons to appear
before a tribunal on Friday next. He never got off his box,
but it is feared he will be lined and imprisoned; so much
for French police and French law.—Morning Chronicle,

VALEDICTORY ADDRESS OF THE DEPUTATION
FROM THE CHURCH IN UPPER CANADA.

IlivtriG been deputed, with the Rev. Benjamin Cronyn,
by the Church in Upper Canada "to make known to tL,e
" Archbishops, Bishops, and Dignitaries of the United Church
"of England and Ireland, the destitute state of her mem-
" bers in the CanadaF, and, with their permission, to take
" such steps as might be found most expedient to interest our
" brethren, both of the Clergy and Laity, in our favour, acid
" excite in their hearts a desire, as they have the o.thility, to
" assist us in supplying the spiritual wants of our people, and
" in building up a branch of the United Church in those ex-
" tensive provinces ;"—and being now on the eve of my re-
turn, it trust, appear inopportune, briefly to state
the results of our mission :

The lamented indisposition and subsequent demise of our
beloved Bishop (of Quebec) rendered a direct communication
with his Grace the Primate indispensably necessary to our
proceedings. I have felt it my duty to maintain uninterrupted
that commtinication, by transmitting to his Grace copies of
every letter of importance which I have either written or re-
cei?ed. It is scarcely necessary to say that his Grace has un-
ceasingly manifested the liveliest interest in nor cause.. From
the other Archbishops, and from many of the Bishops, we have
received similar assurances of sympathy, and full permission
to preach and hold public ineetin,s in their dioceses. We
;,give presented our humble nv-moritil to our most gracious
Sovereign the Queen. To the Imperial_ Legislature oar
petition for relief has been submitted, which in the House of

Peers gave rise to an animated and interesting discussion.
With 'her Majesty's Government I have used every legi;i-
mate effort to proenre a Bishop, and some alleviation to our
spiritual wants. We have brought the state of our Chute!)
personally under the attention of about two thousa:td of our
Clergy, and one uniform expression of interest has been the
The Universities of Oxford, Cambridge, and Dubin

have gi:•en public proof of their penozasion l';iat the pr:)spe-
lily of the colonial members of the Church is necessary to
the well-being of the natioual Zion. The members of both

'douses of Parliament have been supplied with a Copy ,o 1
the " History of the Church in Upper Canada-;'' and from
many I have received unequivocal testimony that the subject
considered by them as worthy -of most serious considera-
tion. Several members of both houses have openly espoused
the interests of our deserted Many of the first news-

papers and periodicals in the land have directly, and ably,
and gratuitously advocated our cause, given publicity to our

proceedings, and drawn attention to nor minted statements.
About three thousand copies of our "History" have been
circulated, and nearly two hundred thouland Appeals. We
have peached and held public meetings, in more than one-
half the dioceses. in England, and have travelled little less
than six thousand miles. From many of the places we have
visited petitions have been presented to Parliament. 1 have
now openings in Cornwall, Devon, Dorset, Somerset. Glou-
cester, Wilts, Hants, Surrey, Berks, Warwick, Suffolk, Lin-
coln, and York; in other words, abundant occupation for
another year: but I am induced to decline any further pro-
ceedings for reasons which appear conclusive to my tAva
mind :

First,—l believe that the great object of our mission has
been attained; information has been circulated, and the pub-
lic attention has been consequently drawn to our destitute
state. Relief, therefore, cannot long be delayed.
Secondly,—The " Society for the Propagation of the
Gospel" has taken up the cause of the British North Ame-
rican Church in good earnest, has pledged itself to send out
forty I'vlissionartes; is now occupied in holding meetings, and
sending preachers throughout the country; and, as I under-
stand, purposes to -employ a Clerical Secretary in every
diocese, in order, that by a systematic parochial arrange-
ment, the energies of the Church may be called- into action.
No real lover of his Church can road the published account
of the proceedings at Willis's rooms, in June last, without
unfeigned gratitude to God for the prospect of a speedy alle-
viatio❑ to our Colonial destitution. (I cannot refrain from
remarking here, on a most unaccountable mis-statement

which has been put into the Bishop of London's Speech,
viz , that we, in upper Cabada, " have already built three
hundred and sixty churches, at an expense of £2OO each." I
have written, and preached, and printed, and pleaded, that
WE WANT that number of Churches. Such an error ought
not to have appeared under the authority of the Society.) I
should fear now, under this altered and most encouraging
position of the Society, lest the prosecution of my individual
labours in England, might be interpreted into an interfer-
ence with the plans of the Society.
Thirdly,—lt is now certain that a " Queen's letter" has
been granted for collections in all Churches and Chapels,—
the proceeds to be distributed by the " Society for the Pro-
pagation of the Gospel." About a year ago made a most
urgent appeal to his Grace the Primate to obtain such a
letter for Upper Canada exclusively. We shall doubtlessly
have our share in the national bounty, and therefore ij might
not be considered expedient to anticipate, by my own private
eff(Aints, this public appeal.
Mutt hl y,—The '• Upper Canada Clergy Society" has in.
*creased the number of its missionaries. I trust the auxilia-
ries and agencies which. I have formed and established for the
society will be diligently visited. I understand front the
treasurer and secretary that the committee are resolved to
carry on the labours of the society with every possible energy.
ant anxious to give publicity to this statement, inasmuch as
under an erroneous impression received at a committee meet-
iug, I observed, in my "history," that the society would
cease to exist us soon as the " Society for the Propagation of
the Gospel" had succeeded in effectually relieving the spiri-
tual necessities of the Provint-e.

Fifthly,—My own flock in Upper Canada have reiterated
the expression of their desire, to which expression my Din.
cesau, tire Bishop of Montreal. has given the sanction of his
assent, that. 1 should return to say labours amongst them.
They have patiently endured an absence of eighteen months:
and few parishes in'Enzland could have more cheerfully sacri-
ficed to the public good, the ministrations of their appointed
pastor.
On taking leave of our numberless friends in England, I
. .

may be perMitted briefly to place before them, and the public
generally, the actual state of spiritual destitution of Britain's
population in Upper Canada, the vast majority of which are
of the poorer daises, and consequently utterly unable to pro-
cure spiritual instruction fur themselves. Upper Canada is
equal in extent to England and Wales, and is partially
inhabited throughout this entire extent of couitry. The
reads are always bad and frequently almost impassable. The

lopniation exceeds 510,000.

Clergy: c, (I s

ellielent, for many have spent their years and strength in
their "labour of 'love") amount to about sixty. To judge
aright of our destitution, it may be necessary to speak of
Eiwtomi's spiritual riches. :The population of England may
be estimated atjburteen millions, and the Clergy at fifteen
housand. Assuming the facilities of communication to be
iqual io both countries, our proportion of Clergymen, accord-
s» to the relative state of the population of the two COW:-
tries, should be six hundred. We have, therefore, sixty
attempting iu a sphere occupied in England by
.fij.-*teen thou-
sand, to do the work of six hundred. Or thus: take away
thirteen thousand five hundred Clergymen from the Church
of England, and then would the destitution here be equal to
that which our fellow-countrymen and fellow-churchmen are
enduring in Upper Canada. These' are very plain but very
appalling facts. Ought these things so to he? . Let the
Church in England distinctly say No ! I venture to suggest
and urge on the attention of the Clergy and Laity of the
Church, the absolute necessity of forwarding petitions to the
Imperial Legislature. One may be expected from Upper
Canada. The Universities of the land will, doubtless, take
the lead. Let every town and conoregation follow the ex-
ample. We need a Bishop. No Bishop—no Church. -Is
it right that the Runtish Church should have a Bishop and
Priests maintained at the public expense in Uppei Canada
where their foilowers form but a small fraction of the popula-
tion, and that encouragement should he given to various
sectaries in the province, while to our National Church the
right and privilege of a Bishop should be distinctly refused ?
I know we have one Bishop in Lower Canada ;—but is he
sufficient to take the Episcopal charge of a country WO
miles in length, three tines the size of England, and con-
taining a population of 1,100,000 souls
We need assistance in the maintenance of ministers, the
restoration of the grant to the "Society for the Propagation
of the Gospel," and au annual grant for clearing popions of
the "Clergy Reserves." for glebes, as the growing Ivants of
the colony require. Let Christian England be reminded,
even by every hamlet, of its high and holy duty to provide
for the spiritual instruction of its subjects, to the remotest
boundary of its possessions. Let all remember, that the evil
we complain of is continually increasing. In every petition let
the prayer be strongly expressed that the Imperial Parlia-
ment would forthwith proceed to the settlement of the ques-
tion of the "Clergy Reserves,"—because so long as the sub-
ject remains in its present state there can be no peace in the
province—because the Legislative Council have unanimously
and repeatedly deprecated the agitation of the question in
the province, and a large majority in the House of Assembly
have constantly dissented from the method of disposal pro-
posed by the majority and because the Imperial Legislature
alone can definitively decide the question. The public need
only read the Act, (31 Gen. iii. c. 31 § 35-42) to be per-
suaded, that to the Clergy of the Church of England alone
these lands belong. I am prepared also to show from the
correspondence of the Government of the day, with General
Simcoe, the Lieutenant-Governor of the Province, that such
was the only construction of the act then thought of. Let
no "appropriation clause" be forced upon us. The Bishop-
ric of Sodor and Man was saved by petitions. It was my in-
tention, had I. remained- in England, to have published at the
opening of the next session of Patliatnent, a form of petition
embracing these several objects, but I ant persuaded these
suggestions will be abundantly sufficient.
In conclusion, may 1 be permitted to express the hope that
some of my brethren in the Ministry, who, in our personal
interviews have exhibited the most lively sympathy in our
need, will be led to offer themselves as labourers in this most
deserted portion of the Lord's vineyard ? How thankful
should I he to renew our intercourse in Upper Canada, and
to assist them by my experience of the country, in. entering
on the sphere appointed for their future ministrations ! hlay
the great Head of the Church inspire the members of his
body here with the spirit of sympathy and love towards Ills
destitute members in our Colonies.
WILLIAM BE'L'T RIDGE, B. D.,
Rector of Woodstock, Upper Canada.
London, September, 12th, 1838.

A " LONG YARN."—The longest "yarn" ever spun is now
manufactuting at the ropery of Messrs. Haggle, at Gateshead.
This rope, when finished, will be four thousand eight hundred
yards in length, extending to nearly three miles. An invita-
tion has been given to all those strangers to inspect it. in the
course of spinning, "who may have a taste tor long and tough
spun yarns."
We refer with the liveliest satisfaction to the meetings at
Greenock and Dunoon, to receive Dr. Chalmers. The meet-
ing. at Greenock was most triumphant. The house was
crowded to the outer lobby, notwithstanding the torrents of
rail"; that fell on that day. The provost and magistrates oc-
rereed a ptsw in the front gallery. Every one who heard Dr.
Chalmers, speaks of his address a 8 unanswerable; and we are
informed that it made a deep impression on many dissenters
who attended. The meeting; at Dunoon was also very suc-
cessful. This week the rev. doctor meets with the presbyte-
ries or Irvine and Avr, the former at Kilmarnock, and the
latter at Ayr, where great assemblies are expected.—Scottish
Goat dian.

STEAM PLOUGI-I.—AL:long the new inventions in Francs,
is one which is much talked of among speculators and !pem-
facturers. ft is a steam plough of very peculiar construction,
with which, it is said, four miles of ground can he excavated
with an engine of only eight horses' power, to the depth ot a
font and breadth of two feet, in a single hour. The projector
of the canal from Orleans to Nantes, which, under ordinary
circumstances, would require at least live years for its con-
struction, pretends that in one year, the w hole would be com-
pleted by the uses of this machine, and that the saving in mete
interest. of capital would mount to forty thousand pounds
:terling. A friend of mine, who is one, of the best engineers
in
i Europe, tells me that he has seen the instrument, and that,
th some ameliorations, he believes it would accomplish all
;hat has been stated. The earth, as it is turned up, is thrown
Into a sort of sail, which throws it to a distance of sixty feet.
Correspondent of the Globe. ' .

MEETING AT EDINBURGH. A moneetthin,ge the
New Scotih 'Radicals was he4l last
Hail, for the purpose of nominating a delegate conne 'eta 1.1 cl9n
:he Mid-Lothiarr Universal Suffrage Association, to ‘atteit.(46l
the meeting which is appointed to take place in London
n
*?le I7th instant. Mr. W. S. Sankey was called to the chair.)
The meeting .was addressed by Mr. Sankey, Mr. Finlayson,
Mr. Fraser, and Mr. Abram Duncan, the latter of whoin de
trounced the present movement against the corn laws, as an
expedient got up by the whigs Co distract the attention of the
working' classes from more pressing and more usejal agitation.
On the motion of Mr. Hamilton, seconded by Mr. Sutherland,
it was unanimously agreed to appoint Messrs. Fraser and
and Duncan as. delegates to attend the meeting in London.
in their advertisement, which will be found in our third page,
they describe the assemblage as having amounted to 20,000
persons. We are assured upon the best authority, that this
is at least 17,000 above the actual number 1! ! Various com-
petent judges, to whom we have spoken, estimate the num-
ber present at between 2,000 and 3,ooo.—Scotsman.
