3Entptriat Vartiament.

HOUSE OF LORDS, MONDAY, ./LL Y 1.
Lord FOLEY presented several petitions from places in Staf-
fordshire against colonial slavery.
Lord BELHAVEN presented a petition from the county of
Lanark, against the existing system of church patronage in
Scotland.
Lord BELHAVEN also presented a petition from the General
Assembly of the Church of Scotland against the new system of
education which ministers had adopted for Ireland. He assured
their lordships that the petition originated in strictly religious
feelings, and was not, in the slightest degree, influenced by
political motives, or by any wish to embarrass His Majesty's

ministers.
The Marquis of WESTMEATH moved the third reading of the
Irish Infirmaries Bill. Ile observed that the bill was intended

to prevent the appropriation of bequests for the support of infir-
maries to other objects than those for which they were intended.
The Earl of WicicLow said this was a bill of great importance.
He would ask whether his Majesty's ministers had made them-
selves masters of its details, and were ready to support it? If
such were the case, he would not oppose it.
The Duke of RicumoND said itwould, in his opinion, be better
if the noble earl, instead of addressing himself to his Majesty's
ministers, would state what amendments he wished to be made
iu the hill.

After a few words from the Duke of WELLINGTON, who
thought that his noble friend was perfectly justified in calling for
the postponement of the measure, the Marquis of WEsTmEATii,
and the Marquis of LosiDoNDERRY, the second reading was
postponed till to-morrow.—Adjourned.
HOUSE OF COMMONS, MONDAY, JULY 1.
The Sneaker took the chair a few minutes before 4 o'clock.
Mr. W. DUNeomBE presented petitions from Middleham and
Northallerton, praying. that the government plan for the renewal
of the Bank charter might be so far modified as to secure to the
public the present system of courtry banking.
Colonel EVANS presented a petition praying the house to in-
tercede on behalf of Mr. Robert Taylor, whom they considered
a fit object for the royal mercy.
Sir S. WHALLEY had presented similar petitions on this sub-
ject, and regretted the prayer of them had not been acceded to.
Mr. O'CONNELL declared, as a constitutional lawyer, that no
man could be fined in this country to a greater degree than he
was able to pay, without committing a direct infraction of one
of the provisions of Magna (Marta which had enacted, in so
many words, that "no man should be amerced beyond his
means."
Mr. HumE presented a petition from William Gunton, com-
plaining.of the regulations of the General Post-office, and stat-
ing that in the month of October last he had posted a letter from
some part of the country to London containing a £25 note, and
that to the present time he had never received it, though he had
made repeated applications to Sir F. Freeling, the Duke of
Richmond, and other persons connected with that establish•
ment. The great hardship of this case, of which the hon. mem-
' her snore particularly complained, was, that the General Post-
office would not suffer a letter containing money to be forwarded
by any other means than the Post-office, and yet refused to be
answerable for its safe transit, or to account for any loss that
might ensue. He believed there was no department of the state
required such a thorough reform as the Post-office. The hon.
member also complained of an alteration that had recently taken
place with regard to the transmission of letters to America. A
finv weeks ago it was only necessary to go into the city and put
a letter into a general beg that was forwarded to the United
States, but that very advantageous arrangement was now at an
end. He thought that the complaints that had recently been
made to that house and to the government upon the abuses and
mismanagement in that establishment were well worthy the at-
tention of his Majesty's ministers. (Hear.)
Mr. LANGDALE moved that the writ of election for the
borough of Warwick should be further suspended until Thurs-
day, July 11.--Agreed to.
Mr. O 'CosiriELL brought In a bill to improve the rivers,
lakes, and estuaries in Ireland, which was read a first time, or-
dered to be printed, and read a second time on Wednesday
se'nnight.
Mr. O'CONNELL moved for a separate return of the number
of stamps issued for newspapers in Ireland from the sth of
January, 1b33, to the sth of June in the same year.
After a few words across the table from Mr. LITTLETON and
Mr. O'CONNELL, the return was ordered.
Lord ALTHOIiP moved that the order of the day for the com-
mittee on the bank charter acts be read.

Mr. FINN hoped to be permitted to move for returns of the
amount of compensation granted on the sales of the Irish bo-
roughs at the time of the legislative union.—Ordered.
Mr. CORBETT was understood to ask the noble lord the
Chancellor of the Exchequer to permit him, before the order of
the day was read, to move, pursuant to his notice, for a select
committee •to inquire into the matter of the petition from the
political union of Walworth, complaining of the employment
of policemen as spies. The subject was one of interest to the
public. quite as much so as the bank question, and he could not
sec on wnat gronuds the motion could be resisted by the govern-
ment, and he (Mr. Cobbett) was quite willing that the com-
mittee should be named by the noble lord himself, as he was
sure sucha-conunitteewould do justice in the case.
