Sir F. CANNING rose amidst cries of divide. He was under.
stood to say he should support the bill, as he did not consider il
would at all infringe upon the rights of the poor.
Strangers were ordered to withdraw, and the house divided,
when there appeared—
For the second reading
Against it . 6B

Majority
The bill was then read a second time.
[Left sitting.]

RAILWAY MEMORANDA.

BIRMINGHAM AND GLOUCESTER RAILWAY.—An arrange.
ment has been made with the Cheltenham and Great Western
Union Railway Company, that clauses shall be introduced in
their bill now passing in Parliament, giving power to the Bir-
mingham and Gloucester Company to make the line between
Cheltenham and Gloucester, if the Cheltenham and Great Wes-
tern fail to do so within a given period; and the public are,
therefore, now secure of having that important portion of the
line forward within a moderate time; and, consequently, the
whole line between Birmingham and Gloucester completed.
We are glad to learn that such a mutual good understanding
now exists between the two companies as to promise a vigorous
co-operation for cdrrying on their respective works.— Feliz
Farley.
RAILWAY via KENDA L.—A meeting of the committee of the
projected railway through Kendal was held in that town on
Monday last, and very numerously attended. We understand,
that the business brought before it was of the greatest import-
ance, and its development gave a fresh impulse to the efforts of
the projectors, and inc,re..,.q hone 42 f every impediment to the
project being Su rrou n a ed. It was finally several
members of the committee, amongst whom were Edward Wil-
son, Esq., of. Abbot Hall, James Gandy. Esq. of Heaves Lodge,
Eect., Ycaland, Mr. W. Cornelius Nicholson,
and Mr. Bentley, the surveyor ad interim, should be empowered
to wait upon Mr. Locke, the surveyor, at Liverpool, and lay
before him the results of Mr. Bentley's survey; and also to en-
deavour to prevail upon him and the proprietors of the railway
between Preston and Lancaster to alter their plan near Lancas-
ter, so as to admit of an easier junction between it and the
Kendal line. This mission will probably decide the matter,
and the result is anxiously looked for at Kendal.—Manchester
Courier.

SANKEY CANAL AND ST. HELEN'S RAILWAY. We are
happy to understand, that the shareholders of the Sankey Canal
and St. Helen's and Runcorn Gap Railway Company have, at
length, come to an agreement, and a committee has been ap-
pointed by the proprietors of the respective establishments, to
settle and arrange for their amalgamation into one union of in-
terest. This measure will tend to afford a beneficial return to
the proprietors, for the outlay of capital in the construction of
these public undertakings, and give facility, under every cir-
cumstance, to the traffic thereon, hitherto touch retarded and
crippled by rival •
GREAT Noirrti or ENGLAND RAILWAY.—On Tuesday last,
Messrs. Gowland and Co., of Durham, entered into a contract
for cutting, embanking, and forming the said Railway from the
north side of the Castle-hill, Northallerton, to the southern
boundry of the township of Northalleiton, the works of which
•

are now commencing.
GLASGOW, PAISLEY, AND AYRSHIRE RAILWAY.—ThiS pro-
ject, for which a bill was obtained in July 18.37, will form an
important feature of direct communication with England and
Scotland, for the line will be continued from Kilmarnock to
Dumfries; from thence to Carlisle; and a line is now project-
ing t 3 Lancaster, Preston, Manchester, and London. The ter-
minus of these lines is at the Trinity Harbour, which is con-
nected by the Edinburgh, Leith, and Newhaven Railway.—
Railway Times.

THE BA ILWA Ys.—The railways in this neighbourhood are
now progressing with all possible activity. The works on the
North Union line are in very busy operation, and the disasters
occasioned by the February storm are nearly repaired. A very
sensible difference is obesrvable in the state of the town gene-
rally, now that the canals are open for facilitating trade, and
that the railways and other works are affording employment to
the working population.—Preston Paper.
LONDON AND BIRMINGHAM RAILWAY.—Reports having
reached us of some serious accidents having occurred to the
Kilsby and Brickwood Tunnels, on the London and Birming-
ham Railway, we are glad to find, upon inquiry, that they are
wholly unfounded. The worst effect of the late trying weather
has been to damage a few bricks i❑ the Brickwood tunnel, and
a small portion of the brickwork in Kilsby, where it was in an
incomplete state ; neither of which circumstances will have the
slightest a ffect in the opening of the line, but of course will tend
to add considerably to the confidence of all parties interested in
the success of this great woik. That a work with so much
water about it as Kilsby tunnel should have received no damage
except in a part which was unfinished, during a frost of so long
continuance, whe❑ the thermometer was in some cases at 12
deg. below zero, must afford a sufficient guarantee that, not-
withstanding the uncommon difficulties of that undertaking,
they have been met with a cor-esponding; degree of science and
skill, and been fully surmounted ; the'trials it has been put to
lately being of a much more severe nature than may ordinarily
be expected in this climate. The line from Birmingham to
Rugby may be considered as finished, although a few trifling
things yet remain to be done; but, in order to proceed with due
regard to the safety of the public, it is not intended, we'under-'
stand, to open it until the 9iti of April, at which time, that point
between Tring and Denbigh Hall will also be ready.—Railway
Times.--[We understand that the company have given notice
to Messrs. Chaplin and Co. (who are to convey passengers by
coaches between Denbigh Hall and Rugby) to hose their
horses and carriages in readiness on the 9th of April; but that
it is more probable that the day of.opening will be Easter Mon-
day the 16th of April.----Manchesier Guardian.

PRESTON AND WYRE RAILWAY.—We have heard that a
deviation from the originally prescribed line of the Preston and
Wyre Railway is contemplated by the directors of that under-
taking. It is thought desirable, as the Ribble is now to be ren-
dered thoroughly navigable, not to bring the Wyre line in the
direction of Preston further than Freckleton, were it can he put
in communication will; the river; so that by means of a steam-
boat specially appropriated to the purpose, goods and passen-
gers may be forwarded from Freckleton, and thus the necessity
of completing the railway undertaking at this, the most expen-
sive end, may be avoided. Should this design be acted upon,
we think it will very likely raise the railway scheme conside-
rably in the estimation of tire public, and in real value and
utility, while it will confer important advantages upon the river
company. We understand that Mr. Fleetwood favours this
adaptation of the railway; and if so there is every likelihood of
its being carried into effect. It is, however, an important mat-
ter of consideration with the Preston and Wyre Company, and
doubtless will receive at their hands all possible attention, and
every necessary investigation,

THE ARAI r.—The following is to be the distribution of the
troops in North America, viz. :—llth and 65th Regiments,
New Brunswick, 6a) men. each. 23d, 73d, and 93d Regiments,
Halifax, 600 men each. Ist Dragoon Guards and 7th Elussars,
500 na.en. Grenadier Guards (24 Battallion) and Coldstream
Guards (2J Battalion) 8(X) men each. Ist Foot, (2d Battalion)
15th, 24th, 324, 34th, 43d, 65th, 71st, 830, Canada, 600 men each.
EXTRAORDINARY CASE OF DROPSY.-011 the 28th of Fel:un-
ary, an operation was performed on Mrs. Thomas Reades, of
Wooten, near Brill, Bucks, by the eminent Dr. Clarke, of
Finemere House, when the euo-t mous quantity of 40 and a half
pints of water, weighing more than 401bs. was taken from her.
Mrs. Hoades having survived the danger of the operation, caused
by the extreme debility, has now every chance of beitg restored
to her usual health.—Nuriliampion Herald. •

A number of petitions. praying for the total abolition of negro
slavery, were presented.

GALWAY ELECTION.
The SPEA KER informed the house that the examiners
ap-
pointed to inquire into the sufficiency of the sureties to prose-
; cute the petition against the return for the county of Galway
reported that, in point of property, the sureties were sufficient,
but one of them was improperly described. He was entitled
" Esquire," when it appeared that he was a clerk in a brewery
or distillery.
Col. PERCIVA L said, the surety having served on the grand
jury entitled him to be designated Esquire.
A discussion ensued, in which Sir E tinatchbull, Mr. Shaw,
Sir E. Sugden, Mr. Freshfield, Mr. Blake, Mr. D. Browne,
and other umbers took part.
Sir. E. KNATCHBULL said, after the examiners had reported
on the sufficiency of a surety, the matter was disposed of.
The ATTORNEY GENERAL. said, all mankind now-a-days were
entitled Esquires. (Laughter).
After some further conversation the matter dropped.
CONTROVERTED ELECTIONS.
_ . -

Lord J. RUSSELL said he had to state to the house that the
hon. member for Liskeard had had, at his (Lord J. Russell's)
request, postponed the further consideration of the Controverted
Elections Bill from Friday next to Friday se'nnight.
LORD'S DAY BILL.

Alr. PLUMPTttE moved the second reading of the bill for the
better observance of the Lord's day. The hon. member said he
should not be intimidated by any sneer front proceeding with
the measure, which he considered absolutely necessary for the
better observance of the Sabbath. - The hon. member proceeded
to read the evidence of magistrates and others, who were exa-
mined before a committee appointed to inquire into the subject.
That evidence went to prove that, in many of the streets of the
metropolis, the great majority of the shops were kept open on
Sundays. • There was a strong and growing feeling in the
country against this practice: Petitions, signed by 206,000 per-
sona, had been presented to the house praying for a better ob-
servance of the Lord's day. The clergy of all classes also
wished for some legislative enactment on the subject. The bill
be now proposed to be read a second time was not so extensive
as the bill of last session. Its object was to prohibit trading on
the Lord's day, and to punish by fine individuals offending.
The first fine..was a small one, but he proposad to increase it on
every subsequent conviction. The buying and selling of milk
was exempted from the bill, and also the purchasing of beer
within certain hours. It also exempted cases were persons went
bone fide to public houses to eat and obtain refreshments. No
less than 120,000 persons were employed on a Sunday in navi-
gating the canals, &c. Without being charged with enthu-
siasm he might bring this important subject under the notice of
the house. He, therefore moved that the bill be read, a second
time.

Mr. 1111.ris trusted the house would approach so grave and
important a subject with that solemnity which it demanded.
Public opinion had ben largely excited on the subject. A
large body of the community had solicited the house to take the
subject into consideration, but the hon. member and the house
would bear in mind that public opinion was doing more to ac-
complish what he wished than any legislative act could. ( Hear.)
It was fur the house to say whether they could agree to the bill
Without exacting any unjust sacrifice. (Hear.) By the bill all
baking-houses in London would be shut up, and the poor pre-
vented from obtaining a comfortable dinner on a Sunday. The
act itself could not be brought into operation without the em-
ployment of a considerable number of persons on Sundays.
(Hear.) He could not consent unnecessarily to interfere with
the comforts of the poor man. The Church of England did not
call for such a measure.

Sir C. STYLES said,' he felt it his duty to • support the bill,
not on the ground that the protestant religion required any
legislative protection, Mit to protect those who had a desire to
reverence the sabbath-day, but, from their worldly calling were
unable to do so. If one tradesman in any street opened his
shop on a Sunday, other tradesmen were compelled to do the
same.

Mr. A. WIIITE said he should support the second reading,
imt he should wish to see some of the clauses altered in com-
mittee. He hoped this bill would have the effect of doing away
with Sunday trading,
Sir. IL INous said the question had been so frequently dis-
cussed, that he would not take up much of the time of the house.
The bill before the house was restricted to one simple propo-
sition, viz., to prevent Sunday trading. It could not be said
that any otie of the amusements or enjoyments of the poor was
interferred with. He should therefore give his cordial support
to the second reading.
Sir. E SUGDEN intended to vote for the second reading; hut
if the bill was not very much altered, he should oppose it at
every future stage. As the bill at present stood, it would be
inipossible ; if a poor man found it neceslary to go a few miles
from home on the Sunday, he would not be able to obtain any
refreshment whatever.
