. , , , ..,.. . . . , • . . •• • . .• „ ...../.•-•••„8,••••••••... . • AI, ~.
• '
„ • •••
4 THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.
AUGUST 16, 1836.
............... - _ .
• _ _ . .
. .
iNgIINNINIIIMOINO
lEmperial liadiamtnt. Bill was proceeded with on the motion of Lord J. RUSSELL,
Mr. WILES, Dr. LUSHINGTON, &C., complained of many of CONI'E ArPOR AR I' PRESS. some large flag, with emblematic devices, to use in their trade i-S His Majesty's Royal Authority.
processions.—It is now confidently stated that Tuesday, the PROFESSOR SWEDOUR'S HYGEAN PILLS. MEDITTERANEAN PRODUCE.
•.••••..1
many of them as objectionable, and Mr. GOULBURN repeating r.-.
I_l or the Syphilitic Disease,and the many disorders arising from There has been only a limited demand for BatmsToriv, the holders
LIOR the effectual extirpation of every species and symptom HOUSE OF LORDS. WEDNESDAY. the expression of his fear that the bill would facilitate clandes- the newspaper stamp duties bill went through the 2.3 d inst.. is the day fixed upon for the prorogation of parlia-
meat. The conservatives of Hull have registered SO newcontinue firm, and there is no alteration in prices. SUMAC has been
The Stamp Duties (Newspaper) bill was read a third time
i tine marriages. Commons yesterday afternoon, and was returned to the • •
claims for county votes in that township alone, and the reformers imp •o er •treatment.dull of sale, and at several public sales brought forward this week.
1, p scarcely anything was done.—CREAM of TARTAR is scarce and wanted.
and passed ; as were also the Customs bill, the Owuers of Ve. s-
It having appeared that the Commons had handed in a written House of Lords precisely in the same state in which their not one !We trust that the conservatives have been eually on 1 repared and sold by the sole Proprietor, at No. 54. Seel- —ARGOLS in fair demand at the quotations.—There has been only a
sets Liability (Ireland) bill, and the tithe valuation (Ireland)
paper, instead of using the privilege of "free" conference a lordships had sent it to the Commons. In the House of ,iowin, the ,garden
the alert in other places.—There is now e • • ein
bill. second conference was requested, which was conceded. That Lords it was read a first time, and, the standing orders of Mr. Benjamin Sykes, of Bradley Mill, near Huddersfield, street, Liver Liverpool. (four doors from Slater-street) in boxes at
2s. 9d. and 4sp '1 moderate demand for 'armies and MADDER ROOTS.—Persian BIM-.
}tins COO' •
. 61 . each. • inn, tog, otr stead iy at full prices.—A few small sales hare
The following bills went respectively through a committee
lasted two hours. a gigantic thistle, which measures 8 feet 7 inches in height, 26 been in. • ' •
tde in l• .11..•N1A, but prices have been barel supported.—There
Court'
viz, the Spirits Excise bill, the Assessed Taxes bill, the
bill, the
Lord J. RUSSELL reported that the Lords still adhered to being sus vended it will be committed, read a third time,
feet in circumference, with 27 branches, 578 heads. At ".With each box is given directions how to takethese Pills, has '
been a renewed demand for OLI -1, 0 chic tl
N . IL, y for the lower
of Exchequer (Scotland) bill, the Fpreign Lotteries
their amendments. That being ldeclared that
the case, he he and passed to-day. , and and observations on points, beneficial to the patient. being hints c
haveiti ,- ••
the Westmoreland assizes, on the 28th ult., William •Sharp, athis having been met freely by the owners, about 100 tuns
Western Aus-worth knowing, thosewho' • - • have ' from ''
.
rby
Ecclesiastical Appointment Suspension bill, the .
had no resource left to him, but to move that the Lords' amend- And now, how contemptibly ludicrous and shuffling s„ . -•- •d f 1 the coaches,— found r 'lt f - pc' numeialy ,guar o one o e A .15,,111 y o
testis bill, the Gold and Silver Plate (Scotland) bill, and the
.• this dreadful and -devastating malady. Fein Ofi.s little or iithinT has been done, no fresh imports having
Medical Witnesses bill, with the amendments proposed by Lord ments be taken into further consideration " that day three has been the whole conduct of the government in regard stealing a banker's parcel at Kendal, and sentenced to be " Venienti occurite morbo." bec.4 received.—Seen OILS continue in very limited request. and
offerin., at •
months." That proposition was agreed to. The bill is conse- to this measure ! In the House of Commons, at a late transported for seven years. " Oppose the disease in its infancy."r, rather lower prices.—In Pau' OIL no sales are reported.
Wharncliffe. quentiv lost. the soap-trade
Lord J. RUSSELL and others, from the Commons, brought up . . hour of the night, with only fifty-eight members present, -
is now generally ve • iUn the motion of Lord J. RUSSEL, the house then proceeded.r3 I eht.—Ou. of TURPENTINE is now offered by
a message requesting their lordships to grant a free conference
to tak • t • 1 . • the Lordsamendments to the Estab-
ein o consii eratiou the obnoxious clauses were carried by the government WOOLFIELD'S BAZAAR, co-operating• with the foe of God and man, 'thou degradest It- the distillers at our reduced quotations, in cons( of the decline
of considering certain amendments made by ~man nature, and blasteth the opening prospects of human fe- in pried of the raw material.—Some Iransactionis in HEMP have taken
for the purpose fished Church Bill. influence. In the House of Lords two ministers, Lord 71 AND 72, licity."—Bi.ale. pl.aee this week, and lower prices have been submitted to.—A cargo
their lordships in the Municipal Corporation Act Amendment
CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL,
bill, which amendments the Commons
had disagreed to at a Mr. Hume complained of several of the Lords' amendments, Melbourne and Lord Lansdowne, endeavoured to per- ot Narva 1.1.tx, just landed •
So said Professor Swedour, when he d'. covered his crrand , mas sold on Monday, by auction at .Cl 2
ADJOINING THE POST-OFFICE,
and moved the postponement of one of them, avowing that his spade their hearers that the clauses passed the lower,, . . r• 5s for 12-head, £33 5s for 6-head, and £lB lOs for Cordilla • in other
but which, at a subsequent conference, for this Com The "H P
p taint, Ht a ills. (then un-
bill with- EMPORIUM FOR PANACEAsorts little has been done —The business in TALLOW 'S' extensive,
i not
former conference,
object was togetridof the thus amended, al- i • , dissentient ,
bill, especially as louse almost without a voice. The bill known to the annals of medical discover s,)as a specific reme- and rather lower rates have
their lordships had insisted on.SUPERIOR LONDON JEWELLERY. been accepted by holders.
On the motion of Lord Melbourne, the messengers were called together. • out those is back to the Commons—the SUPERB BRONZES. CLOCKS. LAMPS, CHANDELIERS, dy to exterminate from the system, the intruder on the plea-
in and informed lordshipswould
that their return an answer y
b Lord J. RUSSELL, to save trouble, as the carrying of this clauses sent
Lord Melbourne • amendmentwould get rid4f the particular clause only, pro-
, Commons who, according to the government, were al- CHIMNEY ORNAMENTS, sores frequently imbibed in moment inebriation, or thought-
of their own. then said, that asAND ALL THE VARIOUS lessness :never did a discovery exc a greater sensation, it LIVERPOOL CO'I"FON MARKET, Aun. 12.
messengers
f . posed that the division should decide the fate of the bill—that most unamimous in their approval of them ?—and yet
there had been no
for nearly a century precedent or dfree . FANCY MANUFACTURERS OF ENGLAND FRANCE, was sought after with avidity, a used with undeviating There has been a very animated demand throughout the week, and
conference, he should move that the message from the Com- fact itshould be deemed a division on the bill as amended.
in not a mUrmur.Of complaint • hard. Even M C. Bul- • GERM • - . ,
is r. ANY, &e. success in the most minute and intricate cases of the delicate the market has closed with firmness at an advance of Id 4rl lb on the
The numbers of the division were—for
the clause 66, for the
. ler weeps in silence, and though Mr. Rice be lachrymose .M.ANUFACTORT FOR WORK BOXES. WRITING coniplaint, for the cure of which, they have been so long cote- good qualities of American and Pernambuco, and about id 47 lb 011
mons be taken into consideration Thursday. The motion was
adjournment 31 ; majority in favour of the bill 30. Tne se- DESKS, .4ND DRESSING- CASES.most other descriptions. Exporters have taken 2250 American, 200
agreed to. Adjourned. —very lachrymose—he protests he grieves not for the • heated. The fame of these Pills throughout Germany,a s( . cu e 1
veral amendments` then agreed to.Maranliam, 800 Surat. and 400 Peruvian, •
an, and speculators 2000 Amen-,
• clauses. He seemsand, ISITORS and Strangers in Liverpool, and the Pub- their speedy introduCtion into almost every country and ad-
Lord PALMERSTON, in reply to Mr..Aglionby's inquiry, stated . tosnivel in quite another strain, can and lOU Surat. 500 Demerara will be offered by auction on Friday
HOUSE OF COMMONS. WEDNESDAY. VI in respectfully • ' • 'this U • dresses - Ithe talented Professor ' 'cl
tic general, are invited to visit clique were presentee to
that the best offices of the British Governmentwould be exerted like Lady Throckmorton over her mutilated bulfinch, to
Mr. HOME inquired whether there was any reason to expect . Establishment, whether as purchasers or parties in search of filled the chair at Leyden University, congratulatory of the cir-
to procure an alleviation of the sufferings and sentence of Dr. a • •
y, or stng,ACCOUNT OF SALES AND IMPORTS OF COTTON.
that they should have an annual exposé in that house, of ac-amusement, the whole of the STOCK, (certainly one of the curnstnce. The certainty with which they were continually
Beaumont, now imprisonedsin France, in pursuance of a
counts regarding the East Indies ? The interests of 80,000,000 son- "Ye Whigs, if e'er your
.eyes were red . largest and most varied in England). being conveniently are administered, can be attested by many thousands, in fact during From
.the 12th inst. to this day inclusive.
teuce on a political charge.
or 90,000,000 of people were concerned ; and he was quite sure With tears o'er privileges shed, ranged for inspectiOn, and the price marked on each Article, the long continental war they were the inseparable cotnpanion SALES. IMPORTS. The Greek Loan*Bill was read a third time, after having .
that such an exposition would be of the greatest utility.Oh, -share Spring Rice's grief!" from which no deductions are made, not is any credit given,,-- and safeguard of the soldier, in all cases where the slightest • Sales
that the hope
been opposed by Mr. ROBINSON, who consideredDESCRIPTIONS. Prvsly This This Yrvsly this s stem enabling the Pro rotor too er his Goods lower than sus • • of infection was entertained picion . What Medicine can be this Year Week of the week: Week thisYeur
Sir J. C. Hof:mouse answered that the • ccounts were reeu-
"a
'establishing the independence of Greece was more remote Mr: Rice called' Lord Lyndhurst's intimation that the
any Yri P
of
tarty presented; but if an "East India Budget" were deemedmore appropriate than that which has given such general satis• „
stand Georgia..... 8580 300 214411 33d
acceptable, if he should continue in office next year, he should ae ure,- action. ygean Pills root out every particle of the insid- 'ea.!
Mr. HUMS presented the report of the committee appointed g,Stained Ditto..
a false drag—the scent of a red-herring to draw of the and has given general satisfaction: consequence, T. W •purify' • • • 1840 .50 .13 —l7 5208 280499
have no objection to bring it forward.queure, . om.- uous poison, ing in their progress the whole mass of fluids,
proceedings on the ,
to examine the Lords' journals, as to the
.Upland Ditto 200580 9700 81 )11
The Coal Duty (London) bill went through a committee.hounds. But what was this humbug. of privilege but a FIELD finds a continually increasing demand, and he is there- they not only remove the disease, but renovate by their action
Stafford Disfranchisement Bill; and moved that the writ be Al Upland
104
Mr. Itl'Kisteoe. expressed an anxiety to bring forward his' "false drao."—eh, Mr. Redherring Rice ? Who put the fore enabled daily to replenish his Stock with the choicest and the different functions of the body—expelling the grosser hu- MObile I 96130 soto 7i
of the
further suspended till ten days after the commencement
... r. 8* 111 5693 299537
most fashionable Articles, and to keep a most extensive Assort- moors and in a manner so mild and imperceptible as to con- New Orleans 171670 10120 8# —/3
Letters Patent bill, which stood for second reading, not for thel " b
ministerial hounds' on a false sent y the red-herring
in
next session of Parliament.
purpose of pressing, it forward now (Lord .1. Russell and Mr. 'vent, the moderate price of which cannot fail 10 secure to the vince the most sceptical of their astonishing and unequalled Pernambuco
TitEvor moved as an amendment, that it be sus- of • trati .in
pit when the real ame was the reps i 4100 4°Bo 12 —l4 1 383e0
P. Thomson having submitted tbat it was impossible to pass it Mr. A. . , ~ , g • , Jewellery Department a continuance of the favoured and in. powers, they neither contain mercury or any other mineral, AricatiandCeart - Ili 121
ended tillahis day week. clauses ? Answer us that, Master Billy Button of the creasing patronage of the Public. and may be taken without the slightest suspicion of discovery— !taliia and Mnaio 22330 150 9i —l2 702 15378
this session), but to be enabled to make some statements on the P
Capt. Cireewyen after the punishment to which n allowedli• ranham
P art of manufacturers, &c.; and it was arranged that an oppor-Exchequer, and tell us how long you have been T. WOOLFIELD begs to draw particular attention to his they require no restraint of diet, loss of time, or hindrance of Sawginned } 27460 213„ 12 —l4 i
25431
borough hadthought,that ought now to issue. thebeen exposed, a writ
tunity should be afforded him.to hunt the Lichfield Kennel. splendid show or CLOCKS and TIM E-PIECES, in Gilt, business. The Hygean Pills may be depended upon as a cer- Para
The house divided. The numbers
.were—for
the original too- 60 0 0
Dr. BOWRING having ineffectually endeavoured to submit 'To be serious, however, we would point to this recep- Bronze, Alabaster, Porcelain, B:.c. ; the Stock is immensely tam cure by persons of either sex, in all stages of a certain dis- Peruvian 1450 40 114 114 1597
£'ooo to Scotland in drawbacks
his motion regarding i allowed writ,
lion 15, against it 5. Majority against issuing the 4o—
. and the Designs suited to Rooms of any size or style, and that withoutproducing the least i • n • '
ease, an. nto %ermine. At Demerara and Perlo'ce i , 1350 60 11 121
Adjourned. lion and treatment of the measure in the House of Com-B• .1 •• 1 -
on materials used in the construction of established churches the price varying from £5 to £l2O. The utmost care is taken any period when the slightest suspicion may exist, it will be a' '`" os. 320 0 0 )
—60.--- mons as a proof not only that the house at large was ta- well to have recourse to the Hygean Pills, for when taken be- Common West India 1590 40 0— 0 i 1768 11986
there, deferred it till this day. with regard to the Movements, which are warranted, La Guayra 5330 210 104 112 18
Mr. BARING then, in a committee of supply, moved various HOUSE OF LORDS.—FRIDAY. ken by surprise with these clauses, but that even those ,
F. W. has also a choice Collection of ANTIQUE CLOCKS, fore the disease has made its appearance it acts as a certain Carthagena 1030 _
grants on the remaining miscellaneous estimates; among theta POST-OFFICE CONIMISSIONERS BILL, who voted for them either did so in ignorance or are now of the time of Louis XIV, extremely well suited tOr Country preventive, removing the complaint effectually and secretly. Smyrna
were E 40,200 for allowances to " Revising Barristers,
" Viscount DUNCANNON moved the second reading of this bill; so heartily ashamed of what they did, that not one among Mansions, large Staircases, &c. These articles are now much iu l'he deplorable state in which many persons have been when Egyptian 19160 730 134 —l7 744
Z 10,000 towards the " county rates; £78,000 for the Danish and -and
ventures to defend his vote. Still, however, the favour, very scarce. , visiting the proprietor from the use of mercury, renders it im-
., Surat and Madras
claims;" £lO,OOO kit. the "Distressed Poles," B:.c. The latter The Duke of RICH MOND moved as an amendment, that it be them
The WRITI-NG DESKS, DRESSING CASES, WORK-' . .• . peratively necessary to caution the public against that danger- eal 13( ri,, 330 620 4} 5
clauses passed the Commons, and it has only been by the , „mineral when injudiciously
i administered. Per public sal e this day,
granttwo grants occasioned some interesting conversation. Oa the • readahat day xis monthe. • BOXES, and JEWEL-BOXES are all made on the Pre- MIS " Sea Island
of Eiooo to meet expenses of endeavouring to establish On a division, the numbers were exertions of Lord Lyndhurst in the House of Lords that' • • • • • Dr. Davieson will attend daily at his residence,
raises; and the Stock ot• these Articles is certainly much more No. 54, Seel •
.1
Stained Ditto
steam communication with India, some interesting converse- For the second reading - extensive and varied•• 11 • than in any other House in t e Kinedom. street, Liverpool, from Eight in the planting until Ten at night Manilla, Re 0 0
lion also rose. Against it
both Ladies' and Gentlemen's Dressing
oppressive provisions, by means of which the govern- Cases applicants taking any of his preparations, WITHOUT A FEE
the utmost pains are taken to make them as convenient , • • i • • 36060 29031 252570-
had met with considerable obstacles, and that the loss of the
REGISTRATION OF VOTERS BILL. merit and their liberal supporters sought to drive all re- a" '
• d complete as possible for Travelling. Purchasers have etters (post-paid) enclosing a remittance, answered by re-
steam vessel had added greatly to Col. Chesney's difficulties.
The house went into a committee on this bill. likewise the citation of taking or rejecting any part of the Fittings turn and tur edicines punctually transmitted to any address,
Several, members suggested that the experiment of a passage
Lord Wu • in stating the general nature of the
ARNCLIFFh,

Sir J. C. HOEHOUSE o')served that the Euphrates expedition
had met with considerable obstacles, and that the loss of the
steam vessel had added greatly to Col. Chesney's difficulties.
Several members suggested that the experiment of a passage
by the Red Sea should be made.
The grant of £32,220 for the expenses of the Houses of Par-
liament, the officers, &c, called forth much desultory discus-
sion.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, in answer to com-
plaints about the ventilation of the House, stated that during
the recess experiments would be made to improve it; and, in
reply to Dr. Bowring's complaint, about the scantiness of the
parliamentary reports, he declared that he thought the re-
porters exercised a sound discretion—that they generally gave
what was really interesting to and desired by the public ; and
that if all that were uttered in that house were reported, no pa-
per could regularly insert it, and no general reader could wade
through the accounts, if inserted.
The grant of £6,497 for repairs of Buckingham Palace, &c.,
called forth some condemnatory remarks. Then followed
Mr. BARING'S proposition, that there be granted £4OO to de-
fray the expense of preparing accommodation for the ladies to
hear the debates—to carry into effect the vote of that house that
there should be such accommodation.
The committee eventually divided on the proposition; it was
supported by 28, and opposed by 42, being a majority of 14
against the grant.
There was a grant of £9,250 voted for the British Museum,
for the purchase of works of art, MSS., &c.
Mr. BARING moved a grant of £1,500 for "a School of
Design," for the encouragement of artists in manufactures;
Mr. P. THOMSON observing that it was intended to have the
sehool in London and to invite and assist pupils from the manu-
facturing districts, in order that they might return to their own
neighbourhood and instruct those who were willing to be taught.
On a proposition to vote £38,289 for the Bank of England,
to cover the loss sustained by that corporation in the silver
coinage of 1831,
Mr. HOME complained of such a claim being allowed to stand
over for so many years, and proposed that the motion be deferred,
in order to enable inquiries to be made into the circumstances
of the case. The house cutest to have the minutes and corres-
pondence that had led to this claim being made.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER explained that the fact
was communicated immediately that the transaction occurred,
and the changes in the administrations had caused the delay.
Mr. G. F. YouNG declared that the transactions had taken
place to benefit the bank, for otherwise the amount must have
lain dormant. _

Vote agreed to, on the understanding that the documents
should be produced.
The, other grants called forth no particular remark.
A message from the lords (at half-past twelve o'clock) pre-
sented the Newspaper *tamps Bill.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that the lords'
amendments were undoubted violations of the commons' privi-
lege, as regarded bills of aid and supply ; and he, therefore,
moved that the bill be "laid aside." He purposed to introduce
another bill, in order to enable the public to have the benefit of
the reduction of the tax, as intended by the former measure.
Mr. GOULBURN said that he should throw no obstacle in the
way of such proceeding.
Motion agreed to.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER then moved for, and
obtained leave to bring in a new bill to reduce the amount of
newspaper duty. He brought in the bill, which was immedi-
ately read a first time. The bill is without the registration
clause.

Bill ordered to be read a second time the day following.—Ad-
journed.

HOUSE OF LORDS.-THURSDAY.

The Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Bernal, and other
members of the commons, brought up the Newspapers Stamp
Duties Bill, the Slave Owners' Compensation Bill, and the Vice-
Treasurer of Ireland Bill.

On the motion of Viscount MELBOURNE the Newspaper Stamp
Duties Bill was read a first time. The noble viscount gave no-
tice that to-morrow he should move the suspension of the stand-
ing orders in order to pass the bill through its future stages on
that day. The noble viscount said that the bill would not suit
the wishes of the noble and learned baron opposite—(a laugh),
as it did not contain the two clauses to which he had objected.
There was only nue alteration in the present bill from that ori-
ginallv'presented by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, which was
extending the time of its operation to the 15th of September in-
stead of the Ist of that month. This has been rendered
necessary in consequence of the unnecesary delay in the
bill.

Lord LYNDH unsT—Do you now move the suspension of the
standin g orders ?
The Earl of SIIA FTESBURY-It cannot be done; there must
be one day's notice.
Lord LANDH URRT—I only made the observation, because
I wish to give every facility to the passing of the bill ( a
laugh.)

FREE CONFERENCE.
On the motion of Viscount MELBOURNE the order of the day
wasread fur taking into consideration the message of the com-
mons, fora free conference on the subject matter of the amend-
men is made bythe house in the English Corporations'Act Amend-
ment Bill.

The motion having been agreed to,
The Earl of Rosscyk moved that a message be sent to the
commons, stating that the free conference asked by the commons
was agreed to, to be held presently.
The motion was then put and carried.
On the motion of the Earl ROSSLYN, the following Peers were
then appointed the managers of the conference o❑ the part of
the House of Lords :—The Earl of Ripon. the Bishop of Glou-
cester, Lord Ellenborough, Lord Wharncliffe, Lord Lyndhurst,
Lord Fitzgerald, and Lord Ahinger.
The Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod then announced that
the managers of the commons were ready for the free confer-
ence.

On their return, at half-past six o'clock,
The. Earl of RIPON reported to the House the reasons of the
commons fq'T dissenting to the lords' amendments on the clauses
relating to haritable trustees, and to the conferring the power
of giving a casting vote to the presiding officer of the town-coun-
cil, on questions where there existed an equality of votes.
Lord LYNDHURST then moved, that the house do insist on the
ameudinents made by it in the Municipal Corporations' Act
Amendment Bill.
Lord Melbourne and Lord Holland resisted the motion, which
was supported by the Earl of Ripon, Lord Ellenborough and
the Duke of Wellington.
Lord ABINGER said, my lords, I must deny the justice of the
noble viscount's impressions, but I ask your lordships whether
in reproving the members of this house it becomes the leader
of the house and a minister of the crown to do so in the manner
and in the tone in which the noble viscount has expressed him.
self. Does he suppose that because we have the misfortune not
to agree with him, that we have no sensibility to the mode, man-
ner, and language iin which he habitually addresses the majo_
rite of this house? What does he mean by saying that we re-
pudiate everything popular in feeling throughout the country ?
I beg leave to protest against the truth of that supposition ; for
my own part, I deny the charge altogether. I do nut believe
that any other noble lord is lia.hle to such an imputation, and
if I did not think that the noble viscount sincerely believed
what he said, I should look upon his observations as nothing
snore than a rhetorical artifice.
Upon a division. Lord Lyndhurst's motion was carried by a
majority of •Itl to 29.
Hereupon another free conference followed. The managers
for the lords were the same as before. Or. their return, Lord
Ittrosi reported to the house what took place at this second
conference, and how it ended, in no agreement having been
come to, and the managers for the Lords leaving the bill with
the managers for the Commons.
After a few observations which had no result, the house ad-
journed.

LOrdWliaaNcltFee, in stating the general nature of the
amendments he had proposed, observed, that he would leave it
to his noble friend (Viscount Melbourne) whether, in his
calmer moments, he would justify the language he had used on
the previous night, to the effect that the lords always viewed
with jealousy, and treated with contumely and contempt, any
measure which came up from the Commons, having for its ob-
ject an increase of the rights and privileges of the people. He
(Lord Wharncliffe) must say, that for the first minister of the
crown to use such language, appeared to him to be conduct that
little became one who filled that high station which the noble
viscount filled. It was quite true that he (Lord WharnOiffe)
was jealous, and not a little jealous, but the noble viscount
seemed to be blind to his situation; he had no power whatever
in the House of Lords, and in the Commons his power existed
only. by the support of persons who professed to require an or-
ganic change in the constitution (hear). But for that party the
government would be in a minority, and a very slender minor-
ity they would have (hear.) He was jealous, then, of the mi-
nisters, because they had no power in the House of Commons
without the support of that party. They had a right, in fact it
was their business, it was perfectly constitutional for the House
of Lords to interfere with every act of legislation for the coun-
try. It was their duty to stand between the people and the
crown, to see that the crown, on the one hand, did not tread on
the heels of the people, and that the people, on the other hand,
did not infringe on the prerogatives of the crown. His lord-
ship then proceeded with his objections to the bill, and the
alterations ha proposed. By the bill (he said) now before the
house, the revising barristers were not to be chosen by the lord
chief justice in the Middlesex district, and the senior judges of
assize. There were to be eleven revising barristers, three of
whom were to constitute a court of appeal, and the other eight
were to go the circuits constantly. They were named in the
bill; one of them was the chief jhdge of the Court of Review,
Mr. Erskine ; he was to have £lOOO a-year as the chief of the
Court of Appeal, and every succeeding one £2000; the other
two members of the Court of Appeal were to receive £1,500
a-year each; the barristers who were to go the circuits £lOOO
a-year each. Here, then, were eleven places created by this
bill, of from £lOOO to £2OOO a-year each. To that plan he bad
a very great objection. That patronage, to the amount of
£13,000, was to be given to the Lord Chancellor, which was not '
right, because the Lord Chancellor was a political person, and
one of the ministers of the crown ; and there was too much pa-
tronage
attached to the office already. He concluded by telling
the noble viscount, that he must make up his mind to have the
measures, which were brought from the Commons, viewed with
jealousy, so long as a government was carried on with a ma-
jority against it in the House of Lords, and supported only in
the other by a party that professed to desire organic changes,
and declaring that the lords had not gone far enough.
Viscount MELBOURNE thought the noble lord might have
saved himself much trouble, for he (Viscount Melbourne)
could very easily perceive, without the aid of the information
which the noble lord had given him, that it was intended to look
with jealousy on every measure which came up from the Com-
mons. He did not in any respect wish to go into the consider-
ation of the debate on the previous day, but when (said his lord-
ship) the noble lord tells me that I do not understand the situ-
ation in which I am placed. I beg to express my belief that the
noble lord does not understand, nor in the slightest degree per-
ceive, how be or those who associate with him stand with the
country. I know it is mere assertion on both sides, and time
alone can decide which is right ; but I feel as confidently that
there is as much blindness on the part of the noble lords op-
posed to me as there can be ignorance on my part of the situa-
tion in which lam placed. I have no hesitation in saying that
with respect to the general import of the obset rations which I
made last night, with respect to their meaning and substance,
I beg leave entirely to stand by them.
On the first clause being read,
Lord WHARNCLIFFE moved that the part of the clause which
referred to the constitution of the new Court of Revising Bar-
risters should be omitted. A debate ensued, in the course of
which Lord Melbourne and the Lord Chancellor supported,the
clause, and Lord Abinger opposed it. Ultimately their lord-
ships divided.
For Lord Wharnclffe's amendment
Against it
Majority ~
Clauses two and three were agreed to.—Lord Wharncliffe
subsequently proposed the insertion of a clause with a view to
prevent persons having borough property to vote both for mem-
bers for the borough and for knights of the shire, by virtue of
the same property.
Viscount MELBOURNE opposed the insertion of this clause.
The house divided.
Contents
Non-contents

Majority in favour of the clause
The other clauses were agreed to.—Adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS-FRIDAY.

Mr. WALTER, adverting to some allusion made to him by a
noble lord (Melbourne) in the other house, appealed to 'the
justice of the house to permit him to explain. From the report
he had seen, the person (Lord Melbourne) who had used those
expressions appeared to have intimated that the operation of that
most unjust clause which had now beeu excluded from the Stamp
Duty Bill, might, perhaps, have had the effect of impeaching
his (Mr. Walter's) veracity, or giving pain to his vanity, by the
discovery that he had been connected with the press. He could
say with respect to such impeachment of his veracity, if such
an insinuation had been intended, that it was in itself a false-
hood. (Hear!) No discovery could be made that could have
impeached his veracity, but, on the contrary, would have shown
the utter ignorance of him who sought to impeach it. It could
not have injured his vanity, because he hail never disavowed
that, at one period of his life, he did conduct a public journal,
which had been sometimes alluded to in that house; on the con-
trary, he had felt then as he would now, proud of such an ap-
plication of those talents, be they more or less, which Provi-
dence had blessed him with. It had been also said that his
origin was humble. He only wished the person who had made
use of that expression had looked back to the founder of his
own family—an humble practitioner in the law; neither had
any one member of his race been distinguished by any act, un-
til his Majesty unfortunately, as he (Mr. Walter) thought had
called him to his councils. 'But if the secresy of their private
lives were to be invaded, and :aid before the public, he trusted
that his accuser would be found to have been the more foolish
fellow of the two. (Great laughter, and cries of hear, hear.)
Messengers-from the Lords brought back the Stamp Duty on
Newspapers Bill, without any amendments.
Lord J. It ussELL announced that, in consequence of the
state of the public business, he should postpone the Benefices
Plurality Bill till next session.
On the motion of Lord J. RUSSELL, the Lords' amendments
to the Prisoners' Counsel Bill were ordered to be taken into
consideration.
Mr. liwA ICI' contended for the re-insertion of the clause—in-
volving the most important principle in the bill—which gave
the last word to the person accused, and which the Lords had
strucJ out. He begged to move that the Lords' amendments
on this point be disagreed to.
Lord J. RussELL agreed to the motion with reluctance; but
did so as the opinion Of a select committee bad been decidedly
pronounced upon it.
The question was again put and carried; and the dissent of
the Commons to the clause just stated was ordered to be com-
municated to the Lords.
The order of the day for thesjurther consideration of the Re-
port on the Bribery at Elections Bill was then read; but an
lion. member having moved that the house be counted, and
only 33 members being present, the house adjourned.

SATURDAY.
Both houses of Parliament met this day. In the Lords, 28
bills received the Royal Assent by commission. Among these
were the Newspaper Stamps Bill, the Commutation of Tithes
Bill, and the Civil Courts (Ireland) Bill.

In the House of Commons various measures were forwarded
a state. On the motion for the second reading of the Paro-
chial A,sessineut Bill, Mr. WA LEI, and Mr. HAWES strongly
opposed the clauses which increased the powers of the Poor
Law Commissioners, contending that those powers were so
laige already as to be almost unconstitutional.

To be serious, however, we would point to this recep-
tion and treatment of the measure in the House of Com-
mons as a proof not only that the house at large was ta-
ken by surprise with these clauses, but that even those
who voted for them either did so in ignorance or are now
so heartily ashamed of what they did, that not one among
them ventures to defend his vote. Still, however, the
clauses passed the Commons, and it has only been by the
exertions of Lord Lyndhurst in the House of Lords that--
Parliament has been saved the indelible shame of dis-
gracing the statute-book with the unjust, tyrannical, and
oppressive provisions, by means of which the govern-
ment and their liberal supporters sought to drive all re-
spectable people from the press, and so make it wholly
their own. We have no hesitation in saying that to the
majority of the House of Lords who supported Lord
Lyndhurst in his motion for striking out the clauses in
question, and to Lord Lyndhurst in particular, a debt of '
gratitude is due from the press, which, if those connected
with it be not more worthless even than the whigs, they
will acknowledge as readily as they must deeply feel it.—
Times.

The expiring throes of the baffled agitator have at
length cast him upon his old resource of a repeal of the
union. Yes, the very man who in his mission, last year,
declared that so long as his government continued in
power he should be willing to trust to the British Parlia-
ment, and to waive the favorite question of the re-
bellious priests and serfs now declares to his brethren in
sedition that he has no hope of justice to Ereland from the
united parliament ! But, with genuine Hibernian logic,
he adds, that he is quite ready to persevere in the expe-
riment now making of obtaining justice from that Parlia-
ment. Leaving him to reconcile this absurd contradic-
tion, we congratulate our countrymen upon the admis-
sion contained in this speech of the utter failure of the
Newcastle mission. The agitator states, that he was on
that occasion received with the utmost enthusiasm, and
that having been so received, the result of the late elec-
tion came heavy upon his heart. " One of the candi-
dates," said he, " avowed that he would vote against
corporate reform for Ireland, and the appropriation clauses
of the Irish Church Bill. The second candidate declared
his determination to support ministers on both these
questions, snd.nevertheless he was defeated. The mail
who refused justice to Ireland had been elected." Be,
we venture to predict, will it prove in every contest thati
may. take place throughout England, whether the O'CoN-
NELL ministry appeal to the country generally, or they
be left to those indications of the popular will to which
unforeseen contingencies may give rise. The gullibility
of the Dublin auditory must be something perfectly as-
tonishing, for, but a few sentences after this statement on
the part of O'CONNELL, that the Newcastle election had
destroyed his hopes of obtaining justice from a house of
commons returned by the elective body in England, he
elicits " vehement cheering" by stating that the public
opinion
of co
of England
and Scotlandrni,
and the appropriation
is in favourofthe
very
measures
clauses which he himself states the indications of popular
feeling in this country convinced him would never be
conceded. Another inconsistency remarkable in the
speech under consideration is, that Lord IVIULGRAVE, so
loudly extolled by the agitating party in Ireland, is stated
by Mr. O'CONNELL to have been in some of his appoint-
ments "controlled by parties who were not as well ac-
quainted with the country" as Mr.O'CoNNELL came to a
subject on which no man has more experience than him-
self—we mean the suggestion that a " rent" should be
collected throughout the entire country. We shall not
hazard an opinion as to the probable application of the
funds so collected. It is quite sufficient for us to know
that the pockets of the deluded and priest-ridden pea-
santry are doomed to be drained of their last farthing for
the encouragement, direct or indirect, of veinal agitation.
And in this conviction we address O'CoNNEu.'s coun-
trymen in his own hacknied quotation, calling upou them
to emancipate themselves from the degrading slavery to
which lie has so long subjected them—

•' Hereditary. bondsmen, know ye not,
" Who would be free, themselves must strike the blow?"
Timer.

BRIEF CHRONICLE.

T. WOOLFIELD begs to draw particular attention to his
splendid show of CLOCKS and TIME-PIECES, in Gilt,
Bronze, Alabaster, Porcelain, &e. ; the Stock is immensely
large, and the Designs suited to Rooms of any size or style,
the price varying from £3 to £l2O. The utmost care is taken
with regard to the Movements, which are warranted,
T. W. has also a choice Collection of ANTIQUE CLOCKS,
of the time of Louis XIV, extremely well suited for Country
Mansions, large Staircases, &c. These articles are now much iu
favour, and very scarce.
The WRITING DESKS, DRESSING CASES, WORK-
BOXES, and JEWEL-BOXES are all made on the Pre-
mises ; and the Stock of these Articles is certainly much more
extensive and varied than in any other House in the Kingdom.
In the planning of both Ladies' and Gentlemen's Dressing
Cases the utmost pains are taken to make them as convenient
and . complete as possible for Travelling. Purchasers have
likewise the option of taking or rejecting any part of the Fittings
or Instruments as may suit them; or can have Cases made to
accommodate their own Articles.
A large Assortment of GENTLEMEN'S DRESSING
CASES and POUCHES, in Russia or Morrocco Leather;
also, small MILITARY DRESSING CASES, containing alt
that is needful, and weighing only six ounces each.
NE PLUS ULTRA WRITING DESKS, for Travelling,
complete with Patent Inkstands, &c., in great variety, from 12s.
to £4 each.
PAPER CASES, FOLIOS, TRAVELLING BAGS, &c.
In the Repairing and Refitting of DESKS and DRESS-
ING CASES, 'l'. WOOLFIRLD'S Workmen have great experi-
ence, and he has the means to complete every thing that is
entrusted to him in this branch in the most substantial manner,
with economy and despatch.
OIL and GAS LAMPS and CHANDELIERS in great
variety, adapted for Private Rooms of all sizes, Public Build-
ings, Churches, Chapels, &c.
TABLE, SIDEBOARD, BRACKET, FIGURE and
HALL LAMPS, on the newest and most approved con-
struction.

T. WOOLFIELD also re-bronzes, re-lacquers and repairs LAmPs
of all descriptions; and keeps for sale a great variety of
GROUND and CUT GLASSES, adapted to all kinds of Lamps.
A superb variety of FLOREN'FINE, PARIS, and other
BRONZES, of the most beautiful and cilltiv finish, consisting
of FIGURES, BUSTS, VASES, CANDELABRA, &c.

Elegant CUT GLASS LUSTRE CANDLESTICKS. for
CHIMNEY-PIECES, with an immense choice of other appropriate
CHIMNEY ORNAMENTS, including a recent importation
from Leghorn of a most tasteful variety of ITALIAN ALA-
BASTERS; also, a fine Collection ofTABLES, iu MARBLE
and'SCAGLIOLA WORK.

JAPANNED TEA TRAYS, in Papier Mache and Iron,
from the plainest to the most extensive Patterns.
Japanned PAPIER MACH E TABLES, Pole SCREENS,
VASES, CARD BOXES, CAKE BASKETS, and HAND
SCREENS. All these Articles may be had in Plain Colours
for Ladies themselves to finish.

CHINESE GOODS of various kinds, including some fine
Specimens of very OLD CHINA, in Jars, Vases, Jardinieres,
Plates, Dishes, &c., Elaborately-carved IVORY FANS and
D CAR CASES. Likewise, a variety of real INDIA ARTI-
CLES, in Japanned and Lacquered Work.
A large Assortment of MUSICAL SNUFF-BOXES, direct
froinGeneva, playing from two to twelve tunes.

Several very fine large MUSICAL BOXES, playing teh
most celebrated Overtures; price, from £5 to Ea).

Rogers and Son's warranted CUTLERY, in RAZORS,
PENKNIVES, SCISSORS, TABLE KNIVES, & DRESS-
ING-CASE INSTRUMENTS. Also, a variety of very corn-
plete Sets of TABLE CUTLERY, fitted up in Cases, exceed-
tingly convenient for preserving them in good condition.
SILVER DESSERT KNIVES and FORKS; Plated on
Steel DITTO, with Plain and Carved Pearl and Ivory Han-
dles, in Single or Double Sets, and in Cases lined with Silk
Velvet, admirably arranged for their preservation, and forming
very suitable Marriage or Housekeepers' presents.
COMBS, BRUSHES, and all kinds of the most approved
and fashionable PERFUM ERY.

Genuine EAU DE COLOGNE, imported direct from Co-
logne, 3s. 6d. per Bottle, or 20s. per Box of Six Bottles.
An immense choice of LADIES' SILK VELVET and
other RETICULES, from 3s. to 3 Guineas each. Also,
PURSES, Plain and very richly Embroidered, from Is. to 30s.
each.

LADIES' FRENCH SATIN SHOES, at ss. tid. per Pair.
A variety of FANCY ARTICLES, in IVORY, MOTHER-
OF-PEARL. and TORTOISE-SHELL.

CIIESSMEN, BACKGAMMON BOARDS, BAGA-
TELLE TABLES, and various other Games and Fancy Arti-
cles too numerous to mention.

Mos. Woot.Fmn begs to state that the increasing Patron-
age his Establishment still meets with encourages him to per-
.severe in selecting, both from London and the Continent, such
Articles of taste and novelty as are likely to be pleasing to his
extensive connexion, and to maintain an Establishment in Li-
verpool decidedly superior to any other single concern in Lon-
(ion, or the Empire, the choice of Goods being greater, their
quality the best, and the prices extremely moderate.

Importo.
.._„_
UNITED STATES.

Rob Roy, (525) Arnold, fm with 1008 hales cotton, P de
Lizardi and co-105 do, Waddington, Holt and co-106 do, It Wilson
and co-200 ao. Johnson, Grninger and co—P Dk
Hamilton, (427) Balky, fm Mobile, with 1262 bales cotton, Order
—P Dk

Sir John Franklin embarked on Saturday at Sheerness, on
board the Fairly, for is Diemen's Land, for the purpose of
assuming the government of that colony. Lord and Lady
Stanley and party embarked on Wednesday evening in H. M.
packet Thetis, Captain Townley, for Dublin. We understand
from the Brussels papers that the enterprising Mr. Cockerill
has carried over to Belgium 25 English workmen, with their
wives andchildren, for the purpose of introducing the new system
of spinning flax. We are happy to state that the Earl of
Derby is so touch recovered from his late indisposition, as to be
able to leave Knowsley for the moors.--We understand that
the grouse is abundant and in fine condition in almost all the
moor districts. Several shooting parties passed through this
town in the early part of last week, on their way to the north.
The six steamers trading from Bristol to Dublin, Cork, and
Waterford, have during the last ten years made six thousand
two hundred and forty passages, or thereabouts, in the Bristol
channel, without meeting with a single accident.—Some idea
of the employment which railways will find for the labouring
classes may be formed from the fact, that at this time between
10,0(X) and 11,000 men are employed on the London and Bir-
mingham railway alone. Mr. Justice Williams has been
twice taken seriously ill during his progress on the Western
circuit. Dr. Allen, the present bishop of Bristol, expects to
be transferred to the see of Ely in the course of a week. By
his lordships' translation a stall at Westminster devolves to the
crown.—lt is said to be in contemplation to alter the days of
running for the Derby and the Oaks at Epsom, so as to have
one clear day between. The court is expected to go to
Brighton early in October, to remain till the opening of the next
session of parliament.—The steam-boats for the north are
already laden with the elite of the sportsmen, preparing for the
destruction of the black and red cock in the highlands, both of
which are said to be in abundance. Prince Polignac and his
family are making all possible efforts to procure his liberation,
(pardon or banishment,) but they will not succeed in time. M.
Peyronnet refuses to solicit pardon.—The British Museum
has purchased Mr. Sheepshank's collection of etchings, by the
Dutch masters, for £5,000; vases out of the collection of the
late M. Durand, of Paris, for £3,000; and their packing and
removal were attended with expenses to the amount of £5OO.
For Charlemagne's bible £750 was given—total amount of these
purchases £9,250.—1n 1600 a French prisoner at Liverpool
exhibited a most extraordinary propensity to devour nauseous
diet, particularly cats, of which, in one year, he ate one hundred
and seventy-four, and many of them while alive.—Horse-
radish cut into small pieces and chewed in the mouth, is an ex-
cellent remedy for hoarseness, coughs, cold, cases of incipient
consumption, &e. So late as 1802, the King of Sweden en-
gaged some British surgeons to serve in his ships of war; their
perplexity and mm tification may he imagined, on finding that
they were expected to shave the whole ship's company as a duty
belonging to their station.—At a court-martial lately held at
Sheerness, on Captain Hope, the following dialogue took place
between one of the witnesses and the court:—" Are you a
Catholic ?' " No, sir."—Are you a Protestant ?" " No, sir,"
—" What are you, then?" "Captain of the foretop."—ln a
bookseller's shop window in High Holborn, is a quarto volume
in the Coptic character, probably something above a century
old, on which is fixed a placard— "This very curious manuscript
in the original Unknown Tongue, price 20s.—The gallant
General Church, who so distinguished himself in Greece and
the lonian Islands, is gone, it is said, to Timbuctoo.—Those
performers who are engaged for the four great festivals must
look sharp ; from Manchester they must proceed to Norwich
200 miles; from thence to Worcester, by London, 220 miles;
and thence to Liverpool, 124 miles; at each place they will be
engaged until four or five o'clock on the Fridays, and must be
present at the next, for rehearsal, by ten o'clock on the Mon-
days.—James Ashton, Esq., of Newton, Chedrire, has pre-
sented the commissioners for building churches, a site of land
sufficient for erecting a church at Newton Moor.—The num-
ber of Liverymen qualified to vote in the City of London for
members of parliament, during the present year, is 8,853._
A liberal donation of £l,OOO has lately been presented to the
Home Missionary Society.— Watchman. It has been calcu-
lated that no less than 800 thieves and blacklegs of one kind or
other attended the late Goodwood Races, but that, owing to the
vigilance of the police, their depredations were of a very limited
extent. The materials funning the interior of the old Star
Chamber in the ancient palace of Westminster were, at the
recent sale, purchased by the proprietor of Leasowes Hotel,
on the Cheshire coast, near Liverpool, where, having been ar-
ranged into an apartment, it forms a considerable obj,.et of
attraction to antiquarian visitms.— Mr. Mullins, M.P., is
eonstrUCting a locomotive carriage to be propelled by galvanism
instead of steam, and is confident of success.—lf iliParket.—
The directors of the Leeds and Selby Railway 'nave declared a
dividend of £1 10s. per share for the past ye4r. • The Report
says, that the expenses are still very considerable, and the Mili-
eulties great The greatest progress is making in the line of
the Great Western Railway. The line bet wept' Maidenhead,
Bath, and Bristol, will be opened for passengers and goods by
the autumn of 1837. The loyal ladies of Ashton intend to
present the Conservative Operatives of that place with a hand-

AUG. x. M.
Tuesday ....16 120
Weduesday-..17 155
Thursday ..18 231
Friday., ....19 312
Saturday....2o 4 0
SUNDAY...2I. 5 1
Monday ....22 622

1 37
2 13
2 50
3 36
4 28
5 39
7 6

F. I.
16 8
16 5
15 9
14 10
13 7
12 8
12 4

LIVERPOOL CORN
WHEAT, 70th. S d S d
English, new red, 7 0 0 7 4
Do. old 0 0 .. 0 0
Do. new white
Do. old 0 0.. 0 0
Scotch, white 0 0 .. 0 0
Do. red
Irish, new red
Do. old 5 8 .. 6 5
Do. new white 6 2 .. '7 2
Do. old 0 0 .. 0 0
Dantzig, red
Do, white
Stettin, red 0 0.. 0 0
Do. white 0 0.. 0 0
Conigsberg, red 0 0 .. 0 0
Do. white
Riga Sz Petersburg 0 0.. 0 0
Odessa
Russian, hard 0 0 .. 0 0
Canada, red 0 0 .. 0 0
Do. white 0 0.. 0 0
Bonded Wheat
RYE, imp. qr. English
and Foreign, free 0 0 .. 0 0
Do. in bond
B IRLEY ,014, in) p. ttr
English, Malting... 34. 0 .. 37 0
Do. Grinding.6olh 4 2 .. 4 5
Irish, Malting, do. 0 0 .. 0 0
Do. Grinding, do. 4 3.. 4 6
Foreign, d. p. do. 0 0 .. 0 0
Do. in bond 0 0 .. 0 0
OATS, 4 45th.
English, new
Do. old 0 0.. 0 0
Scotch, atc new 0 0.. 0 0
Do. old 0 0 .. 0 0

Venus stationary 7 28 morn
Jupiter rises 2h 40m. morn
Saturn in conj. with Moon
Mars rises 1111 37m even
Mars sets 4h 35m even

OATS, 451 b. sd sd
Irish, n. kilndried 2 loia 3
Do. old do.
Do. prime, 421 b
Do. do. old 0 0 0 p
Foreign, free
Do. in bond
PEASE, ir imp. qr
English, white
Foreign,white
BRANS, 4te imp. qr
English, new 4O 0 .. 44 0
Do. Pigeon, old 0 0 0 0
Foreign, free
Do. in bond '29 0 .. 31 0
Irish, Tick,e.new 37 0 39 0
Do. old 0 0 0 0

crimp. qr.
Lngllsh

NDIAN CORN, 'fin .qr.
Red
White

FLOUR, ir 280115.
English, fine 0 0.. 0 a
Irish, gds, new 36 0.. 38 0
Do. fine

American. sweet,
per bd. free.... 0 0 0 0
Do. in bond 20 0 21 0
Do. sour, free.... 0 0 0 '0
Do. in bond .... 20 0 21 0
Canadian, free .. 28 0 30 0
Do. in pond 0 0 0 0
oA•rmssi., 410'2401b
English, new .... 0 0 0 9
0
Irish, new
Do. old.. 0 0 0
BRAN. tir 24th..4 1 0 1

PRICES OF SHARES, LIVERPOOL, Atm. 15, 1836.
Per Share.
Manchester, Bolton. and Bury Canal and Railway 48 paid 77 0 0
2
Liverpool and Manchester Railway .281 .... 285 0 v',‘
Quarter Shares 25 .... 70 0
Bolton and Leigh ditto 0w
London and Birmingham Railway
Grand Junction ditto
Warrington and Newton ditto
Kenyon and Leigh Junction ditto
Wigan Branch ditto.
North Union, late Preston and Wigan Railway
St. llelens and 'Runcorn Gap ditto ... 100 .... 35 0 0
Leicesterand Swannington ditto . 50 .... 62 3 0
Manchester and Leeds ditto 5 .• .. 20 0 0
London and Brighton Ditto (Stephenson's) 5 .... 10 0 0
Ditto Ditto (Rennie's) 2 .... I 0 0
Eastern Counties
Midland Counties ditto
North Midland ditto - 5 .... 10 5 0
Birmingham and Gloucester ditto
Great Western ditto 2O .... 40 0 0
Leeds and Selby Railway lOO .. • . 122 10 0
Edinburgh and Glasgow ditto
London and Gravesend ditto 1 ...• 015 0
Dublin and Drogheda £2 105.... 3 0 6
Ulster

BANKS.

Bank of Manchester
Bank of Liverpool
Liverpool Union Bank lO .... 17 2 6
Manchester and Liverpool District Bank l5 .... 22 10 0
Commercial Bank of Liverpool.
Commercial Bank of England 5 .... 6 12 6
Northern and Central Bankof England lO .... 15 7 0
6
Borough' 5 .... 13 0
South Lancashire £2 10s.. 2 10 0
North and South Wales Bank £2 10s.. 2 12 6
United Trades' Bank
Tradesmens' Bank l'2 10s.. 3 7 6
GAS AND WATER WORKS.
Oldham Gas Light and Waterworks
St. Helen's Gas Works
Liverpool Coat Gas ,
Liverpool New Gas and Coke Company .... XlOO 1100
::::irli 00°5 i
New Shares, premium
Liverpool and Harrington Water Works
Bootle ditto
Exchange Buildings . . .. .. , .
ASSURANCE COMPANIES.
Liverpool Marine Assurance Company
Ocean Assurance Company
10 g

RELIEF FROM PAIN.
IMPORTANT DISCOVERY IN MEDICI NE.
-1- EFAY'S GRAND POMMADE.—This extraordinary
Jl__A Preparation cures, by two or three external applications,
Tic Douloreux, Gout, Rheumatism, 4umhago, and Sciatica,
and all painful Affections of the Nerves, giving instantaneous
relief in the most severe paroxysms. It a been extensively
employed in the public and private practi e of several French
case
Physicians, who have declared that in n case have they found
it t o fail in curing those formidable ailei,4 tormenting maladies.
Si nce its introduction into England it has in every case fully
maintained the high character its unrivalled success has ob-
tained for it on the Continent. Patients who had for years
drawn on a miserable existence, and many who had lost the use
of their limbs by rheumatism and paralysis, have, by a few ap-
plications, been restored to health, strength, and comfort, after
electricity, galvanism, blistering, veratrine, morphia, colchium,
and all the usual remedies, had been found useless. Its asto-
nishing and almost miraculous effects have also been expe-
rienced in the cure of Nervous and Rheumatic Pains of the
Head and Face, Paralytic Affections, Contracted and Stiff
Joints, Glandular Swellings, Pains of the Chest and Bones,
Chronic Rheumatism, Palpitation of the Heart,
be applied
Difficult
to
tße-
spiration, 4&c. It requires no restraint from business or plea-
sure. It does not cause any eruptina, and may
the most beautiful skin without fear of injury.
Sold by the appointment of Jean Lefay, the Inventor, by his
sale Agent, Stirling, Chemist, No. 86, High-sheet, Vv7hitecha-
pel, who will answer any inquiries (if by letter, post paid) re-
spectiri, it, and also show letters received from numerous pa-
tients who- have benefited by its application. It can be sent to
any part of the world, upon enclosing a remittance, and any
~part of London carriage free. Sold in Pots at 4s. fa each.
NOTICE.—As there is a spurious imitation, it is requisite to
see that the minis "J. W. Stirling," is engraved on the Go-
vernment Stamp, outside the wrapper, without which security
it cannot be genuine.
Agents :.—C. M awhood, 20, South John street, Priestley, Aspi-
nall, Howell, Roberts, Bradford, Rawson, Neale. Gerdes, Wag-
staffC
hema
insdt s
,Sli,Av
it fatn,
eLhievset
er pr o;o
sl ;c
aßwoc‘rvomita,nßaonlittoln. a; wislh3earrwk.omo. ,d :I' avvrl
eo
sr ,_
ton; and all Medicine Vendors.

Os.. 34 0 0
0.. 617 6
0., 510 0
0 18 0 0

1 ....
1 ....

TwoOCEANS WITHIN FOVI:TEEN Houtts' SAIL !—The Atlan-
tic and Pacific are likely to be united by Yankee enterprise.
The congress of New Grenada has granted to Mr. Charles Bid-
dle and others the exclusive privilege, fur 50 years, under the
name of Transportation Company of the Atlantic and Pacific
Oceans, to navigate the river Chagres, with steam. A further
exclusive privilege, for the seine period, is granted Mr. Biddle,
for the transportation of goods and passengers, by the railway
macadamised road, from the head of the navigation of the Cha-
gres to the city of Panama. reserving to the public a transpor-
tation road fur horses and mules. Extensive concessions of
binil are made to Mr. Biddle in the same decree, in u hien colo-
nies of natives and foreigners may be settled, and be exempted
from certain contributions for 20 yearS. One of the last provi-
sions of the decree ordains, that it two steam-boats, at least, are
not kept in operation, and that the communicationsare not kept
constantly in such a state (excepting accidents) as to admit of
the tr,n,patation between the
Atlantic and Pacific being lleaded
i~t 11 hour,. the exclusive
privilege is to be f, rfoited N York
Paper. • •

2 0 °
3 15 2
2 10 0
1 10 0

12th Sunday after Trinity.
[King Wm. IV, born 1765.

Aiarheto.

The conservatives of Lincoln continue to gain ground rapidly;
at almost even monthly meeting some new members join, avow-
ing that they are now convinced the conservatives are the only
true friends of liberty.—Boston Herald.

LIVERPOOL COLONIAL MARKET, AuG. 12.
The demand for SUGAR has improved this week, and the sales reach
1130 hbds at higher prices ; with 4000 bags Mauritius, chiefly at
bids 4f4' cwt. In Bengal nothing done. The sales of Foreign Sugar are
confined to a small parcel of ordinar.3, white Bahia at 32s 6d to 34ts
c,wt.'—The demand for Motasaes, in consequence of the trade being
fully supplied for immediate consumption, has been limited, only 10u
Runs Demerara and Trinidad having been disposed of 30s 4f, ewt.—
t-;"FRR. There has been au extensive demand for Plantation, and
the sales amount to 420 casks of Jamaica • clean ordinary qualities
brought a furtherliadvanee of 2s ewt ; the middling and th.er de-
scriptions also sold at a slight advance. Nothing done in Foreign.—
Only small sales have been made in Cocoa, 50 bags Maranham having
brought 41s 4Y cwt.-1000 bags black PePPRIt have been taken at 4td
to 41d 417 Hs. —A small lot Jamaica GINGER ROM at £7 ss; and a small
Parcel of Malabar brought by auction, the extremely high price of 60s
to 63s 6d ,ty cwt for home consumption.-50 bags PImENTO sold ai 3td
41j' lb.—The sales in Rice are 650 bags of Bengal at 15s to 15s 6,1 4P'
cwt. in bond, and 50 Ices cleaned Carolina at former prices.—The in-
quiry for Rom continues, particularly for tar finer qualities of Ja-
maica and Demerara, the stock of which %becoming exceedingly
small in the hands of importers! the sales arl. 200 puns, chiefly De-
merara. at 33 7d to 4s, with a few Berhice of.loNv.strength at 2s 2d, and
a small parcel of Bahia at 2s 14(1 gallon.,
A few sales of East India INDIGO have been made at full prices.—
Nothing of any moment has been done either in SAELL LAC or Lao
DYE.-40 baskets TERRA JAPONICA are reported at 43s 4F ewt in bond.
—There is Mote inquiry for SALTPETRE, and the sales nearly reach
1000 hags at 31s 6.1 to 325.
DvEwoons.—The sales in LOGWOOD have been very limited; about
50 tons of old Jamaica brought £5 15s to £6 3ft ton ; nothing worthy
of notice has been done in FUSTIC ; of NICARAGUA Woon, a cargo of
180 tons Lima has been sold, the price of which has not transpired,
and a small parcel of solid Nicaragua at £l3 13s 417 ton ; no sales in
BAnwoon, CAMWOOD, SAYAN WOOD or Red SANDERS WOOD.-r=There
has been a revival in the demand for TURPENRENE, and at a sale to-
day of 760 brls of Wilmington, an advance was obtained of 6d 4h cwt
for the last few lots; the quantity sold is about ma brls at 12s 2d to
13s Id, principally, however, at 12s 3d to 124 6d ; a parcel of 200 to-300
brls American sold on Thursday at 13s Bd.—The saes of • IVlontreal •
Por Asuas are confined to 150 brls at 358 to 36s ; Pearl Ashes are loWer,
42s to 42s 6d having been accepted for several smelt parcels --Quart
CHIRON BARK is in brisk demand, about 200 hhds Philadelphia: have
been sold, to arrive, at 16s to 18s ae cwt, and 6 lads on the spot sold
by auction at high as 215.—N0 alteration:in FLAxsxen or CtoVERSERD.
—BEES' WAX is scarce and in requestie-lIIDES. The sales consist of
1000 dry Buenos Ayres at 71,1 to 71,1, .0 'Rio Grande, inferior at 61de
fioo Lima at lid for sound, 730 brined do. at 64d, 310 dry salted Mont,":
Video at 7id, 900 airy Riga Kips at Sid to 9d, 570 Mauritius do. at 314,,
8800 salted Buenos Ayres at 41d to sd, 540 Monte 'Video at 43d, 220,
West India 44d to 40. and 1500 Lima at 41d to lid lb also 880 dry
Monte Video Horse Hides at 84 2il each for sound.—ln Roan HAta
and OAK Bmie there are no sales to report.—The sales of TOBACCO
have been limited to 40 hhds to the trade.
