THE WISH.

No fairer maid does love's wide empire know—
No fairer maid e'er heav'd the bosom's snow—
A thousand loves around her forehead fly ;
A thousand loves sit melting in her eye ;
Love lights her smile—in joy's red nectar dips
Ills .myrtle flower, and plants it on her lipi;
She speaks! and hark, that paSsion-warbled song—
Still, fancy ! still that voice, those notes prolong !
As sweet as when that voice with rapturous falls
Shall wake the softened echoes of heaven's halls.

O (have I sighed) were mine the wizard's rod,
Or Mine the power of Proteus, changeful god!
A flo.ker.entaniled arbour I would seem,
To shield my love from noon-tide's sultry beaM :
Or bloom a myrtle, from whose odorous boughs
My love might weave gay garlands for her brows.
When twilight stole across the fading vale,
To fan my love, I'd be the evening gale ;
Mourn in the soft folds of her swelling vest,
And flutter my faint pinions on her breast!
On seraph wing I'd float a dream by night,
TO soothe my love with shadows of delight :
Or soar aloft to be the spangled skies,
And gaze upon her with a thousand eyes !_

WEST INDIES.

Coleridge-

TO TH. EDITOR OF TITE GL4SGOS' COURIER.

you oblige myself and your numerous
Colonial readers, by inserting in your first number
the following petition to the King., which I had the
hOnmir to put into the Bands of Mr. Secretary Stanley
about a fortnight ago, to be laid befOre His Majesty, and
the answer to whiich I shall receive when I return to
London. The petition is wholly the composition of
these people, and was accompanied by a letter in Arabic
to the King, written by their Chief, a venerable and
piincely-looking old man, about 70 years of age. He
was, he told me, sent by the Sultan, his father, with an
army, to attack a Pagan nation, in order to make them
become Mahommedans, but was in the expedition defeat-
ed, taken prisoner, and sold for one hundred dollars as a
slave, according to the African custom. Two years ago
they presented a petition to Sir Lewis Grant, to send
them back to Africa, because, owing to the low price Of
coffee, cocoa, &c. they could get no work and no returns
from their property in Trinidad; but no notice was taken
of it. The whole Mandingo nation in Trinidad pay.
Jonah the greatest respect, and readily obey his direc-
tions, and he keeps them steady and industrious. He
has a good deal of property himself; and one of them,
Who waited upon me, had property in houses to the Value
of 4,000 dollars. They are all sober, and the only free
Africans in Trinidad who labour in the lighter kinds of
tropical agriculture, such as cotton, coffee, cocoa, &c.

[TRINIDAD.]
To His Most Excellent Majesty, William the
Fourth, King of Great Britain and Ireland,
&c. &c. &c.
Alla huma sally albs Mahomed, wallah shah Mahomed,
Italia la hu actahr wa sally ma !
The humble petition of Jonas Mahomed Bath, Sultan
of Yullyalihad Almamb, Chief of the Free-negroes
of the Mahometan Religion, in the Island of Trini-
dad, on behalf of himself- and others :
May it please Your Most Sacred Majesty,
. We embrace the opportunity afforded by the departure of our
Friend and Your dutiful Subject, James M'Queen for Europe,
to send You these lines, invoking the One and only true God
er Christians and Mahometans, that they may find You and all
Your Royal Family in Health and Prosperity.
May the grace of God be with you ail!
We, the followers of Mahomet, the Prophet of God, place all
confidence in Your Majesty; for, being made prisoners of war
in Africa, by Calfirs, (Infidels,) we were sold as slaves in this
Nand, where we are now free ; but we cannot forget our coun-
try; Death alone can make us do so. For two.years past we
have petitioned Your Governor Grant, without success, to send
US to Senegal or Gambia, from which we can easily reach our
country. When slaves, we did not spend our money in liquor,
as other slaves did, and always will do; we knew its value; we
hid it, and honestly and honourably bought our freedom. If
-tour Majesty doubt what I say about myself and the free Man-
dingoes here, pray, ask General Hislop, Colonel Cassidy, late
Ist West India Regiment, and Captain Holmes, for my cha-
racter and that Of my nation. I etas bought by your Majesty's
Father, the good King George the Third : he would not sell
me, but gave me freedom, on my first having paid Five Hun-
dred Dollars for another slave, as my substitute, which slave
was lately emancipated by the Governor, though my money has
not been returned to me. Thus by my own exertions I became
free; all my countrymen have done so; all slaves here might
have been free, if they had followed our example.
We know Your Majesty, is all powerful under God. We
know your goodness towards us is as certain as we must die.
We know you can send us in Your ships to our Country; but
permit us to say, according to the law of Mahomet, which we
revere, a person that owes money, and cannot pay it, is a slave.
We owe money here. We want to sell our plauations of cocoa
and coffee, and our slaves, and our houses in town; but there
are no purchasers to be found here. We, therefore, beg your
Majesty to buy them for a fair price, so that we may pay our
debts, which we cannot do otherwise. We owe for the main-
tenance of our slaves, who have the same clothes and same
table as ourselves. Notwithstanding all this, they will not.work,
fur they say they are free. So we are now become their slaves,
and they our minters..
We write this letter. If any words displease Your Majesty,
forgive us. We know after God is, You.
For the Mandingoe and Fallah Nation, by
their Chief and Alinamb,
(Signed) JONAS MAHOMED BATH.
Witness to the signature of my Father, Jonas
Mahomed Bath, T. S. BATH.
Port of Spain, 25th Jan., 1633.

Will you afford me room to observe that these gentle-
men and ladies who in this country, but more especially
in Glasgow, so lately strained their lungs, and Were the
skin off their fingers signing and advocating anti-slavery
petitions, have yet to get their wages for the work.
These will be very different from a rate they expected to
receive. They hugged themselves in the security that
not being directly connected with West India property,
they could not lose, but they will be cleverer and wiser
than I take any of them to be, if they extinguish
.£150,000,000 of capital in a commercial country, and
vet not partake of the loss. But this is the least of the
evil—about half a million of goods is sent every year
from Britain to St. Thomas, a large proportion of which
is from Glasgow—and in which Danish Island, as the
producers of them may well know, they are sold to slave
ships to take them to Africa, to purchase slaves for the
Spanish colonies, and partly to Porto Rico, where
slavery exists and-extends. ~The act which will convulse
the British Islands will also strongly convulse the Danish
Islands; and this alarm will occasion an additional charge
en their goods sent to be sold. Already the mercantile
houses connected with St. Thomas have, as understand,
raised their charges 2 per cent.; but wait till they hear
from the West Indies the effects of the proceedings in
this country, and they will find that, by and bye, 20 per
cent., nay, 40 per cent., will not be adequate to the risk.
Nor will the evil stop here. Any commotion in the
Danish Islands will make Porto Rico cut off all commu-
nication with them, where the trade must either go direct,
or cease. In the former case, all those immense sums of
money laid out within the last eighteen months, in re
building that portion of the capital of St. Thomas de-
stroyed by fire—above £600,000 sterling, will be ren-
dered valueless. Nor will this be all. More than
one-half of our foreign trade, and nearly all the supplies
of the raw material for our cotton manufactures come
from countries where slave property to the extent of at
least £1,200,000,000 more is established. This, with all
the vast commercial transactions arising from it, dis-
turbed and shaken, as disturbed and shaken they will
be, will not only fearfully increase the cost of business,
burin numerous cases make it cease altogether; and the
convulsion would shake the whole commercial world both
in Europe and all America, in which convulsion, as
Britain is the greatest commercial nation, so she must
sustain the greatest loss. The Anti-slavery fanatics in
Britain will thus find themselves whirled into a gulph of
ruin, and many of them be reduced as low as the innocent
and ill-fated West India proprietors, whern they have so
strenuously assisted to despoil. It would do your heart
good to see the huntane care which the gun-makers and
powder-makers take of the interests o their African
brethren, by sending for them muskets worth about Its.
each, And powder as large as full-sized pease, which,
used together, can neither injure the assailant nor the
assailed.—l am, &e.
JAMES M'QuEEN.

COUN Tit Y BANK-No4s.—Ttie annual value ofcountry bankers!
notes stamped :front- the sth of January, -1.821; to the sth
of January,, 153.3,. W4s as follows' :—Years eliding the sth
Uanuarti, 1527,x1,2,755; 1828, £1,970;59; 1829, 1:2,812,1Z0 ;
1830, x'2.403,700 ; 1831, £1,955,430; 1832, £2,217,915; 1833;
£1,751,685.

LONDON POLICE.

MANSION-HOUSE.

A young woman of interesting appearance, and much better
educated than the ordinary run of servants, was brought up
before the Lord Mayor, on suspicion of having robbed her
master, a Mr. Huggins, of some silk.
In the course of the investigation the young woman strongly
denied that she had committed any dishonest act, and told the
Lord Mayor that •she did not know her father or mother—that
she would consider herself, in fact, an orphan, were it not for
the great humanity of a poor woman to whose care her unkind
mother intrusted her, and who had, from her infancy up to the
present moment, supplied the place of a parent to her in sick-
ness and in health.

The Lord Mayor asked whether the female whose humanity
had been alluded to was pretent; and, upon hearing that she
was, he called her, to question her relative to the birth of the
prisoner. When the prisoner called out "mother!" a woman
of decent appearance, and about forty years of age, presented
herself. She appeared much surprised at a charge of-felony
against the young woman, and stated to the Lord Mayor that,
if the parents of the prisoner had done their duty, she would
now probably be in a different rank in society, for her.mother
was a titled lady.
The Lord Mayor desired to know whether the humane friend
of the girl had received any recompense for the services she
had rendered ?

The reply was in the negative. The girl was now twenty-three
years of age, and, from the day of her birth up to the present
moment, not the slightest contribution had been given towards
her maintenance and education by her mother, except an allow-
ance for a year and a half of the days of her infancy.
The Lord Mayor asked whose daughter she was
The female said that his Lordship should be made acquainted
with the name privately. The name was then written by the
conmunicant upon a piece of paper, and handed to Mr. Hobkr.
She believed, she said, that the account would be found to be
correct. We believe that the name of the paramour of her
ladyship was not mentioned.
The Lord Mayor said he should cause an inquiry to be made.
Daniel Forrester, the officer, said he had been informed that
the poor girl had been lately seduced, so that her distress was
complete.
The Lord Mayor said that the account of that day's transac-
tion would, perhaps, meet the eye of the mother, who must, not-
withstanding that she had for so many years smothered the
feelings of nature, be stung a little at so melancholy a conse-
quence of her want of the "natural touch."
The prisoner was remanded, and Mr. Huggins said that he
should cause some inquiries to be made at the pawnbrokers.

POREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

AMERICAN PAPERS.

A letter from Lexington, Kentucky, of the 12th ult. says,—
Since nine or ten o'clock this morning, it is admitted by every
one almost that the disease is subsiding; and since that time
until the present, say five, p.m., I do not think there has been
a single .new case. There are but few left in the place to have
it; nearly all that could go to the country have been gone some
days, many of whom have died. There are not enow of well
persons left to take care of the convalescent and inter the dead.
1 have been told there were twelve or fourteen nninterred at
one time this morning at one of the grave yards. It is useless
for any one to attempt to guess how many have fallen. Three
hundred would probably be a reasonable computation. On
yesterday and today it has been impossible to get coffins or
rough boxes made sufficiently soon to put them away.
Among the principal citizens who have fallen in Lexington,
are—Gen. Bodley, Dr. Boswell, Joseph Boswell, George Bos-
well, Capt. Henry Gist, Mr. Postlethwait, Dr. Chanel], young
Mr. Brand, T.T.- Skillman, Mr. Towler, cashier of the United
States Bank, Wm. T. Smith, Mr. Fishell, Mr. Jas. A. Brooks,
Andrew Price. In a single family, remarkable for its neatness
—euilying a fine, airy, and usually most healthy residence, re-
moved from the dense part of the town, by extensive vacant
ground around it, ten of the household perished in seven days.
Robert J. Turnbull, Esq., the distinguished author of the
numbers of "Brutus," urging upon the people of Smith Caro-
lina the desperate work of Nullification, died at Charleston on
the night of the
.14th inst. a victim to the "country fever." He
was a man of property, of a high order of talents, and a princi-
pal leader of his party.
EMIGRANTS.—The emigrants that arrive at Quebec this year
are generally people of property and wealth. We left Quebec
on Saturday last, in the steam-boat St. Lawrence, with 480
English, Scotch, and Irish emigrants on board. The greater
part of theta were farmers, and they intended to purchase farms
in Illinois.—The same day the Canadian Voyageur left Quebec
for Montreal with 700 on board, and the Canadian Eagle also,
with great number. About 1500 came up to Montreal on Sun-
day last.—Plattsburg Republican.
