WARRINGTON ELECTION.

( From the Fokrth Edition cf Tuesday's Liverpool Standard.)

This morning, at eleven o'clock, the nomination of the Can-
didates for the representation of the Borough of Warriugton in-
Parliament, took place in Butter Market-street. A coiumo-
(lions hustings for the accommodation of the Candidates and
their friends was erected immediately contiguous to the Police-
Office. Towards this place, a little before eleven o'clock in
the morning, the two Candidates, JOHN IItELAND BLACK-
BURNE, Esq., and Mr. CHaltLas tIINDLLY, the radical orator of
Duckenfield, who, (before the elevation of Lord Brougham to
the woolsack), was that gentleman's electioneering cat's-paw,
proceeded in processiou with bands of music and banners
flying. Mr. Blackburne's friends set out from the Lion
Hotel, and Mr. Hindley's from the Nag's Head Inn. The
banners of Mr. Blackburne, having appropriate Conservative
mottos, were extremely splendid, and as his cavalcade
moved through the streets it received the most enthusiastic
cheers from,the -indovss of the inhabitants, which were filled
by respectable per 'oils of both sexes. " The witches" in this
spirited borough shone forth most resplendently on the occa-
sion, apparently vieing with each other to aisplay the colours of
the constitutional candidates in rosettes, &c. to the best advan-
tage ; in fact a complete array of beauty was to be seen at all the
respectable houses to greet Mr. Blackburne's procession as it
moved. On arriving at the hustings J. Nicholson, Esq., the
returning officer, took the chair in the centre. Mr. Black-
burne's friends being ranged at his right hand, and Mr. Hiud-
ley's to the left. Mr. Hiadley's party cut a most dejected figure
compared with that of Mr. Blackburne's ; a few sorry green
and pink calico flags, followed by the tag rag and non-electors,
was the only feature that drew attention, as being a great con-
trast to that of Mr. Blackburue, his flags and banners having
the most elegant appearance, and his party consisting of the
wealth and influence of the town. The exclusive cleating sys-
tem of intimidation, it appears, has been carried on to a great
extent amongst the small shopkeepers. With this disgraceful
opposition Mr. Blackburne has to contend; but notwithstand-
ing its influence, there does not appear to exist a doubt at that
gentleman's return.
The proclamation having been read.
Trios. PART; Esq., a banker, in an appropriate address, no-
minated Johnlreland Biackhurne, Esq., as a fit and proper
person to represent the interests of the borough in Parliament.
Joust CLaax, Esq., amidst loud cheers, briefly seconded the
nomination.

Mr. iloLenooKE GA K ELL (a unitarian) in a speech more
remarkable for its length than itsipoint, and which we regret,
for his sake, we have not room to publish, then came forward
and proporied Mr. ilindley.
Mr. JOSEPH STI,ES seconded the nomination.

JOHN IRELAND BLACKBURNE, Esq. then came forward and
addressed the electors. He said that the last time he had the
honour of addressing them from those hustings, he had nut anti-
cipated that he should so soon again have occasion to call upon
them to place him that situation which, since the Reform
Bill had passed, was the highest object his ambition aspired to.
C!feeis.) He now addressed them with different feelings than
he it the lust election, for lie had the pleasure to know that
since teat period there were many who were then adverse to
him, had promised him their support. (Loud cheers.) He felt
awned that the credit of that virtuous administration, which
had just expired, was at a discount, and had not given .that
general satisfaction which some parties would have them to be-
' lieve. He was well aware that the great reaction in political
opinions, which had taken place amongst the electors of War-
rington. was not in any way attributable to their personal
feelings of respect towards him. He was convinced that it was
owing to the cause that be espoused. and would defend. As an
advocate of that cause, he, an humble individual, ciaimed their
suffrages as a cantii,late to represent their interests in Parlia-
ment. He did not pretend to claim their suffrages on any other
grounds, and was anxious to do his duty to them, as his consti-
tuents, if they returned him to Parliament. if they did so, it was
his firm determination, in supporting their interests, strenuously
to support the constitution of the yummy in (Knee and state,
(loud and continued cheers ;) he slid not deny that improve-
ments might be made in the church establishment, and he for
one would be desirous of reforming any abuse that could be
proved to exist. He would, however, say to them, let those
abuses be reformed by the friends of the church and not by its
enemies. It was well known to have been the intention of a
large and influential body of the empire to separate the church
from the state, which was tantamount to the destruction of the
church itself. (Cheers.) He must confess, and especially after
four of his majesty's ministers had seceded from the cabinet
who were adverse to the conteniplated measures, that he should
have lookesi with great jealousy on the reform of any abuse
which emanated from such a source. In his opinion the ques-
tion between them was, not whether these talked-of abuses in
the church were to be removed, but whether the church itself
was to he destroyed. (Loud cheers.) He was a tory, and in
stating that it was nothing ne-e to them, and as a tory he would
say he was willing to support any measure for the equitable
commutation of tithes, and he knew that the clergy would give
their support to such a measure. Ile was, however, ag.linst ail
spoliation both in church and state, and especially that descrip-
tion rif spolietien which would have the effect of rubbing the
clergy of that which was their due, without adding one iota to
the comfort of the: se it was pretended to relieve. (Cheers.) It
had been a practised and a wicked delusion to instil into the

"minds of the -agricultural classes that an abolition er distribu-
tion of tithe would benefit them ; he well knew that would not
be the effect. (Cheers.) Such a measure would be the means,
not of benefiting the farmer but the landlords ; he was con-
vinced, however, if such a measure was brsught into operation,
that the landlords would not avail themselves of such dishonest
means to enrich themselves—he would tell them now, as he told
them last year, that if he had the good fortune, and he felt
rather confident, to become their representative, he would sup-
port their interests to the best of his ability ; he was an advo-
cate for measures of economy and retrenchment, so far as they
were consistent with English honour and English independence.
(Cheers.) He thought, and he would act up to his opinion,
that the taxation of the country might greatly be reduced, es-
pecially that department which pressed heavily on the labouring
classes. (Loud and continued cheering.) He was against any
species of pension being. granted, except as a reward of public
services, and those services he thought ought to be taken into
consideration by pa liameut, and rewarded accordingly. The
principles of the late ministers were professedly to reduce pen-
sions and places, and he gave them credit fur being in office
when some offices were reduced; although it should not be for-
gotten that when th ,y entered otlice those places and pensions
had been in the course of reduction (cheers and laughter);
having given them credit fur this, what did the assembly think
when they saw that at the time when these reductions took place
these ministers created hundreds of other pensioners by the title
of commissioners and others, Ste., thereby eurburdening the
country with taxes threefold. There was another measure for
Which he gave his Majesty's late ministers credit (a laugh),
they abolished slavery, anent) man rejoiced more than he did
when that odious system was abolished, no longer to disgrace
the statute book. (Cheers.) But how, he would ask, was that
measure accomplished—what was the sacrifice? Why, by
about twenty millions being added to the national debt. (Cries
of " whig policy ail over.") He believed that that measure
might have been resorted to at a less sacrifice, with greater
security to the colonies, to the satisfaction of the country, with
greater security to the owners of plantations and other West
India property; and, -la• ly, he would say, with greater happi-
ness to the slaves themves. (Loud cheers.) lie knew that
in nineteen plantations out of twenty the slaves enjoyed
better food, better habitations, better health, and more comforts
than -the poor of this country, who had been recently oppressed
by the whig measure called the "poor law amendment bill."
He believed that if ever there was an act of cruelty passed into
a law against the humbler classes, it was that " poor law amend-
ment bill." (Loud cheers.) It had for its object the depriva-
tion of the dearest rights of the poor. (Cheers.) It tore the
aged and iutirin from the bosom of their family, and compelled
them to drag on a miserable existence in a poor house. (Cheers,
and cries of "Horrible.") This be gave them as a specimen of
whig humanity (cheers); but he hoped that one of the first
measures of the new House of Commons would be to repeal
that odious and truly revolting measure. (Loud cheering.)
With respect to the manufacturing interest, it had been said that
he was opposed to it in consequence of being a landholcler:..
Such futile objections scarcely needed a reply ; for it was obvi-
ous that the interests of the agriculturist and manufacturer were
so indissolubly combined, that one could nut flourish without
the other; when one declined, the other roust, and when
English manufactures ceased, he was going almost to say, he
should decline receiving any rents, (loud cheers,) 8,3 con-
vinced was he that the interest of the one could not be over-
turned without ruining theilther. With respect to the present
administration, which, if they sent him to- parliament, he
would independently support, there had been no species of
abuse and obloquy which a depraved mind could invent,
which had not been heaped upon them; they were said to
be opposed to every right, social, and political, and the
champion of abuses; but he might make answer to all these
charges by merely appealing to the patriotic and manly address
of Sir Hobert Peel, to the electors of Tamworth. (Loud and
continued cheers.) That address, he• was convinced, would
satisfy the greater
.portion of the electors of Euglaud of the
sincerity of their intentions. lie would refer them back to
the page of history also, to prove that the principles of a tory
administration were not opposed to liberalmeasures. (Cheers.)
Thar., however, was scarcely necessary, as the fact could be
provest by recent events. lie should like to ask theta who
emancipated the Catholics? (Cheers.) Who took the dissabi-
lities from the shoulders of the dissenters? (Loud cheers.)
He had himself such implicit confidence in the integrity of the
presvnt government, that-#e should as soon have thouht of the
Duke of Wellington, after his glorious victory at Waterloo,
marching back to Brussels, as the present government to retro,
grade from the principles they professed. (Loud cheers.) He.
said, let them have a government which would he a conservation
of the great institutions of the country; but not conservative of
its abuses. (Loud and long continued cheers.) Such were the
principles of the present government, and impost which they had
accepted office, and if they did him the honour of returuiug him
their representative, he 'would fearlessly and independently
support them. (Loud cheer's.) He was about to say something
on the subject of the coertlon which had been used to gain
votes by the system of exclusive dealing, but he would pass that
by, as he knew John Bull too well to suppose he could be influ-
enced by it. (Cheers.)
Mr. BLACKBLItNIi concluded, amid loud cheers, by hoping
that the constituency of England would rally round the Con-
servative Candidates and the Throne, and thereby enable His
Msjesty to fulfil the pledge which he g,ave to the clergy to sup-
port that church which his ancestors had supported.
Mr. HiNniair, th other candidate, then came forward and
delivered a long speed made up of the common-place phrases
and sentences which for a length of time have graced the oratory
of the whigs.—We have not room to report it.
A poll was then demanded on behalf of the Candidates, and
the returning officer adjourned the court until Wednesday,
when the pull commences.
