DUTY ON RAILWAY PASSENGERS

Colonel SIBTHORP gave notice, that in committee on the
railway regulations bill, when they came to the considera-
tion of that clause which imposed a duty of one halfpenny
upon every four passengers per mile, he should move that the
duty of twopence be substituted for that of one halfpenny.
lIAND-LOOM WEAVERS' COMMISSIONERS' REPORT.

Mr. G. BERKELY, seeing his hon. friend the Under-Se-
cretary for the Home Department in his place, wished to ask
him if it was the intention of her majesty's government to
take into their consideration the report of the Hand-loom
Weavers' Commissioners, to found any measures thereupon,
and if the report would speedily be laid before the house ?
Mr. Fox MAULE said the subject more properly belonged
to the department of the board of trade, to the president of
which board the question would have been more fitly ad-
dressed. The report, however, would not yet be laid before
the house (as was understood).

POLICE RATES ASSESSMENT BILL.
Mr. Fox MAULE moved the second reading of this bill.
Lord G. SoltHaw!' did not rise to oppose the second read-
ing of the bill ; but from the great number of communications
he had had on the subject, he thought the bill ought to be
well considered before it had the sanction of that house.
With reference to the details of the bill, he thought a six-

penny rate would be sufficient.
Mr. Fox. MAULE made some observations in reply, but,
in consequence of the noise in the house, lie was almost inau-
dible. He was understood to say he could not agree to the
lower rate, believing the higher to be necessary to maintain
an efficient police. The bill was then read a second time,
and ordered to be committed on Friday.
Mr. BENJAMIN WOOD proposed the omission of the
seventh clause, regulating the mode in which the increase of
duty shall be borne under contracts of sale not completed.
Dr. LUSHINGTON and others supported the proposal.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER resisted it.
After a short conversation, a division took-place, in which
it was negatNed by a large majority.
COLONIAL PASSENGERS' BILL.

The order of the day having been read for going into com-
mittee on the colonial passengers' bill,
Lord JOHN RUSSELL, in answer to a question from Sir
Eardley 'Wilmot as to the intentions of government respecting
the introductiml of Hill Coolies from India into the Mauri-

tins, expressed his opinion that the prohibition on that im-
migration might be usefully withdrawn under proper protective
regulations. Care must be taken, by the appointment of
proper agents, to guard the Indians against the delusions and
oppressions heretofore practised upon them ; they must be
free on their arrival to hire themselves to any master they
may choose ; their term of service should not exceed a year ;
and provision should be made against the disproportion of the
sexes. With such precautions as these, he thought the ge-
neral principle of opening the markets to labour might be
fairly applied to the Mauritius, whither, from local position,
many Indians already found their way. But be did not con-
sider it applicable to the West Indies, where the introduction
of• a third race, with peculiar habits, might be productive of
very serious evil. The protection of the Hill Coolies immi-
grating into the Mauritius would be the object of some
clauses which he .intended to propose in the committee on
this bill. _ _ _

---
Mr. BERNAL regretted that, under the present disastrous
circumstances of the West Indies, the government should
have declared against the relief of those colonies by the

introduetiOn df new labour. '
Mr. -Hounoir4i: hoped that if the experiment, when tried
on a small scale: in the Mauritius, should be successful, it
would be extended to the West Indies also. Fie attached
mile weigh, to the apprehension of mixing races. There
was no race more mixed than the members of the British
House of Commons, the " true-born Englishmen," descended
from Saxon, Dane, Norman, and Fleming.
Mr. EWART thought the danger lay only iu the ii7norance
of the people as to the district and the service to which they
were blindly consigned.
d‘lr. WAunuuToisi said that it might be all well if the emi-
gration were that of men with their wives and families pro-
ceedingtrom an overstocked country to people a new land.
But here the expectation of the importers was not to raise
by, colonization from India, a per.manent population of
labourers, but to get a fresh supply from India as fast us the
successive cargoes should be cutoff by the mortality of severe
toil. As between the Mauritius and the West Indies, he

should rather prefer the latter, because the inspection 'was
much stricter.

Mr. C. BULLER observed, that there was no country
where population was more redundant and labour worse

paid than -Hindostan ; and its people, therefore, fell within
the very principle affirmed by Mr. Warburton. The friends

of the ine.gro, instead of opposing every plan for the intro

. .
Auction of free labour, ought to hail such measures as being
the probable means of extinguishing slavery in the only way
in which that extinction could ever be effected. Efut he
feared there was a disposition to import into these debates
revenge against the planters. instead of plain justice.
Dr. LUSHINGTON complained of this last expression,
which he said was wholly unsupported by fact. He appealed
to the evils of past migrations from India, and demanded to
know what were to be the securities against the repetition
of those evils, especially with reference to parts of India not
belonging to England. The people of the Mauritius had
evaded all your laws—the law against slave importation,
the law of registration, the law forbidding public officers to
be proprietors of slaves. On the slave question, the admi-
nistration of justice itself was poisoned from head to foot.
The Coolies now at the Mauritius were treated most severely ;

worked under police inspection ; and not suffered, even after
the hours of labour, to quit their districts, It was a new
slavery, and the annual mortality was nine per cent. Where,
then, was the necessity for now preferring Mauritius, which
had been highly prosperous, to our other colonies, which had
suffered so heavily ? The whole subject should be consi-
dered together.
Mr. MACAULEY had always been of opinion that the re-
strictions on the removal of labour were properly applicable.

. .
only to a state of slavery. That state ceasing, the general
principle of the free removal came fitly into operation. It
was material to remember that there wee always at the
Mauritius, for health or pleasure, civil servants of the East
India Company, who were invariably found to take a lively
interest in the welfare of the Indian emigrants there. Some-
thing had been said about vindictive feeling; but, in his own
mind, the heat occasioned by a long altercation had wholly
ceased with the cessation of that slavery which had been its
cause; and there was no part of the British dominions of
which he was more anxious to behold the prosperity than the
colonies in which that great experiment, the free slave labour,
was now going forward.
Mr. IRVING dwelt on the necessity of fresh labour in the
Mauritius, and made a favourable representation of the con-
dition of the colonists there.
Mr. O'CONNaLL said, the planters of the Mauritius ap-
peared to be persons whO desired not to hire free labour, but
to get labourers and work them out. He saw no security
against abuses of the proposed emigration. The house ought
not to go on with these clauses till the plan was more dis-
tinctly developed. lie ridiculed the notion of protection to
the Coolies from the casual invalids of the company's civil
service, and urged that there should be a permanent and
salaried body of protectors. He concluded by moving that
the bill should be_committed that day six months.

Mr. VERNON SMITH desired to repeat,n,. the house havin,
,eNevi ti,sea)nyi the Lorda Joli
become tolerably full, the explanations
Russell in the earlier part of thees-ent
attend-
ance had been very thin. Immigration,
become the question of the colonies. As to the Mauritius,
Dr. Dr. Lushington ought long since to have brought itrittnius'
deeds before parliament, if they amounted to one-half
what he had represented them to be. A permanent salaried
protectorship had been demanded' by Mr. O'Connell, and
that was one of the very institutions which the government
had it in contemplation to establish. It was best to choose
one colony for the experiment, and that one should obviously
be the colony nearest to the Indian peninsula.
After a short conversation about the forms of proceeding.
Mr. O'CONNELL temporarily withdrew his amendment, to
give Lord John Russell an opportunity of moving that the
committee on this bill should have power to regulate the in-
tercourse between India and the Mauritius.
Mr. GLansToNE desired he might not be understood as
assenting to any particular plan of emigration, though he was
favourable to the general principle.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL said, that if the house affirmed the
general principle, he should advise the crown to execute a
specific plan, which would be most carefully considered, and
on which it would be open to parliament to express its opi-
nion. Without their general sanction to the principle, no
step at all would be taken by ministers to break through the
existing prohibition.
Mr. MACKINNON agreed to the principle, and
l e Mr.
11rr .c\rN.7 iGa e wEyYa,
swfollowed made i a speech about the English poor and
Corn-laws, at which the House expressed some dissatis-
faction.ow lby
was favourable to the measure.
Mr. O'CONNELL'S amendment being renewed, was nega-
tivedronaANc
division.sn
,o
Mr. HAWKS
the or der for the second reading of the
Metropolitan Police Courts Bill, loosed to refer it to a select
ecxo
pmendiiittitnene w
s,
jnirtih a view s
dintinn toi the
n certain
e r
netisntanbilviislhni
cases.ent of
This
icsh cheap
jurisdic-
tion
po sheadd tboeve
ne s
rt
ni
ins
etdh,ell)nodl gistrates, who, when
ceengmagaed to do this further
Fox MAU LE that Government
dt salariesluleotiyrnhearaso
swithoutu
ri
nc rceea
fs
reo omf stipend.
m r.
was read a womulrd. attendE tso
wavedthe su bhjiesc inanother
motion,t
ai
id tsheses
bill
se-
cond time.
Lord MORPETH then volunteered to abandon his i Irsl
Mendicancy Bill, after which the House proceeded with the
orders of the day, but on the motion that Mr. F. Maule's
Prison (Scotland) Bill be read a first time, the House, at a
quarter to 1 o'clock, was counted out.

HOUSE OF LORDS.—FRIDAY.
Lord lIATHERTON stated that on Friday next he should

present a petition numerously signed by proprietors of the
Stafford and Worcester canal, and by many other persons,
for the adoption of a measure to prohibit the conveyance of
goods on canals and railways on Sundays.
The Archbishop of CANTERBURY, having presented peti-
tions against Sunday trading, observed that he feared the ob-
jects on one side were too extravagant, and the indifference on
the other too extensive, to afford any prospect of the adoption
ofany effectual remedy for this evil.
Lord DENMAN having presented petitions complaining of
the treatment ofFeargus O'Connor,
The Marquis of NORMANDY read letters received from
York Castle, denying some of the allegations of Mr. O'Con--
nor as to the treatment to which he was exposed. His lord-
ship added that he had been led to believe the alterations
which had taken place would afford to Mr. O'Connor as much
indulgence as was consistent with the sentence pronounced by
the Court of Queen's Bench.
Lord BROUGHAM observed, that Mr. O'Connor's state-
ments had been met only by counter-assertion. For his own
part his !co dship professed himself so well aware of the value
of these contradictions that he should wait for more specific
information.

Earl FITZWILLIAM (in answer to Lord Ashburton's in-
quiry) stated that it was his intention to bring forward, on
Thursday next, his resolution on the subject of the corn
laws.

Lord BROUGH AM having presented petitions from St. Ives,
&c, on the subject, said that he viewed, with indescribable
alarm, those measures sanctioning the emigration of the hill
coolies, which must inevitably lead to the revival of slavery
by this country. His lordship wished the government to lay
before the house all orders by the governor-general of India
regarding the shipment of hill coolies.
Their lordships soon afterwards adjourned till Saturday.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.-FRIDAY.

Mr. HousmAN took the oaths and his seat on his re-elec-
ion for Cockermouth.

Mr. WAKLEY presented a petition complaining of there
Lying been bribery
.and treating at the last election at

Mr. EWART stated, that on the 23d instant, he should
move that the house resolve itself into committee on the
several acts imposing duties on sugar, coffee, &c. _

Mr. B. Woo]) moved for a return of the names of all the
unions governed by boards of guardians under the provisions
of the Poor Law Amendment Act in England and Wales,
the month and year when each was first incorporated, the
names of counties wherein such unions are situated, the
names of all the assistant poor law commissioners for Eng-
land and Wales, and date and appointment of each ; the date
of every visit paid by each assistant commissioner to boards
of unions in England and Wales, from the first day of Jan-
uary, 1839, to the 31st day of December, 1839; the name of
such visiting commissioner, and of such board visited.
The Customs Duties Duties Bill was read a third time and
passed, and the House having resolved into a committee of
supply,
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, in moving a reso-
lution as the basis of the intended duties upon timber, en-
tered into some explanatory details, his general principle
being to collect the same amount which the originally in-
tended 5 per cent. might have been expected to produce, but
to collect it in equal proportions on both kinds of timber.
He added, that he did not propose to make the duty take
effect instantly, but to fix a future day for its commencement.
Mr. Alderman THOMPSON desired a few days' delay in
order to give time for the consideration of this plan at the
outports. He wished the relative position of the colonial
and the Baltic timber trades to remain the same.

Mr. LABOUCH ERE expressed his conviction that any other
course than that which Government had selected, of impos-
ing the new duty in equal proportions, would have occa-
sioned an actual loss of revenue by a total exclusion of the
Baltic timber.

Mr. 'WARBURTON concurred in that view. The object
here was revenue, not protection. The relative position of
the two trades was left as before, for the inferential duty
remained the same.

Mr. HuTT concurred in the views of the Chancellor of the
Exchequr ; so did Mr. VILLIERS, who expressed an intention
of bringing the whole question before the house on a future
day, with a view to equalize the entire duty.
The CHANCELLOR of the ExcxEctutu. said that he was
willing to give time for the passing of the hill, but that he
could not postpone the day on which the duties should come
into operation.
Mr. HAwEs approved the proposed equalization• of the
new duties. _ . _

After some repetitions by several of the speakers before-
mentioned, the resolution was passed.

A series of estimates were then moved in committee of
supply by Mr. ROBERT GORDON, now one of the secretaries
of the treasury. Among these estimates were the whole of
those which arc called the Irish miscellaneous. Just as these
were finished, Mr. Serjeant JACKSON entered, and Said,. that
having been absent but a few minutes, he was not a little
surprised to find that the business had been all hurried'
through in that short interval. He gave notice that he
should tAe the opportunity of the report to discuss several
of these estimates. While he was speaking, Lord MORPETH
entered, amidst a general laugh that the 'lrish estimates
should have been voted in the absence of the Irish secretary.
Colonel SIBTHORP animadverted on this anomaly, and said
he had intended to propose a reduction in the Irish secretary's
salary; to which Lord MORPETH, answered, that he had at
first regretted his non-arrival in time for these estimates, but
that his absence now turned out to have been only what
delicacy would have dictated to him when a discussion was to
arise on his own stipend. And Lord JOHN RUSSELL added,
that when ministers had been so fortunate as to pass their
estimates without opposition, they could hardly be expected
to propose them over again for the purpose of letting in
objections.
The other orders of the day were then disposed of, and the
house adjourned till half-past one on Saturday.

HOUSE OF LORDS.—SATURDAY. }•.l •
Lord Chief Justice DENMAN presided for the Lord Chan-
cellor.

The Grand Jury Cess (Ireland) Bill, the Customs; &c.,
Duties Bill, and several other bills, were brought from the
Commons; they were read the-first time, and the:Grand Jury
Cess (L•eland) Bill was ordered to be read the second time
on Friday.
Some other bills having been forwartle&a stage, their lord-
ships adjourned till Thursday next.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.-SATURDAY.

After i;;;ifii.—ORITJTIIEad moved the adjournment of the
house till. Wednesday next,
Sir Ci.'SliveLA In oompl.;nod of tho " dovenly manner" in•
which the.public business had been performed, and said that;
after the recess, he should call attention to the subject.,
Mr. KELLY deferred his motion, for leave to bring in 4,bilt
to abolish capital punishments in all cases but murder. and
high treason, until Tuesday, the 23d instant.
Mr.,EwART postponed till the same day his motion for a
resolution declaratory of the expediency of reducing the"
duties on sugar and coffee.
The SOLICITOR-GENERAL for Ireland brought in the Qua-
lification of Voters (Ireland). Bill. 'lt was read the first time,
and ordered to be printed. .1 ,
The report of the committee of ways and means was pre-
sented, containing the resolution regarding the timber duties.
It was xead, agreed to, and a bill ordered• accordingly.
The house then adjourned till Wednesday.

THE MURDER OF LORD WILLIAM RUSSELL.

(From the Horning Herald of yesterday.)

On Saturday the following printed handbill was left at the
shops of most of the silversmiths and pawnbrokers in and
round the metropolis :
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD.

" TO PAWNBROKERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND OTHERS.

" Missing, from the house of the late Lord William Rus-
sell, No. 14, Norfolk-street, Park-lane, supposed to have
been disposed of between the 24th of April and the sth of
May last, the following articles :—Four silver tablespoons,
old fashioned, with slight narrow stems, two of them are a
little thicker than the others ; four silver dessert-spoons,
plain stems, with double thread down the handles, front and
back ; four silver dinner-forks, plain stems ; two silver tea-
spoons, plain stems, with double thread down the handles,
front and back. The whole marked with a crest, a goat
walking. Whoever will give such information as will lead
the discovery and production of the above articles, or any
portion of them, shall receive the above reware on applica-
tion to Messrs. Wing and Twining, Solicitors, No.l, Gray's
Inn-square, Holborn."
The valet Francois Benjamin Courvoisier, we understand,
maintains, since his incarceration in Newgate, the most per-
fect composure and self-possession. He enjoys good health,
and whenever spoken to on the subject of the murder of the
late Lord William Russell, is most earnest in his declaration
of innocence. He has one of the turnkeys in the apartment
in which he is confined, with him day and night, and al-
though a most strict watch has been kept over him no ap-
pearance of disturbed dreams have been discovered, his sleep
being perfectly calm and sound. He has been visited since
his committal to Newgate by the Swiss clergyman, on whose
ministry since his residence in this country he has been in
the habit of attending ; and Mr. Flower, his solicitor, has
been permitted to see him.

The next sessions of the Central Criminal Court commence
on Monday, the 15th inst.
Sarah Mancel and Mary Houston, the housemaid and
cook, are still staying at the house in Norfolk-street, as are
also Inspector Tedman of the D division, and Serjeant Pul-
lin of the C division, who will remain in charge of the pre-
mises until after the termination of the trial. The former
accompanies the two females whenever they go out on busi-
ness or for health.

FASHIONS FOR JUNE.

(From the " London and Paris Ladies' Magazine of

Fashion.")

The newest materials at this moment for dresses are the
mousseline prairie, organdys in small patterns, gaze barige,
and batiste barege ecossaise. Lilac is a colour much in fa-
vour, and predominates both in dresses, bonnets and scarfs.
Tight sleeves may be considered among the changes this
season, though they encounter some opposition, and are
only suitable to thick materials; they are sometimes a l'Ama••
dis, with two seams, or cut biais with a single seam, taking
the form of the arm, having some plaits at the arm-hole ;
others are quite plain with jockeys. Corsages will continue
fitted to the shape, with three coutures, a row of buttons
placed en V on two of the seams, the skirts open en redingote
buttoning down the front, or ornamented with gimp trim-
mings in Grecian or Arabic patterns, noeuds, tassels, &c.,
these are for dresses of stout materials. For poils de chevre,
s
fancy checks, &c., the trimmings will be generally of baias,
occasionally with flounces, but always in threes, fives, or
snk
Peignoirsee drfeogrsensega Irieg enai
making
trimmed
Pariswith
embroidered
two
iodre
rthreeti
frills.ev es .
N
a
la Polonaisewith •
silk or braid. Spencers and c• .annezous are
very fashionable.
Lace and embroidery will be very gene-
rally used. Scarfs, shawls,
lined with lilac,. hornous. of clear muslin are
pink, or paille silk, and trimmed with lace.
The most elegant bou riiotlis are of white cachemire, em-
broidered in colours, with
Small mantes Louis
xVnge to match.
are made of black lace lined in
every shade of colour, but
a flat bouillon. Scarfs of white
violet, trimmed with
white filet are also worn, lined
and trimmed with fringe ; they are also
fashionable of foulari
damagre, deep blue, myrtle narron of taffetas in all colours,
with a plaid or chine border.
There is great variety observable in bonnets ; we have
pailles de riz, leghorns and capotes
ofi
(rape,intermixed
with bands of straw, capotes of crape lisse, l ,
illionne
capotes of shaded crape, with black veils.o Crapeu es,
much used, apple-green ornamented with lilacs, is very
colour with violets, pearl gray with bleu Louis ; laceapricot is
ad-
missible in every form and style. Painlilac e and green are
the favourite colours.
Paille de riz bonnets are of a more open form than others,
and have wreaths of flowers without feuillage ; some bonnets
are composed entirely of lace, lined with lilac or pink gauze,
and ornamented with wild flowers; capotes a coulises of
crape are very numerous, and some bonnets have appeared in
Paris of clear organdy embroidered in coloured silks or
worsted, in small wreaths, taking the form of the front, the
ribbons to match, or nceuds of organdy similarly embroidered.
Dark ribbons are fashionable for straw bonnets ; many have
plaid velvet ribbon, in broches ribbons ; lilac and green are
those preferred.
Coral continues very fashionable in Paris, in cameos,
beads, or seed.

It is said that in a single pawnbroker's shop in the town of
Bradford, there arc no less than one hundred thousand
pledges. The labouring portion of the population have al-
most all been obliged to have recourse to the pawnbrokers'
assistance.
