THE MAGAZINES.

What makes the present state of Ireland and the de-
mocratic spirit of its inhabitants altogether unpardonable,
is the extreme indulgence and liberality with which for
the last fifty years they have been treated by this coun-
try. During the whole war, Ireland paid neither income
tax nor assessed taxes; and the sum thus made a present
of by England to her people amounted at the very lowest
calculation to fifty millions sterling. She shared in the
full benefit of the war, in consequence of the immense ex-
tent of the demand for agricultural produce which its ex-
penditure occasioned, without feeling any of the burdens
which neutralized its extension in this country. No
poor's rates are levied on her landholders : in other words,
they are levied on England and Scotland instead ; and
this island is, in consequence, overwhelmed by a mass of
\indigence created in the neighbourinc, kingdom, but
which British indulgence has relieved them from the ne-
cessity of maintaining. The amount of the sums annu-
ally paid by the Parliament of Great Britain to objects
of charity and utility in Ireland almost exceeds belief,
and is at least five times greater than all directed to the
same objects in both the other parts of the empire taken
together. Yet with all their good deeds, past, present,
and to come, Ireland is the most discontented part of the
united kingdom. She is incessantly crying out against
her benefactor, and recurring to old oppression rendered
necessary by her passions, instead of present benefactions,
of which her democratic population have proved them-
selves unworthy by their ingratitude. Notwithstanding,
all the efforts of her demagogues to distract the country
and to counteract all the liberality and beneficence of the
English Government, Ireland has advanced with greater
rapidity in industry, wealth, and all the real sources of
happiness, during the last thirty years, than any other
part of the empire. Since the union she has made a start,
both in agricultural and manufacturing industry, quite
unparalleled, and much greater than Scotland had made
during the first hundred years after her incorporation-
with the English dominions. It is quite evident, that i
the demagogues would let Ireland alone—if the wounds
in her political system were not kept continually open,
and the passions of the people incessantly inflamed by
her popular leaders, she would become as rich and pros-
perous as she is populous—that instead of a source of
weakness, she would become a pillar of strength to the
united empire—and instead of being overspread with the
most wretched and squalid population in Europe, she
might eventually boast of the most contented and happy.
The revenues of the church, against which so violent
an outcry has recently. been raised, have for long been
collected with unexampled forbearance by the Irish P ro-
testant clergy. From the papers laid before Parliament,
it appears, that, while the tithe, as collected by the Eng-
lish clergy, on an average amounts to a twentieth, that
drawn by the Irish hardly amounts to - a fortieth of the
produce. Recently the proportion has been daily grow-
ing smaller ; • and at last it has, in many parts of the
country, been totally destroyed. Individual cases of
harshness may have occurred, which are not surprising,
considering the long-continued vexations to which the
clergy have been exposed.by the Catholic tenantry; but,
upon the whole, their dues have been levied with a de-
gree of moderation of which the Christian church affords
few examples.
We' are decidedly friendly to a commutation of tithes,
and their imposition as a burden on the landlord directly ;
but we are so, because we are convinced it would amelio-
rate the condition of the clergy, not because there is the
slightest chance of its relieving the distresses or lighten-
ing the burdens of the cultivators. We would avoid the
unseemly spectacle of the parochial clergyman contend-
ing with his own flock, and relieve both parties from the
extremities to which they are now reduced—the one of
starving or levying their dues in kind—the other, of suf
fering their cattle to be distrained, or incurring the spi-
ritual censure of their Catholic director. We would put
an end to the disgraceful sale of distrained cattle, in which
an insulated clergyman, supported by the armed police
and the military, is to be seen on one side, and 50,000
infuriated Catholics on the other. But while, for the
sake of peace, and to avoid the painful collision which
now exists, we would strongly advocate a commutation
of tithes, nothing can be clearer, than that the condition
of the tenantry will, by such a hange, be rendered much
worse than before. Extravagantly high as rents now are
in most parts of Ireland, they would become still higher
if the. tithes were laid on the landlord, and no deduction
from his demands were permitted on the score of ti the to
the rector. The Irish landlords, or middlemen, will soon
let the farmers feel the difference between a lay and, an
ecclesiastical holder of the tithe. They will no longer
get off with a fortieth part of the produce in thatpay-
ment—a tenth will in general be rigidly exacted. What-
ever is done with the tithe—whether it is given to the
landlord, and he is bound to pay the clergyman—or the
state, and they undertake the maintenance of the church—
the existing burden on the cultivator will be greatly aug-
mented. The owner of the soil may be benefited by the
change ; but the farmer who holds of him unquestionably
will not. The example of Scotland is decisive on this
point. Two hundred years ago, the tithes of that coun-
try were commuted with admirable wisdom by Charles I,
and the consequence has been, that although the vexation
of collecting tithe in kind, and the animosity between
the clergyman and the tenantry, have thus ceased, the
burdens on the latter have been considerably augmented.
The Scotch farmer now pays much more for rent alone
than the English does for rent and tithe together.
The overwhelming mendicity and redundant population
of Ireland is by,no means an insurmountable evil. Scot•
land, at the close of the seventeenth century, was over-
run by 200,000 beggars, who set all law at defiance, and
lived at free quarters, on the . industrious poor in every
quarter ; but this immense mass of mendicity, amounting
to about a fifth of the whole population of the country at
that time, has long since disappeared, and the condition
of her labouring classes become the object of envy to the
surrounding states. The resources, both agricultural and
commercial, of Ireland, are immense.

[Here follow details illustrative of these resources.]
What is it, then, which retains in such an abject state
of misery a country so prodigally gifted by nature, and
so indulgently treated by Government ? How has it
happened that Ireland, so kindly cherished by Great
Britain for the last half century, almost without taxa-
tion, certainly without any, of the burdens which at the

same period have overwhelmed British industry, I
deplorable a state—that, abounding in agriC
riches, its people should so often be starving—d
every advantage for manufacturers, its industry
in so many quarters be languishing—and beg
the finest fisheries in Europe, it should derive cd,
tively nothing from that inexhaustible source of II
The Irish have an answer ready ; they say it iS
vernment. We agree with them ;it is niisgoverl
but it is not the misgovernment of England, but
own factious demagogues, which has occasioned
misery; and if it is in a worse state than ever nov
not because, under our Whig rulers, they have bi
harshly, but too leniently treated ; it is not becati
vernment has been too rigorous, but because it
undue concession, been dissolved.

In truth, if the matter be considered dispassion
it must occur to every man of historical informatie
the vulgar theory which ascribes all the miseries,
land to English conquest is totally unfounded.
is no doubt a province of a great empire; but so
Scotland, Hanover, and Canada ; and yet all these.
tries, so far from being in miserable condition, are',
highest state of prosperity. Ireland was conquer6,l
centuries ago ; but so was England by the NOS'
Gaul by the Franks, and the North of Italy by the`
bards; and yet from the mixed population of the
and vanquished, has arisen all the wealth, prosr
and grandeur of those great countries. A living,.
rian of philosophic ability, [Guizot, Es.ais sun
tone de France], has justly traced to the severities
misery consequent for centuries on the Norman cOt"
the remote seeds of British freedom; and observe-11
those ages of national suffering were the most va,
ages which England has ever known. There must
been something more therefore, than the mere i
j
early subjugation, which is to be looked to as the' "
of Irish misery, something which has counteract",
this alone. of all other European states, the 11'J
powers of nature, and rendered the intermixture 'l,
ferent races, consequent on foreign conquest, the 5'
of so much benefit to other states, the predecessor
much wretchedness to that unhappy land.
This fundamental cause is to he found in the
tion of Ireland to a country possessing free instiolli
and the consequent and not unnatural extension
population of privileges which they were not car!,
bearing, and of passions whose excitation they cow
withstand.

For nearly two, hundred years, ever since the
cent labours of James 1., Ireland has enjoyed the
and been delivered over to the passions of a free •
She has had county elections, Parliaments, grand )
trial by jury, and all the other machinery which
grown in England during eight centuries froal
seeds of Saxon liberty. What has been the conseritt
During all that time she has been divided, distracts'
unhappy. Justice has been ill administered, or t'
denied; property unprotected and insecure; in'
without encouragement; wealth without employ'
the higher orders indolent, and in many cases corral
the lower violent, and too often abandoned. The
continuance and present extent of these disorders,
traced only to one source,—practical weakness, a'
efficiency of government; no strict or regular exec
of justice; a general dissolution of authority;
words, the abandonment of the virtuous and pas'
the profligate and the daring. This is exactly the
sent state of Ireland ; and it is under these evils '
has been labouring for three hundred years. \ill
medy is appropriate to the evil ? , Is it to be found
creasing the democratic spirit of the people ; the°
into an already ardent and excited population the
tional firebrand of political animosity ; and applyiat
nation, three-fourths of whom are little better th,
vages, the passions and the desires of popular am?''
Or is it to be found in a regular and a severe admit
tion of jastice ; a coercion of the lawless spirit an
travagant passions of the lower classes; a steady
unflinching repression of popular excitation; and
dual preparation of the nation, by the habits of
try, and the acquisition of property, for the mode
and self-controul indispensible for the safe dischar
the duties of a popular government.—Blackwood'S
gazine.

ELECTION JOKE.—When Mr. Bowes was canvassing
castle, he found one of the voters (a slater), on the P
house in Gateshead. Mr. Bowes called out to him, askio
for his vote; but John Bull, being a little of an humouri'
him that if he wanted any thing with him he must come,
ladder. He did so— and the slater, commending him
intrepidity, promised him his vote.
CAUTION TO PARISH OFFlCERS.—Overseers ought
ercise due precaution in the examination of, passes pre'.
to them by persons pretending to be discharged grisoir
forgeries are abroad. The acting overseer of Kirkby
dale last week had one offered to him by a person who
himself James Stewart. The typography being partic
slovenly, and the signatures of three or four of the ove
who appeared to have relieved the man, seeming to be
in one hand, suspicions were excited, and upon inquiries
made at Morpeth, where the man was said on the
the pass to have been discharged, the whole was discove
be a counterfeit, no prisoner of the name of James
having been liberated from the jail there, nor either
magistrates, whose names were subscribed to the pass be
existence. The man was in consequence committed tie
house of correction, as a vagrant; for three months, aIP
kept to hard labour; perhaps,. if he behaves himself, be,,
be furnished with real credentials for claimin relief fre7
overseers. A woman and , a boy were in his compao,
claimed relief as his wife and child, but seeing the disc
state of affairs, they made off. This is the second fore
this description which the same vigilant and intelligeot
seer has detected.— Westmorland Gazette.

APPOINTMENT OF SHERIFFS.

At,the Privy Council, on Tuesday, the following ge
were appointed Sheriffs for the present year :
Bedfordshire—George Pearse, of Harlin,,ton, Esq,
Berkshire—East George Clayton East, of'Hall-place, Esq.
Buchinghamshire—Charles Nowes, of Delaford-park, Esq. 4
Cambridge and Huntingdonshire—Denzel Onslow, of Great
ton, En.
Cheshs re—Postponed.
Cumberland—Henry Curwen, of Workington-hall, Esq.
Cornwall—Christopher Wallis Popham, of Antron-lodge, Esck
Derby—John Harrison, of Snelston-hall, Esq.
Deronshire—John Quicke, of Newton-house, Esq.
Dorsetshire—Richard Brouncker, of Beveridge, Esq.
Essex—Richard Birch Wolfe, of Woodhall in Arksden, Esq.
Gkeestershi re--Henry Elwes, of Colesbourn, Esq.
Herefimishire—Thomas Dunne, of Bircher, Esq.
Herybrdshire—George Jacob Bosanquet, of Broxbourn, Esti.
Kent—Demetrius Grevis James, of lghtham, Esq.
Leicestershire—John Mansfield, of Birstall, Esq.
Lincolnshire--Henry Dymoke, of ScriyelsbycourtrEsq.
, Monmouthshire—William Vaughan, of Court-field, Esq.
Norfolk—Sir W. B. Proctor, of Langley, Bart.
Northamptonshire--William Rose Rose, of Harleston, Esq.
NorthumberlamiL-Sir Edward Blackett, of Matfen, Bart.
Nottinghamshire--Sir T. W. White, of Wallingwells, Bart.
Oxfordshire—Sir George Dashwood, of Kirklington-park,. 13'
Butlandshire—John M. Wingfield, of Market-Overton, Esq.
Shropshire—Walter Moseley, of Buildwas, Esq.
Somersetshire—George Henry Carew, of Concomb-court,
Staffordshire—Thomas Kinnersley, of Clough-hall, Esq.
Southampton—Thomas Chamberlayne, of Cranbury, Esq.
Suffolk—Sir T. S. Gooch, of Benacre, Bart.
Surrey—Sir Henry Fletcher, of Ashley-park, Bart.
Sussex—Thomas Broadwood, of Beeding, Esq.
Warwick—Sir John Mordaunt, of Walton, Bart.
Wiltshire,-William Temple, of Bishopstrow, Esq.
Worcestershire—John Brown, of Lea-castle, Esq.
Yorkshire• William C. Maxwell, of Everingham, Esq.
NORTH WALES.
Montgomeryshire—John Jones, of Deythur, Esq.
Merionethshire—George Jonathan Scott, of Peniarthuchai 591
:eftigtesea—Charles Henry Evans, of Henblas, Esq.
Denbighshire—William Parry Yale, of Plas-y-Yale, Esq.
F/intAire--Williarn Thomas Ellis, of Cornist, Esq.
Carnaryonshire—David Price Downes, of Hendrerhysgethin,
SOUTH WALES.
Glamorganshi re—Richard T. Tuberrill, of •Ewenny-abbey,
Carmarthenshire--David Lewis, of Shadily, Esq.
Pembrokeshire—J. H. Phillips, of Williamston, -Esq.
Cardikanshire—William Owen, Brigstocke, of I3laenpont,
Breconshire--William,Henry West, of Beaufort, Esq
Radnorshire-,Walter Wilkins, of Mo.eslough-castle, En.

kikls arort.

lion Zion Owttc.

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY Bth, 1833.

PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
.puntp and N. J. Kempe, Liverpool, many
. and Worrall, Liverpool, and T. IL Wi
1.,.` 'aneiro, merchants.—J. Dodd and Son, Liv
rt_ ~.-11. and W. Lea, St. James's-street, Clerke;
a ,„-O. and R. lnnwood, Holyburn, Hampshire,
n'l,l CO., Little Chelsea, ale and table-beer 1
''B' jun., and R. Atkinson, jun., Hi ham am
;;,,,Vrolk, cattle-dealers.—W., E., and A. Sheratt,
q‘,"bakevs.—Hawksworth and Edley, Sheffield
'4.117. W. and 11. Gower, Tunbridge-town and P
• p„--J. Bowgin and Co., plumbers; as far as re;
fc.'"gin.—Goddard and Bibby, Birmingham, a
,\‘' 3,4 n, and W. Hackett, jun., Bilston, Statfords'
Llujj'',; Whitelock and B. W. Ilickling, Strand, h
Nr• uenston, Digbeth, in Birmingham, hatters.-
Liptelicster charcoal-dust-manufacturers.—Bryi
'Dublin, Curriers ; as far as regards R. Bryan a
I'u Finnigan, Ashton-under-Lyne, ootton-spin
ki t . t ICo.
as
Stocker
far
ro a
sn k
regardsas
ne ad o
cn
o,
A., .stoßirmingham,cker.Stocker.—Ede, Northumberland,
e.: Baeononumdf a
cm,
common
an'
` -south, West India-merchants ;as far as re;
lk INSOLVENT.
1tc..,8 ."-Gilbert Witt, Chenies-street, Bedford-sq

BANKRUPTCIES ANNULLED.
paird Crake?, Lombard-street, tobacconist.
'''l4 Brown, Tottenham-court-road, dealer in chit
BANKRUPTS.
I'4;l' Oreatorix, Albany-street, Regent's-Park, ha,
L, Leary, Parliament-street, surgeon.
!rt, liardcastle, West Smithfield, plumber.
4 u Woolfe Cohen, Dublin, and Bury-street,
C`u jeweller.
Itnlinson Jones, Shad-Thames, Southwark,
Joseph John Noel, Carey-street, Lincoln's-inn
„
"aed Hardiman, St. Dunstan's-hill, I
iris agents.
Ila,nnam, Chippenham, Wiltshire, carpenter.
Smith, Stoke-mills, Dorsetshire, miller.
L',." May, Chesterfield, Derbyshire, grocer.
Itir Barnard,
Birmingham, victualler.
Norwich, money-scrivener.
Edward• John Neep, Norwich, silversmith.
14111., Down, jun., Portsea, woollen-draper.
hti-,40x0n, jun., Southampton, chymist.
ester, Leeds, printer.
"'Lull), Stokes, Droitwich, Worcestershire, chand
DIVIDENDS.
40, t
J. Townsend, Castle-street, Holborn, dressin.
Qet---Mareh 1, J. Fisher, Regent-street, Marylel
C. Knight, Finsbury-place-south. drug,.
40 "/an, South-street, Chelsea, victualler.—March
hotel-keeper.—March 2, D. Britten, Breda,ll
rs-„,r)
12, s. Bird and J. Taylor, Bath, cabinet-m
Tentrrdcn, Kent, maltster.—March 7,
woollen-draper.—March 4, T. Taylor, Nott
•,h'"-March 4, P. C. and J. B. Fleischmann, Birni
tr'Lllarchs, R. Pearce, and A,Aarrack, Penzat
‘,4t
• - -

1(1'I :
'CATES to be granted, unless cause be shev
l' trary on or before the lst day of March.
h.*
Giant, Jermyn-street, St. James's, and Grosvenb
ak--W. Hulme, Manchester, draper.—C. B. Wilsc
,'. scrivener.—T. Lockwood, Huddersfield, wb
! en, Belfast, Antrim, provision-merchant.—A. 1
nssezc, rope-maker.—G. Williams, Henrietta-si
idlging..house-keeper.—J. Frank, Clark's-place
n,linen-draper.--J, Kirkpatrick, Clithero, Lan
, t--S. Farden, Gutter-lane, dealer.

l'lt.torrrH, Feb. 2.—Arrived, the Brazilian ship
4 F. do Santo Carvao, '23 days from Ope
, '4g down the Douro, she was becalmed near I
nies, and had several shots fired into her b v
feu„ killed, had her hull and mainsail piercy ec
1' rigging carried away. She, however, ct
ea breeze sprung up, and is come in here to
tinew anchors, &c., when she will again j
b 43.—It was the Captain's intention to hai
il (said to be disaffected) at the mouth o
tiot the wind blown him off the coast.
- •

11,11 t 13A; —On Thursday last F. H. Goldsmi,
,
-to the. Bar, by the Honorable Society of L
j'aldsmid b a
eing of
gentleman of that creed having I
„It, a Speci
ed on Wednesday last to co ground
Council of the Benchers of I
thewhe
" religious tenets formed any gf
admitted to the degree of a Barrister. The
4erollsly attended, and the Speaker of the 11(
I swas in the chair ; and, of ter considering, o
ilouncil was unanimously of opinion that
tat to be called to the far, and on Thurs
draid appeared in Lincoln's Hall, and,
Ohs of Alleoance and Supremacy, was call,
Testament,
Lancelot Shadwell. Mr. Goldsmid was
testament, but did not put on his hat, as i
; 7.4
q his religious creed when they take an oa
.41.

rtil INFANT COMMITTED TO YORK CASTLE.—
ris(1(1 deal of late about cleansing a certain A
40ily it stood in need of cleansing—but the .1
I,ts work
.yet. Will it be believed, in these d
-ctssaster is abroad, and when infant slavery
ftletat
, reprobation that innocent imprisonm,
according to the law of our highest (
11,,a Court of Equity? This morning the idea
clerk to Messrs. Dressers and Co., bas
YdeLt in Yok in the custody of a bailiff, it hay
" toCastle for CONTEMPT of the High C
OrkrCas
itii;,; This great offender is twelve weeks old, ,
i1D,,71;y its mother to give it the breast. Severe
iiii .`ect the orthodoxy of the doctrine of origii
4g to infants, but we believe that there N
1 ol°4 one either mad enough or bigoted enou
Qfl capable of actual transgression. What wou
li;lts think of this beautiful illustration of
o•--York Herald.
qII°CKING OCCURRENCE.—On Friday, betv
tiroO, afternoon, a man accosted a female on th
to,,te, (Perth), and requested her to hold his ha
back. He immediately threw himself o
kiti; one of into the river below. In his fall h
cee cr
I. the abutments, in consequen of
~e fractured—one of them in two places. Fro
aft the river was uncommonly low, and the
.p
4'48 nearly dry. Some baker lads, belongin
koed the river from that side, and brought the
pttl--for life was almost extinct when they a
Sit`cheil man—and in less than two minutes
Besides the injuries above-mentioned hi
Ltti;'ead, and his spine was broken. His a.
ke 'ales and his trade that of a ropemaker.
lipt!orth‘country, and had applied for work in
4Od it.—Perth Courier.
4.1
1Ih: OTHER FATAL OCCURRENCE FROM PLAYII
B.—An inquest was held at Bridgewater
kt:kbeth Perrett, servant to Mr. Harding, of
vtleased, who was cook, was sweeping her n
14(11 George Brewer, the man-servant, came i
16 lag a gun in his hand. The deceased I
.ett go out until she had cleaned her kitch
Vlr,et"tej pointed the gun at her. It immediate
er unfortunate girl dead on the spot, all t
head being literally shattered to pieces.
ciea George Harding had told Brewer a fem
ttle;tl his gun, which was a double-barrelled o
chaZ directions, Mr. Harding went i▪
nto the
341;641 one of the barrels at a small bi▪
rd, ant
fro
rwe hence:
desire.—Verdict,
littlere boy,_ v e r
dinephewc t, 1
,n) With the other barrel loaded, on a table
grsh.tetrlaa
Tu a been committed to take his trial.—Bat
~11„11ULENT OPERATlVES,—Yesteyday.the
Ii
ser,,"ners assembled at the Bank, in this tow
o h.. 3 esi .
of Latid in a menacing manner, and proceed
Ac elderse weavers of Mr. Green, stuff-manufa
nol to his terms, and compelled them,
tliev-"ce, to return their work in an unlinishi
nosflaNui
shpt manifested, any reluctance to accede to th
.?.re the wed with violence from the looi
Lo wa-hl.aey treated in the same manner, they
nioeit`u„a considerable number of Mr. Gree
kiiree-nl, in the front of the mob,. carrying,
this ',house, the rest following, with
.shout
`lt th,,e'''ry obtained over law and justice, ai
clada: operative and capitalist. Mr. Greei
tor thtlger his person or property, yielded t.o m
sub-committee of the Union, and inqu
I- demands. He was told that he must p
qty Lfor the weaving of 46 hanks as he had
hanks. He remonstrated in van
temis': they were inexorable, and refused
ltijoi°4ll.;__indeeciltalpur.
IGerr.een, , rather than risk
to Pot in hazard both his person and his
litirt?'„v„e them all that was demanded. Th
a st..-""Y ended, for it cannot really end in th
41—'fretc, of things cannot be endured in a cou

. '.. -
_ . ... .
~
. THE LIVERPO
..,_. . _ . . .._
... _,„ . .........._....... ... ...„.......
rind have overwhelmed British industry, iftarkttO.
le a state-that, abounding in agri. EOlibon Gillette•
is people should so often be starving,, There has again been a steady d 0 mand for SUGAR, and for
[vantage for manufacturers, its industry FRIDAY, FEBRUARY Bth, 1833. middling and qualities, which are scarce, an advance of
any quarters be languishing-and beg' 6d. Is. ,41 cwt. has been obtained; in other descriptions there
t fisheries in Europe, it should derive c, is not any alteration; the sales consist of 700 hhds. B. P., and
)thing from that inexhaustible source of PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
1100 bags East India at 595. 6d. 60s. for good to fine white
T ii. Worrall and Co-, [i have an answer ready ; they say it is I
. ...eo4.ll:lnr pson and N.J. terrnzpea,
andLiverpool,_. manufacturing chy-
HafilT !rre'brewers.-I. S. Bengal, and 655. 6d. for fine white Burdwan. In Mauritius or
t. We agree with them ;it is misgover' Foreign the transactions are not worthy of notice.-In
'' knetirano,dmNeVrcChant's.-IJ.e foo?Id and Son, Liverpool, papneer-
aot the misgovernment of England, but , , :',..7.. and W. Lea, SL James's-street, Crkenrawelteersngi
J-.
food
dLAssEs no sales have been effected-There has been a
demand for Plantation COFFEE, and the sales amount to
ions demagogues, which has occasioned and R. lnnwood, Holyburn,
j..un., Hi'ham and Stratford St. 360 casks Jamaica, at an advance on nearly all qualities of 2s.
'' tun ,and R. Atkinson,
`wl Co Little Chelsea, ale and table- >cc
and if it is in a worse state than ever neft Sheratt, Cheadle, Staf- t cwt In Foreign there are not any sales to report.-In
';%,eboik, cattle-dealers.-W.,
and P
'EndldeyA,•Sheffield, joiners' tool-
use, under our Whig rulers, they have 0" a.l.4irs. .a-nr 1a1w..1(
Gower,
sw
Tunbridge-town'and Peu7,FKent. OCCA; GINGER, or PEPPER nothing has been done, but 350
but too leniently treated sit is not becat _plumber!; afas regards and bags PIMENTO have been disposed of at 412 d. e 41d. ae tb.-
t has been too rigorous, but because it ~ k --J. Bow and Co.,
Birmingham, merchants.-T. The business in RICE is confined to 400 bags Bengal, at the
rncess been dissolved. ,k
-Goddard and Bibby,
mv.Rin,. and W. Hackett, A% ~B ilston Staffordshire, book-sel- quotations.-Good and fine Hum continues in request, but the
I. W. Ilickling, Strand, haberdashers.- stock of Jamaica consists chiefly of ordinary and middling
th, if the matter be considered dispassiorßirmingham, hatters.-T. Reyes and in.
unsaleable ; about 180 puns. have been
1 • benston,Digbeth, qualities which are very
14: Whitelock and
scar to every man of historical informatia' ,[4,l),Asinter,nerrhicierrcso.al-dust-manufacturers.-Bryan, Price, and .
, as far as regards R. Bryan and 11. Price.-
miseries theory which ascribes all the miseries d 414 F.in;i6ran, Ashion-onaeuyzaetton-spoinunie3rres.-eErs.. Sin IsTosed o
-f at formertg prices.
er has occurred in East India, but
A-. furtherarrivals of Spanish are reported.- Bengal SAFFLOWER,
nglish conquest is totally unfounded. 1 , se.9:, Monksea.toT.th toy
tbt a province of a great empire; but so Birmingham,m macZamcturers wof patent of good quality, has been sold at £7 Wocw_t.:.iin bond.-d Illfveewr
til, Stocker
as and Co.,
regards A. Stocker.-Ede, Bond, and Pearse, Fins- I. +
c.esus of LAc DYE, W. H. mark, at lald _ , ' fl•
Hanover, and Canada ; and tall
ye these,
l' e-south, West India-merchants ;as far as regards J. Ede. COCHINEAL at 7s.
Far from being in miserable condition, are' . _ INSOLVENT.Bd. #l' lb. duty paid.-SHELL SHELL LAC.-The
public sale of 78 chests went rather lower for the finer qualities,
°"•-G filbert Fitt, Chmiddling sorts supported the previous currency.-Ex-
ate of prosperity. Ireland was conquered '. t, Bedford-square, cheese- w
for TINCAL 38 casks
tremely high prices have been obtained . ,
hilst the
ago ; but so was England by the Nor° BANKRUPTCIES ANNULLED.
having brought 85s. 6d. e 89s. .1:1 cwt. in bond.-SALTPETRE.
he Franks, and the North of Italy the ."Croker, Lombard-street, tobacconist. .
-The business is still limited, and not more than 400 bags are
id yet from the mixed population 'of bythe fJ 4 Brown, Tottenham-court-road, dealer in china.
reported, at 31s. e 355. if cwt. The public sales of FUSTIC
wished, has arisen all the wealth, pros'. BANKRUPTS, have gone off with spirit, and at higher prices; for 150 tons of
ear of those great countries. A living ~ r
' "As Greatorix, Albany-street, Re,,,ent's- ark, hay-salesman.
, 'el Leary, Parliament-street, surgeon. Ceara £8 e £8 2s. 6d. was obtained, and £6 e £6 15s. for 250
tons of Spanish.-Campeachy LoGWOoD has declined ss. hilosophic ability, [Guizot, Ea'ais sur f „'ll Rardcastle, West Smithfield, plumber.
ranee], has kistly traced to the severities
•sA
r Woolfe Cohen, Dublin, and Bury-street, St. Mary-axe, ton, 300 tons having been sold at £7 12s. 6d. e £7 155.; a
jeweller. few tons of Rio de la Hache NICARAGUA WOOD brought £l7
isequent for centuries on the Norman con' •laai, Ranson Jones, Shad-Thames, Southwark, lighterman.
e seeds of British freedom; and observe'
i 4 h J
Ika:(leNc
ill.ohn Noel, Carey-street, Lincoln's-inn, scrivener. of
ss. and 3U tons of ordinary Lima about £2O dj)' ton ; 100 tons
Hardiman, St. Dunstan's-hill, Lower Thames-
s of national suffering were the most Val ' eultitiercialluagents. CAsiwooo, offered. yesterday, were
Twhithdriaswan,toltyhelrys
expeCting to come in at lower rates- ere
•-i England has ever known. There must (.. t,shire,.carpenter. 1 d and for Montreal POT ASHES, and 400 to 250 brls.
regu ar em
Ilannarn, Chippenham, Wil
f *Smith Stoke-mills, Dorsetshire, miller. have changed hands at 255. 6d. for first sorts, and 2.25. 225.
!thing more, therefore, than the mere' '\‘%May,'Chesterfield, Derbyshire, grocer. 6d, for second; of Pearl Ashes, 60 or 70 brls. only sold, at
igation, which is to be looked to as the , , . Earee, Birmingtham, victualler. 275. 6d. € 28s. for first sort of Montreal. No sales effected
asery, something which has counteracted' is in States' Ashes.-The demand for TURPENTINE .is very
Barnard, Norwich, money-serivener. .
11.,41 Edward-John Neep, Norwich, silversmith,
. of all other European states, the 11', „,'ssa; Down, jun., Portsea, woollen-dtaper. limited, and holders who have refused to accept. our quotations, have been obliged to store the parcels which t.ley lately
nature, and rendered the intermixture 0' '
ihttvolstoxon, jun., Southampton; ehymist
.cls, printer.
s, consequent on foreign conquest, the ' 'i4Qin Stokes, Droitwich, Worcestershire, chandler. brought forward; 1,050 b,
ls. were offered on
and have
6d. being the highest bid, they were withdrawn, .
1 benefit to other states, the predecessor ' DIVIDENDS. been stored; there are, theretore, no sales to communicate.-
chedness to that unhappy land,American TAR maintains the relatively high price of 14s. 6d.
idamental cause is to be found in the al'• '
~,e,!l I, J. Townsend,. Castle-street, Holborn, dres.sing-case-manu-
r-Mareh 1, J. Fisher, Regent-street, Maryleb.one,
_haat:cc-LT, brl at which rate 100 brls. have been sold; but for a cargo
h ris price" would not be given.-FLAxsEED for sowing is in
land to a country possessing free institid J. C. Fctieslbsterary,
rieltac:ilseoru. thiladrrygts,t. 'AI
nsequent and not unnatural extension t`' d,Brookes,p.
ae
k c.
r . request,• 224 hhds. of old New Yolic. sold at 71s. 6d. 735..
of privileges which they were not ear 3 '4l, hotel-keeper.-March 2, D. Britten, Breda,lll4ollTa-n.
':,pirl2, J. S. Bird and J. Taylor, Bath, c7iiainreekTalicter;.l-us.trlanrrceh 250 hhds, of new ditto at 81s. 82s. and 2U hhds.u. atcBL2osv.
E6idt_
ad of passions whose excitation they ail ),
wkriziri6T_edurtraprearco,Aternet, l
h 4, T. Taylor, Nottingham, 'boot:. below which latter price none can now b
SEED has been enquired for, and 70 tees. Americanu red, of
--March 4, P. C. and J. B. Fleischmann, Birmingham, mer- fair quality,. were taken on speculation at 705., in consequence
ly two, hundred years, ever since the b,
~;Z-t:Uarchs, R. Pearce, and A_•Marra.ck, Penzance, Cornwall, of no supplies being expected from the Unitedv S, tates.-No-
rs of James 1., Ireland has enjoyed the thing done in QUERCITRON BARK or BEES'. \ A X.- he demand
without alteration;,.. the
' f4•ICATES to be granted, unless cause be shown to the con- for Hums is limited, but prices remain
elivered over to the passions of a free • , trary do or before the Ist day of March. sales comprise 620 dry Angola Cow and Ox at 70. e /id.,
d county elections, Parliaments, grandJames's, and Grosvenbr place chair- 680 dry salted Brazil at 60., 250 salted New York at 4-Id., 126
j'..?rant, Jermyn-street, St.
drae .
try, and all the other machinery which Manchester,ak:ZivHenulrme,_ p r C. B. Wilson,- Red Lion- salted West India at 5% d. if' lb., and 1,040 dry Buenos Ayres
T Lockwood, liuddersfield, woolstapler.-W.
in England during eight centuries frovi lin. Belfast Antrim, provision-merchant.-A. Miller, Hermi- Horse at 7s. 4d.-each.-HORSE HA IR.-A few bales of Buenos
Kon liberty. What has been the conseqty ',l,„"asex, rope-maker.-G.Jan
Williams,'Z
Clark's-place,eetta-strefitiZsaaleet: Ayres, short mixed, sold at 6)0. Ip' lb.-No sales of Neutria
that time she has been divided, distract' ': nging-house-keeper. --or Chinchilli' Sims; and no transactions to report in OAK
-Linen-draper.-J, Kirkpatrick,
-erClithero,Laneashire, wine- BARK.-There has been a more limited demand for TOBACCO,
Justice has been ill administered, or tt ' rit.--S. Fsnfi'n, Gutter-lane, dealer. but without alteration in prices; the sales amount to 130 hhds.
operty unprotected and insecure ; ind ..
tucky for home trade; 10 of Virginia leaf, and 30 of stemmed
20Uragelnent ; wealth without employ'• ,
.tlmouri., Feb, 2,-Arrived, the Brazilian ship'Fluminense, for Ireland, and 15 of Kentucky leaf for exportation.
riders indolent, and in many cases corral, ''ll F. do Santo Carvao, 23 days from Oporto. 'When BRIMSTONE continues in fair request, and prices are without
olent, and too often abandoned. The ..14g down the Douro, she was becalmed near Don Miguel's
hes
and present extent of these disorders, 111 several shots fired into her, by which she lost alteration.-Sicily SUMAC has been more
.enquired for, and
upwards of 800 bags have been sold; the price now current for
'and
her hull and mainsail pierced, and main- this description is 14s. 4' cwt.; Verona and Trieste are not so
to one source,-practical weakness, a' ails,,rigging carried away. She, however, cut her cables, much in demand.-There continues to be a good enquiry for
government ; no strict or regular exec " a breeze sprung up, and is come in here to refit and pro-
a general dissolution of authority ; i
„_ • -n.'1,,,4ew anchors, &c., when she will again join Admiral Smyrna MADDER ROOTS, and sales have been made at a fur-
ther advance, with scarcely any offering below 60s. IV cwt..;
abandonment of the virtuous and pact h,"48.-It was the Captain's intention to have embarked
e and the daring. This is exactly tile i 40,(said be "'ell to disaffected) at the mouth of the Douro, for good French Roots 555. is obtained, but for ordinary quali-
ties there are sellers at 525: lf,' cwt.-No sales of consequence
' Ireland; and it is under these evils 1,
lit LbtAhe wind blown him off the coast.
have been made in MADDERS.-GUM SENEGAL has advanced
bouring for three hundred years. W, Got 4" u day last F. H. Goldsmid, Esq was to 70s. r' cwt.-The demand for OLIVE OIL has been limited,
' thue-BOarn bTyhthresHonorable Society of Lincoln's' Inn. but iu the absence of supplies of Galipoli, holders have obtained 7opriate to the evil ?,Isit to be found'' ; dsmid beim; of the Hebrew persuasion, and there being £6O for the few sales made, te quantity ()ffered at
.this
democratic spirit of the people ; thr° 4}l3stance of a gentleman of that creed having been called to rate is but small. A vessel justtartlythe arrivals
lailj&a b
large,
Ind idy ardent and excited population the na,r, a Special Council of the BenchersotLinlciorinolAisn onl tons.Of V
ut . A ONi
tons;A h atsrohmayle
at the sales by auction of four
ind of political animosity ; and applyirl . id on Wednesday lastci to consider whetherof amounting
parcels,they were all withdrawn for higher prices than buyers
e-fourths of whom are little better a , religiousadmitted
tenetso ground ob'ectio'n to his-
d the furme
ofaanyßrrister. The Council was were disposed to give.-The sales of SEAL OIL are about 50
assions and the desires of popular ambi' eroutsilittaetteteded, degreeand
dthe Speaker of the House of Com.- tons from the quay, at £26 for pale, £24 10s. to £25 for straw,
found in a regular and a severe admiv 11',Was l'n the chair ; and, after considering+ of the matter, and £23 10s. for brown; the latter description continuesnn very
!e ; a coercion of the lawless spirit an h`',ollncil was unanimously of opinion that Mr. Goldsmid scarce, and wanted.-Some business has been done. in C , OIL,
fissions of the lower to'''be calledto the 11and Thursday last Mr from the quay, at £25 10s.-PArm
classes; a stead)" ~i,
Lincoln'sar,l on OIL remains very steady at
repression of popular excitation; and 0 oailltilds appeared in
n r Inn
nn alc lall;vaas d having taken* the prices quoted.-Orr, of
TURPENTINE is dull of sale.-HEMP
uca'lledtothe Bar is offering rather lower.-In FLAX no sales.-The TALLOW
tion of the nation, by the habits of i
' B„;• LanocelAotilerandcweell. Mr. Goldgid was sworn on the market remains with little variation, and without much business
acquisition of property, for the mode ,Testament, but did not put on his hat, as is usual with doing.
roul indispensible for the safe discha '0,.,°1 his religious creed when they take an oath.-Morning
a popular government.-B/ackwoods ';'. LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET,
BthFebruary, 1833.
2, INFANT COMMITTED TO YORK CASTLE.-WC have heard
llllNlMlNlMMlSlNlMailialmeiMi..ffalsimemie......Ml rd deal of late about cleansing a certain Augean stable, There has been only a moderate demand for Cotton this week, and
OKE.-When Mr. Bowes was canvassing ile/rily it stood need of rather in favour of the buyer.
in cleansing-but the Broom has not the sales made are at prices .
id one of the voters (a slater) on the t believed, in these days, when the
(4:ivvork.yet. Will it be
. _.
t Monday Evening, Feb 11, 1833.
head. Mr. Bowes called out to him, askio h b'e .t Sales Saturday and to-day are
e., aster is abroad, and when zafar.d sl!tvery is esu )
_(.. The on 1,500 bags each, without al-
it John Bull, being a little of an humouri' ; ,41.`t,ral reprobation, that innocent imprisonment should. be teration in price.
wanted any thing with him he must come • It. 'a accordinq to the law of our highe.st_ Court, calling Arrived since Friday, 2 Charleston-I Orleans-and 1 Maranham.
1 so- and the slater, commending him I at,z Court of Equity? This morning the infant son of
.Mr.
raised him his vote. ),„"jell, clerk to Messrs. Dressers and Co., bankers,. Thirsk, ACCOUNT OF SALES AND IMPORTS OF COTTON,
PARISH OFFICERS.-Overseers t t! '" in York in the custody of a bailiff, it having been coin- From the 2nd instant, to this day inclusive.
ought '-ed to _
of the High Coma of Chau- IMPORTS.
aution in the examination of passes.pre ry ! , Kork Castle tolen. CONTEMPT 2 SALES. Current
sons pretending to be discharged jrnson iea
by s great Off
.O.er.ls plielve wee Several old and is accom-
Lbroad. The acting overseer of Kirkby ;pat divines have
its mother to give it the breast.. . thiseDaf. Day. Week this Year
DESCRIPTION. thisYeariWeek
lead one offered to hint by a person who ' 11,40 d. the orthodoxy of the doctrine of original sin apper-
Stewart. The typography being partic 1144 g to infants,
but we believe that there was never yet Sea Island. Georgia.... _
2120 300 ltd to 20d
he signatures of three or four of the ore ellmad enough or bivted enough to imagine Stained Ditto.
one either .. 400 2 0 61 -10 19889' 24141
37240 5440 65 - 71
) have relieved the man, seeming to be - De of u capable of actual transgression. 'hat would the y Upland Ditto
Alabama 6l - 75 ipicions were excited, and upon inquiries of, a think of this beautiful illustration of our Chancery Mobile
4 71 9242 14942
ath, where the man was said on the fa Yorks'- Herald. New Orleans 13740 2800 65 - 81
been discharged, the whole was distort el "CKING OCCURRENCE.-On Friday, between 3 and 4 Pernambuco 1 570) 1420 4_9)sa -- 94 1663 3047
t, no prisoner of the name of James .4?).elt afternoon, a man accosted a female on the centre of the Aricati it Ceara.
Bahia and Macaio 3760 640 71 -81 1800 )erated from the jail there, nor either . steei (Perth), and requested her to hold his hat till he should Maranham Bg -95 1 3347
ise names were subscribed to the pass be t: back. He immediately threw himself over the north Sawginned .} 3610 430 81 _Bl 1
man was in consequence committed ti it4Pet into the river below. In his fall he came in contact Mina.
ion, as a vagrant; for three months, arla et °lle of the abutments, in consequence of which his legs Para 9O 75 - 71
,our; perhaps,' if he behaves himself, lie in two places. From the previous
4 fractured-one of themB; Berbice l9O 30 8
Demerara - 104 130 228
Barbadoes 6O 71 - 8
,h real credentiaLs for claiming relief fro° 11,,,the river was uncommonly low, and the
.place where he 61 -85 , 106 491
Common West India 240
roman. and . a boy were in his cox:viol!, te_,as nearl d. Some baker lads, belonging to Bridg nd
~e r Bahama . 75 - 9
his wife and child but - the (1*•,; eu the river from that side and brought the body to the dry Carthagena.
I,seeing is Ild , 1100 6- 61
they made off. This is the second forge t
~,_--for life was almost extinct when they approached the Bourbon
Which the same vigilant and intellicrelit' 'lied ma din less than two minutes he breathed his
man-and Egyptian - 91
..
Westmorland Gazette. • Besides the injuries above-mentioned he was cut about Surat - 65
e h 8enga1...., 5O 45 - 5i 280
brieV, and his spine was broken. His name is said to be
. , POINTMENT OF SHERIFFS. 'a,and his trade thatof a ropemaker.. He belonged to dales,
4ort
, h country, and had applied for work in Perth but could
council, on Tuesday, the following gent?; gad it.-Perik Courier. .

council, on Tuesday, the following gent
iheriffs for the present year :--
eorge Pearse, of Harlington, F.sq,
George Clayton East, of Hall-place, Esq.
Clowes, of Delaford--park, Esq. runtingdonshire—Denzel Onslow, of Great 4,

t,ll INPANT COMMITTED TO YORK CASTLE.—WC have heard
,r'd deal of late about cleansing a certain Augean stable,
lOrily it stood in need of, cleansing—but the Broom has not
„ ',tB Work yet. Will it be believed, in these days, when the
44aaster is abroad, and when infant slavery is the subject
r.e,ileral reprobation, that innocent imprisonment should be
ed according to the law of our highest Court, calling
Court of Equity? This morning the infant son of Mr.
lred clerk to Messrs. Dressers and Co., bankers, Thirsk
in York in the custody of a bailiff, it having been cam-
,
I,to York Castle for CONTEMPT of the High Coun of Chau-
tpt,%This mother
giveroffende.is twelve weeks old, and is accom-
-4 ,hy its to it the breast. Several divines have
litice't the orthodoxy of the doctrine of original sin apper-
Qg to infants, but we believe that there was never yet
4 citle either mad enough or bigoted enough to imagine
Capable of actual transgression. 'What would the Dey of
4;411 think of this beautiful illustration of our Chancery
--York Herald.
ieri°cKlNG OCCURRENCE.—On Friday, between 3 and 4
hicick afternoon, a man accosted a female on the centre of the
()jet (Perth), and requested her to hold his hat till he should
back. He immediately threw himself over the north
bra into the river below. In his fall he came in contact
et. °au of the abutments, in consequence of which his legs
4,4 fractured—one of them in two places. From the previous
at river was uncommonly low, and the
.place where he
4:18 nearly dry. Some. baker lads, belonging to Bridgend,
he the river from that side, and brought the body to the dry
for life was almost extinct when they approached the
'hed man—and in less than two minutes he breathed his
ie bßesides the injuries above-mentioned he was cut about
beads and his spine was broken. His name is said to be
dales and his trade that of a ropemaker. He belonged to
t!orth`country, and had applied for work in Perth but could
Sad it.—Perih Courier.
,
,14; OTHER FATAL OCCURRENCE FROM PLAYING WITH FIRE,
e 4; •—.A.1.1 inquest was held at Bridgewater on the body of
Ittl4beth Perrett, servant to Mr. Harding, of that town. The
tile4sed, who was cook, was sweeping her master's kitchen,
limp George Brewer, the man-servant, came into the kitchen
IthttplS" a gun in his hand. The deceased told him he had
N' go out until she had cleaned her kitchen ; upon which
illqt,e,t` pointed the gun at her. It immediately went off, and
1.511;"ge unfortunate girl dead on the spot, all the upper part of
411. he being literally shattered to pieces. It appeared that
tlehQieorge Harding had told Brewer a few hours before to
three his gun, which was a double-barrelled one; after giving
cha directions Mr. Harding went into the town, and dis-
,
g•till,°'q. one of the barrels at a small bird, .and then placed the
40,4 With the other barrel loaded, on a table in the vestibule,
tip Brewer's
a little boy, nephew of Mrs. Harding, fetched it
is ewer's desire.—Verdict, Manslaughter against Brewer—
Is been committed to take his tnal.—Bath Herald.
Uit
,4114 i,„IIULENT OPERATIVES,—Yesterday the Irish stuff-weavers
here -`uers assembled at the Bank, in this town, in great num-
tf OM in a menacing manner, and proceeded. to the houses
aeeere weavers of Mr. Green, stuff-manufacturer, who had
i01,„e4 to his terms, and compelled them, under threats of
tileimee, to return their work in an unfinished state. Where
zuot manifested any reluctance to accede to these demands, the
Rohe „.I.°l'e the wea with violence from the loom. After having
;vhoit'„_a considerable number of Mr. Green's work people,
itait;9ey treated in the same manner, they compelled them
kzree-,'‘ In the front of the mob, carrying, their work to Mr.
this „rllB house, the rest following, with
.shouts of exultation at
Of th:,ctory obtained over law and justice, and the rights both
tlidah' operative and capitalist. Mr. Green, not willing to
tor ti'l`ger his person or property, yielded to mob law. He sent
s„e sUb-committee of the Union, and inquired the extent of
".eluands. He was told that he must pay his weavers as
mg 58
the weaving of 46 hanks as he had formerly paid for
'44l4'g P 8 hanks. He renionstrated in vain against the de-
le&sicu; they were inexorable, and refused to make any con-
Night-; and Mr. Green, rather than risk a contest which
to p.;'" Put in hazard both his person and his property, agree
Pore°„"v, them all that was demanded. Thus the matter up-
% st.,"Y ended, for it cannot really end in this manner. Such
1,1 r Qe
Ltheiendgispucpanern.ot be endured in a country pretending to

ned.
my Curwen, of Workington-hall, Esq.
opher Wallis Popham, of Antron-lodg,e,Esq•
.rrson, of Snelston-hall, Esq.
Quicke, of Newton-house, Esq.
lard Brouncker, of Beveridge, Esq.
lirch Wolfe, of Woodhall in Arksden, Esq.
enry Elves, of Colesbourn, Esq.
homas Dunne, of Bircher, Esq.
?orge Jacob Bosanquet, of Broxbourn, Esq•
Grevis James, of Ightham, Esq.
hn Mansfield, of Birstall, Esq.
rry Dymoke, of Scrivelsby-court, Esq.
Villiarn Vaughan, of Court-freld, Esq.
3. Proctor, of Langley, Bart
—William Rose Rose, of Harleston, Esq.
Sir Edward Blackett, of Matfen, Bart.
-Sir T. W. White, of Wallingwells, Bart.
3eorge Dashwood, of Kirklington-park,-
tra M. Wingfield, of Market-Overton, Esq.
r Moseley, of Buildwas, Esq.
urge Henry Carew, of Concomb-court, BO'
mass Kinnersley, of Clough-hall, Esq.
mas Chamberlayne, of Cranbury, Esq.
Gooch, of Benacre, Bart.
Fletcher, of Ashley-park, Bart.
roadwood, of Beeding, Esq.
n Mordaunt, of Walton, Bart.
1 Temple, of Bishopstrow, Esq.
hn Brown, of Lea-castle, Esq.
a C. Maxwell, of Everingham, Esq.
NORTH WALES.
John Jones, of Deythur, Esq..
orge Jonathan Scott, of Pernarthuchar r's 4.
Henry Evans, of Henblas, Esq.
lam Parry. Yale, of Plas-y-Yale, Esq.
1 Thomas Ellis, of Cornist, Esq.
mid Priee Downes, of Hendrerhysg,ethinr
SOUTH WALES.
A•
iehard T. Tubervill, of Ewenny-abbey, -P
lavid Lewis, of Shadny, Esq.
1. Phillips, of Williamson, Esq.
Liam Owen, Brigstocke, of Blaenpont,
g.
mHerny West,""of Beaufort, Esq,
Wilkins, of Maeslough-castle, Esq.
