SPEECH OF 'TIE GOVERNOR.

Gentlemen of the Council.
Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the Assembly.
I have called you together at an unusual season, to take
into your consideration the state of the Island under the laws
of apprenticeship for the labouring population. 1 need not
refer von ti the agitation on this subject throughout the Bri-
tish Empire, or to the discussions upon it in Parliament,
where the honourable efforts of the ministry were barely
found sufficient to preserve the original duration of the law,
as an obligation of national faith. I shall lay before you
some despatches on this subject. •
Gentlemen.—General agitation and parliamentary inter-•
ference have not, I ant afraid, yet terminated.
A corresponding excitement has been long going on among
the apprentices themselves, but still they have rested in sober
anH quirt hopes, relying on your generosity that you will
extend to them that boon which has been granted to their
class In other colonies.
Gentlemen of the Council,
• Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the Assembly,
In this posture of affairs it is mypluty to declare my senti-
ments, 411,1 distinctly to recommend to you the early and
-equal abolition of apprenticeship for all classes. 1 do so in
confidence that the apprentices wiil be found worthy of free-
dom, and that it will operate as a double blessing, by securing
also the future interests of the planters.
I am commanded, however, to inform you, that her Ma-
jesty's ministeii will not entertain any question; but should
your views be opposed to the policy I recommend, I would
entreat you to consider well how impracticable it will become
to carry on coercive labour—always difficult, it would in fu-
ture he in peril of constant comparison with other colonies
made free, and with those estates in this island made free by
individual proprietors.
As Governor under these circumstances—and I never
shrink from any of my responsibilities, I pronounce it physi-
cally impossible to maintain the apprenticeship with any hope
of successful agriculture.
Gentlemen of the Council,
Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the Assembly,
Jamaica is in your hands; she requires repose by the re-
moval of a law whirls has equally tormented the labourer and
disappointed the planter—a law by which man still constrains
man in unnatural servitude. This is her first exigency —for
her future welfare she appeals to your wisdom to legislate in
the spirit of the times, with liberality and benevolence to-
wards all classes.

LATEST NEWS FROM THE UNITED STATES.—By
the Great Western steamer, which left New York on
the 25th ultimo, and accomplished the passage to
Bristol in the unprecedently short space of twelve days
and twenty hours, we have received files of American
papers to the above date. Their contents are ex
tremely important. In the Courier and Enquirer of
June 25th we find the following relating to the affairs
of Canada :

CANADA.—We have much pleasure in transferring to our
columns, from the National Intelligencet, a message from the

President .to Congress, accompanied by a report (rem the
Secretary of War, on the subject of the:troubles oil the Ca-
nadian frontier.- They are couched in langtiage ivhich is un-
exceptionable in every respect. We.a:so annex an extract
from the Jefferson 'County Willy, published atSac`f;cts Bar-
hour, announcing the satisfactory. arrangements: making
there to prevent further infractions of our neutrality by the
predatory bands prOWling about the Lakes and the St.
Lawrence. '
There is one course in connexion with this subject which
we think ought to be strictly followed by our public authori-
ties, and that is to withdraw all countenance from any citizen
who may be found to have aided and abetted the disturbers

, of the public peace on the frontier. If we mistake not, how-
ever, very different has been the policy pursued. Mr,
Dorscheimer of Buffalo who has been recently appointed
Post Master at that place, was, if we are not misinformed,
one of McKenzie's bail, and at his house the first incendiary
meeting held there took place. The former Collector of the
Port of Buffalo who had distinguished himself by his exer-
tions to preserve our neutrality, has been removed, and the
person appointed in his stead was prominent at promoting
the collection of men at Navy Island. Many individuals
besides have received commissions in the militia in that part
of the country who were notoriously engaged in Van Rens-
selaer's proceedings. The impolicy, not to say injustice,
of thus giving the public patronage or honours, if they may
so called, to individuals who have encouraged a breach of the
public faith, is self-evident, yet we much fear a little popu-
larity will weigh snore in the estimation of our loco-foco
rulers, than theserious consequences which may attend a con-
tinuance of the disturbed state of our frontier.
When the United States have faithfully performed their
duty as a neutral power, whatever may be the future fate of
Canada, is to us a matter of comparative indifference. The
policy of the mother country towards her colonies appears to
us however, marked by the fatuity which has so often distin-
guished that department of her government What can be
inure absurd than to despatch an individual with some half
dozen councellors from Englaud, to regulate the concerns of
a distant and distracted country, with which'they can have
no intimate acquaintance? When we consider the various
elements of which society is composed, a ndhow essentially
they every where differ, one would supposeea long practical
experience and close observation, on the spot, were necessary
to come to a correct conclusion on the intricate questions
involved in the proposed enquiry. This however does not,
appear to be the opinion of the present administration of
England, and still less of my Lord Durham, who sets out
with a declaration that he will know nothing of things that
have passed before his arrival, or of parties even, loyal or
disaffected, English or French. Well, w•e wish his lordship
—rabid Loco Foco as he is—a good riddance of the difficult
task entrusted to him.
(From the National Intelligencer.)
IMPORTANT OFFICIAL PAPERS.
The following Message from the President of the United
Suites was communicated to the House of Representatives
on Wednesday last
To the House of Representatives of the United States :
I transmit, in compliance with a resolution of the House
of Representatives of the 11th instant, reports from the Se-
cretaries of State, Treasury, and War, with the documents
referred to by them respectfully. It will be seen that the
outrages committed on the steamboat Sir Robert Peel, under
the British flag within the waters of the United States, and
on the steamboat Telegraph, under the American flag, at
Brockville, in Upper Canada, have not`been followed by any
demand, by either government on the other, for redress.
These acts have been, so far, treated on each side as crimi-
nal offences committed within the jurisdiction of tribunals
competent to inquire into the facts, and to punish the persons
concerned in them. Investigations have been made, some of
the individuals inculpated have been arrested, and prosecu-
tions are in progress, the result of which cannot be doubtful.
The excited state of the public feeling on the borders of
Canada, on both sides of the line, has occasioued the most
painful anxiety to this Government. Every effort has been,
and will be made to prevent the success of the design ap-
parently formed, and in the course of execution, by Cana-
dians who have found a refuge within our territory, aided by
a few reckless persons of our own country, to involve the
nation in a war with a neighbouring and friendly power.
Such design cannot succeed while the two Governments
appreciate and confidently rely upon the good faith of each
other in the performance of their respective duties. With a
fixed determ►nation to use all the means in my power to put a
speedy and satisfactory termination to these border troubles,
1 have the most confident assurances of the cordial co-opera-
tion of the British authorities, at home and in North Ameri-
can possessions, in the accomplishment of a purpose so sin-
cerely and earnestly desired by the Governments and People
both of the United States and Great Britain.

M. VAN BUREN.

Washington, June 20, 1838.
A number of documents accompanied this Message, the
contents of which mq,,v be generally inferred from the mess-
age itself. The following report from the Secretary at War,
however, is of sufficient consequence to be separated }ruin the
rest for publication

Department of War, June 19, 18.38.
Sir,---In relation to so touch of the resolution of the House
of Representatives of the l lth instant, as has, by your direc-
tion, been referred to this Department, I have the honour to
state that, on the receipt of intelligence of the destruction of
the British steamer Sir Robert Peel, orders were immediate-

ly issued to the commanding Officer at Fort Niagara, to detach
a portio of his force to Sackett's Harbor; and, shortly after,
the d►sposable rec►uits at New York and Fort Monroe were
ordered, part to strengthen that post, part to Plattsburg, and
part to Swanton, on the Vermont frontier; at the same time,
measures were taken to employ a steamer, to be manned w►th
a competent military force, fur police purposes, on each of the
lakes Erie and Ontario.

The Department, having subsequently received infurma-

Lion, communicated by tine Governor of the State of New
York, that the disturbers of public order had taken refuge on
a portion of the Thousand Islands, situated within the juris-
diction of the United States, where they were collecting arms
and munitions of war, and engaged in fitting out hostile ex-
peditions against Canada, Major-Gen. Macomb was despat-
ched to Sackett's Harbor, to take the command of the forces
on the northern frontier, with instructions to take prompt
and vigorous measures to maintain our treaty stipulations,
and to execute the laws of the United States, and especialy
to lose no lime in directing operations against the lawless
;nen who, for the avowed purpose of committing depredations
upon the territory of a friendly Power, have stationed them-
selves on the islands in the river St. Lawrence. The General
has been since advised to station a guard of regulars at each
of the ferries on the river, and at each port of entry on the
lakes, in order to protect the persons and property of the sub-
jects of her Britannic Majesty from any further outrage; and
there is reason to believe, from the character and well-earned
reputation of that officer, that he will carry these instructions
into effect to the extent the limited force under his command
will permit, with promptness and energy.
With regard to " the concentration and movements of
foreign troops on the northern and northeastern frontiers of
the United States," the Department is not informed that the
regular troops of her Britannic Alajesty have, as yet, been
stationed along the frontier, as is believed to be the inten-
tion; that service appearing still to be performed by the
Volunteers and militia of Upper and Lower Canada—a force
estimated, by competent judges, at about twenty-five thou-
sand men. The regulars now in the Canadas are ten regi-
ments of the line, of six hundred and fifty men each, to be
carried up to fifteen regiments • two battalions of guards,
eight hundred and fifty men each; two regiments of cavalry,
each of three hundred men.

In New Brunswick and Nova Scotia, the regular force
consists of five regiments of the line, of six hundred and fifty
men each. It is presumed that the usual proportion of artil-
lery will be attached to the regular forces iu these colonies,
and iu the Canadas, making an aggregate regular force of
between fifteen and sixteen thousand men.
Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,
J. R. POINSETT.
To the President of the United Stites.
P.S. The accompanying extracts of letters received from
his excellency the Governor of New York, contain such in-
formation as ha.: been received by this Department on the
subject of the recent disturbances on the northern frontier.
Sacketts Harbour, June 20.
Our village has been recently visited by a number of dis-
tinguished individuals—Generals-Macomb, Braily, and other
military officers. Yesterday there arrived in the steamboat
Telegraph about 20X) regular troops, under the command of
Captains Guynn and I\l'eall, and others are soon expected
to roihm. The immediate causes of these military move-
ments are to suppress and capture the banditti headed by
William Johnson—protect the commerce of the Lake, and
River St. Lawrence—and to restore confidence and safety
to all the peaceable and quiet inhabitants residing near the
dividing line between the two governments.
An expedition or fiotilla consisting of steam and other
boats with an armed tome, will be shortly fitted out torthis
enterprise. This is as it should be, and it is believed that
the efforts will prove salutary for the future; but it is too
late to prevent the evils that are past—and true policy re-
quires that a military force should be kept on this frontier
sufficient to awe lawless desperadoes and- enforce the laws,
protect the lives and property of our citizens, and prevent
all violations of neutrality. Situated as we are on this fron-
tier, a natural catch-all for the desperate and lawless of both
countries—attracted there by the opportunities for plunder
and the facilities for eluding detection, by dodging the offi-
cers of justice among the islands and across the lines—
having no moral or religious restraint, and associating with
none but kindred spirits, whose only pride .and ambition is
to riot in degradation and self-abanuonment, they. are so per-
fectly destitute of every principle fitting them for good so-
ciety, that nothing can restrain them but the glitter of bayo-
nets—and we hope that wholesome restraints will not again
be removed from this section.

Correspondence of the Courier and Enquirer.
Buffalo, June 21, 1838.
Dear Si.r.--,The cars from the Falls are just in, bringing
the intelligence that a party of the corps of Lancers
stationed at the Short Hills, in Canada, about 15 or 20 miles
froth the Falls, and about 18 or 20 in number, were attacked last
night by a body of insurgents, several of the Lancers were
killed and wounded; and others taken prisoners. The num-
ber of the assailants I have not learned. The LancerS, in
small detachments, arc scattered all about this part of the
province, and I should not be surprised to learn that a sys-
tematic plan to cut them all off had been formed.

Notwithstanding the great number of regular troops iu the
Upper Province, to what there was some months ago, the
spirit of dissatisfaction is far from being suppressed; and
when you come to add to this feelings of revenge and des-
peration, I ant fearful that outbreaks will often occur.
Yours, &c., C.
(From the Courier and Enquirer of June 20.)
IMPORTANT FROM THE FRONTIER.

The AlbaniZteniny Journal states,v
on the authority Of
Mr. J. 'W. Turner, a deputy marshal at Oswego,.who arrived
at Albany on Monday, express from Lewistown, that the
Patriots Upper Canada have again made a rally on their
own soil—having, formed a camp in Long Swamp," (an
extensive marsh lying between Grand Island cud Chippewa
Creek) where they are now fortifying themselves. The
nucleus of this force was formed by refugees who crossed
over from the United States in parties of 20 or 30 at a time,
so as to evade British vigilance, but volunteers are said to be
flocking in to them from all quarters. The number en-
trenched when they were discovered is supposed to be from
200 to 400. The alarm was instantly given, and an express
sent off to Toronto for a regular force to extirpate them. This
news, says the Journal, is very vague—we believe it comes
by way of Toronto—but we think it may be substantially re-
lied upon. This evening's Western mail will either refute
or confirm it.

ANOTHER 'REPORT.—Extract from a letter from I'. C. H.
Brother, Esq. to a gentleman in this city, dated Queenstou,
14th .Tune,

"To-day the report is, that the patriots are kicking up an-
other muss with us. It is said that they crossed last night
below Lewiston, and are now in the forest between this and
St. Catharine."

Correspondence of the Argus.
Watertown, June 13, 1838.
Dear Sir,—We have nothing of importance in relation O.
the affairs of the frontier, save the fact just communicated to
tne, that this morning while the steamer Oneida was passing
Wells' Island, Johnson,'with four men, appeared in his
long boat, constructed in such a manner as to equal the speed

of, Get best st9nl-41s. Ile and bie men gave threte cheers.
It ivheatternpted to he tqttiriktnalf..§6lrd the steam-botf, 'but
was suppressed. Johnson then raised from his boat the.flag
oft he 114 Sir Robert 1, and a second time gave three cheers;
which
.was alsci.altempled to he returned by some on board
the steam-boat, but MIS in like manner suppressed.
Johnson then made.-off in hiS boat towards the Island. This
occurred uear.the spot where the Peel was burnt.
Johnson's retreat being upon Canadian Islands, and the
Speed of his boat surpassing every thing on the lake or river,
when seen, all 'efforts 'i.syet to take him have failed: He
states that he will not be taken alive; and that his fastness,
if not impregnable, will defy any force that can for some
time at least be brought against it.
M'Leod and Frey have been heard fro on their way to
Lewiston and the upper country.
Our militia, it cannot be expected, woul .be willing to go
upon Canadian ground, and attempt the ar est of these des-
perate men ; but we are hourly In the expectation of the ar-
rival of some regular troops. Colonel Cummings has arrived
here, and is awaiting the arrival of the troops; and signifies
his readiness to aid the civil officers in their efforts to arrest
these men at all hazards.
It was very gratifying intelligence to learn, that Judge
Cushman had concluded to hold our circuit, as we have now
rising of twenty prisoners in jail, awaiting their trial, besides
many on bail, and hourly expecting the arrest of more of the
individuals concerned in the burning of the Peel.
We learn from another correspondent, that an effort was
made on Friday evening week, to arrest iNPLeod .He was
known to have passed up the lake in disguise, stopping at
Sackett's Harbor, Oswego and Rochester. From the latter
place he proceeded by stage to Lockport. He was pursued
to Lockport by three officers of the government; but the
refugees at Lewistou had contrived to advise him by express
of his danger, and lie eluded their vonce. Tbe express
was arrested, and admitted the fact,../1
(From. the Courier and Blvd:VW of June 21st.)
BILL joriNsToisr-,-T-rig-Bccca NEEll.—The following letter,
descriptive of an interview witli'Liii.bliirate of the lakes, the
notorious Bill Johnston, shouldLbave been received some
days since, but will be read with none the less interest on
that account. There are certainly many points of romance
in his story, and he is by far the most " interesting" of the
vagabond marauders who have been so long agitating the
frontier. Bill Johnston seems to be actuated by a motive—
the desire of reYenge;, which places him above the Van
Rensselaers and the Sutherlands; who were induced to their
mad and absurd course by petty vanity and love of notoriety.
General Van Rensselaer, with his encampment on Navy
Island, and in his sash and epaulets, .making war, with two
or three hundred vagabonds, on Great Britain, was a very
ridiculous personage but there is a touch of poetry about
Bill Johnston, tlic Buccaneer,. armed to the teeth, flying from
island to island, a price set on his head, and determined to
sell his life at a desperate price. And then his daughter—
but we will not anticipate the interest alba letter:—
STEAM BOAT OSWEGO.
PATTISON'S LANDING, near French Creek,
11th June, 1838. •

We have just arrived here from Oswego, and made fast to
wood, at a spot nearly opposite to the wooding place where
the Sir Robert Peel was attacked and burned by a band of
pirates, under the command of a desperado by the name of
Bill Johnston, of French Creek. While we were making
our vessel fast, a light long-boat of a dark blue or lead color,
shot out from behind an island on the opposite shore, a little
astern of us. The boat was.in sight but a few moments, hav-
ing put in a little bay out of our view. In a short time four
of the crew were partially seen through the bushes, walking
in Indian file, each having a large pistol in his right hand.
They came up nearly opposite to us, and then retreated back
to their boat. A boat put off from our wharf for them with
two acquaintances of Johnston's, who supposed the craft to
be one of his. When they neared them upon the opposite
shore, the long boat dashed out and was along side of theirs.
:t proved to be Johnston, with four expert Canadians as oars-
men, in a twelve oared cutter, about forty feet long, with
about eight feet of the after part decked, on which sat John-
ston upon a red carpet bag steering the boat with an oar.
After lying to a few minutes they pulled for the wreck of the
Sir Robert Peel, which lay about eighty rods a-head upon
the opposite shore. While passing us on their way to the
wreck, within 15 rods of us, anti upon one of our passengers
waving a white hankerchiel, Johnston very majestically
raised up and drew from the carpet bag under him the co-
lours of the Sir Robert Peel, which he held up to the breeze,
and again returned to the bag.
They boarded the wreck of the Sir Robert and remained
somelo or 15 minutes, put off, passed again by us, within short
pistol shot, and made for the main land, near French Creek.

There were about fifty persons on board of our steamer, and
not the least movement was made to molest them. We had
no arms on board.

The two gentlemen who went out in the small boat are of
respectability, and from having been long and intimately ac-
quainted with Johnston, apprehended no difficulty or injury
from him or his crew. Johnston observed to them that his
family and himself had been injured by the British govern-
ment's having confiscated his property to a large amount du-
ring the last war. He had now fully avenged himselfagainst
them, as well for his own losses as for the destruction of the
Caroline; that he well knew great efforts were making to ar-
rest bim, and particularly by our Government. But it would
not be easy to take him, and one thing we might rest assured
of, that he would never be taken alive; that he was a fair mark
to shoot at, but he was nut the man to dangle in the air; he
had two other boats well manned and armed, within signal
view; that he sat upon the colors of the Sir Hobert, and
meant to sit upon them till they rotted.
Their boat was stowed with muskets and small arms.

• He said further that the steam-boats need have no fears of
and his party, as he had no disposition to molest them.

On being told that one of the steam-boats was to wood at the
wharf of his son, at French Creek, he seemed quite affected,
and replied, " I am glad to hear it, or- of anything else that
can benefit my family." Ile is a robust athletic man, per-
fectly fearless, about 60 years of age, quite grey headed, and
is altogether a hardy-looking veteran. Ile is represented as
a very warm friend, but has ever been a terror to his enemies.
He has a daughter about nineteen years of age, very hand-.
some, and said to possess equal courage with himself. She
often goes into a boat alone, armed, and seeks her father
with supplies of provisions. I saw her this morning at
French Creek, an hour before seeing the old man. She is
certainly a very noble-looking girl, aud; I should judge, fully
equal to the description given of her.
It is very much to be regretted that the frontier difficulties
should have the effect to deter many from visiting these
waters, as there can he no more desirable tour than through
Lake Ontario. For fine steamers and gentlemanly masters,
these waters cannot be excelled, and the most -timid need
have no fears of any further troubles on hoard these steamers.
Travellers that I have met with say the interest of travelling
upon these waters has been highly increased liy• the intro-
duction of fine regiments of soldiers at the garrisons along the
lakes.
( From the Neic Criurier and EnqUirer, June 22.)
LOSS OF 'THE STEAMER PULASKI.
It is again our painful duty to announce the total..loss of
another steam-packet, with a most melancholy 148.0414 e.
The steamboat Pulaski, nom Savannah fur 134tiMore,,
touched at Charleston on Wednesday, and left that4ort at
an early hour on the following morning. From that time
nothing had been heard of her when our paper of this
morning (21st) went to press; and great solicitude was en.-
tertained for her fate. The worst fears have been realised
Captain Allan, of the steamboat New York, which arrived
here yesterday morning from Charleeton, states that he left
that port Sunday evening, and that on Monday morning, at
about eleven o'clock, he fell in with boards and planks.
which were evidently the fragments of some wreck.
At 2 o'clock, when about six miles from Cape Lookout
Shoal, he saw the remains oft he steam-packet Pulaski thrown
upon the beach, split in two front the keel, and broken into
four pieces—the bow lyiog nearly a mile from the stern. For
ten miles the shores was strewn with fragments of timber.
Captain Allen remainel for two hours cruising about the
spot, in the hope of falling in with some survivors still cling-
ing. to the wreck; but no vestige of life was discovered.
It is Captain Allen's opinion, from theposition of the boat,
which had evidently struck on Lookout Shoal and been thu.
dashed to pieces—that no being on board could have escapeds
The weather had been extremely rough from the time the
Pulaski left Charleston,-and on Friday there had been a
north-east gale, with heavy fog and rain. It was during that
night probably that the Pulaski struck—and there is too
touch reason to believe that every one of her crew and pas-
sengers perished.
(From the United States Gazelle, of June 23.)
NEWS FROM THE WRECK OF THE POLASKI.
ft will be seen by the following extracts, taken from the
Exchange Books, that the loss of life by that unfortunate oc-
currence is not so great as was supposed from the previous
accounts. Fifty-nine of the persons on board have been
rescued, and strong hopes are entertained that still more
have been saved by means yet unknown.
FIIOM TH E PULASKI.
From the Exchange Books.
Extract of a letter to Mr. Coffee, dated Norfolk, Friday,
3,

The cars being late to-day, l was detained in Portsmouth
until 3 P.M. I received the enclosed list of passengers saved,
which no doubt has been received in your city ere this
reaches you.

It was mentioned that a gentleman, President of one of
he Charleston Banks, was drowned in attempting to reach
he shoe e.

I write in a great hurry, as the coach is about leaving.
Yours, H. H. DERTZEE.
[The list of passengers same as in Wilmington Advertiser.]
I have conversed with Mr. Leuthshenburg, one of the
survivors of the Pulaski—he states that two more yawls
(making four) had reached the shore in safety, and that we
may add 13 more persons to the list of saved, making 39
saved, the last-mentioned 13 not named.

It is stated in the Baltimore American, on the authority
of Major Heath, one of the passengers, that one of the
Lamar's saved is a lad of twelve or fourteen years of age, and
that he has since gone stark mad from anxiety and suffering,
with no hope of recovery.
Among the incidents of this appalling disaster, the affect-
ing one is mentioned that the Rev. Dr. Woart and wife,
after a most fervent prayer, clasped their child in a mutual
embrace, and in a few minutes the three sunk together re-
signedly into the waves of death.
No baggage of any kind was saved. All the passengers
had money, which was in their trunks, and it is estimated

hat at least 150,000 dollars in bank notes and specie have
►een lost, and upwards of 10,000 dollars in watches and
'e►celerv.

WHIG CONSISTENCYHTiIe Manchester Guardian
of Saturday. last, whilst remarking Upon the proposed
repeal of the Beer gives utterance to the follow-
ing extraordinary language :—" We were not at all
prepared for the tone which was manifested in an ac-
cidental discussion in the House of Lords, on Thurs-
day evening, on the subject of beer shops. So far as
we can judge by the reports, both sides of the house
are equally anxious for the repeal of the law by virtue
of which they were established. We have long thought
that the working of the act had turned out very diffe-
rently from what its authors expected ; and as having,
at the time of its passing, ourselves been amongst the
advocates of the measure, we confess that we have
been greatly disappointed at the results which have
followed it; and that the experience thus acquired has
convinced us, that much more is essential to safe legis-
lation than that a measure should be in accordance
with general principles, and intended to counteract a

palpable and admitted evil. When we hear persons
glibly assuring us of the desirableness of further
,great political changesi our minds often involuntarily
recur to the experience afforded by the beer act; and,
seeing how totally the wisest of our legislators were
misled as to the working of that measure, we are in-
duced to hold very cheap the assurances of those who,
"Most ignorant of what they're most assured,"

pretend to predict the exact operation of changes,
compared with which the results produced by the beer
act might almost be considered unnoticeable trifles."—
We have designated this language as extraordinary;
and so it undoubtedly must be considered when we re-
flect upon the quarter from which it has emanated.
The Manchester Guardian has been long known as

„the adyocate of Lord Brougham's and Mr.
‘Wyses
systems of, national education—'systeins whose vithu'ail
:tendeney is to banish Christianity from the land, and
and to supersede it by a mongrel species of philosophy,
based upon no other principles than a total ignorance
of human nature, and'an entire disregard of pSYCholo•,
gical facts. In advocating these systems the Guardian
seeks to effect a greater organic change in the con-
stitution of society than if it were a flaming partisan
of the ballot, universal suffrage, or ally other of the
ultra-radical nostrums of the day. it is a truth at-
tested by the experience of ages, that no system of
education can operate beneficially upon public morals,
which is not based upon the truths of the sacred scrip-
tures: and whenever those truths are not inculcated
in connection with secular instruction, the most lamen-
table consequences must necessarily ensue. Even with
all the restraints upon. the corrupt propensities of the
human heart which are connected with a religious edu-
cation, we still find that vice will prosper and crime
prevail: what then would be the inevitable result of
a system which imposed no restraint upon the sponta•
neously evil issues of the heart, but which would allow
mankind to riot uncontrolled in every species of wick-
ednesS ? The fruits of such a system must evidently
be such as no philanthropic mind could contemplate
with any degree of satisfaction. Science, however
perfect--philosophy, however refined—the cultivation
of the arts, to whatever degree it may be carried—can
never influence the consciences—can never control the
actions of mankind A much higher principle is re-
quisite, in order to exercise a beneficial effect upon
public morals, than the mere advancement of our fel-
low-creatures in physical knowledge. Religion is the
only sure foundation of national virtue and of its corol-
lary, national happiness. We are, therefore, justified
in saying that the Guardian is guilty of inconsistency
in declaiming against any further organic changes in
our national institutions, whilst it continues to advocate
so radical a change in our system of national educa-
tion.

But there are other topics upon which we find the
Guardian guilty of like inconsistency. Stnely, the
system of "free trade,"
,for which the Guardian so
stoutly contends, is one which involves a far greater
organic change than even the ballot or universal suf-
frage could possibly effect : and yet the Guardian
ventures to speak dispargingly of "organic changes."
The Guardian deems it worth its while to mention the
unfavourable operation of the Beer Act as a caution
against the indulgence of sanguine hopes from politi-
cal changes of a sweeping character; and yet it views
as a trifle the introduction of a sweeping revolution
into our mercantile and fiscal arrangements—a revo-
lution which perils every interest in the country, and
which, as far as it has been carried into effect, has been
fraught with the most disastrous consequences.

CORR ESPOLVDEIVC E.

POPERY.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STAND.IRD.

SlR,—Nothing in my opinion is more absurd and con-
temptible than for men, whether individually or collectively,
to pretend to be really what they are not; this is especially
true in matters of religion, where hypocrisy, above everything
else is hateful and pernicious. That these remarks are espe-
cially applicable to the Church of Rome, I am confident:
her pretensions to infallibility, are pretty well known ; but
with what propriety she makes these pretensions this letter
will show.

Admitting for the sake of argument, (and on no other
grounds twill I do so,) that the Catholic clergy, when met in
a general council, are infallible, what, I ask, does it sig-
nify?—and if each and every one uf. . them, when taken
separately be fallible, which the church does not deny, what,
I ask, does her infallibility signify, if her ministry, utterly
regardless of her decisions, preach any doctrine they please ?
Any church that has the smallest pretensions to purity of
doctrine, would not allow any of her ministers to preach doc-
trines contrary to her established creed; how touch less
should a church that pretends to be infallible do so. That
the Church of Rome permits her ministers, and that without
the slightest opposition, to preach doctrines notoriously and
completely at variance with those which she plainly and un-
equivocally teaches, the following instance will, I think,
sufficiently prose. _ _ _

The Re-v.lllr. Parker, of St. Patrick's Chapel, in his in-
troductory lecture on the doctrine and discipline of the Ca-
tholic Church, is reported by the Liverpool Mercury to have
stated, that " li is charged against us, that we condemn to
eternal perdition, with-out exception, every one who differs
from us in religious belief. 1 should, indeed, blush for my-
self and for you,my dear friends, it' I could fancy that such
an uncharitable and unchristianlike impression could find a
place in your minds. No, my dear friends, we believe and
trust, that manyinay and will be saved out of every creed,
whether Catholic or Protestant, Quaker, Methodist, &c., who
is so from-education and thorough conviction of its truth,
and Who thinks himself in the right way, and who would im-
mediately embrace the most perfect, if he had the opportu-
tunity afforded for embracing the same."
Now, if that Rev. Gentleman sincerely believes, that
" many out of every creed may and will be saved," he be-
lieves that which the church does not ;to prove this,-1 shall
refer you to ".:River's Roman Manual," a book which has
been lately revised by a Catholic clergyman of this town; in
page 32. The following question is asked:—" Are none
saved but who are in the church ?" " None but who are ac-
tually in it, or desire to seek to be therein," &c. (I cannot
give the whole of the answer on Account of its length.) In
page 33 and 31, you will find the following illiberal and un-
charitable assertions. "It is only the Catholic church that
has God's tree worship, into which, whosoever. enters not, and
from which, whosoever departs is without all hope of life and
eternal' salvation." And again—" Whosoever will be saved
before all things, it is neces,ary that he hold. the Catholic
faith," (that is according to iheir interpretation, the faith
-which is professed by Roman Catholics,)" which faith, 'unless
every one keep whole and inviolable, he shall without doubt
'perish everlastingly." So long, therefore, as the Book
from which these quotations are taken, is sanctioned by
Romish authority, •no person Clio is able to read, and capable
of understanding what he reads, can deny, that it is a doctrine
of the Catholic church, " That out of it there is no salvation."
But besides the opinion of the church as now quoted,• I have
to add that of the celebrated Thomas" Maguire, the great
champion of the Catholic religion, whose opinion, as the
organ of the church, is far more influential and valuable than
the Rev. Mr. Parker's. tie, (Mr. Maguire,) when attempt-
ing to prove the infallibility of his church, said, "I have here
more than seventy pages, from the fathers, upon the subject,
and I would read them to you, if the time permitted. In one
of them the church is compared to the ark of Noah, out of
which no one shall be saved."—See Pope and. Maguire's Re-
ligious Controversy, page 45; and also, in page 104, he tells
us that Henry the Fourth, of France, proposed, through the
medium of Sully, "a variety of questions to the Protestant
ministers. Amongst others he proposed the following :
Whether it was lawful for him to become a Catholic?' Their
reply was, "chat it was lawful, seeing salvation was attainable
in the Catholie-church."Fhey added it is true, 'Our religion
is the more perfect, but still the Church of Rome is sufficient
for all the securities of future happiness "l'his answer ob-
tained, the monarch now consulted the Catholic prelates and
theologians respecting the security of salvation in the Pro-
testant church. But he could not
,find one single individual
amongst them that would allow such benefit to exist in this
society." If Mr. Maguire believed that there was salvation
in the Protestant church, he cf course would never have
brought forward the opinion of Catholic prelates and theo-
logiansaitnonocpepotshi
proved
church.
at itonthet tr)e his‘va os
,f,o,rottithye4l
ihne
hue.° ucl
hhoaivice

They (the Catholics) boasting!), assert that their religion
is incapable of change, and that "what the church believes
awl teaches now is the very same as was taught by the Apos-
tles and all ensuing ages;" hence, therefore, the illiberal and
uncharitable doctrine. above-mentioned will continue to be
taught to the end of the world. I should like every person
who is not perfectly satisfied of the truth of what I have
written, to get the second and third numbers of River's
Manual, and read for themselves. They can be had at Geo.
Leigh's, top of Great Nelson-street, • •
Having, I think, clearly and satisfactorily shown that it is
a doctrine of the Catholic church, ". That out of it there is no
salvation," I shall now proceed to prove that Mr. Parker, for
not believing this doctrine, . which the church believes, is
guilty of perjury.
The Creed of Pope Pius the Fourth is considered the
standard of Roman orthodoxy, and to which. every Catholic
clergyman is required to swear. The followirtgAnotation is
from that creed:—" I do also, without any'doubt, receive
and profess all other timings which have been delivered,
defined, and declared, by the sacred canons and general
councils, and especially by the holy council of Trent, and all
things contrary thereto, anti all heresies whatsoever con-
demned, rejected, and anathematized by the church; I do
likewise condemn, reject, and anathematize." Now, the
holy Council of Trent have decreed, (and no doubt this is
one sign of its spotless purity,) " If any one shall deny that,
in the most holy Sacrament of the Eucharist there are con-
tained really and substantially the body and blood. together
with the soul and divinity of our Lord Jesus Christ, or say
that he is in it only as a sign and figure, or by his influence,
he is accursed ; that is, he is denounced soul and body to eter-
naldestruction.

Here, then we see that Mr. Parker has sworn to believe,
without any doubt, all that has been declared by the Council,
of 'lrent, that that Council have declared that every one
who denies the doctrine of transubstantiation is accursed;
but Mr. Parker believes, at least he has told us so, that
"many Protestants, Quakers, Methodists, &c., (and these
all deny the docuine of transubstantiation, " may and will
be saved."

Now, what has the rev. gentleman to. say for himself?
Will he still maintain his opinion in direct contradiction to
his own oath, the opinion of the church, and that of the cele-
brated Thomas Maguire ?
,If he wi11,.. it is the duty of the
Bishop instantly to adopt measures to have him deposed; if
he refuse to do this, he also is guilty of perjury; for he
swears, "That he will take care that the doctrines of the
church be held, taught, and preached by all those that are
under his power, and by such as he shall have charge over
in his profession."--[ See " Protestant, vol. 3, page 7.1
Both these gentlemen, I think, are in an awkward posi-
tion, but the Rev. Mr. Parker especially, will have some
difficulty to extricate himself from the dilemma in which I
have placed him.

With respect to transubstantiation, I have to say that I
consider it a doctrine so monstrous, so contrary to common
sense and to all our senses, that it is not only unchristian,
but really disgraceful, that we should be anathematized for
rejecting it. We do not curse them for disbelieving any one
of our opinions, and I am sure we do them no injustice nor
are guilty of any want of charity, when we denounce such
doctrines as transubstantiation, even in the strongest terms.
When the doctrines of any church are fairly stated, (and I
am sure those of the Catholic Church are in this letter, for I
have stated them in their own words,) the adhetents of that
church, whatever it may be, cannot with propriety charge
any person with uncharitableness or injustice in publishing
them. If. therefore, Catholics are displeased with me in
writing this letter, or with you in publishing it, it is because
they are actually ashamed of the doctrine referred to. I know,
indeed, some who are actually ashamed of it, they care not
"to hear the Church" in this matter, and I should like to
know why it is they are not considered "as heathen men and
publicans"—and why the Rev. Mr. Parker is not treated as
such. In conclusion, I beg to say that I consider the state-
ments which I have made in this letter quite incontrovertible,
but if any answer to them be attempted, you will, I hope, iu
fairness, give it publication. My object in writing it is to
show what the doctrine of the Catholic Church really is re-
specting the salvation of those without its pale ; and it is for

you and the public to judge, whether or not I have distinctly,
etrrtttly.;' and 4irly stated Orintringfttedtin 4u4h4ess.,,
and not having:timeifeNmuch writing, the controlrestsy',Vf
this letter lead to one): must end with two letters fr6in each
side, which number 1 consider quite sufficient to settle:-thii
question; but it' you, Mr..lf.ditorr.he unwilling to extend it.
:,even to this length, .1 haye..to request (as I wish Catholics to
,ho.;dealt with fairly and: impartially) that you will select and,
publish what you consider the best and ablest answer Out of
-those you may receive lip :reply to this letter. With•this I
shall be satistied, and what could my opponents desire more.
—1 am, &c., yours respectfully, A SCOTSMAN.

70 THE EDITOR OF TIIE LIVERPOOL ST-IND.IRD.
SIR,—In the Mail of the sth instant I find the following
extract from a letter written by a person in North Shields,
for a paper in London, professing to come out under the
sanction of Christian Dissenters:—
Extract of a Letter from a Gentleman in North Shields.
"I hope we shall be required again to importune parlia-
ment in our cause—by demanding the abolition of the sugar
bounties. Surely Hume and his train of economists, and the
true reformers, friendly as they are to slavery, will give us
their votes. Oh, I should like to starve those villains (the
planters) to do justice to their victims! And I do like the
idea thrown out iu the late Emancipator, of advising the negroes
not to work for wages in the boiling season. I cannot encourage
a single wrinkle ofdespondeney to settle on my brow (assume
of our friends do) on hearing of defeat after defeat in parlia-
ment, whilst we have so many clear-headed champions in
Tokenhouse-yard, &c., and any bright spots in our horizon—
and, moreover, the God of the oppressed for us—and in so
many instances, manifestly working with us, notwithstanding
the powerful phalanx of whip., and tories, and planters and
DEVILS, work with all their might against us. That the mi-
nisters and their opponents on all other subjects should join the
diphthong-unity, in the cause of cruelty, oppression, and injus-
tice, is a monstrous and anomalous sight. I understand the
reason and object of the opposition of Gladstone and the rest
of the planters to the measures; but that the ministers and
their jealous opponents should unite in such a cause is to me
incomprehensible. As soon as the important claims of mercy
and justice, and of a whole nation are made, the old leaven
is forgotten and cast out—the fermentation ceases! The
planters surely must have great influence with them. And
as to our M.Y.'s, who cant about theirindependence, and the
`national faith,' they seem to be equally infatuated, and set
the demands of their constituents at naught. Jew, Turk,
and Christian differ but in creed.'
"Our late resolution published a short time ago, and sent
to our members, i thick, was not strong enough—a little more
`red-pepper' applied might possibly have opened their eyes.
have little doubt but their'conduct on this question will prevent
their being returned to parliament again. -
"The coronation of the queen be a fine subject for the
caricaturist. A -virgin' Queen of England to be crowned a
`Queen of SlateS!' Why, it will be as revolting as the star-
bespangled -fiag'of liberty waving on the top of the Capitol
of Washington ! Yea, more so,—for she is extending the
cominerce-4eginning a new slave-trade—bringing fresh
Slaves from India, to feed the lampreys of British Guiana,
Gladstone and Co:"
In addressing you, it is not to make any particular com-
ment upon the extract, but to notice the remarks of the
editor of the Mail, which he has been pleased to make upon
the character of a minister of a christian community, the
Rev. Samuel Lake, of Chester, because his name unfortu-
nately appeared amongst the names of a reading society into
which. that paper has been introduced, though, in doing so.
I cannot do otherwise myself than censure that gentleman
for sanctioning the circulation of a paper disseminating, as
it does, falsehoods and principles contrary to christianity, as
the above extract, which is only a minor sample of what ap-
peals in its columns, clearly proves. Yet, whilst one finds
fault, it is not necessary to descend to ribaldry, as the editor
has in this, as he does in most instances, but to take the
highest 'vantage ground we can command, and none can
take a higher stand than the Editor of the Mail; yet he de-
lights in expressions derogatory to the character of either a
christian or a gentleman, which may appear keen and
cutting to the ia.norant reader, but to the better informed it
is disgusting in the extreme, heaping praise where censure
was intended.
To all who aro acquainted with the rev. gentleman in
question, the Mail's remarks upon him would have no effect;
and to those who are not, it signifies little or nothing. Yet,
if these remarks had been made as they ought to have been,
they might have had the desired effect, by making that rev.
gentleman more cautious in future what publication he
sanctions by allowing his name to appear upon it; but I fear
the end will not be gained. I therefore advise the Editor of
the Mail, when he writes again, to write as a gentleman.—l
am, &c., A PLANTER.
Liverpool, 10th July, 1838.
