GLORIOUS CONSERVATIVE MEETING IN
SCOTLAND WARD.

Yesterday evenings- the triumphant return of Richard
Houghton, Esq., as representative in the Common Council
for Scotland Ward, was celebrated by a dinner given to that
gentleman and his friends, at Mrs. Musker's Hotel, " The
Freemason's Arms," in Burlington-street.
The assemblage of friends of the good cause was more
numerous than was contemplated, and some difficulty arose
in the arrangements to accommodate the whole of the
guests. The large room was filled, as were a few minor
apartments. The dining-room was handsomely decorated
with flags, evergreens, flowers, &c. At the top was a flag
with a figure of Britannia, and suitable inscriptions. On the
other walls were numerous British ensigns, union jacks, and
other national flags. On one side we noticed a very beauti-
ful flag—(or rather a portion of a flag only—the room not
being sufficiently lofty to display it to advantage)—which had
been presented to the pilots of St. Paul's ward, on New Year's
Eve. It is painted by Mr. Edwards, of Prussia-street, in a
masterly manner, on silk, and in the several compartments are
emblematical designs having reference to our nautical town.
In the centre is an admirably drawn picture of a Pilot Boat.
The fabulous god of the ocean occupied another department ;
a view of the Lighthouse at the Rock Point another, and va-
rious other designs were well depicted on the " silk." This
flag has a deep fringe of blue, and, we understand. cost about
60 guineas, subscribed by the conservatives of St. Paul's
Ward.

RICHARD TAYLOR, Esq. was called to preside on the oc-
casion. On his right we observed Mr. Isaac Holmes ; Mr.
Thomas Murray Gladstone; Mr. Robert Rigby ; Mr. George
Wright, and Mr. Thomas Wright Watson. On his left were
Mr. Richard Boughton, the distinguished guest of the even-
ing ; Mr: Richard' Jenes :• • Mr. Robinson, (member for
Great. George's Mard,) and other gentlemen whose names
we did not ascertain. The Vice-Chair was ably occupied by
Mr. J'aMeS Dundaii. • •_

The dinner was.exeellent-,: and sumptuous, and was served
up—as was the dessert—in a manner highly creditable to the
parties who provided it. In addition to the usual substan-
tials of English—farerthere was abundance of grapes,
oranges, apples, and other fruit of the first quality ; and the
wines were highly spoken of by the lovers of that classical
beverage.
,Peter Stubbs's band was in attendance, and played
man'y fal/4rourite and approplate airs during the evening, on
the toasts being given.
. gen pie, cloth being withdrawn, the CHAIRMAN said that
the first` Wait Was one-which he felt assured every Conserva-
tive ‘wotild:ilrink with enthusiasm. He proposed the health
of her Majesty. the Queen. (The toast was received with
three times three loud and enthusiastic cheers, all who were
present being upstanding.)
" God save the Queen" was played by the band, and the
conclusion was marked by three cheers.'
The CHAIRMAN said he should now. propose the health of
an amiable and illustrious lady, who possessed all those
graces and endowments which adorn the sex. He proposed
" The Queen Dowager."
The toast was responded to with the utmost enthusiasm,
the cheering being loud and long.
" Here a health to all good lasses."
The next toast proposed -by the CHAIRMAN was that of
" The Great Duke," which was received with enthusiastic
and prolonged cheers, and chipping of hands.
The next health proposed from the chair was that of
" Lord Lyndhurst and the House of Peers " which created
• a renewal of the cheering, and was followed by the playing of
" Hearts of Oak" by the bend.
The CHAIRMAN then gave " Sir Robert Peel and the Con-
servative Members of the House of Commons," which was
followed by thunderin 'applause.
" The Members for the County, both north and south,"
was a toast hailed with equal spirit.
• The CHAIRMAN then said that he doubted not but they
would do ample justice. to the next toast—" Our glorious
Constitution in Church and State." A gentleman well qua-
lified for the task would respond to the toast. (Loud cheers.)
Mr. ISAAC HOLMES rose amidst prolonged cheering. He
said it had frequently been his province to address public
assemblies on the local affairs of the town, and he was now
called upon to advert to the constitution of the country. He
did not think that that constitution was so much in danger,
even from the recent seditious. movements of certain parties,
as from the ministers themselves—the vipers who sur-
rounded the throne—a ministry the most weak, the most
corrupt, the most wicked that had ever yet gained ascen-
dancy in the government of this country. They could
not be called a whig administration. Even the son of Lord
Grey and others of rank amongst the nobility had deserted
them, and they had, in fact, become the slaves of a beggar—
subservient to his beck, and ready at all times to do his bid-
ding. What had they done for this country ? Let its con-
dition testify. What had they done abroad ? Let them but
look to Spain, the plains of which they, by their policy, had
crimsoned with blood, spreading destruction and desolation
throughout a once powerful, friendly, and independent state.
The state of France and Portugal furnished equal testimonials
of their policy, which had shackled commerce and spread
misery amongst mankind. If they looked to Russia, all
would be replied to. They had suffered that country, all
grasping as it was, to overrun and destroy Poland ; and had
put no efficient check upon her, though she threatened even
to overrun our Indian possessions. Such, indeed, had been
the policy of the ministers, that this country was insulted in
the remotest quarters of the world. Canada they had all but
lost ; the. West Indies was in nearly a similar state ; and,
coming nearer home, the state of Ireland was still more de-
plorable. What did they think of the agitator of that
country exclaiming, that he would die in the last ditch before
he would submit to the Duke of Wellington ! (Mr. Holmes
here quoted a passage from a poet, illustrative of the despe-
rate condition to which that country had been reduced.)
Talk of slavery abroad, indeed ! The present incapable
administration were the veriest of slaves. They submitted to
be whipped and even to be scorned by a beggar. (Cheers.)
He deeply lamented that the Queen of England was,
through them, so placed that she knew not the danger that
surrounded her. But he trusted a brighter day would ere
long dawn, and that the 'present ministry would ere long
be thrust from the station which they so unworthily occu-
pied. (Cheers.) He trusted that at the first meeting of
parliament the influence of public opinion would show these
men that they could no longer sway the doctrines of this
great country. (Cheers.) With respect to this one ward,
he rejoiced in. the spirit evinced by the electors in making
choice of Mr. Houghton. That gentleman had nobly stood
up for the interests of the ward and the town, and he,
(Mr. Holmes,) had on no one occasion differed from him in
his votes. It was a high proof of the estimation in which
that gentleman was held by them that they had returned
him to the council without his soliciting for a single vote.
(Cheers;) He had now to draw their attention to a gentle-
man who was worthy of their confidence and support—Mr.
Murray Gladstone. (Cheers.) The respectable borough
of Preston had thought proper to send that gentleman a
requisition to put himself in nomination for that town.
Mr. Gladstone had not yet given his final reply ; and
he (Mr. Holmes) entertained hopes that Mr. Gladstone
would remain among them, and would come forward
as a candidate, to represent one of the most important.
wards of the town, and in *which he would doubtless
promote the best interests of the conservatives. (Cheers)
There were present three gentlemen who had succeeded in
wresting froin the opposite party as many wards which they,
(the radicals,) had considered to be in no danger. They bad
defeated them in St... Anne's Ward, and also in Lime-street
Ward, in the latter of which the radical candidate had re-
ceived his note of dismissal. They had then ejected the doc-
tor, who, like a four-pronged fork, united the callings of
doctor, apothecary, surgeon, and druggist. (Cheers.) He
concluded by hoping that the conservatives would, on the
next election, nobly achieve that triumph of which they were
worthy, and eject the " radical".who might attempt to op-
pose them. (Cheers.)
The CHAIRMAN then said that lie had to propose the health
of a gentleman whose return for the ward they had that day
met to celebrate. He (the Chairman) doubted not but that
gentleman would repay to the fullest extent, the confidence
which had been reposed in him. He proposed the health of
Richard Houghton, Esq. The toast was received with loud
and continued applause. -
Mr. HOUGHTON said he felt greatly obliged for the honour
conferred by the Nast; and the handsome manner in which it
had been conveyed. They had. that day met to celebrate his
return for the ward ; but they had a much higher object in
view, and that was the Choice of another candidate against
the next November election. (Cheers.) So much had al-
ready been eloquently said by the previous gpeakers on the

general topics which they had to.dileuss, that little was left
for him to add. They might have found a more comre eat
representative than him. (Cries of " No, no, we will stick by .
you till the resurrection gun is fired.") Mr. Gladstone would,
he believed, be an excellent member -of the council, and he
hoped they would make the same exertions for that gentle-
man as they had made for him, anti he doubted not of his
success. He concluded by proposing the health of Thotnas
Murray Gladstone, Esq.: (Long. and continued cheering
followed the proposition of this toast, and it was drunk with
the greatest enthusiasm.)
THOMAS M.,GLADSTONE, Esq., responded to the toast, in
an able and most eloquent manner ; but we exceedingly regret
that, being on the eve of publication, we are precluded from
supplying more than..a mere outline of his address. He ac-
knowledged his sense of the honour done to him by-so
respectable an assemblage, in , grateful terms. He next ad-
verted to the warehouse .question, contending, that but for
the private exertions of individuals the warehouse accommo- ,
dations would have fallen much short of what they were at
present ; and that the project of building warehouses by the
Dock Committee would be but increasing an already per--
niciOus monopoly. He next touched on the education question,
expressing his opinion that the system pursued by the present
corporation tended to diffuse all the pernicious doctrines o
popery and infidelity. He read an extract from the History
of England in 1770, shewing the striking analogy between
that period and the present ; and commented upon each
passage as he proceeded, in a very happy and humorous man-
ner. After some able remarks ou the imbecility of the pre-
sent administration, he concluded by proposing the health
of Mr. Isaac Holmes, theirworthy representative. _

.
Mr. HoLmEs returned thanks in a humorous address, in
which he hit hard the radical party in the council. He pro-
posed the health of Mr. Robinson.
. .

Mr. ROBINSON returned thanks as a newly-elected " mem-
ber of the Liverpool House of Representatives," in a very
neat and appropriate manner. He concluded by proposing
the health of the Chairman.

Mr. TAYLOR replied in a feeling and neat address. He
proposed the health of the conservative electors of the ward,
which was drunk with much enthusiasm.

Mr. DuNe4N, the Vice-Chairman, lon his health being
drunk, replied in an energetic and good-humoured address,
and proposed the health of the second Luther, the Rev.
H. M`Neile, and thanks to him for his extraordinary ex-
ertions in the cause of Protestantism. (Tremendous cheers.)
T. MURRAY GLADSTONE, Esq. proposed " the Conserva-
tive press," which was drunk with great applause ; and was
briefly and appropriately responded to by a gentleman pre-
sent.

A number of other toasts . and sentiments were afterwards
given, and elicited interesting addresses.
The meeting did not separate till a late hOur, all highly
gratified by the enthusiastic proceedings of the evening.
