SELECT EXTRACTS.

"WOLSEY AND HIS FOOL."—Among the cardinals who
are recorded as having kept fools, our own Wolsey must not
be forgotten ; and he would seem to have good cause to re-
pent of having disobeyed in this respect the ordinances of the
church. Wolsey, who, as is well known, was the son of a
butcher, received no heartier congratulations on obtaining
his cardinal's hat than those which his jester offered him.
"Thank God! you are a cardinal," said the jester; "now I
have nothing more to desire than to see you Pope." The
cardinal inquired of him his reasons for this wish. " Why,"
said he, "St. Peter was a fisherman, and he therefore or-
dained fasts, that fish might fetch a better price; now, your
eminence being a butcher bred, would of course abolish fasts,
and commanding us to eat meat, that your trade might
flourish."—Bentley's Miscellany.
AN ALBANIAN.—The lady of the vice-consul presided over
our morning repast, and amused us with anecdotes of her
servants. One is a fine handsome Albanian; fierce, caprici-
ous, and violent in love; he leaves his master for hours to-
gether, and when, on his return, he is questioned as to his
strange conduct, be fixes his eyes on the ground, makes no
reply, shows no sign either of sorrow or of anger, but d.es
the seine thine the next time he is offertiled or ale. Butte
is honest, and this is no little recommendation. His costume
is beautiful. From a crimson cap a long black tassel falls
over his light flowing locks. A shirt, open in front, is re-
tained in its .place by a dark brown jacket, likewise open;
below this is a red leathern girdle, about ten inches wide,
famished with a brace 'of silver-headed pistols, and a yata-
ghan formed part of his dress till his ungoverned passions ren-
dered it necessary to disarm him of that formidable weapon;
from the waist hangs a very full white linen petticoat, the
width of which is a subject of pride with the wearer, and va-
ries from 30 to 50 yards; long dark gaiters and shoes com-
plete the costume.—Elliott's Three Great Empires.

WHY THE CHINESE DESPISE THE ENGLISH.-olle-Wollld
at first sight think it impossible, even for the most ignorant
of the Chinese, to believe in the inferiority of the European
race, with so many evidences before their eyes of power and
enterprise. And yet the conduct of the European states from
the very beginning bas served 'to strengthen, if it did not
create, this delusion. The Tigris is the great avenue of the
western nations, where they crowd to make their salaam at
the treshhold of the Celestial Empire—withheld from forcing
an entrance, in reality by their mutual jealousies, but ap-
parently by the interdict of the Brotherof the Moon. They
struggle with each other for precedence; they supplicate for
permission to purchase the products of Chinese art and in-
dustry; and, if their native rudeness prompt them occasion-
ally to assume the character of sturdy beggars, at any seri-
ous show of anger at their encroachments, or determination
to resist them, they retire like beaten hounds from the con-
test. In addition to this meatiness of attitude, they present
themselves as the smugglers of opium, and are thus identi-
fied, in the imaginations of the good and intelligent, with the
vilest classes of the people, and with everything that is hurt-
ful and degrading in the character of a nation. The habit of
opium-smoking, introduced and ministered to by these
" wandering demons" (for this is the literal meaning of the
word Fan qui) excites the utmost consternation in the legis-
lature. It threatens to be as great a scourge to the civilised
Chinese as rum has been to the uncivilised Indians of the
West; and in consequence, they who make it their business
to force or insinuate into the country the brutalising drug,
have become objects at once of horror and contempt. If this
he the attitude of the Fan-qui collectiVely, as individuals
they are still less likely to awaken the respect of the natives.
We, of course, talk of the mass, not of exceptions; for in
judging ourselves of the character of a tribe of barbarians,
we do not receive in evidence the conduct of the few well-
behaved individuals. Opium smoking conducts its victim to
a species of idiocy, but by the grave and tranquil steps befit-
ting the eastern character; while the intoxication prodnced
by spirits converts the drinker into a madman. The very
basest of the populace, therefore, even while indulging in
opium themselves, look with contempt and abhorrence upon,
the beseting vice of foreign sailors. They mob the frantic
strangers in the streets, pursue them with yells and hootings,
cheat them, rob them, cudgel them, and turning away, thank
the gods that they were born in a civilised country: The
officers in very numerous cases, swindle the shopkeepers of
Canton out of their goods : and frequently, in -order to avoid
paying the duty, embark their purchases by force of arms.
But perhaps the rudeness of all classes is still more atroci-
ous and disgusting than even drunkenness and swindling to
a people whose morals are manners, and who consider polite-
ness not only a social but a religious duty. The very dress
of the Fan-quis, mean, sneaking, and contemptible, when
compared with the full and flowing robes of the East, must
foster a prejudice instilled in infancy, and strengthened by
observation; while the eager admiration bestowed by the
strangers upon their most insignificant toys, and the anxiety
they evince to bring them away as objects of curiosity, must
confirm- the idea of the natives that China is the emporium of
art and intelligence, and the kingdoms of the western world
nothing- more than the haunts of barbarians and roving
banditti.

CARBONIC ACID AS A MOVING POWER.—Among the most
attractive of the scientific novelties exhibited at the late meet-
ing of the British Association, at Newcastle, was the solidifi-
cation of carbonic acid gas, by means of apparatus invented
by Robert Addams, Esq. As this remarkable phenomenon
has met with less attention in the newspaper reports than on
the spot, we have requested Mr. West, who was present, fo
furnish us with a short account of the experiment& The
apparatus consists of a strong wrought iron vessel, in ap-
pearance like a small swivel gun, two feet long, and six
inches in diameter, suspended by trunnions, on an iron frame;
of a vessel similar in form and size, but mounted perpendi-
cularly on a flat stand, and of two pumps worked by power-
ful levers, together with the needful valves and connecting
tubes. Into the generator, or suspended vessel, are put pro-
per quantities of bicarbonate of soda and warm water; along
open tube is also inserted containing sulphuric acid ; the
mouth is closed with a screw valve, and the generator being
rapidly whirled round on its trunnions, the sulphuric acid
Howes out and is mixed with the solution of bicarbonate of
soda. The carbonic acid, disengaged, having no room to
expand, is condensed into a liquid. So far the apparatus
resembles that first employed for the same purpose by Mons.
Thellussier, in Paris. But stopping short here, Thellussier
could only make use of one-third of the carbonic acid dis-
engaged, while Mr. Addams, by pumping into the second
vessel, obtains nearly the whule. On allowing this liquid,
carbonic acid, to escape through a box, a hollow brass cylin-
der into the atmosphere, theinstantaneous evaporation of one
portion causes it to absoib so much solid caloric acid resem-
bles in appearance and texture newly _fallen snow, or small
hail; it evaporates rapidly, but not instantly; from the at-
mosphere of gas around it, preventing close contact, its in-
tense coldness is not immediately felt, but the brass box in
which it is collected, or the solid acid itself when long held,
blisters the skin like a hot iron. By placing a portion of the
solid acid on a few pounds of mercury, moistened with nether
to improve the conduction, the mercury soon becomes solid,
and thus the freezing of mercury, an experiment which many
chemists have Lever seen, is perforated rapidly on a large
scale, and with the greatest ease and certainty. Several
curious experiments were shown by means of the frozen
mercury ; it was doubled up and placed in water, which in-
stantly froze, while the mercury returned to its ordinary state
of fluid. But the most remarkable occurred accidentally:
on touching a mass of cold iron, the mercury fused and ran
down front so good a conductor, like lead or tin in a furnace.
Professor Graham did trot speak too strongly when lie said
that such an apparatus would become as needful in the labo-
ratmy for the production of cold as a furnace for producing
heat. But the circumstance of most consequence in relation
to its practical employment' is, that at a temperature of 150
degrees the liquid acid exerts an expansive force of 70 atmos-
pheres, or 1050 pounds on the square inch, and every increase
of a single degree of temperature augments the pressure by
upwards of an atmosphere, or 15 pounds on the inch. The
iron cylinders are proved before being used, by a pressue of
150 atmospheres, and Mr. West states, that remembering the
enormous power obtained, and observing the perfect ease and
apparent safety with which this force is managed, he, contrary
to his previous views, no longer considers the use of liquid
carbonic acid as a moving power to be at all chimerical.
Should it be applied with success, our present locomotives
would be discarded, stoppages for water would be needless,
and on long lines of railway, or for long voyages, steam
would be superseded by carbonic acid.—Leeds Mercury.
TAKING POSSESSION.—" A reg'lar break up of the con-
stitootion."—Kate busied herself in what she had to do, and
was silently arranging the various articles of decoration in
the best taste she could display, when she started to heer a
strange man's voice in the room ; and started again to observe,
on looking round, that a white hat, and a red neckerchief,
and a broad round face, and a large head, and a part of a
green coat, were in the room too. "Don't alarm yourself,
miss," said the proprietor of these appearances. " I say;
this here's the mantie-making coo-sari, a'nt it ?" "Yes,"
rejoined Kate, greatly astonished: " W hat did you want?"
The stranger answered not; butflrst looking back, as though
to beckon to some unseen person outside, came very delibe-
rately into the room, and was closely followed by a little man
in brown, very much the worse for wear, who-brought with
him a mingled fumigation of stale.tobacco and fresh onions.
The clothes of this gentleman were much bespeckled with
flue; and his shoes, stockings, and nether garments, from his
heels to the waist buttons of his coat inclusive, were profusely
embroidered with splashes of mud, caught a fortnight previ-
ous—before the setting-in of the fine weather. Kate's very
natural impression was, that these engaging individuals had
called with the view of possessing themselves unlawfully of
any portable articles that chanced to strike their fancy. She
did not attempt to disguise her apprehension, and made a
move towards the door. "Wait a minnit," said the man in
the green coat, closing it softly, and standing with his back
against it. " This is a unpleasant bisness. Vere's your
governor ?" "My what—did you say ?" asked Kate, trem-
bling; for she thought "governor" might be slang for watch
or motley. " Mister Muntlehiney," said the man. " Wot's
become of hint? Is he at home ?" "He is above stairs, I
believe," replied Kate, a little reassured by this inquiry.
"Do you want him ?" "No," replied the visitor. "I don't
ezactly want him, if it's made a favour on. You can jist give
him that 'ere card; and tell him if he wants to speak to me,
and save trouble, here I am, that's all." With these words
the stranger put a thick square card into Kate's band, and
turning .to his friend remarked; with an easy air; "that the
rooms was a good high pitch ;" to which the friend assented,
addincs,• by way of illustration, "that there was lots of room
for a little boy to grow up in a man in either on 'em, without
much fear of his ever bringing his head into contract with
the ceiling." After ringing the hell which would summon
Madame Mantalini, Kate glanced at the card, and saw that
it displayed the name of " Seeley," together with some other
information to which she had not had time to refer, when her
attention was attracted by Mr. Seeley himself, who, walking
up to one of the cheval glasses, gave it a hard poke in the
centre with his stick, as coolly as if it had been of cast iron.
"Good plate this here, 'Fix," said Mr. Scaley to his friend.
"Ah!" rejoined Mr. 'fix, placing the marks of his four fin-
gers, and a duplicate impression of his thumb en a piece of
sky-blue silk ; and this here article warn't made for nothing,
mind yoti." From the silk Mr. 'fix transferred his admira-
tion' to some elegant articles of wearing apparel, while Mr.
Scaley adjusted his neckcloth at leisure before the glass, and
aftewards, aided by its 'reflection, proceeded to the minute
consideration of a pimple on his chin, in which absorbing oc-
cupation he was yet engaged when Madame Mantalini enter-
ing the room, uttered an exclamation which aroused him.
"Oh ! Is this the misses ?" inquired Scaley. "It is Madame
Mantaliui," said Kate. "Then," said Mr. Scaley, produ-
cing a small document from his pocket and unfolding it very
slowly, "this is a writ of execution, and if it's not conwenient
to settle we'll go over the house at wunst, please, and take
the inwentory." Poor Madame Mantalini wrung her hands
for grief, and rung the belt for her husband; which done, she
fell into a chair and a fainting fit simultaneously.- Such was
the posture of affairs when Mr. Mantalini hurried in, and as
that distinguished specimen had had a pretty extensive inter-
' course with Mr. Scaley's fraternity in his bachelor days, and
was, besides, very far from being taken by surprise on the
present agitating occasion, he merely shrugged his shoulders,
thrust his hands down to the bottom of his pockets, elevated
his eyebrows, whistled a bar or two, swore an oath or two,
and, sitting astride upon a chair, put the best face upon the
matter with great composure and decency. "What's the
demd total ?" was the first question he asked. " Fifteen hun-
dred and twenty-seven pound, four and ninepence ha'penny,"
replied Mr. Seeley, without moving a limb. "The halfpenny
be deind," said Mr. Mantalini, impatiently. "By all means
if you vish it," retorted Mr. Scaley; "and the ninepence
too." "It don't matter to us if the fifteen hundred and
twenty seven pound went along with it, that I know on," ob-
served. Mr. Tix. Not a button," said Scaler. " Well ;"
said the same gentleman, after a pause, " Wot's to be done—
anythink ? .Is it only a small crack, or a out and out smash?
A break up of the censtitootion is it— werry good. Then Mr.
Tom esk-vire, you must inform your angel wife and
lovingfamilyo as you won't sleep at home for three nights to
oin ealng of being in possession here. Wot's the good of
e
the lady a fretting herself?" continued Mr. Scaley, as Ma-
i dame Mantalini sobbed. "A good half of root's here isn't
sr—lsTichol.as Niekleby, No, 7.
paid for I des-say, and wot a consolation oughtn't that to be
to her feeling

Lord Mansfield being willing to save a man who stole a
watch, desired the jury to value it at tenpence; upon which
the prosecutor cried out, "Ten-pence, yillord! why the very
fashion of it cost me five pounds." • , said his lordship,
" we must not hang a man for fashion sake."—Mirror.
A DOMESTIC PICTURE.—You may talk about the domes-
tic hearth, and the pleasures of home, and the family circle,
and all that sort o'thing, squire. It sounds very clever, and
reads dreadful pretty; but what does it end in at last? Why.,
a scoldin' wile with her shoes down at heel, a see-sawite in a
rockin'-chair; her hair either not done up at all, or all stuck
chock-full of paper and pins, like porcupine quills, a smokin'
chimbly a puttin' your eyes out ; crying children a screamin'
your ears out ; extravagant wasteful helps a emptying of
your pockets out, and the whole thing a worryin of your
patience out.—Sam Slick, New Series.
QUICK TRAVELLING IN 1767.—Mr. D'Alton, in his Me-
moirs of the Archbishops of Dublin, gives the following extract
of a letter from Mr. John Carpenter to Dr. Curry, as an
instance of what was deemed in those times expeditious
travelling: " I embarked on the 18th instant. I landed that
night at Holyhead, set out next morning in the van for Ches-
ter, which I reached, after a great deal of fatigue on the 20th,
and that same day took post for London, where I arrived on
-the 24th. * * * The great expedition of this joruney was
expensive; but it was necessary, as my lord has been here a
fortnight'.

ANECDOTE OF THE LATE SIR EDWARD NADI-E.—When a
young man, travelling in a post-chaise up Shooter's Hill, a
highwayman rode up, presented a pistol into the window.,
and demanded his money or his life. Sir Edward, then a
very athletic man, seized the arm of the ruffian, twisted the
pistol from it, dragged him through the window, and placing
him by Lis side to keep him quiet, ordered the post-boy to
drive on. The humble supplications of the robber were an-
swered with, " Be easy, boy, be easy; I won't hurt you."
Still the conscience-stricken highwayman kept pleading, till
at length the chaise'reached the captain's lodgings, S,A hen he
hauled the fellow out of the coach, walked him up to the s.l' ar -
ret, and locked themselves in. Sir Edward then took off his
coat, and said, " Now, sir, I neither mean to hang you nor
hurt you; but I'll just give you a broth of a bating;"'which
having accomplished, he opened the door, bade the robber
be off, and the next time he stopped a coach, to tap at the
window, and ask if Pat Nagel was inside, before-he ventured
to poke his pistol into it.
PREACHIN' TO THE NARVES INSTEAD OF THE JUDO;
MENT.—" 1 recollect a lady once tho,' converted by preachin -
to her nerves, that was an altered woman all the rest o' her
days." " How was that ?" said she;" these stories illustrate
the science of religion. I like to hear them." " There was a
lady," said I, (and I thought I'd give her a story for her
book,) "that tried to rule her husband a leetle tighter than
was agreeable—meddlin' with things she didn't understand,
and dictatin' in matters of politics and religion, and every-
thing a'most. So one day her husband had got up consider-
ably airly in the inornin', and went out and got a tailor, and
brought him into his wife's, bed-room, afore she was out
o' bed. Measure that woman, said he, for a pair of
breeches, she's determined to wear them, and I'm resolved
folks shall know it; and he shook the cow-skin over the
tailor's head to show him he intended to be obeyed. It cured
her : she begged, and prayed, and cried, and promised obe-
dience to her husband. He spared her, but it effectuated a
cure. Now that's what I call preachin' to the narves."—
Sam Slick.

AMERICAN TOURISTS.—" You must see for yourself—you
can't lam nothin' from books. I've read all the travels in
America, and there ain't one that's worth a cent. They
don't understand us. They remind me of a lawyei exam-
inin' of a witness; be don't want either the truth, or nothin'
but the truth, but he wants to pick out of him gist as much as
will prove bis case, d'ye see, and would like him to keep
dark about the rest; puts artful questions to him on purpose
to get an answer to suit him; stops him when be talks too
fast, leads him when he goes too slow, praises his own wit-
nesses sky high, and abuses the other side for lying,- equivo-
catin', perjured villains. That's gist the ease with English
travellers; instead of lookin' all round and seein'. into things
first, and then comin' to an opinion, they make up their minds
afore they come, and then look for they
to support their
views. First comes a great high tory, and a republic smells
so bad in his nostrils, he's got his nose curl'd up like a pug-
nose all through his journey. He sees no established church,
and he swear's there's no religion ; and he sees no livery
helps, and he says its all vulgar; and if he sees a citizen spit,
he jumps a one side as scared as if it u-or a rifle agoin' off.
Then comes a radical, (and them English radicals are can-
tankerous-lookin' critters—that's a fact—as sour as vinegar,
and lookin' as cross and as hungry as a Lear gist starved out
the spring,) and they say we have the slavery of opinion
here; that our preachers want moral courage, and that our
great cities are caused with the aristocracy of wealth. There
is no pleasin' either on 'ern.—Then come what minister used
to call the optimists, a set of folks who talk you deef about
the perfectibility of human natur' ; that men like caterpillars,
will all turn into beautiful critters with wings like butterflies,
-La sort of grub angels;—that our great nation is a paradise,
and our folks gist gettin' out o' the chroysolis state into
something divine. I seldom or never talk to none o' them,
unless it be to b.am'em. They think they know everything,
and all they got to do is, tii op the Hudson like a shot, into
the lakes full split, off to Mississippi and down to New Or-
leans full chisel, back to New York and up Hillock, and
home in a liner, and write a book. They have a whole stock
of notes. Spittin—gougin'—lynchin'—burnin' alive—steam-
boats blowed up—snags--slavery—stealin'--Texas—state
prisons—men talk slow—women talk loud—both walk fast
—chat in steam-boats and stage-coaches—anecdotes—and so
on. Then out comes a book. It' it's a tory writes it, then
the tory- paper says it's the best pictur' they have seen;—
lively, interestin', intelligent. If a radical, then radical
papers say its a very philosophical work, (whenever a feller
gets over his head in it, and cruel unintelligible, he's deep
iu philosophy, that chap,) statesman-like view, able work,
throws great light on the politics of the day. I wouldn't give
a chaw of tobackey for the books of all of 'em tied up anti
put into a meal bag together."—Samuel Slack.

USEFUL. TO ENTIGRANTS.—Few persons are aware. that in
the eastern part of Lower Canada, and along the British
frontier, there is a tract et land called the St. Francis dis-
trict, in which the eastern townships are comprelieuded.
This locale has been overlooked by emigrants who have pro-
ceeded direct to Upper Canada, or the valley of the Ohio,
when they might be accommodated much better and cheaper
with infinitely less trouble, and so save themselves a thou-
sand miles journey. The seignioral system of Lower Canada
does not extend to the eastern townships, the tenure of the
lands there being free and common soccage on the English
principle ; the soil is of the most fertile description, and the'
scenery the most beautiful and luxuriant ima,s"inable, being
diversified by bill, valley, dale, lake, river, and forest ; and
topographers declare that it bears a strong similarity in
its general features to the north of England. The inhabi-
tants are principally the descendants of the American loyalists
who vacated their pleasant seats on the other side of the
boundary line, when the independence of the United States
was ratified, and who are now among the most enthusiastic
assertors of the British supremacy in Canada. The habitans
look upon them with jealousy and dislike, on account of their
superior enterprise and perseverance, and because they find
them their most formidable rivals in the supply of the Mon-
treal markets. In this favoured region all•the advantages of
other sites are to be found, while a settlement here is attended
with fewer disadvantages than elsewhere. The lands are all
more or less cleared, the roads are made out, they are in the
vicinity of markets, and, that great desiteratum in all colonial
places, a most excellent syptein of education is established.
The system of law is British, and is administered by local
courts, having no dependence upon those tribunals where the
old French polity is still maintained. It has long been a
matter of astonishment that emigrants should overlook this
part of the country, which is so entirely within their reach;
take long journeys into the upper province; or change their
habits, manners, associations, and allegiance, by a profitless
experiment in Illinois and the western states; when a journey
of less than 200 miles from Quebec would set them down iu
one of the most highly-faveured spots in the British dominions.
It is not less surprising that the emigration agents of govern-
ment should not have turned their attention to this quarter,
as the encouragement of settlers there would line the frontier
with a race of sturdy and British subjects, presenting an im-
pregnable barrier against American encroachment. on the.
one side, and Canadian restlessness and disaffection on the
other.—Atlas.

THE COUNTRY MANAGER'S PONY.—" He's a good pony
at bottom," said Mr. Crumles, turning to Nicholas. He
might have been at bottom, but he certa;nlY was not at top,
seeing that his coat was of the roughest and most ill-favoureCt
kind. So Nicholas merely observed, that he shouldn't won-
der if he was.—" Many and many is the circuit this pony has
gone," said Mr. Crumles, flicking him skilfully on the eyelid
for old acquaintance sake. "Is quite one of us. His mo-
ther was on the stage."—" Was she, indeed ?" rejoined Ni-
cholas.—" She ate apple-pie at a:circus fir upwards of 'four-'
teen years," said the manager; " fired pistols, and went to
bed in a night-cap; and, in short, took the low comedy en-
tirely. His father was a dancer."—" Was he at all distin-
guished?"—" Not very," said the manager, "He was rather
a low sort of pony. The fact is, that he had been originally
jobbed out by the day, and he never quite got Over his old
habits. He was clever in meld-drama too, but too broad, too
broad. When the mother died, he took the port wine. busi-
ness."—" The port wine business!" cried Nicholas.—" Drink-
ing port wine with the clown," said the manager; " but lie
was greedy, and one night bit off the bowl of the glass, and
chocked himself, so that his vulgarity was the death of bins
at last."—Nicholas Nickleby.
CuulasiTtEs FROM ST. KILDA.—We have been favoured
with a sight of two metallic ornaments which were brought
from St. Kilda by a gentleman who lately visited that remote
spot
" placed far amid the melancholy main."
Both are for the adornment of the person, and both for the
decoration of the breast. The one is a round piece of iron,
in shape like the washer of one of our railway waggons, only
it is much ruder in its shape, and that it has a piece of wire
wrapped round it for a tongue. It is intended for a breast-
pin, was taken from the plaid of one of the prettiest girls on
the island, and is a melancholy proof of the low state of taste
in the arts enjoyed by the natives—being such an article as
we could imagine would be found in use among the aborigines
of New South Wales. The other article is one of several of
the same kind that was found in digging, lying among a heap
of human bones. It is very probably a military gorget—
being made of fine brass, in two pieces, the outer one richly
reticulated and ornamented with embossed figures. How
could such a military ornament, of fine manufacture, be de-
posited in so remote and lonely a situation ? Could any of
the-vessels of the Spanish Armada, many of which rounded-
the Hebrides, he wrecked on the island? This is the most
probable supposition, and is the solution of the difficulty
which has occurred to the possessor of the curiosity. Both
of the articles may be seen at our office for a few days.—Kil-
marnock Jeurnal.

EATING A NEWSPAPER.—A few years ago the National
Intelligence:- had some sensible remarks on the subject of edit-
ing a Paper. One idea expressed; has frequently struck us
with great force. Many people estimate the ability of a
Newspaper, and the industry and talent of its Editor, by the
variety and quantity of Editorial matter which it contains.
Nothing can be more fallacious. It is comparatively an easy
task for a writer to pour out daily columns of words—words
upon any and all subjects. His ideas may flow in one " weak,
washy, everlasting flood," and his command of language
May enable him to string them together like bunches of
onions, and yet his paper may be a meagre, and poor con-
cern. But what is the labour, the toil of such a man„ who
displays his " leader matter" so largely, to that imposed
upon the judicious, well-informed editor, who exercises his
vocation, with an hourly consciousness of its responsibilities,
and its duties, and devotes himself to the conduct of his
paper, with the same care and assiduity that a sensible lawyer
bestows upon a suit, or a humane physician upon a patient,
without regard to show or display ! Indeed the mere teriling
Fart of editing a paper is but a small portion of the work.
I'he industry even is not shown there. The care, the taste,
the time employed in selectiog is far more important, and
the tact of a good editor is shown more by his selection than
any thing else; and that we all know, is half the battle.
But as we have said an editor ought to be estimated, and his
labours understood and appreciated, by the general conduct
of his paper—its tone, its temper, its manner, its uniform
consistent course, its principles, its aims, its manliness, its
courtesy, its dignity, its propriety. To preserve all these as
they should he preserved, is enough to occupy fully the time
and attention of any man. If to this be added the geneial
supervision of the newspaper establishment, which most
editors have to encounter, the wonder is, how they can find

time, or " head-room," to write at all.— iVew York Herald.

NEW POOR Laws.—On Thursday last, two pauper child-
ren, boys, in the uorkhouse of the Thingoe union, Were
brought before the Magistrates at Bury St. Edmunds, on
charge of running away from the union workhouse, and also
of stealing two suits of clothes. Evidence was given that
the children had escaped out of the house, and the stealing
consisted of their having gone out with their clothes on. e
magistrates,after expatiating upon the enormity 'of the offence
committed by the urchins, and their own lenienev, sentenced
the children to 14 days hard labour.—Sulfotk Herald.

7.7c05z10 Entrab for toabing.
(SINCE OUR LAST PUBLICATION.)

• WEST INDIES AND MADEIRA.
Hannah, J Rriegs 287 Barbadoes, J Poole & Co
Orlando, T Blair, 314 llavana, Ashley Brothers
SOUTH AMERICA.

Pearl, G J Carrick,
Superior, T Walker,
