COURT CIRCULAR.

Nnsoit.—Ttruasnay.—The Queen rode in tl.e park this
afternoon, accompanied by the Duchess of Kent, and attended
by Lady Barham, Baroness Lehun, Lnrd Melbourne, Hon.
Col. Cavendish, Lord Surrey, Lord A. Paget, and Mr. Rich.
The Hon. Misses Cox and Cavendish succeeded the Hou.
Miss Lister and Miss Paget in waiting as maids of honour.
The Hon. Mr. and Mrs. B. Paget, who arrived yesterday,
took their departure this afternoon.
Lady T. Digby succeeded Lady C. Copley iu waiting.

BRIGHTON.—THURSDAY.—The Princess Augusta arrived
this afternoon, precisely at four o'clock, from Windsor, accom-
panied by Lady Mary Pelham. Her royal highness's arrival
was announced by a royal salute from the battery. The prin-
cess will remain here three months.
The palace is prepared for her Majesty; but no definite in-
structions have been received as to the precise day of the re-
moval of the court from Windsor.
The Princess Augusta, attended by Miss Wynyard, left her
residence, Froginure Lodge, near Windsor, at ten o'clock on
Thursday morning, for Brighton.
The Princess Augusta of Cambridge, attended by Baroness
Ahlefeldt, came to town on Thursday. Her royal highness
returned to Kew in the afternoon.

WiNnsort.—Fiti DAY.—The Queen, attended by the follow-
ing party, took exercise on horseback this morning : Ladies
Barham and Dishy; Baroness Lehzen ; Lords Surrey, By-
ron, and Melbourne; Mr. Digby, Mr. Bich, and Colonel
Cavendish.

DEATH OF LADY JOHN RUSSELL

BelGicroN.—Fitionv.—lt is with the deepest regret that
we have to announce the death of this lady, which event took
place yesterday afternoon at Kemp Town. Her ladyship,
from the time she began to decline, never rallied. The
Duchess of Bedford passed the whole of Wednesday night at
Kenip Town. Lord John Russell and the Bedford family
are in the deepest grief at this melancholy event. Her lady'.
ship was about 3-1 years of age. She was the eldest daughter
of Thomas Lister, Esq., and was married to Lord Ribbles-
dale on the 9th February, 1826, and to Lord John Russell
about two years ago. This was her sixth confinement.
The Princess Augusta, accompanied by Miss \Vynyard,
drove out on the King's-road this morning before luncheon.
Her royal highness's equipage is distinguished by a single
outrider.
The following called to pay their respects to her roval high-
ness in the course of the day:—Colonel O'Reilly and the Du-
chess of Roxburghe, Lady Keats, Lady Hyde Parker, Lady
and Miss Bustle, Lieutenant-Colonel and Lady Noah, and
Lady Chambers.

WIND:son, SUNDAY.—Yesterday the Queen rode in the
park on horseback, and her Royal Highness the Duchess of
Kent drove to Kensington and back.
This morning her Majesty attended Divine service at St.
George's Chapel. The Rev. J. Gore read the service, and
the Hnn. and Very Rev. the Dean of Windsor, assisted by
the Rev. Mr. Musgrave, officiated at the altar. The latter
divine preached an admirable sermon from the 13th chap.
Hebtews, part of the sth and 6th verse. The service was
Traver's in F., the Sanctus and responses Jomelle, and the
anthem " In the beginning," followed by "the Heaven's
are telling," from Haydn's oratorio the Creation. The fol-
lowing attended her Majesty at the chapel:—Lord Surrey,
Lord and Lady Howard de Walden. Viscount Palmerston,
Lord Byron, Lads Mary Stopford, Baroness Lehzen. Lady
Barham, Lady J. Dighy, Hon. Misses Cox and Caven-
dish, Mr. Rich and Mr. Digt,y.
The Duke of Argyll, Lord and Lady Howard de Walden,
and Viscount Palmerston arrived at the Castle yesterday af-
ternoon.
To-morrow the Queen will hold a council at the castle.
This afternoon the Queen honoured the company on the
terrace with her presence. The military bands were in at-
tendance.

FASIIIONS FOR NOVEMBER.

(From the World of Fashion Monthly Magazine.)

PELISSES will be fashionable in different materials, as silks,
satins, and plain fine merinos. Some of the latter made with
the corsages high, and close to the shape, and closed before
by a single row of gilt buttons; the sleeves are full in the
centre, but confined by a tight cuff fastened by buttons to
correspond. Gilt and fancy buttons will be in request for
dresses of this kind during the ensuing season.
SPENCERS.—This fashion, so long laid upon the shelf, will
be revived this winter, both fur carriage dress and fur the
theatres; those adapted for the first will be velvet, made
high and close, and trimmed either with expensive fur, or
fancy silk trimmings. The others will be of light-coloured
satins, opening in the shawl style, but trimmed, instead of a
pelerine, with a bouillon of tulle, edged with a row of blond
lace. Large sleeves trimmed at the top with bouillons of
tulle. _

CLOAK 3.-1 here is a grand distinction made between those
iutented for carriage or promenade dress, and those employed
for the evening wraps; the majority of the first are confined
at the waist with cords and tassels, in the pelisse style, and
made as long and ample as usual. Short cloaks are most in
favour for the latter. _ _ _

ATS AND BONNaTS.—A decided diminution has taken
place in the size of both. Nothing is more elegant for half-
dress than a velvet bonnet of a small and rather close shape,
something between a cotta;,;e and an open front : a bouquet
of short shaded feathers is placed on one side, and a few small
flowers, sometimes intermixed with blond lace, and some-
tunes not, decorate the interior of the brim.
SHAWL MANTELETS.—The velvet and satin shawls so
much in favour last year have been again revived with che-
nille
fur, and black face trimming, but the novelly of the
moment, the shawl par excellence, is the shawl mantle; it is
of the usual form, but disposed in front on each side in folds
in such a :nauner as to supply the place of sleeves.
Forests or ROBES IN EVENING DRESS.—FIat corsages
will be most in favour. Corsages draped en cceur will not,
however, be laid aside; indeed, the fashion is too pretty and
becoinming to he easily abandoned; but whatever form the
upper part of the corsage may have, it must determine in a
point. If the sleeve is long, the Victoria form will remain
in favour; if short, it may be tight, with a trimming of the
menchette kind, or else disposed in smallthouillons. The
skirts ate decidedly wider than those of last year.
Titimmixds Foe Ev ENING ROBES.— Feather fringe and
flowers will be in equal favour ; embroidery is expected to
lose nothing of its vogue, and flowers, though they have been
so long in request, will continue as fashionable as ever. But
the trimming expected to be most in request, is old fashioned
point lace.
EVENING HATS are now composed of either velvet or
Terry velvet, shallow in front and wide at the sides ; they are
always ornamented with ostrich feathers, either plain or
shaded, but the latter are preferred.
BONNETS a L'ECLAI te, leave the forehead exposed, allow-
ing the ringlets in which the hair is always dressed with this
cap, to fall over the temples; but a rouleau of riband, edged
with blond lace, forms a diadem over the forehead, and is
placed very far back.

STATIONS OF• TH
ON THE IST 11M :
(From the United

B BRITISH ARMY
NOVEM REIS, 1838.
Service Journal.)

Where two places are mentioned
the depot of the regi

L, the last named is that at which
iment is stationed.]

Ist Life Guards—Regent's Park
_!d—Hyde Park
Royal llorse Guards—Windsor
la Drgn Gds—Canada; Covtry
2d—Newbridge
3,l—Manchester
4th—lpsnich
hth—l ork
6th—Dorchester
7th—Edinburgh
Ist Dragoons—Cork
2d—Duhlin
3,l—Bengal
4th—Bombay
6th—Cahir
7th llusanrs—Canada; Covtry.
Bth—Dundalk
9th Lancers—Leeds
10th Hussars—Hounslow
11th Light Dragoons—Cantrbry.
12th Lancers—Brighton
13th Light Dragoons—Madras
14th-13irminghatn
15th Hussars—Glasgow
16th Lancers—Bengal
Mb—Dublin
Grenadier Guards (Ist bait.) St.

40th Foot—Bombay ; Chatham
41st—Madras ; Chatham
41d—Dublin
43d—Canada; Dover
44th—Bengal ; Chatham
45th—Canterbury
46th—Gibraltar; Devonport
-17th—Malta; Jersey
48th—Gibraltar; Cork
49th—Bengal •, Chatham
s,3lt—N, S. Wales ; Chatham
51st—V. D. Land ; Chatham
52dt—W. Indies; Newcastle
53d—Ionian Isles ; Naas
59th—Madras; Chatham
55th—Madras; Chatham
56th—Jamaica ; Kinsale
57111—Madras; Chatham
58tIrr—Ceylon ; Fethard
59th—Malta ; Mullingar
Grath (Ist battn.)—lonian Isles
Dublin

John's Wood
(2d hatt. )—Canada
(3d hatt.)—St. George's Bar.
Coldstream Guards (Ist battln )
(2d hatt )—Canada
Scotch Fusileer Guards (Ist hatt.}

Windsor
(2d batt.)—Wellington Bar.
Ist Foot (Ist ham —l.ldinhurgh '
(2d batt. )—Canada ; Deronport
2d Foot—Bombay; Chatham
3d—Bengal; Chatham
4th—Madras; Chatham
sth—lonian Isles ; Dublin
rah—Bombay ; Chatham
7th—Dublin
Ath—Jamaica; Guernsey
9th —Bengal ; Chatham
10th—Templemore
11th—America; Chatham
Ilth —Mauritius • Tralee
13th—Bengal ; Chatham'
14th—West Indies ; Brecon
15th—Canada ; Plymouth
16th—Bengal; Chatham
17th—Bombay ; Chatham
18th—Ceylon ; Portsmouth •
19th—Kilkenny
'2oth—Manchester
21st—V. Dieman's Ld; Chatham
22d—Belfast
23d— America ; A rmagh
24th—Canada; Gosport
25th—Dublin
Mb—Bengal ; Chatham
27th—C. of G. Hope ; Dover
28th—N.S. Wales; Chatham
29th—Plymouth
30th—Bermuda; Sunderland
31st—Bengal ; Chatham
321—Canada ; Fermoy
33d—Gibraltar; Carlisle
34th—Canada ; Fermoy
35th—Mauritius; Stirling
36th—America ; Kinsale
37th—Jamaica ; Cork
380—Enniskillen
39th—Madras; Chatham
• Order,

(2d bat.)—lon. Isles ;Portsmth.
61st—Ceylon ; Clonmel
62d—Madras; Chatham
6:ld—Madras ; Chatham
64th—Jamaica ; Londonderry
9501—America
66th—Canada ; Youghal
67th—West Indies; Chatham
68th—Jamaica ; Waterford
69th—West Indies; Cork
70th—West Indies; Nenagh
7lst—Canadn ; Buttevant
72d—C. U. Hope ; Paisley
731—Canada; Clare Castle
7 Rh—West Indies; Aberdeen
75th—C. G. hope ; Boyle
76th—West Indies ; Drogheda
77th—Malta; Galway
78th—Glasgow
79th—Dublin
80th—N. S. Wales; Chatham
SW—Gibraltar ; Chester Castle
82d—Gibraltar ; Sheerness
83d—Canada ; Hull
filth—Portsmouth
85th—Canada ; Plymouth
86th—Stockport
Rith —NI a untitts ; Castlebar
88th —Bolton
89th—West Indies ; Gosport
90th—Ceylon ; Portsmouth
9lst—St. Helena ; Dundee
92d—Malta ; Limerick
93d—America ; Buttevant
• 94tha—Cork
95tha—Newry
96th—Dublin
97th—Birr
98th—Bolton
99th—Athlone
Rifle Brigade ( let batty—+Tower
(2d hatt.—Woolwich
Royal Staff Corps—Hythe
IstW. In Regt.—St. Lucia, Sze.
'2d-N. Providence & Honduras
ICeylon Rifle Regiment—Ceylon
Cape Mounted Riflemen —Cape

of Good Hope
Royal Afri,:an Colonial Corpa—
Sierra
__ Leone

Royal N.4flci:Vet;ian Compy,
Newfoundand

' Royal Malta Fencibles—Malta
!d home.

THE LATE 1i I; RR ICA NE.—Early on Monday morning this
part of the country (Taunton) was visited by a furious hur-
ricane; which did considerable damage in the town and
neighbourhood. A great number of fine trees have been
blown down in all directions; chimnies have fallen, and
many roofs have been divested of their tiles and lead; but
happily we have heard of no serious personal injury having
been sustained. During the height of the gale, a stack of
eliiinnies on the house of Mr. Clement Drake fell with a tre-
mendous crash, breaking through the roof into the bed•roona
in which Mr. and Mrs. Drake were sleeping. From the great
weight of the materials, the falling mass broke through the
bed-room floor and through that of the room underneath,
making its way to the ground floor. Fortunately no lives
were lost.—Dorset Chronicle.
DISGRACEFUL TRICK.—We have had lately and (we re-
gret to say, more than once) to notice the sending of letters
through the Post-office under the seals of which Detonating
Powders were concealed ; but the most heartless and atrocious
instance of the kind that has come to our knowledge oc-
curred on Monday. On !hat day a letter was delivered at
. the lodgings of a lady in this city. It was sealed with black
wax, and, apprehensive that it contained unfavourable intel-
Ilgence of a tittle son who was at school and in delicate

health, she opened it hastily. On breaking the seal a deto-
nating powder exploded, lacerating three of her fingers,
wounding her under one of the eyes, and terrifying her to
a degree which might have thrown her (as the same cruel and
cowardly experiment has thrown others) into hysterics.
What could be the motive of the villain (if it was a man) by
whom this nefarious deed was done, is not easy to conjec-
ture. There is not in the city, one would think, a person less
likely to become an object of hostility than the lady in ques-
tion. She is a widow—left a widow at two-and-twenty—her
husband snatched away by cholera one day—her mother
taken by the same fatal malady the next! Surely if any-
thing could insure her protection, she ought to find it here.
We hope the miscreant will be discovered, and if he be, it is
the determination of the gentleman who shewed us the letter
to punish him as far as the law provides a penalty. We have
doubts, however, whether the offender be a man —if he be,
it -is certainly only in form. The writing, though disguised,
we suspect to be that of a female. There was nothing inside
but the paper—part of an anti-slavery publication, and
headed, we think, " Cruelties icflicted on Captain Goss and
his wife"—in which the powder was made up. The wax was,
as we have mentioned, black, and the seal was inscribed
" Moria."d—Co7k Constitution.
