FANCY BALL AT 'FREED-EN-HOOP.

On Christmas-eve, Vincent Paradise, head labourer on the
above estate, and well known es the individual whose inflex-
ible integrity and rigid adherence to truth, John Scoble was
unable to shake, entertained the sable ladies and gentlemen
of his acquaintance with a fancy ball.
Ten or fifteen days previously to the 24th, cards of invita-
tion, executed in the most fashionable style, were issued, not
only to such as were to appear in fancy dresses, but also to
numbers of white gentlemen of the first respectability in the
neighbourhood.
The whole day was fine, and admirably fitted for arranging
the preparations of the evening. The last, or five o'clock
boat from the town-side of the ferry, was crowded from stem
to stern, and from larboard to starboard, with people of all
classes and colours, from the metropolis ; the deck was
covered, over its length and breadth, with baskets, tin canis-
ters, and band-boxes, filled with the robes of dukes and
duchesses, of lords and ladies, and of peasants and country
girls. Knots, epaulettes, plumes, and such ornaments as
would suffer from being bruised, were laid carefully on the
binnacle, on canister lids, or carried in the hands. On arriv-
ing at the Vreed-en-Hoop Ferry Stelling, all was found to
be hurry, joy, and expectation; happiness beamed on every
countenance, and the greatest enemy of the colony would
have sought in vain for any, even the least, symptom of the
distress and oppression under which they have represented
the labourers as suffering. The room in which the assem-
bly met is a large logie among the buildings on Vreed-en-
Hoop ; and to it, from all directions, were seen hurrying,
gentlemen in great numbers, some in gigs, and others on
horseback. Many of the girls and boys who were to appear
in characters drove to the place in the chaises and convey-
ances of their employers, in order to prevent their dresses and
ornaments from being injured by walking. Proprietors,
attorneys, and managers of estates, up the river and down
the coast, merchants, doctors, lawyers, magistrates, and pri-
vate gentlemen, from town and country, all assembled to
participate and rejoice in the evening's amusement.
The apartment that was fitted up for the occasion is in
length 87 feet, and in breadth 36, and its decorations were
on a style in the highest degree grand and elegant. It was
entered at one end, so that to a spectator going in at the
door, a full view of the whole scene presented itself. A large
beam runs the entire length of the room, and supports the
floor above it exactly in the middle. From this was sus-
pended a Hogarthian line of waving drapery, richly embroi-
dered with scarlet and gold, having arched spaces at intervals,
through which persons could piss from one side to the other.
It divided the apartment, through the whole length, into two
equal parts, leaving a space of 18 feet broad on each side for
the dancers. From the centre of the ceiling of each side
division was hung a row of brilliant chandeliers, fantastically
bedecked with variously-coloured ornaments ; and at the
outer extremity of both sides was suspended a similar row
of lamps, the whole composing a beautiful illumination. At
the upper end were executed, of evergreens and rich flowers,
a device comprising the initials of Victoria Regina, and be-
tween them the crown of Great Britain. On each side of
this burned a lamp of extraordinary brightness ; the whole
was over arched and embowered by two trees of liberty,
which were planted so that their unfading and luxuriant
boughs were entangled together above. A colonnade of
green branches rested on the floor, close to the sides of the
room ; these ran the entire length of the 83 feet, and their
foliage was trained so as to overhang the chandeliers in the
middle of the side spaces. The orchestra was decorated in
a tasteful and fantastic manner.

About eight o'clock the fancy guests began to assemble,
and it was really difficult to know whether to admire most the
costliness and elegance of the dresses, or their appropriate-
ness to the rank and character they were intended to repre-
sent; kings and queens, lords and ladies, dukes and duchesses,
naval and military officers, chiefs and haughty dames of the
olden time, pirates and highwaymen, drunken sailors, and
beggars upon crutches, old men tottering and paralytic, and
women of equal age and frailty attending to them with an
affection and care apparently as great as if they had climbed
and descended the hill of life together. Little boys with
their whimsical and ludicrous trappings, and girls having
their brows encircled with chaplets and garlands of flowers ;
in a word, every variety of character that can well be ima-
gined was present on the occasion, and many of no character
at all.

Numbers of respectable ladies were irresistibly attracted to
survey the scene, and gentlemen of rank and standing mixed
freely among the sable group.
Previously to the ball being led off by Vincent Paradise
himself, who was king, and by his lady, who was queen,
Daniel Stron raised himself into an erect posture from off his
crutches, on which he, rested a body apparently wasted by
age and bent by decrepitude, and addressed the assembly in a
loud, clear, and distinct voice, to the following effect :
" Ladies and Gentlemen,—l see that the present meeting
is composed of the natives of England, Ireland, and Scotland.
It is to the exertions and good-will of the British nation, and
to the kindness of our good Queen Victoria, that we owe the
relieving of our necks from the yoke. It shall be our con-
stant endeavour, both as subjects of Queen Victoria and
as agricultural labourers in the colony of British Guiana, to
behave ourselves as becomes free men. I hope we shall never
disgrace our good Queen by acting in any way contrary to
her wish. I hope always to see plenty of labour and good
crops in this colony. Gentlemen, lam glad to see you all
here this evening, and I hope you will enjoy yourselves well."
As soon as Mr. Stron had concluded the speech, he bent
himself down upon his crutches, resumed his assumed cha-
racter of a mendicant, and supported it well throughout the

evening.
Dancing commenced about nine o'clock. There was room
sufficient for eight sets of quadrilles, and politeness and good
nature prevailed in the whole assembly.
About one o'clock, or rather after, supper was announced,
and there was a decorum observed in going to, while at, and
in coming from the table, that many assemblies of higher pre-
tensions might have been proud of.
Mr. Matheson, a gentleman engaged in the conducting of
the affairs of the Freed-en-Hop estate, was in the chair, and
Mr. Sanderson, the manager, was croupier. It was with pe-
culiar satisfaction that we observed seated, at the same table,
the labourer and his employer, together with magistrates,
professional and private gentlemen. It was a rich entertain-
ment for a benevolent eye to behold, gentlemen of rank and
standing in the colony encouraged, by their presence, the in-
fant efforts of our emancipated population to rise into re-
spectability, independence, and into the refinements of civi-
lised life.
When the cloth was removed, the Chairman gave " The
Queen ;" and after the hearty cheers and acclamations which
the toast had called forth had subsided, Vincent Paradise
returned thanks, and expressed himself to the following im-

port :
" Ladies and Gentlemen,—ln the name of the labourers
upon this estate, I will return thanks for the health of her
Majesty Queen Victoria. We all feel grateful for the gift of
our freedom. I have been headman On Vreal-en-Hoop, in
slavery time, in 'prentice time, and since free, and have al-
ways seen good men well-treated ; and I do not think that
good honest labourers, who were willing to work, were ever
badly treated ; they might be by some masters, but not many.
From the goodness of Queen Victoria that gave us our free-
dom, we have all opportunities of making ourselves comfort-
able and independent ; and I hope there will not be a negro
found in all this colony who will prove ungrateful to the
Queen and to the people of England for the important gift
that they have bestowed upon us. Gentlemen, I am very
happy to see you all here, and much obliged to you for com-
ing; and I sincerely trust that the pleasure and harmony of
this evening may be the forerunners of future peace and good
understanding between the proprietors and the labourers of
the colony." Mr. Paradise concluded his speech amid loud
and continued cheering.
Mr. Sanderson gave "The Governor and Court of Policy."
This was received with great enthusiasm and loud cheering.
Mr. Matheson rose and said—" In the absence of Mr.
Stuart, the attorney of this estate, I have one other toast to
propose, and in doing so I may be allowed to say that it has
been Mr. Stuart's wish, as it has been my endeavour, to cul-
tivate a good understanding between the employer and those
who conducted the labour of the estates, and I trust that the
good feeling which now prevails between the employer and
labourers, on this estate, may long continue to the mutual
benefit and satisfaction of both parties. 1 will now propose
health, prosperity, and happiness to our hosts on this occa-
sion, and to all the labourers of British Guiana."
Mr. Vincent Paradise said, that he felt proud for that toast,
and hoped that all the labourers of British Guiana would ever
be found worthy of the good opinion of the proprietors ; and
concluded by proposing the health of Mr. Gladstone, and
peace and prosperity on all the estates.
Mr. Matheson.—l now beg to return thanks in the name
of Mr. Gladstone, for the favour just conferred on him, and
I way expreis the pleasure I am sure he would feel were he

now present here to witness the way in which his efforts to
make his labourers contented and happy are appreciated.
Mr. M'Clelland said, that, with the permission of the
chair, he wished to propose a toast. He prefaced it by say-
ing, that he would not detain the company by any lengthened
remarks, although the subject was one of a very soft, delicate,
and important nature, and well calculated to awaken all the
finer feelings of the soul, inasmuch as everything connected
with the harmonies and elegancies of human existence was
intimately connected with it. He wished to propose "The
Ladies." This was responded to with unbounded applause.
Mr. M'Cormick proposed " The Agricultural Interests of
this Colony," and said he challenged the Emerald Isle, the
Land of the Rose, the Land of the Thistle, and the Land of
the Leek, to produce a peasantry so contented, independent,
and happy as those which are in this colony. Attempts have
been made to poison their inexperienced minds, and sow the
seeds of discontentment among them ; but he was glad to
find that they were now beginning to know their friends from
their foes, and hoped that they would never become the
dupes of the latter.
This was suitably acknowledged.
Supper over, dancing was resumed and kept up with great
spirit until after daylight in the morning.
The dresses at this fancy ball, taken altogether, cost up-
wards of £3OO sterling, and the whole expenses of the enter-
tainment about £4OO.
These are the labourers that are mulcted of their wages,
and oppressed by their employers! May every hand be
withered that will ever again attempt to sow strife, mistrust
and dissension among our peaceful and happy peasantry ;
and every tongue be silenced that may endeavour to poison
their minds !

The Guiana Royal Gazette, noticed in the preceding
article, furnishes us with some very interesting parti-
culars respecting the Colony of Puerto Rico, which we
may very properly lay before our readers at the present
crisis, when attempts are being Made to destroy our
West India Colonies, by placing the slave-grown pro-
duce of Foreign Colonies on the same. footing as the
produce of our own free-labour Colonies.
It appears that the number of slaves in Puerto Rico
is usually estimated at from 46,000 to 50,000. It is
supposed that there are three or four times as many
free persons, natives of the island, who are considered
the same as the whites. The island is about 100 miles
long, and 40 broad, of which not more than one-third
is in cultivation. The annual produce is about 100,000
hogsheads of sugar, of 1500 lbs. each; 100,000 bags
and upwards of coffee, of 100 lbs. each; besides mo-
lasses, rum, and cotton. The crop of tobacco in 1839
is said to have been about 8,000,000 lbs., most of
which was shipped to the continent of Europe. The
produce of Puerto Rico is now annually increasing to
a very considerable extent.
The statement from which the preceding statistical
details are extracted, says that "Brazil, Columbia,
Cuba, Hayti, and Puerto Rico consume from four to
six millions annually of British manufactured goods."
Having stated this, it adds—" It is only reasonable
that British merchants should have it in their power to
remit the produce of these countries to Britain in pay-
ment : and it is also reasonable that the people of Bri-
tain should have their choice of sugar and coffee from
any and from all quarters, while they are able and will-
ing to pay for them." This assumption is merely an
echo to the cant of such men as William Ewart, Esq„
and other equally enlightened advocates of the system
of " free trade," the extension of which has already

proved so detrimental to our Colonial interests. How-
ever " reasonable" the above proposition may appear
to some parties, it would be utterly inconsistent on
the part of the British government to make any such
concession as that which the advocates of the free-trade
principle suggest. This country has been engaged for
a great many years in entering into treaties and con-
ventions for the suppression of the slave-trade. In
furtherance of this humane enterprise we have formed
settlements on the coast of Africa, which have proved
the graves of thousands of our countrymen, and have
expended millions in maintaining a fleet of cruisers, on
board of which thousands of our bravest sailors have
fallen a sacrifice in the cause of philanthropy. After
all this expenditure of money and loss of life, in the en-
deavour to put down slavery and the slave-trade, it
would certainly be highly inconsistent to permit slave-
grown produce to be imported and brought into the-Bri-
tish market for consumption. In the emphatic language
of the Royal Gazette, " it is easy to conceive the opi-
nion that would be formed of a Government and people
that would liberate their own slaves'at cost of twenty
millions of pounds sterling—who have spent so much
treasure, and sacrificed so many brave and valuable
lives, and laboured for so many years to suppress the
slave-trade—it is easy to conceive the opinion that
would be formed of a Government and a people who,
under these circumstances, could permit sugar and cof-
fee to he carried from an island, notoriously known to
be engaged in that accursed traffic, and which sugar
and coffee are grown by slave-labour, to the British
markets for British consumption." If it be wrong to
carry on the infamous trade of man-stealing—a crime
so emphatically denounced in the Holy Scriptures ; if
it be sinful for a man to hold his fellow-man in a cruel
and degrading bondage ; how can it be otherwise than
improper to receive from the slave-traders and slave-
holders the produce which results from that trade.
This would be neither more nor less than offering a
bonus upon the continuance of the slave-trade and
slavery. If we should, unfortunately, so stultify our-
selves as to afford any such encouragement to this abo-
minable traffic, we should deserve to be denounced as
a nation of the most consummate hypocrites that ever
sacrificed the interests of humanity at the foul shrine
of Mammon.

Of course, the remarks which we have just offered
on this subject have no reference to Hayti, or, we be-
lieve, to Columbia, as far as slavery is concerned.
Hayti stands in a far different position from Puerto
Rico, Cuba, and Brazil. In Hayti there is no sudr

thing as slavery, and, as far as that island is con-
cerned, there would be no inconsistency on the part of
the British Government in removing the existing re-
strictions on the importation of its produce for home
consumption. Indeed, we almost feel disposed to ad-
vocate the propriety of admitting the produce of St.
Domingo on the same conditions as that of our own
Colonies, by way of inducing Foreign nations to recog-
nize the policy, as well as the propriety, of resorting to
a speedy emancipation of their slaves.
Independently, however, of the inconsistency of ad-
mitting slave .grown produce on the same terms as that
of our free Colonies, there
,is another consideration
which must be kept in view. It would be an act of
gross injustice to our own Colonies. This country re-
stricts the West India Colonies, not only in the scale

of sugar, but in the purchase of those articles which
our Colonies require. Our own Colonies are compelled
to take our manufactured produce in exchange for their

own commodities.

Can we enforce such a restriction

on Foreign Colonies ? How can we expect to destroy
the monopoly which our own Colonies enjoy, so long
as we claim a monopoly in the supply of such manu-
facturers as they may find necessary ?
The truth is, that, under the present system, and
until labour is more abundant in the West Indies, we
cannot possibly compete with those Colonies in which
slavery exists. To prove this, we shall enter into a
comparison between the amount of produce raised in
Jamaica, under the system of free labour, and in Puerto
Rico, under a system of rigid slavery. The Island of
Jamaica, with a labouring population of 300,000 souls,
56,233 hogsheads,
shipped in 1837, 7,488 tierces, and
2,236 barrels of sugar; and 8,955,1781b5. of coffee.
Taking the average of the hogsheads at 1,8001b5.,
the tierces at 1,2001b5., and the barrels at 2501b5., these
would give an aggregate of 110,764,0001b5. of sugar.
Puerto Rico, with a population of only 40,000 slaves,
shipped 100,000 hogsheads of sugar, of 1,500 lbs. each,
equal to 150,000,0001b5., or 39,236,0001b5. more than
Jamaica. Puerto Rico also shipped 100,000 bags of
coffee, of 1001bs. each, equal to 10,000,0001b5., or
1,044,823Th5. more than Jamaica. This took place
before the apprentices were finally liberated in Jamaica.
Since that period, as we showed in a recent number,
the exports from Jamaica have materially diminished.
How is it possible, under these circumstances, that the
British West India Colonies can compete with such
Colonies as Puerto Rico, if we admit the produce of the
latter for home consumption on the same terms as that
of the former ? Such a scheme is utterly impractica-
ble until slavery is universally abolished.

The Manchester Gtzardian of Saturday last contains
an article in reply to the remarks on the Corn Laws,
which appeared in the LIVERPOOL STANDARD of
Friday last. Our contemporary, after his wonted fa-
shion, shirks the real merits of the question. We as-
serted that the aggregate price of the grain produced in
this couutry would be diminished t 9 the extent of thirty-

three millions and a half by the repeal of the Corn
Laws. To this the Guardian replies—" Well, then, the
Corn Laws must now add thirty-three millions and a
half to the aggregate price of corn ; and, to the extent

to which the trading and manufacturing interests are
purchasers of this corn (say one half of the whole), they
have to pay this price over and above the amount they
would have to pay if there were no Corn Laws." This
is certainly a bold assumption ; but will it bear the test
of examination ? We think not. So long as the thirty-
three millions and a half are spent upon the manufac-
tures of the country they add, not to the price of the
corn, but to the capital of the manufacturer and the
wages of the operative. The repeal of the Corn Laws,
and the consequent reduction in the aggregate price of
grain, owing to foreign competition, would cause a cor-
responding reduction in the rate of wages and in the
profits of capital. Protection adds no more to the price
of corn than it does to the prices of manufactures. If
Foreign manufactured fabrics were introduced into this
country free of duty, the aggregate price of British ma-
nufactured goods would be very materially diminished
—probably in the same proportion nearly that the
aggregate price of corn would be diminished, in the
event of a repeal of the Corn Laws : but it would be
absurd to say that the duties now existing on the im-
portation of Foreign manufacelirers adds anything to
the price of British manufactures.

The Guardian says that the manufacturers and
trades are " compelled by the corn-laws to pay
£16,750,000 more for their bread than it would cost
under a system of free trade." How much are the
agriculturists now compelled to pay more for the ma-
nufactured goods which they consume than they
would have to pay under a system of free trade The
home consumption of manufactures is estimated at
-e218,126,115. Of this amount those connected with
agriculture may be fairly said to consume about two-
thirds—say £140,000,000. Under a system of free
trade, Foreign manufactures might be obtained at least
33 per cent cheaper than they can be sold by British
manufacturers. This would be a saving of £47,000,000
to the agricultural interest. But can it be fairly said
that the "agricultural interests are compelled by the,
existing duties on Foreign manufactures to pay
£47,000,000 more than the manufactures which they
want would cost under a system of free trade 1" This,
to our apprehension, is precisely the argument which
the Guardian brings forward against the corn-laws.
We do not admit its force in the one case any more
than we do in the other.

We showed, on Friday, that the probable reduction
on the whole agricultural produce of the country, un-
der a system of free trade in corn, would amount
to about £135,000,000. The farmer against this
would have a set-off of 25 millions, or thereabouts, in
rent : but there would still remain £110,000,000 to be
reduced on labour and expenses incidental to agricul-
tural business. Supposing these £135,000,000, now
spent and circulated in Great Britain, to be entirely
cut off—how much would be lost to the manufacturer?
Both rich and poor would still require the same amount
of food as before. Where must retrenchment come
from ? Will it not be from spending less in manufac-
tures ? To use the language of an eminent statist,
" How would the manufacturer make up for the loss
of his home customer? He tells us that he is beaten
by 40 or 50 per cent. by the foreigner. Taking the
earnings of every operative at los. per week, the sum
paid for manual labour in manufactures is nearly
£130,000,000; upon that a reduction may be sup-
posed to take place equal in extent to the reduc-
tion of the price of corn. Allowing half this
sum paid for labour to be required by the ope-
rative for the purchase of bread and flour, the
amount of such saving, at twenty-five per cent.
would be £16,250,000. Now, how is this reduction
to compete with the 40 or 50 per cent. by which the
manufacturer says he is beaten ? supposing that out
of £135,000,000 of decrease. upon the value of agri-
cultural produce, added to 25 millions less rent to the
landlord, altogether £160,000,000, 100 millions went
immediately to the manufacturer. Where is the sale
for his goods to he found ? lie has enabled himself
to reduce the price of his goods six per cent. and a
decimal. Oh, says the manufacturer, - the foreigner
will take our goods in exchange for his own. What !
when the foreigner can buy articles to wear 34 per cent.
cheaper in his own country ?"
A correspondent, in the Manchester Guardian of
Wednesday, has also animadverted upon our article of
Friday last. His whole argument, however, proceeds
on the assumption "that a greatly increased export of
our manufactured goods would greatly increase the
consumption of agricultural produce," of course ex-
cluding grain. He appears to have entirely overlooked
the remark which we made " that the price of grain
regulates the prices of other articles of agricultural
produce." If this be the case, and it is generally
acknowledged to he so, how 'is the farmer to benefit
from an increased consumption of those " other
articles"—those articles being much less profitable than
grain. If, after the repeal of the corn laws it would
not pay the farmers to cultivate grain, of what advan-
tage would it he to raise a greater quantity of less
profitable produce ?

We rejoice to find that the " thunderbolts" of the
Times are, at length, hurled at that impious and blas-
phemous' print, the Weekly Dispatch. That vile, de-
graded, and atheistical print has laboured with inces-
sant assiduity in preparing the minds of the lower
classes for the reception of the disgusting and filthy
doctrines of Socialism. For many years past the

Weekly Dispatch has contained a series of virulent
and blasphemous letters from the pen of a wretched
atheist, named Williams, we believe, under the assumed
signature of " Publicola." These letters, owing to the
enormous circulation of the paper, have had a most
alarming effect upon the minds of the working classes.
This is but too evident from the recent spread of So-
cialism. The Times is entitled to the thanks of the
whole community for its endeavours to crush the
venomous reptile " Publicola." The " thunderer"
rarely darts his bolts without effect, We hope they
will, in this instance, prove as lethiferous in their aim
as they have usually done. We call upon all our
readers to co-operate in the endeavour to banish the

Weekly Dispatch from every circle of society. It is a
scandal to the nation that such an abominable publi-
cation should be permi+ted to exist.

The atrocious language in which the Radical press
of this country has recently indulged towards the
Duke of Wellington, and that at a period when he was
lying on a sick bed, cannot fail to excite feelings of the
strongest indignation and disgust in every well-regu-
lated mind. But it has been reserved to the special
organ of O'Connell—that " base, bloody, and brutal
ruffian—to outdo the vilest of the English Radical
prints, in its foul and truculent abuse of the illustrious
hero. In this respect, the last number of the Dublin •
Pilot " bangs Banagher" hollow. It is thus that this
scurrilous print dwells upon the Duke's illness, in an
article which is impudently and mendaciously headed
" The Rebel" :—" The Iron Duke was the last prop of
a tottering faction ; but the iron rusts, and adamant
becomes earth. That light already flickers which
dazzled and deluded the unreflecting multitude. The
blood with which the great blood-letter cemented the
edifice of tyranny and corruption loses its adhesive
quality with his decay, and the last scene of the
tragedy of Toryism appears about to close with the
approaching fall of its hero." Such is the language
which emanates from the special organ of O'Connell.
What Englishman is there that does not involun-
tarily exclaim " Out upon the wretched assassin
who thus gloats over the anticipated end of the saviour
of his country ?" But this is not the worst specimen
of the Pilot's heartless blackguardism. It proceeds to
make the Duke's late illness the subject of vulgar jest-
ing. The following can hardly have been framed by
any other than O'Connell himself—the verisimilitude
of style is so great :—" Our readers are already aNare
that the Duke of Wellington got a secondatr3tarejoukmr•intahlisn,
a few days. The first, according to the To
was the hunt' and the 'crust' attack ; h
e
attack of ' indigestion ;' the one
from eating etcooon
little,
t the
the other from eating much; but both indicative, in
our minds, of the Duke's having been twice attacked t
with a complaint of which few have ever. survived the
third." Again, speaking of the " Tory faction," it
Duke was its last trump; and not to lose
says,—" The Du
the game against the people, the factionists endeavoured
to play their knave against our Queen." Again, refer-
it *ays,-,-." Whether
ring w. the words " old rebel,"

the 'first personage' did really call the Duke an old
rebel, we know not ; but if her Majesty did, she only
called things by their proper names."
Comment upon such language is unnecessary. We
leave it to the indignant scorn of Englishmen.

"No Popery" for ever ! In common with most of
our brethren of the Conservative press, we have long
made this our rallying cry; whilst the Clergy of the
Established Church have been indefatigable in spread-
ing the echo far and wide, through the length and
breadth of, the land. But little did We ever expect
that the Dissenters, who have so long been sworn
allies of the Papists, would ever join in chorus. Such
is, however, the case. Placards have been plentifully
spread over the walls of this town, within this last
week, headed, in conspicuous type, with the ominous
words, "No Popery !" Great was our astonishment
when we found that the placard thus headed announced
that a lecture on the subject of " No Popery" is to he
delivered, on Tuesday evening next, in the Crescent
Chapel, by the Rev. Andrew Marshall, A.M., of
Kirkintilloch, Glasgow. This is, certainly, a novel
sign of the times. We shall he curious to know how
the subject will be handled, and shall he glad if we can
cordially hail our dissenting brethren as allies in the
" No Popery" agitation.

It is to be regretted, that the principal charity, the Liver-
pool Infirmary, with a deficiency of income for the pasteyear,
1839, of nearly £2,000, should only have a ninth part of the
sum granted by the Corporation, and to be raised, in aid of
the charities. Perhaps the committee of the forthcoming
Fancy Ball will take into consideration the depressed state of
the funds of this charity.

COUNTY VOTERS.—By the list just delivered in by the
clerks of the peace to the sheriff of the county, it appears that
the number of voters for this county is as follows :—For the
northern division, 9,648,i and for the southern division,
18,1;8.—Preston Pilot.

NEW MAGISTRATES.—On Monday last, John Hall, Esq.,
of Port-street, Manchester; and, on Tuesday, Joseph Acton,
Esq., of Wigan, and John. Green, Esq., M.D. of Newton-
in-the-Willows, appeared at the Salford Hundred sessions,
now holding at the New Bailey, took the oaths and qualified
as magistrates for the county of Lancaster.—Manchester
Guardian.

COUNTY LUNATIC ASYLUM.—APPOINTMENTS YESTER-
DAY.—There was a very numerous meeting of county ma-
gistrates yesterday at the Court-house, Preston, for the pur-
pose of appointing a superintendent of the County Lunatic
Asylum, at Lancaster. Thomas Batty Addison, Esq., chair-
man of the Preston quarter sessions, presided ; and there
were a hundred and one magistrates present. For the situa-
tion of superintendent, there were six candidates, of whom
the three having the greatest number of votes were Mr.
Samuel Gaskell, house apothecary at the Manchester Royal
Infirmary, for whom were given 54 votes ; Mr. Rowley, 24 ;
and Mr. Laporte, 10. Mr. Gaskell was accordingly declared
duly elected.—For the office of physician to the same institu-
tion there were, we believe, three candidates. Dr. De Vitre,
of Lancaster, had 43 votes, and Dr. Johnson, (we believe of
the same place) had 25. Dr. De Vitre was therefore duly
elected.—Manchester Guardian of Wednesday.
ELECTION OF AUDITORS AND ASSESSORS.—The annual
election of auditors of the borough, of assessors to hold the
court for revising the burgess lists with the mayor by the
burgesses, and of assessors for each of the-wards by the bur-
gesses of them respectively, takes place on Monday next.
The advertisement describes the polling places.
LIVERPOOL AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.—The frost; which
has prevailed for some days, has rendered the land in Stand-
park unfit for the purposes of the ploughing match, which
was announced to take place yesterday (Thursday.) It has
been consequently postponed sine die, but due notice will be
given by Mr. Ledger when it will "come off."

The Rev. Joseph Birchall, M.A., has been instituted by
the Lord Bishop of Chester to the living. of Churchkirk, in
this county, vacant by the death of the Rev. Richard Noble.
This is one of the livings connected with Brasenose College,
Oxford, to which the Hulmean Trustees present one who is,
or has been, an exhibitioner on that foundation, and whose
testimonials appear to them most satisfactory.

THE " GEORGE THE FOURTH."—It will be in the recol-
lection of our readers that a steam-ship of this name was
converted into a sailing vessel, and most successfully, under
the superintendence of Mr. R.,Talbot, shipbuilder, who has
since also reconstructed the " Cumberland" in the same
manner. Both ships have turned out to be " clippers."
The " George the Fourth," Capt. Brownless, has made a
voyage to Sydney, and thence to Rio de la Plata and home,
in rapid style, beating, in her homeward passage, no fewer
than four of the crack ships of this port, by from 10 to
21 days. She is of extraordinary beam, and will carry any
weight of canvas. She is, we learn, the private property of
Mr. Pinn, of the St. George's Steam Packet Company.
She sails this day, we learn, for New Zealand, with a valua-
ble cargo.
MYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCE OF MR. CHAS. SCHOLF.-
FIELD, OF EVERY-STREET, MANCHESTER.—OR Monday,
the 10th inst., Mr. Charles Scholefield, builder, of 56, Ever},
street, left his home and has not since been heard of. The
last intelligence that his family have of him is, that he was
seen about half-past nine o'clock in the evening of the 10th
inst., in conversation with two men near the Touchet's Arms
in Pollard-street. He had on him four zes Bank of Eng-
land notes, besides some sovereigns and silver. The family
have issued an advertisement stating that they have reason
to fear he has been robbed and murdered; and they have
offered a reward of £5O on conviction of the offender. Seve-
ral reports have been in circulation respecting him, one,
about ten days ago was, that a body, supposed to be his, had
been found in the Gorton reservoir with the throat cut, but
that report, we stated at the time, had no foundation.
Within the last few days it has been rumoured that a person
answering his description had left the town per zailway; but
we believe this rumour is also without foundation, and that
no tidings of him whatever have yet been heard.—Manches-
ter Guardian.

BLUE-COAT BROTHERLY SOCIETY.—The annual dinner
of this society was held at Mr. Lawton's, the Rainbow
Hotel, on Tuesday evening last—Mr. Forster, the master of
the Blue-coat Hospital, in the chair. He was supported by
Anthony Swainson, Edward Moon, and James Aspinall,
Esqrs., on his right; and by Joseph Langton, Edward G.
Deane, and Thomas Langsdale, Esqrs., on his left. About
fifty members of the society sat down to a sumptuous dinner,
prepared in Mr. Lawton's best style. After " Non nobis
Domine," by Mr. Holden, Mr. Andrews, Mr. G. Holden,
Mr. Taylor, and others, the chairman proposed " the health
of her most gracious Majesty the Queen, and her royal con-
sort Prince Albert,"—" the Queen Dowager, and the rest of
the Royal Family,—" the Church,"—" the Blue-coat
Brotherly Society, and prosperity to it." One of the mem-
bers made some interesting statements respecting the society,
and the good it had already done, and was likely to effect.
" The immortal memory of the pious Founders of the Blue-
eoat Hospital." Mr. Langton responded to this toast in a
most appropriate and feeling manner, concluding with a high
eulogium on the merits and services of Mr. Forster, and
proposed his health. " Anthony Swainson, Esq., tree-
surer,"—song, " The fine Old English Gentleman." " The
present Trustees of the Blue-coat Hospital." A very beauti-
ful and affecting address to the trustees was read by one of
the members. which we regret we have not space to insert at
present. The toast was acknowledged by Mr. Aspinal in his
usual warm-hearted benevolent manner, who was most rap-
turously cheered. He proposed the health of Mrs. Forster,
Whose merits, he said, were too well known to the company
to require any panegyric from him. The health of " Mr.
Gray, the treasurer of the society," and of " Mr. Irwin, the
secretary," were given, and responded to by these gentlemen.
" Thanks to Mr. Bolden and his musical friends"—after
which the meeting began to separate. Deep regret was ex-
pressed at the cause of the absence of the rectors, who, it
was understood, would both have been present, had they not
been prevented by sickness and family affliction. Several of
the trustees of the Blue-coat Hospital were also prevented
attending, who had expressed their intention of participating
in the festivities of the evening.

GRAND MISCELLANEOUS CONCERT AT THE THEATRE
ROYAL.—The concert which took place on Tuesday night
was in aid of the fund now accumulating to raise a sum of
£2,000 for the Dispensaries, Infirmary, and Northern Hos-
pital in this town, to be added to £l,OOO, which will, in case
that sum accrues, be given by the Town-council. The profits
arising from this concert we fear will prove but small, unless,
indeed, more tickets were purchased than were represented
in the theatre. The boxes were but thin, the pit almost
empty, and the upper boxes contained only a sprinkling. The
contrast which the house presented against its appearance at
the last concert was very deplorable. The selections were
principally of a light and agreeable cast, and a slight addition
was made to the scheme, through the kindness of Signor
Giulio Regondi, who offered his services gratis to perform a
duet in conjunction with Mr. Lidel. The opening piece was
Beethoven's fine overture to Fidelio. Mr. Hermann, the
talented leader, has succeeded in getting his band into an
excellent state of discipline. They executed this beautiful
composition with great precision and effect. Once, indeed,
some furious violonist got slightly out of time, but he was
quickly brought into order, and the piece was finished ex-
quisitely. The opening glee, " Sleep, gentle lady," was
sung very pleasingly by Miss Hawes; Mr. Dodd, Mr. Stret-
ton, and a gentleman whose name is left blank. Calcott's
scena, " All worldly shapes," &c., was given by Mr. Stret-
ton, in a style that called forth deserved applause. Miss
Hawes sung a very delightful ballad of her own composition,
entitled " I'll speak to thce—l'll love thee too,' accom-
panying herself on the pianoforte. The fine voice of this
lady was in excellent order, and she acquitted herself through-
out the evening admirably. No performance throughout the
evening gave greater satisfaction than Miss Christiana
Weller s fantasia on the pianoforte. She commenced by de-
lighting the auditory by her neat and skilful execution, and
concluded by astonishing.them by her rapidity and precision.
Miss Whitnall sung Donizetti's aria, Ecco it pegno ch'ro 1
porsi ! with cold correctness. The fault of this performance
En lih
was its want of expression. Several very sweet
ballads were well given, in the second part, by Miss
Miss Whitnall, and Mr. Dodd ; and the duet above
and Mr.
e alluded
Hawes,
was finely executed by Signor Giulio Regondi
Lidel, and that old favourite " Vadasi via di qua" was
sung with proper liveliness and humour by Miss llawes, Mr.
Stretton, and Mr. Dodd.

LIVER THEATRE.—This elegant little theatre has been
well filled during the week, the attraction being the perform-
ances of Mr. T. D. Rice, in the,," Love Pledge ;" and a
farce, entitled the " Sarcophagus; the latter piece admira-
bly calculated to display the peculiar talents of Lord Mont-
eagle's American relative. The Highland Fling of Madlle.
Chevallier has been encored nightly, and is a most graceful
performance of one of our most;picturesque dances. " Jack
Shephard" still continues to be favourably received, and
draws well at half-price.

r , *
MASTRR BASSLE'S MNEMONIC AL ...ON\ ERZATIONES.—
Yesterday Master Bassle gave two Fnost interesting conver-
zationes in the Medical-hall, Mount_
pleasa.nt. The first
took place at noon, and the other in the evening, and both
gave unbounded satisfaction to the auditory. Few things
are more captivating and desirable than a good memory ; cer-
tainly no faculty is more useful, and whatever therefore en-
larges its powers, may be assigned a place amongst tile most
useful inventions of mankind. The fluent and rapid articu-
lations of Master Bassle, in the first instance, appear to be
the result of a system of rote ; but when difficult questions
were proposed to him in perplexing succession, and on all
manner of subjects his ready and correct replies, convinced
the hearer that there is something more in the art. We
should say, from what we saw and heard, that it is decidedly,
calculated to enable a person to become a walking encyclo-
redke ; but, of course, not without great and laboriousetforts
In chronology and the kindred sciences it must be
itedwe
f
exceed-
ingly useful. Owing to our time and space beingl
are not in a condition to describe thes
therefogre fea-
tures of these two converzationes : _
ells
fairly
mostce iittlterestin
earnedAh say, that Master Bassle proved that h
well-merited praises which have been bestowed upon him by
journals. We
the principal metropolitan and provincial..
will be given in
understand that two more canverzanones
tho same place uut Frich', •
