s9effman

the thp is' turned,.thirty-fitw, gallons of water; temperature 1909,
are strewed over the bed cf thegrains, in a• like manner as de-
sdribed for the ale, and al!owed to remain ,covet ed. up for one ,
quarter of an hour, then ruti,off into the underback in the sane
way-as the tirst• extraction, leaving the grants perfectly dry,
Tire copper being errtPly 1..n.d the .fire damped, the -wort.., which
Should measnre•seventy-fosr,gailons.is -put in .as quickly- as
poatible with four pounds of. the best East Kent hops,-and boiled
briskly for thirty or forty:miuutes; the remaining four poutuls.
Of hops are--then added, apd; the whole is boiled an additional
twenry.tive minutes. A-portion may be taken from the copper
had examined ; and, should the operator not:find it se, brown
as he wishes, he may put in-ten ounces or one pound of the best
Italiap juice, broken, thatAt may dissolve. indeed this juice
should be put into the copper with, the first quantity of hops.
i The wart s then Mil through a sieve into the cooler; the fur-
ther-process is the same as the ale. This porter will e equal
in gravity to the. best London stout. The. gravity should be
taken before the worts enter the copper.
N.B.—As there will be some goodness still with-the mash-
y. very excellent table porter may be obtained by putting on the
mash about twenty-seven gallons., of water,
,and allowing it to
percolate through the grains, so that the quantity may run into
the utiderback, and to each gallon half a pound Of sugar or trea-
Cle, with the hops that were strained, added, and boiled for one
hour and a half. Tbis.quantity will make eighteen gallons."

3d. The.:-Bajle of Erin; or the Sorrows of a Bashful
frishman.' In 2 vols. Whittaker and Co., London.

This work is called a novel—we take it to be an auto-
biography, written ,by some ingenious member of
O'Connell's "tail," avid written too, no doubt, for the
laudable purpose of procuring a few sheep heads and
trotters during a constrained but patriotic residence
in St. Giles' tinting • the present session of parlia-
inent. We can only make room for the introduction of
Mr. O.Blarney into the world. • • '• • " •
• "My'narae is O'Btarney. I was born beside a hedge, under,
Mnbi•ella, during a shower, about a stone's throw' fromoey
father's'farm-housein the immediate neighbourhood of Galway.
The night previous to -ray introduction into this vale of tears
was marked by a singular occurrence. MV another, a' plump
philanthropist of forty, dreamed that she ,Was brought to bed of
a rope-La circumstance which the gossips' in the neighbour- •
hood-one and all agreed betokened something extraordinary in
rn!i career. '
" My father was a middle-aged farmer in the usual indifferent
circumstances. Iu his 'notions of business this gentleman was
a stanch advocate of the free-trade system, and from his vici-
nity to the sea-coast he had frequent opportunities of,reducing
his favourite theory to practice. He was not, however, one of
your vulgar, showy tradesmen, who make a boast of their profits,
and carry on business as if froM ostentation, beneath the-glaring
eye of day; far otherwise,. he -waii•quiet, diffident, and reserved
in his nature, thy in alluding to his gains, and -allowed night
only TO be the witness of his more important:occupations. • •
Sikh -.being the' two-fold nature of his vatationi•ihat
is to
say, being a farmer bydai, and a smuggler by night; it must
be manifest that'be had little 'or no time to throw away on my
education,- who;4accordingly, shot up from infancy to boyhood
as wild And undisciplined asa•Connemara colts"
Our hero is placed under the care of au Irish :priest
who gives him.such excellent advice that he appears to
have acted upon it in all his after intercourse with the•
world..
"Ever-bear in mind, Terence," he-was often in the habit of
saying, "that the world is large enough for us all, and that in
order to succeed, it is only necessary that we desire it. True,
society is a sea fall of rocks and breakers; still, he who trims his
sails according to wind and weather will he pretty sure to navi-
gate it with safety. Most men, however, quit port in the,
shippe of fools'—that is to say, start on their voyage in; what
they call, a spirit of truth • and independence. Now these,
though plausible, are silly- terms, and mean neither •more or
less than- that they are resolved to set upaheir own judgment
in opposition to that of the world. Yom I should hope, will be
guilty of no such presumption. Clever as you may deem your-
self, the world is -cleverer still; so take my ;Advice—yield to it—,
flatter it—fall in with its humours, and adopt its prejudices, till
you have' made it your friend for life. A man who quarrels
with society, oh, Terence tis like a school-boy, who hopes to
spite his master by going without his own dinner. • * *
' " Moreover, in your intercourse with society,. be careful to
reserve your smiles for those above, and your frowns for those
beneath you. If. however, you cannot reconcile it to your
innate sense of virtue, to be perpetually .flattering your supe-
riors,-you can easily make up matters with your conscience, by
telling truths by wholesale toyour inferiors. There is one
more point which I cannot too strongly impress on.p:)ur c.
lion. Never forget that you were born and hied a catholic.
Without religion, oh, my child! vain are the hopes of man!
Dici: I have done."

•
4th. A Voyage Round the World, including Travels in
Aleii&t,. Asia, Aust
HOLMAN, ralia, Amer
R.N.. 4-c
Smit., fh
and Co.,
1827 to
1831: By . JAMES ,
London. . •

Thii is a wonderful man l Blind though he be he, sees.
more than most,penple who travel with: their.,eyes:open.
e gives extraordinary interest to every subject.:he
tonclTes,:anillds thinking is philosophical and profound.
The work' hai 'already reached-the third volurne;lind'
abetindS with scenes of the' liveliest•nature, incidents'
humorous and marvallonsi and observations upOn man-
ners Tand character that amuse, instruct, and surprise.
We'shall probably; at a more convenient time, givo,sOme
extracts from' the third volume ;- ineanvvhile;Ave •cannot
permit the second_ to :be laid aside without' submitting
the author's reflections upon the moral and mental con-
dition of the slave population of
,Africa. . ;. • . •
"When wegaze on the -African in his natiVe•soil, we'sce.ta
poor wretch. born to-misery and destitute of hope; .none of the
consolations, none of the inspiring Motives of life attend him.
Troia the hour when he first draws bicath, to the moment when
he' resigns it to his Maker, be' is a stave. Surrounded by the
darkest species of fanaticism, he. is fdressicarmed by-the will of
'his 'pareitts;thedespotisin of the great"inen. of 'his country, or
the oracular predictions and judgments cif the fetish priesthood
1--1:a party more powerful that, either—under the hands of this
triple, complicated, and influential authority, the iveb of his.
destiriyiSiwoven. He has no escape, no plea of avoidance no
-hope' of tnerey-; he must submit to the potent and unlimited
poWer that consigns him to despair. He is liable, at all periods
of his life, to be taken off by violenee, poison; or starvation.
When the decree of the malignant sorcerer gees forth, or the
coimpands of the tyrannical chieftain; or the unnatural verdict
of his: sordid end cruel parents, he is condemned to unremitting
toil;.ot, perhaps; to a revolting death. 'lf he desire to escape
the- penalty, he has no resource' but suicide. This prolific
'source of crime and grief is attested by Bowdich and Hutchison,
-iirtheir mission to the Ashantee capital;. and• the fact is con-
'finned by' the testimony of several African travellers, who have
penetrated 'the interior. Even in the towns nearest to the
coast, where the natives maintain constant intercourse with
ciiilized nations, and 'where it' might be expected that these
atrocities should become 'softened by the example of educated
habits., numbers of lives are continually sacrificed to the most
barbarous and cruel rites. Death seems to be the ordinary
-vent for the -hatred; er the wild. justice of an African ; but,
;sometimes, it is commuted to perpetual slavery, and, in either
alternative, the mass of the natives are the victims of their
superiOrs, or of the sanguinary customs of a most lamentable
superstitidn. Prisoners taken in war are unceremoniously de-
capitated. their enemies not-merely contenting themselves with
the last extremity of barbarous punishment, but generally
'exulting over the execution with savage merriment, that proves
their utter insensibility to the finer feelings of humanity. At
'the celebrated battle of Dodowah, our allies arrested the grati-
fication of their atrocious revenge upon the prisoners they had
taken, only to reward their own clemency%by selling their
enemies as slaves. Thus if the'African escape death, it is but
to fall into slavery; and, it is needless to • observe, that the
slavery he endures in his own country, where all things con-
spire to oppress him. is of a worse character than that which
he suffers under a different rule. At borne the situation of the'
African is, in all respects, dreadful; without any knowledge of
the supreme Being, or any ititelleCtual cniture, the only guide,
.for his actions• is the example Ais parents, or the warning
voice of the fetish-meu; and,, being unaffected .by any sense of
'moral restraint, he gives way to all the evil propensities of his
!nature, which are obviously called into constant action, by the
pressure of domestic desPotisin. •,-
! " No-it, it is evident from this brief
.and inadequate view of
the miserable condition ifie-fro at home, that his Cap-
tivity.among Christians is lint a
_r.enoVal" froM one state of
slavery to another, .with an aecOuipa4iing Chance, .that the
;new slavery mayproduce benefits Which could:nut be extracted
!from the old. I. do not contendthat -the 'slavery which pre-
,vails in christian communities is not to be deplored, and that
'it does not exhibit many features that are of a disgraceful cha-
'racter; but I .contend that reprehensible as it is, it rescues the
`unfortunate African from still more deplorable and disgraceful
circumstances. The poor creatures who are brought
.to the
`coast, and sold for slaves, havet in the majority of instances,
a
'been slaveLt home, and in many cases must have forfeited
their liVet had they remained in AfriCa,, either for crimes; or
'the gratification of revenge. The mass of the natives are simi-
',larlv circumstanced. Those tilos are led to battle are nothing
betCer tha'a the slaves of ;tlie kiggs, and thereat men who
`command theui; the prisoners, pt. war are tiid'amougst,the"
'leaders, and when they ha:vet-pore than it is convenient or de-
'sirable to keep, they either destr"y, them, or dispose of them to
persons who come' from the coast, to deal rn this wretched traffic.
/heti had not this vent for their superabundant vassals, there
iwouldt;e a still gieater sacrifice of human life, and a still more
engendered in-their savage natures.
'l"' bur autaerl- tr'''aPtltttvl: therefore, ; may be regarded as a safety-talYe
for the negro, by which he is snatched froth a ferocious tyranny,
and trausferred to a Milder and better regulated sYStem. of ser7
.vitude. That mode ,of treatmennt acCording our
•
notions,: is repulsive and ignomimous, is, in comparison with
the uncertain; treacherous and bloodthirsty customs of• Africa,
tolerant and preservative:"

' • ' • STATE OP TRADE. •• ' '
LEtns.—We have spoken; at large, of the state Of the wool
len trade of Leeds in a preceding article. • The.nrarkets'of
Sag
turday and Tuesday were both• of- a bilsy 'and cheering kind,
and 'both manufacturers and Merchants exhibited good spirits.
Wools steady. Some are looking out for a general advance,
hut the hope is not a rational one.".'
'l3 a A DPhil the-Piece Market, on Thursday, there was a
brisk demand at olilyriees. In•the•vvool tra'des there is a slight
local depression, owing solely; it is believed, to thelheavy Stocks
oninind ;• the fine article most in request. -In y-arns:there,
an improvement, especially in low qualities, the demand hav-
ing increased both for -home use and expert•atiou. "
HA L IFAX.—Thd market on Saturday was lively. The last-
ing manufacture is particularly good. But. there is no change
HUDDERSFTELD,--:Thit= butinese ilone at Tuesday's market
Was ,rather limited ; the articles most in demand are coarse
~00is fire the Atrie-ricrin- Market. •
" BA RNSLEY LINEN. TR A DE.—Good news is •bOtter Phan bhd,
says my grandfather, therefore the past week must not be al-
lowed th'glide away without being celebrated in your valuable
journal.- Our warehouses, which have been•alt,bustle- and ac-
for retreat length of time, stilllncrea.se in bustle. • Seve-
raltiit evxtensive buyers have paid us a 'visit 'baring the last few
days; and in, Seime instances the stock on hand Would not meet
the demand. Sheetings and•drabbets are much wanted. The
drill and damask trade is pretty fair; specimens it, that line are
worthy of notice : designs have been put into my bands which
far surpass any thing of the kind .l ever saw. The•floors of our
palaces must surely soon be covered with the beautiful work-
manship of our operatives.—Correspotident.
ROCHDALE, A PRIL It —There has been more activity in this
market this week goods of all' sorts were better in demand,
and on the Whole there-was nvire husinesi done-than for several
weeks previous. Prices remain stationary'. In wools, for such
sorts as were 'particularly wanted, the demand was very brisk,
but the best sorts are still very heavy of sale. No alteration in
pricy, -• •
• The cotton and silk trade of the West of Scotland is in a very
depressed state. As'profits are • very precarious,--many of the
niatiufacturere are giving up business, and their hands cannot
obtain fresh employment.—Leeds Intelligencer.
