Vottrn.

TRUE BLUE TO „RADICAL BLUE.
You have hoisted false colours, Will Ewart, Will 'Ewan !
But your cunning w'out do, Will Ewart !
You nay thinli. to .deceixe
The daughters of Eve,
With your banners and ribbons of blue.

. .
't won't do,
No, your cunning w'ont do, Will Ewart!
You're a politic boy, Will Ewart, Will Ewart I
.You've borrowed my colour, Will Ewart,
.But you've not the right hue
It is 110 t true blue,
And our Eelles prefer scarlet to radical blue,
't won't do!
No ! your cunning w'ont4o, Will Ewart !
'The blue eyes are mine, Will Ewart, W IRwart !
The rosy cheeks mine, Will Ewartl
'But each stocking blue,
And each bottle-nose'too,
I'll leave them to you, Will Ewart,
- To
Yes ! I'll leave them to you, Will Ewart, to you

FRENCH ALLIANcE.

Itwas, formerly, held by the whigs, that French con,
nexion was.calculated to debase the character of the peo-
ple with servility and other bad qualities ; better persons
than whigs felt it was of a nature to injure the religion
and morals of the general community. Has it lost its
tendency to produce such appalling evils ? Change has
ugly given the people close communion with France for
antipathy to her, and powerful motives for imitating her
in place of contrary ones! We need not waste time in
speculation, vvlieti a glance at daily fact is sufficient for
rimoving all uncertainty. Any tyranny, however atro-
cious it may be, which the whig government may. exer-
cise against the most sacred things in the realm, proVided
it do not reach the multitude, is not only submitted to,
but els-4.erly lauded by both the people and the whig part
of the upper classes,..—by•the country at large.- This is
not :l he less niean and despicable submission to tyranny,
loathsome and wicked. love of it, because the chain is only
rivetted on the better ranks, and the blow is struck at the
heart-instead of sin.of national freedom. The cry-is no
longer for the equal .rights and liberties of _England,,for
the laws and institutions of England, for the defence of
all Englishmen alike against the assaults and encroach-
ments the government; no, it has degenerated into an
outlandish invocation fur the 'suppression of these rights
and liberties, the extinction of these lawsand institutions,
the government to trample on every obligation and limit,
for the purpose of filling the empire with confiscation,
oppression and bondage. Every fraction of this pre-
sents evidence of .French extraction. Your writers of
newspapers and pamphlets for the ministry and people
watch and adopt French invention as sedulously as your
dress-makers. Your fabricators of political handker-
chiefs and farthing tracts for the rabble, cannot bear any
thing English,
:even in name; they must have their two
chambers instead of houses of parliament, make the peers
nominally as well as virtually elective for life, and be
French both within and without in all things. Speak of
John Bull! he is defunct and buried, riot even excepting
the riotous radical parts. of him; and a skinny, ricketty,
griiming, capering, crazy Frenchman has crept into his
garments. Peace be to his ashes; and let, at least, my
grief consecrate them, for he was my parent ! 'The
wietchedmimickry naturally extends very far beyond mere
politics. French:democracy *ars as much against priests
as nobles, therefore, so must the English; French repub-
licanism,is engrafted. on infidelity and contempt for the
leading civil-sources of morals, and of course the English
must be so likewise. Your English democrat, in his
philosophic devotiqn to-French example, can as little.eri-
dure an:established church as an effective peerage;
.and
he feels. he slavery of believing in the scriptures and ob-
serving the Sabbath to be.as indefensible as that of being
restrained from domineeringuver all constituted autho-
rities : his liberty, alike comprehensive and daring, must
place him above his God as well as his earthly ruler.
Thus, with the principles and feelings on which the con-
stitution of England stands, those which make society
endurable, and preserve it from dissolution, are swept
away.—From an Article in Fraser's Magazine, entitled
hi,; Foreign Policy."
