T 1 4E LONDON PM,H2f..'",S.

Has not experience made us familiar with the auda-
cious contempt of truth which constitutes the single ta-
lent of some of the ministerial writers, we should be
amazed, indeed, at the impudent pretence put forward
this morning, that the elections, as far: as they_bad. pro-
ceeded, falsified all that was predicted by the conserva-
tives of the working of Lord John Russell's bill. To
.expose the falsehood of this pretence it is only necessary
to recapitulate the consequence imputed to_the bill, and
ask how far they have been fulfilled ? It was said, that
the bill would give a House of Commons hostile or in-
!different to the colonial interest, hostile to the landed in-
terest, andliostile to the church; that it would subject the
country to a mob government, and serve but as the be-
ginning of a progressive revolution. And what have-
been the results of the elections under these respective
heads ? Have we not seen first the West India interest,:
one great colonial absOlutely excluded by the
commonly, though not always, hypocritical cry against
negro slavery, one great limb of the empire thus abso-,
lutely cut oft-from the advantages -of representation-by
the bill ? • Again, have we not heard the cry raised against
Sergeant Spankie, because of his presumed acquaintance,
connexion, and sympathy with. the East Indies--Lbectruse
of those very circumstances which would be his strongest
recommendation were justice to the colonies in the "con-
templation of the ten pound constituents? And do we
not see that Sergeant Spankie, 'in order to avoid defeat,
was obliged to disclaim any sympathy with he colonists
of our eastern possessions ? Here is another great limb
of the empire cut off from the benefit of representation;
and with these go all the important colonies of Great
Britain. Of the landed interest and the church, need we
go beyond.this fact, that all the most popular candidates
hitherto, all certainly who solicit the votes of the bill,
men are pledged; absolutely or impliedly, to the ruin of
both; while even the conservative candidates, with one
Or two noble exceptions, are obliged to yield, or to fence
upon the points ? Of he precarious condition 'of the
church, this day's post furnishes us with melancholy proof,
in a letter describing the Banbury triumph ! Mob gol-
vernment is not the less mob government because, though
exercised .at the dictation of the mob, it is exercised by
the ministers of a still tolerated King. The attempted,
delusion that Lord Grey's governnient is not a mob go-
vernment, because it has broken with a part of the me-
tropolitan rabble, is too gross to impose upon any one.
"The government could not find in London, Westminster,
and the suburbs, seats for all its rabble allies as their num-
- beridstiow; it, therefore, chose as fittest for itS•Use tile
basieWand mast_ Servile, of course, disgustir g the ,rest.
This is the whole extent of its separation from " the de-
structives," as every one must see who trill but. look to
what is passing at Leedi;at Bristol, and at other places,.
where Mr. Macaulay, a minister of the crown, and Messrs.
Marshall, Protheroe, and Williams, march to the hustings
tundir the banners of the Political Unions: The Poll-
ticalWnions are, in fact, still Lord Grey's masters, and
lie khows it.

TO conclude,—when it Was prophesied of the hill, that
it was the.beginning of a rapidly progressive revolution,
who was, so rash as to expect that at the •very first elec-
-410111.6 be held under it, a deelaratibn-of,readineSS to go
more or less slowly with "the movement" would be a
.sine quit non with any candidate, and that generally the
candidates' success might be Measured by the headlong
violence ..of his engagements ? But we. will write no
more on this point ; we had forgotten that we were an-
swering the beast of the same stupid blockheads; who,
because the sun rose upon the day after the ratification of
the execrable Popish bill, boatited that. all predictions of
ill consetinences_frcm that Calamitous nieasrire had been-
disproved.. Yes, }tilt as fake as the predictions cf
17) it S to, flow frqn.tfie ?deadly measure .of 1829 ..Will be,
we *eat], the proptley of the conEeyvatives against the
bill of 1832. We have not alluded to the gift, of seventy
or eighty papist repeaters from Ireland, for which we are
obliged to the co-operation of these two fataLniehsures ;
_because really we can find no expression adequhle to our
sense of the terrible danger which Will be created by such
reinforceinent to the mob power in England. T Would
to heaven our countrymen m ould awaken to their true
position.—Standard.
