.

INFIDELITY.—We hear that a Jew is now perambulating
the agricultural districts in this county, preaching, by ap-
pointment, in the open air, denying our Saviour. Should
this be tolerated ?—Chester Courant.

Eight hundred acres of land in the fens of Lincolnshire
were sold by Mr. George Robins last week, at Spilsby, for
fifty-one thousand four hundred and eighty guineits.—Lin-
..

colnshire paper.

. .
Lord Western has recently presented' Cranmer's or the
Great Bible, to the Duke of t.-:,ussex, as a tribute Of-respect
to his Royal Highness, whose collection of Bibles 'in all
languages and of all editions is probably the finest in the

woad.-:Evening paper.
IMPORTANT TO MERCIIANTS.—The following is an extract
of a letter from Sir Henry Parnell to one of his constituents
in Dundee :—" The exertions I have made in order to pre-
vent the government of France from imposing additional
duties on British linens and yarns imported into France have
. .

been successful, so far as to prevent those measures from being
passed during the late session of the French chambers; :and
I believe that active steps will be taken by our government to
protect our linen and yarn trade from such a measure, here-
after taking place."
PAYING FOR THE WHISTLE.—II will be remembered that
in November last the corporation of this borough entertained

at a public dinner (the mayor in the chair) that notorious
libeller of English female chastity, Mr. Daniel O'Connell,
and so extensive and costly were the preparation, that two
penny balls and other low temptations, calculated to. debauch
the mind, were resorted to in order to "raise the wind" and
meet the expenses; but notwithstanding all these means and
appliances to boot of the committee, one individual of it bas
had to pay £9O as his share of the transaction.--_-Stockport
Advertiser.

BALLOON ASCENT.—A Mr. Brown, in imitation of' Mr.
Green, has taken to aerial navigation. He ascended from
the Sheffield Botanical Gardens on Monday, accompanied
by a Mr. Spring. The ascent took place at '2O minutes to six
o'clock. The balloon has been entirely made by Mr.-Brown,
and is next in size to the great Nassau, while all theimprove-
ments in aeronautics have been introduced in the preparation'
of the silk and the various details, and it is, perhaps, thelnost
perfect air vessel ever made in this or any other country:'' Mr.
Brown passed over Doncaster, at a quarter past sit, at'srgreat
altitude, and was going in the direction of Goole or BeVerley.
—Sheffield Iris.
• CAUTION.—On Saturday last, as two young gentlemen were
walking near the Serpentine, they saw a lad, about 141'years
of age, with a Lucifer match in his hand, attempting to. fire off
a small cannon which lay on the ground before Mini. but the
snatch failing to do it as. readily as he wished, he knelt dews,
and applying his breath to the almoSt dying einberS'Of the
lucifer, a spark caught the priming, and with a loud explosion
the cannon burst. The boy fell to the earthin seeming agony.
The gentlemen hastened to his assistance; kzia on raising
him they discovered that one eve was completely forced from
the socket, and hanging on the cheek, that his face was dread-
fully lacerated, and the other eye so much injured that to all
appearance blindness will be the poor boy's lot for the re-
mainder of his-days. fie was conveyed to St. George's Uos-
pital.—Standard.

MARRIAGE IN Hicil LIFE.—The 'lovely and amiable
Lady Mary Alethea Talbot willbe-shortly led to:-the altar of
Hymen by the young Prince Doria, of Rome, 'who besides
immense possessions in Naples and Tuscany, has the Three
finest palaces in Rome, containing the most aplendid'collec-
tion of paintings in Italy. His Highness is also nearly re-
lated to the royal families of Naples and*Sardini* Are-is at
present on a visit at Alton Towers, where are also his Royal
Highness the Duke of Cambridge, the Marqpis of
,Douro,
and other fashionables. The nuptials•are' Id be :Celebrated
at Rome. The Prince is in the 25th year of his „age,And,her
ladyship in her 21st year, She is grand-deUghter of Mr.
William Talbot, of Rocklands, in this county, arid- niece to
the member for Ross.— Wexford paper.
THE HARVEST IN IRELAND.—The reports of. the appear-
ance of the crops in the west of Ireland are much More satis-
factory than could have been expected, considering the'late-
ness of the spring, and the partial failure of the potatoe crop.
The wheat and oats, if not injured by the present heavy
rains, will be a full crop—the straw of the latter rather short.
The potatoes, notwithstanding the blight, which was.princi-
pally confined to the middle sowing (the early and late ones
having escaped), will yield more than an average 'return.
Hay and flax, however, will be a short crop—the former, on
the high grounds, is very poor, while on the low lands it has
been in many districts injured by the' floods, and is still
uncut; the latter has not been sown in the usualluantities,
and, generally speaking, is looking very badly. , Should the
present rainy weather be succeeded by a few' weeks 'Or tun-
shine, an abundant harvest may be calculated on.—Dublin
Evening Mail.
~. . .
DEATH FROST HYDROPHOBIA.—The following lamentable
occurrence at 20, Upper Lissuntstreett-Lisson.grOve,' ar)-
bone, has thrown a respetable family into lhe,greatest afflic-
tion, and caused no inconaiderable degree of excitement
throughout the neighbourhood :—lt appears Chat about two
mouths ago a fine little boy natned.John Evans,. son of a
painter and French polisher, residing at the house above
referred to, was seized upon and bitten in the lower part of
the stomach by a dog, supposed to be in a rabid state ;.a sur-
geon who was sent for immediately, cauterized the part, and
no unfavourable symptoms were evinced by the 'child until
Thursday last, when he experienced much difficulty in breath-
ing, and in other respects seemed unwell. Medical aid was_
once more obtained, but in spite of all the exertions used, he
rapidly got worse, and on Sunday afternoon died from the
effects of the wound. The deceased who has fallen a victim
to that most dreadful of all maladies—hydroplibbiawaS po
more than 10 years of age, and during the last few hours of
his existence the agony he endured was terrible in
,the
extreme.—Standard.
ENTOMOLOGICAL SocIETY.—A letter from Lady . Grey,
was read on Monday evening at the Entomological' Society,
on the habits of the Elator Putator, 'a beetle,- which was said
to be possessed of electrical properties. The writer stated
that on one flying on her shoulder it made her start, 'giVing
a shock from the elbow to the shoulder, which:was accom-
panied by an explosion similar to the ticking of a clock.
These singular effects of this insect had been noticed on
several previous occasions, and Lady.Greywore 's i k dress
at the time, to which it was probable that the electrical effect
was to be ascribed. A communication was read-11-din Mr.
Spence, F.R.S., on the deplorable and almost total desquc-
tion of the apple crop in Herefordshire and Worcestershire,-
a similar effect having been produced in Devonshire. So
great was the failure of the crop, that where -50 casks•had
previously been obtained the average will not this year exceed
live casks. He considered it desirable that the society should
make an investigation into the cause, which the farmers at-
tributed to a blight, from the effects of the frosty nights in
May before the full expansion of the blossom ; but a pinkish
aphis has been found on the trees in great abundance, to
which, in all probability, the ravages are to be ascribed.—
Standard.
LAMENTABLE SurclDE.—On Friday evening, Thomas
Badger, Esq., held an inquest at the Red Lion public-house,
Charles-street, touching the death of Mr. ,Taines Thompson,
of the firm of 'Thompson and Son, cutlery manufacturers,
Charles-street. It appeared from the evidence of some mem-
bers of the family of the deceased, that he was suhject to
great nervous debility and consequent depression of spirits.
Since Monday he had suffered much from this distrOsing
malady, but still not to such an excess as to.excite particu-
larly the fears of his friends. It was his custom to rise be-
fore the rest of the family, and on Friday miming he eras
heard to go down stairs as usual before six o!clock,. Soon
after the family were disturbed by a -pectiliar noise, and
hastening down stairs they .found the deceased 'seated liefore
a looking-glass, with a razor in his hand, and a Tery „severe
wound inflicted upon his throat. The 'assistance of Mr.
Gregory, surgeon, was procured without-delay,:,but it-Vas
unavailing, as the deceased expired in a very short time-
The jury were satisfied that the act- hail been committed
under the influence of tetnporary insanity, and foUnd a ver-
dict accordingly. The deceased was highly esteemed by a
large and most respectable circle of friends, who deeply
lament the sari catastrophe. The age of the deceased was
63.—Sheffield Iris.

COMMUNICATION BY SIGNALS.—An exhibition of what
was said to be a novel method of communication by means.
of signals took place yesterday iu Trinity-square, on ,the
northern side of Tower-bill. The place selected. frtg„this
exhibition was a very inconvenient one : a ffagssfaff or spar,
with pulhes and other apparatus at the top of it,rw'sts,fikeil on
the summit of a heap of rough blocks-of granitei that were
piled up for the purpose of paving the streets; there Was no
accommodation whatever-for those .who were-f6' display the
signals, or for those who were to behold them,- . 'the,:uOvel
method consisted apparently in the hoiSting to the rop of, the
'flag-staff a great variety of pieces of cans/ass, paititd black,
and cut in the shapes of squares, 4iamonds, triangles,cir-
cles, Sic., and in occasionally combining an angle and. a cir-
cle, or an allele and a square, or an angle with a• diamend,
and so forth. These signals are to be interpreted by-refer- '
once to a code of signals, which is Said.to be prepared, but
not yet published; and the new system is theantlo Supersede
the system.of signals by means of flags now generallysin use.
It was not explained in what respect the new. system is supe-
rior to that already adopted, and indeed, from the inconve-
nient and imperfect manner in which the business was yes-
terday conducted, it is difficult to give any opinion as to the
merits of the invention. Several persons were furnished
with printed letters, the words and sentences of which were
written opposite to the aforesaid squares, triangles,
which triangles and squares were tantamount to the•expres-
sion in the word or sentence, and indeed, Unsed in• conjune-
lion whh the projected vocabulary of the code of signals,
may be made to signify' anything whatever. 'The experiment
of yesterday was, however, as has already been said, too inn'
perfect for a fair estimate of the project to be formed. The
pieces of canvass of which these are made were described by
Mr. Smith, the inventor, to be capable of being joinedioge-
titer, and of forming a vessel sufficiently% large to contain
seven tons of water. What connection a canvass water-butt
has with the communication lay means'of sigtrals is net very
obvious.— Times. . .
FRENCH VOYAGE OF D ISCOVER Y.—The itfoniterir, of
Thursday publishes a-letter from Captain 'Min out At
dated " Island of Conception,. A prillo, lt-04," announcing
the arrival in that harbour of the corvettes Astrolabe and
Zelee, sent by the French government on a voyage of dis-
covery to the Austral regions.. After remaining an entire
month in the Straits of Magellren, M. d'Uryille left them-on
the Bth of January, and, steering towards the triuth, came
within of the first mountains of ice on the 15th. Seven days
afterwards, at break of day, his progress was checked by
solid barrier of ice, which he sailed along at a distance of
240 miles, from lat. S. 64 de,. to 61 deg. (near the New Ork-
ney Islands.) On the 2d of February he vont innedto. advance
southward, and on the 4th, being in lat. S. 62 deg., the two
corvettes were so hemmed in on all sides that_CaptanystrUr-
ville was beginning to despair of extricating them, when 00
the 9th, he availed himself of a strong E. S. R. wind to hoist
all sails, and so got clear of it. He then coasted the barrier
of ice for a distance of 300 miles, without perceiving an)
opening, and on the 15th, having reached the 33d deg. of
long. (Paris), after visiting the points explored by Weddell•
and seeing the rampart of ice extending northward towards
the Sandwich Islands, he proceeded westward by the Neu'
.Orkney Islands, the eastern part of those of New Shetland,
and, turning again to the south, he explored, between the
63d deg. and 64th deg. of latitude, a hitherto unknown re'
gion, for a distance of 180 unites. . Crossing the whole of the
straights of Barnsfield, he left the Ansi i shores on the 701.
March, after a most painful mivigation of 52 days among the
ice. The crews being much fatigued, and the scurry having
manifested itself with considerable intensity among.uheolr
particularly on board the iZelee, Captain d'Urville
_deter..
mined on making for the nearest harbour of the coast of chili',
and safely reached the Bay of Conception un the 7th
THE Bowie KN I F e.---The papers the other day..,had. A
great deal of twaddle about the origin of the Bowie knife:
their statements were entirely wren;. The first:person WO
had a Bowie knife made in this country was tine father of Col.
James Bowie, who was killed at Alumna. The old man, was
originally. from Scotland, and settled on a plantation sip /b.'
Red River. Re nsed it altogether as whin:tit-1g and.cane knife•
Col. James Bowie, or, as ire wins MO rf. familiarly called, Jeri'''.
Bowie, improved upon it, as he thought, and first usedill
weapon in a duel. He became notorious by his bloody due
at Iberville, on the,Plaquemine Bayou, iu Louisiana; he w.3_s
there shot down, and as his antagonist was stooping over 101
to despatch bim Jem Bowie seized him by the waist, and
The "brother" of Jell'
him nearly
ine74loYkieini lollirn'tvlintehEhrisprkZii:ne; the inventor of tire klot et;
is Reason Bowie, who lately lived at Thibadouxville, on
Bayou-La Fourche, near Lake Chicot, iu Louisiana. Ile "1.5
nearly blind; and so far from being what he is described I!
the Express, used to be a perfect rowdy, as was Join Bowie
himself. - Again, the Express says Jem Bowie used the kr,'re ,
art the Alamo. This is untrue; he was sick and helpless, an,
was butchered in bed. Col. Almonte total .the writer of thr's
-,
'article so; and Jem Bowie himself informed us of the l'i't°r."v
.and origin of the knife as described aliove. This was 3'7::
corroborated by Dr..Gault, of Nova Iberia, AttakitPu',
whose'possession we saw the original Bowie knife, ,in ,
•tr
The knife found with Col. Bowie's baggage, in tire,Aloo'
now in the possessiou of Miss Chatlotte'Cushipau,..-6f4SF4L-
Ttlegte,-4-ektericazt • "

LIVERPOOL ASSIZES.
MR. I'. C. FOSTER, SHORT-HAND WRITER, LAW
RRPORTEn, and REPORTER FOlt THE LIVERPOOL STAN-
DARD, will attend, Daily, in the Civil Court, during the en-
suing Liverpool Assizes, and will furnish VERBATIM Reports
of Causes to Professional Men or others on reasonable terms.
Having taken Short-hand Notes in the Courts of Law for
many years, he has attained a knowledge of law terms and an
acßuaintance with the forms of the court, which enables him
to tumid; minute Verbatim Reports of arguments of counsel,
evidence, &c.
Address, Mr. FosTau, Standard-office.

In the press and shortly will be published, in boards, Bvo,
with four Lithographic Hates, price 2s. 6d.,
ACOMPLETE and PRACTICAL SYSTEM of
SHORT-HAND. By T. C. FOSTER, Professional
Short-hand Writer, and Reporter (or the LIVERPOOL
STANDARD.

London : NVHITTAKER and Co. Liverpool : MARPLES,
and all Booksellers.

'be Eiberpool *tanbarb.

FRIDAY' MORNING, AUGUST 10, 1838.

The Publication of the STANDARD commenced this
morning at 5 o'clock.

THE WEST INDIES.—By the Magnet packet, which
arrived at Falmouth on Friday, we have received pa-
pers from the Leeward Islands and Demerara, but none
from Jamaica. The latest dates from Barbadoes are
to the 28th of June, and from Demerara to the 16th
of June. It appears that the Houses of Assembly of
Tobago and Dominica had passed resolutions for the
termination of the apprenticeship of the negroes in
those islands on the Ist of August. In Barbadoes, it
is said, that about 20,000 negroes were emancipated
on the 18th of June, in commemoration of t* battle
of Waterloo, and preparations were making in that
and the rest of the Leeward Islands for a general libe-
tation on the Ist of August. Of the crops no remarks
were particularly made ; it is understood, however,
that they were proceeding satisfactorily. The Deme-
rara Papers contain a copy of a petition from the county
of
Berbioe, praying for an alteration in the construc-
tion of the colony. The Court of Policy being no-
ated by the electoral college of seven persons,
elected by the colony jointly, in which the county of
e.nierara, from its superior population, which was one
lalf that
of the whole colony, had the majority of
votes, it Was complained that the inhabitants of De-
merara were preferred, and residents of Berbice, bet-
ter acquainted with its local interests, were thus ex-
cluied from being representatives in that court, and
that Berbice was thus without its fair share in the go-
vernment.

JAMAICA.—Intelligence from Jamaica has been re-
ceived by the ship FaiVie/d, which arrived here on
Wednesday, to the 21st of June. We copy from the
Cornwall Chronicle the act for the abolition of the ap-
prenticeship. It is to be hoped that the House of As-
sembly will enact some law for the regulation of
wages, without which the act of enfranchising the ne-
groes will be very incomplete. We apprehend the
most serious consequences from the sudden transition
which has, ere this, taken place among the appren-
tices, from a state of happy dependence upon their
masters, to a condition which affords no guarantee for
the future comfort or prosperity of either party. Much
will, of course, depend -upon the degree of prudence
and foresight which may be exercised by the colonial
legislature; but we very much apprehend that the sun
of Jamaica's prosperity is set for ever, and that its co-
loured population will sink into the same state of slug-
gish inertness and passive indifference as their Haytian
neighbours. Most glad shall we be if our forebod-
ings should prove unfounded. Of one thing we feel
confident, that Jamaica, in common with the other
West Indian colonies, must no longer depend upon
the staple products of sugar and coffee, unless, indeed,
the introduction of the English system of husbandry
enables the planters to cultivate their estates with a
much greater degree of economy than at present.
There are, however, other sources from which profit
may be derived in future. We would strenuously re-
commend the planters to prosecute their researches
into the untried capabilities of Jamaica. It is our firm
conviction that, with suitable energy and persever-
ance, the exportation of raw silk might become an im-
portant source of prosperity to that island. We would
also suggest the propriety of applying capital to the
invecigation. of the mineral veins of Jamaica. We
learn that very excellent specimens of copper and lead
ores have been forwarded thence to this country. If
this report is correct, and that the copper ore realized
full fifty per cent of pure metal, the proprietors of those
estates on which these minerals are to be found, can-
not do better than commence mining operations at
once. Jamaica may yet become a second El Dorado,
but not assuredly by the cultivation of its sugar and
coffee plantations. We have also heard from intelli-
gent natives of the island that gold has been repeat-
edly found in the Blue Mountains; and it is a general
ground of complaint that no systematic efforts have
been made to test the mineral wealth of that magnifi-
cent chain of mountains. Before vvevquit this subject,
we may as well mention that there are several vege-
table productions indigenous to Jamaica, the utility
of which has never yet been sufficiently tried. To
these it will become the planters to direct their imme-
diate attention• There is an article called silk cotton,
Which grows wild in the island ;—can no use he made
of it ? There are likewise numberless descriptions of
fruits, seeds, roots, and vegetables, which might form
a valuable acquisition to our pharmacopcea, if they
Were sufficiently known in England.
But we must not digress any further. Our present
business is, to lay before our readers a copy of the act
for the abolition of the apprenticeship, which we sub •

join :—..

HotISR OF ASSEMBLY, SATURDAY, 16TH JUNE, 1838.
RDERED,
4, alitO the secretat yof the island do cause the bill entitled
la 4(1 for abolishing the apprenticeship of the pra3dial
rers
ittati within this island, for giving summary power to
Persons
ce3 °' the peace and providing for infirm and diseased
fora limited time," to be twice published in.all the 44ers in circulation in this island, as soon as the same shall
e Pealed the other branches of the legislature.
By the House,
Bonsatr VIDAL, Deputy Clerk of the Assembly.

JAMAICA, „.

r 40ot:suing
I,c, AN ACT •
withi
the apprenticeship of the prmdial labourers
n this island; for giving summary power to justices
of the peace, and
,„,.tis for a limited timc.
providing for infirm and diseased per-
an Iv lure
row; as it hath now become expedient to terminate the
iriPshiilesliin created by an act for the abolition of slavery
into I a-aan and to allow the apprenticed population to pdaass
of
Ars state of absolute and entire freedom on the first • y
council, next: be it therefore enacted, by the governor,e
*nth • a" be
and it is hereby enacted, by th
ortty of the 4. -
on the first day o. fsaalne' one thousand
that all and every the persons who,
...ugust in the
eight hundred'and thirty ''gl t, shall be deemed, holden, and
present year,
considered within this island as' prmdial apprenticed labourers,
:I all, rum and after the said first day of August, in the pre-
oti Yea rd, on, thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight,bbee:
littele " be to all intents and purposes whatsoeyer a s
freed and discharged of and from the remaining term
nlnf their said apprenticeship. raised and created by the above-
,. entioned act for the abolition of slavery, and are hereby
teilared to all it
and purposes free subjects.
:hr, from aaforesaid,
And be it further enacted, by the authority
._to_
and after the said first day of August next, all s
1r
or li: anti acts. or parts and portions of statutes and acts, no
or • en to be in force iu this island, which have reference to,
- In anYirise affect, the relations now subsisting between
masters and apprenticed labourers under the abolition acts
I_lrsatatutes, or acts supplemental thereto, or which in any-
relationWl e relate to or affect the enforcement of the duties of such
!Vie., be, and the same are hereby, repealed, and declared
of tio force and effect, except as to anything done, orr
~ y privilege or immunity granted for anything done, under
tctleenasuthority of any or either of the statutes or acts by this
provisions
e rePealed, and except also so far as any clauses or.
i. of any other of the acts of this island is or ai.c.
"'led et made of no force by any or either of the said
acts or statutes.
g..llL—And be it further enacted,m that, from and after the
ffe4 d.4Y of August next, if any ?ap Row ail aPPreutlF'd

labourer, having received three months' notice to quit, in
the form hereinafter mentioned, shall refuse or omit to quit
and deliver up possession of any dwelling, land, or building,
which he or she shall have been permitted or suffered to
occupy, to his or her employer or employers, his servants or
agents, or the party entitled tcheceive possession of the same,
such persons so refusing, or omitting, es aforesaid, shall be
deemed and considered a trespasser, and it shall and may be
lawful in such case for any two justices of the peace, associ-
ated together, upon complaint made upon oath, to surnmon
the party or parties so offending before them; and, on con-
viction thereof, by warrant under their hands, to authorise
any lawful constable, or any person or persons employed in
the police of this island, summarily to eject such offender or
offenders from such land, building, or dwelling : provided
always, and be it further enacted, that no complaint shall be
entertained by the authority aforesaid during the continu-
ance of any agreement entered into between an employer
and a labourer, by which the said labourer is to have, hold,
or enjoy, the possession of his house and ground for a period
not expired, at the time of any application to such magis-
trate to act as aforesaid.

IV.—And be it further enacted, that the notice hereinbe-
fore mentioned shall be in the form following :
(FORM.)
"JAMAICA, SS.?
(Parish.) c*
Take notice, that you will be, as you are hereby required,
immediately after the expiration of three months from this
notice, peaceably and quietly to surrender, quit, and deliver
over to me (or us) the possession of all that lot or lots, piece
or pieces, or parcels of land, as well as of the dwelling-houses
or premises, with the appurtenances, situate at
in the parish of which you have been
heretofore permitted by me (or by us) to occupy, under the
penalty, on your failing so to do, immediately after the ex-
piration of the time aforesaid, of your being deemed and con-
sidered a trespasser.
" Dated this day of IS
To of the parish of in
the county of
V.—And, whereas, it is expedient to provide temporary ac-
commodation for the aged and infirm persons, now in the ap-
prenticed. class: be it further enacted, by the authority
aforesaid, that no proprietor, or person in possession of any
estate, pen, plantation, or settlement, on which are now do-
miciled or attached any apprenticed labourer, or labourers,
afflicted with any disease or bodily infirmity, as may render
them permanently incapable of earning sufficient subsist-
ence, shall be at liberty, after the Ist day of August next, to
discard or turn away such diseased or infirm labourers, but
shall, and they are hereby required to allow such diseased
and infirm labourers to retain possession of their present
houses and grounds, on the respective estates, pens, planta-
tions, or settlements, until the Ist day of June next, under a
penalty not exceeding five pounds for each offence, to be re-
covered in a summary manner before any two justices of the
peace for the parish in which the offence shall have been
committed, such penalty to be applied to the use of the poor
of such parish., and in default of immediate payment of such
penalty, the said offender to be committed to and confined in
the nearest gaol for a term not exceeding ten days.
Vl.—Aud be it further enacted, that all such infirm and
destitute persons shall be entitled to apply by complaint to
the justices and vestry of the parish in which such persons
resiae, for such relief as is provided by the several acts of
this island for relief of the poor and destitute; and thejustices
and vestry, when so applied to as aforesaid, shall be, and
they are hereby required, to grant such relief as shall he de-
termined on by such justices and vestry, according to the
circumstances of each case.

Vll.—And be it further enacted, that the first day of
August next shall be, and is hereby declared a holiday
throughout tuffs

Passed the Assetnidy, this eighth day of June, 1838.
RICHARD BARRETT, Speaker.
Passed the Council, this 16th day of June, 1838.
W. G. STEwAnT, Clerk to the Council.
I consent, this 16th day of June, 1838.
LIONEL
Vera Copia Extur.
W. G. STEWART, Secretary.

NEW Sourn WALES.—It is a current opinion on the
Continent, that the great secret of England's strength
lies in her immense colonial possessions. Though
our present ministry seem to discard this opinion as a
superannuated prejudice, it is one to which we are
confident the people of this country will obstinately
adhere. Under this conviction, we have always stu-
died to give prominence to the consideration of every
question affecting the colonial interests of Great Bri-
tain, and to set the highest value upon every topic
connected with their good government and prosperity.
" SHIPS, COLONIES, AND COMMERCE," is a motto which
must be quite familiar to every inhabitant of the good
old town of Liverpool ; and we trust the day is far
distant when a motto so intimately associated with
our national prosperity shall be obliterated from our
electioneering banners. We offer these remarks, not
as an apology for, but as a justification of, the appro-
priation of so large a space in our paper of this day to
the discussion of colonial intelligence.

We have been favoured with a file of Sydney papers
to the 18th of April, which were brought by the Jessie,
Capt. Bell, which vessel arrived here yesterday, after
a remarkably short passage. The news brought by
these papers is exceedingly copious and interesting.
Our readers will remember an account which we gave,
some months since, of the death of a convict. from
Manchester, named Samuel Terry, who left behind
him an immense fortune. We have just received an
account of the sale of his agricultural stock, and bank
and other shares. As the returns of these sales may
prove interesting to many of our readers, we subjoin
the particulars. The following are the prices realised
in the "sale of 10,000 fine-wooled ewes, being a por-
tion of the improved select stock of the late Mr.
Samuel Terry," which took place on the 12th March:
Lot 1-500 Maiden Ewes, 18 months old, marked t 31s.
in pitch, ready for the top 5
2-500 Ditto, 18 ditto, ditto, ditto
3-500 Breeding ditto, 24 ditto, ditto, ditto 32
4-500 Ditto, 21 ditto, ditto, ditto
5-500 Ditto, 3 Yeats old, ditto, ditto 3O
6-500 Ditto, 3 ditto, ditto, ditto 3l
7-500 Ditto, 4 ditto, ditto, ditto ....... 27
8-500 Ditto, 4.ditto, ditto, ditto
9-500 Ditto, 5 ditto, ditto, ditto
10-500 Ditto, 5 ditto, ditto, ditto
11-500 Ditto, 5 ditto, ditto, ditto
12-500 Ditto, aged, ditto, ditto
13-500 Ditto, ditto, ditto, ditto
14-500 Ditto, ditto, dittO, ditto
15-530 Ditto, 5 years old, ditto, ditto 2l
16-500 Ditto, 4 ditto, ditto, ditto 2l
17-500 Ditto, 4 ditto, ditto, ditto 25
18-500 Ditto, 3 ditto, ditto, ditto 33
19-500 Ditto, 2 ditto, ditto, ditto 34
20-500 Maiden Ewes, 18 months old, ditto
Total, 10,000

The sale of Bank Stock and Insut ance Shares took
place on the Ilth of April, and realised the following
prices :

BANK OF NEW SOUTH WALES.
Lot I—Five Shares in the Bank of New)
-e4B Premium.
South Wales, £4O each paid up S
2—Five ditto, ditto 49
3—Five ditto, ditto 44
4—Five ditto, ditto 37
s—Five ditto, ditto 36
6—Five ditto, ditto 3B
7—Five ditto, ditto 4O
B—Live ditto, ditto 39
And 1 Lot at £4O.
• COMMERCIAL BANK.

Lot 9—Five Shares in the Commeicialj £ll5 Pretn;um.
Bank, £lOO paid up 5
10—Five ditto, ditto ll5
11—Five ditto, ditto...
12—Five ditto, ditto ll6
13—Five ditto, ditto, £lO paid up 23 Per Share
14—Five ditto, ditto, ditto
15—Five ditto, ditto, ditto
16— Five ditto, ditto, ditto
17—Five ditto, ditto, ditto
18 —Five ditto, ditto, ditto
BANK OF AUSTRALIA.
.....

Lot 19—Five Shares in the Bank OQ
£24 Premium.
Australia, £2 as each paid up
MARINE ASSURANCE COMPANY.

Lot 20 —Ten Shares in the Marine Asl
£36 Premium.
D surance Company, a paid up
21—Ten ditto, ditto
22—Ten ditto, ditto
23--Ten ditto, ditto
',',l—Ten ditto, ditto
25—Ten ditto, ditto
26—Ten ditto, ditto

These papers contain very numerous complaints of
the want of labourers in of r Australian Colonies. We
have no room to day for any lengthened extracts on
the subject: but we would call attention to the follow-
ing paragraphs, which are strongly indicative of the
present wants of these all-important Colonies :

THE TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM.
The Monitor of Monday last contains some very pertinent
remarks on the result of a late trial in the Supreme Court—
where a large sum, in damages and costs, was awarded against
the hirer of a horse, for what appears to have been an acci-
dental injury to an animal not at all of the description in 7
tended by the implied contract. It is not with this, however,
that we have at present to do—although the case is an admi-
rable illustration of the enormity of the cost of the law system
in a Colony like this: we point to it, on this occasion, as an
instance of the working of that thing called "the transporta-
tion system." The law of England declares that no convict
possessed merely of a ticket-of-leave, shall hold property—
that'he cannot sue or be sued, in a civil court And very pro-
perly so ; because, us we have over and over again stated, the
object of a ticket-of-leave is merely to enable the holder.
thereof to labour on his own account—to discharge him, on
certain conditions, from immediate custody; but not to place.
him in a situation to compete, as a master-man, with the free
Colonists. But look how the thing is made to work. Look
at the horse case (with the merits of which we have nothing
here to do;) look at this case as one out of many of daily oc-
currence, showing how the law is openly set at nought in this
colony. The late Chief Justice, now Sir F. Forbes, declared
from the Bench in the Supreme Court, that the ticket-of-
leave act was a preposterous, unjust law. Even though it
were so, nothing could be more unbecoming in a Judge than
to volunteer so extra-judicial an observation in his official
capacity. No extra-judicial matter of any kind ought to he
beard from the lips of a Judge sitting on the Bench. And
as to politics of any description, nothing can be urged to
justify the introduction of any such topics. No matter, how-
ever, what the opinion of Sir Francis Forbes might be, in
reference to the ticket-of-leave act, it is, notwithstanding,
part of the law of the laud; and that law we daily behold
violated in this colony, by means of device and trickery.
As to the case before us, a ticket-of-leave holder resides with
his free wife ;• he carries on a thriving. trade; but when a
dispute arises between him and any of those persons who deal
with him, and an appeal to the law becomes necessary, we
behold the ridiculous mummery of the suit being brought in
the name of the wife. So, also, in cases where men are as-
signed to their wives. Now, it is quite obvious that •the act
of Parliament could never have contemplated the existence
of such a 'state of things ; and we, therefore, thus briefly
allude to it, in order that we may, possibly, become the
means of directing the attention of the Home Government
to the fact, that acts of the British Parliament may be ren-
dered nugatory here, by injudicious local regulations, adopted
to meet the views of theoretical public functionaries.--Sydney
Herald, April 16.

MECHANICS FROM INDIA.
When, on 4 recent npcasion, we regoinmep4e4 Ole inliPet•

diate importation of labourers from India, in order to supply
the pressing exigencies of the settlers, we omitted to state,
that mere labourers (in the popular acceptation of the term)
are not the only persons of whose services the Colonists may
avail themselves from the same source. Mechanics of a very
useful order may be obtained from India; and, in arts not al-
.ready familiar to them, they have been proved, in common
with the Chinese, to be gifted with powers of imitation in an
extraordinary degree. The settlers, therefore, may obtain
from India any description of mechanics which they may want
upon their farms. It is of the utmost importance that the lo-
cal government should, without a moment's delay, take up
this question of labour, and strain every nerve to supply the
wants of the settlers. We have already pointed out the inevi-
table consequence of supineness in this respect, as it affects the
general interests of the colony. The government, we hope,will
do its duty; but, in the mean time, it is for the floekmasters and
other landed proprietors to look to themselves, by immedi-
ately taking advantage of the opportunity presented to them,
of not only obtaining labourers, but, also, mechanics of every
description, from among the Indian population.—Sydney
Herald, April 16.

As a curious illustration of the progress of civiliza•
tion in the southern hemisphere, we subjoin an adver_
tisement from the Sydney Herald:—

GOVERNESS WANTED AT NEW ZEALAND.
Wanted a governess by a respectable family residing at the
Bay of Islands, New Zealand, competent to teach English,
French, Music, Drawing, and Dancing. Satisfactory refer-
ence as to character and competency required. Apply by let-
ter addressed to A. 8., Herald Office, George-street.

THE PRISONS BILL—We have to congratulate the
town upon the defeat of the Prisons Bill, one of the
many nonsensical schemes, not to give it a worse name,
propounded by the government of our beloved Queen,
whom God defend !

This bill, had it passed, would have entailed upon
this town an expense• of upwards of two hundred
thousand pounds—that. is a rate upon the inhabitants
of about one shilling in the pound for ten years—to
accomplish, not only, at best, a questionable good, but,
in the opinion of many, a positive evil. But it would
have given power to the Secretary of State to tax all
the towns that have had the benefit (?) of municipal
reform, to the amount of thousands, with, perhaps, no
other result than that of increasing the power and pa-
tronage of our no. patronage government.
" Thank God ! Ive have a House of Lords ;" and it
is to them, and by them alone, we have been saved
from so heavy an infliction.
The "silent" system is, just now, fashionable in
prison discipline--for there is a fashion even in that
line—but Lord John Russell goes a step farther, and
wishes to add the "separate" system. Many of our
readers may perhaps even ask what is the silent sys-
tem? It is that the prisoners, when at ivork, are not
allowed, under some penalty, to speak to each other;
and whether the " separate" is added for the allitera-
tion we know not, or whether to increase the misery
or the happiness of the prisoners we cannot tell ; but
suffice it to say that Lord John's crotchet gives to each.
prisoner a room to himself, accommodated with a bell,
by ringing of which he can, by night or by day, com-
mand the attendance of a jailor—no doubt who will be
ready to supply him with books selected from some
mechanics' institute or apprentices' library, to amuse
himself and improve his mind and dissipate his ennui.
And for this tomfoolery the good old town—for we
were to have been honoured by having the first experi-
ment tried here—was to have been taxed to the amount
of thousands.

It will he naturally asked, however, whether we have
not jails already in the town and neighbourhood ? To
which we answer, yes—we have two: we have the old
French Prison and Kirkdale Jail ; the latter erected
within a few years, at an enormous expense, and
which, in our simplicity, we had thought equal, in ex-
tent and accommodation, for every reasonable pur-
pose :—for the new system—for the alliteration sys-
tem—for the " silent" and " separate"—these, how-
ever, will not do : there is not a parlour for each pri-
soner.

But it will be thought that, supposing the old French
prison is taken down, the land will sell, being near to
the docks, for more than double the cost of land for a
new jail, and the difference will almost pay the ex-
pense of a new erection. So it would, if our saga-
cious corporation had not so far ruined their own es-
tate, as they have done, by building dock warehouses.
The. land, a few months ago, would have fetched three
pounds a yard ; it will not now fetch half that sum.
Where, when this bill was going through the Com-
mons, was our Town Council ? Did they know any-
thing of it ? Did they offer any opposition to it ?
Yes, they did ; they sent their factotum, Mr. Eyre
Evans. Who is this man ? What interest has
he in the town to offer any resistance to it ? To what
extent ? Why, to get the rate called a jail rate in-
stead of a borough rate, and to ask for the patronage.
which, as it stood in the bill originally, was vested in
the magistrates. We hope the electors in November
will not forget this.
It will be recollected that one of the vaunted bene-
fits of the municipal reform was, that it would relieve
us from the county rate, which it does ; but it obliges
Os to maintain our prisons, and, if this nefarious plan
had gone into operation, to erect new prisons, in which
every felon would have to be furnished with a cell—
we beg pardon—a parlour for himself.

WHIG-RADICAL PURITY.—The radicals are incapable
of anything like corruption. They have an instinc-
tive abhorrence of anything which verges upon it.
They are great sticklers for purity. They cannot bear
any undue interference with the franchise. God bless
them, they are purists of the first water. They would
not condescend for the world to multiply votes by any
kind of trickery. Knowing that this is a favourite
boast of the liberal faction, we confess that we have
been very greatly surprised to find the following goodly
list of qualifications for "Economy Place, Canning-
street." No doubt the parties implicated will offer a
satisfactory solution of the question which occurs to
our minds—are they. entitled to swamp the county
constituency by such a wholesale creation of votes ?
Our readers will be edified by the singular exhibition
which the undermentioned gentlemen have made of
their patriotic and liberal sentiments. What the par-
ties have to say for themselves will appear when the
matter comes before the revising barristers. It is
very instructive to find that the great teachers of
" purity of election," to wit, our " esteemed con-
temporaries" of the Times and the Albion, can con-
descend to such expedients as are indicated by the
precious list which we subjoin. No doubt their virtuous
indignation will be kindled when they find that the
overseers have taken such liberties with their names.
We shall not expose ourselves to the charge of attri•
buting improper motives to the very "honourable
men" who figure in the list which we have thought
proper thus to introduce as claimants for county votes.
Ecce signum :
John Ashworth, Esq., gentleman, 15, Pleasant-street, Liv-
erpool, one-third of a freehold house, Economy-place,
Canning-street North.
Arthur Chillas, Esq., merchant, 33, Everton-road, one-third
of a freehold house, Economy place, Canning-street
North.

Arthur Chillas, Esq., merchant, Philadelphia, one-third of
a freehold house, Economv-place, Canning-street North.
Richard Deacle Hevwood, Esq., banker, Stamford Lodge,
Liscard, one-third of a freehold house, Economy-place,
Canning-street North.
Thomas Wilkinson Manlove, Esq., merchant, Wheatland-
lane, Seacombe, one-third of a freehold house, Economy-
place, Canning-street North
John Daniel Thornely, Esq., merchant, brother to Thomas
Thornely, Esq., M.P., Blackburn-place, Liverpool, one-
third of a freehold house, Economy-place. Canning-street
North.

Robert Leech, Esq., banker's clerk, 3, Wellington-street,
Toxteth-pork, one-third of a freehold house, Economy.
place, Canning-street North.
William Wales, Esq , proprietor of the Liverpool Times, 12,
Seymour street, Liverpool, one-third of a freehold house,
Economy-place, Canning-street North.
Thomas Bean, Esq., proprietor of the Liverpool Albion, and
correspondent to the London Times, No. 2, Hill-side-ter-
race, Everton, one-third of a freehold house, Economy.
place, Canning-street North.
William Wood, Esq., M.D., Litherland, one-fourth of
freehold house, Economy-place, Canning-street North.
Benjamin Heywood Jones, Esq., banker, Lark-hill, West
Derby, one-fourth of a freehold house, Economy-place,
Canning-street North.
Robert Heywood Jones, Esq., merchant, Rodney-street, one-
fourth of a freehold house, Economy-place, Canning-street
North.

Thomas Hobson, Esq., merchant, Duke-street, Edge-hill,
West Derby, one-fourth of a freehold house, Canning-street
North.

Samuel Taylor Hobson, Esq., merchant, Nile-street, Liver-
pool, one-fourth of a freehold house, Canning street North.
Hugh Ellis Evans, Esq., (E. C..and Hall,) 46, Seymour-
street, one-fifth f a freehold house, Canning-street North.
Samuel Evans, Esq., gentleman, 3, Erskine-street, West
Derby, one-fifth of a freehold house, Canning-street North.
Joseph King, Esq., share-broker, &c., 5, Roscommon-street,
Everton, one-fifth of a freehold house, Canning-street North.
Joseph King, junior, Esq., share-broker, &c., 5, Roscommon-
street, Everton, one-fifth of a freehold house, Canning-
street North.
Robert Jones King, Esq., share-broker, &c., 5, Roscommon-
street, Everton, one-fifth of a freehold house. Canning-
street North.

A PRompic' lIHN.—John W. Riley, constable, of this
city, has a hen which, at one sitting, brought forth twenty-
four little .responsibilities !"rhis hen beats all the hens we
ever heard of. Poultry will be very cheap next Christmas.
—Cincinnatian.

We are told that it is so hot in New Orleans, that standing
at any corner one can see whole suits of clothes walking along,
the occupants having melted away from them. What a
country !—Noto York paw,
