k•
•

"Quis Seperabit."
LIVERPOOL AND NEW YORK STEAM-PACKET

COMPANY.
Capital £20(),000, in 10,000. Shares of £2O. each.
THE object of this Company is to establish a Steam com-
munication between the Ports of Liverpool and New York.
Its projectors hate long entertained the must sanguine opi-
nions as to the success likely to attend suctr'an enterm ize, when
liberally backed by politic patninage;; and, this, the present
prospectus, it is confidently hoped, will lie the means of induc-
mg, for it is a truism, that without its fostering aid all such as-
sociations
must signally fail in the attainment of their object.
Twenty years ago the.idea was derided of successfully effect-
ing an intercourse by Steam between this country and Ireland.
Nevertheless, we are now in a position of exposing the fallacy
.of so contracted a view, as science, aided by wealth, perse-
verauce, and enterprise have prevailed, and the existing esta-
blishments are in the most prosperous condition.
The assertion, then, may fairly be hazarded, that Steam Na-
vigation, in the really effiCient form it has assumed in the pre-
sent day, is capable in an eminent degree of developing the •
vast resources of those fertile, densely populated, and commer-
cially important districts of North America, (to which the oper-
ations of this Company will, be directed,) by affordin_ g that
superior facility of intercourse between them and Great Britain,
for which Steam in other parts of the world has become so justly
celebrated, and which, alike to the Merchant and the Emigrant,
must he a matter of the most paramount interest;
The projectors ate justifiable in stating, (inasmuch as it is
the expressed opinion of scientific and experienced men.) that,
with suitably constructed and powerful vessels, the run too to
New York may, in ordinary weather, be accomplished in•about
Sixteen days. So quick a run by other means, it is believed,
would be without a parallel.
An ample supply of Fuel may he always calculated upon, as
the great improvement lately introduced in the engineer and
boilerdepartment (the invention of the scientific Mr. Hall) has
caused a most extraordinary decrease in the consumption of that
very important article.
In order to disseminate as widely as possible the advantages
likely to accrue from such an association as this, well, respect-
ably, and spiritedly conducted,—a prominent feature in its for-
mation has been, that of dividing the shares into the moderate
amount of Twenty Pounds each ; thus, not precluding the
tradesman or small capitalist from investing in an establishment
which cannot. but augment the commercial importance of this
enterprising community.
The Company will be considered as constituted, as soon as
bona fide applications to the extent of 5000 shares shall have
been made.

Five Shillings per Share will be required upon enrollment;
and, in one week after Directors have been chosen, it will be
necessary for Proprietors to pay £2 per Share iu,to the Albion
Bank, to the credit of the Company. The remainder of the
calls to he made as the direction may deem expedient, in sums
not exceeding £2 per Share, and at periods of not less than six
weeks between each call.

The management of the Company shall be intrusted to Six
Directors, to be chosen by the Proprietors. Three of the Di-
Mors to retire annually, but to be eligible for re-election.
The holding of Fifty Shares to constitute the eligibility of a
Director, and Auditors shall nut be deemed competent to act a's
Directors.

The usual means to secure Proprietors by the restriction of
liability will be adopted.

, . . . . .
A Provisional Committee will be formed immediately, to
whom all applications -for Shares must be addressed, ewe of
Mr. JOHN CHEYNE, Solicitor, Canning Buildings; South John
Street.

UNION HOUSE.
No.• 82, OLDHALL-STREET.
rtriHE Ladies of Liverpool and the Public in general are
respectfully informed, that the aboYe NEW STA BL S -
M ENT IS NOW OPEN. with nn EXTENSIVE and
WELL-ASSORTED STOCK Of LINEN' DRAPERY,
SILK AIEUCERY, &c., of which it nl4 he said, with
Prapriety. that none in the town holds out,‘,reater real advantages
than this, the component parts being nseflif, durable, fashionable.
awl cheaper than tin' same description of Articles are generally
still. Stare it to spy, that the chief aim will be the supplying
of gennine good Fabrics, Fast Colony-ft, New Designs in Pattern„
and at the smallest possible remunerating pr,.fit. The Assort-
ment will h- as under: —Table Linens and Covers, Sheeting',
all widths, Bed.ticks.Blankets Counternanes.Quills,ToWellings,
Grass.hleached Irish and Scotch Linens, Diapers, Lawns, Cam-
•bries, Muslin Works, Dimities, Jeans, Satteens,
Long Cloths, Gingliams, Printed Cambries, Muslins, Mona
seline de Laine's. Checked LustreS, Black and :Co-
loured Lustrings, Gros de Naples, Sattinets, Figured Silks,
Satins, Persians;Sarsnets, Merinos, Orleans Cloths, Camhlets,
Black Bombazins and Cranes, Shawls and Neckerchiefs in great
variety, Scarfs, Ribbons, Gloves, Hosiery. Lace, Quilling and
hroad'Nets, Edgings, Lace Veils, Caps, Muslim Collars, Capes,
and Habit Shirts, Haberdashery. &c..
THREE ASSISTANTS WANTED. •

TO PREVENT ALL MISTAKES.
TOTIN C. WOOLFIELD begs leave to state that heand his
Ibrother Thomas commenced their Bazaar at the corner of
Postoffice-place. in 1827; in 1822 they Dissolved Partnership,
.and, in the articles of Dissolution, J. O. Wogreed not to carry
on business in Liverpool whilst his brother continued to-do so.
The Gentleman who is the present proprietor of the Bazaar
opposite, previously to purchasing that valuable and extensive
Establishment, was informed, by its former Proprietor, of John
C. Won'field's intention of again setting up in Liverpool, and
that be was at liberty to attempt to estal)lish himself ; that at-
tempt, J. C. W. is happy to say, be has converted into a reality,
hut he trusts the public will not consider him premature su
forming an Establishment here, when they ore informed that
he has waited Nine Years for the privilege, nit of respect to the
conditions of the articles of dissolution, as well as the respect he
had towards his brother, Thomas Woolfield, who, being the
Proprietor of the Premises occupied as the Bazaar, could not
Act "so contrary to his principles of right towards his successor,"
and most especially so towards himself, as to have any interest
in the new concern established at •

GLASGOW HOUSE, No. 30, CHURCH-STRENT,
BY JOHN C. WOOLFULD,
MANUFACTURER OF
' WRITING DESKS, DRESSING CASES,
LADIES' WORK AND TOILET BOXES, CABINETS,
TEA CHESTS AND TEA CADDIES.
SHEFFIELD PLATED WARES, Plated on Steel, and-
German Silver Articles.
OIL and GAS LAMPS, BRONZES, INKSTANDS,
JAPANNED and PAPIER MACHE TRAYS, and a
variety of FANCY ARTICLES.
Military, Club, and Livery Buttons made to order.

J SCHWEPPE AND CO.,
MANUFACTURERS. TO THE. QUPPN, AND ALL VIE
tfOYAL FAMILY.
51, BERNERS.STREET, LONDON. l3 FEAT, Judges of .SODA WATER need not to he, told that
its main e'xceltence consists in the LENGTH OF TIME during
which it retains its life and pungency AFTER !r- as POURED OUT,
and not (as many erroneously suppose) so2fte force With which
it expels the cork. This latter is rath the characteristic of
the commonest Sods Water, for the obvious reason that the air
is disengaged. whereas, by the peculiar principle of SCHWEPPE'S
process, the Carbonic Acid does not escape with the cork, but,
being thoroughly amalgamated with the water, remains as a
valuable medicinal feature in their manufacture. The same
observations will apply to their iii;rated Lemonade, Potass and
Magnesia Waters. _

Pray observe the RED LABEL, over the Cork, representing
their Signature, as many of the other makers impose upon Ih
public by filling " Schueppe's Bottles" with their own spurious
Composition._ _ _

Branch Manurictorieq at BRISTOL, DERBY, and at
148, LON DON.ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

[MPORTERS OF GERMAN SELTZER WATER, IN QUA !erg ANTI

PINTS.

The following are their. AGENTS for Ta VER POO : —J. Wood.
vine, Bold-street ; T. Nixon. jun., Castle-street ; Mann and
Crosthwaite, Parker-street ; Thos. Thompson and Son, Church..
street; R. l3eatsnn, Bold-street ; Win. Jones. Berry-street;
Wm. Wagstaff, Great Georve-pliee; John Priestley, Lord_
street ; G. H. Howell, Dale-street ; George Aspinall, Saint
James's-street; Thomas Johnson. St. James's-street ; J. M.
Syers, Park-road; W. W. king, William Henry-street, Soho-
street ; E. Tiernan. London-road ; John Deane:Castle-street ;
G. Webster, St. James's-street ; and P. Roberts, Ranelagh
street.

Ernort Orders Manufactured especially for WARM CLL.
MATES.

SOLUBLE COCOA.

IAYLOR IMOTHERS, Inventors and Sole MANUFAC-
TURERS Of this flighty es:eemei preparation, in offering
their acknowledgments for the extensive and increasing ptihlie
patronage it has met with, beg to caution the consumers against
certain SPURIOUS IMITATIONS, whir', though somewhat
resembling the appearance, are totally devoid of the essential
and PECULIAR. PROPERTIES of the original and only.
genuine article. These counterfeits having been imposed upon
the public in an unpacked state, having led to tunnel-ruts com-
plaints, calculated to bring the preparation into disrepute; upon
investigation it has been found that in every case of complaint
there has been IMPOSITION PRACTISED. To guard against
recurrences of these, PURCHASERS are requested to as'lz for
'TAYLOR BROTHERS' SOLUBLE COCOA, in Packets,
which hear their name, with directions for use; or it' required
unpacked, to be particular in asking; for TA Y lA)ii BRO-
THERS' Soluble Cocoa loose; from suclfrespeetabie Retailers
as can be depended upon.
After any article has been before 04-public many years, the
best testimony of its e3eeellence is the GENERA Dasi Nb for it,
this, added to their lung held coevietion of its value, affords
TAYLOR BROTHERS the fullest confidence in recommend-
ing it to those who have not yet made trial of it, as at once an
A GREEA BLE, NUTRITIOUS, •ECoNo/WICAI., and CONVENIENT
BEVER AGE.

Topersons of WEAR CONSTITUTION, and DELICATE or R-
R ITA LE DIGEsTtvE ORGANS, it will be found invaluable, being
prepared with the greatest possible care, upon well tested prin-
ciples, by which the REDUNDANT OILY Al ATTER, so offensive
in the common preparation, is nentialized; at the same time it
is highly nutritious and soothing, is about HALF THE PRICK
OF COFFEE, and being entirely vested of the busk, and grosser
parts of the Nut, is WHOLLY CONVERTIBLE INTO NUTRIMENT,
in the shortest possible time ; whereas the Common Cocoa re-
quires the tedious process of boiling and skimming, and leavf s
a greater proportion of sediment. It will keep good fur any
reasonable length of time, and suffers no deterioration by charge
of climate.

Sold, Wholesale. at their Manufaelorieg, frisk-lane.
Whitechapel. London, and Temple-court, Liverpool. where also
may he had TAYLOR BROTHERS' LONG APPROVED
CHOCOLATE, in Cakes. Powder. anti. Paste, and Retailed by
all respectable Grocers, Tea Dealers, and Oilmen, in the
Kingdom.

Ettouranre IKotirto.

BRITANNIA LIFE AS
No. 1, YRINCES•SDRE
CA PITAL,-01
DlRh('

MUNCH COMPANY,
'EI; BANK. LONDON
TE NIILLION.

William Bardgett, Esq. I Robert Eglinginti, Esq.
Samuel Bevington, Esq. James Foster, Es_ri.
Wm. Fechney Blaek, Esq. Erasmus Robert Fester, Esq.
John Brightman, Esq. Alex. Robert Irvine, Esq.
George Cohen, Esq. I Peter Morrison, ltd.lsq.
Millis Coventry. Esq. Henry Lewis Smote, Esq.
John Drewett, Esq. I Thomas Teed, Esq.
AUDITDItSA
I AndresiJopp, Esq.
MEDICAL DEFICREN)
John Sims, M.D., Cavendish- I Ebeneilesi Smith, Esq., Sur
square. I geot4lliter-square.
STANDING COUNSEL.
The I-lon. John Ashley, New-square, Lincoln's Inn.
soucrron.
William Bevan, Esq., Old Jewry.
Messrs. Drewett and Fowler. Princes-street, Bank.
AGENTS FoR LIVERPOOL.
Messrs. OKILL and COOKE, 177, Dale•street.
MEDICAL OFFICER.

Edward Bevan, Esq.

ROBERT HECTOR: Esq., Surgeuu,Great Newton-street.

Y] his Institution is so constituted as to afford the benefits of
it Life Assurpnce in their fullest extent to Policy holders. and to
present greater facilities and accommodatit,n that can be obtained
in any similar cmablishment. Among others, the following im-
provements on the system usually adopted, are recommended to
the attention of the Public.

An ample subscribed capital, invested in such a manner as
altvays to be immediately available when the claims by deaths

A most economical set of Tahles—computed expressly forthe
Ilse of this Institution, from authentic and complete data,—and
(with two exceptions only) presenting lower rates of premium
[han any hitherto offered.

A 'l'a of increasing rates of Premium nu a new and re•
markable plan, peculiarly advantageous in cases where Assu-
rances are effected by way of securing loans or debts,,a less im-
mediate payment being requip,d on a policy for the whole.term
of Life than in any tither office; and the holder having the
option of paying a periodically increasing rate; pr. of having
the sum assured diminished according to an equitable scale of
reduction.

References to medical attendants not required when the slate
of health is unexceptionable: but whenever references are re-
quired, the medical attendant of the party consulted on behalf
of and at the expense of the Company.
Policies effected by persons on their own lives not rettdered
void in case of death by duelling or the hands of justice. In the
event of suicide, if the policy be assigned to a bona fide creditor,
the sum assured paid without deduction—if not so assigned, the
full amount of premiums returned to the family of the assured.
Policies revived without the exaction of a fine witbin twelve
months, on the production of satisfactory evidenCe as,to healthi
and payment of interest on the premiums dbe.
Age of the Assured in every case admitted in the Policy.
All claims payable within one month after jirOof of death.
Extract from Increasing Rates of ;'remium from an Assurance
of 1: W L
O for whole Term of ie.

Annual Premium payable during
First Second Third Fritlith remainder
4t 5 Years. 5 Years. 5 Years. ' 5 Years. of Life.
- -
£.
s. d. a. (1. 5. d. s, d. g, s. d.
20 1 1 4 1 510 110 11 116 9 2 3 8
30 1 6 4 112 2 119 I 2 7 4 217 6
40 116 1 2 4 4 214 6 7 3 4 3 4
50 216 7 '3 9 4 4 b b v 6 3 613 7
ref Ell -isidittaSON, —esident Director

:I;arliamtnt.

HOUSE OF LORDS.;-11uNDAY

NEG R 0 APPRENTICESHIP.
~. Loft' DENMAN, in presenting a petition from a place in
Corn Wall for the abolition of the apprenticesiiip system in the
colonies, denied altogether the right of the legislature to give
up to
_the planters the labour of the negroes fur any number of
yea rs.
Lord AS INGER was surprised to hear his noble and learned
friend say something which amounted to an avowal that he con-
sidered an act of parliameut to be illegal, and that if it were
produced in the court in wi,ieh he presided, he would not act
upon it.
Lord DENMAN did cut deny the legality of any contract be-
tween the planters and the government, but he did totally deny
the power of parliament to make any contract by which the la-
bour of the negroes could be for six years appropriated to the
planters or their mortgagees.
The Duke of WELLINGTON contended that there was a com-
pact between the imperial legislature and the planters. The
negroes were to be freed on the twofold condition that the coun-
try should give £20,000,000 as compensation to the planters,
and that, moreover,. the negroes should give six years' labour in
the character of apprentices.
The Marquis of CLA NRICA riE insisted that it was utterly in-'
consistent with the spirit of English law to make slavery in any
form, part and parcel of that law.
Lord DENMAN, in explanation, said that he feared, from all
that he had lately read, that it was in contemplation to continue
slavery beyond the Ist of August, 1&10.
