HOUSE OF LORDS, THURSDAY, JUNE 6.

-- -
Lord LYTTENTON presented several petitions, praying a better
observance of the Sabbath, from congregations of Wesleyan
Methodists.
Lord SUFFIELD presented various petitions against negro
slavery, from several parts of the country.

THE KING'S ANSWER TO THE ADDRESS.
As soon as Earl Grey had taken his seat on the ministerial
bench,
The Marquis WELLESLEY, as Lord Steward of the House-
hold, advanced to the table and said, as well as we could hear'
him in the gallery, that he had been commanded by his Majesty
to communicate to the house his Majesty's most gracious an-
swer to the address of the House of Lords, of the 3d of June,
which he would now read.
There was a cry of " order !" and " hats off!" several peers
having inadvertently neglected to uncover—a custom which is
always observed when any communication is made to the house
from the King.
The noble marquis then read the following answer from his
Majesty :
"My Loans—l have already taken all such measures gs ap-
peared to me to be necessary for maintaining the neutrality which
I had determined to observe in the contest now car7ity on in
Portugal. (Signed) Ex.,'
The answer was then laid on the table.
Adjourned at a quarter to six.
HOUSE OF COMMONS, THURSDAY, JUNE 6.

-- -
The Speaker took the chair soon after twelve o'clock. There
was a full attendance of members, and many of them busily en-
gaged themselves in taking places for the evening, preparatory
to the discussion on Colonel Davies 's motion for an address ex-
pressive of confidence in his Majesty's government.
The business having been gone through, the Speaker quitted
the chair at two o'clock.

The Speaker resumed the chair at five o'clock.
GALWAY ELECTION COMMITTEE.
Mr. DOMINIcK BROWNE brought up the report of the Galway
Election Committee. The Committee declared that James
Daly, Esq., one of the sitting members for the county of Gal-
way, was duly elected; that the petition of - French, Esq.
against his return was not frivolous and vexatious, and that
the opposition to that petition was not frivolous and vexatious.
COLLECTION OF TITHES IN IRELAND.
Mr. HENRY GRATTAN observed, that as the petitioners all
complained of distress, it was his duty to state that similar dis-
tress existed in Ireland in almost every branch of trade. He
rose, however, more particularly for the purpose of asking the
noble Lord (the Chancellor of the Exchequer) whether, when
it was found necessary to enforce a debt aue to the crown, it
was right that the officers of the crown should break into the
houses of the King's debtors, and take the inmates off to gaol?
He understood that such was the course pursued in Ireland with
respect to those who owed tithes, and, by that means, under
the construction of a late Act of Parliament, hadbecome crown
debtors. He wished particularly to know whether such a
course of proceeding had been sanctioned by his Majesty's
government ?
The CHANCEL LoR of the EXCHEQUER said that by the Act of
clergy
law was the
became
be
b r debts
ok
en
Parliament passed last session money was advanced to the Irish
clergy upon the arrears of tithes due to them, and upon such
dv
cesNw in
England being made
athe delbatsa
dand Ireland
due to the
atothane crown.
into,same,a nthat
d entered.for debtsHe believed
due to the
that this in
crown houses i mightt
have happened
in Ireland in some cases, but he could state that the same thing
would not happen again. (Hear, hear.) Orders had been re-
cently sent to Ireland to suspend the collection of tithe arrears,
at least until the opinion of the house was taken onviaithqu
which he was to have brought forward last night e strespectquestion
to the collection of tithes.
