THE LIVERPOOL

qualified measure founded upon them. The house, in fact, was
placed in a new position by the introduction of the resolutions
of government. A practical plan for the abolition of slavery
had been submitted to its consideration, and a variety of cir-
cumstances indispensibly necessary for fully appreciating that
plan must necessarily be taken into view. The immense, the
unspeakable importance of the subject demanded the opportu-
nity for the fullest consideration. Por himself, he should not at
the present period enter into the merits of the question ; he
wished for tune, and he hoped the proposition for postponing
the debate would meet with the concurrence of the rest of the
house. He was desirous, for the character of the house, as well
as for the general interest of the country, that the further
debate of the question should be deferred to a day so distant, as
to afford time for the mature consideration of the whole bear-
ing of the question. (Hear, hear.)
Lord ALTHOWP entirely concurred in the sentiments expressed
by the right hon. bait He was convinced that no man who felt
the immense importance of the question could consider his pro-
I position for delay unreasonable. The proposition was one which
did not alone affect the convenience of the members of that
house, but it also concerned the public at large, and on that
ground he thought it desirable that full opportunity should be
afforded for the consideration of the question. The discussion
which had occurred ought not to be considered a final one, and
he thought the best mode would be to propose that the chair-
man report progress pro forma, and in the interim the propo-
sitions could be printed. He, therefore, should suggest that the
further debate be adjourned till Thursday the 30th instant.
Mr. BUXTON objected to the extent of the postponement, but
wishes, at all events, before any period was fixed for the resump-
tion of the debate, to be informed on one point, whether the
money alluded to in the propositions was to be paid by the ne-
groes or the country? If the negroes were to be called upon to
pay a single farthing, unless for their own benefit, he should on
that score alone oppose the measure.
Lord ALTHORP replied, that government, in submitting their
plan to the house, did not intend to exact any pledge. They
left the details entirely to the discretion of the house, and merely
contended for the main principle of the measure.
Mr. GODSON insisted that the West Indians wanted no post-
ponement of the question at all. Their minds were already
made up upon it. But they would particularly deprecate any
delay in its settlement at the present period of the year. He
thought besides there was something unfair and one-sided in
deferring the (debate to so distant a period, when the impres-
sion which the brilliant speech of the right hon. Secretary of the
Colonies was calculated to create, if it remained unanswered,
would be fixed on the public mind. (Hear, hear.)
Mr. STANLEY confessed he could see no valid objection to the
delay, which was only proposed in order that an opportunity
might be afforded for the due consideration of the measure.
Mr. GODSON rejoined by a complaint that so few individuals
connected with the West India interests had obtained seats in
the house. Not more than ten individuals so connected had, he
observed, been returned ; and this was in consequence of the
exertions used at the last general election to keep them out.—
(A laugh.)
Sir R. PEEL said, that whatever opinion might be entertained
with respect to the effect of his proposal, there could be no doubt
as to its object, which was simply to give au opportunity for
the safe and satisfactory adjustment of a most momentous
question.
Mr. STEWART objected to the length of the period proposed
for the adjournment, and thought that one week would be suf-
ficient. (Cries of " Adjourn.")
Sir R. VIVIAN was understood to contend that many of the
statements made by the right hon. Secretary for the Colonies,
with respect to the number of lashes inflicted on the negroes,
were contrary to fact. (Cries of " Adjourn.")
The question that the further debate be adjourned till the
30th inst. was then put and agreed to, and the Chairman re-
ported progress, and obtained leave to sit again on that day.
The house having resumed, the other orders of the day were
disposed of, and the house adjourned at a quarter to 1 o'clock.
