BIGAMY.

Thomas Nall, an elderlTin;l7, ;as placed at the bar on a
charge of having married Mary Brandon, spinster, his first
•
wife being alive at the same time.
George Jared said he was a boot and shoe-maker, residing
in Mary Adelaide-place, Old Swan, West Derby. In the
year 1828 he was clerk at St. Phillip's Church. On the 21st
January in that year the prisoner was married in that church,
to Elizabeth Dawson. The ceremony was performed by the
Rev. Mr. Bowstead. This morning witness had seen the
prisoner's first wife, at her house in Clayton-street.
Ann Jared, daughter of the last witness, proved that she
was present at the first marriage, and saw the prisoner sign
the register.
Mary Brandon, the,second wife, said she was now lodging
in Islington-place, Lambeth-street. She had known the
prisoner for twelve months, and on the 16th of December
she was married to him, in St. Philip's Church, by the Rev.
Mr. Townsend. He told her he was a widower. She left
him the day after the marriage, as he said he was going to do
some work at Lower Bebbington, in Cheshire, and went to
her friends in Manchester, whither he was to follow her, but
he did not. In a few days afterwards she received a letter,
informing her that the prisoner was either married or living
with another woman ; she made inquiries in consequence,
but could not ascertsin the fact till Thursday last, when she
learned that he had been married, and that bis wife was
living. She informed the police, and the prisoner was appre-
hended. He was perfectly sober when he was married to
her.

Thomas Percival, brother-in-law to the last witness,
proved the second marriage.
The prisoner was then called upon for his defence. " All
I have to say," he replied, " is that another person has been
with her day and night for three months, which there is a
person to prove."
He was committed for trial at the assizes.
FORGING SEAMEN'S NOTES.
James Storey was charged with having forged two seaman's
notes, by means of which he obtained the sum of 6s, from a
carpenter named Jefferson Blowe.
Jefferson Blowe said he was a joiner, and that he lodged
with his brother, Burdett Blowe, in Catherine-court, Ed-
ward-street. About three weeks ago witness entered a ship-
ping office at Harrison's public-house in Wapping, and asked
the prisoner, who was there putting a paper into the window
if he wanted a carpenter's mate. The prisoner replied,, " There is one wanted here," on which witness asked him
the name of the vessel. "It is not customary," the prisoner
replied, "to tell that ; I might shut up shop if I did." Wit-
ness then asked him if he thought he could secure him a
berth, to which he answered, " You must give me 2s. first—
we have been taken in by so many sailors getting their notes,
and not going in the vessel." Witness, therefore, went out,
borrowed 25., and gave the money to the prisoner, who, at
that time told him neither the name of the captain nor of the
vessel. When he had given him the 2s. the prisoner said,
" I will go out and get the monthly notes signed, and you
must call again the next day," but witness left him in the
office. On calling again the next day the prisoner told him
the captain had gone to London, and that he had not been
able to see him. In two or three days afterwards he again
saw the prisoner, who told him he had got the notes signed.
Witness then said, " I should like to see the captain,' but
the prisoner said, " there is no occasion for you to see him."
The next day witness called again, and asked the prisoner
how much money he should want besides what be had had,
and he said, " four shillings." The following day witness
was going through the Custom-house Arcade, when the pri-
soner came up, tapped him on the shoulder, and said, " Have
you got your money ?" Witness replied, " No, but I'll go
and see if I can borrow it," and the prisoner added, " Do so,
and I will go with you." Witness went to his brother's wife
borrowed four shillings from her, and gave them to the
prisoner, who thereupon produced two shipping notes, which
he filled up, with the exception of the names of the captain
and the merchant's. Those names had been written pre-
viously. The prisoner gave him these notes, and said he
must call at the office on Friday (last) to sign articles. He
called at the office but the prisoner was not in. On going
to the ship Formosa, in the Prince's Dock, he saw Captain
Adams, who said the signatures " A. Adams" were not in his
writing. This morning witness saw the prisoner on George's
Dock Quay, and followed him into Benn's Gardens, where
he gave him into custody. When charged with the forgery
the prisoner replied, " Please, drop it ; come to the office
and you shall have your money again."
Alexander Adams said he was captain of the Formosa,
now lying in the Prince's Dock, bound for Sydney. The
prisoner had no authority to ship any men for his vessel.
The signatures to the two notes produced were not written
by witness.

-Dennis Brennand, superintendent of scavengers, stated
that be apprehended the prisoner in Benn's Gardens, as de-
scribed by the prosecutor.

The defence set up by the prisoner was, that he was at the
time in want of money, and that he was very sorry for what
he had done.

Mr. Rus HTON committed him for trial at the next sessions.
SUMMONS FOR WAGES.
John Glass, a seaman, summoned Captain Cable, of the
John Mitchell, to show cause why he refused to pay the sum
of £l2 Bs. 6d., the balance of wages due from the 24th of
August last. The answer was, that the complainant was an
incompetent seaman, but there was no proof of the fact. The
money, it appeared, had been tendered to the plaintiff on
Saturday, but for' some reason he refused to take it. Mr.
Rushton ordered it to be paid, and regretted that he had no
power to make the complainant pay the costs.

Mr. Leathom, chairman; Mr. Horsfall, Mr. Evans, and
Mr. Holt, a deputation in support of the Liverpool Dock and
Warehouse Bill, had an interview with Lord John Russell,
on Friday, at the Colonial-office.

On Sunday afternoon, about five o'clock, a fire was dis-
covered in the engine-room of Mr. Hill's chemical-works,
Eaton street, Vauxhall-road. Intelligence was quickly con-
veyed to the Fire-police station, and the engines, under the
direction of Mr. Hewitt, were soon on the spot and in opera.
tion. The fire was speedily put out, the damage sustained
having been inconsiderable.

CHESS.—The Armagh Club are, at present, engaged in
playing a match with Liverpool players, by correspondence.
The game is only commenced:. two moves having only passed
on each side : when it has further advanced we will give our
readers the. particulars.

CHURCH OF ENGLAND BENEVOLENT TRUST AND As-
SURANCE INSTITUTION.—We are glad to .find that a novel
and noble institution is in the course of formation, under dia.
tinguished support, having for one of its objects a provision
for the families of deceased Clergymen ; or to enable congre-
gations to ensure the lives of their Clergy ; or of Clergymen
to ensure their own lives £3O per cent. lower than the ordi-
nary rates—such per centage being the average profit of Life
Assurances. An Institution like this has been long wanted.
A system of making a provision for families exists in the afmy
and the East Indian Service, but nothing of the sort for the
Clergy, who most require it.—Conservative Journal.
LIVERPOOL ASSIZES.—The Assizes for the Southern Di-
vision of this county will commence on Wednesday next, on
the afternoon of which the commission will be opened. The
business of the Assizes will commence on Thursday, before
Mr. Justice Coleridge, in the Crown Court, and the Honour-
able Mr. Justice Erskine, in the Civil Court. The calendar,
we are sorry to say, is heavy, there being not less than 107
prisoners for trial. The following shows the offences of which
the prisoners are accused, and the number of each class of
offenders in custody
Murder
Killing and slaying
Cutting and wounding.. 7 I Do. out on bail
Utteringbills, knowing
them to be forged .. I Total lO7
SHORT WEIGHTS.—On Friday last, at Eirkdale Petty
Sessions, a number of shopkeepers were brought up before
John Formby, Esq., and Charles Birch, Esq., charged with
having in their possession short weights, and were fined in
the usual penalty, namely, twenty shillings and costs. It
was calculated, that if the weights for which one of the cul-
prit's was fined were pretty actively employed, the fraud on
his customers would reach to several pounds sterling per
week.

EMIGRATION.—From present appearance's, the number
of persons emigrating this year, will be unusually large.
The main stream of emigration still continues to run towards
the United States. Already several hundreds have sailed,
and berths for several hundreds more are engaged. The
New York packet-ships now carry out their full complement
of steerage passengers. On Monday the Sheridan sailed
with 337 steerage and between twenty and thirty cabin pas-
sengers ; and, on Friday, the South America's deck literally
swarmed with men, women, and children : she also carried
out a large number of cabin passengers. Most of the suc-
ceeding packet-ships will be crowded with emigrants, while
the transient ships also take out large numbers.
DEATH AT SEA.—Among the passengers by the packet-
ship England, Captain Waite, which sailed from New York
on the 23d ult. for this port, was Samuel Jenks Smith, Esq.,
editor of the Sunday Morning News, published at New York.
Mr. Smith had been complaining for about six months be-
fore he embarked, and the primary object of his intended
visit to this country was to try the effect of a change of cli-
mate. He gradually became worse, however, until the 3d
instant, when he expired. His body was committed to the
deep with the usual ceremonies observed at sea. Mr. Smith,
who was about thirty-five years of age, was one of the lead-
ing men of the Whig party at New York, and was universally
respected. He has left a wife and two children to lament his
loss.

LAUNCHES.—On Thursday last was launched from the
building-yard of Messrs. Challinor and Co., Baffin-street, a
fine new brig, called the St. Vincent, built for John Cropper,
Esq., and intended for the St. Vincent trade. She went off
in beautiful style, amidst the cheers of a large concourse of
spectators. After the launch a company of from seventy to
eighty ladies and gentlemen sat down in the mould-room to
an elegant repast, provided by the owner of the vessel. John
Askew, Esq., ably presided ; and, after the toasts of the
Queen and Prince Albert, the healths were respectively drunk
of "" The Mayor of Liverpool," " The owner," " The build-
er,&c. The afternoon was spent in the most agreeable
manner.—The same day a fine ship, of about 600 tons bur-
then, was launched from the yard of Messrs. Humble and
Milcrest, Trentham-street. This vessel is 130 feet in length,
and 30 feet in breadth. She has been built, under the able
superintendence of Captain Finlay Cooke, for Messrs. John
Ridgway and Co., and is intended for the East India trade.
She is a very handsome vessel, with a full-length figure-head
of Miss Martha Ridgway, who gave her her own name in
person. After the launch, which was highly gratifying, Mr.
Ridgway entertained a select party of friends on the occasion,
who spent the evening in a delightful manner.
BEWARE OF THE IDES OF MARCH.—The alone' of Marchis memorable on account of the warning given to Caesar, his
neglect of it, and its fatal consequences. The Ides of March
are still pregnant with danger, not to crowned heads alone,
but to all ranks, from the peer to the peasant. The_ piercing
easterly winds that prevail at this season are to be feared by
throwing
all classes of society, more especially as nature, off
her wintry torpor, is preparing to respond to the genial in-
fluence of hope-awakening spring, when we are more suscep.
tible of the baneful effects of the keen blasts for which this
month is remarkable. Many diseases that are brought to a
fatal termination by these cutting winds, may be, averted by
having timely recourse to Frampton's Pill of Health, a me-
dicine that has justly obtained an unrivalled popularity as an
efficacious and mild aperient.

ATTEMPT TO OBTAIN MONEY UNDER FALSE PRETENCES.
—On Friday, at the Police Court, a man, rather shabbily at-
tired, named John Walters, was placed at the bar under the
following circumstances :—Mr. Steel, of the Gas Works,
stated that the prisoner had called on him on the previous
day, with a petition or representation (produced), and had
asked him for a contribution. The document was well and
ingeniously written,
and purported to be signed and sealed
by the Comptroller of Customs in Belfast, and attested by
two magistrates. It set forth that the bearer was captain of
.the ship Albion, of Halifax, British America; that the ship
was bound thence to Great Yarmouth ; that she foundered
at sea in February last, and that out of sixteen persons, all
perished but the captain and four others, whom it recom-
mended to the humane.. The loss which it was represented
the captain had sustained was put down at £2400. Amongst
the pretended signatures were the names of many of the first
firms in the town, and many private individuals, including
" 'The Countess oeSefton." The sums varied from £1
,
to £5 55., at which last liberal sum were put down The
Compositors of the Mercury." Mr. Steel knew some of the
signatures to be forged, and very properly gave the man in
charge. All the others were probably equally false. The
prisoner said he had had the paper in his possession only half
an hour, and that he got it from another man. Mr. Rushton
said there was undoubtedly a manufacturer of such petitions
in this town. He sentenced the prisoner to be imprisoned
for three months.

et4,tros
\

41 7. /71.7
• ,
.4.1*
4'w Ats•'-.7, '11•7*'`4";?:71
CO \4 fr v/Y;i7.
I~'NY kg'

THEATRE4ROYAL.

Since the termination of the last season, the decorative
part of the house has been retouched, new lights have been
added, and arrangements made for the greater comfort of
the visitors. To make the house complete, nothing seems
to us to be wanting but backs to the seats in the pit.
The opening night of the season, which was last evening,
displayed a most brilliant and crowded auditory. The play
was Sheridan Knowles's new production " Love," which our
literary and theatrical readers will recollect was reeently
produced at Covent Garden Theatre. Miss Ellen Tree per-
formed the Countess, and Mr. Stuart Huon, Mr. Gray the
Duke of Calinthia, Miss Cleave the Empress, and Mrs.Tellet
Catherine. In the performance of Miss Tree we found
it impossible to mark a defect, and the auditory evi-
dently had a similar impression. Mr. Stuart elicited
considerable applause, but occasionally there was an in -
distinctness in his articulation, which prevented the lan-
guage of the author producing its proper effect. Mr.
Gray did not make the Duke exhibit that want of
physical power of which he repeatedly complains, and in his
exit there was little or no appearance of the decreasing
strength which he described as the harbinger of his dissolu-
tion. Yet, on the whole, the proud, ambitious spirit of the
Duke was ably pourtrayed. We may pass over the remain-
ing characters by stating, that they could not have been
confided to better hands ' • but the acting of Mrs. Tellet de-
serves especial notice. Nothing could be richer than the
challenge to Sir .Rupert, except perhaps the address with
which the denouement was sustained. Taken altogether, the
play was highly successful, and at the fall of the curtain it
was loudly cheered. The custom, absurd though it is, of
calling for the " star" of the evening was revived, and ac-
cordingly Miss Tree was led before the curtain by Mr.
Stuart, and having gracefully acknowledged the call, she
retired.

It was our intention to have reviewed, or rather to have
detailed, the merits of the play, as a dramatic production, in
this day's STANDARD, but we have been unable to do so. It
shall appear on Friday.
Thd performances closed with a farce called " Second
Thoughts," in which the admirable acting of Mrs. Clarke,
Mrs. Tellet, Mr. Baker, and indeed of all the characters,
called forth shouts of laughter.
We perceive that " Love" is to be repeated every evening
this week. We would recommend our friends not to fail
seeing it. It is a beautiful production, and the style in which
it is "got up" at the Theatre Royal, is not only worthy of it,
but is highly creditable to the taste and enterprise of the
management.

DANIEL O'CONNELL, Md'.,
J. R. M`GIIEE.

AND THE REV.

At a recent meeting in Ireland, resolutions condemnatory
of the proceedings of the great agitator were unanimously
passed, and a copy sent to Mr. O'Connell, with a request
that he would contradict any part of them that might be
erroneous. The reply was, that Mr. O'Connell " could not
meet them, either before the constituency of the university
or the Irish bar." On the receipt of this reply, it was re-
solved that the resolutions should be submitted to the House
of Commons in any manner that honourable house might be
pleased to direct. On this subject a letter was written to
Mr. O'Connell by the Rev. J. R. M` Thee, bidding him, in
the name of the Protestants and Roman Catholics of Ireland,
to call him (Mr. M`Ghee) to the bar of the House of Com-
mons, and move that he be granted full liberty to prove the
facts specified. And then the reverend gentleman proceeds'
to say that he dares not do it; that he knows the villainy of
the popish hierarchy too well; that he knows too well the
system of criminal temporal tyranny and sedition, that they
practise over the poor Roman Catholics of Ireland under the
mask of religion—and that he knows too well his own profit,
as their tool and agent—as the autowatan of their will—the
puppet of their power, to dare to let the mystery of their
iniquity and his own, be openly and boldly developed in such
an authoritative form as it must be by an honest witness for
truth at the bar of the House of Commons. The reverend
gentleman then remarks on the dependence of her Majesty's
Government on the O'Connell faction, and declares that it is
the duty of every sincere Protestant to show the people of
Ireland, that when their representatives are compromising
and parleying with O'Connell, and making concessions of
political power to the papacy, instead of bringing him and
that system of perjury, cruelty, sedition, and slavery, to the
bar of public justice ; they are compromising the blessings of
the British constitution, the honour of their sovereign, the
safety of the Protestants, the freedom of the Roman Catholics
of Ireland—the liberties, the laws, and the religion of their
country. Mr. M'Ghee then cautions O'Connell in the fol-
lowing manner :—" Don't pretend that you would be very
happy if I were brought to the bar, but take sweet counsel
with Lord John Russell privately, that he should come for-
ward to prevent it. Don't use any Jesuitical tricks to evade
the exposure of the villainy of your hierarchy, but stand
honestly forward and confess you are afraid to meet the case.
The honourable member for Sheffield will cover your retreat
with an apology for falsehood, and a panegyric upon charity ;
and Lord Morpeth will deliver a lugubrious homily on the
morality of Father Mathew, the piety of your priests, and
the evangelical grace of Dr. Murray." The letter of Mr.
M'Ghee has created a great sensation amongst the Roman
Catholic clergy of Ireland, and perhaps it may have some
effect in arousing Protestants from the apathy in which they
have so long indulged.

Mr. Illidge has just finished a grand full length portrait of
Joshua Walmsley, Esq., Mayor of Liverpool. It is an ad-
mirable likeness, and does creditto Mr. Illidge's well-known
talents.

Lord and Lady Francis Egerton, with their family and
Lady Charlotte Greville, are still at Rome, and, from the
last letters received from Italy, did not intend quitting that
city until next month, when the noble lord and lady purpose
returning to this country. His lordship's health is said to
have improved considerably, and that he had quite recovered
from the debilitating effects of the severe attack of gout
which his lordship experienced previous to his departure for
Italy.

It is said the Emperor of Austria will not consent to the
marriage of his niece, the Princess of Braganza, with the
Prince de Joinville.

ANECDOTE OF AMPERE.—Of Ampere's absence of mind t
droll anecdote is related. Being out one day at dinner, he
completely forgot where' he was, and imagined he was at
home. Not happening to like some of the dishes of which
he had partaken, hp exclaimed aloud, under the supposition
that he. was addressing his wife or ins- Sister, " I never sat
down to a more execrable dinner : why do you not get a bet-
ter cook?"—Polytechnic Journal for March, p. 184.
Mr. Beale, of the musical firm of Cramer, Addison, and
Beale, son of Mr. Beale, late of Manchester, has taken
Drury-lane Theatre ; his term to commence from October
next. It is in contemplation then to produce " opera" upon
a more perfect and extensive scale than has ever been at-
tempted in this country. At present the only engagement
completed is that of Mr. Benedict, a musical director.—
London Paper•.

EXTRAORDINARY CASE.—MISS Lucy Harrington, for-
merly a resident in America, and daughter of Mr. Moses
Harrington, died recently in Conish, N.H. under the follow-
ing distressing circumstances. She was sick three years and
a half, and confined to her bed two years and five months.
Several months previous to her death, her right hip was dis-
located by a contraction of the muscles, while she was sleep-
ing quietly in her bed. Immediately after this event, her
bones began to hmk, and before her death they had broken
nineteen times or more, in different parts of her body. At
first her ribs broke, then her collar bone, then her lower limbs,
ter under jaw, and the bones of her hands and feet. Their
breaking was sometimes attended with noise, and at others
not ; and was always preceded and followed by the most acute
pain. The ends of the broken bones would sometimes, for a
day or two, grate together on being moved. Upon a post
mortem examination, not a sound bone was found. All were
so softened as to be easily cut with a knife. When her bones
began to break, the muscles of her lower limbs so contracted
that they lay directly across her stomach and bowels. In this
position she lay until her death. Her body was so contracted
that at one time she measured as she lay in bed only two feet
four inches. She gradually lost all strength in her limbs,
until she could only move slightly the ends of her fingers.
She was 43 years of age.—American paper.
FLEETWOOD.—SCREW PILE LIGHT-HOUSE.—We lately
visited this picturesque structure, and minutely examined its
various parts ; the plan appears to combine extreme lightness
with the greatest possible strength, being iron-bound and
angle-braced in every direction, and. from the originality of
its design, and correctness of its execution, reflects the high-
est credit on its projectors—the Messrs. Mitchell. It stands
about two miles from the shore, upon the tail of a bank of
shifting sand, which great disadvantage has been surmounted
by covering it to some distance round the building with a
tenacious clay mixed with stone and gravel. The foundation
is formed of seven strong iron piles, forced 13 feet in the
ground by means of screws three feet in diameter, attached
to their lower extremity, the bank gradually consolidating
to that depth. In these piles seven massive spars are
firmly secured, which rise above the surface of the bank
about forty-six feet, and on which the base of the house is
strongly framed. By the above arrangement, though the
tide frequently rises here to the height of thirty feet, yet,
during the heaviest swell the house is unaffected by it, the
waves passing freely underneath. Of this a convincing proof
was given during the storms of last January, the building
being then far advanced, but without the braces which form
an essential part of the plan. The house is now completed,
with the exception of the lighting apparatus, and contains
two good apartments, with the light-room, store-roomsi &c ;
it has also a broad balcony round the building, and a second
surrounding the lantern, from whence an extensive view is
had of the ocean and adjacent shores. A great experiment
has thus been successfully made, and a point of the utmost
importance to navigation set at rest for ever, viz., the prac-
ticability of placing light-houses on sand banks in the ocean,
which to shipping are not less dangerous than sunken rocks.
The ease with which such buildings may be placed on sub-
marine banks still more exposed, may be inferred from the
circumstance that the Wyre light-house was commenced late
in November last, and carried on without interruption during
the severe weather of the last winter. That the coasts of
this kingdom will in time become studded with such lights
we confidently anticipate, which conclusion forces itself upon
us from a consideration of the superior advantages they will
possess over floating lights ; among these may he enumerated
a more powerful light, free from all motion, the certainty of
not being set adrift, which in many instances has proved so
disastrous, and a diminished annual expense of at least one-
half. Our opinion thus expressed is strengthened by the
circumstance that the elder brethren of the Trinity House
entertained so favourable an opinion of the plan, that they
engaged the Messrs. Mitchell some time since to place a
similar screw foundation on the Maplin Sands (a- bank at
the entrance of the Thames), and where we hope soon to
hear of a light being exhibited. We cannot conclude this
brief notice without expressing a cordial wish that the
Messrs. Mitchell may reap a rich harvest froin their admi-
rable invention, in which we understand they are protected
by a patent.—Preston Pilot.
THE REV. Was. NITNN.—This gentleman, whose death
was briefly noticed in the Guardian last week, has been so
long known to the inhabitants of this town, and more parti-
cularly to the congregation assembling for divine service at
St. Clement's Church, as to call for a notice somewhat be-
yond the mere insertion of his name in an obituary. Mr. Nunn
was born at Colchester, in Essex, and came to officiate in St.
Clement's Church, in the year 1817 ; since which, his amiable
and conciliatory conduct, the independence and rectitude of
his principles, and the indefatiguble discharge of his sacred
duties, have secured for hiin the respect, esteem and at-
tachment of a numerous congregation, and of a large circle
of friends. On Wednesday evening, the 4th inst., he preached
his last sermon, and on the following day was attacked by
the illness which terminated his earthly career in four days,
as he departed this life on the 9th inst., about eleven o'clock,
a.m., leaving a wife and eight children. T-Ie was interred at
All Saints' Church, on Saturday last, the 14th inst.,
by the Rev. John Hollist, of St. James's Church; and
the interest created by Mr. Nunn's death, in the midst
of his usefulness, was strikingly evinced by the fact,
that upwards ,of three thousand persons assembled to
witness the funeral ceremony. Amongst the clergy who
attended (amounting from twenty to thirty in number), there
were the Rev. John Hollist, the Rev. Hugh Stowell, the
Rev.. Dr. Barton; the Rev. Mr. HuntingtOn, the Rev.
..e
N 4
Mr.
Piceope, the Rev. W. Hewlett, the Rev. Mr. ...if.sigiTratzin
Rev. Mr. Grundy, the Rev,. Mr. Cave, the Rev.
W. Hewlett,
(brother of the deceased), &c. &c. The Rev.
which
he
has seldom
on
curate of Astley, preached the funeral serm on, atn tqat,
ICle-
ment's Church, on Sunday evening-.
A hig grace wa7l;
last, from the
Ist epistle.'of Corinthians, 10th vti.se—..
thiswas occasion, bestowed uponwss
crowdedm e,vas
ton not
an excess
eN).;'acle.ns.sr w
been equalled in any place of worship in this town.—Man-
chester Guardian.

4

Votttp.

SONGS OF THE HEART.

No. II.—THE PAST.

BT T. J. OUSELEY.

(For the Liverpool Standard.)

The past—yes, the past is a beautiful dream,
On whose bright floating fancies sweet feeling will dwell,
As we bask in the light of the murmuring stream,
Which reflects on the mind in fond Memory's cell;
And the shadows that pass, 'mid the beautiful flowers,
Are hallowed breathings that do not Wercast ;
Like a light summer cloud, gently veiling the flowers,
We smile at the present—we think on the PAST !

We see those we've loved, with a soothing of sorrow,
The home and the hearth, the dear blessing and prayer;
Such feelings as these bring no joy for the morrow—
They're too blissful and precious the future to share.
The hours of mirth, and the moments of sadness,
When laughter teas joy, e'en thoul4h grief came at last ;
The silver-bell voice—hw t trilled with heart gladness ;
We smile at the presetint— i
we think on the PAST!

The voyager looks tow'rds the land of his birth,
O'er the far distant mters; and Fancy will show
The home of his kindred—the loved spot of earth—
Whilst, in quiet, the tears of affection will flow ;
So on life's desert ocean we fondly recall
Sweet memories, nor heed the black, threatening blast ;
Those star-guides of comfort, when dangers appal :
We smile at the present—we think on the PAST !
