HOUSE OF COM MONS.—WEDNEsoA T.

The Speaker took the chair at four o'clock.
Captain ftlatthw took the oath* and. his seat for Shaftes-
bury.

du the motion of Capt. ALSAGER, the'London and Croydon
Railway Bill was read third titue and passed.Tne
presentation of petitious occupied the house until near
five o'cock.

Mr H IWKES moved the second reading of the British Manu-
facturers' Protection Bill. The onlyrobj ect of the bill was to pro-
tect British manufacturers front the repeated frauds they had
been so long subjected to by foreigners.
Mr. HAwEs said he thought a bill of this kind ought to be
well considered by the Board of Trade before it waS read a see-
and time.

Mr. LABOLCIIEIZE assured the house that the measure had
been carefully e%am:ned by the Board of Trade, and no objec-
tion world he of from that quarter im the second reading.
But when the bill was iu committee, several alterations insome
of the clauses would he proposed.
After a fee' Observations fritm Sir Ic. Peel. Mr. Parker, Mr.
M. Phillips, Mr. Ward, Mr. P. Thomson, and Mr. Thorneley,
the bill was read a second time, and ordered to be committed on
jhird of May.

After a zeneral conversation up,n the subject of the Medical
Charities Bill, the 11,,use was counted, and 40 mernbersnot being
present, the house adjourned at a quarter to seven o'clock.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.—THtJCsoAY.
The ballot for the Wicklow Election Committee caused a
long discussion, with closed doors, on the question whether the
sitting members should separately strike from the list. The
house divided, and the decision was in favour of the right to
strike off the names separately, which gave the sitting members
the advantage of strik mg off two ft ton the number of tories drawn
for every one struck off by the petitioner.
A committee to try the merits of the petition against the return
for Leicester, was also balloted for.
After the presentation of some petitions, and a short discussion
on the subject of French encroachments on the English
fisheries, the house was counted out soon after eight o'clock.

HOUSE OF LORDS.—Folosir.
Lord Kenyon, Loud Roseherry, the Duke of Richmond, Lord
Northampton, Earl iitzwilliam, the ;Marquis of 5:440, Lord
Lyndhuist, &c., presented petitions for the abolition of the negro
apprenticeship. system..
l'he Earl of StiIIEIVIBURy, adverting to papers that hid been
laid upon their 'orison's' table gave notice that soon after the
Easter recess, he should bring forward a motion grounded on
their contents, in order to show that oaths were binding upon
Roman catliolics:

The Earl or WINCH (I,SEA gave notice that, immediately after
the recess, be would .present a bill to amend the Poor Law
A mendinent'Act, so far as regarded diet, labour in work houses,
and out-door relief.

The Elarl'of RtPox moved for various returns regarding the
e-spenditure of the cliurch commissioners, Ireland, particularly.
of late, his lordship clirrending that they had been excessive.
Alter an extended conversation, in which Lord Melbourne,
the Duke of Wellington; &c., took part; the papers were or-
dered. •
Their lordships
adjourned till Monday.

HOUSE OF COMMONS—FRIDAY.
The StifiAKEII stated, that he had received a petition com-
plaining of an undue return at the last election fur Devizes.
Mr. tinontE reported from the Mahlon election committee,
that Mr. Round had been duly returned.
The Cnarictr.t.i.oit of the EXCHEQUER gave notice, that on
Monday, in the committee of oupply, he should move fir a reso-
lution tot a grant to meet the quarter's pensions now due.
Mr. HALL having made inquiries,
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQVER stated, that the pro-
mised reduction of fourpence postage had taken place, that the
threepence postage was to be reduced ; and that the plan re-
garding stamped covers had been interrupted by the luterfer.
enee of parties alleging that the plan was partial.
Mr. BROTHERToN inquired whether. the Attorney-general
contemplated the introduction of any bill to amend the regula-
tions regarding the medical profession ?.
The ATTOUNEY-GktiEitAL answered, that, though admitting
the impottaace of the subject, he had left it in,the hands of Mr.
Warburton; but if no measure were before brought forward, he
would next session direct attention to it. _

'Mr. lhacksToNs; complained of breach of privilege in a letter
signed by 111 r. l'oulter, the ex-member for Shaftesbury, that had
appeared in the Morning Chronicle as an ail certisement, impug-
ning the conduct, motives, and decision of the Shafteshury elec-
tion committee which had unseated him; and moved thatt
Puulter and the. publisher of the paper do attend at the bar of
the house on Monday, which motion, eventually, was agreed to.
On the motion, that the house resolve into committee on the
slavery almlition- act amen/line/A bill,
Mr. JAMES SzLwsur moved, that it be an instruction to
such committee to introduce a clause providine that vet o.° ap_
prenticeship, as established by the 3d and 4th William IV., cap.
73. shall totally cease on the Ist August, 18187 a motion that
be justified on the ground of the terms of the act of compensa-
tion havmcg been neglected and violated.
Thi proposition was dropped on the understanding that it
could be moved in the committee on another stage of the bill.
