your ships for less than fifty" per. cent. Pass such an act:
and in three months thereafter you will find a French
seventy-four and half a dozen frigates in the Irish chan-
nel within hail of Holyhead, and exhibiting their colours
to the Liverpool floating lights. These are our senti.
meets, and now you may pass the act when you please
That the French anticipate, and are prepared for this
extremity, we see in every page of their ministerial jour-
nals. These speak the sentiments of the ministry and
the nation. JONATHAN, they will not pay you the dollars,
simply because you have lied the empty folly to threaten
them. On the contrary, they now threaten yea. They
are instructed to hint to the people of the United States
that they have three millions of black slaves! They say
that you are tyrants, making war upon each other—a
nation of brokers in human flesh—who laugh at law and
justice—who burn, pilfer, and murder without the shadow
of law or reason, and that in your boasted land of liberty
the men who are hung are not tried, and the men who are

tried are not hung !
What a hitter sarcasm, bitter, galling, scarifying, be-
cause true! -Y on set yourselves up to be enlightened
and intelligent people; they tell you in direct terms that
you are ignorant and fanatical barbarians—that your
liberty is oppression—your philosophy fraud—your libe-
rality fraud—your judicial system fraud—that your com-
mercial theories are based in theft—thatyou are a commu-
nity, as O'CoNNELL would say, of "irresponsible vaga-
bonds," and that the sooner you are punished and swept
from the face of the earth the better it will be for the ag-
gregate morality of the world.

These we confess are hard words, which we only bor-
row for the benefit of the citizens of the United States.
France does not say anything which she does not,mean.
She only throws out some intelligible hints. These are
addressed to LiNcg 'and slavery, and v a sincerely trust
that Judgp LYNCH will take them into his serious con:
sideration. Perhaps the sooner the better.

Why ? Let their own acts and outrages upon foreigners
bear witness. Foreigners are now treated in the United
States in a manner -hick is not be borne, and will not be
suffered, while there is a drop of unadulterated blood in
the veins of an Englishman. In the papers which arrived
yesterday we select the following extract from a Boston
newspaper, which we here give as we find it:—.

From the Boston Gazette.

The following notice appeared in the Daily Advertiser of yes.
terday

The Boston Female Anti-slavery Society have been informed
that the proprietor and lessee of Congress Hall, forbids; that the
annual meeting of the said society should be holden at that place,
under the apprehension that the building is endangered by the
determination of men of property and standing, to put a stop to
the meeting, let the consequences be what they may.
They therefore notify the members and the public generally,
that the meeting will not take place on the anniversary of the
formation of the society, as was at first proposed, add has
hitherto been their practice, but will be postponed until further
notice. By order of the Board,

MARY S. PARKER, President.

Is it not altogether too bad that our peaceable city should be
kept in a state of excitement and commotion by such a foreign
vagabond as George Thompson ? Yesterday upon a mere
rumour that he was to lecture before the Female Anti-slavery
Society, that part of Washington-street in the neighbourhood
of Amory Hall was filled with a crowd of people waiting for his
arrival. What their intentions -were we have no means of
knowing, but thought we could read judge Lynch quite strongly
depicted in most of their countenances. Verily, " the curse
never fell upon our nation until now—wo never felt it until
now.", After having been forbid'the use of ,rulien Hall, it was
publicly announced in one of the morning papers, that the
lecture.would.be postponed to another opportunity;-and-yet the
impudent scoundrel privately engaged Ritchie Hall for the same
aftpraoon, :and at four o'clock, about forty women were col-
lected in that room, over Mr. Gulliver's store, to listen to an ad-
dress from him. • But to the credit of our citizens he was not
permitted to hold forth, and his weak and deluded followers re-
tired to their respective hoines.—Mr. Thompson was ,no where.
to found.

It was reported last evening that, on complaint of the 111ayor.
Thompson had been bound over to keep the peace. This; perhaps,
is the best disposition that can be made of the scoundrel by the
city authorities ; but the " citizens generally" would like to
use him up in some other.way. ' ;

.What this "respectable citizen" means by the term
use him up must be tolerably,' clear- toall our readers—it
means murder. We have no opportunity of.knowing
whethet:jhis Englishman, called TUOMPSON., be a "rarouLl7:
drel" or a "vagabond," but we have traversed the pages
(if the American paperi in vain to find that he has violated
the laws of the republic, or the laws of any civilized com-
munity. He has been " bound over to keep the peace 1"
Where has lie invaded even the slumbers of the peaceful?
He may be an enthusiast—he may be rabid philanthro-
pist—he may he a madman-but where has he offended
against law? The "respectable citizens" talk of a
"foreign vagabond" of a " scoundrel," and an " impudent
scoundrel," but we coolly ask them in return, as a set off
against their vulgar insolence, and their hideous injus-
tice, what they would have been but for foreign vaga-
bonds and scoundrels ? When the colonies of England,
now called, by suffrage, the United States, but in reality
.the dig-united States, commenced a fraudulent war
against the sovereignty of
.England did we call LA FA-
YETTE a " foreign vagabond and a, scoundrel ?" 'They
were then glad to receive the feeble aid of a " foreign
vagabond;' they were glad for the purposes of fraud to
embrace a foreign "scoundrel;" but now that they have
availed themselves of such ignominous aid they drink
deep of the waters of forgetfulness, and throw their fetid
slime and vulgar abuse upon all foreigners who have the
courage to assert principles at variance with their con•
tracted and sayage.notions of interest and slavery. How
often have we seen American merchants, aliens in every
sense of the word, taking part with the advocates of anti-
Slavery, in the West Indies'. Did we call them vagabonds
and .sconndrels? Did the chief magistrate of London
ever consider them as disturbers of the 'public peace?
This man, THOMPSON, had not infringed any of the laws
of America. He was simply an enthusiast, invited to de-
clare his opinions. The magistrate violated the law and
disturbed the peace who held him to bail. He, who-
ever he is, has proved himself to be a partial and unjust
judge—time real 51.120 N PURE of "vagabonds and scoun-
drels." The citizens have some excuse in madness; and
in the absolutism of selfishness and brutal ferocity, but
they hare none in reason or justice. If foreign " va-
.gitborlds" were 'permitted to join the ranks of " scoun-
drels," against the sovereignty of England, surely
English "vagabonds" might be tolerated in advocating
the doctrines of an expanded freedom, and allowed to
declare, according to notions, derived as they pro-
fess them to be from the word of GOD, the duties of
Christians to each other, in illustration of that comMand,
equal to a covenant, which bound the Jews to a jubilee of
emancipation.

LONDON L4TEST NEWS.

City, 'Wednesday Evening, Half-past Seven o'clock.

An opinion gains ground 'here, even among those who were
hitherto sceptical, that the matter between America and France
will not end without hesitation, and some, who possess .doubtless
a sort of " second sight," do not hesitate to affirm that the New
York packet-ship has been detained for the purpOse of bringing
a hoitile Message, a sort of "your money or your life" piece of
huSiness.

Since our last there has been no colonial arrival of the slight-
est moment. To-day wehave a tingle Newfoundland paper of
-the 2llth ult., but it communicates nothing of importance. It
speaks, however, little in favour of the efficiency of the police
of that colony that the enthors of the barbarous outrage com-
mitted on Mr. Winton,,the editor of the Neutfouadland Ledger,
bytutting off his ears and otherwise mutilating him, whiclitvas
.ilohe in broad daylight, near Harbor Grace, still remained' un-
'ffificovered, notwithstanding unless a sum than £l3OO had been
offtred by the government and by the 'merchants of various
parts- of the island.
The French-papers received by the mail to-darstate,that the
,receipts of the customs atrMarseilles during the last month was
not equal to that. of the correspondingrperiod of 14.4 t year, which
- was ascribed to the deficiency or ari-tvals from the Nevilotind•
land coast: • Last month the receipts weie `2,888,191f.
while those of October. 1b3:1, were 2,970,0891, 30c.
Ont:Consol :Market is very-steady at 91,g,, and the,Acconnt-.
ant-General -has hot made any purchases this week. Money
hai been easy, and the floating securities have advanved. Ex-
chequer Bills haying borne a premium. of 16 to 18, and' India
Bobds'of 7; but they are slightly worse this afternoon, (he for-
me fr leaving off at 15 to 17, and the latter, at 5 to 6.
.14s it. pleases our Stock. Exchange people hereto consider the
prospects of the Queen of Spain much improved, the securities
haiie, as a matter of course, advanced, which -it will be seen is
more than can be said of Colonel Evans and his mercenaries.
The bonds (active) left off this afternoon at 49, an advance of
6to 7 per cent. within a few days. MI our transatlantic bonds
have in consequence improved Colombian being. at 34i ;
Buenos Ayrea at 37; and Mexican at 381 39. Portuguese
Bonds are aISW higher, the 5 irer cents. being at 90:4; and the 3
per cents: it 58t. In the northern bonde there is little, specula-
inatket; Belgian are at !()01 a ; Dutch 5 per
s E 190.1 1; the 21 per cents. at 55; ' ; end Russian at
riq i,' the haS miith abwed:
