THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

ESTABLISHMENT FOR THE CURE OF DEAFNESS
AND ALL DISORDERS OF THE EAR,
No. 120, DUKE-STP,F.ET, LIVERPOOL. •
MRS. GARDNER, AURIST, from London and Edinburgh,
: and of Grafton-street, Dublin, has the honour of an-
nouncing her return to Liverpool, and may be consulted until
the 20th of September.
N.B.—Separate Apartments for consultations, and neither
the Name nor Address of any Patient is required.
*a,* Persons residing at a distance may state their Com-
plaints by letter, post-paid, and on a remittance being included.
Advice and Medicines are sent by return of post to all parts of
the Kingdom.
Case of Deafness cured of Forty Years standing:—
" Having had occasion to confide several cases of deafness
to. the care of Mrs. Gardner during the last eight months in
Dublin, I am happy to giv,e my entire approbation of her treat-
ment, and can vouch for the innocence of the means she em-
ploys, as well as the speed with which the uspst inveterate
complaints are eradicated. Her success has eisured her the
confidence of the public, and her professional abilities in cases
that appeared hopeless and incurable have confirmed ber repu-
tatiwas a first-rate Aurist, and obtained her the patronage of
igIN justice, therefore, to her talents, and in order that all
who labour under similar complaints may obtain relief, I have
heett,permitted to publish the case of J. Goslett, Esq., No. 1,
Old Merrion, who has been completely restored to his hearing
by this Lady after being deaf forty years, and had been pro-
nounced incurable by several experienced Aurists.
Dublin, 10th August, MX

"J. W. GREAVES, M.D,

INCORRODIBLE ARTIFICIAL TEETH,
Placed without Wires or other Ligatut es,
AND MINERAL SUCCEDANEUM FOR FILLING

DECAYED TEETH
WITHOIIT PAIN, HEAT, Olt PRESSURE.
ONS. M3iLLAN SURGEON DENTIST, (of the Firm of
ITAL Monsieur- MALL'A N and Soto, 32, Great Russell-street,
Bloomsbury-square, and 10, Lud,gate-hill, L ndon,) begs
to inform his Patrons the Nobility. Gentry, and Inhabitants of
Liverpool, Manchester, and vicinities, that o account of the
many applications he has received for his pro' sional assistance
he bus been induced to revisit the above Tow s, and maybe con-
sulted on MONDAYS, TUESDAYS, and WEDNESDAYS, at 86,
King-street, Manchester; and on Tilunsoays, FRIDAYS, and
SATURDAYS, at Messrs. Manson and Co.'s, 56, 80ld-street, Li-
ve-11;6A
'Mons. M. continues to restore Decayed Teeth, however lal
the cavity, with his • celebrated. M EP.A L SUCCEDANFX M so
universally recommended by the Faculty of London and Paris.
The operation of stoppin!, Teeth is performed in a few
seconds,- The. Mineral is put into the cavity in an almost liquid
state, without heat or pressure; it hardens into enamel, allays
the most excruciating pain, and lasts for many years, preventing
the necessity of extraction. _ _ _

LoosE TE.ET II FASTENED, whether arising from age, neglect,
disease of the gums, or the use of calomel.
INCORRODIBLE ARTIFICIAL TRUTH, from a single one to a
complete set, matching exactly in form and colour the adjoining
ones. These Teeth will not corrode or become di,.7.olotired; they
are fixed, without wires or other ligatures, on a principle which
imparts to the countenance a youthful and improved appear-
ance, and, whilst they afford support to the adjoining Teeth,
however loose, answer ever purpose of mastication and articu-
lation.

To Clergymen and public Orators labouring under defective
pronunciation, Mons. M.'s method of replacing Teeth will be
found "peculiarly valuable, as it obviates all defects of articula-
tion, particularly the inability to give the proper sound to the
Dento-lingual double Consonant TH.
The use of Artificial Teeth in some instances has been found
objectionable by invalids taking medicines that have a tendency
to discolour them, or in the performance of operations which
compel their removal, perhaps, in the presence of an attendant
or domestic. Mons. M., however, has been successful in re-
moving these objections by constructing Teeth for those pur-
poses of substances, and in such a manner as to render them
capable of withstanding effects of the most inimical nature.
Natural Teeth placed on the above improved principle.
Mons. M. particularly invites the members of this Faculty to
witness the operation of filling Decayed Teeth with their Mine-
ral Succedaneum, of which they are the sole Inventors and
Possessors.

Charges as in Paris.—l-Tours of attendance from Ten till Five.

TETROPOLITAN CONSERVATIVE NEWSPAPER
_ill_ COMPANY, for the Weekly Publication of a Political
Paper, to be called. "THE METROPOLITAN CONSER-
VATIVE JOURNAL."

Capital, £lo,ooo.—ln Shares of £2 each.
HONORARY DERFCTORS.

The Most Noble the Marquis Sir W. F. Cunningham, Bart.,
of Londonderrv. Edinburgh.
Sir Roger Creisley, Bart., T. Hawkes, Esq:', M.P.
M.P. John Allen ShAter, Esq.
Sir William Cockburn, Bart. J, D. Garthiaite, Esq.. PP,-
Sir Henry Johnson, Bart. more Hoitee.
COMMITTEE OF NIANAGENIE:S4.
The Rev. C. Mackenzie, A.M. J. Crisp, Esq.
Major Ab(ly, E. Dalton, Esq.
W. Hustler, Esq. F. H. Worthington, Esq.
C. Biggs, Esq.
Trustees—C. Biggs, Esq. James Worthington, Esq.; and J.
Crisp, Esq.
Bankers—Messrs. Barclay and Co. Lombard-street.
Slee,
Honorary Secretary—M. S. 111ilton,
L Esq.
OFFICF., 13, 'WELINGTON-STREET, STRAND, LONDON.

The First Number will appear immediately after the New
Stamp Duties' Act shall come into operation. The Paper will
be Published every Saturday Morning, and the Price will be
regulated by the general reduction of charge. To Advertisers,
the enormous circulation of this Journal must offer unprece-
dented advantages; and all Advertisements for the first number
arc requested to be forwarded to the Office previous to the Ist
cif October, through C. MITCHELL,. 8, Red Lion•court, Fleet-
street, or other accredited London Agents.
Agents for Liverpool :—WILLMER, Bookseller, and Psrris-
v)N, Standard-office, where Prospectuses may be obtained.

ROCHE CONSOLIDATED TIN• & COPPER MINING

COMPANY. • . •
CAPITAL .C2j,0003 IN 40(X) SHARES AT .£3 PER SHARE.
Deposit £1 10s.
MANAGING DIE.CTOE—John Thomas, Esq.
Directors to be appointed from among the Shareholders at an
e4rly meeting, whic4 kill be. convened for that purpose.
BANKERS.
'Messrs. Bodge and Norman, Devonport.
Sir J. W. Lubbock and Co., London.
MANAGING AGENT—Mr. Samuel Robins.

ripllE setts which are the property of this Company include
Wheal Fountain, Killivrath, Pentivale, Hensburrow,
Tregeare, and the Galas. are situated in the parish 'of Roche,
about four miles train St. Austell, in the county of Cornwall.
on the west of the Beam and Roche Rock Mines; the former of
which has already made a return of ore to the amount of
V250,(/00, and the latter to a very considerable amount. At
Wheal Fountain, the workings have been resumed on the course
.of .an extremely rich lode, which was worked a few years since ;
-the produce, on being assayed, was found to return fourteen
.parts of white tin for twenty of ore; and it is confidently ex_pect-
ed K that this lode will continue equally productive. On ali-
. yratb„ five promising lodes have been. discovered at. a few feet
only below the surface. •
The peculiar advantages of the mines of this Crimpany are-
1. An adit (to the extent of upwards of 341.lathoins) which
intersects the Roche Rock lodes at twenty-seten fathoms below
the surface, and several other lodes from seventeen to twenty-
',even fathoms, in whole or maiden 'ground.
The river Fat (rising on the Wheal Fountain sett, and
passing throtwii a large portion of the other setts,) with its tri-
butatv streams. furnish a good supply of water for the various
vurp.oses of mining.
3. The railroad from the wharf at Par, near Fowey, being in-
tended, hi the course of a short time, to pass either through or
immediately adjoining the setts, will afford a most inexpensive
and easy tiansit of produce and materials.
4. The works can be prosecuted at an inexpensive rate, the
ground being easy, and very little timber being required either
shaft or adit work.

5. The dues are very moderate.
6. The extent of the work already performed, coupled with
the peculiar facilities of prosecuting the sszne, fully justify the
prospect of a Speedy return.
Applicationsfor 'Shares to be made either to the Managing
Director, 16, South-hill, Stoke; to the Secretary, Mr. RICHARD
B. OR AM, 21, St. Aubyn-street; to Mr. RICHARD WARN,
•A:atherine-street, Devonport; to Captain SAMUEL Rositis, at
Roche ; to Mr. Wm. D. DODGE, Linen-draper, St. Austell; or
to Mr. THOMAS HARRIS, Sharebroker, 7, Exchange-street
East, Liverpool, of whom Prospectuses and Plans may be ob-
tained.
Devonport, August, 1836.

VARTEG IRON COMPANY.
CAPITAL £300,000. tat 6,000 or £5O Edicts.
DitiacToßs.
George Kennick, Esq. I Mark Philips. Vq., M.P.
John Laurence, Esq. 1 William 111 kith one, Esq.
J. R. Manderaon, Esq.' 1 Russell ScOtt Esq.
William Needham, Esq. IH. Milnes - ornton, Esq.
ALDITORS.
John Labouchere, Esq. I Philip Cazenove, Esq.
BANKERS.—Messrs. Williams, Deacon, Labouchere, and Co.
SoLiorroes.—Messrs. J. and S. Peace, Phillips, and Bolger.
A N opportunity having presented itself of negociating with
AL the Proprietors of the Varteg, Iron Works, near Ponti.
pant In Monmouthshire, for the purchase- of those Works -on
terms which are calculated to yield a highly remunerative re-
turn, and a careful and deliberate survey and examination
having been made by persons of the highest competency, an
agreement has been entered into for the purchase, contingent
upon a Joint Stock Company being forum% for the purpose of
carrying on the concern. '
The terms of the purchase are grounded not open the existing
high prices of Iron, but upon those which may be expected on
an average of years.
The Works are at the present time in active and profitable
°pet :lion. producing at the rate of about 18,000 tons of Iron
yearly, a large proportion of which is. manafactured upon the
premises into wrought !ron Rails end Bars. There are five
Furnaces in blast, and there is engine power capable of work-
ing an additional number. The Works at present give employ-
ment to about 1,500 persons. The distance from Newport (the
Shipping Port) is under 14 miles by easy railway and water
carriage, and it will appear by the register of the 'Monmouth-
., shire and Glamorganshire Canals, that there are but four Works
-in . South Wales which equal the Varteg in the amount of
produce.
A part of the Estate is Freehold, and the remainder held on
Lease at moderate Rents.
For the purpose of raising a Capital for the payment of the
purchase money and carrying on the Works, it is proposed to
create 6,000 Shares of £5O cads, upon which £lO per Share
will be paid as a Deposit; and, as the agreement binds the
Vendors to accept the consideration money by easy instalments,
. :the subsequent Calls upon the Shares will be limited to £5 each
;,,(.',all, and an interval of at least three months will elapse be-
' lweeo each. It is not expected that more than £35 per Share
: will be ultimately called for.
The Company will take the profits of the concern from the
-7., .2,,,thh ultimo, and, as the Dividends will be made half yearly, the
m
''. - a Dividend will be payable in the month of January next.
...: . Pte.)), •
ti . . emus Proprietors of the Estate will hold a 'large in-
„:, ~ Test in, the
j, 'slio, its Company, and will continue to take an active
. 'The vomt,,lnagement.
~. , mhith will he forthwith
be regulated by a Deed of Settlement,
4dvi,e, and
.for prepared b the Directors under legal
.4,tic.for,thate Shareholders will be required to execute
Shatas. .1.1-,-,Dool'irliPose under penalty of forfeiture of their
4 L usually. 4„).1,0 iu .ILeTain such clauses and covenants as
, fix/ ifie. tittrebex iaheuqi:af. Settlement of this nature, and
a
Op, the perioiU'ot holdinf e,ions of the Directors and
004 ap4 such 'other Points-aseneral Meetings, the right of
~ ~,,ripslpectus, all of which ateCtd te inticamatlvsetted to in this
• ~, ipa :061%'-, ~ • . , ~,..e discretion of the
141 v
jeations.fpr.S4ares rue), be
.turz,;:.ti0t1r.4.1°....",.
ocitAtio:DAvt,
''-e.' ..i:00;• Ir. THomAs CociLit4, or Mr,
pool • or (post-paid) to the Secretly of,the eck4l3:ll Li"t'
t'T. No: 20,
St. gwithin's-lane, Lornbard-street. . .
London, 25th July, 1836, WM. PULFORto; Secretary.

FRIDAY MORNING, AUGUST 26, 1836.

We are greatly indebted to the honourable zeal and
truly independent feeling of the leading London conser-
vative press, for the handsome manner in which it has
come forward and exposed the contemptible meanness,
which led to the dishonourable publication of priv

ccrrespondence, between some gentlemen, who, from
purely patriotic motives, support the interest of this
journal, and its late editor. Whilst we thank our
friends, for having taken out of our hands the rather'
ungracious task of being at once principals and judges
in our own cause, we leave to our splenetic local com-
petitor the full benefit of that opinion, which the
gent and respectable of our fellow-townsmen, and the
country at large, will not fail to form npon its conduct,
Despising its attempted rivalry, we inform our neigh-
bour champion of whiggery and radical dishonour, that
disgraceful as we deem the breach of decorum, and the
usages of respectable society in this instance, the LIVER-
POOL STANDARD will not be driven from its stern pro-
priety, by listening to the music of gnats, which carry no
sting, but w!tat may be parried by a very small dis-
play of the weapon of common sense. And although
we are, as it were, isolated, and at a distant corner of the
kingdom, we may even walk over the Globe in spite of
the temptations of Cupid ; and answer, with sound shot,
the blank cartridge reports of old Molly Chronicle's brass
gun, which was cracked in the foundry of the Strand,
when PERRY GAVE VP THE GHOST I

Were we to study our immediate personal feelings,
standing as we do on the high vantage groun:l of princi-
ples sustained by truth, we should assuredly deem it en-
tirely beneath our notice to remark upon the presumptu-
deceit—the glaring hypocrisy and false argument, which
at this time are heralded forth by the mean sycophantic
dependants and hireling writers of a corrupt and imbecile
government, in reference to the proceedings of an illus•
trious assembly of upright. noble legislators, during the
last seven months of inflexible devotion to the interests
of this country, domestic and foreign,—but, having a
stern public duty to perform in the free and needful ex-
position of deceit, chicanery, and falsehood, we shrink
not from the task, however loathsomely disgusting, on
the score of those personal motives, and that feeling of
utter contempt, which, under other circumstances, it
would be due to our own pride and our sense of self-re-
spect, stedfastly to entertain.
That leviathan of the Whig radical press, (and v..e dis-
dain attention to the lower order of subordinate ma-
chines which follow in its wake,) yclept the Morning
Chronicle, of Monday, whose ensign has as many hues
as there are colours in the rainbow, armed with itsbrazen
gun, lauded forth the contemptible display of " cackle-
goose Hume"—the farthing rush-light feelosopher, for
his last performance at the Westminster pit, wherein this
worthy-of all the worthies arrogantly pretended, or af-
fected to represent what he impudently called " the opi-
nion of the House of Commons" on the obstruction given
by the 'Lards to Ole coarse of refoim?egistadon through-
out the late parliamentary session. Alas! poor old Whig
Chrony—how miserably art thou fallen from thy pedestal
since the days when Perryian Spruce* sustained with
something like credit thy wonted elevation in the circle
of political gladiators ! How are the mighty fallen !

" Thine is the moral of all human tales,—
'Tis but the drear rehearsal of the past :
First freedom, and then glory—when that fails,
A vaiice—yice—corruption—barbarisin at last!"
Such then, mighty Chronicle, is the history of thy ca-
reer---thy would-be empire of the mighty press.
" And History, with all her volumes vast,
Hath but one page for thee—the record of thy shame !"

The darling protege of this morning star of liberalism,
now in its mental obscuration,—the braggart trumpeter
of the Irish mendicant agitator, having, in the absence of
his patron saint, taken up the cudgels against the House
of Lords and essayed a tilt against the chosen knight of
Lyndhurst, as the last act in the ever notable drama of
ministerial humbug, and when no rival competitor would
have the opportunity of a thrust in reply to his coarse
antedeluvian logic, certainly needed an esquire, and ve-
rily he has found one, perfectly worthy of such a cham-
pion and such a cause.
This Jeremy Diddler esquire in politics, then, in dire-
ful lamentation, that the official knight of "black rod"
had prematurely rushed into the arena of demagogue-ism,
and broken the lance of his trusty champion with the
thunder of the royal summons has absolutely become
desperate—if not ferccious, and prepared, in Malay
phrase, to "run a muck" with the cr•eese of libel, against
the conservative Lords and their supporters out of doors.

* Mr, Perry was the highly talented editor of the Morning
tC/?rotlicle:i darir g w any years of the most important period of
ourpplitcat history—a consistent whig—a scholar, and 'a gen-
'. I,lezunly D

Now, as it may-not be so well known to valiant Middle-
,sex Joey and his worthy esquire, as it is to us, that
amongst the Malays he who runs "a muck" is generally
shot or cut down in his maddened career, we warn them
that, following the example of our Malay friends, we shall
giye them " no quarter," (nor do we ask for any at their
hands) in their run, short or long as it may be, according
to the efforts made by our well armed constitutional as-
sociates, to shoot or cut them down, in co-operation with
our humble, but honest, zeal for the protection of our
fellow men !

We have, in our last number, recommended one of
these keen-sighted champions of modern whiggery, as a
fit subject for the Middlesex County Lunatic Asylum,
and the able skill of Doctor Alexander Morrison, its
physician, (not the great hygeist, whose gamboge pill,
"No. 2," might, nevertheless, be serviceable as an aux-
iliary) to which useful institution we understand our
friend Joey is a liberal contributor; and as there may be
a ward set apart for hydrophobic patients, objects of great
popular dread in these days, and as the two unfortunates
before us have evident symptoms of the distressing ma-
lady in a political and equally dangerous form, we give
it as our unqualified opinion, that they, in particular,
should not be allowed to go at large, at any rate, unmuz-
zled, amongst his most gracious Majests's rational lieges!

Vain would it be for us to attempt a systematic answer
to the illogical balderdash which is put forth in support
and illustration of the finale of the wondrous parlia-
mentary—the patriotic deeds of the pounds, shillings and
pence advocate of Whig ministerial incapacity and his
associates, in the late lengthened and (for the people)
triumphantly successful struggle against the demon of
unbridled democracy,—worthy to be put in juxta posi-
tion with the mighty saving of twelve pounds ten shil-
lings per annum on the salary of a aubordinate officer
in our own Town-council as shown up in our last!
" Chopping logic with a soldier," (although many
soldiers would bang our logicians hollow) has long been
considered infra dig,—we therefore, boldly contradict
in limine and deny the viracity of the premises, urged
against the Peers, sustained, as they are by mere vague
allegations, unsupported by a tittle of sound evidence,
and point to our own already-published retrospect of
the doings and undoings of the Worshipful and the
mighty amongst the Whig• radico-papistiko-con federates
for the session of 1836,—arduous, protracted, and, gene-
rally speaking, nationally unprofitable, as that session
has been, in verification of our assertion, supported as
we are by the brilliant exposition of Monday, furnished
by our Conservative London contemporaries of the
Times, Standard, Herald, and Morning Post,—the be-
nefit of whose corroborating opinions we were not in
possession of, and could hardly have anticipated, when
we essayed our own humble defence of the second estate
of the realm, and of the Church and the Monarchy, in
immediate connexion with its acts. The Morning Chro-
nicle, then.,—in its championship of a false philosophy
and a fallacious system of republican reformation, sup-
ported by its long tail of admiring waning satellites—
et hoc genus omne, may take this for part of our answer.
One notable passage of the worthy Chronicle's prosy
effort is sufficient for our concluding purpose,—it forms
the wind-up of that mental hallucination which is so pal-
pably displayed with regard to our governing system,—
a series of balancing power, operating as checks and
counterchecks, arresting the undue rise of aristocracy on
the one band, and the impassioned influence of democracy
on the other,—whilst, under the firm and judicious wield-
ing of the Peers, the designed oligarchy of the Whigs
has been crumbled into dust. In charity we come to this '
conclusion.; for if we are to give the Morning Chronicle
full credit for judgment and sincerity in asserting its
positions—then, indeed, it at once openly advocates
principles utterly at variance with reform—yea, even the
juste millieu reform of the Whigs themselves—it pro-
claims a monarchy with absolute republican institutions,
and by rendering the House of Peers strictly democratic,
and dependent on the popular control, labours purely to
make the former elective. This would assuredly be a
splendid termination of the march of liberalism, proposed
for our approbation,—and, upon its own elucidation, this
jacobinical asserter of " fair play " might (and probably
would) have the honour of being grand vampire of poli-
tical disquisition to the Annual President or Dictatiar !
For the justice of our inferences let our readers ponder
the following specious display of rhetoric,—it sums up
the sublime vapouring of our London jesuitical competitor
—the leading organ of all "The Talents."

" This, then, is to be the watch-word of the country—
Reform the House of Lords !' without which all the re.
form is illusory. When the people of these kingdoms
are determined on the reform of the Lords, that body
must yield. The voice of an united people is irresisti-
ble" ! Deeply profound ! There is an old French pro-
verb, that " Fools make feasts and wise men eat
them"—so take care of your Reform Feast, good Lady
Chronicle, for we may help to devour it. " Reform of
the House of Lords"—is that really the watch-word, my
jewel ? Why, then there are two watch-words, for our
dear cousin O'Rafferty of Derrynane, says that, " down
wid Toryism" is the word for " the boys' shillaloo!"
What glorious rivalry is here! But to be serious
friend Chrony—you say when the people " are"—aye,
that's the rub—when the people are determined, that the
Lords " must yield !" Must they indeed ? Verily
your sapient goosequill must bespatter better logic, and
more substantial reasons, than your last Monday's
tirade exhibits before you get the "are" of the time pre-
sent, to assist your sanguine hopes of an assault on the
fine entrenchments of the hereditary legislators—credat
qui vult ! But the " united people," and we pray to be
informed where this body is to be found—certainly not
in the disorderly gang of incongruous elements, you
falsely honour with the name of "people." Why, at all
events, there is a powerful minority against you, even
in your own radically popular House of Commons, and a
far stronger party of wealth and intellect without, also
arrayed against your hypothesis. What then, in the
name of common honesty and of common sense too,
becomes of your united people? Away with such super..
ficial bombast—such pedantry—the gulibility of John
Bull is indeed proverbial, but a Gull be must be to
swallow such contemptible jargon as you offer for the
satisfaction of his too credulous appetite—whilst the
cackle of the Goose not being required for " the preser-
vation of the capitol," its hissing against the, well
spurned heel of Lyndhurst, will form an excellent sub-
ject for the Satire of " H. B." in his next " Penoll4lg
by the Way," for the well earned amusement of the in-
dependent, Peers. Shillaloo for Chrony and Goosey !
Down with the Lords and up with the tail !

The Irish cabinet of catholics—the anti-national con-
clave—are pursuing with inveterate activity their plans
for the final overthrow of the established church, the
peerage, and the monarchy, under the guise of securing
increased parliamentary interest, and by means of
,the
registration to return an increased number of radical
destructives and popish demagogues to that house, where
they hope to obtain at least the semblance of law for
their proceedings. The " rint," we are told, weekly
improves, and, as we have already intimated, money is
an important article in all negotiations, nefarious or
honest, they think they have at last found the lever
which they can successfully use to raise the foundation
stones of our protestant institutions. This confidence,
however, betrays them into precipitancy ; they have
already shown the cloven foot, and began the work of
demolition, in threat at least, before reaching the yet
established sanctuary, and thus will, we should hope,
effectually rouse its lukewarm defenders ere its fate be
sealed and its destruction inevitable. Do we appeal to
protestant hearts in vain ? Are any of them still insen-
sible to the common danger which surrounds them ? or
do they imagine that our warnings are founded upon
rhetorical fiction, an impassioned feeling of the brain, the
result of strong prejudices and warm predilections in
favour of our national church ? Let them mark the con-
sequences if they now perform the part of apathy.
Let them remember the solemn injunction of that
merciful Redeemer of the-world, who emphatically said,
" He that is not with me, is against me ; and he that
gathereth not with me, scattereth."
Still, after aIJ, we are not so angry with the, crafty

proceedings of this " justice.rint" squad as- we are with
those who, professing utter disgust with the barbarian
work of agitation, yet quietly look on and suffer it to
progress, with nothing pi esented as an obstructive but
the soft expression of 'a sigh; whilst the most heart-stir-
ring appeals that talent can invent and energy proclaim
are made to them continually ; whilst men of worth and
capital are hourly driven from the land, and the fair voice
of nature herself is disturbed, artfully disturbed, that the
pockets of the "blatant agitator," as the Times so ap-
propriately designates the great arch jesuit, may be filled
in proportion with the extent of misery created. It is
the duty of every man who ranks himself a christian to
come forward boldly, and by his strenuous, his.unflinch-
ing exertion, in person and in influence, to arrest this
moral tyranny, which spreads like a corroding cancer on
the feelings of an unlettered and prejudiced population,
to the utter destruction of all social ties, all bonds of
friendship, all veneration fur religion, and all respect for
constituted law. Do we overcharge the picture of ills ?
Let us hear what Mr. Freslifield, M.P., an upright and
independent English commoner, says on the point in
question—a gentleman who would cheerfully have con-
tributed his own capital to improve Irish property :—" It
is my solemn conviction that agitation is the moral
pestilence of Ireland, and. is working destruction in the
political and social happiness of the country. It is a war
against property, life, and religion. It is a cowardly
system inviting the many to persecute the few; it in•
flicts upon the people of Ireland the misery of a conta-
gion, which, while it is preying upon them, keeps at a
distance those who would afford them help, and the very
poverty which it produces increases their readiness to
become the dupes and instruments of demagogues."
This is our argument, and, acting upon its superior

intelligence and its acute reasoning, we promise the
papistal agitators a very small share of forbearance at
our hands.

If there be one question more than another of pressing
—of paramount importance, it is the question of final
adjudication and settlement of the compensation claims,
under the Apprenticeship Emancipation Act, and the
concurrent co-operation therein of the local legislature
of our West Indian Colonies, together with the estab-
lishment of those necessary adjuncts for the instruction,
police, and future regulation of the "apprentice popu-
lation," arising out of this measure of complex and
conflicting legislation.

And here, indeed, we have another splendid specimen,
if the multiplication of specimens were necessary to
open our eyes, to the refinement of Whig policy.—So
anomalously contradictory, and, in many instances, im-
practicable, were the provisions of this famous boon,
which has so suddenly deranged the tenure of property
in the whole of our West Indian possessions, and upset
the accustomed usages of local jurisprudence, that one
perpetual scene of contention, distrust, and embittered
feeling, has been the almost universal result, between
the governors and the governed, from the first promul-
gation of the new law in the Islands.

We make no reference here to the abolition of cor-
poral punishment, with regard to the black population,
under the old system, because the system itself was inde-
fensible, by any plea of justice, both as regarded the
perpetuity of slavery itself, and the inhumanity under
which obedience was enforced, frequently by an irre-
sponsible power, or one not sufficiently independent and
impartial. All that We contend for is, that the measure
of relief has been bunglingly inefficacious, both as
" regards the improvement of the morale of the negro
population, and highly unsatisfactory to the planters,—
whilst it entailed a burthen of twenty millions sterling
on the mother country." We are fully borne out in the
justice of these remarks by that important document,
"The Memorial of the House of Assembly in Jamaica,"
recently presented to his Majesty, and our earlier atten-
tion to which, has been prevented by the pressure of
questions of domestic policy, daily crowding on our at-
tention.

This memorial distinctly charges his Majesty's present
government (for with them the responsibility lies) with
positive and direct unconstitutional interference with
the rights of the Colonists, in the proceedings of their
domestic legislature. It has become our duty to investi-
gate how far this grave charge was sustained, and in
doing so, we have felt it necessary, not only to read
through the Memorial of the House of Assembly with
close attention, but also to refer to the Act of the British
Legislature, on those points embracing specifically the
matters of complaint, and of allegation contained in the
said memorial; and we are constrained to come to the
conclusion, that the memorialists have made out a prima
facie case of great partiality and oppressive interference
against his Majesty's government, even with regard to
those local acts passed by the Assembly itself in aid of
the measures of the Imperial Parliament.
The Memorialists distinctly establish a prescriptive
right of exercising the power of propounding and framing
all laws for the internal regulation of the Island, and
that the principle has been maintained from the earliest
periods of the history of the Colony, supported by repeat-
ed recognised Acts of the Legislature, and guaranteed
by his Majesty's illustrious predecessors and their repre-
sentatives. Upon the whole, it is impossible not to per-
ceive that partial one-sided legislation has been the aim
of the government at home, evidently for the purpose of
courting popularity, at the expence of the feelings and
the independence of the colonist slave proprietors ; with-
out a due regard to their feelings, pecuniary interests
and property, and with, on the part of the governor, a
vexatious course of contumely, highly derogatory from
that truly lofty bearing, which should characterize a
Nobleman of the Marquis of Sligo's rank and pretensions,
and entirely unworthy the representative of the kindly
paternal feelings of the Sovereign, towards a wealthy
loyal, and highly influential portion of British subjects.
His Majesty is made to express in his speech to his
" faithful Commons," his gratification "at the provi-
sion made for the full amount of compensation to the
owners of slaves in his colonies ;" but, not one word of
this heavy complaint—it was more convenient to pass it
over sub:silentio ! We have already declared our dis-
dain of the proffered boon of parasites, held up to us at
home by the time-serving crew, who have no principle
or rule of action but the gratification of temporary
vanity, or the promotion of self interest. We shall
also feel it our duty to sustain' the constitutional -inter-
ests of our fellow-countrymen in the West Indian colo-
nies,- the local usages of which are thoroughly --well
known to us ; and whilst we are resolved to further the
cause of humanity and religion (which are inseparable)
on the one hand, we will accept nothing on the other in
the shape of a sop from that parricidal policy, which regu-
lates the actions of those in power, nor allow our vene-
rated King to be degraded in his person, office, and
dignity, by those who have assumed the right of repre-
senting them, with impunity. We leave to others to
benefit by the destruction of all those principles which
have upheld our father-land in honour and in prosperity ;
and we rejoice to find that they are so strongly im-
planted in the colonies—retained in the minds and
hearts of Englishmen, verifying the fine sentiment of the
Roman—

" Creium non animum mutant, qui transmare current."

The fond attachment to the nasiie country—the
endearing reminiscences of kindred association with her
laws—her usages, and, above all, her constitutional in-
dependence, so warmly expressed in this elegantly and
temperately written document, are soul-stirring, and do
honour to its framers. It is not our object to exaggerate
the losses which the moderating code has inevitably oc-
casioned, and submitted for the adoption of the colonial
legislature, nor to defend slavery. To have rendered the
slaves at once free, would have been a robbery—to have
continued them in indefinite bondage, a disgrace. A
mean between the two extremes became the duty of
parliament, and the faithful, unprejudiced, impartial ex-
ecution of that assigned duty by the executive, will alone
satisfy humanity—give security to property—ameliorate
the remainder of a servitude which, however to be re-
gretted, is indispensible, where free labour cannot be
successfully employed, and cement in the indissoluble
bonds of equity, justice, and mercy, the feelings and the
interests of the mother country, and the various clas•
ses of inhabitants in her West Incliln colonies.. That

finesse, the object of which is to appease particular
principles, so that adverse opinions may approximate,
till harmony results, is congenial with the pure spirit of
whiggistn, and its crafty diplomacy, and it has shown its
value in the executive, by bringing the House of As
Sem* in Jamaica into collision with the edicts of the
Imperial Parliament.
In the midst of all this we are told by the apologists
for all the miscarriages and blunders of vhig rule, that
there is no occasion fur all this serious alarm relative to
the affairs of Jamaica, that his Majesty's government are
resolved (qu. under the sleepy activity of the colonial
grand Secretary ?) " to carry out the great principle of
slave emancipation under the apprentice law," and that
" dangers are usually exaggerated, when danger first
appears." Really this information is truly important
aod instructive, especially so to the inhabitants of the
crowded metropolis and the people of Great Britain,
where the cries of Fire! fire !—of Murder !—Thief ! et
cetera, seldom produce more than temporary alarm, but
totally inapplicable to a West Indian state of society.
We, however, will neither let the temporising views of
the BuXtons—the parsimony of the Humes—the false
philosophy of the Bowrings—the aireal boundings of the
Roebucks—nor the vapid liberatisin of the Ewarts,
Wakley's, or Tommy Duncombe's mistily our honest
English readers, with regard to the true position of our
colonial interests.

The ministry of the Estatuto Real—the juste millieu
of M. Isturiz, is no more! Calatrava, who was de-
nounced by the administration of Torreno, in 1835, and
who was compelled to fly, when his friend, Aicano Ga-
liano, was imprisoned, and even Istutiz sought safety in
flight, is called to the councils of the hapless Queen Re-
gent. This, then, is the happy destiny:for Spain, notice
of which our Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs so
benificently presented to Mr. Maclean, a few short weeks
back, when that gentleman sought the information which,
as an independent member of the British Parliament, he
was entitled to receive in his place in the House of Cum-

mons !
Well, Calatrava, then, rules over the distracted affairs
of this yet more distracted country for the moment. The
Queen has surrendered even the outward showof mo-
narchical rule. The wild elements, miscalled a " con-
stitution," howl over Madrid, and hover over the empire.
It is impossible as yet to conjecture what impressive
effect this march of anarchy will produce to the interests
of Don Carlos—or rather of Charles the Fifth, unques-
tionably, waiving all religious prejudices, the legitimate
sovereign and rightful heir to the throne of Spain, by the
prescriptive ancient law of its monarchy. As to Cala-
trava himself, he can no more ride on the whirlwind, nor
control the storm of those furious elements of political
discord with which he is surrounded, than any one of his
truly unhappy predecessors. He who knew human na-
ture and all its imperfections, human and mental, said
"the divided house will not stand." Here, in reality, is
a divided house, and why so ?—because it is destitute of
a governing head ; nor is there at present any prospect
that a purely popular or even passive moral revolution
can restore the balance,—a perfect military despotism
appears the inevitable result.
The great question to be considered now, is what the
powers of Europe will do under this new and dreary as-
pect of things—will France interfere decidedly, or wil
she recognise an ultra liberal constitution—the detesta-
tion of the King of the barricades ? There is great
reason for coming to the conclusion that France will not
interfere by direct intervention, from all the information
we can obtain; and that even the intrigues of M. Men-
dizabal, assisted by a powerful party of the speculative
and monied interests in France, have brought about this
popular revolution, under colour of establishing the con-
stitution of 1812, and thereby restoring the crafty finan-
cier to his lost influence and power. One thing is cer-
tain—the honour of this country requires to be sustained
by a very different policy to that hitherto pursued by the
talents, who may bless their stars that the fortuitous pro-
rogation of parliament has put a temporary shield over
their actions, and prevented their being called to account
for their tortuous policy. The press—at least, the con-
servative press—will do its duty, by.keeping a vigilant
look out after Messieurs les Burreaux et leur valets.
Let Messrs. Isturiz, Calatrava, and Mendizabal, and even
Louis Phillippe le Grande, adjust their differences
amongst themselves; but lit not the honour of the Bri-
tish arms be tarnished, nor the credit of the British name
degraded, by an obstinate perseverance in that pusillani-
mous course, which has mainly contributed to entail on
Spain her present political misery ; and which a firm and
becoming attitude on the part of Britain might, and
would, in all rational probability, have averted. We
anxiously await the result of further intelligence, re-
lating to the events in the provinces.
The news from France in the Paris papers of last Mon-
day is devoid of any ma rked interest, the French.capital
enjoyed a pathetic tranquillity, undisturbed by the state
of affairs in Spain, although M. Thiers had been com-
pletely beaten on the question of an armed intervention,
and the march of the " ten thousand," postponed by the
mere sound of the artillery of the constitution of 1812.
A telegraphic despatch from Madrid of the 17th, an-
nounced the death of M. De Rayneval on the day pre-
ceding, at half-past six o'clock in the evening, of a pul-
monary affection, accompanied with gout in the head.
It is also stated that the same despatch brought intelli-
gence of the entry of the two Queens into Madrid on the
17th, and that the city was in a state of tranquillity !
From Bayonne information had been received, that
General Lebeau, the newly appointed officer to the cotn-
mand of the French foreign legion, had attacked the
Carlists, and driven them from Engui upon the Bastan,
and the Ulzama, and destroyed their magazines ; but of
the veracity of this intelligence there is great doubt, as
the other news furnishes an account of Lebeau's arrival,
but states nothing on the subject of any action having
been fought. Poor radical Evans has been to Bayonne,
to procure money to pay the grenadiers: but he had to
march back with empty pockets. We really would advise
the hero of the Globe to proceed to his assistance forth-
with with an adequate supply of eau de Cologne, as gun-
powder and bayonets appear to have entirely lost their
martial efficacy.

THE THEATRE-ROYAL.—We are prevented from press of
matter from giving any lengthened notice of the theatre this
week. Hackett, the celebrated American actor, has been en-
gaged, and has performed during the week in several of his best
pieces. We have only room to-adsl,--tha4le.givee a-living and
inimitably natural representation of all the peculiarities and
Jonatbanisms of our neighbours across the Atlantic, of which
Mrs. Trollope and other commentators have given so many
descriptions. The house has been crowded each night by de-
lighted auditories.

PRESENTATION OF PLATE.—On Tuesday, the 16th instant, a
handsome silver tea-pot and salver was presented by Mr. Thos.
Sammond on behalf of a committee of members of the Liver-
pool Friendly Society formed for the purpose of preparing a
suitable testimonial to John Parr, Esq., the senior surgeon of
that association. The plate bore an appropriate inscription,
testifying the high opinion entertained by the members of the
value of Mr. Parr's professional services during the period of
fourteen years which be had officiated in that capacity. The
gift was received in a manner which proved that Mr. Parr felt
the compliment in its full value; and we trust that the testi-
monial will have the intended effect of uniting in the closest
friendship the members of the association and their experienced
professional assistant.
CUBE OF DEAFNESS.—We understand that the celebrated
aurist, Mrs. Gardner, will remain a month in Liverpool. Her
success in treating deafness, on her former visits to this town,
cannot fail of recommending her to the notice of the public.
We understand that Mr. Downing, surgeon aurist, Member
of the Royal College of Surgeons of London, is at present con-
sulted on diseases of the ear, at 53, Rodney-street, in this town,
where be is expected to remain for a short time.
THEATRICAL.—MaIibran intends to pay Ireland and Scot-
land a professional visit, after the Manchester and Liverpool
festivals, accompanied, it is said, by Templeton and two or
three other vocalists, in order to perform "Fidelio," " Som.
nambula," "The Maid of Artois,' &c. At some of the princi-
pal towns favourite Italian operas will be performed, arrange-
ments for accomplishing which are now in progress. Mr. W.
Jones has not taken Covent-garden, as was reported, but he
bas entered into an engagement with Mr. Bunn to have the
use of Drury-lane theatre three nights in the week, from Octo-
ber the l'ith, fnr the purpose of performing tragedies, in which
Mr. Forrester, the celebrated American actor, is to sustain the
principal parts. Mr. Jones will have the option of relinquish-
ing the agreement at the end of the first week, or continuing it
to the end of the season. The other three nights will be devoted
chiefly to operas.—Standard.
Ground has been taken at Park-terrace, Leeds, at the top of
Park-row, on which a catholic chapel is to be erected, awl a
mansion fur a catholic bishop.
The pedestal of the equestrian statue of his Majesty George
111., in Pall-mall East, has been inclosed with an iron railing,
and the whole has a very good effect.
Administration was on Wednesday taken out to the effects of
the late Mr. Rothschild in Great Britain, which were sworn to
be under Li,:gh),oooeterling, and the• prebate duty ameuuted• to
£15,0001
