LI VEy1)001, NIECIIANICS INSTETUTWN

LECTURE ON POLAND

On •Saturrlnv evening MOns,. N..F. Zaha, a Polish exile, de-
reyed a feet u re of extreme interest upon the repeated struggles
which- Poland has made to • preserve and obtain her liberty as
well as upon her present. state. We• never saw enthusiasm here
so highly worked up in an audience than it was during the de-
livery of this lecture, and certainly the animated delivery, the
simple unadorned pathos, and impressive language of the lec-
turer, were sufficient to have invested a less noble subject with
the highest importance.

The history of a native that has occupied for many ages the
high station among the nations, and whose struggles for inde-
pendence have excited the deepest sympathy throughout Europe,
cannot but be of the greatest interest to every intelligent miud.
I step forward to give you a brief sketch of the political history
of my nation, for I believe that a knowledge of its political his-
tory will always excite for Poland the deepest sympathy.
As no nation on the face of the earth can boast of having en-
, joyed at an early period the advantages of good and free insti-
tutions, Poland likewise made a slow but gradual improvement
in, the social state. History shows no light upon her early days.
It seems, however, that the Poles existed as a nation 1,000 years
ago. Its political existence would appear to date from the Bth
century. It is to be regretted that welave very imperfect ac-
counts of the early religion of the Poles, as they would have
afforded most interesting ideas of the state of the inhabitants,
nevertheless we have the authority of the earliest chronicles that
mildness must have been its concomitant, as no persecution was
ever raised against the missionaries in their pious labours. The
christian religion was very generally diffused' towards the end
of the tenth century, and from that period to 1386. In spite cif
the most unfavourable circumstances, Poland gradually rose to
a prosperous and social state. The Poles were divided into two
classes, the equestrian order, or the nobles who fimught on horse-
back against the enemies of their country, and the serfs, to
whom were confided the labours of husbandry. The eques-
trian order was established upon the broadest principles of de-
mocracy; for no distinctions were known amongst them, there
were no titles, but they called one another by the fond name of
brother. Again, the law of entail, that powerful instrument of
the feudal system, never existed in Poland. Every member of
a large family enjoyed the same privileges, and :shared in the
property of their parents, heuce.they grew gradually to a giant
strength, and this will account to yon why the Poles, amidst all
their struggles, have preserved ii .strong attachment to their
birth-place and liberty. The second order, although I am dis-:
posed to say but few, words irilpfenee.of the System, which de-
prives a large portion of the.couritry of their rights; still the
Polish serf proved in, his bondage the nobleness of the human
race, for hew could he be so brave in the defence of his master,
if he was so degraded as some writers say, who have never had
an Opportunity of judging for themselves ? Histor v informs us,
that as early as 1317, a diet or Parliament was called, in order
to frame laws'calculated to encourage commerce and industry
in the city, and to give a wise and just government to the king-
dom. In 1486 a new dynasty was introduced into the king-
dom, and after 200 years she attained a high rank among the
nations.. At the end of the fourteenth century the hereditary
monarchy gave way to the elective, and she immediately
made rapid strides in civilization and freedom. She became
famous for eminent men in every department of literature, and
in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries deputies were sent
from every district, with the view of consulting together for the
pyomotion of the happiness of the country. Liberal ideas were
dailyegaining ground in Poland, arid after the death of the last
King of the Jacquenots, the Polish throne became vacant.
The Poles were called upon to fill up the vacant monarchy, and
in 1573 they determined thaLevery king in future should be.
elected by the votes of the majority of the electors. Every
Polish as well as foreign nobleman was entitled to become a
candidate, but he was not crowned before he signed a solemn
compact called " Pacta conventa." If he violated this, his
subjects were absolved from their allegiance, I feel compelled
to own that this elective monarchy was the cause of the downfall
of Poland, but if it bad been properly conducted, this would not
have been the case.. The principal cause of the misfortunes of
Poland is, that she allowed the foreign princes to sue for the
crown. No sooner was there a vacancy, than the most bare-
faced bribery and influence was resorted to, and the foreign gold
had a baneful influence upon the morals and character of the
nation. A foreign prince elected to the Polish throne, being a
stranger to the laws and genius of the people, could feel but
little interest in the promotion of their welfare, compared with
a native, whilst this kindness ever bent upon strangers, to
render the Polish throne hereditary in, Lis family. Thus, a
great deal of the miseries of Poland was the election of foreign
princes. Another cause was its geographical situation, en-
compassed by three great powers, the Poles could not make a
single effort without being obliged to fight their way. That the
elective monarchy had its bright traits as well as its dark ones,
was evident in the life of John Sobieski, whose name is known
through the whole civilized world, wherever the sound of
liberty has reached. Who is ignorant of the magnanimous ex-
ploits of John Sobieski before the walls of Vienna, when it was
besieged by 300,000 Turks. On that occasion he took the field
in defence of Christianity, and restored Austria to tier former
eminence, and returned without claiming any reward for' his
services to his own country, covered alone with the glory of
that event. All Europe was filled with the praises of John
Sobieski, and they did not fear to say that there was a man sent
don nby heaven, whose name was Jelin. This brilliant event
alone ought to have secured to the Poles the assistance of all
Europe, at least of Austria, when they .sere struggling for their
political existence:' But we shall see that Austria herself, to ;
her eternal disgrace, leagued herself with the enemies of
Poland to work out her destruction
The election of foreign princes to the Polish throne ought to
be considered as the chief cause of. all tier misfortunes. They
had neither morals nor genius, and she constantly kept up re-.
latiuns with foreign princes contrary to the interests of the peo-
ple. The intimate friendship which subsisted between Frederick
Augustus, the second king of Poland, and I'eter the Great of
Russia, introduced for time first time the power of the Russian
cabinet into Poland. Peter's first step towards the subjugation
of Poland was by persuading Frederick Augustus that he would
never be able to realize his purpose of rendering the throne
hereditary as long as a standing army of 80,000 limn was kept
up. Frederick persuaded the Poles, on the score of economy,
to reduce this army to 18,000, and, from this impolitic act per-
formed in 1770, commenced the decline of Poland, for when we
consider that Poland is surrounded by three powerful potentates,
who kept up large military forces, it will at once be seen that
Poland, by disbanding her forces, exposed herself to imminent
danger. At the death of Frederick Augustus in 1773, she speedi-
ly discovered, though Russia and Prussia were united in their
determinatidn to cause her to accept a king contrary to her
wishes. A young man, without any talents, was proposed to
the Poles as their king by the two powers. His name was Sta-
nislaus Poniatowski. No sooner was this known than the pa-
triots refused to concur in the election, but being overawed by
the Russian and Prussian troops, they were obliged to proclaim
him as the Polish king in 1771 We are now arrived at the
reign of the last king of Poland, that epoch so disastrous and so
pregnant with misfortunes. Soon after the election of Stauis-
laus to the Polish throne, the conduct of the Russian ambassador
showed the end of his mission. He sowed dissention among the
Poles, and urged them to take up arms against the government.
The empress -Catherine; alarmed at the progress made by the
patriots in asserting their rights, sent orders to her ambassador
to the seize the people who had taken part in the rising, and to
send them to Siberia. Her order being executed, threw the
whole country into the most feverish excitement. • An -eminent
Pole called Iris countrymen to arms at Basle, and there a con-
federation was-formed, the object of which was to put an end to
all foreign intervention. The patriots assembled around his
banner, and very soon he mustered a very considerable aviary.
When we consider that for four years, without a standing army,
without the means of providing for war, these brave Poles
maintained themselves against a well-organised army, we can-
not but award them our admiration. In vain the Polish ambas-
sadors visited every court of Europe, imploring assistance for
his countrymen. The empress Catherine excited the Cossacks
against the Poles, by alleging that they were fighting in defence
of-their religion. They surprised a small town in Podoii, and
put all the inhabitants to the sword. At least the patriots
found themselves in the most critical situation, and the ap-
pearance of both time Prussian and Austrian armies iu Poland,
put an entire end to all their hopes, and they were obliged
to submit to their hard fate. Then it was, in 1772, that the
first partition of Poland was effected. This atrocious conduct
of the three neighbouring states roused the Poles, and they as-
siduously endeavoured to ascertain the source of all their evils,
and to reconstruct their government upon a firm basis. In 1788,
a diet was called in, which the regeneration of Poland was re-
, solved upon. The state of politics seemed highly favourable.
Austria and Prussia were engaged in a war with Turkey.
Prussia encouraged the Poles in their design, and promised to
lend her assistance, should the Poles require it, to regain her
final independence. lu the mean time, the labours of the diet
seemed to be completed, and they gave a new constitution to
the country in 1791, according to the tenor of which elective
inenarchy was abolished, and liberty proclaimed to all classes.
The diet passed a law that their constitution should be revised
every twenty years, by an extraordinary diet, called for that
purpose, and such alterations introduced as the spirit of the
times might require. No sooner was this constitution pro-
claimed than it excited the utmost enthusiasm and joy through-
out Poland. The empress Catherine protested against it, and,
by her promises and bribes, induced five nobles out of the
whole number likewise to protest against it, and to call upon
her for her aid and protection. Sh-e immediately assumed a
warlike tone, and threatened the Poles with her vengeance if
they should dare to carry their constitution into operation.
The Poles flew to arms and called upon the King of.Prussita
for the assistance which he hail promised them, but, to their
surnrise, he at once altered his disposition towards the Poles,
and declared himself for Russia. This conduct needs no coni-
ment—it speaks for itself. The King Stanislaus, instead of de-
fending his country to the last drop of his blood, yielded to the
demands of the empress. Thus the constitution was abolished,
and the bigotted tyrant effected a second partition of Poland in
1793. By this constitution, liberty was given to all classes, and
any native or foreigner had free permission to settle anywhere
in Poland, for tine purpose of carrying on their trades or avoca-
tions I ask you, now, if the principles of this constitution are
pernicious to social order, as Russia and PruSsia dared to re-
present them in the face of the world ? I ask vou, now, if it
isnot evident that the only crime of Poland is-her desire to be
free ? Had the Poles been allowed to carry on a reform Pre-
mising so much for the good of the country —a reform gained.
without a single drop of blood---a reform which was'so highly
approVed of by the nation at large, Poland would have become
a land of happiness—a land oiberty. I need not bias•your
judgments by quoting the opinions of 'celebrated men in those
iaatmedentht,einspii7ioiti,otfhtahliistwPaoslitshhectrornesattietus-t
timest(n.
Burke 11boon which was ever,conferred upon humanity, for it aimed
sra
a deadly blow to slavery. But :this extract from the constitu-
tion sufficiently shows that it was a most glori
lation.
After these events Poland became an object of hatred to her
neighbotars. They could not hear a free nation for their neigh-
bour. It was a thorn in their side, and they were afraid that
the Poles, if allowed to carry tin their reforms, would arrive at
the maturity of good, and be the means of endangering their
own thrones by coin municating throughout their doniinions the
desire of liberty. Accordingly they begun to plan the total
extinction of 'Wand, andamisited the Poles with heavy oppres-
sions. In consequence of this they flew again to arms in 1791
and appointed Kosciusko to be their commander-in-chief. They
proclaimed liberty to all people, and it was on such principles as
these that Kosciusko placed himself at the head of time troops.
He compelled the King of Prussia to raise the siege of War-
saw, and make a precipitate retreat. But although a skilful
general, his situation became gradually encompassed with
difficulties.. Kosciusko attempted to stop the advance of tine
enemy, and fur some time the Poles defended their post against
most disproportionate nurribers. Their brave general was
resolved to sell his life. at the dearest ratea-wherever danger
was to be found. there Kosciusko was likewise to he met with.
It was impossible to predict. what would have been she result of
this bloody day if Kosciusko, carried on too much' by Ins bra-
very, had not been giievously wounded ; and the report circu-
lating
that he was _killed, threw time Polish ranks Oita .great
confusion. BLit the fate of Kosciusko was not as it had been
generally snpposed,,he was recognised amongst the slain:his
wounds were dressed, and he was made a Itussianprisoner.
Whilst his wounds were yet fresh he was taken to St. -Peters-
burgh, and conelemitedan a dungeon for life. The father of the
present emperor, upon his accession, give him' his liberty, and
Kosciusko retired to a more congenial clime, and flied in 1770
iu Switzerlaud. The news of that' disastrous event quickly

THE LIVERPOOL 4TANDAIw

spread to Warsaw. The national forces were concentrated At
•Prague, which.was defaoded with the utmost bravery,,butheing
at lenitih taken. by .SuWa-rrow, 20.000 of the inhabitants were
butchered by that merciless general. When Prague was lying
in ruins Warsaw capitulated, and the remains of the patriots
retired to foreign lands. The empress Catherine sent orders to
that weak prince Stanislaus for his abdication: Had he pos-
sessed sufficient courage to have resisted this in 1773 he would
have redeemed a life of blunders; but he went to beg a resi-
dence in the ltrissiau capital. Thus was Poland,afterdeleuding
,Europe against the incursions of the Tartars and Turks, per-
mitted by civilized Europe to bedeprived of a political existence
without the least solid cause, for history cannot lay any charge
at her door.

After this, 'the Poles expatriated themselves. The French
republic gives a shelter to them, and the Polish legions were
formed in Italy in 1796. They were not attached to the perso-
nal interests of Buonaparte, as some writers think, for, at the
time they Were formed; his power was binned to the generalship.
But when he afterwards attained his great power by means of
bis surprising genius, then the Poles looked up to hien in the
hope of recovering the independence of their country. After
the brilliant victory of the battle of Jena, Napoleon became the
sole master of the destinies of Poland; but in 1807, instead of
restoring Poland •to her former eminence, to•the greatest stir-.
prise of the Poles he: created this country
.an Archduchy of
Warsaw; hut in his expedition into Russia; in 1812, he needed-
the Poles. history will specially blame the conduct of Napo-
leon on this occasion, for not recognizing the independence of
Poland. In his disastrous retreat be was taught, unfortunately
too - late, the importance of Poland as an independent state.
The Holy Alliance which was formed shortly after at Vienna
for the purpose of interposing a barrier to the Russian power,
contemplated the independence of Poland as important to the
preservation of the peace of Europe. England, Austria, and
France declared themselves in favour of the Poles. Russia, on •
the contrary, claimed the possession of Poland under the pre-
text of having rendered great services in the deposition of Na-
poleon. In spite of this demand, England, France, and Aus-
tria seemed to be firm with respect to their intentions to Poland.
A treaty was spoken'of to compel Russia to comply with the
wishes of the Congress, but the sudden appearance of Buona-
parte gave a different term to the debate, for Rus'sia threatened
to withdraw her assistance if Poland was not given up. France,
of course, now could take no part in the affair, and the event
was, that Poland was given up in order to secure the services of,
Russia against the incursions of Napoleon. In the mean tithe'
tlie Bettie Of Waterier) put an end to the reign of Napoleon,
and Louis Went,-b.ack tO. Paris. The charter of 1815 raised-the
fondest hope Sin the bosoMs of the Poles; but it was soon evi-
dent that this charter was never intended for use, but merely to
blind the eyes of the ignorant. The autocrat of Russia with-
drew every
,means'of 'education from the Poles. - The better to
promote his designs; he sent the Grand Duke Constantine to lie
the executor..ef•his project—or, iii fact, to be, the, executor of
Poland; and he was so. The liberty of the press was in a short
time curtailed. A department of vigorous censorship was esta-
blished; the task of which was not only to inspect all books.nn- •
ported from abroad, but also to interfere with the manner in
which the youth was tauglii. Court martials assumed the func-
tions of civil tribunals, and they subjected to the most degra-
ding punishment, men whose only anxiety was to save their
country from the trammels of corruption. The charter only
existed by naine. On the smallest suspicion, the most peaceful
and retired citizens were taken away from the bosoms of their
families and thrown into dungeons, without any trial. To crown'
this despotic power, the very innocent victims were bound to
keep carefully the secret of their long and cruel sufferings, on
their return to their homes under the pain of suffering the
punishment of severe confinement. The name of the Grand.
Duke Constantine will ever be associated . with the feelings of
horror in every Polish breast. He employed spies. to furnish
him every day with the gossip of the town, and there was not
a man of .liberal opinions who escaped punishment.
As it is here a question to show you to what extent the
government of Russia carried on their oppression of the Poles,
I may be excused. in bringing before you sonaethieglin con-•
nexion with my own person. In 1837 1 bought a commission
in the army, and .fgan..time to time to employ'to the best, nay
leisure time, I wrote short paragraphs its the papers. I hap-
pened to make some few observations on the state of politics in
Europe— the passage must have been very moderate, as it met
the approbation of the censorship—but it met with the dis-
approbation of the Grand Duke. I was imprisoned fur four
months, and not satisfied with this punishment, when my turn
came to be ad vanced to a higher rank in the army, he omitted
me. Then I wished to retire from the army and petitioned the
Grand Duke to that effect. The application was refused, and
he ordered me to .remain in Warsaw. I petitioned four times
without effect. I pervailed upon the medical board to give me
a certificate that my health was so far impaired- that it was im-
possible for me to remain any longer in the service. This pe-
tition was disregarded, and he sent an order to the board' that.
if I were not restored to health in a' fortnight. the medical
board would be dismissed from their office; and 1 was obliged
for the safety of the officers to state that I was better. It was
two years here I obtained my dismissal. it. could be easy to
give many instances of this kind.
In order to shew you. in a stronger light the faithless conduct
of Nicholas and Alexander to Poland, let us look at the state
of the old division. of Poland. Were the stipulations which
were made performed ? No! but the contrary. The youth in
.progress of education was particularly aimed at, —hut it is not
so easy to stifle the propagation of generous sentiments—the
youth combined among themselves and formed an associating.
But scarcely had the intelligence of this association reached the
;ears orthe Emperor of Russia and the Grand Duke Constantine,
than orders were given for the apprehension of all these young
men, and the prisons were filled with them, even with youths of
no more than 12 to 15 years of age. Fortunes were applied to
elicit from them confessions of a dangerous crime. They were
confined without water to slake their thirst, and when in a state
of delirium a glass of water was brought to them in order to in-
duce them to make a confession of their crime. Some of them
were executed in prison. Again, the emperor was so intent
upon changing the face of the old habits of the Poles, that lie
withdrew the Polish language from the schools and public
offices. Liberty, justice, and virtue are words not to be found
in the Russian language. There is no criele which could obtain
an acquittal for money, unless you happen to be a just man—
and •sympathise with the oppressed—in that case, justice in
Russia pronounces you to be a dangerous snail to the g sod of
the state, and you are sure to
,end.your days in Siberia. Again,
if you wish for, promotion, you are obliged to offer a certain sum
to those in whose hands the poiver rests, but if another offers a
larger sum thao you, the appointment is made in favour of him.
Thus, the greatest corruption prevails in Russia. The salary
attached to any office, is very inconsiderable, therefore, the
holders raise their incomes entirely by extortion. The salary
of a chief governor amounts only to £l6 a year, but his real in-
come is upwards of £3OOO, which he raises in some such means
as the following. He gives out that smuggling has been carried
on to such an extent that be is obliged to order all the shops to
be shut up to search for the suspected goods, and. as such an
event is a great injury to a sh,opkeeper, he offers a large sum to
induce the governor to • recall his order. if a deserter has
escaped, the govenor can cause the. farmers to keep their ser-
vants from the, farm for some time, under the pretext of search-
ing the premises, and in order to prevent the injury which
might be dune to his crops in the mean time through want of
the proper attention,
,the farmer is obliged, to pay large sums
for the exemption from the order. In this way the people are
obliged to pay daily. A•medical man is appointed to a certain
district Ou payment of a certain :stint, and he again obliges all
the Other medical practitioners on that district to pay him for
permission to practise. The farmer, too, is obliged to pay him
a heaVy amount or he would declare their cattle diseased, and
thus keepthem out of the market. The peasants of Russia
hold in abhorrence the military service. They are obliged to
serve for 25 years, and after that time they. have very little
chance to return to their own homes. Tile pay of the military
is miserable—a colonel receives 1:60 a year, a captain £35, anil
a private about £l, and besides that, two pounds of course black
bread, and half a pound of beef per day. The officers, in
orderto keep up their rank, are obliged to rob their regiment,
so that the private soldier, in. place of a pound, scarcely re-
ceives 25..61. a year in his htfid. The clergy endeasoui'to in-
culcate a belief that every one who dies in the , service of the
emperor is sure of a place in heaven.
After all these contumelies can it be wondered at that the
Poles should rise on the 29th November, 1830? Were they
not compelled to do so? Freedom ! It is more pleasant to
bleed at. thy shrine than to sleep but a moment in chains. The
Poles flew to arms, nut for any love of a' military life, but in
defence of their own right—they flew to arms ;. and all Europe,
astonished at the 'event, turned their regard towards Poland,
persuaded that at the first approach of the Russian army she
would be at mice overwhelmed. The Russian forces brought
against them in February following amounted to 200,000 men.
The 'Russian General summoned the Poles to submit, but his
summons excited universal indignation, and a refusal to com-
ply with it was returned to the Russian camp. The first engage-
ment took place on the 26th February, 1831, within sight of
Warsaw. The Russians had inure than 150,000 men in the
' field, and 300 cannon,—the Poles 36,(X)0 men, and 85 cannon.
This mass of artillery vomited fire, iron, and smoke during the
day. At last the Russians retired, leaving about 9,000 dead
"upon-the field of battle, and all Europe, struck with admiration,
began to feel a lively interest in the success of the Poles. Many
battlesthe
h at t
,e wereof
Therh e
inhabitants tight
ls
whichisnuef oneite, hreme soetfori tins
formerly
theslehs'estmil:(onsmgi dtoeefdssi
tih:lg'erupli:tnt.olhaalirenty'sha..
flocked in to join the patriot army. In Lithuania, a province
three times as large as the whole of Poland, a lady, Miss Plata,
was the first to effect a rising. She marched at the head of a
considerable detachment, raised and supplied at her own ex-
rpsetesnee,f and j
the oined
insurgents,th e p aaturido ttsh.e The
unfortunateßussians
owatched
th scene
eho ou fs
et
sh ett
nmdo
es
fft
eheotisa
of
bflteh ee vrei
enht sd. e
tt 'Tile
I;e ey
ecda, t tal
and
dal' eh ree e "he plundered,leaeeseveuthrnyel
try laid waste. The melancholy catastrophe of the fall of War-
saw became a cause or mourning all over the world, and Poland
became the islet of every patriot. The ladies were to he seen
on the field of battle,
. litai guardian angels, affording assistance
and consolation to those who had the misfortune to fall under
commiserationti.ts
oaceau
tail .
subjected
di
rears
ee,
sett-
-devoted
oivt.te, pouring
oe:
it wxne en,efioi
ttprbeietantoslii ieepnnt
resources,:sli into
eevfe ~eniv rr.
tles
her
years
ty:letwrl
al the the blows of the enemy. They were to be seen in every hospi-
tal,
all their ornaments to the good of their country. This
lit:d.tett,
my
ten months,
country
nfialtteitreefyst.
eelnrhasl
Siberia,
indignation.
. If the atrocities perpetrated during the time of war excite
committed upon the feeble and the defenceless are those eaten-
ei n aitnrebcaittitelse,oaft the
an another
rpteimpier
i‘di:svbigtohoseownaboi
it.naliinrsitattetlgidhia;s)sb,nti of
tetftisghtlul,eethsmosuou sufferers. They sa-
crificed
'Nicholas. Behold Poland clothed in mourning, lamenting in
lta'ehortiathsteiriielctsxdtuiolnestgheenottnilinawegesarei(n)firfor her children, torn from her bosom
s
it is not enough that
etxhiolue,saenfdswlhe
of
tltnhtlhoteswieravihttiifte country—forl le innotuegishitshfpeotrr)
ewheei power;
10,000 Poles upwards of 5000 are in
I,.,fla'i'lin:::irilgeileneho;t:byleett,irrtswe,hauessenhnndatteistrt,e:tatnhuoemsuegioi)hluatnhutteshiacbcthlaeilus.doepracershenttletsai.)x large number were
obliged to leave their country. It was not enough that 5000
theeAct.al rltreithtksidiinsaga%,‘ac' wits not
.them and instructing them in Russia, as if the Polish mothers
were unable to attend to such an interesting task. The Em-
peror'of Russia caused the children to be carried away to Rus-
sia for the object of bringing thesis iip in the Russian schools,
to make them forget their native country, their language, and
to make them true Russian subjects. He causes from time to
time a number to be transported, and not very lon. ago 3(X)
children were taken away from the confinesof Warsaw. Sonte
of these unfortunate children are frequently unable to undergo
the hard Ships of a long journey andalie ou the road, but as me
officer in charge.having given a receipt for a certain number of
children, is obliged to deliver the same number-at the end of his
journey, in case of a death he sends persons into the country to
seize other children to make up the ,number which- have-died.
All this cruelty is directed against the children of those who
' have escaped.his reach by voluntary exile. One of his officers
entered the house of a lady for the purpose of separating her
from her two children. Her prayers and outcries were adopted
but.they availed her nothing-, - At limit she became calm, and
begged to give the children some token of remembrance before
she 'parted with, them for ever., She went into a closet, and
.: returned in a very short time. She pressed the children to her
breast, but it was too quickly seen, from the piercing :screams
which ensued, that she had plunged daggers into the hearts of
1
er children: . Navin,lli then turned them into her own, she
i I bade the officer tell the ,emperor .that it Oast thus that Polish
• ladies submitted to a separation from their Child, en.—
