TO CORRESPONDENTS.

We have received the following donation to the fund for pro-
viding soup for the distressed poor. Messrs. Rubinson,, and
Girvin, £lO.

Tirie iLibErpool

FRIDAY MORNING. JANUARY 26, 1838.

n- The Publication of the STANDARD commenced this morn
ing at 6 o'clock.

LATEST INTELLIGENCE • FROM THE WEST INDIES.—
By the Skylark, we have received papers from Jamaica
to the 12111 ultimo, and from British Guiana to the 22d
of November. The Jamaica papers speak of the spread
of disaffection among the negroes in the Port Royal
mountains ; but they do not enter into any particulars.

In the Jamaica Royal Gazette of the 9th ult. we find
the following judicious remarks on the system of immi-
gration, to which a partial trial had been already given

It is with very great pleasure we refer to the report presented
to the House from the Commissioners of the Township of Alta-
mont, inserted in our paper of last week, which enters so mi-
nutely into every matter connected with the establishment of
the Township,The. arrival of the emigrants, and their ultimate
location, as to leave no circumstance untouched, of any know-
ledge which we might wish to acquire regarding this interesting
colony, hidden. Ili fact, it is one of those reports we can look
to with pleasure as affording every information which may be
desited regarding it. We confess we are of those who look
upon the settlement of Townships by European emigrants as
one of the great experiments on which the safety of the colony
dePends, and in the language of the report, "cannot but con-
gratulate the country on the successful commencement of an
undertaking, by which alone the resources of this extensive
island ever can be fully developed. Its diversity of high and
low lands affords a diversity of climate equally favourable
to the European as well as to the Aftican labourer:—The
low lands are already occupied principally by the latter
class, but the interior high lands remain, to a large extent, as
yet in a state of nature.—lf upon these lands a labouring white
population can be settled, bringing along with them the indus-
try and the moral and religious habits of the Scotch peasantry,
their example cannot fail to have a powerful influence on the
other inhabitants, and Jamaica, with such assistance may yet.
rise reinvigorated to a higher prosperity, than it never could
have attained under a state of slavery. The object is of vast
importance, and well deserves in the opinion Of the Commis-
sioners, the cotdiatsupport of the Legislature." It cannot but
afford the well wishers of Jamaica the greatest possible pleasure
in knowing that although these people have had among them
cases of measles, chichen pox, ophthalmia and intermittent
fevers, yet no case of serious illness had occurred,—a circum-
stance not at all unusual or unlooked for in the fine healthy
climate, which those located in the mountainous parts of
Jamaica enjoy.

CANADA.The Packet• Ship North America, which
sailed from New York on the Ist inst. has not yet ar-
rived, although she was telegraphed off this port on
Tuesday last. We have therefore, little to add to the
very conclusive intelligence with which we presented our
readers on Tuesday last. The only important news we
have to relate is, the confirmation of the accounts which
we published on Tuesday, afforded in the following
despatches of Sir John Colborne, which we find in the
London Gazette of Wednesday :

COLONIAL OFFICE, DOWNING-STREET, JAN. 21.

Dispatches have been received from Lietenant-General Sir John
Colborne, K.C.B , Commander of the Forces in Canaria, dated 13th
and 15th December, 1837, of which the following are extracts and

copies :
Extract from it Dispatch from Lieutenant General Sir John Colborne,
K.C.8., to Major General Lord Fitzroy Somerset, K.C.8., dated

Montreal, December 13, 18:7.

I have the honour to acquaint you, that, on the return of Colonel
Gore from St. Hyacinthe with part of the force under his command,
1 detached Lieutenant Colonel Hughes, of the 24th regiment, with ten
companies, to attack the rebels which had entered St. Armand, from
Swanton, in the United States; the brave and loyal volunteers of
Missisqui, however, had, previously to the march of that officer from
St. John's, dispersed the Canadians of which he was in pursuit. They
were commanded by Bouchette and Gaynon.

I proceed this day, with all my disposable force, towards St. Bus-
tache, in expectation of speedily putting down the revolt in the Grand
Brule, in the county of Two Mountains.
Head-quarters, St. Benoit, Grand Brule,
December 15, 1837.

My Lord,—ln transmitting to you a copy of a dispatch to the Gene-
ral Commanding-in-Chief, I beg to inform your lordship, that I en-
tertain no doubt that the revolt in Lower Canada is completely at an
end. The whole of the habitans who Were in' arms, in the county of
the Lake of the Two Mountains, the most disturbed pail of the dis-
trict, sine.. the commencement of the revolt, are returning to their
homes, and bringing in their arms to my head-quarters.

I have the honour to be, &c.,
J. COLBORNE, Lieut. Gen
The Right Hon. Lord Gienelg, her Majesty's Secretary
of State, Colonial Department.

(Copy.)

Head-quarters, St. Benoit, Grand Brute.

My Lord,—l marched with the disposable force under my com-
mand from Montreal, on the 13th, and entered St. Eustache on the
next day ; this village has been occupied for ten days, by about 12
hundred rebels, commanded by Chenin and Girod, two of the most
active of their leaders.

On the appearance of the Queen's troops, the greater of the rebels
disPersed, but others remained. and fired from the church and adjacent
houses, which were taken without much loss.
-1 continued my march to Saint Benoit, Grand Brule, this morning;
a section of the country in which more outrages have been committed
than in any other part of the country, since the commencement
of the revolt. _ _

It appears that the rebel army dispersed yesterday ; and this morn-
ing the peasantry, which had been assembled, are bringing in their
arms to' head-quarters ; and I have reason to believe that, in'every
part of the country the habitans have returned to their houses, and
that the revolt has been completely put down. Our loss has been in-,
censiderable ; the details of the march I shall take an early opportu-
nity of communicating to you.
I have the honour to he, &c.
.1. COLBORNE, Lieut. Gen.
Major Gen. the Right Hon. Lord Fitzroy, &c.

TIIE " TELEGRAPH."--This contemptible 'Print con-
tinues to re•asserti from week to week, with a dogged
pertinacity strongly indicative of mental delusiod, that
the late private and exclusive . meeting of the Reform
Association was a public meeting. There are some
people vt hose native dulness is such that they are inca.
gable of even comprehending an argument, much less to
allow the force of reason to have a convincing influence
on their minds. To this class of unfortunate imbeciles
the editor of the Telegraph • appears to belOng. We
have dime all we could to convince him of his erroneous
impression as to the nature and composition of the meet-
ing in question; but all our efforts seem to have.been
in vain. The simpleton appears to be proofagainst the
