MORAL HARMONY.

(From the Watchman.)
There is a cottage, and the children are playing around it.
A sweet girl somewhat older sits knitting near the door, with
its perfurned.porch of honeysuckles.
A man approaches that residence of innocence and simpli-
city. fle enters the lowly chamber. He claims an ancient
acquaintanceship with the happy family. He is welcomed by
the inmates, for he says be knew their father. The little ones
climb his knee. He is made, in the true sense of that holy
phrase, AT HOME.

Shall I describe the visitant? Hewears the garb of a me-
chanic. He converses about science and the march of intel-
lect. He declaims fluently concerning political rights and
moral organisation, and talks of signing the people's charter.
" What is the charter ?" asks a little boy, as he munches
his brown bread and butter.
And that man seeks oftentimes the happy house. And he
gains the affections of the simple village maiden, Why should
she doubt? He was het' father's friend.
The days conic when he speaks of marriage, but he has
conscientious objectiuris to. bands.

Why? He is a philosopher. He has exploded that ancient
folly, the Church of England. He beliqves in no God—not
he ! God, he maintains, is the invention of the priest ! The
philosopher would burn the cross of Christ for firewood.
" Do not marry him," whispers the conscience of his be-
trothed.

" I love him," replies her inclination.
Conscience tails. The girl forgets her mother's remon-
strances, and goes forth into the world with him to whom
she has trusted her guileless heart.
They arrive at-. They are united at the Hall of Science,
on the principles of social harmony.
Ten months pass away with the usual alternations of life.
And then there seemed a probability that the village girl
would become a mother.

" How tiresome !" said her reputed husband, as he took
the last shilling from her pocket during her calm sleep, and
escaped from their little house, two hours before day-
light.
She laid the tea-things for him as usual in the evening, but
he came not.

She trimmed her lamp at midnight, listening at every foot-
fall as it echoed in the silent-street, yet he came not.
And the truth by degrees stole on her desolate spirit.
She went forth in distraction to the officers of justice. The
old magistrate wept as he told her how she'had been de-
ceived. The cold-hearted workhouse received her, and the
p.aupers• looked bitterly askance as they saw there was no
marriage ring on her finger. Her child was born, forlorn
and fatheriess—the weakly offspring of the broken hearted.
There is a'mad-house at There is there the wreck
of a once beautiful form. The symmetry of the features re-
mains, but the lustre of reason has paled and expired. She
moans and walks alone. The keeper will tell you that she
is near the grave.
WHO IS SHE? WHO IS SHE?
And a madman answers dolefully, she is a " SOCIALIST'S
BRIDE." A nidi
letvrheeeet
isclsvirne a b:
on crowd
iod:oncwfyhomaniacs join in horribly,
With death before us, •
Merrier than all the world beside,
L
e
Come or go,
And one madman chalks on tOlicelrAoLulgSliT'sBvaßllßalDsEkeletan. He
calls it the sign of his inn. And underneath he scrawls with
ominous fidelity, the words-
I naskßmthoeNybuA
burley
yT
sexton,
tsolnGNwhO F
THEh SOCIALIST'S
e rea pauper
it BRIDE."
Tfuneral.
the females are so numerous and so angry. r " 0," say's y
the
man, " it's only a woman buried who
was SEDUCED BY A
SOCIALIST."
It is Sunday night. The Hall of Science is lighted. Strike
up the violins. A man is dancing with a courtezan.
Some one whispers in his ear, " your former wife died last
week in a mad-house."
Does he turn pale? No ! He is a philosopher.
Does he shed a tear? No! He is a SOCIALIST.
Does he say anything? Yes ! " What a pity she did not
make away with herself."
ENGLISHWOMEN! ..THIS.IS SOCIALISM.

ELOPEMENT.—On. Sunday night, the 2d inst., a lass,
named Judy Bourke, eloped with a gallant gay Lothario, of
the name of Philip Walsh, of Ballinacooly, near Piltown ;
the fnriner taking with her £3BO, which bad been collected
as county cess by her brother. The loving pair evaded the
ment
vigilance of the police until Friday night last, when they
werere arrested by Constable M'Carthy and party, of the
y-eet. understand that the money
iyalent,ile.bod wer station, at a relative's house. The lady was
Tipperaro" yt The parties have been conahmaisttneodt
coutni,tztution at.a cupboard, where she had gone for retire-
ftere -
veted as y

(From the Colonial Magazine.)
There is no subject of more momentous interest. to. every
civilized nation, than an inquiry into the present position of
England ; there is no topic of higher importance (socially
speaking) to the whole family of man, than an endeavour to
ascertain thefutuie prospects of England. The first branch
of inquiry would involve an investigation of proximate and
remote causes of almost indefinite extent, and, on this oc-
casion, an exposition of results is all that can be expected,
reserving for. a subsequent periodemore minute, and, perhaps,
more satisfactory details.
One of the most prevalent existing opinions is, that Eng-
land has witnessed the acme of her power, and, having passed
the meridian, now hastens to decay. This inference is er-
roneously drawn, from observing, Ist, that individuals of the
animal and iegetable-kingdoms have their periods of youtii,.
• age, and death ; * and, 2tic that- all: the great nations of anti-
quity have perished, leaving scarcely a vestige of their ligme
the antiquary with difficulty tracing the spot on which the
metropolitan cities of vast empires once stood. .
But' the inference is unsubstantiated in. its premises, and
not fairly supported in its conclusions. Examine one of the
primeval forests of America—it has existed there for ages ;
its limits, defined from the adjacent prairie by a broad and
clear savanna, on which not a shrub is seen. True, the in-
dividual trees of the forest perish, but their place is imme-
diately filled up ; ages roll on—tree succeeds to tree—the
forest never becomes the prairie—and at the end of centuries
is found in all its beauty, denseness, and vigour. The same
principle is applicable to herds of animals, and to congregated
masses of our fellow-creatures. Thus, also, is it with a na-
tion : individuals die—the nation lives, and will continue to
flourish for ages, so long as the elements of moral disease are
subdued by virtue. The analogy, therefore, between the
existence 'of an individual of a species, and the aggregate of
a nation, is incorrect; so also is the conclusion clrawn.from
the supposed analogy.
Empires, kingdoms, and republics have risen from infancy
to *maturity, and then perished. No form of government.
whether that of absolutism or democracy. has been found
sufficient to save a nation from final extinction ; the.seeds of
dissolution were sown at birth, and were evolved when the
physical and intellectual structure began to wane. Babylon
and Nineveh—Egypt and Jerusalem—Tyre and Carthage--
Athens and Rome—have all in succession risen .from insig-
nificance to power, and then vanished .like the " baseless
of ,•••••••••,".• {' t•
because these memorials and records of mere human great-
ness are before us, does it necessarily. follow that all nations
must have their rise and fall ? Sacred Writ most fully in-
forms us of the cause of the destruction of kingdoms,—be-
cause the people forsook the worship of the sally true God,
became idolaters, and were consequently i'estroyed by the
very effect of their own vices and crimes. ..lsriisalea», once
the ark of a pure religion on earth, was destroyed, as oft fore-
told by the prophets, when the measure of its iniquity was
full, is it reasonable to infer that any heathen nation could
long uphold mere temporal power? Rome, the mistress of
the world, debased•by the grossest idolatry, demoraiized by
the most fearful extent of slavery, corrupted by wealth, de-
void of even the semblance of morality,—could no more ex-
pect perpetuity, than that city which was once the temple of
the chosen people of heaven.
• As a wicked man is frequently cut short in his career of
crime, so was the fall of Jerusalem and of Rome ; both were
alike the persecutors of Christianity and the enemies of truth.
The downfall of Jerusalem was essential to the spread of
' moral freedom ; that of Rome, to the extension of civil li-
berty. Natural causes, therefore, produce natural effects,
as regards a-man or a nation; and when we find a nation
running on in a career of vice and infidelity, we can no more
be surprised at its destruction, than at the death of a neat
who has drunk deep of the cup of sin and wickedness.
Let us examine, if there be any resemblance between Rome
and Britain. The one a constitutional free state—the other
a military empire, where the sovereign power was sold to the
highest bidder ;—the one a *nation where all are personally
free—the other, where.-nine-tenths of the people were bonds-
men, serfs, and slaves ;—the one an insular-maritime power,
whose colonial possessions serve to augment its resources,
and to increase its oceanic supremacy—the other a territorial
state, whose very extension of dominion served but to weaken
its strength, and to diminish its capability for defence ;—the
one enjoying all the arts and elegancies which adorn and re-
fine social life, traversing land and sea with a celerity and
certainty hitherto unknown, and using its wealth in the con-
atraction of immense works, which tend to benefit mankind
—the other restricted chiefly in its mental efforts to archi-
tecture, and the showy and specious arts, making war its
chief object ; and destitute of that extraordinary instrument
for the extension of knowledge-.--the press. Finally—the one
a Christian, the other a Heathen people.
In a future number, we shall endeavour to enter more at
length into this important question, because no man of a re-
flective mind would struggle to advance and elevate his
country, if he thought that he were hastening the period of
its ultimate declension and death. The glory of a nation
'would then be sienilat to the :fleeting fame of a selfish indivi-
dual, both transient :.useless to their possessors, and inca-
pable of transmission to pasted; y. He who loves his country
for.the sake of the good whickshe accomplishes, and by rea-
son of her Christian principles, will not, cannot, thick that
the meridian of her existence is passed, while there is, aught
of good to be fulfilled, and while Christianity exists on earth.
Most certain is it, that a nation without true religion, is like
a house built on the sand, which the winds and waves de-
stroy ; and if England be that house constructed on a rock•—•
which Revelation predicts—then may she defy the tempest,
and the not less sure but mere insidious effects of time.
We may now briefly advertsto the present state of the Bri
tish empire. It is certainly one of peril, and fraught with
imminent danger; but still not without a bright and clear
vista. The doMestic condition of England, Ireland, aml
Scotland betokens the 'struggles 'of an industrious people to
raise themSelVes -frotu poverti; and to provide for those who
are to succeed them. We behold a denser population in pro-
portion. to the soil, than is to he found in the aggregate in
any other nation; in some parts 300 mouths to the square
mile. We see that soil entirely pre-occupied, and brought
to a high pitch of cultivation by the accumulated capital of
centuries ; yet year by year less capable of producing an ade,- ,
quate supply of food, to meet the demands of a rapidly, aug-
menting population. Steam-machinery—that efficient in-
strument for raising man from the condition of a mere beast
of burden—while it lowers the price of labour, lessens the
number of labourers required • and if brought successfully},
into use in agriculture, it will tend still more to cause the
evils of a redundant population to he more and more severely
felt: With this reduction in the means of employment, and
in the wages
.of industry, we find an increasing aptitude for
intellectual arid social enjoyment's, and an unwillingness to.l
submit to physical suffering.and privations, which were here-
tofore silently borne: • -
The recent extension of political rights has left a large mass
of the'peojole dissatisfied, because they find themselves pre-
cluded from the exercise of those immunities to which they
look—as ameans'th an erid-s-namely, the benefitting of their
social condition. Extreme 'democratic opinions are, there-
fore, rashly advocated, and the balance of a constitution,
which it has been the efforts of ages to keep equipoised, is
in danger of final overthrow; the sword of physical power
being, in fact, ready to be cast into the scale : while educa.
tion, in itself a blessing if accompanied with religious instruc.
tion, will bat lead to further desire for change, unless food
raiment, and an abundance of all the necessaries of life, be.
come easier and easier of attainment.

Let us now glance- at iire•-• condition of the transmarine
provinces of the empire : where do we find peace and con-
tentment ? It was the sarcastic remark of a nobleman who
filled, within the last few years, the office of Secretary of
State for the Colonies, that the " only Colony in tranquillity
was Heligoland I" We pass without comment the questions
of the state of Canada—of the West Indies—the East Indies,
&c., they are well deserving of the most serious attention,
and calculated to excite the most anxious solicitude ; but we
do not desire to make such topics mere party questions, and
our future numbers will contain ample discussions respecting
their political and social wants. The condition of our Colon-
ial possessions, as well as that of our domestic state, is not
the result merely of yesterday, but the sequence of causes,
some of which are of long standing, and the effects of which
though often predicted. have always been neglected.
The unfriendly'bearing of our foreign relations, is what
may naturally be expected from rivals jealous of our political
power—thirsting for our territorial wealth, and desirous of
enriching themselves at our expense. There is not a king-
dom in Europe, nor a republic in Anaerica, in actual friendly
alliance with us ; and were a general war to occur, England
would not possess an ally, unless self-interest prompted a
co-operation. Many, indeed, of the continental nations would
rejoice in the destruction of the British Empire, as if they
expected to rise on its ruins.
In the midst of these surrounding perils, we see no efforts
made by genius and wisdom, to avert impending evils; tem-
porary expedients are resorted to, and the energy and abilities
of the country are wasted on acrimonious strife, and directed
to no grand or definite, principle for the preservation•of the
social edifice, and the maintenance,cf the integrity of the
empire.
Yet, however gloomy may be the present, there is.no real.
cause of alarm for the future ; from the very nettle danger,
we may pluck the flower safety ; and out of the destructive
elements around, we may gather the means of advancing, se-
curing, and establishing our power for ages. It is true that
we are endeavouring to pay in gold, at £3. 17s. 101 d. an
ounce, a debt of £800,000,000. contracted in a depreciated
paper currency ; and that £30,000,000. of annual taxes are
required to pay simply the interest of that debt, without the
accumulation of any sinking-fund towards its final liquida-
tion. But the property in the United Kingdom is almost
incalculable. That of land alone is estimated at two thous-
and millions sterling England is not, therefore, insolvent ;
and whenever an able financier chooses to grapple with this
vital subject, there are ample means for its adjustment.
Of the 28,000,000 inhabitants in the United Kingdom,
nearly 20,000,000 are unfortunately living from " hand to
mouth," by precarious labour; and scantily supplied with the
necessaries of life. Yet this very abundance of labour may
be rendered of the utmost value, was there perfect freedom
of commerce, and no monopoly of the money which legiti-
mately represents trade; in other words, were there equal
laws of freedom for the transfer of commodities, and of their
representative value. The great reform is now in process of
accomplishment by the joint-stock system of banking, by
means of which, if gradually and cautiously brought into
operation, trade will be saved from future panics, and the
country from ruinous vicissitudes in its monetary affairs.
Thus, steadiness of employment,.and remunerative prices,
will raise the valueproperlY; and spread plenty throughout
the land ; and when 20,000,000 of now half-fed, ill-clad, and
imperfectly educated beings shall have been raised in the
social Scale, we shall daily find fresh sources of employment,
and means will be multiplied foideriving the full benefits of
the industry of intelligent, and morally disposed millions.
(To be continued.)

*" The world, like the individual, flourishes in youth,
rises to strength in manhood, fall 3 into decay in age ; and the
ruins of an empire are like the decrepit frame of an indivi-
dual, except that they have some tints of beauty which na-
ture bestows on them."—Consolations in Travel. Dialogue
I. by Sir Humphrey Davy.

The Tallahassee Star has the following creditable matter
relative to American civilization :—" Colonel Fitzpatrick
arrived on Tuesday, at St. Mark's, from Cubd, with 33
bloodhounds and six Spaniards, their trainers and keepers.
If these hounds are put into service we have more confidence
in the speedy close of the Seminole war than ever before."
" Our correspondent at Vienna," says the Journal de
Franhfort, "informs us that another bond is about to be
added to those which tie the ducal family of Saxe Coburg
Gotha and the reigning family of France, by the marriage of
Prince Augustus Louis Victor, a captain of cavalry in the
Austrian service, with her Royal Highness the Princess
Clementine. The Prince is second son of Duke Ferdinand,
and brother to the Princess who is about to be married, to the
Duke de Nemours.—Galignani.
PORTSMOUTH, SATURDAY.—Frost, Williams, and Jones
arrived here this morning early, in the Usk steamer, after a
boisterous passage of thirteen days from Cardiff, part of
which time has been spent, from the severity of the weather,
in Ilfracombe, Padstow, and St. Ives. They arrived in good
health, but in bad spirits—Frost, in particular, having
anxiously inquired if the Queen had extended mercy to them
on her marriage. They were immediately transferred to the
York hulk, and placed in a ward by themselves, which had
been prepared for the purpose, so that they may hold no
communication with their fellow convicts ; and though they
were immediately clothed in convict aarel, they will not
be sent on shore to work, without further instructions from
the Secretary of State's Office. Under the usual regula-
tion, however, of their letters being unsealed, they will be
permitted free communication with their friends; but no,
one, from idle curiosity, will be suffered to intrude on them.
—Hampshire Telegraph.

ARRlVED.—Kutoioft, Taylor, and Frances Ann, - Soule, from
New Orleans—Horsford, Warnocl:, frotn Lagnira—Prince,Willianas,
fpom Dublin7-Commodc;re, 13c3-(1, Trorn Glasgow.
SAti.xii.—.-North America, Lowlier, for New Orleans—lsabella,
Rymer, for Fernanibuco—Litherland, Baxter, for Sincaporc—
Angelo i :Matte°, Pagualelto, and Elena, Dabovinich, for Trieste—
Henrietta. Klle, for Rot*.eMam—Lonisa, (:.born, for New
'4"O-r, . ra.,x6on,
and Jane, Lowe, for Africa—oiTannon, No ell, for Alobil,—Hebe,
Warr,„ no ~z0n.n.,,,,--1-I,nty Bell, 114,041, fur Beirout and
Alexandria—Emelia, for Naple.J• and Palerino—St. Lucia,
• Raisiwck. for sixiney, N.S.W.—Creole, .riioller, for Jamaica—Henry
Boyle, Chapman, for Oporto—and kionon, Seeman, for Genoa.

King4on, Kenne,:y ; Lydia, Cothay, and (1,•,-,;.! Gordon, Stir.
ling, Drrnerara
Eliza He-wood Heywood, from Calcutta, at ditto

Thirsk, Nippon, anti Alexy, Lilies, hence at Messina
Arab, Daltrarno, hence at Trieste

1,1 estchester, Ferris, hence at Trieste 2nd ult. and sailed 22nd for
New Yurk

Standard, Thompson, sailed from Demerara on the I Ith Jan
Jarrow, Walker, on the lath, and Denison, Jones, on the lath
all for his port
Alarnia, cock, sailed from Trieste for this port 7th instant

.
John Woodall, Williams, for Rio tie Janeiro, that put oack 15th
instant,-has discharged all her cargo without any damage
Baldassare, Boudick, from Trieste, at Malaga for this port
H.M.S. Blenheim, 72 guns, and Blonde, 4d guns, sailed from
portimOuth for China 16th instant, and would call at Plymouth
A board, 74 feet long, with " Mary Hartley," in yellow letters, on
it, has been picked up near Pwllhely
A quantity of wreck, consisting of masts., yards, sails, &c. ap,
patently belonging to a large brig, was seen. noatiug yesterday in
Cardigan Bay

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 20.—Wind E. fresh,

ARRIVED.—PerSiaII, , from Natchez—Elbe, Beatley, from
Alexandria—Queen's Packet, —, from Sligo—and Harriet,
—, from London.
Sa t ED.—Alfred, Ledsten, for St.. Michael's—Berwick, *Harding,
for Mobile—Tyrone, Shand, for Jamaica—Lalmyra, Cushing. for
Boston—Phcenix, Hartley, for. Antigua-r Dee, Wylie, for Africa—
George, Min not, for Savannah—Scotland, Cunningham, for Manilla
—American, Holder, for New York—Rapid, Bolton, for Madeira
and Demerara—Bombay, Guy, for New Orleans—and o.lbree,Volet,
for St. Joseph':;.

Mary Ann Hatton, , hence for Savannah, was spoken 14th
Feb. in lat. 46, long. 11 SO
Francis, , hence for New Sonth Wales, off Tuskar
Cornwall, Butcher, for Rio Janeiro; Patriot, Saubridge, for
Naples; Le Dauphin, Chevalier, for Nantez ; Clipper, Douglas, for
Biluoa ; Anna Agatha, Berghins, for Rotterdam; Mersey, Gregory,
for Vera Cruz ; Sarah, Adolphus, for Berbice ; Tam O'Shanter,
Beatie, for Venice; Britannia, Furzeman, for St. Michael's—Tom-
linson, Wallis, for Campeachy ; and Amelia, Bonnet, for Charente;
sailed from Milford on the 17th instant; and the Resolution, For.
rest, for Maranharn, on the IStli
Criterion, Fry, for La Guayra ; Brilliant, Crocker, for Terceira,
and Mary & Jane, Osborne, for Naples, sailed from Falmouth 17th
instant

North Star' Benedict, for Philadelphia ; Sarah, Howes, for Con
stantinople ; Betsey, Ivey, for Alexandria; Thunder, small, fo.
Trieste, and Pigeon, (packet) with suppiies for the homeward bound
sailed from ditto 18th instant
_ _

Mary ltiy, Grayson, hence and St. Thomas, at Cuba
Calcutta, M•Kennell, and Ward, Masters, hence at St, John, N.B.
Demerara, Miller, from Demerara, at Dublin
Edinburgh, frOm New Orleans, at Havre
Olive & Eliza, ' from New Orleans, at the Clyde
NEWRY, Feb. 14.—The Clarence, Hughes, from ituneorn, is on
the Blockhouse Rocks, but is expected to be got off
Goys, Feb. 18.—The Abercromby, from Liverpool for Charleston,
got under way this morning to proceed to sea, and in wearing
grounded upon Copper Point in this harbour, and must remain till
high water, but without damage
TELEGRAPH OFFICE.—NO intelligence in consequence of thick
weather.

HOLYHEAD, Peb. 19.—Schooner, No. 1054, off, inward bow;
Wind S.E. fresh breeze.

ESSELS ENTERED FOI LOADING.

(SINCE OUR LAST PUBLICATION.)

EAST INDIES, CAPE OF GUOD HOPE, Sre.
Blakely, J Snipe, 314 China & Manilla, Taylor, Potter & Co
Lord Althorp, P Jackson, 233 Calcutta, ' T& J iirocklebank
AFRICA.

Warree, Smith,
Antelope,

130 Africa,
Africa,

C Crosbie
T Harrison & Co

WEST INDIES AND MADEIRA.
Idris, R Legget, • . • . 193 Tortola, J Swire &Co
Emillolls, Ferguson, 194 Demerara, A Montgomery
Warman, -, Is 4 Hayti, It Shed & Co
SOUTH AMERICA.
Wm. /taus, J Nicol, 527 Lagnira and Puerto Cabello,
___

Jane Gaulle, It Davy,
Mary Scutt, W. R Sadler,

W Rose & Co
233 Rio Janeiro, Imrie & Tomlinson
250 Valparaiso, Cotesworth A Wynne

UNITED STATES.

Coriolanus, Wells,- - 300 Savannah, Waddington, Holt &Co
Rialto, P Holmes, 435 New Orleans, W Quayle
C.x.met, J Bute, -• ' 870 New Orleans, J 5-lure
Lancashire, T Alexander, 671 New York, Fitzhugh & C Grimshaw
Dublin, C Skolfield, 650 Philadelphia, ' Ing'eh), &Co
Ligonia, J Hamilton, 285 Baltimore, Galt, Bard & Co
Niagara, S E Cole, .: 540 Mobile, Galt, Bart' &Co
New York, J .liven, 525 Mobile, Tennants, Clow &Co
Alexander, -- Capie, 384 Mobile, Ilumphreys &Biddle
Brooklyn, E Richardson, 452 New York, Galt, I.3arft & Co
St. Lawrence, .1 it Bunker, • 558• New York, ingleby &Co
Stephen Whitney, W C Thompson, 1000 New York,

_
• T & J Sands & Co
Cotton Planter, C R Doan, 301 New York, Hughes, Cowie &Co
Michigan, Sturgess, -498 New Orleans, ilolt & Arrowsmith
BRITISH AI•TERI6A.
Tamerlane, F Fisher, 3g9 Quebec, H Smith & Co
Duncan, 1) Robertson, , , 443 St. John, N.B. Gibbs, Bright &Co
Bride, 1) George, 18d Cadiz and Newfoundland, C& E Hunt &Co
Forager, R Slirghthohne, 384 Halifax, N.S. J Gordon &Co
Terra Nova, J Barclay, 174 St. John, Newfoundland and Brazils,

J G Onghterson
Haidee, J Marshall, 335 Montreal, . Chapman &Co
Aerial, H Robinson, 280 Montreal, Brodie & Hamilton
George, W Rea, 576 Quebec, l‘l'Leod & Yarrow
Coronation, IV Broadley, 739 St. John, N.B. Cannon, Miller & Co
Agamemnon, E llroomhead, 294 Montreal, J Froste &Co
Salmon, T B M'Alpine, 634 Halifax, N.S. Anderson, Garrow & Co

Louisa, J Elliott,
Proven, 0 K Axelsen,
X L, N Duncan,
Hebe, S V Thompson,
Thornely. Foreman,
Alfred, J Ledstone,

EUROPE.
69 Lisbon, .1 Glynn & Son
167 Bremen, Bahr, Behrend &Co
212 Genoa and Leghorn, J G White
103 Gibraltar, G Yates, Lonthean & Co
242 Hambro'. Chayman & Willis
St. Michael's, E Rae & Sons
