THE 'THEATRES.

ITALIAN OPERA.—SIGNOR DEVAL'S 13ENEPIT. —Signer
Deval takes his benefit at the Italian Opera this evening; the
performances announced for the occasion are "11 Corradinoi"
the.tirst time this season, a new grand overture between. the
act?, composed by Deval, and- a miscellaneous selection. -of
Italian music. .To the indefatigable industry and exertions of
Deval the Liverpool public is indebted, primarily, for the re-
commencement of these performances to him and to his co-
adjutor, Marani, we are likewise indebted for the degree of
perfection which they have attained, for they have both been
constant in their superintendence of the rehearsals, and laborious
in adapting the music to the numerical strength andprofeseional
capacities of the different members of the company. For •these
exertions Signor .Deval comes before -the
.public this night for
that measure of reward which is unquestionably his due at a
Singer and an actor, and thiswe hope will be liberally given, both
• as-a remembrance of past services and as a stininius to lintere
exertious. As on "Cesari's" night, a poytion of the pit•willbe
railed off, -for Abe admission of -box-dressed company. While
speaking of the benefits at this theatre it may not be inoppor-
tune to remind its PM pportets that anythino, but justice tvas done
to Marani, who we fear scarcely cleared his expenses on the
night set apart for him. We would suggest that another night
be given him. Were this dove we have no doubt that- he would
produce 'an entertainment that would set gravity lit defiance,—
Mons. Devitt' 'the stage manager, takes his benefit on Friday
night:
Ttia-AsiPHITHEA TK E.—Things are goitm on very steadily at
' this theatre. Several novelties have been produced, and•ene.
ceisfullv performed. Mr. Neville- sustained the part of Sir
-Simon de Montfort, the Blind Beggar of'Bethhal Greeen, in•the
celebrated piece of that name, on Friday 'night, • in. a Manner
that would have done credit to tiny theatre. Onthat night
" a young lady" made her second appearance "an any stage,"
as a singer, and sang "The Hose of -Allandale." She- peeseses
a god voice; hut, embarrassed by' the novelty of her lituatiOn,
-she was ineapal?le of making a good use of it: She wants drilling,
and has a great deal to learn and sometbing to-unlearn. !rite
proprietors benefit night, on 'Tuesday, was, we are happy to
find, a good one. •
• THE LIVER THEATHE.---Mr. F. 'Carman; the'boxkeeper of
this theatre, takes his benefli On . Friday night, When, it will be
seen by-U reference to his hill of fare, he will be assisted by the
strength of the house, fir the purpose of enabling him b, amuse
such of his friends as may honour him with their comp:inv. As
an official, who manages well the business of his particular de-
partment, and studies to firomote the comfort and convenience
of the freqUenters of the Liver, he deserves to be supported.

TO THE EDITOR OF TILE. LIVIARPOOL ST4NO.IIID.
Sttt,--lr:the last, number of your publication appears a letter
signed a Ship-owner, which states that I ".110 applied to. the
authorities of customs for liberty to reekmafe any
,vcesel that I
mag suspect to coutain contratiaul.goo6, .Jo your next I
trust you. will afford me space to asstirS Your correspondent that
the statement. is ipttqly untrue, unit in rmilyi to the, query he. puts
by, w.ay of postscript to ,say, that the duties
.of my office are such
as to furnish me with full employment, and to render it unne-
cessary that I should seek to oguient them by an ;ritek r inter
with aq,tither department.—l Ain, Sir, your obedient servant,
DOWLIN'O.
Dock Police Um, bith garch, 1f;5••

. . .
AssizE CstartnAa.—The following is an analysis. of, the
calendar--t.he;Salford hundred list tiontainsls cases, of wtich
fain'
awl slaying', two for bigamy, ope for assault,
one' are for killing
for uttering, a",forged :check, one for rape, the,remainder
burglary arid 'robbery. The West Derby and Leylandlist con-
Aaius, seven cases five of which are for killing and slaying, the
.oilier for felonious uttering, and a conspiracy. 'The Lansdale,
AmOundernesi, Blackburn list has seven cowl, of which two
are fir killing and' Slay,ing, the rest tor' various offences. The
murder ligt has seven cases, and there are seven mint 'cases; in
all fifty prisoners. have great satisfaCtion.in saying,
.that
the town of l'res.tun not identified with kiln& case In the
calendar.—Preston l'rlot.
MANcIiEsTER TkiEATRE.—Mr:' Baker had N bumper
house fur his benefit on Monday evening. O'Keefe's comedy of
Wild Oats, was admirably played by all the principal per-
formers. „Mr. • Browne's Hover was full of spirit; Sir George
Thunder was ably sustained by that wend performer.
Granby;, Mr. Chapliti'a John nary Was a neat bit of finishett
acting; and Mrs. Shaw we have never seen to more advantage
than in Lady Arnaranth; .1%11.. Baker's Ephraim. Sinnotli WaS
too strongly caricatured. «'e, wish this part were cut Out of the
play ; it is a revolting excreSceure; besides ministering, to a
gross prejudice against a highly respectable claSs.-LA new in-
terlude called Frank Fox followed. 111 r. Hoskins played
the hero, who is a thorough spurge on any one who gives, or
who will suffer him to take dinner. We do not like the
acting of Mr. Iloskins. It is even too coarse for such a part.
The performances concluded with the (pot very) "new farce"
of I'. P. or the Man and the Tiger, in which the. admirablyacting of Mr. Browne and Itlr. -Baker kept the audience in
laughter and dismissed them in good ;humour: A:lac/tester
Chronicle.

DUNDEE.--WRIRLWIND AND WATZR SPOUT.—Some days
since our coast way visited by the most severe, vthitlwind and
waterspout that have ever been experienced here. Its devasta-
tions were chieftv.experienced at the Haien; vi here five fishing
boats were dashed to pieces, st.me being literally split to shovers.
About the same time a blark and remd.kable looking cloud was
seen out at sea, beneath which. a magnificent water spout made
its appearance. •

•
. r .
. .
• •
. • . •
' - , . •• , .
•
, 4 .
- •
~• . . .
. , THE LIVERPOOL S'I'ANDARD. , •
• ~_ ••...,..•....•• ~. . , ,•„ , .
. .
, .......--------- - _...._ ......
tramenotstorsarostrumnitraromerstoes-mgwomm nrassalastrientime am minettimeamilammlsemarommannatm a5..........m..-4......".." .
.
ASSIZE INTELLIGENCE. . ' CUMBERLAND. FLORAL SOCIETY. • • , , . , ..
MURDER OF A WIFE BY HER HUSBAND.-John Peal-son, , - mport. , aVittt.
----- .•
. -
'LANCASTER ASSIZES. aged 47, was placed at the bar, charged with the want murder On Wednesday la,st, the annual meeting of the above society • -.se,
betterfully • -- . - ----... .. . . of his wife, Jane Pearson, on the 11:h October last, at Randy- took pace at the Clarendon Rooms, South John-street, R. W.
.CHINA. . LIVERPOOL COLONIAL MARKlia', Mang 13:
lands, near Brewton., Preston, Esq. in the chair. The accounts of the receipts and Jumna, Pinder, fm Canton, With 150 hf chts 30 qr chts bohea, 1077
chts congou, 338 chts 7.51dd-its twankaa:, 102 chts 341 bxs hyson, 250
det':iteipretiohnassobfesennotlnv,erayagtodsals demand
aiooonfort
ttohei.6loidhdhlidong
Ban.dp.
The assizes for this count. comrdenced on Saturday last be- -
From the evidence it appeared that the deceased was the pri- expenditure having been read, it appeared that the society was !'
hf Olt f-lt • 1
/Ore Sir James Parke and Sir C. H. kldersou . , Barons of the
sorter's second wife, to whom be had been married about six in debt to the amount of as, and there remained a balance in
ehon ;it:a egzhelai, 240 has orange pekoe,
.1 lax patio and 1 bit pou- one half of which are of the new crop of Barbados, without chatere in
Exchequer. The high sheriff, Thomas Clifton, Esq., of Lytham- weals. only, and that on the night of that day the, prisoner had, the hands of theareasurer of only £l7 18s. Bd. .towards it. .Mr. 'r anti J liroiettehAvninT67qcrwP23,4 e(V.ivneohenit,a rlTA.c3l7„bs Aroa;:if silk,e
its 1,000 except in fine, which are lower. In Bengal there ire no sales, •
hall, arrived in the town about two o'clock, accompanied by his in a fit of Jealousy and intoxication, beaten his wife in a savage Myers moved that the exhibi.iuns of flowers, &c. during the &ME, bohen, 50rehts 51 hf chts pekoe, 141 etas 100 hf chts twankay, In Foreignbageholairitius have been
e cilsposed of at 54s 0 58a 43.' cwt.
- and inhuman manner -ensuing year, should take place at the Zoelogical Gardens, and 330 his sonchong and 78 chts hyson tea, T Ripley-360 (dins twankay . -Nu trasiictionsnli.aysaelebeiseiV e
reportedsts einrnitimobLukcsos,Esat the quotations.
yeomen and several CR rriag es of friends and'neighbours. About „ . • %Jr,
of of thew itnesses, ttachael Whitehead, who lived in the stated that the. proprietor, Mr. Atkins, last.year offered to erect a tea, Murray, Sytne and -"co-117 hxs con•-COPFEIL-The
gou tea, J Bartholomew and ottly sales to report of Plantation are 30 casks of Jamaica and 30 bags.
•
six o'clock, the high sheriff proceeded to meet the judge, Mrs -same house as the prisoner, and occupied a' room adjoining to temporary heading for the convenience of the exhibitions and co-, 9to hf chts congou, 200 qr chts souehong, 11'1. circhts pekoe and 100 ofl Demerara., at the quotations. There has been more inquiry for
find a band, Sue on.y reserving to himself the sum of Is. for each ?t,cxhfasnosranziesttis3enkauoedtte.a, 17pk ge tea,.l.bxpreserves, Ihx ivory ware, Foreign, and the transactions consist of 250 bags Brazil, 140 bags St.
Baton Parke, on his way from Appleby, who arrived about his apartment, gave her evidence as. follows :-I heard the pri- Ids raw silk, Cropper, Benson and CO-.0 Domingo
person admitted on the occasion. If this offer was fulfilled, it and 120 bags Maracaibo, at rather higher prices.-In Cocos,
half-Oast, and immediately opened the commission. ,fir.• saner quarrelling on, but. I did not hear the wife say much. In as china ware, 20 pkgs presents, Order-P Dk
the morning he threatened me too, though I had not interfered. would be a great saving. to the societ•y,. besides offering greater °Malta, or PEPPER no sales -A small lot of PIMENTO 801,1 at the
AFRICA: qstotations.-250 puns, of ROB!, (chiefly Demerara and Jamaica,) have
Baron Alderson did not come from Carlisle. until some time I would, no doubt
inducement to the public to patronise it, am
I was in my own room when he began to threaten me, and hedoubt, Robert, Smart, fm Africa, with 84.2 cks palm oil, 1239 ps redwood, bden sold at the quotations.-The business in Rice is limitedo 170
afterwards. On Sunday morning _their lordships attended was iu his . own room; I had seen him after be came in-he increase the number. of visitors, consequently increase the 336 elephants' teeth, It Zwilchenbart an' d•C PDk hies of ordinary least India at ills' 10e tid de cwt.
amour of their receipts. Mr. Horsfall, jun. objected to the • The sales of TEA are postponed to Tuesday, the 24th instent.
divine service at St. Mary's Church, attended by the high opened the minor to come into my room, but as I was not willing WEST INDIES s-IND . MADEIRA.
sheriff, the mayor and corporation of the town, and a large hod • . -"Assoon
he Went back. Ilestitreatened me, saying to his wife, . removal fel' the present of the exhibitions from where they had Cheshire. Mot-Then, fm Barbados, with a9B hds 4 tcs sugar, Bar- at steady prices.-Of
The demand for INDloo has been limited, but the few chestsaold are
bras h•th t hld h 1 '
i er o e , t o
nset exchange, as t iere was everyLAC Deg, 20 chests sold at 9d 0 17d, ir.o • cording
as I have finished thee, I'll finish her"-menning tie, for thereil, Irlam and co-4 tide do. Gibbs, Brighte and co-3 bxs saccades, 2 toi ult
of gentlemen. The service was read by the vicar, the Rev. J was rig one else there but me to finish, though he had not men- Ppect. of having the of the new botanic' gardens next bya.arrowroot, Order-.P Dk .
nt li awiy...77A public sale of on chests of Sirei.L LAC went at an advance
7s 6d ip eivt.-100 bags of GALANGAN RooT brought 29s 6d per
Manny, and the Rev. Richard Watson Robinson, incumbent of tioned my name particularly. I heard him in the night licking year, for such occasions, which was a much more appropriate Plicenix, Hartley, fm Demerara, with 350 hds sugar, 40 pns .rum, cwt.-80 hales of SENNA 31d r tb, 70 boxes of Cssela Lioesa.63s, 17
ace and- ever accommodation was romised them. The 220 pns molasses, W and P Shand-80 bales rotten J Bolton-20 eliests f Goer
o Aletut a 12s fid. and A few boxes of Star ANNIsERDS
Lytham, preached the usual assize sermon, from I. Samuel, ii, his wife. I heard the strokes in my own room; they were not -
main object of the society was lost sight ot-it was not so much b . , It one
.at fortnerrates.-SALTPSTag has been in good demand, and Ix2oo bap
very heavy strokes II heard him a great many times-it is itn- bath, Tmne and co-1300 eoker outs, J Jones and co-River
15, 16, 17. • The rev. gentleman commenced by saying that the ~ „ • ,
~ , • •h f of a itlecuniary nature as to promote the science of horticulture, sold at steady prices.
possime. to say now man. st was an miring that nig t, rom •
lives of holy men of old, as we find them recorded in scripture, the gOnday till Tuesday morning between eleven and twelve whit: could-be done nq where so well as where he mentioned. SOUTH AMERICA:- • . 56DvawooDs.-There has beers but a moderate demand for LOowoon;
show us the advantage of taking the God of Jacob for our help, o'clock; I was kept awake all the nights I did not take my As to theirf pecuniary arrears, he was convinced it was owing to William, Lunnan, fm Maranham, with 1853 bags cotton, Moon
Bros•--50 do, Burn and tons of Campeachy sold at 1.1 158 e£B ss, and 29 of Jamaica at
c 10741,4), T.llesketh-127 do, Order 83 do, f-P o£s 5s mtes ton; lto tons of Cuba Powite• at £7 7s 6d aLI 10s,
• and then referred to the judicial character of Samuel, -than clothes off, but laid down with them on, for I was afraid when the
inittweeallnt onueteseerltieioitninon
for the i artls of the mephibeeteahuoifnuthaeu coin-
eeu 36
8 brls Ibx isilass, J Haddon and co-9 brls copafba oil, Foster and rx? of S
ofevanilla at £4 Ills ; 30 tons
oof fine &PAN Woon at £l5; a
whom their never lived& more distinguished or impartial judge Whilethetasesuch. work as that carrying on in -the er room.
steered no place so sortable, as trelPneu)wnls.:otanic gardens for the 13aorintag samples cotton, 1 prcl conts unkn, Order,,-311 Dk
NicaiXies.
andßvevdotaaptsArtooon.atfite,rs some 1
Inaelte=lorittnel "id-
D )sey, Coxon, fm Monte Video, with 3 3 salted o and price,
h heatiog was goiog on, I only heard the wife call out
-to his meaner of going on circuit and administering justice once-she called. Out " mustier." once; but no More; that was exhibitions, hut, notwithstanding, he thought it advisable for c hides, 590 lens salted horse hides, 12085 horns, 2472 bones, 3 hrls of TURPENTINE; 760 brls. have been sold at 12a 3,1 for ordinary, to 12s
to the tribes of Israel, after which he returned home and•then all I heard her say. ..1 saw her the next morning, but he was thellt, to audopt any means which would tend to relieve them from salt bee ,f 41 his horse hides, 25 bls hair 600 dry salted ox hides '538
dry ox hides, 2 his m'dis E 1 Cris, ll'all and co-K Dk • - 741 for fair quality.-In Tax no saleS have tieen effected For 'Mon-
treal Pot ASHEs there is a fair demand, and 130 brig.* have found
built an altar unto the Lord; and then he adverteclao the great s gontsout-it was about half-past tight o'clock. She called out the
u debt under which the society at present labouted,and
'ot
ltd. Simpson, fm B!
is
with 50 i bags cotton, A Parlane-140 buyers at 34s 6d ei 3.15; Montreal Pearl Ashes are firm at 35s 6d 6 365,
advantags, both in a. legal and religions capacity, we, as a ilea .te .me that she would have a cup of tea, and l• took her one, . t
t than thing more likely to accomplish thisdesirable
_.ech and Harrison--420 do, Heyworth and co-20 do, 400 dry which prices have been given for 50 brls.-FeaxseHD for sowing hair.
the plan proposed. Besides if the were dissatisfied stilted hides, Golborne and Dobbs-500 dry salted hides, /I Miller- - been in fair request all week, and about 500 lilids. New York sold at
lion enjoy under the British constitution. We have an order ,watch she drank up; after this .she calledefor a cup of cold with
,
with Mr. Atlsins or his ardens, they could, very likely, avail 34 bgs orchella weed C S'Middleton-10 t rustic A Parlane-695 bags 80s 41* hhd.-Nothing done in Ceovees gap ; there are buyers of fine
of men seta part that the disPensation of justice may be well water. I carried her it, and saw her no more; she was then . s- .. . g ,
. • , , • • 1 American d . 60s but holders • • -
themselves of the kind offer f the new botanic gardens next
I' o cotton. 14 es retd goods 1000 cocoa nuts 3 bxs specimens natural his_ w re at . retinue higher rates.-A few
adsninistered, and, like_ Samuel; they are altogether exempt lying in bed, quite -naked as she was bolt. - She was hurt, but .o• f • , tory, Order-P Dk ' ' ' ' li. sls. of Philadelphia BA.RK sold at its.-No alteration in Bass' Wax,
fro
political engagements that they may devote their time and .1 -did not stop.. There was a vast quantity of blood about the theear. weal en moored and seconded that a deputation' ro to
It '' h Mary, Laird, fin Bahia, With 187 bags cetton, Hey-worth and e -11IDES:-The chief transactions consist of East India sorts at steady
soc sty wait on Mr. Atkins to know his terms, and what
talents to .their office • and, with an order of person's, it bed,• and upon her Person too. on different places. There was a ac- 606 do, 9• t fustic, 1500 hides, 12 ps rosewood, .Order-694 ps fustic, prices, viz; 10,000 East India Kips at 6d e flu for sound. and 3d 0 43d
commodation he' would afford them, and report the same to the Colborne
was not to be wondered at that there is not a ctsuntry under :blanket thrown. over her, but I did not raise it up. I saw bleed and Dobb.s-K. , for wormed and.rbbed, 4,300 dry Java at 7*d 0 71d for light, and 414
meeting. Mr. Horefill moved an amendment of an opposite , • 1 to 50 for heavy, 7,700 East India Buffalo at 41d 4 tad for light, and
heaven where the laws- are so impartially adiniuistered. We upon her neck, her face, and different places. She bad a capUNITED STATES. . 31d. 0 310 for heavy, and 1,000 dry salted Brazil at 5d 0 51d for sound,
have magistrates who will call offenders to trial, juries who will. on her heed. When she took- the water, she said she wanted nature.- On itslieingput,. the original motion -was . declared to . • •
~ George, Bartol, fin New York, with 921 bales cotton, T Wilson and -The sales of Buenos Ayres boas E HAIR are extensive, sitef 1l
X a conecientioas verdict., and judges who will award punish- iso morethat was all she said. •I went into my own room, and liasre been carrieda-Mr. Gandy moved. that no person, residing cp4.3.5. do.. Waddington, Holt and "co--294 do, Phelps, James and co prices; viz. 17,,hales cut and stump tails at Hid 0 1 ltl2sdo!d,goll
ment, but, at the. same time aeuspered with mercy. The iey. saw her no more. Soon after her husband came back-about more than five or six miles from Liverpool be allowed to exhibit -IF,dtwtrn flaxseed, Order-K Dk .. .
,:eaixed at B#d id 91c1, 55 do. short to fair- mixed at 7ko id SR 45' do. '
any oh-eta, &c. at any of the shows, as it was quite impossible
IclisonAfr New Orleans;
_vrjth 851 bales4cotton, Keill and Rio Grande at •7fd 0 711 d, also 4 bales Cow Hair at 610 SY lb.-,-The
gent leinaii- then turned to a consideration of the religious 'privi- nine o'clock. Ilejwent into his own room again, and I heard CourantL4
for those in the neighbourhood who supported the society, to Taylor arid co--30 o, Order 72 8 do, J Ridgway Zoahscco market continues very firm, and the sales consist of 190 hhds.
leges whiih we enjoy, whichare superior to those of the Israelites. no more till he began to -threaten he would kill both her and and PdDk °'
compete with those from a distance unless some such regitislati
The state takes cure that there shall 'not merely be one altar me: ' I saw him and spoke tubina, and he said nothing amiss to ° - !stored, Ginger. fm New Orleans, with 1000 bales cotton, Cropp r, Virteienirae-at
home-trade, mosneduslatn,' 26 lirs.
forfor Ireland, all
was made. Persods came forty or fifty miles and broag t withKentucky leaf exportation.,
raised but many, that all ma have the opportunity of worship- ine-s--that was before he went into his own room.. When he .gotßenson-and co-l 6 do. Martineau, Smith and co-26 'do, T M`Teear •
them the choicestsflewers, &c. of twenty or thirty individuals, and epas-123 da,- J Cooke•and Sons-G Dk I. . . MEDITERRANEAN
PRODUCE.
iog God in their own iinmediate neighbourhood. We have in, he began again to beat his wife. I beard the islows again.. , - - 'pile demand for BritaisTosse has been limiteildurine the week but 1
ministers whose peculiar privilege it was to point the way to i could not say whut, they were struck with. • I-, heard 'them till and carried away alt the prizes, which they divided amongst
,;_iaaistr,,,,
tßaantt,riase,, f49Sdaovat4net, 142 th 1211 a balc7 cotton, .Colltrianni ,
, the prices of all descriptions haye been fully por up teds-The . has 1
ern on thearreturn.-lhe chain:eau was certain that therules, ,
heaven „and ..t.te exhort sinners to Walk in that way. He then about eleven o'clock, when I went out to go to" Mra. Barn- P' II .Garston and co -536 -do, Sands,i liro-deson°lndrcleoer-35
0,,11 Iti,_. been a fair demand for Sicily Siimsc, from 12s8641•0 133, according to '
exhorte.d-hic heaaererin a meet earnest manner, to repent and father's.. ~ . .. :, if acted up to, were sufficient to prevent any such occurrences a eo--852 do, e a quality.- ARGOLS and Ctrs -' f TAIITeR have been '
sal o .. but little inquired.
son and Sone-200 do, Waddington, Holt and co-100 do Baring, Tiros f ' M ' .
- 1 '-'" as that ntvc in lei ed of, and recommended the withdrawa of., --) pr.-. ADDERS and MADDER ROOTS of fresh import and good quality
turn to God,-anst peiuted out their that responsibility in.pro- Mr. George Gill, a.surgeoh, proved that, the wdands-infitted 9. for 9.P, i 1 . . and tto-13 Dk
the mdtion. the'S present. Mr. Horsfall. said be should de- Fisluirs"Jacksons-sf W'l ' t with rl bales , ~ Have been more saleable,' and must be quoted rather higher,-A email
fessing:superiot,talentsthaLit WaS their duty to set a good ex- ou the deceased'iVtra the cause of her death. . ni . i ming on, a cotton, Wain-
cidedl o oil ••
Bata inotitr.n .tii it would in his opinion, tend ht•and=Rhiets4-400-' . - -
eks. flume& T and I'D Thoriaely4.4oo-bris lot. of good Smyrna VALONIA has been sold at £154, ton .-A few
ample to their. petage.x. neightsours-s-;-ittaironsote as much as pos- The jury fotind the prisatim' guilty, and the learned Sir jas. YPs ... , ,sae- -' e, • ' -• hd tu *t' • 178 brl casks of Flag ANNA-no have been sold at 2s 4d 4, th For Or.. Vg 0 '
greatly to.injure the socfety.' L..hernotion was then wit rawn, met? El,
Bible the education of the peisptesfer rt *as among the unedu- Parke immediately, proceeded to pass the awful sentence of weiteirnaseott. took,str,fint at
Charleston
Dk . . ,ltere, - , There has been more inquiry than fur aorne time ptist, hut wait:nit an;
on rim understanding that it ehonid be ,again brought forward -, wish 24350 busl/els.roisah rice, - -
cated that crime and in debt prevailed; and by educating the death which. was carried into execution. on Friday. Watson Siinpson and co-:)33 bales cotton, ode 30 cl G Atli' . alteration in prices; the demand has run chiefly' min the lower descrip- .
'
on Monday:. A deputation, • consisting of, Mr. Myers, Mr. o, r r•s•-, o, seson tions.--,Srnall parcels of SEAL 011. have been" taken at the quotations.
poor they might depelld on it.they would de more for the pre- ' ' THR-CULPRIT'S ACCOUNT OF HIMSELF.-21) do, 1 0 Jahnson and C.' 54 do ' . Raring, Broa and ,co.-ti do. D-In Cb 0
and y, Mr. Henderson, end Mr. Whalley, was then appointed Latih-49 C10.!.W Stewart-140 n it 'nothing clone.-SxerrOi Ls are in steaslydemand.-e-Therei
vention of crime than bY the punishthent of offeoders. In con- The following account of the culprit was written by his own' ..P do ' A Tayiortituleo-61 do. B 'Smith '
• to wait on Mr 'Atkins and the meeting was adjourned to Mots- and Sons-100 do, 1 half barrel 'clean rice,.Priestley, Griffithand 'has been less business done, this, week in PALM OIL ;- prices 'remain.
elusion, he appealed .to them whet
they- were prepared for hand the night before his execution. It cost him great pains, • , '_, , r
~•._. ,
~ . without alteration.-On. of TuRPENTiNE is in good request.thisie
k ' i •when officers Cox--P Dk
day nest twelve o cloc ,to receive taw report,_.
that great aria solemn assize of quick and dead, when it would., and was frequently altered, anal portions erased, before it was gli Whitney, H • -'' , - with
Hues to meet a moderate sale st £)7 for Petersburg egel am Jute _
for 'the ensuiug year will be elected, days appointed on winch the ding jun, fnaSsavannah • with 1183 balest-pdeket is' • • ' -
be demanded of them how they had used the taleuts committed delivered u h dying acknowledgment.llrequested it
. p as.. is • e cotton, W CMolvanreux.l" ib '•
• ' ' '.. . • .0' Ales do, Cellmann, Lambert and co- p
less inquired for, and 100 bales sold at a decline 'of 20s tr. ton.-In
'unto them. . 'might be published:- .- .., shows will take place, &c. , . 64 do, Wainwright aed.Siltiels-125 do, Order-P Dk •- •►•LA we have no transactions to notice.--There Ilse appeared less
MONDAY, :MARCH 15. "I, John Pearson, was born in Carnwood, near Haltwhistle, •- . ADJOURNED MEETING. • • Vtraverlt;y, Phi
- -liPa...fife. !ohne With 200 hales cotton, 16.itipe arinqiiiry for Tataaaw on -the spot, and the prices rather 'ewer; some
At • a quarter past ten thii Morning, Mr. Baron Parke took in the county of Northumberlaud, aged 47 years. My father Yesterday the societ •again met for the purpose of transact. Smith and co-448- de, Samls, Hodson and co-25 do, T and fii:' •husiness has been done for arrival.
his seat on the crown side, and, after the necessary form had died when Iwas te the ofl • I business,3 ag
disposing of the motions made on
n years of age. At age thirteen was log genera and Thornely-4 do, Wainwright and Spiels-100 do, 'Fisher, Bros and co.
. -500 do 4iskae Low and co-100 do, Roskell, Ogden and cu-201 d - . LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET. MARCH 13.
'been tomplied with, the following were sworn of launched into a ivorldspf vanities: I first couarnenced with my Wednesday. A letter was received from Mr. Atkins, the pro- Order-(v Dk ' - o'.
THE GRAND JURY. dog and gun, and continued this sporting system for upwards of prietor of the Zoological Gardens, offering the use of his esta• Tamerlane, Farnham, fm Savannah, with 564 bags cotton. Isaac, coati We have had a fair extentc demand
done
_this week, and holders
Edmund Hornby, Esq., Dalton-hall, foreman. thuty years; for which I often paid dear for my folly by sundry b
lishment for the society's show on very liberal terms. The, ~s.ow and co-175 do, T Wilson and co-tl do. Fisher, Bros and eo- :o nn: trneet,nt naoeen thetaltereny auctiony at
to itaydyAioroieteuctuortLaLt quooo-t
Lord Molyneux, Croxteth. imprisonments, fines, and attended with much slavery, and meeting; however, after some discussion, were of opinion that. lodoorldfaxarctyArcid Jerdein-90 do, Colheann, Lambert and co-?!1 of 3,300 Surat offered, were sold at prices similar to those obtaine'd by
Thos. Richmond Gale Braddell, Esq., Conisheal Priory, often even at the peril of my life. At the age of about eighteen the interests of the society would be better served by the exist- 2.• private. Speculators have taken 2,000 hales Am, glean, 75 i Surat, and
siterlinere-,Johnsto ,' fm 'S.
Edward Richmond Gale Braddyll; Esq., Du. I fell into an evil habit of drinking, which is the mother of bitiop taking place at the Corn Exchange, as heretofore, and a Bros ancre 1176 do, T Wilson end
with
,3241,71 ble! cotton, Baring, 40 Egyptian, and exporters 1,000 Surat, 15a Am lean, and 200 Maran-
George Bigland, Esq., Bigland. • many evils and not easily to be shaken off. resolution was'
proposed by Mr. Alderman Horsfall, and passed -20 do, A Slater-P Elk I°n
' n co--1
°' Hobson and Sons ham. In addition to the above imports, aboaut 8,000 bales have arrived,
John Bolden, Esq., Flyning. • "It creates all' sinful and lustful desires, and those that con- to that elect, embodying a recommendation to the finance coin- Elizabeth. Hedson, fm New Orleans, with 131 hales cotton, Bu- but not yet reported.
Thos. Fitzherbert Brockholes, Esq., Claughton-hall.
.tinue.in the practice seldom fail to obtain to themselves utter mittea to reduce the prices. A vote of thanks to Mr. Atkins eballim. Laird and co-180' do, Keill and Courant-350 do, W and 3 ACCOUNT OF SALES AND IMPORTS OF COTTON,
John Chisenhale Chisenhale, Esq., Arley-hall. • ruin. 1 often profaned the Lord's Day and neglected the for his kindness and liberality, and also to the proprietors of the Brownand co-108 do, AlOton and co-S do, A Gordon ad co-289
Edmund Clowes, Esq.; Watson. . divine service of God,. who as the author of all goodness, and it Coin Exchange for the gratuitous use of the room,,was also do, Ridgway and co-P Dk • . "rows the 7th inst. to this day inclusive. '
Wm. Gale, Eart. Ligistburn-house. is he alone that can abstain us if we only call upon his name passed. It was then resolved that three shows should take place BRITISH AMERICA. sALES. 'IMPORTS.
John Foden Hindle, Esq., Wthalfold-park. with an earnest desire and serve him faithfully in spirit and during the season, the admission to non-subscribers being fixed Sarah, Sinclair, fin St John, NB, with 165 logs birch and 728 logs DESCRIPTIONS. ,Prvsly -this Sales
Tfils Prvsly.
Edmund George Hornby, Dalton-hall. truth.• In the course of these thirty years I was four years a at three shillings-, and that subscribers should be allowed to is- pine timber, 161 c 2 deals, 651 c2O staves, 7 ms lathwood, Gibbs, this Year Week of the week. Week this Year
Bright and co-B Dk
Samuel Horrocks, jun., Esq., Preston. ',gamekeeper in Scotland, and a „better situation no man need sue.•ladies' tickets at is. 6d. each. Mr. Gandy 's motion, alluded---- - - -
.Indus, Burnell f Halifax, . , m with 83 mine molasses, 14 pHs 2Ms fish Sea Island G • *ll7O 130 191 a 212
Georgia.....
Win. Ford Hulton, Esq., I-Fulton-park. wish for. . to above, that no persons but those residing within five or six oil, W Lindsay-K Dk Stained Ditto... • • 410 30 14 -17 . 5358 - 79107
George Jacson, Esq., Barton. ".Yet I could not be content, but gave myself up to drinking miles of Liverpool should be allowed to exhibit flowers, was, after ~. - SPAIN' AND PORTUGAL. Upland Ditto 5G300 6380 9-1 If
..
John Lomax, Esq., Clayton-hall. and women, and other evil habits created tisough the same, some conversation, withdrawn, the majority of the meeting con, ..1/iligent, Niekells, fm Cadiz,
with 2 his 7 hds 13 qr cks wine, It Alabama j 17760 1680 81 - 91 r
George Nlarton, Esq., Capouwray-hall. - until I was dismissed from my service. lat this time had a wife sideritig that such an exclusive measure would be detrimental to Zwilehenbart and en-16 Ma 72' hds 86 qr cks 3 bits do, Order-3bts Nlohile 9 - 114 . 1040 81787
James Pedder, Esq., Ashtoc-lodge. and two children, which I he'd during the four years neglected. the interests of the society. ,'6 hits 6qr cka do, J Davies-1 en: ck do, Zuluetta and co-4 hds 30 qe New Orleans 66400 7060 9- 12 ,' •
Shakspeare Phillips, Esq., Barlow-hall. I then enlisted to be a soldier, and, in about a year, the captain ereee5a5eae5e............... eke 20 In.'s do, It M' William-1 qr ck do, W'D 111 Andrew-100 brls Pernambuco , } . 131 - 141
9480 1120 /.3.* - 0 i 11157
Lawrence Itawstorne, Esq., Penworthatn, made me his servant. I remained with him about three years; • : do, M Palacios-5 es 30 bls silk and lavender, Gibbs, Bright and co Aricati and Ceara.. ...
Le Gewlre N icholas Starkie, Esq., Huntroyd• he then got me my discharge, at my request. CAPE OF GOOD HOPE. . --8 Dk
Ellen Jenkinson, Irving, fm Lisbon, with 2G chts 18 hf chts oranges, slaranham
Bahia and Alagaio .. 8520 700
114 - 128 1177 7321
34 -- I° 2220 454
John Plumbs Tempest, Esq., Tong-hall. " Through the.help of d I had many comfortable situa- - J Bibby and co-23 chts 23 hf chts do J Adam-• 134 bgs orchella weed, Saw,ginned - 121 7 •
George Wilson, Esq., Dallam-hall. - lions in my life-time, and I may say the greater gait of them with' the sight of
We have been favoured several letters front II Holmes and Sons-10 bgs wool, Roberts,'
Came and co-: do, 5 pps. Peruvian ` 3O 160 12 - 0 39
The proclamation against vice arid immorality having been dwindled away by excess of drinking. My former wife being Cape Town, all of which concur in describing that colonyas t lid wine, C and J Rawdon-I ppe do, T Stavert-3 lids do, 1 Davies, Para 9O 20 114 -. 12 80 702
read, dead, leaving five children and owe dead, (four of • whom are being in &frightful state of dismay and confusion. -1 do, D Hodgson-1 do, T Satferthwaite and co-1 do, Jee, Bros Demerara and Berbice, 640 0, -0 , •
' " CAPE TOWN, JAN. Bth.-I write to inform you of the tad .and co-157 bdls corkwood, S Wands -11 brig emits unkn, T Martin Barbados, . - -0 2917*
Mr. Baron Panics then delivered the following charge:- doing for themselves and one with a friend,) I was then left to
Gentlemen of the grand jury, the discharge•of your duties on ,myself and the world. I then came into the parish of Dentou, condition we shall probably be • reduced to in the course of a lemons,
• -1 bale bskts, NI Leicester-50 chts 106 hf chts oranges, 19 hf chts CJinmun West India 4230 . 0- 0
Order-K Dk shams - 193.
the present occasion will not, I believe, require any great'saeri- near Brampton, where I wrought for some time. Last of all I few weeks, as we expect to be all put under martial law, to . Carthagena - 20.•
fire of your time, but your duties, thongh not laborious, will cer- wrought fur Mr. Thomas Taylor, of Low-houses; a family re- prevent the progress of the Caffres to the Cape. We have .Cips - Austin, fm FRANCE.' ' Smyrna - 0 ' 28a0
taint y be painful, anti I regret to find that out of the cases In markable in both moral and religious duties. I was well used just received letters from' Graham's Town, stating that they are and Sone3' '2
do4.ireßarourddeaux, with 5 hds bran c'r-h7 hi'd Winter
Ezyptian 2410 120 16 -18 ..
i 8846
this calendar more than a majority both of the cases and -had -constant employment, I had the best advice and ex- in the greatest state of danger and alarm. The origin of the anna and Jones-40 cks 24aens do,e H 1 glo.%_C Townley- do, Vi- •
hoLs n-1 ck do, C Campbell
Sarat and Madras
the individuals charged are of that class of offences in which ample shown unto me. irruption of the Caffres is as follows :--A farmer was robbed and Sons-I8 cks do, Bond and Proctor -2 As 17 es do, D& T VVil- Bengal •• • ******* ••• • • • 40 7.-. 0 - •
tbe lives of our fellow-creatures have been •-sacrificed. lam " Being in a state of intoxication it is like a dream unto me, by the Caffres of five head of cattle, to recover which, the lis--20 es do, It Zwilehenbart and co-6 cs do, T and 11 Littledale and .Is'er qublic sale this day. •
sure that I need not bespeak your careful attention to all. these yet I remember of ill-using my wife, but not with intent to take commander of the town sent a lieutenant, with a few soldiers. epamsphrdspdaioli Carosbdie and Chetwode-1 hf hd do, - Laine-9 cks do, Demeraraira 2230 68 - -81
eases. They are very different, in degree, some of them having away her
._ life; although, through passion. and jealousy, and The
i,,.. demand
e wsaesveorpposed bth C#fi.es, and the result was au 1 A
do, H silynn-e 1 lind do,e •Ntrii,
Melly,folletsett4Bitlittndaochn.l Ikreinvsoosnt-3andekcos St. Vincent • -
g
resulted from acts of negligence, others from acts of violence being inflamed wilt: drink, I might have inflicted on her the b bt, I which at of them fell, This so much enraged them -1 hit do, Pemberton and Green-4 14 '
•pets do, Moore and NI Crete t- .
approaching very nearly to the mains animus, which constitutes wound that caused her death. 1 die in peace with all mankind. that they collected about 9000 men in the course of a few hours 15 cks 20 es do, Da Cost-15 cks 20 es do H Luetts-2 cks do, C 19199 * 22600 , . .19235 202468
the crime of murder, whilst there are other cases involving the " 1 thank Mr. Orridge for his goodness to me, and all who and we understand they have continued to increase until their. Siniso hds do, Ashburner afid Priestlei-20 hds 2hf Ints 2 c Its
reatest offence which can be committed on the person of an in- are under him have behaved well to me. number amounts le 40,600, who are now surrounding Graham's -3 ei don-21r4 cks verdier D and T Willis-5 pria 10 hds brany, MondaY Evening. 16th March.
alividual. In none of the last class of cases will you probably " Likewise I return thanks to Mr. Wilkinson, the 'chaplain, Town,• but- shave oot.as yet made an attack, although they are Laidman. Craig and co--4 hds do, Da Costa-2 hds do, H Lucas-8 Since Friday the sales amount to 6,000 bags, at full prices.' , ',A -
require much assistance from me. There are some of them in for his due attendance and his kind instructions for the welfare ,expected to do so every minute. They destroy everything they cks rgacks ti cc brandy, J Thom s -
Hall and co--3 pkgs cents unkn, 12 tea vine- lators have taken about 1,000, and exportere 500 bitles * * Pecu
'which the fact appears, from the dexositions before the coroner
, of my never-dying soul during the time I have been here, can. lay their lian'tls on, and revenge appears to be their only Va'na it I ittledale-lhis ch ponlo hf pps 1 cse samples brandy.
g esnute, - Laing-1 brl cheese Baden,
_ach _..._ - •- ' .
to be proved by direct evidence, an in these the only question " JOHN PEARSON." 'object, which they are determined to have. at the risk of every and Jenkinson-1 pkge embroidery, P W Gibsone-10 bls ' corkwood, . LONDON CORN EXCHANGE, Matteis. 13.
for sour consideration 'wilt be, whether you have any reason to -Carlisle Patriot. soul they can muster. We have been let to suppose that the W Morton-60 do, J Van Zeller and co-10 ng,s cut corks; eW
Apple- The market was scantily supplied with all kinds of Grain ; the trade
doubt the accuracy of the testimony given by the wittiessee. . CatTres are an inoffensive harrnless set of people, but they have ton-3 brls capers, 2es sulphate quinine, 10 hrls 20 es prunes, 6 Ines ruled extremely heavy. Wheat sold slowly.at a decliiie of Is, whilst
--
There are, however; some which are proved by circumstantial proved to be the reverse of this. I expect to be called out to vinegar, 1 cse liqueurs, 1 lid verdigris, 40 bls corkwood, 4 tea 3 cps for Barley there was a good demand, and, prices advaticed Is els 6d.
CONTROVERTED ELECTIONS. • brandy, Order-M. llk -Oats from Ireland and Scotland were " in good supply, burthere was
testimony, a species of tvideoce which ought always to be very aid in the defence of the frontiers-this of course Ido not .
scarcely anything doing; prices are unaltered.-Beana. Pease, and
. , ~_ „ _ sy_____
._,. much relish."
Flour are very dull and unvaried in prices.-Nothing doing in bonded'
. (.rain.-Nnt much done in Malt-Wetinnsibiv's prices ruled.

THR GRAND JUDY.
Edmund Hornby, Esq., Dalton-hall, foreman.
Lord Molyneux, Croxteth.
Thos. Richmond Gale Bratidvil, Esq., Conisheal Priory.
Edward Richmond Gale Braddyll; Esq., Du.
George Bigland, Esq., Bigland. •
John Bolden, Esq., Flyning. •
Thos. Fitzherbert Broekholes, Esq., Ciaughton-hall.
John Chisenhale Chisenhale, Esq., Arliy-hall.
Edmund Clowes, Esq.; Warton.
Wm. Gale, E!q., Ligistburn-house.
John Foden Hindle, Esq., Werxifold-park.
Edmund George Hornby, Dalton-hall.
Samuel Hermits, juts., Es., Preston.
Win. Ford Hulton, Esq., Itulton-park.
George Jacson, Esq., Barton.
John Lomax, Esq., Clayton-hall.
George Marton, Esq., Capouwray-hall.
James Pedder, Esq., Ashton-lodge.
Shakspcare Phillips, Esq., Barlow-hall.
Lawrence jtawstorne, Esq., Psnworthatn.
Le Gewlre Nicholas Starkie, Esq., Huntroyd.
John Plumbe Tempest, Esq., Tong-hall.
George Wilson, Esq., Dallam-hall.
The proclamation against vice and immorality hiving been
read,
Mr. Baron Panics then delivered the following charge:—
Gentlemen of the grand jury, the discharge of your duties on
the present occasion will not, I believe, require any great-sacri-
fice of your time, but your duties, though not laborious, will cer-
tainly be painful, and I regret to find that out of the cases In
this calendar more than a majority both of the cases and
the individuals charged are of that class of offences in which
the lives of our fellow-creatures have been -sacrificed. I am
sure that I need not bespeak your careful attention to all these
-cases. They are very different, in degree, some of them having
resulted froi'n acts of negligence, others from acts of violence
approaching very nearly to the malus animus, which constitutes
the crime of murder, whilst there are other cases involving the
greatest offence which cats be committed on the person of an in-
dividual. In none of the last class of eases will you probably
require much assistance from me. There are some of them in
which the fact appears, from the depositions before the coroner
to be proved by direct evidence, and in these the only question
for sour consideration will be, whether you have any reason to
doubt the accuracy of the testimony given by the witnesses.
There are, however; some- which are proved by circumstantial
testimony, a species of :evidence which ought always to be very
carefully considered. There are three rules which I may men-
tion for your guidance in receiving this kind or evidence,-Ist,
you must consider what factS are clearly and distinctly proved;
idly, whether any of the facts so proved are inconsistent with
the supposition of the prisoner's guilt; and idly, and lastly,
whether those facts exclude every supposition but a moral cer-
tainty that the prisoner is piny of the offence imputed to him.
If in any of these cases, particularly in the last; which will be
brought before you, you can reconcile the event with the sup-
position of accident, in that case it will be your duty not to find
the bill, if you cannot do so of course it will be your duty to
• fiud the bill. There is one case, a charge of wilful murder against
a person named Fawcett, in which it appears from the course
purined before the coroner, in which the act is attempted to be
excused on the ground of insanity; some witnesses may be
-called to prove the condition of the prisooer's mind at the tithe;
but you need not trouble yourselves with that inquiry, which can
be investigated much more satisfactorily. in public before apetty
_jury. The act passed for securing, during the King's pleasure,
persons who have committed a capital offence. whilst labouring
under insanity, does nut apply to-cases in which the grand jury
has thrown out the bill against the prisoner. Therefore if you
suppose that the prisoner ha,s done that which, if he had been. a
_person responsible for his acts would have amonnted to the crime
of murder, you will have the goodness to find the bill, and
leave all. other circumstances to be investigated in open court.
If that defence, which ought always to be watched with the
utmost jealousy, be then made out; if it should appear that the
prisoner laboured under a fit of insanity, he will then be secured
-under the act to which I have alluded; until his mind shall be
--brought to a proper state, or for the- rest of his life if he should
turn out to be irrecoverably insane.
There is one case, the murder of a bastard child, with respect
to which I do not know in what shape it will be presented be-
fore you, or whether one or the persons accused may not be
brought forward as a witness ; if so, you will have the goodness
to recollect that the declaration of one of the accused is only
evidence against the person making the declaration, and cannot
be considered by you as affecting the guilt or innocence of the
other.
The first case in the calendar is one of manslaughter, in which
you will have to consider whether the death of the deceased can
be clearly attributed to the blow given by the prisoner. It is a
-case in which manslaughter is imputed to a man for giving his
sister a kick on the.baCk. You will-have. to ascertain whether
. her death is to be attributed mediately or immediately to ;that
cause- If. you think that it is not it will be .a great. saving- ef
time and expense if von at.once. throw out the bill.
There is another i.:harge of a capital nature against a pereo,n
named Seffens, for rualiciously shooting at two persons nimed
William Greenwood and Hannah Greenwood, at Todinorden,
with intent to do them some grievous bodily harm: The ques-
tion for you to determine will be whether you are really satis-.
lied that that was the prisoner's intent. ,you
is evidence td
show that he fired a double-barrelled gun at the window Of the.
prosecutor, and you will have to say whether he did so with an
intention to hit diem, or merely to annoy them by breakiug the
window. If you are not satisfied that it was his intention to
shoot one or other of the prosecutors, you will save further ex-
pense and trouble by throwing out the bill. If your opinion be
different, of course your conduct will be different also.
There is another case of this class, in which it may be neces-
sary for me to offer a few observations. A person named' Lam-
bert is accused,of causing the death of a little girl, by adminis-
tering to her an-improper remedy. It appears that the deceased
had received aA.erioua burn in consequence of her cap taking
fire accidentally: -Lambert was a weaver in the neighbourhood,
mot, therefore, a person Practising surgery, but haying, as he
'alleges, cured several persons before who had beets severely
burned by. the application of a remedy in his. possession. In
order to prevent the necessity of calling in a surgeon he under-
took to cure the girl, and administered his remedy, which pro-
. duced convulsion, fits, and occasioned the death of the child.
The law with respect to cases of this kind is perfectly clear.
When a man undertakes an implied contract he, of course, pro-
fesses to be possessed of the requisite skill to fulfil his contract,
but it is not merely the absence of that skill,—there must be
some gross negligence or ignorance which produces death be-
fore we can impute to him the guilt of manslaughter. This is a
serious charge, for which a matt is liable to transportation for
life, and it ought not, therefore, to be • made merely on account
of slight neglect or comparative ignorance. With respect to
this particular case the prisoner was -not in a condition in which
be could be supposed to be possessed of mere than a certain de-
gree of knowledge. If he administered,a remedy which he haul
reason to beLeve would be-suceessful, and if be had administered
it before with success, it would be a strong measure to find him
, guiltv of nianslaughtsr. It wiil be your duty to inqiiire 'whether
'be hid on previous occasions used the same remedy with suc-
cess, and it' it appears that be had done so you will throw out the
bill ; if, however,
better to find the bill.
you are .not satisfied on that head it will toe
These are all the observations I have to make with regard to
the cases in the calendar. Some will be presented to you in
which the charge is forgery, and it may therefore be as well to
mention to you that, not long.ago, a statute was Passed on that
subject, which whilst it mitigates the severity of punishment,
also provides a remedy fur cases in which there was a frequent
failure of justice before; because it was then necessary to prove
that the offence was committed within the Fruits of
your Julia-
diction, and on that ground itfre
quentiv happened that,yersons
escaped, especially for time crime of actual forgery.
But the
-statute to which I have alluded, provides that in future every
person may be charged and tried for any offence, in the same
way as if it had been-committed in the county in which he is
apprehended. Therefore the only matter for your inquiry will
be, whether persons charged with this offence committed the
forgery, or disposed of the bill knowing it to be forged. In
either of these cases the offence will be complete; and it will be
unnecessary for you to trouble yourselves with any investigation
as to-the place where it,eoeurred.
These are all the observations which occur to Me at present
, material for your guid.sp e. If, timing the course of your in-
quiry, you should require any -further assistance from me, I
, shall be most happy to afford it.
The calendar, with respect to the number of prisoners, is the
lightest that hae been knoivn for some years at the March
assizes, but it contains several cases of great momen't. '!'here.
are 52 prisoners' for trial, of whom 7 are charged with murder,
20 with manslaughter, 7 with burglary, 6 with makilig and utter-
ing counterfeit coin, 3 with forgery, and '2 with bigamy,
Ralph Ward was arraigned on an inquisition for man-
laughter. The grand jury having ignored the bill against him,
and no evidehce icing offered, he was acquitted.
Potreamy.—'Thomas Dawson, aged 42, was convicted of
marrying one Cainerine Askin, his former wife being alive, and
-sentenced to one year's iinprisoement.
MANSLA UGHTKR.— The case of 'William Allen; -for killing
-.4trirl slaying a young woman with whom be cohabited, was pro-
-.reeding at two o'clock, when our report left Lancaster.

The following petitions haye been presented to the House of
' - r Commons:-
Places. Presented. To be considered.
1. Rochester, City
2. Droitwich, Borough
3. Dublin, City
4. Same (2d petition) March 5.... Same.
5. Same (3d petition) M arch 6.... Same.
6. Stafford, Borough . Feb. 25 .... Same.
7. New Windsor, Borough .. Same
8. Same (2d petition) March 6 .... Same.
9. Canterbury, City
10. Ditto (2d petition)
11. IFswich, Borough
12. Cavan, County
13. Worcester, City
14. Carlow, County
15. Cork, City
16. Kinsale Borough
17. King's Lynn, 13orough Same
18. Wexford, County 'March 6
19. Dublin;Uuiversity
20. Same (2d petition) March 10 ..
21. Litchfield, City
22. Ycaighal, Borough March 9 .... May 5.
23. Roscommon:County &me . Same.
'24. Same (2d petition) March 10 .. Same.
2.5.• Ennis, Borough
26. Same (24 petition) ......
27. Meath, County
28. Halifax, Borough
29. Same (2d petition)
39. Horsham, Borough ...
31. Bandon Bridge, Borough
32. Leicester, Borough
33. Gloucester,' City Same
"34. Cork, County ....
35. Same (2d petition ) ......
36. Monmouth, Borough Same May 21.
37. Same '(2dpetition) Same • Same.
'3B. Limerick, City. ' Same.
March 10',
39. Inverness, County . - •
40. Bolton, Borough
41. Kerry, County
42. Same (24 petition) Same " Same.
• 43. Rutherglen, &c. Boroughs Same
44. Worcester, Co., Eastern Div. Same • June 2.
45. Tralee,!Burough Same
46. Carnarvon,Borough Same
'47.. Newry, Borough March 12 .. Same.
48. Monaghan, County • Same
49. Belfast, Bcfrotigh (24 petit.) Same

'Another letter of the same date states, " that the 72 High-
landers; .Col. Smith, had advanced into the interior for the pro-
tection of the frontier. A proclamation was issued at Cape
Town, ou the 7th January, calling upon every man to consider '
himself a .soldier. By the last, mail from Graham's Town,
dated 2d Jan., a disiiatch had been received from Col. Somer-
set, who bad been obliged to quit all the forts on the frontiers,
after killing apeat many. Caflres. All the farmers had retired
to Graliant's'l own for protection, leaving all their property to
the mercy of the Caffres. The Caffres say that they can bring
185,000 men into the field. They are generally from six to seven
feet high and are for the most part very powerful and muscular
men. Their only weapon is the assayer, a lance tipped with
poison, which they throw with great precision, and seldom miss
their aim at sixty yards' distance. They already occupy 600
square miles of our territory. We have no fears for the safety
of Cape Town, as they will never be able to effect the passage
of the Blue Mountains. These indeed could easily be defended
by a few pieces of ordnance."
Extract of a letter dated Cape Town, January 15th :
" 'To furuish you with my candid opinion on the present state
of things here I am at a loss; what with the scarcity of money,
an overstocked market, the state of anxiety that the colonists
are in relative to the slave compensation, and lastly the incur-
sion.of the Caffres, things bear an exceedingly gloomy aspect,
and the greatest consternation prevails throughout the colony.
That the ravages of the Caffrcs will receive an immediate cheek-
there does not exist the least doubt; but the mischief they have
done is already most serious, and a long time must elapse bes
fore that flourishing district of the colony, Albany, attains it
former footing. Some of the most thriving settlers have had
their flocks stolen, and their houses buint over their beads-
in many instances all they have escaped with is their lives
The general opinion is that these misfortunes might have been
avoided had there ,been a sufficient military force to repress
them, and that the sufferers are fully justified in looking tol
government for compensation." ,
• Speaking of the missionaries the writer adds:—
" Little doubt exists that the missionaries have been far
from appeasing the minds of these savage tribes, and to them a,
great part of the mischief is attributed."
( From the limes of Saturday.)
We have received from a good source the following emit t facts
connveted, with the attack of the Caffres on Graham's-town
." The Crates,. amounting to nearly 20,100, made a bold suC..
den irruption on the colony, committing devastatiou,"outrage,
and murder, driving the ffocks-aud bards into the interior as
they seized them; small patties have met with a slight repulse;
from our troops, and sonic portion of the cattle have been re-
captured, but they 'have succeeded in securing 30,010 head of
black cattle, 18,0(X) sheep, and 1,000 horses. The towns of
Salem and Theapolis were abandoned.
'" By the last accounts (15th of January) the Caffres were'
within,eighteen miles of . Graham's-town, -Macona, their chief,
declaring death to the traders (including all the white inhabit-
ants) but to spare the missionaries. Lieutenant-Colonel Smith
had arrived at Graham's-town and taken command of the
forces on the frontiers, where a burgher guard bad been formed,
and placed themselves under the command of a Captain Smith.
Every preparation was made for defence, and martial law bad
been proclaimed in the colony.
" Rear-Admiral Sir Thomas B. Capel, K.C.8., sailed in his
' majesty's ship Winchester from Simon's-town on the 9th of
Jantiary, with the governor. Sir Benjamin d'Urban K.C.B
accompanied by his majesty's ship Tiinculo and Wolf, with
troops, arms; and ammunition, for Algoa-bay; and all the dis-
posable force had been ordered to the same point.
" Rear-Admiral P. Campbell, C. 8., was expected to arrive
in his Majesty's ship Thalia at the Cape in the latter part ef
January or early in February."

*hipping Intelligence.

FRIDAY, MARCH 13.—Noon, Wind W.B.W.—Light.

ARatvzo—Thomas Dempsey, Coxon, from Monte Video, sailed.
21st Dec.—Edwin, Wilson, left the Bar Ist Feb. ; and Morea, Gird-
le?, sailed• a2d Jan., from New Orleans—Asia, Rattray, Savannah,
sailed 13th Jan.—Walter Scott, Cook, Charleston, sailed 13th Jan.—
George, Bartol, from New York.

tornelia. Peck, from Yarmouth for this port, at Torbay. lost boats
and bulwarks.
Verdant, Brown ; and Thalia. Hammond, hence, at Leghorn.
Dee, Morgan, from London for this port, at Falmouth.
The Silas Richards, which sailed from this port for New York on
the Ist instant, has put back, having been in contact with the Sarah,
for Charleston, and will have to discharge.
Adah —. from l'ort-au-Prince for Hamburgh, at Falmouth.

LONDON CORN EXCHANGE, MAUCH
The market was scantily supplied with all kinds of Grain ; the trade
ruled extremely heavy. Wheat sold slowly at a &elide of Is, whilst
fur Barley there was a good demand, and, prices advanced Is W, Is 6d.
—Oats from Ireland and Scotland were in good supply, buethere was
scarcely anything doing; prices are unaltered.—Bean, Pease, and
Flour are very dull and unvaried in prices.—Nothing doing in bonded
Grain.—Not much done in Malt.—Wednesday's prices
Wht. 1 Brly. 1 Oats. Ryc. Bns. Peas.
AVIRRACIE a (Its dis d ad a tif,a d
Of trig weer 42 9 33 4r3 7 31 0 35 6 37 2
Of 6 weeks, regulating duty 41 0 32 7 22 2 31 0 311 2 38 7
Duty on Foreign . . . .45 8 13 10 13 92`2 9 IA 6 12 6

IMPORTATION OF CORN F,
Wheat Barley Malt
English 9075 5180 766.3
Scotch
Irish -- - -
Brit. Colonies - - --
Foreign - - -

TUB I.ll$T WT K.

Oats Beans { Peas Flour,
2557 1500 277 11861
9382 92 368 50
3355 "ter:

LIVERPOOL CORN EXCHANGE, MARcil 16.

The transactions in Wheat during the week have been limited, as
dealers have deferred purchasing in expectation of large arrivals.—
There was a very small supply of Oats, yet the demand was very
trifling, and prices the same as last week.—Flour at the-commence-
ment of the week was in some request, but the termination was very
dull, and scarcely supported its prices.—Oatmeal was very saleable
and 3d 6d dearer.—No alteration in Barley.

George, Day, from - for Liverpool, at Deal.
Fenico, Napoli, from Alicati for this port, at Mahon, leaky, and
must discharge. ,
Morley, - ' sailed from Bombay for London, 28th November.
Prinaem Charlotte, Kirby, sailed from Bombay for this port, 24th
November.
Malabar, -; Marquis Hastings; and Lady Raffles, from Lon.
don, at Bombay.
Annandale, Hill, hence, attomhav, 14th November.
William Nicol, Kincaid, from the Clyde, at Bombay, 27th Nov.

WHEAT, tr 70lb. s d s
English, new red, 5 10 0 6
.Do. old 6 0 .. 6
Do. new white
Do old 6 8 ..
Scotch, white 0 0 .. 0
Do. red
Irish, new red
Do. old. 5 0 5
Do. new white . • 5 6.. 6
Do. old 5 6 .. 6
Dantzig. red • •
Do, white
Stettin, red 0 0.. 0
Do. white ..... ,
Conigsherg, red 0 0.. 0
Do. white0 0.. 0
'Riga& Petersburg 8 0.. 0
Odessa
Russian, hard 0 0 ..• 0
Canada. red
Do. white
Bonded Wheat
Ritz, (trip. qr. English
and Foreign, free 30
Do. in bond • 0
BARLEY, 4r imp. qr.
English, Maltin... 34 0 .. 39
Do. Grinding,6o-iti 310 .. 4
Irish, Malting, do. 4 l .. 4
Do. Grinding, do. 3 7.; 3
Foreign, d. p. do.. 4 1 4
Do. in bond 0 0 .. 0
OATS, 4r 4.4 b.
English, new
Do. old •
Scotch. &c' new..
Do. old

OATS, de 45%. s d
Irish, rt. kilndried 2 11 0
Do. old do.
Do. prime, Mb
Do. do.. old 3 4..
Foreign, free
Do. in bond . 0' 0 ..
PEASE, 419 imp. qr. -
English, white
Foreign, white
BEANS, 11', imp. qr.
English, new
Do 014 3B 0 .. 42 0
Foreign, free
Do. in frond 0 0 .. 0' 0
Irish, new 33 0 36 0
Do. old'
MALT, 4, imp. qr.
English
llNntaN Corti*, im. qr.
Red
White "
FLOUR, 4,801 t.
English, fine
• 0 0.. 0 0
, Irish, 2ds, neer
Do. fine
American. sw'eet,
per brl. free 0 0.. 0 0
Do. in bond
110..Souy, free 0 0 .. 0 0
Do. in bond 18 -0 .: 19 0
Canadian, free
Do. in bond • . 0,, 0.. 0 0
OATMEAL, if' 240th.
English, new
Irish, new
Do. old 24 U .. 25 0
BRAN, 4lr 241 b . 0 11 .. 1 1

s d
32
3 3
O 0
O 0
O 0
0 0

4 .. 34. 0
0.. 0 0

o 0.. 0.0,
0 0.. 0 0

0 0., 0 Q
o Q. 0 0

LIVERPOOL PROVISION MARKET, MARCH 16.
There is little doing in either dry or pickled Butter,—For Beef and
Pork the demand is steady, and the latter we quote rather higher.—
Bacon and Lard have also improved is price.—Hams are unvaried.
a. a. a. Q.
Burma.—Belfast B6 0 4) 90 0 per cwt.
Banbridge 72 0 76 0
Colerain. .. 78 0 82 0
Sligo 7B 8— 80 0 ---
Derry 7B 0 —BO o —.—
Waterford, .....
Limerick ....... .. .
Cork 0 0 'B4 0
Do. pickled 2ds, new , 0 0 88 0
Do. dry 3ds, new
Newry Jr. 0 68.
Do.'dry Ist, new ' .
---
Dundalk..., 0 0 68 0
Carlow
BURP.-New Prime Mess 95 0 —lO II per tierce.
New India, 105 0 110 0
PORK
Do.
Baools, new
Do. old
nRy HAMS 4O 0 49 0 --
WET Do
45 0 47 0
Bladdered .... 45 0 48 0

LIVERPOOL AGRICULTURAL MA.RI(' ET, MARCH 16.
& d. a. cl.
Ilay 0 8 oa , OlO 4f 20 %.
New Hay 0 7 - 0 9 -
Cibver I/Ity -
Straw. Wheat.... ....... .... 6 4 -
Oat 0 3 -
..

Barley -
Green Clover. 0 0 . . 0 0 -
Potatoes
Cattle Potatoes 1 2 -
Turnips
Carrots . 26 0 -
51anglevvurzle 16 0 -
Manure 6 6 . -

An account of Cattle imported into Liverpool from Ireland from
the 9th to the 14th inst. inclugive :-667 Cows, 20 Calves, 150 Sheep,
49 Lambs, 6,191 Pigs, and 28 Horses.

WHOLESALE PRICES OF BALTIC AND All
LIV RR row.,
£. s. d. X. s. d.

TIMBER, 4' cubic foot,
Riga 0 2 6 q 0 2 8
Dantzig
,
Memel 0 2 2 0 2 3
American Pine .

Do. Quebec V O 1 Ai 0 1 9
Red Pine 0 1 9 0 2 0
Quebec Oak
Birch

fERICAN TIMBER
~.March 12, 1835. •

PLANKS, V' foot• of 2 inch.
Dantzig Deck
American Pine
DEALS, 4 standard hundred.
Beat Petersburg Red
• Do. White 14 10 0 15 0 0
Memel Red l6 0 fl 17 0 0
Dantzic & Swedish Red 14 10 0 15 10 0

PRICES OF SHARES, LIVERPOOL, MAncH 14, IS3::

Per shalt,
Liverpool Coal Gas l3OO 0 0
Liverpool New' Gas and Coke Company, £100
New Shares, premium £4O
Liverpool and Harrington Water Works
Bootle ditto
Exchange Buildings‘
Liverpool and Manchester Railway £lOO paid 193. 0 0 .
Ditto Old Quarters 25 47 10 0
Ditto New Quarters
Bolton and Leigh ditto - 100 80 0
. Ditto 25 20 0 0
War:tinOm and Newton ditto - 106 10 0
Kenyon and Leigh. ditto
Wigan Branch ditto
Preston and Wigan North. Union Line ditto 2O 5 0 0
St. Helen's and RtmOorn Gap ditto lOO 70 0 0
Leicester and Swannington ditto so 52 10 0
Stockton and Darlington ditto
Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Railway t 38 23 0 0
and Canal
Leeds,and Selby Railway
Grand JUnction ditto
London and Birmingham ditto
Bank of. Liverpool
Bank of Manchester 25 32 0 0
Manchester and Liverpool District Bank l3 21 0
Commercial Bank of Liverpool lO 13 5 0 ,
Liverpool Marine Apsurance Company 25 25 0 0
Oldham Gas Light and Waterworks
Manchester Fire and Life Assurance Co ' 10 10 0 0
Ocean Assurance Company
Northern and Central Bank of England .... • 10 10 2 6
WANTED.
. ,
Exchange Shares—Liverpool New Gas and Coke Shares—Mersey
and 1 rwells.

RICHARD 'DA.WSO.N, Bhare.Broker.

LONDON GAZETTE.—F RI DA Ir, iVIARon' 13.

DECLARATIONS OF INSOLVENCY..
Joseph horsey Ellis, Southampton, timber-merchant.
John Shrimpton Wilson, Agnes-place, Waterloo-road, London,
math-proprietor.
William Williams, Panteague, Monmouth, shopkeepi.r.

BANKRUPTCY ENLARGED.
William (Will, Liverpqol, share-broker, from March,4 to April II
BANKRUPTCIES ANNULLED.
Joseph Bailey, Snarsholt. Hants, cattle-salesman.
John Phillirnore Hicks and Charles Edward Hicks, Eastiftt46 .
,Gloucesteradre..clothiers.

J. DiOkisson; Nottingham, lace-mantfactuTin • •..
J. Le Couteur, St. Peters .Port, Giternsey,
BANKRUPTS, .
Henry Rowed 'and John William GreeiLshields, New Bond-street.
Westminster, • tallors—John Phillimore Hicks and Charles Edward
Hicks, East ington, GlouCestershife Norman,Burslcm.
Staffordshire, innkeeper--Frederick Sandon , Newgate.-street; London.
druggist—John Penn, Leamington, 'Warwickshire,- bookseller—John
Smitn, Wheatley, Oxfordshire, surgeon and avothecary-- David
Roberts, Pwllheli, Carnarvonshire, draper—Thomas Bumpus, jun..
Northampton, grocer—Thomas Bothwell, Manchester and BTackburn.
Lancashire, cotton-manufacturer—William Pleace,. Bristol, victualler
—Anthony Hickson, Doncaster, grocer—John Robinson and William.
Robinson, Burslem, Staffordshire, comnion-brewers..

DIVIDENDS. - -
April 3, J. Farmer, London, sugar-refiner—April 7, W. Haviside,
London, master mariner—April 3, S. Buttenshaw. London, ten-dealer
—April 3, F. Vouthier, Paris. merchant—April 6, R. Moore, Brighton.
hotel-keeper—April 5, R. F. Hunt, London, wine-merchant—April d.
J. 8. Stevens. London, plumber—May 1, R. Jackson, Newcastle-upon'
Tyne, grocer—April 9, T. H. Leeson, Douglas, in the Isle of Ma"
draper.
