LONDON GAZET7E.-TUESDAY, JUNE IS•

INSOLVENT.
June 17.—Edward Ledward, Liverpool, hat-manufacturer.
BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED.
William Parker, Leeds, grocer.
ANK RMS.
.•
William Allured, Live 001, tailor, June 29, July 30, at the CI ,ver
rp
don Rooms, Liverpool. Solicitors, Messrs. Miller and Peel. LOO.
pool : and Messrs. Taylor, Roscoe, and Turner, Bedford-row, Lon'
ovvell. Brighton, lace-merchant. •
Phillip East. Tavistock-street, Covent-garden, bookseller.
William Dudley Mott, Throgmorton-street, hotel-keeper.
William George Rolfes, Fenchurch-street, tobacco-broker. •
Samuel Sheasby, High Holborn, furnishing ironmonger. •
William Hull, Coventry, watch-manufacturer.
James Walter Pavnter, Manchester, dealer and chapman.
Benjamin Law N
arorthampton, biscuit-baker.
James Cross Richdson, Jeffery Richardson, and Richard Ric--
son, Manchester, commission-agents.
George Longinire, Barnard Castle, Durham, draper.
Samuel Molland Cog, Exeter, scrivener.

PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
R. Johnson, jun., and J. M. Cowgill, Liverpool. brick-rnal,rl;e'
J. Blackwell and T. Alcock, Claines, Worcestershire, lace-m.3000'
turers.—J. Alg,ar and T. Wright, Hawstorne-street, Goswell-roa<IL,.OP
nufacturers of hackgammon-tables.-11. Leg'ott and It. Green, '1;0'
coates, Yorkshire, bricklayers.—N. Thomas and T. Booth, 11,1ancbire'
ter, upholsterers.—E. Thomas and J. Dyson, Stayley. Ch` ire'
calico-printers.—J. Laister and W. Teanhy, Crowle, Lincoln'„ve
grocers.—J. Duckworth, G. Fairbrother, and I'. Williams, 1513,1---4,"
ter, calico-printers ; so far as regards the said J. Dockwonb,bris-
Campbell, sen., F. Campbell, jun., and T. Phillips, Beverley'', 011'
shire, attorneys.—G. Burman and J. Pike, Canterbury, brats- '':,o.r
ers.—J. Townsend and G. J. Clifton, Lime-street, wine-merelnt.,,/
C. E. Condy and W. Brown, Battersea. acetous acid manufaelol:„oel.
W. Lawton and J. Greaves, Micklehurst, Cheshire, cotten-,Coot
—J. Hobbs and J. Hobbs, hatters.—J. Richmond and R. Hicnkveo
Chislehampton. Oxfordshire, beast-salesmen..-W, Wood,
and G. Wood, Birmingham, merchants.
DIVIDENDS.
July 17, J. Gordon, Liverpool, merchant—July 9, J. Dillon 90'1c1
Steward, Mincing-lane, wine-brokers.—July 11, S. Harrison __Nil,
H. Graham, Alfred-place, Newington-causeWay, upholstereg.;opte,
,*
10, W. Chaldecott, Dorking, surgeon. —July 10, W. W• 1 co t'
Goswell-street, corn-dealer. —July 9, J. S. Peaks, Cambriag.cr:e.. ~,,eOl,
wainer..--July 10, T. Parsons, Bishopsgate-street-w ithin,
chant. —July 11, W. Morgan, R. Roach, and G. Morgan. Lei t3IV•
street. merchants.—.Tuly 9, H. Barwise, Great Newport-streel! 9, le,
—July 9, R. Wilkinson, Copthall-buildings. accountant.—
W. Tayler, Marylebone-lane, wine--merchant.—July 9, "' bar'
Greenwich. tavern-keeper.—July 11, S. Castleden, L:mehoths,i'• 10,
—July 11, R. Walkington, High ITolhorn, upholsterer.—Ji-13.
Morgan, jun., Knighton, Radnorshire, woolstapler.—Jul,„," 'lo6,re
Shepherd, Beverley, -Yorkshire, dealer and cliap4,,,r. g
Brookes, Hereford, hotel-keeper.—June 28, 11. Sheen, Leice.,,t, 10toi,
cer.—July 17, J. Gloucesterhd, Lancashire, draper.--J1,14 J.
Hyde, Horsley, hire,. cloth-worker.—July 13,
Stoke-Innis, Dorsetshire, miller.—July 10, Sir W. Elford., ,
Tingcombe,' and J. W. Clarke, Plymouth; bankers.---Jn Yx,11.0",
Mayspn, Keswick, Cumberland, nurseryman.-411102, Aust
Vtem, Shropshire, cabinet-maker.—July 10, J. Corbett. of
'Warwickshire, cattle-dealer.—July 20, E. Halsall, Bri't°l'
maker.
CERTIFICATES, Jimv 9. i'eo
T. Weatherill, jun., Liverpool, surgeon.—A. Norton,
street, Manchester-square, cabinet-maker.—C. F. Thoinys'- ~trc
Wood-street, Cheapside. silk-warehouseman.—W. DieklUS,l ,
street, warehouseman.—J. C. Pelham, Shad Thames,
wharAnger.—B. Brown, Leeds, flax-spinner.—il. 1. beoll'ccerri.
tallow-chandler.—.l. M. Collins, Knightsbridge, livery-sta.? 00..cer,
T. P. Medwin, Ilartlebury, Worcestershire, dealer and cht
Evans,Claines,Woreestershire, horse.-dealer.—J. Edge, PG"'

Ni:Jr 21, Is 33

TO CORRESPONDENTS.

- -
We should have much pleasure in inserting the letter relative
to the combination clubs signed a " Subscriber," provided
he would put it in such a grammatical form as would make it it-
, telligible. It is unlit for the STANDARD in its present shape.
.
To all subscribers who have reason to complain either of
the non-delivery or the irregular delivery of this paper We
shall be obliged by their informing us of the fact by immedi-
ately addressing a letter to the office. There are careless
immedi-
ately as well as careless agents whom we have it in our
Power to coerce when convicted. When the blame rests with
The post-offices we eon obtain prompt redress in the proper
quarter.

Zbe Eiberpoot 'tanbarb

FRIDAY MORNING, JUNE 21, 1833.

We have New York papers to the 21 instant. The
frresident we are happy to state, had nearly recovered
"n his late attack of fever which, in certain works on
Noyo/ogy, is termed the nervos-randolphos. They con-
tain nothing further .of anv interest. Our contempo-
4ries of New York call it the " cucumber season,"
which being translated means that " Congress is up,
411(1 they have nothing to do."

It will be seen that as Mr. BENETT, so has Mr. MARK
HlLlPS—failed! Lord AvrtionP has large powers of
deglutition we admit, but Mr. WM. RATIIIIONE and the
t
RUSSELL
petition stick in his throat. Even Lord JOHN
4WSSELL carefully keeps out of the way, perhaps, from a
sense of shame. The motion, therefore, in which Mrs.
off
and other parties are deeply concerned is put
,It to some day—not named—the Greek kalends, per-
flaps.
By the way, Mr. JOSEPH HUME, inadvertently perhaps,
'et out some curious facts, the other night, relative to the
tare--the very pure electors of Westminster,—those
of election
who have for many years solemnized the purity
election annually by a dinner at the crowcrown and An
Tavern, Strand. It appears that a large number of
these electors have been in the habit of having their rates
.41311 taxes paid previous to their voting foi Sir FRANCIS
t liltnErr and Sir JOHN CAM HOBHOUSE. Who advanced
le
money is not said. HUME knows, and so does Co-
liel EVANS, but they do not choose to tell. The natural
iilFerence is, that the unbought burgesses received the
buune.Y, directly or indirectly, from the unbought and un-
Ying baronets, who so long were " Westminster's pride,
an
d England's glory."
In
ti "Is grave case why is Mr. BENETT sick, or Mr.
(14411'1' silent ? If they want once more to search the
aarAk lanes and the empty barrels for proofs of bribery
the
corruption, here they have rotten Westminster under
t i.!l. noses. All we have to add is, that if Liverpool is
"e the subject of scrutiny, so must Westminster.

b in another place, under our advertisement head, will
he f°und a portion 'of the correspondence which has
'Bed
- between the unknown agents of the operative
tubs and some of the Liverpool masters. The proposi-
41s which have issued from the secret cabals, and the
arbitrary tone of their iniquitous demands, are of so dis-
f
„see•ni a nature, and, sans the method, savour so much
madness, that we can hardly bring ourselves to believe
that
they emanate from the workmen themselves. They
:Pear to us to originate with some secret incendiaries,
4110, distrusted by former employers, or detected in some
:Unguent propensities, and thereby expelled from the
general
0 body of respectable partizans, are striving to in-
he their fellow men in the'same ruin which their in-
-11144 Conduct has brought upon themselves.
ive say, is the most charitable. interpretation
.01.F'lleh can be put upon the Wild and illegal proscriptions
-; tile leaders of these combinations. If they were men
~‘,ltlrclinary sagacity, and presuming them to be honest
t.' conscientious men, they would at once perceive that
h°.Persist in these- insolent- Mid despotic demands must
oftnig destitution on the men, and the wives and children
a-. the men who are their dupes and their victims. But
;the style of their several addresses, and the threats
lerein contained prove that they cannot be respectable
tll4tme --
'Thelves, we are consequently pushed to the conclusion
they are artful and malignant demagogues—political
:11.e4 we strongly suspect, and hired for the purpose—de-
tlttote
of good principles, and • without any sense of jus-
•Ce or feelings of shame. We are the more convinced
this from perusing the " Address to the Public,"
c)itlea " 0. L. P.," and purporting to emanate from the
leratiee Plasterers. We shall take ,only two para-
41Pirs to show the animus of the whole address:
'v
COcousequence of the very unprovoked, unjust, and unar-
4table attack upon the privileges of our trade, we demand
:41,ensation for each and every day that. our employers have
,:t, or may keep us from resuming our employment. We
,114,. he paid in proportion to the wages we were previously
tl7hitig for; and from and after the 12th instant, all plasterers
111°Yed as journeymen by masters shall not receive less
Ilia': the Sum of four shillings a day each, as remuneration for
e t labour; and every plasterer placed in the capacity of
trllintendent of any job or jobs, shall receive the sum of for
9: and fourpence a day; and any master or masters who
Cr, or cause to be offered, less wages than those above
'''-edied (unless allowed 'our committee) he or they will
okr
iar cur indignation, and will be dealt with accordingly! Though
h 'wines and our children should e:chibit all the marks of gnaw-
tire and craving with uplifted eyes towards high Heaven
teauPd, not even then will we brook to comply to the persons who
i endeavour to perpetuate upon us such intolerable and debas-
wronns., I
e knave or blockhead, we care not which he is, or
itiebo he
-e, who wrote this, merits a more condign pu-
for-i.tent than the beggarly pittance of the workhouse
,Ife and a parish grave, which in all probability will be
t,4t• He is, in fact, unworthy of being tolerated in
41;11"west scale of society, for his principles are diabolical,
ol„ strike at the very root of social existence. We pass
wiethr the nonsense of pretending to fix any rate of wages
reßPect to a class of men, the labour of one of whom
woY be worth four shillings, and that of another not
,e 411 More than four pence per day. This is mere non-
Ilse, and ebullition of ignorance or something worse.—
The therefore pass it by to come to the threat.—
master who disobeys their mandate incurs their in-
i°4, and will be dealt with accordingly ! What is
tn:-"t bY this ? Do the plasterers mean to Burke their
e:ters ? In one word, do they mean robbery, or mur-
to;) `3'. both ? If so, let them speak out, and not deal in
..,_l,:eeaning threats. But disgraceful as this language is,
tl:cowardly and assassinlike as is the menace it conveys,
Ille
h worse remains behind. Their wives and children
are to be exposed
t_
" " gnawing hunger," and lift their
tart!, to heaven in vain
than b rather than accept one
to., ling Per day less than the four shillings ! Can the
vi'ldne who dictated this blasphemy, this insult to the pro-
;rad ce °f God, and who imprecates a curse on his wife
rea(rhii.ldren • -Can such a man be a Christian ?—has he
titot,,i is, bible ?—can lie read at all ?—was he ever in a
xfo'l r."-i8 he not a monster ?
tenti re brutal language, or more ferocious and impious
Istl,e,4.,ents, it never was our fate to peruse. If not
0.1.,"1ty revoked, they will bring down everlasting dis
on the parties who concur in them. Better have
Plaster on our
walls—better have no plasterers at all
that
tsbuch men and such sentiments. We sincerely hope
disa,° reflecting and respectable part of the body will
with 7then,, and retire from a contamination so fraught
)I°(lnY and ruin." We adclieSS ourselves to the
not t
the re bad--to the uncorrupted, not to the spy,
, nude] the profligate or the secret incendiary ; and
'ye warn those
I...est, who have any regard for their own in-
litt[a or any affection for their families, to wash their
tts clean of such unhallowed doctrines and such illegal
proceedings. They cannot do it too soon.

--,........._
i_ilt is impossible to conceive anything much more ridicu-
' is than
rta the attempts which have recently been made by
A In parties in opposition to the West India interest.
.'ll the world has heard of a body, holding its meetings
to A
41dertnanbury, called the Anti-slavery
:.ithose who have made nice distinctions in reading there
Society ; and
itil i have appeared another body, also holding its meet-
t Aldermanbury, and, we believe, under the same
body,
Called the AGENCY Anti-slavery Society. This last
,GtlY, in a series of resolutions passed On the 13th in-
tetllt, takes to task most severely his MAJESTY'S minis-
-1 r 3, Mr. FOW'ELL BUXTON, and the whole of the West
thtidia body. The first for voting money to the last, and
illeir ilrumaculate leader for acceding to that grant ; talk-
hitgely of " concurring cordially" in the sentiments of

the three hundred and.thirty-nine delegates who stormed
the Colonial-office, a month or two ago, with petitions
and remonstrances. We dare say our readers have
heard of the lad who ran to tell his mother that
there were five hundred cats in the barn. The mother
prudently doubted the information, and pressed JACKY
down in his numbers, until he persisted stoutly that
he, was sure there was their black cat and another. Just
so with the Agency Anti-Slavery Committee. Their
JACKY, one JOHN CarsP, a chip of Zackmackery, now
quartered upon the public purse, signs, "by order," as
secretary, the resolutions in question ; talking largely,
as aforesaid, about their cordial concurrence. in the sen-
timents of the "339 delegates,"—abusing the House of
Commons,—abusing their own leader,—abusing the
whole of the West India body ; and, of course, bepraising
themselves. And-how Many; gentle reader, do you think
this formidable body consisted of ? Three hundred ? No.
Two hundred ? No. One hundred ? No. Well, fifty ?
No. A score then? No, no,—just like the. cats in the
barn—" our black cat and another," and JACKY the se-
cretary ! From the sublime to the ridiculous is just one
step, we are told. Who are the authorities for this ex-
posure ? The West India slave owners most likely ?
No, no,—but Tnos. FOWELL BUXTON himself, in a letter
dated 14th June, and JAMES CROPPER, in a letter dated
15th June, both published in the newspapers. This is a
specimen of the meetings by which a majority of the
members of the House of Commons was stated to=-have
been called upon to pledge themselves to measures, the
evils of which will be felt by hundreds of thousands both
here and in the colonies. For once the two gentlemen
we have named have rendered the public a service. "At
a meeting of the committee,—by order, JOHN CRISP, se-
cretary." To which we may add—

Ex uno disce onmes.

The-Wapping, or rather Billingsgate, tempest raised
against us Tories by the ministerial "scribes has nearly
subsided ; or, in other words, has been drowned in the
loud roar of laughter which their spluttering and bellow-
ing has excited in every part of the country. The
bludgeon and brickbat system is consequently at an end.
The braying of the Times, which is facetiously called
"thunder," has done no more harm than would the burst-
ing of a bottle of small beer, and the wail of the dotard
Chronicle has only excited pity for the sorrows of a discon-
solate Whig. Oh, shade of JAMES PEttßy,'what wouldst
thou say if thou couldst see how low thy paper and thy
party have fallen !

It is amusing to observe, that with the exception of the
journals we have named, ministers have neither an organ
nor an echo in any quarter of the united kingdom. Those
who were their ablest supporters among the radical fac-
tion are now the most virulent of their opponents. The
ultra reformers execrate them in language which it is
impOsSible to describe. The True Sun, which did them
good. service in the day of their first struggle for office,
has long since turned its batteries upon them, and keeps
up an incessant fire; and we beg to tell the reader that
the opposition of the True Sun is not the small chirp of
a hankering and disappointed partizan, but the bold and
fearless rage of indomitable hostility. The sentiments
it advocates are the sentiments of the great mass of the
middle and lower classes of the population, with whom
the very name of Whig is odious, and who see in the
broken promises, and violate&pledges, and disingenuous
subterfuges, and mean and selfish attachments of tile
present administration everything, that is base in the man.
and dishonest in the statesman.

With the party whose favourite organ the True Sun
is we have no alliance and little sympathy ; but this
we will say of them, that so far as consistency goes, so
far as truth is concerned, so far as a straightforward and
intelligible line of policy is • involved, we prefer the
Radicals to the Whig's, in the same degree that we prefer
candour to hypecrinr. What.the Radical party aim at
they do not conceal ; but what the Whigs aim at we only
know by their conduct,-which. is exactly the reverse of
their professions. They tell us that they are strengthen-
ing and consolidating. the constitution, when they are
in the very act of pulling it to pieces. They tell us that
they are piling the -church upon the affections of the peo-
ple, when they are.actually undermining its foundations.
They tell us that they are improving our legal code and
bringing cheap justice to the door of:the. poor man, at
the very moment when they are concocting a system of
fraud which must increase the number of pettifogging
lawyers, and engender a spirit of litigation among the
humbler classes of our countrymen. They tell us that
the policy of Lord GREY is peace and retrenchment, as
well as reform. It may be reform, and it is very like
revolution ; but we deny that it is peace ; and certain we
are that
._instead of retrenchment it is profuse, wicked,
and unwarrantable extravagance. Is it a peace policy
that connives at a mnrderous in Portugal ?
which allows English ships'to engage in acts of piracy ?
—which permits the subjects of the KING to be enlisted
and dragged off by, speculators and jew Money-lenders
to be shot like dogs, and if not shot,
.starved before the
lines of Oporto ? Is it a- policy conducive to a long or
substantial peace, Which allows France to hold possession
of Algiers, and the finest portion of northern Africa
which has placed Belgium at the mercy of France ?-
-and which has given European Turkey to the Emperot
of all the RusstAS ? • Was it. for this last that Lord
DURHAM was sent on an expensive mission to the court
of St. Petersburgh ? Is it foi peace or neutrality that
Lord Wm. RussELl. is located as a spy. In Lisbon ?

But the retrenchment ! what of that ? The word has
ever been a favourite one with the " base Whigs." It
has been inscribed on all their bannerS, and has been li-
berally interlarded with all their speeches from the days of
Mr. Charles to the eventful times of Lord GREY. Let
us see,•then, what this retrenchment is. The unanimous
voice of the nation has called for a reduction of the house
and window duties—we of the press have called for the
remission of the most oppressive imposts ever tolerated
in a free country. What is the answer to these prayers?
" We cannot afford you• relief or redress," says Lord
ALTHORP, " for the credit of the country is at stake, and
the present revenue is hardly adequate to the public ex-
penditure." ThiS. is a good answer—good, z true.
But is it true ? The revenue, he says, is unequal to the
necessary expenditure, and , yet we find the noble lord
voting away millions by the hour. Twenty, ten, five,
three, two—in all forty millions, voted away without
rhyme or reason, wantonly, unnecessarily, capriciously—
voted out of an empty exchequer by a Chancellor who de-
clares that.it is impossible to afford two or three millions
to relieve 'the pressure of the present taxes ! What are
we to infer from, this, but that Lord ALTHORP is either
tampering with the national credulity and imposing upon
the people; or that he is labouring under some mental
hallucination ? . Where are all these millions to come
from which he is voting away with as much nonchalance
as if he were throwing filberts to a squirrel ? He has
either a surplus revenue or he has not. If the former,
then is he bound to apply all or part of it to a reduction
of the public burthens. This is the first duty of an
honest and patriotic minister. But if he have no surplus,
then these grants, subsidies, peace-offerings, and hush-
monies must be met by loans and new taxes, in which
case they are a downright robbery of the people.

But all this, we apprehend, will be explained hereafter.
There will be a day of reckoning, and when that day
comes we shall be happy to find a fair balance sheet and
no bad debts. In the mean time, the • cause of the
ministerial uproar, and the raving . of the ministerial
scribe's, has been explained by the Tr4e.S'un. • The ma-
jority of the members of the present House of Commons
dread abOve all things upon earth a dissolution of the
present Parliament: If. the GREY administration were
turned out, this would be, the case ;and should it occur,
more than•one- half of them, and the whale of the pledge-
makers, pledge-eaters, and pledge-breakers, would never
again find their way into St. Stephen's: ...It took forty
thousand pounds to return Mr. J 0131,1 WALTER for Berk-
shire, and the Times knows it ! •

In our last we touched upon the question of
.refining
foreign sugars, in rather general terms: Since then we
learn, by the debates in Parliament, that Mr. EWART has
"presented a petition from the Merchants and shipown-
ers of Liverpool, praying for the removal of all restric-
