WARRINGTON OITRATIVE CONSERVATIVE

ASSOCIATION.

The Annual Meeting of this Association was held at the
Town-ball, Warrington, on. Thursday, the 23d inst., being
St. George's Day, for the purpose of electing officers for the
ensuing year, and also for the purpose of presenting the late
president and treasurer, Mr. Wilson and Mr. Whittle, with
a handsome Bible and Prayer each.
Mr. LEFTWICH, the president, acted as chairman ; and
after the appointment of new members of the committee, and
the other routine of business was gone through, several
toasts:were proposed.

" The Queen," with three cheers; "The Queen Dowager,"
(three cheers) ; " Constitution in Church and State," (much
cheering). Between each of the toasts the Operative Con-
.servative Band struck up some suitable tune.
The CHAIRMAN then, alluding to the most interesting sub-
ject of the evening, proposed the health of Mr. Crisp, who
had come over from Liverpool to attend their meeting, and
would now present the Bibles and Prayer Books to their re-
spected and esteemed friends.

Mr. CRISP said that the duty which he had the privilege of
performing was one of the most pleasing kind. To men hold-
ing any public situations, it must be the most gratifying thing,
after feeling satisfied in their own consciences that they had
faithfully performed their duty, to find that their conduct
had met with the perfect approval and approbation of their
friends : such is the case with our two friends, to whom I
have the pleasure of presenting, this slight testimony of re-
spect this evening—l say slight, for these presents, as to
their intrinsic value, would but ill convey the esteem in
which we hold our late president and treasurer, who for
above three years have most zealously and faithfully per-
formed their duty. But, Sir, when your testimony of ap-
Brobation is conveyed in this form (the Bible and Prayer
ook), it possesses, a value which no man can count. Mr.
Wilson and Mr. Whittle, I present you, on behalf of the
members and friends of the Warrington Operative Conser-
vative Association, with a copy of that Book which, with the
blessing of God resting on it, is able to make you wise unto
salvation. I also present you with that Book, which we es-
teem next to the Bible itself, as a truly sound and valuable
compilation. I will not, by any further words of my own,
attempt to add to this expression of our esteem ; but I must
say, that the presentation of such a testimonial (I mean a
Bible and Prayer Book) is alike honourable to the Associa-
tion presenting it and to the parties receiving it.
Mr. WILSON rose and said—Mr. Chairman and Gentle-
men, I can assure you I feel a real difficulty in giving expres-
sion to my feelings for the kindness which you have shown
to me this evening. lam not aware that I have done any-
thing to merit this valuable testimonial of your esteem.
Nothing could have been more gratifying to my feelings than
to receive this kind expression of your respect, in -the form
which it has been presented, of the Holy' Word of God. Gen-
tlemen, I have ever considered that book the only sound rule
for a Christian life, and I trust that it ever will be my endea-
vour to guide my conduct by the precepts therein contained.
Respecting the association, I certainly have ever fealt a deep
interest in it, and believe I may, with a few friends, take the
credit of being its promoter. I trust the association has
done some good, and I hope it may do much more. Gen-
tlemen, you will excuse me I know, for I feel so overcome
by your kindness that I know not how fully to express my
gratitude. These books I shall preserve to the last day of
my life, and place a high value on them, not only for their
real worth, but from the kindness expressed by friends in
presenting them. Gentlemen, I truly thank you for this
testimonial of your approbation.
Mr. WHITTLE said—Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen—l
can truly say that this is the happiest moment of my life. It
is, indeed, gratifying to find that any conduct of mine should,
in your estimation, merit this valuable expression of your
approbation. Gentlemen, I never thought of anything of
the kind ; I acted from a sense of duty, and my fullest ex-
pectation of reward was the approval of my friends for my
humble services. I shall hand these books down to my son,
if it should please God to spare his life beyond my own, and
tell him in what manner I became their possessor. I cannot
say more, gentlemen, than tender you my sincere and hearty
thanks.
Several other toasts were then proposed :
The Duke of Wellington. (Much cheering,)
The Lord of the Manor, John Ireland Blackburn, Esq.

The Conservative Band.
Mr. NANNERLEY briefly returned thanks in an appro•
priate speech.
Mr. WILSON having the privilege of proposing a toast

. . ,
begged to propose the health. of a body of men who had al-
ways been the most zealous and active in the defence of our
glorious constitution; and as there was a gentleman here
who could convey our sentiments to them, he begged to pro-
pose " The Protestant Associations of Liverpool," and re-
quested that Mr. Crisp would convey their feeling to them.
Mr. Cum, said he was delighted to respond to that toast,
and he would guarantee that they had never drank the health
of a more truly loyal and Protestant body of men. Gentle-
men. perhaps you have heard of the shipwrights of Liverpool.
(Much cheering.) I have had some opportunity of witness-
ing their conduct, and I will say that a more devoted body
of operatives I do not know than the Protestant operatives
of Liverpool. On their behalf, gentlemen, I heartily thank
you.

Mr. WILSON proposed " Mr. Plumptre and the real Pro-
testant Members of the House of Commons."
Mr. CRISP being allowed to propose a toast, begged to
give the health of a real great man, and a real defender of
pure Protestantism, through good report and evil report. I
say a great man because I understand greatness to consist in
'goodness, and I understand goodness to consist in a true
Christian principle: Gentlemen, I care not for conservatism
unless based upon sound Protestantism, and I care not for
'Protestantism unless it Is based upon the unerring word of
God. I beg to propose " The. Health of Lord Roden," and
his name is always connected with the Protestants of Ireland.
(Great cheering.)
"-The Strangers who had favoured them with their com-
pany."
Mr. W. ALBISTON returned thanks.
After a few more toasts, the meeting separated at about
eleven o'clock.

CORRESPONDENCE.

THE ANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.
Stit,—Having observed in the Standard of Tuesday laSt
some lengthened strictures upon the proceedings of the late
meeting of the Liverpool Anti-Slavery Society, permit mete
request that you will afford room in your forthcoming publi-
cation for the correction of certain misapprehensibns and in
accuracies in the article to which I refer. ~

It is inquired by the writer, as " the ostensible object of
the meeting, was ' to take into consideration the duty of the
friends of the negro, with reference to the present state of
slavery and the slave trade throughout the world,' " " why
was the subject of the British colonies in the West Indies in-
troduced into the discussion ?" The vast importance which
attaches to the successful issue of the experiment of emariei;
pation, in Connexion with the discussion of the general Ques-
tion. of slavery, is of itself sufficient to warrant the most
searching inquiry into the progress, and a constant recur-
rence to the results of that experiment. Besides, the events
which have occurred in those colonies in the working out of
the great physical and moral transition, have not been of a
nature to justify eny'relaxation of the supervision which is
necessary on the part of this country, to the satisfactory es-
tablishment of the negro's rights. Further, it was incumbent
on those to whom the management of the meeting was com-
mitted, to review all that had been done in the struggle and
the triumph of the two years that had elapsed since the mem-
bers of the society were convened, and to state the measures
that had been adopted for the purpose of demonstrating to
other nations yet contaminated with the sin of slave-holding,
the propriety and expediency (confirmatory of the justice) of
abolishing the system.
The report noticed the attempted revival of the Hill Coolie
traffic. Documents are now before me (some of them are
before the public—others of them shall not long remain un-
published) from courts of justice in India, and from commis-
sions of inquiry in British Guiana and Mauritius, which fur-
nish ground for the apprehensions entertained, that if the
projects of certain parties had not been suppressed by the
government, a traffic no less to be deprecated, because no less
unjust and cruel than the slave trade would have threatened
thousands of helpless victims.
The remainder of the report furnished a comprehensive
sketch of the present state of slavery, and the slave trade in
various quarters of the globe.
After a most deliberate reflection, I am unable to discover
on what part of the proceedings of the meeting, as reported
in the Standard of Friday last, the writer of that article will
fix for proof of the insinuated charge of " the most relentless
persecution" of the planters.
The writer further observes—" Mr. Scoble said that, du-
ring his recent visit to the West Indies, 'he had found that
commerce flonrished—sthat trade was never in a more healthy
condition than at the present time.' From this sweeping as-
sertion, we might refer that there had been, for the last two
years, no deficiency in the amount of exports from the West
Indies. Is this the fact ?" Now, had the writer of that ar-
ticle taken the trouble of referring to your own report of the
meeting, he would have found that Mr. Scoble's statement
was contrary to his own hypothetical inference, and fatal to
the ungenerous implication it involves. In that report, Mr.
Scoble is represented as having before him an official docu-
ment giving the total amount of sugar exported during the
past year, as compared with preceding years. " Looking at
the whole of the colonies, the amount was 698,000 cwts. less
as compared with 1838, and 483,000 cwts. as compared with
1837." I❑ another journal, Mr. Scoble is reported to have
" quoted two despatches from the governor of British Guiana,
both alluding to the extensive injury done by the drought."
" He also mentioned, as within his own knowledge, various
estates on which the canes had yielded less last year in con-
sequence of the drought than was expected. In one instance,
from 10 acres of canes were expected 10 hhds., but had only
produced 7 ; in another, 80 acres yielded only 35 hhds., when
80 were expected; on a third, 102 acres only. furnished about
65 hhds. Thus they would perceive, that the falling off in
the amount of the crops last year was not owing to the indo-
lence of the negroes,.but to-the ordinances of providence."
That the reason assigned for the deficiency by the report
and by Mr. Scoble, was not unfounded, will appear from the
authority of Governor Light :
In a despatch of April 26, 1839, the Governor says :
" The season, which had been excessively favourable at the
beginning of the year, and gave promise of large return, has
not, for upwards of 72 days, had a respite from excessive
drought; the consequence has been that the savannahs,
creeks, or lakes have been dried up ; the trenches having no
supply had been exhausted, arid the canes have been left un-
cut from the impossibility of conveyance to the works.
This, then, is the chief cause of the failure, and not the
idleness of the peasantry, to which some of the planters are
disposed to ascribe it."

In an address to the combined court, on the 19th Febru-
ary, 1839, the Governor says :—" We have no right to
ascribe to emancipation the deficiency of staple products
since the Ist of August. If exportable produce be diminished
in quantity, it has increased in value; if the planter do not
obtain full labour, yet his payments on that point are
lessened."

In a despatch from Governor Light, dated October 15,
1839, he notices the quantity of sugar shipped during the
third quarter of that year :—" It is considerably less than in
the corresponding quarters of 1831-32-33; it is in hogsheads
2,765 less than the corresponding quarter last year; but the
price of produce has increased in proportion to the diminu-
tion of the crop. It is a fact, that from the unfavourable
season during a portion of the year, the canes have yielded
one-third less than usual ; the last quarter of the year, con-
sidering the favourable season for the last month, is likely to
give a much larger return. I shall he prepared to chew by
the prices of the last twelve or fifteen years, that even sup_
posing the exports of sugar for the year 1839, from this colony
only, reach 35,000 hogsheads; the returns in money will be
larger than when the produce was at its greatest extent."
As to the imports into the colonies it will be sufficient to
quote the same high authority in a dispatch of May last.
Governor Light says,
" The increasing demands of British Guiana for manufac-
tured goods and other supplies have occasioned an additional
tonnage inwards of 10,618 as compared with that of the year
1836, and of 4,270 tons as compared with that of the
year 1837."
And again,
" It is presumed that the real decrease in the outward
tonnage is about 10,000 tons in 1838 as compared with 1837,
and this decrease is no greater than the result of the last
year rendered probable."
" I trust these remarks will enable your lordship to judge
of the real grounds for the outcry made by interested persons
against the diminishing resources of this colony."
Accordingly he addressed the combined council in these
terms. _ _

"It could not have been expected that internal commerce
could probably long withstand any great diminution of ex-
portable produce—that the merchants do not anticipate this
