§IIIPPING INTELLIGENCE.

FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 13.—Wind E.S.E.
ARRIVED.—Lion. Bailer. f-orn Detnerara, with loss of mizenyard.
boats I,nlwarks. Cannon, Broatlfuot. from New Orleat:s--
liepfillle', Williams. f ow New Yttrk:

OFF Tlt6 PORT —3. hn Stamp, Payne, fm Bornhay—Wegtmoreland.
Brizstoek, from Nfatiritins —Ellen, 'falin. from %*alliaraiso—Chieftain.
Ntioney, from Itattiii— Ilaytoo, from Ceara— Sovhia. Itirkett.
from Demerara—Dampier, Newlam,s, fro in Sa,anillii—eltaleo, Die-
kingon, from Laguna— Formosa, Mitchell ; Elirt '%artciek, Vl rich ;
and William Goddard, Smith, from New Orleing—Lyons, Davenport;
and Isitte Hicks. In2ersoll. from N tete z —Hermit's. Snow. from
%.loloilo—Oconee, Wilson, from St. Mark's—Alex:tinier Grant. Brow.;
Emiurtint, Petrie ; and Prolong's, Pratt, from SAvaimah—V etoria.
Candler from Charleston—Byron. Peninetoo and Albion. Putnam,
Mint New York—El en Mi.:Wield, fin MarseLles—tichenis Constiaut.
from Senegal and Boutdeaux.

Frederiek Iluth. Toby, from London, nt the Cape of Godd hope
Sir John fierestord. from Sing..pore, nit Plymouth
ll;vron. of Belfast. was pissed on the sth instant, in lat. 49. long. 26;
MSlll7lB[l4l and watorlozged
Livi.rpool, Meyler, from Waterford for this port, sunk yusteiday in
Beamnaris Bay : crew saved

_ _ ........
Adelaide. Grov..s. from Halitim at Cove. with damage : master
washed orprl,o3rd—boond to Loothol

tin Vernor Doitd.S. from PadAtoW to St John. N.B. at Ceve, with losii
: e,.rpenter aud four men washed uverboord, and
hull very much damatted

Bolin; Furness. from Waterford for Nevrfoundland, at Core, with
loss of salts. spars &e., t`.2ree mouths out

Euterpe, Telfer, from Demerara, at Cove
Nailer, -, from Bonny, at ditto

Sir Francis and Lady Burdett gave it grand dintvir on Sakti'_
day evening to a numerous patty of the nobihiy and gentry, to
meet 51t. Charles Kean.

The estimated cost of the twenty-seven railways now in pro-
gress in England and Waies is upwards of 1:22,(Xig000 sterling.
NORTHERN HOSPITA L—A meeting of the snbscribers and
friends of this charity is announced to lake place this evening
at seven o'dock, at which the worshipful the Mayor will pre-
side, on which occasion we sincerely hope that our benevolent
townsmen will attend, and liberally contribute to the funds of
one of the most valuable Institutions of the town.

The Lord Bishop of Lincoln has presented the FM of eight
hundred pounds towards the erection and endowment of a ne'
einsti•p
• • •a I chapel in a part of the parish of liinbeach, consider-
abl% distant from the church.—Liacoien Merest, y, .
MonE A 13SENCII OF M Philadelphia journalist recolds.
' that an old farmer who resides in Toledo, United States, in the
Act (dividing more fuel to his tire, actually put the chunk of
;if wood in his arm chair, and threw himself ou the fire for a
hack long. The time') arrival of his wile relieved him. but he
Came off minas his luat and pa ntalfilins
lIIGIIL.tND saws.-.A family in Edin•
!.(,'N,,,, .!, an'ii't.ti-,-ei-igaged a Highlander to serve
hem during a vi_it from a"Man of fashion. Dinner having
awaited an unreasonable time one day for the guest, Drmm .
t%dB sent into his room to inform him that it was on the table.
But he not coming, Duncan was sent again : still they waited,
and the lady at last said to the mau, " What can the gentle-
man be doing ?'"• Please ye, Madam," said Duncan, " the
gentleman was only sharpening his teeth."
CoPEN II AG N. J. N. 22.—The ice now extends to Sweden,
and is so strung that sledges al rived here some dais ago from
looen. Th, soon lis entirely covered with ice, and the cont.
munication between Elsinore and floeen is said to be very
active.

Successive shocks of an earthquake have almost totally de.
stroyed the limn of Acapulco, while the gorgeous city ofmexico
tself was suljecteil to a violent and prolonged shock; happily,
ilowever, in the latter instance no injury resulted. The details
~t the earthquake at Acipulco are frightful. Repeated shucks
of extreme violence and devastation have nearly reduced the
its to a mass of ruins.—New Oilcans Bee.

MElDocioh.—A wag was rallying Dr. on his want
skill. which the doctOr took lathe' gravely. " 11I) patients
,ever complain of toe," he said, " That is exactly what I should
crave Supposed." tephed his tormentor.
A win much addicted to drinking, being extremely ill with a
fever, .a consultation was held in his bedchamber by three phy-
sicians, how to cure the fever, and abate the thirst. " Gent le.
,neo," said he. " I will take half the truuble off your hands; you
cure the fever, and I will abate the thirst myself."

The Ohio Netes is acquainted with a man who is so much
euiaeiateu, that he must be fattened in order to make a good
akeletou.

Five children were poisoned, a few days ago, at Epinal, in
the Vosges. iu France, by sugar plums containing arsenic,
al►ich were given to them by a liftman dressed as a peasant,
who was a stranger to the place. She had taken her departure
berme the eeorwitl wasdistovered, but the officers of justice are
in pursuit of her.

ORTHOGRAPHIC& EzEnetsas.—A paper may be seen in
the window of a tailor's shop in Ligh,street, Burton-crescent,
on which is written " Prizes of the Neste materiels and sound
wurkmanship with Inn." In Marchttiont-streel, a window.
" ts" a hill, from which the billowing is correctly copied
" Wanted a harrand boy and a plane conk alsoe a short:inn."
Blasius GA AM LlAlt. A gentleman told his friends that he
wits Mon in Birmingham, and though he loved the country, sod
respected its inhabitants, )et he must in justice necktie, that all
people born in that town, and its vicinity, were the :prates, liars
in the universe. "Then," says a gentleman present, "if you
speak truth. you lie; and if you Ire, you speak truth."
A nvica To LA Ladies, always delightful, and not the
!east so in their undtess, are ant to ilepti‘e themselves of some
of their hest morning beams by appearing with their hair in
papers. We give notice, that essayists, and, of course, all peo.
ple of taste, pterer a cap, if there must be anphing; but hair a
tlllllltill tine's over. 'loser grapes in paper bags is bad eu"s'gh ;
but the rich lucks of a lady in papers, the toots of the hair twist-
ed up like a rituttinier's, and the forehead staring bald instead
of being gracefully tendrilled and shadowedl—it is a capital
offence—a defiance to the love and admiration taf the other sex
—a provocative to a paper war ; and we here accordingly de-
c lore the said war nit paper, out baring env ladies at band in
carry it at once iu'o their head quarters. We must allow., at
the saute they ate fey.) ich),.o! SKing iet R in this con•
diti,in,iintswing well enough bow Enoch of theft strength, like
Sampson's, lies that gilled oroaucent ifilt Lave ki:usiti a
whole parlour of thew fluueted elf. like a dose c. .Ig. ::040
siebt ota Mend tositAg up thpstudet.-144011

4 THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.
. _. • ... _ . .. ._.. _._..___,.. .... . .... _
.7. . —4,,[;; want,esstar dekinrPitsellfery'vvit 11 robbery' and -
IeLIVERPOOL MECHANICS' INSTITUTION. bipping EntElligence.• . ,filarfirto.
assassination. LECTURES ON PHYSIOLOGY. --e55ee5............. • . —„,,,,,,,.._.-
. . What is the remedy fur such evils? How can the gi- TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 13.-Wind S.S.E.-Mo !crate. Li VER Pt I'l )LW N 5f A It•KET, FEB 15.
. ,
- ' A COUNTRY LIFE.
gantic suffering, of the Irish peasantry be mitigated or On Saturday Dr. Epps delivered his fourth lecture, to a Attatvrto•-Emily, 'Wardle, twin Ark:Ai-awl Europedlarshall,
from New York Since •our last the market has been dull; the sales'yeater(lay were er
aOOO bees, to-..aa aaao are sold. Prices are ad lower than on Friday Li
-Front the Opera of " The Village Cogitettes," by Bo; (Charles subdued? Labour they cannot have till some security SAILED.-Crescent, nyder, from Bilboa-Sir F. Berton, Lindsay, hat ''
sa
nutneroU3 audience.
, . ,
Dickens, Esq.) is provided for life and capital. Can such misery be 'rile croup is a disease to winch children are particularly and Nightingale, Crookshank for Demerarit-Paritaim, Watt, for ' •
.
a o and these generally the most promisi tie and hovels . Pernambuco-Buzzard, Keyzar for Africa-Fanny as an., Lovering-. - -
There's a charm in spring, when ev'ry thing permitted to remain It is impossible; and the only 'ut'i-L , -
tt ts oceasionC(i by the at inospherte air being prevented from and Wm• Hid, nerd', for Leghorn-Gra. Tinton, for Laguira, aze LIVERPOOL CORN EXCHANGE Feu: 13. Al
Is bursting from the ;„,,round- probable method of allaying it is thrutigh the introdue •-(3ein, NI
-Kenzie, for Smyrna-aud, Mersey, Bainbridge, for St. On Wednesday. Thursday avid Friday last we had a tine thaw, but M
When pleasant showers bring forth the llow'rs, obtaining'accessao the In in consequeuee of the.aecumula-
it did not contimme-long enough to relieve the canals, and since Satur-
don of a poor law which shall partially provide for the Lion of coagulable 17mph upon the -lute:awl inembiatie whit-1i John' N.B.
And all is life around.--- day troming we had a recurrence of frost with increased severity ; in 'L,
necessities of the destitute-remove the motive and ex- lines the windpipe. I'ime most effectual means of getting rid tif John 8041, • • •
.„ aw, —, from Calcutta, at the Miterthus consequence of 'which, and of accutnulating arrivals of Ontin, Flour
Insummer day the fragrant hasand Oatmeal by the strainers, and by partial changes of wind, we have
case for pillage and violence-relax the grasping des this is by the administration of an emetic, Which ceases the Jane, Ritchie, liellee find narnailoes. at New ualeamma
. Susquehanna, Cropper,henee at Philadelphia experienced acre iltill sales in this day Week, althengh a small de-
Most sweetly scents the breeze, expulsion of the lymph from the larynx.
And all is still, save murnering rill visor of the priesthood-and bv withdrawing in a degree Etizatte h Bruce. , hence off Saaanieth
United States, Holdrid.'e hence and New York 12th Jan. cline was submitted to on every article in the Corn trade here and in 'fo
1 the causeasf apprehension, invite the peaceful apprbaches It very often happens that intliViduals die from the conse- all our principal country markets. There is no alteration in the duties
• Or sound of huniming bees. quences of e:4.•essive passion j thus we have the coinmon phrase I.,veilingtoi,t, Chailwick7f;com London, at ditto , on Grain from foreign Ports. this week, and very little hits beendone in
1 of speculatiOn and manufacture, and finally, by furnish-
Old Autumn come, with rusty gun of bursting with rage. When a woman is in a rage she holds 1 rsnt•ots a list, front Havre, (fiito bondeu Grain or Flour:-for the latter. article of fresh sweet quality
ing work for the poor population, relieve them at length from Ilainbureh, &c, being quite •scaree, an adviinee'of Is to.2s per
In quest of birds we roam; her breath, and her face becnines red. Whilst She holds her
11;
ji'rnait,iiokii,,,,:iiv.aßiludrerrehli:i•ei,-yi.•,,
jec,:;•hdl3,.l:l;o,iit;A:t:svittrle;so(iaa at :ony,e,riegos Ayr e s
Isabella, Volum, hence at Malta barrel is now demanded. The supplies to this day's market have been
of their dependency and let them, like their fellow sub- breath, her heart still continues to perforto its dutx, and, as
Unerring aim, we 'Lark the game, , conSiderably increased by arrivals Within the last two days, but maSt
Hero, Smallwood from Shim, atlondon
And proudly bear it home. •vets, feel, for the first time, the glow and healthy pulse the lungs cannot do theirs, the blood rushes into 'her tend. and of the importers having slab an npalispesition to press sales from the
the veins, particularly the jugular .veins, becothe distended to , vessels, and the stocks of the millers:m.l dealers hem;; aretty well ex-
' of hottest industry.
A winter's night has it's delight,
Well armed tubed we go ; Moreover, the introduction of a well digested poor so enormous an extent as to be terrific. The carotid arteries like- at.t,6Bo.(liotnlagr.al:sfrom Leith for Si=dney, New South Wales, pat hausted, sales to a Moderate extent were made of the liner qualities of
Wise become very large, and very often a person bursts with into btOrnaway 23rd nit. wtiti rudder damaged, havilig beeti airiick itY Wheat at fully last Tuesday's quotations, thengli Ordinary qualities ji
mighthave been bought at a di•eline (if Id to vd per 7011a-Flour was ,it
A winter's day we're blithe and gay, law (excluding, many uf the objectionable clauses which • -
rage in consequence of the rupture of some, of the blood vessels.
Snipe-shooting in thesnow. must ere long he expunged from the English bill) will It is a well known fact that pereons die of broken hearts. This a sea,
barquean:le:l:ll
went ashore on Black Point, near sable Island; 4th January : vessel ahnuf ad per 451 b decline, and all Other articles remain at about last .1
A country life, without the strife counterac partially the acknowledged evils of-absentee- is' easily Understood, The heart is cattiposed of fleshy bags. lost; crew saved • quotations.-The frost still continues with wathated severity. ' •Ii
' Arid noise and din of town, ism ; for' while the property of the rich absentee is taxed By a long course of excitement through 'grief these bags are Europe, Maritedl, fram New York, at this port. In laL 504. , long. Wrieee, it, 701 a s. (l. s (I: INDIAN CORN, ete' Phati. C
16, spoke • the i ship Bangor, from New -Orleans, out 42 days, with loss English 8 4 .a, 9 6 Red • 43 oae44 • 0 'l,
Is al! I need; I take no heed tosupply his unfortunate countrytrien with food, in many 4 810 White 43 0-44 0 p
distended and rendered thin; this -Whenever the individual
Scotch
Of splendour or renown. Cases the causes of his absence will disappear with tlie ship, with .pa p , •6 4 a-- 83 ' Baaxs, *qr. l\
receives a'sudden shock, the influx' of Wine! into these bags of ruNdEd,eyrlarioditicsailjs.; wanted
overcomes their strength and the heart being ruptured, instant .
e_
and , . , an. 6.-inted. orts white mould- Irish
Bonded 0 0- 0 0 English - 41 0 "I
And when I die, oh, let me live disappearance of turbulence and the commission of those death ensues. It is 'necessary that the air we breathe shored be Ines, tomes on her stern, was seer' to go. Own 30th Dec. in lat.
29, ion;:. 81, by the Warrior. arrived at New Orleans . B,arte,et, 11l 'qr. lrish - 36 0 i
o
well
might
and
Where trees above me wave; savage atrocious which
!Mae, otherwise-the health or the person breathing 'it will be GAiw AY,
Let wild plants bloom around my tomb, -intich Injured. Owing to want of proper ventilation nutnhers Afidea, hound to Liverpool, with loss'of sails and yards, and short of Chevalier ... ,3a 0 -36 0 White.... 32 0-38 0
. s-estate, and expel' oPulence Irons the
My quiet country grave. sbil. of persona' are annually cut off. It is a 'Pact that in mat-fade- provisions and water; has eta in here. For the last twaitty days the Scotch, AV 601 b. a. 46- 4 , 7 RAYESEED, 40* last, I! '
captain and crew were obliged to support nature by eating parrots, Irish - 2801 b. '1
____...._ That we, perhaps, anticipate results too visionar3 from turing districts, Where there jean abundance of co dl to be had
and for Iles last six days on one glass of water per man : line man demul Foreign, in bond. 2lt --.2 9 Tine a. 35 •r, -48 •0
THE HUN'VER. pars, 4P' 451 b. Irish • . 34 0- 47 0 -8
the establishment of poor laws in Ireland we are not :ts. cheap rate 'the Anirtalite isleSsaharein those where there
on award, , The mate is in a wretched way, his feet having swollen
so much that he is not ahle to stand. Too mucli'praise catitiot he English 3- 3 6 Ai:aerie:in, sr, bets free. 1) scarcity of coal. The cause-of this is, that a fire at•ts as a
(From Blackwood Magazine.) vain. enough to consider impossible; but that good- Ventilator. There was a matiufacte rer at Leeds who was adviSed given to the caiet-geard officers of this station, who, an perceiving -sante!' - 3 6 ti.ee.l.7.S. 041- 0 0 t
2 9 - 2 11 Sour, hand-. . .24 6 - 26 0
Merrily winds the bunter's horn, great good-and lasting. benefits will be consequent on by Dr. Thackeray to make a revolving fan, Which' worked trout ebe situation of the • crelsis, brought off;ssetme provisiOnS. Wind S.E.
weather nne •
Irish
POreignain bohd 2 -0•- 3 .3 ' OATMEAL, efr 2401 h f
And loud the ban of dogi replying, • their 'introduction, we ea'rneStly and 'un- fei4nedly . be- the bottom to the top 'of the manufactory. The consequence
NNATERFORD, Feb. 10.-The Traveller 'from Monte Video for Liver- Ditto, duty free 3 2 -13 is English 23 0- 23 6
When before the shout of the fleet-foot morn lieVe. Same hardship, it is true, will be entailed upon was, that his workmen lost their'hegeard eppearance, and were
pool, diet WaS on shore in this river, was got off this morainal, after Rea qr.
bu.ing lightened. The vessel expected' to be condemned 32 0 -36 0' Do. neW 1837. '23 6- 24 0
so much ins roved' 'in their appetites that they begged the Ana-
The shadows of night are flying. the rate-payers, but that will be temporary •; property Mara', 1.1,* qr. fine -56 0 -58 0 Scotch.. ..... 23 () -a3 6
nufactuter either to give them more wages So as to enable Middling 46 0 -52 0
,
Sullen the boar in the deep green wood, will sustain an additibnal impost, but that after a While them to satisfy their increased' appetite's, or to do away with the . .
And proud the stag that roams the forest, will gradually abate, anti return ample interest to ' the fan. lie coked net afilird 'to give them higher wages, so he WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 14.-Wind S.E. moderate. -
Anntvp.-American, Manchester, from . New Orleans—Diana, LIVERPOOL AGRICULTURAL MARKET FEB. 15. i
And tights the steed with his warlike blood, • -OWnei'll v. prachaSino• pea Ce. and surroundin.h. Iris 'Prisses- struck a bargain half wity-sshe used hit 'fin only ihtee tithes a
--, ,from Bahia; sailed '3rd Jan.-lie Ha ton, from Ceara- s. d. s. d. F. C. s. li.
' ' That exults when the toil is sorest. - - •• • Orson, __ front G:tmla Carlebya-Supeia, Widgren, and SL Alexy, Old Hear
slims with souse degree of security. Bill it is-here Week. Every'body knows how delightful it is to teke-a walk
into the country and how delicibus are the ideals' which We Lillea, from t. Petersburg-and liotley Wood, Calling, flatus St. aka, ifaa .
Fair is the land of hill and plain, where the "patriot.," the " liberators," the dear roar-0 7t 0 Ille— Cattle Potatoes 1 2 1 3 --a-
Clover Hay.:.- 0 70 la -- Tusitips
. ' Amid timely hills in misty mountains; takethete. Phis arises in a great measure from the purity, or Michael's
St v Whei.. 0404} -- Carrots
And the crags Where eagles in tempest reign, garth, Crocker, for Mobile-Eleonore, lialeWyk, far Ghent-Consti- Straw' Oat O3lOll -- i Manglewurzle 20 II 22 0
matter for hostility. It is to the' pocket that all their from the cares of life. Persons Who sponge their chests'every
And glittering lakes and fountains. Morning. with cold water, salt and water, 'or vinegar a nti•water, lotion, Wilson, for Charleston-Egidius Duyts • •Pauline, Vander a • ' '
etruw,BarleY OOO 3 . Manure 7•6'9 0 • i
frothy declamation tends, and to snatch a multitude „ Perre, and Frederica, 'Kirkhoven, for Osiend-Thla'rY Hartley, Jones, _ --sa...= -- - a..- a
These are the joys that hunters find, ~ , will find their health increased by the practice, and they win for -Antigua-VictUria, Rusland, for St. Min, N.13..-and *Superior,
Of feilow-creatures from the jaws of penury, a engirt PRICES of WOOLS AT LIVERPOOL.
Whate'er the sky that's bending o'er them, seldom hate occasion•to call in the aid of a doctor. Loutitt, for• Lisbon I
When they leave their cares on their beds behind, something in the pound is to be drawn from their purses, --.-- Esmaisia-Down Ewes and Wethers 13,1 to 14(1 Mr lb ; Down Togs I
The process of digestion as it is called, is the process by which
Isabella, Auld, from the Clyde, at Charleston lad to 16d ; Combing Fleeces l4d to 15d; Ditto Skin 13 to I.d; Super I
And earth is all fresh before them. great is their horror,. loud their - condemnation, and .piti- our food is converted into nutriment. Anything which we can
Sir q. Campbell. Scott, hence at Savannah Skin 14'd to 16: Head Skin 12.1 to 14d.
ful the terror and amazement of these venal agitators. convert into chyle, is nOutishinent. Thus some persons live Madison, Wood, hence at Virginia SCOTCH.-Laid 'Highland 9s to ,9s 6d; White ditto Its 3(1 to 12s;
Day ever chases away the night,Laid Crossed 12s to 13s; Washed ditto 14s to 15s; Laid Cheviot 14s
And wind pursues the waves of ocean, If the baseness, depravity, profli.acy, and pauper- upon sawdust and clay, anti as these things can be converted Laurel, Martin, hence and Carthagena, at Savanilla
And the stars are brother-like hunters brig,ht, robbing hypocrisy which constitute O'Connell's charac- into chyle, the animal organs go on performing their duties. ' Mary 8: Ann, Bartlett, at Valparaiso eoth Sept. and Henrietta, to 15s; Washed ditto 16s to 20s 6d ; -White. ditto 245 to 28s per stone
of itllis.
The processes of digestion are very. mapy. The first which eve Fell, ditto, 30th Oct.
And all is in ceaseless motion. ter mulct be perfectly finished, it would be by his mean Planter, Gibson, from Buenos Ayres, at ditto .
' TEI4I-fleeces, mixed lots 131 d to Isd; blethers 13d to 14d; Hoga I
have to notice is that of mastication, or what is commonly
Life is a chase, and so 'tis joy, .ness and hateful obduracy in resisting the only measure Isabella, Smith, and Cora. Hamilton, hence at Buenos Ayres 151(1,0towL6GdN; Combing Skins 131 d to 141 d ;:short Skin lld to L3d.
• ' And hopeforetells the hunter's morrow;celled chewing. Our lips are surround. ed by several sets of
which can possibly relieve the distresses .or his muscular titres, by which we !hive the power of puckering then)
afflicting Paragon, Smith, and Elizabeth Moore, Cumminee, hence and Monte
Video, at ditto .-Ressian 6.1 to 7,1 ; Odessa, fine 1-(1 to ald , Buenos
Ayres 34(.1 to 44; Mogadore and Barbary 3d to 4d; washed Peruvian
'Tia the skill of man anti the bliss of boy • country. " Ireland is too poor fora poor law," says the up like ladies' garments. These ininteles enable :the lips to Wm. Rushton Gregory-, from Lisbon at ditto 81d to 91d; unwashed ditto 6d to 7d; Portugal it, ltd to 12d ; ditto,
TO gallop avvay from sorrow. heartleSs. imPostor, and by aprocess of hOrnwopathic po- convey fOO,l into the mouth, where it is reduced to small pantie Stirlingshire, Brown, hetice at Monte Video low Marks 81d to '9ld ; German Fleee-14d to I6d; it. assorted,
17d to 20:1; ditto, Lambs' 18d to 30,1; Spanish It. 17d to 2,1 d ; ditto
eCihiaahrlielis,s,Pearsou, and Airnwell, Wilson, hence at RloJaneiro
licy, by wringing the crust from the hand of the starving •Cles by the teeth. The front teeth are for the purpose of (ating
Hayes, hence at Leghorn 27th ult. F.S. 1511 to '224; NeW Soeth Wales 12c1 to 21d per lb.
the Nod, the four sharp side teeth called canine, for the purpose
CON TEM PORAIt I' PR ESS. peasant, and administering new necessities, he would AAs tree. --, hence at Naples 30th ult.
a tearing it, and the grinders fi. the .purpose of chewing it. net, Dye, from Zante, at Patra's
_ extricate the hapless wretches from their asants by dis- A blood vessel runs alum; each jaw, and sends off shoats to the scio,Teasdate, iroinTatras, at Zante, and sailed 13th ult. for Cepha- LIVERPOOL CArILE MARKET, Fes. 12.
RAD•ICAL NOTIONS OF COLONISATION. .
ssi ming them from existence. What must be the con r , The supply of Beasts at market to-day has been much smaller than
di.. fangs of the teeth. cacti fane receiving a separate vessel. Tooth lonia
moodf last week, hut the quality has Seen !erably good and the de
( From the Morning Herald.) lion of a country which is too poor fora Poor lass, if we moderate.withlittla or no vitiation into price from oar last week's
, ~ .
ache is Occasioned by the expausion of these blood vessels, so as Zante, Winsor, from Leghorn, at Zante .
.
It is curious Co Mark the facility with which the party understand the fellow rightly, and he means to say that se them to press neone the nerves of the teeth. The blood.
Aiiollo, Ford, froin Leghorn, ditto quotations: The Sheep have also been smaller in number, fully main- '
of the political economists can change its ciround on tbe destitution recoilssolar elthat • • beyond p gy nit is the power tears
to cause
are stiliject to this expansion if we take cold in the Ellen'German, Blundell, from Palermo at ditto ' taining the prices of last week. Good Beef sold at from 511 to Std;
es .middling and ordinary from 41d to 5d pet lb, but principally at the
subje, . The same men who are urging of the law to furnish subsistence for the starving,. It • P.'
•-•
ct of colonisation 'rt,ie bnit.!. in which the teeth are fixed is of a sponey Fie . .
t r..bt; Siinson, hence at Lisbon
IS character, by which means the teeth are eriabletl to etulti-re R've, king, sailed from Buenos -Ayres 23rd Ndy, and the Fame, latter price. Best blether Minton sold at 7d; second quality tald ;
Old abandonMent of the Canadas, on the ground that not too poor, but his influence and power over the mis Much greater shocks than they otherwise could, the bene yield. Whitley, 26th, both for this port ordinary and Ewes, at from Gd to 61,1 per lb. 'f he market has been
colonies are Unprofitable, are urging the establishment guided beings whom he has so long robbed and betrayed a t the .. - If we wish to preserve our health, we- Wee Parker, Sew-ell, sailed from Rio Janeiro for H.ambro' 16th Dec. tolerably brialt, there being but few of either Beasts or Sheep left un-
ine o le pressuie.
Champion, Martin, :sailed from 'Malta for this port 21st Jan. sold at the closeof ,the market. -Number of Beasts at market, 1051;
shall begin nf a colony in New Zealand, on the ground that coloni- will be " poor indeed," when- they to know should take care our teeth. It is only 'when we lose them that
Lochinvur, Allen, sailed from Marseilles for this port 31st ult. Sheep, 4269. •
' •
sation is the most profitable of all practices 'to a great their real interests, the protection of the law, the pa-.- • ere valise. If persons would take the trouble to Iliron'delle,Willant, from Rio de 'Janeiro, at Cowes • • . -- • •
LIVER:I'O(ft.. PIICIV 'SION MA it Is'Er. FEB. 15.
we knots their ti
clean their teeth every merning theirbealih and happiness would
nation. Eclipse Crowther, from Cork for this port, at Milford with sails
cific achievements of industry, and the holy pride of spi- be much 'unproved. The upper jaw is quite fixed, but the lower split and v• ary leaky ' We•Wre on:the eve of the transaction of considerable business in
, When we state, that ~ the same' men" are• putting iitual freedom. We at e confidently impressed with the jaw is ineveahle On very slender joints, and is comparatively Mary Atm, Carrick, was 'to eail from Valparaiso for this port Bth
easYof dislocation. This is the reason why nurses ash the rrtnl,3lunt taevri ma
titor ln. eta,nv,l, hen the intense frost
_again
with
mabar across
,forward these contradictory doctrines, we 111118 t be un- belief that nothing-nothing can rectify the ills of Ire-
jaws of infants up when they gape. Many persons cannot eat Nov. and the Georgina, for England, was to abodt the same time
:_pickieerefatiti,s,t(izreilla,ot ftt;irrit!iatiTimumetTvaills-Y,T;
derstood, with certain qualifications. The men who in- land, without the' establishment first of a sound provision fm?
It(atice„ll,o,,Ltawht,o,(,:onti.c.l,AileAarjulie,rGwrtalt,ißeraotlynrovi,,firoo,:un Savannahsna • -tit
Savannah
tained currency.-1
holders are very firm.-Beea and Pork, both (particularly of activity, 'the
wohourdrinkieg ; this is truth useless and injnieus, because River. ore,
llontieello lost lath Jan.
and crosse:jack yard, stove
Bulge in the advocacy of these opposite opinions belong for thepoor the saliva or spittle secreted by the glands in the cheeks is upper cabin, ladwatks, stauncheons, boats, &e. The Alexander quality) in good deinand, and likely tu continue higli,-Bacoit very
to one class, and promulgate the same doctrines, unless . . • . ... ititeild'ed' to nix with the food. When we ' talk, a quantity of grant carried away hobstay and injured cutwater scarce any( looking up.-Lard and Hints also improve in value:
a. 4. m. -a.
when fettered by the influence of particular circumstan- - THE BRITISH COLONIES. saliva' enters the mouth, in consequence of these glands being A brig, was seen on shore on G'reatMachipunga Inlet 14th Jan.
98 0 at 101 (1 per cwt,
ea. Thus, for instance, the ministerial daily papers do pressed upon by the jaws in opening;Thus pee?. Banbridge - 92 0
re etiab•et. to lark for three or andttttr The New.• London, Vennard, from New Orleans for New York,
foundered 3 th Dec, in lat. 27,10ng. 35; crew saved
antis a ' • ' .man ta- ,Coleraine.. . - a 0 -.-
CORK, Feb. 10.-The Terpsiehore, French frigate, from Martinique
not, for very. obvious reasons, call for the abandonment If there can exist any doubt as to the; • 1
. When any thing. shhoruitrt
good has been provided for our appetites for Brest, has been towed into this port leaky, and with loss of sails, Buvratt.l3elftat
Sligo 9O -92 0 hours very
of the Canadas ; yet no one can doubt, that if their pa- of our colonies, and of Canada in particular, as channels we find a' waterine of the month, indeed the bare idea of some- spars, and part of her guns thrown overboard, having eitierienced .Derry.
Limerick a 0 0 - 0 0
trans had been out of office during the late crisis, the and ducts, which are necessarily pouring their artsPle thing good is sufficient to cauee it. D reaming likewise produces very severe weather. The Angler, Sinclair, from Hambro' for New-
Carrick - 96 0
Chronicle and the Globe • would have echoed the send- supplies into the great reservoir and river-head of Our this effect. Disease sometimes causes an overflow of the Kilkenny - 96 0 ,-- 99 0
'silents of Mr. Roebuck, and of Mr. Warburton, and of national trade and commerce, it will be rensoved, we ti.esseli.Contaitiing the salita. A butcher visited London Blaine loundlnd, has put in here with loss of sails, boats, Bse. having been
out 65 days • Carlow, - 91 0 ---
LISBON, Feb. 6.-The Cowper, —, from Liverpool for New
88 0 - 96 0
all the other publie men, who have advocated the theorY think, by the stipple Peru-sal of the followina, statistical Buie since for the purpose of taking the lecturer's advice York, has put in 'very leaky : a great part of the cargo was thrown
respecting a hole in his cheek, which passed through the tube overboard, and the remainder is discharging Waterford
Newry ' - 0 0 -s• 0a) ....-.
of colonial emancipation. As Matters stand, these pa- paper. We 1 d • - d •
have extracted it from one of our dairy pa- Conveying the saliva. Whenever this man passed a 'cook-shop Cork • 9B 0 - 104 0
--
pees have been content to express approbation, in age Cork dry ads B2 0 - 84 0
tiers, but we believe that it is copied, or rather that the in_ Orli silica trirkled down his cheek oot of the hole. It is a very THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 15. Do pickled 2ds - 100 0
neral was of the principles which the- intimates and formation which it contains., is derived from that valtia-' BEM-India Prime Mess
curious Pict that if a man chews his food Well he is satisfied with ARRIVED.-Rapid, Head, from Bombay-Sheffield, Allen, from New . • ****** •
115 0 - 117 6 per tierce.
correspondents of Papitteau and Mackenzie have pro- f
ble repository o politicalam commercial acts, is to York-Dwdalus, —, from Bonny-Orozimbo, Crocker, and Jetier- New Mess Beef 11.) 0• - 112 6
son, Mason, from New Orleans-Vandalic, Soule, from Savannah- Do. - 0 0 per barrel.
Claimed in the market-places and from the hou-se toPs• culloch's Trading Dictionary " Oisi colonial ossessi ."c•• collect. the. rood either for the purpose of further mastication, or
. • - Talbot, Storey, from New York-ConviVial, Hampton, fm Marseilles FORK „... 76 0-80 0
The ministerial papers have, in fact, made the question and • ' ' • • ' •P • • uns. preperatory to swallnwine it. The tongue is intersected by a
their pecuniary and trading value, may be briefly number or fibrous muscles, which enable it to make such rapid --.....LaanuarNailnina.,..C._ecil,
,from
Ostend.
Maria . f Oporto
, ----, ,from • Baccist 46 0 - 48 0 per cwt.
. . , Day HAMS • . 54 0 - 57 0
OP separation simpiy a question of time. enumerated as follows :- gyrations. Many persons swallow their food without mastics- SAILED.-Konohasset, Davis; Caledonia Brander,Nichelson ; Cas-
WET Do - 0 0
Bearing' in mind these facts, we were somewhat1 '. r: i ;
...LULL-..T.i.11 s'l 0 - 57 0
In North America.-Canada 17 and Lower, New Brun Upper lion, but not without the previous remonstrance of the tongue, plan, Patten, and Mozart, Welsh, for New Orleans-Mayflower,
amused with the following passage in the Globle of last wick, Nova - Scotia P • Edward's C B
, Prince lsle, ape retort. and
g- whiCK always endeavours to do its duty When food is mash- Cemming, for Havre-Banjamin Morgan, Tibhets, for Charleston-
Groot Lan k um, Stant. for Rotterdam-Alexander Robertson. Whitley, Bladdered - 64 0
• night, in commendation of the projected New Zealand Newfoundland ; area, 435,000 square miles, or 279300000 cared sufficiently, the tongue lifts itself up, the little epiglottis eirout---Anteus f T 'ff P. '
, Boyd, or eneri e- era Keg lO 0 - 61 0
jab.: - acres, with a population of 1,500,000 white colonists. (lade- llet. When we ta • • •
falls down, and the food rolls into the gu take for Alexandletta and B
Vtvian for Palermo-and Ebro, Corder°, foiHavana.
i, Coasideriner, however, what are the resultsproduced pendent of the milesoinie Hudson's Bay territories extend over by. 3 0 roo - ''
7 ,ee square .) en thine hot into the mouth we are frequently obliged to spit --
it out'again, in consequence of the tongue being; burned. The Troy, Wood, from Charleston, at this port; sailed 13th Jan. On LONDON CORN EXHANGE, FEB. 14.
Our market to-day was moderately supplied with Wheat, Beans
colonization to this country-th'at, but for the establishment of tongue is in this, as well as most other cases, an excellent incli- 22nd Jan. in hmt. 39,.10ng. 51, ran foul of a brig which immediately and Peas, and abundantly with Barley and Oats; Wheat sold readily
In South America.-Demerara, Essequibo, Berbice, Hens
colunier more than half of our commerce and manufactures would Auras, and the Falkland Isles; area, 165,000 square miles, or cator of what is good for us ; and in all instances of acquired sunk. On the 10th instant, oft' Scilly, fell in with the smack Cygnet, at Monday's prices ; and there was a fair steady demand for Barley
have had no existence ; that every interest of the country is caps- of Southampton in a sinking state and took, off the crew at that day's rates. Irish Oats of good quality, and in fine condition,
10.1,61 ,th acres, with a population of 120,000. - tastes, such as that fOr ardent spirits, it always sn the first place Columbia, Tho' rntona from Bombay for London, is abandoned at nict a good demand at Monday's quotations, but the inferior and
ble of indefinite entirgeinitni by the Ariher extension of our colo- expresses its dislike, at sea heated sorts, as well as English and Scotch Oats, were difficult of
nies-we do. think that all such proposals as that of which we In the West Indies.-Jamaica Trinidad,
_Teleateo Grenada
Sc. Vincent, B• b• .1 St. Lucia,'• ' • Antigua,'Arnelie, Laford, hence at Nantes disposal, and where sales were forced lower pricers must have been
. ar ar oes, Do.ninica, Mont-are now writing are entitled to the favourable regard of the teo- .' When mastication is finished, deglutition or swallowing
Catnoens B .yeses, and Daniel hence at Oporto accepted. Beans and Peas were firm at Monday's rates.
serrat, Nevis, St. Kitt's, Anguilla, Torto3a, and the Virg,in commences. Persons in swallowing press the lower jaw against T • 13 ' from V• ' ' •
vartment and of the country. Already the colonies which '-'we Trig, oz. Monte ideo, at Cowes ; lost sails, bulwarks, &c. -
Isles, New Providence and the Bahama Isles, St. George's and the upper one, and the windpipe is forcibly pulled forwards by hound to Antwerp
.11,ave painted in the southern hemisphere promise to render us inde- SMITHFIELD MARR.ET, LONDON, FEB. 14.
the Bermuda Isles ; area, 13,000 square miles, or 7,720,000 a -variety of muscles, so as to allow room for the gullet to Hem mitaae, —, from New Orleans for Havre, Was spoken 26th
pendent of the continent of Europe for our supple of wool: and allotwithstanding the supply of Beasts in our market this morning
sv, ell out. The enilet being expanded the morsel tumbles into Jan. in
acres? population, 1,000,000. • • ... a . . lat. 48 211, 10117. 20 20, carried away rudder head in gale
olony in Neu, Zealand might render ug eventually independent of • was limited, and the weather favourable to slaughtering, the demand
In Africa.-The Cape of Gond Hope, Mauritius, Mahe,'and it, and down it must go. At the back of the mouth there is a
the arslsv°e'rf;"tle7aAintarl'ostailielrai'f,incesDepau, were in contact to-day in
even for the primest Beef was throughout the day heavy, owing to
Risssia for our Hemp, at the same time that it might have the the Seychelles Islands, St, Helena, Ascension, Sierra Leone, beautiful curtain hanging, dewn, called an uvula, or little grape, the buyers offering much lower terms than the salesmen were willing
The Sarah
, Maria, sai'eal fro7Plnt Bantal •
effect of opening more extensive and more profitable marketsil j for, Liverpool, and the,
Beside this are what i, called the tonsils. 'rhis curtain is forto sribniit to. With 'Sheep We were tolerably well supplied, both as
the Gambia Accra Cape Coast &c area ' Eio 000 • e squar . Britannia, for Pernambuco, 3rd Jan.
, • . T • a sauce, was to sail fo
for our manufactures anion, the islands , -
.of the east, and along 16' ay xi
miles, or 0, 0,0( acres; population, 350,000. Liverpool about 11th tit Jan.
the whole western snore of Seuth America."heavy, at a depression of from 2d to 4d per Sibs. The supply of
In Australia.-New South Wales, Van Diemen's Land, curtain lilts up to allow the passage of the food. Behind the Royal' William, Irven, and Gipsey, Campbell,!eance at Bahia
' ' ThiS passage, proceeding from an organ of the polio- Swan River, Kin King George's Sound, South Australia. Norfolk curtain are the Laces, which are two passages from the nostrils Lord Hungerford, —, from London for Calcutta, at the Maud a decline of d per 8- Caltes, though very litbited. was more than adequate to the demand,
2lbs. having taken place.
cal-economical party, is, we repeat, eminently curious. Island, &a.; area, 500,000 square miles, or 320,000,000 acres; to the back of the mouth. There is also a passage from the ties
ary Mr N
Non,M Bartlett, sailed from Valparaiso for Coquimbo and Arica -
When -the saline of i powerful and imPortant ootony population, 120000. mouth to the ears, by which we hear sound; and Indian jug-
24th Oct, and the Veert, Clietsitzess, far Islay 2,ltai, .
TICKETING .FOR LEAD .ORES,
In Asia.-Ceylon, area, 21644 square miles, or 11,771160 "lets, by letting threugh the dilltrlg of the ears, are enabled to Gilbert Henderson, from Ilambro' for Jamaica, was to sail for Liver-
like Canada is in questiOn, the economists are never AT THE WHITE HORSE INN. HOLYWELL, FEB. 8.
acres ; population, 1,000,000. disaarge eitnultaneoUsly smoke through the nostrils and ears. pool about 10t a. Lot. Mine, Tan,. Price. Buyers.
weary of attempting to show, that its retention involves In Europe.-Gibraltar, Malta G C
ozo, Corfu, Cephalonia, . . . . , . .... . 1 Telergoch. 61 .... ll 15 0 .... Eyton.
a'miohty loss to England : when some ricketty attempt Zante, Santa Maura, Ithaca, Pax'o, o, Ceti: '
eo, Sze., and Heligo- 2 Ditto 16 .... • 9 16 0 .... Mather az Co.
TELEGRAPH OFFICE, FEBRUARY 15. •
3 . Ditto .16 .... 13 7 6 ~.. Roskell & Co.
at colonisation is about to be made, the economists (if land; area, 1,5U0 square miles,l or 1 000 000 , „ acres; popula- PERPETUAL FIRE OF BAIi.U.
tiou 400 000 4 Ditto 19 .... 13 11 0 .... Eyton.
they are to hate the superintendence of the job) assure ' ' • - 28 .... 12 8 6 .... Nevaon, Lyon & Co.
Wind at Holyhead, S.E.-Light breeze yesterday. • 5 • Milwr.
rotal under the Colonial Secretary.-1 750000 square miles, The littlef kb • S • •
promontory
o , sheron on the Caspian ea is one Off Isle of Man.
s vvith the utmost eathestness, "that every interest of
qal to 1,120,000,000 acres- with- ' ' 'ditto, inward hound,' at '8 a.m. yesterday, No. 40
50 .... 15 18 0 •• .. Eyton.
, a populationof - Foxtlale.
the country is capable of indefinite enlargement by the 5e *u• )OWfB - • h '
00( I) rills.. sUbjects, and daily increasing. Georgia, and was once considered a part of Asia; but since horn, ase -248, Victori•t A S from New
A.S. a . York-647, Alexander Cornwall.
further extension of our colonies." The languages used in these different colt •"embrace the mtes it has become a province of Russia, it has been reckoned as Grar'd, B.S. at 930 a.m. ' . from Savannah-and 1170, Formosa, B.S. at British Silver Lead)
,„. Eyton.
No truth can be less questionable than that embodied English,. French, Dutch. Spanish, Italian -I tuguese, Greek, fortnin, a ortion of Europe, The serf •• f V 11 30 a.m. from Neata..Orlearis. . 7 and Copper )416,-- 1.3 86 .
in this latter proposition ; but if th ' 't• . • ' e propos! ion in ques- „-.
Niallese, Cingalese, &c. '- °I. , P .. ••at e o ne promontory off
is barren almost destitute of water, and utterly bare of trees. Dolvheridaoutward bound yesterday, No 1191 Nightineale Mining ompany. J
at 730 a tit f n . '-`-' •'
Pernambuco--` • 8 Ditto al., ~ 13 11 6 .... Erten.
or emerara-51. Paragon, at 8 am. for Ihe laws are more or less based on the customs of the different • •
tibia be undeniably true, in reference to the formation of ' d with h ' ' ' ' ' '' • •
Its soil is sentrate napt a, a very inflamniable bituminous and 1514, Ebenezer, at la p.m. for Weymouth. •
nations from whom these lanu. • AN ACCOUNT OF CATTLE,
. . . languages are derived, and from whom oil, which, in spree parts, rises to the Surface of the earth spOu- Off Point Lvnas, inward bound,. yesterday, at 11 a.m. No. 244,
,new colonies, its truth becomes moreirresiStible. a him- •
we ol,tained the pusses ions. . Isaac Hicks i Imported into' Liverpool, front the 7th to ' the 13th, inSt.
taneously and may be found by digging 'alinost every where.
~._.. , from New .Orleans-803, Cha/aO,, from Laguna-1210, FROM IRELAND,
deed-fold, in reference to the retention of. colonies of the The religious embrace '
the
.Enelish, Episcopalian Dutch, i yp• aces enormous quantities of similar in nature to • '!.ipier. from Jameicaa-648, Dart, from Bristol-' 543, sisters, (not
. . •COws. Sheep. Pigs: Horses. Mules. Calves. Lambs.
a tanip or Canada! Lutheran, Roman Catholic, and churches,Greek'with' various - n ra"-
- I
our coal -ail };as, issue in orifices ie theearlh ; this gas the quite sure` 703, Chieftain att 12 at neon frem B-azila
Ofla Point 'L - " . (I'l • -(1 ' ' T - d - .• •N 15'8
ynas, inwar mun on ues ay, at 4.p.m,•i o. .a , - _ ... 898 794 4176 36,
.P 0
.17
'The Globe justly observes that "the colonies which shades of Pagan idolatry and forms of worshia.it
inhabitants'employ 'to light their houses, by conductiug Emu rant, from Savannah-16(8 ,Driahts front Africa-1177: Ivi aa- -Previousla .. 6844 8139 '24585 110 '' •
1-t 16 22
The value of the inaritinte commerce of the above-mentioned . COASTW/sE.
we have planted in the southern hemisphere promise to - -,from lama-109, Hercules; front oi e
through tithes, 'similar in princiPle 'lO our teis •-6• th u h net.from nerhiee-516, Ellen ' ' ' ' ' M b'l
r, PIP s, ‘: g
sessions IS in the segregate L 35 000
_ .
~ „000 per annum, and t'ne and 1882, Elila Warwick, from New Orleans. Costs. *Sheep. Pigs, Horses,
more tennis,/ in constrnetrun. They use it also as' feel to dress - orses. Calves, Lambs.
• 1/9 ••2694 538 0 0 0
reader us independent of the continent of Europe,' fur ("
value or the property, public' and private; moveable and im- their food, to Warm their dwellings, and far' many other par- -
Previously 429 7911 3558 15 44 0
our supply of wool." True; and to us the maintenance moveable, in lands, houses, roads, forts, canals, skips, trading poses. 'The centre of action of this fiery tnatter is near the town . LATEST DATES AT LlVERpooti. .
and extension of that " independence" has always been stock, and horses, oxen, shesp, &c., is L 450,000,000. 'of Baku, the chief place of the territory. . From 'Direct. I.lndirect.' Fr'inn •
---,-- _
Dlreq indirect.
PACK.ET BOATS.-4ALMOUTH sii"ri N
A 0
an object of anxiety. We have, therefore, always ad- Let 113 add to this the immense • India, ' ' ' • • • '
empire of pos- .1 he•ancient Persians were worshippers of fire ; they adored Calcutta .. ' INov. ..I 6 Maratrbam Dec ....28
Jan ....la GENERAL POST-OFFICE.-Feb. 9, -1837.-
yocated t.:e cultivation of colonial rather than of forogn sensed and governed by Great Britain wit!] • 1
Its popu a- the sun as its source,. and in his absence they' kept up perpetual Bombay.... INov. ..30 N. Orlearis
Jan a... 16
tilde--and of bonze trade in preference even to colonial. tiori of one hundred millions,
an wit s every e iaraeter d • I ' I fives as his. representative. The ad:tante of the NI t',hainrrietlan . t
ILITILLI, .„
Ili.) Jaileiro Oct ....31 Alobile . ,
. Jan ....17 Mails made --
. . s Dec... 18 Savannah . DESTINATION. Last Packets, ' Next PaCket
i elieion extingnished, in a great • measure the faith of the fire- B.,ye s• Jan ....17 up in
Fol‘ these ro4srons, we should rattler witness the esta- ands pecies of soil and climate, and • •
mate, notion.. more will - 'll ' ''
London.
, worshippers; but some remains of the ancient believer§ are cull Pernambuco 21 New York. Jan ....24
biialltnent att colony in Nes Zealand than the eaten- be necessary to show• ' f B ''
'
the justice o Isonaparte s Ire• ~found scattered in Persia, and Mane Of their body have been ,___ -
__ajeee_ -- -- -----2--e-, ------- Hollend..
__.
SlOll of, the free-trade system in Europe; but we should, quent exclamation,-that there only of . . was one way ef- long settled in India, particularly at Bombay, where they con- • • 'Tries: Fri Mon. 8z Thins,
eeI'LIVERPOOL 'FIDE- TABLE. Hamburg &,Swed. Tues. & Fri: Tues. & Sethi..
at the.sarne time, rather witness an honest attempt to fectuallv subduing England, that .f I • her stitute a Very respectable and influential portion of the VP'
o assailing ler in
reelaiin the waste lands of England and of Ireland, than ships, her commerce, and her These,
lation The perpetual fire of Baku would naturally be an /Amy, •
Mr,z. Ern. 1•' lit. i hladeira Liverpool
. • Saturdays .. 1 e' Tagus,
Spain & Gibialt. Feble 5. Feb. 13.
object of attraction to these people ; and we accordingly find -.----_______ ___—•—e-el
theasiost successful attempt to form a colony in Nett are the feeders of our nationall 1
greatness,
and et one or that - -, ent , Matte and Greece.. Feb. 5,
. they have, • from a remote period, had an establishment
... ;se IT. 11. ILI, F. I. , 2nd &turd. 1..
E,
Zealand; or elsewhere. The sentiments which we have more of the principal of them be cut off by foreign re- there. They have enclosed with a' high walla spot of ground, T v us sets 81m 4m even.
necdaYe•••l3 • 117 132 j 16 8 en -DV arid India .. 4th Saturday
just quoted from the Globe are in short in admirable ac- hellion, or domestic faction or treason andshall , we soon f
.. , , . .. edneaday.
from which a vast quantity of gas issues, which the meas.
Thursday • ' a '
14 144 2 4 1.5 11 IValentine.
• -1.) lal9 2 (3415 3 ; Mars sets 51-1 10in even. Madeira
Brazil & Blst Tuesday B. Opossum, ILM,B: Seaga'
Ayres. each month. Jan. 5. Feb. 23.
cordance with the sentiments on these subjects which we become a dry and withered trunk 11 I • •, a t sa, remains ous
Of k b • Th. lace h• b described b - I travel-
eep urning. is p as beeny several A Fridat 13 ' •• ' 6h r - - '
' : ..... 16 I 2 52 311i14 1 . upiter rise§ 1m even. America let Wedru .-s insets., Jan. 6, 11.M.8. Alert,
Have always professed ; but how the establishment of the will soon follow the fateoflimbs.' which
the we have lost, ''
lera their ost recent of whom, a Russian, whose journal was Saturday ....17 ' 330 352'12 10 ; Saturn in c. Moon 7.37 Oren Is, arnai. L'ward
Ist day Of ' WM. B. Linnet, Feb.. 10..
II Al B. Swift,
ppociple of "independence of the continent of Europe" and We shall become an example . f • üblished in 18.33, arrived on the spot by night. "We saw the Sunday
• our arrival.
, flame," he says at a considerable distance before o . lB 419 4 5 ~1 11 - 9 Sexagesima Sunday•
rises lh 3
Nlonday 'l9 528 611 11 2 ISaturn 9in morn. Laeuir
1181. & Hayti..
~ a , each month.
, e a Feb. 3.
'Feb. 23.
ilia!) be reconciled with the Globe's general theory of in national, as well as in •" private affairs, courage is ge- It was a singular spectacle, four principle jets of flame were - a 15th day of 11.M.8. Pandora Nightingale,
trade we leave t -•
/Wee c - , . 1) our contemporary to determine. nerally the best part of prudenceand that- none ar e first visible, and as we got nearer, a considerable number of Emporo. . vans
{Jamai. L'ward
'5 eabh nidnth. 'Jan. 17. 'Feb.'2l.
an, in the meantime, only congratulate hit] on his ready to assist those who are indolently and ignothini- smaller ones began to stew themselves springing, from ' the 15th day of B.'Sbeldrake, H.St .B. Pigeon
_----see---- 'I I. &lliiyti•le ijai, March lb.
ground. The four jets rose to a great height, and illuminated'
apparent conversion to the true faith. Is
1 ously. wanting in their own self-defence. AFRICA. Carthaeena .-- month, j eac 1 . 17.
all the serrotindino country.' which is barren and desert. At
___

'prlnß. LAWS FUR IRELAND.
(14'ronz Standard.)
One of the measures which .:have truri,
attention of Parliament is the Irish PoOr Law Bill, a
measure long since demanded, and the only one calcu-
lated to diminish the sufferings of that unhappy eim-
try.
If we survey the state and condition of any nation
upon earth, examine the history and resources of king-
doms, compare the relative advances of 'each in freedom,
Civilization, or trade, we shall perceive in all some com-
mon principle, some quickening spirit, some active and
intelligible incitement to effort, some gradual course of
improvement, until over-luxury and over refinement
haioi relaxed and enervated the muscles of Some ; others
fallen either by powerful adversaries, or by the
ipontaneous combustion of internal warfare; and others
endured in spite of time, lassitude, and the belligerent
aggressions of hostile neighbours.
We shall in vain look for another poor and Wretched
isle,"cbrniecteil by treaty and botind under one Sove-
teiguty with a rich and powerful state, grovelling in the
very dust of abject need, and embracing within its ocean-
belt two millions of paupers,—we shall in vain search
tear a parallel to the frightful impoverishment of Ireland
in the whole volume of limnan history.
How, why, wherefore is it thus ? How is it that we
find one portion of the empire prosperous, free, and full
of activity; another sluggish, famished, rind lieart4aro-
ken ? The causes are manifold. Would Ireland long
remain in the state she is with an English or Scotch po-
pulation? Would her rivers flow idly on unburdened
with navigation—her green fields put forth grass, and
know no season for the plough, no seed-time, no harvest
-,—and her children rho naked by the wayside—and her
women travail in affliction ? No ! The position of the
Protestant population in Ireland demonstrates the real
causes of her difficulties—namely, her ignorance, sub-
jection to priestly tyranny, her superstition, her apathy,
prejudices, and violence, her immemorial prostration, her
unchanged-barbarism, her fatal rejection of that liberty
which has blest so long the inhabitants of this country,
her unyielding tenacity to the errors and slavery of three
Centuries since. The path of Protestantism in Ireland
is marked with prosperity as with an enchanter's wand,
but Popery bath produced and perpetuated a moral and
physical wilderness, and where it governs may be ascer-
tained by the dearth around, as of old it was said that
everything faded When approached by an evil spirit.
The Stinggles:and Conspiracies of religious hostility
have'banished capital from . the land, . except in districts
where confidence is insured by the presence of freedom.
The small farmer, scared from his fields by bloodshed and
rapine, has fled to the colonies. Manufactures in Ire-
land are -,yofully limited. Al! the agencies f 'commerceare. defeethe. Distrust, party rancour, ii,iimidatiOn, hi •
gotry, and endless contests, have conjointly occasioned a
state-of things which has been gradually darkening un-
til two millionsOf persons • are devOnrecrby bed-6-ary—'
. 4,0 .

.01.2i;J

fivai4

The little promontory of Absheron on the Caspian Sea is one
of the most singular regions in the world. It is situated in
Georgia, and was once considered a part of Asia ; but since
it-has become a province of Russia, it has been reckoned as
forming a portion of Europe. The surfaCe of the promontory
is barren, almost'destitute of water, and 'utterly bare of trees.
Its soil is saturated with naptha, a very inflammable bituminous
oil, which, in some parts, rises to the surface of the earth spear-
taneouslv, and may be found by dieting -almost every where.
in many places enormous quantities of gas,' similar in nature to
our coal or oil gas, issue in orifices in the'earlh ; this gas the
inhabitants 'employ •to light their houSes, by conducting it
through tubes, "similar in principle to our giis pipes, thitugh
more ciunisy in constrnct ion. They uSe it also -as-fuel to dress
their food, to warm their dwellings, and for' many other pur-
poses. The centre of action of this fiery 'Matter is near the town
'of Baku, the chief place of the territory.
•The•ancient Persians were worshippers of fire; they adored
the sun as its source; and in his absence they kept up perpetual
fires as his• representative. The ad:,'antie of the NlOhathrrietlan
religion extinguished, in 'a great measure the faith of the fire-
worshippers; but some remains of the ancient believers are still
found scattered in Persia, and Many of their body have been
long settled in India, particularly at Bombay, where they con-
stitute' a bury respectable and influential' portion of the popu-
lation. -The perpetual fire of Baku would naturally be an
object of • attraction to these people ; and we accordingly find
that they have, • from a remote period, had an establishment
there. They have enclosed with a high wall a spot of ground,
from which 'a
vast quantity of gas issues, which they always
keep burning. This place has been described by several travel-
lers, the roost recent of whom, a Russian, whose
.journal was
published in 18-33, arrived on the spot by night. "We saw the
flame," he stqs "at a considerable distanee before our arrival.
It was a singular spectacle, four principle jets of flame were
first visible, and as we got nearer, a considerable number of
smaller ones began to shew themselves springing from the
ground. The four jets rose to a great height, and illuminated'
all the surrounding country,' which is barren and desert. At
last we saw a high wall of white stone, above which rose four
great tubes like chimneys; from these tubes issued the columns
of flame we had first seen. We thought ourselves in the neigh-
bourhood of a palace of fairies."
Nothing is known of the state of this place in very remote times;
but it is described'by the Arabian author, Massudi, who wrote
900 years ago. He speaks-of a mine-of white naptha at Baku,
from which a column of flame rises to a great height, %isible on
every side at a distance of 100 farsangs. As one farsang on the
loWest computation, must he much more than a mile, and pro-
bably three or four, the oriental style of exaggeration is evident
in -this estimate, as it is in what follows, unless the state of
things be greatly altered; "it makes a noise like thunder, and
throws up inflamed masses of rock beyond the reach of sight."
We are not aware of any European writer who mentioned
this place earlier than the Russian traveller, Alexander Isltkitin,
Who saw it 'on his wily to Iddia in 1170; and be merely says
that he saw at Baku the fire which burns eteinally.
The fire-worshippers at Baku generally reside at that un-
healthy spot •a longer or shortertime, aecording to the fervour
of their faith. The shortest residence is five years; many stay
there eight; and very few, who are considered in the light of
saints, remain there until death. As the Russian writer calls
them Hindus, they are probably all from India. They live
solely on vegetables, cultivated by their own hands; taasi each
mail dresses and eats his icioir.alaie Theiranainten.
ance is deriVed chiefly frorn the charity of their fellow-worship-
pers, one orwhom, named Oturnd, now residing at Astrakhan,
furnishes the greatest portion. The owners Of vessels navigating
the Caspian Sea alga frequently send them considerable presents,
as a sort of payment for thr.'.betiefit received from the fire main-
tained in• the four-lofty chimneys' before MentiOned, which con-
stitutes an excellent lighthouse. _

Our traveller describes the appearance of the interior of the
enclosure as -very imposing. "We were struck with astonish-
ment," he says, "at the sight before us. We found ourselves
in a vast square perfectly light, and in the midst we saw a
building, from which issued four large.and lofty tubes vomiting
flame. The cells of the Hindus are placed all round the walls.
* * The Hindus, with no other covering than a girdle
and a turban, came out of theirs
many of m had o
cells. The dark com:::rubran,
of
their skin, their loose hair (for, as
it hung at full length in disorder), and the leanness of their
bodies, which showed nothing but bones, produced on us. very
singular sensations. The first who accosted us introduced us
into his cell: the only furniture was a miserable carpet and
two pitchers; but a beautiful rose-bush stood outside the door.
* The cells were mostly small; flames were spouting
out in nearly all of them, either directly from holes in the floor,
or from clay tubes driven into the ground, which answer the
purpose of candles."
In the midst of the enclosure is the place where these people
burn their dead. It is a cave dog iu the eat th, about six feet
square awl three deep, and is covered with broad flat stones.
This vault, lilt every other opening made in the ground, is al-
ways filled with gas. When a fire-worshipper dies, the survi-
vors smear his body with butter, and place it over the vault :
they then set fire to the gas, which comes through the interstices
between the stones, and the body is thus consumed. They
after Wards carefully gather up all the ashes which have fallen
through into the vault, and throw ,Lent to the winds. Thus
ends the ceremony.

The gas is evidently of a similar nature to what we use, though,
as it is :aid to he a. ithout smell, and to have -no effect on the
breath, it is probab'y parer.than that which our establishments
produCe. Its flame, sof a. yeliowish:white, and s.--!ry brilliant.
This shows that it cannot be pure 1-I,l.rogen. which, burns with
a faint blue flame. The twat it gives ,out in burnim: is very
great, sufficient to calcine lone ; and;it is largely used for this
purpose by the people of the country. When mixed with com-
mon air, it becomes explosive.

Hindostan, (334) C Jackson, from Africa, with 731 eks palm oil, 4
elephants' teeth, qty B goods rctd, T Harrison and co—Q H

INDIES AND MADEIRA

Lydia, (277) J Edington, from Jamaica, 7 hhds sugar, 3t hrls cof-
fee, 62 baons pimento, 150 tons logwood, J C Nicholson-,45 puns 2 hhds
rum, 19 bags pimento, 2:,0 biAes, 79 logs cedar, It W Appleton-2I
hhds sugar, J and Son-33 puns tuns, 4 logs inahogahy, C
Lawrence and Son-26 'lb& sugar, 5 puns rum, REagott=2 hrls 7 tees
coffee, 19 logs -cedar,- 14 casks 74 bags 1 hf hag pimento, W and It
Gladstonel log mahogany, 13 packages .presents, order-4 kegs
tamarinds, 3 bids palm oil, the master—P D

PREMIUN

6iS' OF tSS

LONDON ft LIVERPOOL,
(Sailing before 12th Jan.;
to

RANGE AT L

Jamaica
Leeward Isl. Demerara Rz Berbice.
Hondnras -•
New York, Boston
Charleston, Savannah
New Orleans
I
Havana 2th Jan
Canada
British North America
Newfoundland
Brazils
River Plate
East Indies

Company's Ships
Batavia
New South %Vales
Cape of Good Hope
Africa '
Gibraltar
Lima, Valparaiso, &c.
Malta, Sicily, Sze.
Smyrna and Constantinople
Malaga
Madeira
Western Isles, Cape de Verds
Lisbon
Cadiz
France
Holland
Hamburg, Bremen, &c.
Gottenburg,.Stockholm
Petersburg, Riga. &c.
OPorto

LIVERPOOL AND MAIN

Outward.

25s 1)&4 30s Oct
20 0— 0 0
30 0 --. 35 0
40 0 —35 0
30 0 --'4O 0
15 o. 40 o
40 0 =- 70 0
0 0= 0 0
0 0— 0 0
30 0 --'45 0
25 '0 -- 30 0
35 '0
-- 40 0
4 o' :50 0
45 a-- 5 U
'45 0-50 0
40 0 -- 50 0
30 0-40 0
25 0-30 0
20 0-25 0
45 0-70 0
25 0-35 0
25 07— 35 0
20 0-30 0,
15 0-- 20 0
20 0 -- 30 0
15 0-20 0
20 0-- 25 0
10 0 -- 15 0
10 6 -- 15 0
II 6-15 0
60 0-70 0
0 o—. 0 0
15 0-20 0

.OYD'S

after IA Aug.
50s Ode 60:•04
20 0 -- 25 0
140 0 —l5O 0
20 0-25 0
zO 0 -- 25' 0
40 ,0 --AO 0
100 0 —l4o 0
0 0— 0 0
0 0— 0 0
'4O 0— 0 0
20 0 -- 60 0
3.5 0— 0 0
40 0-50 0
45 0 -- 50 0
'45 0 -- 60 0
40 0-60 0
30 0-40 0
31 0 --120 0
15 0-20 0
40 0-- 50 0
20. 0 -- 25 0
20 0-30 0
20 0-25 0
15 0-20 0
20 0-25 0
15 0 -- 20 0
'l5 0-25 0
10 6 -- 15 0
10 6•— 15 • 0
10 6-15 0
40 0-- 50 0
45 0-- 80 0
15 0— 0 0

'CHESTER RAILROAD:

Times of Departure of the aoaelt Twins for Manchester from
the Railway Stationin Lime-street.
FIRST CLASS. SECOND CLASS.
Seven o'clock. Two o'clock. if-past Seven. Three o'clock.
Nine o'clock. Five o'iloCk. Ten o'clock. 4-past Five.
Eleven o'clock. Seven o'clock. Twelve o'clock. Seven o'clock
N.B.—Corresponding Trains start from Manchester at the same
hours.

On Sundays, the only departures are,—in the morning a Second-
class Train at Seven, and a First-class Train at Eight; and in the
afternoon, a First-class Train at Five, and a Second-class Train at
half-past Five.

GRAND JUNCTION RAILWAY I, ROM B.II3NUNGHAM
-TO LIVERPOOL AND 'MANCHESTER.

HOURS OF DEPARTURE AND ARRIVAL.
ARRIVAL AT
LIVERPOOL AND MANCHESTER.
h. m.
A.M 11 4a o'clock A.
A.M - 145 .. p.
A.M 415 .. P.
P.M.
9 45. .. F.
P AI
.. r.
-FROM ARRIVAL
LIVERPOOL AND MANCHESTER. AT •BlEmiNonAm.
First Class
Mixed
First Class
First Class
Mixed
10 15 .. r.
First Class
Holies and Carriages shthild be at thr Stations, and booked Half an
hour before the time of starting.

FROM BIRMINGHAM.

m.
First Class
Mixed
First Class
First Class
Mix6d 1.30
First Class 7 0

On SUNDAYS the four First Class Trains only, with the addition of
Second Class Coach s, will start at the same hours as on the week
days, sit will not take up and set down Passengers at any but the
six principal stopping places.

LO,VD3N GAZE TTE.----TuEsDATits. 13.

PA lITN Ell S I-1 PS DISSOLVED.

T. Willacy and 11. K. Willacy, Liverpool, painters—J. Thorntott
and C. Chapman, Alaneliester. cloth-dressers—l. Hinehelift and W.
Lowe, Chester, woollen-drapers—J.-Janes and H. Taylor, Chester;
spirit-dealers.

BANKRUPTS.
Henry Richard Warren, Liverpool, brower, to surrender Feb. ,rt,
March '47, :It one, at the Clare nlon Rooms, Liverpool. Solicitors, Mrs
Mallaby, Liverpool ; and Mr. Westmacott, Gray's Inn, London.
John Watson and James Watson, Grawfurd-street, liryauston-squares
'Lond,,n, linen-drapers.
•James Inglis, Basinghall-street, London, merchant.
Edward Dyball, Norwich, gun-maker.
John Moore and Edward Raisbeck, Dewsbury, Yorkshire, iron,
'founders.

John Thomas Twells, Tatnworth, Staffordshire, draper.
Thomas Jenkins, Brecon, maltster.
lletiry Horton Cooper, WestbrOinwich, Staffordshire, wharfingers
Francis Deakin, Birmingham..tirnher-merchant.
Peter Woolley, Ross, Herefordshire, tailor.
Frederick Parker, Northampton, •npholgterer.
_ DIVIDEINDS. V I DEIN DS.

Marqh f, It. Graves, Liverpno , rope-manufacturer—March 8, A. W;
'Collard, Li verpobl. meithant—lthlrCh 5.W. Bailey, sen. and W. Bailey;
jun. Whitecross-street, London, curriers—March 7, W. Jones, Wig:
,inore-street, Marylebone, carpenter—March 8, R. Hutchinson and It.
Hutchinson, jun. MiiithieS, -London, carriers—Maith 8, S. Stuart,
-Pall-mall, London, milliner—March 8, G. Craddock, Store-streetl
lßedford-square, London. chetnist—March 8, R. Carr, Ileadington,
Oxfordshire, butcher—Mara-1'12; J. ,Dale, Wisbech St. Peter's, ezitn-•
'bridgesoire, woolleii-dr., per—March 9, S. Lloyd, Manchester, calico..
printer—. March I I, J. Johnstone, Newport, 111onmouthshire, grocer—
March 10, N. Gough, Salford, cotton-spinner=-4el). 28, J. Peake and
T. Hall, Market-street, Litchfield, Lancashire, ironttiongersiMarcle
LI, P. Gans, Manchester, cotton-spinner March 7, T. Preston, Mari-
‘chester, draper,
