1827—therefore abandoned in 1828, and not re
nr;
the close of 1829, when the new light was discovereatero
I again repeat,
ethat a It t believeem p ts tthe
exciterevenue
public ;cheeliso
aloe
Braziliensis 0
your, by bringing forward Cie present deranged site
~,
London Sugar Refiners. He tells us, that at this ebo
there were 216 pans at work there, and now only 61, 1a
assigned no reason for this change, although he the °c
introduced the cause for another object. This year t't eti
ply of sugar is open to the refiners that they had faote
the last, at prices under those they then paid' ,die
not at that period permitted to use foreign sugar i
reduction from 216 to 61 pans to be explained, suPrOl
fetto be correctly stated ? I believe the toll fi
and injurious change (for it is not less so to the Pr"iros'
than to the British Refiner,) is one with which Br°z:l joy
not permit us to grapple by similar means. France' 01
to her home beet root sugar manufacture of ab°ce 110
annually, imports more sugar from her colonies tha
sumes, but she does not, as Braziliensis requires °fug;
planters unprotected to struggle against the foreign g",°,o
the last year she has paid a bounty equal to 15a.
15,
exportation of her refined sugars, whilst on e-addit'
standing all the restrictions in labour, and hear).
ct
penses to which our planters are subjected by et
and which are unknown in the foreign colonies,
most nominal bounty received is under 2s , and
batta
obtained by the admission of the molasse; is for 1"0
poor! Under such disadvantages, it is impossiblettlie
can maintain competition in the foreign market', 0,4
which is, therefore, at present in the hands of 1
this alone I believe is to be attributed the distresor,
the refining trade for export, in which the Dritisll
largely participates.
I now come to the strangling case, which Bra-dile:;
a triumph, but he may, probably, soon discover thst„
"all is vanity," if not " vexation of spirit be r *
to be aware, that such productions of the Unite" h
imported and admitted for consumption here, sticca the
rice, &c., are also admitted on the same terms fro
and carried on the same conditions in the shill"l1 ofr
country under the reciprocal system. But do ,ve of the
admit the sugar .of New Orleans as well as that °
and for the same reason, that we have enough nt.°l),:tbt
is not the case with the other articles brought fr% to
States or the Brazils, and we are, therefore,
them from all countries. I ask, then, where is ,thheibt
between our trade with the Brazils and that vitt"tteo
States ? and may it not have turned out, that hY,,,°,
prove too much, Braziliensis has strangled hiinse%i. ept
He next professes to lament the want of erol)l°Y-01
tish ships in the Brazil trade, and that foreigners catep
of the produce shipped for British account. It No
60 to 70 British ships sail annually to the Brat of
British manufactures, averaging, probably, 8% th°
makingactually
liy
employedtw• two voyageseach
o r
35
—and
dy
thatear, the r cd, nrcittods:,
cotton are of little comparative importance• t
emoverx,oohapbpaelne,s that,hae obneentheananvuearlalgye
iomfported
of
the last
to
from the Brazils, which, at 1500 bales for
t° s
have loaded above 100 ships, or 30 to 40 more t;ll,bee°
tier loaded outwards ! Where then has this eee.-- 0
must they not either have gone from this or s°/°:
ter in ballast? But my supposing so is perharr-s3iir
that unfortunate ignorance of mercantile mat
te
Braziliensis is so fond of charging me. at ,
But foreigners are to be found loading 100
greater numbers than British ships, (probablY t
for Lisbon,) and they go there in ballast. Wh,i3i,p/I
to prevent British ships doing the same, if s°
would they not do so, if they did not find 01°1- "ifee
ployment elsewhere than carrying sugar and
burgh, or even to Liverpool, at 2s. 6d. or 3s. Per li '
in my last letter, that foreigners were subjectilooliti
to the same charges that British ships were. I' r
as quoted by Braziliensis, to prove the contrary, °.e,erl9
in their own port, more than British are i 0 gl
Danes and Swedes, the ships found chiefly at ,1)14
in both. Another of his arguments is, that 113-o,le,
to act on his principles, and imports her sugar ad
bed
wherever she can buy.it best and cheapest, °or,
we should not do the same? My answer is obvie
has no colonies to protect. 111
We are then told that those connected ‘llpith
whose advocate he assumes to be, symPathittlhone
Indians in their present state of difficulty,
sures, were they to be adopted, would increase
es pot
throw back these feelings with contemPt• isbdoolt4
the measures about to be adopted here to VI", t of 0
our colonies, must, if in any degree consist° 'f
influence so as to exclude all produce the frnits °
tOl the
and intermenable foreign slavery, such as tit° rit;
whether these fruits be sugar, coffee, or cut° poo,
bacco. It is then no matter for surprise that beio-tieeo,
for the success of the measures he advocates' eivertl:f
ask him, if he can seriously expect that the copse°'l',
Legislature, or people of this countrY, they
sume the fruits of foreign slave labour, after
tiuguished it in our own colonies ? __After
As regards the Slave Trade to the 13razils• ig Cd
illegal, Braziliensis must know, that several vcs::ooclis
it were captured on that coast by British cruileoveoeo 01
ed. The animus is there; that it has not bee tor
6001
likely to be from either the want of incluceruciolt lo
purchase, the Brazilian Sugar Planters being
pc,
c° I
a very depressed state. .able • of
For centuries past it has been the invart
os of °t(
country to receive and protect the product°, Moot
and possessions, in common with those of th'-use, of
ell
in preference to Foreign States, and the ca 013311 )
ence must, I think, be obvious to all whose rtiostitie'il
verted.—This principle has been approved celt°„°')i
upon by the ablest and wisest statesmen 13- pee-sp
duced. It has, also, up to the present titne'tioatri
adopted by the leading governments of the °ll° C
by the United States, and even by the toe' lied
South America. Thus fortified, it sec° ad h
est
much that we should now be called urn° aeosA),'
yield up or abandon those old established s°b, Ne
this country has drawn so much of its strengt.ooirl,sti
portance, merely because certain foreigners:o)oll)
of our manufactures, and willing to pay for
shlif
ducts of their countries, employing some and 'o4o'
British ships, would, through these agellis„arrei,e $l4
invite us to do so, and who might then .tot °the
day after and break up the connection! "
his Of fir
be so cajoled by such theories, or the new pale
day—to the full enjoyment of them I shall 0°
and conclude with being, your's, 80.,

rIE~G
A

April 19th, 1833. -

TO THE EDI7T----------OR OF THE LIVERP°at 51:1; iill
observations
iniaf s
ter. I Absen
observeto3lll:C—
-of Mr. Wheatley, and that he • , fear as oite' tr
vas back,
tot
W.'s deer • ming a voyage to Jamaica erl6l fore,
rtoohmf
et
hthoeawsendj
oihtionars::
frtehtsch, eeni,tileibdiorrn:trgrer otce),.boneo :ro'ciii j
fered to frank him. It would appear, there
