THEATRE-ROYAL, LIVERPOOL

MISS CHAPLIN rclr
Has the honour respectfully to announce that her 13EN,-.• -
is fixed fur Tuts Eviiisi o. ( Friday,) the 20th instant, on whic4d
occasion, by permission of Lieutenant-Colonel Bradshaw, (2.11,1
the Officers of the 77th Regiment, the MILITARY BAN
will attend the Theatre, and, in the course of the Eveniug,lol
several favourite Overtures, &c.
rriIIIS present FRIDAY the 20th instant, Will be 0:r,
. formed Mrs. Cowley's favourite Comedy, (not acted uric
four years,) called
A BOLD STROKE FOR A HUSBAND ! ! !
Don Carlos Mr. Stuart.
• Don Ctu.sar Mr. Baker.
Don Julio Mr. W. How ,••
Donua Olivia (first time) Mis • haplin
Donna Victoria
Minette.... .Mrs. Claik
To conclude with the Grand° >ere c Drama of
GUSTAVUS THE D;
OR, THE. MASKED ALI.
Gustavus 111 Mr. Chaplin.
Osear....(his page)....Miss Chaplin.
Colonel Lillienhorn Mr. Frazer.
- Captain Ankaystrom....Mr. Horncastle.
Arvedsk.e ..Mrs. Stanley.
Tickets to be had of Miss Chaplin, I, Great Nelson-street
East; and of Mr. Parker, at the Box-office of the 'Theatre'
where places may be taken.

"
NTR. STUART respectfully announces to his Fr' s a
I_ll. the Public that his BENEFIT will to - Place ctl MONDAY next, the 23d instant, when will be p rmed Sha"l, ..
speare's Tragedy of
HAMLET, PRINCE OF DE ARK.
Hamlet....(first time at this The tr ....Mr. Stuart.
To conclude wi ,
THE BRIG D.
Alessandro Massaroni Mr. Stuart.
(With the Ritornella of "Gentle Zitella.") ' ,"t
Tickets may be had of Mr. Stuart, 228, B i
ridpor r°e"
the-Standard-office ; and of Mr. Parker, at the B -office.
9i

ANIL G. HOB NCASTLE most respectfu announces hs
BENEFIT, on WEDNESDAY next he 25th iota%
when will be revived (not acted here these en years) BrahaLa -
Comic Opera,
THE ENGLISH FLE IN J 312.
Fitzwalter • • r. G. Horucastle.
_ Mat Mainmast lr. Baker.

Jane de Mountfort.. ~. Mrs. Shaw.
A variety of Daucing.
After which. the. Laughable Burlesque of r_;
QUADRUPEDS. ,-#
Abrahamides - Mr. Baker. -- .. .
Dorothea Miss Chaplin. 7,1
To conclude with a Popular OPERA.
vt Il•
Tickets to be had of Mr. G. florncastle, No. 14, Cls:-°-
civare.
___.....-

THEATRE-ROYAL, MANCHESTER„,

17:4LIAN OPERA COM - PANY.
/.
MR. LESLIE, Proprietor.
/ Tgl
rIIHE Nobility, Gentry, and the Public of Manchestrtallar,
A_ its Vicinity, are respectfully informed that ffie 1 a
Opera will commence its Season at the abovAoisheatrs,;,
SATURDAY next, the 21st instant, when some the most c
brated and New Operas will be performed.
PRINCIPAL PERFORMERS.
Prime Donne—Madam Eiß)rlor,
(From the Italian Operas Lo ' and Paris.)
Signora Corti Pa ,
(From the Royal Theatres Na a and Milan.)
0
Miss A. M. Leslie.
Scconde Donne—Signora Faustini, Miss M. Harrag•
Primo Tenure—Signor De Val.
Primo Basso Cantante—Signor Paltoni.
Primo Buffo.Conaieo—Signor Marani.
Altro Basso—Signor Giubilei.
_ ---.
Altro Tenore—Signor Trovano.
Maestro al Cembalo—Siguor Shepens.
The Choruses and Orchestra will be full and complete' 4;
Further particulars will be given in future arlvertisement,L
-: ~ • - " Stage Manager—LUlGl MAW

Vrfn Eiberpool ,Stanbarb.

FRIDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 20, 153'

We have received New York papers to a very 181
'date. They are occupied with discussions on the "cca
question," which we have adverted to in another article;
and on the subject of slavery. Some very violent an
lawless proceedings had taken place in various parts ()('
the republic, the particulars of which are too long f°l'
our limited space. The following, however, will cover
a tolerably clear idea of what these people understand by
the word justice:—

Madison County, Sept. 20.
Dear Sir,—Since the trial and departure of Earl, our count/
has been blessed with uninterrupted tranquillity until within a.r eor
days past. The appearance of a notorious scoundrel, belones
to Captain Thomas Hudnall, of this county, threw the cod"
munity into a considerable excitement last week. He wee 53'd
to be one of the ringleaders in exciting the negroes to insurvec'
tion, by Dr. Cotton; likewise implicated. by other white men'
and by a number of negroes hung at Bertie's Bluff.
The guard attempted to take him immediately after the exec"'
Lion of Cotton, but could net succeed.
The committee of Livingston, before their adjournment, d°-
termined upon hanging him when he should be taken, theta
being no doubt as to his guilt; and being a dangerous boy, tbe
citizens also determined he should not live, if he was not se"'
tented by the committee. Ara
Consequently, when he came home, the citizens deman7-,
him of Captain J-ludnall. The boy heard what the people %IL" •
at,- and put out. By the laudable exertions of Mr. Hudnall'',
was decoyed into Livingston, and secured. tbe
By a committee composed of some of the members 13f,.
old committee, he was sentenced to be hung the same event
Under the gallows, he confessed he knew the conspiracY wa!, ;1
foot eight months ago. The first he knew of it was frog) .fln-3
Blake, (hung here on the 10th July,) be said he communicate,
it to him when at work with him, and told him he must kill 11,1 d
master first; this, he said, he did not iike to do. Blake, he sni
was alarmed at his manner, and told him if he would
nothing about it, that he would give him five dollars— which ye
did. Blake afterwards told hi* he was elected one of the
tains of the negroes, and that he must serve, &c. When
be
found he had to die, he told his master, if he was to be hunk ,
had others on the place who were as guilty as he was. It vcBl
thought by every person present, that the accusations were tna",,B
out of revenge, being of a most malignant disposition.
hie
cul
When the executioner Was about patting the rope around
neck, he began to think they were going to hang him in e,e
earnest, and determined to evade it, if rossible, by dodging
rope; and it was not until after a g_un was presented at 10;
ke,
that the rope could be put on his neck ; so great was hie d si
to live, althoiol his arms were tied after he was swung eit by
caught the rope above his head with his hands, and IDOL;
them for a minute. - ta
are'•

When the citizens learned Of his execution, it app,- f
give general relief and satisfaction. I think we may safely
this is the winding up act of the Livingston committee•
case will appear in full, on the, proceedings of the Livinai gth°o,
committee, now in preparation for publicatiom---%V`

Courier.

- .
asp......."...,rarnewnrass.r.sam.tnamo
In another part of this day's impression will be fola 1
a letter addressed to O'CONNELL by the Rev. 11°13°
M 'GHEE. This able, faithful, and distinguished dere;
man, has with great force struck-at the must-viol ifs;
in the whole question, particularly, as concerns the
t
papists who have seats in the British House of Comein°o
Comment upon it would, be superfluous, and thereiec/.
we leave tha reader to judge for himself.
With respect to DANIEL'S' other frauds—we mean 0
money fraud in the affair of RAPIL:t.EL---we have
say. The seat-seller has addressed a second letter to flit
Slaves of Carlow, whom he has sold more than once, b:
it does not whitewash the begrimed beggar. 00 t'i.e
contrary, both letters have rather tended to convince
most incredulous of the baseness and criminality of be
conduct. Had DANIEL been altogether silent-I°m
not noticed RAPHAEL'S correspondence at all, furl" t,
than by saying he would defend himself in parliatoet/o
some soft-headed peOple would have believed, and ago'
have asserted, that he had a good defence to offer. 10
however, no such plea can be put in for him. lin lust
defended and convicted himself in the same breath.
he intended to defraud, and did defraud RAPHAEL °I 11et•
wards of £2OOO (for RAPHAEL has paid upward ss,
£3,100) is as clear as the sun at noon day. Ail the
ter in the ocean—all the holy water in Christendoreir
would not wash oust this guilt ; and if he be not Pr,
nished for it, by some earthly tribunal, then We
there are thousands of persons in New South \Vales %s
have been exceedingly ill-used-by their country. 9
And "my son," Joust O'CONNELL, too, who vrs be
party to the shameful transaction, and who had ttei
money in his pocket at the time, or had it a few alio!
before he was sworn to try the merits of the Petiii°o.;
we hardly know what to say of him ! The best thiogd
can advise him to do is to accept the Chiltern Road' be
and join Colonel EvANS, in Spain, for he cannot'or
dare not ever*Rgain show his face in the House of C°
