IDOLATRY IN INDIA.

On Ti;esday a meeting "was held at the Amphitheatre,;iir pur-
suance of a resolution pa;sed at the late anuiverlary of the
Church Missionary Association, for the purpose of adOpting a
petition, praying the legislature to interfere in preventing the
subjection of British officers in India, military and civil, to at-
tendance to honour heathen and idolatrous worship and cere-
monies. The boxes of the spacious.,ainphitheatre Were nearly
filled with ladies, and a.considerable ndrubei of gentleinen oc-
cupied the pit. On the platform were a majority of the clergy
of the town and neighbourhood,. and amongst them several
ministers of various denominations of Christians. We should
imagine about 800 persons were present, of whom about two-
thirds were ladies. At the appointed hour Of meeting, twelve
O'clock, Adam Hodgson, Esq., took the chair.. After request-
inethe Rev. Mr..Buddicom to open the proceedings of the
meeting with prayer •
CHAIRNI&N said, it was hardly necessary for him to state,

that the subject on-which they were'tnet was one of deep and
serious importance, involving no less than the religious charac-
ter of this country and the religious liberty of a large and meri-
torious class of their fellow countrymen in India. It was a sub-
ject
perhaps less understood than many of those discussed in
those walls; and it Would therefore be his duty briefly to lay
before them a general statement of the case. The subject had
been met with two or three objections at the threshold. It had
been stated, that it did not belong to the people to meddle with
questions of this kind!and-that the character of the people was
greatly injured by this perpetual excitement, and that these
Quixotic expeditiops to distant lauds rather indicated an un-
sound thau a sound feeling. These objections were not appli-
cable to the present case. It might be true that excitement was
often an evil, but it was often necessary to excite; and surely
excitement were great moral and religious questions were in-
volved was far more befitting their characters as men than in-
difference and cold selfishness. ft might be said, that this was
an affair of the government and not of theirs. Were they thus
ready to leave to the spontaneous efforts of the government
those questions in which their interests were involved, or did
they not on those occasions petitiOn and memorialize members
of parliament as if their object was to make it more embarass-
ing to ministers to refuse than to grant their requests ? and why
were they to be so energetic when-their own interests were con-
cerned, and so callous when, the interests of religion were in-
volved. (Hear) The vix inertia of the government was only
to be overcome by the vividu viz anima of the people. The first
subject for him to bring before them was the pilgrim tax, which
was collected from the worshippers at the pagados in India.
Collectors were appointed by the British government in India
to collect this tax, which was appropriated to keeping the pa-
gados in repair, the roads to them passable, and rendering them
safe for the pilgrims to travel on ; the surplus was remitted to
the treasurer of the company, and was sent along with other
parts of the revenue fOr the payment of the government. He
dared not expose to view the scenes which were carried on at
'these pagados, nor the cruelties which were practised there: but
they were such as would scarcely find a parallel in any other
nation on the globe. Upwards of one million and a half ster-
ling was collected from the pilgrims to these idolatrous places
of worship in the shape of tax, and a clear profit of above a mil-
lionsterling was paid to the East India Company. The Chair-
man then proceeded to read several extracts on the subject of
the idolatrous worship in India, and one document, addressed
by the director of the company in England to the Governor
General in India, in 1833, expressing the decided wish of the
directors that this tax should be put an end to, as it tended to
mix up the government with the direct support of the heathen
worship, by exhibiting the British power in connexion with
idolatrous practices. This document had been read in July,
1833, in Calcutta, but had produced no results, and no steps had
been taken to put au end to the system. The Chairman then
proceeded to read a document, signed by a great number of the
military and civil officers in India. and transmitted to the go-
vernment. It was dated from the Fort of St. George, and set
forth the grievance of the petitioners being obliged either to
obey orders to attend at idolatrous worship and ceremonies,
fire salutes at them, and apparently partake in the worship, or
be dismissed the service. he reply to this memorial was, that
none of these practices should be discontinued without a special
order from the government, and the government had not done
anything. He felt that it was unnecessary to proceed with this
documentary evidence. He felt very certain, that he had made
out a case for their supervision. He ,would ask whether it be-
came Great Britain, so pre-eminentiv blessed; to defile herself
with the superstitious and abominations of India ? They did
not seek to interfere with the religious rights of the people of
India; the question was, whether the British people should be-
come participators in those rights, and derive a revenue from
them. They had no right to compel the natives of India to
partake of the rites of Christian worship, but they sought also
to relieve their own sons, Christian Britons, from being com-

pelled to take part in heathen worship, or, as the alternative,
resign their commissions. He alluded to the noble example of
Sir Peregrine Maitland, who, sooner than contrary to his con-
science take pact in, and give honour to, idolatrous worship,
bad resigned his commission as commander in chief at Madras,
with a pay of £15,000 a year. His name would be handed
down to posterity with a Schwartz, a Carey, a Buchanan, and
a Henry Martin. Why was this sacrifice necessary ? It was
said that if they interfered at all with the idolatrous worship as
at present carried on, it would endanger the stability of our
Indian empire. So they were told when they wanted to send
their missionaries to India, and for a lung time they could only
find their way there through the United States of America.

Would it be believed that in the 19th century, British mission-
aries were contraband when sailing in British bottoms. So
they had been told when they wanted to prevent the immola-_
tion of widows and infants. The stability of our Indian empire,
as if India with all his prodigality of wealth could be set for one
single moment in competition with one great moral. Such
conduct was,a degradation of the religion of their country by
their uncompromising fidelity to their God. It was said they
ought to defer to the opinion of practical men on the spot. If
there were any whose opinion he differed from in questions of
this kind it was practical men on the spot; so far as his expe-
rience went he knew no class of men whose opinions were so
erroneous, and whose prognostications were so different from
the event, and they were very often unable to give information
of what transpired in the; adjoining street. Their suggestions
were often nothing. more than the promptings of fears or indif-
ference, or an undefined fear or danger. It wassaid they ought
to submit to the imperial legislature of this country, to that ini-
por;al lovislature they were about to address themselves, and
if they did their duty he Was sure the istatulC would nut per-
mit the continuance of laws injurious alike to the interest and
character of the state.

The Rev. T. TATTERSII A LL, who rose to move the first reso-
lution—" That this meeting, deeply interested its the propoga-
lion of the Gospel of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, does
sincerely regret, and boldly condemn, the obstacles thrown in
the way of that propagation, by the conduct of the government
of India, in openly encouraging the ceremonies and services of
idolatory, and deriving, a revenue therefrom." It was with the
must unfeigned diffidence that he ventured to present himself
before the uotice of the meeting-, and if he might have consulted
his own feelings, he should have preferred being silent. But
there were cases when to be silent would he sinful, and he could
not answer to his couscience if he were not to obey the call now
made upon him. His mind had fur some time been made ac-
quainted with the nature of the subject before them, from having
read the researches of Dr. Buchanan in India, and he could
not but express his unfeigned regret that the subject had been
allowed so long to remain dormant; and he prayed God, that
the sin of neglect might not be laid to his charge From the
extracts read, it ought to be remembered, that the government
in India was acting in contempt of the government at home.
It was well known, that one of the gentlemen present at the
discussion on this subject, in the Court of Directors of the East
India Company. (Sir Charles Forhes,) had expressed his regret
that a single missionary had ever been permitted to set his foot
in India. Such an expression was extremely hasty and incon-
siderate, Or far more wicked ; for, if deliberately uttered, it
amounted to a deliberate desire that the Hindons should never
attain to the eternal happiness of Heaven. He could readily
believe that that gentleman had entertained very lax ideas in-
deed respecting the religous condition of mankind, or rather of
the prospects of mankind generally, considered as accountable
beings. Perhaps he might have entertained the notion that, as
some had expressed it, heaven was a place of very easy access,
that there was one door for the Jew and another for the Chris-
tian, and another for the Mohammedan and another for the
Hindon • he (Mr. l'attershall) should like himto read one of
the articles of the Church of England, where it was set out that
" through the name of Jesus Christ only men must be saved."
He could only pray, that this gentleman might come to the
knowledge of the value of his own soul, and then he would know
the value of the souls of others. Mr. Tattershall then proceeded j
to read extracts from Dr. Buchanan's work, showing the nature
of the worship of Juggernaut, and the practices of the pilgrims
who paid the tax to perform them, which went to enrich the cof-
fers of the Englisls'government. " When 50 miles from Jugger-
naut," says the Doctor, " We know we are approaehing, it from
the human bodies which are strewed by the way." The extract
then went on to describe the arrival of large bodies of pilgrims,
who kept continually shouting in honour of Juggernaut as they
arrived, and who were continually dying its the fields and open
air from fever, and dysentery, anti famine; some from improper
exposure is their pilgrimage from the northern parts of Hindus-
tan, and some from famine, in not having had enough to support
life in the journey on 'which they bad set out. Hundreds of
women were crushed to death by the pressure of the Crowd,
whilst the fields around were strewed with the dead and the
dying, their unburied bodies! being devoured by the dogs and
the vultures. It was estimated by the Rev. Mr. Ward that TO)
pilgrims perished every year on the roads to the holy places. These
idolatrous festivals to which the pilgrims came were in a great
measure sustained and encouraged by the receiving of the pil-
grim tax. He did not mean to charge the government in India
with designedly bringing all this misery on the people; bit they
were participating in a measure which supported this horrid
system. He believed, with Dr. Buchanan, that the tax was
originally imposed for a benevolent purpose, but it had failed in
its object. It was the custom for individuals to go abota to in-
duce pilgrims to go to Juggernaut, and these persons, on proving
to the collector that they had induced so many pilgrims to come,
were paid at the rate of so much per head, so that the British
government was positively paying missionaries to procure idola-
trous worshippers, and that for their own benefit in the increased
receipt of the pilgrim tax. And why, then, should the tax be
abolished ? Because, in the first place, they should never be
partakers in other mens sins. By the East India Company re-
ceiving, these taxes and supplying the necessaries for the idola-
trous worship: beyond all question a credit was given to idolatry,
and it was raised and elevated in the eyes of the natives in amen-
ner in which it would not appear if the idolators were left to
themselves. It was a great stumbling block to Christianity, in the
minds of the poor Hitidoos, because it would appear that their
English governors were themselves convinced of the divinity•of.
Juggernaut, iu practice if not in actual profession and worship.
He would not attempt to make any comments on facts such as
these; he must leave them to their own effect on the minds of
every one present. After several more quotations showing the
connexion of the English gOvernment with the furtherance of
the idolatrous warship, he concluded by moving the resolution.
The Rev. J. LisTER rose to second the resolution. It was
with great satisfaction that he rose to give his decided approba-.
tion Of any measures consistent With the great principle of civil
and religious liberty. Be protested against the measure of
of snaking British officers attend places or heathen worship,
and that worship being promoted by a protecting tax,
aona of
the
ground of its open impiety; he conceived it to bean
open and undisguised rebellion against the being and auth.ority
of Him who was King of kings, and Lord of lords.
He spoke
in praise of the religious freedom of this country,
.arittin allowing
,
to make o
every man to worship as he thought best, post_ d
him afraid. He felt bound to worship God and honour the
such a large share of
King, yet at the some time he ctti.ntesrideewreads it as a special privi-
lege, that under his government
tile
wished well to the
religious freedom. and therefore r
to otle, officers of that government in
aotu tet,37t'!h
ed.
nßeettt-eit,st.eotintitomttioeos was a violation of the rights
govern-
mentlndia of
attend hipof Christians to which he
of conscience. The
ed (the
belong Baptists)
had suffered exceedingly in their reli-
,t
endeavouring to spread the gospel in India, and
had only been a
gious-liberty in ttble to
send out the missionaries in American
anti to Serampore, which was a Danish settlement,ba;:td" permission had been refused to them to build a college to,
;list ruct the natives. The same difficulty had extended to the
missionaries of the Chinch of England; and it wits not his pe-
culiar denomination which was opposed, but Christianity which
was opposed by the English government in India. He con-
cluded with seconding the resolution, which, as were all the re-
solutions, was carried unanimously.

The Rev. T. By RTH ruse to tnuie the next resolutiou—" That

it,appears to this meeting, no the authority of official docu-
ments, that British servants or the East India Company are
compelled, ou pain or dismissal, to attend and take part in, the
idolatrous ceremonies of the heathen.". He spoke at con-
siderable length and with much, energy, against the pil-
grim tax. It was a 'prond day kir, 'Liverpool that she had
stood prominently forward, deaf to the suggestions, of those
lukewarm friends who would let matters take their own course,
even with regard to the eternal interests of their fellow-crea-
tures. Liverpool should be named wherever this cause was ad-
vocated, and this cause should be advocated throughout the na-
tion. He had nothitig to do with the fact of the disgusting and
superstitious horrors of the Hindoo worship, but he had to do
with the fact that British subjects were compelled to take a part
iu tneir abominations, and he called upon the meeting to raise
its voice against.this till it should be put an end, to., He ex-
pected the appeal that Hay would be responded'to iii such a way,
as that every voice would say, "away with it, away with•it. '
(Loud cheers.) They were bound, each of them, to interfere
in putting a stop to this abomination. To refuse to do so was
infidelity ; it Was heathenism; it was the murderous spirit that
resided in the bosom of Cain which would reply, " I am not my
brother's keeper." They were each of them their brother'
keeper, and unless they lifted their voice throughout the land to
stay this abomination, they would stand in the awful position
of being responsible for their brother's being compelled to min
himself for earth or for eternity. The resolution was true in
itself, and it was an absurdity to call on them to assent to it; it
they had gone to an island in the South Seas and compelled the
inhabitants to become Baptists, or Independents, or Methodists,
or Protestants, what an outcry there would have been ! Ought
not a similar outcry to be made in compelling Christian men to
go and worship Hindoo devils? He concluded with moving
the resolution.

The Rev. Tit EOPI-I t Lus LEssEY rose to second the resolution.
He most cordially concurred in the sentiments which bad been
so powerfully expressed by the reverend gentleman who had
preceded hint. He would not have obtruded himself on their
not-ice if he had not felt that these were not times cowardly to
shrink into the nook of personal obscurity. He deprecated a
cowardly neutrality as ctiminal on questions of vital import-
ance. The administration of the government in India made
this country an auxiliary to the most infernal superstition on
the face of the earth. For a long trine Christianity seemed to
regard the idolatry of Juggernaut with a kind of awe from its
remote antiquity : but the veil of mystery had been drawn
aside, and eye witnesses had returned who had seen the horrors
which it entailed. He trusted the feeling which had showed
itself in I.iverpool•on this subject would spread throughout the
land, till this abomination was put an end to, and the glory of
England should no longer be shrouded by this cloud of dark-
ness. He concluded with seconding the resolution.
The Rev. Dr. RALPH rose to move the next resolution :
"That the compulsion referred to in the preceding resolution,
is still practised, in defiance of a despatch from the Court of
Directors, dated Feb. 1833, commanding that it should cease.
And that now, the Court of Directors, instead of enforcing
their own commands, have practically connived at this violation,
first, by refusing to allow any further remonsttance upon the
subject; and secondly, by accepting the resignation of Sir
Peregrine Maitland." He supported the resolution at consi-
derable length. [Our limits oblige us to curtail greatly what
was spoken, which must be our apology fur omitting much that
was said by many of the speakers.] He contended that there
could not be a greater obstacle in the way of the free circulation
of the truth, than by the continuance of the evil practises of
idol worship which the government supported. They had only
to persevere in similar demonstrations of principle, to carry
out only truth, for that they had with them, but numbers. ft
bad been a profound remark of Talleyrand, that in order to
carry the multitude, they must see that their views were rea-
sonable, and then they must snake them plain to the multitude,
that they should fully succeed.

The Rev. R. P. dtionrcom, at considerable length, and with
much eloquence, seconded the resolution. He called on the
meeting—many, perhaps, had sons or relatives in India—to
come forward and protect them from the contamination of this
idolatry, and front the conscientious scruples between their duty
to their God and their Queen, imposed by being obligedto attend
heathen worship. He stated, on the authority of Mr. Poynder's
pamphlet, that owing to the punctuality of the annual festival
of the worship of Juggernaut, the good faith of the government
in paying the pilgrim collectors and the facilities afforded by
government for pilgrims to attend at the shrine of Juggernaut,
the worship of,that idol was greatly increased, and 150,000 pil-
grims yearly crowded to the pagodas, of whom it was stated one-
third, or 50,000 annually perished in the pilgrimages from one
cause or another. After passing a high encomium upon the
high conscientious conduct of Sir Peregrine Maitland, he con-
cluded with seconding the resolution.
The Rev. A. KNOX, of Birkenhead, moved the next resolu-
tion—" That this meeting, while they endeavour to reach the
Indian government, both at home and abroad, the medium of
petitions to both houses of Parliament, do, at the same time,
respectfully solicit the cordial co-operation of their fellow-coun-
trymen in the prosecution of an object which should be dear to
every worshipper of a crucified Redeemer."
The Rev. 1-1 UGH M`NEILE rose to second the resolution, and
was received with often renewed and loud applause. He felt
that, at this time of the afternoon, it was necessary to be brief,
and he should not, therefore, trust himself with any preliminary
observations. But he could not turn round and look at the
chairman without calling to remembrance the last time he had
the pleasure of hearing him in that place, as the persever-
ing and consistent adversary of negro slavery, and he now
saw him with equal coesistency and perseverance, the ad--
versary of slavery of every kind. They had it on the dis-
tinct authority of the inspired apostles. that when the Gen-
tiles offered to idols they offered to devils. The great slave-
holder of the fallen world was Beelzebub, the chief of devils.
He varied his altars to suit the various circumstances and dis-
positions of men; he delighted in cruelty, and he delighted in
falsehood. Cruelty was the characteristic of bodily slavery—
falsehood of mental slavery. So long as the vile, barbarous sa-
vage rights of Moloch, or Baal, or Juggernaut could satisfy, for
a time, the trembling consciences of guilty men, Satan triumph-
ed. So long as the love of money could bear down the love of
justice and humanity, so that might usurped the place of right,
and black men continued white men's slaves, Satan triumphed.
But it was not in these depths alone that Satan triumphed; so
long as fallen conscious men were occupied by the strivings of
man to make his own peace with God—Satan triumphed. So
long as a superstitious fear could be hushed, by occupying men
amongst creatures, hiding amongst the trees of the garden,
diving into the various departments of the visible creation, and
inventing a respectable mode of diverting himself at a distance
from. his God, philosophy would answer the devil's purposes
as well as idolatry; and while Jesus Christ was hid, Satan tri-
umphed. They were concerned in making the Lord Jesus
Christ known—in proclaiming God's saving truth—that one,
only truth which could save; for without that truth in which
God was exhibited in Christ, reconciling the world to himself,
no man living could be saved. Their concern was to make this
known. They found many hindrances in the way. Those hin-
drances which were in the way over which they had no control,
they could but bow before mid pray against; but the hindrances
which wore the aspect of human intervention, they could and
they ought to endeavour by their interference to remove.
Human intervention was between them and this grand object
in India. The chairman hail already stated, and several of his rev.
brethren who had followed his statements, and had added to the
documentary evidence laid before that meeting. but he could
not but think that the state of this question was such that there
would remain, still an inquiry on the minds of many of their
friends. He had taken the pains of making a few brief ex-
tracts from documents of unquestionable authority, which were
laid before the Court of Directors by Mr. Poynder, and he
would briefly read one or two statements which would give them
a notion, though a faint one perhaps, as far as it went, of what
men were required to do who served in India. With regard to
the charactet of the heathen ceremonies that had been so
much spoken of that day, he had an extract which showed the
light in which they were viewed by the natives themselves.
In 1824, the Rajah of Mysore requested government to
allow him to perform an idol feaSt which bad before been per-
formed by the government.- He was allowed that year, but
afterwards the government again took it into their own hands."
This showed the light in which the idolatrous natives contem-
plated these feasts. It was in vain to say that government was
not doing ,an idolatrous act, an act which one of the idolatrous
chiefs made a request to have permission to do, and did on
such permission. Theo came government again and took it out
of his hands for no assigned reason; and deprived the Rajah of
Mysore of the privilege he had enjoyed for one year. 'Phis
stamped the character of the act in the eyes of the native
idolaters'-themselves. With respect to this very feast.
" Mr. Place, the collector, presented to the idol jewels, and a
head ornament called caleka toorah, worth 1,000 star pagodas.
Lord Clive, on uccasion of his personal visit to the Garudant-
saran', presented a makankinty or breast ornament, worth
.1,050
pagodas. Mr. Collector Garrow presented a chandraharann, or
golden necklace, worth 500 pagodas; and on the day of the fast
the collectors continue to present every year one lace garment,
worth about 100 rupees."
So here was this idol dressed in jewels, head ornaments, breast
ornaments, and lace garments, presented by Lord Clive, Mr.
Place, Mr. Collector Garrow, and every collectorsince, from the
British government. Now, here was a tangible fact.. He would
read now the orders of the governor in 1828. His authority
for this extract was still Mr. Pounder, as reported in the Asiatic
Journal, of November, 1837. Mr. Poynder had quoted this in
the court of directors. _

The Right Honourable the Governor in Council, adverting
to the smallness of the sum which is annually required for the
celebration of the feast of the Madras Goddess, and to the
difficulty which bas always been experienced in evading the
established collections, is pleased to authorise the collector of
Madras, in communication with the superintendent of police, to
cause the supply of the articles and attendants necessary for a
due celebration of the festival, according to the scale which has
hitherto been observed, and to release the native inhabitants of
Madras from the charge. It will be the special duty of the
superintendent of police to give general information of the con-
siderate instructions of the govenor, and to prevent individuals
being improperly called upon for subscriptions."
This corresponded ekacily with an extract he had taken down
from one of the Church Missionary reports, Nyherein a Mr.
Applegate found the natives expressing their dislike to pay for
the heathen temples for conducting the feasts.
.Htere( pay fur
the wasr
the nature of the case; the natives were unwtllnen", to)l
do ?
the usual idol worship, and what did the)g,o
govenor
r
Madrassupplygnint.
theera articles connexion
he was pleased to authorise the collectorhe t
the superintendent of police to cause t
and attendance necessary for the due
ecde,leabnrdattionuroefliethvee
tfehsetival
according to the scale hitherto obsehrev
charge. It would be the
na-
tive inhabitants of Madras fromt
sybc.
with
thei tt s.
the considerate intentions of the
b.
I.
Ti
ceremonies of
especial duty of the superintendent o.fepronititcteentto
tg(i,vie,rienyteittnitaitniodnivoil:
!'here was
not only a forbearance
duals being improperlyfcalltedin
from
aely the allowance of. their feasts, hut
the natives, it was not °tear interference nsic%
goddess: This was auo
supplying the articles form attendance on the celebration of the fes-
ther tangible fact.
tivities of the Madras
Again he had "the garrison orders."t: June 20, 18.36. A royal salute to be fired front the saluting
battery at noon too-morrow, an the occasion of the PUllu''all Fes.
tival. June 21, 1836. To-d•ay a royal salute to be fired on
'the l'unganth festival was held in boner of the sun, and was held
occasion of e ILI ng an Festival."
to propitiate the sun and thank him for having ripened the fruits,
and offerings were made at the I'ungau festival. On that oc-
casion there was au order from bead quarters for a royal salute
to be fired by British troops,. The Rangan festival was held
in great honor by the Mahornedans, and was celebrated in
the mouth in which they believed that the Koran was dropped
down from heaven to 111ahoinet ; and here again there came an
order to British troops to celebrate that festival by a royal
salute. Again=

"To-morrow by the conclusion of the Rangau Festival, a
company Complete, under the command of an officer in full
dressy with one drummer and one fifer from the 46th regiment,
native ibfantry, as well as a brigade of six pounders, with the
requisite party of artillery attached, to parade to-morrow at the
church or square in the fort. A royal salute to be fired in the
church : another at the eedgah, (place of idol worship) and a
third on the return of the procession to the fort. The artillery
alluded to were Europeans, and tbev are employed on their duty
from 5 a.m. till 3 p.m., required to accompany this Mohair pro-
cession to this house of worship and back."
It was quite necessary that there should be something
tangible in the way of fact to be supplied, that they might
repre-
sent it amongst their neighbours as reasons whay,thdehy,,pthroecresehdie,id.
thus. The argumentation of this question
he _
jaecltettsevrhit,clhitteduesehryveadu
itttiesth ti an
I.:idewnd. .
at.
home,extract
aila
officer Fitoe
