COMMUNICATION WITH INDIA

(Extract from a private letter.)
ALEXANDRIA, Nov. 7.—1 am happy to be able to convey
the gratifying assurance that the Pasha is most desirous of
leaving nothing undone on his part to facilitate the inter-
course of England and the East. The following letter from
his Minister to the house of Briggs and Co., who have been
left in charge of forwarding the Indian and Egyptian mails
during the temporary absence of Captains Lyons and John-
son at Malta, speaks so clearly his anxiety to acquit himself
honourably and creditably, under all the circumstances of
embarrassment and provocation which England has heaped
upon him, that I transcribe it with pleasure as an omen of
better things to come. (The original is in French) :
" ALEXANDRIA, Nov. 5, 1840.—Messieurs,—His High-
ness the Viceroy, to whom I have submitted your letter of
yesterday's date, has seen with pleasure that you are charged
with the expedition of the Indian mails, in the absence of
Messieurs Captain Lyons and Captain Johnson ; and as his
highness has always granted for these mails every facility
which has been requested at his hands, he has given orders
that a cavass of his divan shall be placed at your disposal,
to afford the necessary escort to Mr. Hill, who you have
stated should proceed to Suez to convey them hither. This
cavass is even now charged with the safe conduct of these
mails, and will place himself under your direction for what-
ever time you may think necessary.—l have the honour to
be, Messrs., with the greatest, respect,
BOGH OS JOUSSOUFF.
" Messrs. Briggs and Co., en vine."

PRAYER FOR THE QUEEN IN THE JEWISH
SYNAGOGUES.

On Saturday afternoon, a numerous congregation assem-
bled at the ancient synagogue in Bevis-marks, belonging to
the Spanish and Portuguese Jews, to manifest their loyalty
and attachment to their Queen, on the happy occasion of
her accouchement, when a form of prayer and thanksgiving,
composed by the Rev. David Meldola, was emphatically de-
livered in Hebrew by the officiating minister, the Rev. Isaac
Almosino. Preceding the prayer, the choir chaunted the
100th Psalm and afterwards the 72d; the service was then
concluded with the usual afternoon worship. The following
is a translation of the prayer used on the occasion :

" 0 Lord of lords, who art the creator of all things, how
precious and how glorified to us is the happy day so anxi-
ously looked for by the people of Britain. Behold, there-
fore, we, thy chosen of Israel, now loudly proclaim and sing
thy salvatio❑ in this our sacred edifice of holy worship ; and
with reverence do we rejoice and shout forth the praises of
thy holy name, for our happiness is increased by the day on
which thou visitedst our Sovereign lady the Queen, the Safe
and happy fountain of a precious princess, a daughter to the
glorious prince her husband, who hast the right of a first-
born, springing from the seed which the Lord has blessed.
" Now, therefore, do we turn unto Thee, 0 Gon, who
possessest grandeur and might; hearken, we beseech thee,
to the prayer of thy faithful servants, who this day implore
thee on behalf of the peace and welfare of royalty. In the
multitude of thy mercies crown it with thy blessings, and let
thy blessings speedily flourish on the head of our virtuous
Queen Victoria. We beseech Thee to strengthen her with
the fruit of her womb ; may her seed be established for ever,
and her throne descend to the future generations of her
issue :—pour forth thy blessings also on her royal consort,
Prince Albert : and exalt him in honour and glory like unto
all princes ; grant unto their offspring from thy heavenly and
mighty dwelling life and peace, and be to them the shield of
salvation, so that as the light of the days of Heaven, thy
kindness may not depart from them, nor thy glory and power
from their seed for ever, even so shall their crown be exalted
and their salvation enlarged. Amen."

COMMERCIAL TREATY WITH FRANCE.—The Presse says,
" We are assured that the recal of the English commissary,
charged with the overtures relative to the treaty of commerce
between France and Great Britain, was marked by a political
character which deeply affects the pending negociations. It
is easy to comprehend in part that, in the state of dissension
between the two nations, questions of great gravity absorb
secondary interests ; thus, for three months the treaty, which
the ministry of the Ist March had announced as being vir-
tually concluded, has been entirely set aside." We believe
the true state of the case to have been briefly this :—Mr.
Porter having concluded that part of the negociations rela-
tive to the commercial treaty with which he was charged,
jointly with Mr. H. Lytton Bulwer, was preparing to return
to London, when he was requested by M. niers to delay his
departure, in order that, if affairs assumed a more concilia-
tory aspect between the two countries, the French cabinet
might give its formal accession to the treaty. Mr. Porter
accordingly remained in Paris six weeks longer, and at length,
finding the French government did not make any fresh over-
tures, returned to London to resume the duties of his de-
partment.

The royal-mail steam-ship Acadia will sail for Halifax and
Boston on Friday next. The Britannia will leave Boston on
the Ist and Halifax on the 3d December for this port.
We believe that the christening of the Princess Royal will
not take place until after the meeting of Parliament, when
it will be celebrated with every accompaniment which can
give splendour and effect to the happy occasion.—Govern-
molt Evening Print.

Ebt Ettnrpoot gptanbarb.

TUESDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 1, 1840,

We have received our files of the Guiana Times and
of the Guiana Chronicle to the 9th of October, inclu-
sive. The Court of Policy had been assembled, but no
business of importance had been transacted. The
Guiana Times mentions a rumour of the acquiescence
of Lord John Russell in the recommendation of the
absentee proprietors connected with the colony, with
reference to the postponement of all further action in
the Civil List matter to next year.
The same journal mentions as among " the ominous
signs of the times," the sale of Vreed-en-Hoop estate,
by the Messrs. Gladstones, of Liverpool, for £35,000
a sum much smaller than the former value of the pro-
perty. On this subject the Times offers the following
remarks :

" The intelligent, wealthy, and honourable house of the
Gladstones, is, we are grieved to say, about to be separated
from its connection with this colony. It has parted with one
of its fine plantations at a great sacrifice, and is anxious to
dispose of the remaining three. It is,' testifies a local-
government print, the opinion of the most experienced
judges, that he (Mr. John Gladstone) has sold it (Vreed-en-
Hoop) very cheap." The circumstance,' says the same ex-
cellent authority, of Mr. Gladstone parting with his estates,
is not only ominous, but strongly indicative of the hopeless-
ness of our present condition.' These words, expressive of
the happy conversion of the local government to the true
colonial creed, deserve to be written in letters of gold.

" But the local-government people, it would seem, cannot
give utterance to those healthy opinions, without attacking,
at the same time, the inoffensive colonists. They cared no-
thing for Mr. Gladstone, so long as he was deeply interested
in the welfare of the province : on the contrary, they alone
held him up to the invectives of members of parliament and
the execration of mob orators. But, it appears, extinctus
amabitur idem. The unprincipled and rapacious tyrant of
1838, is the favorite of 18-10: not that one fraction is cared
abc ut the worthy gentleman's comfort or feelings, but it is
believed it will answer a party purpose, now venally to pa-
negyrize him, on whom, two years ago, the same parties in-
voked the abhorrence of all humane and patriotic men. The
Gladstones we dismiss with this observation : that they are

sagacious and well-informed men of the world, whose inte-
rest was, we believe, all along divided between the East and
the West, but who may reasonably be excused for feeling in-
dignation and disgust, at the obloquy which the traitorous
portion of the press of this country, as fulsome in its adula-
tion as infamous in its calumny, attracted upon them, and
for carrying their capital to countries, in which it will yield a
sure and safe return.

" Surely a compliment might have been paid the Messrs.
Smith, without an insinuation being thrown out against their
fellow-planters. We remember too, that the independence
of the legal gentleman used, in former times, to excite the
sneers of the self-same set of persons who now affect to be in
raptures with his liberality of sentiment and love of mankind.
Whoever takes a philosophical view of the progress of society
in this province, must be struck with the facility with which
the former slave-holders have accommodated their habits to
the system of general freedom. The failure, the lamentable
failure of the crops, is not to be ascribed to the planters or
yet to the local government : but is the natural result of the
measure of emancipation, which has so greatly depressed the
common prosperity, while it has augmented individual hap-
piness."

The Guiana Times of the 7th ultimo contains a highly
interesting and important " Address to the British
Nation," on the present state and prospects of the
West India colonies, by the Rev. Stephen Isaacson,
M.A., formerly Rector of St. Paul's, Demerara. This
letter embodies a large mass of statistical and other in-
formation respecting the West Indies, and furnishes
some very powerful arguments in favour of an exten-
sive system of immigration, as the only means of ex-
tinguishing slavery and the slave trade. Emanating as
it does from a clergyman of the established church, the
statements put forth in this powerful address are en-
titled to the serious consideration of the people of this
country. We shall, therefore, proceed to lay before
our readers an analysis of the arguments brought for-
ward by the rev. gentleman. He commences his ad-
dress by showing the erroneous principles upon which
the British government acted in carrying out the aboli-
tion of the slave trade and the extinction of slavery in
our own colonies, and the total failure of the plan as
regards foreign nations. The act of 1807, for the ex-
tinction of the slave trade, contained no provision for a
supply of free labourers, by whom the cultivation of
the soil in our own colonies could he successfully con-
tinued. An impetus was thus given to the foreign
slave trade, which has, since that period, been rapidly
increasing, until, at length, it has attained a degree of
magnitude ten times as great as that of the whole slave
traffic of the world at the commencement of the present
century.

This was the first grand mistake. No provision was
made for the immigration of free labourers, without
which it was evident that the cultivation of colonial pro-
duce could not be maintained. The next mistake was
that of neglecting to prohibit the introduction of foreign
slave-grown produce, under any pretence whatever,
into the British market, so long as the traffic continued.

The declension in the number of labourers in the
British West Indies is thus accounted for by Mr.
Isaacson :

" The government appear to have entirely overlooked the
fact that, during the existence of the slave trade, the vast
majority of the imported negroes were males ; and that con-
sequently, in the course of time, the number of these labourers,
unless recruited from other sources, must decline, and ren-
der it impossible for the colonists to supply even the home
market, with tropical productions, which at the time was
specially pointed ont by the planters, but disregarded by the
government. Accordingly we find that, very shortly after
the abolition of the slave trade, the British colonies were
unable to grow cotton, which almost immediately ceased to be
a staple article in the West Indies, and the whole cultivation
of this important product was thus thrown into foreign slave
countries, where it continues to this day. Subsequently
the raising of coffee has all but disappeared as a profitable
investment ; and but for the high prices obtained during the
last two years, I learn from unquestionable authority, that
the few estates devoted to the growth of this article, would
ere now have been abandoned."

The cultivation of sugar threatens very speedily to
follow in this road to ruin. Notwithstanding the high
prices which it has recently fetched in the market, the
quantity grown is so small, and the expense of cultiva-
tion so large, that the planter barely covers his expenses•
While Great Britain has been making such noble
sacrifices on her own part, in order to extinguish sla-
very, it cannot be denied that its horrors have been
greatly increased by the very means employed for its
suppression. It is evident that government com-
menced at the wrong end. The most strenuous advo-
cates of negro emancipation are now compelled to
make this confession. If the government had origi-
nally adopted a system analogous to the apprenticeship,
and encouraged the immigration of free labourers into
our West India possessions, the result would have been
the simultaneous extinction of slavery in foreign coun-
tries, and the rapidly increasing prosperity of our own
colonies.

Mr. Isaacson enters into a variety of calculations to
prove that immigration, under judicious regulations,
would have prevented the enormous sacrifice of human
life to which slavery has given rise, during the last fifty
years. The following facts are chiefly derived by the
rev. gentleman from the recently published work of
Sir T. F. Buxton :
" 1 shall here introduce the unimpeachable testimony of
Sir T. F. Buxton, who affirms that it would not be diffi-
cult to prove, that in the last fifty years there has been a
waste of millions of lives ;" and he brings his authentic
calculations, based upon official documents, to the following
narrow compass :
Of about 1000 victims to the slave-trade, one-
half perish in the seizure, march, and deten-

tion
Of 500 consequently embarked, one-fourth or
25 per cent. perish in the middle passage
Of the remaining 375 landed, one-fifth, or 20
per cent. perish in the seasoning . .

Total loss.

" So that 300 negroes only, or three-tenths of the whole
number of victims, remain alive at the end of a year after
their exportation ; and the number of lives sacrificed by the
system, bears to the number of slaves available to the plan-
ter, the proportion of seven to three.
" Then applying this calculation to the number annually
landed at Brazil, Cuba, &c. which I have rated at 150,000
Of these one-fifth die in the seasoning 30,000

Leaving available to the planter
The number of lives annually sacrificed

being in the proportion of seven to three 280,000

Annual victims of Christian slavery 400,000
—Buxton on the Slave-trade, p, 199.
" This amount way be verified in the following manner
Taking the annual victims at 400,000
One-half perish before embarkation 200,000

Embarked 200,000
One -fourth in the middle passage 50,000

Landed
One-fifth in the seasoning

150,000
30,000

Available

120,000

" To this may be added 100,000 annual victims of the Ma-
hommedan slave trade, which gives a sacrifice of half a mil-
lion human beings per annum, at the shrine of the demon of
wealth !! ! or, in Sir T. F. Buxton's language, the slave trade
annually dooms to the horrors of slavery—
Christian
Mahommedan 50,000

170,000

And murders—
Christian
Mohammedan

280,000
50,000

500,000"

Mr. Isaacson proceeds to declaim against the Niger
expedition as a foolish experiment. He then goes on
to develope his own plans for the extinction of the
slave trade, the civilization of the negro, and the esta-
blishment of Christianity in Africa. He alleges that if
the many millions of slaves, either captured by British
cruisers, or imported under indentures, who are now
pining in hopeless slavery in foreign states, had been
introduced into our own colonies, the result would
have been the extinction of slavery and the slave trade,
without the cost of a single farthing to the people of
Great Britain. He then shows by an elaborate state-
ment that the coast of British Guiana, to which colony
his observations are confined, is capable of producing
231,600 bales of cotton, or 69,480,000 lbs. ! the culti-
vation of which would require a population of 77,200
—not the amount of the annual sacrifice of human life
in the Brazilian slave trade alone ! This estimate is
only made with reference to that part of British Guiana
which has actually been in cotton cultivation, and sub-
sequently abandoned for want of labourers. More vic-
tims are annually sacrificed in the Brazilian slave trade
than would be sufficient to bring the whole of these
cotton plantations once more into a state of permanent
prosperity. This fact surely speaks volumes in favour
of free immigration.

Again, according to the data furnished by Mr. Isaac-
son, the immediate banks of the Canja, the Corentyn,
the Abary, the Mahaicony, the Mahaica, the Demerara,
the Essequebo, the Maroco, the Pomeroon, and of
other unexplored rivers, extending to the Oronoco, are
capable of producing 432.000,000 of pounds of coffee
—very nearly 20 times the consumption of Great Bri-
tain, or 127,300,000 lbs. more than the consumption
of the whole world !

Again, he demonstrates that the banks of the navi-
gable rivers, if brought into cultivation by the accession

of an adequate number of labourers, are capable also Of
producing in addition to the preceding amount of cof-
fee, a supply of sugar equal to 3,000,000 of hogsheads,
with rum and molasses in proportion. Thus, each
hogshead averaging 1200 lbs., we have, at a low calcu-
lation, 3,600,000,000 lbs. of sugar—about three times
more than the consumption of the whole world—" and
that," as Mr. Isaacson remarks, "in one of the colonies
which Mr. Ewart, in his place in Parliament, with equal
ignorance and effrontery, pronounced to be exhausted."
To cultivate the amount of produce specified above,
Mr. Isaacson estimates that 954,400 labourers would
be required, which, deducting the present population
of 100,000, would render necessary an addition of
854,000 immigrants. When are these to be obtained ?
Let the starving millions of India, who are periodically
decimated by the plague and famine, answer the ques-
tion. Let the four hundred thousand who now fall
victims annually to the infamous slave traffic, answer
the question. Let opportunities be offered for the free
immigration of those miserable beings into our noble
colonies, and we shall soon see the British West Indies
recover their lost prosperity, and rise into a mighty
empire which shall rival the United States, both as re-
spects extent of population"and commercial enterprise.

We have received a file of the Jamaica Royal Ga-
zette and Standard to the 17th of October, inclusive.
The House of Assembly was to meet, for the purpose
of proceeding to business, on the 27th of the same
month. Sir Charles Metcalfe still retained his popu-
larity, and the prospects of the colony were somewhat
improved in consequence of his firm and judicious ad-
ministration. He had recently sent a communication
to the Jamaica Society relative to the extension of the
resources of the island, and enclosing a list of the pre-
miums offered by the Society of Arts and Sciences in
London. Many of these premiums related to the di-
minution of human labour in the cultivation of sugar
—to the preserving of plantains and bananas, and to
the culture of tea, silk, cinnamon, nutmeg, pepper, &c.
Tne introduction of the cactus, or Nopal tree, from
which cochineal is obtained, formed the subject of got—
floral conversation in the island. We are glad to find
the colonists thus directing their attention towards
every available plan for developing the resources of
the soil and climate ; but we join the editor of the
Gazette in deprecating the abandonment of any sugar
or coffee plantations for the sake of speculating in any
novel productions, however promising the result may
appear.

A new scheme for supplying the deficiency of manual
labour in the West Indies has, it is said, been suggested
by the British Consul at Tereriffe to the Colonial Office.
This is, the introduction of camels as beasts of burden
on the estates. The camel, from its great strength and
endurance of fatigue, would. no doubt, be found of
the highest utility,

A very rich vein of copper had been recently disco-
vered in Lower Lucky Valley, in the Port-Royal moun-
A Mr. Burgher, of Kingston, in conjunction
with a gentleman from Cornwall, (England,) had taken
the mine on a lease of 30 years.

We republish to-day, from our Third Edition of
Friday, the abstract of the news brought by the Presi-
dent. The most important article of intelligence is,
the confirmation of the previously-entertained belief
that General Harrison will be the new President, and
that by a very large majority.
The Britannia, royal mail packet, had arrived out at
Boston in 131, days.

The details of the bombardment and capture of St.
Jean d'Acre will be found in another column. It ap-
pears that the bombardment, which took place on the
3d ultimo, lasted only three hours. The success which
attended this great engagement speaks volumes in
favour of the perfection to which the gunnery practice
has been brought in the British navy. The batteries
of the enemy mounted nearly 200 guns, and were
manned by a garrison of 60,000 well disciplined sol-
diers. The whole of an Egyptian regiment was de-
stroyed by the explosion of a powder magazine. The
town, which suffered dreadfully, was evacuated during
the night, and the allies took possession on the 4th.
The loss of the allies was 16 killed and 42 wounded :
that of the Egyptians was from 2000 to 2300 killed
and wounded, and 3000 taken prisoners. The destiny
of Syria is, at once, settled by this brilliant achieve-
ment. It now remains to be seen whether the Pacha
will persist any longer in his obstinate resistance to the
allied forces.

We some months ago published an abstract of the
report, drawn up by the Parliamentary Commissioners,
on the comparative advantages of the lines of railway
projected for communicating with Ireland, through the
Principality, when we took occasion to express our de-
cided conviction that the route through Chester to
Holyhead was decidedly preferable to any other, and
must soon command the sanction of government.
Few lines could possibly be constructed with greater
economy. Two-thirds of the distance on Mr. George
Stephenson's line varies little from a dead lerel, whilst
the gradients on the remaining portions are compara-
tively trifling. We have now the satisfaction to an-
nounce the probable fulfilmeNt of our anticipations. re-
specting the eligibility of this line.
We understand that a communication has been
made to the Grand Junction Railway Company, in-
timating the intention of the government to have the
Irish mails conveyed by way of Holyhead ; and that
immediate measures are to be adopted for carrying out
the projected railway from Chester to Holyhead, on
the practicability of which, Mr. Stephenson, the en-
gineer, some time ago, made a most able and satisfac-
tory report. In this manner the Grand Junction Com-
pany will continue, as heretofore, to carry the mails,
bringing them to Chester, instead of Liverpool.
We are informed that Lord Duncannon, a member
of the government, has lately been in Ireland, and also
at Holyhead, for the purpose of forwarding and en-
quiring into this most important project, which, at this
particular period, involves probably to some extent the
preservation of the Union. As may be supposed, much
anxiety prevails in Ireland for its success. The har-
bour at Holyhead has been pronounced as in all re-
spects well qualified for the safe accommodation of
her Majesty's mail boats. As we have stated, the line
of railroad to be made from Chester to Holyhead will
be by no means an expensive one ; the route being
coastwise, passing over the Menai and Conway bridges-
The mail and passengers from Liverpool will be pro-
vided for by a train, on the Birkenhead and Chester
line, which will meet the London train at Chester, and
so be conveyed to Holyhead, there to embark for Ire-
land, a sail of only three or four hours.

The depression under which the commercial inte-
rests of Great Britain have laboured for the last two or
three years is difficult to account for upon ordinary
principles, and presents features of a singular nature.
Temporary disarrangements of „our monetary and mer-
cantile affairs we have often before experienced ; but
we have ever hitherto found these periodical visitations
exercise a healthy and invigorating influence upon le-
gitimate and honest commerce. The kiteflying adven-
turer was thus swept back to his original obscuritY;
whilst the sober, bona fide trader, with less of glare
and glitter perhaps, but more of solid usefulness, isras
allowed to emerge from the shade into which he had
been cast by his meteoric rival.

We have waited for a similar result to follow the
embarrassments under which we are now suffering;
but hitherto we have waited in vain. At times., it is
true, we do hear a flourish of trumpets from certain °'
our Whig-radical contemporaries, and are flattered that
" the winter of our discontent" is about to be "wade
glorious summer" by some surprisingly advantageous
treaty, effected through the exertions and rare sagacity
of the Bulwers and Bowrings who flit from court t°'
court at the national expense. But even these illumi-
nati, practised though they have been in the art of
lde-
lusion, produce no impression upon the lethargy which
hangs over the commerce of Great Britain.

The capital of our manufacturing and trading inte-
rests is wasting away day by day, whilst the agricultu-
rist cannot be said to stand in a much more favourable'
position. Yet we hear of no remedy being attempted'
We can find few amongst the suffering classes who in-
dulge even in the hope of amendment. On the con-
trary, we find amongst the manufacturing and mercan-
tile classes strong manifestations of a desire to with-
draw their capital from the operations of trade, and
improve it, by investments in railways and other simila►'
securities. The millions which have been furnished

within the last few years, for the formation of the vari-
o us lines of railway throughout the kingdom have been
cltiiefly furnished by these classes; and within the next
tmelve months, in the midst of depression and loss,
further millions are required, and will be readily and
evon cheerfully contributed.

Are are well aware of the existence of one strong
con ducing cause for this unusually submissive temper
on the part of the suffering interests. Our commercial
brethren, we know, hope nothing and expect nothing
from; the present government; but even this is not suf-
ficiet it to account for the apparent indisposition of our
manufacturers and merchants to assist themselves.
Vier to longer see that restless desire to explore new
mark ets, and increase consumption to the extent of
prod► tction, which used to be the characteristic of Bri-
tish commerce. On the contrary, we have seen, within
the la: it few years, some of the most important foreign
marke is closed against them altogether ; and where we
shoulc I have formerly experienced a storm of dissatis-
faction . against the government which has brought upon
them t he deprivation, we have now scarcely a murmur
of disapprobation ; and we are strongly templed to ask
ourselv •es the question, " Can it be that the commer-
cial grc atness which this country has hitherto eujoyed
is now admitted, even by those engaged in it, to have
reached its summit, and to be no more worth a struggle
to retail t ?"

We s uspect that some such feeling has existence in
the min- is of the trading classes. A feeling of the in-
security of commercial capital has grown up, and new
and pros nising speculations are resorted to in the hope
that mor e solidity will attend them. This feeling, how-
ever, we trust, will before long pass away.
The regent failure in the metropoils, with the extra-
ordinary exposures by which it has been accompanied,
has naturally turned the attention of thinking men to
this subject. The commercial world are beginning to
feel that merchants and manufacturers are equally as
liable as bankers to be betrayed by the ignes
which s•?eculation presents to them on every side; and
when it is known and notorious that for the last two
years a great portion of our trading and manufacturing
operations have been, not only unattended with profit,
but in. many cases have been carried on at a positive
loss f,zo the parties engaged in them ; it is far from
pleasing to witness the cold and listless feeling with
which this state of things is submitted to. The occur-
rence of a day or an-hour may plunge us into the hor-
rors of a continental war; and with a deficient and
declining revenue, a disaffected population at home,
and insecurity and even danger menacing our colonial
possessions, it is far from being evidence of a healthy
state of feeling or of circumstances, when the com-
merce of the country, which has ever been its right
arm in times of difficulty, is allowed without a murmur
to remain sunk in hopeless dilapidation.
We shall return to this subjeet on a future occasion,
and endeavour to point out a few of the claims which
the mercantile and manufacturing interests have a right
to urge upon the government of the country.

We have given insertion to Mr. Briarly Browne's re-
ply to the remarks which we felt it to be our duty to
offer upon the recent ungenerous attacks upon the
Pastoral Aid Society. We might content ourselves
with a bare reference to Mr. Browne's letter, as con-
taining a full justification of the course which we pur-
sued in reference to his case. He professes to take
grave offence at the designation of " Puseyite," which,
from an isolated passage in the correspondence with
the secretary of the Pastoral Aid Society, we ventured
to apply to him. We have already explained that we
selected the appellation because it is popularly applied
to the disciples of the Oxford Tract writers. We find
in Mr. Browne's letter intrinsic evidence quite sufficient
to justify us in identifying him as one of the ad-
mirers of that school of divines. In doing so we
never meant to accuse him of entertaining sectarian
views. We are well aware that such views are
by none more strongly disclaimed than by Dr. Pusey
and the rest of the Tractarians. At the same time we
are prepared to maintain that the doctrines put forth
in those tracts, and in the larger and more elaborate
tomes published under the same auspices, are. utterly
inconsistent with the articles, homilies, and rituals of
the Church of England, as expounded and illustrated
in the writings of the fathers and confessors of the RE-
FORMED and PROTESTANT faith. Nay, further, and
what is of far greater importance, we are prepared to
prove that the dogmas of the Tractarians are utterly
repugnant to the sense of the Holy Scriptures, as set
forth and interpreted in the formularies of the esta-
blished church. To go fully into the proof of these
positions would require more space than we have at
present at our command ; but the subject is one of too
much importance to the lasting interests of the church
to permit us to shrink from its discussion.

Mr. Browne asks whether we have ever read the
" far-famed" Oxford Tracts ? We answer in the
affirmative. We have read them usque ad nauseam.
'e have also read Froude's Remains, Palmer's
works on Ecclesiastical History, Newman on Justifi-
cation, and several others of the same character ; and
.feel, therefore, tolerably competent to enter upon this
field of polemical divinity. We should hold it both
unjust and disingenuous to stigmatise works which we
had neither seen nor read. In reply to the third pa-
ragraph of Mr. Browne's letter, we have merely to
remark that, according to his own confession, we can-
not have "stronger grounds of attack" than those
which we at present possess.
When Mr. Browne remarks, that " if we have read
the Oxford Tracts, we are almost singular amongst the
number of their opponents," he must surely forget the
fearful onslaught made upon them by the present
Bishop of Chichester, and the dignified and seasonable
rebukes of the Bishops of Chester and Oxford, not to
mention the powerful exposure of their Romish ten-
dency by the pious and excellent Bishop of Calcutta,
and by the learned Bishop of Ohio. He must also
forget the numerous articles which have appeared in the
London Standard, in the Morning Herald, in the Times,
and in a great majority of the provincial journals.
Neither can he be aware, in making such a sweeping
assertion, that the doctrines promulgated in the Oxford
Tracts have been boldly and repeatedly opposed from
the pulpit, in hearing of several of the largest congre-
gations in Liverpool. It would be too much to assume
that the bishops and clergy who have thus opposed the
Oxford Tracts have never read those tracts.

We have now, we presume, sufficiently explained
ourselves on the subject of Mr. Browne's complaint.
We never intended to " nickname" him by calling him
a Puseyite. We merely wished to intimate that he en-
tertained views which we conceive to be inconsistent
with the doctrines of the Church of England. His
own letter fully corroborates our original impressions.
In our next we shall enter upon our proofs, availing
ourselves of his own references to the canons and for-
mularies of the church, as the principal grounds of our
defence against the charge of unfairness which his
letter conveys.
