MORAL HARMONY.

(From the Watchman.)
There is a cottage, and the children are playing around it.
A sweet girl somewhat Oder sits knitting near the door, with
its perfumed porch of honeysuckles;
A man approaches that residence of innocence and simpli-
city. He enters the lowly chamber. He claims an ancient
acquaintanceship with the happy family. He is welcomed by
the inmates, for he says he knew their father. The little ones
climb his knee. He is made, in the true sense of that holy
phrase, AT HOME.
. _

Shall I describe the visitant ? He. wears the garb of a me-
chanic.. Ile converses-aboUt science and the march of intel-
lect. He declaims fluently concerning political rights and
moral orgaOisation, and talks of signing the people's charter.
" What is the 'charter ?" -asks a little boy, as he munches
his brown bread and butter.

And thatman seeks oftentimes the happy house. And he
gains the affections of the simple village maiden. Why should
she doubt? He was her father's friend.
The days. come when he speaks of marriage, but he has
conscientious objections to bands.
Why? He is a philosopher. He has exploded that ancient
folly, the Church of England. He believes in no God—not
be ! God, he maintains, is the invention of the priest ! The
philosopher would burn the cross of Christ for firewood.
" Do not marry him," whispers the conscience of his be-
trothed.

" I love him," replies her inclination.
Conscience fails. The girl forgets her mother's remon-
strances, and goes forth into the world with him to whom
she has trusted her guileless heart.

They arrive at-. They are united at the Hail of Science,
on the principles of social harmony.
Ten mouths pass away with the usual alternations of life.
And then there seemed a probability that the village girl
would become a mother.

" How tiresome !" said her reputed husband, as he took
the last shilling from her pocket during her calm sleep, and
escaped from their little house, two hours before day-
light.

'She laid the tea-things for him as usual in the evening, but
he came hot.

She trimmed her lamp at midnight listening at everx_
foot-
fall as it echoed in the silent-street`; yette'canie nof. -
And the truth by degrees stole °hiller desolate spirit;
She went forth in distraction to the officers of justice. Tire
old magistrate wept as he told her how she had been de-
ceived. The cold-hearted workhouse received her, and the
paupers looked bitterly askance as they saw there was no
marriage ring on her finger. Her child was born, forlorn
and fatherless—the weakly offspring of the broken hearted.
There is a mad-house at D—. There is there the wreck
of a once beautiful form. The symmetry of the features re-
mains, but the lustre of reason has paled and expired. She
moans and walks alone. The keeper will tell you that she.
is near the grave.
\Vito Is SHE? WHo IS sHE?
And a madman answers dolefully, she is a " SOCIALIST'S
BRIDE." And the crowd of maniacs join in horribly,
We sing in chorus,
With death hefore'us,
Merrier than all the world beside,
Let weal or woe
Come or go,
Here is a bonny SOCIALIST'S BRIDE.
And one madman chalks on the rough wall a skeleton. He
calls it the sign of his inn. • And underneath he scrawls with
ominous fidelity, the words—" HARMONY AT THE SIGN OF
THE SOCIALIST'S BRIDE."
There is a pauper funeral. I ask the burley sexton, why
the females are so numerous and so angry. " 0," says the
man, " its only a woman buried who was SEDUCED BY A
SOCIALIST."

It is Sunday night. The Hall of Science is lighted. Strike
up the violins. • A man is'dancing with a courtesan.
Some one whispers in his ear, " your former wife died last
Week in a mad-house." • : •
Doe's lie turn pale? No ! lle is a philosopher.
4 Does he Shed a tear ? No! Be is a SOCIALIST.
Does he say anything? Yes ! " What a pity she did not
ma'l'm is Soma:lsm.
Elce away
ivGLrsnvywiothmtrslellT.

ELOPEMENT.—On Sunday night, the 2d inst., a lass,
named Judy Bourke, eloped with a gallant gay Lothario,
the name of Philip Walsh, of Ballinacooly, near Piltown ;
the former taking with her £3BO, which had been collected
as county cess by her brother. The loving pair evaded the
vigilance of the police until Friday night last, when they
were arrested by Constable ArCarthy and party, of the
P alenbower station, at a relative's house. The lady was
euded out of a cupboard, where she had gone for retire-
in,t; We understand that the money has not been reco-
vered n
as yet. The parties have been committed for trial.-
PP rary Constitutional.

(From the Colonial Magazine.)
There is no subject of more momentous interest to every
civilized nation, than an inquiry into the present position qf
England ; there is no topic of higher importance (socially
speaking) to the whole family of man, than an endeavour to
ascertain the future prospects of England.. The first branch
of inquiry would involve an investigation of proximate and
remote causes of almost indefinite extent, end, on this oc-
casion, an exposition of results is all that can be expected,
reserving for a subsequent period, more minute, and, perhaps,
more satisfactory details.
One of theinost prevalent existing opinions is, that
land has witnessed the acme of her power, and, having passed
the meridian, now hastens to decay. This inference is er-
roneously drawn, from observing, Ist, that individuals of the
animal and vegetable kingdoms have their periods of youth,
age, and death.; * and, 2d,.that all the great nations of ,anti-
quity have perished, leaving scarcely a vestige of their name ;
the antiquary with difficulty tracing the spot on which the
metropolitan cities of vast empires once stood'.
But the inference is unsubstantiated in its premises, and
not fairly supported in its conclusions. Examine one of the
primeval forests of America—it has existed there for ages ;
its limits, defined from the adjacent prairie by a broad and
clear savanna, on which not a shrub is seen. True, the in•
dividual trees of the forest perish, but their place is imme-
diately filled up ; ages roll on—tree succeeds to tree—the
forest never becomes the prairie—and at the end of centuries
is found in all its beauty, denseness, and vigour. The same
principle is applicable to herds of animals, and to congregated
masses of our fellow-creatures. Thus, also, is it with a na-
tion : individuals die—the nation lives, and will continue to
flourish for ages, so long as the elements of moral disease are
subdued by virtue. The analogy, therefore, between the
existence of an individual of a species, and the aggregate of
a nation, is incorrect; so also is the conclusion drawn from
the supposed analogy.
Empires, kingdoms, and republics have risen from infancy
to maturity, and. then perished. No form of government.
whether that of absolutism or democracy, has been found
sufficient to save a nation from final extinction ; the seeds of
dissolution were sown at birth, and were evolved when the
physical and intellectual structure began to wane. Babylon
and Nineveh—Egypt and Jerusalem—Tyre and Carthage—
Athens and Rome—have all in succession risen from insig-
nificance to power, and then vanished like the " baseless
fabric of a vision," leaving scarcely a" wreck behind." But
because these memorials and records of mere human great-
ness are before us, does it necessarily follow that all nations
must have their rise and fall? Sacred 'Writ most fully in-
forms us of the cause of the destruction of kingdonis,—be-
cause the people forsook the worship of the only true God,
became idolaters, and were consequently destroyed by the
very effect of their own vices and crimes. If Jerusalem, once
the ark of a pure religion on earth, was destroyed, as oft fore-
told by the prophets, when the measure of its iniquity was
full, is it reasonable to infer that any heathen nation could
long uphold mere temporal power ? Rome, the mistress of
the world, debased by the grossest idolatry, demoralized by
the most fearful extent of slavery, corrupted by wealth, de-
void of even the semblance of morality,—could no more ex-
pect perpetuity, than that city which was once the temple of
the chosen people of heaven.
As a wicked man is frequently cut short in his career of
crime, so was the fall of Jerusalem and of Rome ; both were
alike the persecutors of Christianity and the enemies of truth.
The downfall of Jerusalem was essential to the spread of
moral freedom ; that of Rome, to the extension of civil li-

berty. Natural causes, therefore, produce natural effects,
as regards a man or a nation; and when we find a nation
running on in a career of vice and infidelity, we can no more
be surprised at its destruction, than at the dcath of a man
who has drunk deep of the cup of sin and wickedness.
Let as examine, if there be any resemblance between Rome
and Britain. The one a constitutional free state—the other

a military. .empire, where the sovereign power was sold to the
highest bidder ;—the one a nation where all are personally
free—the other, where nine-tenths of the people were bonds-
men, serfs, and slaves ;—the one an insular-maritime power,
whose colonial possessions serve to augment its resources,
and to increase its oceanic supremacy—the other a territorial
state, whose very extension of dominion served but to weaken

its strength, and to diminish its capability for defence ;—the
one enjoying all the arts and elegaucies which adorn and re-
fine social life, traversing land and sea with a celerity and
certainty hitherto unknown, and using its wealth in the con-
struction of immense works, which tend to benefit mankind
—the other restricted chiefly in its mental efforts to archi-
tecture. and the showy and specious arts, making war its
;chief object; and destitute of that extraordinary instrument
for the .extension of knowledge—the press. Finally—the one
a Christian, the other a Heathen people.
In a future number, we shall endeavour to enter more at
length into this important question, because no man of a re-
flective mind would struggle to advance and elevate his
country, if he thought.that he were hastening the period of
its ultimate -declension and death. The gloi'y of a nation
would then be similar to the fleeting fame of a selfish indivi-
dual, both transient—useless to their possessors, and inca-
pable of transmission to posterity. He who loves his country
for the sake of the good which she accomplishes, and by rea-
son of her Christian principles, will not, cannot, think that
the meridian of her existence is passed, while there is aught
of good to be fulfilled, and-while Christianity exists on earth.
Most pertain is it, that a nation ivithopt true religion, is like
a house bruit on the sand, which the. winds and waves de-
stroy 3s and if England be that houSe constructed on a rock—
whioh;Revelation predicts—then mayshe defy the tempest,
and•the.not less sure but more insidious effects of time. •
We may now -briefly advert to the present state of the
fish empire. It is certainly one of peril, and fraught With
imminent danger.; but still not without a bright and clear
vista.. The domestic condition of England, Ireland, and
Scotland-hetokens..the struggles of an industrious people to
theins:dves from poverty, and to provide for those who
are to succeed • them. \i 'e behold a denser population in pro-
portion to. the soil, than is to be found in the aggregate in
any other nation ; in some parts 300 mouths to; the square
.mile. We see that soil entirely pre-occupied, and :brought
to a high, pitch of cultivation lay the accumulated capital of
centurif.s t yet year by year less capable of producing an ade-
quate supply of food, to meet the demands of a rapidly aug-
menting
_population. Steam-machinery--that efficient in-
strument for raising man from the condition of a mere beast
of burden—while it lowers the price of labour, lessens
-the
number of,' labourers required and .if brought successfully
into use in' agriculture, it will tend still more to cause the
evils of a redundant population to be more and more severely
'felt. With this reduction in the means of employment, and
in the wages of industry, we find an increasing aptitude for
intellectual and social enjoyments, and an -unwillingness to
submit to physical suffering and privations, which were here-
tofore silently borne.

The recent extension of political rights has left a large mass
of the people dissatisfied, because they find themselves pre-
cluded from the exercise of thosc immunities to which they
look—go a means to an end---namely, the benefitting of their
social condition. Extreme democratic opinions are, there-
fore, rashly advocated, and the balance of a constitution,
which it has been the efforts of ages to keep equipoised, is
in danger of final overthrow ; the sword of physical power
being, in fact, ready to be cast into the scale : while educa-
tion, in itself a blessing it' accompanied with religious instruc-
tion, will but lead to further desire for change, unless food,
raiment, and an abundance of all the necessaries of life, be-
come easier and easier of attainment.

Let us now glance at the condition of the transmarine
provinces of the empire : where do we find peace and con-
tentment ? It was the sarcastic remark of a nobleman who
filled, within the last few years, the office of Secretary of
State for the Colonies, that the " oily Colony in tranquillity
was Heligoland.'" We pass without comment the questions
of the state of Canada—of the West Indies—the East Indies,
&c., they are well deserving of the most serious attention,
and calculated to excite the most anxious solicitude ; but we
do not desire to make such topics mere party questions, and•
our future numbers will oontain ample discussions respecting
their political and social wants. The condition of our Colon-
ial possessions, as well as that of our domestic state, is not
the result merely of yesterday, but the sequence of causes,
some of which are of long standing, and the effects of which
though often predicted. have always been neglected.
The unfriendly bearing of our foreign relations, is what
may naturally be expected from rivals jealous of our political
power—thirsting for our territorial wealth, and desirons of
enrichini themselves at our exnPnse. There is not a king-
11Qm urope, nor a republic in America, in actual friendly
alliance with us ; and were a general war to occur, England
would not possess an ally, unless self-interest prompted a
co-operation. Many, indeed, of the continental nations would
rejoice in the destruction of the British Empire, as if they
expected to rise on its ruins.
In the midst of these surrounding perils, we see no efforts
made by genius and wisdom, to avert impending evils ; tem-
porary expedients are resorted to, and the energy and abilities
of the country are wasted on acrimonious strife, and directed
to no grand or definite principle for the preservation of the
social edifice, and the maintenance of the integrity of the
empire.

Yet, however gloomy may be the present, there is no real
cause of alarm for the future; from the very nettle danger,
we may pluck the flower safety ; and out of the destructive
elements around, we may gather the means of advancing, se-
curing, and establishing our power for ages. It is true that
we are endeavouring to pay in gold, at £3. 17s. 10-.ld. an
ounce, a debt of £800,000,000. contracted in a depreciated
paper currency ; and that £30,000,000. of annual taxes are
required to pay simply the interest of that debt, without the
accumulation of any sinking-fund towards its final liquida-
tion. But the property in the United Kingdom is almost
incalculable. That of land alone is estimated at two thous-
and millions sterling ! England is not, therefore, insolvent ;
and whenever an able financier chooses to grapple with this
vital subject, there are ample means for its adjustment.
Of the 28,000,000 inhabitants in the United Kingdom,
nearly 20,000,000 are unfortunately living from " hand to
mouth," by precarious labour, and scantily supplied with the
necessaries of life. Yet this very abundance of labour may
be rendered of the utmost value, was there perfect freedom
of commerce, and no monopoly of the money phich legiti-
mately represents trade ; in other words, were there equal
laws of freedom for the transfer of commodities, and of their
representative value. The great reform is now in process of
accomplishment by the joint-stock .sy*tem• of banking, by
_weans of which, if gradually and cautiously brought into
-operation, trade will be saved from future panics, and the
country fr_om ruinous vicissitudes in, its monetary affairs.
Thus, steadiness of employment, and remunerative prices,
will raise the value of property, and spread plenty throughout
the land ; and when 20,000,000 of now half-fed, ill-clad, and
imperfectly educated beings shall have been raised in the
social scale, we shall daily find fresh sources of employment,
and means will be multiplied for deriving the full benefits of
the industry of intelligent, and morally disposed millions.

(To be continued.)

* " The world, like the individual, flourishes in youth,
rises to strength in manhood, falls into decay in age ; and the
ruins of an empire are like the decrepit frame of an indivi-
dual, except that they have some tints of beauty which na-
ture bestows on them."—Consolations in Travel. Dialogue
I. by Sir Humphrey Davy.

The Tallahassee Star has the following creditable matter
relative to American civilization :—" Colonel Fitzpatrick
arrived on Tuesday, at St. Mark's, from Cuba, with 33
bloodhounds and six Spaniards, their trainers and keepers.
If these hounds are put into service we have more confidence
in the speedy close of the Seminole war than ever before."

" Our correspondent at Vienna," says the Journal de
FranVort, " informs us that another bond is about to be
added to those which tie the ducal family of Saxe Coburg
Gotha and the reigning family of France, by the marriage of
Prince Augustus Louis Victor, a captain of cavalry in the
Austrian service, with her Royal Highness the Princess
Clementine. The Prince is second son of Duke. Ferdinand,
and brother to the Princess who is about to be married to the
Duke de Nemours.—Galignani.

PORTSMOUTH, SATURDAY.---.Frost, Williams, and Jones.
arrived here this morning early, in the Usk steamer, after a
boisterous passage of thirteen (lays from Cardiff, part of
which time has been spent, from the severity of the weather,
in Ilfracombe, Padstow, and St. Ives. They arrived in good
health, but in bad spirits—Fiost, in particular, having
anxiously inquired if the Queen had extended mercy to them
on her marriage. They were immediately transferred to the
York hulk, and placed in a ward by themselves, which had
been prepared for the purpose, so that they may hold no
communication with their fellow convicts; and though they
were immediately clothed in convict apparel, they will not
be sent on shore to work, without further instructions from
the Secretary of State's Office. Under the usual regula-
tion, however, of their letters being unsealed, they will be
permitted free communication with their friends; but no
idle
one, from curiosit
—Hampshire Telegraph.
y, will be suffered to intrude on them.

Kingston, Kennedy; Lydia, Cothay, and George Gordon, Stir-
ling, hence at Demerara
Eliza Heywood, Heywood, from Calcutta, at ditto
Nippon, and Alex:r, Lilies, hence at Messina
Arab, l)algarno, hence at Trieste
Westchester, Ferns, hence at Trieste 2nd ult. and sailed 22nd for
New York

Standard, Thompson, sailed from Demerara on the 11th Jan.
Jarrow Walker, on the 13th, and Denison, Jones, on the 15th—
all for this port
Marina, Cock, sailed from Trieste for this port 7th instant
John Woodall, Williams, for Rio de Janeiro, that put back 1501
instant, has discharged all her cargo without any damage
Baldassare, Bondick, from Trieste, at Malaga for this port
H.M.S. Blenheim, 72 guns, and Blonde, 46 guns, sailed froir
Portsmouth for China 16th instant, and would call at Plymouth
A board, 7. feet long, with
•" Mary Hartley," in yellow letters, or
it, has been picked up near Pwllhely
A quantity of wreck, consisting of masts, yards, sails, &c. ap•
patently belonging to a large brig, was seen floating yesterday is
Cardigan Bay

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 20.—Wind E. fresh,

ARRlVED.—Persian, —, from Natchez—Elbe, lieazley, from
Alexandria—Queen's Packet, , from Sliz,o—arat Harriet,
----, from London,.

SAHA:D.—Alfred, Ledsten, for St. Michael's—Berwick, Harding,
for Mobile—Tyrone, Shand, for Jamaica—Lalmyra, Cuzhing. fur
Bostofi—Pheenix, Hartley, for Antigua—Dee, Wylie, for Africa—
George, Minnot, for Savannah—Scotland, Cunningham, for Manilla
—American, Holder, for New York—Rapid, Bolton, for Madeira
and Demerara—Bombay, Guy, for New Orleans—and Albrec,Volet,
for St. Joseph's.

Mary Ann Hatton, , hence for Savannah, was spoken 14th
Feb. in lat. 46, long. 11 30
Francis, , hence for New South Wales, oil' Tuskar
Cornwall, Butcher, for Rio Janeiro j Patriot, Saubridge, for
Naples; Le Dauphin, Chevalier, for Nantez ; Clipper, Douglas, for
liilboa ; Anna Agatha, Berghins, for Rotterdam ; Mersey, Gregory,
for Vera Cruz; Sarah, Atiolphus, for 11:..rbice ; Tam IPShiinter,
Beatie. for Venice; 13ritrumia, Furzentau, roc St. Nichol's—Tom-
linson, Wallis, for Campeachy; and Amelia, Bonnet, fur Charente;
sailed from Milford on the 17th instant; and the Resolution, For.
rest, for Maranham, on the isth

Criterion, Fry, for La Guayra ; Brilliant, Crocker, for Terceira,
and Mary & Jane, Osborne, for Naples, sailed from Falmouth
instant

North Star, Benedict, for Philadelphia; Sarah, Howes, for Con,
stantinople ' • Betsey, Ivey, for Alexandria; Thunder, Small, fol
Trinte, and Pigeon, (packet) with supplies for the homeward hound
sailed from ditto 18th instant

Mary Ray, Grayson, hence and St. Thomas, at Cuba
Calcutta, M'Kennelt, and Ward, Masters, hence at John, N.B.
Demerara, Miller, from Demerara, at Dublin
Edinburgh, , from New Orleans, at Havre
O.ive & Eliza, from New Orleans, at the Clyde
NEWRY, Feb. 14.—The Clarence, Hughes, from Runcorn, is on
the Blockhouse Rocks, but is expected to he got off
COVE, Feb. 18.—The Abercromby, from Liverpool for Charleston,
got under way this morning to proceed to sea, and in wearing
grounded upon Copper Point in this harbour, and must remain till
high water, but without damage
TELEGRApiz OFFIcx.—No intelligence in consequence of thick
weather.

liozvaismi, Feb. 19.—Schooner, No. 1054, off, inward bound
Wind S.E. fresh breeze.

ESSELS ENTERED FOR LOADING.

(SINCE OUR LAST PUBLICATION.)

EAST INDIES, CAPE OF GOD HOPE, Sre.
Blakely, J Snipe, 314 China & Manilla, Taylor, Potter & Co
LorLl Althorp, P Jackson, 233 Calcutta; 'l' & J Brucklebank

AFRICA.

Warree, Smith,
Antelope,

130 Africa,
Africa,

li C Crosbie
T Harrison & Co

WEST INDIES AND MADEIRA.

Idris, R Leg, et, 193 Tortola, J Swire & Co
Emulous, Ferguson, 191 Demerara, A Montgomery
Warman, -- ----, , imi Hayti, It Shell X: Co
SO ii'i 'H AMERICA. •
Wm. Acicers, J Nicol, 32; Laguira and Puerto Cabello,

Jaue Goodie, R Davy,
Mary Scott, W R Sadler,

W Rose & Co
233 Rio Janeiro, Imrie & Tomlinson
250 Valparaiso, Cotesworth A Wynne

UNITED STATES,

Coriolanus, Wells, :WO Savannah, Waddington, Holt tic Co
Itialt,,, 1• Ito; rn cm, 4:15 New Orleans, W Quayle
Caonet, J Bute, 870 New Orleans, .1 Mitre
Lancashire, T Alexander, 671 New York, Fitzhugh & C Grimshaw
Dublin, C Skolfield, 650 Philadelphia, Ingleby & Co
Ligonia, J Hamilton, 285 Baltimore, Galt, Bartr & Co
Niagara, S E Cole, 540 Mobile, Galt, Barif & Co
New York, J Niven, 525 Mobile, Tennants, Clow &Co
Alexander, -- Capie, 384 Mobile, Humphreys &Biddle
Brooklyn, k Richardson, 405 New York, Galt, Bart/ & Co
St. Lawrence, .1 G Bunker, 518 New York, I ngleby & Co
Stephen %Whitney, W C Thompson, 1000 New York,

T & J Sands & Co
Cotton Planter, C P. Doan, 301 New York, Hughes, Cowie & Co
Michigan, Sturgess, 498 New Orleans, Holt & Arrowsznith
BRITISH AMERICA. •

Tamerlane, F Fisher, 399 Quebec, H Smith & CO
Duncan, D Robertson, 443 St. John, N.B. Gibbs, Bright & Co
Bride, D George, 186 Cadiz and Newfoundland, C& E Hunt &Co
Forager, it Slirghtholme, 381 Halifax, N.S. J Gordon & Co
Terra Nova, J Barclay, 174 St. John, Newfoundland and Brazils,

,
J (3, Oughterson
Haidee, J Marshall, 335 Montreal,- Chapman & Co
Aerial, H Robinson, 280 Montreal, Brodie & Hamilton
George, W Rea, 576 Quebec, M`Leod & Yarrow
Coronation, W Broadley, 739 St. John, N.B. Cannon, Miller & Co
Agamemnon, E Broomhead, 294 Montreal, J Froste &Co
Sannon, T B M'Alpine, 634 Halifax, N.S. Anderson, Garrow & Co
EUROPE.
Louisa, J Elliott, 69 Lisbon, J Glynn & Son
Proven, 0 K Axelsen, 167 Bremen, Bahr, Behrend &Co
X L, N Duncan, 212 Genoa and Leghorn, J G White
Hebe, S V Thompson, 103 Gibraltar, G Yates, Lonthean & Co
Thornely. Foreman, 242 Hambro', Chayman & Willis
Allred, J Ledstone, St. Michael's, E Rae & Sons
