STATE OF TRADE.

MANCHESTER.—There was a decidedly better demand for
yarn yesterday than on any market day for several weeks
past, and sales were readily effected by all who chose to ac ;ept
previous rates. Many of the spinners, however, stood out
for an advance, and we believe in some cases an advance of a
farthing per pound was obtained on 40's mule yarn. For
goods, too, there was a little more inquiry ; but it did not
produce any improvement in prices. The general feeling in
the market, however, was much more cheerful than for some
weeks past.
ROCHDALE FLANNEL MARKET, MONDAY.—There has
been a very dull market to-day ; and the demand for flannels
has been more limited than it was on the two preceding Mon-
days ; but prices have undergone no change. In the wool
market there has been very little doing, and no change in
prices to report.
HUDDERSFIELD MARKET, TUESDAY.—There were more
buyers to-day than for some weeks past, who were sharply on
the look-out for cheap bargains ; but few purchases were
made, on account of the firmness in prices, which certainly
have reached the lowest point of depression. Hopes are now
entertained of an increased demand, both in woollens and
light fancy goods. Wools are more in demand, at late quqta-
tions. More business is doing in the warehouses. On the
whole, there is not quite so much gloom, but still trade is in
a wretched state, and the situation of a large mass of opera-
tives is truly deplorable.—Manchester Guardian.
BLACKBURN.—Our market has continued in the same in-
active and unsatisfactory state throughout the past week
which has marked its movements for many weeks past ; and
if any relieving feature presents itself, it is in the hope en-
tertained by many, that both the raw and manufactured ma-
terial have reached the lowest point of depression.

FOREIGN RECIPROCITY.—The Irish butter trade with
Portugal, and the trade in Newfoundland cod-fish imported
to that country, has almost entirely ceased, the cortes abat-
ing fifteen per cent., all duties in favour of their own ship-
ping or Portuguse bottoms. Salt from Portugal is imported
to this country free of duty, and this trade is also confined
to their own vessels.

Ministers are threatened with a formidable motion on Chi-
nese affairs by Sir James Graham. ' The papers produced as
a justification of their past proceedings and the warlike expe-
dition now in course of preparation, furnish the materials of
an attack, which it will task the Ministerial strength to re-
pel. It is indeed time that the policy of Government to-
wards China should be fully examined. We are not aware
that a warlike enterprise of such magnitude, and the results
of which may he of such incalculable importance, was ever
before undertaken by a British Government without the
formal sanction of Parliament. The responsibility assumed
by Ministers is immense.—Spectator.
Slit JAMES ANDERSON'S STEAM CARRIAGE.—On Mon-
day night the first of these carriages, building at Newcomen-
bridge mills, was brought up from the works to be painted
at Nottingham-street. The rise from the mill, we are in-
formed, is 9 feet 6 inches in 68 feet ; and, it being considered
imprudent to use steam power for such an ascent, a number
of workmen attempted to draw it up, but were unable. The
steam was then used, and the hill ascended, without the least
difficulty, to the top of the bridge. The carriage immedi-
ately started down the strand, and turned directly into the
house prepared for it, apparently under full command. We
understand that as soon as painted and decorated, it will be
publicly exhibited. The difficulty of steam carriage ascend-
ing steep bills seems no longer to exist.—Saunder's News
Letter.

Mr. J. Dunglinson, of the Goat, near Cockermouth, has
preserved the following rare birds, &c., during last winter :
Capercale, the male weighed twelve pounds, (male and fe-
male) ; ptarmagan, in. winter and summer plumage; black
grouse, red ditto, Solan gander, barnacle, crested cormorant,
green ditto or shag, great nothern diver (male and female,)
dun diver, red-throated ditto, great speckled ditto, swallow-
tailed thiel drake, pintail or lea pheasant. red-breasted mey-
ansen, lea parrot, burgo master, kittiwake, oyster catcher,
grey plover, guillimot lesser, penguin, little awk, pewit gull,
lesser fern, wigeon, horned owl (male and female,) ringouzle,
ring-tailed c.atle, 'and a variety of the commoner class of bird
and a small. Shetland pony, thirty-six years of age, the pro
perty of Joseph Oillbanks,.Esq., Whitefield.— Carlisle Pa
trig*. , ,

•

tl)t Zibtrpoof gPtanbarb.

PRID.4Ir MORNING, MARCH 27, 1840.

We have been favoured with a file of Canton papers
to the Bth of December inclusive, which were brought
by the John O'Gaunt, Capt. Robertson. Their con-
tents have been anticipated by the late overland mail.
The John O'Gavnt has had an extraordinarily quick
passage.

We have received our files of the Jamaica Royal
Gazette and Standard to the Bth of February, inclu-
sive. These papers are chiefly occupied with discus-
sions and comments on the proposed establishment of
a " Silk Company," which was looked forward to with
an intense degree of interest. If the antieipations of
those who have projected this company should be real-
ised, it will prove one of the most valuable additions to
the prosperity of the island, and will probably lead to

the introduction of silk cultivation into the whole of
our West India colonies. It is truly gratifying to find
that the planters and others in those noble colonies are
thus bestirring themselves in earnest, and devoting

their energiesTand their capital to the further develop:
mentaltheir internal resources. An impulse has been
given'to,',thetirderity:of the -West Indies which, we
trust, will eventually more than connterhalance the
chilling indifference and positive discouragement, ma-
nifested towards those possessions by the present reck-
less administration.'

The subject of immigration also continues to attract
considerable attention in- Jamaica: We publish, in
another column, 'a
very, interesting .letter.nn-ihis sub-
ject, from the pen of- a • gentleman who: is perfectly
cognizant of all its detailS. He offers' sofne invaluable
suggestions on a topic which has been more than once
glanced at in this paper—the practicability of forming
agricultural settlements in the .West Indies for emi-
grants from Great Britain. We think that Dr. Max-
well has fully established his case, and proved that Ja-
maica offers one of the most eligible points to which

the attention of emigrants from this kingdom can be
directed. His accounts of the salubrity of the climate,
and the resources and capabilities of the soil, will be
perused with peculiar interest. Would it not be ad-
visable to form a " West India Colonization Society"

for the purpose of carrying the proposed scheme into
effect ? We believe that such a society would be of
incalculable benefit to that portion of our colonial em-
pire.

We have received our files of the Guiana Chronicle
to the 29th of January, inclusive. The session of the
Court of Policy commenced on the 28th of January,
when his Excellency Governor Light delivered his
opening speech. We are sorry that we cannot make
room for that document. We can only afford space
for a brief summary. He expressed his regret that
there had been a considerable decrease in the produce
during the past year ; but hoped that the produce of
the present year would, by its proportionate increase,
give reason for congratulation. The receipts of import
and internal duties had far exceeded their estimated
produce, and the civil list had been nearly covered by
the surplus customs alone. Governor Light, being a
Liberal in politics, speaks of the conduct of the labour.
ing classes in terms of eulogium which we think are
not at all justified by the accounts which have reached
us from different sources. He praises them for their
cheerfulness, contentment, and industry. In many
instances, there; can be no doubt, these praises are
richly merited ; but we fear that the great majority of
the labourers have subjected themselves to the charge
of idleness. The diminished produce of British Guiana
is a too conspicuous proof of the truth of this charge
to admit of a moment's dispute.
Governor Light refers, with some degree of exulta-
tion, to the ambition of the labourers to become land-
holders. Great numbers had already become possessed
of properties by purchase, and the system was likely to
extend still further.. This fact very forcibly proves the
necessity of an extended scheme of immigration. A
supply of fresh labourers, and that in very considerable
numbers, is indispensably- necessary in order to keep
up the cultivation to its present extent, not to say any-
thing of increasing its amount. Labourers are con-
tinually leaving many of the properties, to settle down
on lands of their own, whose places must be quickly
supplied. Unless this be done, there must be a still
further diminution in the produce. The fact that la-
bourers are enabled thus to purchase properties of their
own, from their savings under the system of slavery and
apprenticeship, is a conclusive proof of the liberal man-
ner in which the Negroes have been treated by the
planters, and ought for ever to silence the calumnies so
diligently and mischievously spread by the agents of
the Anti-Slavery Society.
Governor Light next congratulates the Court of Po-
licy on the small amount of crime in the colony. The
peasantry had beenrsubmissive, had obeyed the law,
and respected authority.
The Governor next alludes to a subject of very great
importance—the improvement of the capital of the
province, with a view to the preservation of health.
He says that there had not been a single case of yellow
fever that might not be traced to the neighbourhood of
a single street, Water-street, the defective drainage of
which had caused deadly miasmata to arise, which, if
not obviated, would seriously affect the interests of the
colony. We trust that the application of a remedy will
soon render Georgetown as salubrious as any port in
the West Indies.

On the subject of immigration Governor Light says,
" I trust the obstacles to our receiving immigrants will

be removed by the favour of her Majesty's Govern-
ment. It is your duty to be prepared at once for an
influx of population—to provide a suitable building for
their reception, with proper responsible medical and
other officers for their general welfare throughout the

colony."
The Guiana Chronicle very justly ridicules the igno-
rance of Englishmen with reference to the geographi-
cal position of the colony. A member of the House of
Commons lately designated that portion of the conti-

neat of south America an island .1 and it is not long

since that the correction of a similar mistake was ap

pended to • a note in " Blackstone's Commentaries."
An English provincial journal also lately remarked that
" millions of acres of land in' Berbice, Demerara, and

British Guiana remained uncul►ivated."

The Chronicle, remarking upon the decrease in the
exports from the colony, says that the deficiency does

not arise from the deterioration of the soil, but from

the disinclination of the labouring classes to cultivate
it. The Negro is now his:own master, and the lassi-
tude and indolence which the climate is calculated to
superinduce, has charms for him as well as for the
refined European. In that luxury •he can well afford
to indulge, for the labour of a day furnishes him with
the means of supporting the idleness of a week. In
illustration of this statement the editor of the Chronicle
furnishes an instance which fell under his own obser-
vation. He had Nisited an estate on the west coast of
the river Demerara, and out of a population of 100

Negroes resident on the property, only thirteen were
working in the field, and not one in the buildings!
Such a state of things cannot go on much longer,
without inflicting irreparable injury on the colony, and
consequent loss to the mother country. " The effect
of diminished produce," the Chronicle remarks, "is.
of course, dimunition of exports, and, consequently,
a decrease of revenue in England. It is true that this
_Calling off in the revenue is not much felt in England;
.but it is something at a time when the expenfliturvf
Great Britain is exceeding its revenue." The force of
this remark will be more fully recognised when. tve
state that the duties on the importations. of colonial
produce in Engiand are estimated at about Iwo

lions sterling annually,
The only remedy that can be applied to the existing
state of things in British Guiana—the only means by ,
which the country can be saved from ruin, is, IMtst.t•

. ,

GRATION.
.32 '.!t-
The advantage resulting from-an extended system

of immigration have been fully demonstrated by the • !,
successful issue of the experiment set on foot in the
colony of Trinidad. That colony has taken a sudden..
start in prosperity which promises the most brilliaat
result. The immigrants into that island have been :
chiefly from America ; and no sooner did the lazy de-
nizens of the colony find that there were others ready .7
and willing to accomplish even greater tasks than they
had previously declined, or indolently performed, than
they turned round, and briskly proceeded to their va-
rious appointed portions of labour. The same result
would inevitably follow the introduction of an increased
number of labourers into other colonies.
The effect of immigration upon the present labour-
ing population of the West Indies is, perhaps, one of
the most powerful reasons for procuring an increased
supply of hands. It would introduce the principle of.
competition in labour—a principle which could not fail,
to produce the most favourable results. The simple ,
process of an addition to the number of labourers
would convert the idle into the industrious—the inso-
lent
into the submissive. They would see that they
had only the alternative of working or starving. This .
collateral advantage of stimulating others to labour
would he superadded to the direct benefit which would
accrue from the employment of an additional number
of hands.
The Guiana Chronicle expresses itself in very san-
guine terms as to the success of the petition forwarded
to the Government in favour of the immigration ordi-
nances ; and. adds that the despatches of the Governor .
cannot fail in disabusing the public mind in England
as to the alleged cruelties to the Hill. Coolies. We,
believe that this expectation has been already realised,
as far as the public are concerned; but we regret to;„
--
find that Lord John Russell has paid very little attenn
tion to the representations, of Governor Light.
~ No-::
thing, we fear, short -of -a, :powerful demonstration in
Parliament can now.-:secure to :British, Guiana thosf.:,
advantages for which all parties in the colony,. have
n‘->, tons oorstorkriinis Wo hope that Ruch.at de-
monstration will be very shortly made.
One of the grand objections against.the scheme.4{
introducing the Hill Coolies into. British Guiana is). +i
probability that the privilege will be abused. ,This-ob-o
jection is of the most futile character. The Govern?."
ment officials in. British
,Guiana, with the Governor at
their head, have demonstrated the policy,_ eren for the:
sake of the Hill Coolies themselves, of, procuring sup
plies of them for the cultivation of British Guiana.,
They are now living in a land,where, at the very best,
they scarcely exceed the " starvation point," and where
they are periodically visited by desolating plagues and
frightful famines. Removed to British Guiana, they
would be above want, nay, in the enjoyment of every
luxury, and comparatively exempt from disease : in a
word, they would exchange the most abject misery and
poverty for comfort and abundance.
In the language of the Guiana Chronicle, " here is a
land literally overflowing with milk and honey, truly
described by the Governor, when he designated it ' a
rich mine of gold,' with capabilities for becoming the
wealthiest province of the British crown. All it wants
is labour. With that, we can add to our exporti to
such an extent as to defy competition : without it, we
must fall back into the miserable condition of a paltry'
dependency." This is not the language of a Tory
journal. It is that of the Liberal organ of a Liken;
Governor. As such we should certainly expect
.it to
have some weight with our Liberal contemporaries i.ll
this country, unless they are so blinded by prejudice's'
to be incapable of conviction.
A few weeks since we published an ,account of .a
fancy ball, given at Vreed-en-Hoop estate, the ininiertY
of John Gladstone, Esq. The Guiana Chronicle, while
commenting on the proceedings, says that they afforded
" a transcendant refutation of the calumnies proPagate4
by the disciples of Scoble," and that they "spoke to the
people of England in a language not to be misunder-
stood." If the labourers on that estate be, in
.oat
condition which the partisans of the fanatics would-re-
present them to be, how comes it to pass that they
are enabled to give a ball so sumptuous as to cost f4OO
sterling ? Is there any corresponding class of labour-
ers or artisans in England that could afford to make
such a demonstration.
We perceive that the merchants of GeorgetOir
have adopted resolutions. similar to thOse which ha 4
been agreed to in Berbice on the subject of 'credit.
They have limited their credit to six months—account'
to be rendered then, and to be met either by:cash, 9f
an acceptance of three months,- bearing intere . •
arrangement, it was confidently expected, would
to the most favourable result.

A file of the Berbice Advertiser to the 30th of JO'
has reached us. These papers complain bitterly of
the disfranchment of the Dutch inhabitants by Go-
vernor Light, owing to some private pique of the latter•
They also condemn the Governor for refusing to adout
the immigrants from America to a participation in the
political rights of British subjects—a principle which
had been conceded in Trinidad. This conduct is quite
consistent with the character of a Liberal, who must be
a tyrant wherever he goes. r

Each successive day brings with it some fresh es"'
dence of the ascendancy of Popery in the " high
places" of this once Protestant land ; and each fres°
illustration of this ascendancy is of a more definite and
determinate character than its predecessor. The most
recent instance of the patronage of Popery on the Part
of the O'Connell-ridden Government has just be 'n
made public by a correspondent of the London Stafill:i
ard, who states that a Treasury order has been lone,
to the Commissioners of her Majesty's
.CustoMs•ACk
recting that all images, plate, pictures, or .iornasicl:4-c'
intended for the use of Romari:` Cia400.140:11:. Litet
ship, shall be imported duty free., iPthisadaliall'
should prove correct, it will he .c4ileftrealPitiLcr,
slued, by the Protestant people Ofanfitang -*a a":"
LialAffsn'
insult to their feetilw atui;in-qtf ,
- v.,1 s out -
the country; .SaicLwe,•nabistimlyAka4.ll to 4'%0-m-,21.,
for the Protests 9-


in

nt
ha ,
b-

Ip-

)f ,a
ertY
bile
.ded
AC a

the
der-

that

re-
they
:400
our-
lake

awl"
stied
ilth

.hargy and indifference, and to struggle manfully for
the, preservation of all that is dear to them ?

The 'Gentle-Men' of the Whig party, of whom our
contemporary of the Liverpool Times is the especial
organ, appear just now. to he in a situation very much
resembling that of a puzzled pig-driver, or a hen with
a brood of duckling's which have unfortunately become
Possessed of an -inclination to dabble in the horse-
pond: The herd of bipeds, upon whom our contem-
porary has for the last month been exhausting the
weapons and the vocabulary of Billingsgate, will not
be driven,—but with the true obstinacy of porkers,
prefer to journey to the shambles by a road of their
own choosing; and we are afraid that the coaxing
vein, to which our contemporary has at length resorted,
will be thrown away upon so unenlightened a race.
:Yes—the Reformers of Liverpool, the "common
fellows," the proprietors of beer-houses and barbers'
shops, boarding houses. and other houses whose local-
ity is not in the aristocratic regions of Abercromby-
square, or the rural retirement of Wavertree, have
dared to select for themselves a candidate to represent
their "most sweet voices" and persons in parliament,
or rather to attempt so forlorn a hope. These men,
"the uMvashed,"—to gratify whose tastes and likings
"the editor of the Albion thinks fit to degrade his
paper to the level of the Liverpool Chronicle,"—have
dared to overlook the superior wisdom which centres
in the "gentlemen" of their party, and to select Mr.
Joshua. Walmsley, the Mayor of Liverpool, a "71 OMS
IMMO," the chairman of that Very vulgar body, the
Tradestnen's Reform Association, and a townsman, in
preference to a man "of high parliamentary reputa-
tion, distinguished talents, tried liberality of principle
and commanding influence," such as for instance Sir
George Grey, or—who does the reader suppose ?
" Lord Palmerston !"—the contemptible fribble whose
very name provokes a laugh or a sneer in every court
of Europe. What super-human obstinacy is here ?
We COuld--4eefi-Ilbt- our -contemporary, as we have
often beery` inclined to do with the poor Emerahiers
*horn :we 'have seen toiling and perishing amid the
dust and heat- of a summer's day in the vain attempt
to inspire inianhninity of sentiment into the minds of
a drove of "elegant" pigs, fresh imported from New-
ry, atid 'reared in the sweet county of Kerry. We
could:*eiP to think that our Rathbones and Earles,
the elite:6f our common Council, the "decus et tato-
men" of this great community, should be compelled
to ocktiowledge as the "foremost man amongst them
all" plain `JOshna Walthsley, mayor of Liverpool and
not a' Barimet, and lose for ever, through the self-willed
obstinacy of- their party, even the most distant hope of
Walking- *Downing-street, some fine day, arm in arm
with a eannet minister, and that minister Cupid himself.
Seriously, however, it is a sad thing to see obstacles
thrown, in the way of an object so easy of accomplish-
ment as the election of one Whig member for Liverpool
Would be. The time has been when—but we will not
awake unpleasant recollections. We should really
think,
however, that, notwithstanding the defection of
the very small party whose ambition or something else
our contemporary represents, there may be hopes for
;
the Mayor after all. Though not a Baronet, he may
still be an M. P.
and if not by fair means, he may by
means not unknown to his party ; for our contemporary
Itam ;Made the confession—a rather novel one from an
admirer of the Reform Bill—that "human nature in a
ten pound house is human nature still ;" whereas we,
to our simplicity, had always believed that a rental of
ten Pounds was the standard of every virtue under
heaven. Our friend the Albion has already enlisted
the bludgeons of the Irish in his favour; and with a
little personation of voters, a few perjuries and other
trifles, the Mayor may at any rate fight a good fight.
A -friend at our -elbow suggests that perhaps it may
be that some of the " Gentlemen" of the Whig party—
Mr. William Itathbone himself or William Earle—may
have a lurking wish to exhibit their own proper persons
in the House of Commons, "et /zinc ille ire." Really
we should not wonder if this is not something very near
the Mark. The sneer of the Times at -" that most in-
significant of politicians, General Gascoyne," is not
unlike a projection of the venom which the backsliding
Quaker on a former occasion launched at that amiable
and excellent representative of the people of Liverpool.
We should, nevertheless, strongly advise Mr. \Valais-
ley to persevere, for we do think he could bear a beat-
ing as well as any of those " Gentlemen" who stand
golnuch- upon their order ; and we are afraid, too, that
I-4rd Palmertton's-."-triefl. liberality of -principle and
ewilmanding influence" (prodigious !) might be lost to
hilt country foi,a season, if, in trying so wild an ex-
Peritnent as-the' contesting of -Liverpool, he should un-
fortunately lose the snug, -rotten, .pocket borough of

voters' `Stanley
the second reading of the Irish
.g moved
Reistration Bill, on Wednesday evening last,
when a very animated and interesting discussion en-
611eclin the .of Commons. The object of this
b11i1!. to purify the Irish registries, which are noto-
r
,"Ay contaminated with fraud and perjury, on a
741 e of fearful and gigantic magnitude. The inanu-
'4l.llT.e" of, wholesale fictitious votes, under the pre-
t sYstem, has been carried on to such a length as to
cigiltnostlotidly for the interposition of some salutary
'egislative enactment. There is scarcely a constituency
ilf!,th4t country in which this has not been practised.
raa
fictitiousefacilitiee- now afforded for the multiplication of
votes, conjoined with the very easy con-
sciences of the Popish rabble of Ireland, constitutes
the title secret of O'Connell's influence over the re-
presentation.
Inquiry after inquiry has fully established the truth
41' the foregoing remarks, and several attempts have
been made to provide a remedy against the abuses
which are- at present acknowledged to exist. These
iltliPts have hitherto proved abortive, because the
__ '
Pieo4l7it -Ministry dare not introduce a purer system of
If they did, O'Connell's tail would be
4F°el6l- Of more than one half of its joints, and the
4.!,l,.easuring cast majority" of his Whig vassals would
-:„lt#oar at' the same time.
I.r"ro.:gtaniei his ventured to cope with the existing
7.l,lB'attetidant upon the Irish registries. His measure
uo:ikes at' the very root of the present system of
dud and penury. -- It is not surprising, therefore, that
ie -APotild- be greeted by the abuse of O'Connell and
-I,lli,!6:eW,.ortliat.the Ministry, whose fate has been so
yerribling in the balance, should give their most
opposition to the measure. We shall look
vards with much anxiety to the division on Lord
Stanley's motion. He has made a noble sacrifice of his
thatt•lonal feelings; in bringing it forward, and we trust
his example will be emulated by the other Con-
ertiye.members of the House of Commons. If they
tick their' duty, and are able to 'carry this measure
91rOugh,` the .claY is :not far distant' when the Popish
.. ence
in the House of Commons will be almOst
'4lRi4atedf It is some consolation to find that the
tr eat q't,f4erVative:party in the House are beginning
assume ~.
.aggressive attitude. They have now
Paul` `corn commenced an attack, and in right good earnest,
upon one of the strongest fortresses of their enemies.
We cordially wish them every
Prise. success in their enter-
. •

.We would particularly direct the attention of our
:;enders to the excellent and impressive remarks made
* Mr. Justice Coleridge, in his charge to the jury
4esterday, on the subject of religious education. The
4ttirnony of so distinguished a character on this irri-
OrtaAt.topic is of the highest value, and must carry
'h it great weight.

Mr. SitiztlFF EVANS.—In the course of yesterday this
Persecuted gentleman arrived. This visit was expected, and,
.11.$ he had promised to attend a Secial Meeting of the Liver-
Pool Conservative Association this evening at the York Hotel,
'l,,es anxiously looked for. On yesterday afternoon, about 3
dock, 'he proceeded in company with Messrs. Samuel
liohne, Dawson, Potter Walker, and several other gentle-
en, to the Exchange liooms, where he was warmly greeted
ly his friends, and the admirers of his uncompromising re-
!l44stanee to the Felf-arrogated power of a "tyrant majority"
I the House of Commons. Three times three cheers hay-
„loll:been simultaneously and unanimously 'given; tolr. Evans
raetired, accompanied by the above-named gentlemen, no
frog ighly gratified with his reception, and confident,
:,.trt this display of public feeling, that the. meeting of this
.11,4t11t would be not unworthy of his attendance.
!tA..,_.---There is now landing from the American packet-
&Om NeW.York, about 3,000 chests of tea.
itlarawiltnot, ofuourse, affect the tea. market here, as the Br-
ja-adosi,saabln for home consumption when imported in
j asicildtplini‘oillY.: The whole will be put in.bond, prior
7Texpottatints far, we learn; :British America.
ii.4l-0-14qksang, 4,155 A bear that on Friday last,
ditybeltiltij6°tPOritiOniif tiiiitaster paid their re-
to ilar.'..inatice!Coleridve; Div his arrival in their town,
.°iltilgrflilhiPi•FPFlnur!igifte4 tem ,the 13.1eAshag intelligence
.a•!thele IX a probability Of 't iiteigig'being brought 'back
Lintaittii; ththletratiowatul removal of a part of
`l9**l64tos
• 1;a -Live P 00131144 *en attended with great in-
k__ e ewe and ha can gulch distattifactton.-.-Black.
-"v7i Standard.
