POLL BOOK

We are glad to find that a complete list of the voters
polled for the election of Sixteen Councillors for this
Borough, on the 2d of November, is already in the
hands of the printers, and will be immediately pub-
lished. It will skew the duplicate qualifications of
the voters, and the wards in which they polled. The
list has been examined with the polling papers in the
possession of the Mayor. It will be found of great
value as a book of reference, and will prove of great
service in carrying on the canvass for the ensuing
year.

Cur Ettnrpool g9tanbarb.

TUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 24, 1840,

We have been' favoured with a copy of the Rio Com-
mercial Reporter of the 26th of September. The only
extract worth transcribing is the following, relating to
the

MONEY MARKET.
EXCHANGE :—ln the expectancy that the packet Would

sail on the 23d, business was done to some extent on Mon-
day, when 30 was the prevalent rate, a single .transaction

having then occurred both at 29 3 4 at 3 days sight and at
30 44. Soon, however, as it became known that the depar-
ture of the packet was deferred until the 27th, business was
suspended, and was not resumed until to-day. Meanwhile
the market assumed a firmer tone, but gave way upon the
transactions of the day being entered upon, and 30 was, with
one exception at 30 4 4, the rate for the packet, the transac-
tions by which have been notwithstanding her protracted de-
tention, very limited.

The whole amount negotiated upon England since the Ist
of the month we do not consider underrated at ;£450,000.
Upon Paris bills were passed on the 21st at 320, and upon
Hamburg the only rate has been 590, at which business to a
fair amount was done on the 23d and this day.
STOCK :—Transactions trilling at 74 1 4 and 74 1 2.

DISCOUNTS :—The market having continued tight, and
money in demand, the bank raised their rate to 7 per cent.
since the 23d instant, and at this abundant business is doing.
SPECIE :—Little doing, patriot doubloons have been sold
at 27 dollars 100. 27 dollars and 27 dollars 100 Spanish dol-
lars at 4 dollars 740 and silver coin at 73 1 2, 74 and 74 1 2.

When the notable project of tlie Niger Expedition
was first projected, it will be in the recollection of many
of our readers that we pointed out its impolicy, its in-
adequacy to the accomplishment of the objects pro-
posed, and the probabilities that it would prove, like
many similar experiments, an utter failure.

The recent proceedings of the agents of the Society
for the civilization of Africa have more than confirmed
us in the persuasion that our original views on this
question were strictly correct; and it is a source of sa-
tisfaction to us to learn that some of the best friends
of the Negro race coincide with us in opinion. In the
Times of Saturday last we find a long and elaborate
document, containing the resolutions adopted, on the
16th instant, by the committee of the Liverpool Anti-
Slavery Society, which fully corroborate the sentiments
which we formerly expressed, when animadverting upon
the scheme propounded by Sir Thomas Fowell Buxton,
and subsequently sanctioned by the Government.—
These resolutions of the Liverpool abolitionists are so
important that we feel constrained to adopt them as
our text in renewing our discussion of the subject.
The resolutions of the Liverpool Anti-Slavery Society
are based upon_ the deliberate conviction that " until
slavery be abolished, the slave trade will never cease to
exist." As long as markets are open for the sale of
slaves, so long will the cupidity of man be tempted to
continue the traffic. All the navies in the world would
not suffice to put a stop to it. Already has this coun-
try expended millions of money, and sacrificed thou-
sands of her hardy seamen, in the vain and futile
attempt. The slave trade, if we may believe the state-
ments of Sir 'l'. F. Buxton, has gone on increasing in
a fearful ratio, in spite of our efforts to crush it. The
liberation of the slaves in our own colonies, owing to
the subsequent conduct of the emancipated negroes,
has only tended to increase the abominable traffic.
The diminished produce of the West Indies, especially
in the great staples of sugar, rum, molasses, and coffee
has caused an increased demand for slave-grown pro-
duce, and thus operated as a direct bonus upon the
indefinite perpetuation of the slave trade; whilst the in-
creased vigilance exerted with a view to its suppression
has also tended, in the same proportion, to aggravate
the horrors of the middle passage. These are facts
which have been so often reiterated that they must be
familiar to the majority of our readers. They do not
rest upon mere assertion, or upon doubtful authority
of any kind, but are based upon official despatches and
other historical data which must be deemed at once
satisfactory and conclusive.
The Liverpool Anti-Slavery Society, while they ad-
here to the principle to which we have alluded, refer to
the history of the African Institution, in proof of the
utter futility of seeking the suppression of the slave
trade in any other way than by first extinguishing
slavery. The African Institution was formed in the
year 1807, with the view of " introducing civilization
and legitimate commerce" into the continent of Africa.
Its object was thus perfectly identical with that of the
Society for the civilization of Africa. The African In-
stitution likewise professed to adopt the same means
for the accomplishment of that object as those which
have been recently sanctioned by Governinent. The

projectors of that institution looked to the approaching
cessation of the slave trade as likely to open the way
for the introduction of the comforts and arts of a more
civilized state of society. They anticipated the hap-
piest effects "from diffusing useful knowledge and ex-
citing industry among the inhabitants of Africa."
This is precisely the language employed by those who

are now agitating the country in favour of the African
Colonization Society. The African Institution sought
to extinguish slavery by means exactly similar to those
now so strenuously advocated by Sir T. F. Buxton.
These means are thus concisely stated in the resolu-
tions just adopted by the Liverpool Anti-Slavery
Society—

" 1. To collect and diffuse throughout the country accur-
ate information respecting the natural productions of Africa,
and in general respecting the agricultural and commercial ca-
pacities of the African continent, and the intellectual, moral,
and temporal condition of its inhabitants.
" 2. To promote the instruction of the Africans in letters
and in useful knowledge, and to cultivate a friendly con-
nexion with the natives of that continent.

" 3 To endeavour to enlighten the minds of the Africans
with respect to their true interests ; and to diffuse informa-
tion amongst them respecting the means whereby they may
improve the present opportunity of substituting a beneficial
commerce in place of the slave trade.

" 4. To introduce among them such of the improvements
and useful arts of Europe as are suited to their condition.
" 5. To promote the cultivation of the African soil, not
only by exciting and directing the industry of the natives, but
by furnishing, when it may appear advantageous to do so,
useful seeds, plants, and implements of husbandry.
" 6. To introduce amongst the inhabitants beneficial medi-
cal discoveries.

" 7. To obtain a knowledge of the principal languages of
Africa, and, as has been already found to be practicable, to
reduce them to writing, with a view to facilitate the diffusion
of information among the natives of that country.
" 8. To employ suitable agents, and to establish corre-
spondences, as shall appear advisable ; and to encourage and
reward individual enterprise and exertion in promoting any
of the purposes of the institution."

Now, it is perfectly notorious that these plans have
utterly failed. Notwithstanding the energy, the zeal,
and the perseverance displayed by the benevolent foun-
ders of the institution ; notwithstanding the labour and
expense which its directors incurred; they were
obliged to arrive at the conclusion which is emphati-
cally announced in the following words, at the end of
their last report. "It is in slavery that the slave trade
has its origin ; it is the market provided by the slave-
holder which furnishes the direct incentive to all the
crimes of a trade in slaves, to the murders and confla-
grations which attend their capture, to the condensed
horrors of the middle passage which follows it, and to
the misery and desolation of a continent."
After a confession so explicit as that which is made
in the extract which we have just quoted, we may well
be excused for expressing our astonishment that any
body of men could be found so incapable of profiting
by past experience as to rush blindfold into the adop-
tion of the same delusive scheme. Yet such men, it
appears, are to be found; and we rejoice that the Liver-
pool Anti-Slavery Society has stepped forwards to ex-
pose the futility of such a scheme. In doing so the
members of the committee have best consulted the
interests of the Negroes themselves. They could not
have conferred a greater favour upon the degraded
inhabitants of Africa than that of preventing their best
friends in Great Britain from wasting their energies
upon plans which must eventually prove abortive
and injurious, to the neglect of other and practi-
cable means for the extinction of the slave trade.

As we are anxious to avoid the charge of misrepre-
senting the objects of the society which has been re-
cently formed for the extinction of the slave trade, we
shall, on the present and future occasions, entei at
length into the plans and operations of the society, in-
troducing such suggestions as we may deem calculated
to facilitate the final overthrow of the infamous traffic
in human flesh.
Sir T. F. Buxton declares that the deliverance of
Africa is to be sought "in calling out her own re-
sources." This principle he, of course, 'renders sub-
servient to Christianity, which must alone be considered
as the grand panacea for the cure of the multiplied
wrongs and sufferings of the benighted children of
Africa. In carrying out this principle, upon which his
scheme is chiefly based, Sir T. F. Buxton suggests
that government should render all the assistance in its
power, by enforcing all the existing treaties for the sup-
pression of the slave trade; by obtaining other and
more efficient treaties, with native chiefs as well as with
European and other powers; and by "promoting the
legitimate efforts of private individuals engaged in the
same object."
In furtherance of these efforts of the government
Sir T. F. Buxton proposes that the more important of
his plans, viz., the civilization of Africa, shall be car-
ried into effect by means of two societies—a benevolent
society, to watch over the interests of the Africans,
and a trading company, to cultivate portions of the
soil, of Africa, and to instruct the natives in the art of
civilization.

The recently formed society for the suppression of
the slave trade, adopting the former part of Sir 'F. F.
Buxton's scheme, proposes to accomplish the following
objects :

" 1. To make the Africans acquainted with the inexhaust-
ible riches of their own soil, and sedulously to direct their at-
tention to its cultivation on a system of free labour. To con-
vince them, moreover, of the immeasurable superiority of
agriculture and innocent commerce, even in point of profit,
over the slave trade, which excludes them.

" 2. To instruct the natives in agriculture and practical
science; to cultivate small portions of land as models for
their imitation► ; distribute agricultural implements, seeds,
plants, &c. ; introduce local and other improvements ; and
suggest and facilitate the means of beneficially exchanging
the produce of Africa for the manufactures of Europe.
" 3. To examine the principal languages of Africa, and re-
duce them, where advisable, to a written form.
" 4. To investigate the diseases, climate, and local pecu-
liarities of Africa, for the benefit as well of natives as of
foreign residents and travellers ; to send out medicines and
practitioners, and thus to separate the practice of medicine
from the horrid superstitions now connected with it.
" 5. To co-operate by every means in its power with the
Government expedition to the Niger; to report its progress,
assist its operations, circulate the valuable information it may
communicate; and, generally, to keep alive the interest of
Great Britain in the suppression of the slave-trade and the
welfare of Africa."

Here we have the African Institution revived in al-
most all the details of its machinery, and with a cer-
tain prospect of meeting with the same fate—utter
failure in the accomplishment of its designs.
The Liverpool Anti-Slavery Society express their
strong dissent from the plans thus propounded. The
grounds of their dissent are the following :—That all
treaties with civilized powers, and still more with the
native Africans, are of doubtful utility—that they are
likely to be evaded whenever self-interest and cupidity
render it desirable—that the enormous profits realised
in the slave trade must render nugatory all means for
its extinction short of the destruction of slavery itself
—that, while it is conceded that the introduction of
Christianity is the only means of paving the way for
the civilization of the Africans, the Society, while it
can do nothing directly in aid of this design, may be a
serious hindrance to the preaching of the gospel—and
that the measures proposed must eventually prove
abortive.

Such are the grounds which have caused the Liver-
pool Anti-Slavery Society to withhold their co-opera-
tion from the African Colonization Society. The
publication of the resolutions which the former have
put forth will prove a " serious blow" and " a great
discouragement" to the agitation of Sir T. F. Buxton
and his colonizing clique.

We are extremely sorry to find so respectable a jour-
nal as the Manchester Courier lending itself to an at-
tack upon a society which has been the means of ef-
fecting incalculable good in various parts of the king-
dom, and which is destined, we firmly believe, under
the divine blessing, to be one of the most valuable
auxiliaries to the Church of England that has ever
been called into existence--we mean the Pastoral Aid
Society. At the present time, when the enemies of
the church, whether Papists, Infidels, Unitarians, or
Political Dissenters, have entered into a confederacy to
accomplish her destruction, our excellent conservative
contemporary might surely have found a fitter object
of attack than a society which has contributed so
largely towards bringing into the fold of the Church
those who have strayed from it into the devious paths
of heresy, schism, and infidelity. The Courier may
rest satisfied that without the exertions of that party in
the Church, if party it may be called, under whose
auspices the Pastoral Aid Society has been established,
the Church of England would have long since sunk

into utter insignificance, and the tyranny of dissent
would have raised its revolutionary standard on the
ruins of our national Zion. To the zeal, energ3
self-denying perseverance of the supporters of the Pas-
toral Aid Society do we, under Providence, owe the
multiplication of our churches and church-building
societies, and the increasing numbers who attend the
services of the Church. If the editor of the Courier
had perused the reports of the Pastoral Aid Society,
and been made acquainted with its multifarious opera-
tions, he would never have ventured to pronounce its
pretensions " unfounded," and to accuse it of arro-
gance and assumption in denominating itself a "Church
Society." We fear that our contemporary has been

grossly imposed upon by some Puseyite or semi-Popish
divine, to whose representations lie has too implicitly
listened, or else we should not have to complain of his
ungenerous attack upon so truly a " Church of Eng-
land" society as the one in question. We have reason
to fear that the Jesuits (see their oath in another co-
lumn) have been finding their way into the universities
and pulpits of the Established Church.

The auspicious event which we have to announce to
our readers in our present publication, that of the birth
of a Princess Royal, has given rise to the most lively
feelings of joy and gratitude in every part of the king-
dom. The most hearty prayers are offered up by every
loyal subject for the safety of the illustrious mother and
her daughter. Another link has been supplied in the
chain of the succession to the throne of these realms,
and fresh emotions of grateful attachment are inspired
by the event. Long may the royal House of Bruns-
wick continue to sway, in peace and prosperity, the
sceptre of Great Britain.

We do not know as yet what general expression of
the public joy may be adopted, on this occasion, in the
good old town of Liverpool. We trust that, whatever
form of rejoicing may be adopted, our townsmen will
not be behind the inhabitants of the metropolis in
attesting their satisfaction at the birth of the Princess
Royal, and their gratitude for the mercies vouchsafed
to our now matron Queen.
The birth of the Princess Royal was celebrated in
Liverpool by the unfurling of the royal standard on the
town-hall, and by the display of numerous flags on the
churches and the principal buildings, as well as from
the windows of many tradesmen. Prayers of thanks-
giving, during the forenoon service on Sunday, were
offered up in several places of worship, and the bells of
the various churches have rung incessantly. Yester-
day the cannons at the workhouse were frequently
fired, and the children were paraded in front of the
building, singing as they proceeded, the national an-
them " God save the Queen," amidst the huzzas of
the multitudes who crowded around them.

Our contemporary of the Mercury, we did hope,
would not have bestowed upon us any further notice.
Our little escapades were, we thought, to be unheeded.
We were not of sufficient respectability to figure any
longer in her most respectable columns; and for the
future our talents and our wit were, to be allowed to
rust neglected and unopposed by the only antagonist
worthy of our stab.
Cruel—alas !—was our miscalculation. Not a co-
lumn of the last publication of our offended friend is
free from some little ebullition of spleen towards us.
The venerable spinster, notwithstanding her protesta-
tions, notwithstanding her avowed contempt for us—is
afflicted with a sort of STANDA.RD monomania ; and
our very name seems to bring upon her an hysterical
affection, which we are confident must be seriously
prejudicial to her frail and feeble health. Our poetical
corner even is not safe from her attacks. A short
copy of verses, addressed by some poetical contribu-
tor to the Rev. Hugh Stowell, has furnished her with
a theme for a column of twaddle ; and we presume that
a sonnet, addresed to the respectable old lady whose
labours provide us with clean linen, would be honoured
by a similar notice—so miserably off our contemporary
appears to be for a peg upon which to hang her sense-
less ravings. But we have not room or time for a
more serious notice of her rhodomontade.

LOCAL NEWS,

The Lord Bishop of Chester will hold his next ordination,
on Sunday, the 13th December. The examination will com.
mence on the preceding Wednesday.—Ecclesiastical Gazette.

The Earl of Derby is surrounded by a family circle at
Knowsley Park, consisting of Lord and Lady Stanley and
family, Hon. Mr. and Mrs. Stanley, Colonel Hornby, &c.
Mr. Edward Pickering, of this town, and recently a pupil
of the Royal Institution School, has been elected scholar of
Brasenose College, Oxford.

On the 12th ult. Mr. Edward Parker, surgeon, North
Dispensary, Liverpool, late pupil to Patrick Brown, Esq.,
Whitchurch, was admitted' Licentiate of the 'Worshipful
Company of Apothecaries, in London.
CAUTION. —A few days ago, Mr. Reay, of Bold-street, en-
gaged a maid-servant, who entered upon her duties, and per-
formed them with exemplary diligence for twenty-four hours.
On the second morning, however, it was found she had de-
camped before the family were up, carrying off with her prc-
perty to the amount of several pounds. The police have not
yet succeeded in discovering her retreat.
MONEY LETTERS.—In consequence of the numerous let-
ters containing money which have lately been stolen in pass-
ing through the post-office, it has been resolved by the post-
office authorities to have a register for such letters ; and per-
sons sending remittances, who do not wish to make use of a
money order, may, on payment of a certain fee, have their
letters enclosing money entered in the register, by which
means it will be almost impossible to secrete a letter without
immediate detection.

THE BRINDLE WILL CAUSE.—Yesterday week was the
day fixed for the argument before Lord Abinger, in the Ex-
chequer Chamber, on the demurrers entered by the defend
ants in a bill of discovery, filed in the High Court of Chan-
cery by the heiresses of the late Wm. Heatley, Esq. Previ-
ously to the case being called on, the demurrers were with-
drawn. We understand that Mr. Cresswell has been re-
tained by the plaintiffs for the trial, which is to take place at
the next Assizes, when the validity of the will is to be con-
tested.—Preston Chronicle.
GREAT WATCH AND JEWELLERY ROBBERY DETECTED.
—On Wednesday morning last, about two o'clock, as one of
the policemen was walking down Old Mitigate Manchester,
he saw a light suddenly struck up, which proved to be in the
watch and jewellery shop of Mr. H. Barlow. It was deemed
prudent, even when assistance was obtained, to wait the ar-
rival of Mr. Barlow (the shop being a lock-up one). On en-
tering the premises, the villain was discovered in the water-
closet with two bundles, containing every watch that was in
the shop, besides a quantity of jewellery, &c. The thief is
committed to the sessions._ . _

vv
ACCIDENT NEAR TIIE GEORGE'S DOCK--Many of our
readers will remember a very tragical occurrence which took
place some years ago, on the line of warehouses opposite
the north gates of the George's Dock, which termina-
ted in the instantaneous death of a highly respectable Liver-
pool merchant, who happened to be passing at the time, and
who was killed by the falling of a hogshead of sugar. On
Wednesday last, a gentleman passing near the same ware-
house was injured by the falling of the jigger rope. It struck
him on the face, which was much disfigured in consequence.
We hope to see some bye-laws passed in the council, to pro-
tect the lives of passengers. The subject is one of deep inte-
rest to every individual in the town.

COLLISION BETWEEN THE SYLPHIDE AND THE ENG-
LAND.—CASE OF SALVAGE.—On Friday an application was
made to Mr. Rushton, Sir J. Walmsley, and Mr. Booth, (a
magistrate,) at the Police-court, for an award for salvage of
the hull and cargo of the Sylphide, claimed by the Steam Tug
Company from the owners and Underwriters.—Mr. P.
Wright appeared for the claimants, and Mr. Collier for the
owners and Underwriters. The statement of Mr. Wright,
of which the following is the substance, embodies all the
particulars :—On the 28th of May of the present year, as a
vessel called the Sylphide was proceeding to sea, she came in
contact with the ship England, and in consequence sunk in
the Fairway Channel about n miles from the Bell Beacon.
She there remained for several days without any attempt
being made to raise her. On the 2d of June a vessel called
the Clydesdale struck upon the Sylphide, and sustained con-
siderable damage; and on the 3d of June she put back to
port, and had be repaired. These facts being communi-
cated to the agents' for Lloyd's, Messrs. Chapman and
Willis, Mr. Chapman applied to Mr. Arthur, manager of
the Steam Tug Company, requesting him to send some boats
to look after the stranded vessel. The company declined to
do so without a written authority. Messrs. Chapman and
Willis then wrote to Mr. Arthur, requesting he would send
down a boat to watch the vessel, and, when the wind mode-
rated, to sling her at low water, and bring her up. He added,
that they should have not less than one-third for salvage if
they succeeded in bringing her into port. Mr. Arthur de-
murred, as he did not know the value that might be recovered ;
and Mr. Chapman wrote to him stating that he should have
one-third of the proceeds, and if that were not considered
sufficient, that the amount should be decided by arbitration.
In consequence of that letter Mr. Arthur sent out two boats,
the President and the Druid, to search for the wreck that
day, and on the following morning they found her on the
spot stated, and sunk in about 81 fathoms of water. After
considerable exertions, spread over five days, they succeeded
with four steam boats in weighing the vessel, and bringing
her to the port. The cargo was discharged and sold, and the
nett proceeds amounted to £Bll ss. Bd. The vessel being a
foreign bottom was sold as wreck, and the nett proceeds were
£l7O ll s. 9d., making in all £9Bl 17s. sd. The expense
incurred by the Steam Tug Company was upwards of £5OO,
for which they claimed to be paid ; but, in consideration of
the circumstances, they were willing to take one-half of the
whole nett proceeds, and that an award should be given before
three magistrates. Then came the question of the jurisdic-
tion of the magistrates in this case. He (Mr. W.) submitted
that they had such jurisdiction under the Ist and 2d George
IV. c 75, s B.—Mr. Collier, who appeared for the owners of
the wreck, quoted an opinion of Mr. Tomlinson, barrister,
in favour of the jurisdiction of the magistrates.—Mr. North,
who appeared for the owners of the England, objected to
their jurisdiction ; and the magistrates decided that they had
not.—Mr, Rushton expressed his respect for Mr. Tomlinson,
but considering that he had not made out their right clearly,
and that in Isis (Mr. R.'s) own opinion the section did not
allow them to become arbitrators, which the application im-
plied. He was willing to give the act the widest considera-
tion, but he could come to no other conclusion. He con-
sidered it wrong in magistrates adjudicating in cases in which
they had no definite jurisdiction, as their decision would be
invalidated in a higher court. He thought a reference would
meet the case, and would, he trusted, satisfy both parties.—
Mr. Wright stated that the Steam Tug Company had appeared
there at the request of Mr. Collier ; that they had offered to
refer the matter to any two or three merchants, and that they
were still willing to do so.—The parties then left the court.

A 34 PHITHE ATRE.—The performances continue very attrac•
hive, a change will be seen in the entertainments this week
We recommend a visit to this theatre ; we are confident that
ill be afforded.

.mple amusement

NEW SON(

—On reference to our advertising columns,
:wo new songs, composed by Mr. George Hargreaves, will be
'ound as having just made their appearance. That entitled
It is a short and simple prayer;" the words by Miss Mary
Anne Browne, is an exquisite composition. We shall give
the words of the other in our ncxt.—See Add
LIVER THEATRI

—At the late hour at which the per-
mnance terminated, we are unable to give any notice of this
theatre as we intended, suffice it to say the house was crammed
to excess, and the new pieces went off with great applause.
The farce of Charles O'Malley will be a treat—it is a spirited
piece—full of points. Raymond's O'Malley is very clever—
his Miss Judy Maccan " bangs Banagher" hollow.

LABLACHE'S VOICE EXCELLED.—The power and com-
pass of Lablache's voice are well known ; by many they have
been pronounced unrivalled. We are enabled to state, how-
ever, that there is a young gentleman in Liverpool, who has
a basso not only equal in volume to that of Lablache, but
with the extraordinary power of producing a note a third
lower than the lowest of it gran maestro di voce. The
gentleman, we believe, is about to proceed to the continent
to complete his musical education.

MARINERS' CHURCH READING. Room.—Not many of
our readers are, in all probability, aware of the existence of
the room which is set apart for the mental improvement of
our seafaring population, situate at the south end of George's
Dock. We perceive from an advertisement that a master
has been appointed by the committee, for the instruction of

apprentices and others in navigation ; and we assure our
merchants, that in supporting this institution they will ma-
terially advance their own interests. We need say no more
to prove the right direction of the committee's efforts, than
that the Rev. W. Maynard is president.
" A PERFORMER."—A thick-set man named James Pow-
ell, was charged, at the police-office, with having assaulted
one of the officers, and torn his clothes without provocation.
He was drunk at the time. On being asked what he was, he
replied, " a performer." This required some explanation,
and he stated that he kept a caravan. Mr. Rushton said these
shows were a great nuisance, and ordered him to pay a fine of
20s for assaulting the officer, and one shilling for the damage,
—intimating that if he were brought there again, he should be
dealt with more severely, and his caravan be looked after.
ASSAULT.—At the Police Court, on Friday, a dashingly-
dressed young man, named Silvester Leamey, was placed at
the bar, charged with a violent and unprovoked assault on a
young gentleman named Ellinson. The complainant said
that on Wednesday night he was on his way from his house
in Mount-pleasant to Church-street, and had got as far as
Ranelagh-place, when he saw the prisoner and another
young man, who employed very gross language towards him.
Ile remonstrated with them on such ungentlemanly conduct,
when the prisoner made an attempt to strike him. In par-
rying the blow he believed he might have touched the pri-
soner, but is not certain. Being in weak health, he went on,
but was followed to the top of Great Charlotte-street by the
prisoner, who repeatedly struck him—once while his back
was turned, and finally loosened several of his teeth and
knocked him down. A gentleman, (Mr. Hastings,) who
witnessed the assault, came up and took hold of the prisoner.
Mr. Hastings said that the prisoner was not struck at all by
the complainant. The defence set up :was, that the com-
plainant struck the first blow. This, however, entirely
failed. Mr. Rushton severely commented on the ungentle-
manly conduct of the prisoner, and ordered him to pay a
fine of £5, or be imprisoned two months.
CAUTION TO PUBLICANS.—At the police-court on Friday,
several publicans appeared to answer charges against them of
promoting drunkenness in their houses. Joseph Simpson, of
Jordan-street, was first called. The officer stated that, hear-
ing a noise in the defendant's house, they entered, and found
in a large room from sixty to eighty people, twenty of whom,
at the least, were drunk, and some of them fighting. The
defendant called several witnesses, but failed to rebut the
charge. He was fined 40s. and costs (4s. 6d.)—Richd. Ithell,
of Pownall-street, was next complained of, as having on Sun-
day morning, had in his house seven men and a woman, of
whom several were drunk and noisy. He was also fined 40s.
and costs.—Mr. Rushton remarking that the drunkenness of
Sunday mornings was a great annoyance to the respectable
community, and he should do his utmost to put it down.—
Michael Doyle, Standish-street, was charged with having, on
Sunday evening, entertained twelve men and three women, of
whom four were drunk. The charge was made out, and, as
it appeared, that the defendant had twice before been con-
victed of a similar offence,—namely, on the 7th and on the
28th of August last, his case was adjourned, to be dealt with
at the next general meeting of the licensing magistrates, on
the Ist of January next. If then convicted, the fine would
be £so.—Peter Tickle, Church-lane, was complained of as
having on the 12th instant had in his house seven men and
an abandoned woman. Six of the men were drunk. He was
fined 40s. and costs. Joseph Middleton, Canning-place, was
charged with having entertained four men and eight prosti-
tutes, and the case being proved was fined 40s. and costs.
PRESENTATION OF A PIECE OF PLATE TO MR. JOAN
CLIFFORD ETCHES.—On Friday, about fifty friends of Mr.
Etches, consisting principally of butchers and cattle salesmen,
dined at the Durham Ox Inn, Brownlow-hill, for the pur-
pose of presenting that gentleman with a piece of plate, value
about one hundred guineas, subscribed for by that body as a
testimonial of their esteem for the many valuable services he
has rendered the trade. The chair was taken by Mr. Joseph
Chaddock, and Mr. Daly occupied the vice-chair, Mr. Hol-
den being in attendance with his glee singers. After the
usual loyal toasts, Mr. Wm. Turner, of Lord-street, rose to
propose the health of Mr. Etches, which he did in a very neat
and appropriate speech, dilating upon the straightforward,
honest, industrious, and philanthropic course pursued by him
for upwards of the twenty years he has been in business in
this town, and the prominent part he took in establishing the
Cattle Market in the London-road, upon its removal from
Kirkdale ; also his superior talents displayed in the erection
of the buildings and formation of the Abbatoir Company, and
regretting the loss of. Mr. Etches from Liverpool, that gen-
tleman retiring to an estate in Derbyshire, of which county
he is a native ; which was responded to by Mr. Etches in a
manner interesting and affecting to all present. The plate,
which had been exhibited at Messrs. Jones's, in Castle-street,
bore the following inscription :—" Presented to John Clifford
Etches, by the cattle salesmen and butchers of Liverpool, as
a memorial of their esteem, and grateful acknowledgment for
the many valuable services rendered the trade."

INQUEST.—An inquest was held before John Heyes, Esq.,
coroner, on Wednesday last, at Billinge, on the body of a
collier, named Thomas Ashcroft, who was about 56 years of
age. On Friday, the 6th instant, the deceased and another
man working in the same pit with him were about going up,
and gave the usual signal of coming up ' • the deceased got
into the tub, and immediately a call from his son, who was
the banksman, reached him of " Ware out," the usual inti-
mation to the men below to get out of ti e way when anything
has accidentally fallen down. The deceased, however, had
been drawn a little from the bottom, and before he could get
out of the way an empty tub fell upon him, and knocked him
from the tub in which he was going to ascend. From the
evidence of the deceased's son, it appeared that he had
hooked an empty tub, and placed another empty one on the
barrow in the usual way, when he heard the signal coming
up • he communicated with the engineer, who had to give a
back stroke to the engine, which hoisted the empty tub a
little way up, and before the banksman could take away the
barrow the tub descended, and caught the edge of the one on
the barrow, and knocked it down. The deceased was taken
home, and was attended, but, after lingering until Monday,
the 16th instant, he died from the injuries received. A ver-
dict of accidental death was returned. The other man who
intended to go up the pit with deceased would, in all pro-
bability, have shared the same fate, had he not turned back
for his jacket, and before he returned the accident occurred.
DEFRAUDING OF THE LIVERPOOL AGRICULTURAL
SOCIETY.—On Wednesday, Thomas Plumbe, sawyer, of
Great Budworth, appeared before the magistrates, to answer
the charge of obtaining the sum of £5, under false pretences,
from the officers of the Liverpool Agricultural Society. The
facts of the case have already appeared before the public, in
the report of the previous hearing, which took place about a
fortnight ago. Mr. Ledger, the secretary, repeated his pre-
vious charge, viz., that the defendant had received a premium
of £5 for a bull, when not entitled to the same, he not being
a person solely dependant upon agriculture, and not having
had the bull for six months previous to the cattle show in his
possession. Mr. Green, the treasurer of the society proved
the payment of the £5 to Mr. Plumbe. A cert ficate, signed
by Mr. John Highfield, of Seven Oaks, alleging that Mr.
Plumbe was dependant upon agriculture, and that the bull had
been six months in his possession, was also put in as evi-
dence. Mr. Highfield was examined as a witness and pro-
duced a paper purporting to be a memorandum for the sale
of the bull for £2O to the defendant on the 23d of March
last. On further examination, he admitted that he did not
receive the money for some days afterwards; that the bull
was not delivered until the 6th of April, when his man stood
with the bull in Budworth fair ; that he had sent clover hay
as provender for the bull while at Mr. Plumbe's, (which he
had been'aid for) ; and that Mr. Plumbe was a sawyer, oc-
cupying a cottage and five Cheshire acres of land at Bud-
worth, for whic he paid 4:2-1 a year. Mr. Forrest, of
Stretton, was called for the defence, for the purpose of prov-
ing that Mr. Plumbe received the money from Mr. Green,
before he saw Mr. Ledger, at Lucas's repository. The ma-
gistrates expressed their opinion of the defendant's conduct
in very strong language, and intimated that they should hold
him to bail at the sessions to answer the charge, unless be
chose to settle the matter by returning the premium and the
costs incurred. This arrangement was agreed to, on Mr.
Ledger expressing himself satisfied. The money was paid,
and the parties left the court.—Manchester Courier.
THE NEW CHURCH OF ST. MARY, RAWTENSTALL.—
On Wednesday last the Rev. Hugh M'Neille, with his cha-
racteristic readiness to " spend and be spent" in the cause
of the Church of England, preached in the above place, to
a respectable congregation, amongst which were many of
neighbouring clergy, to aid a collection for defraying the cur-
rent expenses. The reverend gentleman founded an eloquent
discourse, which will be long remembered by those who
heard him, upon the 9th chapter of Hebrews, and 27th and
28th verses ; after which the handsome sum of £34 within a
fraction was collected. The interesting position of the church
in this place deserves a brief notice. Rawtenstall is a village
situated about 17 miles from Manchester, on the road to
Colne. Several factories have been established in its neigh-
bourhood, the largest of which is one for coarse woollens,
belonging to Messrs. Hoyle, Ashworth and Co., and there
is, in consequence, a considerable population ; but whilst the
dissenters have long had a place of worship here, the mem-
bers of our national establishment were as a flock without a
fold and without a shepherd, until within the last two years,
when the present edifice opened its portals to them. Besides
the church, a handsome school and parsonage, all of stone,
have been erected, the land for the whole having been given
by Henry Hoyle, Esq., of the firm already mentioned, who,
With his partners, subscribed very largely towards the build-
ings, and on them devolves a considerable part of the burden
of maintaining them. The church will hold nearly 800 peo-
ple, and through the exertions of the worthy incumbent, the
Rev. Mr. Whitworth, the regular congregation is already
nearly 600. In the schools are nearly 250 scholars. In con-
cluding this notice, we would hold up the example of the
firm already alluded to to the imitation of the master manu-
facturers of this kingdom, and say, in the expressive language
of scripture, Go and do thou likewise."
COMMITMENT.—At the Police-court, yesterday, a female
named Mary Kelly was plated at the bar, on a charge of
having stolen a quantity of wearing apparel from the house
of her master. A police-officer stated, that at as early hour
on Sunday morning he saw the prisoner going along with a
bundle of clothes, and having a suspicion that they were not
honestly come by, he took her to bridewell. She there stated
that if an officer were sent with her to Scotland-road, oppo-
site the Catholic Chapel, her story that they were her own
would be confirmed. The officer accordingly accompanied
her, and having learned that she was a decent young woman,
he went back with her to the bridewell, the bundle was re-
turned to her, and she was liberated. On the afternoon of
the same day, however, intelligence was received that the
things had been stolen, and she was again taken into cus-
tody, from a cellar in Limekiln-lane.—Wm. Gunn, shoe-
maker, of No. 11, Marybone, said that the prisoner had
been in his service for about five weeks. He had reason to
believe that at her last place, and while with him (up to the
present time), she had been perfectly honest. When the
family retired to rest on Saturday night, at twelve o'clock,
she was left in the kitchen ; and in the morning it was found
that she had gone, and that the things were missing. They
consisted of two dresses, a mantle, two shawls, a shirt, an
umbrella, and other articles.—The prisoner, on being asked,
with the usual caution, what she had to say, replied, that
she was tired of her life, and did not care what became of
her; and that she had stood great risks in the service of the
complainant, whose wife she had attended while she had a
fever, and his child when in the smallpox.—Mr. Rushton,
in committing her for trial at the sessions, said that person
in the gaol would give her some wholesome advice
