" Abolition of white slavery.

Failsworth Radical Association.LflTyrants' chains
can only sting where slaves submit to wear them. The
people are determined to be ft ee."
Green flag.—" Freemen we'll live, or freemen we'll die."
" The people's charter, and no surrender."
Heywood Democratic Association.—Flags, " Woe unto him
that oppresses the poor." " Down with the Bastiles."
" Stephens for ever."
Tonge Political Association.—Flag, " Let us be united in
brotherly love, our rights and liberties to gain."
Other minor bodies from villages or hamlets followed,
many of them not numbering above twenty or thirty indivi-
duals each. It is difficult to estimate with accuracy the num-
ber of those present ; but it was generally thought that the
whole of the chartist audience did not exceed six or seven
thousand, and that the remainder of those on the ground in-
cluding children, stragglers, ,and others who were not within
earshot of the speakers, might be (as before intimated) from
twelve to fifteen thousand.

For, the accommodation of the principle actors in the poli-
tical drama of the day, a stage was erected on two waggons,
within the circle of the race course, and in the hollow or
dimple nearly opposite the furthest booth from the grand
stand. The speakers faced the Manchester road, and the site
was well chosen as regarded the auditory, who covered the
hollow in front and the rising ground that bounds it on each
side. A shilling was required from our reporter as admission
money to the hustings, which having paid, he took his seat
at a temporary table formed of planks, and at which ten to a
dozen purveyors for the broad sheet had already taken their
seats, book and pencil in hand. The several associations
for the most part walked round the stage, with music playing
and colours flying, and finally mingled en masse in front of
the speakers—the flags being borne in the outskirts of the
assembled throng, and on the heights on either side, whence,
fluttering in the breeze, they presented a rather gay appear-
ance. The character of the meeting was by no means so
formidable in number or materials as some had anticipated.
That portion of it which would fairly lay claim to the title of
chartists, comprised almost exclusively, the poorest of the
working classes of the manufacturing classes ; and we regretted
to observe, from the faded attire and haggard looks of many
of them, that the present deficiency of employment and the
high price of provisions, were making physical inroads
amongst them, and that "sharp musing had worn to the
bone' many of these deluded men, whose condition is truly
to be deplored, and whom we should rejoice to see meeting
together in a better and more profitable cause. •
Not a single red coat was to be seen on the ground, if we
except the trumpeter on the stage, who blew his horn to
obtain silence ere the respective speakers addressed the mul-
titude ; nor did we observe any considerable number of the
police force, who might possibly have attended in plain
cloth. The several associations having arrived, shortly
after eleven o'clock,
Mr. G. H. SMITH, of Hulme, presented himself, and in a
few words moved that Dr. Fletcher of Bury, should take
the chair. The motion was seconded, and was carried amidst
much cheering.

The CHAIRMAN then mounted a form, and addressed the
assemblage as follows :—Men of South Lancashire,—l will
not exppress my regret that, on this occasion, you have not
a person of high rank and station in society, or greater talent,
to preside over you ; for, however humble may be my station,
however inferior my talents, I will yield to no man in that
determined, unflinching, and persevering adherence to our
good cause, which constitutes my best and surest claim to
your esteem and support. (Cheers.) But I could have wished
that some person more capable of managing and conducting
public meetings, should have been called upon to preside at
this great, most glorious, and most triumphant demonstra-
tion of their zeal, energy, and self-denial. (Cheers.) Glori-
ous and triumphant it assuredly is, when it is recolleted that
the meeting is called at a period most unfavourable for such
a purpose,—a holiday especially set apart in this hard-work-
ing, toiling district, for recreation ; and it is especially tri-
umphant and satisfactory when we reflect that those present
have actually kept away from their favourite amusement, in
order to appear here this day, and thus demonstrate their de-
termination to commence success in the cause which they had
espoused. (Cheers.) This furnished, at once, a sufficient
reply to those who asserted that the people met together on
such occasions by the mere impulse of idle curiosity. It has
been determined by the committee that the several speakers
should be confined to a short space of time, as we are here
assembled on sufferance, it being necessary that by two o'clock
we should give up this ground, so that the races of the day
may
.commence. It would, therefore, be improper in me,
whose duty it is to enforce this regulation, to violate it my-
self ; nor was it necessary to trench upon it. The fact is we
have come here not merely to talk, but to show ourselves.
(Applause.) And we have shown ourselves in such numbers,
and have manifested such well-tempered zeal, and such good
order, as will at once defeat the hopes of those who vainly
imagined that you would be led into such acts of madness,
and premature violence, as would furnish your enemies with
a pretext to justify the interference of the civil and military
force, and thus defeat your onward and constitutional move-
ment. I will not, therefore, occupy your attention further than
to read some propositions, which it has been determined by the
national convention should be this day submitted to the meet-
ing. It has been urged by some that it was improper to discuss
ulterior measures at the present time : it was thought that
they ought to wait until the rejection of the national petition
and the bill to be founded upon it; and it would have been
well to have waited that result, had not circumstances arisen,
which have prevented the presentation of the petition before
the occurrence of these simultaneous meetings which had
previously been determined upon. But if we needed an
apology for proceeding onward, in the course we propose, we
have it in the fact that Lord J. Russell has actually arrayed
one class of, the community against another ; that he has
called on the wealthier classes to accept of arms from the
government for the preventing the working classes from
meeting, and taking steps for the securement of their rights.
(Cries of hear, and " they never shall.") lam aware that
some of you in the associations have determined to apply to
him, as home secretary, for arms for the maintenance of the
peace and the constitution. And I would advise you, if you
do apply, to do so in a legal manner. Ido not think it right
that associations as such should be armed. You would not
like that a tory or a whig association
,should be armed, nor
would I like to see an armed radical association. But do
you, each of you, determine to call a public meeting of the
inhabitants of your respective towns, to form an association
such as that which Lord J. Russell has requested all orderly,
peaceable, and well-disposed people to do ; for if you do not,
you will tacitly admit that you are not of that orderly class.
Each and all of you should put down your names, and call
upon the government to allow them arms, for the same for
which the wealthy classes have been invited to receive them
—the maintenance of peace ; and if arms be refused to them,
under these circumstances, so they must be also withheld
from others. (Cheers, and cries of We've got them now !")
Let them, in fine, show the stand they are determined to make
for obtaining their rights, and they would achieve them. To for-
ward that end, the national convention have preparedsome pro-
positions to be submitted for your consideration, the first of
which is, "Whether they will be prepared, at the request of the
Convention, to withdraw all sums of money they may indi-
vidually or collectively have placed in savings' banks, private
banks, or in the hands of any person hostile to their just
rights ?" " Whether, at the same request, they will be pre-
pared immediately to convert all their paper money into gold
and silver ?" (` We will.") Well, that will be sufficient
to achieve your liberty, if you carry it early into effect.
However small the sums you may have in the savings' banks
individually, you have thirteen millions in all throughout the
country ; and the abstraction of but one million from the
state funds, at the present crisis, will so crush the govern-
ment and the moneyed classes, that they will be compelled
to a restitution of the rights withheld from the people.
(Cheers.) The next proposition is—" Whether, if the Con-
vention shall determine that a sacred month will be neces-
sary to prepare the millions to secure the charter of their
political salvation, they will firmly resolve to abstain from
their labours during that period, as well as from the use of
all exciseable articles." This is the last and most efficient
means of achieving your liberty, should all others fail. The
Convention has made the call upon us, and we must respond
to it. The next proposition is—" Whether, according to the
old constitutional right—a right which modern legislators
would fain annihilate—they have prepared themselves with
the arms of freemen, to defend the laws and constitutional
privileges their ancestors bequeathed to them ?" Our legis-
lators would fain have denied this right ; but they have been
driven to admit it ; Lord John Russell has admitted it. I
don't consider him a very high authority, but he is on this
subject ; and he says you have a right to possess arms. The
next question is—" Whether they will provide themselves
with chartist candidates, so as to be prepared to propose them
for their representatives at the next general election ; and, if
returned by show of hands, such candidates to consider
themselves veritable representatives of the people—to meet
in London at a time hereafter to be determined on ?" I
know the chartist candidates who will present themselves
will be accepted by you. The next question to be proposed
is—" Whether they will resolve to deal exclusively with
chartists; and in all cases of prosecution rally around and
protect all those who may suffer in a righteous cause ?" The
men of South Lancashire understand this too, and have
practised it so long that they need no teaching. The next
point is—" Whether, by all and every means in their power,
they will perseveringly contend-for the great object of the
people's charter, and resolve that no counter agitation for a
less measure of justice shall divert them from their righteous
object ?" I need not ask the men of South Lancashire, who,
for fifty years, have never flinched from the contest in the
cause of radical reform, whether they are willing to take any
other, and less measure of justice. The next thing is—
" Whether the people will determine to obey all the just and
constitutional requests of the majority of the convention ?"

We, of the convention, have a right to expect this from you.
You have planted us in the post of danger, but our efforts
will be fruitless, our exertions powerless, unless you grant
to us a just and constitutional obedience. (Cheers.)
Mr. WALKER, a person from Ratcliffe, moved the first
resolution, of which the following is a copy :—" That it is
the opinion of this meeting, that the peace and prosperity of
this country can only be secured by her Majesty calling to
her council those men who are prepared to grant to the peo-
ple a full measure of reform, based on the principles of the
peoples charter." In supporting this, the speaker declared
that there never were two baser sets of men than the whigs
and tones ; that both of them, when in office, had grossly
mis-governed the country, but that they were now locked
fast, and there was no hope left but for the Queen to call the
chartists to her councils. They were the only men to keep
the vessel of state from sinking, and it was therefore the

duty of all men to support the national petition and the bill
inTselicenßndevin.
founded upon it.
elie
bye the Queen would see, and hear, and have,chq il?iberty
misery of the people ; liberty they must and
seconding the
eV.
resolution, JACKSON,
eaxnp
ressea expelled
hisM be stth
they should have by one means or another. (
then repeated almost the same observations as
tomes being
speaker, as to the necessity of both Whigs and torisee the
removed from official situations, in order to intro,'" siscli
chartists. He concluded by seconding the resolution, "
was then put and carried.real
Mr. O'CoNNoR then presented himself, aiM was becallte
with great cheering. He said he was there to-days, s; arid
the magistrates had said that that was an illegal ine.ein was
because the proclamation of the queen had said tfileSii it, hi.,
an unconstitutional meeting ; he was therefore the
.r„ents be
own person, as a barrister, to prove that, at all, et it sere
looked upon it as legal and constitutional ; anti courg.
Pa
tr.ehavevhatile.
neither, the numbers present would justify the posted
Cheertsi; lot
(Applause.) He was there, because he thong he
teieZ;rial
danger, when danger did present itself, should b oa.
by every man who had but a portion of leaven into theasetaent;
(Applause) Yesterday, that moor was a scene of am boihea
now, they were combining duty with amusement,
lot Oil
with pleasure. (Hear, hear.) For himself he had.
sate°.
to say on the present occasion ; and if he had,
his halth would allow -him to say ortse Or;
t
wou deerplain the positpion in which the stood. la lie
place, he asserted that the magistrates? caution was !sleet'
Why ? Because Lord John Russell had said that thSsS ,0 se
ings were legal ; and no danger could be apprehet tidedtist
public peace, because Lord John Russell had saal, Theo.
arms were purchased by the people. (APPlaunr Parli3)
either the royal proclamation was unconstitutiona , we;
ment were a set of vagabonds and cowards. (Alfre'sitofi
Why? bebause proclamations were not in thenr. tote. 41)
and should only be resorted to in the last extremi
in and strengthen the law, if it required strength.eitieai'a Odle
why, if any anticipation were entertained of sacass fee suis
case on the present occasion, did parliament adjolu'resenri
a length of time ? Surely, they could not have all at
any danger, or they would not have left their Pa' but p°
a time ; if they did apprehend it, they were noting_sio
troons and cowards for attempting to throw the.7,Abe
their young queen. (Applause.) The queen.
eheauuse
.5;
looked so interesting in his eyes as lately b thetion
was surrounded by two sets of the tones
baud's
and he had heard for a fact, that, while the tales we.iTsseds;
arrangements for getting the government into theit_sraste!
for he had always told them that if the whigs wered °brad tbtb),
tories were devils in hell—(loud applause)—ae
been in power now, the soldiers would not have the da;
barracks, but would have been marched out, undern read)
tion of some bloody general, who would have beetiotowall,
peaceable. (Hear, hear.) But they
give the word " Fire," whether the people ',verse tseales
(Applause.) The Queen had never received so' IA
in his eyes as now, for all the Hanoverian club lanse of Pei
might den' ses 01;
young Queen, and substitute a bloody
had been at work to know how they could disPe, in tier
place. (Applause.) If they had done' this, &AS t°ol
advised them to revolt ; it would have been their ditetioLet
volt against this faction, and in favour of the Oa`
and t
monarch. Poor thing, she had done no late; effe'jtis
always looked with great sympathy the faults , I
on ittea
especially of female youth ; and if she had conlin ;action's.
it was not her own, but that of the damnable 'riots
surrounded her. (Applause.) He stood in a cc, nlo*
tion before them ; for he had in his pocket at 68'0 to,R,
summons from the Queen's Bench, where he ws 00015,0
appeared yesterday, to answer to certain char .e e0111°;es
meanour. He had only received it at twenty-a' it fetedf
past nine last night ; and yet he was to answer tg 10
day, under a penalty of £lOO. (Applause ail serY,es
That might do very well for Irish law, ha it lisootinto
English law, or justice either. He said it out of abut altil°
to Lord Denman, who presided in that court ; no bet);
Hanoi.eer::oia oft
the writ required him to appear, " all other bus' stiao4,
laid aside," yet he looked upon this,
business as &sa i';,)
to any other he could undertake. (Applause.) ',steal
deavoured to raise this storm, and he would neveri heforeibit
quell it, till it had swept away all competition freau. f`licif
He had stood by them in evil report and in gnt'sieea
was the issue ? No human blood had ever Yeiss'ol,l nice'
banners ; while the rotten whigs, in 18329 ;11000f-pr
through a three months' siege without sheddin,,
,_(Loaf rite
ing cities, pulling down castles, and the like'--tsat csit.
plause.) Upon whose side was peace ? 09 illershe
chartists. Upon whose was war, injustice, a, gal foreebe,t
Upon those who would again resort to pbYss,essd.
would govern the country by powder and the,sv's-
applause.) But they were not going to I'l°ll te
nod ter
hour of danger ; and if the troops were orderei sieers:st
day, he should tell the chairman to dissolve the o''hs
save bloodshed ; and should recommend the Pers fur
to go home, and to meet in their respective to0171;0013 am
their leaders; take counsel as to what course theY.,,goi; tit
sue.—(Applause.)—He was yesterday at BirTsiloog is fee
came back last night, for fear he should sleep fee.
morning. He travelled with a ruffian of toe °San' elef
Nadin, who was formerly a deputy constable totrhst had
(1,03
and who out of the proceeds of stolen propertY par,
char
been returned to its owners, had made £2OO a fYtlie (t`:
now the occupier of a large farm. He spoke ni
and said that the military would be let loose —OO lil fl
day ; and he said he would go a hundred Itsalless searsf 10'
khneledesintohhisanhganFdeasrogumse OexTraocntnsofrrhorninisaelfp.—aiipesti,eeaire:ioireivittit,r.verros.'
John Edward Taylor, on the subject of the
and he found that he then held that the peeper
w „id?
in being armed, and going to public nieeta.u, tsurflpf
in their hands ; that they had a right to rirlhotes,e tierf
beenof un! universal suffragectcontradicted
b y
march in order at public meetings; that the 8 bad j 01:,
(Hear, etIV;
Edward Taylor had spoken language which si tile, pro
C •
onsention ever did ; because what they al, (aPP,fte,,
eainthderafnancutianln.parlia::thspearol)
oof ts:
while his statements were only meant to misleat" tit o"' eV.
He thanked God they had got rid of such 'acne:), th.tocoalo'
the Convention. No man was more tit to 0 de 0,0,A
than Dr. Fletcher ; and he could not fill a Pr°, detisee's
They wanted to get rid of those men who wel:-teel t"'Safrt
stop the movement just at that point which ai`,,aleilieli
purposes ; and as soon as they got the eausieh`e ea°,
It was not only necessary that they
hands of the hard-working men, they shoal(' , saris t
sboul"ns for ?it
they were looking for, but why they were 104t1 ,Stfitaol;
what use was to be made of it when they gat
after they had expended labour on the raw
factures, for which they only received ten s:inea'.„o Pie
employers sold the article for perhaps ten g„1-the
the masters were gambling upon the labour oissn ;
rejoiced to find that the trades were with tp`,".;t' 041
places it was not so, the shabby fellows had
the people,—in Newcastle, for instance. At. laltot
had been an attempt to get up a little divertiseettosiisal,;l
by-play, in the shape of a hole and corner rue aist,so,
had the honour of stating that he went there Vir
and that half of Oldham was now in the Ineenssaa,C°°'
them. (Applause.) He concluded with the foiof eh' g
—if the whole military was here, we, who ii:re h-eet,oo,; g
vention, would remain till the meeting was d'sie°,"
determined to remain here till I see the PeaP lose' '0)1
danger, and to be one of the last upon this Pe 00,3,0
danger thickens and presents itself, those of tlither,;j rile
will be ready to do their duty and stand .tog on' 'ot
may defy the world. Let any one disunite lied
mor franchiseefipny pert'reoe
dsu givese
rtnootewh;danl
have
industry
nonkdtdhut
oens
universal
mtoy ut a;
hrn
will be a prey in every succeeding faction• olesdos
question of household suffrage. So long as °wil Pr 4°s'
ea
osmaii
nwudf franchise,
rnasarnoigngcehhhi:
mitesoslseri,
nt
0.00
oe lkod liaGeot
og:
in t
hveo e r:061!.i
ort,,
(Loud cheers.) caber 'I
Mr, TIMOTHY HIGGINS, of Ashton,
to move the next resolution. He said, wed bilY °„qe /1.0 e
long cheated by thieves on the one hand, sasht t'se
no ris at '
on the other, into the notion that
wehave ti ^ee (+
that we have no right to possess the suffrage; or to;Shoi .;
no right to have anything, to hear anything, oao ir et's
thing, unless they think proper. —(Hear, hearp'te :041.0elie
The cloud is just now passing away from be, 01Psof0,1ai
and all the factions can do, with all their laic's of t''o(V,
tions, and military, will never alter the oEiniolognota4l,
as to their present position.—(Cheers.)-4 et. chewlt°4lolte 'Pet
had suffered themselves to be bamboosled, ooe 90b°00(
and denounced as traitors, so that it had bee Ile, 0
tomary to expect to find traitors in the canir'.totownli",,eo
however, that nothing in the shape of a 100,00 btii
was now to be found in the convention. %tidy
not think there were any traitors in the conc.-in, lad' eS,
if there were, they hadthe to do Cbv
not power . by, i4t)
cause all their proceedings were made pubbe•satolegs
the convention should become a legislative,a seep'
doubt they would, at some future period, ue socaiftV
assembly of this country, one man might bes°,o,.°„ be V
another a prime minister ; another a Chatsirel°olF
chequer, and perhaps Mr. Feargus O'Connor ~ 00; St
a Lord Chief Justice.—(Cheers.)—When
treated ;alio
rr
was then betre6rl,
sider the manner in which they had been treatoecliifoef it
and in all ages by a set of rascals wtteorahsaerli,;igabatttror:3,i?‘
express purpose of protecting
the
venting the people from choosing what theYfraais 011,, ill,
was not to be wondered at the eope were °- the °is
(Cheers.) But when the chartists) becanie tiled Vs
powers, they would have no dread of W6o°sloo'oo ",et
should so happen that any unfortunate nisttse bbeed,gille
inconsiderate as to turn traitor, then theis,' or,,e;
own head : better would it have been for therm if
he ill,,
el
They, however, would not spill evnewithfchectios
such a man, but would leave him to be deat:oo.loetier
see for
“mThmaotstanmyeeniteimn theber eryeessi
resigning
righhitseocuasrbien the ctorbrolso`
sides e 0
without publicly assigning a cause, be con t fro fc•
serted the interests of the people, and is n?' to
suspicions of treason to the cause of lihertY., cost iga
Mr. HOLROYDE, of Ashton, said they haßinsersledoe„"
their sentiments on this important subject t 0 eoa ai
He knew that they had several difficulties
ing
There was the aristocracy, the fundholders'ider, icoste and 110 r4otl
parsons arrayed against them. The funelna 00.11.4:b01
great an advocate of the national faith,
.c°,evis, ifhtlheef' fet:l
the distressed condition of the poor voe3c\ionid o,'
casioned by the bad system of things. rat, °Ors
to this degradation and misery? (Cries 01 stsnasoordie,
bid it heaven ; they would, as Englishrnen,were ‘.`oo/
obtain their rights. (Loud cheers.) Tlieres. raal"petitis,es
portions of society that had not joinedhelsa ia elyseo's
was the manufacturer ? He was
against the corn laws. Where were the eoale
society ? They had unfortunately left the
_Pos sa: ceL.l
selves, and he was sorry to say that thel:_eeni. dirier„
mplOvoidale %,101,
aud
the working classes that had not joined ;
great pleasu re that he seconded the r solutin in ta„
sent meeting would stimulate the conventildeote'eptila
holy. cause, until at length all Europe 11 'lig tbd (111'1
and '
imitate the example of England in diffaasola 101:1,1°0'0'1;1i
of liberty throughout the world. (neer' - I ae.the(l))
continued cheering.) Let them be firm theaeos
play into the hands of their enemies, had ni ads
most assuredly obtain the object they ha rogiftlis
cheers.) e
so sal
Dr. TAYLOR, of Glasgow rejoiced to
.nts, aocea edit?:
assembled determined to obtain their rigout sa
dd
first was—" to know their rights
were three things necessary before they c sis--theetl'itt4
—" to know how to get them :" (cheers)-;1 theae',lo.0re 1;
when they had learnt the second, "to trY fogceli b.csl.cj
cheers and laughter.) He told them thieloreea---_!tsier
vided. They were nicely and nearly bal4 into either.
must be careful not to throw their weig" toge
1. both •
~___.(sheer-,) th
and shortly they would be able to erns. s
e)l.re
cheerTh )s.e resolution was then put and carried' 010
Mr. RAWSON, of Bury, in movinF, triineool, tbse6t ti/ce 111
said that at a meeting of chartists in /sis Cisr stroa'aieo
there had made 200 men drunk tog° '.`a not
disturb their proceedings ;_ but this di ,heir
Of Vollt
tongues, nor prevent them from effecting
lat
dation io
resolution was as follows:—
Russell, we, the inhabitants of South Linundre otecopil
" That in accordance with the recconimel'oshire'oll4
good men and true, all of us intereste r
shtnrince !!,7,117,
meeting assembled, to the number of h`ci-ein tbe to,
life and property, do hereby instruct on
~'fos.
in our behalf, to the Home Secrets")
„,,soitnoo,01?
thousand stand of arms, commissariat, arre nobwthe of rt,
able to the emergency anticipated by the
f0r,(05.1,0,
further assert that, if the law allows a Srfor the 7000,:iir
the poor, the law also justifies a stercn,o, forsoe r,`,o
rich. And therefore should our withoutapplieari ,`; to i'llery
fused, or-our houses searched for arms, 00°2;e 43,,
we shall conclude it is the governments which 0
rich against the poor—a course of policyd trcst 101 i
sides a violation of the bill of rights, an tyo,
tion of war, against the industrious
Mr. RUSHTON, of Manchester, sec°. more 00
and rejoiced that their leaders had d the P
clasosedse•d theriteaoo
together to speak through the nation 9/3

important
the gone Sue near and dear to them, and he would tell
hold till thtnent that this was the last meeting they would
of frie,„,," met together to give each other the right h.and
their ii7°T, and to pledge themselves at once to achieve
force theertY. He firmly believed that government would
Prove al, to meet together in a way and manner that would
,happiness.eirti ruin, but give to them (the chartists) eternal
llenrl Alluding to the 16th of August, he wished that
one T lltit was present. What had the 16th of August
wowd baby the blood of the martyrs spilt on that day
eat oitl'rtaiznetile Whole nation before long and sweep the
(Loud cheers.)
which j,,.,t4Es TAYLOR, of Rochdale, seconded the resolution,
Mr.
Alb carried.
rNin,, MIN then delivered an oration on moving the next
laftitshfaceB7ol:er:ignwhich he discoursed about the valour and virtue
people for quarter of an hour with much
e roeetii oto himself, but with very liltle conviction. to h
"Thaia The resolution he moved was as follows .
of the .. 9113 meeting pledges itself to support the delegates
the „_"at!onal convention'so long as they honestly discharge
41el'sonstitutional duties assigned to them by their c?nsti-
A, , and should the said delegates ilp placed in peril, by
we shall or faction whatever, in contravention of the laws,
14,,'sdi defend them against such disposal. or faction by every
3Tr.
RC al and physical, at our "
lir, Ti Es seconded the motion, and it was carried.. in
Mich
lie'tLict2.l supported the resolution in a long speech,
t-
ened l,eornplained that instead of the people being ligh
ehhi„,),Y the use of machinery, it was employed as a means of
liru'rs the ignorant, greedy middle classes.
bett h. I°llaa
people Bury, said that the late Mr. Ctob.-_
they ad told the in the House of Commons, tha if whigs,lid go to the Bank of England for their money the
leo-°lll,d give up the coercion bill ; and he could tell the
Plc, of zngland if they would now go to the savings'
kr, R they
Would get the charter.
to, ina.nns, from the Potteries, was then introduced_.
),411}31Pert the resolution. He said if ever he felt proud it
ti°ll; tn. tleh, he said, was expected from the convnewin--
ttiencle tilt, he would say, do what they had already rec theo, tut, and then, his soul for theirs, if they would not find
khles,"`e°tY more to do. It was of no use to recommend,er
'404 inswhat had been recommended was done. They tiFve
There ° high a position as they did at the present timen.
tetthe,as an old saying "When rogues fall out honest
continue
to r_„ it ow,,
Let them hope the factions would
s_
tetklii out until they (the chartists) got their rights. (Cheers.)
° mall persuade them to break the peace ; keep h
'ach,,, and let their enemies break it if they thought. proper.
...
thjtev ey di
3t wanted d, the speaker urged them
.to be united. it
kited, to maintain their present position they must be
cheers. and Persevere till success crowned their efforts. (Loud
kr,•
s
3L
ttal
4 4,, e'sed Elt, from Stockport, next addressedthe
.meeting,
ititiflmuch pleasure at meeting such an immense
,w'tdd shot human. be-ings assembled on that occasion. They 'Pe hpe, the country, through the mediumof th
411egih3', what were the feelings of the people of South
paredtPal Ire in the cause of freedom. But what were
.thoseta
'tit
'that
with the number absent. They had broi.igh
,tl?nsarlds from Stockport, but they were nothing to
ha be-eY had left.inHethen. formed the meeting that they
moreuseeflZe.hed b,the aristocracy,lu and
.directed attention to
byeore tha of rn Star, which. he said had done
of If.' arlY other auxiliary for centuries, to.
,forward the
:ee He begged they would assist the_man
4,1 Y Rath,,,e Proprietor—he meant Feargus O'Connor nost
NCIICISii —"en' Purses, but with their right arms
.rf it wa
'X° • that bred Put the pouer could be brought against them
thealt, tin °I down, if they would only keep from any out-
eir • all was of one mind • but unless the people got
qrerrlghts, there shouldsoon be neither peace, law, nor
%Th eiCRB°l4ll Lancashire. (1..40ud cheers.)
h eirpeacalliMAN thanked them for their attendance, for
'l,ht[ies at oeliabelee conduct, and requested them to go to their
()'Q te' beers Manor were given for .the chairman ; three for
fo_ooNd ~0 three for Stephens ; three for Dr. Taylor and the
littler he , avention ; three for Oastler ; and three groans
afte-alarzehester Guardian.—The meeting separated a
h 4. lie obi. to
clock.
-'d b chartists, societies, with their bands of music, flags,
th attwer
Ose from3thin mustered in marching order, and most
aof
ry left the ground, and. b.ent their y
h„e race „..eir respective districts. The political aspect of
ittlipea.'let-CeVrild became instantly.
.ch_anged. Hundreds who.
rat, e left their domiciles in manchester made their
tairihteatric:r„emany came from the surrounding. country,. and
tittles, gaveut nt on the races, which, with their attendant
rnoit
h„ . Much satisfaction and amusement to the assem-
-,,r, b itodes.
lteb.. r. ti„,, In the brief space of an hour, Mr. o.'Con-
t,7llhil.L.teuer, Dr. Taylor & Co_.,. were forgotten in the.
and all acrimoni-
hZPoliti,,,, of the holiday assemblage,
C-Zar aZieeling, if such before existed, merged. into good
osto! ."' Conviviality. What an immortality for the

THE MINISTRY.

( r
then °thitig °n2 Me Statesman and Dublin Record.)
4tettirliedeaLlle well more unstable,
.or more insecure than
Can scarcely say revived—cabinet of Lord
~ento a'itt catch 'hey are perfectly at a stand-still. Drowning
era 41'estraws, but the Melboumites seem scarcely
anion at
ugh left even to grasp at straws. They
tikasdler,actins 'ln' the country to speak ; but truly the be -
11•1/.te ''aetings" have been few as yet, and indeed are not
eiNaNitiloll„erease• There is no material for conflagration,
;',seren, in defending Lady Normanby's female
ti siren...l'l'lst Peel Wellington, and the whole conserva-
,Nl of England.' is absurd for na-
,•oic c'Alierty The think; too
L4itt;.,
any other sort of division. In Ireland, with
et ibe his enormous lyin O'Connell might work the
4M-nalLs 0 Ise any thing is good enough to lead forth the
\sato f °Plah absurdity ; but like snuff of candle, the
sotl, ber u •
-al • •• • e most
.speedily in Eng-
ett„ . resource then have the ministry ? They are
ores ofrt f;)
seems, with the radicals ; and what then I.joe-
hi4hl/ tort )-4.„,4 • Russell's " finality" of reform, or finality
to i.0,,t0 sezi ;filtering into treaty with revolutionists is like
oralhat chart or compass, and it is impo.ssi.ble
"er suall be the end thereof. The ministenalists
tempoas enture
t omv ,we think, upon such a wretched attempt,
to a very limited extent, and for some very
4tlll eaairPnae• We think it impossible that the present
11 endure many months.
1)11111biters (Prom the Morning Herald.)
and tril that there is but one way of retaining their
tyacJil -at is bY getting rid of the parliamentary session
111,,. they- 4 Possible. As for venturing upon a dissolution,
14414 toicilare not do, their equivocal success at Hertford
t
ne° het them pretty plainly what they may expect.a
th;•,-at
end Prepared for a contest. The plan. therefore is,
It'" to the session as speedily as possible ; and for
heir organs of the press are urged to prepare the
4.lof7ltleh an impotent conclusion, such a miserable
theiaseil,„ at? vital interests of the country, we are not at all
~klaralttr,; nor, indeed, is it to be altogether regretted.
its
144ters:ies doomed to-a continuance of such men as
.0 40tr less they interfere in public affairs. the be_ tter.
sot, 'fief env he
is infinitely preferable to doing mischief , and
thb.,ortli,,'lth they would long since have done, had they
"itCatiailly-wathe!Yt, been restrained by a power much stronger
Nth,' eeek Alen they possess—a strong conservative oppo-
'ilk '4l. IT" bY a strong conservative feeling throughout the
tter.da`'nt, though such may be the intention of our
'es -"II% 3' statesmen, we trust that Sir Robert Peel and
4ers will not allow them thus to back out of the.
not it~otives 4,iblandon public business, without bringing their
rd
has Principles once more to the test. As ya
hpeot at been heard of Canada, of our Indian war, or
ilibtet. replier business of the House of Commons, the
14,1 alls Jamaica to be left to its fate, and the West In-
te4s ofth Vrobability lost, that Lord Melbourne and the
tiot Atiott uedchamber may meet with no annoyance 9r in-
ofoto dotiti Should such be the case, which we trust it will
"till,, ft-pthe Emperor of Russia will hear, from the lips
England's degradation, with no small share of
N-4t.

EOn -olpr
t-- IV —or TIVO HUSBANDS AND THE HUSBANDk OFn
thlllq.---On Wednesday last, Waters, a baiserw,ie,
koth:street, Clerkenwell, was informed that h
~. ..r of
~_. _ .
Pla,altie or t_ uNe children, and to whom lie
h
447.'4 4 en Years, vv•as seen veryfrequently
Turner, also a
tkoed raasentleinan of property, . named asinhethee cmoarnr--
kolwa out°,,,who is his next door. neihbour,anddicht innotts
fwo'errae
tVtat give a very unpleasant kind. . Water ,of red it e credence to the story. Still, howeN er, he con-
,. the nothia, but with hei 11,_ s o fair to let his spouse kno,nt,htehesegaonsdsiapl
that
the fg ?onrhood. She heard him repeat .
~
terh°rtltUde becomin her sex, and at once insisted
tr. Taeshand should hear from her lips, and from the lips liii`'. tva, !tier at the same time, an unqualified denial I tottl,444lrPuted to them • and to make the affair more
dilZir diR„. el_!. the wife of the latter was invited as a witness
5th.,4114,-"iirners. The parties met, and a scene the most
i
N 44 h° alld extraordinary occurred. Mrs. W aters w
iihrotelle eor husband and likewise Mrs. Turner, of her entire, el' or! f the insinuations thrown out, and had called one Ctseqer to give his denial, when, instead of doing so, h S.rertitsaitr as his wife, told her that' he would prosecute her
tion:Ver 4,4nd said that four out of the five children which
tlitZ thar"e,eare of Mr. Waters were his. He also men-
ther"Ptith",,rt°,eY were married in St. Andrew's churc.h, in-
110OhieNah,"'„4-Pril, 1837 he being then the husband ot anod
IN," liita -"ne present -.Mrs. Turner. Mrs. Waters retorte dia"ak, w r1(1 produced a letter in his (Turner's)
.hand-
hi te elo., ritten recently in which he demanded her imme7
ik,',seifErruent with him,' and threatening to do her and
;I,,.'etlbetBerious injury if she refused. In conclusion, blows
:14.:a;118frahni:oe.recoierNinlgrs. Waters and Turner, and the latter es-
\it- 'tate the Premise, leaving Mrs. Turner and W aters
on tr'enzy. On the following day, Mr.
ts,.,sa that l'iltg well considered the serious subject, deter-
-41,17 awa Is wife should go before a magistrate, andso_nbg-
kalt Ivollaant against Turner for the assault—he suppo
andi iipip 9sOre _,.. he the means of causing a full explanation.t
was
Noted this extraordinary affair, and on Saturday i
iktWad nor that the matter should be heard. Neither Mrs.
4 it,,,i LI-truer, however, were forthcoming ; but Mr.
:!le e;:%-airs. Turner were in attendance with a copy
Ceti ttltuleate of the marriage of the two first-nal/11
htaklao4'ue church and at the time already mentioned, an
01.1-4, so f " other proof was forthcoming, if necessary.
-,t, ar, are the particulars of this most remarkable
41,1.04'l Paper.
t4CNiq. . grANIIOPE'S CALCULATION ABOUT SNUFF-
)4I:iIi er, lit tererY professed, inveterate, and incurable snuff-
itea atinoderate comuutation, takes one pinch' in ten_
st‘tiNag aildve).Y. Pinch, with the agreeable ceremony of
helfes, eoa:%lPing the nose, and other incidental circuina-
tsL. tait of :Ines a minute and a half. One minute and__
etit'g da, verY ten, allowing sixteen hours to a snuff,
li+Coh, (if ea} ~araounts to two hours and twenty-four minutes
of tell na.turai
day, or one day out of ten. One day
ht:lee, it.__4l_llolintS to thirty-six days and a half in the year.
cktn, twonl_lPPose the practice to he persisted in for for.):
eurs to tieMure Years of the snuff-taker's life will be de
orense ,ce"ilg his nose and two more to blowing it. The
to: seemsnutf-boxes and handkerchiefs will be the subject
floe'c'ches essaY, in which it will appear that this luxury
floe on hl as much on the income of the snuff-taker as it
tiit,Poney *,?tle, and that by proper application of the time
tari,' 10r the',l.B lost to the public, a fund might be con
ami, nischarge of the national debt. —Ladies Gazette
11 "'
!lie lII•Nie Ay 1,
it it'IAyELLING.To persons who have been in
tdeillaite uri,,,elluig along the great English lines of railway',
Ivllt:tid.,olse Ivahleonurwriee
tVee qth "ecessary to refute the assertion that the conve-
Ljellio. • e passengers is not attended to. The luxury of
Yrein the mail carriage from. Liverpool to
thatY,...ti:e jeotrer h that used to spend twenty-four hours on the
Member, like some dream of our child-
e„,l)4Ben 8 that everyfrmominutshook the aching bones of
, qtd L_ ter srousing
40asa "e called \,.1,
v 4) 01th , ~,at seemed the snatch ofl sleep (if
tseledeilainist
tkaehoi e night the almost to make loner
~ . _
-.e e an, sir ,P ' e constantly recurring memento ' change,
th,le each hell that
to you at every stage—the door of
to r ' each ~,,`1 open to admit the cold blast, while, at the same
Iv each tir's,eriger slowl
itua• c an, . y unloosedhis complicated' muffling
let', Inoti, r er piece deposited in the innner fold of his
itio,its vs.hie.hestrnents—when we r remember all these as suf-
he."' of ou'r °nee were to be endueremdemto accomplish the re-
l'etittrv;atewe :and, otesceiinvuess selvesno from Dublin to. London—and
ell 44 LiveL,ve Were sitti wheeled along 4ust. as much at
'l3
.t a..„_,--Tool after rig here in our editorial throne—
Ftilitt,,tetiZelivlt of the
at- breakfastafah.:ade more hearty by the
L tau e for ro. Packet in the night—and reaching 1,011-
or ttlis_e that eri t° Sharpe ._ tons
.le hour, with not
t 1 11'to
14 •-tat ao We have hie nhe appetite—we aralmoseht.ough
e Meth ke oz,;„ d.through centuries instead of years,
rally.2reeileeh.au.. geluafv..,insa_gieian has been upon the earth, and.
raoc,„nee cug, we al
to It'hattrazeotany Jorier.coeinqupailtinotnhgose of centuries. . When:,
r 0.., 101 for the of the inconveniences ot
wish that we had it in our power
-"`1•••••-tiubii...
..._ . gistso his days to travel by the com-
' unzverBitY Magazine.
