HOW TO HET A NEW CHURCH CLOCK. -
It appears that the liberals refuse to pay for the repair of the
church clock. On the evening in question, Mr. Webb told
them that he had hit.upon a scheme by vihiCh it was very likely
they would get a bran span new illuminated clock for nothing.
The astonishment of the liberals at this announcement may be
well imagined. The seven gentlemen present drevacloser to
the Chairman, who proceeded: to lay. open the scheme,
_ which
was no less than to send a " wery nice letter" to the Duke of
Northumberland, and they would be sure to gammon him out of
it, for he was " a werry liberal nobleman." Hereupon a very
curious debate ensued, from which it seemed that one of th-e
gentlemen had heard from one of the cast-off servants of his
Grace, that he " was'nt a werry liberal nobleman." This was
a " convincing settler," and no more was said about " yarn-
moniag" the noble Duke.

A debate thlio;ed abo►it " three lamp posts," and whether
ri
certain coort was six or eight beet wide. A great deal was said
on both sides.-11.furning Herald.

•
DE,ICE OF THE Swer.i. Al-on—Two well-dressed
young men. wearing mustachios, have within.the last week coin-
mitted,robberies to some amount in the following Manner in thn
vicinity of Igancliester,nnd Cavenrlih-srinPres.•The ndvsntre
are in the, habit, of calling to look at apartments, and on being
introduced to the mistress of the !muse, one of them feigns sud-
den illness, and requests to be furnished aitb a glass of brandy
end water, for which a servant is directly sent out.: His friend
in the mean tiMe has examined the room, and on going into
the parkTur expresses to his sick friend, who, has been recover-
ing himself, his approval of the apartmentsviei'ved. They then
take their leave, promising to call on the next day, and soon,
after their departure it is discovered that the parlour gentleman
has contrived to rob the mantelpiece, shelves, and cupboarcli
various valuable articles.

REVISING BARRISTERS FOR 18.36.—The barriSters irpointed
to revise the list of voters for North Lancashire, Clitherue,
Bolton, and Preston, are E. E Deacon, S. Temple, and H.
Stanhope, Esqrs.; for South Lancashire; Liverpool, Manches-
ter, Salford, Oldham, Wigan, and Warrington, B. Greenwood;
F. Heywood, W. Blanchard, and B. H. Abrahall, Esqrs.; for
the boroughs of Blackburn, Bury, Rochdale, and Ashton, FL
Lawrence, Esq.; and for Lancaster, F. Maude, and R. Atkin-
son, Esqrs.

MANCHESTER AND CREWE RAILWAY.—A very numerous
and respectable meeting has taken place in Manchester for the
purpose of forming a company to construct a railroad between
that town and Crewe. The cost will be at about £540,000. The
highest gradient to be met with on the line was stated to be 1 in.
330; on ,the Manchester and Liverpool line being one in 60
and lin 96. The expectations raised of success are most san-
guine. This railway will be of importance to North Wales, as
it will open a communication with the iron districts and the
west of England, with the various other railways now forming
branching off from the great London line.

• •
A laughable accident, though attended with considefable less,
to the party, occurred on Saturday morning in Lincoln's
fields. Two men, who were employed to carry a large looking
glass, stopped where a showman was exhibiting Mr. Punch and
his family to a gaping multitude; they put down the glass and
placed it securely against the iron railing of the garden, covered
over with a green baize, whilst they went forward and stood on
tip-toe behind the crowd, attentively enjoying the exhibition.
In the meantime some mischievous boys, who were at play;
threw up the baize and left the glass exposed; at the same mo-
ment a tine he goat, who generally runs after the hies, crossed
the road, went up to the glass, and seeing, as he fancied, another
goat in the glass, he retired back a few paces, and rearing ort
his hind legs, darted forward with all his might, and made a
desperate plunge at his supposed antagonist, going: head and
shoulders through the glass. The crowd deserted Mr. Punch
and his family and joined in a general laugh at the mischance
of the untOrtunate men.
Et.orEmENT.---A few days since the wonder-loving and scan-
dal-whisrwring folks of TUllamore had a gala-day, in conse-
quence of an elopement which took place here. The gentle-
man is a Mr. James Kelly, who is owner of a pretty consider-
able farm near Kilbeggau, county Westmeath, and a Roman'
Catholic; the lady a Miss H. Manly, a Quakeress, second
eldest daughter of the late Thomas Manly, Tullamore, formerly
a hanker. The happy man is young and well looking, au
athletic lover of respectable faMily and connexionS; the
lady'is—

" At the years
Which certain people call a certain age,
Which yet the most uncertain age appears."
Report, however, must truly attributes to her the noueision of
" three thousand charms" Of the most captivating nature. •Ti
said the envied couple are domesticating in the metropolis, but:
do not meditate a trip to Gretna Green, as the lady herself
sole guardian of the go-W.—San.
MRS. GRAHAM.—Ong of 'the medical attendants upon Mrs:
Graham, Mr. N. BarloW, of Blackurore, gives the following ie-
count of nature of the injury sustained by her :-,Mis.Gra-
ham's senses have completely returned, and reasonable finpeS may be entertained of.her recovery. The blow which occa-
sioned the concussion was received from the lower end of the
spine, the vertebral column Communicating with and account-
ing for it. - It is also evident, from the great disrolouration, and
the little paralysis that occurred, that the. poWerfid muscle's which
cover the pelvis in a great degree softened the shoi..k. The only
paralysis left is on the right eyelid, which still falls over and
completely veils the eye. This circumstance gives her a vacant
and somewhat idiotic appearance; but this, as the eyelid rem•
vers its elevating power, will wear of The vision of this eye
is yet confused and indistinct."
The South of England cricket played have Achieved a victory
over their opponents north of the Thanie. The match, which:
was commenced at Leicester, on i'donday, between the alined
contending parties, did not terminate till Thtirsday, and there,
never was a match played in which greater skill iii the science
was displayed. We subjoin the result :
South of England. I North of England:
165 First innings First inningsllo
Second innings..
414 I Second innings . l5l

479 261.
The extraordinary innings made by the southern players was
owing principally to the splendid batting of E. Wenman and
A. Mynn. Esqrs. The former scored, from his own. hat, 61, and
the latter 125 ; and it is remarkable that Mr. Mynn, daring the
whole of his long innings, did not give at cacti:

...
As a horse and fly, belonging to Mr. Boss, and the latter con-
nining the owner of the horse that woo the Brighton Stakes
and several ladies, was returning front the bill en the east side
of th 2 new wall, the top of which is covered with pieces of broken
bottles, the driver kept close to the wall, and, as he was coming
along at a pretty smart pace, (the horse being a very flee
animal and worth from forty to fifty pounds,) in checking his
progress the left rein broke, and the driver, pulling upon the
right rein, drew the head of the horse over the wall; the fly irn
pelted the poor animal forward, and continued to drag his i
neck
along the broken glass on the top of the wall for nearly e
. nearly a
hundred yards, mangling his flesh in a most frightful way, 'till
at last he dropped dead. The persons in the fly received no
.tf7rideeororrpeothfuesositohtie
printing business, or more liable to have l
injury.—Briyhton Patriot.
ERRORS OF THE PRESS.—There is not
in existence more subject to the casualtiras
t*- errors blazoned
preen, e r for instance,
forth to the world. An ordinary sized
and the eye of
upon each of these little fellows,
such as our own, contains about 326,0'0"'tys
the corrector must be constgaont!tys•t
better-disposed neighbours into arwiykwtia'ernid sseeirvo•eisic,lb.ubtytic)olemarlintgheiior
who are liable not only to
,c,ohnetnacwtewritnhtesnudld"taoliedness.e'i'ibe,
In:Bhouse,happened some time ago, that,
internal regulations oifniaefrie in a complimentary way, the
put it to press
by a provincial
people call in question our Vein
" the
::.111
veracity.
time
i isle opnaep, ,e 1 ar teal::
alluded
re tld
the printer very coolly.
mean
&c. But the error
which grieves us most iret'hae"
paper, which its
.i calculated
.to make thinking
rptoi.ttendi
copying a paragraph
lecein •
-. g
its source; makes us state, that "a peat() was lately
-
dug up in this vicinity measuring seven feet in diameter!"Our
version made it only severs inches, which we thought in 11
.. R con-
science large enough fur the 'hi 'pn lc make,. We hope our
contemporary Contem '
for although will
be more careful in copying from us in future ;
although the error is self-evident, we have
strong doubts
that it ma • •
y have passed current in Nithsdale, as we notice that
the Duntfriel Con rkr has oat said a word about potatoes of any
kind since the "seven feet" matister appeared !—Seotsrnan.
New TILBURY.—A French gentleman, named Peurrat, has
recently arrived in London, bringing with him a Wintry which'
possesses sonic new and important features as relates to the
harness and carriage. This vehicle has the same appearance
as any other fashionable carriage, but the horse is harnessed
with the ordinary apparatus in such a manner as that, in the
event of his running assay, the driver can immediately relearte
him from the shafts without the least risk to himself or damage
to the vehicle or public. The hairless is very simple, and a
horse can be put to in a fourth of the time at present occupied
in performing that operation, and the horse carries very little
mote than a saddle horse. The harness is also much' more
easily kept in order. The axletree is constructed upon a new
principle, which combines the advantages of possessing greater
strength and making the draught more easy to the horse. On
Thursday week M. Pourrat, at the request of the stewards of
the Dove House Race Meeting at Pinner, exhibited his vehicle
on the course, lie mounted, accompauied by his groom, and
when the horse, a very spirited one, was at full speed, he, in ass
instant, released him from the shells, and in a moment after-
wards he alighted from the vehicle, amidst the plaudits of the
numerous company assembled. lie repeated the experiment
several times with the same results. This invention appears
likely to create a complete revolution in the present system of
building carriages and harness making.
PROGRESS OF EMANCIPATION.—to one ve • •
at• and ten mrenth •
after the abolition of slavery, i3-I,UOO have been 5
negroes for the release of WOO of their body fro raised by the
tions of the apprenticeship. when
we
consider that the sum
m the obliga-
which a person so pays is the proved net
value of his uncom-
pensated services, over and above the f.:6,500,000 sterling
already divided among the forme
(which .f.;,5°0,000 iS money laid downrslave holders of this colony
the redemption of the slay six years in advance for
been paid for the emancipation e,) we shall find that Rill value has
and ten mo the average of the bondman. if at one year
too much tenths.sa, that erage of the money parr! is X 34., it is ockt
was DK i,17.000 oon the Ist of August, i'B3l, the average
tit he number of slaves who were tecordect
as apprentices by the
by -the colonists valuators; this gives an estintatifurnished.
the £6,500,000 themselves £8,680„1100 currency, 40 addition ,O
sterling, or £ I 0,000,000 currency, already .paid
and distributed.
making an aggregate
.of znoney and yalne .iti
services after ,money paid more than tlB, (100,G0 gmo for die '
•n the as
emancipation i• ' iand.of Jamaica. —Fabian( fir Venter '
cai
Po4z.-

THE SOLONS OF ST. mARTIN's-IN-TrigA.Ettif!,
•
These lawgivers continue to legislate. They held their
meeting a night or two since at the Two Angels and Crown;
St: Martin's-lane, in the rear Of St. Giles's.
Mr. Webb was ultimately (half-past ten o'clock) Crated to
the chair. . . . • •

. stti rßAticts BURDETT AND i:OLONEt.' E 4/ ANS. • • • '
Mr., Webb, who was sitting with a rlass of " the aforesiiid,":
before him, and one of his legs over. an arm, of his chair, la-
mented in a painfully lachrymose .style,,the deplorable condi.•
Lion to which the city of Westatinister was reduced—one of lin
representatives being "an old fool,"
..and the other nobody
knew where,. whether chopped up by the Carlists; treacher-
ously slain by the Chrstinos, or flogged by the Westrninister
Grenadiers. , . • •
Mr. Pearce thotfght it was a shocking state for any body. of
reformers to be in.

• .
Mr. Webb—lt is indeed ;as to Sir Francis Burdett, I think
we had better give him a service of plate and get rid of him.
Mr. Pearce—What ! a service of plate ? Why, he's a tory
Mr. Webb—l know better.
Mr. Pearce—Yes, he is.
Mr. Webb—No, he aint. ; . • • ' • 1 :
Mr. Pearce—Why, he told us se himself; and said he'd been
a tory all his life—(" oh, oh, that won't do.") •
. Mr. Webb—He's no tory,. he's only an " old fool"—(great
laughter. •
This seemed to settle the matter, and— • • • .
Mr. Bainbridge rose for the purpose of telling the meeting
how to get rid of church rates. After a long speech, full of
advice. to the people,, he concluded by observing that this so-
ciety, notwithstanding all that the Morning Herald had said is
ridicule of it, ". was a neuclus from which .examplei would go
forth for the imitation of the whole British empire."—(Loud
hurrahs.) . .
