HOUSE OF COMMONS.-TUESDAY.

The Commons met at twelve o'clock, for the purpose of
proceeding with public business.
The report of the committee of supply, containing the re-
solutions adopted on the previous night, was presented, the
several items read and agreed to.
The report of the committee on the advancement of money,
connected with the metropolis improvement bill, was pre-
sented, adopted, and referred to the bill, after conversation,
in which Lord G. Somerset, &c.., took part.
The " County and Districts Constables bill" was read the
second time, after some desultory conversation.
The metropolis police courts bill was read the third time
and passed, after some discussion, and Mr. T. DUNCOMBE
had complained of it being brought forward previously to the
evening sitting.
Mr. Fox MAULE declared that he had mentionedthat he
should move it, among other public business, at the morning
sitting. .
The Bastardy (Poor Law Amendment) Bill was considered
in Committee, and the report thereon ordered to be received
on Thursday.
On the motion of Lord MORPETH, the Dublin Police Bill
was read the third time and passed.
Mr. BERNAL brought in the disembodied Militia Bill,
founded on one of the supply votes of Monday night. It was
read the first time, and ordered to be read the second time
on Wednesday.
On motion of Mr. Fox MAULE, the lords' amendments to
the Metropolis Police Bill were read and agreed to.
On the resumption of the house at five o'clock, Dr. Limit-
INGTON presented the report of the committee appointed to
examine the lords' journals as to their lordships' proceedings
on the Slave Trade (Portugal) Bill.
Mr. D. W. HARVEY moved his resolution of April 23,
1839, requiring a clause to be inserted in every " Enclosure"
Bill, for a space of ground, appropriately situated, sufficient
for purposes of exercise and recreation of the neighbouring
population, Sce.—Agreed to.
Lord MORPETH said, in answer to Mr. Shaw's inquiry,
that a proposal to grant a charter for the new Divinity Col-
lege in the city of Dublin had been submitted to the govern-
ment, and that the subject matter of the application was un-
der consideration : he could not give a more precise answer.
Mr. HAWES moved for a copy of the tariff agreed upon by
the commissioners appointed under the seventh article of the
convention of commerce and navigation between Turkey and
England.
Lord PALMERSTON availed himself of the opportunity to
state that the government made every exertion not only to
advance our commercial advantages but to secure the conti-
nuance of peace, on the conviction that peace was best cal-
cvlated to advance the interests of commerce.

After some observations from Mr. Hume, Mr. P. Thom-
son, Mr. Ewart, Mr. Warburton, Mr. T. Attwood, &c.,
Mr. SOMERS withdrew his motion for a select committee
to inquire into the truth of the Sligo petition, presented July
8, from certain freeholders, householders, and inhabitants
of the county and borough of Sligo.
The house was counted on the ATTORNEY-GENERAL'S mo-
tion for revising the standing order regarding deposits on
railway bills, and was " counted out."

HOUSE OF LORDS.—WEDNESDAY.
The House of Lords did not assemble to-day.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.-WEDNESDAY.

The lords' amendments to the Blackwall Railway Bill, and
the City of London Police Bill, were brought up.
Mr. T. ArrwooD presented a petition from the town
council of Birmingham against the Birmingham Police Bill.
Mr. O'CONNELL, and other members, presented petitions
against the renewal of the Bank of Ireland charter.
The lords' amendments to the Custody of Infants Bill
were agreed to.
Sir J. C. HOBHOUSE said, in answer to Mr. Ewart's in-
quiry, that the commission on slavery in India was pursuing
its labours ; and that every effort to check the Portuguese
slave trade would be adopted, although it was, undoubtedly,
difficult to guard against the introduction of slaves across the
Indian frontier.

The lords' amendments to the Lower Canada Government
Bill were agreed to. _

Lord JOHN RUSSELL, on directing attention to the lords'
amendments to the " Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Bill,"
adverted to resolutions that had been adopted by the House
of Lords regarding " the administration of justice in Ireland."
His lordship proceeded to state that he considered those re-
solutions to involve " an improper interference with the pre-
rogative of the crown, and that it was his intention in all
such cases to pursue the course hitherto pursued, notwith-
standing such resolution." He then directed attention to
an amendment made by the lords in the Irish Corporations
Bill, reserving a provision whereby the power of grand juries
to levy certain rates had been transferred to the corporations.
The SPEAKER ruled that it was not fatal to the bill, inas-
much as the house could negative such alteration.
The amendments were eventually ordered to be printed,
and taken into consideration on Friday.
On the motion that the. Birmingham Police (No. 2) Bill
be read the second time,
• Mr. T. Arrwoon opposed it, declaring that the Town-
council would resist it ; and moved thet it be read a second
time that day three months.

The house divided, and the second reading was carried by
74 to 20.

Mr. C. BULLER gave notice that in the committee he
should move that " the Council " instead of " the Queen"
appoint the proposed commissioner.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER obtained leave to
bring in a bill relating to legal proceedings of certain joint-
stock banking companies against their own members, and by
such members against the companies. The bill was read a
first time ; to be read a second time this day.
Lord JoHN RUSSELL obtained leave to bring in two bills,
which were read a first time, for improving the police in the
boroughs of Manchester and Bolton. To be read a second
to-morrow.
The house adjourned at half-past ten o'clock.

The Queen has been pleased to directletters patent to pass
the seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,
nominating the Rev. John Strachan, D.D. archdeacon of
York, to the bishopric of Toronto, in the province of Upper
Canada; and also the Rev. Aubrey George Spencer, D.D.
Archdeacon of Bermuda, to the bishopric of Newfoundland.
It was actively rumoured about the houses of parliament
yesterday that there was some intention on the part of min-
isters, in consequence of the extraordinary and rather uncer-
tain state of the country just now, to adjourn, and not to
prorogue the parliament, when the business now before it is
completed, or " gone through," except there should be ma-
terial improvement in the posture of affairs, by which means,
in the event of an emergency, parliamentary measures and
aids, and advice might be more speedily obtained than other-
wise. We, however, do not credit the rumour.—Herald,
BRUTUS A TORY.-At the conclusion of the tragedy of
Brutus on Friday week, at the Huddersfield Theatre, a dis-
pute arose between two of " the gods" as to what colour of
politicians Brutus must have belonged to. The one affirmed
that from his patriotic liberalism he must have been an out-
and-out Whig-Radical, or he would never have sacrificed his
son for his country : his opponent stoutly contended he must
have been a tory, for look'ee, said he, if he had been a Whig
instead of sentencing his son to death, he would have given
him a good place or pension, a commissionership at least,
and left the people to pay the piper. This conclusive argu-
ment silenced the first, and Brutus was allowed to be set
down as a Tory.
MOST EXTRAORDINARY AND EXTENSIVE ROBBERY.—
On Saturday, a man of gentlemanly appearance, who gave
his name John Davis, and said he was an Exciseman, called
upon the Rev. George Morley, at Newport Pagnel, and in-
duced him to write his name on a piece of blank paper as a
recommendation for him. The fellow had no sooner got the
signature than he converted it into a draft upon the Newport
Pagnel Bank for £450. He then started for Leicester, where
he changed notes to the amount of £350, and soon after-
wards left for Birmingham by coach. Unfortunately, the
robbery was not discovered until Thursday, and on Friday,
two gentlemen gave information to Mr. Goodyer, superin-
tendant of the Leicester police, but Davis is believed to be
on his passage to America.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

TURKEY AND EGYPT.

Our advices from Constantinople and Alexandria are still
bounded by the date of the lith ult., though some fresh in-
telligence from the latter city has reached us by our present
express, purporting to be the communications which have
passed between Mehemet Ali and the grand vizier, Khosrew
Dacha. These documents, to which a certain air of authority
attaches, state that the Sultan sent the following message to
the viceroy by Akif Effendi, the envoy, who was despatched
by the Porte to Alexandria when the late Sultan died:—

" The Governor of Egypt, Mehemet Ali Pacha, having
committed several acts of a nature to displease my glorious
father, certain events took place, and many preparations were
made ; nevertheless' to preserve from harm the welfare of
the people confided to my care by Providence, and with the
sole view of sparing Mussulman blood, I will forget all that
has passed. I therefore accord to this governor his pardon,
and I shall send to him a decoration similar to that conferred
on my other ministers. I also concede to him the province
of Egypt as a heritage for his children, upon condition that
the duties of obedience and subm'ssior_ be hereafter fulfilled
by him."
This gracious message, conveying to the successful though
no less rebellious vassal of the Sultan all that he had, up
to a very recent period, ever dreamt of obtaining, was sent
to the viceroy (according to this statement) accompanied by
a letter from Khosrew Pacha, stating that orders had been
conveyed to Hafiz Pacha, the seraskier, to arrest the march
of his troops, and to the capudan pacha to remain within the
Dardanelles. Before, however, the answer of Mehemet Ali
could be prepared, both the army and the fleet of his Sove-
reign were within his grasp, the former having been attacked
and routed by Ibrahim Pacha, and the latter having been
delivered into his possession by one of the most extraordinary
acts of treachery on record. The following is the mode in
which the viceroy is represented to have received the ad-
vances made to him from Constantinople. It is in the form
of a communication to the representatives of the four great
powers resident at Alexandria :
" In two days Akif Effendi will return to Constantinople.
He will be the bearer of a letter of congratulation and of sub-
mission from me to. the new Sultan Abdul Medjid. It is
also my intention to address a letter to Khostew Pacha, in
which I shall represent to him,

" Firstly—That the deceased Sultan Mahmoud made me
some time since, by the medium of Sarkim (Sarim ?) Effendi,
proposals much more advantageous than those addressed to
me by his highness at present, seeing that those proposals
contained the offer of the hereditary settlement on me of
Egypt, of Syria, of Sayd, and of the Sandjak of Tripoli.
" Secondly—That under my present circumstances I solicit
the hereditary settlement upon me of Egypt, together with
Syria and Candia ; that is to say, of all that I at present pos-
sess, as I have already intimated,
" Thirdly—That upon these conditions, and provided good
faith be observed towards me, I will be the most faithful of
the servants and vassals of his' highness, and I will defend
him whensoever, and against whomsoever he shall require
me.

" Such is the sense in which it is my intention to write to
Constantinople.
" I shall make no mention, for politeness sake, in n,iy let-
ter to the grand vizier, of the fleet, but I request you will:as-
sure the representatives of the great powers at Constantinople
that I have never.entertained the intention of retaining it,
nor of availing myself of it in a hostile form against the Sul-
tan. On the contrary, I formally undertake to restore it as
soon as my propositions shall have been accepted. In this
case all the vessels composing the squadron of his highness
shall be sent back to Constantinople. With respect to the
Ottomantadmirals, those who fear to return to Turkey may
remain in Egypt, which forms part of the same kingdom.
" When the Sultan shall have consented to my prayer, and
have dismissed Khosrew Pacha from public employment, I
shall not hesitate, upon the first invitation that receive from
his highness to repair to Constantinople ; nor shall it be
with my squadron that I will hasten thither, but alone, and
on board a steam-boat, with the sole view of presenting in
person my homage to my Sovereign, and of offering him my
services.

" Finally—Let me declare to you that, if my proposals are
not accepted and agreed to, I shall not prosecute the war,
but I will maintain myself in my present position, and I will
await the course of events."

We have already observed that there is so great an air of
authenticity about these documents, that we are disposed
to give them credit for being genuine, and for that reason
have transferred them to this conspicous portion of our co-
lumns. Nevertheless, we hesitate to give them the stamp
of implicit credit until we have received some confirmation
of their official origin, which cannot fail shortly to reach us,
or to be confuted if they are forged.
It is stated in a letter from Alexandria of the l'ith ult., that
the capudan pacha was cordially supported and joined in his
treasonable exploit of delivering his master's fleet to the rebel
viceroy, by all his officers; so deeply rooted is the hatred
which the Turks bear to the alteration in their costume that
they were compelled to submit to by the late Sultan.—Herald.
