L S'l'A'N D Alt 1)

Extract of a letter from-Horsham:—" About a quarter past
eight in the evening on Sunday se'nnight, a shock of an earth-
quake was felt here. At some houses the shock was much more
perceptible than at others. Many persons thought that a prin-
cipal beam had given way; and others that some person was
iu their houses. In the shops the articles seemed falling; and
the scales were put in motion. Many were engaged in ex-
amining their premises in the utmost alarm. Mr. Hurst's hail-
bell rung; at Donnie, the pictures moved, and a bird fell from
the perch in the cage. At Sir T. Shelley's and Mr. Tredcroft's
they were much alarmed. We were among those who knew
nothing of it till the next morning."
The wheat in the fields in the hilly parts of Gloucestershire
is looking very thin in the blade, and very scanty. In Berk-
shire the wheat is looking remarkably well; and, in conse-
quence of the last few fine days, the farmers are very busy
ploughing for and sowing their barley. In the former comity
the season has been hitherto very favourable, and a little fine
weather would do a great deal of good.
DiumxiviNess.—List of drunken persons taken Into custody by the
Metropolitan police, and discharged when sober by the superinten-
dents,- during 1832 ;
Males. Females.
January 1,189 826
February 1,178 743
March 1,187 710 St. David's 155, & St. Patrick's 17th.
April 1,149 693
May 1,202 729
June 1,244 780
July 1,355 981)
August. 1,.303 935
Seplember 1,299 970
October 1,549 1,1197
November 1,353 879 St. Andrew's day, Nov. 30.
December 1,4.13 934

15,411 10,291

.We are sorry to announce the death of Mr. Forbes Hunter
Blair, late candidate for the representation of Edinburgh. Mr.
Blair was a man of integrity and honour, and greatly respected
by a large circle of friends.—EdinburyllEvening Courant.

ONE CAUSE OF THE INCREASE OF COUNTY RATES.-At
the Pontefract Sessions, Thomas Stott was charged with steal-
ing seven eggs from Samuel Thornton, of Skipton. Lord
Wharnclitfe declared that it was the most trifling thing he had
ever seen brought before a county court. Th prosecution
alone would cost the county Li Bs. 2d. besides other expenses,
—or, iirtother words, above one guinea per egg.

A TROUBLESOME FAMILY.—At the Pontefract Sessions last
week, Hannah Oxley, the wife of John Oxley, of Knottingley,
waterman, was sentenced to be transported seven years for
stealing a shoulder of mutton, the property of Charles Smith.
The prisoner is the sister of Law, one of the men who were
executed at York on Saturday week, fur the robbery of Mr.
Atkinson, near Pontefract. Another of her brothers, named
James Law, was transported for seven years at the last Mi-
chaelmas Sessions for the West-Riding, held at Sheffield.—
Some few years ago, her father was transported for seven years
—he served his time and then returned to Knottingley, but
was shortly afterwards again convicted of felony, and tran-
sported for life. Fortunately for the public, the prisoner,
Hannah Oxley, was the last of the family.

CROWN PATRONAGE tN SCOTLAND.—We, some time ago,
stated, that government bad in contemplation a Measure of a
popular nature with regard to the crown livings. This measure
is now on the point of being carried into effect; and, although
we cannot yet speak with absolute precision as to its details, we
may venture to state what will, in all probability, be its general
features. 1. It will be confined entirely to the crown livings,
which, however, amount to one-third of all the livings in Scot-
land. 2. As a new regulation on the subject of presentees is
expected from the church itself, where such a regulation ought
to originate, the measure will probably not be introduced into
Porliament, but will be effected by an order of the Privy Coun-
cil, as a mere temporary arrangement. 3. Government will
not give up its patronage, but will select its own nominee, and
offer him for the approbation or disapprobation of the commu-
nicants. 4. if a majority of the communicants do not disap-
prove, theruomination will be rendered absolute ; if they do, a
new nominee will be selected by government. 5. Should two
government nominees be rejected, the third nomination will,
probably, be made absolute at once, a presentation being issued
without allowing the communicants any previous -voiee. This
will throw the question on the church courts, and bring into
operation the ordinary forms. Some such plan as this has, we
know, been under the consideration of government. Whether
or not they will adopt it without modification, is uncertain ; but
as a vacancy in a crown living has. within the last fortnight,
taken place in Annandale, we have little doubt that before this
vacancy is filled up, the cabinet scheme will be made known,
and that the rule adopted, whatever it may. be, will be imme-
diately carried into execution.-1)/onfries Journal.

The reader is aware that a statistical account of Scotland is
in preparation under the patronage of the sons of the clergy.
In various arabte districts in Annandale, the ministers have
been at all due pains in resolving the queries put, and otherwise
grappling with the statistics of their respective parishes, and
one rather curious result has appeared, nut in one, but in a con-
siderable number of coincident instances—namely, that in every
parish not belonging to a sheep-walk district, hut where the
land is for the most part arable, and where the ordinary rota-
tion of cropping is practicable—the gross produce is equal to
three times the rent. This fact, which in itself is highly pleas-
is the more valuable inasmuch as it seems to imply a gra-
dual returrrto the olden and more healthy state of things, that
is, before tricks were played with the currency, and the seeds of
lasting mischief sown to effect a temporary purpose. The old
rule was, three rents, one to the laird, one to the tenant, and
one for seed and labour. A fairer division, as regards the par-
ties or the good of the community, cannot well be imagined,
and we are delighted to record a coming back which reminds
us of the ark after all its wanderings settling on the summit of
'Mount Ararat.—Dumfries Courier.

Long and _ far has the romantic and beautiful scenery of
Lochgoil been famed, and its enchanting influence acknow-
ledged, but seldom have they been more beautifully displayed
than upon Tuesday last, when I had the satisfaction to witness
the hymeneal knot tied on board the St. Catherine. I under-
stood that the performance of this ceremony was the effect of
the accidental presence of the Rev. Gentleman who married
the happy pair. The martial music of the bag-pipes, combined
with the fineness of the weather and the pleasing scenery,
proved irresistible! and as there is no effect without sufficient
cause, I would recommend to your fair readers to .speculate on
Lochgoil.--Glasgow Herald.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANSION HOUSE.

Gedge, the old seaman, who, a few days ago, was brought be,
fore the Lord Mayor, in consequence of having partaken of top
liberal a glass, called to inform his Lordship that he had ar-
ranged matters with.a banker in Lombard-street, and that if hia
Lordship would be so good as to hand over the £l5 to the esta-
blishment, due care would be taken to transmit it safe to Nor-
wich.

The Lord Mayor—l am very glad to find that you have fol-
lowed my advice, for you are a very good fellow.
The sailor laughed, and rubbed his hand across his face.
The Lord Mayor—Eh! have you kept within bounds since?
The sailor shook his head.
Policeman—My Lord, he was agreat deal worse the night of
the day:he was before you, and still worse than that last night.
('Laughter.)
The sailor—Please your honour, you'll recollect I made no
Promise. You can't say I-broke my word.
The policeman—He was going off to the country on the day
your Lordship discharged him, but he said "No, I can't go until
I take one glass to the Lord Mayor's health, so one glass brought
on another, and I left him finding that it was impossible to do
anything with him. (Laughter.)
Th,e sailor—Why. you see, my Lord, I couldn't help drinking
success to you, for if it wasn't for your officers I wouldn't have
a halfpenny left; and so, after I drank your health, I knew it
would be bad manners not to drink the hcaith of my Lady.
(Great Laughter.)
The Lord Mayor—We could have both excused you if you
bad waited -till you got home, or if you had drank our healths
in water.

The sailor—Water! No, your honour, you'll not catch me
at that sort of work. I'd be a pretty sort of a lubber to drink
you and your Lady cold without. (Laughter.)
Poticeman—My Lord, I found -him treating a set of cabmen
and queer women, and lie was giving his money away as we,ll,
The sailor—Why, to be sure, I was keeping:the boys from
their work, and why shouldn't I pay them for their lost time ?
The Lord Mayor—Well, will you promise not to get tipsy to-
night, but to go straight to the coach office, and from thence
home,to Norwich ? _

The sailor reflected for a. little while. At last striking the ta-
ble before him with his knuckles, he put his hand into his pocket,
pulled out all the money he •had,and handing it respectiullyto
the Lord Mayor, said, "I will promise you, -my Lord."
The Lord -Mayor—why this Makes the sum £2O. Had you
not better keep a little money about you ?
The sailor—No, please your honour, not a sixpence, for I'a-e
given you my word, and i .won't break it.
The conduct of this veteran son.of Neptune during the whole
of a long interview. with the. Lord Mayor ,excited the veatest
admiration in the crowd.,

NORTHERN DJUSIQN OF I,4INCASTER:

JLE-.EIeRCITIILNI _OF. MIL.STAIsiLreVe
On Friday the special county court for the election of a knight
of the Shire for the Northern Division Of this county, in . the
room of the Right Hon. E. G. S. Stanley, who has acceptedeas
our readers are already aware, the office of seeretaryofstate for
the Colonies, was held in Nisi Prius Court in Lancaster.
A few minutes before ten the right lion. gentleman, accom-
panied by
.a large. party of supporters, arrived in Court, and was
greeted with loud cheers by the crowd, The galleries and the
'barristers' seats being graced with ladies of beauty and fashion.
Shortly after, the High Sheriff, Sir John Gerard, Bart., the
Assessor, and the UnifereSheriffs, took their-seats, -when, after..
the usual prelinainnries.had been goue through,
P. E. cowneley, Esq., of Towneley, and Wm. Towneles.
Esq., pf Townhead, in brief epe.echee, proposed and secondect
the Right Hon. E. G. S. Stanley. After a short pause, nootber
candidate being proposed,
Mr. Stanley'(who was dressed in the uniform of a minister
state) then came forward to address the electors, He said a
constitutional jealousy which had been well described by We
hon. friend, who did him the honour to second his nominution,
which prescribed that every man who accepts en office, making
him in any degree dependent on the crown, should again appear
before his constituents in order to ascertain from thecsi whether
they think the acceptance of such office renders him less quali-
fied to fill the honourable—the high distinction of one of theste-
presentatives of the people (Cheers.) It was that acceptance:
of office which perhaps pushed to an unnecessary extreme when
a minister merely changed office which renders him neither
more nor less dependent on the crown ;—it was that which called
upon him to come before them so short a period after his elec-
tion, again to lay claim to the honour of representing their iie-
tereste in parliament—he came before them without hesitation,
and he might be allowed to add without fear. (Cheers. Vs hen
it was his Majesty's gracious pleasure to call upon him to fitfaci
office requiring the exertion of every faetilly-o€the-mind in per-
formance of some of the most arduous duties which a putdSe
man can be charged with, he at once nesepted that station, and
ventured to throw himself again upon his constituents, satisfied
in his own conscience that since he was unchanged, and that
they who so lately entrusted him with their interests were a
constituency too enlightened to have changed their mind re-
Teeing him when he had not altered his conduct. (AN:anuses)
Therefore he again boldly came before them to claim that con-
fidence, knowing and feeling how difficult a task he was called
upon to fulfil. His friend had said that his duties were such- as
might well be appalliug to any mind who undertook there._ he
undertook them with a full conviction of the arduousness and
difficulty attached to a performance of them,- and with a fell
determination to endeavour to remove all the conflicting digii-
culties attendant on the measures to be brought forward, and-to
endeavour to reconcile men to the changes. But there was-one
duty to which he must advert, although it was impossible for
him not to entertain the same views which his Majesty's govern,
ment did, feeling that he was the ti inter of the cram upon
whom would devolve the Usk of proposing, in a very short time,
the measure which was in contemplatten- upon that important
subject. It was a question in which persons whose interests
were concerned, and in a high state of great embarrassment
and difficulty; it was a question in which the interests of hn-
manity—the strong feelings of religion, and in which all the
manly feelings of Englishmen were embarked to bring it to a
final and satisfactory conclusion. Between alarm respecting the
security of property on the one-bawl—between those who hail
been in a high state of difficulty, who were in dread of any
measure increasing that embarrassment, and the.araeot wishes
of others, it was Almost impossible for any government to pur-
sue a satisfactory course. Vet with an ardent desire to set t
matter at rest, and to fulfil the pledge given ire his noble col-
league, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, that they should
propose to parliament a measure which should at once be sap
and satisfactory, and he might take the liberty of adding,
comment of his own, that no measure can be safe or satisfae-
factory which is net founded upon the principles of equity ski
justice, and which did not carry with it something of a decisive
character—which should make it not a matter of probability
but of certainty, that sooner or later the people of .Englied
shall see the termination of negro slavery. (Applause.)' This
had been the object entertained fondly and ardently by the peo-
ple of England—to which
.parliament had been pledged far
many years by their resolutions, but he did not think they had
been carried into effect as rapidly and as firmly as they ought
to have been. He, however, felt that goverument wag' bOliaill
to look to the accomplishment of the wishes :and feelings of
the people of this country as well us to the security of property.
There was perhaps only another point connected with!-the
peculiar duties of his office on which it was necessary for him
to remark—he meant a question which wits . eernestly watched
by the people of this country—namely, the mitigation of the
criminal code. The manner in which the punishment of death.
was made the legal penalty for a vast number pf offences- iii
which it was never carried into effect, while it renders the end*
harsh ILIA sanguinary in its character, "gave a stimulus to
crime, in consequence of offences being passed with impunity.
But this was a question of the greatest difficulty, and doubts
were entertained as to what should be the degree of secondary
punishment, andluny thateshould be instituted in order that,iti
might follow close on the heels of crime. The Manner in whic -
that would come under his consideration was in consequence of
transportation to our penal colonies, and he was :luscious to
afford every means of distinguishing between those persons who
were convicted of light and those of heavy offences, and while
transportation should be light to 'the formes, be would take
care that to the latter should it be any thing but a boon; and
should, in reality, be one of the most aggravated sentences
which can be passedupon a person short of the infliction of the
punishment of death. (Cheers.) The right hon. gent.-then
referred to the Disturbances in Ireland Bill, and said he regret-
ted in common with every ope that it should have been neces-
sary to go out of the constitution and beyond the powers of
the law for the purpose either of putting dcoin crime or protect-
ing innocence; but when it was clearly proved that the spirit of
insubordination was so strong that there was no liberty exempt
the liberty of committing crime—that there was no security ex-
c.ept for the parties who committed crime—no objects of pity-
except those who -were the attackers of property—that the poor
and helpless were the objects of persecution; they felt that the
real friends of liberty were those who secured to .‘every man this
free exercise of his opinion—of managing his :property—of fol-
lowing peaceably his occupation—and that in applying to Par-
liament for those powers they were, in fact, preserving the con-
stitution. (Cheers.) They shrunk not then from the task, bit
threw themselves Air support upon the people as he did then
upon them, to say whether they did wantonly—unnecessarily
—and violently go beyond the laws, and whether under the cir-
cumstances they were not justified in doing so. (Applause.)
-He regretted that so much of the time of parliament had been
taken up with the discussion of that question that little else had
been done, but sufficient had been announced to enable them
to judge of the intentions of ministers. There was one point
connected with the expenditure of the country ou which be
begged to say a few words. When he addressed them a few
months ago at the late election, he stated that large reductions
had been wade in the naval department of the country, and
that although they were threatened with troubles which have
an alarming aspect, so that it was necessary to keep. the navy
upon such a footing as not to impair its efficiency in case of
its being necessary to put it into actual service,—and no Eng-
lishman would wish to see its glory tarnished,—yet even under
those circumstances it had been the good fortune, and pel haps
he might be allowed to add—the good management of his hon.
colleague who presides over that department, to make a redue-
tion of one million belowthe estimate of tiny of his pfedecessms
in office. That reduction had been followed by a further re-
duction in the 'same- department of -E270,000. 'ln the army also
there had been a reduction of £220,000, and it was in esontZim-
plation -to carry it further by nearly £500,000. These .were -the
only estimates yet laid before parliament, but he might refer to
them as an earnest of the -intentions of :ministers .that they
would carry every measure of economy into effect, which.
they could, without impairing the naval -the militerye—or
the commercial - resources of this great empire: (Cheers.)
He was not aware that there was any other point on which he
need trouble them, haying been so recently 'before them on a
similar occasion. He came before them again, ernetine that
they would not withdraw that confidence from him which they
had hitherto reposed in Icim, certain that in sending him to par-
liament ae their-representative they were not electing Win to
any sinecure office—he could not lay claim to thatenclenaene,
although he:must:plena guilty. to being
„a placeman. (Cheers
And laughter.) He was convinced thatin taking office he bad
duties to perform which would occupy every moment of.his time
—duties, in -the performance of which he was determined to,de-
vote:every hour of his time and every faculty of his tylrid, end.
he wae :sure they would again place confidence in him by esn-
trueting-their interests in pis hands as their ieptesentative in
parliafuent. (Continued cheers.)
The High Sheriff then declared the right hon. gent. duly
elected, and lie, in returning thanks, regretted that be was Ob-
litsedto leave them in the course of the (say.
Thauks were voted to the High Sheriff, and the court -ad-
j otirued.

COVALTS A T...Forty-fous officers, from 01e halfppylist,
are to be immediately commissioned to
.act as numbers of *the
Courts' Martial, to b 0 held under the Coercio hey ale
not to belong to any regiment doing duty in Ireland.
