WALTER, theyi

Doubly dying, have gave down
. To the vile earth from whence they sprung,
Unwept, unhonoured, and unsung—
there to lie and rot and be forgotten. NAPOLEON
perished—they have disappeared ; he died on a blasted
rock ; they, or at least a large portion of them, in gaol
or in a penal settlement. We admit there are a few sur-
vivors—a few miserable old fools, who write dotard pa-

ragraphs in newspapers—poor pantaloons slavering over
their gaping coffins--disappointed hacks drawing cord-
bound and broken down jingles, running upon ungreasec
axletrees and creaking wheels—there are a few such rem-
nants of the admirers of the French revolution who claim
our pity ; but bad as the times are, public sentiment has
undergone a change for the better. The old whig party
has almost entirely sunk into oblivion. There cannot
be more than thirty or forty persons in either house of
parliament who acknowledge or profess the principles of
.the whigs who made the Prince of WALES their victim,
and who rested their popularity upon their affected re.
verence for the constitution, and.their avowed regard for
the principles recognised at the revolution of 1688. No,
our modern whigs have thrown off all disguise. They
aim at republicanism and popery. They are friendly to
the one for the sake of popularity ; they advocate the
other for the sake of place. In England they are re-
formers, in ScOtland they are renovators, in Ireland they
are restorers. The country is therefore divided into two
great parties—the conservatives and the destructives.
The old principles of the. R.USSELLS, CAVENDISHES,
GROV,ILLES„ PETTXS., FOXES, HOWARDS, WINDHAMS,
and such names, are entirely abandoned ; and the sen-
timents which the-modern whigs now inculcate are di-
rected against the church and the monarchy itself with
as much unrelenting and inveterate malignity as was
evinced by the roundheads in the days of CHARLES the
FIRST. _ _

The old whigs were the open enemies of popery.—
They were honest in their enmity to that debasing super-
stition ; because experience taught them that it nGt only
was repulsive to national liberty, but that it made, for the
sake of rapine, and imposition, for the sake of penances
and fees, bribes against purgatory, and purchases of re-
deemable securities against hell and crime, the people
subSerVient to the priest, and taught them to disregard
the mandates of the civil magistrate. The old whigs did
not love popularity so much as they hated popery. Per-
haps their popularity and their hatred were reluctantly
derived from the same origin ; but this it would be illi-
beral and unreasonable to assume. All we know for cer-
tainty is that the whigs are now nearer republicanism
than ever the tories, in their highest days, were near ab-
solutism. Popery is pure despotism, and the whigs pro-
fessing liberal opinions are wedded to popery. Popery
in all countries is tyranny. It is so in the United States of
America—it is so in Canada--it is so in Ireland, as in Por-
tugal, and Spain—and we may rest assured that whatever
liberal form it assumes, it is assumed to advance its de-
vastating and demoralising influence, and reduce the
mass of mankind to a hopeless and helpless state of

slavery.
But we have dwelt too long on this. The interfer,
ence of the O'CONNELL and MELBOURNE administration
in the affairs of Spain and in behalf of FERDINAND the
furnishes a clue to the contemplated measures of
Lord JOHN RUSSELL, and the degrading conditions im-
posed upon him by O'CONNELL, the representative and
the slave of the priests of Ireland. It will take some
time to unravel the mysteries of this unhallowed combi-
nation so as to make them intelligible to the people ge-
nerally. It would therefore be wrong to anticipate con-
viction by any discl\osures which might be deemed unpa-
latable. All that we have to urge is that our readers'
will b good enough to keep their eyes open to the march
of events. Let them, if they please, consider the events
which have or may occur in Spain as mere contentions,
and political movements. It will be our business, by and
Asy7-tersturvr-rhartfrry-fivs of -a-religions: siaaracter. - Ati-
this will be made apparent in the sequel.
In the mean time let. us consilh4r the circumstances un-
der which this fraudulent and dishonourable war has com-
menced; and, judging by its dishonour and the baseness
of its promoters, let us ponder gravely and deliberately
upon the effects of its operation on the peace of Europe.
First, then, England has de facto interfered by force
of arms in the Spanish quarrel. The ministerial journals
within the last few days have boasted that the Queen's
troops in Bilboa had received essential succour from a
nu,.iber of sailors and marines landed from one of his
*Majesty's ships of war. It will not do to tell us that the
government of England has only taken a permissive part
in the war in favour of British subjects. Lord MEL-
BOURNE has confessed that money and arms have been
supplied, end that the guarantee for. their repayment is
the honour of the Spanish government. To disguise the
•Inatter is both mean and dishonourable. If the King of
. England be bound by treaty to support ISABELLA, let his
Majesty be advised to do so openly, courageously, in the
face of the world, and in the name and with the consent
of his two houses of parliament. If not bound, then is
the present interference not only unjust, it is an insult to
the name, the pride, the fame, the honour, and people of
England.
On the other hand, France, too, has interfered. The
Prefect of the Seine, at Paris, has issued his proclamation
;in favour of this mercenary war. The King. of BELGIUM
has refused, for reasons which perhaps the King of Hot-
LAND and the King of PRUSSIA could explain. But be
this as it niay, we have England and France fairly com-
promised, and fully identified with the war in favour of
ISABELLA.
Now comes the question :—Are these the only powers
who are to be suffered to interpose by means of their
mercenary subjects ? Are we to believe that the sove-
reigns of Austria, Russia, Prussia, and Holland are
'totally uninterested in this contest ? May they not deem
Don CARLOS the more legitimate claimant, and deeming
so, may they not concern themselves in his favour ? It
is true that, situated as Spain is, they are not likely to
fit out an armament, guarded as the coasts are by Eng-
lish and Fiencli ships. But surely they will be permit-
ted to act upon the example set them by the governments
of London and' Paris. The throne of Belgium is not
founded upon the rock of ages. LEOPOLD yet wears a
questionable crown. He is not vet recognized by
Dutch King, whose territories have been wrested from
him by usurpation and the force of French arms. It is
quite possible, therefore, that the; northern potentates
may reconsider this question, and do for the legitimate
,King of the Netherlands what England and France are
'doing for the unrecognized legitimate Queen of Spain.
But, View the question which way we may, it is beset
with difficulties so great, that it would not astonish us if
they were to, lead to a European war. Spain is not a
paltry country,hardly better than a province, as Portugal
is. It is of mighty import who is King of Spain. It is
of vast consideration to know whether Spain is to be
revolutionized as• France has been, and a new democracy
armed against the settled monarchies of Europe. Lo.rd
DURHAM will, of course, be instructed to reconcile the
Emperor NICHOLAS to the interference; hut we suspect
the amiable earl will arrive when it is too late.

We have been favoured with the following extract of a
letter received here yesterday, and brought by his Majes-
ty's ship Melville, which has arrived at Portsmouth from
Bombay. The letter is dated Bombay, 17th March,
1835 : •
"To-day several rupees advance on our highest quotations
are demanded, or rather have hewn refused, and, we are led to
believe that very high prices were paying, and bast accounts
from the northward in consequence of the vex V great injury
done to the crops by the frost. It is said whole fields have been ,
totally destroyed in one night, and if this turns out true our'
prOspecis must charge very much, as the previous accounts
from the Dbollera, Oita. and Altingro:c districts were such as
to lead us to look for an etevilent crop from these quarters."

The official returns of the revenue for the quarter and
year ended on the 4th instant, have been published.
They exhibit a decrease on the quarter of 4656,407,
and on the year decrease of 41,758,886, This is not
