LOLVDON GAZETTE.-TUESDAY, AUGUST 18.

Joan . BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED.
Bishton, Langley Field, Shropshire. EDEN .aster.
Wilr BANKRUPTS.
„, sl,s4rn Lewis. Liverpool, merchant, to surrender August 2,1, and
iii," ~J, at eleven, at the Court of Bankruptcy. Attorney, Mr. Cross,
Yer-street. Strand.
‘-;
,:lailr:nbraloranßitaohokrnins: Li
Live rpverpoolool. . joAttorneyiner, Seps, Messrs.t. 14. and 2,9, at one, at the
Blackstock and
1., Inner TeAnTile. London ; and Messrs..l3rabner and Co., Liverpool_
°flu's Hutton, Piccadilly, London, baker. • •
mChard Penning..., Chancery-lane; London. law-stationer.
_ tchael Myers, Saint Peter's-alley, Cornhill, fishmonger.
yohert Peel, Halifax, card•maker. ..
J` Brown,
Slack, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, ship and insurance-broker.
e'"41,,„ ,-Brown, Corbridge. Northumberland, spirit-merchant.
frtesdver, Ilockwold-cum- Wilton. Norfolk, grocer.
,°lln Keamley, Chortey, Lancashire, flo,ir-dealer. . . .
"Iniel Evans; Newport, Monmouthshire, tailor. ..
Williarri Han-keg. Macclesfield. and Joseph Hankes, Choriton-upon-
''ecllock, Lancashire, corn-dealers.

• DIVIDENDS. • -
tiSellt, Tcmilinson, Liverpool, coal-merchant, at twelve. at the
oal!ndon-huildinp, South Jultn-street, Liverpool—Sept. 8, G. Lep.
„rtudrn. London. provision-mercbant—Sept. 8, J. Cazenove, London,
14, Sept. 8, J. Dillon and A. St‘swart, London. wine-
, _ltersSept. 10, Davis, London, upholsterer—Seht. 10, G. Diack,
70„Id‘*11, furniture vrarehouseman--Se4t. 10, T. C. Haw kes, London,
11',7,rnerchant—Sept. 29, 0. D. Ward, anchester, merchant—Sept.
• Mender, Warwick, victualler—Sept. 12, J. Knight, Hastings,
H3nkeeper—Sept. 9. G. Boyce, Tiverton, bookseller.
CERTIFICATES.—SEPTIDI amt. 8.
1)a, • Turner, Bermondsey, paper-manufactnrer --T. Coleman,
ruiston, Stafford, nail-master—S. Ashby, London, flour-dealer—
Archbold, Ratcliffe Cross, sugar-reAner—W. Lovett, Chester-
_ victualler—J. Pumice and M. Andrew, London. warehousemen
Higgins, Scarborough
pap er, miller--G. Goble, London, hop-factor—
Andrews, Bristol. -miller
•

'be liiberpool ,F:tanbarb.

FRIDAY MORNING, AUGUST 21, (535.

tie
have received, via Falmouth, Jamaica papers to
the 11th July. They notice a violent shock of an earth-
:rake *hid' took place at Savannah-la-Mar on the 3d
ItlY• -The most important circumstance, however, which
these papers communicate is the rapid and alarming in-
creace of crime in the island. Sir JOSHUA ROSE, in his
-charge to the grand. jury at Montego Bay on the 6th July,
'aY; " I cannot help expressing the regret of the court
at the great increase of crime. What it arises from Ido
not know!: but it will be your duty to take such steps as
You may think proper, from the circumstances which may
come to your knowledge, ;o prevent this increase of
Sir JOSHUA ROWE, we suspect, has a tolerably good
guess of the cause of this increase of crime in Jamaica,
but he does• not choose to let it out. Would it be any
stretch of the conscience to say, that vice is produced by
41 excess of iiberty—that idleness leads to immorality
44d to crime? Since the passing of the emancipation bill
Murders are not uncommon—midnight robbery, once so
relare• is now frequent. Houses and shops' in the imme-
diate vicinity of Lord SLIGO'S residence have been broken
°pen and plundered, so that the security of property is
'l°l'r at an end. The black who refuses to work must
Still procure, in some way or other, the means of subsist-
ence, and the easiest way to obtain it is to steal. The
following are a few extracts from the Jamaica Despatch
of the 10th July:—

THE INSURGENTS OF FORT-PRAYA.

The United- States district attorney arrived at Norfolk on
S"clay last, and after consultation with the mayor of the bo-
t''ugh. the latter issued a warrant for •the apprehension of the
Portuguese officers and soldiers who arrived at that place in the
13razilian schooner Boa Nova, from Port-Praya, via St. Thomas.
The mayor issued his warrant on the oath of Bernardo Reggie,
who certifies that the said officers and crew committed an act ( f
%iracy on his vessel lying in a small bay on the coast of the
'Bland of Bravo, one of the Cape de Verds, at a time specified
therein, and about fifty.of the crew were accordingly committed
to gaol preparatory to-the holding of a court of examination.
It is rumoured that the officers of the detachment, getting
Rind of the design to apprehend thero;departed in the steam-
boat South Carolina, for Charleston, S. C. In the afternoon
the} Were examined before the mayor in the presence of the
district attorney and the Portuguese vice-consul, and duly
"%ruined.

. • EMIGRANT VILLAGE IN ST. GRORGF..
We are happy to state that Dr. Maxwell, one of the most
Pitriotic men in the island, has opened a subscription for the
i*Pose of establishing a village fur BritiSh eMigraats in a cen-
tral and healthy part of the parish. The sum of £5OO is already
'tlbseribed, with every confidence that the plan will succeed.

His Excellency the Governor has been pleased to appoint
iiliaur Fiater, Esq., one of the members of assembly for Tre-
irii,ftY, custos of that parish in the room of William Miller,
''B(l., who has left the island. The governor has, for once dur-
ing his administration, conferred an appointment which will be
most popular throughout the island. Mr. Frater's indepen-
dence of character is well-known, and we feel assured that, if he
eannot retain his present high officeo.vithout compromising his
Principles, he will instantly abandon it.

The accounts by the, post are of the usual unsatisfactory elle-
l'acter- The negroes, dear souls, are not to work in the rain!
and the time thus lost to the masters is to be considered as part
• the 4O hours' labour fur the week ! The stock, such as
horses. mules, &c., belonging to apprentices are not to be taxed.
So his excellency writes to the several parochial vestries. But,
it these public bodies allow themselves to be scribbled out of
their usefulness in protecting the rights of their constituents,
they are unworthy of the trust confided to them. In Ireland, it
is true, day-labourers are never indulged with the use of a horse
for their personal convenience; but, if such an act of comfort
11141 Possible, the tax-gatherer would very coon have poor Pat's
horse or his money. But here, for no earthly reason that we
4,* aware of, except one, and that a black one, the apprentices,
Ith" ride their horses to church and market, are to be exempt
from the island tax ! The next order of the governor, we pre-
attaie, wiil be to declare the negro grounds forfeited to the
present cultivators.• In short, we ere prepared for anything and
lqerything, however ridiculous and unjust.

Lieutenant. Macdonald, late of the Firefly, with patt of his
"ew, had arrived at Rermuda, and were waiting to be tried for
The loss of that vessel off the coast of Honduras. The following
additional particulars of the loss of the Firefly are given in the
11°Ya/ Gazette of the 9th of June:—
" The Firefly got on the Triangles at night during the first
watch, and, after every effort to get her off proved ineffectual,
Lieut. Macdonald despatched the cutter, with Captain West,
"the Royal Engineers, his son, and servant, and the gig, with
Mr.. Lockyer, first mate, the assistant-surgeon, and four men,
tztaki the best of their way to Belize for assistance. Captain
I'VeSt, it-seems, subsequently persuaded Mr. Lockyer to take
hil4 h.
,-, lc gin, and servant into the gig; and to this imprudent
61mo:festal:tee, the boat being overloaded; is attributed the loss
at the gig and the whole of the persons in her. A norther came
0n soon after, and Lieut.. Macdonald and ten seamen, all that
rained, were compelled to leave the wreck on a raft, and sue-
edetl in reaching the' coast. Lieut. M. was taken ill shortly
trrer he landed, and, being unable to accompany the others to
Was cruelly abandoned to his fate miserably to perish!
'When he was discovered by the party sent 'by Colonel Cock-
h4to, he was in a deplorable condition; in short, his sufferings
,
eleven days were beyond description."

4.-)ur latest advices from Demerara reach to the 2d
July'• The Guiana Chronicle makes 'the same corn-
laints of the increase of crime as we have adverted to in
tife Jamaica papers. It asks

What has caused, we would ask, the increased and increasing
nuinlaers of robberies both in town and country? Can we not
Peel% trace them to the circumstance of there being numbers
indelent, lazy rascals, freed by the emancipation act, who,
having no reputable employment, or, rather disdaining such an
"nest source of livelihood, resort to plunder and peculation, as
lAo sole remaining means of existence ? To prevent this, our
Priiiee, were they even ten times more efficient than they are,
4r.letally unable; and, in fact, without a registration bill, and
vagrant act, the exertions of a Fouch6, or a Vidocq, would
Prove unequal to the task. If the peace, then, of this cora-
'nullity is to be maintained, and life and property are to be pro-
perly secured, the,se measures of legislation we must have, and
11,1 A too, speedily. Robbery and peculation in the majority of
Iptances amongst these people, have supplied the places, and
finished those means, which industry, sobriety, and good con-
duct, ought alone to have obtained: This is, indeed, lamentable
to think of, nevertheless, we fear is toe. true a picture to allow
evAla
the most zealous of philanthropists to soften down these
shades of guilt and crime. • .
.pas and 'count4.are alike the scenes-of these idle vagrants'
• eltplaits--the merchant in the one and the planter in the other.
lire'vietitns of these leviersof black mail.- In the town, the
-tee ire nightly broken opon and plundered, and 'hi ProPrIJ
Wstoiduous and indattrions merchant is made to furtnsh
7'44 the fr.evils if them pkecally film; whnre drinking, gem-
"NA wad sal% r • frod,
en, it* reveitiog kin 4,471- ctinied 00

to an excess that can never he credited by those who have not
before heard of such disgraceful scenes or who have never wit
tressed them. The Scotch proverb says, "that which is lightly
come by is as lightly parted with," and iu the extravagance
and dissipation of these gentry it is strictly verified, for the me-
ney that has been obtained by theft is recklessly squandered by
them with the most lavish profusion ; while half starving mul-
titudes of holiest, but indigent, people, might be made happy
and comfortable with a moiety of what these fellows waste
in low revelling and beastly debauchery.
In the country, the honest and reputable portion of the com-
munity Laic no better from these fellows than their fellow-colon-
ists in town. Swarms of them hover about their estates, ten
times more destructive than the locusts-vests of Egypt;—and
not content with plundering and feeding upon their property,
they corrupt the principles of their gangs, and sow every where
amongst the negroes those vices, in which their carreer in in-
iquity had rendered them masterly proficients.

Lord MELBOURNE has intimated his intention not to
offer any further obstruction to the amendments of the
municipal corporation • bill. What these are will be
found fully reported in 'our parlia,meotary columns. The
noble lord, however, has murmured forth something like
a menace against the bill in its last stage. It will be cu-
rious if Lord MELBOURNE should strangle Lord JonN's

bantling , simply because it appear's in a new dress.
Would it not h^ more respectful to send it home to its
parents in the Comm Ons. They may do with it what
they like. They may strip it and whip it, and order it to
bed ; but they ought to remerhber that it is an only child
—the sole hope and stay of the session. If they strangle
the bill, then the people of England will have leisure to
reflect that they have a House of Commons which has
met and prated, quarrellei and kicked, for seven tedious
months without producing a single legislative measure of
the slightest importance. .I.OIIN SILL generally expects
something for his money, but in this case he would be
paying dearly for nothing—nothing but empty jaw I

Sir JOHN REID, in the House of Commons on MOnday
last, made the following pointed observations, which
strike us as containing far more sense in relation to the
general interests of the country than is to he found in
any speech delivered during the present session of par-
liament. They are as follows :

" Sir J. Reid expressed his regret that the legislature inter-
fered so much with commercial matters, and said that it would'
be a fortunate thing for merchants if the key of the door of that
house should be lost for the next four years."

If this be true as regards the future, as we most sin-
cerely believe, how much more valuable and beneficial
would the rule have been had it applied to the past four
years ? We see and feel what the country has suffered,
and more particularly what merchants have suffered,
since the whigs came into power; and estimating their
power of doing mischief and initiating revolution by
what they have already accomplished, we well may trem-
ble for.all that is sacred, noble, and precious in the insti-
tutions of the kingdom, if the same party are permitted
much longer to rob the higher and middle orders, and
trample upon the rights and liberties of the lower classes.
Our only consolation is that the reign of the whigs is near
its close. Of their ministerial acts and deeds, their jobs
and frauds, their schemes of plunder and their volumes
of falsehood, all honest men are now heartily sick. The
King has no confidence in his servants. He rarely sees
any one of them ;lie never consults them ; they are not ad-
mitted to the palace; they are never found at the rova
board; and, to make the reciprocal indignity as stinging
as possible, his Majesty has no Lord Chancellor to advise
him. on matters of the deepest interest to himself, the
church, and the nation. . How can such a ministry long
remain in power ? They have a miserably small majo-
rity in the HotiSe of Commons, composed of'some thirty
or forty Irish papists, who are at the nod and beck of one
man, and this man is a purchaseable article, the veriest
tool of corruption, a (lependant upon the beggars of Ire 7
land, and cannot be relied upon for a single hour. They
must pay him for his support ; but if it be his interest to.
betray and destroy them, HE WILL. In the upper house
they have only thirty-nine lords to support them against
,a firm phalanx of one huidred and twenty. And of these
thirty-nine peers the majority are the connexions and
dependants of the ministry. What value is there in the.
vote of LOrd. MINTO, or Lord what's-his4itle.? who was
lately called Mr. Irish Secretary LITTLEroN—of Lords
CLANRICARD or TEYNHAM. ? Ministers cannot even se-
cure the sweet voices of a respectable public meeting in
any part of England. The ringleaders of their hole:-
and-corner gatherings are unitarians—men of active ha-
bits and ambitious views, we admit, but who are notori-
ously unprincipled and untrustworthy. The admirers of
these men are the lowest of the -rabble. The signatures
to the petitions they send to parliament are for the most
part fabricated. Names of unknown men are set down
by impustzrs. Lads of the name of SMITH write SMITHS
by scores. A couple of sheets, at a gin-shop or beer-
house, is filled up by the landlord, or by some learned
scribe hired for the purpose. These are called the " pe-
titions of the people ;" in reality they are the petitions
of a few characterless blockheads, who hardly know the
nature of the resolutions they adopt, or the prayer, they
subscribe, and who are urged on to the work of mischief
and dishonesty by popish priests, socinians, and republi-
cans. How, we ask again, can such a ministry, so sup-
ported, or rather so deserted, survive the odium and the
fatality of its own measures ?
On the night when Sir JOHN REID delivered the few
withering and bitterly sarcastic observations which we
have quoted, and which deserve to be written in letters
of gold, and hung up in every merchant's counting-house
in Great Britain—on that night Mr. POULETT THOM-
SON, of tallow celebrity, of Canadian Memel timber cele-
brity, and who is the representative of Manchester,
gave notice of the following resolutions in the House of
Commons :-
I'f:lE3D/tit—CUSTOMS ACTS—RESOLUTIONS REPORTED.

1.--" That upon every pound weight of coffee being the pro-
duce of any British possession within the limits of the East
India Company's charter, and imported from any such posses-
sion, and also, that upon every pound weight of coffee being
the produce of Sierra Leone, and imported from thence, there
be levied and made payable a duty of sixpence, in lien of the
duties now payable upon coffee, the produce of such places re-
spectively.
2.—" That upon every butdiel of rough rice or paddy, the pro-
duce of the West Coast of Africa, and imported from a British
possession on the said coast, there be levied and made payable
a duty of one penny, in lieu of the duty now payable thereon.

3.—" Th►at upon every cwt. of Karl or pot ashes, the produce
of any foreign country, imported from any British possession
in Europe, there be levied and made payable a duty of six
•
" Resolitions agreed to. Bill ordered to be brought in by
Mr. Poulett Thomson and Mr. Baring."

Mark, reader, that these resolutions were moved and
passed only on Tuesday last, which we take to be pretty
near the close of one of the longest and most tedious
sessions upon record—a session of large talk' and no'
work. ' We have, from long professional observation, al-
ways looked with strong suspicion upon ministerial re-
solutions relative to mercantile matters introduced, de-
signedly, of course, at the fag end of a session ; but a
more suspicious one than one of the above never received
the countenance of any minister, or the sanction of any
House of Commons.

Foreign rice, rough, and in the husk, at present pays
a duty of 2s. Gd. the bushel. Foreign rice, not being
rough or in the husk, pays a duty of 15s. the cwt. If
the growth of any British possession the former pays one
penny per quarter, and the latter one shilling the cwt.
This is the law at present.
By Mr. POULETT THOMSON'S new regulations, how-
ever, the duty on rice of British growth is to be increased,
while that'of foreign growth is to be considerably re-
duced. The difference is what 2s. Gd. to the bushel is to
ld. to the quarter.
Now, for whose benefit is this duty on foreign rice to
be reduced ? It is pretended that this rice thus relieved
from a heavy duty is to be the "produce of the West'
Coast of Africa." But what if the West Coast of Africa
should be explained by some clever American friend to
extend to the port of Charleston, in Carolina, or, in other
words,.what is to present the Americans from carrying.
their rice to the vicinity of a British settlement on the
west coast of Africa, introduce it to the said settlement
as African produce, and finally bring it into the. British
market .under the authority of this law ? Nothing
whatever.

There is no protection against this fraud. We all know
what Mr.. l'ainstr TUOWISON meant* by au article im-

t,,T. r._..
.•
~.,.,,,,.a--.ti

polled- from " any particular country. TV' it was
who allowed timbf--r imported from Canada to bear
only the Canada duty.. The consequence was that
Baltic merchants carried Baltic timber to Canada, and
brought it to England, subject • only to the Cana•
dian diity. The. duty on Baltic timber was 555. per
load ; on Canada timber 10s. per load. The revenue of
the country was consequently cheated by this measure of
the difference between those two duties, and the Cana-
dian merchant robbed in due proportion. The fraud was
only interrupted by a threat of Mr. BARING, nosy Lord
ASHBURTON, then President of the Board of Trade in Sir
ROBT. PEEL'S administration; but to this hour no remedial
measure has been introduced by Mr. POULETT THOMSON.
The Baltic speculators have still the power, by law, to
smuggle Baltic timber into England, under the base pre-
test of importing it from his Majesty's possessions in
North America ! !!

This. is a similar trick. We know what Mr. POULETT
THOMSON means by the words imported, from Africa.
Rice, the produce of Carolina, may be brought here from
Africa; the custom-house has only to be satisfied that it
has been brought from Africa, no matter whether from a

quarter where no rice is grown, and instead of exacting
a duty of 2s. 6d. per bushel. the officers of the customs
can only demand one penny per bushel.

Of course East India rice will be thrown overboard
altogether. Those who hold or import it must suffer.
But who are to be benefited by this new commercial re-
gulation ? The Americans, and American speculators.
We, for prudential reasons, do not choose to state what
we believe to be matter of fact in this curious affair. Of
course Mr. POULETT TnomsoN is a disinterested person
altogether. He is a whip, and per inference too noble
minded, too honourable, too just to be concerned in the
vile traffic of benefiting by any speculation in American
rice imported from Africa. But is there no London or
Liverpool house quite alive to the advantage of an early
cargo under the privileges of Mr. TnomsoN's resolution?
Isthere no rice shipped to Africa for. the purpose of being
exported to England? Is no respectable liberal or quaker
awake to the profits of so liberal a concession? Is the
bounty now offered to be unclaimed? Is no good to come
of it to certain persons? Are there no joint risks amongst
enterprising individuals?

These are ugly questions, we admit, but they are not
addressed to Mr. TllomsoN, who is an honourable man.
There is no tallow in the case. Rice is not timber, any
more than Spring Rice is absolute wisdom. The regula-
tion is entirely for the benefit of the country. Cheap
rice is a boon to the poor man who every day has a rice
curry to follow in second course after his red herring or
his Irish stew. It is a necessary accompaniment to
the capon in his pot and the guinea in his pocket. The
poor man must have rice, and POULETT THOMSON gives
it him cheap; nobbtly suffers, no one is robbed, no one
is injured; he alone is benefited. Hang roast beef !
Have you not rice, you dog, almost for nothing? Go
down then upon your knees and thank Mr. POULETT
THOIVISON for unmerited blessings.

The scum of London were collected together on Tues-
day last to celebrate the passing of some vestry act, but
the principal object. was evidently to indulge in beer and
oratory, gin and sedition. Some idea may be formed of
the character of the squad who thus assembled, to the
number of one thousand, when we state that the only
known persons among them who acted as leaders were
JOSEPH HUME, Sir SAMUEL WHALLEY, Mr. WAKLEY,
Mr. WHITTLE HARVEY, the two BULWERS, SHEIL, and
O'CoNNEtx. Sir JOHN CAM Hoßutonsc was likewise
present. and no doubt he went officially to put in a kind
word for his colleagues in affliction.
It is a well known fact, much to the credit of the me-
tropolis, that no respectable Englishman, no matter in
what state of society,, ever attends any meeting which is
disgraced by the presence of O'CONNELL. That is the
reason why the agitator has never succeeded in forming
an English party in this country. The meeting, we make
bold to say, consisted principally of low Irish, and to
them O'CONNELL addressed the following inflammatory
speech

" The hon. and learned gentleman, after aLludingAo'the 'ad-
vantage of having now itministry who were determined to re-
dress the grievances of Ireland, asked what good was that if 200
or 300 individuals were allowed to stand in the way of the
people's rights ? The abuses of corporations were admitted on
all hands; but the House of Lords stood between the people
and that redress. (At this moment a table, on which several
persons were standing, gave way, and the fall produced a tem-
porary interruption to the proceedings.) Mr. O'Connell went
on to say that the table was a little too much crowded, it canted
a little of that regulation which should be extended to the House of
Lords. (Cheers and laughter.) After some further remarks he
added, that 200 or 300 stood in the way of the rights of 30,000,000;
but suppose the 30,000,000 should say they did not want that
200 or 300 ? Suppose that in place of those 209 or 300 lords
thefe were the same number of faded old dames in that house-
the painted remnant of the court of George IV., would not the
people of this country be laughed to scorn if they did not laugh
that body to scorn for interfering with their rights, and what did
it matter to him whether those who were opposed to the people's
rights wore pantaloons or petticoats ? Of the two he Would
prefer the petticoats, but he would laugh the old harridans in
pantaloons to scorn for the attempt to interfere with the people's
rights. Ile spoke as a successful agitator, and he would say to
the people of England agitate until they brought public opinion
to bear on those 200 or 300 ewe who stood in the way of their rights,
and who opposed improvement. After some further remarks, the
hon. and learned gentleman advised the meeting to petition the
House of Commons and the throne, but not to meddle with the
lords. Let them not touch a hair of their heads, t.:ut let their
petitions pray that that useless body, might not be allowed to stand
between the people and their rights."

We ask Lord MELBOURNE, why is this man suffered to
be at large? Why is a vulgar and insolent beggar like
O'CONNELL allowed to insult one of the estates of the
realm, and hold them up to the vengeance of the mob ?
Here is sedition if not treason in every line, uttered too
in the presence of one of the king's ministers, who by his
silence joins in the insult, and is an accessory to the
crime, and yet the man who uttered it is suffered to walk
the streets, and is the chief supporter of the administra-
tion ! We know not what the Lords mean to do, but we
trust there is some one amongst them who has sufficient
courage to bring the seditious harangue of this incendiary
under the notice of the house.

The fellow tells the meeting that they see in him a
'.successful agit:itor," and he advises them to follow his
example, and commence in England those murderous
schemes and horrid outrages which have entailed so much
misery upon the people of Ireland. Are the Lords con-
tent that he should succeed here ?

It is easy to penetrate the cause of O'CoNNELL's fury.
He now perceives that his Irish corporation bill is floored,
and that the popish priests, with himself at their head,
will not be allowed to possess all the borough property,
and monopolize all the borough power of Ireland. He
finds that the hope held out to him of municipal spoliation
is entirely blasted—that his friends in the cabinet cannot
redeem their pledges—and that he must return to Ire-
land as empty as he came. Money they have none to
give him ; and additional power the Lords will not suffer
them to confer, at least by any act of parliament. His
insolence, however, must not be endured any longer.

Some of our readers will perhaps recollect an exhibi-
tion in London a few months ago, at which Lord
BROUGHAM and DANIEL O'CONNELL were the principal
performers. The object of the meeting had some refer-
ence to vulgar excitement upon the question of slavery
in the United State:. That Lord BROUGHAM should
have descended so far as to bandy compliments with one
of the basest and most heartless ruffians of modern times
excited the surprise and the sorrow of many of his best
friends. The whole proceeding was totally inexplicable
upon ordinary grounds. Some said the noble and
learned
victim of an hereditary dis-
temper, and that he courted flattery with an avidity of
appetite whidh only evinces itself tri those of the gentle
sex who crave the indulgence" of eating eandle,ends and
coal cinders.

Be this; believer, as it may, the le aineds;cboofMatter
found himself in very awkward canipany. Me *as in
the verygooSS dubs of ignorance:- He'. *is compelled
to inhale the perfumes of as dirty a set elvish vagrants
as ever danced round a murdered protestant with pitch-,
