CORRESPONDENCE.

TO CORESPONDENTS.
MS DUTIES. A paragraph recently appeared in thi,
PaPer stating that five per cent on the customs' dutie
would be returned on application. This remark only re,
ferred to the t• I • "%V thiLk it riviit tr
duties Drt tin 101•_

.11 •I.IG, • VT . ....
mention this, as some mistakes might possibly arise on the
subject., The paragraph was copied from one of our con
tmporaries.
sill
P"

perceive that we have availed ourselves of his corn.
iniMication. We shall be very happy to accede to his pro.
pos!tion, and shall feel obliged by his future favours on the
, topics referred to.
Cnn " M.," who writes from Lancaster, refer us to ar
authentic report of a legal decision on the qui-
he mentions?

stion c; filet;

PROM OUR PARIS CORRE

PONDENT,

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVEf4POOL STANDARD.

Rue de Bone children Bth September, 1840.
DEAR STANDARD,—The of la jeane France are
again qn bad terms with the beads of the administration. No
°tie can

!Ina, for eve7vonea of the ouvric
in his possession, so it co")
actuated thp—

reason for their outrageous con-

.I not hat

been di

;s that

uespectable cafes that these itneutes emanated from a
Marietil,glir source, and, consequently, they calCulated on carrying
sby a coop de main. But I am happy to apprise you that
these racailles, who have thus disturbed the tranquillity of
the naetropolis for these three days past, have all returned to
their _

with hundreds of a,rresit.
thousands of wort

Yesterday,
....amen perambulated the streets
of the metropolis, in order to excite the populace to an open
revolt. These public perturbators directed their steps towards
the plains of Vavirard,, Haan/rouge, a la Vilette, Pantin,
and u
finally to this abominable faubory St. Antoine, without
the police of the Thiers adminstration stopping their dan-
gerous and diabolical- progress. However, their aspect be-
came so serious' that the police thought proper to make se-
veral arrests. Numerous arrests were also made in tile
Plains of ivri, where the workmen had assembled in great
numbers. The br..”, ,fi,,,tate had dispersed them
without any diffi ulty. The serru iers as well as the e'be-
nistes have faithtuo.) protot.,e,i return to their respective
ate-tiers, and resume their work.
The Journal des Derbats, a most influential organ in
France, complains in severe terms of M. Thiers' doings.
He accuses the government of withholding the news of Com-
modore Napier from the evening. papers, blockading the
coasts of Syria, summoning the Egyptians to evacuate the
territory before the ratification of the treaty which allowed
ten days to - Mehernit Ali Paella to accept the propositions
imposed upon him by the four powers. It is rumoured here
that Naspier's conduct was rash, and might consequently
cause a general war-. The tar•suranione43 the, EgYit'ittirstio%
the lOth of- August. •tel evacuate Syria, when t..et;::
treaty of
was only triade on the 16th to the old vieer.oy,
London : so Tarnems that, the old diplotnatt,t().Pialtnersatoskneitsi
hltindering ag A c hevalier of the legion or ionour .
what the policy of
me the other night in
the Whigs w 4 ? I tol hitn
it in a most clear andd exquis
in French : "Les whips sont
quand ils sont hors du pouvoir.'
laugh, and int'inated to me that L,
tration was any thing but liberal
elainietl A propos, it is • asser
that the pretended note address
Preneh governineot, thugh Gut 4,...
to parties. They all accuse M. Tillers .
;`;`'eutlY relied upon the assurances of Lon
ticeritV towards France. It is »ow ho-
Lord Palmerston bamboo:led a
gaining lime, in order t-

,at William CobbetE define

nerston

1 ; c'est

en great offence

Thiers for the 1
o carry his views into execs

+3 1111pOSNible to deer
and (if .." • .

-. nit shades of opt
against the whig governs
reached Paris this evening.
thetiro of
of Pruss'
then,gly fortified by N.
king of Prussia afte.
as well as its ga
") rrison, are riminn„
a" Place themselves under the tri-colon.
the environs of Sarrelonis, Sarrebruck,
the other places are on the verge of open rebellion .„
Pnissian government—soldiers,-as well as the respective Inhabitants of the above places, are flying on the French
frontiers to fight under the banners
rage. which Napoleon has left
Althem' asn token of valour and co age. Alsace is consequently
90 the vivre the first shot of a British cannon fired on
e
to compel Nlehemit Ali Paella to evacuate Syria,
.'4lll be hailed by the Alsaciens with joy, because they will
",,rt shake off their Prussian slavery. The Journal des
bat has a splendid article on the disposition of the brave
"Ilea
ens. Should Commodore Napier persist in circulating
losez inflammatory proclamations, war will be inevitable. It
was asserted at Tortoni's that the King of the brave Beiges
;lad interceded between in:tient! and France. No such thing.
•rce Thiers is too high spirited to stoop to a third person to in-
tede when the honoar cf France is insulted. Rely on
i?hat lam asserting—war beteer on by ,
the tritish cannons roar re Alexandria, so sure Tillers
towill assume a most formidable aspect. The Chambers are
be convoked immediately, to enable Thiers to lay before
e French nation the memorandum of the treaty of London,
and to act accordingly.
M. Thiers presided a part of Tuesday over the proceedings
at the Prefecture of Police. The chiif command was given
to Marshal Gerard, and the troops on the Boulevards were
Under the command of General Darriule. The troops
• amounted to 50,000. The soldiers were undr ar at t.
benis this afternoon. A report was circulated this mornsg
that a rescue of Prince Louis Napoleon was intended, in
consequence of which the' Prince has been removed to Vin-
cennes. There were 25,000 cabinet-makers, who complained
of new furniture being sold at under prices in. the auction
rooms : they intended to expel both buyers and sellers, but
were dissuaded from doing so by the Police, who has done
in this emergency alt in its power to put down madmen.
Thus ended the tragical proceedings of thousands of mad-
men, who had been put in motion without knowing for what.
Paris is tranquil again, and I am happy to say that the funds
have a little improved to-day, Tuesday.

lug war

rich has been consigned to
the fall of Pvris, its inhabitants,

-..Z*---•-

HEARNE v. STOWELL

Thionville

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL. STANDARD.
The very calamitous result of this unfortunate trial, at thim
Peculiar crisis, induces me to call the attention of the pro-
testant public of the United Kingdom to the following irn-
portant documents ; as affording the most complete refuta-
l!on of the charge of libel, which has been attempted to be
Hll2rown on that excellent champion of protestantism, the Rev.
ugh Stowell, for the obvious purpose of diminishing the
cghience of his pawerful advocacy of the cause of protestant
llstianity and his fearless exposure of the abominable
atry and debasing superstition of the Church of Rome.
the documents alluded to are as follows :
, lst.—The Coronation Oath.
4_;archhishop.l the to
the utmost of your power main-
ftil the laws of God, the true profession of the gospel, and
will protestant reformed religion established by law ? And
you maintain and preserve inviolably the settlement of
th' Church of England and Ireland, and the. doe-
, e, worship, discipline, and government thereof, as by
tat'? established within England and Ireland, and the terri-
4rles thereunto belonging? And will you preserve unto the
churches
and clergy of England and Ireland, and to the
agusrehes there committed to their charge, all such rights
~" Privileges, as by law do, or shall appertain to them, or
any of
lent
King„, (or Queen).—ALL THIS I promise to do.
4Nl.—The Oath of supremacy, taken on admission to
Public offices, by all her Majesty's subjects, being
. members of the established protestant churh.
igor do swear that I do from my heart abhor, detestc,
and ab-
thh& al impious and heretical, that DAMNABLE DOCTRINE
PrylCeS excommunicated or deprived by the pope or any
';_uthority tithe See of Rome, may be deposed or murthered
teuai.l"l rtel that isnuojfecotesei,
foreign
nr any other whatsoever. And Ido de..
prince, person, prelate, state or poten-
rite! hat, to have any jurisdiction, power, supe-
W,,rtqY, eminencepre or authority, ecclesiastical or spiritual,
"ulo this realm.—So help me God.
3"1.----The Oath required to be taken by every clergyman
of the Church of England, at the time of his ordina-
tion, to the ministry.
4,he Bishop.—Will you be ready with all faithful diligence
c.; u,a4i4h and drive away all erroneous and strange doctrines
p'!`rar.ii to God's holy word ; and to use both public and
trate monitions and exhortations, as well to the sick as to
ef
*whole within your cures, as need shall require, and occa-
'wn 04111 be given?
111-uswer.-1 WILL, the Lord being my helper.
Ina uw, sir, ht me fearlessly ask, can any honest rational
t_ for one moment assert, after reading these most impor-
ra.lt documents, (so happily framed by our protestant fore-
ta,,,'",ers, in better times, for the protection of the true pro-
l"Qat faith !) that the rev. defendant. after the fact of the
uPerstitious cruelty imposed on O'Hara had been made
nuwn to him in the authentic form which appeared in the
I).roceedings, could do otherwise, in fulfilment of '°o to the Most High, as well as in discharge of this duty as
minister of the gospel of truth, than to raise his voice
„against the abomination, and to proclaim it from the house
`?Ps and in every place where his influence would reach, to
chew to the protestant public at least, the degrading bondage
of that popish church, which is again attempting by every
artifice in its power, to recover its dominion within this pro-
testant realm ? It is true that had Mr. Striwell omitted the
i'tame of the plaintiff, he might haVe secured himself from the
legal responsibility to which he has been exposed ; but, sir,
Ile is too honest and unflinching a soldier of the cross, to re-
sort to such paltry subterfuges to evade the law. Ile be-
lieved he was speaking the truth, and he gave the account
Just as he received it in the honesty of his heart, without any
evasion or mental reservation, in order that the plaintiff, if
it were not true, might have the opportunity of contradicting
it. Did he do so on the trial? Or did he attempt to prove
that such a penance, as that stated to have been imposed by
him on O'Hara, has not the sanction and authority of the
Church of-Rome, of which he is an officiating priest? Never/
Not one of his witnesses ventured to make any such asser-
tion in the jury box—and if it were capable of proof, why
Was not the question boldly put to them.by the plaintiff's
counsel? Neither has the plaintiff proved that he did not
order it ! The poor bigotted devotee O'Hara himself, it is
said, became (very conveniently) insane and was shut up in
a lunotic asylum, before the trial of the cause : so that the
Piabitiff was happily relieved from recording his evidence on
the
subject, and the defendant was of consequence, deprived
of it, either on original, or cross-examination.
Assuming, then, as I have a right to assume, in the ab-
sence of any evidence to the contrary, that the penance in
question is part of the discipline of the Church of Rome, it
was, no libel on the plaintiff, as a priest of that church, to
t'sY that he had ordered it to be inflicted ; in fact, in the
P°Pish districts of Ireland it is notoriously common, as every
individual of the lower orders of Roman Catholic Irishmen
'cry well knows.
•
tivith regard to the malice, technically charged to Mr.
b"owell by the declaration in the cause, the learned judge,
Core whom the action was' brought, distinctly acquitted
lornid ally intentional malice ;at the same time that his
stated to the jury that in all cases of libel malice
th— "Pli d.
e Had his lordship stopped here, the jury would
leen have had to decide whether what the plaintiff had said
the4„o libel, before the implied malice could have attached to
left defendant. Thus both the law and fact would have been
l'ith the jury, who, in cases of libel, are made by the
we-• Judges of both. But the learned judge unfortunately
~coe step farther. He pronounced the aFtiele corn-
of ,-;:cu of to be a libel, and then the implied malice followed
but uTse ; so that neither of these facts was left to the jury,
to Is°4lY the amount of damages to which the defendant was
Wl,"e liable for this act of implied malice towards a man
Asl:. as I understand, is scarcely personally known to him.
be b` 13 reported, however, that this part of the subject is to
set rr•Qught befOre the superior court, I trust it will yet be
iti
_light, should it appear that the learned judge was wrong
e view which he took of it.
co4,_llcw come, in conclusion, to consider the conduct of the
'no for the defendant on this ,momentous trial—most
ilt,vealurzious as regards the,continuance of the liberty of free
tioth,ltz°,l in support of our protestant religion and institu-
to ha; And here I cannot but lament' what appears to me
counat,e,„been the very indiscreet exercise, by the defendants
re,,'l, of that discretion which was committed to him, in
rested to calling witnesses in his behalf. It is said that he
trust'4 on the ground that no libel .had been proved, and
but, that, in the result, it will appear that he was right;
Pre• •
°bieet • Artie that he was so, why did he not reserve that
initti2°u, and then make " security doubly sure" by sub-
lig to the jury the three important documents at the

bead of this letter, in justification of the defendant's con-
duct; and then calling, first, the several important witnesses
who were in attendance (one formerly a Roman Catholic
priest) to prove that such penances as that mentioned in the
alleged libel are not only sanctioned by the Church of Rome,
but commonly practised in Ireland and other Roman Catho-
lic countries ; and then, the three policemen, who supplied
Mr. Stowe • -

_ with the information as to the actual infliction
i of the penance on O'Hara, in order to satisfy the jury, at
• that the statement was not altogether a fabrics:

ail ever

lion of the defendant's ; which, for anything that appeared
at the trial, from the want of this evidence, the jury might
very possibly have inferred : whereas, had this evidence been
laid before them, it could not have failed to remove from
their minds all idea of libel, or malice, on the part of the
defendant, and the verdict must consequently have been in
his favour! A new trial, under the order of the Court of
Queen's Bench, will yet, it is confidently hoped, produce
this desirable and proper result.

FIAT JUSTITIA.
P.S.—I have purposely passed over the learned judge's
observations, at the beginning of his summing up, as to the
equality in the eye of the law of the religions of the Church
of Roane, and dissenters, with that of the established church.
A reference to the statute-book, especially the laws against
popery, would seem to militate against this broad assertion.
however correct it may be as applied to the legal rights of
individuals professing any of those creeds.

HEARNE v. STOWELL

TO THE
:EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.
kllow me respectfully to suggest your stereotyping
ring question and answer, so that you may afford
your correspondents occasional opportunities for " jogging
the memories" of the non-sni-recordo priests who figured at
the recent trial :
Counsel : " Are there not many instances where persons
who inflicted penance on themselves have been held by your
church as objects of admiration ? "—Priest Crook, senior of
St. Augustine's, Manchester : " That is a matter of ecclesi-
astical history upon which all men may form whatever opi-
nion they please. I know of no such instances."
It may not be amiss to state here, that the Roman Bre-
viary, from which were made the extracts that appeared in
the London Standard of last week, and which were copied
into your journal of Tuesday-last, is not only a work of the
highest authority in the popish church, but also one out of
which every Romish priest—not even excepting Mr. Crook
himself—is obliged to read a considerable portion every day
throughout the year. It has just occurred to me that it
would be doing no small injustice to the " beatified " me-
mory of Santa Rosa, to limit her to the brief space allotted
to her in Your crowded columns of Tuesday's publication.
I would, therefore, on the present occasion, volunteer my
humble services in the way of asserting her just claims to
admiration " in the records of the Vatican, as well as her
right to that exalted position which she now occupies—viz.,
a canonised saint, with her festival and office for the 30th 'of
Aunst,—by furnishing an extract from the bull of her ca-
nonization, detailing her austerities, &c., headed thus :
" SANTA ROSA. CLEMENT X. An. Dom. 1673.
" Codex constitutionum, quas summi pontifices ediderunt
in solemni Canonizatione Sanctorurn a Johanne 15, ad
Benedictum 13,. sive ab An. Dom. 993, usque ad A. D.
1729. Accurante Justo Fontanino, Archiepiscopo An-
cyrano. Ronne. 1729. Ex typographia Reverends! Ca-
mera Apostolicte.
" She changed the stones and crosses—with which, when
going to prayer in her childhood, and as yet ignorant of the
use of whigs, she was loaded by her maid Marianne, who
was almost the only person conscious of her mortifications—
into iron chain's, which she prepared as scourges, with which,
after the example of St. Dominick, every night she offered
herself a bloody victim to God to avert his just anger, even
to the copious effusion of streams of blood, either for the
sorrows of the holy church, or for the necessities of the
endangered kingdom or of the city of Lima, or for
compensating the wrongs of sinners, or for snaking an
expiation ibr the souls of the dead, or for obtaining
divine aid for those who were in their last agonies ;
the servants being sometimes horror-struck at such dread-
ful blows of the chains ; and when the use of these was for-
bidden to her, she privately encircled her waist with one
of them, bound thrice round her, so that it never was ap-
parent that she wore it, except when she was under the tor-
tures of the sciatica, which chain was afterwards loosened
only by a miracle, and its links, after the virgin's death, were
found to emit a wondrous and indescribably sweet odour.
Lest any part of her innocent body should be free from suf-
fering, she tortured her arms and limbs with penal chains,
and stuffed her breast and sides with handfulls of nettles and
small briars. She afterwards increased the sharpness of the
hair-cloth, which reached from her neck beneath her knees,
by needles mixed up with it, which she used for many years,
until she was ordered to put it off, on account of the frequent
vomiting of blood. When she laid aside this punishment,
she substituted another garment less injurious to her health,
but no less troublesome, for beneath it, every movement was
painful to her. Her feet only were free from these suffer-
ings, which either by hitting them with stones, or by burn-
ing of an oven, she did not suffer to be free from torture.
" She fixed upon her head a tin crown, with sharp little
nails in its and for some years never put it on without re-
ceiving wounds ; when she grew older, this was replaced by .
one which was armed with ninety nine points.
" She desired the hardness of her bed to be such that it
should rather drive away than invite sleep, so that when
about to sleep, the same should he both a bed to her and an
instrument of torture. Her pillow was either an unpolished
trunk, or stones concealed for this purpose, which bed she
afterwards so filled with sharp pieces of tiles, and triangular
pieces of broken jugs, that the sharp points of each should
be turned to her body, nor did she try to sleep until she had
embittered her mouth with a draught of gall..
" Near the time of her death, Rosa, throughout Lent,
alternately sang the Canticles and praises of God every day
for a whole hour, with a melodious bird, in so orderly a man-
ner, that when the bird sang the virgin was silent, and when
the virgin sang, the bird, who was most attentive, ceased to
invisitheido,n:notoreopyreari,sethaenidnatnoimartae pltiontGs,odafteprraor-r
usinnhge She
of fiardnouncing the verse, ' Bless the Lord, pall yye things 'which
bud on the Earth ;' and she so visibly persuaded them, that
THE TOPS OF THE TREES TOUCHED THE ' EARTH, as if
adoring their Creator with a solemn veneration"
'
But as Father Crook, in all probabilitywas ;rot ' senior of
St. Augustine's, Manchester, in the days of Pope Clement
X,' ic, an. dom. 1663,—and, moreover, as the above 'ans-
terities'—or self-kflictions are only " matters of ecclesiasti-
cal history!' (especially popish priests—as convenience sug-
gests) " may form whatever opinion they please,"—l am the
more anxious, for the good of your readers—as well as being
influenced by a desire to " stir up the pure mind" of the
aforesaid priest, to draw attention to an event which took
place at Rome so recently as 1830.
The occurrence to which I allude is that of the canoniza-
ofAtP
ltlaoknes op
lAalcaer
untilia o f LlBig3ou—riay,ewt,hich, although it did not ac-
tuallyas to his self-infliction,, &c. hadthceomtentilnigceodfstohefawr witnesses
as
1806. The following is the title of the work from which I
extract:—

" Sacra Rituum Congregatione, emo. et Rmo. Domino Car-
dinali Canacciolo relatore, beatificationis et Canonizationis,
Ven. Servi Dei Alphonsi Maria de Ligorio, fundatoris servi.
Redemptoris, ac olim Episcopi S. Agatha.—Rornce, 1806.
Apud Lazariniam, Rev. Cam. APtis. typographum."
' The summary of his [Liguria's] virtues.'
" Witness,—The admirable and Reverend Father Dominick
Corsano, Missionary of the Most Holy Redeemer, and Con-
fessor of the venerable servant of God.
" I know for a certainty, that this servant of God con-
stantly scourged himself unbloodily and bloodily. And be-
sides the unbloody scourgings enjoined by his rule, he was
wont to punish himself every day in the morning before the
usual hour of rising, and in the, evening after the signal for
repose. .0u Saturdays he scourged himself till the blood
flowed, and these scourgings were so violent, and caused so
much blood to gush from his limbs, that not only was his
linen always covered with it, but you might even see the
walls of his small room stained,' and even books which he
kept in it were sprinkled with it.
Also from what I have seen with my own eyes, and have
heard declared by certain fathers who are worthy of credit,
I know that this servant of God macerated his body, also,
with hair cloth with sharp points in it, and with chains as
well. on the arms as on the legs, which he carried with him
tininner.time, and these for the most part were so armed
with sharp points, that they filled with horror all who ever
saw them. I have heard say, also, that he had a dress filled
with a coat of mail with iron points ; that he had bandages of
camel's hair ; and other instruments of penance were casually
seen by me, and by others of my companions, notwithstand-
ing his zealous and circumspect secrecy. Of a similar kind
was his extreme mortification in sleeping upon two planks
covered with a sack with a little straw in it, so that it ap-
peared a hard stone. I frequently also heard say, that he
slept during hii few hours with a large stone hung on and
.tied to his feet.
I well remember that he never shaved himself, when he was
with us, with a razor, but only by little and little he did it
with pincers, and he caused his assistant friar to make his
clerical crown with the same pincers." •
I will bring my letter to a close by a quotation from the
breviary—a quotation which ought to be especially precious
to the Irish portion of the non mi recordo witnesses.
S. Patritius. Breviarium Romani.= ; die xvii. Martii.
Dublinii, in tvpogr. H. Fitzpatrick, Typogr. and Bibliop.
R. C. Col. Maynooth, MDCCCVIII.
" They say that he (St. Patrick) was wont to repeat daily
the whole psalter, together with the canticles, and two hun-
dred hymns and prayers, three hundred times on each day
to worship God upon his knees, and in each canonical hour
of the day to sign himself one hundred times with the sign of
the cross. Dividing the night into three portions, he spent
the first in running through one hundred psalms, and in two
hundred genuflections; the second in running through the
other fifty psalms, immersed in cold water, and with his
heart, eyes, and hands raised to Heaven ; he yielded the third
part to a short sleep upon a hard stone.
Apologising for the length of this communication, and
pledging myself to furnish you in my next some more speci-
mens of the " acts and monuments" of the canonised saints
of the Romish breviary, I am, yours faithfully, P.
St. Helen's, 10th Sept. 1840:

ROYAL CHESHIRE MILITIA.—The lord lieutenant of the
county has signed a commission, appointing the Hori Hugh
Cholmondeley, M.P. eldest son of Lord Delamere, colonel
of this regiment, vice Parker deceased.

DEATH BY DROWNING.—An inquisition was yesterday
held, before Henry Heathcote Statham, Esq., deputy-coro-
ner, (in the absence of Mr. Curry,) on view of the body of
John Ball, who was drowned, on Tuesday night, in the gut
of the Waterloo Dock. George Tarbuck, master of the flat
John and Mary, said that the deceased was one of his men,
and that about half-past eight o'clock on Tuesday night,
while they were hauling the flat out of the Waterloo Dock by
the basin gates, he was employed to fend off the vessel from
the wall, and while in the act of doing so, assisted by.the
witness, with his back against the wall, he (the deceased) fell
overboard. The flat was newly tarred with coal tar, and the
deceased had his feet against her side. He told witness to go
to the windlass and heave in the slack of the line. He went
to do so, and immediately heard the deceased fall overboard.
He took a boathook, and got hold of deceased's cap, thinking
it was him, but let it go again. He then put the boathook
down, feeling along the wall with it, hut could find nothing
of him. The deceased had not hold of anything with his
hands while he was fending the flat off. An alarm was given,
and search made for the deceased, but in vain. On the af-
ternoon of Wednesday the search was resumed, and after
three hours and a half's exertion, his body was found. It
was identified by his father, Thomas Ball, an elderly man,
who is employed in hauling flats on the river Weaver. The
coroner, and several of the jury, remarked on the careless
practice of men pushing off fiats with their backs against the
quay wall, and not having hold of anything, so that if the
vessel pays off quickly they cannot possibly save themselves
from falling into the water. The jury returned a verdict of
" Accidental death." The deceased was twenty-two years

SHOCKING OCCURRENCE.—The Blackburn Standard
gives a long account of a disorderly woman named Mary Ann
Hanby, having thrown herself, on Tuesday night, from the
window of the police-office, a height of ten yards. She
threw herself head-foremost, and alighted upon her head in
the street, just outside the kennel. It seems wonderful that
she was not kill-d upon the spot : however, upoh being
picked up by one of the policemen it was found that she
still lived. She was taken into the office and medical assis-
tance immediately sent for. The left side of her skull was
nearly bared, the scalp hanging' from it in a most hideous.
manner. On other parts of the body there were slight
bruises, but no limbs were broken, neither were the injuries
on any part, except the head, of serious moment. Of course
the utmost attention that medical skill could prompt, was
paid to the patient, but fears are entertained that death will
be the result of this sad disaster.
