WATERLOO-WEST COAST.

THURSDAY, JULY 11.—We completed our investigation
on this estate, which is the property of the proprietor of
Highbury, and situated about nine miles from the Berbice
River Ferry-house. These Coolies were landed from the
same ship, and at the same time as those on Highbury ; their
number was as follows, viz.
Men. Women. Children.
46 0 0
Decrease by deaths.. ...... . 5 0 0
Transfer to Highbury .. 1 0 0

Remaining this day
In Hospital None.
These people, like those at Highbury, have every attention
paid them, and they are all in excellent health and spirits,
and in all respects comfortable. Their cottages are very good,
and kept in better order, even, than those at Highbury. The
terms of contract are the same as already detailed, and ge-
nerally our observations respecting Highbury, apply to this
estate. There could not have been a person selected for the
superintendence of this class of immigrants better qualified
than Mr. Turnbull, who is the manager of Highbury, and
•eo-attorney of both estates.
No. 4.—PonruGuEsr. CONTINUED.
THURSDAY, JULY 11.—Completed our inspection of
these immigrants who arc attached to the saw mill establish-
Ment in Canje. The number located in 1855, was as follows,
Men. Women. Children.
24 3 3
Died
Deserted

Remaining. l5 2 2
The terms of contract are the same as those of the same
description of immigrants in the counties of Demerara and
Essequibo. They are now very healthy, and execute their
work satisfactorily, and were chiefly employed as woodcutters
and mechanics. Not a complaint of any kin
CIIAS. ROBINSd.
ON,
MICHAEL A.I`TURK,
CHAS. It. WHINFIELD,
Sheriff of Berbec.

EXTRACT FROM A REPORT TO GOVERNOR LIGHT, BY DR.
SMITH, OF THE COLONIAL HOSPITAL, IN DEMERARA,
IN REFERENCE TO THE COOLIES PLACED UNDER HIS
CARE FROM PLANTATION BELLEVUE.
(From the Demerara Gazette of the 15th August.)
19 cases have been cured, of whom 17 have returned to
the estate, and 2 remain in hospital for a few days ;
2 have died
6 remain under treatment.

27.
I beg leave to say that I entertain a more favourable opin-
ion of the constitution of the Coolies, in r eference to their
adaptation to this climate, than of any other class of immi-
grants whom I have seen in this colony.
Of the thirty Coolies including the interpreter and two
cooks) placed under my charge, none have been attacked
since thr 7th June with intermittent fever, the epidemic of
British Guiana, nor do any seem to have suffered prior to
that period from this cause.
I am unable to arrive at any positive conclusion as to the
greateror lesser liability of the Coolies to ulcers, when com-
pared with other labourers in the colony in consequence of
those only who were affected with ulceration being placed
under my care. lam nevertheless, of opinion, that those
whom I treated were not constitutionally predisposed to that
affection, bt.t that they suffered in consequence of . chigoes,
and of their own ignorance of the proper mode of ridding
themselves of these vet), troublesome insects ; this opinion
is strengthened by the fact that, in twenty-five of the twenty-
seven cases, ulceration was confined to the toes originally.
and extendedthence to the foot.

DIARY OF AN ASCENT OF THE RIVER BERBICE,
IN BRITISH GUAYANA, IN 1836-7.

BY ROBERT li. SCHOMBURGK, ESQ., CORR. MEM. R.G.S.

Deceived by the Caribs, short of provisions, and frustrated

in our attempt to surmount the cataracts, the expedition up
the river CorCtityn was obliged to return to Berbice early in
November. On my arrival at New Amsterdam, I lost no
time in making the necessary arrangements for ascending the
river Berbice, which is but little better known'than the Co-
rentyn, and as being the only alternative left me at this ad-
vanced period of the season.. I was careful to provide a
double stock of provisions, as the difficulty of finding a
sufficient supply is one of the chief obstacles to travelling in
Guayana. My party, with the exception of Lieut. Losack,
was the same as before; the boats' crews consisted of Ara-
weeks, Warrows, and three Caribs, but who were scarcely
equal to man the four corials.
Nov. 25, 1836.—Quitted New Amsterdam with the flowing
tide, and paddled rapidly up the first or sea reach of the
river Berbice, in a south direction for about three miles, when
the river turns abruptly in a W.S.W. direction • its average
width about half a mile. As the sun rose on the following
morning and dissipated the fog, the river's banks presented
a continued line of cultivation; thousands of mocking-birds
(Orioles Perisis) rose from a wide-branchingand aged orinok
tree (Erylhrina Spec. ?) where they had roosted for the
night, and gradually dispersed in all directions. As we pro-
ceeded, cultivation continued on the eastern bank, but on the
opposite, Nature had reclaimed her own: What a contrast
da these shores now presentr.when compared with their aspect
towards the close of the last century ! Then plantation fol-
lowed plantation as far as the Savouette, the last estate of
the Dutch West India Company, about sixty miles from the
sea : of the greater number of these scarcely a vestige now
remains, yet free labour and capital alone are wanting to
restore the former scene of beauty arising from high cultiva-
tion, uncontaminated by the baneful influence of human
slavery.

Just before reaching the latitude of 6 deg. N., the river
makes a circular bend of about a mile in diameter, and at the
north-western angle of the bend two small tributaries full in.
close to which is the site of a once-famed plantation named
Daaperad, now a wilderness. This spot is noted for the
height and strength of the Oaptiri, or bore, which is said to
rise here from twelve to fifteen feet, and has caused on seve-
ral occasions the loss of life and property. The peculiar bend
of the river will account for its strength. The depth of the
channel here, which is much narrowed, is twenty-five feet,
but a mud bank projects from the south-eastern shore off
Daagerad full three-quarters of the width of the river. At
the south-western angle. of this bend a small stream or creek
connected with the river Abary, which flows a few miles to
the westward, joins the Berbice. It is called Abary-Ilabil,
habil signifying creek or expanse of water, and answering to
the word Kirahagh or the Caribs on the Essequibo. At
night we halted at a cottage called Noytgedazt (not expected),
and to us so it proved, and we.were glad to take shelter from
a violent thunder-storm which lasted till daylight. The re-
sident here cultivates rice with much success, and he only
wanted labourers to enable him to realize large profits ; the
sample he showed us was very fair. Here as well as else-
where during our progress up the river, we received great
civilities from the inhabitants ; to be a stranger insured a
welcome.

Nov. 28.—1 n latitude 5 deg. 42 min. N. the river makes
another sweep to the N,W. At its southern angle is the site
of Fort Nassau, the former capital of Berbice, under the
Dutch, at a distance of forty-five miles from the sea, by the
windings of the stream. The anchorage here is good, in six
fathoms water, and spacious, as the fort commands two
reaches of the river; current 2% an hour. As we ascend the
river narrows considerably, but retains a depth of from five
to seven fathoms. At the south-western angle of the sweep
we found the first rising ground at thirty miles direct dis-
tance from the coast. formed by hillocks of heaped-up sand,
probably the boundary line of the gradual receding sea of a
former era ; they are about fifty feet high, and called Hitia
by the Indians ; it is this rising ground that gives the river
flowing towards the north the abrupt bend to-the south-east.
Here was formerly the site of a post, now only tenanted by
some Arawaaks ; four miles south of these sandy barriers the
brook Kaderbicie joins the Berbice from the west : it is said
to be connected with the stream Abary. by a short portage,
while the flerounie unites the Abary with the river Maicony.
From KaderbiCie a short path leads across savannahs to the
river Wieronie.

Five, miles higher we brought up for the ebb tide at the
mouth of the stream Moshieba : the campaneros or bell-birds
(Ampelis carunculata,) the daras of the Indians, were tolling
in all directions : except in the Conocon mountains, on the
Essequibo, I had never met ih'ith them in such numbers.
Several Arawaaks live in the vicinity of this brook, and a
path leads hence to the mouth of the Wieronie, which may
be walked in an hour, while it took us nearly five hours to
follow the river's course, which at the junction of the Wier-
onie in latitude 5 deg. 42 min. N. is abruptly turned to the
S.E. for five miles, when it again assumes its usual north
course. At the north-eastern point of confluence is the site
of an old redoubt and a church ; the depth of the river is here
seven fathoms. it Peereboum, one mile farther south, sandy
hillS again occur, and at their back an extensive savannah
stretches to the westward. Peereboom is the residence of
Mr. Daggett, an industrious woodcutter, and from whom'we
received every civility and assistance. As I deferred the
examination of the river Wieronie till our return, we pushed
on for jVickie, about.ten miles farther south, situated on the
western bank at the junction of the river of that name with
the Berbice. Immediately at the back of \Vickie is a marsh,
then sand-hills about forty feet high occur, and separate the
marsh from the savannah. This spot is the residence of Mr.
M'Cullum, who has a very extensive wood-cutting establish-
ment. We halted here to rate our chronometer. The sand,
hills are abrupt, and consist of tine white sand ; no organic
remains have yet been found in them ; they remind me of the
sand-hills formed by the waves and breakers along the north-
western coast of the island of Anegola.
The wallaba, (Ditnorpha Spec. ?) one of the most useful
trees for 'posts, shingles, and staves, occupies the soil almost
exclusively here. On issuing • from the wood, two miles to
the westward of the settlement, a large undulating savannah
partially wooded was before me. Here was an Arawaak
settlement of five or six huts ; the men were all absent and
employed in wood-cutting, the women seemed rather fright-
ened at my appearance. I asked for some water, which was
readily presented to me in a gourd, but this done, the woman
retired to the corner which she had previously occupied.
After having given some small presents to the terrified
children, I continued -my walk across the savannah until the
brook Etonie stopped my further progress. I found some
very interesting savannah plants, and returned home almost
loaded with them. While absent, some of the Indians had
killed a conocoushie or bush-master, the most dangerous
snake which Guayana possesses •, it measured a little more
than six feet, and its forrnidcble fangs were nearly half an inch
long. Mr. M`Cullum told me that several of his men had at
times been bitten by them : the remedy he had adopted was
scarification, to extract the fangs which generally break off in
the wound, and then the application of cupping by means of
a glass and some spirit set on fire; oil and strong purgatives
are also administered.

Mr. M'Cullum has a large wood-cutting establishment
where often 200 Indians and upwards of fifty negroes are
constantly employed by him in cutting and squaring timber,
with the exception of the time they are absent to put their
provision fields in order : as head of the firm under which the
business is carried on, he has resided here for many years,
and has had good opportunities to form an idea of the com-
parative value of Indians and negroes as labourers. He
says—" I have invariably found that the Indian sets to work
at once with good heart, and remains at it until h s task is
finished, which is generally two or three hours earlier than
the negroes ; but not satisfied with this, he continues to work
in his own hours, and I know many an Indian, who besides
his regular wages, earns from two to three dollars a-week.
They are also in my opinion more honest. Were the Indian
well treated, he would prove a most invaluable labourer."
That Mr. M'Cullum treats them well is proved by the num-
ber which he has collected around him : unfortunately this is
not the case with all who employ them. To secure an Indian
as a labourer, both foul and fair means have been resorted
to : he is supplied with articles on credit sometimes to a
large amount, provided he is able to work, being aware that
the Indian considers himself in duty bound to work for his
creditor until the debt is paid ; but many wood-cutters use
every means to prevent his getting out of debt by constantly
supplying him with more goods and large quantities of that
bane, rum ; thus the poor Indian is always kept in a state of
bondage. This unjust traffic is the fruitful source of mis-
understanding between those who employ Indian labourers :
if thus an Indian has received money or articles from two or
more settlers, which are often put into his hands when intoxi-
cated, it causes quarrels among them, and the Indian's con-
fidence in his employer is shaken, he finds himself harassed,
and when least expected, his huts and fields are abandoned,
and he emigrates to another district, if not to another colony.
The spirit of emigration has lately much increased, and is
particularly directed towards Surinam. Mr. M'Cullum ob-
served to me—" Give me a few thousand guilders to spend
in presents, and I would entice every Indian in the upper
river Berbice, were it my object, to follow me to Surinam."
I myself also know that a little will induce the Indian to
leave his residence; he is less tied to his birth-place than
many other uncivilized nations, and being of a roaming dis-
position, he abandons his. fields to the wild beasts of the
forest, and plants his hut elsewhere on the slightest provoca-
tion. I noticed the Indian's habits for wandering in my
former reports ; while here, I received another proof, in
Kanaima, a chieftain of the Maciisie tribe, whom I left cog..
fortably settled in a house at Aunay, and he had then no
thought of leaving his residence and his rich provision fields,
at the foot of the Pacaraima mountains ; now he is felling
trees and toiling to put but a small spot of woodland in cul-
tivation for subsistence. If steps are not taken to cultivate
the Indian's good-will, the colony risks the loss of many
valuable individuals. If the Indian population is of sufficient
interest to the colonist, my humble opinion is, that a pro-
tector of Indians should be appointed, with sufficient autho-
rity to enforce the-fulfilment of a fair contract between him
and his employer. The Indian of British Guayana is a
heathen, and while the aborigines of all other Colonies and
countries have had religious instruction offered to them, he
alone is neglected ; with the exception of the mission at
Bartelca Point on the Essequibo, established not for the sake
of the Indians, the colony of Guayana has not a single insti-
tution for the instruction and conversion of the Indian. How
great the contrast in the neighbouring state of Columbia,
where the advance in civilization is solely due to the exer-
tions of the Roman Catholic missionaries, who have proved
that the Indian is capable of receiving, and will gladly em-
braccreligious instruction, if offered to him !
The weather was very unfavourable during our stay in
\Vickie for celestial observations ; the means of six observa-
tions gave me as latitude 5 tleg. 33 min. 47 sec. N., and the
longitude, by chronometer, 57 deg. 38 min. W. The width
of the river was ascertained to be 145 yards, with an average
depth of five and a half fathoms : the tide rose here during
the springs five and a half feet. While here we had a proof
of the speed of a corial, which went twenty-six miles up the
river, and returned within twenty-four hours.
Dec. 4.—We left \Vickie, on our ascent of the river. At
Paripi, four miles farther, the same sand-hills or reefs are
close to the river's western bank, with an Arawaak settlement
on their top. We stopped at the mouth of the stream, Ka-
biribirie, famed for its cold waters. I found, however, the
difference not so great. as I should have expected ; at five
a.m. the air was at 80 deg. Fahr., the water of the river
Berbice 80 deg. 2 min., and that of the stream, 77 deg.
Dec. 6.—We halted the next day at an early hour at Mo-
racco, where Mr. M'Cullum carries on his wood-cutting
establishment. At starting, at five the thermometer
was 68 degrees, while the water of the river was II degrees
warmer, namely 79 degrees. The trees in the vicinity of
Moracco consist chiefly of different speceies of Wallaba
(Dimorpha falcata) some green-heart or seperi, Mora, Ya-
ruri paddle or roller-wood, Kakarally and `Namara. At two
miles' distance from the river commence savannahs, extend-
ing towards the river Demerara. They are said to be inha-
bited by Indian tribes, who never visit the abodes of the co-
lonists : by means of barter they procure powder, shot,
knives, palempores, &c., from. those Indians who keg) up
communication with the coast; and give them hammocks,
spun cotton, and crab-oil in return. My informant could not
give me an estimate of the number of these Savannah In-
dians, but from their expressions, they must amount to up-
wards of thirty settlements, probably about 500 individuals.
At Monbacca, a few miles above Moracco, the river assumed
a strange feature; it became very winding in sweeps not half
a mile in diameter, and being narrowed on either side with
patches of a coarse long grass (Panzcum), arid Mocco-moc-
CM i
(Caladium arborescens) it speared at if there were no
outlet : the river turns at a sharp angle, and the distance
from shore to shore is not more than thirty-five yards. Its
width also became very variable, as at times it widened out
into a lake. Here, too, commence the inlets, generally
called Itabil by the Indians, and which become very frequent
as we ascend. A small. island occupied the middle of the
first inlet, and on it caprtmous nature had planted a number
of trumpet trees (Cecropia Peltata), in regular rows. They
were clothed from their base to their summit with a species

(c ti t`A.
\ 04
'lO%,

`L.2/411‘n(1,1-
Da IC4
of convolvulas, while the underwooci was s
At Monbacca, on the south-eastern bank of the hip oaf
Indian settlement. Beyond we came to some steeroftlat
hills, about 100 feet high, and the highest yet seen
srdoi,
formation. I scrambled up them and was richiY t,woutb•
The prospect over undulating ground extended to tt'ici, the
east upwards of fifteen miles ; and the number of h! doe
same formation as that I stood upon, covered r3t"itiable,
gigan tIC 0(
wood, formed one of the finest views of woodilwaillarillicreisss's
Immediately below our feet the placid river spread gutwhith
lake, and distinctly reflected the magnificent trees, of
margined its banks. Beyond was an immense el :10
wood of every extent and hue,_from the bright Yell? Mora.
somed Hakea to the dark lucid green of the
The view in the istance was closed by paratlel rergfoith,
thickly-wooded hills; behind us was an extensive savtal
with beautiful slopes, covered with verdure and eins76 has
trees. A little beyond the river is narrowed to leash
ago
thirty yards, and its current much increased, when
widens, and forms several small islands. At the hrous
eno
can a path leads to the river Demerara, which is fg% the
made use of by the Indians. They follow for two s)
windings of the brook, and thence one day over a
land. to
Whilst at Wickie I had engaged an Accaway fll! pro
accompany me, consisting of the chief, named AndreAdeti
men, four boys, and three females. The men Here
bOA
among the corials, while the women and three of the Athe
conducted their own craft, one being a small coital, a tippet
other a woodskin. The Arawaaks and Accaways of the
part of the river generally use woodskins in lieu of eal,' the
They are made of a single piece of the tough
Murianara tree, which grows to a very large size. Ate; io
sion is made to the- extent required in the bark, -intoocl,
removed by driving in wedges : when loosened front the 'Lug
it is kept open by cross sticks, and is supported at, the the
mities upon.two beams, in order to raise those prts ofinkii
woodskin. Vertical incisions at about two feet afar'
few inches in depth, arc then made, and the parts
bark oLinci,
es
afterwards by over-lapping. It remains for several
Irtfie
exposed to the weather before it is fit for use. Th°,ll4„ ace
woodskin is so crank that the slightest motion, "e" seen
seated, renders it liable to be upset, I have frequently
..3„,e
three men and their baggage in one. Their great aoP_,
is, that being slat, they can float where a common copal
the smallest description cannot pass, and so light, that
crossing cataracts, one man can easily carry his boat °ale.
head. When propelled by one man, he squats in the no
and paddles on either side. Great care is requisite in
ping in or out of them, as if upset, they sink almost instelttio
owing to the great specific gravity of the balk. The ioa
boys who conducted the woodskin on the present oceler,
were perhaps not more than eight years old, and we The
highly delighted to see how ably they managed i•e Dile
boat seemed to fly through the water, and the incoce
steersman directed its course so well that it never *,is
grounded, though it went over places where there
Thor
not more than eight or nine inches deep of water. -4;
also were very expert in the use of the bow and arr°„ht
and wherever they thought their well-directed arrow 11_',1,1d,
procure an addition to their meal, the woodskin was h'i,ea
the bow strung, and off flew the pointed arrow, and Ka
taken out of the sand, which the water barely CO
of
these occasional detentions, they were always in
generally observed a fish struggling for liberty. In °Y" flea
the 0.
when we were to stop for breakfast, or at bur night's tlnarte

GOVERNMENT NOTICE.
thse
The lieutenant-governor has thought proper to au'
the following despatch, dated the 14th January, lrm"frost
76, which his excellency has had the honour to recellgaa
the Right Honourable the Lord Gleneg, should be Pu'
in the Royal Gazette for general information. •

By order Of his excellency,
Guiana Public-building, 2011th. Feb. E. F18Y3°617."' G 431.
Sic.
No. 76. 1836'
Downing-street, 14th Jan., ue
Sir,—l have rece'ved your despatch, No. 40, of 16th
August. enclosing an ordinance enacted at Trinidad, rtibtr
to indented Africans, and enquiring whether, if a lithe
ordinance were enacted in British Guiana, a proportion
Africans in question might be sent thither. cog
I have the honour to enclose for your information the lot
of an order in council, dated 15th July, confirming lyce
ordinance 'with various amendments, and to acquaint jot
that should an ordinance of the same tenor with the tun.enct to
ordinance be passed in British Guiana, I shall not (Mew.
that colony receiving its fair proportion of these Perltiwith
and you will be at liberty to make such arrangements
his majesty's commissioners at the Havana, and the lieutenot
governor of Trinidad, as may seem most convenient
electing the transfer.
I have the honour to be, sir,
Your most obedient humble seGrvtanzst,oeig.
(Sigded)
Major-General Sir James Carmichael Smyth, Bt" "Z'Zee .
(True Copy.) H. E. F. Yours o,
GOVERNMENT NOTICE. b 9 tba
With reference to the ordip• ance of this day, rassed
Lieutenant-Governor, Major-General Sir James Cara
0,,,
Smyth, with the advice and consent of the Court of Pl_
regulating the importation ofliberated Africans in this color°
his excellency has thought proper to direct, that the two f,
lowing communications upon the subject, addressed blrta;
excellency—the first (A) to the Combined Court. am; ill
second (13) to the Court of Policy—should be publisheu
the Royal Gazette for general information. The lieutenancy
governor is desirous that every proprietor and &ago
throughout British Guiana should not only have the 1":,,
information as to the terms on which the services of frac..
berated Africans may be procured, but also be ina4`ttir
quainted with the views, expectations, and ultimate j,
tions of those who have proposed and advocated their
portation into the colony.
H. 4.fri*
Proprietors and attornies desirous of having liberated ••
to
cans indented to them for the period, and according t.°ll be
terms and enactments prescribed by the ordinance, to/
pleased to address themselves to the government sec°
according to form C.

In order that an estimate of the probable number of libels;
ted Africans who can advantageously be employed in Bit,
Guiana may be made up and forwarded to the proper audio
ties with all convenient despatch, as also that the lieuteosl3_l,
governor may be able to direct the adoption of the necci'
ssn
preliminary measures, with a view to the liberated
being indented and located as soon as possible after theil.o
l i rivan the ports ot this colony, it is recommended doll,
unnecessary delay shquld take place in forwarding the OP"
cations alluded to in tire foregoing paragraph.
By order of his Ex ellencv the Lieutenant-Governor,
H. E. F. YOUNG, Gov. Sec.
Government Secretary's Office, Bth March, 1836.
A.
Copy of a 3finute entered by his Excellency the Lieutenall,
Governor upon the proceedings of the Combined court 0,"
the th o February, 136.
The 1i24
eutenf ant-governorB states that, with reference to the
despatch from the right honourable the Lord Gleneig, c 1.3400
14th January 1836, No. 76, upon the subject of a proP°V;ed
of the liberated Africans, at presentßritish in theGo'" Isr-s,ie
„
of Cuba, being allowed to be"
he deems it advisable to lose as little time as Possible i¢
communicating with the authorities at the Havana.
H G 1
cellency is of opinion that, by sending an accredited offidee
gentleman to the Havana, many references and a-rOdi. je.
of delay will be avoided. Mr. Young, the governmell'Aie
cretary, having expressed his readiness to undertake ITof
business the lieutenant-governor intends to avail lilrahsper
his services ; and he feels confident that every mew"' ere
Ore Combined Court will agree with him, that a ,Eu,ed,
competent or a more eligible gentleman cannot be elnP.,°,3i, s
In the exercise of so important and so delicate a trrog
good deal must necessarily be left to the discretion anu if Am
sense of Mr. Young. Mr. Young will, of course, rettA to
Guiana with all convenient despatch ; but it has oceurrro,
it
his excellency that, in the furtherance of the object ia Yie_cat
may be necessary for this colony to have a resident ar.:o%
the Havana. This will be one of the objects which gtr in. eiso
will be instructed to investigate and report uppn. IstiYidbe
be requisite that an agent, on the part of this colony! sb°
placed on board each vessel conveying liberated .African'
the Havana to Guiana. His excellency is not avrare_eo
such a measure will be necessary, but he thinks it by ot?,
improbable. A personal communication with the autnon.:4o
at the Havana will, however, enable Mr. Young t°_,, the
himself master of the details to be attended to in carrylub
important measures of procuring for th's colony a pro
of the liberated Africans into effect—as also with resP
the forms which may be necessary for obtaining furtheerbr
plies. Mr. Young makes no demand for his own 'he teig
beyond the re-payment of his own expenses but '•
as (ahotW
require money for the payment of an agent or agent'
they be found necessary), and that it would be eery
tic that any delay should occur for want Of some rfl,_?id be
ney—his excellency proposes that a sum of .01000
rht7per.
placed to the credit of the lieutenant-governor, °
,ares
pose of enabling him to take such preliminary me3!the in-
may appear to his excellency to be advisable ton ar.ra). 14th
structions of the Right Honourable Lord Glenelg, mated the
January, 1836, upon the subject of removing a part_vioe
liberated Africans, from the Island of Cuba to the pro
of British Guiana, into effect. poecrttiotoo

J. CARMICIIAEL SIZIr
arY•
Til•
H. E. F. Young, Gov. Secre
Copy of a Minute addressed to the. Members of
B.
Policy by his Excellency the Lieutenant-Goronor, Or'
the 26th February, 1836. • entS
Gentlemen —I am desirous of recording my sentim,
~_,,
with respect to the proposed importation of liheratedille
cans from the Island of Cuba into British Guiana ; 3 ,a,joi
period when an ordinance is before this court Or regulal...
certain details connected with the measure, appears to alio.
me the most eligible opportunity. h that
2.
You are aware frbm the Lord Glenelg's despatch, ;oce
the introduction of the liberated Africans into this 100* his
is an arrangement which I had the honour to prole to . ~
seCourt 1:
lordshi
sponsibility I necessarily would have to incur,
I • p. Ii drawing his lordship's attention to the sdbireee;
was well aware of the additional trouble, labour, an si..
tion was acceded to. A person of a less anxious dise
elocu )
(without laying himself open to the char2e of in"' upon
might easily have avoided exposing himself i'o be called,bar-
to undertake additional occupation of an unpleasant
ante by
rling nature. A sense of duty—a desire w promot
prop
_O,
ek ry means in my power, the welfare of ail iniportan.,kr to
vince entrusted to my government—and above all wi'a"ild,
contribute towards the sum total of human hat 1, bava
if the ,prole
in so much, to dimiuish the amount of human under).
governed nos_
governed my conduct upon the present occasion. 1111:, the
nificent country will, for ages to come, ainply reP o'rers-
capitalists, and be able to employ any numbcr heated' 111)(; „,,a
The liberated Africans are undervalued, ill-been
neglected in the Island of Cuba. So maw/ hail Go-
sent there, by our men-of-war, that the b.Panie o-
sent
are alarmed and uneasy as to the Poss_c freC
fects, that the introduction of such a number,,,o_,c. op
negroes may have upon their slave population.
litiv_.fli be
the contrary, the services of the liberated ,Alcica _we!
__ at
valued, and he will be treated accordingly. Slaverybsnis,
an end, he cannot conspire with slaves. Ile will be
..0 gar;
to moderate restraint, and be considered in tutelage
tt,lr „,sipa
proportion to his work, and as,
years ; and as, during that period he will be taught ! , La
of labour and be encouraged iii industrious
.moreover, .ri_ 400
paid in
ceive religious and moral instruction, I am sangonl e
beeol32el
expectations that the liberated African will eventua,..lse, goo,
a respectable and a useful member of society. 1.1 be
se,
are the motives by which I have Leen r fraught'
The importation of liberated Africans, is a meal
"letit to this
as I most sincerely believe, with in ben,
.es to the
rising colony • as well as with important adva:a. $,-
...o pr-
individuals themselves. Under this impressioi
s. lu_l.refilly
posed it—and under that impression I shali ma tv.
watch over its progress.
(Signed) bul'itt etr.iid,-"-
A true copy,
February 26, 1839,

(Signed) -
A true copy,

J. CAPNICIISEI. L'VYTO.
11. E. Young, Gov. Secretary.

B o SLOW
has
a Dear Barrett," editor of the OConnell pilot,
humble apology to the IVlarquis of Wesonoth, Mar-
escaped the penalty of a prosecution for a libel on the lu•••
quis. •
snow on Wednesday evening, that the engineer and 6 .0
o rTannAdvTErtLi rwGe.r—e Ts
oh
ientlpraeidnesd oinn
their
rrp.iii.lo7r,e-,b6oeieteh_net.
the passengers walked by the side of the train, which tha
for some time advance at the rate of one mile on hour'
Bedford Mercury.

ffm!-----
LIVERPOOL:
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1839.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED
BY DA
JOSHUA FLETCHER, LACE, of SS, Mount ?lessee. a
LEONARD ADDISON, of 14, Great Orfordtreet.
At. No, 4, ST. Geoaaa'S Cass4soT, lavialPoot.
.
. .
