STANDAItD.

of. the negroes we believe there were very few, of any '
note, who were not violently and consistently opposed
to Catholic emancipation. No one knows* better than
the editor of the Mercury with what ineff,ible contempt
the earlier political reformers of Liverpool looked upon
' the fooleries of Popery. Nor can it escape the memo-
ries of the readers of the Mercury that this modern ad-
vocate of Popery, a very few years ago, indulged in lan-
guage strongly condemnatory of the Spanish Inquisi
tion—one of the most striking developernents of the in-
tolerant genius of Popery.
Now, however, the Mercury may say, " Tempoia mu-
tantur, et nos mutamur The Papists have at-
tained considerable political power within thelcst few
years. The radicals have found that their attacks upon
the constitution of Great Britain have proved less suc-
cessful than they anticipated. They have therefore
formed 'a junction with the Papists. The Dissenters
have been foiled in their attempts to demolish the Esta-
blished Church. They have therefore entered into an
alliance; offensive and defensive, with the Papists; and
in order to secure the hearty co-operation of the latter,
it is deemed prudent to treat their errors with leniency.
The Papists must now be recognised as brethren, and
any " attack upon the religion" of these christian bre-
thren must be resented with becoming spirit. Such is
the present degraded position of the once intolerant Dis-
senters, who were held in greater detestation by the'Pa-
pists than even the Church of England was.
Under these circumstances, we are not surprised to
find that the Mercury is an apologist for Popery; but
we are certainly surprised that it should attempt. to re-
concile its advocacy of Popery with its opposition to
slavery. It has, however, the temerity to venture upon
sucka task, and it. is now our province to show the folly
of the'enterprise.
The'Rev. Hugh M'Neile has long been known for his
advocacy of the "moral and civil liberty of the Roman
Catholics," and also for insisting upon the " moral and
civil liberty of the slaves." The very enunciation of
-these terms implies the strictest consistency. The slaves
have been deprived of that which belongs to tiem as
men—so have the Roman Catholics. Mr. M'Neile in-
sists upon the restitution of the rights of both. Is that
linconsistent ? The slaves are in a state of moral and
intellectual degradation—the Roman Catholics are in
the same condition. Mr. M'Neile wishes to elevate
both in the scale of social happiness. Is that inconsis-
tent ? Slavery, it is alleged, has made the negroes mi-
serable ; Popery has made the Roman Catholics far
more miserable. Mr. M'Neile wishes to retrieve both
from their misery. Is that inconsistent? The slaves
are ignorant and superstitious; the Roman Catholics-are
equally so. Would it not be inconsistent to seek to en-
lighten the one and let the other remain-in darkness and
delusion ? In these observations we have taken it for
granted that the cases of the slaves and the Roman.
Catholics are parallel ; and so they are. The slaves
have their taskmasters; so have the Roman Catholics.
If the slaves are in dread of the lash, the Roman Catholics
are in dread of the thunders of excommunication. In-
,deed, if we look into the matter a little inure closely, Ne
Shall find that the slavery of popery is of a more appalling
character than the slavery of the negroes. The task-
master of the latter assumes no control over their future
destinies; the maledictions of the priest consign the
victims of popish tyranny to everlasting perdition.
The Mercury insinuates that the Rev. Hugh M'Neile
is willing " to act the liberal towards the colonial slaves
and the intolerant towards his catholic fellow-subjects."
It would have been more candid to have stated that he
acted the liberal towards the slaves, and the intolerant
towards slavery; and that, for the very same reason, he
acted the liberal towards the deluded Roman Catholics,
and the intolerant towards Popery. The Mercury will
readily acknowledge that there is no impropriety what-
ever in " acting the intolerant towards slavery." In-
tolerance of evil in any shape can never be condemned.
We therefore maintain the perfect consistency of Mr.
M'Neile's intolerance of popery with his hatred of
slavery. Popery is one of the greatest evils which ever
afflicted mankind. An appeal to history and existing
facts will suffice to demonstrate the truth of this assertion
to any man who is a canum and sincere enquirer after
truth. Opposition to popery is therefore the bounden
duty of every one.

But does opposition to popery imply persecution ? By
no means. The opposition to slavery implies none.
We do not suppose that the Mercury, while it declaims
against slavery, wishes to have the slave owners perse-
cuted. Nor is Mr. M'Neile, in his opposition to popery,
an advocate for persecution. He feels it to be his duty
to declaim front the pulpit and the platform against
popery but his object in doing so is one of unmingled
charity. It is to the advocates of popery that the charge
of illiberality is applicable. They would perpetuate the
bondage in which one fourth of her Majesty's subjects
are placed. It is the-editor of the Mercury, and not the
Rev. Hugh M'Neile, that seeks to rivet the manacles on
the limbs of his fellow-subjects.
Popery is essentially opposed in principle to every
species of rational liberty. No such liberty exists in
countries which are exclusively popish. It is likewise
opposed to freedom of conscience and religious toleration.
Eery man, therefore, who interposes an obstacle in the
way of popish ascendancy confers a benefit upon his
fellow-subjects. To grant power to the popish priests is
to place in their hands a weapon for destroying our civil
and religious privileges. To withhold power from them
is the act of a title patriot.
" But," the Mercury will exclaim, " by seeking to
abrogate the catholic emancipation act, Mr. M'Neile
shows that he is a persecutor of Roman catholics"• No
such thing. Would any one call it an act of persecution
to snatch the fatal dagger from the hands of an assassin ?
We have thus touched upon the only points in the
article of the Mercury which seem to call for any remark.
The quotations from Boswell's Life of Johnson, Dr,.
Franklin, Dr. Walcott, and the Earl of Durham's
speech, we pass by as undeserving of the slightest
notice, inasmuch as they do not touch upon the point at
issue.

RATING OF SMALL TENEMENTS.--We are glad to find
that the obnoxious act introduced into the Commons by
Sir Harry Verney has been cushioned for the present.
It is not at all improbable, after the very strong expres-
sions of disapprobation with whic!l the measure was
met by men of all parties in the house, that it will not be
brought forward again. That it' will ever pass into a
law we cannot believe. Its effects upon the poorer_
class 'of householders was amply demonstrated by Mr.
Cooper, at the last meeting of the Town Council. There
is, however, another consideration, incidentally alluded
to by Sir Robert Peel, in the discussion which took place
on the subject, which, apart from any other, ought to
ensure the rejection of such an arbitrary measure. It
is well known that, in rural districts, it is customary for
the richer clan; of landowners to erect cottages on their
estates, in which their labourers are permitted to live
rent-free. We believe that the present Marquis of West-
minster has several hundreds of such cottages on his es-
tates. If such premises are •alssesAed, and the landlords
compelled to pay the rates, it will either put an end to
such a laudable practice/ or lead the landlords to impose
a rent upon the cottages.
While adverting to this subject, .we are forcibly re-
minded of the narrow and exclusive policy of our Town
Council. Why did they refuse to give•this subject their
consideration ? ,Did it. not affect the local interests of
the town in the highest degree? Had not Mr. Cooper
a precedent for its introduction ? Why was the question
of Negro Apprenticeship mooted in the Council ? The
truth is that the Council did not dare to commit them-
selves on this question. A candid avowal of the opinions
of the majority might have led to certain awkward ques-
tions at the next municipal election.

TO THE CONSERVATIVES OF LIVERPOOL—Once more
we fervently intreat the Conservatives of Liverpool to
be on the alert, to frustrate the schemes of Joshua Walms-
ley and the Tradesmen's Reform A,sociat ion, in reference
to the management of our parochial affairs. We have
reason to believe that the radicals are more diligent than
ever in making their arrangements for "carrying the
parish offices by storm," and we can assure our readers

;F.':. ,*." "Y :~`FJerlNr :~B'^sJL~Q7t~7:

that it is only by active and energetic exertions that the
plotters can be successfully disappointed.

But, though the radicals observe the strictest secresy
as to their plans, they make no secret whatever as to
their ultimate objects. They boast that the rejection of.
Sturges Bourne's Act will throw all the pan:chial patron-
age into their own-hands. We well know how that pa-
tronage. would be exercised. One of the first steps which
the faction would have recourse to would be the conver-
sion of the select vestry into an exclu§ive body. At
present the constitution of that body precludes the pos-
f ibility of any thing like partiality. Though the con-
servatives, under the present system of voting, might, if
they chose, eleLt none but man of their own party as
members of the select vestry, it is well known that they
have made it a rule to select an equal number of con-
servatives and liberals. The accession of the radicals to
the complete control of our parochial affairs would be
followed by a select vestry of their own party exclusively.

But this would not be all. The ulterior consequence
would be that the radicals would have the power IQ inter-
fere with the lists of voters for the borough.
We know that the conservatives can prevent all the
contingent evils which might thus arise. We trust that
they have also the will to crush any attempt which their
opponents may make.

O'CONNELL AND THE IRISH POOR LAW BILL.—The
Irish Poor Law Bill was again under discussion in the
House of Commons on Friday last, when, upon the mo-
tion for going into committee, an amendMent was moved
by Mr. O'Connell, to the effect that the House should go
into committee on the Bill that day six months. Upon
a division there appeared for the motion, 277; for the
amendment, 25 ; majority 252.
The principle of the bill has thus been solemnly affirm-
ed by an overwhelming majority, and there can be little
doubt that this indispensable provision, will.ahortly, after
undergoing sundry modifications, pass into a law.
As might have been expected, O'Connell stood for-
ward as the strenuous opponegt of this desirable mea-
sure. What a singular thing it is that this man should
continue to maintain any degree of ascendancy over the
minds of his fellow-countrymen ! There is scarcely a
single measure, calculated to confer a real benefit upon
the Irish peasantry, to which he has not offered every
resistance in his power. And vet he is lauded by the
Whig press as the friend of Ireland! As to the radicals
they have long sii-,ce found out and repudiated the man.
The only party with whom he has any popularity are the
Whigs—the weakest of all the three great political par-
ties of the country.

Of course the real secret of O'Connell's opposition to
Poor Laws for Ireland is a base, selfish motive. He
lives and fattens upon the miseries of his countrymen.
Their poverty is the source of his riches. Their wretch-
edness enables him to revel in luxury. Make the poor
Irish happy and contented, and you take away the theme
of O'Connell's agitation, and, as a natural consequence,
unless he can invent fresh grievances, you deprive hint
of his " rent." It is well known that the miserable pea-
santry of Ireland contribute their pence to support the
bloated mendicant under the impression that he is en-
gaged in procuring certain benefits for them—that he is
labouring to increase their personal comforts. Grant
them the boon for which they :ire so anxiously seeking.
and you immediately spoil O'COnnell's trade. You
throw him once more upon his own. resources for pro-
curing an honest livelihood. Thisis an alternative which
O'Connell dreads as he would the plague. At the bar he
could with difficulty make his £5OOO a year—as a pauper-
pensioner he pockets his £16,000 a year. Therefore we
find O'Connell opposing the introduction of Poor Laws.
into Ireland.

As many of our readers may be curious to ascertain
the nature of O'Connell's objections to the Irish Poor
Law Bill, we shall state them as concisely as possible.
He opposed the bill for the following reasons:—
I. Because he was opposed, on principle, to every
scheme of compulsory relief.
2. Because a Poor Law system is not only false in
principle, but. that it will be
_found utterly inadequate to
effect a removal of the miseries which afflict Ireland.

3. Because the projected system of relief Would check
the "voluntary flow of chat lib" and operate as a confis-
cation of property.
In addition to this, O'Connell asserted that the Irish
poor would not accept of workhouse relief—that they
would rather accept of-the stualle3t pittance out-of doors
in exchange for their labour, and that the inatnediate con-
sequence would be an increased immigration of Irish
labourers into England, and a depression of agricultural
wages in this country.
O❑ these fanciful and contradictory objections the
Morning Herald has the following judicious remarks:—

" When we calmly look at these various argun►ents against
the principle of a poor law fur Ireland, their childish and con-
tradictory nature becomes at once apparent.

" for instance, it is gravely urged by Mr. O'Connell,
that a poor law for Ireland of any kind will check the flow of
voluntary relief, ansi at the same time operate as a sentence of
' confiscation upon all property—is it possible to avoid perceiv-
ing, that the poor law in question cannot have both the effects
imputed to it? if the poor law is to check the " flow of volun-
tary relief"—.the property now distributed under the system
of voluntary relief must, of necessity, be saved. And if, as
Mr. O'Connell tells us, the Irish poor will not accept of relief
under the proposed system, how can their rejection of relief
operate as a sentence of confiscation upon property ?
" As'th the poor-rate being a tax—it may be sufficient to an
saver, that the present system of mendicancy is a tax; and a
tax, moreover, falling exclusively upon the classes of persons,
least qualified to bear it. It is the small farmer, the actual cul-
tivator of the soil who now supports almost entirely the unem-
ployed poor of Ireland. The landlords contribute scarcely any
thing; the greater number of landlords contribute not one
farthing, to the intolerable impost which now weighs upon the
farmer. The projected poor law will throw open the class of
landlords the greater portion of the burden ; and whatever por-
tion the actual cultivator of the soil may contribute, will be re-
turned to him two-fold. For let it be observed, that now, the
unemployed poor are supported as vagrants. They give no
equivalents for their maintenance. But under au honest sys-
tem of poor laws, they will receive only wages for work.-'Their
labour will be directed to the cultivation of the soil; and thus,
for a small outlay, above what the existing system of vagrancy
costs the country, that increased amount of cultivation which
Mr. O'Connell declares cannot be secured for want of capital,
may be ensured to every corner of Ireland. Throughout his
course of argument, indeed Mr. O'Connell Seems to assume,'
that its the absence of a plinciple of compulsory relief, the poor
of Ireland coat nothing. The cost a great deal—and they give,
as vagrants, nothing in exchange fOr their maintenance. Their
maintenance, besides, falls, e,xclusiv9ly„on the classes least able
to endure the burden. A poor laW, (rained in a free spirit, will
remove all these blemishes frcon the rural economy of Iraland ;
and secure to that unhappy country, at remote
. period, a
larger measure of prosperity, than would the transference to
her shores of twenty millions of capital, if unaccompanied by
the establishment of a system tending to secure at once the
wants of the poor, and the property of the rich."

THE WHIG MINISTRY A':ID THE ARMY.—We find
the following mysterious paragraph in the Times of
Saturday last. We sincerely hope that the despicable
intrigue alluded to will never succeed :
" We shall watch with more than curiosity—with indeed, no
small anxiety—the public and undisguised developement of
Lord Ilowick's wholesale scheme fer the jobbery and corruption
of the British army, if Lord Melbourne's known objections
have been over-powered by the peevish and mulish pertinacity
of the Secretary-at-War, then we shall not hesitate to charge
the Prime Minister with suffering himself to be ignobly over-
ruled, and from the paltry motive of indulging his native indo-
lence, on the principle of "anything for a quiet life." How the
noble Premier will set about mystifying her Majesty out of the
command of the royal army of England, by which her prede-
cessors of the House of Brunswick have ever held fast, or
through what mixture of sophistry and cool effrontery he wit
oppose the crotchets of his petulant Wbig colleague to the
calm and conclusive reasonings 9f such men as the Duke of
Wellington against the subjection of the army to to the House
of Commons, which reasonings are to be found, not merely in
the evidence of that illustrious warrior, but in other documeuts
with which Lord Melbourne needs not be told that her Majesty
has for some time been familiar, we decline conjecturing. It is
mighty fine to solicit the highest military advice when we hate
purposes of ourown to serve by it ; but it is liner still to reject
the "lessors of profound and practical wiAdom " from the same
quarter, when we meditate no purpose hut those of mean and
prptligate corruption."

That the Whig Ministers are prepared to sacrifice the
army for the purpose of securing the futther adherance
and support of the radicals we can easily imagine; but
that a British House of Commons will agree to such an
unprincipled compromise, we can by no means believe.

FEBR uA y 13, PN:iB.

3T777.M.7.ALF45,,,,,,7'.,,...TA •

L. 00.-11, NEIVS.

"FREEDOM OF ELEcTioN.—SEoTIISwooDE CoNSPiR ACT."
—Yesterday, au advertisement in the Albion, having the above
heed, anuoui.ced that "a meeting of the friends of reform inter-
estedin &tear lug the attempt of the Seorriswooun: CoNFEDE-
RACY to unseat tuose !mend members of the House of Com-
mons against whose return petitions have been already pre-
sented," would be held at Eastwood's Royal Hotel, Dale-street,
at two o'clock, "Genrge Williams, chairman." Seeing this
alloouncemeul, our reporter attended the meeting" at a few
naiuutes before two o'clock, and the only occupants of East-
wood's large room, for a considerable time, were himself and
another gentleman of the press. At two o'clock, wheu about
departing, as there were uosyuiptolns of any " Reform meeting"
or gat he ring Of declaimers about ‘• Freedom of Election," Mr. ki.
T. Atkins.m, the secretary of the Reform Association, made his
anearance, and Informed us that it was a private meeting, were
reporters were nut admitted. We thought the gentleman per-
fectly correct, for it was, evidently, private enough, su we wished
hint good afternoon, and left him to the lull enjoyment of
•. privacy." We wonder if any bombastic resolutions will be pub-
lished at the result of this "meeting." We are always strongly
reminded, when our attention is ca.fed to the frothy proceedings
of this entitle, of the religious fruit seller of Constantmoioe, who
went about crying—" lu the name of the Prophet —figs 11"
WHITEHALL, FEB. 1, 1838.—The Lord Chancellor has ap-
pointed William Pritt, or Liverpool, in the county of Lancaster,
gentleman), to be a Master Extitturdivaty in the Court of
Chancery.—Gazette, February h.
INSOLVENT DEBTORS' CoußT.—The following alterations
are announced, in Friday's Gazette, for the ensuing Northern
Circuit of (leery li veil Reynolds, Esq., her Majesty's Chief
Counnissiuner for the Re4ef of Insolvent Debtors :
LANCASHIRE.—At Preston, 'Thursday, March 20th; Lan-
caster, Thursday, March 22; Liverpool, Monday, April 'll.
C HEsHIn E.—At Chester and City, Thursday, April 5. -
I'Llsasninu.—At Mold, Saturday, Ainil 7.
Db.NBIGHs-HIRE.—At Ruthin' Monday, April 9.
ANGLESEA.—At Beaumatis, Wednesday, April 11.
CARNARVoNSHIRE.—AI CatUarVull, Thursday, April 12.
'I'HE ASsIZEs.-=We have authority to state, that the Judges
have made the following order as to the trial of causes at Li-
verpool :—That all the undeiended causes in the second list
shall be tried before the Judge presiding in the Crown Court, so
soon as he shall have finished criminal business; and that all
causes subsequent to lOU on the gross entry be immediately
afterwards taken by the same Judge in regular order, unless
any such causes shall have been previously disposed of by the
Judge in the Civil Court, or, from the state of the business, it
may be found unnecessary to have the assistance of the Judge
on the Crown Side. If the parties be. tug ready to try pursuant
to the about order, their causes wilt be struck oul.7—Times.
NORTHERN HOSPITAL-7-W Saturday afternoon five acci-
dents were conveyed to this Institution from nifferent pails of
the northern district of the town, two of which were of so despe.,-
rate a nature as to render immediate amputation necessary.
This ought to convince the inhabitants of Liverpool of the vast
utility ofsuch an institution, situated as it is in the very centre
of business, and in the most densely populated part of Liver-
' pool. We trust there will be a full attendance at the General
Meeting of its friends and supporters, which will take place itt
the Music-hall, 80ld-street, when all may have an opportunity
of hearing us merits discussed, by such men as the Itev. Hugh
M`Neile, and others of the leading clergymen of this town—
many of whom, we understand, have spontaneously offered the
warmest support in behalf of so deserving a charity.
SCOTCH SECESSION CHURCH.—On the 3d instant the United
Secession Coegtegation of Catrine, in Ayrshire, gays a uuani-
mous call to the Rev. John Young, of Glasgow, to be their
pastel. This interesting young minister of the Gospel, we are
informed, would have been a candidate in the late election for
an assistant to the piesent pastor of the Secession Church,
Mount Pleasant; but the unprecedented circumstances which
took place there on that occasion prevented it. The vary
individual who was to have proposed him being so overwhelmed
with the unanimous feeling expressed in favour of the gentleman
chosen that be was unable to open his mouth, and the mere
sober minded members of the congregation consider he acted
with great wisdom and prudence on the occasion, the display of
christian submission which be exhibited in so doing cads forth
our warmest praise, and is _worthy of imitation. The satisfac-
tion experienced by him iu his own bosom that evening must
be its uwu reward.

The more the merits of Mr. Laidlaw's Panorama of Jerusa-
lem, &c. get circulated, the more it will prove a souice of ge-
neral resort; and we are happy toobserve that it is-daily visited
by great numbers of the'inost respectable class of society.
LFCTURES ON THE BEAUTIES ON GEOGRAPHICAL. SCIENCE.
—Our townsman, Mr. John Smith, has just concluded a suc-
cessful circuit in the north-east of England, where his lectures
on improved edeuation had previously made him well known to
the public. On the present occasion his lectures on the beau-
ties of geographical science were welcomed with enthusiasm in
all the towns :—North and South Shields,Sunderlaid, Durham,
Darlington, Stockton-on-Tees, and Newcastle - upon -Tyne.
While he was at the latter place he received a docunient, signed
by the Mayor and phucipal gentry of Stockton, recommending
his return to that town. to repeat his lectures in the Theatre, in
order that large numbers of ail classes of society might have the
-opportunity of attending. This proposal was immediately acted
upon with the most satisfactory results. Mr. Smith states, that'
the whole district is in a state of steady and increasing prospe-
rity, not at all perceptibly affected by the recent depression of
the Anglo-American interests on this side of the island.

---
A FALSE itumoutt.—The following strange story has been
the on (lit of the week, and much have the lovers of scandal been
pleased by its circulation. Like many of the stories that have
taken the strongest hold of the public mind. it is pure fiction
from beginning to end. It is stated, that a young female went,
one day last week of the week before, for the period is variously
stated, into the shop of a respectable mercer in this town, and,
having purchased some articles, tendered a note in paymeht.
Tha shopmtn looked at the note, and, to his amazement, saw
that it was for the sum of f. 5011. Ile asked the young woman
if she knew what she had given him. She said, " Yes; it is a
jive pound note." The young man immediately went and in-
formed his principal, who called the woman behind the counter.
She appeared greatly surprised when she was informed of the
amount of the note, and, in reply to the questions of the toaster,
said, she was chambermaid at one of the hotels in the town, and
had received the bill from a gentleman who had made her a
present of it. The landlord of the hotel was immediately sent
for, and the result was, so goes the story, that the female was
taken before .Mr. 11,01, who heart( the ease in private. The
gentleman who owned the note, it is said; appeared, and stated
that he had given it in mistake. The female, however, refused
to deliver up the note, slying, that as they had chosen to take
her there and ruin
.her character, she was determined to keep
the money as a compensation. The conclusion of the story is,
that Mr. Hall said, he had no power to compel her to give it
up, and that he discharged her. So confident were the narratcits
of the above tale of its truth that we deemed it necessary to
make inquiry into the circumstances. The result is as before
stated: we have ascertained, that it is utterly untrue, and that
there is not the slightest foundation for any portion of
Albion.

THB NEWS COLLECTORS AGAlN.—These gentlemen have,
during the past week, been on the alert at all points which it
was possible the New York packet could approach on her pas-
sage to Liverpool, Early in the week, one of the number took
his station at Holyhead, in the hope of intercepting the Europe
as she passed. On Thursday he was joined by a brother
editor, who visited the Head to assist him with his vigilance.
The Europe, however, did not, most provokingly, show herself
to the longing eyes of the pair, who returned to Liverpool on
Friday, by the Holyhead mail, after an unsuccessful expedition
in search of Canadian news. On Wednesday two steam-boats
went to sea "on speculation." Each carried a news collector
with her; but, after having been knocked about all night, both
returned next day, without having had the luck to meet with
the New York packet. Other trips were, we believe, taken on
subsequent days, but with the same bad luck. One of the morn-
ing papers has an agent stationed at the Cove of Cork, that, if
any passengers should land there from Europe, he may obtain
and express the news she is expected to bring to London. The
fate which has just befallen another news collector ought, how-
ever, to operate as a warning to the whole fraternity. This in-
dividual, having proceeded to sea in a steamer sent out to cruize
in the probable track of the Europe, and wishing, after an in-
terval, to land, got on board a brig from the Mediterranean,
bound to Dublin. Dublin harbour was, with a strong south-
easter, quickly reached; but when our hero was just on the
point of proceeding nu shore, to and behold ! the brig, having
a foul bill of health, was placed under quarantine for 14 days!
The unfortunate news collector is, of course, detained on board
until the expiration of his term of imprisonment. Who, after
this, would venture to sea in search of news?—Albion.
PROVIDING WORK FOR THE PoOß,—There is one feature.
in a benevolent society in town, which deserves particular
notice at the present period of unprecedented suffering of the
poor. The society alluded to, is the Ladies' Benevolent Society
for Clothing the Scottish Poor, and is under the superinten-:
dance of the ladies belonging to the churches in connection
with the Established Church of Scotland here—Oldham-street
and Rodney-street. The practice of this society is to supply the
deserving Scottish poor with clothing, at reduced prices, during
the months of winter. The materials, -we understand, are pur-
chased by the society at the wholesale price, and every article
disposed of at the depository, with a few exceptions, is made ex-
clusively the poor themselves, and thus twice blessed to
them; firstyas a source of employment, and then as bestowed
upon them in the shape of comfortable clothing, at perhaps,,
half the cost price. This year, however, it would appear that is
considerable increase has taken place in the number of applis
cants for work—not clothing—a. circuwatance which marks
beyond anything the peculiar pressure upon the iudustrioust
poor at the preseut moment. I'o meet this, the committee.
lately resolved that, while continuing to serve the poor as hith-
erto, at reduced prices, according to their circumstances, they
should throw open the sales of the depository to all who may be
disposed to purchase at cost price, Thee, nsequence has been
oatahfcle,pir,p,ou,
oois)ori, considerable
proportionate
t.sh. rtie.ecramehs:ei
sill:::
nit
nhhtee, sales
r she uasars
resolution
oeirteliytinntgioaortffnhwoe,:,
fidtir
affordedt
giventone
connitiuohi tnt
tab:
etiednr:
it would not have been in their power to de. If this is, as we
suspect, a feature of benevolence peculiar to this society, it eel'.
taiuly deserves to be mere extensively known, end, lye • doubhte
not, will be as extensively imitated. Its Morally healthful
character will commend it to every practical mind. Its success
must depend on the support given to it by its friends.
SOUTHeonT.--Werunderstand the new baths to be erected
at Southport are forthwith to be commenced. The successful
contractor is Mr. Wright, builder, of Southport, whose well-
known abilities give a sufficient assurance that the work will be
completed in the fit st style.—Maochester Courier.
liousE RonnEntEs.—Some time betwixt Tkursdac night and
Friday morning, the house of Mrs. Billinee, Jude's terrace,
was broken into by thieves, who carried off a black satin cloak
an some plaited articles. They had made Their way into the
house by forcing tip the lid of a coal cellar, and then cutting
through a dour.—Daring the week, a cellar in Vauxhall Road,
containing wearing apparel, was entered by cutting a pane of
glass in the centre of the window. The thieves helped them-
selves to three new calico dresses, a silk and cotton shawl, men's
and boy's jackets and trowsers, &c.—An empty house in Caz-
neae-street Las been stripped of bell-pulls. box-locks, fire-grates,
lead piping, &c. Some suspicious anearance lead the police"
to examine the house, when they found it in the state dent lt ed.
DEATH THROUGH SUFFOCATION, PRODUCED ay DRINKING
ARDENT SPIRITS.—On Tuesday last an inquest was held on'
the body of a man, named Evan Hughes, a pilot, formerly re.
siding in ltighy-street, who died on the Sunday previous, in
ronsequence of having drank a large quantity of ardent spirits.
The following is an outline of the evidence produced on the
inquest :—Jawes Philips deposed, that be was a master-mari-
ner, and was acquainted with the deceased. On Sunday last
they were in cenipany together, in a public-housp, where they
had each from three to four glasses of whisky to drink, after
which they retired to deceased's house. where they both fej
asleep. Witness awoke about five "clock in the evening, arid
left the deceased, es he supposed, asleep. About eight o'clock
the" mother of the deceased, along with another person, on entering the house, found the deceased,ls ing dead on his Cack,
on the flour, with Ids legs upon the ell'airs. Mr. Cooper, the
surgeon, stated, that he had, opened the body and found tho
lungs nearly black, and a strong smell of spirits in the stotnech.
lie was of opinion, that the deceased died from suffocation,
produced by apoplexy of the lungs, caused be the drinking of
ardent spirits, and, from the position he was fouutl in, he was:
confirmed iu that opinion. Verdict accordingly:

F,,,r,:zum's 13, is ''S

Al F.ETTNG-01'"1" il E NIAIIIN 1:1I'S CIITJUC:I SOCIVJ

On Friday the annual meeting of this society was held at the
Alia:iv-haft Bold-street, at Twelve o'clock, the I.ord Bishop of
the -Diocese, occupying the chair. The meeting was very thinly
attended, Si. much so that we were in doubts whether that,.
would be a meeting, not above 25 persons being asstaubled. The
extremely wet day might in some measure account for this. On
the entrance of the Right Rev. Chairman he was accompanied
by the Reverends 11. M'Neite, Maynard, James Haldane Ste-
wart, Buddicom, Lawrence, Davis, Lyons; Adam Iludgson,
Esq., &c. &T.
On taking the chair, his Lordship called the Rev. Mr. -May-
nard, the chaplain of the Mariners Church, to open the pro-
(ARAMs; with prayer.
•IT-he Right Rev. CHAIRMAN in opening the business of the
meeting said, it had been called with the desire of excitma the
attention of the eimentmiay to a class of persans who formed a
very important part of it. Not indeed, now, fur the first time,
bet for the sake of renewing that interest which in the progress
of years scented, after being once excited. to be almwed in some
degree to become dormant astain. They all knew that he alluded
to those who brought to our ports as well as to our houses, in
much of that wealth, and of those cumforts by which we are
cheered, and enriched. It was characteristic of a christian
spirit, and a christian charity to look out to the different fields
which might be, opened for their exercise—to look to the dif-
ferent fields which might require cultivation, and amongst them
undoubtedly the class to which he alluded formed a very itn-
portant part. That class required, as they were well aware, a se-
parate provision; a provision which must -be peculiar to them-
selves, as they themselves formed a class, in many respects,
separate from the rest of the community, and for this purpose,
in order that they might be thus supplied, the institution that
he was naming was formed many years ago. • They would find
by the report which would be read to them, that the institution
had not been formed in vain, and that the blessing of Gad had, in
a great degree, accompanied the exertion a hieh taut been made.
But as was the case, not with this only, but with other societies
likewise, exertions were now revisite, because fresh expeudi
lure was necessary; and they desired to call ;he attention of all
.those who were interested in the class of which he spoke, to is
spiritual wauts, which, without such attention, must be neglltted.
For what would be said, if, aftei an undertaking oft his kind had so
prospered, it were to fall to the ground for want of sapport.
How bad a return should they make, if, after having seen
that the exertions of the society were bringing a blessing on it,
they neglected the exertions necessary to prevent them relaps-
ing again into irreligious apathy. his was a return which he
trusted would not be given by the inhabitants of Liverpool;
and he trusted, that. notwithstanding the unfavourable circum-
stances under which the present meeting was assembled, still,
that they should find the result of the meeting in some degree
corresponding with their wishes. The right rev. prelate con-
cluded with calling upon the chaplain of the Mai iner's Church
to read the report.
The Rev. Mr. MAYNARD then proceeded to read the report.
It set faith the great importance of promoting the spiritUal in-
terests of the sea-taring population. Formerly the sailor was
forgotten, and it might almost be said that no man cared for
his soul; but since the establishment of the Mariner's
Chanel, the door had been thrown-open for him. Who shaultl
say what had been the effect already produced, or the amount
of benefit which might.yet be conferred by this iustitution. It
behoved them to endeavour to alter the manners of the sailor,
for in the foreign poit the example he set counteracted the
efforts of the missionary. It was also the inure necessary that,
the means of grace should be held out to the sailor while oh
shore, from the great uucertainty of his life. At the Mariner's
church the sacrament was administered the first of every month,
anti there were from 30 to 40 communicants. Besides the Sun-
day's service, Divine service was rtdininistered every Tuesday.
The congregation was numerous, attentive, devout. A society
had also been formed amongst a number of young men for dis-
tributing the formularies of the church amongst the sailors at
Omit lodgings; and in some instances this had been found be-
neficial. At the same tune the society felt that much more
geod might be done did their funds permit. A reading room
bail been established fur sailors, with a fire, where they were
accommodated with banks; but this had been obliged to be
given up, as the resources of the society would not allow it.
Had it noebeen fir the liberal bequeat of the late Robert Sher
burn, Esq,, of £2OO, the society would have been greatly in
debt.
Mr. CHARLES PA RKER, the Treasurer of the Society, read
the statement of account, hum which it appeared that there
was a balance due to the treasurer of £35 18s.
The Rev. Mr. BunDicom said he had been requested to
Move " That the report now read, together with the treasurer's
accounts be printed and circulated under the direction of the
committee." He had great pleasure in fulfilling the duty, and
he only wished, for the sake of the
,society, that the room were
as full-as it could hold. He was much gratified by that part of
the report which spoke of the operations of the society, out of
the more immediate ministerial There. of the chaplain. it
Showed that material advantage might arise were the spirit and
principles of the Church of England were wrought out by the
co-operation of young men giving their assistance in promoting
our comtnou christianity. The situation of seamen was one of
a very peculiar kind, and they bad been peculiarly dealt with.
All classes of persons had considered them as altogether with-
out the sphere and pale of Christian exertions. It was coasi-
dered a kind-of ruin of the character of daring recklessness of
sea faring men if they were humanised by the blessings of re-
ligion—if their minds were enlightened. their affections altered,
and their hearts changed. 1 t was thought that the very moment
the power of God reached the seaman's heart, that very moment
it extinguished the; fiery enterprise of his character. That
opinion had been contradicted by men who had had experience
amongst seamen, and their testimony was enough to set that
matter at • rest. Another class of objectors was those who
considered sailors altogether incapable of rec.-lying spis
ritual knowledge: they had considered that the very boards
of the ships, especially of ships of war, in which seamen dwelt,
received such a measure of contamination that the ship became
as it were a very leprous house which must be actually taken
down because it was quite incapable of being purified. Ex-
perience had told them the fully and the vanity also, of that
view of the subject, far they khew (blessed be God ter the
knoWledge) that there were many vessels now nut of this port
the crews of which were now fearing God and working righteous-
ness, carrying. christianity amongst whom they went abroad,
and acting as would do honour to those who professed religion
and had better opportunities at home. (Hear.) The only
church in this town for a great number of centuries, he be-
lieveal, it was built soon after the conquest, wasthe parish chapel
of St. Nicholas, dedicated to a saint that was a patron of seamen
in the Itoruish calendar, and Rd uow the seamen had been left
to the patron saint St. Nicholas; for to the present time, while
churches and churches had been raised, nothing had been done
till within a few years for the accommodation of the seaman.
It might be said that the church doors wet e open to seamen as
to landsmen; but the difference of their mode of life madethem
Shrink from going, and it was a sort of giving-up of cast to sailors
to mingle in worship with landsmen. Seamen would not associ-
ate with landsmen .and it became them to furnish them with
the means of worshipping God in that way which was consistent
With their prejudices. And sure they all were, if they once
came to a knowledge of the value of the exceedingly precious
promises of God, that they would be then led to go wherever
the word of God was preached. They were called on as regard-
eat the beirefit they were continually 'deriving from them, and,
their _instrumentality, to assist them. We had been sitting
every man under hit own vitae and .fig tree—we had beeu
drinking of the waters of life, and had neglected them, and it
Was quite time for us to send spiritual blessings to them. He
coueluded with moving the resolution, which was seconded,
and carried unanimously.
The Rev. Mr. MAYNARD, Isilinving the next resolution, said
he felt that there was no class of persons for whom their exer-
tions should he exercised wilt, greater diligence and zeal than
far seafaring men. Let them consider, in the first place,
the temptations to which they were exposed even when thee
Came on shore. They were sent on board vessels at an early
period of life, and debarred from early instruction and from the
service of God in his sanctuary, and when they came on shore
there were thousands of temptations laid for them on every side.
If they felt a desire to remove them from the influence et' these
temptations, let them show that desire by coining forward and
suppottiha, this institution. After an impressive appeal on
behalf of the institution, he concluding with moving, "'That
this meeting desires to return thanks to Goil for that measure of
success which has hitherto attended the labours of the society ;
and regrets that its usefulness has been greatly impeded by the
want of funds." •He would put it to themselves whether the
sailors had received that support from the shipoWners which
they ought to have, and he doubted not but that they would
come to the resolution that the funds of the society should be
increased.
Anam PonGsos, Esq. rose to second the resolution, in the
absence of Mr. Horsfall, who was detained by a particular en-
gagement. He wished they could say so of ail the other ship-
owners absent that day. It was impossible nut to feel disap-
pointment at the meeting and the low state of tal
historyefuta ofa
tthae,
society; but if they referred hack to the early!
saciety it would tend to dispel those sentiments. He well re-
meraaered when the society was first projected, how many
various and painful difficulties it had to cantend against, whilst
they had scarcely a hand held up in its behalf. In a cause
like this he felt that despondency was criminal. It would have
been their duty to have persevered in a cause like this under
the most discouraging circumstances. He believed that there
was a moral and religious feeling excited in the town since this
society was established that made it itepossahle that it should
fall, Ile would state this confidently it; the face of the empty
benches before him that there was no fesx of the want of success
of the society. If the merchants would not come to that meet-
tog and hear the cause of the sailors pleaded, there were places
where it was a solemn duty fur them to attend, and where the
rev. gentlemen around bind cOuld discharge the highly respon-
sible duty which he cansidered was Mculithent upon them, of
advocating from their pulpits the claims of this society (hear).
He concluded with seconding the resolution, which was carried
unanimously.

The itev,'H. NUNetLE rose amidst loud applause to move
the next resolution, "that this society has strong and increasing
,claims on ship owners, merchants, and the-inhabitants of Liver-
pool for their support ; and that the clergy and friends of this
austitution be requested to use their influence and exertions to
promote its welfare." That resolution had been already
spolceu :Win a very touching and feeling way by Mr. Hodgson,
aid he for 'one felt his appeal. Ur. Hodgson bid used the
language of apology fur the present thinly attended meeting, he
would be faithful and ,bold enough to add the language of re-
proof. That meeting was a disgrace to Liverpool. If there
were any gentleman there who reported their proceedings fur
the public press, he wished, without intimating any disrespect
to any class of the community, that his sentiments on this point
should he known to the very large class of merchants in this
town who must have had notice of the meeting, and that their
respected Diocesan would preside over it, that this meeting was
an indelible disgrace to the town. He trusted be should be
excused for this reproof when he remembered that the scriptures
required of them reproof as well as exhortation and forbearance.
They naturally connected a sailor's life with exposure to dan-
ger,' And although they were in the midst of dangers them-
selves, so that even on land it was no exag,g.eration to say that
"in the midst of life we are in death ;" yet still undoubtedly,
etecordiug to the usual dealings of God with mankind, there •
was a much larger Manifest amount of risk of sudden death in
their case than in others; therefore according to the simplest
principle of calculation there ought to be in their case the high-
est principle of calculation there ought to be in their case the
highest possible amount of habitual preparedness for death—a
preparedness which Could only be real when based upon the love
of Christ. That sailors should be fitted for their calling, they
ought, it would he at once conceded, to be free from the fear of
danger and death. Add where should freedom from the fear of
death be found, such freedurn as became a' rational being,
Where? taut it) the knowledge of Him who gave Himself to
death, that through death he might deaitrov him that bad the
. .
Power of death, that is the devil, and deliver those who, through
fear of death,, were, all their life time, subject to bondage.
There was one consideration of great importance. Ile was
persuaded that there existed a wide spread delusion with regard
to ay. immediate effect of danger on the human mind. f 1 e
thought it was a very general opinion that in the extremity of
danger a man must and would repent; and that then, even iu
the last hour, crying to the merciful God, he would find uercy.
He ventured to call this a delusiete He did so, not from au}
feeling of limitation of the divine mercy, but from unwaveling
confidence in the truth of the divine woad. That truth was,
that Jesits Chi ist is the way," and that '' no man comet h to
Ulf' Father but by 1-1 iin." That "he who bath the Son bath
life, and that he that Oath uut the Sou of God hath Put life."

Lire f. 'matt was iu Christ, and could only be had by the
iyao, ye, to (;heist: lii ilt►a was tile, and no where else;
and except a man were in Ilium he had Out and could not have
life. Now, danger could not teach Christ. D inger could arouse
—cot ui terrify; but could not instruct. Dateemr could awaken
conscience; but danger cmild.not eieninniticate knowledge and
informatiou ; danger could licit originate •uew principles. It
was possible so to sear that ameiter as to-be Our harrier to the
wicked tuan's death. It was possible, indeed, awfully pos-
sible, so to silence that monitor as for a can to go fear-
less end headlong as a besotted drunkard into the pains of
eternity. These, they hoped, were but few and extreme
desperate cases. But, in the continua case of ordinary hole,
where the eonscionce was still within reach of being roused,
not naturally, but by the immediate pressure of emineut danger,
with such a conscience what could be done—what could it teach
in peril? It could only terrify us the more. It could condemn,
it could cause self-reproach, it could drive the man well nigh
to despair; but it could not iutorm the understanding, neither
could it place new principles in the affections; therefore the
hour of danger might come with alt its terrors, and it could
teach the terrified sailer nothing that belonged to the salvation
of his soul. , He may stand upon the deck, after having done
all that human wisdom can devise and ail that well directed
human strength and courage can conceiVe—he may stand ap-
palled in terror under the bursting wave, which has already
threatened him; but there is nothing in the terror nor in the
bursting wave above him which run teach him Christ;
and except he know Christ he cannot be saved. Oh, he
was well persuaded that there lurked at the root of the con-
duct of men to their fellow men, this real infidelity with regard
to God's wotd, a wide-spreading Indifference that was called
Christian charity, and instead of giving those who thought
diffeleut to them credit for the true charity that aimed at propa-
gating the only saving truth, they condemned their seutonents
as the narrowness of bigotry—hard-hearted oigittry, while they
looked on their own views as the wide-spreading mercy of a
kind creator ! This was a topic which he thought worthy of a
little further enquiry. Whatever the diameter and limited
feelings of a man might. be, danger w mid show it. Whatever
principle or kuitwledge was in a man's mind was brought out in
the hour of danger; hut there was no new knowledge, or prin-
ciple implanted by the clanger. This was strikingly illustrated
by the history cifJorps, the mariner. The Lord sent a storm
on the sea, mid the ship containing. Jonas and the mariners was
well nigh_lost. They read, that the mariners v ere afraid; there
was diuger—and " they called every man upon his God."
Whatever his view of God might have been, whatever his
feelings, whatever his superstition, danger drove hint to it; the
danger and terror taught him nothing, but. only taught him to
fly to what he before knew. "Every man called upon his
God." They were in earnest, for they discharged their cargo
into the .sea ; they threw out their wares to lighten the ship;
they threw away what rumen most value in the world, giving sub,
stautial proof that they were in earnest. 'Though terrified,
there was nothing in all this to teach them the true God, and
every man called upon his own God. When all their gods •
failed, they Went down into the cabin and awakened their
sleeper, and desired hint to call on his God. " Awake, oh
sleeper, and call on thy*.God'!" They knew not the God-of
Israel; cad here was a. most 'striking. proof that danger could
not teach Christ— thatdanger was not to be depended on for
driving men to repeetance at last. Oh, with what painful
feelings had he often heard that heart-withering, soul•destruc-
tive speech—that men at last may repent, and God is merciful,
and that they will not be lust! It was the deadliest barbarity,
and it was exercised" under the sacred garb of charity., That
sacred word was perverted to the. vilest purposes of the devil.
Seeing, then, that danger would not teach, but would rouse into
exercise that which we already knew, how urgent was it on
them that they should be taught the truth before they went into
tae danger! For, though the teaching al the time should fail
to take manifest eff,et on the character; yet, if they were taught
—if the name of the Lord Jesus Christ were set before them,
though the knowledge might be thrown aside, yet,' if there were
a seed of divine truth deposited in the soul, then, when the
hour of danger came—when the quickening impulse was given
to that soul—then, when the urgency of the case made a man
rise above the fear of the ridicule of hiscompanions, then there
might be a cry to the living anti true Gud ; then, and then only,
were they ready to believe that in the eleventh hour, in the last
quarter of that hour, a full, free, and glorious salvation might
be extended to the vilest wretch that ever stepped on board a
vessel. Therefore, let the truth be taught, in order that when
the (Imager comes they may have something, to lay hold of; and
now was the time; and this was the object they had in view—
to provide for the instruction of these meo in the gospel of God,
to provide them with a cargo that would never sink, which would
ride safely in every storm. if the persons mentioned in the reso-
lutiou were present—the shipowuers and merchants of Liverpool
—he would say to them :—Gentlemen, possessing hundreds
of thousands, all wealth which you have made through the com-
merce carried on in this port, look at the instruments through
whose labour and toil this Wealth has been made, and ask your-
selves if you give a guinea a year, if you give as much, to the
Mai iuers' Church Society, is this the return which they are to
receive at your hands. Offer a guinea a year for the horses
which draw your equipage, would it be received ? Offer a gdi-
nea for the dinner which loads your table-will it pay fur it?
Offer a guinea for the raithent which adorns your poor perishing
carcass—will it pay fur it ? :And yet you offer a guinea a year,
and many not a shilling, for time religious teaching of the men
who have poured the wealth of the- universe into your lap of
Liverpool !" The same thing pressed on the rest of society, on
the clerks in counting-houses, as welt as on the merchants, for
On the amount of trallie- depended the prosperity of all. He
concluded an eloquent appeal, which our limits oblige us to
curtail, with moving the resolution, which was carried uncial-
inously.
The Itev. Mr. LAwauNcE moved "'That the thanks of this
meeting be given to the chaplain, the officers, and the commit-
tee for their past exertions, and that the gentlemen whose
natoes are on the list be requested to continue their services,
with power to add to their number." The resolution was se-
conde'd, and carried unanimously
Captain BURGOYNE, a retired captain in the navy, here
stepped forward and spoke at•some length, and contended that
the fault was not in the Seameu that they were not au immoral
set of emen naturally. They had out the opportunity, nor the
means given to them of becoming religious and moral.
The Rev. JAMES HALDANE STEWART proposed the thanks
of the meeting to the .Lord Bishop of the Diocese, for his kind-
ness on the present octusiou, and for the warm interest he had
always shown to the society." He supported the objects of the
society in a strong appeal In its behalf, and prtiposed that au
address on behalf olthe.institution should he placed in the pews
of the churches, and: that the Rev. Hugh M`Neile should 'be
solicited to plead ta sailors' cause in each of the pulpits of the

clergy.
His Lo R nsutri brieflyrespouded to the compliment. He felt
it to be his duty to take the part which he did. There were last
year 18.000 British seamen at the port of Liverpool; and if in
any other part of his diocese he :heatd of such a number .of his
fold without a shepherd, he should feel himself in duty bound
to call on the men of property in the neighbourhood to provide
the means for their spiritual teaching, as he now called on the
merchants of Liverpool joprovide the means for the spiritual
teaching of the Liverpool seamen.
A doxology was then sung, and the meeting separated at
three o'clock.

THE LIVER THEATRE.—This delightful little place of amuse-
ment Continues to till to overflowing each night. Madeutoiselle
Celeste now forms the loadstone of attraction, and a most
powerful one.
THE AMPHITHEATRE.-:-ThIS theatre continues to rise in
public favour, and the boxes are becoming gradually lined with
respectable visitants. The manager. exerts himself in every
way to ensure success.
BLUE COAT IiosPITAL.—Ou Sunday morning next, a sermon
in aid of this useful institution will be preached at St. Stephen's
Church, Byrom-street, by. the minister of the church. the Rev.
J. Picton, after which a collection will be made in :aid of the
funds.

111 it. GeoaGE HOLDEN'S CONCERT.—We are much pleased
to hear, that Mr. George Holden's concert, which is fixed for
this evening, is likely to have so brilliant an. audience. It has
been most judiciously fixed as to time: the town is perfectly
quiet, and there is neither any prominent excitement nor amuse-
tnent to engage the public mind. The concert, from this cause,
stands every chance of becoming a focus of attraction. We hear
that the box circle is completely filled, and that the seats are
taken by distinguished parties. As a musical performance, it
puts forth high pretensions. We have announced as principal
vocalists, Mrs. Allred Shaw, Miss Bruce, Mr. Walton, and Mr.
Macklin. The instrumental department is enriched by the ta-
lents of Mr. Geo. Heiden, Mr. Aldridge, and Mr. Brown. Se-
lections have been chosen from Mozart, Haydn, Beethoven,
Spohr, Rossini, Mercadanti, Bishop, &c. &c., and so far as we
have heard, it bids fair to be a truly splendid and delightful
concert. We perceive that a steam-boat will ply to Birkenhead
immediately after the concert is over, for Ilia convenience of the
inhabitants of Cheshire.

PARRIS'S PoRTRA IT DV THE QUEEN.—The inhabitants of
the town have.. duriog the. last week, through the politeness of
Mr. Burland, been afferded the opportunity of witnessing a
most beautiful water colour portrait ut the Queen, and if report
speaks truly, a most correct likeness of her Majesty. This very
beautiful
.portrait has been obtained by Mr. Borland in order to
authenticate the mezzotinto engraving by Wagstaffe, taken
from it, several beautiful prints loon which Mr. Borland has on
sale. In speaking of the painting as a wick of art, we cannot
do better thau quote the Spectator's notice of it We saw
the other day Mr. Parris's portrait of the Queen : it is half
length, painted in water coiours. It is a true and agreeable
resemblance, with an expression of ingenious sweetness, and an
air of graceful simplicity, characteristic of our youthful Queen.
As a work of art it is highly wrought and brilliantly coloured.
Spectator."
SHINIEALL'S COMPLETA EccLESTASTicA L ART.—We have
just seen a copy of this truly splendid work. It affords a coin-
plete view of ecclesiastical History: front the earliest records,
sacred and profane, down to the present day ; shewiug its
con-
nection with civil history and prophecy : exhibiting at a single
view the 'identity and perpetuity Of the church, in her adverse
and prosperous states, under.the Mosaic and Christian dispen-
sations, and comprehending ..a detailed.account of the political
events, external hiStory, internal government, religious üb-
servances, and growing corruptions of the Church. it also
gives a full history of the reformation: embracing the names of
remarkable persons—viz., bishops, popes, martyrs, • writers,
doctors, ,philosophers, emperors, tc. It also furnishes a general-
survey of doctrines, sects, councils, and prevailing systems of
philosophy ; the comparative rise, revolutions, and fall of the
principal empires in the world ; and a complete nucleus to the
fulfilment of prophecy. - This _elaborate woi k has attained the
most distinguished patronage in America and we perceive
that it is recommeuded to the notice of the British public by
some of the most eminent divines and scholars to England.
The magnitude and interest of the work—the labour bestowed
on its compilation, and the surpassing beauty of its mechanical
execution must secure for it an extensive sale. it is, in fact, a
complete map of the religious history of mankind, in every age,
and as such must form one of the most suitable presents which
could be made to any young person.

RUNCORN.—The spring which supplies the majority of the in-
habitants of this town with water, is about to be conveyed, by
means of pipes, to a more central and convenient situation. It
is proposed to erect a running pump, with three or four spouts
in the course of the stream, opposite the Town-hall, and that
it may be not only useful-to the public, but ornamental to that
building, a jet d'eau will be formed at the top, CO as to throw
water in souse pleasing form. The surplus from the pump, and
that thi,)l,,n by the jet d'eau, will fall into a handsome basin,
for the use of cattle.

MANCHESTER AND LivEnpoot PLATE GLASS COMPANY.—
A number of the principal shareholders in this undertaking,
from Manchester and Liverpool, met on Monday week, by in-
vitation of the directors, at the company's establishment, Sut-
ton, (near St. Helens,) to inspect the works, which are, now
in a state of completion, and to witness the manufacturing Of
plate glass. The casting of four large plates was accomplished
very successfully under the direction of Mr. Howard, the ma-
nager. and the colour and quality was considered very perfect.
After having been present at the casting, and conves Mg the
glass to the annealing- ovens, the company examined the vari-
ous buildings and apparatus, and expressed themselves much
gratified both with the works and the manner in which the cast
mg was effected. A lunch was served to the visitors in the
casting-hall, (one of the largest rooms in the kingdom supported
without pillars,).after which the party returned per railway.—
Manchester Courier,

PO LICE I 7'E SCE.

. .
STCALING A Ls:A.Tti fi AT-Box ---A young man named
James Gibbons, was on Friday charged at the Police• court
with stealing a leather hat-box from the shop of Itylands arid
Utegg. Itrtmantep-mskers. Lord-street. On Thursday even-
ing, eight. o'clock, Samuel Clarkson, an apprentice With
Mr. Musker, tailor, was putting up the shutters athis master's
snop, when he observed the prisoner matte a leap at a carpet
bag which was hanging outside Messrs. Ryland and Clegg's
door. Not succeeding in reaching it, he went into the shop
and soon after came Ma with -a leather hat-box. Clarkson im-
mediately informed Mr. Ryland, and pursuit was made after
the prisoner, who threw away the hat-box and took refuge in a
cart in Rarrington-street, where he was taken into custody.•
The hat-box which was worth Bs., was found in an entry. -The
prisoner was committed to the sessions.
EMBEZZLEMENT BY A SHOPMAN..—Thomas Wadley, an
elderly man, was on Friday, charged before ill r. Hall with
having embezzled two several sums of money which he had
received on behalf of his employer, Mr. Pain, hat-dealer,.
Byrom-street. Mr. Pain has two shops in Byrom-street, one
of which had been kept by the prisoner for seven weeks. In
consequence of suspicions, Mr. Pain desired Mr. Shepherd, a
friend of his, to go to the shop kept by the prisoner after the
regular • hours, and purchase a hat. Mr. Shepherd went, as
desired, about half-past eight on Monday night, and obtained
admission, he purchased a hat for six shillings, out of which the
prisoner allowed him lAd. for a glass of ale. Next day, (Tues-
day) Mr. C. H. 'Thompson, London load. also went to the
shop at Mr. Pain's request, and purchased another hat for 13s.
In the statement of each days business which Wadley gave in
to Mr. Pain's housekeeper, during his absence, he had rendered
no account of the two hats. Papers were handed up to Mr.
Flail containing an account of each day's business on Monday,
Tuesday, and Wednesday, on which were marked the price
paid fur the hats, and that at whit-h they were sold. The pri-
soner endeavoured to account for the price of both the hats by
referring to the price at which- another hat was charged on one
of the papers; but his explanatiou was not intelligible to the
court. It was elicited, in the course of the investigation, that
hats of the same value were sold at different prices. The price
paid by Mr. Pain for the hats question, was for the first
4s 3d., sold at 65.; fur the second Bs. lid. sold at 13s. Mr. Hall
said he must see the statement of Tuesday's business before he
could-decide the case. It was possible the prisoner might have
left the money that was deficient in the till. Mr. Pain said the
money was always brought to him along with the daily state-
ment. No account appeared in Tuesday's statement of the hat
sold on Monday evening, and it ought to have been the first
article on the list, as it was sold after Monday's statement had
been made up. Mr. Hall 'insisted on seeing the Tuesday's
statement, and the case was remanded till it was produced. In
a short time a young lad, named \Vin. Lancet Evsworthy, who
is in one of Mr. Pain's shopmen, brought the statement, from
which it appeared that no entry was made of the hats, nor was any
money found in the till, except two shillings, being the price of
a cap which tae prisoner had sold on Thursday morning. M
Hall asked the-prisoner if he Wished to say anything before
being committed. He said he had no of her statement to make
than that he had put down the whole of the goods sold. He was
then committed to the sessions. -

ASS 4ULT AT SEA.—ltichard Turner, commander of the•
Arethusa, a vessel trading to Marseilles, appeared before the
magistrates on Friday, -to answer to a summons charg,itr hint
with an assault on Thomas Sheffield, a seaman, and one of ttri
crew of the Arethusa. The complainant stated that on the 20th
ult., in consequence of some tale of the cabin boy, the captain
came to him and told him that he (the complainant) had been
speaking against him. Sheffield denied that he had ever spoken
in the manner the Cabin boy had stated; but the captain with-
out regarding his denial, "jumped" upon him twice and hurt
his shoulder.—Mr. Hall was rather at a loss to understand how
the captain had jumped upon the complainant. while he was
standing, and repeated the question to which the comolainant
replied that he had jumped on his shoulders and threw him
down, and when he rose the captain jumped upon him a second
time, but did not strike him. The captain, on being asked what
he had to say to the charge, said that if he related all the cir-
cumstances it would take up .a long tune, but if he did not, he
must admit the complainants charge. Mr. Hall said he must
confine himself to the case in band. Ile then stated that the
boy had informed him that the complainant had been speaking
about navigating the vessel, as if he (the captain) was incom-
petent to it. "He was angry at what he had heard, and went to
the fore-hatchway and jumped upon the complainant, who was
standing two feet below him.—Mr. Hall : Here was a man fall-
ing two feet on the neck of another. The Captain : I have suf-
fered enough from him this voyage. I would rather not govern,
if it were to be over such men as he. Mr. II ,I 1 asked if he
wished to call any witnesses. Captain: I think it is of no use.
Mr. Hall said the defendant had admitted he had done as was
stated by the complainant. It was very improper on his part,
and the complainant had received an injury in consequence of
it. Suppose the man had been kided, he
(the captain) might
have been tried for murder. Although the boy had told him
what he did, it might be false, vet he went immediately to the
man, and treated him as a guilty person. notwithstanding he
declared that the story was false. The defendant must pay 20s.
and costs, or in default, be imprisoned 16 days in the Borough
House of Correction..

A SINGULAR CHARGE.—LA publican, whose name, under the
circumstances, we do nut think it advisable to divulge, was
brought up at the Police-court, on Friday, charged with having
robbed a seaman of his watch. The complainant stated that. he
was the master of a vessel sailing from Corte Castle. On Wed...
nesday night, betwixt eleven and twelve o'clock, he went into a
public-house, and was standing, with his back to the tire, speak-
ing to a woman who had come in to sell oranges, when a man,
whom he supposed to be master of the house, walked into the
room without his hat or coat, and made a snatch at his watch,
with which, haying% broken the guard, he ran off. The corn- .
plainant ran out after biro down an entry, but lost him in the'
street. Ile then gave an alarm, and the police came up. One
of the officers said lie saw the complainant. in the street, who
told him his watch had been stolen in the manner he had de-
scribed.' He (the officer) desired him to go back and find the
house, but being a stranger he was unable um do so. They. went
into seven or eight public-houses in the neightiourhood,• where
every facility was. allowed hint to search, but the watch could
not lie found, nor the person who stole, it. The complainant
had described the appearance of the man who stole the watch.
The inspector was then made acquainted with the circumstances,
and desired the complainant to go to the street next day, and
sty if he could find out the house. Ile.weut, as dese-err, accom-
panied by an officer,- and at once discovered the house, and when
he went in pointed out the master as the person who bad robbed
hint of his watch. The publican brought forward three wit-
nesses, two of whom Spoke as to the hieh 'respectability of his
character; and the third, a female, stated that lmearine the noise
the complainant made in the street, she went to the dour, when
he pointed out an entry where he said the public-house was in
which he was lobbed. This part of the complainant's states
ment, it appeared, could not be sustained—there being no pub-
lic-house iu the neighbourhood situate in an entry. The .in-
spector endeavoured to reconcile the statement with the situa-
tion of the prisouer's house, which stood in a very peculiar po-
sition at the corner of a street; but Mr. Hall thought it likely
that the complainant laboured under mistake in the whole affair.
He said it Yeas, very odd that the prisoner, who was represented
to be a respectable man, should rob another in his own house.
It was exceedingly-improbable that he should do so iu the pre-
sence of a third party—that he should run away with a watch
before an orange woman. He did not suppose the prosecutor
was telling a wilful falsehood=he believed he was speaking
what he thought to be truth ; but if they looked to the questions
which came before the courts of justice relative' to identity; there
were circumstances in the case which rendered his statements
exeeedingly doubtful. Mr. Hall then pointed out a discre-
pancy in the complainant's statement relative to the entry, and
said he must discharge the prisoner. Considerable interest was
excited in the court by the case, and a number of respectable
people seemed to await the result with some anxiety.
LIABILITY of MATES,—On Friday. at the Police-office, Da-
vid Moffatt, first mate of a vessel, neither the name of which
nor of the master was stated, summoned. the captain fur arrear
of wages, amounting to upwards of £l5, winch he alleged. to be
due to hint. It appeared that the complainant had shipped to
St. John's, N.B. and back to Liverpool, on the 26th of Sept.
1837, and had arrived here on the 27th ult., being a period of
tour months and two days, at £5 10s, per month. Ile had re-
ceived £5 in advance, and £4 of monthly money, leaving a ba-
lance of £l3 195., which he claimed. The captain refused to
pay this sum, on the ground that, through neglect of duty, the
complainant had occasioned a loss of eleven oeys to the vessel,
'which were valued at £541., besides two jib penant blocks and
two clasp books, valued at 95., thus making himself liable to a
deduction of £s9s. 4d. A lengthened investigation took place
with respect to the liability of the mate, of which we can only •
give the principal points. The vessel, according to the mate's
account, had been overtaken with a storm near the Banks of
Newfoundland, amid was nearly water-logged. The deck was
covered with wood and ship's stores; the long-boat, where the
oars are usually kept, was covered over with planks, and another
boat was "capsized" upon it, In this emergency he had put
all the oars into the jolly boat, which was drifted away with the
storm, and the whole were lost. There were seven- ears, besides
the four which belonged to the boat. The, captain knew the
oars were there. They were safer theme than on deck, for the
sea was sweeping over it. A witness called by the mate, con-
firmed his statement. The captain, on the other hand, con-
tended, that every thing pertaining to the vessel was under the
charge of the first mate, and as a matter of cuurse, it was ex-
pected whenever the vessel went to sea. that the oars would be
put into the long-boat on (leek. if this had Loren done, the oars
would not have been lost. Seven oars were lost at that time,
the remaining four were lost in the Mersey, before the vessel
came into port. They had been left in the jolly-boat, which,
instead of being hauled up at night, was left at the stern of the
vessel; and the consequence was, that the oars were stolen by
some of the fishing•boats. Tiles' were new oars. In answer to,
this the mate contended first, that the captain had taken the.
charge out of his hands and given it to the second mate, and
next, that a pilot was on hoard who had the charge of the vessel,
Time cantain denied that he had given the charge•to the second
mate. 'With respect to the loss of the blockS and clasps, the
complainant threw the blame on the second mate.' Mr. Hall
was decidedly of opinion that the oars ought to have been put
in the long-boat, amid that the complainant was liable fur their
loss. He knew it was the first thing intended to after a vessel
went to sea, along with other arrangements, to have the oars
put into the long-boat. The captain had depended on his doing
so as a matter of course. He nrust therefore disallow the claim.
At the same time be recommended the captain to make an
allowance for the difference in price betwixt old and new oais,
which the captain agreed to. . The arrears then adjudged to be
due to the complainant were £8 175., making a difference of a
few shillings in his favour, as compared with the captain's pro-
posal.
A Goon LiteipLortn.—On Friday, at the Police-office, a
man named Lyon, residing in Brownlow hill, was charged with
having disposed of almost the'entire property of a lodger, named
Bennett, during the absence of him and his wife from town.
Two large books, however. Mrs. Bennett stated, had been
taken from their apartment by him during her temporary ab-
sence, and pawned; he had got into their apartment through
the window. He had offeied the complainants £lO as compen-
sation, but they had refused it, as the property was worth more.
• Lyon declared' that he was as innocent as a lamb, and that
Bennett was acting like an old fox. He then, with a voice
like that of an aged bear which' has caught cold, declared that
he was a very Mused man. "You see, your worship, my bro-
ther-in-law had died, so we was drinking together to a house
in Prussia-street. He had been at the funeral, and when he
had had a quart or two, the folks wouldn't chalk no more, and
axed him to stump up. I was a-thinking, you know, very se-
rious about my brother what had gone afore us to kingdom come,
and it were vastly unlikely I should be thinking about paying
shots then. So lie says, jem, I say, a,hitting mime a slap on the
back that made me think I was shot, what shall we do to wipe
off the shot and make a raise? What a fellow you are ! says I,
when im poor devil's thinking of dead Merl, ghosts, and spei its,
to ax me to think about ale! Hallo! my barrel-emptier, bawls
he, what ails you ? Diet hail me in no such a fashion, says
I ; Pm a thinking deeply of speritual things; anti then, unbe-
thinking of what I was doing, I lifted up my put to take a
draught; but, somehow of other, it was empty. Have you no
ale ? says 1. Not as touchas would damp time tip of a flee's
tongue, says he, nor not a drop more will they draw; so
ale
may as well draw off except tye can'raise time wind. Have You
DO 'looney ? Money! and I buried my brothel-iii-law to jay.
and we have been ou the fuddle for a fortnight, answers I; bu-
rying my hands in my pockets. How shall we raise, then? be

MARD.

axes. Why, says 1, seeing as how the tap's stopped, we must
pot something up the spout. and then we can go on grandly;
out whit must we put upl 1) me if I care what it is, says
'he: go to 11l V house and get something. Well, away 1 weut,
your worship, and took the two biggest books I eouid lay hold
the family Bible and another—and raised the wind with
them: I put them up the spout for Bs." Mr. Hall said that,
if the prisoner's statement was granted to be true, it formed no
plea tar having subsequently stripped Bennett's apartment of
all it contained. Prisoner—'‘ But he made a moonlight
slit {af
it when he came to our bons'e, and he said he wools! rather I
had the. traps than the bum-baily. Oh, leave hint alone, .our
worship, he's as big a rogue as any body, if he tikes." The
Lyou:howeyer, could not free himself from the Mrs: ho was
committed to take his trial.

UNLAWFCL PLEDGING.—GENEROUS CoNDUCT.-011 Friday,
a pour distressed-looking woman was charged before Mr. Hall
with pledging a quantity of clothes, the property of Mr. Lucas,
tavern-keeper, Hurst-street. The urisoner had for four years
been empleyed by Mrs. laftets in the capacity of a washerwo-
man, and bad conducted herself wit hem suspicion till the pre-
s'ent case arose. The clothes she had pledged were worth about
255. and she had raised 23s upon them. The prisoner acknow-
ledged the offence, and said she had been driven to it from dis-
tress. Nine weeks ago she had buried twins, and she wanted
Money to pay the expenses of the funeral. Her husband had
deserted her, and she was left with one child to support., She
then referred to several respectable families, in additiofi to Mr.
Lucas's, by whom she had been employed, and promised, if
..she was allowed till Monday she would seii her goods, and pay
Mr. Lucas for the articles. In answer to Mr. Hall, Mr. Lucas
said he would agree to this; but his " lady" was not to be so
easily put off and raised such objections as occasioned tee wor-
thy magistiate to remark, that in the course of his experience
he ceu,d always deal better with men than -with women ; they
were much inure rational animals. A gentleman here came
forward, whom we afterwards asceitained to be Lieut. Bibby,
R.N., and with the true genero'sity of a British seaman, said
he would guarantee the payment of rue money. Mr. Hall said
it was a generpus offer on the part of the gentleman, and asked
Mr: Lucas if he was satisfied, to which he replied in the an ma-
tive. The poor woman was then discharged.
THE PUNISHMENT 0F VICE AND IMPEUDENCE.-011 Satur-
day, at the Police-office, a clownish-looking fellow, named
Ttiemas Leaver, who stated himself to be a huxter from Bolton.
appeared to complain of having been robbed the night before
by a girt of the town, of ES. An impudent-looking girl, named
Huxley, and three well known thieves, named Murray, War-
burton, and Jones, were placed at the liar charged with the
robbery. The cemplainant in true colloquial style and in
genuine Bowtou, proceeded to state his charge. He said—
" You see, I was gooing dawn streit last 'unit to my lodgings,
and hoi met with this girl, you see ; and shoo axed me if I
would goo hoam with her, you see; shoo kept a hawse of her
own, you see. I goes along with her to where shoo lived.
_Arid
hot'd got £B, you see, tied up in my shirt." (Laughter.) Mr.
Hall," In your shirt ?" Complainant.—" Rol shirt lap
corner;-you see; and.hoi'd 2s. 4d. in my breeches pocket. you
see; :and shoo fan out wheare t' money lied, you see, and sivoo
braced to take it once, bud hoi was . bower sharp for boo.
-'.What have you got here,' says she, that you be elem.(' on?'
`lt is all my money,' says I. • Oh, says she, you need nut
be frightened °fine, hoi shant touch anything you have; hoi'm
the misses of the hawse, you see.' So this. morning I lost it.
yew see.'" Mr. And you were very much surprised,
were you?" Complainant.—" Yea, hoi was; so hoi jumped up
aud said, hoi will make you foind it. The knot in me shirt was
opened, and theire were seven whole sovereigns aud-a•half, and
10s. in silver, all gone ; and a little check purse . Soa hot said
shoo should foind it, you see." Mr. Hall.—" Well, what hap-
pened then ?" Complainant.—" Sea' hoi says, ` hoi will hey
t' money,' you see. Hoi've not got it,' says shoo. `Oh N e es,'
says hoi, you must hey got it.' "Noe,' ses shoo, bail goo
for some beer for you.' Soa, hoi foliied her into the street, and
cried for the police, and Imo police came, you see. Shoo
wanted to go back into t' entry, and this bik man next to her
(Murray) persuaded me to let her goo into t' hawse, and he
was come from the ship and did not belong to a' haWse o' this
seat. The other men hoi seed i' tle entry. Eloi was bringing
her back, you see, into th' entry, and they said, Oh, let her
gooa, and .we will fetch a policeman.' Sue hoi did, you see,
and shoo made her escape over t' wall:" Mr. What-
are you?"—" Hoi live in Bowton "—" What business do you
follow ?"--" I fellows !watering awl so forth; and I came to
Liverpool to buy apples." Police officer Hogao stated, that he
went to the prisoner Murray's house, on being informed of the
robberv, to search, but he could not find the money. He after-
wards feund tire wienau and the men at a disci' dully house in
Pelt-mell, and took then all into custody. The pi isoner Mut.=
ray's mother, was I.lle keeper of the, house where the rubbery
had taken place. The prisoners all denied the charge. Mr.
Hall said, his own opinion was dint all the prisoners were
guilty- The probability was that the woman had taken the
money and had banded it over to rho men. However there
was no evidence to fix any of them but the woman. He ordered
.the informatiens to be taken against her; the rest must he dis-
charged.

' ASSAULT AT SaA.—George Hall, master of a vessel trading
from this port, appeared, on Saturday, before Messrs. Hall and
Lsollon, to answer a charge of assault preferred against bins by
a seamatl, who had sailed with him from Liverpool to Bombay.
1.. t te complainant stated, that they were off the Cape Of Good
IloPer when, one morning, about seven o'clock, the master came
On deck. He (the complainant) was atthe wheel, and the ves-
sel was one point to windward, the weather being a little heavy.
It (lid not blow much, but the wind was oft their quarter, and,
they had the stunsail's and the gallant 'stutisaiis ou the vessel,
SO that he had not strength to hold her steady to a point. He
in fact, doing his best. The captain, after observing the
compass and the ship's head, struck hint violently on the wrist,
end repeated the blows nu different parts of his body. The cap-
tain drove him from the wheel, and afterwards followed him to
the nutindeck, where he ,again beat him most violently, and
sent him back to the helm." The captain, in reply, said, that he
shipped the complainant as an able seaman. When he went on
deck he found that the'ship's head was wrung. He told hint to
starboard, and he immediately put the helm to port. Ile re-
peated this order, with the same result, for the man positively
did not know which was the starboard of the vessel. Ile was
altogether unacquainted with his duty', and knew no more of a
ship than an old woman. .11e, therefore, gave him a correc-
tion which, in his opinion, and considering the great danger
which might have resulted from the man's ignorance, was very
moderate. " I intend," said the captain, "to prosecute him
as a swindler.-: -11 a—ran away from the wireel:- and I bad only
(moat three men out of the whole ship's company who could
steer." Mr Hail said, if the danger that might have resulted
from the mates ignorance was so great, the captain tried a very
novel remedy in beating hint from the wheel, and afterwards
following him to the untindeck, and beating him hack again.
Beating hint was not the way to teach hint to steer. The cap-
tain was opinion, that a correction might imprint the recollec-
tion of his fault upon his memory. The man had sent a solici-
tor's letter to him since came into port, and he (the captain)
had ordered his solicitor to reply to at, upon which the gentle-.
anau -employed by the complainant refused to proceed. Mr.
Hall said, he could readily account for that. A man like that
might be too poor to carry on an action, the costs of which
would amount to £4O or £5O. It was, no doubt, provoking to
find wen committing faults in the performance of duties to
wages, if it were found that they were nut able seamen, mo-
h
n
aaltioiculet they
better ought
ielmo
eldiey,cocze tief nt.
the Bmtai masterssiiiiituo
nof e
dv vessels had
hiao(rl
ney was not recoverable. It was a pity the su
board ships did not learn to controul their temp • P "err 111 fleeey were
not•to knock or kick their men aiotut for every offence in the
manlier that was too commonly piactiSed. By a different line
of conduct the service would be more respectable, and the officers
piathemselvesau 10 their men. The com-
ma when he was
well, and the reason why he put the wheel to
that the captain struck him so
told to put it to starboard was,
n"arptq'iudesbteionniofrreomEesllll;.elleldalbl,Ysaid, he could steer very
The captain was ordered to pay a fine of
violently on the wrist that he was confused, and did not know
‘lvolisa. at he waseot as,haonutti.,
in default of payment, to be committed to
the:House of Correction for sixteen days. The money was im-
mediately paid. •
about
C'l
with having stolen a Dumber of' ducks, from several farmers iu
(ou 41trrdYa yS, sphl placed
the neighbourhood of Tarbuck, near this town. Mr. Lace, the
superintendent of St. James's Market, and two of his consta-
Iles attended. One of the latter ( No. 15,) stated, that, on
A3llB G
was,O F
'Thursday he and Mr. Lace received information of a number of
ducks having been Stolen, and, on searching the market, they
found a basket of ducks souse of which were claimed by Ed-
tnund Sefton, under the standing of Mary Southwell, a poultry-
da
prisoneri‘la m m
iSouthwell stated, that, on Thursday morning
last, and another an cae to her standing and
poultry-
dealer. l er.
the
offered for sale a dozen ducks (produced.) She asked them
how much they wanted for thern,iand alter a while she agreed to
give them sixteen shillings for them. Edmund Seftou, a far-
mer, of Tarbuck, stated, that, on Thursday morning, he dis-
covered that his duck-house had been broken open during the
night, and eight of his finest ducks had been stolen. Hearing
that h neighbours had, also, lost some ducks, he went to Liver-
pool to is
try if be could learn any tidings of them. Ile went to
Dlr. Lace, who told him to look round the market. Amongst
his poultry was a remarkably fine drake. This bird was pro-
dueed. Mr. Lace said it weighed upwards of Gibs.. and several
individuals in the court pronounced it the finest bird they had
ever seen. Mr. Sefton said it was the fittest bird in the country,
and he would not have taken a sovereign for it. In looking
round the market he came to the standing of Mary Southwell,
who bad just commenced the operation of plucking this iden-
tical large drake. Ile went np to her and said, "My good
woman, that is a very fine bird." She said it certainly was a
remarkably fine bird, Ile asked her if she had any more ducks?
She said, no, she had not. He told her, he thought she must
have some more, and requested her to show him to or three
She persisted, however, in averring, that she had no more ducks
He then went and • informed Mr. Lace, who, taking with him
two market-lookers, found the large basket produced full of
up, rt,t)ipeer s7a;
oducks. .Out of these he claimed two others, besides the drake,
as 'The
emdlausctks witness, w'ere all of
alsof very
faruter at .arbWucik,
Win.
set his 4,
stated, that he also had been robbed of eight ducks on the same
night. Ile picked from the basket six ducks, two of which had
remarkable tufts on their heads. These he swore to as his pi o-
perry. James Moss, another farmer, whose roost had been
broken open on the same night, and seven ducks stolen, identi-
fied three of those produced as his property. Thus the whole
number found were claimed. The witnesses were questioned as
to their knowledge of the Prisoner, who is a firtv, jII-looking
person. They all stated, that they had seen hint before, and
that he was the son of a farmer at Speke. It seems that he
does not follow any ostensible occupation. He has frequently
been seen selling, game to the dealers in the markets, and it is
generally supposed, that he has done some business as a poacher.
Mi. Hall questioned the witness, Mary Southwell, as to' her
reason for telling Mr. Sefton, that she had only one duck iti.her
possession. She replied, that she was confused, and did not
know what she was sayibg. The prisoner, in his defence, said,
sulkily, that he did not sell the woman the ducks. The infor-
mations were ordered to be taken preparatory to the committal
of the prisoner for trial. When the prisoner was again brought
up, it was found that the written deposition of Mary Southwell
did not agree with what she had stated at first. In reply to the
questions put to her, she said, that the' prisoner was not with
the.man who sold her the ducks, but he stood at a distance, and
she had clever seen the two in company with each other. This
was not sufficient, and the woman persisted in it, though, on
her first examination, she had sworn that they were together
when she bought the ducks. The evidence was not sufficient.
lt, therefore, became necessary to send in search of other wit
nessess. These could not he procured in time, and the prisoner
was, in consequence, remanded. Mary Southwell was also or_
dered into custody, and, for the present, she remains iu durance.

A SPORTING. DICKY SAM.—A genteel looking individual.
named William. Harris, appeated, on. Saturday, before Mr
Hall, charged by the Police officer on duty in Upper Parliament-
slreet,-with having alarmed several' ladies by firing a gun in
th,it neighbourhood. The officer stated, that, on Wednesday
last, about four o'clock in the afternoon, the -defendant, armed
with a gun, proceeded along Upper Parliament-street. When
he arrived at the corner of Windsor-street, he saw a little bird
in one if the trees opposite to Mr. Duncan Gibb's house. He
tAent nu the avenue, and, placing himself beneath the portico,
took aim at a little bird and fired. The gun was presented in
the dilecti, n of the street WO the Cemetery. A Mrs. Scott and
some utter lathes were pas,ing, and they were considerably
alarmed. The defendant slid,- he hid been out shooting
at
small during the a bole da), alit, as his lowlingpicce u

loaded, he wished to discharge it t►efore he arrived at home.
Seeing a sparrow in a tree, he thought lie would have another
shot. Ile did'uot like to fire from the street, so he went up the
avenue, and tired from the steps of the 11,,use. 'lt ,appeared, fur-
ther, that the defendant did not intend any harm to any thing
but the sparrow, and ;hat the little bird Pst•apviiscat Weis. Mr.
Hall said, the practice of shooting was a nuisance even in the
Outskirts of the town, but when it was al ‘he it, the streets it was
sti,ll more serious. It was only the other lay that a gentleman.
named to him, that several shuts from a gun had lodged in his
hat: if the gun, ih that case, had been p esented a little lower,
the shot would have stuck in his face. 'l' ite defendant way fined
203:and rusts: in all, El 3s. 6.1.
SUND isvis.—Yesterday at the police-office a well
known thief named Jno. Willianis was placed at the bar
charged by Barnet, a very active officer, with trying doors,
along with three others. Barnet stated that on Sunday night, at
7 o'clock, he saw the orisoner, along with threeother men, trying
the doors which they passed. Ile afterwards saw the prisoner
go down by the side ..f the New Market and try a door, when
he followed him, ;lied the prisoner immediately ran away. He
pursued him, and after a long chase succeeded in taking him
into custody. It was back doors which he was trying. Mr.
Davenport, who appeared for the prisoner, here inquired if
there were not some public houses down the street. Barnett:
Yes, 2or 30J yards below. Mr. Davenport : you don't mean
to say that he was trying the door to nib the house? Barnett:
1 do sir —Do you take every person into custody who tries
doors on a Sunday night? Ido sir. Mr. Hall.—He would
not be doing very wrong. Mr. Dayeoport: Did you not strike
him before he rain ?-IsIOI did not. Did he take to his heels
immediately? Immediately; and I raced him down three or
four streets, and at length caught hint in at corner of the Mug-
market, crouched down.—You want the court to believe lie was
hiding himself? Ile was hiding hiniself.—Mr. Parkieson said
he was well known. Mr. Hall said all the thieves were about
at that time on Sunday nights, when they imagined people were
at chapel or church. It was the time when most of the rob-
beries took place. It was perfectly plain what his object was.
He should send hint for one month to Kirkdale.

THE NEW CackYry PAPER Teicie.—Yestereav, at the police-
office, a young man flawed Robert Fitz Gibbon, was placed at
the bar, charged with having defrauded several shop-keepers of
various small amounts by means of the new trick of paying for
goods purchased with what purported to• be five shilling
papers of copper, kit which were nothing but clay and lead. It
appears that the prisoner had .made up a number of imitation 5s
papers of copper, with moulded clay covered with thick lead and.
wrapped up in brown paper, and tied With string, and having
all the appearance as well as the weight of papers of copper. He
went to Mrs. Jane Stewart, . Vauxhall-road, leather cutter, and
bought leatherto the amount of Bs. 9d., and said he had nothing
but crown papers of copper to pay with, and he would leave
them, and either pay them or call again. This was agreed to,
and the prisoner departed with the leather. On after inspec-
tion of the papers they were discovered to be forgeries. In this
manner the prisoner had duped Mr. Brown of Thonipson St.
hosier, Ann Gill, of Byrom St., leather cutter, John Roberts,
of Vauxhall Road, leather cutter, Michael Divine, of Cockspur
St., bacon dealer, and others. The prisoner was rereauded to
afford opportunity fur further inquiry. •
BURGLARY.—Yesterday,:at the police office, twO lads, named
Myers and Tute, were placed at the bar, charged with having
attempted to rob the house of a gentleman in Pleasant-street.
A police officer deposed that he was called to No. 20, Pleasant
St. at a little before 6 o'clock on Sunday therninee and received
the prisemers in charge. The lady of the house deposed that at
5 o'clock on Sunday morning, she heard a Boise, in the house of
persons moving about, but as her seas were le the habit of
getting up to read she did not at first notice it. As the !notions
continued, she became curious to knew whet it was, and got
up, and perceived lights moving about in different parts of the
house. She immediately. called out the names of her suns
James and William, and beanie voice call out "the drawers."
'There was no reply made to her calling, and she, iu conse-
quence, saspected all was nut right and called her husband, who
wot up, went down stairs, and seized one of the lads, and fasten-
ing the door, called for an officer, when the other lad was found
concealed. Ou searching the prisoners, it was found that they
hid packed up nine pails of trousers, three or four jackets, and
several shirts. Three -shirts were (mind in possession of Tute,
and two jackets On his person, and in his possession a silver
spoon was also found. The other prisoner had three jackets,
two shirts and other articles tied up in a bmindle • ready to take
away. All these clothes had beet thrown fiver a clothes horse
itt the kitchen. Myers was well known to the office's as a
thief. They hail gained access to lime heuSe by cutting a hole
iu the door of the cellar, and afterwards withdrawing the bolt.
They were both committed to take their trial.
THEFT AL' TIIO LIVER TIIGATRE.—Tooinas Parkinson, an
individual who has been recently employed as a supernumerary
at the Liver Theatre, was on Saturday, placed at the bar of the
Police-court, charged with having purloined certain articles
front behind the scenes. A man who is empleyed iu some ca-
pacity about the stage, stated, that on the preceding night
he left his top-coat, a silk handkerchief, and a itat in the
property-room. Some time afterwards lie missed them, and the
suspicions of several individuals fell on the prisoner. Some
other articles hail previousiy been missed. A Police-officer
was sent in search of the prisoner, and he was fonnd at his own
house. On searching hint, the pocket handkerchief, a pair of
flesh-coloured silk stockings belonging to the theatre, and a
comforter, the property of one of the musicians, were found in
his possession. The coal had not been discovered, but the offi-
cer was of opinion, that the prisoner had left it somewhere on
his way home. A coat, answering the description, had been
offered for pledge that morniog. The prisoner was remanded,
and the officer was directed to make further inquiries.
Yesterday the prisoner was again brought up, but no further
evidence was elicited. It appeared that the prisoner had him-
self been wearing the flesh-coloured stockings.. Mr. Hall.—
" What 1 was he perforating?" Complainant.—" Yes, he was
playing a Greek, or something." This aueouncement, coupled
with the appearance of the man in the dock, excited much
laughter. Mr. Hall.—" Was the coinfoi ter a part• of his dress
also ?" (Laughter.) Complainant.—"No; it belongs to the
fiddlers."—" Did he wear it when he was playing the Greek ?'!
—" Oh, no; he had a grand silk dress on iu front."—" How
long have you had him ?" —" Three days."—" What do you
give him a night?"—" A shilling." (A laugh.) Complainant.
—" And it's very good pay too." (Continued laughter.) Mr.
Parkinson said the prisoner was known and had been com-
mitted. The prisoner said he was tipsy at the time, and. knew
nothing about it. Time things were in his hat when he put it
on, and he durst noestop for fear the master should see him, as
Ile was not fit to
.be on the stage. He was lurther remanded
for inquiry. .
