oppressed of our own country, be a Tory and a Liberal, hold-
ing office under a Whig government, has been preferred by the
monopolists of Factory-discipline at Leeds, as their mouth-piece
in parliament : I trust that no considerations of jealousy, or a
political bias, will interfere with the warm exercise of patriot
zeal; and though it be not usual' to advocate a cause, however
good, wherein shades of political difference do o'ercast the sun-
shine of generous nature, they, the Liberals, will go forth in
this instance "like the sun in his might," and set a noble ex-
ample of chivalric and independent benevolence.
Alr• Thornely not having any parliamentary duties to attend
to, may have time, and a field herein to exercise himself for the
public good ; and I am much mistaken if he do not reap a
more sound and genuine reputation, by aiding, along with his
partizans, a CAUSE so much nearer home, than he or they will
ever obtain by revolutionizing the British Constitution,—
making ladies and gentlemen•of the negroes in our colonies,—
collecting the suffrages of the free and independent electors, in
the questionable shape of beans in ballot boxes,—or in being pre-
sented for the third time only, before a Liverpool audience, at
the Liver Theatre, as a candidate for the representation of the
shopkeepers and publicans of a mercantile port in parliament.

How will the ," Ladies of Peckham" act under-the cir-
cumstances of such gross charges being preferred, of cruelties
practised, in the manufacture of articles that they are accus-
tomed to wear? Will they leave off the use of them, as
they did the produce of our colonies, and reward others for
doing the like? Will they bestir themselves for the Nan-
cies and Jennies of their own colour and country, as well as
for the black Dianas and Clotildes who are " teeled away
while playing in the treets (on the African coast !) •by white
man out of a boat—and taken over water—long way—to be
made present of to white lady ?"
1 expect to see these " friends of humanity," all on the alert,
with their subscription books, bags, and boxes, organizing their
snug little coteries—dealing only with members of their so-
ciety—writing notes with crow-quills on tissued paper—reports,
addresses, &c. &c., in pretty pea-green covers—in a cause
much more becoming. "We shall see." In the mean time
they. have the wishes and the prayers of those whose necessities
are the most urgent,—whose evils speak "trumpet-tongued,"—
"whose nation is their nation," and whose cause is their cause.

Allow me to notice, in conclusion, how much the swagger-.
er-
ing tone of your contemporaries is abated, and congratulate you
and'them on the change. Their former arrogance and self-
conceitedness weie intolerable. Like ancient Pistol, they
might " look pig and utter prave ords at the pridge, as you
shall see in a summer-day," yet be made like him to " eat the
leek they mocked at,"—" much goot may the skin do their
broken coxcombs." They will find themselves no losers by act-
ing more temperately. As King Henry V. said, " when lenity
and cruelty play for a kingdom, the gentler gamester is the

soonest winner." I am, &c.
Jan. 21, 1833.

WEST INDIA SLAVERY.

TO MR. JOHN CROPPER, JUN.

FIDELIS.

Sir,—As you are known to be the Chairman of the Anti-
Slavery Society of Liverpool, and an advocate for the immediate
emancipation of the Slaves in our West India possessions, I
presume I need offer no apology for addressing you on the
following interesting subject.
In the proceedings of the Court of Chancery on Saturday
last, in the case of Thornley v. Byrne, it is stated that Lord
Crawford and Lindsey, who died in 1816, had bequeathed to
ctrtain Trustees a tract of land in Antigua, for the benefit of
his neg'roes there, and directed that in the present year, 1833,
the Tailaole of them, 134 in number, should be emancipated, and
the proceeds of the land divided amongst them. The priod
having arrived, the emancipation of the negroes is now claimed;
but'as there are twelve old people and some children among
them who are unable to maintain themselves, this preliminary
question arises, how are these aged and helpless negroes to be
supported after they are made free ? The other negroes belong-
ing to the Estate say that they will not support them. The law
of the Island very justly and humanely requires that for every
aged slave who is to be emancipated, £3OO currency must be
deposited in the Public Treasury, the interest of which is em-
ployed for his maintenance during the remainder of his life.
In the case now referred to, the money saved from the land
for the whole of the negroes, amounts only to £750; and
thus the want of maintenance for the helpless aged and
children stands, both in fact and in law, as an insurmountable
difficulty in the way of their manumission.
Now I ask you whether this be not a fair and fitting oppor-
tunity for the exercise of that philanthropy by which your so-
ciety professes to be actuated? It cannot be doubted that Lord
Crawford's design was most benevolent; but means are want-
ing to carry it into effect. A mere deposit of a sum of money,
for a few years, will both secure the emancipation of these
slaves, and prevent their emancipation from accomplishing
their ruin. The Anti-Slavery Society has ample means. Will
it now show its compassion for the slaves—its zeal for their
-emancipation—by something more than mere words ? Need I
say to you, that it is but cold and questionable philanthropy to
plead for the manumission of the negro, regardless of the diffi-
culty of the question, and reckless of its danger, and yet to shut
the heart and the hand when called upon to contribute some-
thing more than mere pleading in its behalf?

You are an advocate for immediate emancipation. Do you see
no difficulties on this question, from the circumstances of the case
before us? If you do not, as earnest and as able an advocate of
emancipation as ever lived, sees differently. At the close of
the proceedings, when Sir Edward Sugden had spoken of the
case as a proof of the difficulty attending the question of eman-
cipation, the Lord Chancellor Brougham is reported to have
said, " I agree with you, Sir Edward, that the case suggests
many and very serious reflections regarding negro slavery."

NEMO.

A CHILD KILLED BY ITS MOTHER.-On Wednesday last,
an inquest was held before Mr. W. S. Rutter, coroner, on the
body of a male infant, who was supposed to have been mur-
dered by an unnatural mother. It appeared that about eight,
weeks ago the woman, whose name is Ann Hamlet, went to
live in a lodging-house in Bury-street, Salford. She was in a
state of pregnancy, and represented herself as a widow whose
husband had been dead six months, and she had with her a
boy fourteen years of age, and a girl aged three years. About
thiee weeks ago she gave birth to the infant whose death gave
rise to this inquiry. On Saturday night last, she went to bed
about twelve o'clock, in a state of intoxication, and several of
the other lodgers in the house were disturbed during the night,
by the continued crying of the child; towards morning, how-
ever, the noise entirely ceased, and about ten o'clock namlet
sent fora woman who lived in a neighbouring cellar, and shewed
her the corpse of the child, saying that it had died that morn-
ing, and that her eldest son, a young man who did not live
with her, was present when it died. The woman, who was her-
self the mother of twelve children, observed some marks about
the deceased which satisfied her that At had been smothered,
and the fact that Hamlet had not mentioned the child's death
to any person in the house, increased her suspicions. Infor-
mation was accordingly given to the police, and Hamlet was
taken into custody, and on inquiry being made from the son,
who, she said, was present at the death, he stated that he had
never been near his mother since she went to those lodgings.
Boutflower, the surgeon, examined the body of the deceas-
ed, and found the heart and other vessels charged with blood,
which might he the result of spasmodic croup, or of any check
on the passage of air from the windpipe to the lungs, either by
external violence or convulsions which affected the muscles of
the throat. The inquest was adjourned till yesterday, when
the fury expressed their opinion, that the mother had uninten-
tionally overlain the child, and a verdict to that effect was
recorded. The woman was reprimanded and discharged,—
Manchester Courier.
