THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.; •

ESTABLISHED CHURCH IN WALES.

Lord It. GROSVENOR presented a petition .(of which he had
given notice) from certain inhabitants of the city of Chester,
connected with the -principality of Wales, praying an inquiry
into the state of the churen establishment in that part of the
country. The noble lord said, that although the petition was
signed by only lOU of the inhabitants of that city, he beliolatd it
contained the sentia.ents not only of a majority of that city,
but of a large majority of the inhamtants of Wakes generally.

OBSERVANCE OF TILE SABBATH.

Captain SPENCER resented it petition from the inhabitants
of the borough of Midhurst, praying for the better observance
of•the Sabbath. . . .

Sir J. WaovrEsLEY was sure that it was impossible to leave
this subject-now -without some legislative • enactment, but he
hoped that enactment would nuthe such an extension of law as
to prevent its being carried into execution. • • •
The Earl of DARLINGTON presented a •petition, signed by
John Asser, of the •city of London, on behalf of himself and
other milers, praying the 'house to take! measures-to -allow corn
to betaken out of bond for the purpose of being ground for ex-
portation, on sufficient security being given• against abuses.
The noble earl-also presentedpetitions from Staines and Lale-
ham, in Middlesex, nom Newbury, Speen, and East Garston,
all in Berkshire, in favour of the better observance of the Sab-
bath. •

•Mr. PALMER said, that, with ieference to-the -three petitions
from Berkshire; he had been intrusted with -their presentation ;
but, in 'order to save-time, .he had requestedlis noble friend to
lay them before the house. ,fie begged to second their prayer,
and had no • doubt 'that all would be anxious to agree to any
practicable measure •to • carry it into effect: There was, how-
ever, one part of the petition. from East Garston to which he
begged to call the•partieular- attention of his Majesty's minis-
ters. They noticed thatesovhilst the cholera raged, his Ma-
jesty had been pleased to appoint a fast-day, .so now that, by the
mercy of Prev-ntence,•it -was entirely departed from us, they
hoped the' government-wedd 'advise ins Majesty •to appoint a
•
day of thanksgiving.
•
Petitions laid-upon-the -table.
Mr. LEONARD 140001-N -presented a petition from the city of.
Armagh, igainst measures df 'coercion-with -respect to Ireland.
Colonel.SEAbli presented:a petition from Dartmouth, signed
by the ministers of -persuasions, in favour of the-better ob-
servance of the •Sabbatii. _ • _ _ •

7 Mr. V ,5511'141 presentedpetitions Irani the inhabitants of
the 'towns of -Cliff •ttegis•and .Brjgstock, Northamptonshire, for
the immediate• abolition -of negro slavery. The hon. gen-
tleman also presented petitions-from the towns.of•Dingley and
'Northampton, praying that the 4touse would examine into the
corporations -of -these-places.
Lord J.: RUSSELL presented.a 'petition _from -the inhabitants
of 'Kingsford, county of Devon, against the punishment of
death in certain- cases; also petitions from- the parishes of Otter-
ley St. Mary, and -East atm 'West' Teignmouth, for the better
observance of the Sabbath. 'Also ,petitions from the Wesleyan
Methodists of Axminster, 'Devonslaire, and' from the inhabi-
tants of a parish in Yorkshire, for the immediate abolition of
slavery, with proper • provisions for the safety of -all parties.
The noble lora also presented a petition -from an individual
named James Hunter, of St. •Yanerasparish, -for the abolition
of tithes, and in favour of church reform.

'Mr. HEATHCOTE presented a petition froin 'Denningtan, in
the county of Lincoln; praying for Vie abolition of negro
slavery.
The Marquess of CHANDOS would takelho oppo'rtunityotthe
presenting of that petition to ask the nobleJord opposite whether
it was the intention of His -Majesty's government' to come
forward•with any measures for the abolition of slavery or. not?
-A notice of motion stood on- the :paper for the 19th, which,'
however, he understood was to be withdrawn:
Lord ALTHORP said that he had given an answer to that
question some time ago, stating. that it was the intention of
His'Maj esty's government to •bring forward a'measure which
they hoped would bring the subject to a safe and satisfactory
conclusion : further than-that he did not feel justified in giving
the noble marquess an answer.
Mr. HEATHCOTE presented a -petition from the• parish of
Falkiugham, • Lincolnshire, for the better dbser vaae of the
Sabbath. • • •

SHEIL 'presented a. petition from Iloscrea, in the county
of Tipperary,. signed by 2000 persons, stating that the admi-
• nistration of justice had been properly conducted, through the
intervention of juries, in Ireland; that on that account there
was no necessity -for courts-martial; and praying the.house
not to allow • any arbitrary law to pass. '1 he hon. meniber
stated that he understoou similar petitions were about to be
presented from other parts of Ireiand,.and one from Liverpool;
signed by upwards of •16,000 persons, praying the house would
not adopt the•bill for the coercion of Ireland: •
Mr. EWA RT was understood to say he believed the hon. and
i learned gentleman was quite correct n the information he had
received respecting the Liverpool petition. lie would take an
early opportunity of presenting that petition, and, in doing so,
give it all the support he conscientiously could, although he
felt bound•to say tas he was .understood in the gallery) that he
approved the tenour of-the measure brought iorward by His
"Majesty's•ministers.
Mr WASOIT believed that•there• was a petition in the course of
signature at this moment in .Liverpool, approving of .the inea•
sure, and praying- it •tnight pass, in consequence of no other
measure, in their opinions, being calculated to produce the.
desired effect.

Mr. C. O'DwYare inquired whether that petition was in the
course of being signed as the result of, a public meeting having
been called for the purpose ?
Mr. WASON believed that neither petition emanated from a
public meeting.
SHELL• presented a petition from Kingscourt, in the
county of Cavan, praying that no arbitrary measure might be
introduced as a law into Ireland. Also a petition from Clo-
nalty and Rossmore, in the county of Tippdrary, to the same
effect; also &petition to the same effect from the town of Fet-
hard.

Mr.-Sn nit presented a petition 'from Cronolty,.praying for
the entire abolition of tithes. He could not avoid expressing
that it was a very extraordinary circumstance that no commu-
nication had been made by his Majesty's'government respect-
ing anything they meant to propose on this subject. (Hear.)

_ . .
'Mr. SIIEIL presented a petition from 155 of the electors of
New-Windsor, praying-the-house to pass a law to prevent the
officers of his Alajesty's establishment from interfering in any
way whatever with the freedom of election. The petition stated
facts which were well deserving the attention of the house.

Lord W. LEKNox said, a petition had been presented against
the return for Windsor, and afterwards withdrawn. It appeared
to him rather extraordinary that it should have been withdrawn
if the statement contained in the present petition was true.

Mr. SIIEIL then presented a- petition-from Mr. Francis-Hor-
ner, of the city of Londonderry, complaining of the conduct of
the corporation of that city. Ihe petition stated that the funds
of that corporation were vested in :)6 persons, namely, 12 alder-
men and 24 burgesses. Many years ago the corporation bor-
rowed money of government, £15,000; to be paid without inte-
rest, at the rate of £3OOO a year, on condition that the corpora-
tion created a fund from the tolls of £30,000. From 1814 to
1830, they did not pay the government one farthing, nor had
they accumulated any portion of the fund,that they had been
bound to raise. He also presented a petition from certain in-
habitants of Dublin, praying for an alteration in the liish Re-
form Bill, so that it might not be necessary for Roman Catho-
lics to take the qualification.oath at elections as Catholics.

Air. TYRELL presented a petition from the inhabitants of the
hundred of Stow; against the duty on taxed carts • also a peti-
tion from certain freeholders of the liberty. of Vury St. Ed-
munds, against the bill for removing the assizes from Bury St.
Edmunds to Ipswich.
Earl JERMYN presented a similar petition from the corpora-
tion of Bury St. Edmunds.
Mr.'MORRISON presented a petition from the soap manufac-
turers of Ipswich, praying for a reduction, or the abolition, of
the soap duty. He also presented a petition from the clergy
and inhabitants of Ipswich, praying the ,house to pass a law
putting an end to the practice of selling goods on Sundays. In
the opinion of the hon. member, the opening of the shops on
Sundays was altogether unnecessary.
The Speaker vacated the chair a few .minutes after three
o'clock, and retired.

At five o'clock the Speaker resumed the chair.
Mr. Mimics postponed his motions for a select committee as
to parochial registrations, from. March the sth to March the
21st; for leave to bring in a bill to exerlipt places of religious
worship from poor-rates? from March the 12th to Mardi the
29th ; for triennial Parliaments, from -March.the 21st to May
the 14*.
