evening next

EATRE ROYAL.—The attractions announced for this
evening, on the occasion of Mr. Anderson's benefit, will not
fail to secure for that sterling performer a crowded house.
The Hypocrite will be repeated on Monday, and both Mr.
Farrell and Mrs. Sterling will appear in it.—See Advt.

BATHING.—Those who are fond of this healthful and
delightful recreation will now find the water at Mr. Penn's
baths of a very pleasant temperature. Thousands have
lately visited these baths; but there are many thousands more
in Liverpool who have no idea of the comforts and conve-
niences with which they abound. For the benefit of these
individuals we shall hereafter give a description of these
splendid and luxurious baths.—See Advt.
SAILING OF THE ORlENTAL.—Yesterday afternoon, a few
minutes before two o'clock, the splendid Steam-ship Oriental,
" set steam" from her mooring ground in the Sloyne, and
proceeded on her voyage direct to Southampton,—having on
board Mr. Shaw, the marine manager of the company to
which she belongs, and a number of gentlemen, including
Captain George Smith, and another (whose name we did not
learn) of the Royal Navy. She passed down the river in good
style, though not at full speed ; was saluted from different
steam and other vessels at anchor, and from the ferries as
"she pissed them, and returned the compliment with interest
from her own Large guns, of which she carries six. Her ap-
pearance was very tine and commanding, and, we doubt not,
while we feel a regret that she has left us for what may be
called a foreign station,—but she will do . honour to her
"native" town, wherever she may hereafter be employed.
We understand she took with her about two-thirds of the
vantity of coals required for her voyage up the Mediterra-
nean. She will proceed from Southampton on her first voy-
age this day week. The Oriental, on her way to Alexandria,
will touch at Gibraltar, Malta, Corfu, Zaute, and Patras,—
a delightful, and we may add "classical," route. Prepara-
tions are in progress by the company to place swift and com-
modious steamers on the Nile, and a powerful steam-ship is
about to commence between Suez, Calcutta, MadraS, and
Ceylon. The line of rapid and pleasant communication, with
the most important parts of our possessions in India, will
thus be completed, and the eastern world, with its great in-
terests, thus be approximated to within a comparatively short
distance of our own shores.

THE SWELL MOB AT THE RECENT LIVERPOOL RE-
GATTA.—Our readers may remember that a fashionably
attired young man, Alfred Easthope, alias Henry Edwards,
&c. &c., was committed from Birkenhead on the day after
the regatta, for stealing a watch at Willoughby's Hotel, from
the person of Mr. George Foster, of Toxteth-park. He
evidently belonged to a gang of fashion4ble thieves, who in-
sinuated themselves into respectable company, on public and
other occasions, seeking whom they might devour. On
Tues Jay last, Easthope was placed at the bar in Chester
Castle. His guilt was conclusively proved. Although he
was defended by the most able counsel, his defence was lame
and impotent. The jury, without a moment's hesitation,
pronounced him guilty, and the learned judge, after severely
animadvertins on the wickedness of such parties, reared, as
it were, in crime, travelling from fair to fair, from race to
regatta, sentenced the unhappy and dejected youth to ten
years' transportation. It is a curious fact, that his young
and dashing brother in iniquity, who represented himself at
Birkenhead as his " cousin," and who attempted to buy his
escape, by tendering a round sum to one of the police-officers,
after his apprehension, is now under a similar sentence at
Warwick, for, we learn, robbing the lieges on the railway.
It is understood that several of the same genteel gang still
remain at large. We hope they will not long go undetected.
QUICK TRAVELLING.—Major Buxton and lady, who
were passengers in the Britannia, from Liverpool, having
arrived at Halifax on the morning of the 17th ult., reached
St. Johns, Nova Scotia, by way of Windsor, on the
following day, and proceeded immediately in the New
Brunswick, for Fredericton, where they must have arrived on
the afternoon of the ISth, and 14 days only from Liverpool !

BRUSSELS LACE.—It may be interesting to our fair
townswomen to know, that the collars which they arc so
generally wearing, of which the shop windows are full, and
which are called by the dealers " real Brussels," are imita-
tions of imitations, that is, English imitation of imitation.
Real Brussels lace is scarcely to be met with, even in Brus-
sels, the price being so high that it is only made to order.
The plain net, or rescru, is worth twelve florins, or twenty
shillings, the Flemish ell, three quarters of a yard ; it is,
consequently, worth twenty-six shillings and eight-pence a
yard. The pattern is produced separately upon the cushion,
and sewed upon the ground ; every spr►g is charged: thus
the price of real Brussels lace becomes enormous. The
English imitations are made by stitching a pattern of muslin
upon Nottingham net. But this is, nevertheless, " Real
Brussels, pledge you my honour," and worthy to rank with
Canton crape, Naples soap, Eau de Cologne, Yarmouth her-
rings, Durham mustard, and Stilton cheese.—Correspondent
of Courier.

GREAT PROTESTANT MEETING AT THE

AMPHITHEATRE,

A very numerous public meeting of the Protestants of

Averpooi was held on Wednesday evening, in the Royal
Amphitheatre, for the purpose of hearing a lecture by the
Rev. T. D. Gregg, of Dublin, upon the subject of national
religion and its effect upop government. The spacious edifice
was crowded in every part, boxes, pit, gallery, and stage. On
a moderate computation, not less than four thousand adult
persons were present. Among those on the stage we ob-
served, the Rev. H. S. Joseph, the Rev. A. M'Conkey, the
Rev. Robert Montgomery, of Glasgow, (author of " Satan,"
&c..) the Rev. Mr. Spencer, the Rev. Mr. Brown, the Rev.
G. Mansfield, the Rev. T. Rawson, Mr. Isaac Holmes, Mr.
John Howard, Mr. Evans, and many other zealous conser-
vative Protestants. The Rev. H. S. Joseph was called to
the chair.
The Rev. T. D. GREGG commenced by saying, that he felt
moved with deep gratitude at his reception, and deep anxiety
at the responsibility of standing before so vast an assembly.
And yet, notwithstanding his weakness and inadeqpacy, 1w
could not but be confident as to, the result of his address.
He came not to recommend views or theories of his_ own,
but to develope those views set forth in the unerring word of
God, and interpreted pp ;hem by the church and by the
laws of England. Let no one pretend to say that what he
might urge was undeserving of being considered as coming
from one who could not bring rank or station to add weight
to his sentiments. No : he stood before five thousand men
of Liverpool. His object was to elicit their approbatiOn, to
obtain the seal of their sanction to the truths which he would
bring forward, that these truths might go before the world,
not merely as the sentiments of the Rev. Mr. Gregg, but as
those adopted and approved py and enforced by the voices,
and he would hope by the enthusiasm of the men of this
great and enlightened city. (Cheers.) Let no one then pre-
sume to isregard what might be advanced there this evening,
because uttered by an unimportant individual, a nobody.
He rejoiced that he was a nobody that the excellency of the
power might be of God—he spoke as the mouthpiece of that
vast multitude—(cheers)—he challenged respect to his views
because not only true and scriptural, but those of the inhabi-
tants, the Protestant and thinking inhabitants of Liverpool—
and as such he confidently and certainly calculated on their
ultimate prevalence. (Cheers.) Public opinion at the
present day was in this country politically omnipotent. Ile
had no apprehensions as to the result. He stood before them
as a member of the Protestant Operative Association. He
was cheered by the enthusiasm of thousands of operatives
now before him, and he had no doubt but that their senti-
ments would be those universally adopted. Certain of the
rich and great, of those in office and station, of those who
revelled on the abuses arising from the disregard of their
principles, might affect to think light of a movement sup-
ported by Protestant operatives ; but let them remember,
that if the higher orders controlled the world of fashion,
the lower orders did that of opinion, and that as cer-
tainly as effect followed cause, so certainly would gra-
dual conviction, final, general adoption, and ultimately
the practical results that they so earnestly expected follow
the assent and approbation, the applause and enthusiasm, of
thousands of upright and thinking, though humble men.
(Cheers—here some confusion was created by some one op-
posed to the objects of the meeting, followed by loud cries of
—Turn him out—and disturbance.) He intreated them to
exercise patience, they could easily afliard to let their adver-
saries make some little noise. Let them not trouble them-
selves by turning them out, he would soon point out to them
a job of turning out that would be worth their consideration,
—(laughter)--which he was sure they would engage in, and
the result of which would be the great increase of the general
happiness and prosperity—they knew what he alluded to.
(Cheers.) But to the business in hand. What did they
want? He answered radical reform—they were all radical
reformers—(cheers and laughter)—true radical reformers who
went to the root of all evils. (Cheers.) There was much of
evil complained of in society. They knew the remedy for it
all, and they met together to enforce the application of that
remedy. The book that he held in his hand was a code of
political wisdom. It was recognised as such in the written
laws of England, and the evils of England and Ireland arose
from this—that instead of glorifying the bible as the source
of political wisdom, they had of late disparaged it in that re-
lation, calumniously asserting that it contained precepts only
fit for the closet and for private life, not adequate to direct
nations in their affairs; and the result of this contempt of
God's holy word and this disparagement of the divine wisdom,
was, that evils abounded, and complaint was loud. God had
created a nation to teach them political wisdom. Hd raised
up the nation of the Jews, and He gave them their history—
He laid bare His dealings with them. He told them that He
did this for their learning—to show them how they might expect
to be dealt with by Him as a nation—and what would be the
source of political prosperity, and what of political adversity.
This history they had in the book lie held in his hand. Now
what was the source of national prosperity, as revealed in
that book ? Faithfulness on the part of the nation, and espe-
cially on the part of the rulers, to the will and word of God.
King David served God, and Israel was exalted in glory,- ho-
nour, and power. Every enemy trembled at the namiktof
Israel. The people were united at home, and victorious
abroad. Solomon succeeded to a flourishing dominion. Every
man sat under his own vine and his own fig tree. There was
no complaining in the streets; no lack of employment ; no
nakedness, or .hunger, or want. Solomon abandoned his
principles ; he took up with a false and idolatrous system.
At once national weakness, disasters, complaining, revolt,
and rebellion displayed themselves. God raised up one ad-
versary. Lest that should not suffice, he raised up a second.
Lest two should be iusufficient for judgment, lie raised up a
third, Jeroboam, the son of Nebat, an agitator and a distur-
ber • and in a short time they had a repeal of the union.
(Lou laughter.) Aye, exactly—a repeal of the union ; for
previously two distinct divisions of the people, Israel and
Judah, formed one great kingdom. These two divided, and
instead of being united, they fell at variance with one
another, and in a short time they devoured one another,
like the two Kilkenny cats. (Loud laughter.) They
would excuse him. But it was so. Mutual contentions
divided their strength, and at length, when nearly worn
out by domestic feuds, their ruin was completed by
foreign foes. In fact, from the time that the rulers cast
off the religion and the truth of God, disaster followed
hard upon disaster, until at length they perished. Now this
was in exact accordance with the divine denunciations. He
would read for them how God declared he would recompense
this nation which he raised up for their instruction. (Here
the rev. gentleman gave a large extract from the 28th chapter
of the book of Deuteronomy, that was received with loud
cheers.) There they saw that destitution, misery, beggary,
want, and mendicancy—that degradation, folly, fatuity,
blindness and madnessthat"'-defeat;'-wmorttilie—and over;
throw—that exile and death, slavery, and bondage, and every
conceivable national calamity were denounced as a punish-
ment for national unfaithfulness, while victory, happiness,
virtue, success, and prosperity, were promised to the opposite
line of conduct. All- these actually followed. The nation
rose and fell according as it was faithful or the reverse. Now
all this was also realized in the history of England. The na-
tion of England as a nation took God's Word as its rule.
And it denounced Popery as a system of idolatrous apostasy,
and just as it was faithful to protestantism, or abandoned its
principles, by the support of popery it rose or fell. (Cheers.)
He would show them the national mind as to popery.—
[Here the rev. gentleman read a long series of extracts from
the book of Homilies, denouncing popery, during which
there was a good deal of disturbance originated by those who
disapproved of them, and by the dries of " Turn them out"
from the other side.] They should take it patiently. All
that he said was law. They should not be angry with him,
they should reserve their anger for the British nation, for
these Homilies were the expression of the national mind.
Now how did it happen that Mr. O'Connell, amid all his
clamours for repeal, never demanded the repeal of these
laws ? (Hear and cheers.) Here the laws of the land
gave a character of popery, and the Queen had com-
pelled him by oath to assent to it—the Queen had compelled
him to swear that popery was " antichristian," " absurd,"
" knavish," " most abominable," " devilish," " filthy,"
" fulsome," " blasphemous ;" that popish religious service
was " a mockery," " a dumb mass," a horrible profana-
tion," "necromancy" and " witchcraft ;" that popish
priests were " Romish wolves," " special instruments of the
devil ;" that the Pope was a " horrible blasphemer," a
" traitor to God," a " false foreign usurper," an " in-
satiable wolf," a " most cruel tyrant ,•" that the popish sys-
tem was " worse than paganism," " puppet-show" sys-
tem " the Babylonical beast of tome." (Loud cheers for
some time.) Here was the national mind and the national
law with respect to popery, the rectitude of which the Queen
compelled him and all clergymen to swear to, and the repeal
of which Mr. O'Connell never thought of calling for. Why
not ? Because in his soul he knew that it could not be
gainsaid. He for his part regarded this as just the plain
truth with respect to popery, to maintain which he would
not only be willing to meet any priest in argument, but
to lay down his life for his testimony. (Cheers.) The
priests were dared and defied to 'gainsay this? the national
view of Popery, but they shrunk from the question, and aban-
doned the field of discussion. (Cheers.) Now he would
ask them, this being the national mind with respect to Popery,
could anything be more awful than the national support of
the system thus nationally repudiated and denounced. (Loud
cheers.) Only think of giving money from the national tree.-
sury to instruct men in mocking and blaspheming God ; to
propagate the delusions of an anti-christian apostasy. Only
think of appointing, as chaplains, " special instruments of the
devil," and of endowing chapels, churches, and bishoprics
abroad to keep Up " horrible profanation" and " mummlsh
massing." He said, let them only think of these things, and
ask themselves what but national calamity could be expected
as the result. (Cheers.) Could there be conceived more
daring defiance of God, more injurious profanation of the
divine majesty, than that the nation should profess a certain'
system to be aboinination in his eyes, and yet expend its trea-
sures in supporting and diffusing that system. Did not they all
confess that good works were the result of divine grace, and
that-if that grace were withdrawn every species of crime and
enormity would be the result? And yet, notwithstanding
this confession, they actually proceeded in the very way to
produce this result. It was notorious that at the present day
the Irish papers gloried in the ptevalence of English crime.
(No, no.) He said, " Yes, yes." Let any one consult the
columns of the Evening Pose, the Freenzhn's Journal, and
the Morning Register, (Dublin papers,) and he would find
in almost every publication a long catalogue of enormities '
committed in England given, and much gratification in-
dulged in at the contrast which the state of Ireland pre-
sented. This was a fact. He did not wonder at it—he was
little surprised at it. The state showed the example of
casting off all concern for religion in its conduct.. Was it
any wonder that the people should do the same. The Par-
liament was an unprincipled Parliament—a Parliament with-
out principles—treating truth and falsehood, Christianity
and anti-Christianity, alike; in a word, an unprincipled Par-
liament. What wonder was it that they should have unprin-
cipled cottagers and unprincipled operatives, that they should
see all the frightful results of the absence of principle mani-
fested in the land. The Parliament said, Jew, Turk, so-
cialist, papist, or athiest, are all alike, and no difference
should be made in consequence of. religious distinctions.
Let an humble family only take up and act out the senti-
ment, they would find the father killing the mother, the
wife the husband, the sons murdering the daughters, the
daughters making themselves vile and cutting their infants'
throats. Why ? Simply because they took up the corrupt
and abominable principle now adopted by the state, or rather
the total indifference to principle which it professed. (Loud
cheers for some time.) He repeated, then, that he was not
at all astonished at the results of the present system of state
policy. Mind, he did not mean to say that these crimes af-
forded any just ground of glorying to the papists, as though
their system were more purifying in its results that the Pro-
testant system, although that was the conclusion they drew :
not at all—far from it. There was vice in England, and that
vice naturally enhanced by the dealing of the nation towards
the popish system ; but there was virtue in it too. Our
church services were not crimes against the Almighty God
—a mockery and blasphemy of Divine Majesty. (A cry of
" Prove it.") Prove it ! why is is proved already ! (Loud
cheers.) This book—the book of Homilies—which the
nation has adopted as its faith, proves it. (Cheers
repeated.) Prove it ! No, but let your priests dis-
prove it—or gainsay it—or attempt to gainsay it ; and I
fancy there will riot be wanting many among my clerical
brethren in Liverpool who will maintain the truth of the
Protestant doctrine to their confusion. (Loud cheers.) The
Irish newspapers indulged in long notices of English crime,
but they did not say a word of English virtue. (" The
Bishop of Clogher.") The Bishop of Clogher! Hold your
tongue about the Bishop of Clogher. Why, I have only to
open a book there on the table to show you, that before the
reformation every monastery welted with Bishops of Clogher
—with monsters defiled by every enormity. (Cheers.) At
that time, Bishops of Clogher amid the bachelor priesthood
were as thick as blackberries. (Load cheers.) Therefore;
the less on that subject the better for popery. (Cheers.)
But to return, not a word did the Irish papers "say of English
virtue, of English dignity, enlightenment', refinement—all
derived from Protestantism. Not a word of their institutes

for the propagation of knowledge, wisdom, and understand-
ing ; not a word of church instruction societies, nor mecha-
nics' libraries, of the virtue that adorned the social circle of
the truly pious, nor of the growth in every admirable
._
which was so worthy of. re

_ rots privileged land.
(Cheers.) He had been for some time resident in England,
and of late travelled through a great part of it, and it had
astonished him to hear of the multitude of great characters
who were growing, unnoticed, in almost every locality, men
whom their religion called into moral being, who derived from
it all the attributes which adorned our nature. The Irish
newspapers said nothing of these. (Cheers.) No ! The
vice of England arose from the neglect of English religion.
Thank God, English religion was not itself a vice—(cheers)
—a crime, a blasphemy, bringing down from on high a
curse, a moral paralysis, that sunk the people
,into the
very depth of spiritual degradation. (Cheers.) lie con-
tended against Popery not because of the crimes in certain
stages of its being that it originates, but because of the moral
blight—the tremendous curse—the degradation that it im-
posed even on its pious votaries. Were there not a prisoner
for trial in the gaols of Ireland, not a crime recorded in its
calendars, lie would still contend against Popery as the most
gigantic of evils. (Cheers.) Popery was a system of lies,
and therefore it was a system of tyranny and bondage. How
could Popery tolerate liberty ? Liberty would necessarily
destroy it. Is it to be supposed that the fable of St.:Denis,
with his head under his arms, or St: Nicholas abstaining
from suck 'at his nurse's breast on Wednesdays and Fridays—
(loud laughter)—that these monstrous absurdities could stand
iu the light of a free press? (No, no.) To be sure not.
Popery must persecute. They gave a free stage to all sorts of
opinions. conscious that as they stood on the ground of truth
they were immoveable. (Cheers.) Every Popish country
was an enslaved country. England was an enslaved country
while a Popish one. Popery froze the intellect—debased the
understanding—filled the mind full of the most stupid fables
and absurdities—and therefore, quite irrespective of its moral
effect necessarily degraded those whp were its victims. (No,
no, and disturbance.) He said again—yes, yes. Allow him
to illustrate his position by reference to a book which he had
in his hand. (A voice—Was it printed in Exeter Hall ?)
No, indeed, it was printed, strange to say, in Heaven. (Great
laughter.) No less—in Heaven. (Cheers.) It was the life
of Saint Philomena. (The rev. gent. then gave an account
of the book, which convulsed the house with laughter. For
the absurd character of its contents it far surpassed anything
we ever heard of even in Popery. Among the miracles which
it recorded was this—that when a large edition of the work was
sold off, the writer and main actor in the discovery of this new
saint, going to his bursae, found a miraculous supply of fresh
copies !!! This and other statements were published with the
approbation of a Roman bishop.) There, what did they
think of that? (Cheers.) Let them note—this was no an-
tiquated superstition ; the book was published in 1835, and
there had been many editions since ; in the nineteenth cen-
tury this stuff had circulation among papists. He insisted
that a people so infatuated as to 'receive it was a degraded
people, it they were distinguished by ever so much mere
morality. Their minds were a mass of fatuity—steeped in
midnight darkness. (Cheers.) Was the reception of such
stuff consistent with the progress of knowledge ? (No, no.)
Certainly not. Could such dreams co-exist with the educa-
tional institutes of England? (cheers) or it' England were in-
volved in the old worminisni (begging the pardon of the old
women) of so degrading a system, would she, or could she,
occupy her place among the nations ? (Cheers.) No, she
would be reduced to a level with Spain, or Italy, or Ireland.
(Cheers.) He rejoiced in the feeling hich influenced them.
He exulted in the laugh of scorn which convulsed the thou-
sands before him—(cheers.)—but he besought them to con-
sider the subject in the light of truth—to solemnize their
minds while he directed their attention to its serious bear-
ings. This system infatuated the people. Aye, but it
brought a curse upon them also—it made them a byword
among the nations, and a wagging of the head among the
people ; aye, but it made them also an abomination in the
sight ofGod. (Cheers.) Its absurdity divested them of in-
tellectual eminence, but the curse that was visited on them
by it, stripped them naked, kept them hungry, drove them
into exile, made them the victims—the willing victims of
ten thousand tyrants, the beggars—the mendicants of the
whole world. (Loud cheers.) Popery was of the devil—it
abode beneath the wrath of the most high—it was the prime
plague and pestilence of the world, and he asked what could
be expected when the English nation, made great and emi-
nent, by opposing this,system, and to oppose it, resigned
itself to the work of extending its influence, and rivetting its
chains. (Cheers.) Would it be to be wondered at it' cala-
mity and overthrow had followed a line of conduct so utterly
inconsistent with truth and principle. (Cheers.) Let them
not deceive themselves, England was not respected at
the present day—England, strange as it might seem,
was despised in Ireland. Mr. O'Connell did, not con-
ceal the contempt with which he regarded this country. He
well remembered, when that gentleman first entered the Bri-
tish parliament, the awe with which lie seemed to view the
greatest assembly in the world. It was apparent in his lan-
guage. But he had discovered the secret of their weakness
—lid held the keys of their power—and now the British par-
liament was GOO scoundrels ! The terror of the British name
had departed. France swaggered, and England was tranquil.
It was interesting to note how Mr. O'Connell triumphed at
the prospect of war. His language seemed to be, " Let
England go to war if she dare; I glory in the prospect of
war, for it will enable me to make my own terms." How
so ? He knew that a large portion of the army was papist,
and that. the Irish police force was almost exclusively
popiah. He knew well that all the strongholds of Ireland
were in his, hands. He calculated that when he chose
he could make a surrender, and therefore he did not hesi-
tate to threaten as lie had done. Was it not deplorable
to wisness the results of unprincipled compromise and un-
christian expediency ? (Cheers.) Every man was a sufferer
by the existing state of things. He confessed that he spoke
with a felling of grievance resting on him personally. He
considered himself a sufferer by the policy now acted on.
He belonged to the church, and lie considered himself just
as fairly entitled to expect promotion as his brethren (loud
cheers), but he knew that his zeal against popery was an ob-
stacle in his way. (Hear, hear.) He knew that the influ-
ence. of the government stood opposed to persons of his
principles, and that therefore his opportunities of usefulness
were contracted, and his temporal prospects limited. (Hear,
hear.) Now was it not an atrocious and a monstrous evil,
that the very qualifications that should ensure success, were
a detriment and at' obstacle to it. Was it not a monstrous
evil, that such men as Hugh Stowell, Hugh M`Neile, Thos.
Mortimer, Robert Montgomery, and Robert M`Gee, the
men that the church looked to as its lights, should, because
they were its lights, be excluded from its honours and from
its benefits, and that while their qualifications disqualified
them, treason to principle was the- ground of preferment.
(Loud cheers, and cries of—lt is a shame.) Let him just
illustrate what be said. There was a short time since in the
church, a certain curate, of very high evangelical profession,
and greatly opposed to papacy, of the name of Mr. Hoare,
he was a curate, however, and he found that if he depended
upon his piety and his evangelism, he might expect to live
and die a curate; lie therefore bethought him of a better
market for his wares—accordingly lie wrote a pamphlet, eat-
ing up all his former professions:—renouncing his former
principles—lauding the god system of education which you in
Liverpool so well appreciate—and presently he stood forth
an Archdeacon. (Hear, hear.) Well this did not satisfy
him. He wrote another pamphlet of the same character as
the former, and is rewarded by a rich living. A third makes-
him a Dean—(hisses)—and now he has issued a new work,
which has !placed him in the position of being the next ex-
pectant Bishop. Allow him to give them an extract from
this pamphlet of Dean Hoare. (The reverend gentleman
here read a passage from Dean Hoare's pamphlet, in
which he alleges that the principles of the people in Ire-
land are more sound than in perhaps any country in
Europe. And they are not so " easily humbugged" as the
English, nor so prone to fanatical sectarianism, of the sort
introduced by Thom and Soutlicote, as they. The reading
of the passage seemed to give satisfaction to the Roman Ca-
tholic portion of the audience.) There was the language on
which Dean Hoare grounded his hopes for a mitre. He
lauds the effects of popery, and the insults the people of Pro-
testant England, by statements so grossly false as that they
seemed wantonly designed to pamper the appetite of the popish
maligners of England, who govern, however, the patronage
of the kingdom. The English people are easily humbugged,
proclaims Dean Hoare. They are . more easily humbugged
than the Irish. The Irish are not so disposed to new-fans
gled notions in religion as the English, nor so easily hum-
bugged as they—why, what is popery but one great humbug ?
(loud cheers)—a gigantic system of humbug from the be-
ginning to the end. And yet the Irish are not so easily hum-
bugged as the Euglish! So says Dean Hoare, and expects to
be a bishop by the declaration ; and then " they have too
much of the organ of veneration to allow them to take
uu new-fangled notions"—St. Philomela to wit. (Loud
and continued cheering.) Why there is not a year that
passes in -which popery does not invent some unheard-of
piece of new-fangled monstrosity to meet the diseased appe-
tite with which credulity has provided its dupes. (Cheers.)
Yet this is the man, and a fair specimen of the men, now
raised to power in the church. He repeated that it was trea-
son to principle which was now promoted, and faithfulness
to principle which was excluded and punished. Was this
right ? (No, no.) He begged to ask, was it not a deplora-
ble state of things—was it not a monstrous grievance—that
such a man as Dean Hoare should be exalted in the church ?
Was it not? (A loud cry of "Yes, yes.") Let it go forth
to Dean Hoare, and to Lord Morpeth, who lifted him up,
that this is the sense of this vast assembly—that unmingled
indignation and disgust were excited by an account of the
vile compromise of principle that now receives the only re-
rewards which the state has it in its power to bestow.
(Cheers.) He repeated, then, that zeal for truth was
now the ground of exclusion—indifference to error the
reason for promotion. This was a state of things that
their association should endeavour to meet. He did
not know why the Protestant Operative Association should
not 'address the throne, urging that those alone should be
promoted in the church who are faithful to its principles.
(Cheers.) He, therefore, felt himself aggrieved, because he
felt himself excluded ; and not only so, but lie knew it to be
a fact, that the poor protestants of Ireland were now syste-
matically shut out from those offices to which they, above all
others, had the best claim. (Cheers.) He knew well that
the being an Orangeman was the ground of exclusion. He
had been,an Orangeman himself, and he gloried in it. (Loud
cheers, and a cry of " Rathcormac.") Was there anything
wrong in that ? (Loud cries of " No, no.") The society
was a legal society ; its objects just and christian. Its de-
sign was not to persecute those opposed to it, but simply to
maintain protestantism (cheers), afford defence to protester'.
tants, end maintain the cause of the family that sat upon the
throne. (Loud cheers.) Now, he contended that it was a
sin in the sight of God that men, whose objects were so en-
tirely accordant with christian principle, should be made to
suffer for their christian zeal. (Hear, hear.) He believed
that it was more grievously offensive in the sight of God,
that one protestant should be reduced to a state of destitu-
tion and misery in consequence of his zeal for truth, than
that the whole Roman Catholic population of Ireland
should, as the natural result of the curse entailed upon
the antichristian system, be brought under the endur-
ance of all the heavy ills which it was notorious they had
already laboured under (hear, hear), and laboured under
simply as the natural and inevitable consequence of their
popery—(cheers)—the consequences visited on it in Spain,
Italy, Portugal, Austria, and every other country in which it
was found. Some one had taunted him with Rathcormac.
He was much obliged to that person for reminding him of
the circumstance. Allow him to tell them the history of Rath-
cormac. Mr. O'Connell wrote a public letter, dated 27th Sep-
tember, 1834, and in that letter he used the following lan-
guage .—" If I be a tenant from year to year, and that after
the Ist of November next, a tithe owner comes to distrain
my land, I am entitled to keep him off my land with a strong
hand, and if he persist in trespassing, I am entitled to wallop
him off my laud, if I cannot otherwise get him off. The go-
vernment cannot allow him the aid of a military force or
police in distraining." Here was the language of Mr.
O'Connell. Well. On the 18th of December, in the same
year, the Rev. Mr. Ryder, aided by the military, went to
distrait' the Widow Ryan, and the nine following per-
sons—plr. Gregg gave the names]—proceeded according to
Mr. 0 Connell's advice to wallop them of her land. They
fell victims to their resistance and to their reliance on Mr:
O'Connell's advice. Now mark. The Widow Ryan got up
a petition, entreating redress from the House of Commons :
this was committed to Mr. O'Connell for presentation. He
put a notice upon the books of the house that he would pre-
sent it upon a certain day ;
the day came and it was put off
to another, to a second, a third, and a fourth, and finally
the thing was cushioned. Why ? 'Because, in fact, in-
vestigation into the subject could only have made it plain to
the whole world, that the men who were slain were Mr.
juSsoticfaer
of
fr
titles.Ratl
i
ooo'rernomonn.ellN'soowwan
wviocrtdimass. (L
(Haar.) It' lie took a certain portion of land in order
totohuedacbhset er
ar se
.t)
that he might make a living for his family out of it,
subject to the condition that he should give a tenth
of the produce to a certain person, was he not bound
to stick to his bargain or give up his land? (Loud cries of

Yes.") Would it be fair or honest on his part to say, that
as he did not approve of the religion of the person to whom
he was bound by his engagement, he would therefore not be
bound 4 his word ? Certainly not. What would they think of
his going to a tailor, ordering a suit of clothes, and when they
were sent with the bill, of his putting on the clothes, but send-
ing the tailor word that his conscience would not allow him to
give him his money, since he had discovered that he was a
papist? (Hear.) 'Would that be fair? Certainly not. And
if, when the tailor sent the Queen's officers to compel him to
pay the debt. he proceeded to wallop them off, and fell a vic-
tim to his foolish resistaace would he be entitled to any por-
tion of the public commisseration? (" No," and cheers.)
Just as absurd, then, was the language of those men who
would elevate into the rank of martyrs the victims who suf-
fered because they would neither stick to their bargain nor
give up their land. (Hear.) But he insisted that the Roman
Catholics received value from the church ; and he considered
it important to urge this upon them, in order that they might
have no hesitation as to the course of conduct that he desired
to lead them to. To whom was it that they were indebted
for plenteous harvests ? To God Almighty. He gave. them
rain and sunshine in due season, and multiplied the fruits of
the earth. Now they might expect, if they adopted a line of
action pleasing in His eyes, that He would give them rich
abundance,--but that if they acted in a different manner, He
would visit them
,with scarcity. (Cheers.) Well. If they
planted on the summit of every hill, and in the bosom of
every vale, a temple to His praise, from whence there were
sent up a holy worship, and through which virtue, morality,
and wisdom were diffused through the land, and by which the
blessing of the Lord descended upon them, manifested inours,
the abundant bestowal of His providential favours, lie
contended that all derived benefits—that all received
value from an institution which produced these results.
(Cheers.) Yea, even they (lid who might refuse to be-
come participators in the worship which produced the
blessing. (Immense cheering.) Ths simple question
then, was this—was their church the true church ?If it
were, such *ere its results. Every inhabitant of the state
was made a partaker of substantial benefits through its in-
fluence, a receiver of actual value from its ministrations, and
should consider himself rather privileged than aggrieved in
being called upon to contribute to its support. Hence, he
considered, with all due respect for Mr. John Thorogood,
that his opposition to the church was a very foolish opposi-
tion, and gave him no claim whatsoever to the sympathies of
the wise and good. If he could justly pronounce the doc-
trines of the church false, be would then have something
like a ground to stand upon ; but to affect to be a martyr
for resisting the true church of Jesus Christ, was a course
of conduct the policy of which seemed very doubtful.
(Cheers.) Let them, then, perceive that fu every way they
stood upon the ground of truth, and that ground they would
maintain in spite of the world, the flesh, and the devil, sim-
ply because it was the ground of truth. (Cheers.) [The
rev. gentleman then proceeded with great energy and effect
to exhibit the Scriptural working of Church and State. He
showed, in ra,manner so satisfactory as to obtain the entire
approbation of the meeting, that it was the duty of the go-
vernment to occupy itself in the diffusion of gospel light
through the whole community, and that this might be. done
in such a way in Ireland as effectually to overthrow the
power of darkness in that country ; and in England as to raise
to the highest pitch the moral character of the lower orders
of the people ; and thus indefinjtely to promote their
happiness and prosperity. The fact of the publication
of controversial sermons in the reigns of Edward VI.
and Elizabeth seemed to make a deep impression on the
meeting; which, indeed, the speaker carried with him all
through.] What then did they want ? Christian legislation.
How was this attainable ? Through a Christian government
and Christian rulers. It was utterly impossible so long as the
present constitution of parliament continued ; it was there-
fore plainly evident that in order to obtain the legislation
which the necessities of the country demanded, the Roman
catholics must be removed from parliament, and the emanci-
pation bill repealed. (Tremendous applause.) He rejoiced
in their enthusiasm. He felt no doubt as to the ultimate
accomplishment of their purposes. Let them only join the
Protestant Operative Association, and through it work on
public opinion, and in due time every difficulty would give
way, and success crown their labours. [We regret that owing
to want of time we are obliged to content ourselves with pre-
senting to our readers this abridged outline of the rev. gen-
tleman s eloquent and powerful address. It occupied three
'hours in the delivery.]
The Rev. A. M'CoNacEr, in an appropriate addres
moved that the cordial ,thanks of the protestants of Live]
pool be presented to the Rev. T. D. Gregg, for his able an
convincing address to them that evening.
Mr. ISAAC HOLMES seconded the motion, and expresse
the pleasure he had received from the luminous exposition
of the rev. gentleman.

The motion was carried by acclamation.
The Rev. Mr. SPENCEI,L then moved a vote of thanks to
the Rev. 11. S. Joseph, for his able and impartial conduct in
the chair.

The Rev. ROBERT MONTGOMERY, in seconding the nio.,
tion said,—My brother protestants, the high and the unme-
rited honour has been conferred upon me of echoing the
proposal of my respected and reverend friend. I rise then to
join my very feeble and imperfect voice, amidst the glorious
hosannahs of protestantisin that have now been reverberating
throughout this vast assembly. And why ? Because pro-
testantiam is truth, radiant, pure, Almighty truth ; and when
it comes into the mind and conscience of man, it purifies, it
irradiates, and it renders that mind almost omnipotent.
(Cheers.) Ido trust that the majestic scene of moral hero-
ism, which this night has been exhibited, will be immortal-
ized in our memories, and developed in our lives. It is a
noble sight to see our beloved friend come forward and so to
speak, repeat that glorious scene, witnessed some three cen-
turies ago, when the solitary monk that awoke the world,
stood forth with unshrinking brow, and with unequalled
voice, in the presence of the world, the flesh, and the devil,
and cried out, " I neither will nor can retract, except con-
vinced by the word of God." (Cheers.) Brother protes-
tants, that man was Luther. (Loud cheers.) And we
rejoice to see his resuscitation this night. (Cheers.) Luther
is alive again ! The voice of Luther is resounding throughout
this empire, and the far roll of his mighty thunder is among
the seven hills of Rome, smiting with pahtness the travestied
image of Christ, and ringing in anticipation the funeral knell
of popery. (Cheers.) N 1 hat is popery ? The gospel accord-
ing to man, a system of doctrinal caricatures, whereby truth,
as she was formed by the Almighty, is fouled over with every
sensual darkness, corruption, and sin. (Cheers.) What is
popery ? It is the vampire of the Bible, that has drained
or would drain the life7blood out of the ,divinity of it, and
leaVe nothing but the carcase of superstition behind. (Cheers.)
What is popery ? It is the . Anti-Christian mystery; and
mark you, this description radiates in lines of severest appli-
cation to the whole circumference of its abominations, which
clashes with in its fitbles, and contradicts with its corruptions,
the entire truth as it is in Jesus. Oh ! who is my God?
He
is love ; popery has made him cruel. Who is my Saviour ?
A man now with a human heart, peopled with human sym-
pathies, prolonging even upon the throne those pulsations of
a mighty love which were the root of his character, and
which once gushed forth in tears of blood. (Cheers.) NVhat
has popery done? . It has drawn his human sympathies out
of him, and . presented us with a sinful woman in his place.
(Applause.) What is popery? Mark the description. It
is mystery; in other words, unlike other forms of sacred
villany, which stare upon the conscience with all the naked-
ness of reality, popery is a calculating mystery, where pre-
tensions upon the one hand and performances upon the other
are seen to counterplay in one endless contrariety. Popery
is the devil's masterpiece. It is a system for keeping men
• from God under the aspect of bringing them to him, and
therefore it has lighted up a moral jubilee in the pit of dark-
ness itself. (Applause.) When we remember that this sys-
tem of combination, corruption, sensuality, darkness, and
.paganism, only reached its climax about the sixteenth cen-
tury, are we dealing in protestant exaggeration in saving that
popery is that concentration of spiritual iniquity over which
the energies of hell had trembled and all agreed to meet. and
round which the archfiend himself now watches with all the
love of a parent and all the tenacity of a fiend ? (Applause.)
This is popery. (Cheers.) Brother protestants. hear ano-
ther description of popery. Popery is a beautiful animal.
It has been•taken into the zoological gardens of modern re-
finement : its claws have been cut to make it admired of the
people : " A pretty little thing it is ! only look at it !—pretty
little thing, it is quite harmless," is what is said now.
(Applause.) But popery is the great beast. And how is
popery to be put down ? (A person in the gallery here used
some exclamation, the purport of which we could not catch.)
My witty friend (proceeded the rev. gentleman) is not at all
alarming. I tun glad to have this interruption, and I will
tell you why—because it furnishes another argument where-
with to shew the power of popery to blot out every instinct
of the human heart.

Popery is a monster of such hideous mein,
That to be hated needs but to be seen.
(Cheers.) My brethren, in conclusion, I would say we
should put down Popery by putting up the word of God.
We shall then have, by the blessing of God, the grandest
coronation that has ever been celebrated within the limits of
the throne—it will be the coronation of the Bible ; and when
that national coronation takes place, Ireland will be free,
bebause the Bible is free, the birth-right of the human kind,
and the great charter of the world's salvation. (Cheers.)
Therefore we do say, circulate the mind of the Almighty as
far as the operations of the human spirit extend. The Bible
is the centre of our common Protestantism ; around it all
the saving oneness of God stands complete ; let every coun-
try see the great apocalypse of God to man, the enemy of
Popery, of infidelity, of heathenism, and therefore the enemy
of every enemy against God and against man. (Cheers.) In
conclusion, I ask, is this night to pass away, are theseexpressions
to be the mere evaporation of an excited moment? (No.)
We do not want emotion ; we want action ; we want head-
work, heart-work, and hand-work. We want all to come
forward in prayer and in faith, and to present a bold, indo-
mitable front against all the powers and principalities of the
world ; to stand forward upon the great platform of the Re-
deemer's truth, and cry, " Let God arise, and his enemies
be scattered !" God grant that a day may soon come when
we shall see the proud ;lag of Protestantism waving through
the length and breadth ,of the laud ; when every man shall
grasp the sword of the Spirit, and the shield of faith, and
having upon that banner the battle word " Emanuel," go
forth shouting, with one heart and with one mind, " No
peace with Rome till Rome has made her peace with God."
(Loud cheers.)
Mr. JOSEPH then briefly returned thanks, and after the
doxology had been sung, and a blessing pronounced, the
meeting separated.

THE LIVERPOOL_ BOROUGH LIST OF HOUSE-

HOLD VOTERS

The Attorney-General has given the following opinion on
the question as to the legality of the publication of the Li-
verpool lists :

1.--I am of opinion that in point of time the publication
of the list, in this case, is not liable to any objection.
" 2.-1 am of opinion that the act has not been strictly
complied with as to churches and chapels, and that it would
be proper to• return to the former practice on this subject.
" 3.-1 am clearly of opinion that no condition precedent
has been violated, that the irregularity pointed out is merely
a departure from a directory enactment, and that the revi-
sing barrister is bound to revise the list. _

`74.—lenteit;iin---no doubt that a good election may take
place under the piesent list when revised. Even should the
:evising barrister be of a contrary opinion, I would most
respectfully but most earnestly advise him to revise the list,
leaving the question open for decision by a committee of the
House of Commons.

" s.—lf he were to refuse to do so, the.whole paribh of
Liverpool must be disfranchised for the whole year.
G.—Claims could not be made in. the manner proposed.
7.—Nothing more can now be done to correct the irre-
gularity ; but I am of opinion, that, with a view to revision
and all subkquent proceedings, it is quite immaterial.
• -

" Temple, 1

4ugust 18, 1840."

` J. CAMPBELL.

ROMAN. CATHOLIC 13EQUESTS.—About two years ago we
announced that the enormous sum of £300i200 had been left
to two vicars apostolic of the catholic church, by the late
Mr. Blundell, of Ince, in this county. We have now to
announce that the large property of the late Mr. weatley, of
Brindle-lodge, in this county, 'has fallen into the hands of
the grand vicar of the Lancashire district, the Very Rev. T.
Sherburne, of the 'Willows near Kirkham. This gentleman
was confessor to the departed gentleman, and is left the sole
.
executor and res4luary legatee. Various are the rumours
that are afloat on this subject ; they are of too painful a nature
for us to give them a wider circulation, particularly as we are
informed that the validity of this will will be contested by the
heiress-at-law.—Lancaster Guardian.

The electors of Sudbury have determined to defend the
return of Mr. Tomline, M.P. for that borough, against the
petition now pending before the House of Commons, which
will be heard next session.
