NEW ZEALAND,

Proclamation by his excellency Sir George Gipps, knight,
captain-general and governor in chief in and over her ma-
jesty's territory of New South Wales and its dependencies,
and vice-admiral of the same, &c, &c, &c.

Whereas her Majesty was graciously pleased, by letters
patent, under the great seal of the united kingdom of Great
Britain and Ireland, bearing date the sth day of October,
1837, to constitute and appoint me, Sir George Gipps, knight,
to be captain-general and governor in chief in and over the
territory of Nw South Wales, comprised within the limits
therein mentioned ; and whereas, by certain other letters
patent under the great seal of the said united kingdom, bear-
ing date the 15th of June, 1839, her said Majesty has been
pleased to alter and enlarge the limits of the said territory
in manner hereinafter mentioned, and to revoke so much of
the said first mentioned letters patent as relates to the limits
of the said territory under my government, and to constitute
and appoint rne, Sir George Gipps, knight, to be captain-gen-
eral and governor in chief in and over the territory caled
New South Wales, extendinc, (save and except as therein is
excepted) from the NortherriCapie, or extremity of the coast,
called Cape York, in the latitude of 10 deg. 37 min. south
to the south extremity of the said territory of New South
Wales or Wilson's Promontory, in the latitude of 39 deg. 12
min. south, and of all the country inland to the westward as
far as 129 deg. of east longitude, reckoning from the meridian
of Greenwtch, including all the islands adjacent in the Pa-
cific Ocean, within the latitude aforesaid, of 10 deg. 37 min.
south and 39 deg. 12 min. south ; and also including Norfolk
Island, lyiug in or about the latitudes of 29 deg. 3 min. south,
and 168 deg. of east longitude from the said meridian of
Greenwich ; and also including any territory which is or may
be acquired in sovereignty by her said Majesty, her heirs,
or successors, within that group of islands in the Pacific
Ocean, commonly called New Zealand, lying between the
latitude of 34 deg. 30 min. and 47 deg. south, and 166 deg. 5
min., and 179 degrees east longitute from the said meridian
of Greenwich, and of all forts arid garrisons erected and
established, or which shall be erected or established within
the said territories, or within any of the said islands
except that of her Majesty's said territory which is called
and known by the province of South Australia, and
which lies between the meridians of the one hundred and
forty-first degrees of east longitude, and between the
Southern Ocean and twenty-sixth degree of south lati-
tude, and all and every the islands adjacent thereto, the
bays and gulfs thereof, as therein is excepted as aforesaid.
Now I, the Captain-General and Governor-in-Chief afore-
said, do hereby proclaim and declare that her Majesty has
been pleased to extend the said territory accordingly.
Given under my hand and seal, at Government House,
Sydney, this fourteenth day of January, one thousand
eight hundred and forty, in the third year of her
Majesty's reign.
(L. s.) GEORGE GIPPS, Governor-in-Chief.

The Globe announces the death of Lady Wilde, wife of the
Solicitor-General.

BENEFIT OF DINNERS.—One day when some one object-
ed to the practice of having dinners for parish or public pur-
poses, " Sir," said Lord Stowell, " I approve of the dinner
system ; it puts people in a good humour, and makes them
agree when they otherwise might not."
TILE HILT. COOLIES.—The introduction of the Hill Coolies
into the British colonies seems almost a necessary ineans of
checking the horrible slave-trade carried on by foreigners ;
but it is necessary that the legislature be on its guard lest
the Hill Coolie trade become itself a slave-trade as odious
and as criminal as that for which it is the proper remedy.
The Asiatic emigrants have no protection but the British
legislature : left to the mercy of importers and employers,
their condition will be even worse than the condition of ac_
tual slaves. We trust, therefore, that the subject will be
constantly kept under the notice of parliament. It is in our
power to restore the prosperity of the late slave colonies by
the accession of an industrious population of emigrants—
who, by the pressure of it ceased numbers, will force the
rest to industry, It is no less in our power to complete the
ruin of these colonies by reviving slavery in a worse form
than before, under the name of employing free emigrants.
The political economists tell us that 4 legislature ought never
to intermeddle between employer and employed. Experi,
ence and common sense say, that if a state is to be saved
from anarchy, the duty of this mediation is to be considered
the most important of all the duties of legislators.—Wate4.
