THEATRE•ROYAL, LIVERPOOL.

`For the BENEFIT-Of Mr. CHARLES KEMBLE, of the
Theatre-Royal, Covent-garden, and the Last Night of his
engagement.
Last appeal ance of Miss JOSEPHINE CLIFTON, of the
New York Theatre, and the Theatres-Royal, Drury-lane and
Covent-garden.
111 HIS present FRIDAY, the 19th instant, will be per-
formed the Comedy of

THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL.
Charles Surface Mr. C. Kemble.
Joseph Surface Mr. Stuart. •
Sir Peter Teazle (first time) Mr. Baker.
Lady Teazle Miss Josephine Clifton.
After which, the Petit COmedv, c d
A DAY AFTER THE W 'NO.
Colonel Freelove lr. C. Kemble.
Lady Elizabeth Freelove....Miss Clifton.
To conclude with a new Caledonian Ballet, called
SANDY AND JANET;
OR, THE SAILOR'S RETURN.
principal characters by Mr. J. Ridgway, Mr.l'. Ridgway, Mr.
F. Jonas, Miss Stanley, and Mademoiselle Marie.
On SATURDAY the Tragedy of BRUTUS. Lucius Junius,
Mr. Stuart.- Tullis., Mrs. Stanley. Tarquinia, Mrs. Shaw.
—After which, a Favourite BALLET.—To sconclude with
the Nautical Drama of BLACK-EYED SUSAN.

Lnwer Boxes 45.; Upper Boxes 3s. 6d; Pit 2s. 6d.; Gallery Is.
Places may be taken of Mr. Parker, at the Box-office, from
Ten till Three o'clock.

iljt Eiberpool zl-tanbarti.

FRIDAY MORNING, JUNE 19, 1835.

We have been favoured with the following extracts
from private letters which have been received in Liver-
pool relative to the disturbances at Callao, which we no-
ticed on Tuesday. The first is from Lima :
" Lima, Feb. 2,1835.—0 n the Ist instant, the garrison of
Callao rose upon its officers, made them prisoners, and nomi;
nated a sergeant as commander, declaring Gem Lafuente pre-
lident of the republic, he being then in the bay, in the U.S.
ship Fairfield. lie refused to accept their offer, and they be-
came intoxicated with liquor and sallied out, of the cellars, and
in a wanton manner fired down the Mole among a group of
about fifty persons. Lieutenant Drummond, the son of Gen.
Drummond, received a ball through his leg iu this way, render-
ing amputation necessary; he died from the result of this
wound yesterday, and was buried to-day in the Bella Vista;
this gentleman was attached to H.M.S. Satellite, and was con-
veying two English ladies to the boat of that ship when this
cruel outrage was committed. The mutineers held out for
thirty-six hours, when peace was promptly restored."

The second letter is dated, Valparaiso, February 23,
received here yesterday, per the

" Trade is but dull here, and we are overstocked with every
class of goods, excepting a few staple articles: fancy articles,
silks, &c., are dull of sale, with a loss of fifty per cent.
" In politics we are quiet: but we are not without earth-
quakes. A very strong shock was felt here a few days since;
Talea suffered severely; nearly all the houses are down, and
from fifteen to twenty lives were lost."

We like to see an uncompromising liberal in his true
character—denuded of his hypocritical covering—and
either half drunk or half rabid, speaking the: thoughts
which lie deepest. Mr. ROEBUCK, the member for Bath,
has afforded us an opportunity.
In the House of Commons on Monday night last, Mr.
Low-rnER, the member for York, presented a petition
from that city against the removal of the duty upon news-
papers, the petitioners being of opinion that such removal
"would tend to demoralize and degrade the present
newspaper press." At hearing these words, the agent of
the French-Canadians spoke as follows :
" Mr Roebuck was at a loss to imagine how the newspaper
press could by possibility be rendered more immoral or more de-
graded than it was at the present moment. A despotism was a
trifle in comparison with the tyranny of newspapers, which,
from the highest to the lowest, were in the lianas of a set of base
hirelings, who,. as cowardly as they were base, concealed their
names, and assassinated the characters of men in the dark.• The
newspaper press of the day was a mere mass of cowardice, black-
guardism. corruption, and treachery. (Oh, oh, and a laugh.)
The dignity of the press, indeed! The effect of a repeal of
these duties would undoubtedly be to destroy the vile crew who
now monopolized the press and obstructed knowledge, and
satost delighted should he be to see the day arrive. (Oh, oh.)
Had a tory said this, or the tenth part of this, what a

storm would have been raised from the one end of the
country to the other I It is a liberal and a radical, how-
ever, who ittgaiattser the conductors of .the press, from
the highest to the lowest, as base hirelings, moral assas-
sins, as corrupt cowards, and treacherous blackguards ;
and it remains to be seen how the press, the whig and
radical press in particular, will deal with this ROEBUCK.
Of course he cannot allude to those of whom personally
be can know nothing. Mr. ROEBUCK can know nothing
of the conductors of the tory press, for he does not move
in: such a sphere of life as would furnish him with an
opportunity to conic into contact with those who have
most distinguished themselves as tory miters. At the
same time the world will very naturally infer that the
member for Bath speaks from experience, and describes
parties with whom he has associated. These, of course,
must belong to his own dirty faction-7they must be the
wretched creatures who pay homage to JOSEPH Hulk:a:—
who call that respectable which is dishonest—that inde-
pendent. which is vile and venal—that pure which is as
Tank and foul as the unwashed shambles in the dog-days.
If Mr. ROEBUCK had confined himself to the people of
whom he has any knowledge, we should, perhaps, have
left our whig and liberal contemporaries to put in their
own defence; hut the liberal member for Bath makes no
exceptions. The conductors of the newspaper press, he
AayS, are ALL base hirelings, cowards, and blackguards:
Well, then, let us see who these cowards and hirelings
are. First stands Mr. JonN WALTER, the member fur
Berkshire; Mr. GROTE, the member for London; Mr.
CHARLES EASTHOPE, the member for St. Albans; Mr.
BARNES, of the Times; Mr. TAYLOR, of the Herald;
Dr. GIFFARD and Dr. MACGINN, of the Standard; Alt.
STUART, of the Courier; Mr. YOUNG, of the Sun; Colonel
TORRENS, of the Globe; a Committee of Licensed Victual-
lers, who conduct the Morning Advertiser; Mr. BAINES,.
the member for Leeds and conductor of the Leeds Mer-
cury; Mr. BRODIE, the member for Salisbury and the
conductor of a Salisbury paper; Mr. WHITTLE HARVEY,
who established the Sunday Times, Mr. WAKLEY, who
conducts a weekly paper; the present Attorney-General,
who was a reporter; Mr. O'DWYER, who is a reporter;
Mr. SHELL, who. reports upon his own account; Lord
PALMERSTON, Lori BROUGHAM, Mr. EDWARD ELLICE,
and Mr. LYTTON BULWER. All these -gentlemen are
more cr less iptimately connected .with the newspaper
press, either as editors, proprietors, hired writers, or
'alarieri-reporters;. and. these are the men whom Mr.
ROEBUCK calls a vile crew of cowards and blackguards.

Now let us inquire Who EDWARD JONATHAN ROEBUCK,
the member for Bath, is. We shall not go beyond him-
self to bring his parentage under review—JOSEPH HUME
knows all about that. With himself only will we deal.
First and foremost, he is an occasional writer of utilitarian
absurdities in that most sickly and contemptible of all
periodicals the Westminster Review—a work which is
fast going to the .dtigs—and which BOWRING and ROE-
tUCK are doing their best to write into oblivion. For the
trash which 11,6Eunex furnishes to the Westminster he
is of course paid, otherwise how could the creature
manage to live, poor though that pay be? Secondly,
ROEBUCK is the proprietor of a three half-penny maga-
zine, in which he advocates the tenets of the unitarians,
and out of which it is possible he may extract some
twenty or thirty shillings a week. As far, therefore, as
the press is concerned, JONATHAN ROEBUCK is a hireling,
and as base and as neeey a hireling as any blackguard
Connected with it. He has no claims whatever to any
talent or independence. But a few years ago he was a
hardfed usher in a socinian school, and we are confident
that it would puzzle him exceedingly to produce a bona
Ade qualification to sit in pat liament.
And it is a coxcomb like this who dares to throw his.
glanders upon men a thousand times more respectable,
more intelligent, and more independent than himself! Is
it this shoeblack in the service of Mr. HUME, whom
Jest:,..pit has contrived to push into parliament, for reasons
best known to himself, who has the impertinence and the
temerity to hold up every conductor of a public news-
Paper as a coward and a blackguard ? There may be,
and there are blackguards connected with the journals, as
there are in every profession, in the law, in the medical
Profession, in the conventicle, in public offices, and in a
certain HOUSE which shall be nameless. Such accident

are inseparable from the various shades of human society;
but we will take Upon ourselves to assert, after some ex-
perience, and a tolerable knowledge of the persons con-
nected with newspap&s, that we :do not know a single
man, a single 'hireling, or even a base hireling of the
press, who is a greater blackguard than ROEBUCK him-
self. Contenting ourselves with this declaration, Mr.
'ROEBUCK may put it into, the next cup of cote he is
Invited to in Bryanstone-square, and drink it off at a
draught. If it do not make him a " wiser and a better
man," we beg
,to assure him chat it cannot possibly do
him any harm.
What a delightful pass shall we have come to if slan-
ders like these, considering where they are uttered, are
to pass unpunished. What are the .circumstanees •A
meddling and conceited upstart, who has reached an ele-
vation in political, but no other society, beyond his merits,
chooses to assail the press in all the foul mouthed terms
of a low pothouse,—where ?; in the House of Commons,
where he can scold and libel with perfect impunity, where
no one can pull him by the nose or kick him down stairs.
Talk indeed of the license of the press l What is it to the
license of debate in the liouse of Commons ? If a word
is said in any paper reflecting with just or unjust severity
upon the personal conduct of any man, no mercy is shown
the unfortunate proprietor. The law lays its fangs upon
him with incredible celerity. Some needy and desperate
blackguard of the law is soon found to victimise and ruin
him and his property for ever. Not so is it when any
venomous or scurrilous blockhead chooses to attack pri-
vate persons, or professions, or bodies of men, in the
Commons' house of parliament. He is protected—he is
allowed to rail and revile, and slander and injure 'with
perfect impunity. Is this the sort of liberty we are to
enjoy under a reformed parliament? The press, we con-
cede; has tts faults, aye:and its vices, which GOD knows
are neither few nor small; but compared with the House
of Commons, its abuses and its power to commit wrong
are like a drop in the bucket to the waters of the ocean.

And yet the jackanapes whii assails the press, (under
the speaker's protection,) is a professed liberal, a philo-
sophical interpreter of the bible, a friend of education, a
penny-magazine man, a huge reformer of old abuses, an
immense patriot, who would make Canada his resting
place, even amid the flames of rebellion, provided he
could touch the corrupt bribe of I:600 a year. How long
will it be before the great body of the people are con-
vinced that such men are the worst foes of liberty, and the
greatest enemies of their country? This ROEBUCK is the
representative of the radicals of Bath. If they return him
again they will prove themselves to be the most degraded
,slaves on the face of the earth.

Foreign. politics have fora long period been so uninte-
resting that we have studiously avoided thrusting them
upon the attention of our readers. In fact we have so
many changes to encounter of a domestic nature, all of
deep concernment as regards the church, the monarchy,
and the institutions of our country, that we have deemed
it a duty to merge foreign quarrels in the consideration
of the sweeping revolution which is desecrating all that
is holy and venerable at home.
An event, however, has occurred, which is of the ut-
most importance in a national point of view, inasmuch
as it endangers the peace of Europe, involves the happi-
ness of thousands of families in these realms, and may,
and probably will, be drawn into a precedent, when in a
moment of weakness hordes of foreigners may be enlisted

to join the Roman catholics of Ireland in the perilous
work of dismembering the British empire.
We allude to the invidious and therefore unjust sus-
pension of the foreign enlistment act in favour of the
de facto sovereign, ISABELLA, the Queen of Spain. Our
readers need not be told that this princess has a ques-
tionable right to the crown. The brother of the late
King lays claim to it, and is at this moment contending
successfully for it by force of arms. The people of Spain
generally are in his favour. He has beat back, if not
destroyed, all the armies sent against him by the govern-
ment of the regency acting in the name of the young
queen. It is clear that Don CARLOS has the people in
his favour---Ahe credit of the regency iS almost annihila-
ted—and. that, unless foreign powers interfere, non
CARLOS will be King of Spain before the end of autumn.
The question then resutves i6Eilf into this -Are the
parties to the quadrupartite treaty, namely, England,
France, Portugal, and one, of the fourth-rate northern
powers, bound to interfere in favour of FERDINAND'S
child, the Donna ISABELLA ? The present' ministry of
England assume that they ,are bound. But how do they
act ? Precisely as the whigs invariably do. They pre-
fer doing that by fraud and connivance which, if done at
all, should be done by the nation, and by a positive and
unequivocal declaration of war. The RUSSELL-O'CON-
NELL cabinet do not choose to go to war in support of
Donna ISABELLA. They have the desire but not the
courage. They favour a side, but they have not the man-
liness to fit out an armament to enforce their own
professions and most solemn engagements. Is it of
England—of proud England—of the conqueror of NA-
POLEON-of the mistress of the seas, we write this ?
Alas, it is true ! Under whig misrule we are so poor, so
hard up, to use a Greek phrase, that we are obliged to
do that as a thief or a Orate which we ought to do as
powerful intercessors bound by solemn covenants.
And what do the whigs at the last moment of the last
desperate hour do in favour of the young. queen of Spain
and her very worthy and chaste mother ? They par-
tially suspend the enlistment act, and they allow volun-
teer scamps, of needy circumstances and forlorn fortunes,
to crimp among thieves, and enlist Irish murderers, in
order to raise a force, in these islands, of from 10,000 to
20,000 men, who are to invade Spain, aid the queen, and
arrest the progress of Don CARLOS in his hitherto tri
umphant career towards Madrid and the crown.
Colonel EVANS, the member for Westminster, it is
said, is to command the.voluntary expedition. He is as-
sisted by several stock jobbers and a few money-hatching
and unprincipled lawyers of the city of London. " West-
minster's pride," therefore, is to support " Westminster's
glory," by the aid of pickpockets and scamps—by gaol
heroes from Kilmainham—hy patriots who have cheated
the gallows—by the scum of plunderers who will console
themselves, even in extremity, that. they have had the
honour of being shot, instead of the disgrace of being
hanged.

That shot the greater portion of these honourable he-
roes will be, should they at all enter upon the war, we
have no doubt whatever. Colonel EVANS may be a brave
man enough; but that he is a general remains to be
proved. Supposing EVANS to be a MARLBOROUGH or a
IVELLINGToN. which •eve take leave to question, still
comes the difficulty, what command will he have over the
beggarly and plundering horde who go for no other pur-
pose but that of plunder ? Again, what are 10,000 or
20,000 men in the fields of Spain ? The Duke d'Arg-
uovumE had some difficulty in marching upon Madrid
with upwards of 100,000 men. Our volunteer ruffians
and gaol birds will consequently have hardly a chance, if
they act at all. ZUMALACARRYGUY will make short work
of them ; and if they are destroyed, who is to relieve the
burthen thus thrown upon the English poor-rates•?

The influence of popery upon the lowest and most
numerous class of its devotees is essentially the same in
all countries where the laws are not enforced in a despo-
tic manner. It has a demoralizing tendency—it produces
mental slavery—it engenders crime. In Ireland no man
dares to speakagainst the abominations of that idolatrous
system without placing his life in the most imminent
peril. We do solemnly believe that there is not a single
protestant in Ireland whom a popish priest could not
cause to be murdered by holding up his hand and point-
ing to his victim. Two murders a day, according to Mr.
Secretary LITTLETON, is the average number in that
frightful country. Only imagine that SEVEN HUNDRED
AND THIRTY human beings are assassinated annually in
cold blood, many of thein in open day, in that island, and
you will have at once a picture of what popery produces
in Ireland. These crimes are not perpetrated by despe-
rate men, who are driven to deeds of blood in order, as
they conceive, to conceal the robbery they have accom-
plished. No; the murderers are generally small farmers,
many, if not- most of them, in comfortable circumstances,
who obey to the very letter the priest's directions, who

are devout at mass, regulur at confession; and yet for
an assumed, if not imaginary, grievance, caused by the
enforcement of a just right by a protestant, they conspire
to murder him, cherish the deepest and darkest feelings
of revenge, wait an opportunity with indomitable perse-
verance, and seldom or never fail in accomplishing their
diabolical purpose. Such is popery in Ireland.
We lament to state that crime is increasing with the.
increase of popery in other parts of the King's dominions.
The form it assumes in these places is exclusively of
Irish origin. It is malignant revenge for imaginary
wrong, ending in outrage and blood. We have before
us an extract from a Newfoundland paper of the 21st
May, which is as follows :

" ST. JOHN'S (THURRSDAY) MAY 21, 1835.—We received
yesterday the following particulars of one of the most horrible
outrages, committed in the open day, on the road between Car-
bonear and Harbor Grace, that could possibly disgrace a
civilized community :—Between three and four o'clock, on the
evening of Tuesday, Mr. Henry Winton, editor of the Public
Ledger, of this town, accompanied by Captain Churchward, of
the brig Hazard, lying at Carbonear, was proceeding on horse-
back from the latter place to Harbor Grace, when they were
waylaid on Saddle Hill by five men, with painted faces, who, in
the first instance, struck Mr. Winton off his horse with a large
stone, and while he lay on the ground, insensible, cut off both
his ears, part of one of his cheeks, and inflicted other severe
wounds on his person, in a most brutal manner. While this
piece of butchery was going on, Captain Churchward was
hurried into the adjoining woods by two of the band, who or-
dered him, on his own peril, not to offer resistance or to make
the slightest noise. Having completed their diabolical pur-
pose, the gang retreated to the woods, and Mr. Winton was
conveyed to Harbor Grace, where his wounds were dressed by
Dr. Stirling, who, we understand, expresses rather a favourable
opinion of the state of his unfortunate patient. There are
hopes that one of the ears, which was not altogether separated
from the head, may yet be restored. Immediately on the re-
ceipt of the above melancholy intelligence, which created a
most powerful sensation throughout the town, his excellency
the governor issued a proclamation, offering a reward of £2OO
for the discovery of the perpetrators of so abominable an out-
rage ; and it is reported, that a detachment from the garrison
will be immediately despatched to Harbor Grace, to aid and
assist the magistrates there in the search and 'inqutry in wirinh
they are now actively engaged."

The above victim of popery is, we are assured, an
highly esteemed gentleman, and the alleged offence was,
that he had occasionally expressed his opinions candidly
and freely upon the pernicious effects of the present
monkish and convent system which for some time has
been extending itself in that island. The popish mis-
sionaries are almost all Irish— where the nuns come from
we are unable to tell. It is• stated in ,private letters
which we have seen, that the reward offered by the
government is £5OO, and that an additional £5OO had
been offered by the merchants. The Public Ledger is a
conservative paper. That of itself would have rendered
Mr. WINTON obnoxious to the monks.

LONDON LATEST NEWS.

City, Wednesday Evening, Half-past Seven o'clock

There has been a decided tendency upward in our money
:narket, and this morning consols touched upon 92k, but closed
at 91g. Exchequer bills are 27 to 29 prem., and India bonds
are 9 to 11 prem.
In the foreign market there is a marked improvement, and at
the early part of this morning every description of foreign stock
advanced :—Columbian touching upon 39, Mexican upon 39,
Portuguese upon 90, the 3 per cents 64, Spanish bonds 442, and
the scrip 11 discount. Prior to the close of business, however,
there was a general digression—Columbian left off at 372,
Mexican at 38, Portuguese bonds at 882, Spanish at 412, 44c1
the scrip 14; discount. This depreciation has been caused-by
the reported receipt of intelligence from Spain of the defeat of
the Queen's forces, with a loss of 4000 men, artillery, &c., &c.,
before Forlosa, and the subsequent capture of this latter place.
Unless, therefore, Lieutenant-Colonel Evans hasten with his
levies there will be nothing left him to loose.
A version of the new victory attributed to Don Carlos, now
current, is, that Zumalacaraguy, by a sudden march, came
upon Valdez, near Torlosa, and that on his approach three
thousand of the Christinos, with their officers, laid down their
arms, that one thousand joined the Carlist ranks, and that at
the first charge the remaining troops tied, leaving all their ar-
tillery, ammunition, and bagging. Much credit is attached
here to this intelligence.

REVOLT .AT THE CAPE DE VERDS ISLANDS

(From our own correspondent.)
London, June 17th

- We- vo further. aCCO.Ulats of_the recent revolt at the Cape de
Vends, by which it would appear that the govirtia Was ptireed-
'in a situation of no little- jeopardy upon the recapture of the
town by the inhabitants. During the occupation of the place
by the revolters, himself and family had been completely pri-
soners, the house being surrounded by 'soldiers, and loaded can-
non placed before it, so as to command the building and the
public square. Under peril of his life he had been compelled
to proclaim Don Miguel. On the recapture of the place by the
people on the 30th of May, they were so enraged at the loss of
prorrty, and the outrage the place had sustained, that. they
had seized -Jpon the unfortunate governor. Senhor Martines
had thrown him into confinement, and even threatened his life
upon the plea that he ought to have escaped from the town, and
not have encouraged the revolters by his presence, although

there seems to have been no doubt of his utter inability to send
him to Lisbon for trial. The new custom-house laws had ar-
rived at the Cape de Verds from Lisbon, and were of so rigour-
ous a nature as to give little encouragement to trade with these
islands.

Some little additional intelligence had been heard,pc-the re-
volters. It appears that after leaving the scene of their atrocity
they arrived off St. Philip, but, being received by the governor
with a discharge of cannon, they returned to the Isle of Brava,
where, after having pillaged the inhabitants, they atandoned
their Sardinian vessel and seized on another Portuguese vessel,
in which they sailed with a sum amounting to 500,000 francs
As they were armed, acid the schooner mounted three guns, it
was feared they would commit many acts of piracy. Prior to
the departure of the regiment from Lisbon, for the Cape de
Verde, it had displayed many symptoms of insubordination.

LORD STANLEY AND THE CONSER VATIYES.—A meeting of
the North Lancashire Conservatives was held at P reston,•on
Monday. Very great surprise was expressed at the contents
of Lord Stanley's letter to Sir Thomas Hesketh, which has
created a very strong sensation among the constituency of this
division of the county, and more particularly in the neighbour-
hood of Preston, the strong hold of his lordship's supporters,
where he is most popular. The necessity for looking out.for
more uncompromising candidate, in case Lord Stanley should
continue his opposition to conservative associations, has al-

ready been the subject of touch conversation.--(Fran a Corres-
pondent. )
Mr. W. J. Hammond has accepted an engagement at the
Queen's Theatre, Manchester, where he will play for a fort-
night.
STREET PREACHING.— "The Rev. G. C. Smith," better
known in the metropolis as the " Rev. Boatswain", who has
gained some celebrity by preaching in the open air to sailors
and boatmen, was brought before Mr. Alderman Stanitorth, at
the Dock-office, charged by Mr. Dowling, the superintendent,
with obstructing the public road, by holding forth near the
I'tiuce's Dock. He was discharged with the understanding
that if found repeating the offence he would be held to bail.

SCHOOL EX A MINATION.—After the examination of the pupils
of Messrs. Sorley, 77, Great George-street, yesterday meek,
prizes were awarded to the following young gentlemen for Their
proficiency i❑ the various departments of science and literature
taught at the academy, viz., Master William 'l'. Denman, Cal-
cutta, for five classes; Robert Schutz, Demerara, and James B.
Black, Belfast, for two classes; John Anderson, Robert W.
liarvie, James Rippard, Fraser Sinclair, William S. Kent,
William Franklin, William Lenox, George Guore, J. Calvin
Kent, Joseph Deane, Richard E. Griffiths, and R. Headland,
Li% erpool, and William B. Sorley, Glasgow, for one class.
LON !lON PICK POC KETS.—Two of this fraternity were brought
to the Hatton-garden police office on Saturday. for an attempt to
pick the pockets of two of the judges, Mr. Baron Parke and
Mr. Justice Littledale. These learned personages were walk-
ing the streets arm-in-arm together, and an officer saw the
offence committed. The prisoners were sent to the House of
Correction for three months.

Sir John Kingston James, Bart., and a large party from
Dublin, arrived here yesterday by his majesty's packet 'Thetis,
.Captain Townley, in the unprecedented short passage of ten
hours.

Amongst the latest departures—if not fashionable at least
sudden•;—for the continent, we hear the name of our old friend
Mr. Zachary Macaulay. Ile is gone to France for reasons
which we suppose will soon be known. We regret to hear, that,
in addition to the scant remittances from that Montpelier of
Africa, Sierra Leone, there exists a slight suspicion that the
East India Company, in the warmth of their indignation at the
treatment they have received from ministers, may be induced
to remove 'Mr. Macaulay, jun., from Calcutta, simultaneously
with Sir R. Grant, G.C.I-1., from Bombay. This accumulation
of ill proves the truth of the Irishman's proverb, that "single
misfortunes never come alone."—John Bull.

CHARCOAL, DIAMOND, AND LOAF SUGAR.—The charcoal of
commerce contains salts and other impurities; the purest is that
sold_under the denomination of lamp-black.—Chem►cally consi-
dered the diamond is pure carbon. The identity of these sub-
stances, so apparently dissimilar, is proved by a variety of ex-
periments. By combustion in oxygen gas, it forms the same
gas (carbonic acid) as carbon. The oxygen may be separated
from this by igniting potassium in it, and the carbon is liberated.
Whether the diamond or common charcoal have been eniplo)ed
in the formation of carbonic acid, the residual carbon, after the
decomposition of the gas by potassium, is black and opaque.
Mr. Hemming (in a late lecture) said that the incredulity of
those who consider it impossible that the diamond was only a
purer kind of charcoal, might, perhaps, be shaken, if he could
prove by-experiment that a substance almost asdissimilar in ap-
pearance to charcoal, namely, loaf sugar, was really little besides
charcoal. A piece of fine white loaf sugar was then dissolved in
water, and on adding sulphuric acid to it, the whole mass became
instantaneously an opaque black solid substance, which was
charcoal.
