POLICE IN TELLIGENCE.

CASE OF RUNNING FOUL ON TILE ItIVElt.-011 Tuesday,
James Dennis, commander of the Woodside steamer, King-
fisher, appeared before Mr. Hall, having been summoned
under an information from - Lloyd, commander• of the
Monk's Ferry steamer Dolphin. The information laid under
the statute charged the defendant with having, on the 10th
instant, "wilfully, negligently, and carelessly" run the King-
fisher against the Dolphin, and damaged her; and, further,
that he had refusid to pay the amount of the injury. -
Mr. Askew, the harbour master, sat on the bench with Mr.
Hall, giving the latter the benefit of his nautical experience,
according to the usual custom in cases of this nature. Mr.
Davenport appeared in support of the information, and Mr.
Mallaby attended for the defendants.

The master of the Dolphin, Captain Lloyd, stated, that on
Tuesday, the 10th instant, about four o'clock P.M., he was
bringing his vessel from Monk's Ferry to Liverpool. Whe❑
he was about three-fourths of the way across the river he saw
the Kingfisher, Woodside packet, coining towards MM. He
immediately called out to them to alter their course, at the
same time stopping and reversing the Wheels of his own
engine. The Dolphin was going N.E., and the Kingfisher
S.W., whence, instead of turning to S., she altered her
course to W.N.W., and ran into them. They (the Dolphin)
were struck in the fore-gangway, on the starboard side, by
the Kingfisher. _

Mr. Mallaby said, if it should really come to a question of
damage, he had no objection to leave it to the estimate of Mr.
Askew. He had no observation to make further than that
his witnesses would swear just the reverse of what the wit-
nesses from the Dolphin had sworn. Mr. Mallaby called.
James M'Larren, an engineer, belonging to the steam-ship
Liverpool. Witnsss stated that at the time mentioned by the
witnesses, the Kingfisher was conveying him and others on
board the Liverpool; which was lying a little to the north-
ward of Woodside. They (the Kingfisher) had been running
up in slack water, and had just turned across towards the
Liverpool, when he saw the Dolphin coming bows on to them.
The captain of the Kingfisher called out to them to put their
helm a-starboard, and to reverse. He observed that the Dot,
phin, instead of reversing, made one turn a-head and then
stopped. The engineer of the Kingfisher stopped his engine
and then reversed. The Dolphin first steered to port and
then to starboard. The Kingfisher's helm was pot hard
a-starboard. The head of the Kingfisher was west and by
south.

Several other witnesses were examined on both sides.'

Mr. Hall, in deciding, said, the testimony of the parties
on board the Dolphin agreed in every material point. It .was
perfectly well known that, when two vessels met, it was pro-
per for each to starboard the helm, and that if either of them
put it port they did wrong. When he looked at the evidence
of those on board the Kingfisher, there was no agreement in
it. One said she was steering W. and by N.; another, that
she was steering W.N.W.; and a third, that she was steer-
ing W.S.W. One stated that she had no steerage way, and
did not answer her helm; another stated, that she turned her
head to the S.: and the first witness spoke to that which
was impossible, that when the helm was put starboard she
turned her bows to the W. The last witness had stated that,
if the Dolphin had put her helm to port, she would have gone
clear; while the other witnesses said if she had put h'er helm
to starboard she would have gone clear. Under these circum-
stances' they were of opinion that the damage must be paid.
Mr. Davenport was agreeable that the amount of the
damage should be referred to Mr. Askew; and Mr. Hall
ordered it
.to be paid, according to the. amount which he
should estimate.

ASSAULT AT SEA.—Allan Campbell, master of the brig
Water Lily, appeared ou Wednesday before Messrs. Hall
and Maxwell, having been summoned.by James Itenten, a
seaman on board the above vessel. The complainant stated
that on Sunday, the 16th Sept., the Water Lily left St. John's,
Newfoundland, on her homeward voyage for Liverpool. To-
wards evening he sent a man aloft to perform some duty at
the sails. When the individual descended to the deck, an
altercation ensued between him and the captain, which ended
in the captain striking him. Complainant was looking on,
when the captain, with an oath, asked him if he intended to
take the man's part. Without further provocation the cap-
tain immediately struck him (complainant.)- At ten o'clock
the same night the captain was again quarrelling with one of
his men, when complainant, who had just gone on deck, ex-
claimed, "What's the matter?" The captain'again accused.
him of taking part with the man whom he was contending
with. The complainant denied this, upon which the captain
took up a billet of fire wood and, swearing at hint (complain-
ant) struck him several violent blows. He next seized a
handspike, and running after the complainant, knocked him
down the fore-scuttle. He pursued him below, and 'r.eneat-
edly stnick him with the handspike. Several seamen•corrii-
borated the above statement. Captain Campbell said be
shipped the complainant on the day when they left Newlnuail-,
laud. The moment the man entered the ship he began:to
quarrel with one of his messmates. He was ordered' to be
quiet, but he persisted in using abusing language and threats.
The captain told him that he saw what sort of troublesome
person he was,- and he repeated his order that the quarrelling
should cease. At twelve o'clock at night they were setting
the lower studding—ails. He (the captain) ordered one of
the men to go aloft and perform some particular duty, which
wasdone so awkwardly that he remonstrated.. When Ihe man
came down he began to abuse the captain, tolling him he
knew how to do his duty as well as anybody. The ceintdain-,
ant interfered, as he (the captain) had expected, and joined
the other man in abusing him. Not content with this, he
seized him (the captain) by the throat, and twisting his,hand-
kerchief tightly about his neck, said, •‘ there you
there's a squeeze for you." He (the captain) upon this took
up a small piece of fire-wood and struck the complainant a
few blows. He denied having used a handspike al all, and
said he flad commanded a vessel ten years and had
.never had
a complaint made against him by a man, nor had his trig been
otherwise than peaceable and orderly till the complainant en-
tered her. The mate and steward of the Water Lily were
called on behalf of the captain, but they were unable to. prove
any thing material, as they had not seen the whole of the
transaction. Mr. Hall said he was persuaded there Was no
necessity for so much violence on the pact of masters: of ves-
sels. It seemed that when such persons got put slightly out
of temper, they conceived they were to seize upon the-first
impleinent that came to hand and inflict blows with it. It
was unfortunate that when men had power they so frequently
abused it. The defendant was fined £l. Ws. and costs. .

RUSSIAN WooL. —The Russian government has made con-
siderable advances to native purchasers, so that 40 vessel:,
English and French, from Leghorn, wet e necessitated to re-
turn empty. Russia hopes to glut Chinese and Persian mar-
kets with her own cloth.—Leeds Mercury.
A covenant has been entered into between her Majesty's
Ministers and the O'Connell faction, that her Majesty shall
pay a visit to. Dublin. If it should-fail,--tne-disappoii,tine.t
may cause another and a wider breach between the pat ties,
and perhaps woefully demonstrate on how weak a reed the
Whig Ministry depend for power.
A centipede of nine inches in length was found on Monday
last in a log of teak, while being split by one of the ship-
wrights of Woolwich Dock-yard, and is now in the possession
of Lieutenant Pearce, R.N., one of the principal officers of
that establishment. It was in a very lively state at the period
of its emancipation.
BAMBUI/Gli.—The bodies of the sufferers on board the
unfortunate Forfarshire are now beginning to be Nast on shore.
This week no fewer than four have been found. ' Ou Sunday,
the body of William Douthy or Doiethy, a fireman, was
found Gating within three hundred yatds of the placaof the
wreck. The others are—one at Cresswell; one at Newton,
and another at Beaduell. On the person of one was found a
gold watch and chain, his linen is marked "I'. L. G.," and
it is supposed to be the body of a Mr. Grant.
Os/yarns:tr.—We regret to see this town infested: with a
regular succession of lectures on the pernicious doctrines of
Robert Owen and his disciples, who, by means of ridiculing
the Scriptures, and the professors of religion generally,
dealing out plausible theories of Socialism, exhibiting Oen-
tasmagorial pictures of happiness, holding social tea-parties,
and getting up dances, contrive to inveigle thoughtless
young persons of both sexes into those meshes of infidelity,
which the older and more heartless minions of mischief are
but too glad to assist in weaving. It is still more to he
lamented that these disgraceful and demoralising lectures are
allowed to outrage public decency and religious piety during
the morning uud evening c, every Sabbath-day.-Bhdfield
Mercury.

PRINTING FOR THE BstNs.—A sight of the most inter-
esting description that can well he imagined was yesterday
exhibited in the High Church. All the young inmates, male
and female, of the 131 ind Asylum, appeared together at the
service—for the first time in this part of the country—with
their own newly printed raised letter Psalm Books. When
the psalm was given out, they seemed generally to find the
place with as much facility as their next •neighbours
were blessed with vision; and it was -gratifying. to observe
that they could follow the line with perfect.precisien. The
feelings of their benevolent friend, Mr. Alston, Who was pre-
sent, might well have been envied. His constant and de-
voted labours on behalf of this must interesting portion or
his fellow creatures were here crowued with complete sec'
cess.—Scottislt Guardian. •
POPERY IN ENGLAND.—The first stone of a new popish
church was laid with great form and ceremony at Uttoxeter,
on Monday, amidst a vast concourse of people.—Chester
Chrunicle.—On Wednesday last the new popish church at
Ipswich was ronseerated with great pomp by the popish arch-
bishop, Dr. Walsh, and a large number of dignitaries and
priests of that faith. After the ceremony of consecration
was over, a numerous choir, assisted by the band of the 4th
dragoon guards in full regimentals, who were sent by their
Colonel (Colonel Chatterton) for this occasion, performer'
Mozart's Mass in C. The archbishop concluded the service
of the day by an eloquent sermon, in which ire made an tip'
peal in favour of the popish faith to these.protestauts wfd
were present, asking them to examine into its tenets, ail:,
not to condemn it until they had seen the beauty and trot"
-of the doctrines it inculcates. He. declared that more Cow
verts had been made by the unmerited abuse of the reliaied
than by the exertions of its professers.—Suffulk Chrouida•
NORMANBY TR A NQUILLITY.—The provincial papers be
ceived since our I.tst, furnish a long array of crimes of t „
deepest and darkest die. Three murders ! —the sufferer,:
being, Ist, the son of a Dr. O'Reilly, of Athy, Queer;:,
County; 2d, a boy, trained Handlan, be/tinging to 13','„:1
cumber, in the saute-county; 11
e-county; and 3d, a young woman, 0"'
Cahill, of Cashel, in "sweet Tipperary." In the latter e".
the deed of blood was preceded by the -crime of violatietif
The remainder of the catalogue consists of outrages, soine_.°4
them of the very worst description; conspiracies to re'ill‘j.
the payment of rent, to prevent dealing with Protestants, a
, siise
otherwise to resist the law and trample under foot everN
guard to life and property. We turn away front th(i.detair,
in these papers with pain and utter loathing.—Newry put t
COMMENCEMENT OF TH E SOUTHAMPTON COALMERC",,i
DocKs.—On Friday last the first stone of this extensiveai,re
important undertaking
of above 15,000 persons—a sufficient proof, no doubt, of was laid. in presence of an assernblaip
great interest which the people of Ham shire take in .s
work. The provincial
„sranil lodge, and the other la' otit,
and visiters of the Freeinam,ns, assembled, together with
mayor, Joseph ',ebb, Esq., the aldermen, and town.cou
)1.
cil, Inc chairman, directors, officers, and proprietors_:l,
the dock company, and a large number of the resPeing
able inhabitants of the town and vicinity ; sod havAll
o
formed in procession, with banners, eze., proceeded „tol
Saints Church, where, after the service, an impressive
appropriate sermon was preached by the Rev. W. 11.13r°0( yo
field, M.A. The procession then advanced to the cl ,uwilis
to the platform, which was very tastefully decorator wigo
flags and banners; the foundation.stime, which was.' to
block of granite, being suspended.over the spot
receive it. The chairman of the dock company Oil-.
vanced, and requested the provincial grand master, A(150',,.',0.
Sir Lucius Curtis, to lay the stone, and, presenting thr the
lant officer at the same time with a silver trowel, Tran,,,
arms of the company engraved thereon. • There wa:
brass tablet epared, with a suitable inscription etar_Wes
upon it, in cemmemoration of this event, with the ir.'",,,0
rl
the mayor, directors, engineers, &c. The provincial lent
chaplain (Rev. W. H. Brookfield) then made au c• 1),,„0
•prayer, invoking the blessing of ALNii,;tITY goodner
destlal,
their work. The provincial grand treasurer the"
sited a bottle, with the various coins of the lac"' goo'
present reign. The cement
lowered to its place ; the pi( ,
jested it with the level, plumb-rule, and square. °.
7intchiealn .a.ed;
then gave three knocks with the mallet, and prayed
GREAT th at
ARCHITECT of the universe would enabl diet:
te their work.. The provincial grand
crimplemasteroti
scattered corn and poured oil and wine upon the sto Inis
.
" May the bountiful haciourin,ofwiiii:sayniTore.s:er J(ithei
with a" ea
'artis
of life." Sir Lucius 0
_Foionar,
cnieitrestsravrsiveisthaanbduncril
jawurto!ertssif
reascended the platform, and announced to the. G.,_e
that the stone had been duly laid, and he trusted 1" At the
would be carried on to a happy termination, &e :ere
close of this address three loud and hearty cheers woollbl._e
ec
by the brethren, and se-echoed by the tbunsann ,sirbr°
to witness this auimating scene, which was favoured
light of a splendid sunshine.

FRIDAY MORNING, OCT. 19, 1838.

t:l5- The l'ublicatiun of the STANDARD commenced this
morning at 6 o'clock.

IMPORTANT INTELLIGENCE FROM CANADA.—RE-
SIGNATION OF LORD DURHAM.—The Great Western,
which arrived at Bristii4 on Wednesday, brings intelli-
gence from New York to the 4th instant. This splen-
did vessel accomplished the distance from New York
in 12 days and 'lOl hours. She brought 126 passen-
gers ! Her outward passage was accomplished in 16
clays. The most important intelligence conveyed by
this arrival is the positive announcement of Lord Dur-
ham's resignation, the following particulars respecting
which we take from a leading article in the Times of
yesterday :

" Since the above was written we have learned that
Lord Durham has actually resigned. This the Cana-
dian papers brought by the Great Western put beyond
doubt. They are filled with accounts of the debates in
the House of Lords on Lord Brougham's bill, and
with reports of meetings, or rumours of meetings, got
up for the purpose of persuading Lord Durham to stay
where he is. His Lordship, however, considers that
he has been very ill-used by the Ministers and the
Parliament—by the former, because they did not more
strenuously oppose, and by the latter, because they
were so cruel as to pass, the bill which Lord Brougham
introiuced for the purpose of correcting the blunders
of the Governor. It is even probable that Lord Dur-
ham is now on his way home. He is represented as
being in a towering passion—storming at one time
and weeping at another, for the edification or the
amusement of the deputations that have had the ho.
nour of an interview with him on the subject of his
resignation. If the following passage from the Mon-
treal Courier of the 28th ult. be true, our ministers
here must have been prepared for Lord Durham's re-
signation

"'The British America arrived last night at 7 o'clock
She left Quebec at 8 o'clock on Wednesday night, and
brought us the Gazette, Morni-ay Herald, and our con espond-
ent's letter.

"'Captain Armstrong learned at Sorrel that the despatches
from Lord Glenelg, received by the last packet from Eng-
land, were addressed to Lord Durham; or the person adminis-
tering the Government. Captain Armstrong also learned that
Sir John Colborne will be appointed Governor-in-Chief. on
the departure of the Earl of Durham."'

" We select from among many speeches which Lord
Durham has made to deputations from various bodies,
and in all of which he declared his determination to
resign, the following answer to an address of the
deputations of Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, and
Prince Edward's Island :'—
"`lt is impossible for me to express to you in language
eutliciently strong the feelings of gratitude and pleasure with
which I have received this address.

"' Representing as you do so worthily the three provinces
of Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, and Prince Edward's
Island, this proof of your confidence in me, and approbation
of the principles On which my administration has been con-
ducted, is most gratifying to me.
"' I assumed the government of the North American pro-
vinces with the predetermination to provide for the future
welfare and prosperity of them all, 'never doubting that such
a provision would be the best, nay, the only security for their
permanent connexion with the British crown. In communi-
cations which have taken place between us, and from which
I have derived equal pleasure and information, you have
been fully apprised of my views and intentions. These you
have appreciated and recognized in a manner for which I
can never be sufficiently grateful. 1 have, indeed, had a
difficult and laborious duty ig perform. The result of my-
endeavours, however, is one awhich I need not be ashamed.
In the shortspace of little more than three months 1 have sAn
tranquillity restored, and confidence reviving. I have caused
snbstantial justice to be administered, tempered by mercy,
I have carefully examined, with a view to reformation, all the
institutions of the province more immediately committed to
my charge; and I was on the point of promulgating such laws
as would have afforded protection to all those great British
interests which had been too long neglected. I had also, as you
well know, devoted the most careful attention to all suljects
which could affect the general interests of all the colonies, and
had -Lit-ought nearly to maturity the plan which I intended to
submit in the first instance to `.he consideration of the provinces
and eventually of the Cabinet and the Imperial Parliament.
In this, I trust, useful course, I have been suddenly arrested
by the interference of the British Legislature; in which the
responsible advisers of the Crown have deemed it their duty
to acquiesce. Under those circumstances, I have but one
step to take—to resign that authority the exercise of which
has thus been so weakened as to render it totally inadequate
to thesrave emergency which alone called for its existence.
`" Be assured, however, of this, gentlemen, that this un-
expected and abrupt termination of the official connexion
which united me with the North American provinces will
Ihit weaken in my mind the feelings of deep interest which I
shall ever take in their fate, or render me less anxious to
devote every faculty of my mind, every influence I may pos-
-sess. to the advancement of their interests, and to the esta-
blishment, on the most lasting foundation, of their welfare
amid prosperity."'

THE CAPE OF GOOD HOPE.—We have received a
file of the Graham Town's Jorrnal to the 3d of
August. These papers are almost entirely occupied
with accounts of the depredations committed by the
Caffres. Robberies of stock, cattle, &c., were of
daily occurance; and the losses tints sustained were,
in many cases, very considerable. Treaties had been
entered into with their chiefs on the frontier, named
Pato, K4MR, and Kobe, which, it was hoped, might
tend to diminish the extent of these depredations.
According to letters from the vicinity of Port Natal,
tt was reported that Dingaan, the Zuola chief, by
whom the farmers and settlers had been so repeatedly
molested and defeated, had himself been attacked in
his rear by Zaposa, the chief of another tribe, and,
being at the same time assaulted in front by the Boers,
or farmers, was utterly routed, and a large number
or his Zoolas slain. In consequence of this success
It was expected that the war would conic to a speedy
termination. The chief Macoma had requested to he
allowed to occupy a farm within the boundary, alleging
that he could not control his tribe. Notwithstanding
these circumstances, many of the settlers were leaving
their places of occupation within the government
lines to take up land on the ()inside of the borders,
and in. consequence the question of the policy of ex-
tending the jurisdiction of the governor of the Cape
had been mooted. In all other respects the colony
wore every appearence of tranquillity ; as one evidence
tt appears that shares in the insurance companies had
not only doubled, but nearly quadrupled in price, and
that those of the new bank were advancing nearly in
the sante ratio. At a meeting of the proprietors of
the Cape of Good Hope Bank, on the 24th of May,
the unappropriated shares were offered by general
Competition to the shareholders who had signed the
trust deed of 1837, when the whole of the said shares
were sold at from £9l to £lOl per share, the nominal
'slue of each share being 1.7?0, on which the sum of
£33 6s 8d had been paid.

THE WEST INDIES.—We have received files of the
Jamaica Gazette, Dispatch, and Royal Gazette, to the
10;11 of last month, inclusive. We are sorry to say
that the news continues to be unfavourable. It ap•
Pears that the negroes generally continue to be averse
10 held labour, and that they entertain the most extra-
va.ant notions with respect to the fancied interference
"f this English people and government on their be-
The papers abound With complaints against Sir
Lionel Smith, who appears to be very unpopular.
The great evil which at present exists in Jamaica,
and, indeed, throughout the West Indian colonies, is,
the want of a general scale of labour, agreed to by the
Governor and magistracy. To give diff?rent advan•
cages to labourers on various properties gives rise to
feelings of jealousy and discontentment.
To afford our readers some knowledge of the actual
condition of Jamaica we subjoin a few extracts from
„
'''e correspondence of the several journals before

From the parish of Westmoreland a correspondent
~rites thus to the Gazette of the Ist of September
I brought all my money (surplusage) from America
last Year, and invested it in- the purchase of the re-
:!latning term of apprenticeship of a jobbing gang; of
''ll-se it is now all scattered unto the winds. Out of
8a labourers domiciled upon my property, I have not
t,n •o
at work. They all say houses and grounds are for
i!len'm for three months, after the expiration of which
f'e.thev will work, but not before, and if " they the
,irst Int work, them t'other say them spoil the free." It
me that no legal opinion has been given or
Nianded, and that the press has not once adverted to
the_ Mode to he adopted in obtaining rent, to which we
"Just be entitled from the Ist of August.- Are the
People to be allowed to sit down in indolence and defy
r.t,' when it is palpably plain by being summoned for
,nt before two magistrates they would be saddled with

judgment and costs ? Half a dozen examples thus
made would do more good in bringing the people to
their senses than all the wheedling and coaxing in the
world. Surely the law, making three months' notice
necessary, could not have contemplated the boon or
gift of our houses and land for that space of time. If
it did, the principle is established, and the vested rights
of property are no where. Surely the same power
that can take away three months can deprive alto-
gether.
"In this parish every man seems to vie with his
neighbour in boasting of the numbers at work, and all
sorts of untruths are bruited abroad respecting the
modus operandi—each, of course, trying to outvie his
neighbour, not in good management, but in good
boasting. lam sure out of 16,000 labourers there are
not 300 at work in field labour throughout this parish.
Plans vary; at some estates Friday is given, and
about sd. worth of labour obtained. At other places
Is. Bd. per day is given, and little more work exacted.
That sugar can be profitably made under either of
these plans is out of the question. Day labour will
not answer; pay the highest wages for good work,
and encourage the labourers to do three times what
they used to do, and exact full rent for houses, grounds,
pasturage, &c. The peasantry would then know what
they were about, and the planter would only pay for
work performed; each party would be satisfied, and it
would be the interest of the labourer to identify him-
self with the work of the property, never to leave it.
However, the big wigs will it otherwise; and so long
as the wiseacres at home deem the non-possession of
two ideas to be one of the essentials necessary to qua-
lify a man for the management of property and unli-
mited sway in the adjustment of matters of vital im-
portance to this colony, so long must Jamaica go head-
long to destruction. Scarce a big wig in this coun-
try now attempts to arrange the commonest domestic
affairs of an estate without a consultation with the sec-
tarian parson, and to talk of wages without reference
to the priesthood of the question. Tempora Mutan-
tur, Oc."
A letter from the parish of St. Elizabeth has the fol-
lowing language :—" As the Governor is decidedly
deaf to all complaints or reports made to him by a
proprietor, be he ever so respectable; and perfectly
blind to the infamous breaches of the peace now being
committed by "armed bodies of negroes"—deceived,
headed, and goaded on by that vile incendiary Knibb;
so is he miserably lame in the few communications he
has condescended to make on subjects of vital import-
ance to the country, in our present distracted state.
The madman Courtney (alias Thom) was proceeded
against ere he had committed the fiftieth part of the.
atrocities already perpetrated by this Baptist villain,
whose public acknowledgments are alone sufficient to
prove that he is handsomely paid for his efforts to raise
a second rebellion. I say second, because none will
deny that Birchall and himself originated the last. It
seems the ‘• Star Chamber is revived ;" and magis-
trates are now.absolutely afraid or disinclined, in many
cases, to do their duty, lest a quiet supersedeas should
be their reward. Why is Knibb amenable only to a
special commission, more than any other individual ?
His crime is against the state, as well as against ca-
nonical laws. He excites her Majesty's liege subjects
to rebellion; and appears abroad with thousands of
them armed, ready to commit any overt and desperate
act;—whereas the maniac Courtney did not muster
one hundred. He encourages their diabolical threats,
to make Jamaica a second St. Domingo ; and yet he
remains at large, and unmolested. It will not end
here !! ! If not immediately checked, a few weeks will
bring the worst.
"You have taken great pains to act up to your
motto, in publishing various reports of the state of the
labouring classes in different parishes—and have there-
by gained much credit; but let your readers bear in
mind, that some of these reports have been furnished
by canters, placemen, and aspirants to government
favor. Now, boldly and fearlessly to speak the truth,
there is not in this extensive parish one single pro •
perty, where the people who ought to work a limited
time in payment for houses, grounds, 4-e., have turned
out ! ! !

"I assert this without fear of contradiction, having
instituted the strictest investigation, and know what
I state to be a fact. • You may hear a person say—
,' Oh ! yes, my people are at work !" Press him
closely, and you'll find that where he formerly had 25
in the field, he now has 7 or 8. The wife will not
work, and the husband pretends he does not live on
your property ; but he comes every night clandestinely
and feeds from it-consequently works out for hire,
and you thus lose two.

"To prove these remarks, a few cases on one pro-
perty will suffice. I have in charge, a small plantation,
on which were 16 apprentices previously to the Ist of
August. Mark the deficiency !
"No. I. A man, has a wife on next property ; be
works abroad, but maintains a right to his property
here.

"No. 2. A ditto, gone off altogether; nothing
wrong in this, as I never see him.

" Na. 3. A ditto, will not work, will not quit;
smokes and struts about all day.
"No. 4. A man, 'says he has hired himself else-
where ; but still 'mains here, doing no work, and
refuses to give up his house, &c., till Ist November.
"No. 5. A lad, supposed to be gone away, but is
occasionally seen here ; no doubt for provisions.
"No. 6. A woman, worked at odd jobs up to 31st
July ; refuses to do anything at all, and states, that
as her Saviorcr has taken her out of bondage, she will
live here as long as she likes. She walks almost every
Sunday from five to six miles to chapel, and returns
in the afternoon. _

" No. 7. A man did nothing for the last four or five
months, as he kept Ids sores open ; everything is now
healed, and he is as fat as a pig—but refuses to work,
and holds his ground, &c.
"No. 8. A woman, with a sore leg, used to shell
corn, weed, &e., &c., up to the 31st July ; but will not
now think of doing anything for me.

"Independent of all this (from which I cannot re-
lieve myself,) three women have their husbands here,
who live on the property, work the land, and hire them
selves elsewhere. They sleep here every night, .and
sometimes bring their horses ;—also, one man has his
wife and children here, and he only turns out two days
in each week. This gentleman keeps a filly, and some-
times goes to work with a fowling piece on his shoulder;
during the latter days of the week he carries it to his
ground. I now muster only seven, including a washer-
woman, field cook, and an old fellow, who repairs walls.
The other (to make up 10) is denominated a 'w atchman;
and has nothing to watch but his own grounds, as I
plant nothing now for them to steal. lam waiting to.
see if any redress will be afforded by circulars and or-
ders, or in any other shape to improve this system. If
not, 1 shall certainly try some of those cases, in spite
of the special spies around us ;—for, be it known to
my countrymen, that those retained, now hold that en-
viable office, if we may judge, by a remark which fell
from one of them not long since, and which was as fol-
lows, viz.—' I should be sorry, , Mr. , to have
such a casco report to the Govenor ." Let every per-
son draw his own conclusion." •

From the parish of Ann's we hear—" Nothing is
doing here ; the people refuse to work at ss. per week,
with houses, grounds, and gardens, and other indulgen-
cies. I have been obliged to hire people, (strangers
to the property; to pick one crop of pimento, at ss. per
bushel.) Will you credit it, that yesterday, some vil-
lains, circulated a report amongst the pickers, that the
Governor had ordered the police to scour the pimento
walks in this -parish, and to flog every one they found
at work picking pimento at ss. per bushel—the evil is
considerable. His Excellency has much to answer for
unless he steps forward and vindicates the character he'
bears, and puts the labourers in the right way of doing
what is just and right, otherwise he shall carry his grey
hairs to the grave with sorrow and dishonour."
A correspondent in Trelawny says—" This parish
has been, and is in a miserable state occasioned by the
agitation of the Baptists, and one of the Stipendiary
Magistrates of the name of Lyon, who have been ad-
vising the labourers to demand more wages than the
proprietors can afford. It is a pity that the proprietors
in England do not exert themselves and demand the
dismissal of the Stipendiary Magistrates, or most of
them."

A letter from St. Andrews, dated August 30, says—
"We can't get the people out in this quarter. Mount
Dakins offered a mac a bushel to pick coffee, as it was
dropping off the trees, but they refused. Hermitage
(Spalding's) offered a mac a day, with house and
ground, but they will not take it. What can the Go-
vernor be thinking of ? Is he being gulled by the abo-
minable lies of the " West Indian" and "Colonial
Freeman?" We see those ruinous papers occasion-
ally. They (the labourers) promise me fairly enough,
but will not fulfil those promises. No property can
afford more than Is. in this quarter, with house and
ground, and many must be entirely thrown up, as they
cannot afford sd. lam certain the proprietors in this
dist' ict are ALL ruined. The Governor, they say, has
told them to wait patiently till he gets an answer from
the Queen, who will fix a-scale of wages for them. I
can't get hands to pick last year's crop in the store,
nor to pick the ripe in the fields; and the grass is
higher than the trees—a pretty prospect for the crops
of the next two or three years."

Again, in the Gazette Of the Bth ult., a correspond-
ent from Manchester writes as follows :—" I have
waited in hopes to inform you that the people in this
part of the parish had at length resumed labour; but
they have not yet dune so for their late masters on any
property I know of.
"My own people will pay no rent in any way for the
three months—saying the Governor told them so at
Porus. I think it would be better were the Governor
to issue a proclamation to undeceive them, and have it
forwarded to every local magistrate in every parish
that are known to be loyal men, and no agitators;
then, and only then, would the people be made ac-
quainted With the truth, without unfair comment.
" As the Governor could not be distinctly heard in
addressing so large a body of negroes, with what fa-
cility they perverted the words, " that several gentle-
men of the parish did not intend to charge any rent for
houses and ground for three months,"•into—t hat none
were to pay rent for that time. I was not aware of
the intended visit, though my constables were, and
two of them went. If all the gentlemen, magistrates,
&c., did agree to give up three months rent, several, I
know, must have changed their intentions in a very
short time. One offered his people a dollar a barrel
to pick coffee; another or two five shillings, and fi7e
shillings and tenpence. This may tend to injure

others. Will it benefit either themselves or the ne-
groes ? No. One had 80 apprentices, and may pro-
bably make five tierces coffee ! One hundred dollars
to be divided among 80 people in a crop! Can that
be an inducement for them to work at home, and pay
40 dollars per week for rent ? Two other properties,
with about 160 people, making perhaps 25 tierces, or'
320 barrels, at ss.—£Bo in four months. Will it pay
their rent ? If these gentlemen have agreed to forego
their rent, I commend them for it ; as Ido not other-
wise see how they can retain their people.
"There are many other properties in this district
similarly situated,—they cannot, therefore, afford to
hire, cultivation only being kept up to the extent of the
labour for rent—say two days work in each week. To
show that high wages, where small crops are made, has
only a temporary effect where labourers are abundant.
Although my own people will not work, more people
apply to me from the neighbouring properties than I
can employ, and actually pick my coffee for 3s. 4d. per
barrel ; although they cannot earn more than Is. 3d.
to Is. Bd. each. This exhibits one trait of the negro
character, viz., their aversion to refund anything in the
shape of rent, as they would rather work for me for
10d. or 15d. per day, than Is. Bd. at home, and pay
rent. My own people are doing the same, when they
can get work, or set down if they cannot."
In St. Elizabeth's, on estates, it is worse. You will
see on one, with 3 or 400 people on it, a small part of
one cane-piece cleaned, apparently done by one family,
since the Ist of August. On another of same magni-
tude, 3 or 4 acres cleaned—on others, of 150 to 200
people, about the same quantity cleaned. It is truly
distressing to see such Princely fortunes going so fast
to destruction. If his Excellency does not exert him-
self to stop it, no means will be left to pay any wages;
and their freedom will be a curse, instead of a blessing,
and ruin to nearly all connected with them. Excuse
this one rem irk, which I hope you will take in good
part. Old people are apt to turn stubborn, when urged
too much; and like the pig, go the way they should
not. Perhaps your frequent severe remarks on Sir
Lionel may defeat your patriotic intentions. The old
gnarled oak cannot be bent like the Sapling."
Respecting the conduct of the the Governor the same
journal has the following remarks :—As some individu-
als have expressed an opinion that some of our remarks
upon his Excellency the Governor have been so severe
and caustic, we think we may now safely refer to his
proceedings at Dunsinane on Thursday as affording
ample proof of the correctness of our conduct. •

411 f his Excellency can advance into the interior of
the country, and, before large bodies of people, insult
respectable proprietors, by declaring that their object
was to reduce the value of property to enable them to
speculate at other men's expense—if he ungenerously
and untruly asserts that white men adopting the garb
of policemen, are hired
.for the like purposes, to mix
amongst the negroes, and set them by the ears,—then
do WE assert the right of exposing and denouncing the
mischievous tendency of the Governor's conduct."

The Jamaica Dispatch, of the 10th ultimo, contains
the following strong remarks, which, are, neverthe-
less, justified by the actual circumstances of the
planters :—" It is quite clear to us, that the proprie-
tors of this colony will never be relieved from the sys-
tem of misrule and agitation by which they are op-
pressed, until they form within themselves a combined
phalanx to protect their own rights, property, and in-
dependence.
"It is in vain to concede—in vain to conciliate.
Their generosity only provokes fresh aggression, and
the hypocrites to whom they have yielded every thing
—the serpents whom they have fostered on the very
hearth stone, wish to beard them on the threshold, and
to fasten their venomous stings in the very heart's
blood of the benefactors who warmed them into anima-
tion and life.

•" Henceforth let the maxim of the colonists be—
"charity begins at home." Let them beware how
they injure themselves to serve an enemy. No more
hospitality ! No more generous contributions for
snakes who sting the hands from which they are re-
ceived. If such wretches had been treated as they are
in Great Britain—left to work for their bread and
maintain themselves—their power of doing mischief
would have been nipped in the bud. But the open
unsuspecting generosity of the West India colonists
has laid them bare to treachery and ingratitude. They
have hitherto been made victims ; and it is now time
they should make an effort to cast off the thraldom.
They have strangled the cant cry of slavery for ever.
Let them now assert the independent rights of free-
born men, to drive out their tyrants and oppressors—
to relieve themselves from hireling spies and domestic
robbers; and all the factious tribe of mercenary syco-
phants who infest the land. If we are to pay function-
aries, let it be a parliamentary defender to re-echo the
cry of " justice" for the oppressed, the loyal, and
free sons of Jamaica!! !"

We cordially echo the demand, and trust that a
conservative administration will shortly have it in their
power to render "Justice to Jamaica."

LIVERPOOL SOCIETY FOR RECLAIMING UNFORTU-
NATE FEMALES.—We rejoice to find that a society un
der this denomination has been recently formed in thi
town, and cordially hope that the promoters of so ex
cellent an institution will meet with success in carry
ing their praiseworthy intentions into effect. No ado
quate efforts have been hitherto made for reclaiming
from their evil courses those unhappy females who
are now found infesting our streets, alluring to de-
struction thousands of our youths. It is true that the
"Female Penitentiary" has afforded refuge to numbers
of these unfortunate creatures, who have been led, by
the compunctions visitings of conscience, to seek an
Asylum within its walls. But something more than
this has been long wanting. This society proposes to
seek out and to induce abandoned females to avail them-
selves of an opportunity for returning into the paths
of virtue. The general plan and objects of the society
will be found amply detailed in the advertisement,
which will be found in another page, and to which we
would earnestly direct the attention of the christian
public. It is to be hoped that ample funds will be
placed at the disposal of the committee, to enable them
to prosecutetheir benevolent labours with success. We
feel assured that christian liberality cannot be directed
to a more praiseworthy object.

MR. ASIITON YATES AND HIS TIPPERARY FRIENDS.
—The popularity-hunting wight who has exchanged
the peaceful retirement of the Dingle for the bogs of
Tipperary, and, for the sake of shining as a senator,
has consented to become a joint of O'Connell's caudal
extremity, is now seeking to emulate his great master
in the epistolary way. Having failed in attracting
any notice in the House of Commons, and feeling
chagi fined at the neglect of his liberal friends in not
rewarding him with official promotion, as a recom-
pense for the large pecuniary sacrifices which he has
made in seeking to promote their interests, he now
has recourse to the expedient of trying to establish
his fame as an accomplished "letter-writer. We are
sorry to inform hint that, from the specimens which
have come under our notice, he enjoys but a very
sorry chance of posthumous fame. His effusions have
one quality-which cannot fail to secure the contempt
of the public—they are pervaded by a reckless disre-
gard of truth. In his wilful exaggerations and his
gross misrepresentations he certainly has succeeded in
rivalling his mendacious patron : hut as he lacks the
talent to clothe his multifarious fictions in the garb of
poetry—as his sophistries are too transparent to.de-
ceive even the most ignorant—we cannot assure him
that his celebrity will ever be equal to that of Junius.
It appears that Mr. Ashton Yates recently addressed
a letter to the Spectator, in defence of his conduct as
an Irish member, upon which the editor of that tho-
roughly " honest and independent" radical journal
made sundry slashing and severe remarks. In answer
to these castigatory observations he has indited ano-
ther prosy epistle to the same paper. We never have
seen so many untruths crowded together in the same
compass before, as we have discovered in this letter.
As we do not wish to be personally offensive we shall
not characterise the numerous misrepresentations of
facts contained in Mr. Ashton Yates' letter by their
proper name. We shall, therefore, classify them un-
der the denomination of "things which are not," of
which the following• are undoubted specimens :-
1. That the peasants of Borrisokane, under the old tory
regime, when gathered together at fair or funeral, were shot
like dogs—with impunity—on the slightest pretext.
2. That they—the peasants—could get no justice in those
days.

3. That in Tipperary farmers are every week turned out
of their holdings, ou'aecount of having voted for the liberal
members.

4. That the conduct of the landlords in that county is
the great cause of the disturbances which exist there.
5. That he himself has seen a poor farmer on his way to
shoot h►s landlord, because he had no redress by law—but
was prevented by his priest.
G. That he has himself seen many of these peasantry
scooping out an abode, like beavers, in the side of a barren
hill, with nothing but the sand to lie on and the sods of heath
to form a covering.
7. That the peasantry were goaded to rebellion in 08, in
order to accomplish the Union.
8. That he, Mr. Ashton Yates, did not become connected
with the county of Carlow by virtue of any negotiation with
Mr. O'Connell.

9. That it is safe for any man (except, of course, a member
or favourer of the predial conspiracy) to sleep in the county
Tipperary with his doors unbarred—safer than in many parts
of England : and

10. That if English gentlemen of fortune, who are em-
ploying their money in wild schemes and adventures at
home, would visit these parts of Ireland, and make them-
selves acquainted with the real state of the country and the
character of the people, they would see the wisdom of pur-
chasing land and coining to settle upon and improve it! !
11. That a purer election never took place than that of the
county of Carlow; and that if the freeholders of the English
counties were as independent, honest, and incorruptible as
they, (emery, who ?) they (the Irish, we presume) would not
now be in the critical state in which they were.
12. That he is in every sense as independent of Mr.
O'Connell as he was in 1832.

This is a tolerable quantity of mistatements for a
&ngle epistle. As we said before, we shall not have
recourse to a harsher phraseology in describing them
than the one which we have adopted. Let our readers
apply the proper term.
As an ilins:ration of the statement upon which Mr.
Aston Yates has ventured in reference to the present
condition of Tipperary we have the following pithy
paragraph in the Dublin Evening Mail of 'Wednes-
day last. Speaking of the Gazette our contemporary
reMarks—'. Our Marquizzical contemporary of Tues-
day proclaims only one new murder, two cases of at-
tacks on dwelling houses by armed patties, accompa-

nied by robbery of firearms and threatening notices,
and one of the malicious destruction of a large quan •
tity of corn by fire. The provincial joutnals received
since our last contain nothing more hideous than an
attempt to burn a family alive in their own dwelling-
house—the burning of a quantity of corn (the produce
of eight acres of land)—the robbery of firearms—and
a simple robbery attended by a simple outrage."
This is certainly a delightful country to " sleep in
with the doors unbolted !" All these atrocities took
place in the single county of Tipperary, and within the
space of a few days. Truly Mr. Ashton Yates has a
peculiarly Irish notion of tranquillity.
Mr. Yates's palaver about the safe employment of
British capital in Ireland is arrant nonsense. On this
subject we need only refer to the barbarous conduct of
the "savages" of Ireland towards the gentlemen who
some time since attempted to establish a fishery in that
country.

CACTION.—We have been requested to caution the public
against a female who has for some time past been making
the circuit of the outskirts of the town, and practising an
imposition upon those who were charitably disposed, by pre-
senting the cards of different ladies, and representing that
she had been desired by such ladies to call and ask assistance
to prosecute her journey to Jersey. She has already been
to Birkenhead, Woodside, and Evertor), where, we under-
stand, she has collected a considerable sum of money, and is,
no doubt, somewhere in the neighbourhood at present.
THE STEAM-SHIP LIVERPOOL.—This splendid vessel will
sail to-morrow, (Saturday,) on her first voyage for New
York, and we understand that nearly all her berths are
engaged. Mr. John Van Buren, son of the President, will
take his passage in her.

LAUNCH OF AN IRON SHlP.—Yesterday, the first iron
ship built in Liverpool, was launched from the building yard
of Messrs. Jackson, Gordon, and Co., the builders,
near the Potteries. As a model this ship is a beautiful thing.
She has somewhat of the American build about her bows,
has great breadth of beam, and a fine run. With the excep-
tion of her decks, she is entirely built of iron. She is 271
tons old measurement, 24ft. 6in. breadth of beam, 13ft. 10in.
depth of hold, and 96ft. keel, and has 99ft. 9io. for tonnage.
All being ready, at eleven o'clock, the dagger was knocked
down, and the beautiful vessel, with all her masts and rigging
up, glided majestically into the river. She was christened
the " Ironsides" by Captain Mitchell, formerly of the ship
Abbotsford, who is to sail her. It is understood, that she is
for the Brazil trade. When in the water, she floated like a
cork, and her masts were as stiff, and steady as possible.
AN Hone TOO LATE.-011 Thursday afternoon, at five
o'clock, the Coeur de Lion arrived in the river from Quebec.
She had been telegraphed in the forenoon. and, as it was
known that she hail on board 895 barrels of- flour, considera-
ble exertion was used, by the consignees, to get her papers
for entry at the Custom-house, in order to avail themselves
of the advantage of the low rate of duty leviable on that day.
They failed, however, in their object, and, we believe, in-
stead of having to pay a duty of 3d. only, they have now to
pay one of 3s.
ARRIVALS AT THE GRAND JUNCTION HOTEL, LIME-
STREET.—Lord Ebriogton, Major Gage, Count Potiina
Hon. H. Maxwell, M.P., J. Batson, Esq., John Welch
Esq., Lieutenant Armstrong, Miss Stuart, Mrs. Codring-
ton, Major O'Ryley, Captain M'Muuu, R.N., Fenton
Smith, Esq., Rev. W. W. Faye, Lieutenant-Col. Cox,
Major H. Beven, J. Torkley, Esq., W. It. Wrenshaw, Esq.,
Captain Tuttle, Colonel Donaugh, Col. Clements and family,
Mr. and Mrs. Bentley and family, Mr. and Mrs. B. Ford,
Ul. Cumberland; Esq., H. Armstrong, Esq , Mr. Pickering
and family, Mr. Lake, W. Lawn, Esq., Mr. and Mrs. Web-
ster and family, Mr. and Mrs. Carrel and family, Mr. and
Mrs. Hume and family, H. Molony, Esq., J. Johnson, Esq..
Mr. and Mrs. Fugh and family, John Fairbiother, Esq.,
Hugh Unthank, Esq., and John Dawson, Esq.

MR. ANDERSON, THE MAGICIAN.—This gentleman is, we
believe, about to leave Liverpool in a few days, the next
being the last week of his appearance. We readily discharge
a duty we own to him as journalists, by recording our high
approbation of his merit, as an exhibitor of the mysteries of
an art which we are sure mustbe of a very difficult acgoire-
went in the state of perfection to which he has brought his
skill. There have been very few men in his profession com-
petent to keep the attention of an audience so completely on
the qui vive, without the aid of other accessories, which
Mr. A. has nothing of the kind to cover a retreat. Though
we must pay a passing compliment to his sable assist,int,
who realises to the letter, Shakspeare's injunction. We
have never seen the faithful Ivory White in one instance
" o'erstep the modesty of nature," or " speak more than is
set down." Trusting that Mr. A. will revisit us ere lung,
we now take leave of him, with our good wishes for his con-
tinued success.

CHESTER DIOCESAN CHURCH BUILDING SOCIETY.—h
consequence of the very low state of the funds of this Christian
undertaking, the Lord Bishop of the Diecese has issued a
circular to all his clergy, requesting that their several con-
gregations may be appealed to in its behalf, and we doubt
not that the appeal will be responded to in a manner coin-
mensurate with the importance of the work, and that ade-
quate means will soon be forthcoming- to carry on the objects
so dear as well as necessary to the welfare of the Established
Church.—Chester Courant.

ESCAPE OF THE BEAR FROM THE ZOOLOGICAL GA It DENS.
—As. a variety of stories are abroad respecting the recent
elopement from Mr. Atkins's zoological establishment, we
give the following particulars from the mouth of one who
had a peculiar.opportunity of knowing the real facts of the
case. The individual alluded to is a person named William
Mayman. He says,—" About six o'clock on Sunday even-
ing, the 7th instant, I lyas standing at my own door, near
which was a man, with a-basket of nuts for sale. This man
first saw a large bear make his way over the gate into the
lane. He immediately threw his basket to the beast, and it
began to eat the nuts. At this moment a child between two
and three years old being on its way to buy some nuts, I ran
and caught bold of it to bring it to my house for safety. Be-
fore I had advanced many yards, the bear jumped upon my
back, seized me by the right arm, and began to grind &with
his teeth in a dreadful manner. I struggled with him to the
best of my power, but he threw me down. 1 called out
Murder,' but no one came to my assistance. He then
loosed my right arm, and I got upon my feet. I could not,
however, make my escape. He next put his paws upon toy
shoulders, and attempted to seize my throat. Not succeed-
ing in this, he caught hold of my left arm and bit it com-
pletely through. He again tried at my throat; I kept him
off, and he fastened once more upon my right arm, threw the
down, and commenced dragging the up and down the toad
as a cat would a rat. I was still calling 'Murder,' but could
get no assistance. Presently the bear loosed my arm, and
began to hug me. Ile next seized me by the hip with his
teeth, and lastly got hold of me by the back of the head,
when the keepers of the gardens came and beat him off, just
in time to save my life. The beast then ran away, and I
saw no more of him. I was taken into the house by my
wife, and medical aid procured for me; and though I was
at first pronounced to be in a dangerous state, I thank God
my wounds are all doing well, but I am still lying in the
position I was in this night week, unable to move or be
moved."

Tttn STEAMER VICTORIA.-011 Friday last, after beating►
out through Crosby Channel, the crew of the pilot-boat No.
9 saw a steam-vessel, with a signal of distress up, the ensign
union down, and a whiff up forward at the fore-topmast head,
appearing in great distress, and in want of the assistance of
the pilot-boat. At this time (half-past twelve) the vessel
was a long way to leeward of the pilot-boat. The latter made
all possible sail towards her, perceiving that she was drifting
down on West Hoyle bank. At two o'clock they got to her,
when she proved to be the Vicroria, from Liverpool to Strang.
ford, the captain hailing the master of the pilot-boat, saying,
that he bad lost his rudder, that his pumps were choked, that
all his passengers and crew were bailing with buckets to keep
the vessel free, and that the water was gaining so fast as to
put the engine fires out. The master of the pilot-boat
promptly rendered assistance, by getting two ropes from his
stern, and endeavouring to steer him into safety. With diffi-
culty the pilot-boat got hawsers from each quarter; but the
sea running very heavy with squalls, it parted both hawsers.
The master advised the captain of the steamer under this
difficulty, as she had no way through the water, and was
quite unmanageable. Through the indefatigable exertions
of himself and crew an endeavour was made to replace the
hawsers, when a heavy sea struck the steamer, and hove her
on board of the pilot-boat, which sustained considerable da-
mage. From thirty to forty passengers jumped on board
the pilot-boat at the same moment, which placed the master
and crew in an awkward situation. The master advised the
captain to allow No. 10 pilot-boat, which was in company, to
have a hawser out from forward to tow a-head, as the night
was coming on very fast. With great difficulty this was
accomplished. The pilot-boat had not towed more than half
an hour, when a very heavy squall came on, and parted the
best and newest hawser which the steam vessel had on board,
and the same squall parted also one of the hawsers which No.
9 had out astern steering her, so that there was only one haw-
ser left to steer her by—the only one on board the steamer.
Fortunately it held until they got into smooth water; and at
7 p.m. they came to anchor in safety near the N. E. buoy.
At the request of Captain Aberdeen the pilot-boat No. 9 came
to anchor close astern of the vessel, where she remained
until Saturday morning, when the steamer was towed in
safety to the entrance. of Clarence Dock. Great praise is
due to the masters and crew of the pilot-boats for their exer-
tions on this occasion. Had it not been for their interference
the Victoria would have been inevitably lost. No. 9 pilot-
boat sustained very considerable damage, and has been since
undergoing repair.

PHRENOLGY.—The phrenologists of this town will be re-
joiced to hear, that there is a probability of Dr. Epps being
prevailed upon to deliver a course of lectures, in this town, on
phrenology, at the latter end of this month. From the popu-
larity which this gentleman has acquired in this town as a
lecturer, there can be no doubt that the disciples of Gall and
Spurzheiro, as well as the friends of Dr. E., will have a fresh
treat.

CONSECRATION OF THE NEW CHURCH AT RUNCORN.—
Saturday last was the day appointed by the Lord Bishop of
the Diocese for consecrating the New Church, (Trinity,) at
Runcor
Runcorn. The early part of the morning was paricularly
unpropitious, a snow storm having set in, but as the day ad-
vanced the sun shone resplendent, and a vast concourse of
visitors had arrived to witness the interesting ceremony. His
lordship, who was attended on this occasion by all the clergy
of the town and neighbourhood, including the Vicar of
Runcorn, after having consecrated this sacred edifice, dedi-
cated to the Holy and undivided Trinity, preached an ad-
mirable sermon, at the conclusion of which a handsome col-
lection was made towards defraying the expenses of the
Church. Previous to leaving Runcorn, his lordship, clergy,
and gentlemen, partook of an elegant cold collation at Wil-
son's Hotel, the excellency of which reflected great credit
on the culinary qualifications of Mrs. Wilson, and the wines,
&c. could not be surpassed. John Johnson, Esq. presided,
being supported'by Joseph D,,nald, Esq. The ceremony
was most imposing, well attended, and has left a very grati-
fying impression on the minds of all who witnessed it. In the
course of the afternoon, the Bishop proceeded to Aston
Chapel, of which the Rev Samuel Bagnall is incumbent, in
the same parish, and consecrated an additional part to the
chapelyard, where a numerous assemblage met his lordship,
including the clergy and- gentlemen of the neighbourhood,
Sawnel Chadwick, Esq., Thomas Okell, Esq., Henry
White, Esq., the respected agent to A. 11. W. Aston, Esq.,
Mr. Beckett, &c., &c.—Chester Courant.
AWFUL INSTANCE OF SUDDEN DEATH.-Just as the busi-
ness of the Quarter Sessions for the county of Chester was
about to commence yesterday (Monday) at Knutsford, an
awful instance of the uncertainty of human life occurred in
the death of Mr. Thomas Walshman, who for 34 years had
filled the situation of confidential clerk to the clerks of the
peace, and treasurer for the county. He had, according to
his usual custom, set out from Chester on Sunday night, and
had slept in Northwich. In the morning he went on to
Knutsford in a postchaise, accompanied by two friends. On
the way he complained of being very unwell, and on reach-
ing the George Inn, he partook of a bottle of soda water and
some brandy. He after wards set out for the Sessions-house,
to attend to his duties as acting treasurer for the county. He
walked tolerably well as far as the lawn in front of the build-
in z, when all of a sudden he fell to the ground, in what ap-
peared to those around him, to be an apoplectic fit. He was
carried into the Court-house, and after giving one deep sigh,
he expired. By his employers he was highly esteemed; so
much so, that a few years ago they presented him with a
piece of plate for his long-continued and faithful services.
His loss will be much regretted by them, as well as by a large
circle of friends.

CURLING.-A correspondent at Largs informs us, that, not-
withstanding the milduess and superiority of their climate,
the frost was so keen on Saturday morning that a short cur-
ling game was played, and the thermometer, at seven o'clock,
stood in the E exposure at 32 deg. It is time the potatoes
were up.--Glasgow Courier.

CORRESPONDENCE,

WESLEYAN ASSOCIATION

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL ST4IVD,IIID,

Ste,—Your insertion in your next number of the following
letters, &c. will supply the lack of common justice in the
" Christian Advocate, and oblige, sir, your obedient servant,
October 18, 1838. W. H.

(Cory.)
9, Pembroke-place, Liverpool, 20th September, 1838.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE CHRISTIAN ADVOCATE.

SlR,—Relative to your reply to mine of the 12th instant,
" that we do not believe Mr. Hosking's statement, and,
therefore, will not insert it," I have now applied to my
leader on the subject, who has both seen a copy of mine to
you of the 12th instant, and the written notice of the expul-
sion alluded to therein; and he now declares that those
" statements" of mine are correct : and, with his testimony,
I again beg your insertion of them, a copy of which (lest it
should have been destroyed) 1 now send you.
I am, sir,
Your obedient servant.
WM. lIOSKING.

P.S.—Sir, you really cannot have any grounds for
con-
sidering the communication a hoax; and, if not, as the
editor of a professedly liberal and independent paper, I think
you are in duty bound to insert it, and then let some of the
parties who are acquainted with the truth contradict my
statements if they dare.

(Coyv.)
9, Pembroke place, Liverpool, 12th Sept., 1838.
To TILE EDITOR OF THE CHRISTIAN ADVOCATE.
SIR,-1 shall feel obliged by your inserting in your next
number the following matter of fact.
I am, sir,
Your obedient servant,
W. HOSKING.
