Kluptrial Vartiament.

UCUSE OF LORDS.

MONDAY, APRIL 29.
Petitions praying for the abolition of slavery were presented.
4)y the Bishop of Hereford, the Earl of Cadogan, Lord Suf-
field, the Duke of Sutherland the Duke of Cleveland, Earl
Fitzwilliam, the Bishop of Exeter, and Lord Western.

. ,
JURIES (IRE.LAND) BILL.
Lord MELBOURNE, after enumeratine,,, some verbal amend-
ments that had been made ia the above bill, moved that it be
now read a third time.

The Duke of WELLINGTON brought up a new clause.
After a short discussion the bill was passed.
Some bills were passed through their respective stages, and
Oie house adjourned at a quarter past 7 o'clock.
'1 UESDAY.
CORN LAWS.

Earl Frrzw presented a petition signed by between
3CIX) and =IOW inhabitants of the city of Perth, praying for an
alteration in the corn laws. He moved for returns of foreign
corn entered for home consumption from the years 1829 to 1832,
both inclusive, together with the rates of duty, and the total
amount of duty in each year. The noble earl observed, that if
he understood the intimation given by noble lords last week,
when he fixed this day for bringing forward his resolutions on
ths. corn laws, it appeared to be the wish of the house that he
should move the resolutions pro forma, for the purpose of having
them printed, and their consideration appointed for a future day,
(say Tuesday next.) He understood it still to be the wish of the
house that he should proceed in this manner. Under these cir-
cumstances, wishing to comply with the desire of the house, he
believed the proper way would be to read the resolutions, and
then ask permission to lay them on the table. The first resolu-
tion would have reference to the price of corn that had prevailed
is this country; the second would refer to the price of corn in
thOse countries of the world which were exporters of corn ; the
third resolution would have reference to those countries which,
like this, were also importers of corn; the fourth mould relate
to the total quantity of corn imported into this country under
the present act, stating the rates of duty levied; the fifth reso-
lution would state the same tax in a somewhat different shape,
having reference to the different rates of duty by which the total
sum had been produced. The sixth resolution would gave the
annual average of import, and of revenue derived from the im-
port of corn. The subsequent resolutions would state the con-
iusions to which he had come in his own mind with respect to
the subject, and to which same conclusions he hoped that, some
time or other, their lordships would also come.
Earl Gi regretted that his noble friend had chosen this
time for the purpose of bringing under their lordships' considera-
tion a subject which, he felt persuaded, might have been better
left untouched for the present.—(Hear, hear!) He repeated
`the expression of his regret, that his noble friend should have
undeitaken, at the present moment, a subject so important, and
la relation to which one of the greatest evils was perpetual
change.—(Loud cheers.) He, therefore, suggested to his noble
friend that it would be better (as, unfortunately, the matter
'must uow be discussed) to postpone the discussion till a later
lieriod than Tuesday, more particularly as it would then be in-
convenient to several noble lords to attend. He did not know
that this day forttiight would be too distant a period to fix for
the-adjourned debate.—(Hear, hear!) He was willing to con-
snit their lordships' wishes in any arrangement that might be
made.

Earl FITZWILLIAM had no wish except to consult the conve-
nience of the house, and if the noble earl and others desired to
have the discussion fixed for this day fortnight, he was quite
willing to accede to their wishes.
The resolutions were then laid on the table, and the debate
a.ijourned till Tuesday, the 14th of May.—Lords summoned.
• The Earl of WINCHILSEA wished to have the amount of poor
rates, highway, and county rates, since the date of the last re-
turns, laid on the table.
Earl GREY saw no objection to their production.
LAW COMMISSIONS.

The Loan CHANCELLOR moved for a copy of the fourth re-
port of the commissioners appointed to inquire into the state of
-the common law. He wished to postpone the Local Courts
which was waiting for a second reading, until this report,
which was very important, was laid before their lordships. In
the bill, as it originally stood, he had extended the jurisdiction
of those courts to the recovery of legacies of a limited amount.
'That provision was now, however, omitted, because he was un-
willing to embarrass the measure unnecessarily. Motion
agree(' to.
The Loan CHANCELLOR also moved for a copy of the third
and fourth reports of the commissioners appointed to inquire
.into the law of real property.—Motion agreed to.—Adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

MONDAY, APRIL 29.

The SPEAKER took the chair 'shortly after 12 o'clock.
Mr. EWART presented a petition front the merchants,
traders, and inhabitants of the town of Liverpool, for a repeal
-of the house and window tax.

Mr. J. SMITII was extremely sorry to see such a petition
emanate from so properous a trading town as Liverpool, than
which none •in the country had so much increased in wealth.
He regretted that, after London, the town of Liverpool should
be the first to petition for the abolition of an impost which it
was so well able to bear.

Mr. EIVART admitted the wealth, respectability, and import-
ance of the town of Liverpool, whose inhabitants, he must say,
were the best judges of the grievances affecting them, and
the remedy for these grievances. The hon. member also
presented petitions from the Dissenters of Edgehill, and three
other congregations in Liverpool, praying for the removal of
the grievances as to parochial registration and the celebration
of marriages, under which they labour; also a petition from
the Scotch medical practitioners resident in Liverpool, for the
revision of the Apothecaries' Act.
Mr. BANNERMAN supported the last petition, and expressed
the satisfaction he felt that it was in the contemplation of his
Majesty's ministers to introduce a measure to remedy the
grievances of which the petitioners so justly complained.
Mr. C. BuLLEn presented a petition, of which he had given
notice, with reference to the late election for the borough of
Launceston. They complained that great bribery prevailed,
which they were able to prove before a committee of the house,
but the great expense attending, the prosecution of an election
petition induced them to abandon such an intention, and the
want of means had not only deprived them of redress, but pub-
lic justice had been defeated. The petitioners prayed that a
commission should issue to take the evidence of the corrupt
practices which prevailed in the borough of Launceston at the
late election ; and, also, that the limits of the borough might
be extended, so as to prevent that undue interference which the
petitioners complained of as a constitutional abuse.
Sir 11. HA RDINGF. thought it must be evident that the hon.
member's object had not been so much to enter into the merits
of the election for Launceston as to make an attack upon the
Reform Bill. With regard to that attack he (Sir H. Hard-
inge) had nothing to say, because he had opposed the bill,
which having passed, he should feel it his duty to support a
remedy for any defects which it might possess. (Hear, hear,)
But he could not agree with the hon. member who hadi pre-
sented the petition, that because the petitioners had been de-
feated, they should be entitled to an enlargement of the boun-
daries of their borough. The petitioners were composed of all
those who had opposed him (Sir H. Hardinge), and amongst
the rest was the signature of Mr. Howell, his rival candidate.
Bribery and corrupt practices were charged in the petition
against him, his friends, and agents, and though the petitioners
kad failed to prosecute that charge, he (Sir 11. Hardinge) had
not yet had an opportunity of contradicting _ the allegation.
He, however, would now say, that so heinous and hideous an
oilence did he consider bribery to be, every voter being obliged
til) take the bribery oath, that he would rather lose his election
than that any man should perjure himself.
The SPEAKER left the chair shortly after three o'clock.

The SPEAKER resumed the chair at five o'clock.
THE MALT TAX.—MINISTERIAL. PROPOSITION.

After some returns were presented, and some formal business
disposed of,
Lord ALTHORP rose, and said that he felt quite persuaded
• that every gentleman expected that he would state, upon the
present occasion, what was the course which his Majesty's mi-
nisters were determined to pursue in consequence of the reso-
lution adopted by the house on Friday last. (Hear, hear.) The
decision of the house, on Friday evening, had placed his Majes-
ty's government, as he stated at the time, under circumstances
of great elitbarrassment. After looking at the question with
that attention which it merited, his Majesty's ministers felt that
it would be desirable to bring the question as to the reduction
of the malt tax again under the consideration of the house, in
such a manlier that the whole state of the ease should be brought
fully and fairly before it—that every hon. member might see
clearly all the consequences of taking such a step as that in-
volved in the resolution adopted on Friday last, and that they
should all come to a decision upon the subject with their eyes
open to the whole object and etiect of such a proceeding. (Ilear,
bear.) it was obvious that the sense of the house should be
];ken upon the point at the earliest moment and with the least
possible delay, and for that purpose he now rose to give notice,
taaat it was Ills intention upon to-morrow night to move, as an
