TUESDAY.

The Bishop of HEREFORD presented petitions from the mi-
nisters,, churchwardens; and inhabitants of the parish of Greete,
in the county of Salop, and of the township of Whitton, in the
parish of Burford, in the same county, for the entire and im-
mediate extinction of slavery throughout the British dominions.
The Earl of ltauNott presented petitions from several pa-
rishes in the city of Oxford, against the house and window tax.
• Lord POLTIMORE laid on the table petitions from various
places, against negro slavery.
The Earl of WICK LOW presented a similar petition from a
parish in the county of Antrim.

CORN RETURNS.

• The Earl of Rosslvn moved for a return of the quantity of
grain imported from Ireland into Great Britain from the year
3.853 to Iti32; also for a similar return of grain imported from
'the North American colonies.—Ordered.

The Bishop of Bangor presented a petition from the Arch
deacon and Clergy of Sarum and Wells, against the Church
Reform Bill.—Lord Western presented a petition from the inha-
bitants.of St. John's parish, Southwark, against the house and
windoW duties.—The Duke of Richmond presented a petition
from Crawley, in Sussex, praying the abolition of negro slavery.

BEF,R ACT.

The Bishop of LON DON presented a series of petitions, 24 in
number, from parishes chiefly in the counties of Essex and
Hells, complaining of the demoralizing effect of the beer
houses. The right rev. prelate said, much as these houses were
to be complained of, there was still a greater evil existing in
the metropolis—he meant the gin-shops. (Hear? hear.) It
could not be doubted that great demoralization was to be traced
to- this source; men were induced, by these shops being open to
Them in every direction, to enter and squander away that money
which ought to go to the support of their" families. (Hear.)
The.effects of this demoralization were exceedingly appalling,
and he thought it the bounden duty of a Christian Government
to look seriously at this question, with a view of correcting the
evils connected with the subject. The Government ought not
to-be influenced by any fiscal regulations in their consideration
of this important subject--important both to the morals
and comforts of the people—and no time should be lost in
bringing it forward, with a view of removing the manifold evils
attached to the present system. (Hear, hear.) The right rev.
prelate then laid on the table a petition from the inhabitants
of Chesterfield, against negro slavery.
The.Rishop of Llandaff presented a "petition from the Mem-
bers and friends of the Association for Promoting Rational
Humanity towards the Animal Creation." The right rev.
prelate said, if he were competent to the task, lie would bring
in a bill to remove the evils complained of by the petitiOners;
out he. hoped that some person better 'qualified than he was
would undertake to do so.

Lord Ellenborough presented a petition from Dumfries, against
negro slavery.—The Marquess Cholmondeley presented two peti-
tions, praying the enforcement of a better observance of the Sab-
ha* iron' Thames .Ditton, and a parish in the county of Salop.—
The Bishop of Chester laid on the table similar petitions from the
eity of Chester, and two other places.—Lord Feversham pre-
sented a petition, with a similar prayer, from a parish in York-
shire.—Lord Suffield presented fifty, petitions, praying the total
and immediate abolition of Shivery, from places in the counties
of Warwick, Dorset, Cumberland, Wilts, li erts, Salop, Suffolk,
Norfolk, York, Bedford, SoMerset, Lincoln, and Derby.—The
Earl of Falmouth presented a petition, praying the removal of
the Aisizes froth, Launceston to Truro.
Adjourned at a quarter to six.
