frilptrtat Varliturtent.

HOUSE OF LORDS.—MONDAY.
PATRONAGE IN THE COLONIES.
The Duke of WELLINGTON wished to ask the noble
viscount opposite, if her majesty's government had any ob-
jection to lay before the house a copy of any correspondence
between the Secretary of State for the Colonies and the
governors of Nova Scotia, Halifax, Prince Edwards Islands,
and Newfoundland, on the subject of a dispatch from Lord
John Russell relative to the administration of patronage in
those colonies.
Lord MELBOURNE said he would inquire if his noble
friend (Lord J. Russell) would have any objection to lay
these papers before the house.
The Duke of WELLINGTON : Then I shall move for
them to-morrow.
The Earl of RIPON wished to know if her majesty's
government had any intention of laying before the house any
papers on the subject of the connection subsisting between
the governor of Jamaica and the legislature of the colony.
Lord MELBOURNE said that the government had no in-
tention of laying such papers before the house.
The Earl of RIPON would, in that case, take an early op-
portunity of moving them.

MR. O'CONNOR.
Lord BROUGHAM presented a petition from Mr. Feargus
O'Connor, and observed that he could know nothing of the
truth of the statements of the petition ; but he thought Mr.
O'Connor should be allowed an opportunity of proving his
allegations.
The Marquis of NORMANBY gave an account of what the
government had done with reference to this prisoner. Mr.
Crawford, a prison inspector, had been sent down by him to
York ; and his loidship stated, as the result of his inquiries,
that Mr. O'Connor was now confined in a room measuring
22 feet by 14, furnished with chairs, sofa, &c. besides an
adjoining room for coals, &c. ; that he had the service of an
attendant ; was locked up at nine o'clock, but was allowed to
have newspapers and books, and also to provide his own
victuals and necessaries, if he thought proper. He was also
allowed to see his relatives and friends, and more particularly
his professional adviser, at all proper times ; and his lord-
ship said he hoped that Mr. O'Connor, feeling that the
utmost extent of indulgence had been granted to him by
the visiting magistrates of York Castle, would now conduct
himself in a different manner with regard to them, and that
no more complaints of this kind would be made.
EMIGRATION.—NEW SOUTH WALES.
The Bishop of EXETER brought before the house the sub-
ject of emigration to New South Wales. He contended, in
opposition to the Marquis of Lansdowne, that the land re-
venue funds ought to have been applied altogether to the pur-
poses of emigration. There had been not merely a promise,
but the faith and honour of the government were pledzed, to
induce parties to emigrate, and to vest their capital in land
on an express condition that every sixpence they so expended
should be devoted to the bringing free workmen to labour for
them ; and in consequence of that pledge, since 1831 £BOO,OOO
of the capital of this country had been so expended. While
Canada, with a population of 1,500,000, took only X 1,900,000
of our manufacturers, New South Wales, with a population
of 110,000, including convicts, took £1,200,000-4:10 to £1
of the other.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE wished to remove the idea of
any thing like a pledge having been given to the colonies of
New Holland, that the whole produce of the land revenue of
,the country would, through all time, be applied to the con-
veyance of emigrants from this country. In the course of
the last two years, the sum expended in sending emigrants to
New South Wales was even £30,000 or £40,000 more than
the whole of the land revenue during the same period. The
expenditure to promote emigration in the years 1838 and 1839
was £260,000 ; whereas the whole produce of the land revenue
in the two years was only £220,000.
After a few words from the Earl of RIPON and the Bishop
of EXETER, the address was agreed to.
PROTESTANT EPISCOPAL CHURCH (SCOTLAND) BILL.
On the motion of the Archbishop of CANTERBURY, this
bill was read a second time, and ordered to be committed on
Thursday.—Their lordships then adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS—MONDAY.
BUSINESS OF THE HOUSE.
Lord J. RUSSELL said he proposed this evening in the
first place to move the third reading of the Colonial Passen-
gers Bill ; after that the third reading of the Admiralty
Courts Bill ; and if the discussions on these measures was
concluded by nine o'clock, he should move the second read-
ing of the Registration of Voters (Ireland) Bill, No. 2.
Lord STANLEY'.—If the second reading of the Irish Re-
gistration Bill (No. 2) does not come on this evening, is the
noble lord prepared to say on what day he will move it ?
(Hear, hear.)
Lord J. ItussELL.—l cannot name any other day. (Loud
cries of " Hear, hear.")
Lord STANLEY said, nothing could be more inconvenient
than the manner in which the noble lord proposed to leave
the business of the house. The noble lord had admitted,
that the question was une of paramount importance, that
the Irish registration should take precedence of the English
registration. He admitted that the English registration bill
should be brought forward before the close of the session,
and yet, on the 22d of June, he could not inform the house
when he intended to bring it forward. Now, he (Lord Stan-
ley) had no other wish further than to see it fairly decided,
whether it was upon his bill or the Solicitor-General for Ire-
land's bill that the house should fix its choice ; but he must
complain of the noble lord's system of putting off the bill
from day to day on the ground that he could not fix a day
when it might be convenient to him. (Opposition cheeriug.)
The noble lord had fixed Thursday next for the Clergy Re-
serves Bill ; and if there was anything particular for F.liday,
he should not press his measure ; but while he did not inter-
fere with the arrangements of the noble lord fox the present
week, he felt that he would not be doing his duty to the house
and the country if lie postponed the subject beyond Monday
next. (Cheers from the opposition benches.)
Lord JOHN RUSSELL.—The noble lord has a way of con-
ducting the bill which he has brought forward, so totally
different from that adopted by the other members of this
house, that it is very difficult to settle these matters. (Loud
cheers.) I proposed, having previously agreed that orders
of the day should take precedence of motions, that the re-
gistration bill should be fixed for Thursday next. The noble
lord refused that proposal. (Hear, hear.) I did not divide
the house on it, because I saw that the noble lord and others
had made up their minds to oppose it. I do not therefore
see that I am at all bound to state now when I mean to sub
mit the Irish registration bill of the government. I hope to
be able to state, at a later period of the evening, when it
shall be brought to a decision ; but not at all with the-view
of interfering with the noble lord's registration bill. (Hear,
hear.) I gave notice that, after the bill should be read a
second time, I should put it off from time to time. (A laugh
from the opposition.) Yes, that the house might have an
opportunity of deciding, first, on the other clauses of the no-
ble lord's bill, and then on the question whether, as to those
which contained the main principles, they preferred my ho-
honourable frieud's (the Solicitor-General) to the noble lord's
measure. (Cheers.)
COLONIAL PASSENGERS' BILL.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL then rose to move the third reading
of the colonial passengers' bill ; but it was a considerable
time before he could proceed, from the noise occasioned by
members leaving the house. After a short discussion, the
bill was read a third time.
On the motion that it do pass,
Dr. LUSHINGTON moved that the clause relative to the
emigration of the Hill Coolies be omitted. He admitted the
benefit of emigration from countries with an overwhelming
population to others like Guiana that had an abundance of
land. He, however, deprecated the attempt to remedy the
decrease of the production of sugar in Jamaica and some of
the other West India colonies, by the introduction of Hill
Coolies. He would •prefer taking the supply of sunlit from
the United States. He contended that the captured slaves
should not be left in a state of slavery in Cuba or elsewhere,
but carried to the British dominions, and treated as British
subjects. The right hon. and learned gentleman adverted to
the results of the attempts to introduce Hill Coolies into the
Mauritius, and he said, he saw no reason to think that the
exportation of these people would not be attended with a re-
petition of the disgraceful scenes that had already taken
place. Were it not for the middle passage from Hindostan
to Guiana, he believed that it would be better to transfer the
Coolies to British Guiana than to 'Mauritius. The climate
and. the people were better suited to their nature, and the
mortality was much less than in the West India islands ; but,
before consenting even to this, he must see some measures
securing laws for the protection of those who were unable to
protect themselves. (Hear.) He concluded with moving
the omission of all the clauses.
The SPEAKER (as we understood) said, if the house
negatived the proposition of the right hon. gentleman, the
clauses he proposed to leave out would stand part of the bill.
At this stage it would be competent to any hon. member to
move an amendment to introduce the words " British'
Guiana, and West India Colonies," before the word Mau-
ritius.
A rather long debate ensued, after which the house divided,
and the amendment was carried by a majority of 158 to 109,
after which the bill was passed.
ADMIRALTY COURT JUDGE'S SALARY BILL.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL moved the third reading of this bill.
Lord HottiAm proposed the addition of the following
words at the end of the first clause :—" That any. such judge,
after the present parliament, shall, during his continuance in
office as judge, be incapable of being elected or sitting as a
member of the House of Commons.
Mr. HUME seconded the amendment.
Mr. WARD wished all judicial functionaries to be excluded.
Mr. F. SHAW thought that the benefit he experienced in
his own case should be extended to the judge of the admi-
ralty.
The provision was ultimately agreed to, no division having
taken place.
While strangers were excluded, Mr. HAwEs, as was un-
derstood, gave notice that he should move that the exclusion
from sitting in the house should' be extended to the Recorder
of London and the Recorder of Dublin.
FLOUR IMPORTATION (IRELAND) BILL.
Mr. LABOUCHERE moved the order of the day for the
third reading of the bill.
Sir R. BATESON moved that the bill be read a third time
that day six months.
Colonel CONOLLY seconded the motion.
Mr. MORE O'FERRALL contended that there would be no
injury to the Irish miller in the passing of this bill, inasmuch
as Irish flour could compete at present with the American
flour in the Liverpool market.
Sir D. ROCHE was ha favour of the bill.
Mr. Sergeant JACKSON opposed the bill, as it was opposed
by all the millers in Ireland, who had expended much capital
on their business.
Mr. LABOUCHERE maintained that it was impossible to
injure an exporting country like Ireland by allowing the im-
portation of American corn into that country in the same
way as it was admitted into this.
Mr. BE AMISH cordially supported the bill. He had no
fear of the importation• of foreign flour ; if he had any such
Mr. 0. GORE opposed it, because he considered it a pre-
ludeaTPbP apprehension
litz
oho eptanojhsroei
rotirnh:erphweaeamalssheornofedutchtleldeli
amendment
cornnedt opposelaws.
The house then divided, when the numbers were—
For the motion
with loud 1
Majority against the bill 9-70911
• c leers from the opposi-
tion..

After nine o'clock,
hdaisy:Frirsihdayßegistration,or mon d:Le STANLEY renewed the subject of
noble friend whether heßill, and said he would appeal to his.,
wouldt consent to name either Thurs-
,o proceed with his bill.
Lord .1. RUSSELL observed,y that there were two measures
on which it was desirable to taketi the opinion of the l
house,'
Twhausrsda
Bill,without
which d delay. ay
was.
fixed The ffirstor
Thursday other was a motion
Clergy Reserves (Canada)
of his right honourable friend the
which
of the Exche-
quer,question which tl was to come on on
or the the noble lord knew
relative to the sugar duties,
Friday, and that was a
must be settled within a few days,
altoge-
ther expire. The first of these measures he
dutiess would
bringing forward on Thursday, and he was in :uld persist in
hopes that the
discussion on the Sugar Duties Bill would no
time, but it was a subject which could not be postponed.take much
At
any rate he hoped some arrangement might be
effected rela-
tive to it, and he would not object to postpone the committee
of supply for a week. He wished to take the committee on
o
the Ecclesiastical Duties and Revenues Bill next Mondayn,
and he would, therefore, prefer giving up Friday to the di-s_
cussion of the bill of the noble lord..
Lord STANLEY was quite ready to agree that they should
go on with his bill the first thing on Friday. At the same
time he appealed to the noble lord, and he trusted the house
would not sanction any vexatious opposition to their at once
going into committee on Friday.
Mr. SMITH O'BRIEN wished to know whether the nobler,
lord intended to proceed with the second reading of the So-
licitor-General for Ireland's bill as' be had given notice ?

Lord Joni Russzu.loped that there would be no serious
objection to the second reading of this bill.
Lord STANLEY should not oppose the motion, as far as he
was himself concerned, for the-second reading of this bill.
He would even add, that if his (Lord Stanley's) bill 'should
fail, he would endeavour to make the frame of the Solicitor-
General for Ireland's bill the ground-work of an efficient
measure for the attainment of the object Which he had in
view.

POLICE RATES ASSESSMENTS BILL.
This bill was read a third time and passed.
The Sugar Duties' Bill was read a second time.
After some other business, of no particular importance, the
house adjourned at a quarter-past one o'clock.
