AN ORDINANCE,

Enacted by the Lieutenant-Governor of Trinidad, with the
advice and consent of the Council of Government thereof,
for the abolition of the apprenticeship of the prmdial appren-
ticed labourers in the Island of 'Trinidad and its dependen-
cies, upon and from and alter the first day of August next.
Whereas, by the act passed by his late Majesty King
William the Fourth, with the advice and consent of the lords
spiritual and temporal and commons in the parliament of the
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland assembled,
"for the abolition of slavery throughout the British colonies,
for promoting the industry of the manumitted slaves, and for
compensating the persons hitherto entitled to the services of
such slaves," it is plodded that no person who by virtue of
the said act, or of any act of assembly, ordinance. or order
in council as therein before mentioned, should become a pran-
dial apprentice labourer, whether attached or not attached to
the soil, shall continue in such apprenticeship beyond the
first day of August, 18-10. And whereas it is expedient that
the apprenticeship of such apprenticed labourers shall cease
and determine upon time first day of August, 1838.
. . _ _

e it therefore enacted, And it. is lierebv enacted and or.

dained by his Excellency the Right Honourable Sir George
Fitzgerald Hill. Baronet, Colonel of Londonderry Regiment
of Militia, Lieutenant-Governor and Connnauder-in-Chief
in and over the said Island and its dependencies, Vice-Ad-
mind thereof, &c., &c., by and with the advice of lhe Council
of Government thereof, and by the authority of the same,
that all persons who, on the first day of August, 1838, shall
be in a state of apprenticeship, as prmdial apprenticed labour-
ers, under the said act, within this island and its dependen-
cies, shall, upon and from and alter the first day of August,
1838, become, and he to all intents and purposes whatsoever,
absolutely and for ever manumitted and set free, and the ap-
prenticeship of such prwdial apprenticed labourers under
the said act, shall, upon and from and after the said first
day of August, 1838, utterly cease and determine within this
island and its dependenies.
And be it enacted, That this ordinance shall take effect
upon and from and after the first day of August next.
Passed in council, this 25th day of July, in the year
of our Lord 1838.

T. F. JOHNSTON,
Clerk of Council.

UNITED STATES.—By the Siddons, which arrived
here on Friday, we have received New Yo►k papers to
the 25th ultimo. The commercial news brought by
this packet is deemed generally favourable. The
amount of business for the autumn was small, com-

pered with former years, but perhaps of a more sub-
stantial nature. The internal exchanges were fast
equalising themselves since the resumption of specie
payments, but the banks were rather cautious in dis-
counting. Mr. Biddle seemed to be in earnest about

establishing his new bank in the city of New York, for
which purpose he had taken a house, and made other
arrangements The new cotton crop had already ap-

peared in the market, both at Charleston and Sayan

nah, and was of excellent quality; in fact, with the
exception of tobacco, which is greatly deficient, and of
indifferent quality, nearly all the crops in the Union
are a fair average, and the growers are in high spirits.
A meeting had been held in Philadelphia, and steps
taken to forward the plan for steam communication be-
tween New York and Europe. The elections were
turning almost everywhere against the present admi-

nistration. The removal of the Cherokee Indians to

their new tract of country was, after many conferences
and much anxiety of feeling, quietly going on, under
the direction of General Scott; and the termination, or
rather temporary cessation of the Indian war in Flo-
rida, had enabled Government to withdraw a great
portion of the troops from that district, and strengthen
the force along the northern frontier, where it is much
required to repress the patriotic feelings of the Ame-
ricans themselves, and prevent those marauding de-
predations which took place last year.
. .

The news from Canada possesses no great interest.
Lord Durham had lieen enjoying his old and favourite
amusement of horseracing at Montreal, on which oc-
casion a most bumble address of confidence was got up
and presented to his Excellency, who took occasion in
his reply to declare that be would not abandon the task

that he had imposed upon himself, until he was ena-
bled to submit to her Majesty's ministers such a per-
manent arrangement as would provide for the main-
tenance of public tranquillity. The boundary ques-
tion excited much uneasiness in Upper Canada, and,

in the opinion of the military, was likely to lead to
great embarrassments, if not an open collision. It
was reported that Earl Munster was to succeed Sir
Colin Campbell'in the Governorship of Nova Scotia,
and that the latter was to replace Sir John Colborne in
Canada, who would return home.
_ . .

We have little news respecting the South American
Republics. Oribe, the President of Monte Video,
had resigned, after his defeat by Fruchuosa Riveiro,
and letters from that place of July 13th state that the
Chambers had been corrvoked, for the purpose of open-
ing with that Chief, tvho was daily ex-
pected to place himself at the head of afThirs. At
Buenos Ayres, and also atVera Cruz and the Mexican
ports, active preparations were made to repel any
attack by the French. These blockades are exciting
the greatest interest, not only in the commercial but
in the political circles. The Mexicans are reported to
be fully prepared to issue letters of marque the mo-
ment the castle of St. Juan d'Ulloa is attacked, in
which case there is no telling where the atiltir might
end.

W a subjoin the most important extracts.
UPPER CANADA.—THE SHORT HILLS CoNvlcTs.—Bea-
tner, who was engaged in the Short Hills affair, was tried last
week at Niagara, U.C. convicted and ordered to be hung.
This is the seventeenth convict, and the fourth ordered for ex-
ecution. Great efforts, we understand, are making by their
friends of Chandler and \Vait to obtain a commutation of
their sentence. It may possibly prove successful; but M`Leod
and Reamer, it was believed, would be executed without
doubt.—Alliany Argus.
DUTY ON SILKS AND COTTONS.—IMPORTANT CUSTOM
HOUSE ORDER. In February last, the then Comptroller of
the Treasury, Gov. Wolf, issued a circular, by which a duty
of 12 1-2 per cent was to be charged on all silk laces, and
per cent on silk hosiery and silk gloves, which, since the pass-
age of the act of the 2d of March, 183 i, had been entered as
free. Remonstrances were forwarded to the Comptroller
against the said duties, when the following letter was re-
ceived
