GREECE.

Letters from Trieste confirm what we have heard already
from so many quarters, the determination of Mehemet Ali to re-
fuse to treat with the Porte. According to the Allgemeine Zeitung
of the 13th, the new King of Greece was becoming daily more
and more popular. The Chiefs, Colocotroni, Zavellas, &c.,
had come into Napoli, and assured him of their entire devo-
tion to his cause. If he had not arrived, Colocotroni is said to
have declared that not a stone of the walls of Navarino would
have been left standing. How long all this harmony will last
is a different question. , There are no other artic.es of auy im-
portance in the German papers, except that the military arc
organizing in almost all the States. 'Tranquillity prevails at
Frankfort, but the Journal de Frankfurt says, that the frontiers
of the neighbouring States are occupied by strong detachments
of troops. Hochst is occupied by troops of Nassau. Offen-
bach by troops of Hesse Darmstadt, and Bergen by troops of
Hesse Cassel. " This measure," it adds, "is very advantage-
ous to our city, because it will defeat all plans of attack from
without that might be contemplated against it." This does not
look as if they considered that the tranquillity would be long
suffered to remain unbroken.—Standard.

JOBBING IN THE UNIVERSITY OF GLASGOW.--It would ap-
pear that Professor Mylne, of the Glasgow University, following
an example of which Sir James Gibson Craig, and his organs,
the Mercury and Seatman, need scarcely be reminded—in-
tended to part with the chair of moral philosophy to Dr.
Fleming, Professor of Oriental Languages in the same college,
in consideration of an annuity to be paid by the latter. Pro-
fessor Mvhie having informed the Solicitor-General of this
"transaction," he, as Lord Rector, immediately issued a long
and rambling manifesto, protesting against th 3 proposed ar-
rangement, as calculated to shut the field of competition, and
injure the character of the University. We are now informed
that, in consequence of this exposure, the contemplated ar-
rangement has been abandoned. The Solicitor-General cer-
tainly dererves praise for his prompt conduct in this matter;
but we cannot help thinking that his proceedings form a very
bitter commentary on a late transaction, in which his official
coadjutors and brother Whigs were very intimately concerned.
Mr. Cockburn condemns all attempts to shackle the competi-
tion for professorships with retiring pensions; and this doctrine
is upheld by the friends of the press !—the very same parties
who acted in defiance of such a principle on the occasion to
which we allude. Professor Mylue surely could not have anti-
cipated opposition from such a quarter at all events !—Edin-
burgh Evening Post.

INSOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT, LONDON
THURSDAY, APRIL 18.

John Randall, late coachman to Mr. Long Wellesley, applied
upon his petition, to be discharged.
The insolvent was not opposed ; but the learned Chief Com-
missioner elicited from him that he attributed his insolvency to
becoming liable for certain debts due by Mr. Long Wellesley.
The last money he received from him was £7 anal that was at
the Chelmsford election. He had no doubt, he said, of paying
his own creditors when Mr. Wellesley paid him.
The Chief Commissioner inquired whether he had any a-
knowledgment from Mr. Wellesley ?
The insolvent replied that Mr. Wellesley had the book of the
debts, and had "sanctioned" them ; he had his bill and papers.
He handed a note to the Court written by Mrs. Wellesley, in
which she admitted the debt.
The Chief Commissioner, after perusing its contents, said
that the note written by the wife would not make the husband
liable. _ _ _ _

The insolvent, it appeared, had suffered, since his incarcera-
tion in the Fleet prison, severely from indisposition.
The Court ordered him to be discharged, and appointed two
creditors assignees.
Richard Mather, described as a " professor of dancing," ap-
plied to be discharged.
The insolvent was, in the course of his examination, asked
the description of a lady whose name appeared in his schedule,
he said, " She kept an establishment.'
Chief Commissioner—lndeed! How very refined we get. I
suppose the plain English, is that she is a schoolmistress ?
Insolvent—She is so, sir.
Chief Commissioner—We get very refined. You were, I
suppose, some years ago content with being called a dancing-
master, but now it is " Professor of Dancing." There are many
women who keep " Establishments," and yet are not school-
mistresses. Let us call things here by their proper names.
Mr. Woodroffe applied that the insolvent might be allowed
what he might call au implement of his trade—lt was his " Fid-
dle and bow."
Chief Commissioner—What, Mr. Woodroffe! did you say
trade? If the gentleman will deign to accept the fiddle and
bow as an implement of trade, he shall have it—if not, it must
be given up.
Mr. Woodroffe accepted the instrument as an "implement;"
and the insolvent was ordered to be discharged.

COURT OF BANKRUPTCY, APRIL 16.

ACCOMMODATION BILL TRANSACTIONS.

A meeting for choice of assignees under a, fiat against John
Attree, a grocer of Brighton, took place this day before Mr.
Commissioner Merivale, when, after several debts had been
proved, and the messenger reported that the property discovered
belonging to the bankrupt was valued at only £49 175., a
creditor handed to the commissioner a letter which had been
sent to the bankrupt, and which discloses the manner by which
tradesmen procure a fictitious capital to support their falling
credit. The letter was to the following effect:—
" Sta,—ln reply to your favour, we beg leave to inform you
we are willing to remit you the amount in bills you request.
Our commission of five per cent., which includes all expenses,
is upon the amount wanted, and not after the rate of so much
per cent. per annum (say £5 for every £1130;) the dates and
accounts of course to your own convenience; but should you
require the bills to lie renewed, when due, for three, six, or
nine months longer, our commission then would only be 21 per
cent., and the same charge every time you require the renewal
(that is where the bills are in amount from £5O and upwards;
for smaller sums we charge the full commission of £5 per cent.).
In sending the commission upon the amount you require please
to forward us a copy of the undertaking, signed by yourself, at
the same time; and we trust to your strict punctuality in pro-
viding payment upon all occasions, when due, of any bills We
send; and in any business we transact together it will be our
study to give you every satisfaction. We have done consider-
able business quietly in your neighbourhood for many years,
and we shall at all times be happy of your correspondence
which will meet immediate and confidential attention, by
" Sir, yours very respectlfullv,
" WM. MUIR, and Co.

"24, Dempsey-street, Commercial-road, London.
"No letters received unless post-paid."
P.S. We always advise our correspondents to keep these
transactions confidential, and pay the bills away as if they had
received them in the usual way of business, or assistance by
friends. When bills to the amount of £5OO and upwards are re-
quired, they will also have a drawer, and be indorsed by one or
two more respectable factors, brokers, or tradesmen, in the usual
mercantile business method, as if they had already been nego-
tiated by one party to another before you had them; and we
can also exchange them in great variety from time to time as
circumstances may arise to requite it. 'After business has com-
menced we will not trouble our correspondents to pay postages,
but till then all letters and parcels must be free of expense.
Saleable goods, at a fair market price, will be taken for our
commission when bills to the amount of £530 are requested.
We have by us at this moment several very respectable bills,
in amounts from £5O to £l,OOO at three, four, and six months'
date, accepted by merchants, and indorsed by several parties as
above stated.'
The letter was addressed to " Mr, John Attree, grocer,
Btighton." It was not dated, but the post-mark is March 2.,
1833.

A court martial assembled on Wednesday week, in the mess-
room of the Royal Marines barracks, at Woolwich, of which
Colonel G. P. Wingrove was President, to try Second Lieute-
nant Daniel O'Connell, of that corps, (nephew of Daniel O'Con-
nell, M. P.), on the following charges:-Ist, for concealing a
bottle of spirits in his bed on the 'ad of March last, during
which time he was a patient in the hospital-2d, for drunken-
ness between the hours of seven and nine at night, on the 224
of March last, absenting himself from the hospital without leave,
and obstructing the hospital serjeant in his duty, when endea-
vouring to bring him back to his ward. The ease for the prose-
tion closed on '1 h u rsday, and the prisoner, who was assisted by
M. O'Connell, Esq., M. P., sou at the learned member for Dub-
lin, and W. J. O'Connell, another relative, as his counsel, was.
allowed until to-day, at two o'clock, to enter upon his defence.
—Hampshire Telegraph.

PRESENTATION OF PLATE.—A handsomely embossed and
chased silver salver has been presented to the Rev. James
Smith, M.A., Fellow of Brazenuose College, Oxford, by the
congregation attending Stepney New Church, Loudon. It -
bears the following inscription:—"Presented to the Rev. James
Smith, M.A., on his retiring from the ministry of Stepney
New Church, after a zealous and faithful discharge ot its
duties during nine years, by the congregation, in token of
their grateful respect and sincere esteem."
THE HOG ORGAN.—Louis the Eleventh, whose maitre de
musique was the Abbe Dabuigne, disposed one day to be plea-
sant, told the Abbe, that he should, above all things, like to
hear a concert of hogs; not, at the same time, believing that
the realization of such a treat was possible. The Abbe, how-
ever, determined to be as facetious as his Majesty, collected a
great number of the swine species of various ages, mid confin-
lug them in a large box-like iuclosure, with holes of communi-
cation on one side ; he, on that side, placed a table, furnished
with a certain number of keys, similar to those of a harpsichord, '
but armed, at the ends which went through the holes, with long
needles, and so arranged, that, when he pressed down the leit
hand keys, the old hogs grunted, and when he touched those on
the right, the young pigs squeaked ; and, by the charming mix- '
ture of their high and low notes, produced a " concord of sweet
sounds," or an hog-organ. Bouchet, who narrates this story,
adds, that when the king was invited to hear the Abbe's newly. •
.21'0 UR
invented concert, he was highly diverted, laughed heartily, and
-c
gave him much credit for his contrivance. N't
RETURNING OFFICERS.—The following are the gentlemen ;Le
appointed by the high sheriff returning officers under the reform -4
act, for the boroughs of Blackburn, Oldham, Bury, Rochdale,
and Warrington :—Blackburn, James Cunliffe, Esq.; Oldham,
Abraham Clegg, Esq. ; Bury, Thomas Norris, Esq.; Rochdale, .72
John Etlictt, Lsq.; 'Warrington, Joseph Wagstaff, Esq.

ird\
vrt

.

-vs
•
'

v
~'~~
/~, ~.

I

'S43

**trial Parliament,

VOUSE OF LORDS.

THURSDAY, APRIL 18.
The Earl of Rosebery presented petitions from different parts
of Scotland, praying for the abolition of church patronage.
• Petitions praying; for the better observance of the Sabbath
were presented by Earl Howe, from a parish in Leicestershire;
and by the Bishop of Llandatl; from the congregation meeting
at Percy Chapel, St. Pancras.
The Earl of Wicklow presented several petitions against
slavery, and the plan of church reform, from places in Ireland.
The Earl of Radnor presented petitions for the abolition of
slavery, from a parish in Devonshire, and from the towns of
Faringdon and Wokingham; from the Protestants of the in
chapel at Wantage ; from the Wesleyan Methodists
at Wantage ; from the Wesleyan Methodists at Maidenhead;
from the Wesleyan Methodists at Letcomb-Basset, Fawley, and
Childrey ; and the Protestant Dissenters at Kingston Lisle.
Lord Suffield presented 48 petitions to the same effect from
different parts of England.
Similar petitions were presented by Lord Dacre, from Roys-
ton, iu Hertfordshire, and from a parish in Monmouthshire ;
and by the Earl of Albemarle, from Diss, in Norfolk.
Lord Grantham presented a petition from the magistrates of
Bedford against the beer bill.
Lord Dacre presented a petition from Wethersfield, in Essex,
against the payment of church rates and other ecclesiastical
dues.
The Earl of Radnor gave notice that he would, on Monday
nest, move the second reading of the Stafford Bribery Bill.
The Marquis of CLANRICARDE stated that he had a petition
in his possession, from certain parties, praying to be heard by
_ counsel against the bill.
Ou the motion of Lord WYNFORD, an account of the expense
of the real property and common law commissions was ordered
to be laid on the table.
On the motion of Earl HOWE, the Seamen's Hospital Bill
was. read a second time.
Lord LYNDHURST requested the noble and learned lord on
the woolsack to postpone the second reading of the Local Ju-
risdiction Bill, which was fixed for that night. He made this
request on the ground that the evidence taken before the coin-
mon law commissioners, on which the bill was founded, was
not yet. in the hands of their lordships.
The LORD CHANCELLOR had no objection to postpone the
second reading for the reasons stated by the noble and learned
lord. He did not expect that the evidence to which the noble
and learned lord had alluded, would be ready for delivery be-
fore Monday next.
At the request of Lord ELLEN BOROUGH, the third reading of
the Irish Juries Bill was postponed, in consequence of the ab-
sence, occasioned by illness, of a noble duke, (Wellington,)
who was desirous of making some observations on the subject.
The Mutiny Bill was committed.
The Marine Mutiny Bill was read a third time, and passed.

I;RIVY COUNCIL BILL.
The Privy Council Bill went through a committee, and the
report was ordered to be received to-morrow.—Adjourned.

FRIDAY.
Oh the motion of the Duke of RICHMOND, the Mutiny Bill
Int.s read a third time and passed.
Lord, ROLLE, in presenting a petition from Exeter for the
better observance of the Sabbath, took the occasion of asking
the noble viscount the Secretary of State for the Home-Depart-
ment, whether any alteration was likely to be effected in the
management of the new beer-houses.
Lord MEI:BOURNE admitted that the subject was one of ex-
treme importance, and that some alteration in-the system was
absolutely.necessary ; but he feared that without some prelimi-
nary inquiry it would be impossible to effect any beneficial
change. The beer-houses had been established for a length of
time, and interests had grown up under the law which did not
previously exist. He hoped, however, that some alteration
would be devised which would obviate the prejudicial and un-
fortunate effects so genera complained of.
On the motion of Lord MELBOURNE, the order of the day for
the third reading of the Juries (Ireland) Bill, which stood for
Monday next, was postponed till Thursday next.
ADMINISTRATION OF THE CRIMINAL LAWS.

Lord LYNDHURST rose to put a question to the noble vis-
count on, a subject connected with the administration of the
criminal laws. By the act of Parliament passed in the course
of last session, all convicted of cattle or sheep stealing,
or stealing in a dwellins,:house to the amount of 51. should be
sentenced to transportation for life. Now, he was extremely
desirous of knowing whether the sentences under that act had
been in all cases carried into effect, or commuted for minor
punishments. One reason for his wishing to ascertain this was
the fact of his having been lately engaged in the trial of several
cases of the kind he referred to, and it had constantly appeared
to him that the'sentence of transportation for life was in many
of those cases extremely harsh, and much beyond the nature of
the offence. He recollected one in which a poor cottager in a
mountainous district of the country was indicted for stealing a
lamb. He was the owner-of two or three sheep, and one of the
mothers happened to drop a lamb, which died. '1 he cottager
finding a few days after a lamb, which had strayed from his
neighbour's flock into a field belonging to him, seized upon it
and appropriated it as his own, tieating it in every respect as
the one he had lost. The man was tried and found guilty of
the offence, and he (Lord Lyndhurst), who sat as judge.
was obliged in pursuance of the act to pass the extreme sea-
fence 'upon- him. Under the circumstances of that case, he
certainly thought the sentence much more severe than strict jus-
tice required; but he had no power to, mitigate the sentence.
He tad felt it his duty to communicate the circumstances of. the
'case he had stated to the government when they. occurred.
Surely the atrocity of the offence was very different in the case
of a'person who thus carried away one sheep, and in that of
another who stole a whole flock. Another reason which induced
him to apply for information on the subject was this—that he
had:ground to believe some further alteration was intended to
•be introduced into the criminal laws by the other house of Par-
liament. He wished, then, while those alterations were in pro-
gress, that his Majesty's ministers would turn their attention to
this point, namely, the affixing ()lone precise penalty to every
case•of crime, and. that penalty to be enforced imperatively. Vo
effect this object it would be necessary to make some extensive
alterations in the definition of crimes. He was, for these rea-
sons; desirous of knowing from the noble viscount whether un-
der the new law the sentences for the offences he had mentioned
had in eversoiristance been carried into effect.
Lord MELBOURNE, in answer tp the noble and learned lord's
question, could not give a precise answer; but he under-
stood that the sentences had not in every case been carried
into effect. The circumstances of the several cases were, he
believed, always taken into consideration, and the punishment
which was considered most apportioned to the offence was
substituted in its stead. With respect to the particular case
PI sheep-stealing alluded to by the noble and learned lord, he
was .not prepared to say what punishment was inflicted. He
neither recollected the case nor the communication which the
noble and learned lord said he had made. to the government,
but in all probability a mitigation of the punishment had
taken place. He (Lord Melbourne) had supported the bill
for the mitigation of criminal punishments upon the general
-principle of rendering them more certain, though less severe.
The government would always be happy to avail itself of any
communication from the noble and learned lord which would
assist the attainment of those objects in the smallest degree.
The present was, he conceived, the proper period for doing so,
whets a bill on the.subjeet was about to be contemplated by the
other house of parliament.
Lord WYNEURD said that the principle alluded to by the no-
ble viscount who just sat down—the rendering punishments
more certain, by diminishing their severity—was precisely the
principle on which he had made the proposition to the house.
He admitted that a better classification of crimes might be ef-
fected-
Lord LYNDHURST assured the noble viscount (Lord Mel-
bourne) that whenever he should happen to sit as judge before
a jury who had never acted under the new law, he should con-
siderhimself bound in passing sentence to state to them the law
of the case; and to point out to their notice the fact that-he was
not allowed to mitigate the sentence. In order to obtain the in-
formation he wanted he should move " for a return of the num-
ber of convictions for horse, cattle, and sheep stealing, and for
stealing to the amount of £5 in a dwelling-house, stating in how
many of such convictions the punishment of transportations for
life had been inflicted, and in how many that sentence had been
commuted for different punishments, from the Ist of June, 1832,
to the present time."
Lord DACRE said that his object in originating the measure
was to substitute certainty for uncertainty in the. punishment of
crime, and he believed that he acted in consonance with the
feelings of the majority of the people in so doing.
The motion was then agreed to.
The Privy Council Biil was reported, with amendments.
Adj ensued..
