BEDFORD ELECTION.

We notice this election for many reasons, but chiefly for the
proofs of reaction in favour of conservative principles which is
has afforded and for the achievement of the consummation so
long devoutly wished fur by the honest and really independent
men of the own, viz., the entire ejection of the houses of Rus-
sell and Whitbread from that absolute.dominion over the ho-
r.rugh which' they hid exercised for more than fifty years.
Captain Polhill, aided by the zealous co operation of the conser-
vatives, has achieved this after a contest of more than four
years. In 1830, when that immace/ate,patriot Lord John Rus-
sell, not condescending to address the electors, wrote to the
mayor, (a whig.,) stating that it was his intention to represent
the borough of Bedford, (he had been representing the free
borough of Bandon Bridge !) Captain Polhill came forward,
and after a struggle, which lasted ten days. (this was before the
passing of the reform act,) defeated Lord John Russell by one
vote only ! In 1832 Captain Polhill lost his election by three
votes, his opponents, Messrs. Whitbread and Crawley, (in defi-
ance of the enactments of their own measure, the reform bill,)
polling non-resident freemen, paupers, representatives of dead
men, and a peer of the realm, whose votes were allowed by a
committee of the House of Commons! Then it was that Cap-
tain Polhill told Mr. Whitbread—" I have turned the Russells
out of Bedford, and now I will turn you out, which I would not
have endeavoured to do had you acted fairly," The captain has
kept his word. At the close of the poll on Saturday week the
amount stood :—Polhill, 490; Crawley, 403; Whitbread, 383!
Thts Mr. Whitbread (after representing Bedford for nearly '2O
years) is ignominiously expelled the borough over which be
thought to have tentinued the domineering rule which hereto-
fore he had shared with the Russells! Mr. Whitbread, too,
polled 200 less than he did in 1832. Is this a proof of there
being no reaction? Mr. Crawley is a good sort of fellow, and
willing to give the ministers a "fair trial." We congratulate
Captain Polhill on his victory; we congratulate the men of
Bedford on their freedom; and we congratulate Mr. Whitbread
on being released from expending about five pounds pet annum
in the town which he represented!

THE PENRYN ELECTION.
We are sorry to rind by the election returns that Lord Tulle-
more has lost his seat for Falmouth and Penryn; and, with
feelings of auger, in addition to that of sorrow, to hear that his
lordship's defeat has been owing to the bad faith of one who
professes to be a conservative. fhe case is peculiar, and may
be summed up in the following manner 1831, Mr. Rolfe
having been appointed Solicitor-General, a vacancy occurred
in the representation. Lord l'ullamore's friends, anxious. to
bring in a conservative against the Whig lawyer, communicated
to Mr. Freshfield their willingness to give him their support,
and signed a deduction to that effect, on the strength of which
Mr. Freshfield made his appearance in Penrvn, and commenced
a canvass. But a circumstance occurred which few had fore-
seen—the change of ministry and the dissolution of parliament.
Mr. Freshfield was then requested to withdraw from the contest
by Lord Tullamore's friends, who, in promising their votes to
Mr. Freshfield, never contemplated the event of a general
election, when, of course, his lordship womnd require their in-
terest. Mr. Freshfield, however, refused, and thereby nailing
men to their word, destroyed many of his lordship's plumper's.
Th.!, consequence was a split between the conservatives, and a
coalition between Itolfe and Freshfield at a later period of the
contest. Lord Tullamore indignantly rejected the overture for
a coalition. We must say that Mr. Freshileid's conduct was
nowise what we shouldcallfair play " towards Ws noble friend."
In addition, if we bear true, Lord. l'ullamore was actually the
medium, of recommending Freshfield, in November, to the
support of his friends, the electors of Pefiryn. The feeling of
the people of Falmouth is very loudly expressed in his lordship's
favour, and we hear that he is to be invited to a grand dinner
by the merchants and gentry shortly. Neither Freshfield or
Rolfe have paid the cuitomary visits after the election to the
constituency. Lord Tullamore is still residiug amongst. theirs.

THE IRISH ELECTIONS.

DUBLIN. ELECTION.
Final close of the poll :
Daniel
Ituthven
If awiltun
West
The two first returned.

The following analysis of the political principles of the mem-
be 1 I elected to represent Ireland in the ensuing parliament
can be depended upon for its correctness and autbentieity:--
FIRST CLAM—The avowed supporters of Sir Robert Peel's
administration are 35, via.:
J. O'Neill.
Jones.
Sir Robert Bateson.
Emerson Tennant.
D. Kirk.
Meyuell.
Colonel Conolly.
Hayes. •
Colonel Percival.
Claude Hamilton.
Lucas.
Thomas.
1). Jackson.
Brecon.
Kavanagh.
Brecon.
Coate.
Young. •
SECOND CLASq.—Con.ervative
or factious opposition. U.
Lord Belfast.
Knox.
Ferguson.
Alderman Copeland.
Howard.
THIRD CLAM—Pledged opp,is
R. Fitzgibbon.
Crawford.
Westenra.
Dobbin.
Seri-ant O'Loughlin.
Marlin (Galway.)
Bodkin.
O'Ferrall.
Ponsonbv.
FOURTH CLA3s.—llan. O'Cun
D. O'Connell.
O'Dwyer.
M. O'Connell.
Fitzsvmons.
John O'Connell.
Finn.
O'Brien.

Maxwell.
Cole.
Cole.
Archdall,
Lord Castlereagh.
Lord Forbes.
F. Shaw.
Lefroy.
Ker.
f;tltples
Matthews.
Darner.
Lescestet.
Chatterton.
Vesey.
—Verner.

who 'till offer uo syxteniitic

Lord Clements.
Martin (Sligo.)
Lord Atcheson.
Browne.

ition members. 17.
Lynr•li.
Make.
Browne (Mayo.)
M'Canee.
'Wyse.
Butler.
Evans.
James Grattan.

:ell and his tail. 15.
Roche.
Roche.
llorayne.
Sullivan.
Talbot.
Barron.
ltuthvor.

SCOTCH ,MEMBERS RETURNED.
Captain Gordon, Aberdeenshire.
Captain Fergusson, Banffshire.
lion. James Abercromby, Edinburgh.
Sir John Campbell, do.
Mr. Fergus Kirkalrtv, g:e.
Mr. A. Johnston, St.. Andrew's, &c.
Mr. Hope Johnstone, Dumfries-shire.
Mr. R. C. Fergnsson, Kirkcudbright.
Oswald and Dunlop. Glasgow. .
John Fergus, Fife Burghs.
Sir .1. hay, Peebles-shire.
R. A. Oswald, Ayrshire.
W. D. Gillon. Falkirk Burghs.
Fox T.hide, Per; hshire.
Sir G. Clerk, Edivilmrghshire.
Dr. Bowring. Kilmarnock Bitr6hs.
Chalmers Montrose Burghs.
General Sharp, Dumfries.
Geo. Arbuthnot, Kincardineshire.
Admiral Adam, Clackmannan and Kinross.
A. Dronistoun, Dumbartonshire.
Captain Speirs, Paisley.

Tho Duke of leuchtenberg and suite left Brighton on Friday
morning and returned to town.
The investiture of the Doke of Buccleuch as Knight of the
Most Illustrious Order of the Garter will not take place until
after the return of the Scottish Representative Peers at Holy.
rood Palace on the 10th -of February. There is no vacancy in
the Order hy the dernisa of the Duke of Gloucester. he, as a
Prince of the Blood Royal, Wino a supernutuerary Knight.

~~`~ .~~,

NOMINATION FOR THE SOUTHERN DIVISION
OF •THE COUNTY. OF LANCASTER. •

On Saturday morning, at ten o'clock, the nomination of the
candidates for the representation .of the southern division of the
county took place at Newton. The little town front an early
hour presented a most anim tted appearance, exhibiting all 'the
bustle consequent upon a spirited contest.
.This, was increased
on the arrival of the railway carriages from Liverpool, Man-
chester, Warrington, and 1 Atop, which conveyed an immense
-number of electors, the far greater portion of whom wore the
favours of the constitutional candidates.
From the windows of various houses in the town, as well
public-houses as c. taxes, were displayed ribbons of the colours
of the several candidates. About half-past nine a procession of
several hundreds of the tenantry of Lord Francis Egerton
marched into the village, each bearing in his left breast a fa-
vour of blue ribbon with a white rosette in the centre, the sym-
bol adopted by his lordship and the other conservative candi-
date, Richard Bootle Wilbraham, Esq. In halran hour after-
wards the steam trains from Liverpool and Manchester arrived
with from two to three hundred conservative electors, most of
whom bore, either in their bats or the left breast, the colours of
Egerton and Wilbraham. The friends of these candidates had

arrauged to meet at the Oak Tree, at the upper end of the vil-
lage, and from thence to proceed to the hustings which were
erected atthe Horse and. Jockey, Mr. G. W. Wood's commit-
tee-room, near 'the church; accordingly, at about a quarter-
past ten, the electors in the popular interest, who had arrived
from Liverpool and Manchester, walked in procession towards,
and about mid-way to the Oak Tree met their country friends,
who advanced, preceded by about a dozen or twenty silk flags,
and a band of music, playing a lively air. Upon their meeting
the whole filed into column two.a-breast and advanced to the
hustings, where the electors took their stand opposite that por-
tion which had been set apart for the conservative candidates,
the band halting at the extreme left, and.playiug "God save
the King" in excellent std le. In a few ininntes Lord Francis
made his aptiearance in a travelling carriage from, we believe,
the seat of Sir J. Gerard, where he slept on Friday night. The
drawing up of the carriage was the signal for a general burst of
applause from his friends and supporters both upon anti before

the hustings.
The electors at this time amounted to from between 2000 to
30W, four-fifths of whom, judging (ruin the space they_occupied,
were the supporters of the conservative candidates. Upon Loki
Francis reaching the hustings, the cheering was renewed, upon
a signal from the crowd. 'three times three were given for
Egerton and Wilbrahain, the band playing the national au them.
Lord Francis respectfully bowed to the electnre and .acknow-
ledged the complirneuts he received from a considerable number
of fashionable ladies, who were placed in booths opposite the
hustings, every one of whom was decorated either with a favour
or a scarf of the conservative colours. Amongst the most dis-
tinguished present we noticed "Lady Francis Egerton, Lady
Gerard, Mrs. Bootle Wilbraham, Mrs. Hutton, Mrs. Ireland
Blackburne, Miss 'Hutton, Miss Brooke, Mrs. Blackburne, of
Eccles, and the two Misses Blackburne. Every lady on the
booth wore the " True'Brue" rosette. Mr. Wilbraham mounted
the hustings in a few minutes, and was most favourably received.
Lord Molyneux and Mr. George William Wood, accompanied
by their respective friends, arrived half an hour after the timo
appoiuted by the high sheriff fur the noininatiou ; and their non-
appearance at the proper hour, coupled with the meagre num-
ber present wearing their colours, led to the supposition amongst
many that they hail given up the contest in despair. T heir
arrival, however, dissipated tho fears of the few whigs present,
one of whom, with more sincerity than gout, accounted for the
non-appearance of one of the candidates at the proper time by
stating, that a cock fight took place at Eccles at ten o'clock,
which was literally the fact; but whether any of the candidates
attended it remains a matter of opinion. At half-past ten, or
nearer eleven, they arrived, when a cheer was faintly given by
their few partisans, who were placed exactly opposite to the
situation appointed for their hipourable candidates. No sooner,
however, was the first cheer given, than a tremendous laugh
burst forth. In less than five minutes from that time the High
Sheriff, accompanied by Captein White and several other gen-
tleraeu, and attended by the Under Sheriff, J. Birdsall, Esq.,
and the usual officers, arrived, and was received by Joseph Ad-
dison. Esq., the assessor,' who had been some time waiting his
arrival. On the left of the sheriff's compartment Lord Francis
Egerton was located, and beyond him, at the extremity of the
hustings, Mr. Wilbraham and his friends took their stand. On
the immediate right of the High Sheriff Lord Molyneux and
his friends were placed, and beyond him on the same side
Mr. G. W. Wood and his supporters ranged themselves.
Among those who accompanied the conservative candidates
we noticed Ireland Blackburne, Esq., Sir 'rhos. D. Hesketh,
Henry Bold Houghton, Esq., Sir John Gerard, Bart., Captain
Gerard, 'l'attou Egerton. sen., Esq., Tattou Egerton, Jun.,
Esq., M.P.,-: John Entwisle, Esq., M.P., the Rev.
Horton, William Hutton, Esq., Colonel Plumbe Tempest,
Samuel Taylor, Parker, Esq., Sir Richard Brooke, Richard
Harrison, Esq., John Moss, Esq., Henry Trafford, Esq., W.
Hutton, jun., Esq., Rev. Thomas Moss, Joseph Birley, Esq.,
Wm. Cririe, Esq.( Sir Thos. Brancker, Sir George Drinkwater,
J. S. Leigh, Esq., Richard B. 13. Hollinshead, Esq., Orrell,
Esq., the Rev. 'l'. Blackburne, John Greaves, Esq., Joseph
Brierley, Esq., Thomas Lyon, Esq., Thomas Parr, Esq., Jos.
Sanders, Esq., John Wright, Esq., William Hutton, jun:,
Esq., Wilbraham Egerton Esq., Richard Dawson, Esq., Geo.
Cottingham, Esq., of Manchester, Robert C. Sharpe, Esq., of
do., Clement Roy-des, Esq., of do., J. Beattey, Esq. of do., H.
ChritchloylEsq., of do., Edmund Kearslev, Esq., of Wigan,
John Clare, Esq., of Warrington, Capt. White, J. Simpson,
Esq., of Marple, the Rev. F. Ashworth, incumbent of Merple,
Henry Tempest, Esq., J. J. Norreys, Esq., and J. Lord, Esq.,
the mayor of Wigan.
The Whig candidates were accompanied by Charles Tayleur,
Esq.,.Witliam Wallace Currie, Esq., Wm. Earle, jun., Esq.,
Hardman Earle, Esq., Richard Earle, Esq., Joseph Hornby,
' Esq Wm. Blundell, Esq., Edward Loyd, Esq., Charles Gren-
fell, Esq., Daniel Broadhurst, Esq., and Colonel Berkeley
Molyneux.
The crowd immediately round the places set apart for the
candidates was very dense, so much so as to render the duty of
reporting the proceedings extremely difficult, more especially
as no provision whatever had been made for the gentlemen of
the press. This duty, never a light one, becomes vastly more
onerous when the reporters have to contend against the fluc-
tuating movements of a crowded auditory, besides the cheers,
snouts, laughter, and hisses which are the usual concomitants
of electioneering contention, and the general resource of a no-
mination assembly. No placards whatever were exhibited, nor,
with the exception of the display of a branch of laurel before
Lord Francis by a jocose fellow in the crowd, did we observe
anything but the fun generally attendant upon that peaceable
and good humoured rivalry which all along seemed to exist
between the partisans of the several candidates. The colours
adopted by Lord Francis Egerton and Mr. Wilbraham were,
as we have already observed, similar, namely, light blue and
white, whilst the friends of Lord Molyneux sported green and
pink cockades, and the adherents of Mr. G. W. Wood wore
crimson favours. Neither of the two latter candidates were
attended by either music or banners, nor did the voters in
their interest form any procession to the hustings. Between
two and three hundred carriages were drawn up in different
parts of the village, the devices of which, with but two or three
exceptions, were Ware and white cockades. The great majority
ofthose who attended to support Lord Molyneux were (min
Liverpool, where they arrived by the steam-carriage train ; and
most of those who favoured Mr. Geo. Wood's pretensions fol-
lowed in the Manchester train, next after that which carried
Lord Francis Egerton's supporters. The snow, which conti-
nued to fall at intervals during the whole proceedings, did nut
have the efiect of thinning the number of the attendants.
Immediately after silence had been restored, after the arrive
of the High Sheriff, the Assessor explained to the meeting the
object for which they were met, and said that that high func-
tionary would regularly proceed to all those- formalities which
were required by the laWs and constitution of England. Then
the Iligh Sheriff would call upon each of the candidates in turn
to state his sentiments, and, it he willed, to avow his principles
and vindicate his views; and, whilst he begged that all might
be fairly conducted, he by no means wished to prevent the ex-
pression of applause at the sentiments which they (the meeting)
approved, (cheers,) nor the utterance of dissent against those
which they disliked. (Cheers.) But be did expect with coral-
deuce that such approval and disapprobation would be so ut-
tered as not to interrupt the proceedings, or disturb the good
feeling of the assembled electors. (Great cheering.)
The Under Sheriff then read the writ of election and the act
against bribery and corruption ; after which the oath was admi-
metered to the High Sheriff.
Mr. W. BLum DEL t. then stepped forward, and said that he re-
quested the attention of the high sheriff and freeholders for a
few moments, whilst he put in umnination a tit and proper per-
son to represent their interests in parliament. (Cheers and
hisses.) lie much regretted that the task had not falli4l to
abler hands, as so good a cause, he was sure, deserved a better
advocate. He did not come prepared to introduce to their no-
tice a stranger, but a gentleman whose public services were
well known to them all (laughter, and cries of " What are
they?") and who had enjoyed their confidence before as their
representative—he meant Lord Molyneux. ( Hit ses arid cheers.)
The merits of his lordship he was sure would be appreciated by
them ; he had, in a time of much political difficulty, when by
the passing of the great measure of reform the foundation of
every reform was laid, advocated their cairee. (Hisses and
cheering.) They had before elected him lii a triumphant tna-
jertty, and throughout two sessions of parliament he had been
the faithful guardian of their intarasti,, and in no instance had
departed from those principles which first introduced him
to their notice. (Oh, oh.) Ile invariably supported mea-
sures of reform, wisely judging that by so doing he was
serving the best interests of his country. (Hisses and cheers.)
In the ranks of the reformers lie had lent his aid to the late
administration, to whom time country was indebted for so many
benefits.—(Cries of "Name them.") Some persons remarked
that little had been .dune by that administration, but he would
ask them did nut the late ministers take off 5 uliilions of
taxes?—(A voice, " Yes, and they put 20 millions on.") Mr.
B. continued. They had swept away about 2000 places, im-
proved the legal institutions of the country, amid abolished
neer() slavery, and did they call that nothing,—(Laughter.)
Was it nothing to have abolished the East India charter ? Was
it nothing to have preserved the peace of Europe ?—(Loud
laughter.) Had not the late ministers also used all their efforts
to bring Ireland to a state of quietude and happiness?—(Cries
of " What do you think of O'Connell ") Ile (Mr. Blundell)
was quite, confident that in this district of the county, which
was distinguished for its liberality, industry, and intelligence,
to such an extent as to encroach upon and rival the metropolis
itself, they would see the necessity of sending to parliament a
representative of Lord M.'s political sentiments, which were op-
posed to all monoply. He would support and bad supported mea-
sures conducive to their interests, both as manufacturers and
agriculturists. He was one who advocated the abolition of
monopoly in the Eastern empire,and who opened the trade with
China to the enterprise of British merchants. It was on the
ground of entertaining such political opinions that Lord Moly-
neux came forward to solicit their suffrages, iu obedience to the
call of a numerously signed requisition of freeholders, and his
(the speaker's) motive for proposing his lordship was, that he be-
lieved his sentiments to Le in accordance with the wishes of the
country at large. Mr. Blundell concluded by stating, that as
his lordship had a large landed estate in the county, his advo-
cacy of the interests of the agriculturist was insured.
Mr. WI Leta xi EARLE amidst considerable confusion and hoot-
ing, proceeded to second the nomination of Lord Molyneux.
He said be felt great pleasure in doing so, because he thought he
had a right as a commercial man-2-(cries of "And a leveller,")—
to interfere in the nomination of a member for this division of
this great commercial county. (hooting and cheers.) He
had the honour of proposing 'Mr. Morris as a fit individual to
represent the interests of Liverpool, a town with which be was
intimately connected. lie had there been hailed with hisses.
and called a leveller and destructive by individuals who he had
considered were gentlemen of that town. He was proud that
the noble lord, whose nomination he now seconded, had allowed
the honour to such an humble individual as himself; but the
cause was a good one, and if a good one, it could not be in-
jured by being entrusted to his hands. lle hoped he was too
independent in principle to pay court to any individual, however
high his rank, unless he found those men ready to support the
rights of every class of his fellow-subjects. In this light lie
viewed Lord Molyneux, and therefore supported his being agaiu
brought forward to the electors on this important occasion. The
noble lord, he believed, bad agreed to be put in nomination a
second time, considerable against his inclination, and he did
so merely with a view of promoting the general welfare and
interests of this vast cowuaercial county. lie had no doubt of

'~ . ~ ~~~

his being'honoured with as proud a victory as had favoured his
last election.
Mr. J. LLern then came forward to propose Mr. Wood.
Re saint he performed a similar duty four years ago, on the one
hand from a conviction that this division of the county required,
as one of its representatives, a gentleman who was acquainted
with trade; and, on the other because the reform bill having
passed, ho felt that it was the duty of fhe electors to send repre-
sentatives to parliament willing to forward the farther reforms
which was necessary, and for the attainment of which the bill
was intended to be the means. On these grounds the freehold

••
ers theu returned Mr. Wood as one of their representatives,

He (Mr. Lloyd) now again proposed him for their confidence.
Though he was addressing in great part as agricultural body,
he knew also that' there was before non a very numerous and
respectable mercantile class, and to them lie appealed' whether -
it was not of importance to take care that the commercial and
manufacturing interests should lie duly represented in parlia-
ment It might be said, indeed, that this was already done,—
that the, boroughs returned such members; but he would have
his he.rrers to recollect in what the coustituency of this division
of Lancashire consisted. It was made up. not merely of agri-
culturists, but a great part —perhaps a majority of the county
constituency, excluiive of those of the boroughs—was engaged
in trade; and it was necessary, therefore, to protect their in-
terests by returning one county member, not only'of liberal and
enlightened views in commercial affairs, but one also who was
practically acquainted with them. He was justified in laying
peculiar stress upon this point, because he knew it to be one
which the great body of mercantile and commercial men valued
most highly; but at the same time he, was quite aware that some
of the country gentlemen were strongly opposed to the return
of a commercial man for the county, the representation of which
they were very desirous to keep in their own body. Ile called
upon the commercial class, then, to bear this fact strongly in•
mind and not to lose the present opportunity of ratifying t[leir
claim. He called upon them, whatever were their feelings in
other respects under the present political excitement, to remem-
ber that if the return of a commercial member were now given
up, they would never again, or at ail events with very great
difficulty, recover their power. He would not detain them with
any statement of Mr. Wood's -political opinions, which were
already known to them. ( A cry of •"coo well.") A declara-
tion ha'd recently been put forward by the right hon. baronet at
the head of his Majesty's government professing a fair, honest,
and sincere desire for reform of such abuses as existed, and if it
were really an honest avowal of the intention of government to
do away with abuses, that government, should they return Mr.
Wood as one of their representatives, would find in him a zeal-
ous, though not a rash, advocate of reform wherever necessary;
but if it ware merely delusion, if the present ministers continued
to be the steady opponents of ref irm, which their conduct had
hitherto proved them to be, then lie called upon the electors to
prove that if his Majesty's ministers were not changed, neither
were the electors of Lancashire.
Mr. SitakseE rnE Pit r ries briefly seconded the nomination.

Sir JOHN GERA. H p then came for;vard, amidst bind and re,-
iterated cheers from the electors and the waving of harkiker- ,
chiefs from the ladies opposite the hustings, to propose Lord
Francis Egerton as a fit and proper person to represent this di- •
vision of the county in parliament. l'he time had now arrived,
he said, when it behoved every man to act up to his feelings—
when every loyal subject should, to the best of his ability, sup-
port his king anti constitution. (Loud cheers.) The noble
lord whom he was about to propose, from Ns high rank—his
fortune, which was immediately bound up in both the landed
and,the commercial interests of the county—from his con-
nexion also with the illustrious house of Bridgewater, (cheers,)
and his exalted talents—(cheers)—was a man than whom: one
more fit to represent South Lancashire in parliament could not
be selected. (Cheers.) His lordship had already addressed
the electors in various towns of the division—(hear)—he had ex-
plained to them his principles—he had told them that Sir
It. Peel's address to the electors of Tamworth was his political
creed (loud cheers). he had told them that though he could go
unfettered to parliament, yet, so long as the minister acted tip
to those principles, he should have his support. (Cheers.) It
was unnecessary, therefore, for him (the speaker) to trespass
longer upon them, (hear,) and he had only further to propose
Lord Francis Egerton as a fit and proper person to serve the
county in parliament. (Loud cheers.)
JOSEPH Bratue, Esq , seconded the nomination. He did so
because he knew the noble lord totbe a man of pre-eminent ta-
lents, of highly cultivated mind, and alight principles. (Cheers.)
And he did it also because the connexion of the noble lord with
the county was such, that in-looking to his own interests he was
looking to those of the county. But it was said by some that
the noble lord was not a reformer; that he was a supporter of
the present achninistration; and that, therefore, he would not
do for South Lancashire. They declared that,. if he were elect-
ed, the consequence would he ruin to the county and ruin to
religion; hut, if they would leave their religion to Mr. Wood,
he would take care of it, (laughter;) if they would leave their
eommerce to Mr. Wood, he would take care of it also; and that,
if they would leave their agriculture to Mr. Wood, he would
take care of it too. (Laughter.) Then, again, ,it eas said that
Mr. Wood was a member of the Manchester Agricultural So-

ciety, and he could, therefore, advocate the cause of agriculture.
( Laughter.) And, to crown all, it was declared that, unless
Mr. Wood were sent to Parliament to protect it, our commerce
would go to the dogs. (Cries of "What a idea r• ) lie did not
believe one word of all this; but it was not his intention further
to allude to religion, to the commerce, to the agriculture of this
country. This, however, he would declare, that he was one of
those who remembered with gratitude the heroes and statesmen
whose conduct and whose valour had won for us all those bless-
ings we enjoyed—(cheers)- blessings which were the property,
nut of the present generation alone,but which we had been the
instruments of diffusing over the world. (Cheers.) He was
not unmindful of the sufferings through which this country had
passed at more than one period of her existence; but, notwith-
standing them all, he believed that no other nation on the face
of the earth had enjoyed so large a share of generally diffused
prosperity as our own, or had been the means of scattering so
many comforts over the wide world. (Cheers.) To these corn-
forts—to their permanency and existence he believed the county
would be conducing by their return of the noble lord to parlia-
ment (Cheers.) It was not fit or right that the vast and
varied interests of this important district should be intrusted to
any intemperate political partizan. (Hear, cheers, and hoot-
ings.) lie neither denied, nor was he disposed to undervalue
the boasted ,commercial knowledge and experience of .Mr,
Wood; but, saying this, he must add, that he believed these
qualities to be valued too highly. and he further declared that,
with all his boasted talent, he would not pay the price at which
they must be estimated, it, after his late factious declaration of
hostility to Sir Robert Peel's government, Mr. Wood were
elected. With regard to the noble lord, his sleeping partner,
(laughter,) he might perhaps be allowed to say, merely that hr.
talents were much more fitted to Clayton-square than to the
House of Commons. (Cheers and laughter.)
Colonel P. TEMPEST then proceeded to put in nomination
the Hun. R. Bootle Wilbraham, a gentleman whose family had
long been known, and whose father, the more he was known,
the more was he respected and esteemed. (Cheers.) Mr.
Wilbraham professed the true old English constitutional prin-
ciples (cheers), and he was is stanch supporter of thd constitu-
tion in church and state. (Cheers.) 'Whilst, however, he sup-
ported them, he would with a friendly and judicious hand re-
move any imperfections which time or circumstances might
have introduced into our institutions, ever opposing any mea-
sure which might tend to endanger our matchless and unrivalled
constitution, or the integrity of the British empire. (Loud
cheers.) He was most -happy to find that they had another
good conservative in the field—a noble lord who, from his_
varied talents, his sound constitutional principles, and his large
possessions in this county, connected as they were with every
branch of industry, was without exception one of the best men
that could have been proposed to represent them in insrlianient.
(Cheers.) These candidates professed the principles under
which the country had prospered and been pre-eminently
blessed—principles under which our commerce and manufata
tures bad been extended beyond example—principles under
which men had risen from crumble stattims. by their talents,
their industry, their integrity, and their honourable ambition,
to the highest and most important offices in the state. (Cheers.)
Let it be recollected that at the present moment the country
numbered such a man among our brightest and most influential
public characters—a man from their own divisiou of the county.
(Loud cheers.) It had been urged that one of the represen-
tatives for the county ought to be the chosen guardian of the
commercial and manufacturing interests ("So he ought.")
It was the duty of every member on enterinc, the House of
Commons, to attend to the general interests' (loud cheers);
but he also begged to point to the state of the representation
in this county. The legislature had given them sixteen
representatives; fourteen of whom were apportioned to the
manufacturing and commercial towns (eleven to new ones)
leaving two as the representatives of the landed interest.
And be did not think it was presumptuous or ayergrasping to
ask for two out of sixteen to represent the interest and the poli-
tical opinions of the agricultural body. (Hear.) For, let it be
remembered, that the opinions which he professed were predo-
minant rat this county up to ,a very late period, and if he.might
jadge from the signs of the times they were likely very soon to
be so again. (Cheers.) The address of Sir Robert Peel
(groans and loud cheers) must be taken as a public declaration
of the system upon which the present ministers proposed to
carry ou the government, and he would say that they were en•
titled to the public confidence of every man who wished for the
happiness, the, prosperity, and the repose of England, (cheers,)
for Englisboen were tired Of agitation. (Continued cheers
and groans.) Of the late administration, however, another
View must be taken. When they quitted office all the nations
of Eirropeolook.ed up to this as ibe-butwarb--of their liberties. •
They looked to the people of England with confidence—he
might say with affection, remembering who it was that relieved
them from the iron grasp of France and Buonaparte. (Cheers.)
But mark the difference! When that administration went out
of office, every nation which had hitherto looked up to us with
respect regarded us with jealousy, suspicion, and, he might say,
with distrust. (Hear.) Then, again, let them look to Ireland.
(Cheers, and much confusion.) The whigs had told the
English people that the state of that country was owing, to the
misgovernment of this ; but they had been four years in office,
truckling to the agitators, with the bitterest enemies that this
country ever bad, and degrading and insulting The hest friends
of the connexion between the two, and the end of all was that
they had placed affairs in a more dangerous and critical situa-
tion than was ever kmaysi within the last half century. (Cheers.)
A struggle was now going on in England which ought not to be
regarded as a contest between tories and whigs; it was a strug-
gle for the life or death of the. constitution. (Cheers.) The
future destinies of England, her constitution and empire. were
now in the hands of the electors; the nation confidently looked
to the men of Lancashire, nobly and manfully to do their duty
to their country, (" We will!") and to show that they were un-
awed by the influence of any power. They looked to them man-
fully and loyally to answer the appeal which their good—their
patriot king had made to his people (cheers) for their protec-
tion and support in this awful crisis ; and lie trusted that by re-
turning conservative candidates they might be able to uphold
our matchless censtititution and the independence of the British
empire. (Loud cheers.)
• Mr. Moss (the banker) said that concurring as he did en-
timely with the sentiments of the last speaker, he had but few
words to add. Mr. Bootle Wilbraham was a gentleman highly
respected and esteemed in private life, and he thought that a as
the best criterion by which to judge of the purity of a man's
principles. (Cheers.) If he was a good husband, and a good
son, he was sure he would discharge honestly the duties; of a
member of parliament.—lle maintained that the lauded inte-
rest of this country ought not to be disregarded, and he could
riot see the propriety of 3.lanchester, which had already three
members,- being allowed to return four. (Loud cheers.) He
concluded by seconding. the nomination of Mr. Withrahain.
The High Sheriff having deniended whether there was any
other candidate to propose, and no persona responding,
Lord Mtir.v preemited himself. He was proud, because
having heen called forward by influential persons of the commu-
nity (`• No." and cheers) he again offered himself as a candi-
date for their suffrages ; and be was proud, also, because he had
been nominated and seconded by two of the most respectable
men in the county of Lancaster—(laughter and cheers)—two
menet* unblemished character, (hear,) the one respected, as
he always had been, in the capacity of a land-owner; the other,
a man whose name iu the commercial town of Liverpool had
for many years been connected with every thing mosty worthy and
moat respectable. (renewed laughter,) on 'Charle or in society.
( Increased laughter.) It was the duty of every person coming
again before his constituents to explain to them his past con-
duct, to declare boldly and fearlessly the principles upon which
he intends to act for the future. (Cheers.) When last he had
the honour of appearing before the electors of South Lancashire
it was iu consequence of the dissolution of Parliament caused

ME LIVERPOOL STANDARD.
