TO DOCTOR MURRAY, ROMAN CATHOLIC
ARCHBISHOP OF DUBLIN.

Dublin, July 9th, 1838.

Ste,—The liberties of the Roman catholics of Ireland is

subject that ought to be dear to every man who loves the
truth and loves his country. Ireland will always be enslaved
till her sons, the Roman catholics, are free. There are no
men on earth who are groaning under such an iron yoke;
the men are slaves, their wives are slaves, their daughters
are slaves, their sons are slaves, and their tyrants keep the
yoke that binds them so concealed that they are quite uncon-
scious of the slavery that oppresses them. It is " THE
MYSTERY OF INIQUITY" that holds them in her chains,
and therefore no wonder that they are ignorant of the yoke
she lays upon them—upon her forehead is written, as the
Word of God testifies—
"MYSTEßY, THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS

OF THE EARTH."

If protestants, bishops, clergy, statesmen, and all other
laymen are not stirred up to a spirit of faithful, honest, reso-
lute, christian fidelity and love for their Roman catholic
countrymen, they will be trodden to the dust, and they de-
serve to be so.
What is wanting for the Roman Catholics ?—LlBERTY—
liberty of conscience—liberty of heart—the liberty of ra-
tional immortal beings—a free Bible—free and full salvation
from a Crucified Redeemer. The glorious pardon of the ever-
lasting Gospel for them and for their children, that they and
we should be brought to love our Lord who died for us, and
to love one another No refuges of lies for their immortal
souls—no lying superstitions sold to them as means of salva-
tion—no secret prmcipels of accursed perjury instilled into
them out of Baillv and Dens in the confessional—no secret
!)'stem of obscure arid wretched tyranny in that infernal tri-
bunal from which priests are to run away when it is openly
mentioned in the ears of husbands, fathers, and brothers.
No atrocious principles of hatred and slaughter worse than
the oath of the Whitefeet or Ribbonmen, inculcated in secret
instructions or in commentaries on the Bible. None of these
things. I say, Sir, but Christian truth—Christian fidelity—
Chiistian love—salvation from the God of heaven and earth
for the Roman Catholics of Ireland. This is my doctrine,
Sir.

, This is the panacea for Ireland : That all her sons and
daughters should meet together as Christians, with the
Word and the salvation of their God as the pledge of their
Peace and the bond of their affection. Therefore those who
are the oppressors, the enemies of this, the plague, the curse
of their country, are' to be held up in the light of eternal
truth, and made a public example of to all the nation. The
People are to be appealed to, that they may see where the
truth is to be found.
Now I appeal to the people—l appeal to the Roman Ca-
tholics of Ireland—l call on them to judge between you and
whom tLey are taught to honour as a God—and
Ina, whom they are taught to despise and hate as their
pPenly—l call on them to judge—l appeal to them as their
encttheir true and faithful friend—as they will find if
, e
investigate the truth.
You have accused. me and my rev. friend, Dr. O'Sullivan,
;)f going to a distance.to stir up strife—of propagating false-
hoods concerning you—you have called us by various appella-
tions—such as • -smoking firebrands," &c. &c. 1 have given
you over and over an opportunity to appeal atrainst us to the
Homan Catholics thenaselves-1 have told you I was quite
ready to let my Roman Catholic Countrymjn judge of the
facts,. and pronounce upon them too. You
have fled from the
Roman Catholics—you have not ventured to stand in their
stand in their presence, nor to depute any one to do so for
you either in g
or ngland, Scotland,lreland. Now I submit
it to them, plainly, honestly, affectionately submit to my
countrymen, to pronounce in their
most fear that they shall detect
hi own hearts who exhibits
their enemy—the man who will on examination to be
invite them to hear and judge himP airily appeal to them, and
and his cause—or the man
who is
afraid
to
appeal
tothem.
Well, Sir, you have refused all appeal to the people—you
have refused to let the Roman Catholics hear an exposure of
of the secret system of iniquity which you and your brother
bishops set up for your priests, to drill consciences and
the consciences of their sons, their daughters, tf
p a orm was too mean and the public
a tribunal on which your dignity
could venture to descerd. Now, Sir, youhaye an opportu-
nity of appealing to the highest court of
judicature in the
empire. Let the people now see if You will try it.
You have read the letter which 1 took the liberty of ad-
dressing to the Duke of Wellington. Yaonu
Cobastehrovleicilhaeirtye
ofis not one charge brought against the itom Ireland I have nothing indeed to charge them •
look on them as the most injured and datle edpetowieiho—ounal
earth. lam only astonished, when I examine the a
principles of the men who are trained to stimulate them to
the evils they commit, that they are not ten times worse.
The poor Roman Catholics of Ireland, if common justice
was done to them, would be a quiet, inoffensive, contented
people. I firmly believe if they. had their children educated
in the Word of God, and Christian instructors instead of
anti-Christian teachers, that there would not be such a peo-
ple on the earth as the poor Roman Catholics of Ireland;
and, therefore, they are the more to be commiserated when
they are made the tools and slaves of persecutors and tyrants.
MY charges in my letter to the Duke of Wellington are
against you and your fraternity, the Itomish bishops. You
have read them—you know whether they are true or false;
and now I publicly demand of you, before the Roman Ca-
tholics of Ireland, if you know in the sight of God, at whose
bar you shall soon appear to give an account of the deeds
'lone in your body, that I have wronged you in any thing I
have there written, that you and your three suffragan bishops
I.t. this province will send up a petition to the House of
Lords, to summon me before its bar, mot there' to give you
and your suffragans, and all your bishops, an opportunity of
vindicating yourselves. Plea-d
your own cause—you will be
treated with all respect—or send over your instructions to
Hr. 0 Connell, and let him stand to plead your cause. Send
river your statutes and your directories since the year of the
concession of political power to you.
Let me see Mr. O'Connell dare to stand at the bar of the
[louse of Lords, with your letter to Lord Melbourne in his
'and, stating "you did nut make Dens a conference book,
ind that in fact you have no such book," while I have your
datutes and directories in my hand beside him.
Let me see him stand there, and dare to tell the British
House of Peers of the obsolete opinions of Dens's Theology
in intolerance and persecution, when I have your eighth
roluine of papal decretals, which you have dared to publish
is a part of that manual for your priests, with which to guide
he consciences of the people committed to their charge.
Let him dare to repeat his own false evidence as to the re-
4itution of forfeited property in Ireland, and as to the re-
istance. which the Roman Catholics would make to this, even
into blood, while he hears the papal deeretal for restitution
aid down as a law for his conscience by his bishops and his
)riests.

Let me hear him dare to prate of toleration, and the lying
iberalism with which he endeavours to gull the English Ea-
Heals and Dissenters, while he listens to the Papal Decretal
Or the extermination of heretics by his bishops, founded on
he 34 canon of the 4th Lateran, of which you and Dr. Doyle,
Lnd others, so conveniently contrived to deny even the ex-
stence.

Let me hear him dare to mock the British parliament with
its cant of justice for Ireland, and extending the privileges
,f the British constitution to the poor Homan catholics of
reland, while I hold in my hand the papal statute denouncing
611 the thunders of the Vatican—excommunication, infamy,
uspension, and degradation against himself and every one
rho dares to resist the mandates of Rome. I suppose he
ook a lesson in this from his confessor, when he threatens
rich infamy and death's head and cross bones the poor
(Oman catholic who will not vote as his priest commands
iim..

Let me hear him dare to parade before the British throne
he loyalty of himself and his bishops and priests to his so-
'ereign, while I shall read beside him the Bulla Cmnre
)oinitii and the Bull Pastor Bonus, which pronounces the
entente of excommunication against the Queen and all who
field authority under her—giving a plenitude of power to your
najor prenitentiarius (anti to you, if he pleases) to absolve
very traitor and villain in her empire from every crime he
anAsammit ; while she, as a heretic, fur the exercise of her
ieresy, must be reserved for the pope to intimate, I suppose,
hat he is the bead of all temporal authority, and that as he
vas blasphemously styled the Vicar of Christ, so he bias-
diemously assumes all power in heaven and earth.
Now, sir, I say, petition the Lords if you dare to do it.
.et Mr. O'Connell stand there as your advocate if he dares
a do it—if I state falsehoods. let me be convicted before the
[ation, and if not, let the poOr Homan Catholics of Ireland
Lie; to it. They are the persons that are grieved—they are
he men that are wronged--they are the poor people against
thorn this system of tyranny tells with terrible consequences
ef ore man or God, and cries from earth to Heaven against
hose who are theirspiritual tyrants.
This is the system of anti-Chuistian wickedness, which,
rom the secret. hiding places of its mysterious power, sends
arth its ministers and messengers ofsin and misery through
he land, poisoning all the springs of peace and mercy—
urdling the milk of human kindness in the breast of man to
is fellow-creature, from the cradle to the grave.
What wonder your iniquitous Board of Education shuts
at the Bible from the pour children of the Roman Catholics
f Ireland ? What wonder•they are to lie kept in ignorance
nd darkness? What wonder they are overrun with want
nd misery, and that strangers, Protestaets, with capital to
mploy them, and means to enlighten them, are shut out
not the land with lire and desolation? What wonder that
ley, a poor afflicted people, are kept groaning in bondage,
nd misery; anxious, poor souls, to work—driven from their
nines to seek the privilege of toiling in another land, while
3 eir own fertile soil is running to weeds and ruin around
tern, and they denied tile power of earning a subsistence
ithin the shores of [rebind, that Ireland may be kept in
avery and darkness, and they be driven to despair and
erdition by the cruelty of taskmasters, that thrive upon their
tnorance and misery, on their sufferings in time, and their
ain in eternity.
What has your Popish power done for the poor Roman
!atholics of 'lreland ?—put your finger on a village—show
to a hamlet, where the people have received'
food or raiment,
r a roof to their houses, ot a coat on their back, or s shoe
their feet. O'Connell has got into Parliament, and has
sons into Parliament and you and your priests have
lulcted the population of lieland to maintain him there—
)fr what ? that by one confederated tissue of public violation
. our solemn oaths you might all labour to
subvert the
rotestant Church, which you had all sworn that. you would'
''tither attempt to weaken or disturb—that you might shut
possibletn,lani every gleam of light and liberty from Ire-
; n ran
cei sink its wretched population deeper in guilt, iu
Hui the' in slavery, and in ruin.
rill
hbour t°nlan Catholics of Ireland are not fools: they
'eueve to 'hand live, and die for men whom they really
,eed -e their friends but when once their eyes are
✓xyed, ,112? e their confidence abused, their affection be
• that ot.",_:hat the men who will tell them their religion
✓um public
and of salvation, tremble and shrink back
'rincipie le exposure when called on to defend its secret
gill I,e s ,_(4 guilt, then the Roman Catholics of Ireland
tritighte.w"o are their real friends—the men who would
"those o those who would keep them in darkness
)r the iivi" wouldr give them and their children the word
he accursnei God, or those who would corrupt them with
,heraies iniquitous obscenities, superstitions and blas-
riclioui of Peter Dens—those who would give them the
here
liberty of the Gospel, or those who would enslave
: hhe iron yoke of the laws and dec-etals of the in-
-11,1660n—those who would appeal- to their. own consciences
nditidgments, or those who fly from that appeal—those who
'01541 defend the truth they teach before any tribunal upon
4rth, or those who, in shrinking from the light, the scrutiny,
10. judgment of their fellow men, give an awful earnest io
len. followers that they shall fly howling to call upon the
fountains to fall on them. anti the rocks to cover them to
ide them from the presence and the judgment of the living
ted.

May God forgive you—may Gail enlighten you—may God
eltver your soul before it is too late.
Now, Sir, the Roman Catholics of Ireland expect to see
ou vindicate the principles that are to govern theirconscien-
es at the bar of the House of Lords.
am' Sir, a sincere, faithful, aid I hope unalt.rabie
lead, to the best interests of the Roman Catholics of Ire-
R. J. M.GitEE,
Minister of Harold's-cross Church, Dublin.

"RA, coNtmisstorc.—Mr. Charles Waterton, the author
r
s►ome works on natural history, in an account of his family,
us us that one of his ancestor, in the time of Henry IV.,
was sent into France by the King, with orders to contract
r()Yal marriage, and was allowed thirteen shillings a day
r his trouble and travelling expenses."
A gentleman wishing to train his new man-servant to a
ureet performance of domestic etiquette, having had great
ttie to complain of his uncouthness, desired him to bring
el-N thing upon a waiter, unless he was told to dispense
ith that ceremonial. John very carefully observed the
ecept for a time; at last, one day, he was directed to bring
the music-stool and in he Caine with the article-,-upon his
Siteri ! Just as' he entered the room, it tumbled off, to
4in's chagrin, who excliirned,—" Dan,* it! I thowt it
ould tumble !" •
• • .

FRIDAY MORNING, JULY 13, 1838

('''. The Publication of the STANDARD commenced this

morning at 5 o'clock.

THE WEST INDIES.— By her Majesty's packet
Nightingale we have received advices and papers from

the island of Jamaica to the lst of June, from Barba-
does to the 28th of May, from Demerara to the 17th
of May, and St. Thomas's to the 10th of June, with
corresponding dates from the smaller Leeward Islands.
These arrivals have become intermediate, in conse-
quence of those received by way of New York, which
we published in our last.
In all the small Leeward Islands the negroes conti-
nued tranquil, but in Trinidad the weather had not
been favourable to the crops. In Demerara, however,
there was a strong demonstration for the immediate
abolition of the apprenticeship system, which, how-
ever, is only defended on the warranty that there is a
constitutional difference between the population of the
continent of British Guiana and the smaller islands
respectively. It is argued that British Guiana is pe-
culiarly situated and circumstanced as respects the
measure of apprenticeship—that other colonies, hav-
ing a superabundant population, could regulate the
supply and demand for labour by giving the free la-
bourers the option of transferring their services to
another market. In British Guiana it is said that the
case is the very reverse, and that the continuance of
the apprenticeship to its entire legal term is as desira-
ble for the labourer as for the employer.
Extracts from the various papers will be found in
another column. They abound in speculations as to
the probable result of immediately terminating the
period of negro apprenticeship. As far as we can
judge, from the tone of the various journals before us,
we are led to•anticipate the most ruinous consequences
from the system of free labour, unless laws are passed
for regulating the rate of wages, which we have no
doubt will occupy the attention of the local legisla-
tures.

RIBBONISM IN IRELAND.—When O'Connell ob-
served in the House of Commons, a few evenings
ago, that Ireland was on the eve of a rebellion—that
if tithes were not extinguished there would be an
in-
surrection, it was quite evident that he spoke from a
knowledge of the secret machinations now at work
among the Popish population of the sister island, the
object of which mysterious plotting is, the subversion
of the Protestant Church, and the destruction of Bri-

tish influence. His knowledge on this subject was
palpably derived from his connection with the Ribbon
conspiracy, of the proceedings of which body he has
repeatedly avowed his cognisance. When it suited
the purpose of this wily demagogue, he did not hesi-
tate to proclaim the danger which existed of a fearful
outburst of rebellion ; but when he had an object to
gain by maintaining the contrary, he was equally
ready to deny the existence of Ribbonism in Ireland.
This is blowing hot and cold with a vengeance; but
it is quite in keeping with the usual candour of the
•` member for all Ireland."-

On Tuesday evening last, Mr. Serjeant Jackson
alleged that the Ribbon conspiracy was widely spread-
ing—that there was danger of insurrection in every
quarter—•that the executive authority in Ireland not
only allowed the law. to be violated, but promoted
those who habitually set it at defiance—and that the
government of Ireland had been virtually invested in

the hands of O'Connell. He stated these facts as
grounds of serious apprehension. But O'Connell
will not allow any one but himself to be an alarmist.
He will not permit any one else to intimidate the
House of Commons. Accordingly, we find that he
promptly denied the existence of the Ribbon conspi-
racy, asserting that it " was strangled at the present
moment"—that he had a " good right to know" that
this was the case—and that the new police had mainly
contributed to its suppression. This statement is sin-
gularly at varianc? with the assertion, made a few
evenings before, that Ireland was, at the present
moment, ready for a rebellion. But we know what
value to place upon the protestations of O'Connell,
when we find him declaring, in the course of the very
same speech, that the Ribbon conspiracy " did exist a
year ago to a very formidable extent," and when we
contrast this extorted confession with his strenuous

enial of the same fact, only a year ago. On the
subject of the Ribbon conspiracy we find the following

very apposite remarks in the Standard of Wednes-
day :—" Last year we were guilty of a travesty of
one of Pope's best lines into very bungling verse—

" 'There never are but always have beet;:llibbonmen:
The truth must atone for the clumsiness of this profa-
nation of the Muse of Twickenham. We think that
we could undertake to quote from Mr. O'Connell's
speeches during twenty years, an annual acknowledg-
ment that Ribbonmen had existed the year before, al-
ways accompanied by an assurance that it was since

dead and gone, 'suppressed,' or 'strangled,' or some
such thing ; but still Ribbonism appears the following
year, though it always, like the mythological type of
drunkenness and flame, undergoes a year's conceal-
ment before its appearance. Last year Mr. O'Con-
nell admits Ribbonism to have been alive and active,
though he limits its activity to the city which, through
the votes of Ribbonmen, he misrepresents. Now it
happens fortunately for us, that last year was just the
season at which we gave most attention to the subject,
and last year it was that the Morning Chronicle,
Globe, &c., poured upon us all the phials of their con-
tumely for daring to assume that there were then any
Ribbonmen in Ireland. What have our contempora-
ries to say now in reply to Mr O'Connell ? We pray
of them not to be silent. Mr. O'Connell boasts of his
intimate acquaintance with the Ribbon conspirators,
and taunts Mr. Sergeant Jackson as not so deep in
their secrets. This is all right enough ; but to sup-
pose that Mr. O'Connell knows the truth, and that Mr.
O'Connell tells the truth, are very different things.
The Ribbon conspiracy is now commensurate with the
whole political Roman Catholic party in Ireland,
amounting, probably, to half-a-million of conspirators
—it has also branches in Glasgow, Manchester, Liver-
pool, and London ; but in the metropolis, at least, they
do not thrive. Indeed, the Ribbon-lodges have gene-
rally failed in Great Britain, except at Glasgow. We
hope that Mr. Jackson's hint is preparatory to a dis-
tinct motion upon the subject."
Cordially do we join in the hope that the Ribbon
system may be brought under the notice of the House
of Commons in a tangible shape. The loyal Orange-
men--the only safeguards of British influence in Ire-
land—have been overhauled. Let equal justice be
done to the traitorous Ribbonmen. Let the ramifica-
tions of this infamous confederation be strictly investi-
gated. We feel assured that a searching parliament-
ary committee would soon find that O'Connell chiefly
holds sway by his connection with the very body whose
existence he denies.

THE POSTOFFICE.—A short bill has just been in

troduced into the House of Commons, under the aus,
vices of the Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr.
Baring, " for the better government of Her Majesty's
Postoffice." It proposes to do away with the office
of Postmaster-General, and to place the whole busi-
ness, hitherto transacted under his superintendence,
in the hands of commissioners, of whom there are
three to be appointed. The first clause in the act
empowers Her Majesty to appoint these commission-
ers, and enacts that all their proceedings shall be as
valid and effectual to all intents and purposes, as if
the same had been done by the Postmaster-General,
in the discharge of his official duties. The second
clause states that the salaries of these commissioners
shall not exceed or be larger in amount than those
granted to the commissioners for the management of
the land revenues of the erown, woods, forests, &c.
Thus three additional offices have been created for the
purpose of compensating those individuals who have
been disappointed of promotion on the occasion of the
coronation. Nothing can be done by these insatiable
Whigs without patronage. Since their accession to
office they have multiplied situations, under the corn-
missionership system, to an extent unparalleled under
any preceding administration. We shall be curious
to see who are to benefit by this new scheme. We
dare say they will proVe to be some waverers in the
House of Commons, whom ministers have found it
necessary to seduce into a closer connection with
themselves, and whose influence and votes are requi-
sites not to be dispensed with at any price whatever.
The third clause of this bill enacts, that the commis-
sioners are to act in accordance with the directions of
the Commissioners of the Treasury. This would make
it appear that government meditates some improve-
ment in the mode of conducting the businesS of the
Postoffice. If such be their intention, why not at
once introduce a bill for completely reforming the
system. A parliamentary committee has been sitting
for some time, and has collected a mass of evidence on

the subject which is quite sufficient as the basis of a
legislative enactment. The country loudly calls for
some change in the administration of the affairs of the
Postoflice, which is felt to be one of the greatest prac-

tical grievances with which Great Britain has ever
been afflicted.

The fourth clause in the bill empowers the Lords of

the Treasury to alter the number of commissioners
which by this act are appointed for conducting the bu-
siness of the Postmaster-General. This clause is
surely superfluous, unless it may be construed so as to
give Lord Melbonine and his associates the power to
increase the number of commissioners—the only al-
ternative likely to be resorted to by the present imma-
culate administration. To imagine that a whig minis-
try would reduce the number of these new officials, is
to indulge in an unvvairantable freak of the imagina-
tion.

The fifth clause enacts, that the commissioners are
to be subject to the provisions of all acts relating to
the Postmaster-General; and the last clause makes
one of the commissioners—the one first appointed—
eligible to sit and vote in the House of Commons.
Notwithstanding that this clause precludes the rest of
the commissioners from being members of the House
of Commons, we are still of opinion that the scheme
is hatched for the purpose of rewarding certain parties
who are at present in the House, and who may give
their influence in favour of ministerial nominees as
their successors. We should not be at all surprised if
one of the vacancies thus created will be occupied by
Mr. Babington Macauley—that is, if a constituency
can be found who will listen to his claims. Ministers
are sadly in want of a little more talent in the House
of Commons, and the ex-member for Leeds will prove
an acceptable auxiliary.

THE CORN LAWS.—In the Mercury of Friday last
there appears an article on the subject of the corn
laws, in reply to some remarks on the same subject
which appeared in the Standard some four months
ago. The Mercury characterises the article to which
it has thus attempted a reply as "flippant and superfi-
cial." By so designating it the venerable editor of
that curious melange pays a very sorry compliment to
his own reasoning powers. If he possessed any dex-
terity in argument, it surely would not require the
intense study of four months which he has bestowed
upon this very original article, to produce a reply to
the Standard. We suspect that the sapient senior
editor has found the remarks which appeared in the
Standard to be any thing but "flippant and superfi-
cial."

But what sort of answer to our argument has the
Mercury produced after such arduous study and pre-
paration? It surely abounds with deep research, close
reasoning, and such an appeal to statistical facts as
renders its effect perfectly irresistible. Nothing of
the'kind. The reply of the Mercury is the most di_
luted nonsense that we have ever met with—excepting
in its own columns. The "article prepared for seve-
ral months" is composed of a short axiomatic quota-
tion from "Dr. Adam Smith," and then a longer para-
graph from `• Smith's Wealth of Nations," followed by
as thumping a lie as could be compressed within four

lines from the Sun. Then we have sitcdry sage re-
marks from the great man of the Mercury. We pre-
sume at least that they must be sage, inasmuch as we
have found them to be perfectly incomprehensible. In
the course. of this " literary curiosity," which has been
thus brought to light after a four months' gestation,
we find the name of Adam Smith perpetually recur-
ring as the authority for most of the statements ad-
duced in reply to the Standard. In fact the quota-

tions from "Smith's Wealth of Nations," the " Mark
Lane Express," and a petition of some London mer-
chants, form the staple of the Mercury's arguments.
But such as the article is, we shall proceed to notice
a few of its statements in detail. The Mercury says
that "the country ought instantly to forward petitions
to Parliament for the abolition of these odious, cruel,
and impolitic restrictions on a free trade in the most
important article of 'lnman consumption." But the
country will not forward any petitions worth speaking
of on the subject, and for this obvious reason, that
these restrictions are deemed any thing but "cruel,
odious, and impolitic." That this is the prevalent
feeling throughout the country we shall prove on the
authority of the Mercury itself, which bewails in the
most pathetic language the impossibility of rousing

o people to petition for the abolition of the corn

laws. The Mercury states " that in the year 1815
Liverpool set a memorable example which ought to be
generally, followed throughout the country." This
" memorable example" was the sending up of a peti-

tion, signed by no fewer than 47,868 names, against
what is termed the corn law monopoly. We give
these numbers on tie authority of the Mercury,
which further states that "it consisted of two hundred

and eighty-nine skins of parchment, and measured
210 yards in length." Now, the population of

the town has been more than doubled since that
period, and, as we like to be particular, we will just
state what sort of petition ought now to be sent on
the same subject, if the people of Liverpool consider
these laws to be " cruel, odious, and impolitic." Such
a petition ought now to be signed by at least 05,736
persons, (we shall not say names, which is a Mercurial
idiom,) and it should consist of 578 skins of parch-
ment, and measure 420 yards in length. Is Liverpool
prepared to forward such a petition ? Let the expe-
rience of last year answer, when a petition was sent
from this populous town, praying for the abolition of
the corn laws, signed by about seven thousand per-
sons ! Why, we venture to say that we could procure
a petition as numerously signed, praying the legisla-
ture to provide paper kites and cork jackets for all the
vessels in port ! It is pure nonsense to pretend that
the people of Liverpool, any more than the inhabitants
of other great towns in the country, have any desire
for the removalsof the restrictions upon the importa-
tion of foreign corn into Great Britain. As to the
ten millions composing the agricultural population,
and those immediately depending upon that class, we
feel confident that all the agitation in the world would
not procure from them more than a few thousand sig•.
natures to any such petition. So much for the feeling
of the country on this subject. The Mercury will find
it utterly impossible to create any thing like a sensa-
tion in favour of its crotchet.

To account for the `• apparently passive acquies-
cence of the middle and labouring classes in the ex-
isting system of laws regulating the price of the staff
of life," the Mercury adduces two reasons—" an almost
uninterrupted succession of abundant harvests with
which the country has been blessed," and the total
cessation from foreign wars. What the latter has to
do with the subject we cannot divine, and as to the
former reason, we venture to say that it is based in a
fallacy. So fai from our having been blessed with an
uninterrupted succession of abundant harvests we
shall prove, we hope to the satisfaction of the Mercury,
that we have not even had a succession of average
crops for any considerable number of years. We
quote the following statement of the nature of the
seasons from an elaborate table, compiled by G. N.
Driver, Esq., which appears in the Farmer's Mag,razine
of this month—premising that this magazine is pub-
lished at the office of the illark Lane Express, a
favourite anthority with the Mercury. In 1790-2
there were favourable seasons ; the same in 1793 ; in
1794-5 a deficient crop ; in 1796-8 seasons less
unfavourable; in 1799-1800 bad seasons; in 1801 a
good crop; in 1802-3 an average crop; in 1804-7
a deficient crop; in 1808 a partial deficiency; in
1809, a great deficiency; in 1810, a good crop; in
1811, a deficiency ; in 1812-13, a favourable crop; in
1814, nearly an average crop; in 1815, a full average
crop; in 1816, a great and general deficiency; in
1817-18, not exceeding an average crop; in 1819,
somewhat below an average crop; in 1820, exceeding
an average crop; in 1821.2, an average crop; in 1823,
scarcity; in 1824, average; in 1825, nearly an aver-
age; 1.826-7, average crop; in 1828, scarcity; in 1829,
average; in 1830, full average; in 1831, nearly an
average; in 1832-4, above an average crop; in 1835,
considerably above an average ; in 1836, above an
average; and in 1837, under an average.
We have thus disposed of the question of abundant
crops. We shall touch upon the remaining points in
the Mercury on Tuesday.

The Rev. Robert Martindale, assistant minister of St.
Katherine's Church, Tranmere, has accepted the senior
curacy of Sandbach, Cheshire, on the nomination of the
reverend the vicar.

A collection at St. Jude's Church, on Sunday evening, in
aid of the funds of the Church of England School Society,
amounted to £55. 16s. It is understood that there will be no
public meeting this year.
LAUNCH OF THE BAHIANA.—The second vessel for the
line of steam-packets on the coast of Brazil, was launched
on the 10th instant by Messrs. Humble and Milcrest, and is
called the Bahiana, from the port of Bahia beini, the first at
which the packets are to touch after leaving Rio de Janeiro.
The Bahiana will proceed in a few days to join the St.
Sebastian, at Hawardeu, on the River Dee, to take her
engines on board.
$ The total abstinence societies of Liverpool are to hold their
festival during the ensuing week. The procession will take
place on Wednesday. We understand that the Bishop of
Norwich has been invited to preside on Thursday in the
Royal Amphitheatre, on which and the' following evening
they are to hold concentrated meetings.
QUICK DESPATCH.—The American ship Westchester,
Captain Ferris, which left Liverpool for New York on
the 24th April. arrived here on the 27th ult., after lying 23
days in New York—making the two passages in 40 days.
FIRE WORKS.—Some of our contemporaries erroneously
gave credit of the superb display of fire-works which took
place on the evening of the coronation day at the ltectoi's
field, Faulkner-street, and which excited such general admi-
ration, to a Mr. Winterburn. We are requested to state
that the pyrotechnic display in question was prepared solely
by Mr. D'Ernst, of London, who was specially employed by
the Town Council for that occasion. 111 r. D'Ernst is, we
believe, unrivalled as an artist in this department. He was
employed by the government to furnish the fire-works which
were exhibited at the Palace in the Green Park on the 28th
ult.,ior the amusement of her Majesty and the Royal party.
It is only an act of justice to make this announcement.
THE ZOOLOGICAL, GARDENS.—Last evening, Mr. Atkins
had another exhibition at the Zoological Gardens, which
were again very fully attended. The splendid eruption of
Mount Vesuvius was repeated. We heard nothing around
in the crowded garden but expressions of surprise, admira-
lion, and delight. The exhibition is growing in favour,
though the novelty to many is wearing off; and it promises
to be a standing favourite throughout the season.
OPENING OF RAINHILL UHUIICH.—We understand that
this church will be opened for divine service on Thursday
next, the 19th instant, when a sermon will he preached by
the Rev. the Vicar of Prescot, and when a collection will be
made in aid of the said church. Divine service will com-
mence at eleven o'clock in the forenoon.

THE (THE ROYAL.—Last evening Mademoiselle Taglioni
took her benefit, and had an exceedingly good house. After
the laughable extravaganza of " Bombastes Furioso,"
Mademoiselle Taglioni astonished the audience by her sylph-
like and beautiful dancing. During the evening she danced
several elegant and striking figures; the minuet, with which
she concluded her exertions, was chastely beautiful. This
evening, Sir Edward Lytton Bulwer's new play, "The
Lady of Lyons," is to be again brought out.
At the annual meeting of the proprietors of the Athermum,
on Tuesday, a motion was made for rescinding a resolution
passed in July, 1836, for closing the news-room on Sundays,
between half-past ten and one o'clock in the fore part of the
day, and the library till five o'clock in the evening. The
motion was lost by 64 to 53. In 1836, the numbers were 64
to 59, showing a considerable improvement in the state of
opinion amongst the proprietors, which we hope will have
the effect of preventing any attempts in future to disturb this
very proper arrangement.
NATIONAL LOAN FUND ASSOCIATION.—By the-parlia-
mentary proceedings, we perceive thatthe national loan fund
bill passed the House of Commons, on Monday evening, by
109 to 38. As it is not probable that the bill will meet with
much opposition in the House of Lords, this very important
scheme will, therefore, shortly come into operation. The bill
gives to creditors a right of action against the company in
its collective capacity, and to partners a right of action
against each other

'NEV WESLEYAN CHAPEL.—On Monday evening, the
foundation stone of a new Wesleyan Methodist chapel, about
to be erected in Great Homer-street, was laid by the Rev.
Theophilus Lessey, Superintendent of the Liverpool North
Circuit, in the presence of a large concourse of people.
After an impresive prayer by the Rev. Mr. Hurt, Mr. Lessey
performed the ceremony of laying the stone, and then deli-
vered the most eloquent and animated address, detailing the
circumstances which imperatively called for the erection of
this chapel, concluding by solemnly invoking the Divine
blessing on the important undertaking. This chapel is
mainly intended to supply the place of the one in Leeds-
street, which is about to be taken down, the state of the
neighbourhood having latterly been found a serious objection
to the majority of persons attending that place of worship.
Accommodation, however, will still be afforded in an adjoin-
ing school-room, which is capable of holding► about 400 per-
sons, and where Divine service will be celebrated in every
way as it now is in the chapel. From the plans and eleva-
tions prepared by Mr. Rowland, the architect, the building
is likely to prove a great ornament to the neighbourhood.
An interesting ceremony took place at St. Peter's Church,
on Tuesday, in the christening of the youngest son of our
marine-surveyor, Captain Denham, R.N. It will be recol-
lected by many, that when the British Association for the
advancement of science were proceeding, via Liverpool, to
Dublin, in August, 1835, it was thought a 'commemorative
opportunity with reference to Captain Denham's surveys
and throwing open the new channel to night-and-day inter-
course at all hours of tide, to baptise his infant son in the
waters of that channel, upon which occasion, the officiating
minister, Professor Sedgwick, delivered a must soul-stirring
sermon as the William Penn bore her way to Dublin. Sir
John Tobin stood sponsor, by proxy, for the Earl of Mount-
norris, and Mr. Samuel Turner, the Bank of England resi-
dent-director, stood second sponsor for the infant Chi istian.
As, however, his lordship wished particularly to be present
at the final christening, but, from a variety of interruptions,
could only fulfil it at this date, little Annesley (his lordship's
family name) Turner Denham was on Tuesday formally
christened at the parish church wherein he was bOrn, by the
Rev. Mr. Houghton, in the presence of the Earl, Sir John
Tobin, and Mr. Turner, and of his keenly appreciating
parents, on beholding their child at once received into the
church under most interesting associations, and completing
a registration which will permit him to take up the freedom
conferred upon his father, if spared to maturity. A large
party met at Captain and Mrs. Denham's to dinner, to meet
the noble and revered sponsors.
TESTIMONIAL TO A CLERGYMAN.—We stated a few weeks
ago that the Rev. Sharp Mossop, curate of Croston, had on
the preceding sabbath preached his farewell sermon previous
to his removal to Tunstall, and that he carried with him the
esteem and good wishes of his late numerous congregation.
In proof this we may state, that the reverend gentleman has
within the last few days been presented by the Rev. S.
Master, rector of Croston, with a. very handsome and valu-
able inkstand, bearing the following inscription :—The Rev.
Streynsham Master, to the Rev. Sharp Mossop, in grateful
remembrance of his zealous and faithful attention to his
ministerial duties. Croston, 1838." From the rector's lady
and other members of the family, he was presented with a
very beautiful pocket Sacramental Service, and a splendidly
bound copy of the Holy Scriptures. accompanied by a highly
gratifying note. The esteem however, in which Mr. Mossop
was held was not confined to the breast of the worthy rector
and his amiable family, but extended throughout the whole
parish. Previous to taking his departure, he was presented
with a costly, and very beautiful silver tea-pot, containing a
complimentary inscription.--Cumberland Pacquet.---tThe
reverend gentleman is brother to Mr, Mossop of this town,—
E. L. S.]
