LOCAL NEWS.

DISTRESSED POOR.—The Her. Hugh M‘Neile has received
the sum of fire pound, in aid aihe collection fur the poor made
iu St. Jude's Church on Sunday last, from a member of the
congregation, who was hindered front attending the church on
the occa ion. and who has not given his nam.. Also, five
p.unds from another seal-holder, who says, `t if the n-•cessities
of the poor continue I will repeat if." This makes a total of
contritoition towards the present distress, from the congrega-
tion of St. Jude's Church, of two hundred and two pounds, three
shillings, and a penny.
MR. BROWN'S CONCERT.—'Phis unrivalled flutist has an-
nounced his intention of giving a public concert, on the 13th of
March. The whole musical talent of the town have volunteered
their services, as a proof of the esteem in which this .-r,entletnan
is held by the whole of the profession. We hope the public of
Liverpool will also express their approbation of Mr. Brown's
talents by a very numerous attendance.
THE RECOMMENDATION OF NEW MAGISTRATES.—An ob-
server has described to us Mr. Walmsley's lookesoithelevated
eyes he surveyed the top of the council room on Wednesday,
during the cruel and slow process of blackballing him for a
magistrate, as most pathetic ! As the Mayor was ticking d,,wn
the names ballotted for poor Walmsley was evidently suffering
the tic doloureux.

THE SESSIONS.—The Intermediate Sessions for this borough
will be held on Wednesday next, the 28th inst., before Jahaes
Clarke, Esq. Recorder.
We have pleasure in referring to an advertisement of -Dr.
Epps'friends in this day's STANDARD intimating that ihat
instructive, amusing, and talented gantlema❑ is to deliver
another lecture on Monday evening, at the Music-hall, when
the lovers of physiology and amusing instruction will have a
gratification arising out of the doctor's illustrations on impor-
tant subjects Collnected with human life.
THROWING ASH ES INTO THE STREETS.—Yesterday at the
Police-office, informations were laid against a number of per-
sons for throwing ashes into the streets; the parties were seve-
rally fined in small amounts. It is to be hoped that by the
vigilance of the police in laying informations against every
person so offending a stop will be put to this nuisance.
Some of the streets in the town, from this cause, are said to be
as bad as the old town of Edinburgh.
ROYAL Atu PH ITnEATRE.—The spirited proprietor of this
popular place of amusement has announced his intention to
open the theatre on Saturday afternoon, at two o'clock. for the
convenience of those persons who reside in the country. The
performance will consist chiefly of equestrian exercises, which
are arranged under the especial direction of Mr. Ryan. The
attendance during the past week has been very good ; the
pieces have been selected with great taste, and received with
almost universal favour. 'Tour juvenile friends it would prove
a.rich treat. The beauty of the horses, richly caparisoned, and
the splendour of the pageants, would excite their admiration,
whilst the mimicry of the clowns would provoke them to laugh-
ter, which Dr. Epps, the celebrated lecturer mi physiology,
demonstrates is good for their health.

RELIEF of THE foot:.—We understand that the congrega'-
tion of St. Simon's Chapel, Sir Thomas'-buildiugs, have made
a liberal collection for, the purpose of providing the poor of the
neighbourhood with soup, bread, and coals. The district is one
which presents a truly awful amount of destitution and suffering.
We are sorry to learn that the funds provided for this charitable.
object are nearly exhausted, whilst the demands upon them are
daily increasing. The soup is prepared at the house of the re-
spected minister, the Rev. U. S. Joseph, who superintends its
distribution.

THE NORTH-WEST LIGHT SHIP.—A correspondent of the
Met Gary has drawn attention to the praiseworthy conduct of
Captaiu Denham, on the occasion of the nolfh west light-ship
having been injured by a❑ American packet, running foul nf
her. By the energetic activity of Captain Denham, it appears,
that a substitute for the light-ship was moored at the station in
an incredibly short space of time after the accident happened.
When we consider the assistance of this beacon to the safety
of an immense sum of life and property which might be lost in
a fee, hours, and that it was altogether owing to an accident to
this very light-ship that the melancholy loss of the Lady
Blaney took place, we must feel that the promptitude and
energy of Captain Denham on this occasion is beyond all
p raise.

THE STEAMER URGENT.—We understandsome observations
have been made on the subject of the Urgent having put into
Holyhead during a heavy gale on the night of the 15th or 16th
inst. Captain Emmerson is well known as a bold and expe-
rienced commander, and his vessel has ihe character of being
equal to the best of those that ply from the port. It is some-
what surprising that any animadversions should have •been
made on the conduct that entitles Captain Eirimeison to the
highest praise. When life and property `are at stake it becomes
a positive crime to run any unnecessary risks. The passengers
who were in the Urgent on then ightin question, seem to have bc•ii
precisely of our opinion. On their arrival at Holvhead they
formed themselves into a coin Mittee, and sent the gallant captain
a most flattering written testimonial of their sense of his " zea-
lous, seamanlike, and judicious conduct, accompanied by a re-
quest that the agent would refund to Cap:ain Eirdnerson the
amount of their passage-money for a small piece of plate, to
commemorate their sense of his services, and their gratitude
and esteem towards him.

MEETING IN ST. PAUL'S WARD FOR THE RELIEF OF THE
DisTutissEn l'oon.—On Tuesday a meeting of the principal in-
habitants of St. Paul's Ward was bell at the Galileo Fleece'
Inn, Oldhall-street, to take into considevation the most efficient
means of alieviating the distress which ut present prevails to so''
lamentable an extent among the labouring poor of the ward.
On the motion 01 Christopher Rawdon, Esq. John Barton. Esq.
was called to the chair. Residutlops were moved and attain-

mously adopted, uplMulti ig Mi. Nicholson, treasurer, and no-
minating- a committee of 24 gentlemen to carry the objects of
the meeting into effect in the several districts which were
allotted to them. A subscription was entered into in the room,
and £5O. collected. The following gentleineu consented to re-

ceive subscriptions. Mr. Gerard;Oldhall-street; Mr. liitits;m,
Pownail-square.; Mr. Clinnimt, Vauxhall-road; and Mr.
Thomason, Tithebarn-street. We sincerely trust that the ex
ample set by the gentlemen of St. Paul's Ward will be Billowed
in all the other Wards. Since the meeting, we understand the
subscriptions have Leen raised to the aumuitt of £125.

COTTON SPINNING AT LlvEupooL.—Many of our readers are
robably aware that a large mill, for the spiuning'of cotton yarn
has recently been erected on the canal bank, at the north end
of the town. It has been built by Mr. Aspituall Turner. of
Manchester, and is the first that has been erected in Liverpool.
it is, therefore, somewhat of an experiment, but from the cheap-
ness of fuel, the goodness of the situation, anti the abundance
of hands at the north end of the town, one that has every pros-
pect of success. The mill is on such a scale as to enable the
spirited proprietor to try the experiment fairly,, anti should it
succeed, it is probable that it will be greatly enlarged. At pre-
sent the machinery is worked by eugines of 160 horse power.
It is all of the newest and most improved desciiption.
tartile already
enfinished
same
ish,t hundredsmill, we
übnelireves that it will give eniployineat to
autpid.
wards of a thousand.
THE OILE4T COURSING MKETING.—The expected run forthe
Great Lancashire Cup remains still in embryo, the promoters
of the meeting, viz. the South Lancashire Club, havingdeemed
it expedient to still further postpone the contest, it is said, to
this day; but more probably till they have a chance, that is
to say, when the ground becomes less crusty, for it is impossible
to indulge in the sport while the frost continues: 'Through
Murphy not giving the doyonians the weather he promised last
week, the sportsmen do not seem disposed to put much con&
deuce in his future auguties; and some have beet) so spiteful as
to declare that, instead of an .able commentator on the seasons,
he is nothing but a vile Murphy, or rather a common-tutor from
the sod.—There has been very little betting, nor is much ex-
pected till a greater certaipty prevails about the sport routing
off. [We hear that the meeting is fixed fur to-day
THE LIVERPOOL ANTI-SLAVERY MEETINGS.—We stated• in
a paragraph in our last Friday's paper, that the Liverpool Anti-
slave' y Society had determined to publish Mr. Blackburne's
speech in the Council, on the apprenticeship system, together
with a report of the speeches at the anti-slavery meetings held
on the .19th and '2oth of December last, and added, that we hop-
ed the Anti-slavery Society would have the honesty to acknow-
ledge its obligations to the Livlia Poor. STANDARD, that being
the only newspaper in which anything like a correct anti full
report of the speeches had appeared. On this paragraph the
Courier of Wednesday remarks, " We think the suggestion a
good one; and, as a beginning, we hope the STANDARD will
acknowledge' that the only correct aud full report which it
contained of the meeting of the 19th of Dec. was copied verba-
tim from the Liverpool_ Courier." We like the modesty of our
contemporary amazingly. He preaches well, but knows not
how to practise. When he acknowledges that the only report
of the meeting of the 20th Dec., which adorned his pages the
week after was copied from the STANDARD, we will acknowledge
that a purl of his report of the 19th of Dec. greatly amplified by
us, was inserted in the STANDARD.
WRECK oP THE JOHN STAmP, EAST INDIAMAN.—During
the gale on Thursday last, the John' Stamp, from Bombay to
Liverpool, belonging to Newcastle owners, went to pieces off
the coast of Newly. Twenty-une of a crew were on bound,
seven of whom were drowned. About 2000 bales of cotton hate
been saved front the wreck. Captain Pain, the master, was
expected in Liverpool on Sunday evening, by his friends, who
had prepared a grand simper tot hint. anticipating his return on
that day, from the vessel 'having been telegraphed off Holyhead.
It is not known whether the captain is saved.
DREA DFUL ACCIDENT AT KNOWSLEY.-01/ 111011,1aV after-
noon, a shocking accident occurred at the seat of the Earl of
Derby. at Knowsley. It appears, that the gamekeepers had
returned home from a shouting ekeursion, and were about laying
by their guns for the day, some of which were in the new room,
appropriated for the set vents, when suddenly they heard a loud
report from the gun-room. Immediately a person came in to
say, that Scotch Jack (meaning one of the Knowsley game.
keepers) had shot Mouthy. The parties immediately wentt to
ascertain the cause of the report, when they found Timothy
staggering and apparently shot. Ile shortly afterwards sank
senseless to the flour and expired. The deceased and the
pri-
soner, by whose hand he met his death, were upon the best
terms, and the accident was caused by Scotch Jack's holding
the gun in the bend of the arm, the muzzle down ; but .another
gamekeeper coining up, and seizing hold of him, by accident
caused the piece to rise, and the friction of the arm upon' the
trigger caused it to go off. A surgeon was sent for immediately
after
Itnhe an azisdeedn ti;
obutexistis s
abieursvc
tiienss
instantly
e of no avail,
a'eurtly
after
pour resetting
the
contents of the fowling•piece.
ATnoctous MtatnEn IN THE IsI.EoF MAN.—On Wednesday
morning a young man was clearing a gorse fence on the estate
of Brockennion, near the Union Mills, Isle of Man,
and adjoin-
ing the mato road, when he discovered the body of a man lying
by the side of a hedge. Being inusit alarmed be ran for assist-
ance, which ha iing, been procured, the body was removed into
a public house close by, kept by Mr. Gilbertson, where, attery,
being washed, it was recognised to he that of a weaver teamed'
Wilson, a native of Yorkshire, and lately employed at the
woollen mills of Mr. Stevenson of Ballarhoole.,in Kirk Patrick.
The body exhibited many proofs ii violence, particular ly about
the head, which left no doubt of his having been murdered.—
The atrocity of the crime produced the greatest excitement in
the island, where no murfleiihas been committed for fifty years.
An inquest was held on the body, which was attended by-the
Attornev•General of the Island (James Clarke, Esq.) It ap-
peared from the evidence that Wilson had received a few pounds
from his employer about three weeks agn to defray the expellees
of a visit to his wife and family in thiS country. The last time
he was seen was in apublic house, in company with Philip Clu-
cas, a joiner, where he changed some notes for silver. They
left the house together. both intending to prOceed to England
in the same packet. No suspicion was attached to Wilsou's
absence, it being supposed that he was with hiS friends in Eng-
land. The jury returned a verdict of `• wilful murder" against
ClucaS; anti a warrant was issued by the Coroner fur his appre-
hension. It being understood that Cluras haul come to this town,
otliceys were digpatched hither in search °final, and on Sunday
he was apprehended itv Samuel Lloyd, one or the Liverpool con-
stableS, in a house in Scotland-road, where he lodged. The
prisoner is a native of Kirk Maroon, to the Isle ui Man, Ina
served his apprenticeship it) this town, as a joiner. Ile worked
on his own acciinot _at his lodgings, and the following is a copy
of hiS card joiner. cabinet-maker, and win-
dow.bliod manufacturer, MO; ScoCand-road, Liverp.),,l." Ile
had been on a visit to his. .friends whet) the diabolical deed is as
coniaiitted:, lie is vnly t 3 c:e.iis of awe. Ile was 61:11 oil to
the ISle of Man iti Ole i'ilt;Witlit of the Offitl!ers:
