BUCKINGHAM PALACE.

The house having resolved itself into a committee of the whole
house on the Land Revenue Acts,
Lord DUNCANNON moved that a sum, not exceeding £55,000,
be granted out of the hereditary land revenues of the Crown to-
wards the completion of Buckingham Palace.—Agreed to.

SALE OF BEER ACT.

The house having resolved itself into a committee on this act,
Mr. S. RICE said he had a resolution to propose on which it
was his intention to found a bill. This resolution he begged to
say had not been founded on the report of the committee. He
disapproved of that report, because its object was to restore the
old and objectionable system. At the same time he thought it
impossible for any bne to read the evidence which had been given
before the committee without feeling a wish that the constitution
of beer-houses should be improved, and he hoped that this object
might be effected without having recourse to any objectionable
enactment. He proposed to raise the character of the beer-shops
by raising the price of the license. He would still, however,
leave the licenses to be granted by the Excise-office (hear), and
would confer no additional jurisdiction on magistrates, except
with respect to police regulations. (Hear.) The hon. gentle-
man concluded with moving the following resolution—" That
for every license to be granted to any person to sell beer, or ale,
or porter, by retail in any part of Great Britain shall be paid
the sum of £5, and for every license to be granted to any person
to sell cider by retail in any part of Great Britain shall be paid
the sum of 505., in lieu of the present duties payable-thereon."
Mr. WARBURTON would not oppose the resolution, but at the
same time he must say that, considering the large number of
persons whose interests were involved in the question, it was
perfectly impossible that the bill proposed to be introduced
could be passed into a law at this late period of the session, un-
less it should clearly appear that it was altogether unobjection-
able. To any measure founded on the report of the committee
he would give his strenuous opposition.
Colonel WILLIAMS was glad that the bill was not to be
founded on the report of the committee. He gave notice, how-
ever, that he would move the introduction of a clause to pre-
vent beer from being drunk on the premises.
Sir H. WlLLouGuint was understood to say that the report
of the committee contained some suggestions which were
worthy of consideration.
The resolution was agreed to, the house resumed, and the re-
port was ordered to be read to-morrow.
The third reading of the Bank Charter Bill was postponed
till to-morrow.

The other orders of the day were disposed of, and the house
adjourned at half-past one o'clock,

LANCASTER ASSIZES.

The assizes for this county commenced at the county town on
Monday last, before Sir Thomas Denman, Knight, Chief Jus-
tice, and Sir William Bolland, Knight. The calendar is not
so numerous as on former occasions, containing about forty-
three prisoners, of whom a considerable number are charged
with manslaughter, ar:sing out of up and down fighting. The
High Sheriff, Sir John Gerard, Bart.,.of New-hall, arrived in
town about three o'clock, and shortly after proceeded to meet
the Judges on their way from Carlisle..
About half-past twelve, on Tuesday, after their lordships had
attended divine service, the Courts were opened, Sir Thomas
Denman presiding iu the Crown, and Mr. Baron Bolland in the
Civil Court. The cause list is extremely light.
After the usual preliminaries had been gone through, the
following gentlemen were sworn of the Grand Jury :

Sir Thomas D. Hesketh, Bart., Rufford-hall, foreman.
John Ireland Blackburn, Esq., Hale,
George Bigland, Esq., Bigland,
William Blundell Esq., Crosby,
Nicholas Blundell, Esq„ Crosby,
Thomas Bright Crosse, Esq., Shaw-hill,
Sir James Fitzgerald, Bart., Hermitage,
'William Gerard, Esq., Ditton-grove,
Richard Gillow, Esq., Leighton-hall,
Frederick Gerard, Esq.. New-hall,
Thomas Greene, Esq., M.P., 'Whittington-hall,
William Hulton, Esq„ Hutton-park,
Edmund George Homily, Esq.,
R. G. Hopwood, Esq., Ho wood,
Henry Hargreaves, Esq., Springfield-hall,
Charles Orrell, Es 1., Blackhrook,
John Wilson Patten, Esq. , M.P., Bank-hall,
Henry Petre, Esq., Duncan-house,
William Townley, Esq., Townhead,
Henry Tempest, Esq., Croston,
Peregrine Edward rownley Esq., Townley,
Richard Willis, jun., Esq., Prescot.

The LORD CHIEF JUSTICE then delivered a most able charge
to the Grand Jury. His lordship adverted to the lightness of
the calendar, and attributed it to the superior vigilance of the
police, and to the prevalence of better morals, so that offenders
now found that they could not continue their lawless practices
either with impunity or advantage. His lordship, in referring
to the new system adopted by Government respecting trans-
ports, observed, that there would be a classification of offenders,
and those who were convicted of grievous crimes, and whose
previous life was notoriously bad, would, when sent out to the
colony, be reduced to a state of perpetual slavery, to labour on
the roads in chains, and those for light offences would be distri-
buted through the colony as heretofore, in the character of ser-
vants, subject, in all cases, to the Governor. His lordship, in
alluding to the recklessness of human life in the county, said
he could not suggest any remedy. His opinion was, that it
arose, in a great measure, from the indulgence of violent pas-
sion, and hoped that the religious, moral, good feeling of the
community would be brought to bear on it. To prevent it he
would answer for the utmost strictness and impartiality on the
part of the judges, and he believed he could also answer for his
Majesty's Government, that every attention would be paid in
order to put an end to the practice. His lordship, after stating
that there were no cases requiring particular comment, dis-
missed them to their duties.

NISI PRIUS, TUESDAY, AUGUST 13.
Before Mr. Baron BoLLANo.
His Lordship entered the court shortly after twelve o'clock,
and in the course of the day disposed of several cases, none of
which possessed the least public interest or importance. There
are 130 causes entered for trial, of which there are 10 in the first
or Lonsdale list, 49 in the second or Stafford list, and 70 in the
West Derby lists
None of the parties in the second list being ready, Mr. Baron
BOLLAND tried the following prisoners :
Charles Black, 46, was charged with having in his possession,
with intent to utter them, knowing them to be base, 86 counter-
feit sovereigns and 117 counterfeit half-crowns, at Manchester.
It appeared.that on the 22d of July last John Jackson, a person
employed by the police to discover utterers of base coin, saw
the prisoner at the Red Bull public-house, Manchester. Pri-
soner treated him to a glass of ale, and afterwards pulled out
half-a-crown, and asked him if he could do with...any. thing of
that sort. ackson told him he could do with it very well, not
then supposing that it was a bad one. Prisoner then said he
had another article which would perhaps suit him better, pull-
ing out a sovereign at the same time, and offering to sell it for
four shillings. Jackson said that if that were the case the sove-
reign could not be good, to which prisoner replied that it was
not the real thing, but it would do as well, and that when he saw
any one put down a good sovereign he might take it up and
put the bad one in its place. After some further conversation,
the prisoner went away to get more bad sovereigns and half-
crowns for Jackson, at the rate mentioned above ; but in the
mean time Jackson went and gave information to the police,
and the prisoner was taken into custody. On being searched
by the officers, whom he resisted as much as he could, the bad
money was found upon him; the sovereigns wrapped up in a
brown paper parcel, which they took from his pocket, and, the
half-crowns stitched in the back of his waistcoat. The prose-
cution was conducted by Messrs. Courtenay and Armstrong.—
The prisoner was undefended.
Mr. Baron BOLLAND, in summing up the evidence, observed,
that the prisoner was tried under a recent act of parliament,
rendering it a misdemeanor, punishable with three years for
the first offence, and seven years transportation for the second,
for any person to have in his possession three or more coun-
terfeit pieces of the current coin, knowing them to be coun-
terfeit, and with intent to utter them, or dispose of them for
less than their nominal value.
The prisoner was found Guilty, and sentenced to 18 months'
imprisonment and hard labour.
.Tohn Turner, 34, and Mary Turner, 40, his wife, residing at
Manchester, were charged with having in their possession 27
counterfeit sixpences. The police having sonic suspicion that
the prisoners were dealers in base coin, after having watched
them for some time, broke into their house on the `Atli of April
last, between five and six o'clock in the morning, found them
in bed, together, and under the pillow the counterfeit money in
question. Ou being called on for their defence, the male pri-
soner declared that the woman was not his wife, but a perfect
stranger to him: the female made the same asaertion, declar-
ing moreover that she had picked him up in the Itreet the night
before she was taken into custody, and that she had found the
I money concealed in an aid hat in the chimney, and intended
to give it up to the police next morning. Digiles, the consta-
ble, on being called upon to speak to these assertions, stated,
that the prisoners had lilted together as man and wife for at
least a month before they were taken into custody, and were
generally so considered.—Both the prisoners were found guilty,
and sentenced to one year's imprisonment and hard labour.
Ann Smith; a widow, was charged with having put off at Man-
chester, on the 16th of April last, to William Heyes, 10 false
.and counterfeit shillings. Heyes was a person employed by the
police, and purchased the 1.0 counterfeit shillings for half-a-
crown. When the case for tlie.prosecution was concluded,' the

, c\

prisoner called a woman named Catharine Staggart, who had
lodged with her, to prove that she had had no dealings with
Heyes for bad money tor nine weeks before the transaction in
question. The witness, however, when sworn, declared that she
knew nothing about the matter. The prisoner then called.
Elizabeth Edieston, a womak who was sitting beside her iu cus-
tody, charged with a similar (deuce, but thi; witness also, being
previously cautioned by her counsel, Mr. Dunn, declared that
she knew nothing about the matter. The prisoner was found
Guilty.
Mr. Baron BOLLAND, in passing sentence, observed that she
had been already twice convicted, once for larceny, and once
for passing bad money, and sentenced her to be transported for
seven years.
When sentence was pronounced, the prisoner exhibited con-
siderable violence. She struck Edleston, who was sitting beside
her, and exclaimed, whilst the officers were taking her out of
court, " I am as innocent as the child unborn, I will make them
pay for this before I go."
Elizabeth Edleston was charged with having sold 16 counterfeit
shillings to Edward Wilson, at Manchester, on the 6th of August
last, The prosecution was conducted by Messrs. Courtenay and
Armstrong, and Mr. Dunn appeared for the prisoner.
Mr. COURTENA Y stated the case for the prosecution. A person
named Edward Wilson having some suspicion. of what business
the prisoner was engaged in, gave information to the police, and
under their direction, got introduced to her by a person named
Coyle on the 16th of May last. From that day up to the 6th of
August he had various dealings with her for bad money, but on
the 6th of August Digcries put the matter into a train Cr her ap-
prehension by giving NVilson two shillings and two sixpences of
good money, all madied, for some bad coin which he was to
purchase from the prisper. He then went to the prisoner's
house and got from her sixteen bad shillings for which he gave
her four shillings, namely, the money marked by the police.—
She was taken into custody shortly after, and the police on
searching her found upwards of £2 in silver, in good money, in
her pocket, but not any of the money marked by the police. On
asking her if that was all, she said no, she had another sixpence
in her hand, which she gave to them, and it turned out to be one
*of the sixpences marked by the police. A.nian was seen coming
apparently from her house, and it was supposed the prisoner
might have given him the other marked money.
Edward Wilson was then called. He stated that between
May and August he had, under the direction of the police, made
eleven purchases of bad money from the prisoner, and that the
final purchase was made on the 6th of August, in a jerry-shop,
in the presence of a person named James laylor.
The witness was cross-examined at great length by Mr. DUNN,
counsel for the prisoner. He stated that he kept a beer-shop,
and was formerly employed in a spirit-vault, from which he was
discharged in consequence of being accused of giving away
spirits. He was not employed by the police, but did what they
directed him to do. He was a porter in the spirit-vaults, filled
bottles, and carried out spirits, and got five per cent. commis-
sion. Knew a man named Coyle; was formerly-fellow-servant
With him. Never asked Coyle to break into his (witness's)
master's safe, or told him that there was a hundred pound bill
of the bank of Manchester, and a Philadelphia bank bill for
five hundred dollars. Never told Coyle that before he would
see his children clammed he would go td the high way. and rob.
Never had a farthing from the police-for his loss of time. He
did all this from a pure love of justice. His coach-fare to Lan-
caster was paid, but he had paid for all his own refreshments.
Did not know what he was to get for this job. Would swear he
did not expect anything for coming, and that was as true as all
the rest of his evidence.
James Taylor deposed that he was present in the public-
house on the 6th of August, and saw the last witness and pnsoner
together.
This witness was also cross-examined at great length by Mr.
DUNN. He stated that he kept a butcher's shop in Salford, and
was employed as a spy for the police. They gave him nothing; he
did it all from a love of justice, and nothing else. Expected his
expences, if he could get them but not for the loss of his time
Was not in the habit of working for nothing ; but he some-
times did other jobs for nothing. (Mr. Dunn.—lndeed ! I
should like to know where you live.) He sometimes killed a
pig for nothing.
lie-examined.—Was a housekeeper in Salford, and a special
constable.
John Diggles, Thomas Crawford, and other constables of
Manchester, were then called to speak to the employment of
Wilson and the apprehension of the prisoner.
The case for the prosecution having closed, Mr. DUNN (for
the defence) called Daniel Coyle, who swore positively to the
transactions between himself and Wilson, which the latter had
positively denied in his cross-examination.
He was cross-examinied at greatlength by Mr. CounTENAy ;
but the only material fact elicited was, that on one occasion the
witness was charged with stealing a clock ; it was not found
upon him, nor ou his premises.
Mr. Baron BoLLAND, in summing up the evidence, remarked
that the question turned on the credibility of the two witnesses,
Wilson and Coyle, excepting so far as the testimony of the
former was corroborated by the other witnesses for the prosecu-
tion.
The jury retired, and, after remaining in consultation about
-half an hour, acquitted the prisoner.

CROWN COURT.—WEDNESDAY, 14th July.
MANSLAUGHTER.
William Hall, 48, was charged with killing and slaying his
wife, Jane Hall, on the Bth of July last, at Ashton-under-Line.
Mr. Brandt appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Sergeant
Jones for the defence. It appeared, that on the evening of the
Bth of July, the deceased went home in a state of intoxication;
a quarrel ensued shortly after between her and the prisoner,
respecting. giving supper to one of his children; that she seized
him by the waistcoat, when he pushed her down, and kicked
her over the lower part of her body, and inflicted such a wound
as to cause her death in less than an hour. Mr. Campbell, of
Ashton-under-Line, the surgeon who examined the body, said,
he was of opinion that the deceased's death was caused by
hmmorrhage, from a wound on the vagina. The witness was
cross-examined at considerable length by Sergeant Jones, the
object of which was to show, that the death could not have been
produced by loss of blood from the wound, but might have pro-
ceeded from determination of blood to the head from the effects
of passion, exertion, &c., in consequence of too free a use of
ardent spirits. The jury, however, found the prisoner Guilty,
but strongly recommended him to mercy. Sentence deferred.

• MOST SINGULAR CASE.-A HUSBAND'S REVENGE.
Thomas Palin, 36, was charged with killing and slaying Tho-
mas Armstrong, at Manchester, on the 4th of April last. It
appeared that on the day in question the prisoner went home
and found his wife in bed with the deceased, who lodged in the
house. He immediately ran, in great distress and frenzy, to
the house of his landlord near, and informed him of the cir-
cumstance, adding, that unless he came to take him away, he
should certainly take.his life. He then ran back, and the gen-
tleman requested three or four people to follow him, which they
did. When the prisoner arrived at home the second time, he
found his wife sitting near the kitchen fire. He began to accuse
her of infidelity. to him ; and, whilst he was doing so, Armstrong
came down stairs, when the prisoner ordered him to leave the
house immediately, or he would murder him, and rushed on him
at the same time with a knife, and stabbed him in the throat
so that he died instantaneously. It was found that the jugular
vein and carotid artery were cut through, and the windpipe
nearly severed in two. His wife was in a beastly state. of in-
toxication. The jury. found him Guilty, and his lordship said,
he had certainly received the greatest provocation a man could
receive, but the law would not, on that account, allow any man to
take the life of another, and it was necessary that the landmarks of
the law should be preserved; still he was of opinion, that, in
the present case, there was no necessity for a severe sentence,
and, therefore, ordered him to be confined for fourteen days.
