STATE OF TRADE.

MANCHESTER.—There was a decidedly hater demand for
yarn yesterday than on any market day for several weeks
past, and sales were readily effected by all who chose to ac tept
previous rates. Many of the spinneis, however, stood out
for an advance, and we believe in some cases an advance of a
farthing per pound was obtained on 40's mule yarn. For
goods, too, there was a little mdre inquiry ; but it did not
produce any improvement in prices: , The general feeling in
the market, however, was much more cheerful than for some
weeks past.
ROCHDALE FLANNEL MARKET, MONDAY.—There has
been a very dull market to-day ; and the demand for flannels
has been more limited than it was on the two preceding Mon-
days ; but prices have undergone no change. In the wool
market there has been very little doing, and no change in
prices to report.
HUDDERSFIELD MARKET, TUESDAY.—There were more
buyers to-day than for some weeks past, who were sharply on
the look-out for cheap bargains ; but few purchases were
made, on account of the firmness in prices, which certainly
have reached the lowest point of depression. ILpes are now
entertained of an increased demand, both in woollens and
light fancy goods. Wools are more in demand, at late quota-
tions. More business is doing in the warehouses. On the
whole, there is not quite so much gloom, but still trade is in
a wretched state, and the situation of a large mass of opera-
tives is truly deplorable.—Manchester Guardian.
BLACKBURN.—Our market has continued in the same in-
active and unsatisfactory state throughout the past week
which has marked its movements for many weeks past ; and
if any relieVing feature presents itself, it is in the hope en-
tertained by many, that both the raw and manufactured ma-
terial have reached the lowest point of depression.

FOREIGN RECIPROCITY.—The Irish butter trade with
Portugal, and the trade in Newfoundland cod-fish imported
to that country, has almost entirely ceased, the cortes abat-
ing fifteen per cent., all duties in favour of their own ship-
ping or Portugnse bottoms. Salt from Portugal is imported
to this country free of duty, and this trade is also confined
to their own vessels.

Ministers are threatened with a formidable motion oriChi-
nese affairs by Sir James Graham. The papers produced as
a justification of their past proceedings and the warlike expe-
dition now in course of preparation, furnish the materials of
an attack, which it will task the Ministerial strength to re-
pel. It is indeed time that the policy of Government to-
wards China should be fully examined. We are not aware
that a warlike enterprise of such magnitude, and the results
of which may be of such incalculable importance, was ever
.before undertaken by a British Government without the
formal sanction of Parliament. The responsibility assumed
by Ministers is immense.—Spectator.
SIR JAMES ANDERSON'S STEAM CARRIAGE.—On Mon-
day night the first of these carriages, building at Newcomen-
bridge mills, was brought up from the works to be painted
at Nottingham-street. The rise from the mill, we are in-
formed, is 9 feet 6 inches in 68 feet ; and, it beipg considered
imprudent to use steam power for such an ascent, a number
of workmen attempted to draw it up, but were unable. The
steam was then used, and the bill ascended, without the least
difficulty, to the top of the bridge. The carriage immedi-
ately started down the strand, and turned directly into the
house prepared for it, apparently under full command. We
understand that as soon as painted and decorated it will be
Publicly exhibited. The difficulty of steam carriage ascend•
ing steep hills seems no longer to exist.---Saunder's News
Letter.

Mr. J. Dunglinson, of the Goat, near Cockermouth, has
preserved the following rare birds, &c., during last winter :
Capercale, the male weighed twelve pounds, (male and fe-
male); ptarmagan, in winter and summer plumage ; black
grouse, red ditto, Solan gander, barnacle, crested cormorant,
green ditto or shag, great nothern diver (wale and female,)
dun diver, red-throated ditto, great speckled ditto, swallow.
tailed thiel drake, pintail or lea pheasant, red-breasted rney-
ansen, lea parrot, burgo master, kittiwake, oyster catcher,
grey plover, guillimot lesser, penguin, little awk, pewit gull,
lesser fern, wigeon, horned owl (male and female,) ringouzle,
ring-tailed cafle, and a variety of the commoner class of bird ;
and a small Shetland pony, thirty-six years of age, the pro-
perty of Joseph Gillbanks, Esq• , Whiteneld,—C,2eliste Pa-
triot.

FRIDAY MORNING, MARCH 27, 1840.

We have been favoured with a file of Canton papers
to the Bth of DeceMber inclusive, which were brought
by the John O'Gannt; Capt. Robertson. Their con-
tents have been anticipated by the late overland mail.
The John 0' Gaunt has had an extraordinarily quick
passage.

We have received our files of the Jamaica Royal
Gazette and Standard to the Bth of February, inclu-
sive. These papers are chiefly occupied with discus-
sions and comments on the proposed establishment of
a "Silk Company," which was looked forward to with
an intense degree of interest. If the. anticipations of
those who have projected this company should be real-
ised, it will prove one of the most valuable additions to
the prosperity of the island, and will probably lead to
the introduction of silk cultivation into the whole of
our West India colonies: It is truly gratifying to find
that the planters and others in those noble colonies are
thus bestirring themselves in earnest, and devoting
their energies and their capital to.the further develop-
ment of their internalyesources. An impulse has been
given to the prosperity of the WeSt Indies which, we
trust, will eventually. more than' counterbalance the
chilling indifference and positive discouragement, ma-
nifested towards those possessions by the present reek-
less administratibn.
The subject of immigration also continues. to attract
considerable attention in Jamaica.. We publish, in
another column, a very interesting letter.on this sub-
ject, from the pen of a gentleman who is perfectly
cognizant of all its details. Ile offers some invaluable
suggestions on a topic which has been More than once
glanced at in this paper—the practicability, of forming
agricultural settlements in the West Indies for emi-
grants from Great Britain. 'We think that Dr. Max-
well has fully established his case, and proved that Ja-
maica offers one of the most eligible points to which
the attention of emigrants from this' kirfgdom can be
directed. His accounts of the salubrity of the climate,
and the resources and capabilities of the soil, .will be
pertised with peculiar interest. Would it not be ad-
visable to form a -" West India Colonization Society"
for the purPose of carrying.. the proposed scheme into
effect ? We believe that such a society would be of
incalculable benefit to that portion of our colonial em-
pire.

'\Ve have received our files of the Guiana Chronicle
to the 29th of January, inclusive. The session of the
Court of Policy commenced on the 24th of January,
when his Excellency Governor Light delivered his
opening speech. 'We are sorry that we cannot make
room for that document. We can only afford space
for a brief summary. He expressed his regret that
there had been a considerable decrease in the produce
during the past year ; but hoped that the produce of
the present year would, by its proportionate increase,
give reason for congratulation. The receipts of import
and internal duties had far exceeded their estimated
produce, and the civil list had been nearly covered by
the surplus customs alone. Governor Light, being a
Liberal in politics, speaks of the conduct of the labour-
ing classes in terms of :eulogium which we think are
not at all justified by the accounts which have reached
us from different sources. He praises them for their
cheerfulness, contentment, and industry. In many
instances, there; can be no doubt, these praises are
richly merited ; but we fear that the great majority of
the labourers have subjected themselves to the charge
of idleness. The diminished produce of British Guiana
is a too conspicuous proof of the truth of this charge
to admit of a moment's dispute.
Governor Light refers, with some degree of exulta-
tion, to the ambition of the labourers to become land-
holders. Great numbers had already become possessed
of properties by purchase, and the system was likely to
extend still further. This fact very forcibly proves the
necessity of an extended scheme of immigration. A
supply of fresh labourers, and that in very considerable
numbers, is indispensably necessary in order to keep
up the cultivation to its present extent, not to say any-
thing of increasing its amount. Labourers are con-
tinually leaving many of the properties, to settle down
on lands of their own, whose places must be quickly
supplied. Unless this he done, there must be a still
further diminution in the produce. The fact that la-
bourers are enabled thus to purchase properties of their
own, from their savings under the system of slavery and
apprenticeship, is a conclusive proof of the liberal man-
ner in which the Negroes have been treated by the
i2lanters, and ought for ever to silence the calumnies su
diligently and mischievously spread by the agents of
the Anti-Slavery Society.
Governor Light next congratulates the Court of Po-
licy on the small amount of crime in the colony. The
peasantry had been submissive, had obeyed the law,
and respected authority.
The Governor next alludes to*a subject of very great
importance--the improvement of the capital of the
province, with a view to the preservation of health.
He says that there had not been a single case of yellow
fever that might not be traced to the neighbourhood of
a single street, Water-street, the defective drainage of
which had caused deadly miasmata to arise, which, if
not obviated, would seTiously affect the interests of the
colony. We trust that the application of a remedy will
soon render GeorgetoAvn as salubrious as any port in
the Nest, Indies.

On the subject of immigration Governor Light says,
" I trust the obstacles to our receiving immigrants will
be removed by the favour of. her Majesty's Govern-
ment. It is your duty to he prepared at once for an
influx of population—to provide a suitable building for
their reception, with proper responsible medical and
other officers for their general welfare throughout the
colony."
The Guiana Chronicle very justly ridicules the igno-
rance of Englishmen with reference to the geographi-
cal- position of the colony. A member of the House of
Commons lately designated that portion of the conti-
nent of South America an island ! and it is not long
since that the correction of a similar mistake was ap-
pended to a note in " Blackstone's Commentaries."
An English provincial journal also lately remarked that
" millions of acres of land in Berbice, Demerara, and
British Guiana remained uncultivated."

The Chronicle, remarking upon the decrease in the
exports from the colony, says that the deficiency does
not arise from the deterioration of the soil, but from- • .
the disinclination of the labouring classes to cultivate
it. The Negro is now his:own master, and the lassi-
tude and indolence which the climate is calculated to .
superinduce, has charms for him as well as for the
refined European. In that luxury he can well afford 10
to indulge, for the labour of a day furnishes him with
the means of supporting the idleness of a week. In
illustration of this statement the editor of the Chronicle -
furnishes an instance which fell under his own obser-
vation. He had visited an estate on the west coast of
the river Demerara, and out of a population of .100 ,
Negroes resident on the property, only thirteen were
working in the field, and not one in the bnildingst j;,7l'
Such a state of things cannot go on much longer,
without inflicting irreparable injury on the colony, and -0
consequent loss to the mother country. " The effect
of diminished produce," the Chronicle remarks, "is,
of course, ditnunition of exports, and, consequently,
a decrease of revenue in England. It is true that this -
falling off in the revenue is not much felt in England;
but it is something at a time Idled the eapenditure of
Great Britain is exceeding its revenue." The force of
this remark will be more fully recognised when we
state that the duties on the importations. of colonial,r, )401.
produce in Engiand are estimated at about ttpojnilf,„„i
lions sterling annually, • -

The only remedy that can be applied to the existing
state of things in British Guiana—the only means by
which the country can be saved from ruin; -is, brut!
GRATION.

The advantage resulting from an extended system
of immigration have beeit fully demonstrated by the

successful issue of the experiment set on foot in the.f,D toy
colony of Trinidad. That colony has taken sudden „!f.,{a
start in prosperity which promises the mast brilliant
result. The immigrants into that island have been ,f;,or
chiefly from America ; and no sooner did the lazy de- -
nizens of the colony find that there were others ready
and willing to accomplish even greater tasks than they
had pkeviously declined, or indolently performed, than
they turned round, and briskly proceeded to their va•
rious appointed portions of labour. The same result
would inevitably follow the introduction of an increased
number of labourers into other colonies.

The effect of immigration upon the present labour-
ing population of the West Indies is, perhaps, one of
the most powerful reasons for procuring an increased
supp!y of hands. It would introduce the principle of
competition in labour—a principle which Could not fail .
to produce the most favourable results. The simple ..
process of an addition to the number of labourers .. -
would convert the idle into the industrious—the inso-
lent into the submissive. They would see that they
had only the alternative of working or starving. This
collateral advantage of stimulating others to labour
would be auperadded to the direct benefit which would • .
accrue from the employment of an additional number,
of hands.

The Guiana Chronicle expresses itself in very-san-
guine terms as to the success of the petition forwarded
to the Government in favour of the immigration ordi-
nances ; and adds that the despatches of the Governor , •
cannot fail in disabusing the public mind in England •:
as to the alleged cruelties to the Hill Coolies. We
believe that this expectation has been already realised,
as far as the public are concerned; but we regret to
find that Lord John Russell has paid very little atten-
tion to the representations of Governor Light. No-
thing, we fear, short, of a powerful demonstration. in
Parliament can now secure to British Guiana those„
advantages for which all parties in the coloqy 4aFssw.,.•
been so long contending. We hope that such a de-
monstration will be very shortly made.: vyAlgisatocl
One of the grand objections against. the sclieme-ofo.)-
introducing the Hill Coolies into British Guiana is, theonv4
probability that the privilege will be abused. This oh-iorrl.
jection is of the most futile character. The Govern-;1`0'
ment officials in British Guiana, with the Governor at
their head, have demonstrated the policy, even for the
sake of the Hill Coolies themselves, of procuring sup:- i 30,9
plies of them for the cultivation of British Guianei blee
They are now living in a land where, at the very; best,, -r;,f
they scarcely exceed the starvation point," and where
they are periodically visited by desolating plagues and
frightful famines. Removed to British Guiana, they
would be above want, nay, in the enjoyment of every
luxury, and comparatively exempt from disease : in a
word, they would exchange the most abject misery and
poverty for comfort and abundance.
In the language of the Guiana Chronicle, "here is a
land literally overflowing with milk and honey, truly
described by the Governor, when he designated it • a
rich mine of gold,' with capabilities for becoming the
wealthiest province of the British crown.- All it wants
is labour. With that, we can add to our exports to
such an extent as to defy competition : without it, we
must fall back into the miserable condition of a paltry .
dependency." This is Lot the language of a Tory
journal. It is that of the Liberal: organ of a Liberal
Governor. As such we should certainly expect it to
have some weight with our Liberal contemporaries in,,;o
this country, unless they are so blinded by prejudice as ,
to be incapable of conviction.
. • • -
A few weeks since we published an account of a
fancy ball, given at Freed-en-Hoop estate, the property;.,
of John Gladstone, Esq. The Guiana Chronicle, while ;:o
commenting on the proceedings, says that they afforded ,
" a transcendant refutation of the calumnies propagated
by the disciples of Scoble," and that they "spoke to the
people of England in a language not to be misunder- ,
stood." If the labourers on that estate be in that
condition which the partisans of the fanatics would re-
present them to he, how comes it to pass that they ,••
are enabled to give a ball so sumptuous as to cost f4OO .
sterling? Is there any corresponding cliss of labour-
ers or artisans in England that could afford to make ,•i,!
such a demonstration.

We perceive that the merchants of Georgetown ~
have adopted resolutions similar to those which had
been agreed to in Berbice on the subject of credit.
They have limited their credit to six months—accounts.
to be rendered then, and to ,be met either by cash, or
an acceptance of three months, bearing interest. This
arrangement, it was confidently expected, would lead
to.the most favourable result.
-fla

• A file of the Berbice Advertiser to the 30th of Janoeil4
has reached us. These papers complain bitterly oc
the disfranchment of the Dutch inhabitants by Go-
-610
vernor Light, owing to some private pique of the lattet
They also condemn the Governor for refusing to adrnit:tol
the immigrants from America to a participation in the _4
political rights of British subjects—a principle whiciiirog
had been conceded in Trinidad. This conduct is
consistent with the character of a Liberal, who must be.
a tyrant wherever he goes. .74

Each successive day brings with it some fresh 047,
dence of the ascendancy of Popery in the "high47o'c
places" of this once Protestant land ; and each fresh`",,;;.
illustration of this ascendancy is of a more definite 8314
determinate character than its predecessor. The moat c;
recent instance of the patronage of Popery on ihepvt;
of the O'Connell-ridden Government has- just beeiv];,job
made public by a correspondent of the.London,.Stitigl;"-,1
ard, who states that a Treasury order has beeriisstpw-31.
to the Commissioners
.Of hei. Majesty's Cut4tia4i• qioo
recting that all iv-tapes, plate, pictures,:or orAtlnteNA 1,1 ,lit
• • x:
intended for the uSelof Rointin.ca.thaiip.
ship, shall be imparied duty free,.74
should prove correct, it will be
sured, by. the Protestant
.People &Wan ali* 118711111
insult to their feelings and
the country. Said we not ''irtilyZ:thitit 6114411.tkae':ili
for the Protestants of England ihaice.off their lei'

I

~312t1

I

hargy and indifrerenee, and to struggle manfully for
the preservation Of all that is dear to them ?

The Gentlemen' of the Whig party;: of whom our
contemporary of the Liverpool Times is the especial
organ, appear just now to be in a situation very much
resembling that of a puzzled pig-driver, or a hen with
a brood of ducklings which have unfortunately become
Possessed' of an 'inclination to dabble in the horse-
Pond. The herd of bipeds, upon whom our contem-
Porary has for the last month been exhausting the
weapons and the vocabulary of. Billingsgate, 'will not
be driven,-but with the true obstinacy of porkerS,
prefer to journey to the shambles by a road of 'their
own choOsing; and we are afraid that the coaxing
vein, to which our contemporary has at length resorted,
will be thrown away upon so unenlightened a race.
Yes—the - Reformers of Liverpool. the "common
fellows," the proprietors of beer-houses and barbers'
shops, hoarding houses and other houses whose local-
ity is not' in the aristocratic regions of Abercromby-
square, or the -rural retirement of Wavertree, have
dared to seleCt for themselves a candidate to represent
their "most sweet Voices" and persons in parliament,
or rather to attempt so forlorn a--hope. These men,
"the unwashed,"—to gratify whose tastes and likings
" the editor Of. the Albion thinks fit to degrade his
Paper to the level of the Liverpool Chronicle,"—have
dared to orerlOok the superior wisdom which centres
in the "gentlemen" of their'Oartv, and to select Mr.
Joshua Walmsley, the Mayor of Liverpool, a "novus
4r40,'" .the chairrrian of that very vulgar body, the
Tradestrien's Reform Association, and a townsman, in
Preference to a man "of high parliamentary reputa-
tion, distinguished talents, tried liberality of principle
and commanding influence," such as for instance Sir
George grey, or—who does the reader suppose ?
" Lord Palmerston !"—the contemptible fribble whose
very name provokes a laugh or a sneer in every court
of Europe. What super-human obstinacy is here
We could weep .for our contempOrary, as we . have
often been inclined to do with the poor Emeralders
whom we have seen toiling and perishing amid the
dust and heat of a summer's-day in the vain attempt
to inspire unanithinity of sentiment into • the minds of
a drove of "elegant" pigs, fresh imported from New-
rY, reared in the sweet county of Kerry. We
could weep to'think that our Rathbones and Earles,
the elite-Of our common council, the "decus et tuta-
7aen" of this great community, should be compelled
to
elcllintled'ge as the "foremost man amongst them
all" plain Joshua Walmsley, mayor of Liverpool and
not a Baronet, and lose for ever, through the self-willed
nbstiniey of their party, even the most distant hope of
walkink DoWning-street; some fine day, arm in arm
with a cabinet Minister, and that minister Cupid himself.
SerionSly; however, it is a sad thing to see obstacles
thrown
in the way of an object so easy of accomplish-
Merit as the election of one Whig member for Liverpool
would be. The time has been when—hut we will not
awake unpleasant recollections. We should really
think, however, that, notwithstanding the defection of
the very small party whose ambition or something else
our contemporary represents, there may be hopes for
the Mayor after all. Though not a Baronet,
.he may
still be an M. P. ; and if not by fair means, he may by
nteants not unknown to his party ; for our hascontemporary made the confession—a rather novel .one from an
admirer of the Reform Bill—that "human nature in a
ten pound house is human nature still ;"- whereas we,
in our simplicity, had always believed that a rental of
ten pounds was the standard of every virtue under
heaven; Our friend the Albion has already 'e'rdisteil
the bludgeons. of the Irish in his favour; and with a
little personation of -Voters, a few perjuries and other
trifles, the Mayor may at any rate fight a good fight.
A friend at our elbow suggests that perhaps it may
be that some of the " Gentlemen" of the Whig party---
Mr. William Rathbone himself or Earle—May
have a lurking Wish to exhibit their own proper person
in the House of Commons, et hint ill& irce." Really
we should not wonder if this is not something very near
the mark. The sneer of the Times at " that most in-
significant of politicians, General Gascoyne," is not
unlike a projection of the venom Which the backsliding
Quaker on a former occasion launchedat that amiable
and excellent representative of the people 'of Liverpool.
We shoiild, nevertheless, strongly adViSe Mr. Wahns-
ley to persevere, for we do think he could bear a beat-
ing as' well as any of those " Gentlemen" who stand
so much upon their -order ; 'and We-are afraid, 'too, that
I'ord Palmerston's .` tried liberality of principle" and
toramanding influence" (prodigious !) might be lost- to
leis eottntrylora---season, if, in trying -so wild an ex-
Periment asAhe.:contesting of Liverpool; he should un-
nunately,lnse the snug, . rotten, pocket borough of.
Tierton.

14014 Stanl6,r 'moved the second reading of the Irish
Voters' Registration Bill, on Wednesday evening last,
*hell a'verc' animated and interesting' discussion en-
sued
the House of Commons. The object of this
bill is to purify the"rish registries, which are noto-
rio , •
Contaminated with fraud and perjury, on a
cale of fearful and gigantic magnitude. The manu-
'acture of wholesale fictitious votes, under the pre-
"it System, has been'carried on to such a length as to
call most
loudly for the interposition of some salutary
l„egislative enactment. There is scarcely a constituency
;that country in which this has not been practised.
fictitious
facilities now 'afforded for the multiplication of
fictitious
votes, conjoined with the very easy con-
:Lcienees of the Popish rabble of Ireland, constitutes
the true secret of O'Connell's influence over the re-
presentation,
of inquiry after inquiry has fully established the truth
} the foregoing remarks, and several attempts have
Nivele.rl made to provide a remedy against the abuses
aich re at preSent acknowledged to exist. These
, `enipt3 have hitherto proved abortive, because the
rrrPresent Ministry dare not introduce a purer system of
ciegistrafion. If they did, O'Connell's tail would be
4g eked of more than one half of its joints, and the
dit4easuring cast majority" of his Whig vassals would
salrcPear at the Same time.
Lordevl Stanley, has ventured to cope with the existing
s attendant upon the Irish registries. His measure
fr‘rikes. at the very root of the present system of
hand 41(1:perjury. -It is not surprising, therefore, that _
Bhollld be greeted by the abuse of O'Connell and
8 crew, or that the Ministry, whose fate has been so
long trembling in the balance, should
n give their most
form
opposition to the measure. We shall look
„"ards with much anxiety to the division on Lord
_°etanley's motion, He has made a noble sacrifice of his
esonal feelings, in bringing it forward, and we trust
that
example will be emulated by the other Con-
dervative members oo
f the House of Commons. If they
their duty, and are able to carry this measure
'4rculgh, the
influence day is not far distant when the Popish
in the House of Commons will be almost
annihilated. It
great
Conservative partyintheHouse are
to assume an
a
fairly commencedggressive attitude. They have now,
an attack, and in right good earnest,
_upon one of the strongest fortresses of their enemies.
We cordially wish them .every success in their enter-
prise.

We would particularly direct the attention of our
readers to the excellent and impressive remarks made
y fir. Justice Coleridge, in his charge to the jury
Yesterday, on the subject of religious education. The
eatim,Pny..,of so distinguished a character on this im-
P°ll49t..topic is of the highest value y , and must carr
With it 'great weight.

..........,„,........
n, Mecuted r. SHERIFP EVANS.—In the course of yesterday this
Is gentleman arrived. This visit was exected, and,
°LB be had promised to attend a Special Meeting of the Liver-
?col COnsctvative Association this evening at the York Hotel,
ow,” anxiously looked for. On yesterday afternoon, about 3
tel°cki he prikeeded in . company with Messrs. Samuel
ioltne, Dawson, Potter, Walker, and several ()ther gentle-
ji'ett, to the Exchange ooms, where he was warmly greeted
,hie friends, and the admirers of his uncompromising re-
i,,s!',Ltlee to the Felt'-arrogated power of a "tyrant-majority"
ritlF." tbe House of Commons. Three times three cheers hay-.
:"rbeen. simultaneously and unanimously' given, ofr, Evans
bqd,_ accompanied by the above-named . gentlemen, no
pr 4 t -IlighlY gratified with his -reception, and confident,
tvo_rn. this display of public feeling, that the meeting of this
?ill would-be not unworthy of- his attendance.
alli ?ill
is now landing from the American packet-
To -tnghind,- from New York;about 3,00 chests of tea.
lid' Will' not, of course,.affeetthe tea market here, as the ar-
ble.to AdmissAble for honafreonsunapiion when imported in
to4ll`bOttOnis 'only. * The whole will be put in bond, prior
I,lN:instil:in for, we learn, 13ritieh America.
...
viIIeANd..Ampt.F.A.,,SIRIT,'W.F: hear that .on. Friday last,
kkr,ll, tbe toliyor and earktration of Lancaster paid their re-
hisil,t°l4l4 It fitit*Ca*ial‘si-on his'arrival in their town,
that
-a t.,514
„R mt,
,p aiii---- uniceit,nd Y:heizi .the pleasing intelligence_
,"It:ti there lei pro Allay of the- assizes being brought back.
the 111,!4, Lancaster, theidteratibn and removal of a partot
~._c,0114-veututcl,3 to'Liverpool had -been attended witb . great 11:1:1
,s,tuteaunceda:Ly had caused much dissatisfactiou.—Black•.
