IRISH CHURCH BILL.

Lord KENYON said, as several noble lords were out of town
who wished to take a part in the discussion on the third reading
of the Irish Church Bill, he should be glad to learn front the
noble earl when the bill was likely to arrive at that stage?
Earl GREY said he certainly wished to bring on the third
reading of the bill as soon as possible, but the noble lord must
be aware that the period for the third reading would depend on
the time which the bill occupied in committee.
Lord KENYON observed, that several noble lords, who were
then out of town, were anxious to know what course the noble
earl meant to take in proceeding with the bill?
Earl GREY answered, that if the bill went through committee
this week, he should propose the third reading for Monday.
The Thelluson's Estate Bill vas read a third time and passed.

CHURCH TEMPORALITIES (IRELAND) BILL.
The house went into committee on this bill, and agreed to the
first twenty clauses, with some verbal amendments, with the ex-
ception of the 11th clause, the consideration of which was post-
poned.
The house then resumed, and it was agreed that the commit-
tee sit again to-morrow.—Adjourned-

HOUSE OF COMMONS, MONDAY, JULY 22.

The gallery was opened at the usual hour,
Mr. WI Lxs presented a petition from the classical and theo
logical tutors of Stepney College, praying for the removal of
the dissabilities of Dissenters, particularly with regard to the
registration of baptisms; also, a petition from the congregation
of 'Zion Chapel, Liverpool, for the reformation of the church.
Mr. INGHAM presented a petition from the merchant seamen
of South Shields and Newcastle, praying to be relieved from the
monthly payment of (id. for the maintenance of Greenwich Hos-
pital; and a petition from the churchwardens of Westoe, against
the bill for rating small tenements.
The whole of this sitting was occupied in the reception of pe-
titions.

At five o'clock the house resumed.
On the motion of Sir H. FERGUSON, the issuing of a new writ
for the borough of Warwick was further deferred till the 15th
of August.
Mr. BARRON presented a petition from Carrick-on-Suir for
the transfer to it of the franchise of Carrickfergus.
Mr. EwAnT presented a petition from the Liverpool Anti-
Slavery Society for the aholitiog of negro slavery.
SLAVERY ABOLITION BILL.

Mr. F. BUXTON wished to know whether the right hon. gen-
tleman was prepared to lay before the house the order in coun-
cil which was to be the model in the Crown colonies for carrying
the provisions of the present bill into effect. It was most im-
portant that this information should be afforded them, as they
would otherwise be entirely in the dark as to the manner and
certainty of the working of-the bill, particularly as it applied to
the system of apprenticeship of the negroes, a system which was
plainly neither absolute freedom nor absolute slavery, but a
compound of both. Then, again, the orders in council now in
force in the colonies, were in many respects mere favourable
to the negroes thin the bill would be. For example, the bill
.proposed that the apprenticed negroes should work ten hours a
day, while the old law only required nine hours, besides bestow-
ing forty days of rest and entire freedom from labour, which
the present hill would deprive them of. Then, again, the bill
went to invest the local assembly with a discretionary power of
punishment, while the order in council actually in force in the
colonies strictly prohibited the flogging of females under any
circumstances. It was highly necessary, therefore, that they
should have the new order in council before them when discus-
sing the provisions of the present bill.
Mr. STANLEY was sure that the house would see-that it was
actually impossible to produce an order in council* not yet in
existence, inasmuch as the measure (the present) on which it
was to be founded had not yet passed into a law. (Hear.) The
hon. gentleman, besides, was in error as to the order in council
being the model for the colonies for carrying the provisions of
the bill into effect. No order in council could be such a model
as the hon. gentleman had stated. All that the bill went to
effect was to lay down a maximum, beyond which the master
shall not advance, and an outline for the total abolition of negro
slavery, the details and filling up of which must necessarily be
left to the colonial legislatures. If there was any law or order
in council in existence more favourable to the negro than the
present bill would be, it, of course,, was never meant that it,
should be superseded by it. (Hear, hear.) As to the objection
that the apprenticeship plan would be a mixed system of free-
dom and slavery, all he need say was, that the same thing
might be alleged of apprenticeships in every country, and under
every circumstance; for it was neither absolute freedom nor
absolute slavery, but, as the hon. gentleman had alleged, a
mixture of both.

The order of the day having been read,
Mr. STANLEY said that as the bill was founded entirely on the
resolutions which had been agreed to by both houses of parlia-
ment, he thought he should best consult the wishes of the house
by not offering any observations on the question at the present
moment. He should therefore content himself with merely
moving the second reading of the bill.
After some discussion the bill wa's read a second time, and
ordered to be committed on Wednesday next, provided the
discussion on the East India Charter Bill did not prevent it.
