rEßßumly '7..7, 1833.
irea......ivismarriasvoixae,marrrearwear.on

next point noticed in the King's speech was the necessity of
economy. Ministers stated the fact, that the estimates of this
year would be the lowest that had been knowa since the peace.
lie fact being so, tbey had stated. but not with any view of in-
initutiog any invidious comparison between their acts and those
of the former government. They did not claim it as their ex-
clusive credit. They wished it to be shared with the government
which bad preceded their own ; 'but as that government, iu its
financial statement, had had the liberality to admire the econo-
my enforced by the Duke of Wellington in his former ad:ni-
nistration, so the present governmerc., in its estimates, had the
liberality to admit that it was ouly acting on the economical
principles enforced by the preceding government. At any rate,
the statement of this fact was an answer to those who said that
the appointment of a conservative government would lead to
increased expense in all our establishments. Comparing the
estimates- of the present year with those of the last, he enter-
Mitred a confident hope that it would be possible to make a re-
duction, consistent with the due execution of the public service,
to the extent of £500,000. (Cheers.) He would now say a
few words on the subject of the abolition of slavery. There had
been a general impression that the success of that great measure
. would be impeded by the restoration of the present ministry to
Pin'er. It 'was true that they had not entertained the sanguine
expectations respecting the success of that great measure that
had been entertained by-many lion:gentlemen on the other side
of the'house; but this he would say, that if ever men were under
a moral obligruion to promote the success of any great measure
of philanthropic benevolence, the present ministers were under a
moral obligation' to promote the success of that measure.—
What had green the practical course which ministers had pur-
sued respecting it? So far had they been from seeking any
practical advantage from the patronage of the different appoint-
ments created in the colouies by that measure, their first
resolution had been to continue in their offices all the governors
appointed under the late administration. (Cheers.) Those
governors being' appointed by that administration, were cogni-
zant of its intentions, and were retained in their posts for the
express purpose of carryine those intentions into effect. Lord
Sligo, for instance, was the Wellington
of Jamaica. The very
first thing which the Duke of Wellington did upon his appoint-
meat to office was to write to that noble lord andlo request him
to remain in his situation as he was cognizant, from personal
instructions, with the projects and objects of the late govern-
Inept. L was true that the present government had sent out
additional magistrates to some of the colonies, the only instance
in which it had incurred expense without the knowledge of par-
liament: but they had not hesitated to incur expense in such
a proceeding, as the object of it was to further the success of
that great measure for the abolition of slavery. (Hear, hear.)
it had also been said by hon. gentlemen on the other side that
the speech from toe throne was in terms vague and inconclu.
live, that it was couched in the usual indefinite 14nguage, and
that it left parliament uncertain about what was to be done.
Now of all the speeches which had ever been delivered from
the throtie,'ltMil appeaar to him that this was the most precise
as to the intentions of government, and as to the measures'
which it intended to propose. He wished the house to recollect
that he returned froin the continent on fhe3d of December, and
that he was then speaking on the 24th of February.. It was no
slight labour in the interim to constitute a ministry, and to give
the requisite consideration to the formation of such measures
'" were announced in, the speech from the throne. Among the
first of them, in point of urgency, was the state of the tithe
question in Ireland. Government would propose a measure for
Its final and equitable adjustment. (Cheers.) For the coin-
alutaihm of tithe in England and Wales government was also
prepared' to propose an adequate measure. (Cheers.) For the
administration of justice iu ecclesiastical causes, government
intended to propose a measure founded on the report of the
eolmnissiou of which the right hon. member for Cumberland
had been the chief promoter; a measure which would destroy
all petty local ecclesiastical courts, and would appaint supreme
courts for the cognizance of all ecclesiatical discipline—a pro-
vision which would enforce episcopal authority, .not over the
laity, but over the clergy, and would so check, if not entirely
prevent, those cases of scandal which occasionally occurred,
out without punishment. (Cheers.) Government also intended
to propose a measure which would relieve those who dissented
from, the church from the necessity of celebrating marriage
according to its rites. He had been asked " Was that all you
intend to do for the dissenters? You may relieve them from
that grievance, but then you leave all their other grievances
unredressed." (Hear, hear, hear.) Now, he must remind
these objectors that great importance had been attached
to the redress of this very grievance. Then, he was
told that on the subject of municipal corporations the speech
was still more vague and inconclusive. On that point
he would appeal to the fairness of the house. A committee was
appointed by that house to inquire into the state of municipal
corporations. That committee, of which their present speaker
. Was chairman, made certain inquiries. It found that it had not
sufficient powers to condu9t the inquiry satisfactorily, and it
recommended the appointment of a commission to conduct it.
On his appointment to office a right hon. friend of his, to enable
the government to consider their report, to weigh the evidence
which they had colleCted, and to examine the suggestions which
they had proposed, wrote to the municipal commissioners for the
information which they had compiled. He could have no re-
serve with the house, and it would, perhaps. be satisfactory to it
to hear the commissioners. It was dated the 27th of January,
1832. The commissioners stated that their inquiries were now
complete; that 293 municipal corporations had been visited by
them; that 241 reports had been sent iu ; that 182. had been
printed; but that the remainder of them were at that time un-
fiuished. The c mainissioners- further declared that they could
trot state when their general report would be ready, but they
expressed a hope that it would be finished in the month of
February. They likewise declared that it was not their inteu-
ton to present a report on any general branch of the subject
unless thee were specifically required so to do. He had been
told that in the speech froM the throne net the slightest re-
ference had been made to the subject of the church-rates. It
wan well known that he had'supported the measure brought in
by the late government for the transfer of the church-rates to
the land-tax. That measure had met with great opposition from
the dissenters. He for one could not agree to the extinction of
Church-r*:es. He thought that there was an ohlikallon on the
State to provide for the repair of churches, but lie also thought
that the charge of providing fur that repair /sore unfairly on the
land, and it was that subject he had in view when he spoke in
the King's speech of devising " a method for Mitigating the
Pressure of those local charges which' bear heavily on the
owners aud occupiers of land, and for distributing the burden of
tirient mortequally over otheretteseription of property." An
onforttinate interpretation had been put upon that paragraph
svhich he by no means intended. No new mode of general
(fixation was meant by it. It bad a special reference to the re-
Port of the committee of last session on county-rates, and to
the relief of the agricultural interest froM certain local burdens,
or which .the church-rate was one mentioned therein, lie next
came to tha.t.part of the King's speech which related to the
church commission appointed by government. The subject
iwto which it bad to inquire was extensive and complicat4 autl •
he could not promise the house to bring forward a measure'nnou
it at an early period. He would, however, tell the house what
he had already done On the vacancy of the first of those ap-
peintments in the church which were usually called—he Would
Rot say rightly or wrongly—sinecures, he had advised the crown
to Make no appointment to it, but to allow all the circumstances
conuected with it to he considered by the church commission.
The appointment to which. he alluded was a prebendal kali at
Westminster of the value of £1,200 a-year. (Cheers.) Be
meant to take the same course on every other ecclesiastical
benefice of the same class that might fall vacant. (Cheers.)- '
Re would not fill them urr for the mere sake ti." patronage, but
would refer them to the consideration of the commission.
(Cheers.) Now, what was the practical course that had been
adopted with regard to that prebendal stall ? It had been found
that in the neighbourhood of Westminster Abbey, dependent on
its chapter, were too parishes, St. Margaret and St. John,-with
It population of 150,000 souls. In the first named parish there
were 28,000, and, only one church ; and it was an evident fact,
'that one minister must be inadequate to the due discharge of
the ditties of such a parish. The government had advised the
cominission to attach that stall to that living, making it a con-
dition that additional spiritual instruction should be provided for
the parishioners. 'There was no house belonging to the minis-
ter or St. Margaret's. It was not a rectory, nor yet a vicarage.
h e prebendal house, therefore, had been made the vicarial
house uf the parish. This was the course which; oil a future
similar occasion, government intended to pursue with regard
to St.'John's parish, and he hoped that if any delay should
occur in calling for legislative interference on this point, it
Would riot be supposed that that delay was intended to defeat
the object of the commission, but that it would be taken for
granted that it s,was wanted for deliberate consideration
Item were the general measures of the government, the iudi-
of which wasto be found its the speech from the throne.
they were measures which, with theleast possible delay, would
be submitted to the consideration of that house. (Cheers.) In
rivalry to the address an amendment had been proposed, and
if the address was vague and inconclusive, the amendment was
equally open to the same objection. It indicated no measure, it
advanced no principle, it only stated the hope of the House that
the seine. principle which restored to the people the right of
Shoosing their representatives, and which causedthe hill to pass
T the abolition of slavery, would be seen in the .promised
church reform, and would place our municipal corporations un-
der vigilant popular control. Now what principle was there ex-
Pressed here? To an amendment like this it would he no an-.

'Wer for Inns to say i;athl;;;Ld'i;lCiTtite...Elirhouseholders
'Vote in corporations. Was it not, therefore, evident that the
4tne nri men t was produced with some other view than the pro-
fessed one? (Loud cheers.) Was it not. evident that the
framers of the amendment were afraid (loud cheers) to recog-
nise in it those measures in the spirit of the reform bill, on
which, they knew, that a difference of opinion existed among
their own party? (Great cheering.) Why had they, not in-
serted a word about the ballot? (Cheers.) Why not a word
about the repeal of the Septennial Act? (Cheers.) Why not
word about the repeal of the union ? (Cheers.) They knew
that on all those measures which had occupied. Public attention,
as springing out of the reform bill, there was not one on which
they could express unity of sentiment. (Cheers.) No, they
must go back a distance of two years, to the time when all their
Party was united on the question of the abolition of slavery, and
on the reform bill; and they must merge all their bitter differ%
chess oti the ballot, the septennial bill, and the extension of the
suffrage, which raged at present, for the purpose ,of dwelling
111:h regret on the harmony which prevailed among them some
Years since,—
" Quo desiderio veteres renovamus amores ?
Atque ohm °misses flemus amicitias?"
•
(Cheers, and laughter.)
Oh. the time of their union and sympathy was even now once
snore gone bV. On that very evening, from ten different quar-
ter,' had notices been giveu for motions for carrying further the
Principles of the reform bill; but they shrunk from the indica-
tion ofraoy opinion on those motions in the amendment, because
t,4eY knew that that would lead to an open rupture amongst
nem. No; the amendment was proposed for the sake of in-
,"lvlng in difficulty the noble lord who had proposed the ad-
"ten, and his friends near him, svho, because they had con-
curred in supporting the reform bill, and the bill for the aboli-
tion of slavery, it was hoped might be caught in this trap, so
insidiously prepared for them—the trap of compliment to inea-
'Nees iu which they concurred, and of which they were the
Lost prominent promoters. If he knew anything he knew
that those whom the amendment endeavoured to ember-
ass would have the firmness and good sense to see what
s'as now the real question at issue. (Cheers.) They knew
that this amendment was au unnecessary etilogium on the
leform bill and that for slave emancipation. (Hear, hear,)
to that part of the analnlrnent which spoke of correcting
those abuses in the- church which impaired its efficiency in
•England, disturbed the peace of society in Ireland, and lowered
been
character of the establishment lu both countries, notice had
ueea given of a direct motion on the subject. The words im-
Viied that the church of Ireland disturbed the peace of Ireland.
Ow, that great question ought not to be disposed of by general
resolutions. (Cheers.) Ile would frankly avow his determi-
nation not to accede to the amendment. Indeed he could not
accede to it without implying willing degradation on his part.
(Cheers.) Ile knew the responsibility of the duties which he
:Id recently taken on himself. Ile feared the impossibility of
e instructing a government which could have stronger claims
on the confidence of the public than the present. (Cheers from
the • •
a
ministerial benches, and laughter from those of the °pim-
tion•) While any difference of principle remained as to the
nlnde of dealing with the church of Ireland it would he a diffi-
Nt task
nort reconstruct the government of L'ord Melbourne,
I,ree,l government could be formed without a selection 'f
individuals from each of those numerous parties which, though
illeY were now acting iu concert, bad been but a few mouths

FRIDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 27, 1835.

His'Majpsty's speech, and the tbbate upon the address
in bath", houses, as far as we have received it, Will be
found iii the proper place.

At ther:hour when we write, and no express having ar-
rived it .'Liverpool, as we expected, we are unable to form
any. Opiiiion as to the result of the debate in the
.11ouse
of Com Mons ; but be that result favourable or otherwise
to his Majesty's ministers, we have the consolation of
knowing that the sentiments and professions contained
in the King's speech have received the cordial approba-
tion of almost all classes of his Majesty's subjects- If,
then, the. representatives of the people, actuated by the
most selfish and factious motives, as the majority of them
undoubtedly were on the question of the speakership,
should by an obnoxious amendment plunge the country
once more into a second political contest in one year, the
opposition and coalition members may depend upon it
that nut one in five of their number, particularly as re-
spects England, would be returned.

This we say is our consolation. The country is sick
with the turmoil of party politics ; and as it is a noble
and distinguishing trait in the character of our country-
men to see fair play; we feel well assured that if Sir Ro•
BERT PEEL be thrown 'back upon the suffrages of the
electors, he will as speedily as the forms will permit be
carried-into-office and power with an overwhelming ma-
jority. to support him.
So,confident are we of this, that if it were not- for the
expense and.confusion which a new election would ne-
cessarily cause, we could almost wish, that the opposition'
should succeed, and that a discomfiture should produce a
fresh appeal to the, people. -
At the same time, we are bound to confess, that every-
thing', in tliat'case, wbul4 depend upon the roorul cou-

rase of the right hohottriible baronet at the head of the
government. If he could only be convinced that by
braving the menaces of the House of Commons he would
Nave with him the hearty wishes and the cordial sympa-
thies of the people, as we are certain he would, then we
say, let him nail his colours to the mast, raise the standard
of the constitution on every high place of the land, let
him fight under the royal banner of England, and call io
his aid all those who love the monarchy, the church, and
the constitution ;—let him do this, we say, and glorious,
triumphant, transcendant, will be the victory.
The conduct of the opposition has, in the most im-
portant sections of the empire, excited the disgust of all
parties. We meet men who called themselves whigs
only a month ago, who are whigs no more. We have
met men who voted for Mr. Ewaaar, who will never
vote fur him again; and there are thouiands of pro-
fessed reformers, anxious for the removal of all abtises,
who, seeing' that place is preferred to principle, and
men to measures, by those who have hitherto, for at
least thirty years, declared that prinCiple was every thing
and plaCe nothing—measures the substance and men the
shadow—now repudiate all connection with the coalition,
composed as it is of such conflicting materials.

. And can we wonder at this ? Can am honeit Eng.'
lishman—we care not what is-the colour of his- politics
—but can any honest Englishman see without disgust
and indignation this country ruled and dictated to by the
priestly faction of. Irehtbd—by men utterly devoid of.
principle and patriotism—led by a demagogue whose
character was drawn in our last number by a friend who
intimately knows him—led by a set of confederated re-
bels who would establish in England the horrible "reign
of terror" which exists in Ireland ? We contend that
it is impossible. Men of good character, and, pure
views, and superior intelligence, may be indiserekfor a
season; but the day of delusion must end, and returning
reason make amends .for paSi folly.'
Such is the state of the cnuntty, and nfrthe„itids of
the tnajority of men, at this juncture. They, degirCifeace,
and they must and will have it. • In the 'speech
from the throne we have the fullest assurance that all
real grivances will be remedied—all real disabilities re-
moved—all real abuses .corrected--all necessary reforms
effected. What more can we possibly want.? In Sir
ROBERT PEEL we have a man who will not promise what
he'does not mean to perform. In him we have no hungry
aspirant to place, who looks not to his promiseS with half
so keen an eye as he clues to quarter-day. He has told
us what he means to do, and who. dares question his
sincerity ? • The opposite party might Plunge• us into
revolution for a brief and terrible period; brit iI is .clear
that, as they have not the confidence of the peciPle of this
country, they are total'', incompetent to carry on the
affairs of the nation. The present is nothing more than
a struggle for office and the emoluments of office, the
latter being a consideration utterly beneath the ambition;
or the desires, or the wants of Sir ROBERT PEEL. Lord
JOHN RUSSELL'S pretended regard for what silly people call
the "working out of the reform bill" is simply a contest
for salary. He has most unexpectedly, add 'inoppor-
tunely perhaps, poor man, been deprived of his pay ;
and, as he and others of his party. considered that the
reform bill was a patent appointment to office for life, he-.
cannot fer the little soul of him understand why he should
be deprived of his imaginary patent and its fruits so
soon. •

.He must, however, bear up against his misfortunes.
There is now no chance for him. He has identified him-
self so much with the beggar and rebel faction of Ireland,
that he is like a weed cast upon the gulf stream: it goes
rapidly away, but never returns.

It has been established beyond all, disputation that
most of our countrymen and countrywomen who have
been induced, by an intense love and admiration of the
boasted institutions of the United States, to visit that
republic, and examine with their own eyes what had ap-
peared so superexcellent to their imagination, have re-
turned to England completely cured of their mania, and
most thoroughly disgusted with the laws, the morals,
and the manners of the people of America. We need
not mention names, for they Must be fatuili,ar to every
intelligent reader. In that country the name of liberty
revery .thing,. and the people areVeaSeiliVith a del.u.•
sion under which the fraudulent speculator thrives and
the loudest declaimer is deemed the worthiest patriot;
but so worthy is he of popular admiration, that he con.
v.erts. the very institutions which he lauds iiito a source
of private gain. A sort of spurious equality, therefore,
ministers to extortion, and what is called purity in the
United States would be called. fraud in England or
France, or even in the worst governed kingdom in Eu-
rope.

We need not, however, borrow from the pages of the
.writers to whom we have alluded, Uor need, wego so
far as New York, or Washington-, to .find. evidetite
proof of these assertions: • We have ample:.evidencein,
the American newspapers. TLe venality and eorrup
tion which prevail in most, if not in all, the'deliartments
of the executive is admitted, exposed, and- loudly cen-
sured, in terms less measured than we have emnioyed,
in all the journals which have the slightest-claim to re-
spectability and intelligence. For instanee,. the New
York Advertiser of the 29th January last, in speaking
of the United States Postoffice department, and the re-
port thereon, just presented to the senate, says:--

" The facts which are disclosed fulfil the predictions that
have heretofore been promulgated, viz., that the second report
would contain evidence of greater misconduct and deeper cor-
ruption than were brought to light by the same 'committee
during the last session.

".From the statements which this abstract furnishes of the
internal condition and general management of the department,
it is impossible, we think, that any matetialdifferencebt opinion
can exist among honest and disinterested persons respecting
its true character. IT IS STEEPED IN CORRUPTION,
and has been perverted frog i its proper course,. tis a great
machine to promote the public and social interests andAtmveni-
ence of the country, to a dangerous engine 'of political. elec-
tioneering.

" If public opinion is not, in sums efficacious inode;'ipcedily
aroulfed ou this subject, the constitution, with all its *benefits,
must fall a sacrifice to the systematic progress of intrigue and
corruption.

"'When the people see what rapid advances have been made
in this species of iniquity in the course of six years past, what
may they not expect, and what may they not fear, in the course
of eight years to come."

The capitals employed in the above extract are not
ours, but those of the paper from which wepke tAe.ex-
trit'at;'-and we, therefi,re, pray the reader to .beit. in
mind that it is not us, but the citizens of Atnerica'ilem-
selves, who charge the extensive department in ques-
tion with being " STEEPED IN, CORRUPTION !"
Some few pragmatical coxcombs have accused us of
"slandering" America, and they have induced one or
two traders, evidently of the racoon species, to bristle
up into a passion, and load our retnarkS and Our , mo-
tives with every kind of vulgar abuse; but we throw the
"slander" back in their teeth, and by quoting. our air-
thority to shavV. the world how very thin-skinned, ig-
norpt, and illiberal must be our defamers.
If the alleged acts of flagrant and unexampled
ruption rested upon ques
.tionable authority, or had their
origin in he
spirit of the journals, we should not
have i
attachedpartottlY them mimportance. But the fact
mso uch
is, Oaten this corruption, venality, and fraud, is brought
home to the executive government of the United States
t
in it parliamentary report founded upon the most in-
controvertible evidence.

In unhappy and misgoverned England we 'have a post-
office, the surplus revenue of which, after defraying all
the. costs and charges of its management, amounts to
upwards of £1,300,000 per annum. In the cheap and
free republic of stripes and stars, the former being
emblems of its philanthropy, and the latter of its purity,
there is a postoffice which has contrived to run into debt
to the extent of several.millions of dollars in.the space of
a very few years. It is the worst establishment of the
kind, take it altogether, 'that ever was formed, for it is at
this moment insolvent. Had its revenues been expended
in giving increased facilities to the. transmission Ikters,
some excuse, on the ground of public utility, might have
been urged for it, although even in that ease it could not
have been exonerated from the charge of mismanagement.
But when the truth is inquired into by a committee, it is

round that it. has jobbed away its ineoute—that its funds

THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

hive been perverted from their legitimate purpose, and
applied to electioneering objects; and to sustain it-system
of political profligacy. In short, the base transactions-
disclosed by the committee were so numerous that it
occupied the senate two days in reading them, and they
are of a charact?r that would disgrace the most deter-
mined swindlers that.ever carried on a specious trade by
means of fictitious bills. • Such is the contrast -bet Ween
the postoffice of England and that of the United States
of North America !

The mode in which these acts of bribery and knavery
are carried on is thus described in the report

_ .
"A practice has of late prevailed extensively in this depart-
ment of advertising proposals for carrying the mail on the
principal mail routes in a different manner from that in
it is in fact to be carried—of receiving bids for carrying• it iu a
different manner from that in which it is advertised; which are
called "improved bids";---of accepting the bids as made:al-
together, and entering their acceptance as applicable to that
part of the bid which conforms to the advertisement, and im-
mediately changing them to the improveu bid, and so execut-
ing the contract; thus in effect letting or making the contract
without advertisement. Thii is a violation of law, .and has
given rise to, and is made the apology for, other violations of
law and official duty."

How happy and fortunate must all th&Sir Jowl :ICUS
Such:a system ! The repOt proeec4 to Show
that all the public contracts are eVadedin this way by the
officers of the Postoffice, arid• that fiVourites alone, and
political agents, the minions of the executive, obtain be-
neficial and highly profitable contracts, in which: the,
clerks of the Postoffice share. It states that in one year
the payments to certain 'contractors., under the cover of
" improved bids,"- exceeded the authorised and legal con-
tracts to the extent of 147,6.32 dollars.

The most singular part of the case is that, while job.
bing was thus progressing to a most nefarious extent, the
postmaster was from time to time presenting reports to
Congress, in which he inyariahly congratulated the pub-
lic on the flourishing state of his. department. Speaking
of the last of .thesereporthe committee pbs'erve,-.
" There is another eireunistAnoe tou.tllling the above named
report which ought not to be entirely Overlooked. It was made
out and presented to congress just before the cotatueucei4ut of
the presidential canvass in 1832; and it was a paper, the ten-
dency of which was to bear upon that election. It held out to
the American people a delusive view of the prosperity of an
important department of the government, and naturally induced
a belief that it was wisely and economically administered, while,
in truth, the public moneys were 'squandered without stint, and:he
department was rapidly sinking to insolcency." •

This article is already too long, but we, cannot resist
noticing a transaction in which an honest republican
quaker cuts a figure, and which is 'worthy of IxET So-
tomoSts and the Old Bailey. A person of the 'name of
REESIDE is found to be considerably in the debt of the
PostofiSce ; but the 'heads of the department, in order to
place their responsibility in the most favourable light,
pretend that a credit of 20,000 dollars stands in their fa..
vour, at 'a certain bank, in the name of R-EsinE. The
committee are not satisfied with this represedtation, and
they proceed to the bank; and here a new light is thrown
upon it.

" Your committee, while in Philadelphia, examined the
books of the North Western Bank, and obtained a statement
of its transactions with the Postoffice departnient, by which it
appears that this sum was raised by Reeside on a draft drawn
by Limself itilavOur of R. C. Stockton, and accepted hy 0. B.
Brown, chief clerk, dated the 29th of April, 1834, and payable
three months after date, which draft was paid by the department
at maturity ; so that as the transaction awl at the time the
account of Reeside was made out and Asented to the com-
mittee, he was entitled to no credit arising from this transaction.
If a credit were entered on the book at the time the draft was
negotiated, then, when the draft was paid by the department,
there should have been a charge of an equal sum against Ree-
side to balance it. This was not dune; and this sum stood as a
credit to Reeside ; and it helped to reduce a balance of 54,369
dollars, which, notwithstanding his large extra allowances, stood
against him on the books of the department on the Ist of April
1834. Your committee called upon Obadiah B. Brown to ex-
plain this transaction, and lie stated that the draft on which
Reeside raised this money had not become due until some time
in the month of November, and that since that time there had
been no settlement with the bank so that the credit could, in the
ordinary course of things, be entered. A member of your
committee then, in the hewing of the witness, asked for the
statement of the cashier of the Western Bank of Philadelphia,
and the paper not being in. the committee-room it was sent for,
and the witnesf, was „dismissed until it should be brought in.
After a ihcirt time the witness ieturn4tr;',l;tareclihat he had
been mistaken; that the charge against Mr. Reeside was omitted
by mistake, and` was also by mistake entered againit 'R. C.
Stockton, but that he had promptly corrected the entri (in the
books and that it was all right. Yuur committee directed the
witness to bring iu the books in which :be had made the cor-
rection; he did so, and showed 710 lest than serhn' erasurs and
changes of entry which he had caused to be made in the books in
the short time that your committee had respited him pont examina-
tion. The credit which is due to books thus kept and thus
altered to suit emergencies of the occasion, cap be readily ap-
preciated by the senate."
0! OBADIAH B. BRowNi—many aTtikan has been
haned for less than this. .I.l7nat would be thought of an
English merchant, even of the third rate i.:las"S-; if he kept
books in this manner ? Bitt the trick is too 'barefaced to.
hide. It smells rank of fraud, of the most impudent
. •
corruption, of systematic profligacy.

We must conclude for the present with a short extract
from the report :

" So numerous and so great are the abuses which have grown
up in this department, that reform has become absolutely ne-
cessary; but the measures by which it is to fo effected are by
no meatus free from embarrassment. They are the more diffi-
cult, as many of the evils which require a remedy du not arise
from defects in the existing law ;. but from an habitual disregard
of plain legal provisions. They may, however, be principitlly
traced to the absolute and unchecked power whirls a single
vidual holds over the resources and disbursements, and 4411 the vast
machinery of this department." . •

A "single individual"---what!—in America'? Im-
possible: AmeriCa is ii,republic—a free republic, where
all men are equal, and enjoy the blessings of cheap go-
vernment purely administered7--how tben can one man
have unchecked power This would be despotism.
Such, however, is the strong language of a committee
of the senate, Which is composed of most honourable
and intelligent men in the United States, and yet there
are spoonbills here who accuse .oOf "sladdering" Ame-
.
rica

LONDON L4TES7' NEWS.

City, licqf-past Seven y'dt;ik, IrcdneSclayEcetting.

In the Foreign Market there has been an advance on;•ilf the
various securities; Portuguese from 94, rising t o 92i, anti clos-
ing at 911 1' Spanish Bonds from 571 rose to 581, and closed at
58, and the Scrip from 4i. rose to 51 pin., and left off at 51 pni.
Chilian Bonds have risen :to 44k, and Columbian .to 37: The
following are the closing prices:—

Back Stock • " A'24.Brazilian..,• a S 3 i
Si
3 per Cent •Iteduced: ...911 ''',Y2 Chilitin ......1 . 43:!-4. 411
3 per Cent Consuls 9li ' Columbia-1i , 34 :1,37
3- per Cents... V, i iDutch 5 per Cetits.... ltrA. i q
New 33. i per Cent5....94 1-1 llitio 24 per Ceuts -4)5)
4
India Bonds • 17 18,111exicau
Exchequer Bills 31 3fi!Russian - 1101
Consols for Act..9li 1 A, i 1 i iaSpatiish 571 X 81 8
Belgian ... 102 i 102 Scrip .
41 N-51
The following accounts from the Spanish and from the Swe-
dish and• Norwegian consulates were this afternoon posted at
Lloyd's : ' .

"SPANISH CONSULATE,,"
12, Artillery-place, Finsbury, Feb.- 24, 1835.
" catholic Majesty, the Qttee-n of -Spain, having
determined to extend to British' vessels the grace which, by the
royal decree of the 11th of December of the last year her Ma-
jesty was pleased to chncede to Spaniards or being able to ship
goons of lawful commerce from the ports of Colunna, Bilboa,
Gijon, and Santaudez, subject to the same clauses and condi-
tions as expressedin the said royal decree. I' commuuicate .the
same to you, and request v.ai will give to tile said resolution the
usual publicity, for the information of the merchants of this
capital. (Signed) 6: PEDRO ORTIZ Us ZACIAIITI.
" To W. Dobson, Esq."
"11011ALSWEDSH AND NORWI,GIAN GENERAL CONSULATE,
" 17, Great St. Feb.. 25, 1835.
" Slr,-1 beg leave to acquaint you, for the information of all
whom it may concern, that the royal board of trade at Stock-
holm, bas, under date the 9th inetaut, declared the following
places free from cholera tuorbus, viz., all the harbours in East
Friesland and Oldenburg, London, and all places on the
Thames, Colchester, Yarmouth, Glasgow, and New York.
" It is,.therefure, with sincere pleasure last I beg leave to
notice, that all places in Great Britain and Ireland are now
in Sweden declared, free of cholera morbus.
(Signed) "Ctrs aLas Torria.
"To W. Dobson,- Esq."

MARRYING Two SlsTnits.—ln the Consistory Court on Fri-
day, the office of Judge was promoted in order to set aside a
mat riage. In 18 1, Anne. daughter of Charles Goodland, and
wife of Mr. Ramsdale, died. It) a feW months after, Joan, the
sister of Anne, and a widow, was married to Mr. Lamsdale,
and this marriage it was now sought to nullify.—Dr, Lishing-
ton said, that there were sonic doubts whether the mother of
the two sisters was nut a married woman when she contracted
marriage with Charles Goodland; ,but where a Marriage had
taken place su long ago as 1795, and by banns, the Court must
take it for granted that such marriage was legal. I-Ic thought
also that a cohabitation with a natural sister of a former wife,
had so long since as two hundred )ears, been solemnly deliber-
ated upon, and decided that such connection was illegal. Up-
on another point he must take time to cousider.— Judgment
postponed.

THE' AMERICAN' 'PACKETS: 'vt!'

Our attention has been called to an article in the.
Liverpool Times of Tuesday, which some amateur ad:
yocate, evidently of potent silliness, has been .induced to
write in.defence 'of his occasional empl6yerS against cer-
tain observations which appeared in this journal of Fri-
day last. We acquit 'our contemporary of the Times,
with great good will, for we-knoth that the article was not.
written by any party connected with that establishment.
The writer, as instructed, sets out by saying:—
" The merchants of Liverpool connected with the different
lines of packets which ply between this port and the •United
States having withdrawn their adrertisemente- from the LivEa-
Pool. STANDARD. in consequence of the infitravas attacks made
by that paper on the government and people of America, the
proprietors and managers have suddenly been seized • with a
'nlo4 disinterested desire to have a set of 'British packets plying
between Liverpool and the States, in opposition to the Ameri-
can lines."

"Infamous attacks!" Hard words, these, sir scribe

but we retort them.

We care not who the writer is—

whether he he a one-eight per cent. politician, or a one-
fourth,according to the current of the market—whether
he be looking out for commissiOns or for bread, both being
dependent•upon his servility--.--whether he be an English-
man in disguise, currying favour with an American sta-
pler, or some new fledged schoblmaster, anxious to make

the world believe that a New York skippe:r can write ,a
letter in tolerable English—but whoever he is, we accuse
him of mean and deliberate falsehood. We have made
no infamous attacks upon the trade, the commerce.,.the
government, or the people of the United States of Ame-
rica. We have preferred no clrarges of .a national kind
which we have not borrowed from the journals of the
United States, and the reports of- senatorial committees,.
as will be' found in another article. What charges we
have made will speak• for themselves; they are not our
charges, although we do most conscientiously believe

that they are well founded and unanswerable.

The writer in the Times is pleased, to tell the world,
no doubt with the. generous intention of injuring us,
Ithat "The merchants of Liverpool conliected with tip.,
(different lines of American •.p 35.4kts have withdrawn
their advertisements -frow the LINCRPOOL STANDARD."
This also is a paltry inisrepreSkitation. They - could
not withdraw that which we -never possessed..T. A mem-
ber of the late liberal government wrote to a depart
ment in Liverpool, commanding, . in the most imperative
,termi, that all government advehisements'should "be
withdrawn from the LIVERP9OI, STANDARD. The shal-
low and irritable person in question did not 'take the
pains to inquire into the fact, viz., that. we never bad
been favoured with any advertisements.frorn the govern-
ment. Just so with the hireling. of the packet-inasters.
We have had occasionally an advertisement from one or
two most respectable houses, which, melancholy to re-
late; are stopped ! We, therefDre, have lost some three-
and sixpence a-week, a large surd, to be sure, which
must affect our income to a serious, if not ruinousextent.
This is, however,'tbe " tottle of the whole."
The malignant object of the writer is to inform tile
'Public, under the cloak of falsehood, that the American
advertisements are uithdrawn from this paper. But
this poor artifice will not answer his purpose. We are
proud.to say that this journal is -read by twenty mer-
chants and• shipowners, all over Edgland and Scot-
land, for one that reads the piper in which his slander
appears. If the Americans do not choose to advertise ,
with us that is their business more than ours:: • If they
cannot afford to be liberal, they ought to know that we
cannot compromise our independence.
As to extolling British ships in preference to American
ones, we have yet to learn, the truth being On our side,
that that is dot the duty of every Englishman who loves
his country. There are, unfortnnately for our father-
land, in these times, a great -redundancy of needy em-
pities, and spurious philanthropists, who, according to
their sickly conceits, imagine they advocate the princi-
ples of universal benevolence when they prOmote the in-
terests of foreigners at the expense of Great Britain.
These superficial creatures are numerous enough. We
meet with them everywhere;- but, thank God, we enter-
tain no such opini?ns.,'.We know no-' country but our
own sea-girt isle. \Velook first to our own land-marks,
because it is our duty; the eharity which we teach begins
at home; .and those who 'teach a different doctrine are
not Of our class; fur` theca to be the worst enemies
of their country. •

We shall continue, therefore, despite all venomous
attacks and perfidious pretext. 4, to uphold the interests of
English commerce against the greatly overrated preten-
sions of the Americans, and shall,' on public grounds, in-
variably give the preference to a Liverpool ship over a
New York packet. These are our principles, and we
mistake much if they be not in strict accordance with the
principles of the inhabitants of Liverpool generally.
We pass by the allusion to the " red pinel.' and the
"durability" for the present; (being quite satisfied that
we can establish all we have asserted.) in order to notice
the next charge. The writer says—" The insinuation
that United States ships are not ,Yafe is infamously false."
Hard words again! The Commissioned scribe takes
too many liberties. We insinuated nothing. We did
not say that the American ships are "not safe." This
is a falsehood impressed for the sake of effect, but it is
worthy of the. advocate. What we did say was this :
that as British. built ships are stronger and more durable,
they are consequently, more safe than American ships.
We adhere to the postulate. and its corollary.. This is
the first time that we ever heani italisputed that a Bri-
tish-built ship, of the tirst-eIaSS, was not stronger and
more durable than. an American one of the same class.
We should like to hear the fact questioned by any man
whose opinion is of any value. It cannot be disputed ;
on the contrary it can easily be prUved by the extent of
survivorship, to use a law term, in reference to the ves-
sels trading to this port, and belonging to Liverpool and
American owners. If the survivorship can be proved
(as it can) the durability is
,at 'Once established, for
strength and durability give the measure- of safety.
In short there is no comparison. between the two.
There is not an American packet of sufficient strength to
sustain the weight of any large quantity of heavy goods.
The best of them could not carry fetirliundred hogsheads
of sugar across- the Atlantic in rough weather without
being shaken to pieces. Nay, 'mare,. in order to insure
safety and allay public apprehension, the agents fre-
quently state iu their advertiseinents that they will not
carry iron or heavy goods. 'ThOrlightest accident in-
jures them. Loek at the United States a few weeks ago,
as fine a vessel as the best of theM; She touched the
grodnd, gently, almost imperceptiblya on-the west shore,
when laden *ith a valuable but light:dargo. What were
.the consequences. She had to put into the Graving
-Dock, where she was detained a very considerable space
of time, the cargo meanwhile havinklalie discharged.
He proceeds to say, " the assertion that the fittings-up
of the cabins of American ships are ''elaborately vulgar,'
is as false as the otheri.", False !.-how so ? Are you such
a booby as not to know that the eabinet 'and upholstery I
work of a ship's cabin, as well as any. other apartment for
dining, smoking, or sleeping in, is entirely a matter of
taste ? There can be nothing "false" in it but on the
score of taste. Your taste may be exquisite, and ours
" vulgar," but none but a blockhead would impute false-
hood in either case. We
.assert that the- style of the
Ano-rican cabins is elaborate, ultra-decorative, costly,
but flashy in its ornaments, gorgeous like the Lord Mayor
,of London's state-coach, rich in gilt and glitter, and pro-
fuse in mirrors and glass balustradea. The cabinet work
is all well enough in its way. It- would have a splendid
appearance in a third-rate tavern or a gin palace. The
various and curious woods are surpassingly beautiful. It
is quite a treat to see the bird's-eye maple set off with a
dash of the tail of the yellowharnmer, and the deep
thunder shades of the fleshwood relieved by gleams of
lightning, all natural, all adMirably polished, and no doubt
considered superb and most " particularly handsome"
in Boston, Baltimore, and New York ; btit nevertheless
in out humble estimation ridiculously " vulgar:.
This we say again is purely a matter of taste, but the
'scribe of the packets has no right .to priinounce it false
without proving that it is a taste which those who are the
acknowledged arbiters in such matttrs are unwilling to
' sanction.
As to the South Sea trade, the whale fishery, and the
'number of British ships lost at sea, these have nothing
'to do with the question, and wr are nut to be dragged
into a controversy about sea serpents. With respect, to t
the rates of insurance, we shall probably' have a few
words to say in our next; but when the writer makes
his appeal "to every man, woman, and child in Liver-
pool" as to the gent eelity of his taste, we cannot help
laughing. We have no doubt the majority would be

• 'with hiriac' part entiirly tlee !at ildrert, -bat. ;that.- Would
not remove or refute the charge of vulgarity. .
Lastly, for the pyesent, we are accused of attacking
private . property.-• We • dent it. If giving a - pre-
ference to, and upholding the vast superiority of British
ships over the Ships of the United States be attacking
private property, we glory in doing it. Too long have
these foreigners been allowed to acquire areputation at
our expense, end too • long have the public been. de-
ceived as to the quality of their vessels, • the swiftness of
their sailing, the liberafity .of. their terms, .and the con-
venience , and somfurt of their acconundationa.- 'These
delusions must be brushed away. - We are anxious to
see the British shipowner participating in a trade which
is alike profitable and honourable, which would give
employment to our own seamen, -and satisfy travellers
of all kinds that the voyage, from Liverpool toNew York,
in a Liverpool ship, fitted for the express purpose, can
be as speedily-and,- at least., as safely performed, under
the direction of our own navigators in cabins as com-
fortably,- and still more chastely and elegantly finished.
If this be attacking private property, all we can tell our
opponents is, that we mean to persist in it. We shall
not rest satisfied till we see the British flag: waving
where it ought to wave—in places where the. republican
banner has the Monopoly. •
It is amusing to be accused of injuring the private pro-
perty of ." the gentlemen interested in • the American
packets." Who are those gentlemen ? Can it be true
that there are gentlemen in Liverpool who own property
under the American flag, and who invest their capital to
employ foreign in preference to British sailors, when so
many of the latter, after bleeding in defence of their
country, ate now starving in the streets and bye-lanes of
England ? We are assured that there are such men in
the town of Liverpool, and who are recegnised as pa-
triots. ;But we can .hardly believe .it. ;If there be such
men, there. is not a word of reproach, or contumely, or
shatrie too harsh or too grating to,he. hurled against
them, for they, deserve to: be driven. out of English
society.

The public are further it.CorMed by this commissioned
scribe, that our motives for assailing the fir packets con-
sist in our wish to annoy "political opponents." I thank
the Jew for teaching me that word ! So, then, the. own-
ers of these foreign vessels are our political opponents?
If so; it is our turn to complain. The people ,of Liver-
pool will now perceive who are the parties who minister
to tae levelling and destructive factions of the, town, and
inspired.by republicanism would pull down the altar and
the throne.. We Consider• it .a disgrace to' the laws of
England that such be allowed to med-
dle with our national and doMesticconcerns. But the
riddle is solved. • We now see.how.it is that the adver-
tisements,of these patriots are found:in mOst,extravagant
profusion in the radical fjOtirnals-4n 'papers, in short,
'which have little or no circulation, and which are rarely
seen by tile mercantile .classeS. This article is already
too long,-or we should attempt to analyse this sort of
political patronage as exhibited in the Liverpool Times
and some of its contemporaries. But there is a good
time coming.

LANCASTER Assizrs.-L--The Lancaster assizes are fixed for
Saturday, the 14th March next. Bute Day before the assizes,
Thursday, the 19th February instant. Rule Day after the as•
sizes, Tgursdav, the 16th April next. Records to be ordered
on Friday? this 27th day of February instant; in all actions
where the issuea.sha.ll have been made up on or previous to that
day. The Ballot for the order in which the Jury Process shall
be Issued from the Prothonotary's Office will take place at Lan-
caster immediately after,the opening, of the Commission on the
evening of the first day of the assizes as usual. Declarations
against Defendants in Gaol, on Writs of Capias or Detainer,
must be filed on or before Tuesday, the 17th March. In pur-
suance of the General Mule of Court of September assizes, 1g34,
the Causes at the next assizes will be entered and tried in the
following order:-Ist List for Lousdale, Ainounderness, Black-
burn, and Leyland Hundreds. 24 List for Salford Hundred.
:3tl List for West Deibv Hundred, and Places out of the
County. Witnesses in all Causes in the,first List must be ready
to go into Court at the opening of the Court on Monday morn-
ing, the 16th March; in all Causes in the second List, at the
opening of the Court on Tuesday, the 17th Marc,h ; and .in all
Causes in The third List, at the opening of the Court on Friday,
the 20th March.
ACCIDENT ON THE RAILWAY.—On Friday morning, as the
first-class train which leaves Liverpool at seven o'clock arrived
within a short distance of .the Leigh Arms Hotel, Newton, the
waggon immediately attached to the engine was thrown off the
rails, owing, we believe, to one-of the wheels giving way. So
violent was the concussion that a portion of the railway was
toru up, and the springs of several of the carriages were da-
maged. No personal injury was sustained, and prompt assist-
ance being rendered, the train was enabled to proceed after a
short delay.

TIIE DUBLIN CHINA TRADE.—The Hellas, Captain Scanlan,
made her passage front Canton to Dublin in 121 days. Sho ie a
clipper-built schooner, 210 tons register. The Dubtiti
Mail says:—The idea of trading directly from Dublin to China,
first originated with Mr. Charles Bewley, one of the firm of
Bewley and Sons, whose Obituary we lament to have to record
in our paper this day. Captain Scanlan is a native of this city;
he is the first Irishman who ever enteredthe port of Canton in
command of .a vessel direct from Ireland. Our mercantile
readers may be anxious to learn the partienlars of the cargo.
It is us follows : 350 chests Bohea ; .2206 chests and boxes
Congou ; 152 boxes Orango Pekoe, and 50U boxes Caper
Congou.

PitIiSIiNTATiON OF A PIECE OF PLATS:.—A splendid and gra-
tifving tribute of respeact,bas lies,npresentect to, the Itex,,,,tkorge
' -Vinbrugh 'LL,B. whose resignation of the irthiablerrectOry of
Aughtou, Lancashire, was some time ago announced in this
journal. The motive of the reverend gentleman in taking this
step, as stated in his farewell address to his parishioners, reflects
equal credit upon himself and upon the church in which-he has
.been, for upwards of half a century, a most exemplary minister.
Feeling that he could not conscientiously retain the emoluments
of a henetiee,-the duties of 'which he was unable, through ad-
vancing years, adequately to perform, he at once came to the
determination to resign it, affOrding in this act en instance of
disinterestedness and of personal sacrifice to printiple in strict
accoriance with the lihorality and benevolence by *bids his
whole life has been distinguished.- His retirement, however, is
accompanied with the unabated attachment Of hisparishioners
and friends, who- conjointly, in testimony of their respect to
him as a man and Christian pastor, have presented him with a
costly vdse ofmassive silver, richly embossed, upon the pedestal
of wEieli is the following inscription .—" To the Rev. LI:OLGU
VANORUGH, LLB_ late Rector of Aughton, Lahcashire,,Pre-
bendary of Wells, Chaplain to his Royal Highness the Duke of
Gloucester, and to the Lord Bishop of Bath and Wells. This
testimonial is presented by.the parishioners of Aughton, and by
other friends, as a tribute of unfeigned regard to one, whose life,
during his incumbency of forty-eight years, and uninterrupted
residence among them for a period of forty-three years, has been
aliright Pattern of all that adorns the pastoral character. 'bin.
Dim. 183-I." Liverpool Courier.
CRAPI.AIN TO TUE HOUSE OF COMMONS.—The Speaker has
given this appointment to the Rev. John Vane, a natural son of
the late Sir Harry Vane Tempe.t, suit half-brother to the Mar-
diioness of Londonderry. Mr. Vane was, and, we believe, still
is, a Fellow of Dulwich-College. He was also chaplain to the
Master of the Rolls during the time Sir John Leach held that
office.

CHESTER CONSTITUTIONAL CI.UrS.-Our friends will per-
ceive, by an advertisement in the first page, that a meeting is
about to be held in the Town-hall, in this city, for the purpose
of forming a constitutional conservative club: and, we have no
doubt that the appearances of the times will induce a great
number of individuals to enrol themselves as membera.—Chester
Courant.

LAUNCH or THE STEAM SHIP " CITY or .GLASGOW."—OrI
Monday. Port-Glusgow was again the vette of one of those
spirit-stirring occuri criers which have of late tended so much to
increase the celebrity of our river, and extend the nante.and
fame of our native artisans. On that day there was launChcd,
from the building yard of Mr. J.-Wpod, one of the most. splen-
did steam vessel's which that ingenious and scientific gentleman
has vet produced; and when we recollect that the "Dundee"
and " Perth" steam ships were lamechvd front the work, it wi!l
be felt us no small compliment to the launch of Monday. , She
was named the "City of Glasgow"--is the property of the City
of Glasgow Steam-packet Co., and is intended for the Glasgow
and Liverpool trade, as a consort for the 'Vulcan and John
Wood; and, truly, the City of 'GI of
her namesake.

fm the Glasgov: •
and 45 feet itenss
beau the admiral

celled in any sp:
by Mr. Robt. Y

calculated. from

engines, (being
not surpass, any
has attained a iii
vessels, and th,

c,,Utiibute much

Glasgow Courier
We regret to a'
took place yestt

consequence of
Morning Post.
Ttts UtijVEltS

have been na►n

vacant seat it) pa
elavation of Sir

Occasion. The fi
of London, and
Sir Frederick P.

the latter offer

H ut in gdou, for
will be a eandidai

LANDLOGD AN•
CATIIOIIC GENTLNIC 101,- ~,leperz4,7lt states,
that Mr. J. E. Redmond. agent to a br.inish of the Bank of
i• Ireland, in Wexford, and brother of that hightnindeil and in-
dependent catholic gentleman, one of the late candidates for
the county Wexford, Patrick Walter
Esq„ proposed at a meeting of the protestant gentry
held at Enniseorty, the following resolution That on the
the representation of
expiration of the leases of the present catholic tenantry (who
„tea against their landlordo their places should be .tilled
proteStauts and independent. catholies, and where that was not
found practicable, not to renew any leases, in order to de rive
then of their franchise." This is doing the business, and if
this resolution be followed up, the county Wexford will soon be
rescued from priestly domination. The agitators may depend
npon it that their reign is drawing near its end, and if the pro-
testants and such men as the Messrs. Redmond unite, they will
soou reslorc peace to Ireland by the prostration of those vile
incendiaries who are waging war against property in this un-
haßpy country —Carlow Seotior/.
From the Lisbon papers we learn that on the 14th instant the
royal consort of the Queen, haling taken the oaths of qualifica-
tion, assumed his seat in the Chamber of Peers, and delivered
his maiden speech in that assembly in support of the present
administration. The only subject of interest, .which had been
discussed in the Chambers of JJeputieslsas a Prolea of later re-
lative to the sale of church property. 'which terwinatedina way
satisfactory to the parties most-interested. It stated that one
of the reforms contemplated by the. governmert in the
.Church
,estahlisloueut has for its object to permitpriests'to marry. :This
regulation, ;th adopted, will do much. to.separate the 'prirstbood
from the see o't Borne, and to unite them wore closely wi.th the
people, by giving to each a common iutetesr, and creating an
association between them. One of the most prevalent reports. of
the day in the political circles of Lisboa is, that Count villa
Real is shortly to proceed to London as, ambassador from the
court of Lisbon, and that his post in the ministry, that of
secretary for foreign affairs, will ha taken by the Duke of
Palmella.

..... ..,.....,.....
emu ships were launched from 'the work, it wi!l
'all compiinient.to the launch of Monday. , She
"City of Glasgow"--is the property of the City
am-packet Co., and is intruded for the Glasgow
trade, as a consort for the 'Vulcan and John
.uly, the City of 'Glasgow may well be proud of
She is the largest vessel that has vet been built
• trade, being about nil) feet from 'stein to stern,
s the wings. The elegance of her symmetry has
itton of the scicUt:4,,,..and is certainly not ex-
essei afloat. fler'inachinery is to he furnished
.rapier, of the VultYatt Foundry here, and it ii'
i the beauty of hanieuid and the power of her
about 230 horses.) -that' her speed will equta, if
'Vessel built in the kiugdom. The river:Clyde
iroud pre-eminence in the production-of steam
ie new "City of . Glasgow" will undoubtedly
h to establisia and eolith m that :character.—
announce the death of Lord Sce,borough, which
terday at Marcome Moor, neat' Doncaster,' in
being thrown from his horse while hunting.—
STTY OF CAmaitivort.74iin learned gentlemen
led as candidates f ';:te honour of filling the
srliatnent for this uaq
rsity, which the expected
r Charles Mannersl utton to the peerage 'will
first is the lion Charles swan Law, Recorder
the brother of. Lord Ellen boroug'n, the secoed
"i)the preSent Attorney-General. Should
himself
_lo' will have to resign his seat for
r which Office, in that case, Sir George Murray
ate.
s o TENA IN T.—SPIRITEII CoNDUCT OF A ROMAN
rToist s N.—Tlie. Wexford In .1 epend Pnt States.
