PORTUGAL.

LISBON, JAN. 3.—The Queen reopened the chambers yester-
day with the following speech from the throne :
QUEEN'S SPEECH.
"Noble Peers of the kingdom, and Deputies of the Portu-
guese nation,—l have again the satisfaction to see-assembled
in this place the illustrious representatives of the nation called-
together by law,-to continue to employ themselves in the consi-
deration of those important tasks which have been committed
to their zeal and wisdom. .

" I congratulate you upon this important occasion, that we'
see placed in operation the constitutional charter by the meet-
ing of the ordinary cortes, which unfortunate events so long
prevented.
"During the. sbort interval which has passed between the
prorogation of the extraordinary session and this meeting of_the
regular cortes, it was not to he expected that any material
aiterations should occur in the progress of public affairs. How-
ever, I can assure you that all former agitations have in a great
degree vanished, and that the inconvenient position from which
we have escaped begins to yield to a state of things more quiet
and more tranquil. The government will endeavour to main-
tain and improve the state of things, respecting the law, and
making the law respected; and they expect the co-operation of
the cortes to obtain this important end.
"Ore of the means to obtain this end is, without doubt, to
regulate, by fixed and well-considered laws, the two principal
branches of the public. administration—l mean the judicial and
that which is more particularly called the administrative; be-
cause on these depend the proper distribution ofjustice—public
and-individual security—the interest of the country and' of the
people—and the maintenance of the property, not only of the
state, but of the citizens.
"The subsistence of that respected class, the ecclesiastic pas-
tors, has been already an object of consideration with the
cortes. The government has taken the necessary measures to
put the wishes of the cortes into due execution.
"The public credit of the state presents a favourable aspect;
and I have reason to hope that, with the powers already granted
by the cortes to the government, they will be enabled to im-
prove greatly this essential branch of the administration.
"The examination of the estimate which shall be presented
to the cortes wilt enable them to exercise a prudent judgment,
and inspire such resolutions as may be afterwards feund neces-
sary to raise the public revenues to the highest possible state of
improvement, and, at the same time, to provide sufficiently for
the expenses of the state. .'
"The law of mortgage, as proposed by government, is intr
mately connected with this subject, as there may be expected to
fol.ow from it the reciprocal confidence of the citizens in their
transactions and contracts, and in the more easy and secure
employment of their capital' fortheir own and general benefit.
"Tile laws of ministerial or•ganization, and of the resppnsibi-
lily of the ministers and public employes demand also the atten-
tion of the cortes, because they have to give more regularity
and facility to the expedition of public business, and assure to
the citizens a guarantee of their rights. Finally, it will be the
duty of the cortes to fix the extent of naval and land forces, in
conformity with the constitutional charter. In doing this they
will have regard to the geographical and political state of the
nation, to our external relations, and to the frequent corres-
pondence which wo must maintain with our rich and important
ultra-marine dominions.
"I confide in the zeal, wisdom, and patriotism of the cortes,
feeling that with these objects before them, they will not lose
sight of others which are also requisite for the complete deve-
lopment of the principles of the constitutional charter, and for
the purpose of making the yeople appreciate justly their bene-
ficial results, and loving from their hearts the system which
produces them.
"Our situation with regard to foreign powers has not suffered
any change, and I have full confidence that the intimate rela-
tions which now exist between Portugal and her allies and
friends will be continued, and successively re-established with
all other nations. . . _

" Deputies of the Portuguese nation, it is your .particular
province to supply the government with the subsidies necessary
to meet the expenses of the public administration. The state
of the receipts, as compared with the expenses, is far from in-
spiring, despondency, but, on the contrary, it offers grounds fur
confidence. The government will observe the most rigid eco-
nomy, and desire, with the co-operation of the cortes,to pro-
ceed with useful refortns, feeling certain that they will find
illustrated in your prudence and patriotism, reciprocal inten-
tions and efficient aid.
"Noble peers of the kingdom and deputies of the Portuguese
nation,—Your task is laborious and difficult, demanding your
continued application, and your incessant efforts. I am confident,
however, that no difficulties will be found superior to your zeal,
and that you will never lose sight of that grand prize which you
hope for, as the end of your labours—that, alone which is worthy
of the noble ambition of generous souls—the full approbation of
your contemporaries, and the grateful commendation of pos-
terity."
It is currently reported this evening that the government has
come to the resolution of proroguing. the chambers for a week
or two. The reason for this determination is variously stated.
News has arrived from Rio de Janeiro, of some commotions
there, which will probably throw the imperial infants upon the
charity of this country: other accounts represent the news from
Spain as anything but favourable for the constitutional cause
here. The troops are gradually marching to the frontier, as if
the Spanish regent were not quite secure of her position. All
this, added to the equivocal state of the finances, has caused no
small excitement here these few days past.

EDITORIAL. APOLOGY.—The editor of a newspaper at Colum-
bes, Ohio, apologises for the non-appearance of his paper on the
regular time of Rublicdtmn, by saving that he was engaged
during that day in cow-hidinw a fellow who had slandered him,
and didn't get through early enough to get on with his paper.

THE GENERAL ELECTION.

NORTHEIIN DIVISION OF LANCASHIRE.

(From the Second Edition of Tuesday's Standard.)

The election of two members for the northern division of
this county commenced yesterday. There having been a show
.of opposition iu the rumour that Mr. Townley, jun., of Town-
ley, would e, me forward to ccinkst the division, the two late
members, J. W. Patten, Esq. and Lord Stanley, early last week
visited their constituents, and Lord Stanley addressed bodies of
electors on Thursday at Ulverstou, and on Saturday at Lancas-
ter, but his speech, we understand, scarcely elicited a single
cheer, and at his close his friends were unable to " get up" a
shout at all, insomuch that one of his friends pronounced.it " the
most stupid mob ever addressed." - . _

Yesterday morning,. at ten o'clock, the two candidates ap-
peared in court;' Mr. Patten was accompanied by Townley
Parker, Esq., of Cuerdon, Col. Braddyll, Conishead Priory,
T. R. G. Braddyll, Egg., Myles Sandys, juu. Esq., Tytup Hall,
Jas. Penny Marshall, Esq., Roger Taylor, Esq.; Finsthwaite,
Rev. Wm. Thursby. Rev. Robert Masters, Cu!. Parker, Geo.
Jarson, Esq., P. 1-1. Fleetwood, Esq., M.P. fur Preston, T. J.
Knowlys, Esq., Heysham, T. B. Crosse, Esq., Rev. Robert

Gibson, George Clayton, Esq., &c. &c.
Lord Stanley was attended, amongst otherfriends, by P. E.
Townley, Esq., Townley; John Bolden, Esq., Wyning; Wm.
Gale, Esq.; John Dalton, Esq.; Edward Hornby, Esq. ; Geo.
Marton, Esq.; James Starkie, Esq.
At a quarter past ten T. J. Trafford, Esq., the High Sheriff,
accompanied by John Addison, Esq., as his assessor, and T,
Burchall, Esq., the Under Sheriff, took their seats in court,
when the proceedings of the day commenced, and after the
High Sheriff had taken the usual oath, he inquired whether any
one had a candidate to propose.
Townley Parker, Esq., then came forward, and proposed
John Wilson Patten, Esq., of Bank-hall.
The nomination was seconded by T. R. G. Braddyll, Esq., of
Conishead Priory, but we cannot give even an outline of their
speeches, able though they were, as we are anxious to give as
much as time and space will permit, of the address of Lord
Stanley.
P. g. Townley, Esq., proposed his lordship, and John Bol-
den, Esq., seconded the nomination.
J. Wilson Patten, Esq., then came forward, and, in a speech
of some length, explained his political opinions, and avowed
his determination to support the administration of Sir Robert
Peel, if they acted on the spirit of that right honourable gen-
tleman's address to his constituents.
Lord Stanley then came forward, and was received with as
warm plaudits as those which greeted his colleague. When
the cheering had subsided, he said he fully and entirely con-
curred with his honourable friend who had just addreised them,
that before the electors proceeded to discharge that important
duty which they were edited upon to do that day, they should
have fully and 'distinctly before them, from their own lips if
need be, but from their own acts if possible, the opinions of
those who ventured to solicit the honour of becoming their re-
presentatives. (Cheers.) It was fortunate for him on the pre-
sent occasion that he had no new opinion to profess—no doubt-
ful votes to explain awky—uo alteratiOn to anaottace to them.
The same that he was srhen he last addressed them—the same
that he was when he fist entered upon public life—the same
he appeared before them that day.—(Loud and long applause.)
His honourable friend had apologised to hint for taking a leaf
out of his book.* Ile could assure him, that so far from consi-
dering it an annoyance, it was a gratification for him to find not
only him, but also those who had been opposed to him, gradually
taking one leaf after another out of his book. (Applause and
laughter.) He rejoiced to find that not only his hon. friend,
but also all, with the exception of a very small party who were
going to dangerous extremes, that they were prepared to go
with public opinion—not to shrink from salutary alterations,—
from salutary reform. (Cheers ) Nay more, he had listened
to the speech of his honourable friend with great attention, and
he had read the address of Sir Robert Peel to his constituents
at Tamworth with the utmost attention, and it appeared to him
that both breathed nothing but sound constitutional whig doc-
trine. (Loud cheers, and " No, no.") They breathed the
spirit of reform without the fear of innovation, which was the
great bugbear a few years ago. They breathed that spirit of
attachment to the constitution, which he believed an'd would
venture to affirm, accompanied with rational reform, had ever
been the opinion of the whig party to which he-had the honour
to belong. (Cheers.) He came before them then, not so much
to claim their support; as to explain the motives which had
actuated his conduct in the present position of public affairs.
Ile would not go back to those measures which were carried.
into effect by the government of Lord Grey, to which he had
the honour to belong—measures with which he cordially con-
curred—nor would he refer to thit great measure (the emanci-
pation of the neg,rnes) alluded to by his honourable friend who
proposed him, further than to say he was the humble instrument
in the hands of government of carrying it through the House
of Commons,—a measure which bears upon the face of it the
noble attributes of religion, humanity, justice, and ttuth.
He withdrew from the government of Earl Grey, for he felt, in
tunes like the present, public men who shrunk from their &opt
in leaving a government with which they were not cordially in
opinion, were not less criminal than those who took office from
corrupt motives. (Cheers, and cries of " Hear.") The admini-
stration of Earl Grey supported a measure which, in his mind,
endangered the existence of the protestant church in Ireland—
(cheeri)—it was a measure which he opposed in 1824, which he
deemed necessary to oppose again in 1834, and on which he
could not, without sacrificing his own honour and consistency,
do less than leave the administration. (Applause.) The ad-
ministration of Lord Melbourne succeeded that of Lord Grey. ;
and he would not conceal from them that there were men in
that administration with whom he was united by the closest
ties, but he owned he did not feel the same confidence in it as in
the administration of Loud Grey. However, with the downfal
of that administration he had nothing to do, and should pass on
to explain his conduct on being offered to take part in the pre-
sent government the country, because it was necessary for
him and for them to know that he had been actuated by
right motives in coming to the conclusion he had. (Cheers.)
it so happened that, shortly after the dissolution of the late
ministry, be met accidentally those friends with whom he
had most cordially acted, and, as it was a very general re-
port that the offer would be made to them, they. naturally
discussed the line of conduct they intended to pursue, and he
thought it due to them and to himself, and snore particularly
to one of his hon. friends who was then standing his trial at
another election, to say there was no difference of opinion—that
there was not the slightest wavering as to the part they should
take, and he trusted that they would believe they were not
actuated by any factious or unworthy motives. He alluded to
this in consequence of what had been said of him—that if he
were willing to act with Sir Robert Peel, he was unwilling to
act under him. If Sir R. Peel and the Duke of Wellingt to
brought forward measures in accordance with his own opi-
nions, the words "with" or "under" would never for one mo-
ment balance the scale. He hoped also they would believa
that if they had accepted office under the idea that those mea-
sures to which they were attached would be brought forward,
and they had not been, their political lives would have been
sacrificed. and therefore they conceived it their duty to decline
serving his Majesty. Had they joined it, how would the coun-
try have looked on their leaving office, in order to raise them-
selves upon the wreck of the administration they had left ?
But, by standing as they did, they were ready to support or
oppose the present administration, as they went with or de:
viated from their own opinions. (Cheers.) It was not for
him consistently with what was due from one gentleman to
another, to lay before them the nature of the offer made to
him; but he would say that it was like every thing he had
seen in the public conduct of Sir Robert Peel—frank—open—
and manly; and that it was not intended with the slightest in-
sincerity or dissimulation. But having declined that offer,
what was the'course it became him and his friends to pursue? It
had been said that reformers ought to merge all shades of differ-
mice of opinion, and to join in one great effort for the purpose
of overthrowing the existing government. I, said he, will take
no such course, and I acknowledge no such necessity. (Cheers.)
He would join with no man—witb no party whose motives and
opinions were not in accordance with his own, and he would
join in no effort to overthrow any government unless he saw a
fair and legitimate prospect of having a government which
would carry into effect those principles to which he was at-
tached. (Cheers.) His majesty's government, therefore,
would not receive from him any factious opposition, though he
would not promise them his full and entire support. (Cheers.)
He could see no grounds of confidence in some of its members,
but if he saw those fair and liberal measures brought forward_in
accordance with his own opinions, it would then beefor him to
give it his support, though he could not join them. But laying
aside all party considerations, he conceived, at this crisis, fraught
with danger, it was their duty not to look at this or that man,
but to those measures of safe, rational, and temperate reform-
now called for , and he did not place his confidence in this or
that. man, but in the spirit of the times. He knew that reform
must go on—a wide and extensive, but he hoped, at. the same
time, a constitutional reform. (Cheers and cries of " Hear,
hear.") He knew it was impossible long to overlook the
constitution of our municipal corporations, and he trusted soon
to see thetn possess more of representative character—their funds
placed more under the control of those interested in them. He
knew, too, that reform must shortly take place in out-tccleSi-
astical establishments—in the temporalities of the church, which
he held to be hardly adequate to supply the religious wants of
the people of England, but he did say that abuses of non-resi-
dence, of pluralities, should be remedied, and that the chapter and
cathedral property should be so disposed as .to give the people a
competent but not an over-paid ministry of the establishment.
He looked also for some measure which might give the superior
clergy a more effectual control over the inferior, to prevent those
blots and causes of scandal which now exist, and which cannot
be reached by the existing law. was his object, in supporting
the reform bill, to give the people of England such a voice in
the House of Commons as would make them respect it, and it
should be his object in reforming the church to render it an
object to command the love and affection of the people of Eng-
land wit° belong to it. (Cheers.) This was the object of reform
—not to overthrow. or destroy the institutions of the country,
bet so to amend them as to secure for them the veneration of
the people ; and he,knew no end of reform except at the point
where it degenerates into destruction. The noble lord then
stated that he wished to stand before his country and his con-
stituents with the character of an upright and honest man, and
he should give no other pledge than that in his future conduct
he should be guided by a desire to act upon his own prin-
ciples—to carry into effect those' sound and constitutional re-
forms which he deemed necessary for the safety of thejnstitu-
tions of the country. These were the grounds on which he
ventured to ask their support. If they required from him to
pledge himself to this or that particular law, he would tell them
at once, frankly and firmly, that until he had the law be-
fore him he would give no such pledge. (Loud cheers.)
And as he would not wish to see them so far forget their duty
as to require him to give a blind declaration as to this Or that
measure under whatever circumstances, so he should not give
any such avowal; but his conduct should be guided by those
general political views on which he had before acted.' Were
there any part of his conduct not satisfkictorily explained, there
he was, in the face of his country and in the -face of his consti-
tuents, to give any further explanation which might be demanded.
(Cheers.)
The two candidates were then declared duly elected, and
briefly returned thanks.

* Mr. Patten borrowed an expression from a speech of the
noble lord's, against the repeal of the corn laws, in a speech to
the electors ou Saturday.
•

MACCLESFIELD ELECTION.
(From our own reporter.)

The nomination of the candidates took place on Fiiday, the
candidates being the old members (Mr. (tyle and Mr. Brockle-
hurst), and Mr. Grimsrlitch. a solicitor resident in the borough.
Mr. Ryle was unable to obtain a hearing, and whilst Mr. Grims-
ditch was addressing the electors, the hustings gave way, and
several persons, including Mr. Ryle, were much injured. The
show of hands-being in favour of Broeklehurst and Grimsditch,
a poll was demanded on the part of Mr. Hyde. The polling
continued two days during, much tumult, and ended in the re-
turn of the old members, Mr. Ryle and Mr. Brocklehurst.

SOUTH CHESHIRE ELECTION.
(From our own reporter.)
The election of two knights of the shire for this division of the
county of Cheshire, took place yesterday at the Court-house,
Knutsford. It being generally known that the late members
would be returned without opposition, there was a total absence
ofohe usual bustle and excitement which such an event Most
commonly creates. A considerable number of the substantial
farmers and yeomen were however in attendance. Soon after
ten_o'cloek the candidates, Edward John Stanley and Tatton
Egerton; Esquires, attended by their respective supporters, pro-
ceeded to the court-house, where the high sheriff, Gibbs Craw-
ford Antrobus, Esq., had already taken his station on the bench.
The ugtial preliminaries having been gone through, .
Ralph Leycester, Esq, of Toft, in a short speech proposed
Edward John Stanley, bsq., as a fit and proper person to repre-
sent the south division of the county of Chester in the ensuing
parliament.
Mr. Charles Hindley, the newly-elected member for Ashton,
and the rejected of Warrington, seconded the nomination in a
speech of some length, in which be advocated the necessity of
not trusting to the promises of an administration headed by a
tory, and so forth. The hohourable gentleman's speech, •al-
though somewhat highly seasoned, was not swallowed with any
very strong symptoms of a relish. Now and then some of his
clap-traps told, with a few' boys and girls who found their way
into the court-house, but the majority of the persons present
listened—and were silent. ,
Sir Richard Bruoke, Bart., in .proposing Tatton Egerton,
Esq., observed that he had not to introduce a stranger to the
electors of the county of Chester. Mr. Egerton was known to
them all. He was himself well acquainted with their wants and
interests, and had served them during the last two sessions with
zeal, attention, and fidelity, and in such a manner as to merit
their entire confidence. He was a conservative and a stanch
upholder of the church and state ; and, moreover, was strongly
attached to the present ministry. (Cheers.) Mr. Egerton was,
however, still prepared to support any improvements in the in-
ternal regulations of church and state that would not impair their
efficiency. He wan equally ready to correct any real and proved,
although he would resist meddling with what were butimagin-
ary abuses. (Loud cheers.) Entertaining similar opinions
with his friend, he had much pleasure in proposing ratton
Egerton, Esq. as a fit anal proper person to represent them in
parliament. (Loud cheers.)
Glegg, Esq. briefly seconded the • nomination of Mr.
Egerton.
The High Sheriff demanded whether any elector had another
candidate to propose. No answer having been given,
E. J. Stanley, Esq. then stood forward and said, that when
he was sent to parliament two years ago he told them that he
intended to give such support as be was able to the then exist-
ing ministry, who had proposed and carried the reform bill. He
had not bliudly followed those ministers, as there were occasions
on which be differed with them in their views—not so much
however in principle or in spirit as to time and circumstances.
He gloried in having supported a ministry whose characteristic
now stood recorded in the page of history as the authors of those
great objects for which they had so long laboured—the abolition
Of slavery throughout the whole of the British dominions.
This was of itself a passport to his confidence. They had
in addition to this great change, destroyed the India Com-
pany's monopoly, opened the trade to China, and left com-
merce unfettered and open to British enterprise. They had,
reduced taxation to the amount of six millions (cheere), and
left the public revenue in a more flourishing state than they
found it when they took office. They had, in short, done much,
and were prepared to do more, and if they had fallen short of
the public expectations, the fault rested with those who, after
offering an incessant and unworthy opposition, were now pre-
pared to adopt their principles. These acts of the ministry
were an earnest of what their future conduct would be, and,
therefore, he did not hesitate to accept office with them. But
Since this period great events bad occurred—that ministry had
been dismissed—that parliament had been dissolved—and why?
It was not difficult to answer the question; but he would ab-
stain from-all comment at present—he waited for future expla-
nations, and for a full investigation anal examination before
the public of the transactions to which he alluded. But this
he would say, that however indisposed he felt at all tunes to
offer a factious opposition to any administration which his
Majesty, in the exercise of his just prerogative; might summon
to his counsels, yet he could not give his confidence to those
ministers for, to use the words of Lord Stanley, he had no
public grounds of confidence that they intended to carry their
professions into execution. Was it to be supposed that those
who had opposed reform because its fruits were poisonous, were
now ready to offer that poison as wholesome food ? It would
be a libel upon their character. Sir Robert Peel himself—a
man of honour as he believed him to be—had declared that he
would not accept office on the condition of abandoning his
principles, and nullifying .his former acts. By their former
acts, then, let the new ministers be judged. To him (Mr. S.)
it appeared that no other change had taken place than a mere
removal from Apsley Ilouse to Downing-street. They were
now told that the new would be snore of a reforming ministry
than their predecessors, by that organ of theirs which had dis-
graced the character of the press of England, whose delin-
quencies he regretted to see, because, holding the press to be
the palladium of our liberties, he believed that the conduct
recently exhibited by the Times tended to destroy its usefulness
by curtailing its power—this be regretted the more because it
was fearful to see so much talent and ability degraded, and such
powers so shamefully prostituted. They had been told by this
paper, which professed to have it from undoubted authority,
that the new ministers intended to propose a measure of church
reform for Ireland more efficient, more extensive than the late
vaccinating! ministers intended to bring forward. Would the
freeholders before whom he stood believe this ? (CrieS of Yes!
and No I) To those who believed this he would say, what must
have been the character—what the profligacy of their opposition
to the Irish church measure of the late ministry? He begged
them to consider whether there was not danger in these exhibi-
tions of tergiversation and weakness in public men—who were
prepared to grant at one period what they refused at another.
It was the same abandonment of principle—the same readiness
to sacrifice their opinions which induced the Duke of Welling-
ton and Sir Robert Peel at one time to oppose, and at another
to grant catholic emancipation. Such conduct as this destroyed
the character of public men, which, as public property, he
could not but regret. But as it was in the power of the elec-
tors to say how they would be governed he called upon them to
retttrn none but reformers to parliament. If they-did so, such
men would support any reform measures of the Duke of Wel-
lington which were efficient and good, for it was the interest of
the country that they,should do so. He (Mr. S.) would not re-
fuse to support any. reform that might be proposed by the go-
vernment. He might like the treason although he abhorred
the traitors. The reformers of England had been styled de-
structives, while their opponents arrogated to themselves the
title of conservatives. Names mattered little, and both parties
n eant that they were conservatives of the institutions of the
country—destructives only of their abuses. This he believed of
all, save only a small section of the miserable and deluded fol-
lowers of O'Connell and Hume, who were -destructives only
wih the hope of plunder. (Loud cheers.) After some further
observations Mr. Stanley concluded by throwing himself on the
good sense and patriotism of the electors. (Loud cheering.)
Mr. Tatton Egerton next came forward amidst loud and ge-
neral plaudits. The hon. gentleman said, that in coming
fa rAard a second time to solicit a renewal of their confidence
heretofore reposed in him by the electors of his native county,
he did not present himself as an untried man. He had formerly
been returned by them as their representative, free and un-
fettered to exercise his own judgment, and he assured them,
that when a dissolution should take place, he would be ready to
give an account of his stewardship and of the line of conduct
which he should feel it his duty to take. This account, in
pursuance of his promise, he was now ready to render to any
elector who should desire it, as the time had now arrived by
the exercise of the undoubted prerogative of •the crown, when
a dissolution again placed him before them, ready to answer for
his past conduct, in the confident hope—a hope inspired by the
rectitude of his intentions and the honesty of his purpose—
(cheers) that he should not in Gain solicit their suffrages. No
one was more conscious than himself of his own imperfections
and inability, but he tried to obviate them by a steady and con-
stant attention to the interests of the freeholders, by pursuing a
straightforward independent course; and by bringing to the
consideration'of every question a mind free from party feeling
or political bias, he had endeavoured to give his votes in the
manner most conducive to their interest, and that of the whole
community. (Cheers.) His political feelings bad been sb
recently expressed, and were so well known, that he would not
trouble them with their repetition. He was so firmly attached
to all the institutions of the country in church and state—
(cheers,) that he was determined to support the connexion
between both, conceiving as he did, that a religious establish-
ment was neccessary for the happiness and prosperity of every
nation (applause) —and because he knew of no church
establishment (he spoke with all reverence of every other)
so pure, or so tolerant as that of this country. (Loud cheers.)
But at the same time, while he declared his determination to
support it to the utmost, he was ready to give his best consider-
tion to any measure of improvement, which, without impairing
its efficiency might tend to rivet it more closely on the affections
of the people. (Cheers.) With respect to the present minis-
try, against whom so many attacks had been made by his late
hon. colleague, he would only say, that he should pursue the
same course as to them as he had followed with reference to the
late administration; he had supported them when in the right,
he had voted against them when he thought them wrong.
(Cheers.) But this declaration he hesitated not to make—that
so long as the present ministry adhered to the sentiments
*vowed its Sir Robert Peel's address, so long he should give
them his cordial support. (Loud cheers.) •It had been said
against that party, that their administration had been most
profligate and wasteful, and that they never granted any le-
-1 form. He begged, however, to call the attention of his honour-
able friend to the fact, that when the late ministry came into
power, they foal(' three millions in the Exchequer, and that in
the course of sixteen years of tory government, no less than
forty-eight millions of taxes had been repealed. (Loud
cheers.) He cared not whether he was designated a conser-
vative or a reformer, but he had no hesitation in declaring
himself to be a conservative. (Great applause.) ‘When he said
thus much he must also state that he had never been behindhand
in reforming any abuse ; and as a proof he would instance the fact
that he had seconded the bill submitted to parliament for re-
forming the freemen of Liverpool. He should support the
present government because he firmly believed they would enter
with a friendly, but at the same time a cautious spirit into the
revisal of all the institutions in church and state. That they
would reform all abuses which were real (for imaginary abuses
he knew nothing—these were mere matters of opinion), and
would march on with a view to the promotion of the welfare and
happiness of the community. (Cheers.) Ile trusted that no
person in that assembly—no elector of Cheshire had ever had
reason to complain of his.inattention to public or private busi-
ness, or that he was ever absent from his post when his services
were required. (Hear.) On these grounds he rested for a re-
newal of their suffrages.
The High Sheriff then declared the election to have fallen
Ripon E. J. Stanley and Tatton Egerton, Esq., who were im-
mediately girt with swords as knights of the shire.
Both gentlemen returned thanks for the honour conferred
upon them.
Mr. Stanley moved a vote of thanks to the high sheriff, which
was seconded by Mr. Egerton.

STOCKPORT ELECTION.-VIOLENT OUTRAGES.

(From our men corresponclnt.)

The nomination .of the candidates for the representation of
this borough took plaCe on Monday. Mr. J. H. Lloyd, one of
the late members, found, it appears, the labour of legislating too
great for his powers of endurance. In an address to his late
constituents, which, in the honourable and learned gentleman's
absence from Stockport, was generally. placarded throughout the
town, he says—" The severe and unintermitted labours of the
two sessions, during which I have had the honour of a seat in
the legislative a.rsembly, have proved too much for my naturally
feeble constitution. Body and mind have sunk under the effort,
and it is necessary that, for a time, I should retire altogether
from active life for the purpose of recruiting the health and
energies of both."
The preliminary forms having been gone through, Thomas
Marsland, Esq., one of the late members, was proposed by
Captain Howard and seconded by Mr. Richard Sykes. Henry
Marsland, an unsuccessful candidate at the last election, was
put in nomination by Mr. Baker, and seconded by Mr. Christie.
Edward Davis Davenport, the defeated ultrarradical candidate

at the last election, was again nominated by Mr. Cheatham, and
seconded by Mr. Isaac Moss.
The first candidate, Major. (Thomas) Marsland, is a conser-
vative-reformer, Mr. Henry Marsland is a reformer. but not
a destructive. Mr. Davenport is a destructive radical. The
Major, at the nomination, addressed the electors as follows ;
Fellow-townsmen and electors,—l present myself before you
for the second time as a candidate for the honour of represent-
ing this borough iu parliament, hoping that my conduct during
the short period I have had an opportunity of serving you has
been such as to-merit your approbation and to induce you again
to give me your.support. I have never lost sight of the great
objects that we all had in view, when you did me the distin-
guished honour to select me as your first representative ; and I
beg to repeat on the present occasion, that I am still firmly de-
termined to use my best endeavours, if I should be again so
fortunate as to be placed in that situation, to carry into com-
plete effect the great measure of reform, upon which I consider
depends the prosperity and happiness of all classes of the com-
munity.

I might make a speech full of promises and professions, which,
in my opinion, is too much the practice and fashion of the day;
but r will content myself with a declaration of my intention to
support such measures only as I believe will be useful and bene-
ficial; and I hope that the electors will be disposed to accept
such a pledge, trusting to my principles for its fulfilment, which
are well known, as the best security fur the performance of my
duty.
The polling commenced on Tuesday morning at nine o'clock,
and up to four o'clock proceeded peaceably, but at that hour a
strong disposition to riot was manifested by the supporters of
Mr. E. D. Davenport in consequence of the success of Major
Marsland. The ShakTeare's Head, an inn in the suburbs of
Stockport, was attacked by the mob; the windows were broken,
and the bar and cellars speedily emptied of their contents. A
considerable degree of riot and -confusion also prevailed in the
town of Stockport. The magistrates who had taken the pre-
caution of swearing in a considerable number of special consta-
bles, feeling that force insufficient to preserve the public peace,
despatched a messenger to the commanding officer of the military
stationed in Manchester for assistance. This was promptly af-
forded, and a troop of the sth dragoon guards was immediately
-sent off. Their appearance in the town of Stockport struck no
small degree of awe into the minds of the rioters, and pacified
the fears that were seriously entertained for the safety of the
town. It was not deemed advisable to declare the state of the
poll at the close of the first day. At four o'clock business of
every description was entirely suspended. All the shops, inns,
and ale-houses of every 'description were shut up. Each house-
holder directed his attention to the preservation of hisproperty
and his home. However, the arrival of the military in aid of
the extraordinary vigilance of the magistracy df the district re-
stored something like tranquillity. But, notwithstanding the
appearance of the military, during the night several attempts
were made to renew the outrages which had disgraced the town
during the day. An attempt was made to fire the hay-stacks of
a gentleman who was a warm supporter of Major Marsland, the
conservative candidate, but prevented by the vigilance of the
police.
