A STOCKING STEALER.

Margaret Egan was charged with stealing a pair of stock-
ings from a shop door. The case was proved. The prisoner
had been committed before for stealing stockings, and was
now sent to gaol for two months.

COURT FAVOURITISM.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

SIR,—If there be one thing more than another which has
led to, or been the consequence of, a declining monarchy ;
if there be any circumstance in a monarchical state, which
has ever been found a precursor of civil disturbances, and
the uprooting of institutions, it is court favouritism. That
such is the fact we have only to look back upon the pages of
history, and in every nation we find abundant proof of this
position, and in the records of no people more frequently
than in those of our own country. Perhaps at this time.
when a government, in order to preserve intact this danger-
ous predilection of a sovereign, is about to try the fearful,
and hitherto unheard of, experiment of carrying on the af-
fairs of the nation with both houses of parliament in a state
of opposition to its views, it may not be an entirely useless
task to refer to those periods of our history when court fa-
vouritism has been most conspicuous ; so that in the ap-
proaching struggle between the court and the people, we
may judge how far such principle ought to be tolerated or
discouraged.
Without going back to the remote periods of our Anglo-
Saxon or Norman rulers, or dwelling upon the discords in
the reign of Henry the Third, occasioned by the influence of
foreign and other favourites, especially the King's relations
by the mother's side, and which led to the capture of the
King by his subjects, and the shedding of the best blood of
England on the plains of Lewes and Evesham,—we have, in
the reign of Edward the Second, an awful lesson of the con-
sequences of court favouritism. This prince, who had been
trained up for the kingly power, so far forgot the conditions
of royalty as to attach himself with an overweening affection
to Pierce Gavestone, the friend and companion of his youth,
and made him the channel through which were obtained
offices of emolument and honour, and constituted him the
dispenser of the royal mercy, which he exercised, not for the
public good, but for his own advantage ; and so far did the
favourite forget all regard to the aristocracy of the land, that,
trusting in the protecting influence of his Sovereign, he
abused and jeered at the highest peers of the realm ; nor for
a long time could the infamous minion be reached, as the
King had determined to " adventure his crown and life" to
retain him about his person, and to protect him from the
displeasure of his lords and the people. Roused at length
by insult, and goaded by the profligacy of Gavestone, the
nobility rose against the King and his favourite, and eventu-
ally, in a rude spirit of juiitice, executed the obnoxious mis-
leader of his Sovereign, at Black Lowe, near Warwick.
" Let the favourite of our day look to himself, or else he
may have as signal a downfall."—But though favouritism
had so shaken the kingdom, Edward again fell into this fatal
error, in the instance of the two Spencers, father and son ;
till, in the end, the nation, weary of the debaucheries and
misconduct of the younger Spencer, and the oppressions of
both, not only brought them to ignominious deaths, but also
deposed the misguided and unhappy monarch.
Again, in the reign of Richard the Second, we have a very
forcible example. Richard, in his early years, attached
himself to Robert De Vere, Earl of Oxford ; and it is re-
corded that when the King was appealed to by the parliament
for the dismissal of his ministers and minion, he said he
would not, for their desire, remove the meanest scullion

from his kitchen : and how far the " household" influence
was exercised may be judged by a petition, which was sent
to the King by parliament, desiring, amongst other things,
" that the court should not be so much frequented as for-
merly by bishops and ladies." The end of these things was
deposition and death to the Sovereign.
We have also recorded in history the great power Cardinal
Wolsey had over the actions of Henry the Eighth ; of Essex
and Leicester in the days of " good Queen Bess" ; of Robert
Carne and Buckingham, in the reigns of the first James and
his successor Charles : each of these, we find, casting a
baneful influence upon King and people ; and to the latter
(Buckingham) may be ascribed the origin of those discon-
tents which brought the ill-fated Charles to the block.
These instances, I think, are sufficient. In conclusion it
may be said, that to deny the Sovereign a privilege, which
is conceded to every one else, of selecting their own house-
hold and society, is a harsh and unfeeling measure. Can
this assertion, I ask, be justly maintained? A Sovereign is
placed, in my opinion, in a position which has not its ana-
logy in the rest of society. Highly exalted above every other
individual in the realm, there are certain privileges to be
enjoyed, and certain sacrifices to be made ; nor can the for-
mer be accepted, without the latter being conceded. And if
it can be proved, as it may be, that a much greater sacrifice,
for the welfare of the state. than that of the selection of
friends, is recognised by the law, then, as a consequence,
the minor deprivations of life, to secure that end, must, of
necessity, be implied and involved in the major. What more
tender link in the affections of mankind than the marriage
tie ! What greater privilege than the selection of a partner
of the bosom, who is to be a second, nay an integral part of
self! And yet the sacrifice in the Sovereign of the unlimited
choice of a spouse, why
" The law allows it, and the court awards it."

That such sacrifice should not be unnecessarily or harshly
enforced, the charity of nature demands ; but state necessity
at times compels this condition of the royal office. When,
therefore, the public good exacts from the Sovereign the
giving up of some friend, however dear, the statesman who
asks it ought not to be esteemed uncourteous, ungenerous,
or unkind.—Yours, &c. C. B. B.

DESECRATION OF THE SABBATH.

TO THE EDITOR OF, THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

SlR.,—Permit me to draw your attention, and that of your
readers, to one instance of the desecration of the Sabbath,
which I do not remember to have been previously adverted
to—namely, the fact of the Floating Tub (which, by-the-
bye, is the property of one of our very moral and liberal
town-councillors) being open for the reception of visitors
during the whole of that holy day.
I understand that the excesses which are occasionally
committed in a place called the " Refreshment Room," on
board the vessel, would almost disgrace a common pot-
house ; and I have no doubt that this floating receptacle for
dirt and filth has been most injurious to the moral and spi-
ritual welfare of many an intelligent and promising youth,
by attracting his attention from his spiritual duties, and
leading him into habits of neglect, dissipation, and extrava-
gance.
It has afforded much gratification to the well-meaning and
moral portion of the community to observe that a society has
been recently established amongst us, having for its object
the better observance of the Sabbath amongst all grades and
classes of our townsmen ; and I trust that the instance which
I have above cited of the desecration of that holy day, may,
through the medium of your valuable paper, come under its
observation.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,
J.

June 6th.

LUDLOW ELECTION.

FINAL STATE OF THE POLL.

Alcock
Clive
Majority for Mr. Alcock..

.. -- 4

This was the severest contest ever known in Ludlow.
Mr. Alcock is understood to have polled not fewer than 20
bad votes, and a petition will be immediately presented
against the validity of his election. All went off peaceably.

THE PRESERVATION OF THE HUMAN HAlR..—Useless
compositions, sold avowedly for the growth of the hair, de-
preciate the value of a good article, and the public, when
once imposed upon, have an idea that all hair-oils are equally
inefficacious. This is not the case, as the finest hair has been
restored by the genuine Botanic Oil, which has been proved
most satisfactorily. J. Middlewood, the proprietor of this
Botanic Oil, was served with notice to take a license for the
sale of this Oil, as a new discovery of great worth. The
notice not being attended to, the proprietor was served with
an Excheqer writ to recover a penalty of £5O. J. M. had
nothing to allege in his defence, excepting the circumstance
that other oils were advertised for sale without license. The
commissioners of stamps demanded the penalty, on the
ground that the Botanic Oil was a cure for baldness, a qua-
lity not attributed to any other hair-oil. The proprietor was
well aware that its efficacy had been proved. An appeal was
made to the Lords of the Treasury and the Duke of Welling-
ton, the consequence of which was, that the penalty was miti-
gated : but the proprietor was obliged to submit his case to
Parliament. A free sale was thus secured for the Botanic
Oil. Had it been otherwise, government would have been
affording protection for the sale of useless articles, by pro-
hibiting the sale of one of real efficacy. This case was before
parliament in April, 1830.—See Adv. Botanic Oil:

. ,
Sir Bellingham Graham's fine property in Yorkshire was
on Tuesday put up to sale by Mr. Geo. Robins, and knocked
down for 155,000 guineas. The room was crowded by capi-
talists, who bid with much spirit.
How To BE Rica.—Nothing is more easy, says Mr.
Paulding, than to grow rich. It is only to trust nobody—to
befriend none—to get everything, and save all we get—to
stint ourselves and every body belonging to us—to be the
friend of no man, and have no men for our friend—to heap
interest upon interest, cent. upon cent.—to be mean, miser-
able, and despised, for some 20 or 30 years, and riches will
come as sure as disease and disappointment.
AN UNKNOWN Loss.—Just previously (as we are in-
formed) to the Queen's departure yesterday (Friday) from
the Castle, Mr. Brown, surgeon, of Sheet-street, was sent
for to attend her Majesty. Upon leaving the Castle a bank-
note in an envelope was put into Mr. Brown's hands, which,
without opening, he safely, as he imagined, deposited in his
waistcoat pocket. On his arrival at his residence he disco-
vered that the ",royal fee" had vanished.—Windsor Journal.

THE SHREWSBURY LOYAL DECLARATIO
[The following admirable letter, in reference to the loyal etS
address of the inhabitants of Shrewsbury, will speak for it- 4,4'
self. It is a truly valuable document at the present crisis.]
Whitehall, June 4.
Gentlemen,—You could not have transmitted the declares
don which I have this day received from Sir Richard Jenkins
through any channel more acceptable to me than the hands of
a gentleman, your representative in parliament, who has re-
commended himself to the favor of his Sovereign by his con-
duct in public trusts of great importance, and has received
the highest distinction, specially appropriated to the reward
of civil service.

I have strong objections that in expressing your opinion
that my conduct in the recent transaction to which your
declaration refers has been in conformity with constitu-
tional principles, you are anticipating the judgment which
after the lapse of a very short period will be pronounced by
a very large majority of that portion of the community whose
deliberate sentiments ultimately prevail over misrepresenta-
tion and calumny, and constitute public opinion in this
country:

Be this, however, as it may, you. may depend upon it that
I shall steadily adhere to the principles of which you have
approved, and that I shall never accept office upon any con-
ditions or understanding which may appear to me incompati-
ble with the constitutional authority of a minister of the
crown, or which would restrain me from advising such an
exercise of that authority as I might deem necessary for the
efficient performance of the great public trust for which a
minister is responsible.

I am firmly persuaded that the constitution of this country
does not recognise any distinctions in respect to public ap-
pointments provided for by act of parliament, and instituted
for purposes of state, on account of the sex of the parties
holding them, and that no minister would be justified in di-
vesting himself of all control or responsibility in respect to
a particular class of such appointments.

If I deemed certain changes in that class necessary for
public purposes, it was as clearly my duty to advise them as
it was the duty of Lord Grey and Lord Grenville, in 1812,
to require " that the connexion of the great officers of the
court with the political administration should be clearly
established in its first arrangements."
They claimed for themselves the credit, which I claim, of
having acted on public goods ; and they assigned as the justi-
fication of their conduct the very same ground which is the
justification of mine—namely, their firm conviction " that it
was necessary to give to a new government that character of
efficiency and stability, and those marks of constitutional
support of the crown, which were required to enable it to act
usefully for the public service."
If the constitution does recognize a distinction between
public appointments on account of the sex of the parties hold-
ing them, the example of Lord Grey and Lord Grenville in
1812 is certainly no authority. If the constitution does not re-
cognize such distinction, there is no difference between the
principle for which I contended and that upon which Lord
Grey and Lord Grenville acted.

At the same time no one can feel more deeply, nor admit
more fully, than I do, that the constitutional right to advise
changes in the household is a perfectly different question
from the exercise of that right, and that the exercise of it,
particularly in respect to those appointments in the house-
hold which formed the chief subject of recent discussion,
should be restrained by every possible deference to the
wishes, and every possible consideration for the feelings of
the Sovereign.
But I must contend, that if I deemed it necessary to ad-
vise any changes in those appointments, lam much less re-
sponsible for the necessity than those Ministers who had not
merely given to this department of the household a political
character, but who had established its immediate connexion
with the administration, by permitting their nearest female
relatives to occupy the chief appointments.
With respect to the various calumnies at which you ex-
press your indignation, I have a perfect assurance that they
will ultimately recoil upon the authors of them, and that the
course I have pursued in public life for the period of 30 years
will effectually protect me from any imputation of having
acted with "disloyal insolence" towards my Sovereign.
I have the honour to be, gentlemen,
Your most faithful and obedient servant,
ROBERT PEEL.

MURDEROUS EFFECTS OF POPERY AND SU-
PERSTITION.

Another victim—a female—has recently been added to the
number of unfortunate women, whose lives are sacrificed so
frequently in this country by the murderous and tyrannical
code of the Church of Rome, which causes her priests to
interfere with the functions of the doctor, when a woman of
their persuasion happens to be dangerously ill at the time of
her confinement. The case to which we refer occurred
recently in Wapping, in this city, and is as follows :—The
wife of a Roman Catholic, named Lynch, having, when far
advanced in pregnancy, received a fright, which caused pre-
mature confinement, a midwife was brought to her ; but she
not being able to render her any assistance, called in a doctor
of her own persuasion, a Roman Catholic ; he also failing to
give her relief, a Protestant doctor was sent for ; but on his
arrival a priest had taken his station in the room, who would
not allow the latter gentleman to deliver the afflicted sufferer,
though he frankly told him that unless such an operation as
he advised was performed, nothing could save her life. All
entreaty was unavailing—the priest remained inexorable—
and the result was, as the doctor stated—death, at last, put
an end to the woman's sufferings ! Our informant states,
that after she was actually dead, this spiritual tyrant, who
may very justly be looked on as her murderer, wished the
doctor then to perform the operation, and to deliver the
child, in order that it might be baptised, though it was then
supposed to be a considerable time dead. Some of the de-
ceased's relatives, however, very properly refused to allow
this to be carried into effect. It is a well known fact, that
in extreme cases, such as the above, the priests prefer sacri-
ficing the mother rather than the child, if the lift: of either is
in jeopardy. The reason assigned for this extraordinary
conduct is, that the mother, in consequence of having been
baptised, has a chance of admission into heaven, though she
had lived in a state of sirA'ulness all her days ; whereas the
child is, in their opinion, cut off from all hope. should it die
without receiving the sacrament of baptism. Thus does the
Church of Rome make the word of God of none effect by her
traditions. Will the Romanists of this country never be led
to see the delusions of popery, and rescue themselves from
its domineering and iron grasp ? Cannot the law of the land
take hold of those " sacerdotal ruffians" who rob the com-
munity of a useful member for the purpose of upholding a
dogma more worthy the worshipper of Moloch than of one
who calls himself a Christian ?—Derry Sentinel.

~,\\~
~~

s~,
P.,4,
(1 0

".;;m!i':7 •

•
Uittrp. dally by the professional reader. There is much infer- LIVERPOOL MECHANICS' INSTITUTION. SELECT EXTRACTS. STATIONS OF THE BRITISH ARMY,
ON THE IsT or JUNE, 1839. JUN 4.
oration of great value in the analysis of "The fourth ,liiarketo.
LECTURES ON ELECTRICITY. - --saw.-LAW/
and a 01
Report of her Majesty's Commissioners on Criminal ARCHBISHOP OF TYRE.-I dined with this venerable per- [Where two places are mentioned, the last-named is that at which NY rd " LaW, gd /
wa
rd
en LONDON
nts
PARTNERSHIPS
jGAi
rZOBn
f:._..i...___T,
Li
er - .3 2 0
O:Fs
s.111:0: D.A : T
b. r 0 t h e r ,
Rat
TO **** * * * * the De 8t of the Regiment is stationed.] LIVERPOOL CORN EXCHANGE, JUNE 4. B. Clibborn and F. Clibborn, ve
Law." The " Abridgment of Statutes" presented to On Saturday evening Mr. Addams delivered his sixth sonage with hoary locks, and lengthened beard, which was as
The arrivals up since our report of Friday, include several more Fli h o van
Ha warden, , , a par .
vC oarrni
e-yrri, isl its.,
(For the Liverpool Standard.) us in the Law Magazine is also of the highest utility. lecture. striking as becoming in a priest. There were no tables,
, chairs, or stools, but cushions laid on the floor, not sat upon, -
(From the United
44S
oel its
hi, it
--c
meß
oaJmdo
ruba
sr n
;a
.Ic. cargoes of Foreign Wheat and Barley, with a moderate quantity of
)Chhaththam
The " Notes of Cases in Equity and Bankruptcy, at Many attempts were made prior to Professor Oersted s " - Wheat, Barley, Malt and Beans Coastwise, but very little of any
R. Fairbrother.ilLac
it J''''
While now my bark is steering but leaned against, for of old a recumbent posture was cora- article from Ireland.
Along the midnight sea, Common Law, and in the Ecclesiastical and Maritime discoveries,
.to convert steel into a magnet, by passing glee- Ist Ilfe Guards-Regent's Park ay , a am BANKRUPTS.
was place the centre. e
mon. A paltry lamp of oil din W 2d-Hyde Park Having a good attendance of local and country buyers at this Inecuas,sh, Lancashire, mcaisllheirrse---,
brass-founders; sVs_arfoun ,
My thoughts are wildly veering Courts," are very carefully compiled. The " Digest tricity from a voltaic battery through it, but with no effect, Edmund Taylor, Live 1, drysalter, to , sal, •
sat crosslegged, like tailors, and on the rags of a carpet. No Royal Horse Guards-Windsor 42d-Limerick day's market, a moderately fair amount of business was done in W
To happiness with thee. as the current was sent along the bar, whereas it must be sent Gds.-Chambly, York 43d-Canada • Dover Foreign Wheats, at prices, varying according to quality and the 16, at twelve, at the . Clarendon Rooms, I.averrssaa
l • and 14""..•
The deck I'm slowly pacing, of Reports" also displays great judgment. We heartily d. all h 'the object. A •
steel iagon y throug it to effect j piece of • •
cloth was laid, and a large oval pewter tray placed before this Ist Drgn , Messrs. Holden and Clarke, Liverpoo ,
_on.
2d-Glasgow 44th-Bengal ; Chatham different views of sellers, 2d ® 4d per 70Ib, and in particular in-
The dreary watch to keep, wish this truly constitutional magazine an extended by being put into the helix d* • - •
dignitary, with meshes of rice, oil, bread, vegetable, sour
d Pi till 45th-Windsor stances rather more below the rates of this day se'rought ; English Keightly, and Parkin, Chancery-lane, nd
sf uner.
With thy fair image chasing, ' wine, and liquors. No spoons, knives, or forks, were used, 3 - !1.3 .1 Edward Parker, Piccadilly, London, Pe-t ss..sedtk
46th-Gibraltar ; Devonport and Irish at the same time remaining difficult of sale on the reduced
circulation, which it deserves as well for the principles scribed in the last lecture, can be magnetised by voltaic
Adam Dickey, Old , .
'Bred nature's wish to sleep. but each dipped into the dishes small pieces of bread, recall- 47th-Malta ; Jersey terms of Friday.-In Irish and home made Flour, few transactions ' W staiinseer, u`r--
sth-Nottingham Witham Clark Farr, Frederick-street, e
.: be lamp of night is swelling which it advocates, as for the talent with which it is electricity, and will continue to possess all the properties of • to • d the history of Judas who betra ed Christ.
in ram , y 6th-Manchester 48th-Gibraltar; Limerick occurred ; but good fresh Foreign, being more saleable, we repeat
the magnet, unless deprived of them by improper treatment. wailer.
It's silver light above, conducted.drank wine from aglass, whilst at others, to7th-Leeds
Sometimes he
-halal-
And the breeze seems softly telling, if we take two spiral copper wires, one coiled round in thelsoth-N.S.Wales ; Chatham Although we had a fine genial rain for many hours in the coursecotton-spinner.
John Runcorn, Manchester, ,
elli ld Mess-
Of friends, of home, and love. direction of a screw, and the other in a reverse direction, we trouble he ut the bottle to his mouth uickl throw- ist Dragoons-Sheffield
save trou , p , q y _ . _ John Bmney and Thomas Binney, Sh e , ._saaner.
2d Banincolly 151st-V. D. Land ; Chatham of yesterday, and have mild growing weather this morning, Barley,
ing back his head. After making the sign of the cross, he Bromyard, Herefordshire, issaTssat.
Henry Tompkins, .. _ wale Wei
'Tis thus when all are sleeping, An Essay on Episcopacy. By the Rev. Joseph Jones, shall find a passing electricity through these coils in the same 3d-Bengal 52d-West Indies ; Tynemouth Malt, Beans and Pease, upon a retail demand, sustained their pre-
In thought I dwell with thee, M.A., Incumbent of Newchurch, in Winwick. Lon- direction, that their polarity will be reversed. When a cur- '
desired my servant, who stood behind me, to come forward,
4th-Bombay bad-Corfu; Naas vious value; and Irish Oats, of which the supply is very limited, John Jones, Chepstow, Monmouthsnue,
James Stelfox, Manchester, grocer.
Again, I see thee weeping, sit down, and fall to in his turn. But this I objected to, 6th-Newbridge 54th-Madras;, Chatham obtained a further advance upon that above stated, thereby raising
As thou did'st part from me. don •: Hatchards. Liverpool: Newling. 1839. tent of voltaic electricity is communicated to brass, it will , •
assuring him that in England domestics were not permitted 7th Hussars-Canada ; York 55th-Madras;l Chatham out quotations 2d per 451 b over those of Tuesday last. In bonded John Coombe, Bath, currier. te4.
But fast the time is coming, The reverend author of this essay is evidently well take up iron filings, which it would not otherwise do ; but to be seated with such personages of distinction as either sth-Dundalk 56th-Jamaica; Kinsale DIVIDENDS. Sinsburliaso.
Oats, several extensive operations having taken place, a similar im- ,-
_street, - - a „,,
June 25, W. H. Alexander, U per Clifton t /,P•P" i, la
the moment the brass is disconnected from the battery the
When I shall dwell again, acquainted with the important subject on which he archbishops, bishops, or even with their own master, as it 9th Lancers-Ipswich
'eh 57th-Madras ; Chatham provement was realized, and very few now remain in the hands of
p C m ton stree- Oa fa
wareman-June 25, J. 0. Beckett, o
Where the bees are sweetly humming, filings will fall off. Iron bars can be likewise converted into would be held an act derogatory to their dignity, and con- .
10th Hussars-Dorchester 58tht-Ceylon ; Clonmel importers.-Oatmeal continuing to move off briskly was is 6d perPß. parker, P.oe.
ee,
wick-square, London, merchant-June 25, ~,,ent ~t 1
Their soft and peaceful strain. treats. He gives a concise and general view of the electric magnets by ofelectricity,when they
means voltaic
goons- n ury sg - 2401bs dearer.
found that distinction of ranks so nectssary to be maintained 60th (Ist battaln.)-lonian Isles ; Duties paid here, week ending Thursday, 30th ult. on 223 qrs. of P , e
Lon on wholesal -grocer-June 25, It. smith, Res., yersol
Then no more I'll part from thee love, great importance of church unity, in respect to matters will take up large masses of iron,. and exhibit the usual signs in • lat Lancers-Brighton June 25, E. a Wat as ,
~
To rove across the sea, of faith, the sacraments, and chnstian charity; and ex- °f magnetism. Iron is distingwshed from steel in a remark- The refusal d society. e prove most mortifying to my ser- ilith Light Dragoons-Madras Dublin Foreign Wheat, 1767 qrs. Barley, 56 qrs. Beans, 300 qrs. Pease and cadilly, London, woollen-draper- a•
seamonid, ;I,rrlr
Covent-garden, London, tailor-June 25, s • inhoon,
But home shall yield to me love, able planner, inasmuch as its magnetism will not continue vane, and he never did forget my veto on this occasion during i4th-Hounslow (2d batt,) lon. Isles; Portsmouth 1080 qrs Indian Corn, leY'dez;s. : .a's far '5l
merchant-June ../ , W. J.D.
It's happiness and thee. poses with much energy the laxity, and liberalism ofthe rest of the time he was in my service. The archbishop 15th Hussars*-Chatham 61stt-Ceylon ; Clonmell The Foreign exporls of the week consist of 844 qrs. Oats, 123 qrs.e 27, C• Sa‘ a, 0•1!ic,
June 4, 1839. C. J. C. the present day. We think that he has fully succeeded after its connexion with the battery has been broken - but
whilst it is suppliedthat '
with species of
electricity, it' has four bishops under his primacy. After receiving his 16th Lancers-Bengal 62d-Madras ; Chatham Pease and 1369 barrels of Flour principally for the West Indies. Wharf, Westminster, coal-merchants-Jun „ado al,
Essex, grocer-June 25, S. Minton, Minories, s'-' cheese" 0#
• •17th-Dublin 63d-Madras ; Chatham WHEAT, per 701bs S. d.' s. d. INDIAN CORN, V 480Ib. London. --atii, a,
______.,„ in proving, that episcopacy is that church polity which support much• ht f • th • t 1
greater
weig o iron an a magnetic see ~ •
benedictions I departed. William, an Englishman, and his-
Grenadier Guards (Ist batt.) 64th-Jamaica ; Londonderry English
June 27, J. Mitchell, Exeter, victualler-June 2l' •,,,ie 5'
A MERCHANT'S MUSINGS, is most agreeable to the whole of scripture-most con- will. It does not require a large battery to convert iron or 'onan, was the first archbishop of this once renowned city. St. John's Wood 65th-Sorel ; Fethard Scotch BlOlO 0 White 42 044 0 -
Teignmouth, Devonshire, grocer-June 28, J • Gascoisa '
Travels in Palestine, by W. Rae WilSon. (2d bate. -Canada 65th-St. Jean, L.C. • Cork Irish 6 6 810 Bzwals, per quarter.
sonant with man's reason and man's nature-and most steel into magnets ; a very small battery indeed, not exceed-Bonded
To be granted unless eauCZ
(3d batt.)-Portman Barracks 67th-West Indies; bosport
BY MISS M. A. BROWN. ing in size a lady's thimble, is sufficient for that purpose ; STRUGGLE BETWEEN AN EAGLE AND A SALMON.- "- WJ• Arnold and 'Tun.. efin•d'er jt'eL, 11.6_asotcr',
conducive to the glory of God, the prosperity of the Coldstream Guards-(lst bad.) 68th-Jamaica ; Waterford BARLEY, per V. Irish - 37 0 44 0
and one of these placed in connexion with a horse shoe of That the eagle is extremely destructive to fish, and particu- 69th-America; Cork English 42 0 43 0 PEAS, Grey 3B 0 42 0 rter-0
(Frox the Dublin University Magazine for June.) church, and the real benefit of all men. We can re- iron coiled round with wire, will enable it to support half a larly so to salmon, many circumstances would prove. Eagles Wellington Barracks
(2d batt.)-Canada 70th-St. Vincent; Clare Castle Chevalier 44 045 0 White 46 049 0 June 25.
d London, P tai'• as,
J. Last, Edward-street, Hampstead-roa . _ad fa
The sky, the sky, the clear blue sky! commend this excellent manual of arguments in favour hundred weight. There are usually three coils of insulated are constantly discovered watching the fords in the spawning sea& pusneer Guards-(lst batt) 71st-Canada ; Buttevant Scotch, per 601 b. 5 4 5 9 SHIP BREAD, per 1121 b.
I see it from my windows high, of our system of church government. copper wire placed round each end of the horse shoe, the season, and are seen to seize and carry off the fish. Some Tower 72d-Cape Of Good Hope ; Dundee Irish 54 5 9 In bond l7 020 0 Brown, Bryanston-street, alarylebone, coal-easy. Luca
Brornyard, Herefordshire, dealer in potatoes- ier.
O'er the church tower and heavy wall, twelve ends of which are connected with the poles of the years since, a herdsman, on a very sultry day in July, while (2d batt.)-St. George's Barracks 73d-Canada ; Cork Foreign, in bond, 0 0 0 o FLOUR, English, per 2801 b.
O'er the high rows of chimneys tall : shoe o Ist Foot (Ist bait.)-Edinburgh 74th West Indies; Paisley OATS, per 451 b. Fine 48 55 o
A Treatise on the Law of Limitation, with an Appendix battery. The reason why the five pieces of copper are used looking for a missing s p, observed an eagle posted on a
2d batt.)-Canada • Devonport 75th-C. of G. Hope ; Dublin English
00°1'
It smileth there as clearly blue, is because several short pieces of wire are found to do better bank that overhung a pool. Presently the bird stooped and ' Chatham 6th Wt I cl: Drogheda Scotch 3lO 4 6 Amer. as• brl. free 35 037 0 MEW
woollen-draper-G. Peach, Northampton, woolstaP
LIVE.-- iloi
As in past days 'twos wont do, of Statutes and Forms. By G. B. Manse!, Esq., than one piece of the same length. If the keeper of an iron seized a salmon, and a violent struggle ensued. When the 3d-Bengal ; Chatham 77th-Malta; Armagh Irish 4 0 4 4
Ditto, duty free 4O 4 6 OATMEAL, per 037
0 CA 11
As blandly clear, as softly sweet, Barrister at Law. Sweet, London. 1839. electric magnet be allowed to remain attached to it, the mag- herdsman reached the spot, he found the eagle pulled under 2d Foot-Bombay ; 7-es n ies ,
4th-Madras ; Chatham 78th-Glasgow Foreign, in bond 3 0 3 6 Sour 33 6 35 0 JUNE
MEETINGS OF CREDITORS FOR
,aradon PI ,;
Upon this stirring, busy street. 7. Peter Hughes, (2d)
This legal work professes to define the general na- net will continue to attract a great weight after the battery water by the strength of the fish •; and the calmness of the sth-Corfu ; Galway 79th-Manchester as• Data il
I know 'tis summer-summer time- 40th-N. S. Wales ; Chatham RYE, per quarter .. 42 044 0 English 34 035 0 7. Henry Kendall, (3d) OW' s
Roses at home are in their prime, tore of limitation as to claims respecting land, personal connexion has been broken, though not to such an amount day, joined to his drenched plumage, rendered him unable to 6th-Bombay; Chatham
36 037 0 8. John Smith, (Ist)
My own small tree is gaudy now, actions, the mode of relying. in pleading upon the sta- as before. Iron electric magnets have been made in this extricate hiaaself. With a stone the peasant broke the eagle's leenn 7th-Ki. , y 81st-Gibraltar ; Chester Castle MALT, per qr. fine.. 68 070 0 Ditto, new
mlddlinas 34 0 35 o 8. Edgar Bowyer, (Ist)
pinion, and actually secured the spoiler and his victim, for Bth---*Jamaica • Guernsey 82d-Gibraltar ; Sheerness 5O 062 0 Scotch pato, ,
With crimson flowers on every bough. el'• • country, which could sustain 2,6001b5., and in America Pll. William Norris, (2d)
totes, and the period during which proceedings mhe found the salmon dying in his grasp. When shooting on 9th-Bengal ; Chatham 83d-Canada ; NeweasaonTynn Ditto, ;
11. William Frankland, (2d)
I know beside my father's door 5,0001b5., and there is no reason why they should not be - 10th-Manchester a4th-Portsmouth Ditto, Idie°'
The aspen trembles as of yore, courts of law and courts of equity, of a mixed and of made to lift ten tons or more. If a current of electricity be Lord Sligo's mountains, near the Killeries, a gentleman says ilth-Canada Chatham 85th-Canada; Plymouth LIVERPOOL AGRICULTURAL MARKET. JUNE 5. 12. Robert Hamilton
And the clear rivulet onward sweeps, a criminal nature, are maintainable. There is also an passed through wires around a helix and the helix be placed
, lie beard many particulars of the eagle's habits and history 12th-Mauritius; Tralee 96th-Stockport • s. d. s, d. s. d. s. d. 12. William
To the small ledge from whence it leaps. from a gray-haired peasant who had passed a long life in 13th-Bengal; Chatham 37th-Mauritius; Boyle Old Hay .... 0 10®1 Ila 20Ib. Potatoes, new 3 I®4 2 as• sere 19.7...1.1..37,411.01111.
appendix of the statutes, prefaced by some pertinent perpendicularly, it will attract any iron bar into its centre,
And the sweet linnet and the thrush, • these wilds. The scarcity of hares, which here were once 14th-West Indies; Brecon 88th-Templemore New Hay.... 091 0 - Cattle Ditto .. 262 9 - ,NR 6. riv,(l`l
Have budded in the old thorn bush ; remarks as to the construction of statutes upon the and the bar will remain insulated in space without touching lsth-Canada; Plymouth
abundant, he attributed to the rapacity of those birds ; and nth-West Indies ; Gosport Clover Hay.. 080 11 - Turnips OOO 0 - PRICES OF SHARES, Jt• . . ,t•
priCC,' Fr,
trtlie conasa--'s, 0° cir be°s:o
Last
They sing beside the rivulet's flow; subject of limitation, and at the end of the treatise all anything. 16th-Bengal; Chatham 90th-Ceylon ; Chatham Straw, Wheat 0 6 0 71 - Carrots -
Per Share.
Bartley, (spedid) LaCeS may -
Numerous attempts have been made to render electro-mag- he affirmed, that, when in pursuit .of these animals, the 17th-Bombay; Chatham 91st--Cape; Aberdeen Straw, Oat .. 0 5 0 6 - Manglewurzle 0 0 0 0 - RAILWAYS, &e.
Do I not hear them even now. the precedents necessary in practice are given at length. netic power useful as a prime mover, but hitherto without eagle evinced a degree of intelligence that appeared extraor- 18th-Ceylon ; Portsmouth 92d-Malta; Birr Straw, Barley 0 0 0 0 - Manure
It seems, indeed, but yesterday, This treatise is writted man easy and familiar style of success, as the power of the magnet is not found to increase dinary. They coursed the hares, he said, with great •judg- igth-Dublin 93d-America; Buttevant Green Clover 000 0 - 76 g 0 _____ Birmingham and Gloucester .. 40 paid
4109.
11:s 00
.•::.
Ditto and Derby
Since from that home I went away : 94th-Ceylon ; Cork Birkenhead and Chester
The memory is so clear and strong, language, and seems well intended as a practical ma- in the ratio of its size, and there are various other difficulties to meat, and certain success; one bird was the active follower, 20th-manchester
21st-madras • Chatham 95th-Ceylon ; Belfast - - Bolton and Leigh
And yet, again, it seems so long. nual for the use of not only the members of the legal be overcome. We can, on the small scale, apply it to the while the other remained in reserve, at the distance of forty
29A-Dublin ' 96th-Bolton LIVERPOOL CATTLE MARKET, JUNE 3. Chester and Crewe 25 .... 20 0 0.
.... . r
How long since last I heard the call profession, but also of the public at large. 'There is
• motion of a beam as in the steam-engine, and to the rotation or fifty. yards. If the hare, by a sudden turn, freed himself 23d-Halifax N S Castlebar 97th-Dublin The supply of Cattle to-day has been somewhat smaller than the Dublin and Drogheda
.... 11
Of friends, beside the waterfall;ofwheels.
' ' •
24th-Canada; Portsmouth 98th-Hull preceding week, and the quality generally pretty good, but we can- Eastern Counties
..
How long since last my mother laid throughout an attempt made to avoid all redundancy attraction or repulsion in the magnet employed and the vol- up the chase, and thus prevented the victim from having a 25th-Devonport 99th-Athlone not note any alteration in the prices from our last quotations. There Edinburgh and Glasgow
Her hand upon my head, and prayed. of words, a fault too often observable in law books talc current. Mr. Addams exhibited a number of small moments respite. He had remarked the eagles also while 26th-Bengal ; Chatham Rifle Brigade (Ist battalion)- has been a considerable increase in the number of Sheep aud Lambs Ditto Leigh and Newhaven 5 paid 0v 6
~..
How long, how long ! a merry boy, and of which we know many, where whole cases from working electro-magnet engines, one of which was connected they were engaged in fishing. They chose a small ford upon 27th-Cape of Good Hope-Dover Windsor but there being no disposition on the part of the butchers to make Glasgow, Paisley, & Greenock 8 paid 7 7 1
I left with mingled tears and joy;
the reports • d d b this dth •cl are cope ,an y is means, an e aid with a model representing a drug-mill, which it put into mo- the rivulet which connects Glencullen with Glandullah, and, Chatham
28th -N.. Wales- (2d batt.)-Woo/wich 100 paid 61 0 ° ::::
large purchases, the holders were; obliged to give wa, consequently Glasgow, Paisley, Kilmar 1 0 0•• •• 1
10 paid 0
.101
29th-Bristol Royal Staff Corps-Ilythe there has been a great reduction in the prices a both Beef and nock, and Ayr
And now I'm grown a steady man,o •••
With teeming brain, and plodding plan. of copious verbiage from the hand of the compiler, a tion in a beautiful manner. posted on either side, waited patiently for the salmon to pass 30th-Bermuda ; Sunderland Ist W. India Regt.-St. Lucia, &c. Lamb, and there have been many left unsold. The first quality Beef Grand Junction ' lOO .... 203 0
The electro-magnetic telegraph is a beautiful instance of over. Their watch was never fruitless-and many a salmon, 31st-Bengal; Chatham 2d-N. Providence and Honduras may be quoted at 7a d, second ditto ad, middling and ordinary from Ditto half shares
I've made me friends in other lands, bulky volume is sent forth from the press. This littlein its transit from the sea to the lake, was transferred from 32x-Canada; Fermoy Ceylon Ride Regiment-Ceylon 61c1 down to 6d. Good VVether Sheep in the morning realised 61d, Great Western 65 74 10 .
the conversion of 1 • into usefulagent to
e ectro-magnetism an
With other toys have joined my hands; treatise has carefully avoided any imputation of that his native element to the wild very in the Alpine cliff that 3d-Gibraltar;3 Carlisle Cape Mounted Riflemen-Cape of but the general price was 6ad, and Lamb at about 7ad per lb. sinking Hull and Selby
Have wile and children, lands and wealth, mankind. The disadvantages of the present semaphore tele-the offal. The market upon the whole may be considered rather Lancaster and Preston 3O paid a .
0 .•
Content and love, and hope, and health. character; and, believing it has been got up with Indus- graph are, its inutility in foggy weather or by night, to which beetles over the romantic waters of Glencullen.-Saturday 34th-Canada ; Templcmore Good Hope
35th-Mauritins ; Stirling Royal African Colonial Corps- heavy, but more especially for Mutton and Lamb. Number of Liverpool
•and Manchester
Yet home, home, home ! this summer day, try and care, we feel a satisfaction in recommending it the electro-magnetic telegraph is not at all liable. This in- Magazine. 36th-America; Tralee Sierra Leone Beasts, 851 ; Sheep and Lambs, 8302. Ditto quarter shares
21
0 • '•.le°
I long, I long, to be away; to the notice of our subscribers. vention, to which we are indebted to Professor Wheatstone, PASSAGE OF THE CAUCASUS.-When the hour for start- 37th-America; Spike Island RoyalNewfd. Veteran Companies,
.... 76 10 0
..., 0 0
To leave the hot and noisy town, , . consists of five wires connected with galvanometer needles, ing had arrived, the road impediments had been removed ; 38th-Enniskillen Newfoundland London and Birmingham .
90 •• - 166 15 0
...
LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, JUNE 6.
To bound once more o'er dale and down. by the indication of which the communication is understood. and, fearful as it was, we were 'compelled to resume our 39th-Madras ; Chatham Royal Malta Fencibles, Malta Ditto new quarter shares
•
The Early loved ones to embrace ; The Past and Present State of Dramatic Art and Li- There is, likewise, a contrivance attached to an alarum bell, perilous journey, which was more appalling than words can * Ordered to Halifax, N.S. t Ordered Home. The Cotton market has presented rather a brisk appearance since Ditto and Southampton 5O ... 45 0 , :.. 1
the arrival of the Liverpool, whose advices further corroborated the Ditto & Brig•hton
22 .... 12 12 a
To look upon my mother's face; restore; addressed to Authors, Actors, Managers, by which means, the signal is made prior to the commence- express. Some parts of our track were so dangerous from - previous "short crop" reports, which induced fair holders to be Leeds and Manchester 0• • •
50
.... 60 10 0 .
To see her smile as once she smiled ;
and the Admirers of the Old English Drama. Lon- ment of each communication. Mr. Addams exhibited models the avalanches which had shelved across it, that even the rather firm; and an advance of ad as lb above Friday's quotations Leicester and Swannington 5O .. 73 1°
To be again a very child ! bipptlig ntilligrint.
4000 bales; on Wednesday 4000 bales; and to-day 4500 bales, in- Manchester, Bolton, & Bury
has been rely generally submitted to. The sales on Tuesday were Ditto, • • 00• ••
Viho totters in with merry shout? don : Mitchell. 1839. and sections of this telegraph, and minutely explained its Persian horsemen dismounted, and led their steeds for many (new)
60 10 6 •
mode of action • but it would be impossible with- miles • • and we were forced to quit the carriage and wade -area-
Ah, baby ! hast thow found me out; The author of this pamphlet strongly contends '• obviously " ' eluding 700 Surat for export. The only check upon this market is Manchester and Bh•mingham l3 ... • 11 a° i.•
Disturbing thus my reveries? out the aid of diagrams, to give a clear idea of its merits to through the snow knee deep. Some of the perpendicular TUESDAY, JUNE 4.-Wind E.S.E. owing to the gloomy appearance of the Manchester trade, without Ditto and Ditto Extension
against the principle of monopoly, as applied to the
Come, little darling to my knees ! our readers. precipices of this primitive chain were so fearful, that it was ARRIVED,-Henry, Anderson, from Mobile. a corresponding improvement from thence, we cannot long expect Midland Counties - 41 15 " *•:
Reproach me not, my little one, acting drama of this country, attributing to its opera- To-morrow evening Mr. Addams terminates his course. scarcely possible to look steadily over them. At one part of SAILED.-Charlotte, Wattle, for Hamerfest-Aureo, Bonecelli, to sustain much liveliness here. Newcastle and Carlisle ..
''
100 .... 93 1° 00 ...
That I was yearning to be gone; tion the decline of the stage. The historical details the road, I and another person held Mrs. Mignon, who for Alexandria, Egypt-Vigilante, Budig, for Stettin-and Eliza, The arrivals sine* Tuesday are 3 vessels from New Orleans, 1 Ditto quarter shares
oury, for Naples. Mobile, 1 Natchez, and 1 New York. ,
Dearer than memory's dream can be, which it contains are exceedingly interesting, and wished to take a glimpse at a ravine, which travellers have North Midland
.... 61 0 .
0 ••
Is the deep joy I have in thee ! OXT ON MOOR. estimated to be 10,000 feet deep, where fir-trees were scarcely Statesman,- South Eastern and Dover
strikingly illustrative of the subject. We recommend Quiller, hence at Hobart Town North Union lOO 37 10 s .
•
Was I not murmuring even now, distinguishable, and seemed to be not an inch in height. The Murray, Houston, and Zeno, Mossop, hence at Jamaica PRICES OF TIMBER AT LIVERPOOL. n 0 ••
St. Helen's and Runcorn Gap too paid 0 O. •• se
That summer skies as bright should glow this pamphlet to the notice of all who are anxious to NO. I. glancing of the sun's rays upon the snow must have been Nereid, Watkins, hence at Odessa York and North Midland 2O paid 0 0 en'
On this dull town, as on the far restore the stage to its pristine condition of prosperity. , The rapid advance of improvement, as well as the increase the cause of their being at all discernible.-Captain Mig- Commerce, Primrose, from Alexandria, at ditto WOOD, Deals, 120 stand. m. duty paid
BANKS. 0 0 •''' .1
Scenes, where my early memories are ? of population, on the Cheshire shore, outstrips the calcula- nan's Winter Journey to Koordistaun. Devon, Morish, hence at Gibraltar Archangel &ls o®l9 0 I Royal Bank of Liverpool 500 .... 720 , 6 ..•• lo '
Memel 17 0 Is 0
Oh; lighting up this busy street, tions of the e whi most sanguin . Birkenhead, ( ch now num- Ask, Trope, from Leghorn, at ditto Bank of Liverpool .t 12 lOs paid 23 1 6
....
They shine upon a flower as sweet, Thomas's Life of Napoleon. Part 1. London: Joseph bers upwards of seven hundred inhabitants,) Tranmere, and CAVIARE.-It consists of the roes of fish properly salted Science, •bothsailed ' t May Gothenburg
Baker, from Odessa, at ditto, and
Wyburg 16 0 16 10 Not above 16 ft - Commercial of Liverpool 10 19 7 .•
As rose or violet of the wild, Thomas. 1839. the margin of the river, as far as New Ferry, have received from the for this ort
and prepared. The best is that which is obtained p
Petersburg - - F... 19. B. P. 2.
16 10 -18 0 21 feet. - Liverpool Union •. • . 5° '•
10 .... 14 6
....
On thee, my dear, my blessed child ! Acorn, Robertson, hence at Cadiz
roes of the several sorts of sturgeons, the sevrug,as, and the _au - Northern and Central
This work is remarkably well got up. The plates, an impulse which nothing but the stagnation of commerce in m ney, Downes, sailed from Lisbon for this port 20th May PLANKS, per foot of 2 inches thick. £22 ...e2 10s.
I'll put the dreams of memory by, belugas. It is prepared with much care, and appears to con- - Albion
And gazing on thy cloudless eye, which are exceedingly numerous, are after designs by Liverpool, the heart from which all their vitality is derived,
sist entirely of the eggs of the fish. A strolls. brine, and Wassily Williky, Nimrat, and Stirlingshire, Sinclair, hence at St. Dantzig, Deck - 0 4 a 0 •
British American Pine
Petersburg 0 2S- 0 3
So by thy loving heart will see, Horace Vernet. The letterpress is alone more than can now arrest. The same observation applies to the north -
long narrow bags of strong linen are provided
'beforehand. Tug, Milian; Agatha, Schur, and Apollo, Sturge, hence at Riga LATHWOOD, per fathom. -of Manchester lO .... 12 Id 6
....
A pure, sublimed epitome, worth the price of the work. We cordially wish it ern portion of the Wirral Peninsula as far as New Brighton,
These bags are half filled with the roes, and then quite filled Fredericke, Brandt, hence at Danzic , Danzig, 4 feet . .t'9 0-10 0 £4 Ss. - M'chester & L'pool Dada 15 .... 12 17 6
....
Of my young happy days in thee but more particularly in reference to Birkenhead and its lo- - South Lancashire
success. We rejoice to find such works placed within • • • with the brine, which is poured in upon them. When the maxi, Rama ; Maria, Hollander; Gowe, M'Kenzie, and Con- British American 5 0 6 0 15s.
........aa555a5aa............. cality. Oxton Moor hes about two miles to the southwest of ordia, Stackholder, hence at Riga MAHOGANY, per foot of 1 inch thick. Liverpool Banking Company .. 10 .... 11 2 ,
....
the reach of the great bulk of the population. While Woodside •
situation,elevated , in a commanding
~,, brine has oozed through, the men wring the bags strongly
c Mentor, ''
Meyer, hence at Swinemunde Honduras - 0 10 £1 10s. Borough Bank lO 16 7 "
Ii Y NOTICES. the poor may afford to purchase this excellent work, feet above the level of the river at high water. It comprises with their hands, after which the roes are left for ten or Mary Ann Hatton, --, hence for Pictou, was spoken Bth May, Cuba - 111 1...„., 5
Commercial Bank of England.. 5 .... 5 6 ....
twelve hours in the bags to dry, and are then taken out and in lat. 50, long. 33 St. Domingo 1 5 23 J --• East of England lO 9 7 .-
its typgraphical and decorative attractions render it part of an estate belonging to the Earl of Shrewsbury-, by Phoenix Bank
10 .... 0 0 ....
Blackwood 's Magazine. June 1839. succession from the Domvelles to the Hulses, Troutbecks put into small casks. The second sort is rather unpleasant Bell, Innes, hence for Oporto, at Kinsale, master ill OAK PLANKS, British American.. none. 15s per load. Wilts and Dorset 7 los. 0 0
an ornament to the libraries of the rich. ' on account of its extreme saltness. This is prepared by LONDONDERRY, May 31.-The Bradshaw, Milroy, of Liverpool. TEAKWOOD, per cubic feet - 5 6 10s.
We are treated in the present number of Blackwood and Talbots, and is destined, at no very distant period, to GAS, WATER WORKS, &c.
with emigrants for Philadelphia, which left our quay on Thursday STAVES, per 1200.
salting the roes in a large trough,, by repeatedly shovelling 0 0 ••••
• •
with e splendid political article on the late manoeuvres c • become a favourite summer residence of the wealthier inhabi-• e
morning tide, in tow of a steamer, had not water over the flats Danzig, C. Pip £l5O 0 -160 0 Exchange Buildings .4100 paid 1136
large quantities of salt over them ; after which they are Not ab. 36 in. L'pool and Harrington 'lVater 1 0 0
Confessions of Harry Lorrequer. Part 4. Dublin : tants of Liverpool. As the beauty and variety of scenery in this river about six miles from the quay, and she must remain Hhd. 7O 0- 80 0 350 .. ~ 457
of the " shabbier." The comments offered on the part placed to drain in sieves, or on thick nets, stretched out, and .e 1 3s. B.P. 2s. Works
, until the next springs, which will be about the 9th or 10th of June, Quebec, red, 11 inch thick, },. o •••
W. Curry, jun., & Co. presented to the eye of the spectator in his journey to, and
,io 0- 90 0 2 6 4s. Bootle Ditto Stock.... 327 10
...
afterwards pressed into barrels. The worst sort, -after being before she can proceed. and 51 feet long
acted by the whig tricksters in office are not more when he has surmounted, the summit of the hill, is compara- 3 0 6s. L'pool Coal Gas Company.... Stock, ... 370 0 : :..•
Long live Harry Lorrequer to please and amuse thesalted, • is spread upon mats in the sun to dry, after which it sLIGO. May al.-Smyrna, Baird, from Liverpool, with a general Do. Puncheon l6 0-25 o
scvere than true and just. The despicable and ridicu- •i• lively little known, a slight sketch of some of the more pro- L'pool New Gas & Coke Co. .ei 00 .... 197 0
11111111 C ! The interest of these " confessions" is unim- . - is trodden with the feet by a person who wears leathern cargo, arrived here yesterday morning, and when in stays at the Ti NIGER, per cubic foot. s. d. s. d.
lon3 position of the ministry is exposed in the most minent parts of the picture may not prove uninterestirer. Ditto new shares are now paid up.
Meta Man, with a pilot on board, her heel caught the rock, where Oak 2 9 - 4 0
aired.p Th * f Mr. Cd e stories o u more and the tea-pot Tle •a mg the direct road to the Grange, leaving the Catholic
" stockings. The caviare is scarcely known in this country ; ASSURANCE COMPANIES.
masterly style. "My First. Client" is a pleasant andin Russia anltaly vas quantities are consume -no
but
• R • d t'd t she struck for about ten minutes, and then got off making a deal Pine, British Amer. common - 1 9 lOs
•F• d
-the adventure in the mail-coach-Dr. inucane an chapel and Holt-hill on the left, and •-* P kfi ld P are, a newof water ; she reached the quay in the evening, having two feet red l- 2 4 per load. Liverpool Marine Assurance 125 paid 0 0
Isumourouspaper. T., he-translation of " Meremee on exactly as an article of diet, but as a relish with bread. Company
the grey mare-and the catastrophe at the theatre, are colony of tasteful sequestered mansions, reared under the water in her hold. - yellow .... 1 7 - 2 0
Oil Painting " contains much • g information of a useful Danzig, midclling 2 2i- 23 } Ocean Assurance Company. ... 10 .... 619 •
exceedingly laughable. The plates are exquisitely plastic and enterprising hand of Mr. Dobbs, and proceeding ORIENTAL EASE.-The day of a rich Turk, or of one Liverpool Fire and Life 2 10s. 1100 .*
character. " The Legend of the Lake" rises far above • t' forward, Bidston Lighthouse, which is not only a prominent, unencumbered by the toils of manual labour, is nearly as WEDNESDAY, JUNE 5.-Wind N.W. moderate. Memel, middling 2 21- " 3 £2 15s. Toad DOCKS, FERRIES, NEW COMPANIES,&e• 6
...,
designed. RRIVED.-Manchester, Roddock, from Bahia-Tam O'Shanter Riga, red 26 - --- 1
mediocrity. We cannot say that we admire the con- but an interesting object, particularly to strangers, stands in follows :-He rises before day-light to pray ; takes a water- A , ,
Stephenson, from Puerto Cabello-Birkby, Johnson, from New Or- _
0 o "'.
elusion of the autobiography of the " Irish Oyster CONTEMPORARY PRESS. the distance, on its barren elevation, in striking contrast with Pipe or argale ; afterwards smokes ten or a dozen common 1 • •
learns-Cahawba, Smith, from Mobile and New York-Jane Haddon, Woodside Ferry
Egremont Ferry 25 0
a rich belt of green foliage at Claughton, which from this Pines, with at least twenty cups of coffee ; dinner is served Hamilton, from New York-Catherine Mitchell, M'Cortnick, from AN ACCOUNT OF CATTLE, 12 10s.
Eater" :it contains some good points, but the narra- Rock Ferry
point of view appears to lie at its base, rendered not the less about ten, and consists of a great variety of dishes ;he will Odessa-Sceptre, Bartlett, and Red Rover, --, from Alexandria, Imported into Liverpool, from the 28th ult. to the 3d inst.
consistency. 'lle " Dii M•no
five wants i rum Gentium" THE GOVERNMENT SCHEME OF NATIONAL interesting by several white cottages peering through the dark then sitand
Steam Tug Company l7 .. 717 A
...•
7 .... 3 12
..,.
promises to be a very interesting series : the first pipe r EDUCATION. masses of verdure. Advancing onwards, and inclining to the of day retires to his harem, which is a house apart from his Ferguson, from Oporto-Vallentora, -, from Boureeaux-
Ber Berger Jarl Astrom, from Stockholm-Frederick, Zell from Wol- Cows. Sheep. Pigs. Horses. Mules. Calves. Lambs.
1843 5194 5585
Harrington Docks
188 9 18 1434 100 .. 00 0
.. ~
introduces to our notice some very beautiful specimens left, a green knoll, over which are seen the roofs and out- own-for Turks and their wives have separate residences-or Is , , Er • Apothecaries' Company
.... 9 10:'______ii.zz
(From the Morning Herald.) gast-Fairy Queen, Hart, from Hamburgh-Otterspool, Scales, reviously 25766 31958 124498 1330 141 205 4027 As ring
(Liverpool)
of nett from Carew and Herrick. The masterly Th tP e great Protestant meeting at Exeter-hall ,to e • Ex hall b buildings of the Grange Farm, presents a pleasing variety to else go home to his own bed. Nothing can be more mono-
the elegant villa and unrivalled rounds, bristlin •th
g g with rung tonous than such a life ; but in this part of the empire, to - and Hendrika
from Rotterdam-Triton, Molkenbuhr, from Altona-Kinderdyke,
Meyshoff from D rdt-Auguste Kirkhove COASTWISE.
Cows. Sheep. Pigs. Horses. Calves. Lambs. - i
essay on " Whig Decline and Degradation" will amply held on the 12th instant, will embody the whole Pro- and thriving wood, under the care of its worthy proprietor, those seated at balconiesall day, the beauty ofthe ' ' ' ° ' '
scenery, from Ostend-Wrestler; Palmer, from Konigsberg-and Brutus, 31 974 0 o 2 46 -
-------'''
Th
repay the trouble of perusal. e paper on " The testant feeling of the metropolis against that popish and Mr. Forshaw. The top of a narrow line, a little short of the and the everchanging crowds of passengers, beguile its , from Africa. Previously.. 2915 27697 2084 34 50 160 TIDE TABLE.
Genius Of Raphael" is evidently the production of a infidel scheme of education for which a vote is to be first gate on the Woodchurch turnpike, flanking the south tediousness. The Turks never breakfast. Their usual din- SAILRD.-Elizabeth, Priee, for Jamaica-Troy, Wood, for New -----,-..-.
York-and Feronia, Jarvis, for Genoa. Days. limn. Ern.' Height.
master mind. " Hymns to the Gods" are deservedly Y taken in the "supplies" on Frida the 14th. The mi-
y, side of a fine field belonging to Mr. Ball, affords a fine view nor is soup, then roast meat, then vegetables mixed with LIVERPOOL INFIRMARY REPORT,
pralsed by Christopher North himself as fine speci- nisters have discovered that England ' •not
already
is sa- of the country. Holt-hill, with its mill and church, andsome meat, and during the time of serving they eat sweets of
of its houses part'ally hidden by trees to ether with Mr. preserved apples; quinces, and fruit jellies • also meat and Corsair,
at Halifax' '
Daly • John Porter, -, and Amanda, Davies, hence June 1, 1839. .
--- 11. M. H. M. F. I. ._.‘ 6 e'eP' ••,
0
Friday 7 652 725 13 s mars ribs- sriP
rnens of American genius. " Our Chambers" is ex- tisfied to be treated like Ireland, and that no love of , '- ' • ' - r - almond patties ; afterwards some fowls, stuffed turkeys, fish, Acadian, from the Clyde, at ditto DISCIIAROED. ADMITTED. Saturdas 87 57 82614 11 •Or
euisitely rich in i ,
t its humour. " The Life of a Specu- " the union" can bring us to fall in love with popish ful slope, sweeps into the lower part of Birkenhead. Here every thing swimming in butter ;at ie end ,of dinner, the Hester, arshall, hence at St. Andrew, N.B. In-patients cured
lative German" is a singular narrative. There are versions and popish schools. Even dissenters are be- the eye challenges the rudiments of a rising town, an elegant indispensible dish of rice or pilau appears. Properly speak- Abeona, Grant ; Orbit, Robinson, and I.erwick, Currie, hence at Relieved and at own request . 4 note at
asseattbs''ens!s'
some splendid passages in " The Vision of Caligula." ginning to feel some remorse at the base cowhich compact new church, a chapel belonging to the Independents, large ing, no dessert is taken ; but the Turks eat fruit, salad, and St. John, N.B. .
Mary Ann, Lister, hence at Genoa in 22 days Made Out-patients
Irregular
0 Remain in the house ..... . .218 Tuesday 11 10 35 11 1 17 5 5t..,,---„..„, ,ri
Wednes. 12 11 25 11 50 17 8 Trinity .1‘ n' 33 Is'
blocks of isolatethings durin their repast, which ended the wash
d buildings, streets, numerous stuccoed Cot- sweet g , Y Dead - 013 17 a mats sets "
some of their pastors were endeavouring to enter intoAmelia, Cholditch, hence at Trieste
- - - - 4N rri.. aan rasa asaatasaa .111,14 .1 avas• 1-1-.. ~,,,,,m4 m ri..1..,._ their hands--as knives and forks are unknown-light their it,..,, ~n,:. r ~;,1-, a-aa, at rassataaa and vabanaris at mt... .....-,..., 4'
2708
......
64 0
00
::::

Fraser's Magazine. June, 1839.
We have no reason this month to complain that
Fraser has eschewed politics. The article on " The
approaching Dissolution" is a slashing affair : the wri-
ter has no mercy on the Whig imbeciles in office. The
criticism on the " Knights of Aristophanes" is a truly
classical production. " The Devil's Diary ; or Temp-
tation," is exceedingly well written, and full of interest.
The masterly article on " Domestic Jesuitism" is one
of the best in the whole magazine : it unfolds a fear-
ful tale of Popish intrigue. We recommend it to the
notice of all who are attached to the Protestant Church
of England. The review of " Croher's Popular Songs
of; Ireland" is full of spirit and energy. " The Modern
Pythagorean" contains some interesting particulars
relating to Dr. Macnish. The story of " Catharina"
is a capital satire on a certain class of fashionable
novels. The " Anatomy of the Chess Automaton"
explains the secret of that grand piece of humbug.
The " Familiar Epistle to the Grand Duke of Russia"
is in O'Doherty's best style. The lecture on the fine
arts is an exquisite brochure. On the whole, Fraser
has produced a capital number this month.

The great Protestant meeting at Exeter-hall, to be
held on the 12th instant, will embody the whole Pro-
testant feeling of the metropolis against that popish and
infidel scheme of education for which a vote is to be
taken in the "supplies" on Friday, the 14th. The mi-
nisters have already cliscoVered that England is not sa-
tisfied to be treated like Ireland, and that no love of
`• the union" can bring us to fall in love with popish
versions and popish schools. Even dissenters are be-
ginning to feel some remorse at the base compact which
some of their pastors were endeavouring to enter into
with " the scarlet ." They refuse, in many in-
stances, to pay the price of their consciences to their
politics, and Mr. Baines—"nolens volens"—has been
compelled to present many strong petitions from the
north against the very measure which he has advocated
in parliament.
This is just as it should be. Religion with English-
men is everything. It is not a matter of state policy,
as in Prussia or Austria. It is not something which is
to be taught and learned at the schools, and then to be
neglected and forgotten in after-life. It forms the sum
and substance of our daily enjoyment. It is the sub-
stratum of all our opinions on secular affairs. Hence
the superiority of the English character—hence the sta-
bility of our civil and social institutions—and hence,
too, the -desire on the part of infidels, papists, and le-
vellers, to mock, to argue, or to drive us out of these
religious attachments.
But our religion is not the vague phantom of the
theorist. It is the religion of the Gospel and the Re-
formation. It is Protestantism in all its freedom, as
opposed to popery in all its slavery. It is the right to
read our own Bibles, and to expound them for ourselves.
It is the right to make our own consciences the ulti-
mate appeal—to have our responsibility dependant on
our free agency—never to delegate our faith to a priest
or confessor—but to remember that " every man must
bear his own burden."

The rapid advance of improvement, as well as the increase
of population, on the Cheshire shore, outstrips the calcula-
tions of the most sanguine. Birkenhead, (which now num-
bers upwards of seven hundred inhabitants,) Tranmere, and
the margin of the river, as far as New Ferry, have received
an impulse which nothing but the stagnation of commerce in
Liverpool, the heart from which all their vitality is derived,
can now arrest. The same observation applies to the north-
ern portion of the Wirral Peninsula as far as New Brighton,
but more particularly in reference to Birkenhead and its lo-
cality. Oxton Moor lies about two miles to the southwest of
Woodside, in a commanding situation, elevated about 240
feet above the level of the river at high water. It comprises
part of an estate belonging to the Earl of Shrewsbury, by
succession from the Domvelles to the Hulses, Troutbecks,
and Talbots, and is destined, at no very distant period, to
become a favourite summer residence of the wealthier inhabi-
tants of Liverpool. As the beauty and variety of scenery
presented to the eye of the spectator in his journey to, and
when he has surmounted, the summit of the hill, is compara-
tively little known, a slight sketch of some of the more pro-
minent parts of the picture may not prove uninteresting.
Taking the direct road to the Grange, leaving the Catholic
chapel and Holt-hill on the left, and passing Parkfield, a new
colony of tasteful sequestered mansions, reared under the
plastic and enterprising hand of Mr. Dobbs, and proceeding
forward, Bidston Lighthouse, which is not only a prominent,
but an interesting object, particularly to strangers, stands in
the distance, on its barren elevation, in striking contrast with
a rich belt of green foliage at Claughton, which from this
point of view appears to lie at its base, rendered not the less
interesting by several white cottages peering through the dark
masses of verdure. Advancing onwards, and inclining to the
left, a green knoll, over which are seen the roofs and out-
buildings of the Grange Farm, presents a pleasing variety to
the elegant villa and unrivalled grounds, bristling with young
and thriving wood, under the care of its worthy proprietor,
Mr. Forshaw. The top of a narrow line, a little short of the
first gate on the Woodchurch turnpike, flanking the south
side of a fine field belonging to Mr. Ball, affords a fine view
of the country. Holt-hill, with its mill and church, and some
of its houses, partially hidden by trees, together with Mr.
Sharpe's ornamental cottages fringing the crest of the grace-
ful slope, sweeps into the lower part of Birkenhead. Here
the eye challenges the rudiments of a rising town, an elegant
new church, a chapel belonging to the Independents, large
blocks of isolated buildings, streets, numerous stuccoed cot-
tages, and new erections spread over the ground in rich va-
riety, springing up in every direction, with an effect almost
magical to those who have been absent only a few short
months. Liverpool, from St. Michael's, in the south, now
presents itself, with its various churches and public buildings.
See there the light playing, with exquisite dioramic effect,
upon the dome of the Custom-house, Town-hall, and the
higher parts of the town, south of St. Nicholas's Church, and
here upon that magnificent range of stone-fronted buildings
forming the north side of Hamilton-square, which, as the
view of the river is shut out, seems united to and forms a su-
perb appendage to Liverpool, whilst other parts of the town
are obscured in deep shadow, divesting it of monotony, and
throwing about it an air of romantic beauty. The spectacle is
striking, and can only be enjoyed under peculiar circumstan-
ces. As it is now presented to us, the eye may alternately
luxuriate in the bolder features of the town, and repose upon
the more subdued picture to the left, where masts, spires,
domes, chimneys, mills, &c., are all lost in one soft mass of
gray mist, whilst Everton and its villa-covered crest, and
Billinge, Rivington Pike, and other distant hills, form the
background of the interesting landscape. A patch of the
river only is seen from this point of view forming an irre-
gular and very singular figure, somewhat like an inland lake
in a romantic country, with a surface, however, sufficiently
busy to claim for it a connexion with a maritime port.
Proceeding higher up the slope, and inclining a little to the
left, over a road at once as unconscious of the skill as it is
of the tax of the supervisor, the Moor, in all its primitive
simplicity, presents itself, where the black-cock, in by-gone
days, has culled the heath-bell in undisturbed possession.
Here the lover of the picturesque may fancy himself on the
far-off mountains in the North, until his dream is dissipated
by turning his head to the scenes behind, where several new
cottages meet his gaze, inclosed in random walls, and equally
disadvantaged, by being exposed to the blasts of winter, as
in summer they are favoured, by commanding a view of the
splendid scenery by which they are surrounded. Following
the track to the southwest side of the Common, the spectator
is suddenly transported by the sight of a sweeping vale of
green and verdant appearance, if not remarkable for its foliage.
The high lands of Flintshire mark the southern boundary of
the vale, whilst the border scenery of the Principality arrests
the attention of the spectator in the centre of the picture,
Mod Famau, by its altitude, claiming the pre-eminence in
the majestic range of mountains, beyond which the worthy
descendants of the aborigenes of this island disputed the en-
croachments of their more disciplined invaders after unavail-
ing deeds of heroism to maintain the, independence of the
country. The extensive valley which now falls beneath the
eye is beautifully broken up with hedge-rows, clumps, farm-
houses, &c., whilst the light curving road, contrasting with
the pastures on each side, is visible in the distance, leading
to a splendid modern Elizabethan mansion, Arrow-hall, raised
by the present proprietor, John Ralph Shaw, Esq. It stands
on the opposite side of the valley, surrounded by a young
plantation. The venerable tower of Woodchurch, _with its
sequestered village, modestly engages the attention a little
more to the right. Turning more northward, Bidston Light-
house presents the appearance of a castle of defence on the
summit of its rugged heights, and adds a singular, but highly-
interesting variety to the bold and romantic scenery of the
neighbourhood. Passing towards the village, on the right
hand will be seen Mr. James's new and handsome villa on
apex of the ridge, possessing a locality which embraces ad-
vantages almost unparalleled in reference to prospect. From
the eastern windows of the house, Liverpool, with the greater
part of the prospect before described, is seen; the western
windows of the house command the other part of the picture,
with a very important addition derived from superior altitude ;
in favourable weather the whole range of the Carnarvonshire
mountains is visible, Snowdon and his mighty compeers fre-
quently appearing, bathed in the glories of the setting sun,
and furnishing, with the intermediate objects, all tinged with
the same warm and cheering radiance, a subject worthy the
pencil of a Salvator or a Wright, and suggesting ideas such
as occupied the mind of Byron when he penned the following
glowing description of a sunset in Greece :

PASSAGE OF THE CAUCASIITS.—When the hour for start.
ing had arrived, the road impediments had been removed ;
and, fearful as it was, we were compelled to resume our
perilous journey, which was more appalling than words can
express. Some parts of our track were so dangerous from
the avalanches which had shelved across it, that even the
Persian horsemen dismounted, and led their steeds for many
miles ; and we were forced to quit the carriage, and wade
through the snow knee deep. Some of the perpendicular
precipices of this primitive chain were so fearful, that it was
scarcely possible to look steadily over them. At one part of
the road, I and another person held Mrs. Mignan, who
wished to take a glimpse at a ravine, which travellers have
estimated to be 10,000 feet deep, where fir-trees were scarcely
distinguishable, and seemed to be, not an inch in height. The
glancing of the sun's rays upon the snow must have been
the cause of their being at all discernible.—captain Mig-
nan's Winter Journey to Koordistaun.
CAVIARE.—It consists of the roes of fish properly salted
and prepared. The best is that which is obtained from the
roes of the several sorts of sturgeons, the sevrugas, and the
belugas. It is prepared with much care, and appears to con-
sist entirely of the eggs of the fish. A strong brine, and
long narrow bags of strong linen are provided beforehand.
These bags are half filled with the roes, and then quite filled
with the brine, which is poured in upon them. When the
brine has oozed through, the men wring the bags strongly
with their hands, after which the roes are left for ten or
twelve hours in the bags to dry, and are then taken out and
put into small casks. The second sort is rather unpleasant
on account of its extreme saltness. This is prepared by
salting the roes in a large trough,, by repeatedly shovelling
large quantities of salt over them ; after which they are
placed to drain in sieves, or on thick nets, stretched out, and
afterwards pressed into barrels. The worst sort, after being
salted, is spread upon mats in the sun to dry, after which it
is trodden with the feet by a person who wears leathern
stockings. The caviare is scarcely known in this country ;
but in Russia and Italy vast quantities are consumed—not
exactly as an article of diet, but as a relish with bread.
ORIENTAL EASE.—The day of a rich Turk, or of one
unencumbered by the toils of manual labour, is nearly as
follows :—He rises before day-light to pray ; takes a water-
pipe or argale ; afterwards smokes ten or a dozen common
pipes, with at least twenty cups of coffee ; dinner is served
about ten, and consists of a great variety of dishes ; he will
then sit and smoke till six, when he sleeps, and at the close
of day retires to his harem, which is a house apart from his
own—for Turks and their wives have separate residences—or
else go home to his own bed. Nothing can be more mono-
tonous than such a life ; but in this part of the empire, to
those seated at balconies all day, the beauty of the scenery,
and the everchanging crowds of passengers, beguile its
tediousness. The Turks never breakfast. Their usual din-
ner is soup, then roast meat, then vegetables mixed with
meat, and during the time of serving they eat sweets of
preserved apples; quinces, and fruit jellies • also meat and
almond patties ; afterwards some fowls, stuffed turkeys, fish,
every thing swimming in butter : at the end ,of dinner, the
indispensible dish of rice or pilau appears. Properly speak-
ing, no dessert is taken ; but the Turks eat fruit, salad, and
sweet things during their repast, which ended, they wash
their hands--as knives and forks are unknown—light their
pipes, and take coffee. Supper is a repetition of dinner ;
water is their beverage, sometimes sherbet, or water and
juice of preserved fruit mixed. Hoshab consists of fruit
stewed and served in the juice—amongst the rich eaten as a
dessert, being served after dinner. It appears in a large
glass va<. e, and each guest helps himself. Great care is taken
that no bread be trodden under foot ; the aliments of men
are sacred : a Turk would not slay an enemy, if he surprised
him drinking water.—The Shores of the Mediterranean, by
Frank Hall Standish, Esq.
THE HAWTHORN.—In May and June appear the blos-
soms of the common hawthorn, and those of all its numerous
varieties. Perhaps no tree has produced more varieties than
this. Loudon enumerates thirty kinds, and we believe there
are a good many more. The most remarkable of those is the
Glastonbury thorn, which is generally in flower at Christmas.
The Glastonbury thorn is, indeed, in leaf, flower, or fruit,
almost all the year ; and it has, generally, all three at once
on it at Christmas. The original tree grows at Glastonbury ;
and, according to the legend, was the staff of Joseph of An-
rnathea which being stuck into the ground on Christmas day,
miraculously took root, and instantly produced leaves, flow-
ers, and ripe fruit. Queen Mary's thorn has drooping
branches, and long fleshy root, which are good to eat. The
original tree is said to be still standing, and, if this be true,
it must now be nearly 300 years old.—The other varieties of
the hawthorn have probably originated from seedlings ob-
served in some hedge, and transplanted into a nursery. In
this manner the beautiful scarlet hawthorn was discovered,
and also the double-flowered kind, which is so ornamental in
our shrubberies, both when its blossoms first expand, and are
of a pure white, and when in about a fortnight they begin to
take a pinkish tinge, which deepens gradually as they. decay.
Some of the varieties have bright yellow fruit ; and in some
it is quite black ; in some the leaves are shaped like those of
the oak, and in others they are slender and deeply cut, like
those of the fern. One kind grows stiff and upright, like the
Lombardy poplar, and the branches of another kind are cur-
led and twisted together like gigantic ringlets. In some the
leaves are variegated, and in others smooth and shining; in
short, it is scarcely possible to set any limits to the varieties.
The red-blossomed hawthorn was one of the earliest disco-
vered, it having been found in the time of Ray ; and we may
easily imagine what a valuable acquisition it must have been
to the slender stock of flowering shrubs possessed by our
ancestors. It is somewhat remarkable, that all the red-blos-
somed hawthorns have not been propagated from the same
tree, but that several red-blossomed seedlings have been
found at different times, and at different places. Nearly all
the other varieties appear to have been discovered acciden-
tally ; and their number is accounted for by the fact of mm e
plants of the hawthorn being raised from seed than of any
other tree, from the great length of time that the hawthorn
has been used for a hedge plant.—Monthly Chronicle for
June.

Corsair, Daly; John Porter, —, and Amanda, Davies, hence
at Halifax
Acadian, from the Clyde, at ditto
Hester, Marshall, hence at St. Andrew, N.B.
Abeona, Grant; Orbit, Robinson, and Lerwick, Currie, hence at
St. John, N.B.
Mary Ann, Lister, hence at Genoa in 22 days
Amelia, Cholditch, hence at Trieste
Regalia, Cobb, from St. Domingo and Falmouth, at ditto
Richard, Simpson, hence for Calcutta, was off Waterford 30th
May
Frances Ann, Hay, from Calcutta, off Kinsale
Brothers, —, from Pernambuco, off Waterford
England, , hence for Quebec, off Dungannon 29th May
Maria, Vanloo, hence for Bruges, at Penzance, dismasted
Norman, Luckley, sailed from Trieste for this port 18th May
Dinah, Dick, and Royal Mail, Stokes, sailed from Cadiz for this
port 23rd May
Christiana, Gardner, sailed from Nantes 29th May, and the Lady
Rowley, Wright, on the 10th—both for this port
Breeze, Tozer, hence for Wangoroe, at Dover
Westmoreland, , hence for St. John, N.B. was spoken 19th
April, in lat. 44 0, long. 33 0, with loss of topmasts, foreyard, &c.
Independence, Nye, he'nce for New York, was spoken 39th ult. in
lat. 51 0, long. 8 0
Tamerlane, , hence for Savannah, was spoken 6th May, in
lat. 43 0, long. 39 0
Cygnet, , from St. Joseph's for this port, was spoken 30th
April, in lat. 41 0, long. 34 0
Mary, Christian, from Monte Video, at this port. In lat. 46 0,
long. 20 0, spoke the Druid, from Cork for New York, and took from
her the captain of the Catherine, from Newport for Cork, which
foundered 11th May, in lat. 500, long. 8 0

Consulting Physician.. Dr. Brandreth.
Consulting Surgeons, Mr Forshaw and Mr. Dawson
House Visitors . . . Mr. Semple and Mr. Lyon.
Chaplain Rev. R. Davies.
Apothecary, Mr. W. Burgess.
House Surgeon Mr. Nottingham.

Discharged

LIVERPOOL DISPENSARIES.

Number of new patients entered on the books of the Dispensaries
during the last week:—
_ _

Tie Dublin University Magazine. June, 1539..

This is an excellent number. It opens with " A Mid-
summer Anthology," in which we have some beautiful
specimens of poetry from the pen of our gifted towns-
woman, Miss Mary Anne Browne, and by others of
no mean reputation. We are glad to see the mirth-
provoking " Confessions of Harry Lorrequer" con-
tinued, and should he sorry to find them concluded.
The article on the " Social, Moral, and Political State
of Sweden" contains an able analysis of Mr. Laing's
work on the same subject. "The Datum Fastuosa" is
an interesting tale, but somewhat rhapsodical. The
critique on " Reade's Poems" does ample justice to the
author, who seems to be the very prince of plagiarists.
The " Report of the Conservative Registration Com-
mittee" of Dublin is a carefully compiled document.
It is qnite evident that our conservative friends on the
other side of the channel are "wide awake," and fully
prepared to oust O'Connell aßcl Hutton at the next
election. The concluding article on " Ministerial Ma-
nceuvres" is excellent.

This is Protestantism ; and by the good Providence
of Heaven we have, in a great measure, been kept
steadfast in this faith by reading the Holy Scriptures
out of one and the same version—a version which, by
its intrinsic merit, has commended itself alike to church-
men and dissenters, and which has now for more than
200 years been the great bond and badge of our Pro-
testant unity. Whilst this bond of unity remains un-
broken, the arts of popery and infidelity will never pre-
vail against us. In all moments of peril and extremity
we have a rallying point, and we have one common
shield on all ordinary occasions. It is to destroy this
bond, and to rob us of this shield, that popery and in-
fidelity are now making common cause against us, and
they do it under the pretence of a new system of na-
tional education.

THURSDAY, JUNE 6.—Wind S.S.E.

AftatvEn.—Adirandock, Hackstaff, from New Orleans ; sailed 7th
April—Thcmas Williams, —, from Leghorn—Pauline, Perre,
from Ostend—lduna, Howland, from Odessa—Brothers, —,
from Smyrna—and Iris, Brown, from Cadiz and Dublin.
OFF THE Poser.—Actress, , from New Orleans—Republic,
Coffin, from New York—and Jupiter, , from Danzic.
SAlLED.—Helenie Eugenic, Gillegode, for Ostend—Dorothea,
Hoppe, for Narva—Hebe, Partridgs, for Gibraltar—Augusta, Holtz,
for Wiadau—James Lyon, Shedden, for Honduras—Allersma, Vos,
for Harlingen—Gute Hornung, Redman, for Copenhagen—Per-
severance, Mounet, for Ostend—and Henriette, D'Hont, and Cle-
mence, Hinge, for Antwerp.

Talley-rand, Webb, from Natchez, at this port. On 23rd May, in
lat. 52 49, long. 15 40, spoke the Columbine, from St. John, N.B.
for Liverpool _ . .

Sultana' -, from Valparaiso for this port, was spoken 6th
May, in lat. 36, long. 41
Ironside, -----, hence for Pernambuco, was spoken 30th ult. in
lat. 50, long. g _ _ _

Lord Altru3rp e, -, hence for Bahia, was spoken Ist instant,
in lat. 50, long. 8
Sir Walter Scott, -, hence for Maranham, was spoken 12th
May, in lat. 47, long. 35
Iluskissen, Tasker, hence at Bonny
Bess, Martin, hence at Algiers
Great Britain, . and American, Fletcher, from Mobile. off
Kinsale 29th May
Rocket, and Clansman, from Africa, off Cork
Fairfield, Slack, from Savannah, off Cape Clear

Empo rts'.

Received advice and medicine at the Insti-
tution
Visited at their own houses and supplied
with medicine

North. South. Total

383 6g 632

Total at each Dispensary

VISITORS.

163 102 265

North—Mr. W. F. M`Gregor, Rev. Dr. Buck, and Rev. Thomas
Bibby.
South—Mr. F. Jordan, Mr. Joseph Cooper, and Rev. J. Asninall.
R. WEDGWOOD, Secretary.
Dispensaries' Office, I, Fenwick-street, June 3, 1839.

[MONTHLY REPORT.]
OPTHALMIC INFIRMARY. SLATER-STREET,
Established A.D. 1820.

New Patients admitted in the month of May
Patients prescribed for, and who have received Surgical }
Assistance during the month of May SSA

Tait's Edinburgh 11,Tagazine. June, 1839.

It is several months since we have been favoured
With a copy of this excellent magazine. Though we
differ toto cce/o from Tait's Magaziae in politics, we
are still among its warmest admirers. It numbers
among its contributors some of the most powerful
writers of the day. The number before us opens with
an exceedingly well-written article on the question
" What sort of a government are we to have ?" Lord
John Russell and his associates are handled by the
writer with no little severity. There is much justice
in the remarks on "The Maids of Honour," but we
do not agree with the writer in the opinion that it would
have been judicious to hush up the outrageous case of
Lady Flora Hastings. The continuation of " Blanche
De!amere" fully sustains the interest of the story. The
" "Visits to Remarkable Places," by William Howitt,
abound in anecdotes and curious reminiscences. Mr.
De• .Quincey's essay on "The Greek Orators" is the
best article in the number. It is well worth a careful
perusal. There is much curious and interesting in-
formation in "The Pedestrian Tour of a Scottish
Emigrant in the Middle States of America."

Foreign Monthly Review and Continental Literary Jour-

nal. June, 1839.
We are glad that we are again enabled to give a fa-
vourable opinion of this new periodical. It Is con-
ducted with much spirit, and fully deserves the success
which, we have no doubt, it *ill obtain. The present
number is fully equal to its predecessor, which is one
of the highest encomiums we can bestow upon it. The
" History of the War in Spain" is an impartially writ-
ten critique on the work of the Count de Toren°. The
analysis of Dr. Eichwald's " Travels to the Caspian
Sea and the Caucasus" is hiOly interesting. The pa-
per en the " Lyric Poets of Germany" introduces some
pleasing translations from some of the most popular
writers of Germany. The architect will derive much
instruction from the article on "Architectural Deco-
ration." We have been greatly delighted with the pa-
per on " The Genius of Shakspeare." It is an elo-
quent critique on Dr. Ulrici's work on " Shakspeare's
Dramatic Art." The remaining articles are " Literary
Contemporaries at Weimar"—" Designs and Prospects
of Russia in the East"—" The English Universities"
—" Photogenic Impressions"—and the " Real Politi-
cal Character of Louis the Eighteenth." The miscel-
laneous literary intelligence is extremely valuable.

The Monthly Law Magazine and Political Review.

June, 1839.
There are few periodicals which advocate the princi-
ples of conservatism with greater force and eloquence
than the Monthy Law Magazine. The number before
ns contains an exceedingly well written and temperate
article on the " Metropolitan Police," and another very
clever critique on the " Proceedings of the House of
Commons." The observations on the recent " Bed-
chamber Plot" are very pertinent and forcible. The
continuation of the " Biographical Sketch of Lord
Stowel" will be perused with increasing interest, eepe-

This attack is made against Protestantism, against
"the British" as well as "the National Schools ;" and
none but a dissenter, who hates the Church of Eng-
land more than he loves the cause of the Reformation,
can be prevailed on to aid its violence or disguise its
artifice. It is an attack on England, her character, her
constitution, her manners, her opinions. These are all
essentially Protestant. We are the vanguard and bul-
wark of the Reformation ; and if Protestantism could
be beat down in England, it would quail before popery
in every corner, of the world.
We rejoice, then, that " the Protestant Association"
has felt and discharged its duty on this great emer-
gency, and that it has set up the banners of the Re-
formation against this insane attempt to introduce po-
pish versions and popish schools by government autho-
rity. Popery, it should be remembered, always seeks
for the patronage and authority of the state. Hence,
the late efforts to introduce popish chaplains and to pen-
sion them. They are not content with being admitted
privately into our gaols and prisons and poor-houses,
they wish to come with the sanction and authority of
the government. Hence, too, this clause about popish
Versions—they are not content to read those versions in
private, they seek for the direct patronage of the state.
All this is part and parcel of the policy of Rome—she
never appears as a dissenter, but always demands an
equality with the establishment, that she may finally
demand the supremacy.
This meeting will teach the ministry that, however
they may be bound to Messrs. Wyse and O'Connell,
we are not bound to their chariot-wheels—that England
is still resolved to maintain her Protestant constitution
—and that, come what may in Ireland, we can still live
and die in the principles of the Reformation. We'hail
it as a providential omen, thus to be awakened from the
dreams of modern liberalism, and to be prepared for
the attack of this popish armada.

METEOROLOGICAL PHENOMENON.—There appears to be
a very singular difference between the direction of the wind
at Liverpool and at Manchester, which, may be worth the
notice of some one who pays attention to meteorological.
phenomena. Judging from the reports given in the Liver-
pool shipping-letters. which are received twice a day at our
Exchange, it would seem, that, whenever the wind is north-
erly or easterly, there is a difference of two or three points
between the two places. During the whole of Thursday,
Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and Monday last, the direction
of the wind was reported to be at Liverpool from S.S.E. to
E.S.E.; whilst, during the whole time, it continued here
N.E. or E.N.E. From many observations at different times,
it would seem that the difference between the two places is
pretty regular, and always follows a certain rule, namely,
—that, going round from west to north, and from north to
east, the direction of the wind at Liverpool is generally about
two points in advance of the direction at Manchester. Thus,
the direction at Manchester being as indicated in the first of
the subjoined columns, the direction at Liverpool will be
about that mentioned in the second column :
Manchester. Liverpool.
N.W. N.
N.E.
N.E E.
E......
According to the observations of the writer of this paragraph,
the variation above described does not exist when the wind is
from the south-west.—Maneheater Guardian.

Slow sinks, more lovely ere his race be run,
Along Morea's hills, the setting sun;
Not, as in northern climes, obscurely bright,
But one unclouded blaze of living light ;
O'er the hush'd deep the yellow beam he throws,
Gilds the green wave, that trembles as it glows
On old lEgina's rock, and Idra's isle
The god of gladness sends his parting smile;
O'er his own regions lingering loves to shine,
Though there his altars are no more divine.
Descending fast the mountain shadows kiss,
Thy glorious gulf, uneonquer'd Salamis !
Their azure arches through the long expanse,
More deeply purpled, meet his mellowing glance;
And tenderest tints, along their summits driven,
Mark his gay course, and own the hues of heaven ;
Till, darkly shaded from the laud and deep,
Behind his Delphian cliff he sinks to sleep.

A little further on, about the centre of the village and at
the corner of the lane leading past Mr. Willan's property,
which stands in a commanding situation on the edge of the
moor, there is a new hotel now in the course of erection by
Mr. H. Williams. The road is undergoing a process of
widening and repair, which, when completed and connected
with the new one constructed by Mr. Ball, through his own
land, intersecting the turnpike near the gate, will be an im-
provement of the highest value to the entire neighbourhood.
The sloping ground below the hotel looks over Wallasey Pool,
the river, and the northern portion of the Lancashire coast.
In short, the interesting variety and enchanting scenery
of this neighbourhood must be seen to be duly appreciated.
—Courier.

NOCTURNAL BALLOON ASCENT.—" WE FLY BY NIGHT."
—Last night another of those exhibitions, of late years so
numerous, but the novelty of which, it would appear, is not
yet quite exhausted, took place from the Royal Standard
gardens, City-road. The ascent was announced for so late
an hour as 10 o'clock, and notwithstanding the very unpro-
pitious state of the weather, the allurements held out in the
shape of " Feats of strong men, fire-kings, and fireworks,"
served to attract a pretty tolerable number of visiters. About
a quarter to eleven Mr. Gypson, the new aspirant for aero-
nautic honours, accompanied by a gentleman whose name did
not transpire, took their seats in the car of the balloon, and
everything being ready for the ascent, the word was given,
and in the course of a minute the ponderous machine, which
is entirely new, was released from the ropes, and took her
departure for " the regions above," amidst the cheers of the
spectators, Mr. Gypson discharging a posse of fireworks
from the car as they ascended. The balloon took a south-
easterly direction, and soon became lost in the clouds.—
Herald of Tuesday.

FLIGHT OF FALCOICS.—Their command of the air is truly
wonderful. A few strokes of their powerful wings will send
them up till they are hardly visible, or bring them from the top
of their flight to within a short distance of the ground. At
times they will ride motionless, as if they were anchored in
the sky ; and anon, with scarcely any perceptible motion of
the wings, they will shoot, with the rapidity of a meteor and
the certainty of an arrow—ay, more certainly, and, at a
further range, than ever shaft that human archer set on the
string. The collision of their pounce is terribly effective.
If the falcon misses, we need not wonder that the quarry es-
capes before it can again rally ; and if the falcon comes upon
the bayonet charge of the quarry, as is sometimes the case
when it stoops at the heron, we need not wonder that it is
transfixed. The ballistic pendulum used in experimental
gunnery, though suspended on hinges, gives way to the can-
non shot, what then shall we say of the stroke of the falcon,
which breaks bones flying away in the air, and defended by
feathers ! The keen point of the claw—of that terrible claw
on the hinder toe, which concentrates the whole momentum
of the bird, and always strikes perpendicularly and penetrates
—is the main instrument of the effect.—Mudie's British
Birds.

UNIVERSALITY OF SMOKING.=-It is astonishing the pas-
sion of Spaniards for smoking. Rank or age causes no
difference in this respect. The noble always carries his
cigar-case, a silver tube of yesca, or German tinder, and the
necessary apparatus for striking a light ; the peasant—nay,
even the beggar—has his flint and scrap of yesca, with which,
and the aid of his navaja, he may light the fragments of some
cigar he has begged, or picked up in the street, and which,
chopped tine and carefully wrapped in a piece of paper, may
lead him to forget for a while the more natural cravings of
hunger. Boys, too, of the tenderest age, must have their
cigarillos; and some ladies are said to indulge in the same
luxury, though I cannot say I ever witnessed this profanation
of female lips. But I have seen the weed wrapped in the leaf
of maize in tiny rolls scarcely thicker than a bodkin, pro-
fessedly made for this unholy purpose. No present is so ac-
ceptable to a Spaniard as some choice Habanas ; nothing
conciliates his goodwill like the offer of a cigar. Is he in a
towering passion, foaming with rage ? a cigar produces a
magical effect ; calms him down, like oil upon the waters ;
changes the lion into a lamb. Does he threaten you with
violence or robbery ? the cigar, presented at this critical
moment, will at least insure civil treatment. On this ac-
count it is always advisable for the traveller in Spain, even
though no smoker, to provide himself with a stock of cigars
wherewith to propitiate the favour of all men. "El cigarro
es alcahuqe--the cigar is a procurer," says the proverb. It
is the medium of introduction to any person, or to any house.
If you wish to smoke, it is almost a sacred duty to supply
you with a light; you may knock at any door, and the bows
and compliments for the civilities rendered can be made the
prelude to further acquaintance. The cigar levels for a time
all distinctions. The noble could not refuse to take the cigar
from his mouth to assist the unbelighted peasant, who would
not scruple to demand this common act of courtesy. Time,
indeed, would fail to tell of the wonders to be wrought by a
simple roll of tobacco-leaf. Rarely have I met with a
Spaniard who did not smoke, and never with one who used
a pipe of any description.. The desire of all classes, indeed,
seems to be to smoke with as much delicacy as possible ; few
there are who do not cut up their cigars into cigarillos. The
higher classes do not often smoke within doors, but the mid-
dle and lower smoke at every hour and in every place. In
their hands before, after, and even during meals ; at home,
in business, on the prado, in the public room or conveyance,
and sometimes even in the theatre is the cigar to be seen ;
nay, I remember in a public office at Seville, a smoulderingrope's end tied to a column, that the clerks might have at
hand wherewithal to light their cigars. A Spaniard and his
cigar are inseparable.—A Summer in Andalusia.

Total since the commencement.... 27,822
Dr. Edwards and Mr. Neill, Surgeons.
Mr. Hutchinson, Treasurer.

VESSELS ENTERED FOR LOADING.

WEST INDIES AND MADEIRA.

(SINCE OUR LAST PUBLICATION.)

Traveller, (146) Ii W Cothay, from the City of St. Domingo, 558
logs mahogany, 36 pces satin wood, order-127 logs mahogany,
about 50 tons lignumvitm, about 13 tons logwood, Humble and Mil-
crert-1 hf brl honey, 1 box tortoise shell, G Duncan-1 box con-
tents unknown, J Hudson-3 boxes preserves, L Benoit-1 box
bird skins, 1 stuffed alligator, the master-2 pees mahogany, for
exportation—Q D

WEST INDIES AND MADEIRA.

Martha, S Martin,
Philomela, 3 Sprott,
Mary, T Rosewall,

248 Barbadoes, T Lee & Co
237 Cape de Verds, .1 N Wood &Co
137 Honduras, M'Nair & Co
SOUTH AMERICA.
133 Brazils,

Gertrude, A Whyte,

C Cotesworth
C Cotesworth
W & J Tyrer

_ . .
Tiber, J Lamb, 177 Rio Janeiro,
Bride, J Carmichael, 186 Vera Cruz,
UNITED STATES'.
St. Cloud, E Colburn, jun. 475 Boston, Focke & Boult
Hindoo, J Henry, 604 Boston, Baring Brothers &Co
Nimrod, F Chadbourne, 283 New York, Galt & Bar./
St. Leon, J Wescott, 547 New York, W Quayk.,
Hector, Post, 560 New York, Hughes, Cowie & Co
Liverpool, (steamer) R J Fayrer, 1150 New York, J Polloc:c
Star, S E Glover, 630 New York, Focke & Boult
Columbia, TB Clark, 600 Philadelphia, Ingleby & Co

BRITISH AMERICA.
Victoria, M'Minn, 152 Halifax, N.S, and St. Andrew, N.B.
Prompt, J Payne, 398 Montreal, K Dowie & Co
Washington, D M'Lay, 800 Quebec, Glen and Anderson
EUROPE.
216 Bourdeaux, T&J Brocklebank
329 Elsinore and Uleaborg,
GA Lilly & Co
Madonna del Laura, C Cafiero, 140 Genoa, Haskayne & Co
Allersma, R Vos, 150 Harlingen, Bahr, Behrend & Co
Les Deux Freres, P Barbey, 80 Havre and Rouen, Bahr &Co
Mischief, J Jones, Ig6 Lisbon, Vianna & Jones
Martha, P Martin, 106 Marseilles and Rio Grande, F K Grohte
Zante, K Johnson, 194 Malta, Corfu and Zante, E Rae
Princess Victoria, J Ellis, 129 Naples, J Moss & Co
Providence, G Reichenberg, 301 Narva, Bahr, Behrend &Co
Auguste, P Vander Kerckhove, 212 Ostend, C G Weber & Co
Perseverance, J Mannot, 120 Ostend, Bruges aid Ghent,

Andes, D Brocklesank,
Zakrewsky, A Mathlni,

BIRTHS. _,, of Api
On the 18th ult. in Paris, the Lady BRABAZOi"it.S.di ,d
heir ; and on the 22d ult. in Chester, the lady 1,"
BURTON, Esq. of Arley Hall, Cheshire, and sis,_"'„'l, dr' ,4o'
zon, also of a son and heir ; the lovely and atma"
Sir Richard Brooke, of Norton Priory, Baronet. of the
On the 4th instant, the wife cf Mr. QUIGI.EI'.',d.
Arms, Tranmere, of a son, being her sixteenth Chu

Union, A Vander Heyde, 151
Angusta Carolina, M Dinse, 150
Johanna, H de Jonge, 137
Lady Bassett, J Carthew, 132
Augusta, D Holty, 174

Bahr, Behrend & Co
Ostend, Bahr, Behrend & Co
Pillau, Bahr. Behrend & Co
Riga, Bahr, Behrend & Co
Smyrna, J Glynn & Son
Windaw, Bahr, Behrend &Co

TELEGRAPH OFFICE, JuNE 6, 1839.

Wind at•Hoiyhead S.W. moderate breeze fit the morning and at
noon : S.S.W. in the evening.
Off Holyhead, inward bound, at p a.m.
No. 1598, Adelaide, B.Bk. from Savannah.
958, Frances Ann, 8.8. from Calcutta, at 10 a.m.
1924, Kingston, B.S. from Laguna.
1199, Splendid, A.S. from Mobile, at 12 at noon.
817, Sandbach, B.S. from Demerara, at 1 p.m.
1827, Winwick, B.Bk. from Gibraltar, at 2 30 p.m.
440, Great Britain, A.S. from New York. at 3 p.m.
332, Rocket, 8.8. from Africa, at 4 30 p.m.
576, Europe, A.S. from New York, at 5 30 p.m.
1891, Fairfield, B.Bk. from Savannah, at 6 p,rn.
Off Point Lynas, inward bound, at 8 a.m.
1263, Areth►:sa, B.Sc. from Bristol.
958, Frances Ann, 8.8. at 1 p,m.
1924, Kingston, B.S.
1199, Splendid, at 3 p.m.
817, Sandbach, at 3 30 p.m.
936, Napier, A.S. from Philadelphia.
Off Holyhead, outward bound, at 7 30 p.m. No. 1552, Cumberland,
B.Bk.

MARRIED. Of, 111,
On the 18th ult. at Bath, CHARLES, seconE,„s'oE,'„,
KAY, Esq. of the Grove, Toxteth-park, to MAR-1`0.11%001'
daughter of the late JOHN LOW DER, Esq, of Or, ,rt ,r,"„ ,
On the Ist instant, at St. Margaret's, ViestinTh-e'3o"
HINDLEY, Esq. M.P. to ANN, only daughter of ""
FORT, Esq. of Read-hall, in this county. JAIVt
On the 2d instant, at St. Anthony's Chapel, 1,r0911 )1,
joiner, to ANN, widow of the late Mr. THOMAS
the Beehive, 13evington-road. Seel'sOCS:
On the 4th instant, at St. Peter's Chapel, p•
Dtt.AL
ROBERTS to Mrs. JONES, St. Anne-street. 0,
gT
Same day,, at St. Mary's, Birkenhead, Mr. AL rt,o)3m
of Tranmcre, to MARY, eldest daughter of 1S1r•
COCK, of Birkenhead. 4504
Same day, at St. James's Church. JOSEPe., „co' *A.
ELIZABETH, daughter of the Rev.' ~
JOHN rev,
of St. James's. ooe, e
of
'
Yesterday, at Childwall Church, by the Rev.-1-15,•,,13 sen
Colmere, Hants, ARTHUR YATES WILLIAMS, ,R. 04.
Williams, to ANNE, daughter of JOHN BOlJiti'—'
Vale.
Yesterday, at St. Luke's Church, in this towiLgov.:;', (10'
B. Bertles, of Oake Rectory, Somerset, JOHN ewes' a,
of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, to MARGARET SOPlllitzero
of the late H. DEVENOGE, Esq. of :gorges, in svl-

Off Hilbre Island, bound to Chester,
1652, Adelaide, 8.8. at y 30 a.m.
Off Great Ormshead, at at 6 p.m. the Sandbach.
Off ditto, at 0 p.►n. No. 440, Great Britain, A.S.

LATEST DATES AT LIVERPOOL.

DIED. 105 naiff
AtWhitwell, Hants, aged 104, Mr. EDMOND,' „ 0.4;
was quite gray, had lately changed to nearly Wile"' OP
SU -901
At Stowford, near Ivybridge, aged g 6, Mrs.
She died in the arms of her elder sister, who, at lil:toge;,;
able to attend the funeral, three miles from the '7;001' ,
which she walked. The survivor's eldest daughter, { }4,l'4j.
mother, was also present. roiclfts
At Caldstock, Devon, aged gl, THOMASI.N,, eiebisTZ'
BOWHAY. She had twenty-one children, and ',e-,004
children and great-grandchildren. She enjoyed
the use of all her faculties to the last, and, only
rode a single horse to Dartmoor and hack, twenty- P' „O. s'
day. NlOvi
Lately, at Drogheda, aged 108, the Rev. THOMAA'op
On the Ist ult. aged 34, JOHN ANDREW, seend" '1.11"
ANDREW 11I'DOUALL, Esq. Logan, KirkinaidelbeFia;ll/,
stances under which he met his death are truly (111't,rtree1'4jyts11,
a friend were cantering pretty sharply through the • „re, .
in order to overtake Mrs. al`Donall and a party
when, in endeavouring to avoid a woman who rairiica
in front of them, he came in contact with be an ap,Vl'
horse, and pitched him on his head. Ile was l•en'd al '
in which state he remained until his death, a Per"- 001,(1;0;
hours.
On the 17th ult, at his town residence, Ileriot-.' prodaged 81, the Rev. ARCIIIBALD ALISN,
Sarum, Rector of Rodington, Vicar of High -`llista„"de'' 4
Clergyman of St. Paul's Chapel, Cambridge. Mr* stelw
ably known, In the literary world, by his Essay on igab
of sermons. Ce°,lo4l4'
On the lath ult, at his residence, Queen-stree'soides‘," st.
JOHN LECKY, Esq. Mr. L. was, we heiieve, the„,.tedly"
in Cork, with the trade of which he has teen corm'' 4.- 4
of flay years. d, Vii°" 011
On the Igth ult. at the Vicarage-house, Whitler ,49 ;,
the Rev. EDWARD ROBERTS, Vicar of Whitfotli.eo, ak7-
On the 20th ult. at Aitketmuir, parish of Ball° ,1..41
A1t36,1," •
DAVID GRIERSON. .;
Same day, Count MUNSTER. Ills Mike, as Her ' O,S•
devolves upon his son, who is still in his miner, Y. 1.1-1 ,
Hanover will, thererore, have to appoint a substil o,o'
On the 21st ult. at Nunnery, Somerset, aged
,„1;as• gril 4i
TURNER, he his left ..elO,OOO for charitable Perl,,7)oS' li'
On the 21st ult. aged 53, HANNAH, wife of N". co'
ti
ADSIIEAD, Runcorn. joarail
Saint day, at Plashelyg, •Llanrwst, of a rapid c° 00140
20, Mr, ROBERT REM), late of this town. ~,,ess
On the 23rd ultimo, at Borrisakane, after an Aar
FLORENCE EGAN, Esq. formerly of her alajest,,,t,
of Foot, and several years landing-waiter at this P'_",,te
On the 2:M ult. aged 21, AGNES, daughter a the - 00
near -
RICHARDSON, tailor, Porter-street. citorr, r ,
Same
Collie. day, aged 82, Mrs. MARTHA BAN
stag .4 0
, ~•„4,-
Same day, at Lavister, Dentighshire, age('
widow of the late Mr. THOMAS OIVEN, farlde;' •Avpr
formerly of Brimstage-hall, near Parkgate. rO4l. P'` •
On the 31st uit. near Bootle, Mrs. SUSAN ''
60, relict of the late Charles Bentow Whitehead, ..:01%0Ak
formerly of this poOe'iste"}
Same day, ELIZA, the wife of Captain JOll- „01
of Springfield, near Whitehaven, and daughter 0" via'
BROWNE, Esq. of Tallantire-liall, Cumberland. MARY ~fa 44.
Same day, at her son's. Russell-street. aged 811'
the late Mr. THOMAS JONES, of Holywell. 01
Same day, at the house cf her mother, Lady PIN!, 15,i' lei,
weIIs,.ELIZABETH ANN, wife of JOHN ;0011; 40. a.
Bradwall-hall, Cheshire, and was the only sal- • s
PP. )1
the late Sir Henry Dampier, Bart. r Idr• ie'
On the ad instant, Mrs. SUTTON, wife of „ir,J,-
bookbinder, and youngest daughter of the late
ironfounder and soap boiler, of this town. ETOSliref'
Same day, the infant daughter cf It. W. Ar'"atcbies
_Same day, aged 24, Mr. JOHN JONES, w
bars
al IN
On the spth instant, after a long illness, afr. AnA
_4.,-
years driver of the Aurora London Coach.
ev....nrinaceriampw,ruvasuront-...

INDIRECT.

DIRECT,

March3l

LIVERPOOL: la,lo
FRIDAY, JUNE
PRINTED AND pußLiSti.. -,
EVERY- TUESDAY AND FRIDA
EY
JOSHUA FLETCHER LACE of 68. Mount Flettnesct, "1;10,
LEONARD ADDISON, of 14, Great Orford"' 1,10 400.,
At No. 4, NORTH CRESCHNT: CASTLR-ST3gWr:.4. 1<te,70.17-104)
Orders and Advertisements are received by Nl„,cs:-,o1),...01.151:
Co., Warwick-suare Barker Fleet-street ;
Reynell,
Chancery-lase; Lawson and ark er, 310:,,ftit,
Joseph Thomas, 1, Finch-lane, Co:1111W; MuudT.lt, klesei;
Lombard-street ; Mitchell, t 4, Red Lion-cot! ce olpe
Clarke and Lewis, 4, Crown-court, Irlitc4.fltou'cr'er /44
Garray.- ay's ; at the London Commercial C0ft,,,1-' cpar.6-
lane ; at the Jerusalem Coffee-house, corniaLl;„„eri., er'oo,
house, Paternoster-row; North an Scut-111440 ip.tislle,
house, Threadneedle-street; and Messrs. Jo toc•c•oo,,,
Maitre, and Co., Sise-lane, London; by Mcsgl'o•
Co., at their Newspaper and Advertiscra
Quay, Dublin ; Mr. •M`Plum, Glasgow • Mr. Wbgaucl,:.,-fri'lioo°
street, and Mr. C. H. Lewis, Market-strcet,dere, t
ent ge:o'er, se:.,:ti4e; el"
3'
Haddock, and Messrs. J. and W. Booth. 8000,6000*, j 31t,
Mr. Clarke, Pilot-offiee, Preston; and CfC
street, Birmingham. 11
Terms of Subscription for this naper3s' ;
I- '1 e
)
one year, 6s. ; half-year, rear,
11 s. 6d.—lf paid in advance--on
half-year, £1 ls ; quarter, 10s. 6d.

From Rio Jan ... April S
Maranham
N. Orleans .. May 10
Mobile May 11
Savannah May 12
Charleston May 14
New York ' May 1$
