THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

'Mit Libel-pool *..tanbarb.

FRIDAY sifORNING, JANUARY 19, 1838.

ti;Zr. Tb• Publication of the STANDARD commenced this morn-

ing at 5 o'clock.

. MEETING OF PARLIAMENT.—DEBATE ON THE AFFAIRS
OF CANADA.—Considerable anxiety has been recently
felt and expressed as to the course which the govern-
ment of the country, as well as the leading parties in
the House of Commons, might take in reference to the
revolt in Canada. The meeting of parliament on Tues-
day has, therefore, attracted universal attention, and the
interesting debate which arose on the affairs of Canada
has been the subject of general remark.
In the House of. Lords, as might have been anticipated
from the high constitutional tone of feeling predominant
among its members, the supremacy of the Queen's au-
thority over the disaffected insurgents of Canada was
strongly asserted. The Duke of Wellington, with that
characteristic manliness and straightforward honesty of
expression for which he is so distinguished, accused the
government of a dereliction of duty in not introducing
the subject to the notice of thehouse by a message from
the Crown, and hoped that the ministers would " speak
out" upon this important occasion, and evince their fixed
determination to suppress the insurrectionary movements
of the Papineau faction as speedily as possible. He very
properly suggested that a great country like England
" could have no such thing as a little war," and that the
armament destined for the Canadian service should be
on such a scale as to ensure the immediate extinction of
the rebellion. These sentiments called forth from the
Prime Minister and the Colonial Secretary a declaration
of their determination to support the authority of the
Crown, and the dignity and station of the country, by
making such preparations as should put an end to the
present state of things, and bring the affair to a speedy
conclusion.

This is so far satisfactory. If the government are
sincere in making these apparently explicit declarations,
we have every reasonable grounds for anticipating that
a speedy stop may be put to the further effusion of blood
and destruction of property in our Canadian colonies.
But why was not such a tone adopted long since ? Why
did not ministers take such decisive steps during the past
period of their administration as would have effectually
prevented the rebellion from breaking out ? It appears,
from the documentary evidence that has been supplied to
the houses of parliament, that they were fully forewarned
of the traitorous intentions of Papineau and his fellow-
conspirators; and yet they neglected taking such pre-
cautions as would have precluded the possibility of a
successful revolt. In the dispatch of Lord Gosford, dated
6th November, 1837, he states that " the grievances
which were at first put forward by the leaders of this
party, would seem to be mere pretexts to clothe DEEPER
AND DARKER DESIGNS. The mask has been thrown
aside, and the people are excited to disaffection and re-
bellion by the most artful and unfounded misrepresenta-
tions ; and even if all the demands of the Assembly
were fully and immediately granted, they would, I begin
to think, be insufficient to satisfy the views of those
whose EVIDENT AIM is not to reform, but to DESTROY THE
ESTABLISHED GOVERNMENT AND THE BRITISH CON-
NEXION."

All this must have been well known long before the
unsuspecting Gosford " began to think" on the subject
of the designs of the conspirators. Ministers must have
known that concession after concession had only pro-
voked fresh and more unreasonable demands. They
must have known that, as in the case of Ireland, the re•
moval of every grievance complained of had only suc-
ceeded in creating a thousand fresh ones, and in aug-
menting the agitation and violence of the revolutionary
demagogues. We are, therefore, justified in charging
upon the ministry all the atrocities of the civil war which
is at present raging in Canada. They are the responsi-
ble parties for the destruction of property, the interrup-
tion of trade, and the threatened disruption of the Bri-
tish empire, which have been the necessary consequences
of their infatuated, temporizing policy. Had that vi-
gour been manifested by the executive, which ought to
have been prompted by the dangers which were evi-
dently impending, these 'lamentable consequences might
have been avoided. The irresolution or direct conniv-
ance of government, and not the alleged grievances of
the Canadians, was the real source of Papineau's
power.

The debate in the House of Commons was commenced
by the introduction of Lord John Russell's motion for
an address to her Majesty, deprecating and lamenting
the revolt which had taken place in Lower Canada, and
assuring the Crown of the cot dial suppot t of the Com-
mons in suppressing the rebellion, and punishing its
authors ; and for the introduction of a bill to suspend
the meeting of the Assembly until certain measures for
the future government of the colony should be brought

to maturity. He entered into a lengthened statement
of the causes which had led to the insurrection. He
strongly maintained the necessity of preserving invio-
late the connexion between the colony and the mother
country. He then proceeded to detail ihe plans which
ministers intended to adopt as their guides for the fu-
ture. He proposed that, during the abeyance of the As-
sembly, the legiSlative power should be exclusively
vested in a Governor and Council. The earlier adop-
tion of such a plan might have averted the serious con-
sequences which have been already experienced, espe-
cially if the Imperial Parliament or the Queen in Coun-
cil had the power to interpose a veto to the adoption of
the laws which might have been passed by such a Colo-
nial Council. It appears from what Lord John Russell
has intimated that the Governor and his Council are to
have the initiative in every act of legislation. To this
we conceive there will be very decided objections. Un-
der such an arrangement, neither the government at
home, nor the Imperial Parliament, will have any direct
influence over the administration of affairs in the colony,
further than by giving a negative to the propositions
which may originate with the Governor and his Council.
We are afraid that this will have a tendency to prolong
the differences which have already so long existed. Why
not pass such laws as are requisite for the government
of the colons', in the first instance, in the British Parli-
ament, and leave the Colonial Council to adopt or modify
them according to circumstances, as in the case of the
slavery abolition question, reserving to the Queen in
Council the right of finally rejecting or ratify ing such
laws ? It appears that the Governor is empowered to
call in the advice of ten representatives from Lower and
ten from Upper Canada.
Such are the outlines of the ministerial scheme for
conducting the machinery of legislation in the Canadas.

We are glad to infer from Loki John Russell's speech
that the Papineau conspiracy is:49%e effectually- quelled.
This cannot be done without visiting the traitors who
have instigated this rebellion against the British Crown
with condign punishment. This is-indispensably neces-
sary, in order that an example may be afforded to 'deter
others from venturing upon a similar course, and to show
that the Queen's authority shall not be despised with im-
punity. If such be not the intention of ministers, we
feel confident that all their attempts at conciliation will
be perfectly futile, and unproductive of any good result.
Iu the course of the debate which arose from the ex-
position of the plans of government in reference to Ca-
nada, those miserable theorists, Messrs. Hume and
Grote, embraced another opportunity of broaching their
chimerical views of colonial legislation. Their senti-
ments, however, met with but a cool reception from the
house. They still had the audacity to declare that the
" sober, steady, and reflecting people of England" were
on their side, and on the side of the traitorous, Popish,
and anti-British faction, by whom the flame of civil war
has been kindled in the Canadas. If such an assertion
is true, how comes it to piss that Hume, Leader, Grote,
Molesworth, and Co. liaveSo signally failed in their re-
cent attempts to excite the popular sympathy in favour
of the rebels. How comes it to pass also that nine-
tenths of the public press are opposed to them, and de-
cry their mischievous agitation ?
The encomiums bestowed by Mr. Hume and Mr.
Grote upon the colonial administration of Sir George
Murray and the Earl of Aberdeen drew forth from Sir
Robert Peel some very caustic remarks on the infatuated
policy pursued by the radicals in depriving the coun-
try of the benefit of the eminent services of the very
men whom they are now disposed to consider the best
friends of the Canadians.

'We have elsewhere given at 'is great length as our
space will permit the masterly and elaborate speech of
Sir Robert Peel. This distinguished statesman has
given fresh proofs of his capacity fur wielding the des-
tines of Great Britain and its dependencies. On no
occasion do we remember having • met with a more tri-
umphant refutation of the flimsy and shallow doctrines
of the philosophical theorists,. nicknamed " reformers,"
on the subject of the relative obligations of the mother
Icountry and the colonies. It has often been remarked,
that the abilities of Sir Robert •Peel are always found to
rise more and more consPi'cu'Onsly into notice'under
every fresh emergency. His speech on Tuesday even-
ing affords an additional confirmation of the truth of this
observation. We feel confident that it will produce a
powerful impression throughout the count-y, and add
fresh ignominy to the character of the unprincipled mi-
nistry, who conspired with the enemies of England to
deprive the country of the services of this most distin-
guished statesman of modern times. Soon may he be
restored to that post for which his consummate talents
so eminently qualify him.

Since the above remarks were penned, we have per-
used a portion of the debate which took place in the
House of Commons, on Wednesday evening. We are
sorry to find that Lord Durham is to go out as governor
of our North American colonies, with plenary powers to
grant a general amnesty to the rebels in Canada. So,
then, after all the flourishes of Lord Melbourne and the
silly vapourings of Lord John Russell, the " base traitors,"
against whom our ministers have declaimed with so
much virtuous indignation, are to escape with impunity.
Such a course of proceeding will do no good whatever.
To extend pardon to Papineau and his fellow conspi-'
rotors, especially an unconditional pardon, would be an
absolute abuse of mercy. The proper exercise of this
God-like (-polity would be to expatriate the traitors.
This would be an act of mercy to the pour deluded
wretches whom the arch conspirators have plunged into
all the horrors of war.

In addition to the preceding consideration, we would
further urge that the granting of a general amnesty to
the rebels in Canada will operate most mischievously as
a precedent for other colonies, as well as for England
itself. How much more mischievously must it operate
in reference to Ireland ? It will be tantamount to offer-
ing a premium upon rebellion. O'Connell and his
seditious associates may now stimulate the disaffected
papist's of the sister island into open revolt, and calculate
upon the tender mercies of. an English government for
the favour of extending a general amnesty. Nay, they
may even take up arms themselves and attack the
Queen's troops, and assert the independence of Ireland,
and yet expect to escape the consequences of their re-
bellion. If Papineau and the'other traitors in Canada
e::cape punishment, why may.inot Joseph Hume and the
other radical demagogues calcnlaCenpon similar leniency,
if they should venture to 'make a like experiment
upon the loyalty of the people of England ?
Lord Durham's mission will prove a failure, as Lord
Gosford's did, if he should act up to the spirit of his in-
structions. Nothing but the utmost firmness and energy
will now suffice to put down the rebellion. Energy
does not imply tyranny; nor does the most uncompro-
mising firmness imply any'degree of oppression. We
do not advocate the practice of harshness or cruelty ; we
merely recommend a firm and unflinching resolution to
maintain the supremacy of the Queen user her colonial
territories and subjects. This object cannot be attained
until we have a change of ministry.

THE LIVERPOOL. TELEGRAM—The editor of this
contemptible print, which has not the good fortune of
being the acknowledged organ of any political party in
the town, has thought in to question the propriety of our
remarks on the recent hole•and corner meeting of
Tradesmen's Reform Association. The logic by which
the Telegraph seeks to establish the position, that the
above meeting was a public one, is of the most extraor.
dinary character. We should not have thought it worth
our while to notice the
.subject any farther, but for the
sake of exhibiting the curiosity to which we have alluded.
The Telegraph remarks " that the mewling in question
was called fur the purpose of petitioning the legislature
in favour of two great national questions—Vote by
Ballot and the Extension of the Starage—and a local
question of hardly less importance—the introduction
into Liverpool of Sir John Cam HUbiltillSe'S Vestry Act.
The objects sought to be obtained are public objects—
aud the utmost publicity was given to the meeting by
placards and otherwise r ergo the Telegraph concludes,
this could not have been termed a sect et meeting, or "a
hule-and-corner meeting." Thus the specific object of

JANUARY IQ, IS3B

any meeting of a political club, though none but mem-
bers are achnitted, must be allowed to convert that meet-
ing into a public one! Tnis is a specimen of Telegraph
reasoning. The next remark proves the exclusive cha-
racter of the meeting at the Music Hall, even upon the
chewing of the Telegraph itself. The stupid writer
proceeds to acknowledge that " the meeting was corn,
posed of the members of the Association, all of whom
are favourable to the objects stated ; and persons not
members of the Association were excluded." And yet
the ignorant scribbler pertinaciously maintains that this
was a public meeting ! " Verily this radical scrub
labours with wonderful success to bring his own friends
into contempt." As to the petitions which have ema-
nated from this hole and corner meeting on the subjects
of Vote by Ballot, Universal Suffrage, &c., we feel con-
fident that a knowledge of their origin will prevent every
man who has a spark of self respect, from appending his
signature to either of them. The reaction on the Canada
question has almost proved the death-blow of the trai-
terous faction, which has its head-quarters in Clayton
Square. The diminished numbers of the Reform Asso-
ciation, afford ample proof of the growing unpopularity
of the principles which are advocated by the leafling men
among the liberal party in Liverpool.

LORD ELDON.—We have this day to record the death
of this distinguished lawyer and statesman, who so long
occupied a most prominent position in the government
of his country, with honour to himself, and advantage to
the nation. His memory will be long cherished by the
protestant people of Great Britain, as the uncompro-
mising opponent of catholic emancipation, on the passing
of which measure he had predicted all those melancholy
results which recent years have witnessed. We extract
the following tribute to the moral worth and professional
eminence of Lord Eldon from the Morning Herald :
The rise of Lord Eldon from a humble walk of life, and. an
obscure origin to almost the highest office of dignity and power
beneath the throne, was only one of the instances which so fre-
quently occur under our admirably-constructed free constitu-
tion, of talent and integrity reaching the brightest rewords of an
honourable ambition by the force of their own merits. His
brother, the late Lord Stowell, was another exalted instance of
splendid ability, scholarship, and virtue, rewarded with well-
earned distinction. As a civilian, the latter has commanded
the respect and admiration of all Europe—as an equity lawyer,
the former, if ever equalled, has never been excelled. Such
men, rise from what obscurity they may, confer as much lustre
on high station as high station can confer on them. Both have
gone down to the grave full of years and of honours—but the
name of the one will survive the oblivion of the tomb while
Europe has a code of international law, and that of the other
cannot perish except with the system of equity of which he
established the land marks.

Mortuary honours had been lavished on the memories, sta-
tues have been raised to the fame, of smaller men than these
two distinguished judges, who gave to most important and diffi-
cult branches of the law the benefit of so much knowledge and
ability. In public life, stern and uncompromising politicians—
on the bench as remarkable for suavity of temper and amenity
of manners as some far inferior lawyers, placed in such situa-
tions, have been for the opposite qualities of petulance and ill-
nature, Lords Stowell and Eldon displayed, under all circum-
stances, the singleness and simplicity of true genius. Can the
bar neglect to do adequate honour to their memories without ex-
posing itself to the reproach of being so absorbed to the drudgery
of sordid gain as to he indifferent to examples of the highast
moral and intellectual worth, connected with professional emi-
nence ? In any other country the funeral orations pronounced
over the graves of such men would be followed by such tributes
of public respect to their talents and virtues as would testify the
admiration inspired by men who, having run such a race, had
touched their goal of glory.
The best memorial of Lord Eldon is undoubtedly to be found
in the reports of the judgments which he pronounced durin4
the more than quarter of a century in which he occupied the
office of lord high chancellor of England. Those judgments,
displaying an intellect equally acute and vigorous, profound
and lucid, constitute a monument to his fame aere perenniu,.
Equity, treated as a science, was never so capaciously grasped,
and so luminously expounded. Still it ought not to be left to
history, at a distant day, to sculpture its trophies, or inscribe its
praise upon the urns of great men, which contemporary evidence
shall have neglected. Of John Earl of Eldon, whatever else
may be said, this must be a portion of his epitaph, that he 'ea'
the greatest equity lawer his country has produced, and one Of
the most consistent of England's politicians.
ll,efoleloawrnisngsosukrectecl?..2f his public
fromthe ,
This venerable nobleman was born on the 4th of Jilnei*
at Newcastie•upoo-Ty ne. His father, Mr. S,:ott, wes
a coal-
fitter in that town, and, it is said, had originally been a doines-
tic in a nobleman's family. John, the subject of this sketch:
was educated with his elder brother, William, afterwards Lora
Stowell, at the grammar school at Newcastle, and both being
fortunate enough to obtain exhibitions, were sent to Oxford.
where they inaiutained themselves chiefly by their own exer-
tions. John was entered at the Temple, Hilary Term, 1772 e
And, having kept 16 terms, was called to the bar in 1776. From
the commencement of his legal studies, Mr. Scott was pre-emi-
nently distinguished fur his indefatigable assiduity. He never
devoted to relaxation a moment more than, was absolutely ne-
cessary to health ; and he resolutely resisted all the temptations
of society. Even the attractions held forth by the conversation
of the great literary leviathan of the day, Dr. Johnson, was in-
sufficient to entice the laborious young lawyer from the solitudes
of his chambers, and the severe course of study he had chalked
out for himself. It is for this reason we find no mention of John
Scott in the work of that indefatigable chronicler Boswell, who
has given William Lord Stowell a conspicuous place in his in-
teresting records.

Mr. John Scott devoted his attention principally to the court*
of equity, but in those days it was the custom for chancery
barristers to attend the assizes; and was a member of the north-
ern circuit. It was at Newcastle that he became acquainted
with Miss Eliz. Surtees, the daughter of a mercantile gentle-
man of that town, and the young lawyer laid siege to the heart
of the lady. The match, however, was opposed by the Suttees
family, in consequence of the poverty and humble origin of the
bold aspirant. Gretna was invitingly near, and thither the
young couple eloped. The father proved implacable and re-
fused forgiveness; but, years afterwards, when honours, riches,
and rank showered profusely upon the fortunate adventurer,
overtures for a reconciliation were made by Mr. Surtees and hie
family. But the great Lord Eldon turned the cold shoulder
towards those who had treated the poor and unfriended barrister
with contempt, and whose motives in seeking a renewal of
intercourse were too glaring for charity herself to misinterpret.
It is a fact worth remarking that, in his office of chancellor,
Lord Eldon affixed the seal to a commission of bankruptcy
against Aubone Surtees, the father of his wife.

For the first few years of his career Mr. Scott confined him-
self to the business of an equity draftsman, shunning with an
almost invincible timidity appearing as an advocate. He soon
acquired an extensive chamber practice, but his health, which
was delicate, suffering from the confinement incident to that
labourous branch of the profession, he was compelled to accept
briefs to appear in the court of chancery ; and his success in
this latter department was even more signal than in the former.
Ile was remarkable for the clearness and precision of his style,
for the logical chain of his reasoning, and a must extensive
knowledge of cases. Lord Chancellor Thurlow was so im-
pressed by Mr. Scott's pleading, that one day, on breaking up
the court, he invited the barrister into his private room, and
offered him a vacant mastership, which, however, Mr. Scott
very wisely declined. A mastership in chancery is an office
shunned as the grave of legal ambition, by all men of talent
who aspire to the high honours of their profession; for very
seldom it is that prefer►nent follows the acceptance of such an
office, and Mr. Scott's subsequent career certainly left him nu
cause to regret having declined Lord Thurlow's offer. In 1783,
Mr. Scott obtained his patent of precedency, and in 1788, he
was made solicitor-general and knighted. It is said that he ex-
pressed to George the Third a modest desire to decline the latter
honour, but the King exciaiined, " Pooh, pooh, nonsense,
man," and gave him the accolade, nolens **lens. In 1793, Sir
John Scott was made attorney-general; and in the memorable
prosecutions against Hardy, Horne Tooke, Holcroft, &c., his
speech in 1.-la►dy's case may be referred to as a fair. specimen of
forensic oratory. It occupied nine hourse in delivery.
Soon after obtaining his patent of Precedency in 1783, Mr.
Scott was introduced into parliament for Lord Weymouth's
borough of Weolby, in Herefordshire (disfranchised by the
Reform Act.) Ile first distinguished himself in the debate on
Mr. Fox's India Bill, when' he " fleshed his maiden sword"
in a contest with the great Whig champion himself. Mr. Scott
had stipulated on standing for Wehbly to vote according to his
conscience : he sided with Mr. Pitt, and com►nenced the advo-
cacy of those principles which he continued to hold up to the
last hour of his life. Mr. Scott drew the East India Declaratory
Bill, and that service is said to bane gained for him the solicitor-
generalship.
Like many other eminent lawyers Scott failed in making a
vivid impression on the house as a debater. His style was too
cold, precise, and strictly forensic. Pitt himself whilst he derived
the utmost benefit from Scott's consummate legal talents and
knowledge, did not consider him an efficient defender in debate
of the measures of government, and, on one occasion particularly,
he evinced such to be his opinion by ris►ng immediately after
the attorney-general to speak to the same question—a breach of
etiquette which was in effect saying, that all the crown lawyer's
speech went for nothing-
During the attorney-generalship of Sir John Scott, there
were inure than double the number of prosecutions for libel

JANUARY 19. IS' R.

than in the time of any two of his predecessors. ludeed, in
the year 1795, during the debate on the Treasonable Practices
Bill, he himself observed that "there had been more prosecu-
tions for libel within the last two years than in any 20 years be-
fore."

On the 18th of June, 1799, Sir John Scott was elevated to
the peerage by the title of Baron Elon, and at the same time
appointed chief justice of the Court of Commons Pleas. His
first speech of any length in the House of Peers was on Lord
Auckland's adultery prevention bill, on which occasion he re-
marked, that "the law as it stood was a farce and a mockery,
and it was impossible to allow it to remain in the shameful state
it stood." On the 14th April, 1801, Lord Eldon took his seat
on the woolsack in place of Lord Loughborough, who was creat-
ed Earl of Rosslyn.
In 1805, Lord Eldon commenced the opposition to the catho-
lic claims, which he continued till 1829, when the relief bill was
passed. In 1806, on the whigs coming fur a short time into
power, Lord Eldon resigned the seals, which were given to Lord
Erskine, but the following year, Lord Eldon, on his party re-
suming office, was reinstated on the woolsack. In 1811, Earl
Grey made a specific thane against Lord Eldon, that he had,
in the year 1804, abused the royal authority by affixing the
great seal to commissions for giving the royal assent to certain
bills, although the King was afflicted with a malady of the same
kind which then (1811) occasioned a suspension of the regal
functions. Upon this Lord King moved, that Lord Eldon be
excluded from the Queen's council in the care of his Alajesty's
person. The motion was lost by a majority of 85, and a protest
against its rejection was entered upon the journals signed by
Lords Grey, Lauderdale, Holland, Erskine, Russtyn, Derby,
Ashburton. and Ponsonby.
During the riots in March, 1815, on account of the corn bill,
Lord Eldon was one of the principal objects of popular ven-
geance. The insurgents attacked his lordship's house in Bed-
ford-square, tore up the area railings and used them as weapons
to effect an entrance The guards at the British Museum were
sent for, but the work of destruction was complete before the
assistance arrived. The chancellor himself had only time to
secure his personal safety.by a hasty retreat through the back
way into the gardens of the Mnseum. Two of the ringleaders
wore taken into custody in-the [rouse.
In the same year Lord Eldon addressed a letter to the Prince
Regent, representing the delicacy of his health, his increasing
infirmities, and requesting permission to retire. At the pressing.
desire, however, of -Isis royal highness, his lordship consented
to remain in office.

In 1820, on the accession of George the Fourth to the throne,
Lord Eldon was created Viscount Encombe, of Encome, in the
eownty of Dorset, and his barony of Eldon was raised to an
earldom. In April, 1827, on the sudden dissolution of Lord
Liverpool's administration, in consequence of the fatal illness
of The premier, and on Mr. Canning being commissioned by
his Majesty to form a new ministry, Lord Eldon, in common
with the other members of the cabinet, resigned, and here ter-
Mithired his long and official career, he having been chancellor
for .26 years, with the short interval only of the 14 months
(1806 and 7) when Lord Erskine held the seals. If we date
from his appointment to the solicitor-generalship, Lord Eldon
held office for 39 years.
In the year 1830, a law scholarship was founded at Oxford
by the subscription of many noble end distinguished persons,
in honour of the Earl of Eldon. A proposal had been submitted
to the public the preceding year, and in May, 1830, a meeting
of the subscribers took place at the Thatched house Tavern,
St. James's, for the purpose of carrying the project into effect.
Seven copies of the proceedings, with the names of the sub
scribers, were beautifully printed on vellum, and bound in
vellum, authenticated by the autograph signatures of the trus-
tees, and disposed of as follows :—one copy to the Earl of El-
don, and one to be deposited in each of the following libraries,
viz. the British Museum, ,the Bodleian, the Inner Temple, the
Middle Temple, Lincoln's Inn, and Gray's Inn.

SKATING.—Since the frost set in, all the sheets of water in
the vicinity have been covered daily with skaters, St. Domingo
Pit, which has long been celebrated in the annals of skating,
seems to hive attractei more than its due share of custom. On
Sunday from an early hour in the morning till dark in the
evening, its surface literally swarmed with sliders and skaters,
whilst its margin was crowded witn spectators ul all ages and
of both sexes. The pool at Traninere has also been the daily
scene of hustle, and the arena of elegant feats of rivalry in the
art of balancing the body in every imaginable skating position.
We have not heard of any accident baying occurred by the
breaking of the ice on any of the pits in the vicinity of thistown.
INSOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT.—The Gazette of Friday night
publishes the following as the times at which Mr. Commissioner
'lle.3,riulds will hold his court at the undermentioned places:—
Lancashire—At Lancaster. Monday, March 19.
Lancashire—At Preston, Thursday, March 29.
, . Cheshire—At Chester and City, Wednesday, April 4.
Vintsbire—At. Mold, Friday, -April 6.
Denbighshire—At lluthin, Saturday, April 7.
.^ •Anglesey—At Beaumaris, Tuesday, April 10.
Carnarvonshire—At Carnarvon, Wednesday, April 11.

TH6 DISTRICT PROVIDENT SOCIETY.—III another column
Will be found au appeal on behalf of this Society, which we
conceive to be one of the most useful of our fiscal institutions
a eharitable• nature. We sincerely trust that this charity
will meet with a greater amount of support from the coffin-
, 'butions of the benevolent than it has hitherto experienced.
The basis upon which it is founded is highly commendable, and
the claims which it has upon public support are of the highest
order. At the present inclement season there is especial need
for that
aid which the society offers to the destitute among the
inhabitants of Liverpool.
DEATH BY BURNING.—On Monday evening last, a melancholy
occurrence took place, which has thrown the family and friends
of Mr. Archer, a respectable flour-dealer, of Edge-hill, into deep
distress. About nine o'clock in the evening, Mrs. Archer went
into the cellar for the purpose of getting some turf; in a few
minutes her screams were heard, and some of the household
flew to her assistance, when they discovered Mrs. Archer on
the ground enveloped in flames. It would appear she bad fallen
over some of the turf with the candle in her hand, by which her
cap took fire, and in a few seconds her whole dress was in a
blaze. She lingered until four o'clock in ade morning, and
expired.
Frtosr.—The long continuance of the frost has frozen
the river Dee for 12 miles above Chester, and the Mersey is now
impassable to Eaitham, large sheets of ice extending trout the
quarantine vessels to the shore. Last night the frost was more
intense that it has ever yet been this winter. The thermometer
stood at 16, and there is every appearance of the frost con-
tinuing.
ST. SIMON'S SUNDAY Scuont..—On Wednesday evening the
teachers and friends of this school held a tea party at the school
room in Lime-street. About '2OO ladies and gentlemen as-
sembled on the occasion. The room was tastefully" decorated
with evergreens, &c.; and several flags, bearing suitable in-
scriptions, were suspended in different parts. The meeting was
subsequently addressed by the Rev. li. S. Joseph, the minister
of St. Simon's Chapel, the Rev. 'l'. Tattershall, the minister of
St. Augustine's, the Rev. Mr. Thomas, Mr. Worrall, Mr.
Jones, &c. We hope that the proceedings of the evening will
tend to excite a lively interest in the benevolent labour of
Sabbath-school teaching.
Bathing, in its various modifications, is universally admitted
to exercise a most powerful influence over the human constitu-
tion. We are happy to direct the attention of the public to an
establishment (Mr. Bird's, of Great George-street) where those
who may be desirous of availing themselves of the sanitary ad-
vantages of warm vapour baths will find their utmost iaishes
gratified. Mr. Bird's establishment, which is quite new, is fitted
up in a syle of elegance and refinement in Mitch taste and com-
fort are equally consulted. The vapour bath, we are given to
understand, is a treat of such a superior description as to present
snore the idea of oriental luxury than anything with which we
have been hitherto acquainted in this country.
'Fox Some suops.—The unusual severity of the weather
having caused a cessation of work, in many branches of labour,
. and great distress having been previously. created in numerous
poor families by a more than ordinary prevalence of typhus fever,
it was urgently recommended by the most active managers of
the different charities for the relief of the pour, that the soup.
shops should be opened without delay; and a meeting was con-
sequently held in the Parish-offices, yesterday, as will apptar
i
from the advertisement, at which t was determined to open the
-soup-shops;• already existing in the north, and to take means
for providing a new one in the south, in place of the one which
was neces_arily discontinued there, in consequence of the land
.nn which it was formerly placed having fallen out of lease.
When it is considered, that no call has been made since De-
-•J ••• cember,,lB3l,• that the fund then raised is not only exhausted,
but that the committee are in debt to their banker; when it is
further considered, how very necessary it is that an additional
soup shop should be provided in the south, it is earnestly hoped,
- that this appeal to public bounty will not be made in vain. We
have pleasure its referring our readers to the list of subscriptions
already received, and shall gladly take charge of any which our
friends may be disposed to pass through our hands.—Courier.
BALL AT TREMADOC.—The bachelors' ball took place at Tre-
tuadoc on Wednesday, the 10th instant, and, according to ex-
pectation, was very fashionably and respectably attended by
most of the nobility of Carnarvonshire and Ang,lesev. The
ball-room was neatly carpeted round near the seats, andva circle
left in the centre for three sets to form quadrilles. The chan-
deliers and other lights were decorated with artificial flowers,
and the orchestra was trimmed with garlands, &c. Dancing
commenced at nine o'clock ; at twelve, a most sumptuous sup-
-per was laid out. The confectionary ornaments, &c. were made
by a person from Dublin, engaged expressly for the occasion.
After supper, the animating dance was renewed, and continued
on till six in the morning, when the party broke up. Mr Phil-
iliptr's exhilarating quadrille band was engaged from Liverpool.
The company seemed delighted with the music, particularly
with Master Phillips's harp playing. The waltzes and quadrilles
were by Mozart, Herz, Weippett, Hari, Strauss, &c.
WaititmoioN BALL. —On Friday evening the annual ball,
for the benefit of the Dispensary amid Infirmary in this town,
was held at the Assembly-room, in the Lion Hotel. The meet-
ing was, as usual, graced by the presence of the families of Lan-
dashire and Cheshire residing in the neighbourhood, with many
strangers. The Lady Patronesses were the Hon. Mrs. Bootle
Wilbraham, Lady Bold Hnghton, Lady Gerard, and Mrs. Ire-
land Blackburne. The company consisted of about` 50 persons
of the first rank and fashion, among, whom were Lord de Tabley,
Lord Lady Francis Gordon, the Hon James Lindsay, the lion.
and Rev. El grace Powys, Lady Grey Egerton, Sir John Gerard,
Mr. Wm. Gerard, Sir Richard Brooke, Mr. Hen. Brooke, Mr.
Arthur Brooke, Mr. and Mrs. Ireland Blackhurne, and two
.Misses. Blackbuyne, Mrs. Legit, of Lvintn, and Miss -Emma
Legh, Mr. and Mrs. Cornwall Legh, High Legit, Mr. Deedes,
the Rev. Henry Leah, Sir Arthur de Capel Brooke, Messrs.
Townttend, Jun-, of AVincham, Mrs. Glegg, of Whit hington, and
the-Misses Gl.gg, Mr, Harvey Aston, Mr. and Mrs. Townley
Parker, of Cuerdon, and Miss Parker, the Rev. Thos. Black-
barite and lady, Mr. and Mrs. Blundell, of Crosby, Mr. and
Mrs. Fielding, Miss Heron, Capt. Heron. Miss Freeman, the
Rev. Wm Fox, Misses Holt, Mr. Leigh, of Booths, Mr. Hughes,
of Sherdley, Mrs. Hughes, and Miss Charlotte Hughes, Mr.
Baukes, of Winstanley, Mrs. Gerard Wahnsley and Miss
Walinsley, the Rev. George Eaton and Miss Eaton, of the Pole,
Mr. and Mrs. Parr, Miss Parr, Mr. and Mrs. Ripley, Mts.
• Orrett, Mr. Jas. Heath Leigh, Mr. and Mrs. Withingtun, Cul-
cheth-hall, with many wheys whom our space does not allow us
to Particularise. The display of beauty excited general admi-
, I'olmi. 'A number of the tidies wore diamonds of the most
atilendUtdescription. .'The quadrille, waltz,-au,cl gallopade were,
kept up till a late hour. and the meeting passed off in the most
.
gratifying manner to all present, and with material benefit to
the charity,
