MR. SCOBLE AND HIS MIS-STATEMENTS.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.
SIR,—In your paper of Friday I am glad to find your pro-
mise to do Mr. Scoble justice, the harangue of that gentle-
man on the conduct and earnings of the emancipated negroes,
was made with the most manifest disregard of that honour
and honesty, which the British West India planters, as a
body, had the most unquestionable moral right to expect and
require from him.
The principles of philanthropy, which, no doubt, he would
refer to as the rule of his conduct in assuming to stand forth
RS public arbiter between the negro and the planter, most
imperatively required, that be should impartially and unre-
servedly have declared the whole truth, and not as with the
morbid imagination and malicious notices of a partizan, la-
bour to give a false bias to the beam on thefukrum of JUS-
TICE, who on a true and unreserved statement of all the facts
and circumstances by and relating to each party, can alone
righteously weigh the question, as it were, in her scales and
show the world which party is found wanting.
Recrimination is not the handmaid of philanthropy, neither
will the advocates of the negro advance his interests by cen-
suring his employers. If the abolitionists be sincere, in the
avowed wish to improve the social and moral condition of
the negro, they should endeavour to beget in him a habit of
industry and to reconcile him to, not set him at enmity with
his master, which latter they are most certainly doing by
their libellous public harangues, in my opinion begetting a
national evil, that even now calls for the prompt interdiction
of government.
Your townsman, Mr. Semple, stood nobly forward to ex-
pose the fallacies and sophistry of Mr. Scoble, for which the
whole body of West India planters are greatly indebted to
Mr. Semple, apathetic as the planters are to all wrongs com-
mitted upon them, surely they must now perceive the neces-
sity of resorting to counter harangues, or rather of giving to
the world in public lectures and in print an unvarnished and
irrefutable statement of all the facts, pro and con, in order
the most effectually to disabuse the mind of the British peo-
ple of the one-sided representations of Mr. Scoble and his
adherents, to confront them, visa vis, and to put these ma-
lignant libellers to the blush,
What are the secretaries of the West India associations in
London, Liverpool, and other places doing, not to challenge
public discussion on the correlative situation and conduct of
the negroes and planters.
Since slavery is totally abolished in all her Majesty's
do-
minions and colonies, is it compatible with the welfare of the
British nation, that any Anti-SlaverySociety/agit
dictators, should be allowed to exist and prowl about
her realms?
loaAnsotfh ea
Irishman mknaielewkehro
twnenwtaakeeross
trethneeos
ptrleeeot
oil
othhe opposite
wostiltiee
side of the street, so the Rev. Mr. Keap comes across the
IS
Atlantic to borrow thethtreumyapnektseeoafbt,
the
abolitionists on the other
t English Anti-Slavery
agitators to rouse up
side.
Your
oblige
of the above in youAr
stoti-mßosrcroßwißs
Epter,
will
April 20th, 1840.

DEAFNESS.—'Mr. Swift, surgeon and aurist, Huddersfield,
whose numerous certificates of cures have so often appeared
in the Leeds Mercury and other Yorkshire papers, has en-
gaged rooms at the Golden Cross, Sir Thomas's-buildings,
and will visit Liverpool a few days every three weeks.—(See'
advertisement.)
