Impala Variffinunt.

HOUSE OF LORDS.—MONDAY.
The Beer Act in part Repeal hill went through committee,
Ltd the report thereof was ordered to be received on Tues-
day-
Lord LYNDHURST presented petitions from cotton-spin-
ners of Glasgow, complaining of an evasion of the Factory
Act ; and especially of the representations in the report of
Mr. Stuart, one of the factory commissioners.
Lord STansoironn adverted to the notice given by Mr.
O'Connell for a bill to enable Roman Catholics to hold
offices in the spiritual courts, and to occupy the office of Lord
Chancellor of Ireland. The notice having been received by
a cheer front supporters of the government, he wished to
know whether the measure was introduced with the sanction
of government.
Lord MELBOURNE answered that it was not introduced
with the sanction of her Majesty's government.
Some curious conversation followed, in consequence of the
Marquis of Londonderry's denunciation of the language at-
tributed to Mr. O'Connell and Mr. H. Grattan, regarding
the insecurity of the Queen's life under certain circum-
stances.

The Marquis of NORMANBY presented papers regarding
Canada, the conduct of Colonel Prince, and the Mauritius.
His lordship remarked that the order in council regarding
slaves had been promulgated in the Mauritius.
Lord BROUGHAM observed on the melancholy fact, that
the slavery had been continued six months longer in the
Mauritius than in any other colony.
The Bishop of EXETER presented several petitions from
the clergy of his diocese, &c., against the Church Discipline
Bill. _

The Archbishop of CANTERBURY then moved that the
bill should be referred to a " select" committee, which was
agreed to, and the committee appointed, and ordered to meet
on Wednesday.
Their lordships then adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.—MONDAY.
NEGRO APPRENTICESHIP.
Dr. LUSHINGTON inquired whether the government had
received any notification of the abolition of negro apprentice-
ship in the Mauritius.
Mr. LABOUCHERE said the government had no knowledge
of the fact from official despatches ; but he had no doubt
that the order in council had been received by the governor
of the Mauritius, and had been acted upon, and that negro
apprenticeship had in consequence ceased since the 31st of
March, because he had seen a Mauritius newspaper in which
a statement to that effect appeared.

STOCKDALE V. HANSARD.
Lord HowicK brought up a special report from the com-
mittee of privileges to which had been referred the considera-
tion of the proceedings in the case of " Stockdale v. Han-
sard," which was read at the table by the clerk. The report
stated that the attorney-general had reported to the commit-
tee that notice had been that day given to the defendant of a
writ of inquiry having issued to assess the damages sustained
by the plaintiff in the action ; and that it appeared to the
committee, that, while it was expedient to enquire into the
circumstances under which the judgment was given, it was
not expedient that on the assessment of damages the defend-
ant should appear by counsel.
