TRIAL OF SUTHERLAND.

Soon after noon, on Tuesday; last, the Yankee General Suth-
erland, and his aide-de-camp Spencer, captured oft POint-au-
Pelee, by the gallant Colonel Prince, after the late bloody en-
gagement in that quarter, were brought into town, and securely
lodged in our garrison. ' YesterdaY the ;general was put upon
his trial, before a court martial 'composed of the following offi-
cers:—Colonel Samuel P. Jarvis, President; Colonel Kings-
mill, Queen's Own; Colonel W. R. Robinson, 2d Sitncoe;
'Colonel Carthew, Royal Foresters; Major Guruett, Queen's
Toronto GUards; Major J. W. Dewson, Royal Foresters;
Major Henry Fry, ditto; Captain Joha Powell, Queen's Ran-
gers; Colonel Fitzgibbon, Judge Advocate. He is tried by the
provisions of an act of our Provincial Legislature, passed in the
last session, entituled, "an act to protect the inhabitants of this
province against lawlesi aggressions from the subjects of foreign
countries at peace with her Majesty."

We attended the opening of the proceedings, and it appeared
to us that although the general deportment of the prisoner was
calm and self-possessed, be seemed taken a little aback when
he found by what law he was to be tried. However, he bore up
upon the whole very well, and without that degree of vulgarity
and insolence we expected from him. He stated his profession
to be that of a lawyer, and, at the same time, that he knew
little of military law on such occasions. He was anxious to
know whether the officers who tried him were of the regular
trmy or of the militia, and whether they were residents of this
country. We thought we could perceive a slight beam of satis-
faction pass over his sallow complexion when informed they
were all militia officers. Whatever may be his fate, he can
have no cause of complaint of the manner in which be is treated,
and the leniency that is shown him. He is allowed the benefit
of counsel, so far as consultation goes, but not to plead for
him. A copy of the charges, and also a copy of the act upon
which he is tried, has been furnished to him; and he is allowed
the use of a pen and ink. The court adjourned until ten o'clock
this morning.

He is a tall, muscular man, about five feet eleven inches in
height, with bold and strongly marked features; a full, quick,
light grey eye, dark sallow complexion, and black hair. He
was dressed iu a sort of half military, blanket frock coat, much
resembling those frequently used by the Indians, with dark
blue buttons, collar and cuffs, grey pautalonus, with seams of
dark blue. It is thought his young Aid-de-Camp Spence will
give important evidence.— Toronto Palladium, March 14.

Postscript of the Toronto Patriot, Wednesday, March 14.
We stop the press to announce that the trial of the Brigand
Sutherland has met with a sudden interruption, in consequence
of his attempt to bleed himself to death by opening veins in his
arms and feet. His state of exhaustion is extreme ; another
half hour and he would have been dead.

AMHERSTB UltG El.—We have seen a letter from an officer at
Amherstburgh, of the 12th March, which states that accounts
had been received there of 40 of the Americans, wounded in the
engagement at Point Pelee Island, on the 3d instant, having
been taken in for treatment at the hospital iu Portland, and
that about 3J or 40 were drowned in their precipitate flight
across the ice. About a dozen of the company of the 83d, who
had pursued the runaway brigands about four miles, fell through
the ice, but ,were fortunately rescued by their comrades.—
Gazette. ,

(Frum the Patriot )

TORONTO, MARCH 23.—His Excellency Sir George Arthur
arrived this morning in the 'frausit, in time to breakfast with
Sir F. B. Head, who leaves this evening for Kingston in the
Transit. We are happy to learn that great preparations are
making for his respectful reception in Montreal.
The crown has closed its case against the bandit chief, Suther-
land, who, on his request, has been granted to Thursday, next
to enter on his defence.

(From the 13nrlingion Sentinel, March 19.
TRIAL OF VAN RENSSELAER, FOR SET'hNG ON FOOT A

MILITARY EXPEDITION AGAINST CANADA.

This trial was commenced at A übui n, New York, on IVlonday
of last week (March 12.) Three witnesses were examined.
It was proved that Van Rensselaer was at French Creek with
a large armed force on the 22d ult. ; that early in the morning
he, with 22 others, passed over to Hickory Island; that during
the day large numbers arrived with muskets, rifles, and pikes,
came on to the island; that they had two six-pounders and one
eighteen•pouuder; that 84 persons were the highest number he
could muster; that they all returned to French Creek the same
day, and voluntarily disbanded. It was also proved that Van
Rensselaer was at Oswego two or three weeks before, requesting
men to engage in an expedition against the Lower Province;
that he said, "We want men and means to go and see Papin-
eau," and that a few pistols, swords, and cutlasses were contri-
buted. It was also proved that Van Rensselaer gave ordet s,nf-
ter he left Navy Island in January, to Sutherland, to go west.
P.S.—The examination of Van Rensselaer is closed, and as
hedeclined to give bail, he will be committed to gaol in Albany
to await his trial in June.

WORKING OF THE NEW MARRIAGE ACT IN LIVERPOOL.
—From the returns of the marriages celebrated in Li-
verpool and its vicinity during the year 1837, which re-
i.urng are oddly enough classified. under the head of " A
General Bill of Mortality," a find our conjectures re-
tpectin g the failure of the Nigi.Marriage Act fully rea-
iised. 1-lete, as well as at Manchester and other places,
this pt eposterous act, designed to unchristianize the com-
b s been almost literally inoperative. For the
purpose .showing the decided preference which the
:people of ,this-.town and its neighbourhood give to the
ciid_fasbiout .d ceremony of the Church of England, we
shall state th.
e relative numbers of those who have availed
Therriselves of . the provisions of the New Marriage Act,
and of -those wOo Have conformed to the ritual of the
chuict. we fin'e I that 2781 marriages have taken place
within the town 0, f Liierpool during the past year. Of
this number we fiM.
1 that the

• . .
Marriages in Clio:relies Amounted, to 2670
Ditto in Co tholic Chapels
, Ditto in Scol'cli..Kirk
Ditto in Regi:ste,- Office • 9
Ditto in all th e Dissenting Chapels 13

And of tip thirteen ma rriams which took Place in the
Dissenting Chapels it sho.uld tie stated that two were so-
lemnised h the Mariner's Church, Rathbone-street,
where, be believe, the forms of the Church of England
are used.

Again, out of 236 marriages which took place in the
immediate vicinity of Liverpool, we find that 226 were
solemnised in the Church and ten in the Roman Catho-
lic Chapel, (St. Patrick's,) -whilst not a single " union
according to act of Parliament' took place !

It should also be borne in mind that the marriages in
the Catholic chapels are solemnised much after the same
manner as those in the Church of England, so that the
number who have entered the " holy state of wedlock"
,without the sanction of a religious service will be very
small• indeed.

We are glad to observe that the large and respectable
body of Methodists-in this town have entirely eschewed
the new-fungled mode of marrying, and shown their de-
termination to abide by " the good old way."

Were we wrong, then, in saying that the New Mar-
riage, Act would be despised by the people of England ?
Is it not now evident that the act was not wanted, and
that its enactment was purely a work of supereroga-
tion? •

POSTOFFICE REFORM.--It will be seen that a meeting
has been convened „by the Mayor for the purpose of
urging forward tl e refoim 9f the Postoffice regulations.

In the object of -the!tneeting vre,cOrciially concur, and we
hope that the proceedings will be characterised by that
prudent deliberation which is so requisite in discussing a
subject of such general importance. On this question
there will be found a degree of concord among men of
all shades of political opinions which can be very rarely
expected to exist on any other topic connected with the
fiscal arrangements of government. The glaring ano-
malies which so frequently present themselves to our-ob-
servation in the Postoffice regulations, and the gross
abuses and mismanagement which are so often witnessed
in its various departments, have given rise to an opi-
nion, almost unanimous, that a searching reform of the
whole system is indispensably necessary.
The Posloffice Circular has rendered valuable service
in bringing the subject of Postoffice reform more promi-
nently before the notice of the pUblic. In its last num-
ber, which we have just received, we find the following
observations on the evidence taken before the, Select
Committee on Postage :

"The evidence of the select committee on postage was pub-
lished this morning. Farewell to the shilling pustages,—fare-
well to a decreasing revenue,—farewell to anomalies of charge,
—farewell to tardiuess,—farewell to the contraband postage
trade! Not long will they survive the disclosures made in the
evidence of the select committee. Already we have an uniform
penny rate,—no postage to pay on the receipt of a letter,—no
tears fur the security of money letters,—nodelays, but deliveries
worthy of the name of "post-haste." So confident are we of
these results,—so completely has their feasibility been demon-
strated, beyond our most sanguine expectations, that a few
months only can elapse before these important ameliorations will
have been accomplished. No minister, with the fact of a sta-
tionary, if not decreasing. revenue on postage disturbing his
peace of mind, can hesitate to secure the certainty of improved
finances, and at the same time confer a most weleOtne' benefit

on the people. Let any minister pruchtim, in the teeth of this
evidence, which demonstrates perfect security to the revenue;
as compatible with a penny postage, that the religious and mo-
.ral sentiments of the poor shall continue to be suppressed,—that
trade shall be annihilated, unless its correspondence be con-
ducted thi•ough a systematic violation of the law,—that the re-
verence for the law, so strong and habitual in our countrymen,
shall be peri,erted by a .4:rightful and:.universal contraband
postage,—that the post monirpoly and the' post smuggler. shall
flourish together, and be the minister who he may, we trust the
people will hoot him from her Majesty's councils. No minister
can dare to avow his scepticism of the unanimous and uncontra-
dicted testimony of the witnesses whose evidence is submitted
to the public. We find a difficulty in, pointing to one portio'n
of the evidence.as more valuable than another—all are equally.
so; and it is only because the public are familiar with the fol-
lowing names that we single them out. There is evidence of
Messrs. Knight, Whittaker, Parker, three of the most exten-
sive publishers in the world,—of Messrs. Dillon and Branckston,
belonging to the largest warehouses in the world,—of Messri.
Christie and Moffatt, each most eminent in his respective busi-
ness,—of Messrs. F. de Porquet, the school agent; of J. Wright,
partner of Warren's blacking warehouse; of B. Sharpe, the
medicine vender,— each first-rate witnesses abOut advertise-
ments; of Dr. Laidner, R. Taylor, the printer and publisher;
J. Desborough, Secretary to the Atlas Insurance; L. Murray,
Chairman of the National Loan Society ;'J. Webster, Secretary
to the Civil Engineers; Capt. J. Bentham, &c.,—proving in-
contestably, the systematic evasion of postage in all their re-
spective departments, developing the evils of the present sys-
tem to morals, trade, science, and literature,—the acceptability
of Mr. Hill's plan, in its features of reduction, uniformity, and
payment in advance,—the indisputable certainty that an in-
crease of letters consequent upon a reduction to a penny would
suffice to sustain the revenue,—and a perfect willingness of all
to enter into contracts to secure the revenue from loss."

The plan proposed by Mr. Rowland Hill embodies the
following facts and suggestions

• That all letters passing from one post town in the
United Kingdom to another, be charged one penny for
each half-ounce, to be paid in advance through the me-
dium-of stamped.covers, or stamps or that letters should
be stamped when delivered at.the Post• offices.

'Phis system would introduce uniformity and simpli-
city.—

An easy and cheap collection of the Revenue.—
, Avoid a tpyitipliejty of accounts kept at the Post-
office.—

Save time in charging by pen and ink a varying rate
on each, letter, and in the delivery.

Avoid candle scrutiny into each letter to ascertain
whether single or double as at present and consequent
temptation to, fraud.

The English Post-office Revenue has, during the last
twenty years, slightly diminished.
The French Post-office Revenue has increased more
titan half since 1821.

The United States Post-office Revenue has more than
tripled during the twenty y ears that ours has been nearly
stationary.

The vast extent to which the trade of the country has
increased within the last twenty years, must have been
attended by a proportionate increase in mercantile cor-
respondence, while the great spread of education, and
increase of population during the same period, must
have greatly augmented the correspondence of all kinds:
As the number of post letters sent through the Post-
office, during the last twenty years, has not increased at
all, it is manifest that the whole augmentation,nipat have
gone to swell the contraband conveyance:rth;4!V'"'.7

The average of the present postage of a single letter
(taking in all chargeable letters) is sixpence halfpenny.
The average cost of its actual carriage, to any post
town is about one-tenth of a penny.
. The penny posts of large towns are very profitable,
even though these pence have to be collected from house
to house.

The average cost of managing the twopenny post of
London, notwithstanding the large allowance of weight,.
and the expensive manner in which the establishment is
conducted, is only 34 per cent. on the receipts, or about
two-thirds of a penny per letter.
The chargeable letters do not weigh more than about
one-fourth of the whole mail.

NORTHERN HOSPITAL.—Ou Sunday last, after an excellent
sermon by the Rev. James Martineau, a collection was made.
in Paradise•street chapel for the benefit of this charity,
amounting to £55 16s.

Chows' iNEsTs.—Two crows have recently taken up their
abode in a singular position, at the back of Mr. Lyon's house,
in Bold-street, above Slater-street. ,There are, we believe, but
three trees in the yard, yet, in one of them, the crows have for
about a week been engaged in building a nest. A third crow
made his appearance a day or two since, but was beaten off as
an intruder. Two crows have also built a nest on a house-top
iu Wood-street, Hanover-street.

EXTRAORDINARY DESPATCH.—The barque Brilliant, Gib-
son, belonging to Joseph B. Yates, Esq. which arrived front
' Jamaica on Saturday night, was reported at the Custom-house'
on Monday morning, began the discharge of her cargo at two
o'clock the same day, and finished on Wednesday morning at
nine o'clock, having occupied in- the discharge less than twenty
hours. The cargo consisted of 469caisks of sugar,:'cioffee and
rum, and 25 tons of dyewoods. '
' • •
KlNNEAri.—This notorious' character was sent off from Kirk-
dale
prison on Tuesday week for Woolwich, in a van with other
convicts. He was in good health, and did not appear to be
affected in any degree by his prostrate condition. During
the time he was confined in gaol he subsisted on •prison allow-
ance, and complied with all its regulations without any complaint
or apparent uneasiness. His wife, who is stated to be a well-
educated woman, visited him in gaol only once, a few weeks
before his trial. It appears that'she was living at Paris at the
period of his apprehension.
TRIBUTE OF RESPECT.—On Saturday, a number of gentle-
men, the friends of Mr. Samuel Holwe, met at Mr. Lacy'S'
Bold-street, to consult upon the best. method of presenting to
his' mother a picture, ( a portrait of that gentleman) painted
by Mr. Midge. when it was determined upon to request him to
be the medium of presentation.
,Mr. Holine being sent for, on
his arrival was addressed by one of the- gentlemen present:—
" I beg„ in the name of the gentlemen present, to request the
favour (knowing the retiring habits of that excellent lady) of
your presenting to your honoured mother this memorial of their
regard for her; and their esteem for you., They thought they
could not present to her any.thing she would'value more, es a
menento of friendship, than a likeness of her- eldest son. I
need not express to you ,bow much pleasure they have in
finding an occasion of exhibiting some token of their attach-
ment to you, and in congratulating themselves upon having
fixed upon an artist who has been so happy in the execution of
the work, and in conclusion, I am requested, to say, how heartily
they wish, that you may continue to enjoy that good health
to which it has pleased Divine Providence again to restore you,
and their wish that your life way be long spared, that they may
have the happiness to continue to enjoy, uninterruptedly, your
friendship and acquaintance." To which Mr. Holrne replied
in a neat and appropriate speech. The picture is a haiNength
portrait, an admirable likeness, and well painted; and what
adds to the value of the gift is the consideration that it is a
joint contribution of men of all parties, and not, as was el rone-
ously stated in the Mail and Standard of Tuesday, of the con-
servatives only. "
DEAIERA RA BA R—IMPORTANT INFORMATJON TO MARINERS.
-7-We understand from Captain Spence, of the ship Johnstone,
which. arrived, here yesterday from Demerara, that a floating
light vessel, with a fixed white circular light, was moored off the
bar of Demerara 13th ultimo, in 3y2 fathoms at low spring tides,
and exactly in 7 degrees north latitude, and 57 59 west long.,
the lighthouse on the shore at the port of Demerara bearing
S.W. by S. distance 12 miles. All vessels inward bound will
be supplied with a pilot from the said floating light upon their
heaving to for that purpose; and the light will be lowered every
night exactly at twelve o'clock, to be supplied with fresh
trimmed lamps : this will occupy not more than fifteen minutes,
duringahich time a common lantern will be hoisted at the mast
head,

THE LI VER(tpOl, STANDARD

LETTEIt 11.

CORRESPONDENCE.

THE REV. 'rum' M‘NEILE AND lIIS RADICAL
REVILERS.
.TO THE EDITOR OF THE. LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

Sift,—lt is curious to observe the jealous malignity with
which every public act of the Rev. H. M'Neile s is viewed by a
certain political party in this town, whether eloquently support-
ing time-honoured laws and institutions against the inroads of
revolutionary violence,—whether from his pulpit, expounding
the everlasting word,—whether in the performance of a duty,
which it has ever been a.delight to him to be engaged in which he
has ever been found replenishing by a Powerful oratorical dis-
play,—the decaying funds of our public charities,—or, whether,
whilst thundering at the gates of the senate, he boldly and un-
compromisingly demands 'the total abolition of slavery. On
all, or any of these ;occasions, are thr4re to be found little men,
of little Minds, anxious, not only to find faidt,'hut also to pub-
lish their silly animadYersions. Witness the effusions of a cor-
respondent in the Albion, of Monday lait, who signs himself
J. P. In contradiction to the word of God, as quoted by Mr.
M`Neile, at thd:ineetiog on Friday last, this Jesuit. undertakes
to state, that
."-God dues not separate the sinners from his sin,
till the sinner foisakes sin." Of course thiS is tr bit of logic
that Mr. M'Neile Will laugh at. At the same time the cloven
part of popery on socinianism, (twin . feelings,) is so clumsily
concealed, that the object of the writer is rendered clear and
intelligible. Slavery is incompatible with the doctrine of the
Holy Bible, therefore Mr Nl'lsleile opposes it, and in that op-
position he sometimes necessarily finds himself iu strange
society. J P. is a Member of that society; he is also either a
papist or a sociuian, or "something more," and as a conse-
quence, although an abolitionist to the very echo, he must de-
nounce, very sincerely denounce, the scriptural doctrines of the
talented and respected minister in question. I wonder these
curs do not find it inconvenient to be eternally annoying their
respectable neighbours. Of course some of them must have
read the anecdote in Addison's Spectator, of the noble mastiff
and the cur.—Verb. sap.—l urn &c., your's always,
R. W. H.

LORD MULGRAVE'S IRISH TRANQUILLITY

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL ST.4NDARD.

Sin,—ln my previous letter, which you did me the honour to
insert, and which favour be assured I estimate as it deserves, I
endeavoured to impress upon that portion of the English public
which coustitutes your. readers, the broad downright fact, that.
all, the.statemeuts and assertions of " Lord Mulgrave's Irish
tranquillity were notbiag better than the frauds!and knaveries
of certain political rogues and swindlers, who should have been
long since arraigned at the bar of their country for the felony of
" obtainin,,e-nioney under false pretences." And I went further.
I showed that beneath the temporary varnish which it was the
interest of
,the place-keepers to spread
.over the surface, the
grain and knots of Irish turbulence awl sedition still existed in
all their native perversity and stubborness, and that •the very
polish they. had so sedulously glossed upon it only tended to
preserve unimpaired that natural crookedness andliesistance to
equality which pave so long operated to prevent her being dove-
tailed into an integral portion of the British empire. I shall
now proceed to investigate the causes of the late tranquillity (?)
and cessation &Om crime, which have given rise to such conti-
dence and exultation among the supporters of the ministry, and
inflated with worse than bull-frog vanity every individual of the
Irish executive, front the noble author of "Matilda" himself, to
the printer's devil of The Evening Post.
There:is nothing in modern .Irish'politics, strange as they are,
so inconiisteht and contradictory as the conduct of the liberal
party and theifjOurnalists with respect to the actual state of the
country. W'hb'sir, until within a short time ago, they were all
as industriotietriPublish, as they are now to conceal, the out-
rages of the people. The columns of their newspapers teemed
with the very narratives of murders, and burnings, copies of
Rockite menaces,' and incendiary notices, and details of barba-
sOusand Wanton mutilations of dumb and helpless animals, for
the real or imputed crimes of their owners, which they now term
the fabrication of the tory prints. But then it is to. he borne in_
mind that this honesty of publication, and this marvellous pro-
pensity to tell the truth, only existed in the 'minds of the wor-
thies during the ascendancy, as they call it, of,Orange domina-
tion. And for this good reason too, because they served the
two!fold purposes iif casting .the reproach, and the origin of the
blood, and the guilt, and the misery of the misguided people,
upon the condurt of the government, and of enforcing still
stronger the concession of certain measures, the legislative
refusal of which, coupled with the supremacy of a party, they
asserted to be the primary causes of Ireland's want of prosperity
and quiet.
Well, sir, emancipation, one of the required sedatives, was at
length granted. Was Ireland more tranquil or composed ?
Not a whit. Reform too followed in the tracks of the relief
bill ; but this also failed to bring either security to life or pro-
tection to property, or to effect a shadow of change in the
disposition of the peasantry towards their rulers, their land-
lords, or even themselves. Far from it ; and i degress a little,
because the matter is worthy of attention—it was after the
pas Sing of these very measures 'that outrages and resistance to
law in Ireland begatt to be systematised and reduced to certain
rules and regulations, and to exhibit its their perpetration all
the craft and artifice which the science of modern agitation
could suggest. To Mr. Sine!, the commissioner of Greenwich,
and the member fur 'Tipperary, is due the credit of teaching his
countrymen the value of. combination. To his celebrated plan
of "simultaneous meetings" is to be attributed that union,
fidelity of purpose, and secresy of action, whiCh have so long
distinguished the proceedings of the insurgents, and whirls have
so frequently defeated the exertions of the magistracy and_
police mu the enforcement of any legal process or writ. In
truth, sir, it is since the questions of liberty and reform became
the law of the land that the outrage of the Irish people assumed
such a character, that in legislating for their suppression it was
necessary to divide them according to their nature and origin,
and hence, in the discussions on the infamous coercion bill, we
have them classified under the heads "agrarian" and " politi-
cal" outrages. So touch for the gratitude and tranquillising
effects of yielding to the people of Ireland the objects of their
desires and clamours.

But to return.'7,Emancipation and reform being granted,
while the agitation and excitement of the peasantry were fo-
mented and encouraged, it was neither the business nor the
interest of the liberal (?) journalists.to be commonly honest or
'truth telling. It did not now suit the designs of Mr. O'Connell,
or his Burgh-teray convention, to have accounts published
which daily gave the ready lie to their frothy declarations about
their country. Accordingly, the plan now adopted was to con-
ceal the truth. To hush up and suppress every fact which at
all betrayed the unquiet and restless state of the population, and
to represent to the people of England that the fermentation of
discontent which had4been brewing and boiling for centuries,
was rapidly subsiding, and that when it bad cooed down to a
proper national temperament it would be a very wholesome and
palatable beverage for home consumption.
But although this system of falsehood and misrepresentation
began to he thus immediately acted upon, still it was never
finally -methodised, and broadly and shamelessly acted upon,
until the accession of Lord Mulgrave to power. Now sir, it
is too plain to be, denied that the administration of this noble-
man is one of Mr„O'Connell's experiments." The Viceroy is
the veriest creature of the Demagogue of Ireland, and the Lima-
sores of his government but the obedience to a policy which has
involvedthe character and fortunes ora country, for the vanity
of sunal ambition and the gratificatiou of individual agran-
diseineut.
I thus particularize Lord Mulgrave as the creature, and his
`-koVeinfaent as the experiment :of Mr. O'Connell, because, al-
the-ugh-the whole whig•radical cabinet, taken: as a body, is
nothing better than a pack-horse which be.bestrides with. a rod
and spur'of iron • still as it is Ireland, tie is practically des-
potic, and from "frelatid he draws the sustenance of his popu-
larity; it is Mere the goxernineut must chiefly cringe and fawn
for his.favour, and do the drudgery of an Irish Agitator in the
livery of a British'illotnirch.
To secure then the official existence of this treature, and to
promote the success of the experimeut, has been the real pal-
pable cause why the provincial agents of Mr. O'Connell, the
priests and the village demagogues, have laboured to snake the
country exhibit the late delusive calm; and that his literary
hacks and supporters have been striving to force the intelli-
gence of the Iridi wonder down, what they conceive to be, the
gullibility; of the English public. And with good reason too.
Lord Mulgrave and Mr. O'Connell both know well, that beyond
the imputed credit of trauquilliziug Ireland, there, is not
another ground upon which the viceroyalty of the former is en-
titled to the confidence or ap'probation of the well-ordered, and
sober-thinking portion of the community. It is, true that his
lordship has strong claims both upon the trust and applause of
the movement faction of the land he governs. For if to super-
cede a protestant high sheriff, because he had the pi esumption
to appoint a, substitute who was obnoxious to a discontented
mob, and to nominate the leading person among them in his
stead.—lf to fill every place and situation with men whose only
Claim to their emoluments was their connection with previous
agitation, and their opposition to former governments.—lf to
throng the police, the paid magistracies, the vacancies iu the
courts and other official dignities, with the. professors of a par-
ticular, and even an anti-English creed.—lf to govern a section
of a protestant empire upon such principles, -be enough to en-
title the deputy of the crown to, the gratitude and support of
those who were always disaffected and disinclined towards it;
unquestionably, the administration of Lord Mulgrave should tie
prized and popular amongst the hitherto malcontents of Ireland.
But beyond this disgraceful, pandering to the passions of a
rabble, and this subserviency to the command of their leader,
the Lord Lieutenant-. has not another dune to the approbation
of his sovereign or the nation, save that of tranquillizing Ire-
land. Hence it is, that from one end to the other of the mi-
nistry—from Dan O'Connell to the lowest penny-a-liner, the
whole end and aim of their speeches and writings, is to estab-
lish, by every species Of humbug and deceit, the fact, that
he, Lord Mulgrave, as the creature, nominee, deputy, under-
strapper or what you will of the Irish demagogue, was enabled
to effect what no other governor -could achieve since the sub-
jugation of the country,—viz—the reduction to peace and good
order of a naturally turbulent, and by habit, a discontented
and disaffected population. And all this sir, for the purpose of
enlisting the sympathies, while it called forth a renewal of the
confidence of the English nation in behalf of their Irish breth-
ren;, and' by identifying the official career of Lord Mulgrave
and his colleagues with the manifestations of both, give them in '
the hearts and feelings of the people, an influence and ascen-
dancy, which neither God'nor nature intended they should oc-
cupy, Such sir, iu my opinion, are the causes of the late as-
sumed, and pretended tranquillity of Ireland. lam confident
that any unprejudiced and dispassionate Englishman, who re-
flects upon the matter, will come to the same conclusion.
As "the machinery by which the late farce of the no capital
conviction was got up," is a subject of sufficient importance to
merit a separate, notice, and as this letter has already ran to a
considerable length, I shall for the present conclude, with a re-
iteration of my thanks fur your kindness, and am sir, your
obedient servant, A TIPPERARY MAN.
Liverpool, April 18111, 1838.

OPENING OF THE KING'S DOCK.—The King's Dock will,
we understand, be opened for the reception of shipping on the
first of May. The dock has been deepened, and several other
improvements made of practical utility. The shipping which
frequent the upper docks will experience the benefit of this ar-
rangetnent.

SHIP LAUNCH.—On Wearies,.lay morning last, a very splen-
did vessel, register 756 tons, was launched from the building-
yard of Messrs. W. and F. Porter, near the Queen's Dock.
She was christened the Victoria. Her destination is not yet
fixed upon. She is of most beautiful model for sailing, and it
is anticipated will be the fast • ship out of Liverpool. This
magnificent naval fabric Iv.a signed, amidst the cheers of
thousands of spectators, to th bosom of the waters, without the
slightest accident. and was proudly floating up the Alersey,
the steamer which' had towed her iu, having Just left her, when
the bark Bridgetown, which was in tow of a steamer, foolishly
crossed her course, and was, in consequence, struck right amid-
ships by the Victoria, which still had considerable way on her.'
The concussion was so great that the foretopmast of the Bridge-
town snapped off like a carrot, and the topmast, along with the
topsail, which wus set, and topsail yards, came down npon the
deck, and upon the deck of the Victoria with a tremendous
crash, and it. is a miracle, considering the crowded state of the
deck of the Victoria, that no person was killed. A falling splin-
ter broke the arm of a boy, which, we are happy to say, was
the only casualty occurring. We have since heatd that one of
the sailors of the Bridgetown was seriously hurt, The Vittoria
received no damage whatever.

THE NEW QUICKSILVER STEAM-SHIP

COLUMBUS.

This splendid new steamer, destined shortly to cross the
Atlantic, which has created much interest, from the novel
construction of its machinery, made after Mr. HoWard's
invention for the rapid vapourization of water on iron plates
over heated quicksilver, on Tuesday afternoon took a trial trip
down the Mersey and round the light-ship, with- a highly-
respectable party of gentlemen on board. ' Site excited much
curiosity on the river, from the novelty of her appearance and
the beauty of her model. In her construction she has wore of
the appearance of an elegantly-Made brig ; she has two chim-
neys,. both very low, .and from the peculiar coal, the anthrasitc,
consumed by her no_sinoke is emitted. By the politeness of
Captain Daniel Green, her commander, and Mr. Howard, the
inventor of her machinery, we have been furnished with the
following particulars :—The Columbus is 330 tons, builders'
measurement, being 211. feet beam, and 145 feet keel, with 131-
feet depth of hold. She has no horse power, two 55 feet
engines, the cylinders being 401 inches diameter and 31- feet
stroke, and the wheel 171 feet diameter. Her speed
through the water is ten statute miles per, hour; her im-
mersed section at her present load is 150 square feet.
She has now -on board twenty days' fuel, besides 30 tons of
iron ballast. The novelty of the engines (Mr. Howard's pa-
tent) consists in a new method of 'producing the steam, and of
condensing it, the latter part of the invention being applicable
to the ordinary .boilers. Ina boiler the heat from the fuel
is passed over very extensive surfaces, in contact with which
, is a large body of . water, the temperature of which is
always such as is due to the density or pressure of the steam,
and consequently the evaporation is limited by such circum-
stances. In this invention the steam is formed by bringing a
small quantity of water previously made boiling hot, in contact
with a comparatively small surface, heated to, and maintained
at the temperature of most rapid vapourization, viz. about
400 deg. to effect which a quantity of mercury or amalgam lies
between iron plates, the one near the fire being a plain surface
of only three quarters of a foot per horse power, and the other,
or vapourizing surface being about four times as much. The
steam never obtains a density or pressure due to the tempera-
ture, but is itself heated to about 400 deg. and worked at about
ten pounds to the inch, and cut off from the cylinder at half the
stroke. The condensation is effected by the repeated injection
of the same water---:so that pure water is continually circulated
through the engines, the waste from casual leakages being sup-
plied-by stills attached to the funnels, and which further give
a surplus quantity of water for the ship's use. This principle of
condensation is effected as follows, on board the Columbus:—
the air pumps withdraw the warm injection water from the con-
densers into the hot cisterns, from which it passes slowly through
a series of copper pipes exposed to the actiou of the external
cold sea water in a cistern supplied by a pump, on the air pump,
cross-head, and then is re-injected amidst the steam in the con-
densers, after having been effectually cooled by its transmission
through the pipes. This process of condensation is obviously
equally applicable to the ordinary engines with boilers, and is
most effectual. The fuellnade use of is coke or stone-coal, or
other fuel giving a strong local heat and little flame; that em-
ployed on Tuesday was Kilkeuny coal. The consumption of
fuel is three tons per day of 24 hours, and the fire grates have a
total bar surface of only 22 feet, the air being supplied by a
small blowing machine, under easy regulation. The irou plates
exposed to the fire are :perfectly secured from any bad effect
from the somewhat intense heat, by. the close contact of the
mercury within them, and which absorbs and gives out the heat
with the utmost rapidity. The combined effect of th. reduction
in the consumption of fuel, and the weight and size of the va-
pourizers, compared with boilers is such that a steam vessel of
any ordinary tonnage and power will he-enabled at her loaded
immersion to make a voyage office times the length now prac-
ticable.

The steamer made a delightful trip round the light ship ; her
speed is not great—about tea miles an. hour—but is very good,
taking into consideration the power of her engines compared
with her tonnage. Her paddle wheels are also ou an improved
principle, being constructed after Morgan's patent, the paddles
turning on an eccentric centre with the wheel, and • always
turning perpendicularly, exposing a perfectly fiat and perpen.
dicular surface to the water. By this means the beating of the
paddles on the water is avoided, and the constant lifting
and vibration of the vessel done away with, the paddles always
descending into and rising out of the water perpendicularly.
On Friday last, the vessel made an experimental trip to Dub-
lin, and was seventeen hours on her passage, having a strong
head wind part of the way. She returned on Sunday in 151-
hours. At Holyhead, she fell in with the Mermaid steamer,
from Waterford, and slightly gained upon her.
A rumour has gained very general circulation that the quick-
silver used on board, in generating steam, had the effect of
salivating the crew, and that two of the men were landed at
Portsmouth, on
,her way from London, seriously ill in conse-
quence. Such, however, we learn not to be the tact, but that
two engineers, landsmen, who were dreadfully sea sick, were
so landed, and that probably gave rise to the report. At the
request of Mr. Howard, we made enquiries of one of the en-
gineers, named Smith, who went on board the first steam vessel
of this construction, the Comet, in March, 1834, and sailed Irons
Loudon to Ramsgate, and afterwards from Woolwich to Fal-
mouth, and returned again, 'and went from thence to Lisbon
and returned, and during the whole time never felt the least in-
convenience or effect from the quicksilver, though constantly
in the engine-room. The tires require not half the labour to
keep them up of the ordinary steam-boiler fires. A prejudice
appears also to exist about the slow speed of the vessel compared
with that of some of our first steamers; but, when it is consider-
ed that the power of the vessel is not more than half, compared
with the tonnage, of most of our steamers, the speed is in more
than proportion. The Columbus ppssesses a cabin and quarter-
deck of very great extent, compared with her tonnage, and the
cabin is fitted Op with great neatness. We wish her every
success.
