THE HORRID EFFECTS OF NEGRO SLAVERY.

In one of the early debates in the reformed House of Cominons,
on the slave emancipation question, some of our readers may
perhaps remember the outpourings of the Lord Viscount
How•ick's indignation against the proprietor and managers of a
particular estate in Demerara, whose conduct towards the " un-
happy blacks" was described, in the stereotyped phrases of the
Anti-slavery Association, as diabolical, cruel, &c. &C. &c. &C.
and that such conduct would effectually destroy the negro popula-
tion of this estate in particular. The arrival of the Milian Chief;
Captain Williams, from Demerara, has supplied us with an ex-
cellent commentary on his lordship's harangue, in the shape of
an order from one of the ill-used, and therefore unhappy slaves
belonging to the very estate that was the theme of his lordship's
discourse. The order is in the hand-writing of the slave, which
we copy verbatim et literatim

" MEMORANDUM FOR CAPTAIN WILLIAMS.

" A blue dress coat, second quality.
" 7 strings of large coral beads.
" 7 pair earrings, a little larger than the pattern, and a fellow
for the pattern.
I piece cotton cambric.
" 8 pieces calico gown pies .
" 3 lockets, (ladies'.)
" 3 strings black garnet beads.
" 1 piece common white drill.
«; piece coarse Linnen for shirting.
" Air. and Mrs. Vincent's compliments to Mr. Williams, and
wishes him success and a happy passage home, and they hope
you will not forget them.
" P.S.—A blue dress coat for my brother, to be a size larger."

This order was given by a slave who is neither a driver nor a
manager; one who is employed exclusively in out-of-door
work on the plantation. The funds to purchase these articles
were supplied by an order on the agent of the estate. The
pattern GOLD earring and pendant, together with the paper
which we have described, may both be seen by any person who
will take the trouble of calling on the Publisher of the LIVER-
POOL STANDARD, in whose possession they are. We have
only to add that we hate great pleasure in exhibiting this
irrefragable proof of the cruel and inhuman treatment of West
India slaves.

THE PLUMSTEAD MURDER.

HOME CIRCUIT—MAIDSTQNE,
lohn Midle, a young man aged 23, was placed at the bar,
charged With administeting poison to his grandfather whereof
he died.
