THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

LACEY'S ENGRAVING OF L 'RPOOL.
Lrok(FEirt:.,,,,,lll t4ti;,tS)loLicraibued trsle to
ih
' forthcoming VIEW
üblie generally to view
a Copy by Mr. S. Walters from th rge Picture, which he has
had doue at a considerable exp se as a Pattern for the Co-
lourer, in order that each Subscriber for a Coloured Impression
of the Engraving may be furnished with a Fac-simile, of the
Picture.
Folios of Prints, Caricatures, &c. Lent for Evening Parties.
No. 64, Bold-street, January 2811 s.

MR. DANIEL O'CONNELL'S VISIT TO

LIVERPOOL.

Mr. O'Conhell arrived here on Wednesday morning, by the
Dublin •mail-packet, at about seven o'clock. At the George's
Pier, we understand, it was industiiiously. circulated among the
few bystanders, who had assembled to witness his debarkation
from the steamer, that he was not on board the vessel. He was the last
person who landed, and he hurried off to the Adelphi Hotel, and,
after taking some refreihment, from thence to the house of Mr.
Justice William Rathbone, at Green Bank.
That the great man was really in Liverpool was, however,
soon pretty generally known throughout the town, and by mid-
day the classic regions of Ben Johnson-street, Crosby-street,
Thomas's-street, Atherton-street, Bent-street, Addison-street,
Harrison-street, North-street, Lace-street, Chisenhale-street,
and divers other places, lanes, and alleys in the district of
Vauxhall-road were emptied of their most fashionable inhabi-
tants. Thus it will be seen that the elite of the natives of Ire-
land, who are occupied here as lumpers and hodinen, were on
the alert, in some instances accompanied by their ladies, in
order to join the standard of their different chapels or associa-
tions, and meet with due .reverence and respect, as all "here
ditary bondsmen" should do, their liege lord. As no official
announcement had been made as to the precise time and place
when and where Mr.. O'Connell would receive their homage,
much anxiety and indeed confusion prevailed as to where his
vassals should congregate.- However, at last placards which
appeared in various parts of the town announced the glad
tidings, that the great radical idol would appear before his wor-
shippers and explain the cause of his first appearance in Liver-
pool from the balcony of the Adelphi Hotel.
To the front of the Adelphi then marched the Irish brigade,
with their banners flying, and their bands playing " Erin go
Bragh," and various other soul inspiring airs. As early as
half-past twelve o'clock some two or three thousand persons had
assembled at this point, and by one o'clock the crowd became
exceedingly dense, indeed at this period all the streets leading
thereto poured their streams into that reservoir, the open space
in the front of the building. For some time-previous to O'Con-
nell's appearance on the balcony the crowd became impatient
to gain a sight of the great man; cries indicating that feeling
vrere now and then heard, but, upon the whole, the crowd was,
although a ragged, a very peaceable one. Some time after
the appointed time for the appearance of Daniel, his trumpet-
major, Mr. Justice-of-the-peace. William Rathbone, appeared on
the balcony, and was received, as so great a peace-preserver.
should be received, with all the honours that a mob can bestow.
videlicit, all the noise some six or seven thousand throats could.
make. Silence having been obtained, Mr. Justice Rathbone
screamed out, "Gentlemen,—have the goodness to remove the
banners, because they intercept a view of the balcony." This
request, or rather mandate, was as speedily as possible obeyed.
At this time most of the shopkeepers in Ranelagh-street deemed
it prudent to close up their windows. We may perhaps differ with
our contemporary of this day in our estimate of the number of per,
sons assembled together at. this period, but assuming the distance
from the front of the hotel to the opposite buildings to be sixty
yards, and the end of the house next to Renshaw-street to be
about eighty or ninety yards distant from the upper end of Ra•
nelagh-street, we imagine that eight thousand is the greatest
number of persons, or "individuals," if drat be the more ap.
proved word, that could be stowed away within such a space.

ILISSOLD'S HAIR CUTTING stands equ '
and inferior to none.
Wins of the very best description, economi
be had at 48, Church-street, nearly p
Theatre.
CLISSOLD'S CIRCASSIAN CR AM is highly recom•
mended for strengthening and beautifying the Hair.

ftu the firs!

. in price, may
4ite to the Liver

THE NOR I'HERN HOSPITAL.

The second annualreport submitted to the subscribers
of this excellent institution has just been published. We
transcribe that interesting document in the hope that it
will be read with attention, and induce a more extended
support of the charity.
In appearing before the subscribers and the public with the
Second Annual Report of the Liverpool Northern Hospital,
the committee have, in the first place, to congratulate them
upon the important character which that institution has as-
sumed among the charities of the town, and upon its increas-
ing usefulness and value k nor can they refrain from the expres-
sion of their own gratification on the views and intentions set
forth in the original prospectus having been so far justified and
attained.
The committee conceive that they cannot bring the merits
and necessities of this institution fully and fairly before the pub-
lic, without again adverting to their prospectus, issued in
March, 1833, in which reference was made, and proof adduced,
of the inadequacy of the Infirmary singly "to meet the wants
of a rapidly increasing ppulation residing in a district princi-
pally and densely inhabited by die labouring classes, and far
distant from it," and, consequently, accommodation for fifty
patients was contemplated at the northern end of the town, to
meet, as was therein expressed, a "present necessity."
The accommodation first intended was afterwards limited, for
want of room, to thirty-three beds, and four have since been
added, so that thirty-seven patients, of all kinds, is the extreme
number that can now possibly be received, and more than can
be either satisfactorily or properly accommodated, in the hos-
pital.
The committee have, therefore, at this early day, to report
the inadequacy of this scale of hospital relief to the northern
district of Liverpool, and that it has been with the greatest,re-
luctance they have been frequently compelled, not only toldis.:
charge many convalescent patients sooner than they could hare
wished, but also, to refuse several times in the course of the
year, severe accidents and acute cases, for want of vacant beds
to receive them; and so continuous has this influx of patients
been, that the medical gentlemen have at times been under
apprehensions of disease in the hospital, arising from its crowd-
ed state; and it ha' been scarcely possible to find opportunities
of whitewashing and purifying the wards.
To obviate evils of this inaguitude the committee have thought
it their duty to take measures to increase the accommodation,
and consider themse ves fortunate in having been able to pro-
cure the adjoining ho e, upon which they hope to enter imme-
diately ; and, as this- be accomplished at a small expense of
outlay, and will cont. - hirty beds, it is expected that any fur-
ther application to the üblic upon the ground of enlargement
will be for sometime unnecessary ; but, as the committee will
be thus enabled so greatly to extend the hospital's sphere of
usefulness, so is it indispensable that the means placed at their
disposal should be proportionably increased. They make this
renewed appeal to the friends of suffering humanity with even
greater confidence than the original one; because, in that, the
necessity of the case might have been, by some, supposed to be
misconceived or magnified, the results miscalculated, or the be-
nefits problematical; nor could it be wholly divested of the
doubtfulness of au experiment; but it must now be acknow-
ledged, upon the consideration of the statement of cases an-
nexed, that all that might have been heretofore considered prob-
lematical or visionary in respect of this hospital, has vanished,
and it takes its place from this time among the standard chari-
ties of Liverpool; its extension, therefore, to a full measure of
usefulness, has a claim eyA,superior to that of its original esta-
blishment: and the cominithke feel assured that that claim will
be met in a manner commensllantte to the value and importance
of the objects to be attained.
Before proceeding to the genlral return of patients for the
year 1835, the committee desire to draw attention to the cha-
racter and severity of many of the accident cases occurring in
the immediate neighbourhood, several of which have been be-
yond the power of surgical treatment, when admitted. They
refer to smite dreadful casualties in these hopeless circumstances,
and to two out of eight cases of suspended animation, by im-
mersion in water. The other six, as also two cases of suffoca-
tion in a ship's hold, and two attempted suicides, were restored;
and the public will learn, with coins surprise, that the accident
cases of the year 1835, received into this hospital, exceed in
number one-half of those admitted into St. Thomas's Hospital,
London, during the same time, and it is most in repute of any'
of the London hospitals for this class of patients.
The total number of cases received amount to 402, of which.
the medical cases are 108, and the accidents arid surgical 291,
being an increase in the latter class of 71 over the previous
year; an incontestible proof of the usefulness of the hospital,
and the necessity for its immediate enlargement.
The cooonitte feel that they should weaken their powerful
case were they to lengthen this report by any further arguments
appealing, to the charitable feelings of their townsmen. The
facts above stated need only to be reflected on to show that a
due proportion of the copious stream of public charity, which
spreads, itself through the town, cannot be batter applied than
for the maintenance and enlargement of the Northern Hospital.
They cannot, however, conclude this report without. making
their acknowledgments to such of the clergy who have, on
several occasions, Materially henefitted the hospital by power-
fully urging its claims on the liberality of their congregations;
and also for the very liberal donations of several individuals,
the particulars of which will be found recorded in the annexed

A few minutes after Mr. Justice Rathbone's appearance on
the balcony, he appeared a second time to usher on, as fluster
of the ceremonies, Daniel himself, who presented himself before
the multitude habited in a travelling cloak, his head covered with
a shabby green cloth cap, encircled with a rather tarnished gold
band. The cap, like the man, looked as if it had seen some service,
both being somewhat time-worn and greasy. The cheering was of
course loud and vehement, but a great noise was made in the
room leading to and on the balcony, and did not appear to extend
over the whole mass of the assembly over whose heads he stood.
Silence was soon obtained, and Mr. O'CoNsiELL spoke as
follows :

I deeply regret that I have been compelled to disappoint my-
self of the pleasure and 'satisfaction of corning to town along
with you. (Cheers.) If I could by possibility have anticipated
that. it would have been in my power to arrive so early, 1 should
have liked to have come in at the head • or the wit of the good
people of Liverpool. (Laughter and cheers.) The Wiles say
I one great conju:or, but 1 am not as, yet able to command
the time or the tide, or the wind ; and fur want of being able to
do so I was obliged to refuse the appointment to meet the good
Englishmen and Irishmen whom I now se«, surrounding me.
career(Cheers.)
glad, iu the
presumptuous,tiligious liberty. ►i,rilgt;lewfarre-ah,l:dists,voo.hGai biron: eialitten(thtig:uranestklitulispesnuieg,rs,rr,iih:ilicifnirrpenrisd:d:i
sse d in England. lam
tea.
ziause ratsts.tit:titiirklaci,cmi
coenditc. t,r,0.,
out4,o_
for me, the
below. Mr. O'Connell ordered a person from the front of the
balcony who seemed to intercept the view of smile of the peo-
ple. Mr. llathbone also stepped,tuthat Mr. O'Connell might eo distressedlonrewii. rdbe and requested silence,
I shall never, observed ;11 tin
ired
speaking.) ing
talking Btuot
r. noto
good-humoured and honest people. (Cheers.) I was -sayinis,
he continued, that throughout the whole of my political career'
I have battled to achieve liberty for my countrymen of every
class, creed, and distinction, and if there has been any gratifi-
cation of toy vanity, or any pleasure to my heart, it has been in
the shout that has cheered ine iu my progress to .increase the
liberties of the human kind. and to put down the enemies of
civil and religious freedom. (Loud applause.) I am aware,
gentlemen, thtit o,y public life has been devoted 'to ,a sectarian
object, that it has been mainly employed in obtaining emanyi.
padon for the Catholics, and freedom to those who thought with
me in religion. I worked for the Catholics because the people
of Ireland are essentially Catholic. But the principle is the
same everywhere—that conscience ought to be free. (Cheers.)
It applies equally to the Catholic in Ireland, to the Protestant
in Spain, and to the Christian in Constantinople. (Cheers.)
of others, they had not time to look
Having obtained this measure, the people of England, Scot-
land, and Ireland had leisure to look to themselYes. . While
contending for the rights
to . their oivo. CathOlic emancipation having been achieved,
that in
parliamentary reform was inevitable; and I may say,
bringing about that great measure I tarok an active, a decisive,
you c I eaedr s
here?
What tvis
(Loud
and a successful share. -(Cheers.)'l he next step of utility to
become England
I.
twash a ct
orporate
rotten
corporationief
o (Lour]
laughter.) I was at a public meeting in Ireland when they
first heard of the event of your recent election, and there was
an invoediate cry for the band to leave off playing something
else, awl to play " Kick the rogues out !" (Cheers.) I hum-
bly thank you for kicking the rogues out. (Renewed laughter.)
the pleasure of kicking out three and thirty—(a voice from
behind "Forty-one")—well, the pleasure of kicking forty'-one
—I will not call them rogues, but cunning little fellows, out of
the snuggery. • (Laughter.) Why it. was worth while to be
alive to laugh at them. We forgive them all now, and pity
them a little for the peculation they have lost, the plunder that
has been taken away from them, and because (the greatest evil
that can happen to the roguishly-inclined) honest men get their
own.
.And that even without the rogues falling out: for, to do
them justice, they stuck together to the last. (Laughter.)
But you have only half done, and Englishmen are never fond
of having the work blundered, or boggled, or spoiled. Yon
have for Liverpool one of the most excellent and viiiiable gen-
tlemen representing this, part of the country. There is not a
more amiable English gentleman living than no friend Mr.
Ewart. (Loud cheers.) • Intelligent, highly-inAnoied, with
good statesmanlike views, and active energy of real patriotism,
he has never ceased labouring in parliament for th.' people he
is proud to represent, and who ought to be proud of such a le-
presentative. (Tremendous cheering.) But the good so 96-
tattled is only
.half a good. You are like a paral‘ tic moan. on
m
have a good ember- on one side, and vou hate Laird ..4untlon
on the other. (Hisses and cheers.) I inn told he said the
other day-, that I would not be satisfied without being him'„ of
Ireland, but that I must have England too. What e
(Laughter.) I humbly thank him for the good estate lie was
giving ine. All lam spiteful at him for is that he del i.ot throw
in the Isle of Alan, for what we call "a luck-penny over the
bargain." (Cheers and laughter.) One thing is certain, that
if l should some day find myself a king, give we for my cue
mies your plain-spoken, straightforward fellows, that can look
you in the face. I like your bold knaves: none of your wheed-
ling sort, half-piety, halt-selfishness, with the eyes up to heaven,
while they are doing mischief to men below. (Applatise.) ,I he
sanctimony of a saint, and the peculation of a tory, practising
every species of bribery and corruption. (Cheers.) 1 remem-
ber when NV C were working up the corrupt old corporation,
Sandon exclaimed, "Heaven forbid that he should countenance
peculation, or bribery, or anything of that kind." The quaker,
when the dog barked suspiciously at him, said, " Heaven for-
bid, my poor dog, that I should hurt thee;" but lie cried out
"Mad dog !" and the animal was soon despatched. (A laugh.)
Sandon is the reverse of this. He does not like peculation and
bribery, but he will take care that no inquiry is made ;oto
" Heaven forbid that we should be too vice. Fur what might
turn out ? It might be 'proved that a thousand freemere had
been bribed by means of a turning-locker, potting their ticket
fir one-side and taking out their money at the other,"
(Laughter and enthusiastic cheering.) Such a discovery might
have been a bad thing for Sandon. Why do I wention him ?
First, because I like to have a laugh. at him, and rest, because
it is a shame and a disgrace for Liverpool. while smelling Mr.
Ewart to do good to allow ,Sandon to go and do mischief. Is
there any English common sense in this ? Nut the least. The
Irish arc said to commit blunders, but they never «).n,iiitteri a
Islander of this kind. In Ireland one and one make but in
Liverpool one and one make nothing—(much laughter)-for
while
,Ewart votes honestly for the people, Sandon, the Mous,
votes dishonestly for the tones. So that the one and one just
strike against one another and make nothing. Liverpool, iu
fact, is not represented at all; the bad so equally weighs with.
' the good, that nothing is the result. I hope the people of Li-
verpool will look to this—(we will.) I tell you to discoun-
tenance men who vote badly, and turn a cold shoulder to the
freemen who pocketed the pelf and voted for Lord Sandon.
There is in the public mind a discountenancing power which
would soon give the true direction to the energies of the peo-
ple. This power is seen in Ireland. There the franc hise is
very restricted, but the honest men do not speak to the dis-
honest voter, the women do not look at him. (Loud cheers.)
I thank you, my dear friends, for listening to me as you have
I have taken a part in the struggles for British freedom. lam
going to continue those struggles. The Tories tell me they will
turn nut the reforming ministry and come into power again. I
do not believe a word of it, saving your presence. (Loud cheers
and laughter.) I have thirty thousand witnesses to prove they
tell a lie,—don't they? (" Yes, yes!" and cheers.) One
shout, then, for "Down with the Tories!" (Applause.) And
now in point of common sense ought they not to be put down ?
They put in their own pockets the public property. They in-
crease taxation to have more plunder. They deprive the ,peo-
ple of their franchise that they may exercise more despotic
power; they hypocritically invoke religion ; and inflame one
sect against another in the name of the Girl of charity. [Mov-
ing his cap. 1 (Enthusiastic applause). The tones are a vile
faction. (Cheers.) They have no honest men anions; them.
A tory cannot he an honest man. For what reason?? Why,
he wants at particnlar body to have what belongs to all. If any
man were to come among you and say that ninety-nine out of
every hundred
should work, while the hundredth took the wages
of the whole, you would not laugh at that man. you would co-
rer him with ;mid. Well, that is toryism (Much applause.)
That is what I am going to London to battle against. (Ap-
plause). lam going to London to increase the franchise. The
£lO franchise is too narrow : every moan ought to have a vote
for his representative
in pal liament. (Cheers.) There is no
man who does not pay taxes, and it is robbery to tax a man,
and cot give him a representative to take off that tax as soon

list ;.nor without expressing their anxious hope and full ;;;;-
viction that, considering the rapidly-increasing wealth and
population of this rising and important town, and the great
exertions making by all for the advancement of medical and
general science, this institution will, with each occasion, be
enabled to extend itself to the full proportion of the growing
necessity, till at length established in an appropriate building,
and fostered by the union of liberality and benevolence, it shalt
administer, together with its fellow institution, to gie medical
and surgical requirements of the poorer classes of an immense
population.

GENERAL
Simple fractured limbs.... 47
Compound ditt0.......... 12
Ribs and collar bones .. . 12
Flip bones •••• 4
Spine
Skulls
Dislocation lO
Burns and scalds - lO
Wounds and bruises 77
Suspended animation ..• • 12

REIURN.
Attempted suicides 2
Various

Surgical cases....
Medical ditto on reeorn
mendation

DISCH
Cured 275
Relieved and made out-
patients
Irregular l2
Sent to Fever Ward 5

RGED.
Died
Remaining in the Hospital 29

T0ta1....403

SHIPWRECK AND MASSACRE OF THE CREW.

We formerly copied a paragraph from a Liverpool paper,
respecting the disastrous fate of an English brig, the crew of
which, with the exception of one man, had been murderel off
Salinas, the usual station of the pilots of the River of Para; and
stated that Sir E. Home, the Captain of his Maj estv's ship Race-
horse, was about to proceed to Para to investigate the circum-
stance. It now appears that Captain Reid, of the schooner Clio,
of Montrose, and his crew, were the unfortunate individuals on
whom the savages had wreaked their fury. The following mel-
ancholy particulars are contained in a letter from St Louis de
Maranhani, dated October 21:—" Deceived by the land signals,
which announced that a pilot was in waiting but had no boat to
proceed on board, the Captain sent ashore his mate and four
men, who were massacred by the Indians the moment they
landed on the coast. These savages then, profiting by the dark-
ness
of the night, surprised the rest of the crew, who, not suspect-
' ing any treachery, thought that the boat was returning with •
their comrades and a pilot. All the crew were put to death, and
the brig, being brought close to the shore, was unloaded and
sunk. The Clio had on board 4()00 muskets and a large quantity
of gunpowder, which will enable the insurgents to offer a long
resistance to the troops that might be marched against them from
Rio Janeiro. A s soon as that catastrophe was known here, time
British corvette Racehorse made herpreparations to depart, and
will sail to-morrow for Para. The captain declares he will force
the blockade, if he is not allowed to go and bring the revolters,
still masters of the town, to an account for the horrid murder
of the crew of the Montrose schooner Clio." A private letter
received by the owner at Montrose, contains the following :
"The Rival is just arrived from Maranham, and brings a little
information. The Racehorse had succeeded in getting the sec-
ond mate of the Clio, the only person saved : other two made
their escape with him, but where drowned in crossing a river.
All the rest *ere murdered ; the vessel plundered and scuttled.
The Racehorse was still at Para: when she returns, more par-
ticulars will be known and transmitted to you."--Morning Her-

We feel unfeigned sorrow in communicating to our readers
the following affecting staterne•rt of the loss of the ship Bride,
Captain Bennett, on her passage from Miramithi to this port,
and the loss of most of the crew. It has been ,received—by
Messrs. Wilson, Hudson, and Co., in a postscript to a letter
received from Captain Wharton, of the Swift, of this port, dated
Rotte tr, January 19, 1836:—" I have opened my letter to
ounce the appalling intelligence of the loss of the Bride, of
Hull, with twelve of the crew. The survivors are the carpenter
and James Russel. Captain Bennett died fifteen days previous
to the vessel being fallen in with. The sufferers on board were
then in such a state as not to be able to take hold of a rope
thrown to them; they had been twenty-one days on the wreck,
and had sustained life by knawing from time to time the dead
bodies of their shipmates, and drinking salt water. The vessel
with the survivors has arrived in the Texel from Cuba."—Hull
Gazette.

Asmovsa.—The Town Council met on Thursday, and decid-
ed on retaining the sessions, and petitioning his Majesty for the
appointment of a Recorder. 'A motion was made for the de-
struction of the corporation pew in the church, by Mr. C. Mundy,
seconded by Mr. Mortimer- but the Dissenters in the council
having handsomely declined to vote on the question, and the
rest c f the body reprobating the measure, it was withdrawn as
hastily as it was introduced.—Hampshire Chronicle.
ORIGIN OF TAR NEWSPAPER STAMP.—So important were
these libellous publications deemed, that the Queen (Anne)
concludes one of her messages to praliainent by representing
the licentiousness of the press. She is made to declare that,
by seditious papers and factious rumours, designing men have
been able to sink credit, and the innocent have suffered; and
she leconunends the house to find a remedy equal to the mis-
chief. In obedience to the Queen's desire, and at the instance
of her secretary, the parliament passed a bill (1712-13) imposing
a stamp upon pamphlets and periodical publications—the origin
of the present newspaper stamp. At its origin the amount of
this stamp was only a halfpenny ; and it is curious to observe
what an effert this trifling impost had upon the circulation of
the most favourite papers. l‘lany were entirely discontinued,
and several of those which survived were generally united into
one publication. The bill operated in a directly contrary man-
ner to what the ministers had anticipated; for the opposition,
who had more leisure, and perhaps more acrimony of feeling,
were unanimous in the support of their cause. The adherents
of ministers, who were by no means behind the opposition in
their proficiency in the topic of defamation, were, it seems, not
so strenuously supported; and the measure thus chiefly de-
stroyed those whom it was Bolingbroke's interest to protect.
The insufficiency of his expedient soon became apparent to
himself, and we find from his correspondence, that Bolingbroke
was often employed in prosecuting the printers of those papers
which were most violent against him.--Cook's Life of Boling-
brotc.

JANRUAY 29. 18..6

as possible. (Hear, hear.) You know that I ern a radical, round like swarms of Minnows at a worm. The Water, ttre
and I shall always continue a radical. Therefore lam for vote bread, and the vegetables were non est inventus, it was hopeless
by ballot, (Loud cheers.) If you had that the workman iu
the manufactory need not show his employer how he voted. He wiShizig for any. The wines were evidently chosen with an
could be very civil when he asked him, and put the little ticket eye to the company for which they were provided. The cous-
in the ballot hoe, and his toaster not know ode ha'porth about mittee of managenient, whoever they may be, with most mar-
the matter. (A laugh.) If his master's friend was honest he
would vote for him—because he was honest; but if be was a velloui stupidity contrived to assign seats for the reporters at
Sandonite he would vote against him, and the Saudonite might such a distande from the president's table, from whence, with
go and preach elsewhere, and pray as much as he pleased at his only One exception, the whole of the speeches were made, as to
leisure. (A laugh.) If the tones come into power, what chance render about every third word inaudible, to the utmost tension
is there for an extension of the suffrage? -None in the world.
The ballot would take away their means of intimidation and of hearing, over the noise and tumult which almost incessantly
corruption. And what chance would we have of going to the prevailed. With every wish to give a full and accurate report,
other place, (Lau they call the House of Lords—did you ever we have done so as faras. such circumstances would permit. About
hear of it? ghter. What chance should we have of go-
ina and looking for a hit of reform there? None. They would half-past five o'clock Mr. O'Connell entered the room, and
reform the House of Commons back to its former corruption.
was received with deafening plaudits, to which he repeatedly
They would take away as touch of the liberties of Englishmen bowed. Ile took his seat on. the right of Mr. Rathbone, the
as they would dare to meddle with. There is a phrase in(Mlrer-. chairman. On the right of Mr. O'Connell sat Mr. Hall, the
land,-4' It is a' good thing the dogs are afraid."
O'Connell here gave the Irish for the proverb, which was stipendiary magistrate; beyond him sat Rigby Wason, Esg.;
received with tremendous applause.) It is just the same and the Rev. Mr. Yowens, catholic priest. On the left of the
sort of a
perfectd appespotismrehensionover that
you. Therefore keeps the tories I
in n fromstanding estaUshihereng chairman sat Mr., Ewert, M.P.; Colonel Williams; and blur-
and everywhere, to put down the tory potter, and let in gradu-
,
gan O'Connell, Esq., M.P. Order having been obtained, anel
ally the principle of real and democratic liberty. Cheering.) all parties' seated, the dinner commenced, and the room then
There has been hitherto a parchment union between the two presented a very magnificent spectacle. After the dinner had
countries. I have been long an advocate of the repeal of that been removed, about seven o'clock the trumpet behind the
union. I now crone authorised to give up that object altoge-
ther, provided you join me in obtaining justice for the people of "
Ireland.—(Cheers.) Justice is all I want, and surety the man ! The CHAN:MAN then rose.— Our first toast, gentlemen, is the
must be a rogue that would refuse use justice. (Cheers.) I • monarch under whose reign we have enjoyed peace, under
put it to the conscience of Lord Sandon himself whether it whose reign we have abolished slavery, under whose reign we
would not be roguery to refuse justice. (A laugh.) I ask no have effected reform iii parliament, and' reform in the Mni-
more—l won't take less. (Applause.) And asking the aid of , cipal corporations ,of. England, and we hope soon to see that
good men, and I trust, the blessing of Providence on my work, ; reform extended to Ireland.
I predict that I shall go home with a large measure of justice "The King of the united kingdoms."
for Ireland, particularly in the reform of tier corporations. Three tremendous cheers were then given.
Your corporators were real saints, compared with the black Air—" God save the King.
(..11;T,,
bt
yh then
nggalveed-01:eHe
resranl‘dl ahliesssteys. the Queen ,"
a .
gentry in ours. ( Lauehter and loud cheers.) '..aturs did some I
• which was aC'asnAta
public good occasionally ; ours do no good, but all the mischief,
both public and private, that they can. lam for reforming Air—" Here's a health to all good lasses."
them, and I think you will join me; and, seekints nothing but ;
pledgel whichen 31
nwneAsTatlih'heerelimtdexyttotorea(site,eing,einft
implieslueemceeesn'arv.
justice from a great nation, there will besuch a universal uprise ;
• •
of all that is good, and wise, and talented, and spirited, that it I "The Princess Victoria; in the hearts of the people she is
Will be impossible to keep from Ireland her rtghts, and from 1 safe from faction." (Cheers.)
Etigland'her security and increased prosperity. (Loud cheers.) 1 The Citattioece.—The next toast is the prince who has dared
I will relate to my countrymen the manner in which sou have ; to he honest to the people in the worst of times.
received me. .It will elaaden their hearts to find they have so I "The Duke of Sussex, the steady and persevering advocate
many friends. The voice of joy will spread over the green I of civil and religions liberty."g
plains of Erin, will be heard in her smiling and sequestered . This toast was given with great cheering.
valleys, and the mountain-streams, as they roll down her ma- The CHAN:MAN.—The next toast, gentlemen, is—
jestic hills, will re-echo. in a kind of heavenly music to time "The watchword of freedom, the people; the' only source of
shout that says, " Thanks to England—liberty to Ireland!" legitimate power.
(Long-continued cheering.) Phis toast was received with tremendous applause.
MAir—" Oh, As soon as r. O'Connell retired, there were loud cries. from The CHAIRMAN dear,what can the matter be."
' '
.—I he next toast, gentlemen, is one of deep
,the crowd for Mr. Ewart, when Mr. Rathbone step* forwerde interest to us all; it involves gratitnile for the past, afal the
and said Mr. Ewart was nut aware of that meeting, and would most pleasing auticipitions for the future. It is the health of
those who ere placed at the head of the nation, who have relied
not be in town until three o'clock. Mr. O'Connell was now
on the people, and whom the people rely •
going to the Exchange Room, and if they would make an "Lord Melbourne and his Majesty's -ilinisters."
opening he would go with them ; and if they would then quietly Tremendous cheering.
disperse they would be doing him the greatest service, and the duty on this occasion. (Hear.) The next toast I claim your
O'Connell The CHAN:MAN.—EngIand expects the stewards to do their
as
town the greatest credit.• An avenue was then formed, and Mr.
indulgence
proceeded with the crowd to the Exchange. esteem in the best manner you can, is• the man who has:
At two o'clock, the multitude forined themselves into a pro- to,mitreedd utos
whomthis day, to whom we :int' Liverpool are deeply
advocate tveand ' e
cession, and moved through Ranelagh-street, Church-street, being the able.of }p4alrlia::tetiatarery dreeetVmlryni .ind(eltteeel'rse)s
Castle-street, (several of the shops in these streets were closed But above all, gentlemen, who is the vindicator of the wrongs
at the approach of the mob,) to the Town-hall, where they halted, of Ireland, said the representative of it. ..
and all he asks, justice to Ireland; and Mr. O'Connell, accompanied by Mr. Justice Rathbone and ' The to,:sitOt'vCaso"ell, Ley.,given amidst thunders of applause.
other members of the committee, entered. They were shown Mr. O'CoNetuai. then rose, and the cheering was again re-
info one of the side rooms on the ground floor, (the Mayor's newed, and for some thee he in vain essayed to speak. He
private room,) and, after some conversation between Mr. tsulmk ees as
bneetarielydnes‘zeow7tlhd
l h collecti as followsa
O'Connell and the gentlemen in the room to whom he had been siamultaneoustee chr'which has greeted h
inee Menreagreat.uprotaer
introduced, Mr. Rathbone came out, and, in a very petulant arose at one end of the room from smile one causing an inter-
and flurried manner, enquired of some of the constables present risone,averd,sthveoieceries
r.(,),fh " turn him out" complete's' drowned
how it was that the Mayor had not been sent for? However, chair Etan jroriped on. to the te
able, but d ;Vatihsee
/ instovoloanitethineptle'ormt:
receiving no satisfactory reply to that question, lie ordered one his voice above the tumult; and, after waving his hands and cry-
ofthe persons in attendance to go immediately to his worship big "down, down," for sonic time, order was at length attain
rdeessteorriebuellh—el\dl re.liOrth'Ct otigieelilt tithceit-!efontineed, it was ire posheib le to
and inform him of Mr. O'Connell's arrival. The Mayor, it ap-
pears, was in the police court swearing in some newly-appointed which prevailed at the inentio'n otf attliswittlieatnegntahieneentt'elZwiuZ,
constables, and, after a few minutes' delay, he came into the as it had been, by demonstrations so unanimous and so gratify-
Town-hall, and
politely bowed to Mr. O'Connell, and the latter and was introduced to Mr. O'Connell by Mr. Rath- tog.
tlile.would not indulge in any notion so absurd as to sup-
bone. The
rpiotsseo
of
his
noew on w edite
deexlhi
(171(ittivio,nisoifitthreaetoeltltetehteits(igastiiitttttc4any snotreturned the compliment in a similar manner. His worship, to as evidence of kindness to'hiniself but as a pledge—iHerweaasgain
his credit be it named, did not offer the agitator his haul, nor did interruption was renewed, and ceder was at length restored by
.v_io c 1
betirta ria' os nas fro
ire teen coef
Mr. O'Connell crying, nut, tit th,e top of
.ht.is voice, " Silence
present at this interview, it was our iinpression that the
he enter into any lengthened conversation with hiin. Being
Mayor was neverg
setnirlsollteeri titii;!snetailileeiiiii.ctier;roprition'
dragged before O'Connell notch against his will. It was really deep interest in the fate of his unfortunate country. (Cheers.)
pitiable to see how very affable Messrs. Rathbone, Sheil, Sher. His country had claims upon them, claims on their interests,
ples, and some others of O'Connell's Liverpool tail made
M them; aliich might be considered paramount, etaints on their justice,
li.
selves during the flavor's presence, evidently in order that the • titler dest. ~, fanor she could not be miserable ts on their generosity. She had claims ote their
withoutin-
a portion of her
might force his worship to countenance the man they had in- wretchedness overflowing upon them. She had claims on their
traded upon him. All, however, would not do. His worship interests, because she could not be prosperous without sharing
kept up the same reserve to the last which he manifested upon his It; ',tilts iim.ralpielr,ittty a
this.everyinoni...7t t h e in .n
mail in
give
sthzeaffami liar
first entrance into the room; and, after the party had retired, increased prosperity, to coilsuime .C 1 worth of English 'maroriunfltel.).
he walked away very quietly to the police court, and there re- tures more than he did at present, would there not be six
millionsch iitin•e spent amongst them to increase their trade ?
sumed his civic duties, Mr. O'Connell, attended as before,
in
andheeerp
niionterestin her prosperity, but they
quitted the Town-hall by the western door, and proceeded, al- faulaeurlsu:e)perTihnet)e'rheas(ti being wretched amid in misery_
most unobserved, across the area of the Exchange to the News. But he did‘not appeal to their interests, he appealed to their
room, which he entered. justice and generosity. Ireland haul been gifted by God with
oreater natural resources than any country. She was never
The scene which followed his entry was one that literally beg. frozen into barrann„s.e-
-y the chilling frost—her face was never
gars description. We should observe that in the, early part of burned up by parching heat, but the eimminer's sun smiled ore
her with gladness— her mountains lifted up their swelling-,
the day the Exchange Rooin Committee had sent a resolution to
Mr. Justice Rathbone, intimating their determination not to al- ever
ninseitzuetdrteicchite•er
fertility,
eilirteyfrraht iiittegr d Tilts
wereNo u.•,iltv,rtaer';sfesrlituiz
low the Room to be used on this occasion as a forum, and request- and abundant!), yielding rich, treasuresP to the gathering hand
tino that Mr. O'Connell might not be brought there. Howeeer, of the husbandman. (Loud and continued cheering.) Na-
tuzerlinriLtearissesaereedelier in every direction with navigable rivers
in defiance of this intimation, the peace-preserving Mr. Justice
Rathbone persisted, as we have already said, in bringing thither —her lovely valleys ivlaevreospuTedainetvheer every hour
ofu Heavenand at e every tide
Mr. Daniel O'Connell. His' entry was greeted with groans; Way- and bendy: She yielded all things that could be called blessings, that could give joy to her children,
hisses, yells, and cries, varied only by clapping of hands from and that could
those who had intruded themselves as a part of the retinue ofso /:11,1t0eistofe hearti,eaot oft( and
lorse who looked through the visionary me-
unwelcome a guest. In the part of the room in which we stood thus blessed byynature, ouvaZleo.wina with ivtll)tri xwujit'vsphoeusroetdnitiseornabhleer,
the cry of Carlow; Who cheated Raphael? Turn the beggar in abundant.profusion ? Why was she in such a state of &stress
out; What does the pauper here? Where's your begging-box?
galottdedrnes:tietruturfi ?b England, I tell you.dlt is because she does not
The latter cry was bawled into his ear by some one who stood blame England fourtir ati'l.halieve gyovs%rmtte qii:ietre. as( Cr
ehaedeyr s
t.
0)
Inli
sw„,iol 1
near to him. During this uproar, O'Connell, we are told, turns serum you as far as they dared; but von would not permit it,
ed deadly pale, and appeared as if totally bereft of his accus-
eTheytt ihni Tr rnedil3it-ietta.nodu Ith,,c)}c)paeurotrriejlehiLdardiotf thneepsoier to
touted assurance, He did not make the slightesteffort to speak, butreimeTiden'iTts.do right) in that. You took the crownne froth
and it was quite clear that he would not, under any circums head of another—there you did tight. (Great applause.) After
stances, have been listened to for a single moment. In about such a lessonu It. boundary they
di d theil aristocratic
to misgovern you. You kept
ten minutes from his entrance, he and his followers' were fairly-
listmielitnhee King has rued, and can
rtrittlilce potter,ol
t.O rant
idt
ee vheernseitliteeo thato
ejected, we should almost be warranted in saying kicked, out people; and eon have responsible ministerys to answsr to you for
the room, with as little ceremony as would have been used to a the acts of the government. - (Cheers.) In Ireland the misgo-
cue or a pick-pocket of the lowest description.
vernors have had a clear stage. They have governed us through
•
faction in order to get power and eniolu»ient. They had been
In the area of the Exchange he was joined by a number of governed for the purposes of a faction, and, when it was neces-
'lrish labourers and women, part of his escort from the Adel Phi, sr.V for them, England had been pitted against Ireland, and
thentriestedubielfortuitate difference of the religion of the two coon-
who lustily cheereekhim as he again passed into the Town.hall
We observed one gllow with a huge cabbage-stalk in his hand: against proiset.sstsaenitze(:vhilltst"t hePwreetielx-itiiialin,danitd hhead,pteensscaotpotlitec
which he used very freely among the crowd to make a passage people had been entirely lost sight of. That cry was not reli-
for his august fellow-countryman ; and it was several minutes giiin, it was not protestantism, for it had none of the charity of
before the party reached the entrance to the hall opposite to the rllegiirmioni. v
tnP raoktiens,,tanitts ha v,e)
rtdiiosngraocr
theirhe nsationte.k i
onf
-tt
vhaetilre r
police-office. O'Connell did not leave the Town-hall till the politics, all for this world, Pend no thought at all about the relit
time appointed for the dinner. gion. (Great cheering, which drowned the speaker's voice for
The expulsion of the offensive animal that caused this ebulli- some min u tr.?, In thebe irtiatinnies,ootv'
elrrneeladn d
Forhe iasked fur justice,
tion in a place where we seldom find any but cool, calculating, I set asdpiratticenirtse, front the first days of his boyhood, had IPialeheins
earliest
she h
clear-headed, money-making men, was followed by three cheers a determination to struggle for his country. (Cheers.) Their toast
for Lord Sandon, three cheers for the Duke of Wellington, said but justice—he asked nothing but justice: he would tell
three cheers for Sir Robert Peel, three very loud cheers for atheintehreeewn•otualttrie
.not
ie less.tie:nest
l as e (4.3lehelearlsi. )le
lwouldeinunsott
ittaak‘, e
Church and King, three for the protestant cause, three for Sir. twentyi shillings in the pound—the whole of it. debt;
(iL'aughter and
James Graham, three for Lord Stanley, three for the geed old cheers.) The sum total of the debt he must have. He was
there to address them, and he would coutinne to adds ess all that
town, and three groans for the beggarmen, three for Rath-
bone and his radical tail in the corporation. One or two
twenty honest and upright in the British nation until the entire
shillings in the pound was given him. Theie was hut
cheers and groans were given for some other persons whose one mode of demanding justice, and that. was to be perfectly
names we could not hear. right. Now he deinaeded that justice should be given to Ire-
was perfectly rioht to dm • rid it. For, believingas
land, audit e ita ,
Of the composition of Mr. Justice Rathbone's mob we can his fathers believed, and as reason told hint he was right in be-
only say, first, that it was strictly Irish in all its characteristics; lieying, be had been a proscribed man in his native land, and
secondly, that it was the counterpart of the goodly company so he had no inheritance which he could hand down to his chil-
happily described by Sir John Falstaff when he said " 1 will not
edirleeleir.inHg
)e wiiittoeoii,enduitoforrteve and degraded being. ( Loud
march through Coventry with them—that's flat." Some score to for justice ;I) u ,
wfa s jitu so
ni c
any t o
speuett
let
tui
aenno t I
principlet a .that or two of frieze coats were seen in the News Room, but they he founded those ardent aspirations? No, it was on a principle
that conscience ought to be free, and that the period had passed -
took little or no part in the strife ;—their wonder appeared to be
when human law had any tight to interfere between man and
how they got there. . his God; that the period had gone by when law could do any
In the course of the day the Dinner Tickets were at an awful thing for religion by enforcing its tenets at the point of the
discount. Guinea tickets were selling for half sovereigns, five bayonet. (Great cheering.) It was to place the Irish catholic
shillings, and one was actually sold for eighteen-pence! The pro- olierefosrameaetiflooling with the Irish protestant that he had shrug-
ceeds of one eighteen-penny ticket were given to the subscrin g
.- means to a greaterentenatill.ciplaiteion
- w;ouladndiisr,i/altny h and(
abne
hott. buitteathr:i
Lion for the relief of the widows of the Formby boatmen. If the him whether it would have been possible to have obtained par-
fact, the low price at which tickets were hawked about, be dis- liamentary reform for England whilst the catholics of Ireland
remained unemancipated? The public mind would have been
divided ,
puled or denied, we have ample evidence of its truth. We pro- and directed tit other objects. The moment Ireland bad
ceed now to record what took place at ~. •-a obtained justice, they had seconded England in their efforts for
TILE DINNER. improvement. We would ask, had the friends of reform any
and reason to regret that measure which has brought into 'marlin-
The Corn Exchange was appropriated to this purpose, ment a new class of men for Ireland ?He himself had had the
presented a most magnificent room- Tables were ranged down honour and happiness of being elected by more than one consti-
He had represented three counties and one city.
each side, leaving an avenue in the centre. There were alto- ttency.
(Cheers and laughter.) County after county had contended for
gether about thirty tables. The table of tbe president was what they called the honour, and he called the happiness, of en-
placed on one side near the centre on the right of the entrance, trusting to him their wants and their wishes. (Loud cheers.)
and a little elevated. Over the president's table was a large He would beg to ask them (they had seen the votes of that class
crown, and on each side the motto—", Geed Millie Faldthe" (a of
co mites—they,eseennehhaiden, t theo th
ey votes
soi: tolifej,lownitiminbounrso whichdtthhee
,lervisehr
hundred thousand welcomes.) The roof was hung with festoons voted to increase the burdens of the people, to take away sin-
of evergreens, and several flags decorated the walls. In one gie franchise; haul they ever been absent when liiitish .liberty
required that they should tight for them; had they ever been
corner to the left of the chair a very efficient band was esta-
n dto time mostgenerous concessions that could be given
a
given
blished. Each of the tables was ornamented with a plaster cast I'. I"!
to a tree people by a rational government? No; they had
of some elegant device, an urn, a jar, &ea containing flowers ever stood by your side along with the best amongst your-
and a pine-apple each. To each table four stewards were ap- selves until the disgrace of negro slavery was banished from
e,ngland_ and sent oeer. the._ Atlantic. (Great
.cbeering.)—
pointed, with wands indicating their position. Accommodation E
1 bey had fought by their side until not only parliamentary re
was made in the first instance for seating 860 persons, after- forums was obtained, but until corporate reform was also -g t.
wards seats were added for 150 more, and the whole appeared (Loud cheers.) They all knew that he was the best abused eof
occupied, and even crowded. The room was extremely well
connectedliving men.
wAleateght,te.orr;2dJheeles,) On scarcely any subject
beenhad he escaped' slander.
lighted with gas, rows of gaspipe perforated at intervals of a
One of the calumnies which haddiesthrown out against him
foot being placed over each table. was, that he had been the means of preserving Lord Melbourne
The arrangements previous to entering were most injudicious, inosheisthtec„
eotaysfoarnoinineisfitteori.ri (Great cheering.) Let them sup-
the doors being kept closed till half-past four, the dinner being them to believe (Cheeresnand
lattlyTtnot true, t
kut hersoud beg
to take place at five o'clock. The consequence was, that about sequence? Why that really it would account for '
sonic
t is eo f c et ;Is e-
four or five hundred persons were collected at the door, which, kindness which lie had received that day; for, if he did that, he
when it was opened, caused a tremendous rush and the greatest ohtanderbleveisnemaiteryumweonntiadininolehivaing them corporation reform, which
confusion. The company congregated was one of the most to say, an instalment of i
t,
forve hadthe (greatiiul cheering); ring ) ; that, was
to
mixed and heterogenous assemblages it has been our lot to certain number of shillings in the Poinid. (&siiitLtiri;:lesi•heeer-
witness. Here and there—one or two at a table—a respectable ing.)
were confined to two. 'rhe first was, he wished that the tithe
He wanted justice. He wanted these two things : they
inhabitant might he discovered rubbing shoulders with his shoe-
question should be settled. (Cheers!) Let them fully under-
maker or tailor; and by far the majority appeared to consist of stand each other on that question. In the first place -his own
persons scarcely one remove above "the finest pisantry in all opinion was, (and he had never concealed it on that subject,)
the world," who had pottered out their hard-earned sovereigns tio
thattt nuoernete not wereni
t sine
re in the profession of their own i•eligion
"to see the show ni ." It was our lot to get seated alongside o
e e (Cheers.) What watsotirinairetaoifn
sthtermintisteres
toot' tchaatteirtel)igitun.
of these `fm ) t
intelligent and respectable en," (and we were not (Laughter and cheers. T e use
..ey esenntgto'exptoi t pay menit ifenYrs?
singular,) who, when time champagne was passed to him for the the poor for that which they did not receive, and what they
t
second time, declined taking it, saying, "he had rather not :it themselves set so little value upon that they would not pay theirministers for it, was that justice? (Cheers.) He would ask
was not chider he liked at all: he preferred the whine." Englishmen of common sense was that justice ? (" No no.")
The dinner, such as there was of it, was excellent; but the Very few would go to low on such a principle, and, from' what
supply was most meagre. When a table had the luck to have lit knew by his own cape ience, few but foolse hdid go to law.
a dish placed on it, the oveueauts of all the surrounding tables, (
tahueg
chat
seer .
0) r H. e
ot
„am case
nwsh i i t
si which
r i tiu a l dooucjtohrt similarn
despising waiters, came on their own errand, and clustered posing a man wasgoging out in Londen in his tax-cart, and wart
