UNITED STATES.

The New Yolk Courier, November 30, states that arrange-
ments han been made to have the President's message forwarded
by the "express mial" (the success of which additional daily
post office conveyance continues to be mentioned,) and tha if
Congress did not adjourn sufficiently early, then it was to be
forwarded by its own " rapid horse express." .It contains a
statement that all reporters not attached to the Washington
press will be excluded "from the floor of the house, by order of
speaker"— a proceeding for the prevention of which, if at-
tempted, the representatives of the people are required to in-
terfere.

The Review of the New York market, November 30, says that
the demand for cotton had continued to a fair extent, but that
the transactions, as formerly, were mostly confined to the wants
of the manufacturers. The price was looking down, as large
holders, to effect sales, had not unfrequently been obliged to
make concessions.
The market for domestic goods remained heavy. The de-
mand for western flour continued fair, and holders were firm at
former prices. In the course of three weeks there had been ex-
ported 5,436 barrels of wheat flour. Freights remained without
variation.
_ . .

Exchange (like date.l—A few sales had been made for the
next packets at 91 per cent. cash, on England : and sf. 22.1 c.
on France. Nothing doing in other descriptions.
The \'ew Ywk Commercial Advertiser of the 29th of Novem-
ber contains a letter, dated at the Grand River " Land" office,
Michigan, which mentions that the office hail just opened, and
that there was a great rush for land, almost entirely by settlers
troin the eastern and midland states. The scrambling con-
tinued daily. The receipts for three days amounted to about
60,000 or 65.000 dollars. When the amount is 150,000 dollars,
that being the amount of the receiver's bond, he must suspend
his labours until a deposit can be made in Detroit. That would
require three or four weeks, and an expense of 450 of 500; so
that " everybody was cursing the government ou account of the
Land. office regulations." The letter adds, " The system of
specie payments was not only extremely inconvenient for the
port haser, but expensive for the government." The hardship
of the delays and difficulties thus thrown in the way of settlers
waiting for land, and thus exposed to unnecessary expense, is
strongly dwelt upon.
The Richmond (United States) ll'hig Nov. 26, in a long
article on " the future," declares that it has always believed
that the slave question would be pressed with redoubled zeal,
as soon as the election of Van Buren was deemed secure ; and
that it now considers that " the next session of congress would
develop the strength of the abolitionists far beyond anything of
which many good, easy deluded southerns hail any conception.
Indications of the gathering tempest (it adds) were as clear
as light, and petitions were in preparation to be poured in upon
coit'ress with thrice accumulated force."
foe Albany Advertiser, in a long and emphatic article on this
subject observes—" If Mr. Van Buren is so far fortunate as to
receive a majority in the electoral colleges, his success will be
considered by the abolitionists as an auspicious omen for their
cause;" but adds, " Where is a contest of this character to end ?
Southern gentlemen have already declared their conviction
that northern interference with slavery will drive the southern
states to disunion."
On another subject it remarks, that'' the admission of Texas,
which will certainly be presented, will also raise a storm in the
north, as may well be calculated from the murmurings already
heard."
The New Orleans Bulletin, Nov. 11, states that according to
private accounts from the city of Mexico to the 15th October,
a division of the Mexican army had just left that city for the
invasion of Texas. Sappers, miners, pioneers, &c., were at-
tached to it. Serious results in Mexico were feared on the de-
parture of the troops, in consequence of some exasperation of
feeling existing against the American portion of residents in
that city.
A correspondent of the New Orleans Calrier writes that on
board the last British packet that put in at Havannah on her
way from Vera Cruz were two Mexican commissioners sent to
n‘gociate with Governor Tacon for a renewal of friendly re-
lations between Mexico and Cuba; that Governor Tactin at
first refused them an interview ; but that they subsequently ob-
tained permission to land, and were received by the governor,
but that the intervi-w lasted only half an hour; that the corn.
Missioners .then went on board the packet again, and sailed
for England, whence they will go to Spain. The rummer was
adds the correspondent, that they solicited leave to enlist 306
-sailors for the Mexican navy, that Governor Tacon referred
them peremptorily to the government of Spain.

DISINTERMENT OF MA DAME MALIBRAN DE

BERIOT.

About five o'clock on Tuesday morning last, several gentle-
men assembled at the warehouse of Mr. Ewers, Pall-mall, and
in half an hour afterwards proceeded to the Collegiate Church,
followed by some workmen, bearing a large wooden case, made
for the purpose of containing the coffin during its transit to Bel-
glum.
The stone had been raised, but no further progreis
,made in
the disinterment, when the funeral party arrived. As soon as
.the party arrived, one of the sexton's assistants commenced the
work of shovelling away the earth from above the coffin. The
The grave being about five feet in depth, there was scarcely
four feet of earth above the body ; but from the great weight of
the leaden coffin, it was no easy task to excavate below it suffi-
ciently to admit of a rope being passed under. This was at
length done. and a thick cord was passed under the head of the
coffin; but its soon as it was attempted to raise it up by this
means, the cord snapped, and in this way considerable delay en-
sued; three cords gave way, and at length a strong rope was
procured in the neighbourhood; it was passed under and the
coffin was raised. With the exception of portions of the black
cloth which had been cut or torn off the e.lges of the coffin by
the spade, there was little appearance of the "grave's decay."
The coffin was placed in the case prepared for its reception, the
lid of which was then screwed down, and it was raised on the
shoulders of bearers, and conveyed along Ihe South aisle of the
church past the churchwarden's pew, and out at the north door,
the same entrance by which it was borne into the church at the
funeral. A hearse was in waiting at the steps, at the top of
Hunt's bank, and as soon as the case was placed in the vehicle,
it proceeded to the Mosley Arms. On the hearse reaching the
Mosley Arms, M. de Fiennes and Madame parcia took leave
of the hostess, with feelings sensibly affected by the kindness
which they had received from her, and then stepping into a
coach and pair, they commenced their journey, preceded by the
hearse.

ROYAL AMPHITHEATRE,
GREAT CH A RT.OTTE-STRRET.
Under entirely New Management.
•
THE Nobility, Gentry, Inhabitants, and Visitors in general
of Liverpool and Vicinity, are respectfulh informed that
the ROYAL AMPHITHEATRE, WILL OPEN for the
SEASON on MONDAY EVENING next, the 26th instant.
During the Recess the Interior of the House will be newly
Beautified, and many important alterations made for the comfort
ot' the Audience.
The Decoration and Scenic Department under the able
superintendence of Messrs. A and E. PiNLAY.
During the Season the most approved Novelties will be pro-
duced in rapid succession, and arrangements made with the first
Artistes or the day.
Centre Boxes, 35.; Side Boxes, 25.64. ; Pit, Is • Gallery. 6d.
Second. Price at Half-past Eight.--Boxes, Is. 6:1. Pit, Is.
Doors open at Half-past Six.—Perforrnance begin at Seven.
Stage Manager, Mr. NEVILLE.
