THE ITALIAN OPERA.

Another of Rossini's compositions, "I 1 Barbiere di Siviglia,"
was brought out on Friday night. The principal characters
were cast as follows :—Roeina, Madame Kyntherland ; Count
Almavica, SignOr Deval; Don Bartulo, Signor Marani; Don
Basilio, Signor Galli ; Figaro, Signor Boisragon. The piece
went off with great spirit, as the whole Of the performers relied
less upon their vocal than upon their imitative powers. Deval
was in excellent voice, and his acting in the scenes where he
appears as a drunken trooper, and in the costume of Don Basal°,
would have done credit to any stage. The same ineed of praise
is also due to Marani, who sustained his part with great eclat.
Madame Kyntherlaud was encored in " Ecco giunto in bet
momento;" of "Lino voce" the less we say the better. Bois-
ragon was a better Figaro than his predecessor in that character
last year, Signor Williams; but he was not quite at home, or so
much at his ease as we could have wished to see him, for we
admire his sipging very much. " Zitti, zitti" was also encored,
as were some other concerted pieces.

Judging from the appearance of the house on Friday, as well
as the other audiences we have seen since the commencement
of these performances, we should suppose that the manager is
" a prosperous gentleman," and we therefore congratulate him
upon the success of his enterprise. Although he has already
done much in catering for our amusement he has much more to
do. His female band must be strengthened by some additions—
and these must be above mediocrity—and we also think that his
claims upon the patronage of the public would be considerably
increased by the introduction of a corps de ballet. An Italian
opera without this relief is like a quadruped limping on three
legs, or a bird attempting to fly with one wing, and is as un-
sightly as an ancient knight would have been with one spur.
To an Englishman there appears something like a natural con-
nexion between an Italian opera and a ballet, and we cannot
therefore easily disassociate the ideas. If a fresh subscription
be' contemplated we have no doubt the gentry of Liverpool will
guarantee the means of carrying these improvements into effect;
to suppose the contrary would be a libel upon their well-known
spirit and liberality.

• AMERICAN ELOQUENCE.

A correspondent has favoured us with the following extract
from the inaugural address of Governor M`Buffie, borrowed, he
says, from the Chariest(' M -Ithe 15th D last:—

sys, . Mercury, 151.. sec. last
It is my deliberate opinion that the unbalanced democracy
of the middle and some of the northern states will pass by a
rapid transition through anarchy to despotism, and I am
thorongly. convinced that the institution of domestic slavery,
paradoxical as it may seem, is an indispensable -element in an
unmixed representative republic. (1) How sacred then is our
obligation to provide for our psoperity all the necessary means
of defending and preserving an institution so essential to their
existence and liberty, as it is obnoxious to the prejudices of
those who have the greatest possible facilities for assailing it. (2)
Under these solemn convictions, I should be a faithless and trea-
cherous sentinel upon the watchtower of the state, if I were to lull
my fellow-citizens into fatal security by crying 'all's welt' when the
the incendiary, brandishing his torch, is in the very act of passing
the barriers of the fom tress with the purpose of putting fire to
the temple. It is in vain we labour (3) to transmit to our
children a barren inheritance of wealth if unaccompanied by a
adequate guaranty that they wilt enjoy it as freemen. And I
do (1) awfully apprehend that if we do n:,t now provide such a
guaranty, after all the admonitory lessons we have had from
experience, and all the portentous signs we have seen in the
heavens, (5) the next generation may not pass away before the
cries 'of our posterity, from amidst the smouldering and bloody
ruins of the state, will rise up in judgment against us."

NOTES BY OUR CottRESPON DENT.
(1) This whole paragraph requires explanation.
(2) Are the assailants the whites or the blacks?

(3) In South Carolina, a barren inheritance, we presume,
means negroes and cotton—in England it means nothing.

(4) Au;fully apprehend something beyond apprehension.
(5) Does be allude to the comet?

LIVERPOOL POL ICE.

Before the MAYOit, Mr. Ald. IlottsFALL, and Mr. Alderman

P. BoUUNE.
QUESTIONABLN Roarmar.--A young man of respectable
appearance was charged by a Mrs. Jones with a rubbery, under
the following circumstances. It appeared tram the statement
of the complainant, who resides somewhere near the New Flay-
market, and whose character is none of the best, that on Satur-
day night last the prisoner entered her house, and, after making
a disturbance, and using language of an abusive nature, walked
off with a valuable dressing-case. Information was given to the
watchman, who overtook the pi isoner in the Haymarket, with
the property in his possession. Mr. Davenport, the solicitor,
appeared for the prisoner, and on cross:examining. the com-
plainant elicited that the charge arose out of a disorderly trans-
action, the prisoner having been robbed by some parties in the
complainant's house, and, not being able to obtain restitution,
he had taken this mode of recompense. Under these circum-
stances the magistrates discharged him.

EXTENSIVE ROBBERY OF SILKS.—An experienced burglar
named Parker, his paramour, Anne Fagan, and two girls about
thirteen years of age, of the name of Derbyshire, were placed
at the bar on suspicion of being concerned iu a burglary cons-
Mitted in Great George-street on Sunday week. From the
evidence of Mr. Meredith, a silk mercer of No. 6, Great George
street, it appeared that his shop was broken open at the time
above mentioned. He had shut up his premises on the preced-
ing night, leaving all safe, and on the Sunday morning he dis-
covered that both back doors had been forced, apparently by a
crow-bar, by means of which the thieves entered the shop, and
stole a large quantity of silk and gauze handkerchiefs, expen-
sive shawls, &c. &c. Handbills, describing the property, were
published from the police-office, but no clue to the apprehension
of the thieves was obtained until within a few days, when Barton,
an active officer, from information he received, repaired to the
lodgings of the male and female prisoner, who occupied a room
in a house in which the father of the younger prisoners resided.
On his entering the room the male prisoner threw a bundle from
the window into the street, which on examination proved to
contain shawls and silk handkerchiefs. The property was pro-
duced in court, and identified by Mr. Meredith as a portion of
that stolen on the night in question. Batton, on searching the
prisoner Fagan, found a great number of pawntickets for shawls
and handkerchiefs pledged. Under the lied of the prisoners
was found concealed a musical snuffbox, which was also spoken
to as the property of Mr. Meredith, but which he did not miss
until found.by the constable. Various pawnbrokers attended
with the goods, and identified ail the
,prisoners as having ut
different times during the last week pledged the articles.
The Magistrates having asked the prisoners what they had
to say in their defence,
Puirker said that it Nasn't sick a very likely go, as be was to
go for to break a geminan's shop and prig the hankerchers. No
sich a thing, his As acter was above suspicion. The truth and
nothing but the truth, s'elp him, was, that as he was a going
along Great George-street on Sunday week, thinking no harm
of nobody,. and 'specially none to himself, he spied a large
bundle in an opening near St. George's Chapel. Here's "luck,"
said he to himself, this good Sunday morning, somebody's
dropped a bundil, I'll take it house
.and see if I can find the
owner. No owner, however, 'came, although he inquired of
every likely puma ; and so he thought that what Providence
had sent should not be chucked away, and he consequently pre-
served the prize by sending the greater portion to the pawn.
brokers.

Fagan said that she never was so extonished as when she seed
a strange man, with a red waistcoat, into her bed-room' cos she
never dreamed Charley Parker had bin a thieving. As to the
snuff-box being found under the bed, she was as innocent of it
as the child unborn, till she peered it play " Over the water for
Charley" iu the middle of the night. The handkerchief wet she
pledged, Chalky gave to her.
The two younger prisoners alleged, in defence, that the pro-
perty they pledged was given to them by Fagan. Having no
doubt that all the prisoners' characters were beyond suspicion,
the magistrates committed them for trial.

J UVRIIILE DELINQUENTS.—Two of the younger fry of pick-
pockets, one of whom was crying and making wry. faces, like a
monkey in convulsions, were charged with dicing into the poc-
ket of an elderly gentleman on Sunday last, and filching there-
from a bandanna.

" Ilow was the robbery committed ?" said the magistrate. •
" I cannot tell," replied the complainant; " and I did not
miss it until this gentleman informed we of the loss."
The gentleman alluded to then stepped forward, and ( whilst
the culprits were, with much
.pathos, executing a lachrymose
duet, interspersed with ejaculations of "Oh, dear me !" b. What
lies!" &c. &c.) said that he lived in Lime-'treet, and on Sunday
afternoon he was standing at the window, and observed the
complaitant passing. His handkerchief, which temptingly
peeped from his pocket, seemed. to attract the attention of the
prisoners and two other lads of a similar stamp, who dangled
in the rear, apparently watching for an opportunity. At length
a favotnable one presented itself, and one of the prisoners
("that's he that's crving the baldest," said the witness) insinu-
ated his hand to the pocket, and dreW the prize. The hand,
kerchief was then, in an hocas-poces-like manner, transferred
from one lad to the other, until it found a resting-place iu the
breast of the Itsser prisoner. •
Lesser Prisoner (wiping away his tears.)—What ! wi' me?
Well, that's a good nal Ilow eau you come for to go to have
the face to Fay the like o' that.
The witness then said that he came out of his house, pursued
the thieves, and succeeded in capturing the two prisoners; the
others escaped.
The Magistrate.—What have you to say to the charge?
Bigger Prisoner (still yelping.)—l never clapt eyes on the
wipe. I was a going to fetch a ski-lark from a chap to put in a
cage, as my mother knows, and 1 met with these chaps. Oh,
! oh, dear! oh, crikey !
I' he magistrates' clerk here said that the prisoner was one of
a bad and disoiderly gang. He had frequently seen him in
Upper Islington with thieves.
Mr. Whiny, the Superintendent of the Watch, said that the
prisoner had been before the magistrates more than a dozen
times. _ _ _

Bigger Prisoner (holding up his hands like a surprised Kan-
garoo. )—I was never here afore, and the polish officers knows it.
The officers of police did not appear to know anything of the
kind, but quite the contrary, as both the young gentlemen were
known to them as perfect adepts at their profession; and the
magistrates commuted them to three months' imprisonment as
rogues and vagabonds.

THE DEATH (POLITICAL) OF ABERCROMBY.
Words by a Prophetic Conservative.—Music by Braham.

RECITATIVE.

'Twas on that spot where Daniel raves untamed,
Where erst Pitt, Burke, and Canning held the sway,
O'er rads and whi, and various scamps beside;
But now by Peel and Wellington reclai&n'd,
Since England's King turu'd Melbourne's gang away,
And whig control, of public hatred, died.

AIR.
The humbug conspirers by Daniel were led
To that house where no soul minds a word that he's said;
But the friends of Sir Charles and the land rallied round,
And out-voted, out-gr.:a.u'd, Ahercromby was fouud.
The jeers of the rads, and the scorn of the wise,
Whistled round his fool's cap as he sank ne'er to rise :
It's all up, poor pals! (Ahercrotoby did cry,)
My party is done—and, alas! so ani 1." (-Age•]

AiliEft EQUIV,WAI...-Sit- Richard Nail,.le, when addressing
his Constituents utter his re-election for Westmeath, said his
distrust of, the tory ministry was so great, that if they were to
introduce a bill forth' repeal of the union he did not -think he
would vote with them;

SECOND EDITION.

Standard Office, Three o'Clock.

LIVERPOOL MARKETS.

CORN EXCIRNGE.—MONDAY, FEB. 9, 1835.
The supplies of Wheat, Oats, and Oatmeal have been
moderate from Ireland. Of Flour, the import has been
large. The Wheat trade has been dull throughout the
week. In Manchester market, a reduction of Id per
bushel was submitted to.—Oats and Oatmeal have sup-
ported the former week's currency.—Flour has met a
heavy sale, at is per sack reduction.—Barleys have con-
tinued to sell freely, at 4s rdl. 4s 6d 41? 60 lbs for malting.

Tt E.SDAY, Two O'CLOCK.

There was a limited sale for Wheat at this day's mar-
ket, at a decline of Id to 2d per bushel ; and for Flour at
Is per sack under last week's prices. Oats were also
dull, and ld per bushel lower. In Oatmeal there was no
alteration. Malting Barley was 1d per bushel dearer.—
The imports of Butter are 3324 firkins ; there has been
a better inquiry for fresh imported parcels, but stale qua-
lities continue difficult of sale. Bacon, Hams, and Lard
without alteration.
