WORSLEY COALS.

1E Public are respectfully informed, that arrangements
1 are now completed for the SALE, at the Duke's Dock,
Liverpool, of COALS and SLACK, from the Collieries of the
Trustees of the late Duke of Bridgewa r. Their quality will be
found, on trial, to be unexceptiona and they arc now an ob-
ject of attention to Householders, xporters, and Consumers
generally.

WORSLEY COKE,
Of superior quality, On Sale, as usual. •
JOHN SOTHERN, AGENT,
Office and Coal Yard, Duke's. Dock.

TO THE ELECTORS OF THE UNITED KINGDOM.

FELLOW COUNTRYMEN,
A N association of persons, styling themselves the Anti-
...M. Slavery Society, are endeavouring to dictate to you in a
manner which is quite inconsistent with the freedom of Elec-
tion for a Reformed Parlianient. They presume to publish
lists, pointing out the Candidates you ought to choose, de-
nouncing others as unworthy of your confidence; and they
hold out the terrors of Schedules A and B against all such as
shall krenture to appear, before you without a pasS from their
soefety; No insitteroAtow well qualified the Candidate may be
in point of general information, attachment to your local in-
terests, :la acknowledged liberality of character; he is to be
cast aside as wholly undeserving of your support, unless he will
prostitute his independence of opinion by giving a blind pledge
to vote, without inquiry, for the immediate unconditional ex-
tinction 420olonial Slavery.
It follows, of course, that if this dictation be submitted to, the
first nso you will have to make of your extended privileges as
EnOslune'n; must be not only to exclude from Parliament
every person connected with, or inclined to protect, the in-
terests tif,-:A large class of your fellow-subjects who have no
direct Representatives in the Legislature, but even so far as in
you lies, fci assist in confiscating their property.
Fellow Countrymen, suffer not yourselves to- be made the
tools of a party., however numerous they may be, or however
plausible their object. Be content with selecting honest men
for your Representatives, who will merely pledge themselves to
look at the difficult question of Slavery in its only rational
light; vii. as a system long established, enceuraged, and in-
deed originally enforced by the British Government in our
Colonies, which is to be exchanged for a better so soon as may
be compatible with the real welfare of the black population,
and with the rights of private property. •
Consider for a moment how little you an hitherto under-
stand the details of a system which, objec onable as it may be,
has formed the frame-work of Colonial society for centuries
past, and therefore how incapable you must be of instructing
your Representatives on such a subject, or they, if they be
honest men, of binding themselves to any course of conduct
respectine it. Are you aware that up to this moment the
Negroes have been accustomed to depend wholly on their
masters for home, food, clothing, for every thing necessary to
the support of existence from its commencement to its close ?
and have the Anti-Slavery Society been able to satisfy you
that in the present moral condition of the blacks, this habit of
dependence could be suddenly and safely exchanged for a
system of free labour; in short, that the Negroes are at this
in anent disposed to support themselves and maintain the staple
cu tivb.tion of the-Colonies, as a free peasantry? So far from
having satisfied you, it would appear that the Society them-
se ves have seine. misgivings on tins important point; tor they
do not seem disposed to let you wait the final result of two
Parliamentary Committees, which are collecting evidence as to
the Negroes' actual progress towards civilization: nay, they
.Isave even had the assurance to stigmatize as 'a "profligate ex-
„penditure of public money," the loan lately made by Parlia-
ment for the express purpose of enabling certain Jamaica
planters to resume cuitivation on their dilapidated estates,
which had heretofore furnished the means of supporting their
Negrcles; thus plainly evincing that the boon winch the So-
eifit9ixpect you to confer upon the emancipated blacks, is not
that cot profitable industry, but idleness.
It' you will he content to wait the result of Parliamentary in-
vestigation, the actual condition of the black population will
then, tier the lint time, be before you. Should it turn out that
they are still incapable of appreciating the benefits of industry,
looking to freedom only as to a state of luxurious inactivity,
then immediate emancipation would be to them what it has
been to the.blacks of St. Domingo, a bitter curse, commencing
iu bloodshed, and ending in compulsory labour, enforced by
"the drum .and the bayonet. Freedom to the Negroes under
such circumstances would necessarily be the destruction of all
profitable cultivation in our Colonies;_ the sacrifice of a trade
which now consumes five millions worth of our manufactures,
and employs one-fourth of our whole mercantile marine, and a
direct bribe held out to induce foreign nations to continue the
Slave Trade with all its horrors. But if, on the other hand, it
shout( appear that the Negroes have advanced in moral charac-
ter have acquired property, and are even approaching a state of
fitness for receiving the privileges of industrious free citizens,
then what will become of all the abuse which has been heaped
upon the head of the calumniated and nearly ruined British
planter? and how unnecessary will it be that you should add to
his embarrassment, by precipitating measures which must in-
evitably produce destruction and bloodshed, unless 'they are
conducted with the greatest circumspection.
The difference of feeling between the planters and yourselves
relates only to the time and manner of terminating slavery; all
good men must lament that such a system should have beeu
establiShed and encouraged by a British legislature : and if
considered as a national crime, it can only he expiated by
the nation giving freedom to the slave as soon as he may be
found capable of making a rational use of that blessing. But,
fellow countrymen, do not suffer the Anti-Slavery Society to
cajole you into the fatal belief, that the favour of Heaven will
attend this national atonement, if it be made at the sole ex-
pense of the unfortunate British planter. The specious prin.
.ciple which has been recently promulgated- for the sake of
covering injustice, viz. that "man cannot claim property in
the permn of his fellow man," may be applicable enough as
between the slave and the people of Great Britain; but it can
never invalidate the claim of the planter to due compensation
for the loss he may sustain, or the risk he may incur by the
abrogation of those laws under which he was encouraged to
purchase slaves from'British subjects brought to him in British
vessels, and the profits resulting from which traffic at this
moment constitute a part of the individual and collective wealth
of the mother' couhtry.
It would be idle to expect that the people of England can
escape from their full share•of this responsibility, so long as the
frame ef_se-meti is to he kept together : it is in the power of the
people to assist in making laws as well as in recalling them;
ut every honest judge and statesman will tell you, that if once
you introduce the precedent of sacrificing legally established
private rights for what may be considered the common benefit,
that principle will draw after it the speedy destruction of every
species of individual property;
G. W, & S. HIRBERT &'OO.

nAirtnsoNs, BARKLy,'-8(Co.
A. iiTEWART &

LAND.
FRASER, ALEXANDEE, NEIL-

SON, 8i Qo.
ALEX. & JAS. CAMPBELL &

Co.
W. R. & S. MITCHELL & CO.

b.a.v7s-o7t, & DAVI-

BROOKE, SMITH, & CO.
COLVILLI & CO.
REID, lEVING.,& CO.
TIMPERON & DORINSON.
HAWTHORN & SHEODEN.
MANNINO & ANDRHDON.
CAVAN, BROTHERS, & CO.
HANKET, PLUMMER, & WIL-

SON.
THus. & WM. KING.
JOHN DEPFELL & SON.
JOHN lIENRY DEFFELL & CO.
BOGER KYNASTON, JEN.
THOMSON OANEEI & CO.
ALEXANDER GRANT.
EDE, BOND, & P4ARSE.
Aces. E. PULLER & Co.
Billiter.quare.

SON.
HALL, APGAREL, CO.
BECKFORD & RANKEN.
W. HERVEY.
BODDINGTON & DAVIS.
THOMAS DANIEL & CO.
NELSON, ADAXI, & CO.
COTTAM & MORTAL.
CHAUNCEY & LANG.
R. J. GRANT & Co.

MOUND, in the possession of Two Persons who have been
.11 committed for Trial at the ensuing Borough Sessions :
One Silver double-bottomed WATCH, maker's name Wardley.
One Silver double-case Verge WATdii, maker's name Prior.
' One Gold single case WATCH, Makers, Du Bois' Fils.
' Two Silver TABLE SPOONS, marked J. with a Crest.
Two Silver TABLE SPOONS, not marked, shapattern.
Sint TEA SPOONS, J. B.
Six Ditto, M'lst.
The Handle-part of a GRAVY Sr 0 marked T. J. H. in
cipher.
One Silver Ttattam.E, one SEAL, with a Scotch Pebble, one
GOLD SEAL, one Baoocu, (Cornelian set in Gold), one StLvEa
BUCKLE.
One WATERLOO MEDAL, belonging to John Marshall, 28th
Regiment.
Any persons that may have lost any part of the above Pro-
perty are request/A to apply at the Police-otlice..

114 1 6 2
1 8 7 115 1
118. 3 2 7 0
2 11 11 4 0 11

2 4 7
3 0 11
4 9 S
7 0 3

This Seale ought to sup,-,rsede all others in eases of Annuity-,
or Leases for Lives, in which very low Rates for so long. a.
period as fourteen years will be found highly advantageous.
_ VOYAGES AND FOREIGN RESIDENCES.

Persons voyaging or residing abroad, Masters, Supercargoes,.,
and others, insured for the whole of life or for a specitii
vgtediNANCY, INFIRM HEALTH, AND OLD AGE!.
Females need not appear. The rates for diseases are mode.
rate, and Policies are granted to persons of advanced age..
Insurances may be effected without delay.
OFFICERS FOR LIVERPOOL.
Medical Referee, T. S. Traill, Esq. M. D.
Banker, the Bank of Liverpool.
Director's Correspondents,
G.
P
G. A'rKIN SON and TOWNITEYr
• - 21, Exchange Xll
Who, will transmit proposals of Insurance,3n4imaLiohilair
tad inihrmation may be bbtain P 4 ;-...
