Gospel of Christ, the lying papal superstition of doing penance
as a satisfaction for sin—subverting the very foundation of
the Gospel of Jesus—taking away the only blessed hope it
gives to the sinner's soul—making a slave of the sinner at the
feet of his tyrant the priest—not leading him to Christ for
salvation, but turning him from Christ to the priest and the
devil.
THE WICKEDNESS OF THE MORAL THEOLOGY
OF THE PRIESTS BY WHICH THEY CORRUPT
THE PEOPLE FROM GOD'S LAWS..
26th. Resolved—that the morals of Popery are as cor-
rupt as her creed is novel and her faith is false—that the
doctrines of her standard theology, which it is proved her
priests are drilled in by the 'bishops to guide the consciences
of the people, are demonstrated by their perversion of the
law of God, by their distinctions as to venial and mortal sins,
to give encouragement to thefts and lying.
27th. Resolved—That the atrocious principles of obscenity
in which the Popish priests are drilled for the purpose of
examining and enslaving poor Roman Catholic females in the
confessional are so horrible and revolting, that it is put to
all Roman Catholics who are made acquainted with them,
whethet they will ever allow their wives or daughters to go
to confession again.
28th. Resolved—That the principles on oaths and per-
juries laid down in the priest's standards of theology are
such, that no man whose conscience is guided by them could
be expected to speak or swear one syllable of truth when the
interests of Popery are involved in his word or his oath ; and
that Popish bishops and priests arrogate in this to themselves
all power over the human conscience ; that this is quite suf-
ficient to account for Mr. O'Connell's repeated violation of
his oath as a member of parliament, and for all the perjuries
that are committed by the pbor. Roman Catholics in Ireland ;
and that these perjuries are more fitly to be charged on those
who teach them than on the unfortunate people who commit
them.
ATROCITY OF THE POLITICAL PRINCIPLES OF
ROMISH BISHOPS AND PRIESTS, BY WHICH
THEY INFLAME THE POOR ROMAN CATHO-
LICS OF IRELAND.
29th. Resolved—That the laws for violating all contracts
with heretics, and reclaiming the forfeited estates in Ireland,
are laid down in the volume of Papal laws set up by the
Popish Bishops in 1832, by which the priests are to direct the
consciences of the people, and by which the Popish •Bishops
are to rule the Roman Catholics of Ireland, and that this is
quite sufficient to account for the restitution of this property
forming part of the oath of the unfortunate Ribbonmen, as
proved before the committee of the Lords.
30th. Resolved—That the laws for excommunicating the
Protestant Sovereign, and all authorities under the Sove-
reign, in church and state, being Protestants, and generally
all Protestants of all classes, are laid down in the same
volume of Papal laws by the Popish Bishops, by which the
priests are to be drilled to direct the consciences of the
people, and by which the people are to be governed, and that
this is quite sufficient to amount for the oath for overturning
the British Government in this country, and for all.the sedi-
tion and disaffection that can be found among the poor Rib-
bonmen of Ireland.
31st. Resolved—That the atrocious principles of perse-
cution and blood laid down in the standards of the priests by
their bishops, whereby they are to direct the consciences of
the people—that the same atrocious principles laid down in
the Rhemish notes which have been circulated by the Popish
bishops among the people as the infallible commentary on
the Scriptures—that the still more directly atrocious lawslaid
down by the Romish bishops in 1832, whereby it is expressly
stated to be the duty of these bishops to exterminate here-
tics out of their diocess ; and this on the authority of that
statute of murder and treason under which the Albigenses
and Waldenses were slaughtered in the twelfth and thirteenth
centuries—that these are quite sufficient to account for the
oath of the poor Ribbonmen for the ex:..:.ion of the
Protestants of Ireland, and sufficient to acc....ant for the mur-
der of the Protestant clergy, of Lord Norbury, and of all
Protestants who had fallen victims to the hand of the assassin
in this country.
32d. Resolved That the inculcation, by the Popish
bishops and priests, of their infernal principles into the poor
Roman Catholics, under pretence of religion, is quite suffi-
cient to account for all the guilt and misery of this wretched
country—for all the crimes and cruelties that disgrace it—
for all the heartburnings and party spirit that separate the
cordial warm hearts of Irishmen from each.other, and make
the inhabitants of Ireland more like the basest, darkest Pa-
gans than like men professing Christianity—that this is
sufficient to account for any bloody insurrection or rebellion
that such principles of Popish bishops and priests could
excite, and to account for all the various pretences by which
a paid tool of the bishops and priests, like Daniel O'Connell,
contrives for ever-to keep the poor people in a state of insur
rectionary ferment and organization, till it might seem
expedient for the Pope to give command to the bishops to
execute the law of extermination which they have laid down.
DUTIES OF THE PROTESTANTS OF IRELAND.
33d. Resolved—That the path of Christian duty is the
only path of public safety for the Protestants and Roman
Catholics of Ireland. That it is the duty of Protestants,
boldly and faithfully, relying confidently on their God, and
having no fear of man before their eyes, but in a spirit of
honest Christian fidelity and love to their poor Roman Ca-
tholic neighbours, to tell them faithfully the whole truth,
without mincing, or quibbling, or mocking them with their
pretences of infidel charity, or lying Liberalisuvor hollow-
hearted expediency, to show them broadly and openly the
full truth—to proclaim to them the full character, and prin-
ciples, and projects of those ecclesiastical tyrants and traitors,
that enslave and betray them, and make merchandise of their
immortal souls—to show them the lying novelties which they
impose on them for the ancient holy faith of the Holy Ca-
tholic and Apostolic Church—to show them- the lying im-
posture of their pretences to interpret the sacred Scriptures,
in which, " speaking lies in hypocrisy," they not only lie,
but know they lie, being perfectly conscious that they do not
know, and cannot tell the people, the church's interpretation
or meaning of one chapter in the Bible—to show them the
horrid atrocity of the secret standard by which these men,
who set themselves up as God to the poor people in the con-
fessional, are trained to instruct them in the principles of the
devil—to open to them the base and horrible obscenity with
which, under the mask of religion, they dare to catechise
their wives and daughters—to show them the public oaths
their bishops have sworn to respect the liberties, and pro-
perties, and lives of their Protestant-fellow-subjects, and
then to exhibit to the people the laws of rapine, cruelty, and
blood, which, in utter contempt of their oaths, in utter vio-
lation of all religion and all humanity, they set up in secret
for their priests to instil into the consciences of the unfortu-
nate people of Ireland—to appeal to the Roman Catholics,
to their common sense, to their understandings, their reason,
their conscience, their hearts and feelings as men, whether
such a system of villany can be the Christian religion—to
eilow them vaid.r. the IICIA,UII., of uu to—w 0.. t
aL-
Gospel of Christ and the morals of the Bible before them,
- •
in opposition to the superstitions, 'idolatries, and. crimes of
the Church of Rome—to make a public example of priest-
craft, perjury, obscenity, sedition, and murder—to call and
invite the Roman Catholics faithfully and affectionately to
come out from such a system of demoniacal wickedness—to
call them back to the true, ancient, Catholic, and apostolic
faith that flourished in Ireland before Popery, that foreign
harlot, set her foot on our shores—to open our arms to our
Roman Catholic countrymen, and call them to unite with us
in truth and love—love to our God, and love to one another.
DUTIES OF THE ROMAN CATHOLICS OF
IRELAND.
31th. That it is the duty of Roman Catholics boldly and
honestly like men to think for themselves—to determine to
be free—to compel their priests to stand out and defend their
religion, and to disprove all these charges if they be able to
do it—to compel Mr. O'Connell to answer them, and not to
pay him one shilling for himself and his family, or allow them-
selves to be driven by their priests like slaves, to vote for
him or his family at elections, or to be deluded' by his pro-
mises of good for the country when he and the priests are
keeping the poor people in poverty, and ignorance, and sla-
very—keeping up agitation under pretence of defending their
religion, and then afraid to defend it themselves—keeping
out capital, manufactures, employment for the people, rail-
roads, public works, all means of comfort, harmony, pros-
perity and peace, all the blessings of God, and all happiness
of man—all to keep up slavery and Popery, that they may
sell the bodies and souls of the poor deceived, oppressed and
ruined Roman Catholics of Ireland. That the pt-oplesbould
compel the priests to expound to them the Bible, that they
might see their ignorance of Christianity, and abandon then
and their instruction

That if God did not please to convert the priests they
might quit the country when the people saw through their
impostures, and go off to Rome to their master the "man of
sin." Then when the people were delivered from darkness
and slavery—when there was no longer, priest, mass, confes-
sional, scapular, hone-rags, nor relics of the papal apostacy
in Ireland, but the people brought back to the pure religion
of the days of St. Patrick,—then Ireland would be—
Great glorious and free—
First flower of the earth, and first gem of the sea.
Now, Sir, there are thirty-four glorious resolutions on the
Catholic and apostolic faith of the church to 1563, and on
the whole Papal apostacyfrom 1561 to 1839, and I repeat my
challenge on all or any one of those heads to you and all
your church—specify which your are able to debate—that
the people may see what you dare and what you dare not
encounter. If you have any sincerity in your religion for
your own souls—any suitable apprehensions for meeting God
in judgment, when you must answer for all these falsehoods
and superstitions at the bar of Christ—or any anxiety for the
Roman Catholics of Ireland, of whom you make tools, and
your priests make merchandize—then show yourselves men,
if you pretend to be men. The Roman Catholics will see
where the truth lies—they will see who are their honest
friends, and who the deceivers and impostors are that betray
them.

Now, Sir, es this letter will break down the pride and in-
solent audacity of your boasting, so may it, by God's mercy,
break through the searing of your hardened conscience, and
that of your priests and bishops ; and if you feel you cannot
answer before man, may you learn to tremble at the thought
that you may answer before God.
I prefixed to this letter an awful quotation from His Holy
Word, giving a picture of the Papal apostacy ; and I close
it with a quotation from your last letter to the Methodists,
which will test you at one sentence before the Roman Catho-
lics of Ireland :

" Those who entertain most absurd doctrines shrink from
controversy just as you do. They carefully shrink from ar-
gument and calumny."

This is your last ; you may make some more efforts in Po•
ities, but I doubt if you will ever make another in theology
ROBERT J. AI`GnEE.

STATE OF TRADE.
LEEns.--7-The demand for goods during the week has ra-
ther improved upon that of the previous fortnight, especially
fru- heavy goods. The general aspect of the market, on
Tuesday, was somewhat more buoyant than of late, and
wools were held rather firmer. The fine weather that we
have.since enjoyed will, no doubt,•tend still further to im-
prove our local markets.

BR.ADFORD MARKEV.—There was a numerous attendance
of merchants and commission agents at our market on Thurs-
day, and rlther more inquiries for goods, but the sales of
manufdctured goods were limited, and the market on the
whole considered flat, the buyers being reluctant to give the
prices asked by the piece-makers. In the Wool and Yarn
markets there was no material alteration as to demand, and
no variation of note in the rate of prices.
DEWSDURY.—On Monday last, more business was done
than for some time past, particularly in that description of
blankets called Headings. All were sold, and orders to a
considerable amount were given for more. In piece goods
very little business was done ; little inquiry was made after
them, and no advance in price can be quoted.
WAKEFIELD WOOL MARKET, AUG. 23.—We do not vary
our report of the wool trade from that of last week ; few
sales are passing, withont any alteration in prices.
YORK WOOL MARKET, AUG. 23.—The supply and de-
mand at this day's market has been about as usual—prices
nominal.

BARNSLEY.—The linen trade of this place is at present
moderately good, insomuch that no man has occasion to be
without work if he will take the trouble to look after it.
SADDLEIVOTITII.—The woollen trade has improved within
the last month. Fancies of all sorts (both for home and ex-
portation) cassimeres and fine cloths, are in particular re-
quest, and masters cannot obtain a sufficient quantify of
goods to meet the demand. Dyers, weavers, &c., are fully
employed, and wages are in a healthy, state.
LEICESTER TRADE.—There is no improvement in the de-
mand for goods. It is fortunate that the season for the Lei-
cester trade is at hand, or workmen ,would be discharged ;
but we do not expect that that will be the case. as the stocks
of goods are not considered large. Worsted is without al-
teration in price ; in wool but little is doing. The growers
are firm holder::, and, although the accounts from Yorkshire
are very gloomy, the country staplers are not disposed to
submit to lower prices: until they can replace, which they
cannot do at present. What little is doing in farmers' lots
is at from 335. to 36s.—Leicester Chronicle. .
