THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

they have been the strenuous and, perhaps, the disinte-
rested advocates ;,but we fear that they have uninten-
tionally struck a blow at the welfare of England, at her
supremacy on the ocean, and at the once unrivalled nur-
sery of her seamen, which they will. yet repent of in sor-
row and dismay.
National injustice never fails to carry with it its own
punishment. The guilty authors, it is true, sometimes
escape; but the decrees of heaven are unerring and ne-
ver-failing, even though the children of ,the third and
fourth generation should be the sufferers. The Parlia-
ment of England, ignorantly we concede, committed an
act of spoliation and injustice in 1819, and we who live
in 1833 are enduring the punishment of that error or
crime. The Parliament of 1833 proposes to rob the
planters and proprietors of the West Indies of upwards of
one hundred millions of property., The miserable com-
pensation which they offer does not exceed two-and-six-
pence in the pound ; and we may depend upon it that
this act of robbery will ere long recoil with direful effect
upon those whO sanction the measure, and upon the un-
happy country in which such flagrant injustice is sanc-
tioned by the popular voice.
It may be expedient to emancipate the slaves. But
what is this expediency ? The national will—" the ma--
tion wills it." Be it so; but the will of the nation is no
justification of the principle. Is it just that A, B, and C
should be robbed, merely to gratify the will, or enforce
the sentiments of D, E, F and G ? Mind, we are not here
arguing against neg.° emancipation. God forbid that
we should continue the fetters upon an ill-fated race one
moment longer than is necessary for their mental eman-
cipation, and the ends of justice. All that we contend
fur is, that before we release the slave we should pay to
his master the uttermost penny of his value. By " we,"
we mean the Parliament and the people of England.—
These last are the principal slave-traders, the slave-
owners, and the encouragers of slavery. It was in ac-
cordance with their legislative will and pleasure, and in
conformity with their several acts of Parliament, that
slave labour was resorted to in the transatlantic posses-
sions of the King. His Majesty's subjects were encou-
raged to settle in these colonies, and induced to invest
their money in the purchase of slaves, and in cultivating
the staple products of. a tropical climate. The money so
invested was the undoubted property of these persons. It
might have been expended in growing corn in Kent, or
in digging tin in Cornwall, or coals in Lancashire and
Northumberland. They were, however, induced, under
the sanction of acts of Parliament, to invest their capital
in slaves, and in sugar, coffee, and cotton plantations.
The investment, of course, became their property, and it
has been recognised as such from the time of the Charleses
to the present time.
But slavery is an odious thing—it is hateful in the
eyes of sensitive moralists and spurious philanthropists
—and being so, it should not be tolerated by an enlight-
ened nation. But who disputes this point ? Who says
that slavery is a desirable state of things ? If there be
men who maintain the affirmative, we beg it to be under-
stood that we are not of their order. We are as anxious
to see slavery abolished as any romantic maiden that ever
wept at Exeter Hall; and we believe we are ten times
more anxious than any of the canting hirelings who have
too long fleeced the public, under the protection of the
Aldermanbury Society. There are thousands of wretched
peasants who live in hovels, and. eat sea-weed and pota-
itoes, on the estates of Lord. Grosvenor, the Duke of De-
vonshire, and Lord Lansdowne, in Ireland. We deeply
Isympathise with these miserable beings, far more than the
priests who live among them ; but whoever proposed to
rob these noblemen of their land, or their property of any
kind, in order to ameliorate the condition of the peasant-
ry ? The situation of the parties—the land-owner in
Ireland and the slave-owner in Jamaica—is exactly simi-
lar. But we have one measure of expediency for our
white brethren in Ireland, and a very different measure
for our black brethren in Jamaica and Demerara. Why
should this be ? If slavery must be abolished, let it be
abolished by honest and just means ; and the only just
way to effect this desirable object is to give full compen-
sation to the planter and proprietor, and compel every
subject of the King of England to bear his just proportion
of the cost of this grand measure of emancipation.
If this be not done—if the present scheme of robbery be
carried into effect—then as foul a blot will be cast upon our
country, and upon the name of England, as that of slavery
itself; For let us never for a single moment forget that
when once a nation so far oversteps the limits of justice
as even to plunder the few under the pretext of benefit-
ing.the many, it sanctions a principle, which destroys
public credit, cramps industry, and exposes property of
every description to the necessities of the ministry of the
day=te the spoliatiOn of the unprincipled. demagogue, or
the ferocious rabble.

Fundholders of England ! this is a subject meriting your
serious consideration. If by the loss of her colonies Eng-
land should be unable to provide for her expenditure, what
become of Your dividends ? Do not be too credulous
about what has hitherto been called British honour. This
is a word which, for the future, must be charily used•vvhen
speaking of British statesmen. It is quite ,possible that
the simple promulgation of Mr. Stanley's plan will excite
a general rebellion in the West Indies. If so, the eman
cipation bill will' be carried into effect before it shall have
pLssed the Ho-uses of Parliament, and twelveyears before
is intended to carry, it into-operation. "(this should be
the unfortunate result, the havoc in the colonies, the ruin
at home, the suspension of business, the decline of the re-
venue," and the 'fall in the value of tbe funds, will be such
as no pen can describe. •
We :have already, in a former number, shown with
what apprehension the government and the people of the
United States of America look forward to this contem-
plated measure of emancipation. The inhabitants cif the
southern states of the union are all deeply concerned. in
this slave question. The planters of the. West Indies
know that they have a sympathising and numerous body
of fellow slave-owners in the republic. The scheme,
therefore, has opponents beyond the pale of the lords of
Downing-street- As to the Mauritius,. we are quite con-
fident that a general resistance will be made to the plan

and yet the government at home have neither soldiers,
nor ships, nor money to meet the exigencies which them-
selves have created. But we pause for the present—the
record being already black enough.

SOME wretched men are at present undergoing the or-
deal of a coroner's inquest, and they, along with others,
will, in all probability, be brought to trial for murder,
manslaughter, and other crimes, all arising out of the
proceedings of the political unions in London on yester-
day se'nnight. The persons who committed these
crimes were undoubted ruffians of the worst kind—lovers
of liberty—sons of freedom to the knife—bludgeon and
brickbat, patriots every oneall " honourable men," as
Brutus Was, who, nevertheless, was a cold-blooded and
heartless assassin.

If the murderer of Culley should be hanged, and the
villain who stabbed the sergeant of police should be
hanged, too, and if twenty or thirty more of them should
either be hanged or banished for life, this would simply
be an act of salutary justice, and society would be well
rid of such scoundrels. But while we say this, we are
also bound to admit, that it would have been no violation
of justice had his Majesty's ministers been placed in the
situation which these men at present occupy. For the
last two years these unions of the vile and the worthless
have been countenanced by the government. They
were, not more than twelve months ago, the very right
arm of the whigs. They were made the watch-dogs of
Lord John Russell, the guardians of the Greys, the har-
riers employed against us tories, the curs who barked and
Bowled in the rear of the ministry, kept them in office in
spite of their teeth, and forced upon them the reform bill,
as Meg Merrilies did the soup upon Dominie Sampson,
saying to them, in a voice of thunder—" gape sinners
and swallow !"

, Their mischievous power has ended as we foresaw it
would end—in riot, sedition, open violence, and murder !
They, however, are only criminals in the second degree.
The hoary receiver who tempts children to steal amber
or coral beads from the necks of other children, or pick-
pockets in the street—who tempts them by exhibiting to
them a handful of gold, and a promise of a liberal price
for. the articles so stolen, is a million times a greater cri-
minal, and a greater pest to society, than the poor crea-
tures whom he allures. They, however, are generally
punished while the instigator and arch rogue is permitted
to escape. Just so is it with his Majesty's ministers.
They have given the power and all the insolence which
now belong to these unions. They made use of their se-
ditious and even treasonable organization for their own
selfish ends; and to the nation they are responsible for
the crimes they have committed or may commit. It is in
evidence that Lord Althorp and Lord John Russell were
corresponding members of the Birmingham union. It is
in evidence ;that their friend and ally Lord Fitzwilliam
joined these unions in protesting against the payment of
the taxes. It is in evidence that letters franked by Lord
Grey himself, and addressed to the leading members of
these unions, were despatched during the mania of the
reform bill, calling upon them to agitate. This, then, is
quite enough. It sufficiently identifies the patron with
the agent—the receiver with the thief—the seducer with
his victim. We have it before us, plain and clear, that
these unions did the work of ministers, and received the
only meed of praise, which stirred them up to further
exertions, in consequence of that measure of reform
which compelled the sovereign to beg the services of men
who had deserted him at the hour of peril.
It is true that these unions are illegal and unconstitu-
tional ; but it is disgusting hypocrisy to tell us that this
fact never was discovered till within the last few weeks.
The truth is, that the struggle between the parties is a
mere trial of strength. The authors are anxious to burn
or destroy, in some way or other, their own works. The
unions have served the base purposes of the Grey admi-
nistration ; and, therefore, seeing the maturity of their
power, it is expedient to strangle thein or transport them
beyond seas. In short, they must be suppressed, or
there will speedily be an end to the monarchy, the govern-
ment, and the old bonds of society.

But what say the unions to this new regime ? They
have fed upon combustibles for so long a period, that
they will not easily be reconciled to the idea of swallow-
ing bayonets. They have indulged their own free will
so long'that it is no wonder they should wince at the
threat of being placed under restraint. Since the mur-
der meeting of Monday week we are informed that,
nothing daunted, they have resolved to meet in defiance of
the Government. Mr. Thomas Attwood has issued his
royal proclamation for a general muster of the Birming-
ham nailers and tinkers. It is a much more dignified,
and, apparently, a more official document, than that which
announces, the illegality at the London meeting, in the
name of the Secretary of State. The meeting was to
take place yesterday, in the vicinity of Birmingham, and
we shall probably be enabled to give an account of it in a
second edition • to-day. It is also said that a second
and more numerous meeting of the London unions was
to have been held yesterday. Of this, however, we are
more uncertain, and it will not be in our power 'to furnish
anything respecting it till our next.
The avowed object of these assemblages is the pre-
vailing diStress, and the necessity which exists on the
part of the ministerial people to keep faith with their late
friends, and repeal the assessed taxes. There is, we admit,
both sense and consistency in this.. The assessed taxes
were universally- condemned by . the Whigs, when un-
warmed by a seat on the treasury bench.• They were a
never:failing source of grievance. They furnished the
means for at least three or four motions, and three or
foUr miles of rigmarole, commonly called speeches,
during every session of Parliament for the last fifteen
years. Sir -John Cam flobhoUse has, to our certain
knowledge, fired .off fifty set orations against them ; and
yet this honest. politician had the effrontery to evade the
question Of their 'repeal on Sir John Key's motion.
Who can wonder, then,- at seeing the unions deter-
mined to keep the Whigs to their word, and insistingupon
a redemption of. • their pledges ? That contemptible
bungler, Lord Althorp, tells them that he cannot spare
tWo millions of the produce of taxes ; and yet this same

I
ment at home have neither soldiers,
cv to meet the exigencies which them- make a limn, or rather a gift to the West ra„...110
minister is assorting his ways and mean! '.lv.
. But we pause for the present—the )
• the.
y black enough. .by doling out, in the shape of compensation, il A
oan"
whom he and his colleagues propose to conslru
rupt pittance of two and sixpence in •the Pa_al • 1
den are at present undergoing the or- wonder, then, we say, that the unions are a
inquest, and they, along with others, disaffected. They have been miserably &Veto . d
lity, be brought to trial for murder, ble, ignorant, and dishonest as the members ,
other crimes, all arising out of the have a right to complain that they have beellyobb..
political unions in London on yester- treated by the Burdetts, Russells, Greys, "'II,
Ile persons who committed these Hawses, Lushingtons, Broughams, and, a kiabl,
ated ruffians of the worst kind—lovers services and placemen not one whit more resPec
b"--9.-....___
freedom to the knife—bludgeon and themselves.
"V
ivery one—all " honourable men," as '
..........
ievertheless, was a cold-blooded ' and
LOCAL,.
,i,
of Culley should be hanged, and the THEATRICALS.—Last night Sheridan Knowles_.Pfli-iie
d the sergeant of police should be Y'll"
theatre,j e' a
aTnadew°je. regretMantua,
t i that
twenty or thirty more of them should us from doing justice to either "play or playeis." d J ti's
,r banished for life, this would simply abounds in excellent scenes for stage effect; a.n,sod '4.-
Pierre's (Vandenhoff) description of the mountawjavoil b
y justice, and society would be well of Switzerland was exquisitely beautiful. Miss' scene uurtlie4
atshiewliadtuecneedssfoorfththeehho"tl, ries ,
els. But while we say this, we are tamed the principal female chrractcr, and
_inrt,h_ed,,, 0' 4,!1..,ir conk
t, that it would have been no violation she
ii
sn
g falselyna t
ascccournse do 7 f
consciousinfidelity toin
innocence,
cote,
titi°art ter,
."4Poursg
lajesty's ministers been placed in the of Mrs. Siddons in her best days. The charegcec.ls:l‘,
her by
nAinnto.onttie,
choenrtecmonpttensosuors ;exain)rdesaslosnhn 160
c:::: sic;
se men at present occupy. For the
3 unions of the vile and the worthless with the flashes of her eye and the agitation of hero, t„),;.
nanced by the government. They waspiee
piece is
noefetehsesafirlyystbtlurbeustwwe
we cannot
nhoehte
palds
ovu,:i. )!ri, v
n twelve months ago, the very right whose excellent acting in Leonardo Gonzaga
_wans,ll,7, `......_°", Po
They were made the watch-dogs of Predated eici:ai avtee da
nboyLhre
opportunity
y o Beforeseeing
nour
thisite xpt u li
erfuurul;i s---"---.'"
the guardians of the Greys, the liar- when we shall be able to give a more detailed ace
inst us tories, the curs who barked and
beauties. The house was well attended.
il, pi
ITALIAN SCULPTURE.—There have just been ..' •
of the ministry, kept them in office in Sea Nymph, from Leghorn, some beautiful speci'l'e
,st,'
and forced upon them the reform bill, sculpture, consisting of copies of the best subjecttesrinnd ,' 'l:4-
lid the soup upon Dominie Sampson, prfhaerteaxteßcuotpoen, Lloorfetnhcee;jarsntd.
oNrgirles,t aylabwaisii
beaolco
up ,)e
frk,
_L ek, oj a voice of thunder—" gape sinners Messrs. Winstanley and Sons, in the course of tie
exhibited for a few days to amateurs in virtu. Ee ------
~,,o?
present at i''' of A>,
is power has ended as we foresaw it thiEsGsaßcEr'eud"'N
eidliieu .
oßncHS—unda7wlaesrte., and were mach oft \,..
‘,..k,-;,,,,
, sedition, open violence, and murder ! its beauty and splendour. Great pain's appear
_t_';?,:,•
tsaeaktesnLoinreundoefrmthoerebaulillldpilnegwoirdntruttnal
snditsu,
,l'hs 0
only criminals in the second degree.
who tempts children to steal amber Notwithstanding the great size of the building, it!e'rle "-----.
the necks of other children, or pick- irtiodin we noticed a. mwoentasytethl7ttfeonfuettrtattict
reinuan)v,
ofotify,
;t—whof tempts them by exhibiting to men will attend it, and enjoy the pleasure of a lol2ilitfr
;old, and a promise of a liberal price tminoiset. i
mSperrelisci
ve
ewa
manner,performed p
tolen, is a million times a greater cri- to the building, in every part oofbmt3:vehriticiulhel hvioetie`;'e'a.sbjeuill,h%ceek •,,'....-..N.
n- pest to society, than the poor crea-
crzeprteetri do llf
etnleellsLanfitoomo kwfohrichtilshteemxtattiheealZethalvtgii spice
Ponta- `,
lures. They, however, are generally priate discourse. if he choir under the superinteqoeo : 1414
instigator and arch rogue is permitted ,
Clarke;auuitoy wasso .wractlilfi
) is it with his Majesty's ministers. whose powerful talents in the pulpit are so gener3lloo, "..4......
ecdinadsucwtae'sd,thaant dof%t-teteerseenida g,iii, . 4ge,
le power and all the insolence which FORGED Noras.—A number of five and ten P°ci ,
now it' for
' '`--------,..-_-
e unions. They made use of their se- Thef;l rfoiersgeorliesthwee were apnukt in ic England,ruao n areat Chestg ' ,t or t
e.asonable organization for their own instrumentality of the frequenters of the " Ile,5:fol? '''r 111
) the nation they are responsible for thattile citiyansd
plans by
e committed or may commit. It is in pool during the races, we know not; but it may ba,e;ote.
Althorp and Lord John Russell were forgehre,theseirntthoecrracruttioo.oe
isiaeiocfletuat shouldtiie exerciseforgeries caution in ianrethbeatflaykienfecoultod,ri 47
to
abers of the Birmingham union. It is signatures of " Draper" and " Lister."--= Liverrevitoi e,°14141..;
ieir friend and ally Lord Fitzwilliam GAMBLING DURING THE RACES.—WE are sorr.rio 1-,:,41„',.11 al
Sin protesting against the payment of county
vr
inthteerfemreagitsotrpautetsdofworn
the
organized
sny_nstrotr ef. , (.9,l;f.'ol'rti
t evidence that letters franked by Lord to which we called their attention in our last p(!bil,i,c., , l'iel°.usa
addressed to the leading members of atonwdnysiu,prionceiccle,tds.uri7:chtehxrastthweyeeksu,ewciethedg,:d
in I)
crrli, krti'ceilii,
despatched during the mania of the nefarious schemes into effect, we know not. W,cLot iii 1111,Tjia
upon them to agitate. This, then, is wcheareractoteor
soiflrethwi7i,
if not
ctoomomvierrttnioalllstotwon,ach.oantiethoweet ttli, Cal
sufficiently identifies the patron with swindlers. It is said, however, that the tables, als,ol°, --„'"pnY 1.1
civet with the thief—the seducer with the day as the night, were numerously attended,
... l, Jr' 4
pickpockets were as successful the table-keepfso 1, ............
we it before us, plain and clear, that tleman is stated to have had his pocket picked, te
a.
e work of ministers, and received the prehaer
tmb?ef_rtite
es;:iiturarev,is
eroef
imnonoTeLttofortchee
altd'l'vers,
se, which stirred them up to further to carry on their gdepreydations unmolested.—'lbid•
sequence of that measure of reform - -leti
NORTH WALES.—A daily communication, b 3 ' .117;
from this place to Beaumaris, Bangor; and Menalgf a,
e sovereign to beg the services of men commence on the Ist of June. This will be a grciiit" Oa'
.im at the hour of peril. ence to the man of business, and will give the ad"' ~ord - , i
stionna•eesqoutFtice‘eLeer);taread): access to a- country 11.1:3011' viii" 1'
sae unions are illegal and unconstitu- scenery in the world. Anothei of 1,
sgusting hypocrisy to tell us that this "The Leeds," is also to be dispatched in the month, ~Well
a pleasure-hunting expedition to the ancient city,.°3l,6 ,d, i.,
overed till within the last few weeks.
the struggle between the parties is a Passengers by the packet-ship Virginian; Cali' iAri
21 days from New York:—Mr. J. H: Hicks, lady, 'd r,',
fit. The authors are anxious to burn blrevs as
rns t. , b,fl,,,i,7olaonrlfliloNvlre.y,WofaAtoesrtßonak. e‘rielsasdrys• ,
,‘.1131f,, tio
:14ai
way or other, their own works. The Draper, Paton, Brower, and Philip, of Nov )05.i: Sc, p 4
1 the base purposes of the Grey admi- .I\v,r.eF'l 3 float; ,ot
Carlow,Leeds ;
Ireland;Aless rki
rJ.xtetxziaenrdeci:l
Nutt'
~...........
erefore, seeing the maturity of their Henry Wood, of Edinburgh.
---j '
;fit to strangle thein or transport them
%, l:
short, they must be suppressed, or MARRIED'.
tlie °I. '-'-'4.
.)e an end to the monarchy, the govern- n the
Liverpool, 7 ttho instant,mes
ay.,,,llritveirnejf Cthaepltaitien
Mr.rahjaoz,i 7f0,1„,
).41.,e a
ve
onds of society. chant, Irvine. . , tbety pr ',,lik,
Same day, at Newtonshaw, Clackmannanshire, b' of $, ' tis,i
unions to this new regime ? They William Fraser, of Alioa, Davy). Pitkethly, Esq., 'at-e/0. -,. '3
West Indies, to Margaret Ernes, eldest daughter of - t
bustibles for so long a period, that NeWtOnshaw,
li,fr' k
On Thursday last, at Formby, by the Rev. J. Bowro3 .
-be reconciled to the idea of swallow- Itimmer, brewer, to Miss Alice Gorstige, both of Ford'). I
T
ey have indulged their own free will l'l l..
‘ DIED-t, f,: 11,"ves
no wonder they should wince at the
On the Bth instant, at Paisley, in her . 88th year, Vilah-
et'l'':l' cinvN tl
iced under restraint. Since the mur- relict of the lately deceased Mr. Andrew Whyte, c001,!'r:,,,,r1!`,,, T'- I,k 1
ages of this couple amounted to 174 years. Jioth retal3,AP
onday week we are informed that, ties to the last. She was a lineal descendant, by the n'l ;or • 2,
ley have resolved to meet in defiance of theor tteeve'atras'enoe;leiravnier4eteiolausst Netor:yuftered on the soorjy .
Mr. Thomas Attwood has issued his On Wednesday, the Bth instant, aged 34 years, Mr. B'l'''
late of Demerara. givi .1
for a general muster of the Birming- same day, much respected, Mr. Richard White, of 13 i 0 1 `Viii
lkers. It is a much more dignified, to
ia- sr ,Pionnthis
ace
count
ma sgt3el. di, father to Mr. White, of New"
roil' ti i
.
nivirl odat y t alas, Dutton laileet.c
.Man, Mrs.
re, 4141: 1:111
lore official document, than that which m ,rn laa ss
D tat t tDonouorthilsstloewon le?
;ality at the London meeting, in the iiso4iTouentiolr A
rhoiisxl.odgings, in Toxteth-pitrk, (;",3 ;
,I.atr,lrei!
tary of State. The meeting was to
soon n
;liiiirsr. 2a4ikstur ilithe h;)lrisebclofnhis father, John lievjt, th?:3l at
y, in the vicinity of Birmingham, and Same day, after a protcted illness, Mrs. Johnson,,
Thomas lAtTlit),
e enabled to give an account of it in a 11711taser of
jtes°lnaie 1 Rev.A 1 oct'ilg
Chaplain
tolsSot.ri Tolueghiaiseeid4e, ,
day. lt is also said that a second tor of Liverpool. .• air'
\
Same day, aged 20, Thomas, fourth son of the lato • ----...,
Is meeting of the London unions was ter, of Lancaster: '' ' ,tee
. , Same day, aged 52, Mr. Holland Hesketli, Paradise-st
7esterday. Of this, however, we are • Aiii.
• - i '\..l,
I it. will not be in our power 'to furnish TO CORRESPONDENT°. ,i p.;he ,
it till our next. • .., of, Nt,
bIaOP,A 'la ')
A Tradesman who complains that we do not en, 600 of, 'lleiv
ect of these assemblages is the pre- advertisements some daub of black ink iii;the que,',;(fv'f) 1;0 rj
I the necessity which exists on the ?fa horse, a sa;rdeu-Tte,
.a dead i.loiloii, osr,d'of_U ti.o II
ial people to keep faith with their late is!nfoor
he assessed taxes. There is, we admit, which umgehdt noatlonger ttohitnegtsolleirlareadt.e a t`hat;cl9:otPo, '4:4'
lady's bonnet, for instance, is our correspoudel,',toeti v.
not to know that if a lady were to see such a u° po,rr
isistency in this.. The assessed taxes
her from ever enter.-PO 5 `,..,.....
:ondemned by .the Whigs, when un. bweousledenmoisnt columnsctheertai
on the treasury bench.• They were a owflliroersietsisssaaimidotno,bome
gates, wigs,
i,,Ss'oa"n'ilhboantintehts. qhellverbi,.. l'r.
n 1 ydete,rof some of our contero.a Iv
e
eof ' grievance. They furnished the of vulgarity, and our fashionable friends must 14e . A
three or four motions, and three or even in the, precincts of such places. . •
efai4o </f4i
If we were to comply with the request of a Cons pito .., ,
anarole, commonly called speeches, we should either be obliged to till the STAN nAg_t, 0r,,,
,Iv., •
fling to end with the letters of correspondle, 1)41.! ,4
ion of Parliament for the last fifteen
weekly a supplement as large as an ordinary ~;`-'it, lio, , art, ()
Cam flohhonse has, to our certain A are anxious to oblige ever friend, but we find ea s' ‘illitti?l:l,4:
letter is laughable enough, but it 1' ,1 'th
IF fifty set orations against them ; and
meat.
itician had the effrontery to evade the We must,- out of respect to our readers, and for th° ''
to
taste, decline imitating the paper alluded to. the bi' ~„
Teal on Sir John Key's motion.
•A. B. should send his letter to the proprietor of ' , to 'itje •
7, then; at 'seeing the unions deter-
Tjlio44 w„thii.
Vhigs to their word, and insisting-upon LIVERPOOL;—Pr:nted on Tuesdays and Fridays, in --' ve 9 • , -
their pledges ? That contemptible
,J.s(,)hmnusSitr vstr,enEdy,P.utisttenderatolf 07.,..i.111gn5-tr.-,:tert'o.7fifl ti:/'l‘ ;,'' 1(
liorp, tells them that he cannot spare Advertisements are also received by 'Messrs. Jol-c0.,:e0 ()qt.., Ji
Dublin; and in London by Messrs. NvwToN, ti„cct•Sv- tri:ty,
, produce of taxes ; and yet this same square, Newgate-,treat; arid Mr. BARKER, S 3, " va, 1
i,,ti'et
!.=
!I
•
