13arliament.

1101.16 E OF LORDS.—MoN nay.
Lord GLaNELG laid papers relativo to Canada on the table.
The second reading of the Canada bill was fixed for Friday.
Lord Bitocau am, in presenting& petition from Leeds against
negro slavery, gave notice, that, on an early day, be should
make a motion upon the subject, which, he hoped, would enable
their lordships to meet the views of the petitioners. The noble
and learned lord then entered into a long statement of the
evils result►ng from the present system of " head-money"
granted to the captors of slave vessels, in proportion to the
number of slaves on board the captuied vessels ; and contended
that it not only tended to aggravate the sufferings of the un-
fortunate beings who were the objeCts of that odious traffic, but
acted as an encourageinent to the slave trade.
The Earl of Mtriro and Lord GLENELG said, that the sub-
ject of the slave trade was under the earnest consideration of
the gnvernineut ; and, after a short discussion, the petition was
laid upon the table.—The house then adjourned to Wednesday.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.—MoN DAY.
GLASGOW COTTON SPINNERS.
Mr. WA R !Jilt presented the petition from the radical associ-
ation of Ma rylebone, which he had withdrawn the other day ou
account of its containing objectionable words. The petitioners
stated. that their only object was to serve the men, and they
fail not the slightest intention of insulting that house. The
pr.tyer of the petitioners was, that the counselor the prisoners
shouid be heard at the bar. He could not conceive a more ob-
jectionable principle than that that house should be made a
court of appeal from the courts of law. (Hear.) The present
was no doubt a case of very pressing importance; but he could
not make a motion in compliance with the prayer of the peti-
tioners. the principle it involved was so objectionable. He
trusted that the lmse would on a future day hear a statement of
this case from a person who was not a barrister, and not only
listen to it, but prove their inclination to do full justice to all
the parties concerned. The hon. member then gave notice,
that be would bring the subject before the house on Tuesday
next.
