THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

see-saw, like that of the Directory of France : he is an
honourable but a clumsy man—he is not "up to it: " he
is too honourable to play his part well, and toe weak to
refuse to play it at all. So his acts and words vary ac-
cording as Lord Plunkett or Mr. Blackburn may happen
to be nearest his elbow at any given time.

It may appear matter of wonder to some, that O'Con-
nell should desire to have him removed, when he has play-
ed the Liberator's game for him so admirably. But the fact
seems to be this. Directly the civil war in Ireland breaks
out—alas ! that we should be speaking of this, too, among
our probabilities ! Lord Anglesey will be a formidable man
to the rebels from his bravery, experience, and skill.
O'Connell sees that we are now drawing near that point—
and, therefore, he wishes his Lordship to be removed.
God in his mercy grant, that these may be but vain and
airy speculations.
The ministerial organ of Dublin, the Evening Post,
justifies the ejection of Captain Hart, and not only jus-
tifies it, but insults that gentleman for voting as he did
against a repealer, when he " eat the bread of the Go-
vernment" and " received the wages of the King."
And this, too, while my Lord John Russell at one end of
the kingdom, and my Lord Howick at the other, and
hundreds more of the offspring of whiggery in the inter-
mediate space, are denouncing the iniquity of any land-
lord's attempting to influence a< tenant.

We cannot now enter into a discussion of the general
principle, but, disgusted as we are by the conduct of the
whigs in reference to this very question of intimidation
by ejection, we offer a few short remarks to show, that if
it was hard for the Duke of Newcastle to eject a tenant
at Newark, far harder is it for the Government to eject
Captain Hart: yet the whigs revile the one, and ap-
plaud the other.
In the first place, he voted not so much for Mr. Lefroy
as against a repealer, and Lord Anglesey ought to know,
if Lord Plunkett will permit him, that he was guilty of
great ingratitude in what he did, inasmuch as the Orange-
men did their utmost throughout Ireland to return whigs
in preference to repealers, and lent them a support with-
out which we believe scarcely one of them would have
escaped defeat at the hands of the O'Connell party.
In the second : if we are to suppose the admission of
any other motive besides conscience as the arbiter of a
man's vote, the case of Captain Hart was much harder,
because the service rendered to Government is just
bought and paid for, little more than a connection of pro-
fit and loss, while the conduct of a landlord towards his
tenant in general, and certainly that of the Duke of
Newcastle, as is notorious, in particular, is one of libe-
rality and indulgence, so that gratitude may well be ex-
pected to have weight.
Thirdly : tenants who have been ejected—and few in-
deed and far between are the cases—have commonly
been men who by their station, and the necessity for ma-
nual labour, have been precluded from political informa-
tion and thought, and who, therefore, could scarcely be
said to hold political opinions, properly so called, though
they might be the subjects of prejudice or passion; but
Captain Hart on the contrary is, by his station, a man who
must have the means of studying public questions, and
with whom, therefore, it is at least more arbitrary to in-
terfere.

Fourthly : a tenant is ordinarily of the same mind
with his landlord, not from corrupt motives, but from
community of interest, as well as habit and attachment;
and he for the most part lives under the same landlord,
and, therefore, he is not required to change his opinions
periodically.. But we may have a change of administra-
tion every year, and surely it is rather hard for a man to
be called upon to change with the administration, be-
cause this, in such a case as Captain Hart's, amounts,
we fear, to a direct violation of conscience.

Lastly: it is asserted.that Captain Hart's office had no
connection -.whatever with politics. If sa, so much the
worse. Be that as it may—for we cannot state it as
matter of fact—we have said enough, we conceive, to
expose the iniquity of tin whig professions as regards
the freedom of voters. Signally indeed has it been exem-
plified in this town.

DAY OF THANKSGIVING—There has been, perhaps, no
one act of the present Ministry which met with a more ge-
neral approval, by the rightly-minded portion of the
community, than the setting apart a day for national
prayer and humiliation, during the prevalence of the
awful disease which has so , recently visited Our land. It
is, however, a matter of deep regret, that since the re-
moval of that disease, no' day has been yet set apart for
national thanksgiving.
As a christian people we did well, when the Lord's
hand was upon us, to humble ourselves and seek by
prayer the removal of his rikhteous. judgment. And
now that our prayers have been heard, and the pestilence
is banished from our shores, is it reasonable—is it con-
sistent, to withhold from God the expression of our
thankfulness ? If, like the cleansed lepers, we return
not to give glory to him who has healed us ;—the hand
that has healed, may smite us yet again. There remains
sin enough to make us tremble for our country; and if
God's purpose in the late visitation has not been accom-
plished—if the people repent not—there are other
judgments—" the famine and the sword," which may fol-
low quick upon the pestilence. Most earnestly do we call
upon our friends, and especially upon the ministers of re-
ligion, to exert the influence which they possess, in the
proper quarter, that an early day may be appointed, for
national thanksgiving. Other nations have already ren-
dered this reasonable service, and it has been well said :

" If there be one nation on the face of the earth which more
than another ought to be foremost in the acknowledgment of
God, it is Britain—Britain, whose shores have been for ages
encircled as with a wall of brass, and protected from the in-
vader's sword—Britain, into whose lap have been poured the
commerce and the treasures of the world—Britain, whose career
in arts •and science and every useful department of knowledge
has only been eclipsed by the glory which belongs to her as the
first Protestant nation in the world—the depository of the truth
of God amidst the darkness and superstition of a benighted
world."

LORD SANDON.—A paragragh has appeared in several of
newspapers, originating, we believe, with the Record, in wl
it is insinuated that our noble and excellent representativ
influenced in his views ai to the rights of the planter by
lordship's father, the Earl of Harrowby, being a proprieto.
West India estates. It seems, that the anti-slavery gentry
alone to get credit for disinterested and conscientious mote'
The fact, however, is, and we are authorised to state it,
neither Lord Harrowby nor any member of his family is n
or has been at any time, possessed of West India prope
i
Lord Sandon has no bias upon the question but what is dicta
by justice, humanity, and sound commercial policy.

. - -
GENERAL SIR BANASTRE TARLETON, Bart., Governor 01
Berwick-upon-Tweed, and formerly Member of Parliamoil
for the Borough of Liverpool during seven sessions of Po
liament, died on Wedriesday, the 16th instant, at Lent•
wardine, in his 79th year. The following memoir of the gallaal
general We extract from a Magazine' of the month of Marth,
A.D., 1782, at which period he was in the zenith
,of his fame,"
"This gallant officer is the second son of the late Mr. John
Tarleton, an eminent merchant at Liverpool, who designed big
for the profession of the law, and gave him a suitable educe,
tion; at a proper age he was sent to Oxford, and from theneg
he removed. to London, where he entered himself a student el
the Temple. He continued his studies for some time, but it it
said, not with that assiduity which is requisite for success lo
such an arduous and sedentary walk of life. With a lively ge
uius and a volatile disposition, he was soon drawn by gay corn'
panions into the vortex of fashionable amusements, and by, 01
eager pursuit of them, exhausted his finances. In this situ&
tion he turned his thoughts to the military line, and being intii
mate with several gentlemen of the army, expressed a desire ta
go over to America as a volunteer. A request of this naturl
from a young gentleman of his promising appearance was red'
dily complied with by the commander-in-chief of the army, to
whom he was recommended, and he embarked with one of thi
annual reinforcements sent to Sir Henry Clinton; but we aft
not informed exactly as to the time of his leaving England, 01
of his arrival in America. However, he soon gave such signal
proofs of his aspiring genius, and personal intrepidity, thali hi
was appointed to a command, and the first laurel fie gainet,
was by surprising and taking prisoner the famous Gener&
Lee, who, at the commencement of the war, deserted hi!
commission in the British army, went over to America, ant
entered into the service of the American Congress. Fe!
this gallant action, we believe, he was raised to the rank
lieutenant-colonel on the American establishment. In the yea'
1780, his military exploits were so rapid and so extraordinary'
that. we had scarcely any advices from Sir Henry Clinton (!I
Lord Cornwallis in which his name was not mentioned, and hi'
corps distinguished in a very honourable manner. It appearl,
by Sir Henry Clinton's letter to Lord George Germain, date,
Charlestown, South Carolina, May 13th, 1780, that on the 811
of the preceding month, Lieut.-Col. Tarleton greatly contribn
ted to the taking of Charlestown, by forcing the rebel miliut
with his cavalry and legion infantry, and gaining possession d
Biggin's-bridge, over the river Cooper, by which means thi
supplies intended for the town, and all reinforcements from tlit
country, were cut off. It does not clearly appear in the dee
patches, nor by any public accounts, what the precise idea of
legion is in the armies of America. They are not such hill
bodies as the Roman legions: they consisted of 6000 men, an'
were composed of citizens; whereas Tarleton's whole ford
seems not to have consisted, at anyone time, of more than 3,/'
men, part of them cavalry, and part infantry ; called the legion
we suppose, from being volunteers; and this legion was occr
sionally mounted and formed into a body of light-horse for put''
suit. Accordingly, we find that he was detached, upon the sue'
render of Charlestown, to scour the country, and had the brave
to attack a superior body of the enemy's cavalry, when he t
and killed about sixty; the rest fled on foot, and lie got pot'
session of every horse belonging to the corps. On the 30th
May, after an almost incredible march of 105 miles in two dO4l
from Charlestown to Warsaw, he defeated the rebel force cod!"
manded by Colonel Burford, which so greatly exceeded bit
corps, that the number of the killed, wounded, and prisoners, Cr
ceeded that of the whole force with which lie attacked the eneior
But the most astonishing of all his achievements was, his dr
feat of General Sumpter. Lord Cornwallis had gained a coo'',
plete victory over General Gates, near Camden, in which Tali
ton had a principal share ' • this action happened on the 16th J
' August, and on the 18th, Colonel Tarleton, who had march
to find out General Sumpter, came upon him by surprise Pi
noon-day, and defeated his whole detachment, which consist,
of 700, of whom he killed 150, and took 200, yet his whole fortj
amounted only to 330 men. In the victory gained by 1.11
Cornwallis over General Greene, at Guildford Court-house, of
the 17th of May, 1781, he is again mentioned in terms of tir,
highest honour,—'his appearance and spirited attack entitl,'
•buted much to a speedy determination of the action.' To sull
up the whole in a few words, never were so many gallant as
tions performed in so short a space of time, by any officer in
inferior command, in any age or country—and so young—Cal
he is not quite twenty-eight years of age. He was one of th
glorious little army which disputed every inch of ground melt
their great commander, Cornwallis, who, for want of timely
inforcement, was obliged to surrender at York-Town. Colonl
Tarleton has received several wounds, and having lost two °
his fingers by the stroke of a sabre, he rides with one hand 1
his pocket."
