HOUSE OF COP/ PIONS.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 18.
Upwards. of 20 members took the oaths and their seats.
Election Petitions, against the returns for the boroughs of Knares-
boroug:h; Launceston, and Stafford, were presented, and ordered to be
taken into consideration on the 14th of -March ; and,against the re-
turns for. the city of Norwich and the county of Longford, to be taken
into consideration on the 19th of March.
Petitions were presentedfrom the city of Kilkenny, complaining of
abuses in the corporations thereof, by Mr. Fit ;—from Robert
Franks, a member of the Merchant Tailors' Company of the City of
'London, complaining of abuses in that body, by Mr. 'HILL ;—for a
more strict and holy observance of the Lord's-dayt from the Town
Council of Dundee, from theyarish of St. Andrew, in that town, and
from the:Presbytery of-Perth, by Mr. Jourisox ; from -Elgin, by Col.
HAY ; from the city of York, by Mr. DUNCOMBE ;--against the asses-
sed Taxes, from 1000.. persons, inhabitants of Kidderminster, by Mr.
GODSON ;'from 'Wolverhampton, by Mr. FREER; from the City of
'Lyndon, by Sir JOHN KEY ;—against tithes, from several parishes in
Monmouthshire, by Mr. WILLIAMS; from Ardagh, in Cork, by Mr.
Fergus O'Corixort ;—,for the immediate abolition of negro slavery,
from a place in the West Riding of Yorkshire, by Mr. STRICKLAND ;
from the city of Durham, by Mr. HARLAND • from Rochdale, by Mr.
FENTON ;7-for the Repeal of the Legislative Union, from Navan, in the
county of Meath, by-Mom:au O'ConsaL ; for restricting the hours
of labour in Factories, from Idle,44Yorkshire, by Lord, ASHLEY,
Mr. EWART presented a petition :in favour of a national system of
, education, And in favour of the system of Messrs. Smith and Dolier,
signed by • the mayor of Liverpool, several of the magistrates, and
many members of the different religious denominations in that town.
The hon. member said, that as His Majesty's ministers had already
adopted, in the last session of Parliament, a plan of national education
with regard to Ireland, he trusted that a very short time would elapse
until a - similarly, general system .were adopted in England. It was
with great-satisfaction he observed that there. was a notice upon the
subject from an hon. friend of his upon the hooks, and he would only
add, impressed as he was that the best tuode of diminishing. crime
consisted in the diffusion of education, that to such a =lron he
would give his cordial support.
NOTICES OF 'MOTIONS WERE orviari.:—By MY. HALL, annuity to
the King of the Belgians. Feb. 21 ; by Lord ALTIIORP, commutation
of the tithes bill. deferred
,to Feb. 26 ; by Mr. Locn, Scotch burgh
police, March 12 ; by Sir J. KEY, repeal of the house and window
duties, March 22 ; by Col. HAY, committee, on Scotch excise laws,
March 26 ; by Mr. J. GRATTAN, condition of the Irish peasantry,
March-29 ; by-Idr. C..BuLLER, evidence in controverted elections bill,
April 25 ; and another, as to disputed points -of law at such elections,
fur the same day ; by Colonel TonEuris,-repeal of taxes which lower
the rate of profit upon capital, or which Are-paid out of the wages of
labour, May 2 ; by the same, gentleman, committee on the commercial
policy of the country., May ; and by Mr. A. JOHNSON, clauses in
the Church of Ireland reform bill, " that any surplus that remained
over, after paying -for the services of the incumbents, shall be
devoted to the purposes of general education.and charity in Ireland,
and also that the grant to the Catholic college of- Maynoeth shall be
discontinued." (" Hear, hear," from 'Mr. O'Connell and several of
the Irish ineurbers,)

TAXATION.
Lord ALTIIORP moved the order of the day for bringing up
the report of the ethuntittee of supply.—The order having been
read, •
