ti `,

T H E

BARGAINS!!!

NINETY -SIX LADIES' REAL ROSEWOOD
WORK BOXES, lined with S. ,
(Very Superior to the Toy Shop articl- Large Size,
ss. 6d. ; Small, 3s. 6.
SIXTY-SEVEN REAL ROS y> •OD DESKS,
equally Cheap, viz., from Bs. (. anted sound.)
TWO HUNDRED LADIES' ROSEWOOD WORK

BOXES,
an extra quality, from 10s., 155., and 19s. Better cannot
be made at any price,
A Lot of Extra Good
ROSEWOOD DESKS, _
_ _ _

at 163. 6d., 225., 295., and 375.; very prime Wood and
Extra Finish. These are the GREATEST BARGAINS ever
offered, and to be had only at
GLASGOW HOUSE,

CHURCH-STREET.

THE NEW TEA ESTABLISHMENT,

IN THE
ROYAL BANK BUILDINGS.

TO THE NOBILITY, GENTRY, CLERGY, AND
ALL LARGE CONSUMERS OF TEA.

arrange-
bYA L BANK

WE beg leave to announce that we have ma
ments, adjoining our Wholesale Offices,
BUILDINGS, to
SUPPLY FAMILIES WIT EAS,
which will be conducted in many resp c different from the
general system of the Retail Trade.
Unlike Colonial products,—such as Sugars, &c.,—Fami-
lies, when purchasing Tea, can be no judges of quality from
its appearance ; therefore, to be enabled to procure it in its
pure state, and at the lowest remunerating prices, has become
a matter of the first consequence.
Since the expiration of the East India Company's Charter
(1834), a thorough practical knowledge of this Trade has
proved most beneficial, owing to the system of deception
now pursued on the part of the Chinese in the art of dress-
ing Tea, and thereby_giving it a fictitious appearance. This,
in conjunction with the complete expulsion of the English
from China, operates seriously ; so that the importing Mer-
chants at present are obliged to tranship their cargoes, with-
out time or opportunity to exercise their judgment in the
selection, as hitherto privileged to do in the British Facto-
ries at Canton.
Our great object will be to supply to the Consumer such
qualities as shall insure confidence.
BLACK TEAS.
8. d .
. 4 6

Common Congou

This is the lowest
Preferable Do., strong blackish leaf 4 9 S article that can
berecommended.

Ditto, East India Co.'s imports,
rather delicate Souchong kind 4lO
Stout rich Congou, Pekoe Sou-
chong flavour.
* * FINEST CONGOU, wiry, black-
ish leaf, full rich Pekoe Souchong
flavour. 5 3 Recommended
Full ripe Lapsang Souchong 5 8
Very rich burnt Orange Pekoe,
small curled black leaf 6 0
Bohea
GREEN TEAS.
s. d.
5 4
6 9

Imperial Gunpowder
Gunpowder, small glazed leaf
FINEST GUNPOWDER, small close
twisted leaf.
Goodnyson Twankkinay.d 5 4 6 Hyson Skin lower
Young Hyson, very common, not
recommended.
FINEST OU CHAIN, small close
twisted wiry leaf, Gunpowder
flavour
Genuine Hyson. 5 4
Fine Hyson, fresh and full flavour. 5 9
Finest Cowslip, rich and delicate
flavour..
COFFEES.

This branch of trade affords ample scope for advantageous
competition ; the imports of late have exceeded all reasona-
ble calculation. We shall introduce the same system in this
article as in Tea ; and respectfully request attention to the
following kinds, which can be recommended :
s. d.
Good useful Coffee 1 6
Fine fine Jamaica
Rich and full old East India flavour 1 10 Recommended.
Mocha Coffee
Roasted daily. We recommend it in the whole berry.
Though Liverpool is unquestionably the second port in
the world, it is a remarkable fact that throughout England
there is no place where the public have reaped less benefit
from the free intercouse of trading with China than in this
town. _ _

As we have intimated above that this undertaking will be
conducted upon an improved system of business, it is our
duty to state that the public will derive an advantage of
TWENTY PER CENT. IN PRICE, with greater SECURITY AS
TO QUALITY, VIZ.:—
The particular descriptions of Tea drank by nine-tenths
of the population are—
s. d. This Tea possess-
es much strength
Fine stout Congou 4 9 combined with
brisk full flavour.
Stout rich blackish leaf.
The finest Congou ditto, full l 5 3 f Very fewwouldre-
ripe Pekoe Souchong flavour I 1. quire better Tea.
e have thus given you an outline of a concern based on
the principle of small profit, with the view of giving the in-
habitants of Liverpool and its neighbourhood the same ad-
vantages which have so long been enjoyed by the citizens of
London.

Orders sent us, by post or otherwise, from those who can-
not favour us with
.a personal call, will be delivered the same
day, within two miles of the Exchange. PAYMENT, CASH
ON DELIVERY.
Country Orders, accompanied with a remittance or Bank
order. will be immediately attended to, in a manner that will
prove us to possess full claims to the confidence of the pub-
lic.
In original Packages, the OVERWEIGHT or DRAFT grant-
ed to the Traci,: will be allowed, generally 21bs., and often
more, on a Chest of SOlbs. ; and on smaller Packages in pro
portion.

ROBT. ROBERTS and COMPANY,
WROLESALE TEA-DEALERS,
Nos. 1 and 2, Royal Bank-buildings,
Near the Exchange.

*** In consequence of very many Families experiencing
great inconvenience in finding our Retail Department, we
deem it expedient to he more explicit in stating our address,
which is as follows :
" The SECOND DOOR on the Right-hand side, up the
GATETVAY leading to the ROYAL BANK, and directly
Opposite Exchange-street East."

HOURS OF BUSINESS FROM NINE TO SEVEN

O'CLOCK.

ROBINSON'S PATENT BARLEY, AND PATENT
GROATS, recommended by the Faculty. Patronized
by the Queen and Royal Family.
The attention of Mothers, (especially during the period of
nursing.) Invalids, and Families is particularly called to the
above Patent Articles, being the purest Farinre of the Oat
and Barley ever produced, deprived of their fermentative
properties by a steam process.
ROBINSON'S PATENT BARLEY cannotbt equalled
by any article for
making pure Barley Water in,arfew minutes
all impurities being rejected, it is rend ere* more palatable
than Barley Water made with Pearl Bay. It is an excel-
lent adjunct with milk for the breakfast table, highly useful
for culinary purposes, light suppers, making delicious pud-
dings, thickening soups, also with the addition of lemon
juice and sweetened, forms a most grateful beverage.
ROBINSON'S PATENT GROATS, are universally
esteemed for making a delicate Gruel; and both the Groats
and Barley are a nutritious food for Children, and those
suffering under difficult digestion.
CAUTION.—The Patentees, having received a Special
Warrant of Appointment as Purveyors to Her Majesty, con-
sider it a duty they owe themselves and the Public, to put
them on their guard against imitation, and respectfully to
point out, that on each Genuine Packet are placed, in addi-
tion to the Royal Arms, the words " By Royal Letters
Patent," and the Signature of " MATTs. ROBINSON.
Manufactured by ROBINSON and BELLvILLE, 64, Red
Lion street, Holborn, London, and sold retail by all respect-
able Druggists, Grocers, Oilmen, &c. in town and country.
Country Dealers are requested to be particular in ordering
" Robinson's Patent."

BULLOCK'S CAMPHOR TOOTH PASTE.
THIS beautiful preparation has been established upwards
of eleven years. The distinguish pa onage which it
has received from families of distincti.7l: er since its intro-
duction to the public is alone sufficien o stamp its merits.
It is the best composition for cleaning the teeth, preserving
and strengthening the gums, and preventing the toothache.
The teeth, however foul and discoloured by neglect, will, on
using the paste a short time, acquire a beautiful whiteness.
It removes scurvy, and sweetens the breath.—Prepared only
by Mr. BULLOCK, Family Chemist, 3, lower end of Princess-
street, Manchester. To be had retail of Mr. PRIESTLEY,
Druggist, Lord-street, Mrs. CREW, Library, Castle-street,
MAYNARD, Bold-street, WAGSTAFF, St. James's-street,
LLOYD, Parker-street, and W. W. KING, Soho-street,
Liverpool, and all respectable Chemists, Medicine Vendors,
and Perfumers, in pots, 2s. each ; Wholesale Agents, Messrs.
BARCLAY, Farringdon-street, London, and Messrs. EvArrs,
SON, and Co., Lord-street, Liverpool.
N.B.—Be aurc to ask for " Bullock's Camphor 'boat
Paste."

SHEFFIELD, ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE, AND MAN-
CHESTER RAILWAY.
CALL FOR EIGHTH INSTALMENT.
rPHE Directors of this Company having resolve o make
11 a call, under the provisions of the act of par • ment, for
an instalment of £lO per share, notice is h r y given, that
the several proprietors in the capital stoc the said com-
pany are required to pay the said call or s I'D of £lO, on each
of their respective shares, on or before the 9th day of Novem-
ber next, to one of the undermentioned bankers, viz.—
Sheffield— . Messrs. Parker, Shore, and Co.
Manchester.. The Manchester and Liverpool District
Bank.
London .Messrs. Rogers, Olding, and Co., and
Messrs. Smith, Payne, and Smith.
Interest, after the rate of five per cent. per annum, will be
charged by the bankers on all such sums as shall remain un-
paid after the said ninth day of November next, until pay-
ment thereof.
The Directors take this opportunity of stating, that £5 per
cent. per annum is allowed on all sums paid in advance.—By
order of the Directors,
CH A R.I.RS TH OM SOlii Clerk an Secretary.
15, Piccadilly, Manchester, 7th ctober, 1164 U.

GAS! GAS ! ! GAS !! !
A NEAT GAS TWO-LIGHT WATER-SLIDE,
At Thirty-nine Shillings,
Superior to that sold at Fifty Shillings.
A VERY ELEGANT TWO-LIGHT WATER-SLIDE,
At Sixty-three Shillings.
These are on an Improved Principle, and are warranted
superior and more perfect than any hitherto offered to the
Public. To be had only at
GLASGOW HOUSE,
CHURCH-STREET, LIVE 00L;
OR, WHOLESALE, AT 27, LLDGATE-H L, BIRMINGHAM.
OBSERVE!
THE NEW STOCK OF CHANDELIERS

For Drawing and Dining Rooms, of NOVEL. DESIGN, are at
moderate Prices, for an Article which will be guaranteed.
N.B.—GLASGOW HOUSE SOLD OFF THEIR LAST
YEAR'S STOCK.

ADDRESS OF THE ENGLISH AND AUSTRIAN
ADMIRALS TO THE GOVERNOR OF BEY-
ROUT, AND HIS REPLY.

Roads of Beyrout, Sept. 11.
EXCELLENCY,—We, admirals of the Anglo-Austrian
squadron, acting according to the instructions of our re-
spective governments, and in the interest of his highness,
the Sultan, hold it our duty to lay before your excellency
our earnest desire to avoid all effusion of blood ; inviting
your excellency to withdraw your troops from Beyrout,
and to consign the town to our joint forces, to be by them
protected and delivered to his highness, the Sultan.
Your excellency will have seen, in the fire of our ships
yesterday, but an example of what we shall be obliged to
do.
The fire was not continned this morning, in order that
your excellency might take advantage of, and, after mature
reflection, decide in conformity with our merciful intentions,
that the innocent inhabitants be spared the unavoidable
consequences of the means which we shall be forced to
adopt. We entreat your excellency to send us as speedy
an answer as possible.
Your very humble and obedient servants,
ROBERT STOPFORD, Admiral-in-Chief.
BANDEIRA, Austrian Rear-Admiral.

ADMIRALS,—You are acquainted with my orders ; and,
after the refusal which, as was my duty, I returned to the
proposals made me in the name of your governments to
betray my master and benefactor, it was impossible to
suppose that I should act in opposition to his wishes.
As you observe, I was enabled yesterday fully to appre-
ciate all the extent of evil it was in your power to bring
down on innocent families, strangers to the present mis-
understanding.
For the sake of killing five of my soldiers, you have ruined
and brought families into desolation ; you have killed women,
a tender infant and its mother, an old man, two unfortunate
peasants, and, doubtless, many others whose names have
not reached me ; and, far from slackening the fire of your
ships, when my soldiers (who, during that deplorable day,
did not once fire) fell back cn the town across the inhabited
country of Beyrout, your fire, I say, became more vigorous
and destructive for the unfortunate peasants, rather than
for my soldiers. You appear determined to make your-
selves masters of the town, notwithstanding that, in any
event, the question will remain as before. If the fortune
of war prove adverse to me, Beyrout shall only fall into
your power when reduced to cinders. This town has not
ceased being inhabited ; and, moreover, it contains mer-
chandise imported from Europe, the value of which is con-
siderable. Under these circumstances, I have constantly
endeavoured to justify throughout the grateful thanks which
I have received from Europeans. Guards have been posted
to secure respect to their habitations and their magazines.
They would find them untouched on their return.
It lies not in my power to deliver the town ; my orders
are for its defence, and I shall defend it, come what may,
I, therefore, am not the person to address if you are really
desirous of sparing innocent persons from the inevitable
horrors of warfare, which in a few hours you have power to
bring down on them. Mehemit Ali alone can give you an
answer on this question. If, then, you attack Beyrout.
and if its inhabitants are buried in the ruins, let me not be
responsible for the blood that is shed.
. .

I have the honour to remain,
Your humble and obedient servant,
General SOLIMAN,
Be} rout, Saturday, two hours after sunrise.

DONCASTER AND NORTH MIDLAND RAILWAY.—On
Friday last, agreeably to previous arrangement, a meeting
was held at Swinton, to promote the formation of a junction
railway from Doncaster to the North Midland. There were
present, from Doncaster, the mayor, Mr. Alderman Clark,
and Messrs. councillors Goodwin, Milner, and Johnson,
accompanied by the town-clerk, and Mr. Alexander, the
surveyor; Messrs. Wm. Vickers, G. W. Chambers, S.
Jackson, and T. Linley, directors of the Sheffield and
Rotherham Railway, accompanied by their solicitor, super-
intendent, and secretary ; Messrs. F. Parker and T. B.
Pease, directors of the North Midland Railway ; Mr. Wilson,
of Kilnhurst, and Messrs. Robert Stephenson and Swanwick,
the engineers. The mayor of Doncaster having been called
to the chair, Mr. Wm. Vickers briefly explained the corre-
spondence between the corporation of Doncaster and the
directors. which had led to this meeting; and the mayor
stated the prevailing feeling of the town over which he pre-
sided, in favour of a railway communication between that
town and the North Midland Railway. On the motion of
Mr. Alderman Clark, a resolution was then unanimously
passed, to the effect, " That 11 communication by railway,
between Doncaster and the North Midland Railway, at the
esi inrtaob l e t h too
Northdeposi t
Midland a n
tional nearest and most convenient tpoint,was
further
wouldbeatte
attended with
I
local and general benefit."resolved, that as
ofainatteprlano
precaution, caa uht iroanuch falalsi n desirable
it w
Railway at the Swinton station; and the engineers received
orders accordingly. This alteration, it was
nest stated,
not prevent an application to parliament in
the
—Doncater

t

~> ~►.~~

DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. 1

On Wednesday last, Skiddaw and Scawfell Pikes assumed
their winter garb for the first time this season. In the
morning of the above-named day, these fells appeared clad
in a snowy mantle ; but the rays of an autumnal sun soon
stripped them of their snowy habiliments, and exposed their
ragged nakedness to the gaze of the passing traveller, at least
an hour before he had reached his meridian altitude.—Kendal
Mercury.

On Monday four children were playing in the upper room
of a cottage at Walcot, near Timberland, kept by a person
named Wood. A boy, seeing a gun lying against the wall,
took it up, and commenced knocking the muzzle of the bar-
rel with a clasp knife, and other children looking at him,
when-the gun went off and lodged a double charge of shot in
the abdomen of a fine little girl named Mary Woods, aged
nine years. The little sufferer immediately fell, and after a
few brief struggles expired. The jury returned a verdict of
accidental death.—Lincoln Gazette.
THE CHURCH AND THE WESLEYANE.--WellaVe, on for.

mer occasions, hailed with pleasure the demonstration of a
friendly and Christian union subsisting between members of
the Wesleyan persuasion and the heads of the Protestant
religion ; and we have this week to record another example
of this nature furnished from a body of the same tenets in a
distant land. A deputation of Wesleyan Missionaries in
Newfoundland have presented to the Right Rev. Aubrey
Spencer, the new Bishop, an address agreed to by that body,
expressive of their congratulation at his appointment and
safe arrival, and acknowledging the Established Church as
the " Great stay and support of the Protestant religion."

- -
AGGRESSIVE PROGRESS OF RUSSlA.—Within a period of
64 years the total acquisitions of Russia equalled her whole
European empire before that time. The acquisitions from
Sweden equalled the now kingdom of Sweden • from Poland,
a territory equal to the Austrian empire ; from European
Turkey, a country equal to Prussia, exclusive of the Rhenish
provinces ; from Asiatic Turkey, a territory equal to the
German small states, Rhenish Prussia, Holland, and Bel-
gium ; from Persia, an extent of country equal to England ;
and from Tartary, a country equal to European Turkey,
Greece, Italy, and the whole of Spain. The Russia frontier
has been advanced by these acquisitions about 700 miles to-
wards Berlin, Dresden, Munich, Vienna, and Paris; 500
miles to Constantinople, 630 miles to Stockholm, and about
1,000 miles to Tehran. The estimated population of Russia
in 1689, at the accession of Peter 1., was 15,000,000 ; at the
accession of Catherine ft., in 1762, it was 25,000,000, and at
her death, in 1796, it was 36,000,000 ; whilst at the death of
Alexander, in 1825, it was 58,000,000.
INTERESTING SCENE.—Monday, the Lord Bishop of
Limerick, accompanied by his chaplain, the Rev. R. Maun-
sel, rector of Castleisland, and the Rev. A. Denny, rector of
Tralee, attended Divine service at Ventry. The congrega-
tion, with the exception of several visiters from England,
was entirely composed of converts from the church of Rome,
in number 250. The service was performed and a sermon
preached in the Irish language by the Rev. Thos. Moriarty,
himself a convert and minister of the congregation. Service
was concluded by his lordship's addressing the congregation,
exhorting them to stand fast in the truth of the. Gospel, and
by purity of life and conversation to manifest the sincerity of
their profession. He expressed himself highly gratified with
the evident reality of this important work, and particularly
with the answering of the children in the Sunday school. In
the evening his lordship preached, in his usual impressive
style, to a crowded congregation in Dingle, including
more than 100 converts, inhabitants of the town.—Litiserick
Chronicle.

MYLES COVERDALE, TRANSLATOR OF THE WHOLE
BIBLE INTO ENGLISH.—Sunday, Oct. 4, being the 305th
anniversary of the translation of the whole Bible into English
by Myles Coverdale, his remains, which had been exhumed
from the church of St. Bartholemew by the Exchange to make
room for the building of the new Sun Fire Office, and trans-
ferred on the preceding evening to St. Magnus Church by
London-bridge, of which he was formerly rector, were depo-
sited at nine o'clock in the morning against the east wall of
that church, a part of the old building in which he preached,
and not pulled down on the rebuilding of the church, after the
fire of London, by Sir Christopher Wren, in a vault, at the
expense of the parish, to whom these precious remains had at
their solicitation been kindly consigned by the Bishop of Lon-
don. The reinterment was strictly private, with the exception
of the presence of the children of the ward schools and some
of the parishioners, to whom a short and appropriate address
on the occasion was made by the rector, the Rev. Thomas
Leigh, A.M.
DROITWICH.—SINGULAR CIRCUMSTANCE.—FOUr years
ago the parish clerk of St. Peter's, in this borough, died,
having been ill and incapacitated from business for three
years previous to his death. During his illness a relation did
the public duties for him ; but his wife, Jane Hale, cleaned
the church, and performed other menial offices. She was in
the habit of undertaking to inter privately in the consecrated
ground the bodies of children prematurely born, and those
who died before baptism, for which she received a fee. A
man, who had lodged in her house for some time, died in
January last, and having by his death lost the chief source of
her livelihood, she proposed to give up housekeeping, and a
sale of her effects was advertised. The company assembled
at the sale were annoyed by a nauseous smell, which led to a
search of the room, in which her father-in-law and uncle took
an active part. Behind a pocket of hops was found the body
of a young child in a coffin. This led to a search of the
house. A garret was broken open, and there two bodies of
infants in coffins were discovered. The father of one of the
children was present, and recognized the coffin which con-
tained his child, to bury which he had given the woman 2s. Gd.
six or seven years ago. In the same lumber-room were
found a large quantity of sheets and linen, which had been
used by her husband and her lodger, and which had been put
away unwashed, some of the articles having been placed in
water which had remained stagnant and undisturbed. The
value of these articles, now completely rotten, must have
been at least £3O. There were also a ham, a tongue, and va-
rious eatables in the garret. The woman, who was always
noted for being dirty in her person and her house, still re-
mains there, and sleeps on a screen with a mat for a pillow •,
and it is said she has never slept in a bed since the death of
her husband. When spoken to on the subject of the con-
cealed bodies, she said—" I have done no harm to them ; let
every person choose his own, and bury it." The affair has
caused much disgust among the inhabitants of Droitwich.
FORTIFICATIONS OF PA-uts.—The following is the line of
fortification on the right bank of the river :—lt commences
at the western point of 13ercy.,and cuts the Lich road to the
$ chateau, but leaves that ouuding outside. It tnen crosses
the road from Paris to Charenton a little above the cemetery
of Bercy, passes along the marshes of Bercy and Saint
Mande, crowning the hill which bounds the valley of Fecamp.
It traverses the avenue of St. Mande, near the houses Nos.
31 and 3G, cuts the grand avenue of Vincennes at the 180th
tree from the bariere du Tram, traverses the marsh to the
Croix St. Simon at the south end of Charonne, passes be-
tween Charonne and Bagnolet, dividing the old park of the
Dukes of Orleans, now converted into a garden, and ascends
the top of the hill, which commands Bagnolet and Charonne
behind the cemetery of Pere-La-chaise. It traverses the
grounds of La Justice, passes the north end of the gardens
of Belleville, at the place called Les Bruyeres, cuts the road
from Belleville to Romanville a little beyond the Place des
Communes. It then descends between the Pre Saint Ger-
vais on the south, and Pantin on the north, and reaches the
Pont de Flandres at the north end of La Villette. Here the
line divides into two ; one follows the canal as far as Auber-
villiers and Saint Denis, the other crosses the Plain of Saint
Denis, reaches the Rond Point at La Chapelle, and after-
wards runs to the north of Clignancourt and the Bute de
Montmartre to the Hutte au Garde, and the Rout de la
Revolte, which it follows in a westerly direction, till it reaches
the eastern point of the King's Park at Neuilly. It thence
passes between Neuilly and Les Themes to the Porte Mail-
lot, traverses the Bois de Boulogne in a line parallel to the
alley from the Porte Maillot to La Muette, passes in front
of the garden of La Muette and Ranalagh, and touches the
Seine again at the east end of Auteuil, a little below the Pont
de Grenelle.

MeresicAL CAT.—However surprising are the feats of
wonderful pigs, learned ponies, remarkable monkeys, and
sagacious dogs, we have a fact to record which will surpass
all such feats hitherto recorded. Mr. Evans, cabinet-maker,
of Newport, is a gentleman of musical talent, and being,
moreover, anxious to perpetuate the musical taste he has
imbibed, he has taken care to teach all his daughters the
" divine art." They are, therefore, all talented vocalists and
performers. The youngest of this musical family, not con-
tent with the whole family being proficient in music, has ac-
tually, of late, been most arduously engaged in tutoring their
five-year old torn cat to play at the piano ; and she has so
far succeeded in her endeavours, that Tom has left off
" mousing," and all predatory habits, and is daily engaged
in the very harmonious pleasure of sitting at the piano,
where he performs two or three airs with wonderful accuracy,
and unmoved gravity. We are informed that he is never
pleased, unless the music-book be placed before him ; but
whether he has " learnt his notes," our informant sayeth
not.—Welshman.
THE MARQUIS OF WATERFORD AT LANCASTER.—The
Marquis of Waterford, with his brother, and some other
scion of noble blood, passed through this town on Monday
evening, for the south. It was not, of course, to be expected
that they would travel like other people, and accordingly a
vehicle of the nature of a coach was honoured by bringing
them from Carlisle, Arrived at the station, our Marquis
called out to his brother, " Holloa ! Bill ! is there any grub
to be got here ?" It appeared there was not, and the lordly
and hungry travellers were directed to the nearest public-
house, the Prince 'William Henry, where they were soon
supplied with the " grub" they stood in need of. Fortu-
nately the marquis and his friends did not pass a night among
us, and we have not consequently to record any abstraction
of knockers, door bells or door plates, from the houses of our
townsmen.--Lancaster Guardian.
ELECTIONEERING AT NORTHALLERTON.—On Monday
last, at noon, W. B. Wrightson, Esq., M.P., arrived at Nor-
thallerton, and in a short time afterwards, accompanied by
Capt. Pierse, Mr. Hamilton, and two attorneys, commenced
waiting upon the electors of that borough (resident in the
town). In the evening of that day the chairman of the Hon.
E. Lascelles's committee issued a bill, printed on True Blue,
to the following effect—" Brother Electors, in consequence
of W. B. Wrightson, Esq., having this day commenced a
canvass for the borough, it would appear that a speedy dis-
solution of parliament is expected. I beg therefore to request
that you will withhold all promises of support for the present,
as it is the intention of the Hon. Edwin Lascelles to solicit
the favour of your votes and interest, whenever a dissolution
of parliament shall take place. I am, gentlemen, your's
faithfully, AN ELECTOR." On Tuesday and Wednesday
Mr. Wrightson visited the electors resident in the township,
and also those in the townships of Brompton and Romanby,
which constitute a part of the borough, for the like purpose,
hut what success he met with from the farmers and agricul-
turists in his canvass, especially as he voted for the repeal of
the corn-laws, has not transpired.—Leeds Intelligencer.
SHOCKING MURDER AT BARNSLEY.—We are sorry this
week to have to record the perpetration of a most foul and
brutal murder, which was committed about seven o'clock on
Monday evening last, on the body of Mr. George Blackburn,
farmer, of Bank Top, near Barnsley, and within a few yards
of his own house. The deceased, a highly respectable man,
who kept a number of much cows, and sold milk in Barnsley,
had been in that town collecting his milk accounts, on Mon-
day afternoon; and, on returning home, about seven o'clock
i
n the evening, ust as he had reached his own yard, two ruf-
fians sprang upon him, knocked him down, and one of them,
with a large stick, or think piece of wood, beat him over the
head with the most savage ferocity. While this was going
on, his cries, and the barking of the dog, brought out his wife
and servant in time to see the men in the act of violence •
and their screams were heard by a soldier on duty in the bar-
rack'
yard almost close by, who immediately alarmed his com-
rades, and several of them hastened to the spot,—but it was
too late. The villains made off ; the soldiers pursued, but
were unable to overtake them. The unfortunate man, who
was not quite dead, was immediately taken up, and medical
assistance was procured ; but it was to no purpose. His skull
was broken in several places, and various
parts of his head
were most dreadfully bruised. He remained in a state of in-
sensibility until two o'clock the next morning, when death
put an end to his sufferings. The unfortunate deceased was
iasb
supposed
sixty
cbountlltniaidttnedo
with the
It
years of
dreadful age,
but whether it
in-
tent to rob, but in that the murderers had not succeeded. A
quantity of copper was afterwards picked up
had been taken from his pockets by the assassins, or had been
shaken out of the victim's pockets when attacked,is uncer-
tain. One wound on the head of the unfortunate man ap-
peared to have been made by a large stone which. had been
taken from an adjoining wall for that purpose. The scene of
this diabolical act is about three quarters of a mile from the
town on the sheffield road, and opposite the barracks, from
which place it is distant only about a hundred yards. Two
men have been apprehended on suspicion and the police are
actively engaged in their enquiries, in order to find out the
guilty parties.--Doncaster Gazette.

TUESDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 13, 1840.

In the present critical state of our foreign relations
it is impossible to contemplate the progress of the re-
peal agitation in Ireland without feelings of deep anxi-
ety. If this country should be involved in a war with
France and her allies, it will become a matter of the
most serious consideration whether internal commo-
tions are, or are not, likely to augment the difficulties
of our position. It is on this account that we conti-
nue to watch the proceedings of Daniel O'Connell and
his traitorous associates. The mysterious, but not al-
together unintelligible hints, which have dropped from.
the lips of the arch-demagogue, in reference to the
part which the Popish population of Ireland are pre-
pared to take, in the event of a war, render it impera-
tive upon us to scan his language and to mark his
movements from week to week. If we do not greatly
mistake, there is a storm brewing in Ireland which
may be attended with far more serious consequences to
this country than even a continental war. An alliance
with France is almost openly avowed as the ultimo ra-
tio of the repeal agitation. O'Connell has more than
once publicly vaunted the advantages which Ireland
presents to a foreign power for carrying on warlike
operations against England. He has dilated with great
apparent glee on the ease with which, aided by the dis-
affected Popish millions of Ireland, France might secure
the future independence of that country. These threats
ought to be carefully marked.
It .would appear that no sooner had Lord Ebrington
avowed himself to be an enemy to repeal—though the
avowal was made in such a milk-and-water sort of
style as to convey an impression that there was nothing
hearty in his enmity—no sooner, we say, had this
avowal been made, than O'Connell came forth once
more from his seclusion to enter with more zeal tha
ever upon his career of agitation. He laughs at the
disapprobation expressed by his minion, the Lord.
Lieutenant. He is on his march through Ireland
rousing the popitlation in all directions, and exciting
them, by the most inflammatory language, to disaffec-
tion and rebellion. He expresses his open contempt
of all authority, and dares the executive to interfere
with his proceedings. The principal topics of O'Con-
nell's harangues, as on all former occasions, are, the
" millions of fighting Irishmen," who are ready, at his
beck, to plunge the empire into all the horrors of civil
war, and the prospects of an alliance with the Popish
governments on the continent, and especially with
France.

In the meantime, it is not irrelevant to ask, in what
manner has Lord Ebrington followed up his hesitating
protest against the repeal agitation ? Our paper of
this day will afford the answer. It will he perceived
that he has literally " run away" from the enemy who
has hitherto exercised so tyranical a sway over him,
and over the ministry of whom he is the representative.
He has left O'Connell a clear field for carrying on his
agitation. Instead of manfully showing by his actions
the sincerity of his professions, he has basely deserted
his post in the hour of danger, and preferred the in-
glorious retreat of Castlehill to the discharge of his
duties to his sovereign and to his country. Such is
Whig courage ! Such is Whig principle !
We may be accused of exaggeration. Those who
may feel disposed to indulge in such an accusation
must possess a marvellous degree of ignorance respect•
ing the language indulged in by Mr. O'Connell. Let
such individuals read his speeches delivered, on Wed-
nesday last, at Limerick. In one of those speeches he
makes the following boast :—" I perceive I have the
game in my own hand, if I put know how to play it. I
perceive, if there be no false step taken, that we, I re-
peat it, have the game in our own hands, and the union
we shall see repealed. This is no idle boast, no vain
anticipation. Did I not see to-day 60,000 Irishmen,
with physical force capable of overpowering any that
resisted, with spirit and daring capable of setting at
defiance any power ?" This appeal to the "physical
force" of the Papists of Ireland is a constant staple of
all the speeches of this truculent demagogue. He
harps upon this question incessantly. His allusions to
Kosciusko and Washington are all of the same charac-
ter. They are all accompanied with a glowing descrip-
tion of the "struggles for independence" which marked
the career of these " great leaders of the people." His
reference to the case of Belgium is of the same chary
ter. REBELLION is the grand end at which O'Connel
is aiming. It is necessary, therefore, that his proceed
ings should be narrowly watched. It may be soon
found necessary to arrest the hoary ruffian in his wild
career.

" Another great amphitheatrical display of bigotry,
intolerance, and all uncharitableness !" were the words
which our eloquent townsman on Thursday last sug-
gested for the use of his Whig-radical commentators.
We suspect, however, that the text will not, on this oc-
casion, be so easily seized upon. The day is gone by
in which protestants were to be driven from their posts
by the shafts of ridicule. We are no longer to be

scared by a name or turned aside by a light laugh or a
mocking sneer.

It has indeed been the fashion of this liberal age to
associate with the terms bigotry the proceedings of
meetings similar to that of Thursday last. We have
heard names such as those of M`Gliee, Stowell, and
Nl`Neile, stigmatised as fanatics and agitators ; and
this too by professing churchmen—by Protestant En-

glishrnen. We have lately seen one of these illustrious
men dragged into a court of justice and amerced for
giving expression at a public meeting to a fact, the

occurrence of which has never been and cannot be de-
nied. But are we therefore as Protestants—as liberal

Protestants—to suppose that we are justified in with-
holding our sanction from efforts so nobly and fear-
lessly made for so noble and righteous a purpose ?

No. The slave of Rome, who fears an exposure of his
iniquitous and blood-stained creed, may deprecate the
expression of Protestant truth ; the lukewarm church-
man who allows his religion to succumb to his worldly
interests, may deprecate the expression of that truth ;
but the earnest and sincere Christian will regard a de-
monstration such as that of Thursday last, as one of
those redeeming passages which the recording angel

will select to brighten the history of an age dark with
apostacy and political error.
It is not however in the light of mere demonstrations
—" displays " of Protestant feeling—that we now re-
gard the enthusiastic assemblies which crowd our am-
phitheatre at the invitation of these champions of our
reformed religion. It is not because at these meetings
Protestantism is strengthened in the hearts and in the
judgments of thousands of our fellow-countrymen that
we are anxious to award to them our approbation ; but
because they strike at the root of that blinding supersti-
tion which has been too long permitted to overshadow
the land—because the searching exposition which they
afford to the iniquities of popish doctrines and practice
are thus presented in a popular form to the eyes of
Roman Catholics themselves ; and the great truths of
the reformation offered to their dispassionate consi-
deration, clothed in the fervid and impressive language
of sincerity, and freed from the casuistry in which they
have been studiously hidden by Romish theologians.
It is because such is beginning to be the operation of
our Protestant meetings that they are regarded with
terror and jealousy by the priesthood and the advocates
of the Roman Catholic religion. They feel that the
temple of the Juggernaut which they have erected is
about to be cast down ; that the secret springs and ma-
chinery of the superstition which they impose upon
mankind are about to he unveiled. They see a hand
stretched forth to break the rod of iron with which they
have tyrannized for long ages over their duped and de-
frauded victims ; and they shrink with guilty fear from
its crushing grasp. The truth is hateful to Rome. The
free expression of opinion, in which Protestants love to
indulge, she shrinks from with affright. She dreads
to hear her mysteries, her mummeries, and her im-
postures grappled with by the keen intellect, and de-
tailed by the glowing eloquence of a M`Ghee or a
Stowell. She would gladly stifle, were it in her power,
every expression of Protestant truth—every exposure
of her own fraud and falsehood ; but the effort she
knows now would be fruitless and mad. She has tried
alike sneer and sarcasm, and, lastly, she has even ven-
tured upon persecution. But the attempt has recoiled
upon her own head. The truth will not be stayed, and
shall not be stifled !
We owe it, then, as a duty to our Roman Catholic
fellow-countrymen, to encourage, by every means within
our power, the efforts now making by our Protestant
associations for their enfranchisement from the thral-
dom of mind and body under which they are bowed
down by their tyrannical priesthood. Bigots do they
call us ? It is against bigotry that we war. Are we
intolerants ? Far from it. We seek to put down and
trample upon intolerance. We are striving to gain for
our fellow-christians the privilege of approaching the
throne of mercy in their own persons, without the ne-
cessity of prostrating themselves at the confessional, or
' satisfying, by degrading acts of penance, the tyrannical
requirements of a brother worm. We seek to open to
our fellow•christians the Book of Life, and to enable
them to drink of the healing spring from its fountain.
Are we, then, uncharitable ?
But there is another and an important light in
which we must regard the proceedings of the. Pr-
otestant Association. It must be borne in mind that
England is no longer a purely Protestant state. The
Protestant bulwarks of our constitution have been
yielded up to the insolent demands of treason. Popery
sits in our high places—in our houses of parliament,
and in the council chamber of our Sovereign. An
insolent priesthood—nursed in bigotry, and bloated
with the spoil wrung from the hard hands of an igno-
rant and enslaved people—dares to intrude even into
the levees of royalty. Mass-houses and convents
spring up throughout the land ; and beneath the very
walls of the palace, the cowled priest shakes hands
with the infidel, the Socinian, and the Socialist, as
they plot together new fetters for the minds and con-
sciences of freeborn men. Shall we, then, tamely and
basely submit our necks to the yoke of the enslaver ?
Shall we yield up without a struggle the little that is
left us of our once-glorious constitution ? No : we
will not be so degenerate—so cowardly—so unwise.
We will fight the battle of the constitution by striving
to raise up that strongest bulwark of Protestant liberty
—a sound Protestant democracy. W e will oppose to
Rome—to her falsehoods and her serpent wiles—the
stern determination of an industrious, intelligent, and
convinced population—the middle and humbler classes
of Great Britain, whose minds and judgments neither
the jesuit cunning nor " the pomp and circumstance"
of Papacy can turn from the loyalty and the faith of
their fathers.
It is for such a purpose that we regard as invaluable
the efforts of our Protestant champions and the pro-
ceedings of our public meetings. Let the liberal
churchman sneer at those efforts; let the sectarian
denounce them as uncharitable; let the shallow truck-
ler to expediency babble upon the fancied evil of min-
gling religion with politics. They cannot—they ought
not to be separated. A state without a religion can no
more exist than a body without the soul; and it is the
duty not only of the legislator—not only of the patriot
—but, more than all, it is the duty of the Christian
clergyman, to watch that the softening influence of
religion be not excluded from the government of a
Christian people.
And in this duty we trust that our clergy and our
conservative laity will steadily persevere. If the cause
of good order and good government is to be promoted,
by what means can that object be better attained than
by the dissemination of scriptural truth amongst all
classes of our population ? If liberty of conscience is
still dear to Englishmen, what course is so likely to
enable us to preserve it as a constant and unshrinking
exposure of the falsehoods of that tyrant church which
is hourly striving to introduce in its stead the slavery
of superstition ? In this favoured land we do still en-
joy that liberty of conscience. The homesteads and
cottages of merry England are still illumined by the
unpolluted light of gospel truth. With us the Bible is
yet permitted to remain a household book; and surely
there is no uncharitableness—no bigotry in striving to
procure the same solace for our Roman Catholic fel-
low-countrymen. We may in doing this disturb oc-
casionally the self-complacency of some very liberal
and sensitive people ; we may occasionally disturb the
dreams which haunt the dark cloisters of Maynooth ;
we may occasionally drag to light the mysteries of the
confessional; or the trenchant and unanswerable testi-
mony of a Ivi`Ghee may fasten a charge of treachery
and perjury upon the Romish hierarchy. We may
occasionally do things that " make even drowsy pre-
miers start upon their couch ;" but we have the con-
solation remaining that the cause itself, in which we
are engaged, is one from which no good man and no
sound Protestant need stand aloof, from any dread of
moral pollution.
•••••=iI•MMIIMML
- .

The " meeting of Welsh Reformers," (as it is some-
what facetiously designated by the wag of the Chronicle)
which took place on Friday night, at the Music Hall,
was one of the most laughable failures that we have
witnessed for some time. By some means or other a
report was spread, a day or two before the meeting
took place, that the Welsh residents in Liverpool were
not likely to respond to the call made upon them by
" Thomas Lloyd, Esq." and his clique, and it was
found necessary to pack the room with Protectors—

yes, with Irish Papists of the lowest class—in order to
intimidate the really Welsh portion of the auditory.
Accordingly, on our entrance into the room there was
scarcely a Welsh face to be seen among the central

seats. The " Welsh Reformers" had ensconced them-
selves behind the barriers of the platform. The side
seats were chiefly occupied by 'Welsh Conservatives.
The entrance of a number of gentlemen, connected
with the commerce of Liverpool, who were known to
he Conservatives, was the signal for general acclama-
tion from those of their countrymen who were stationed
in the body of the room. This movement seemed to
have greatly chagrined the Reformers on the platform.

Their confidence was, however, partially restored by
the entrance of Mr. John Rosson, the Popish barrister,
and chairman of the Protector Society, whose entrance
into the room elicited great applause from the Irish
" hereditary hodmen," who had generously come for-
ward to "protect" the " honest 'Welshmen." Mr.
Rosson occupied a conspicuous station on the platform,
and acted as fugleman to the Protectors during the
delivery of the Welsh speeches, waiving his handker-
chief as a signal when the cheers were to be given.
What a farce it is to call this a Welsh meeting !

In commencing the proceedings the chairman took
especial care to intimate that no opposition or interrup-
tion would be permitted, and that if any parties present
ventured to propose an amendment to any of the reso-
lutions, he should be handed over to the custody of the
police. He then proceeded to state that the object of
the meeting was, the formation of a Welsh Reform
Association. Why was not this object avowed in the
placard ? Why was the approaching municipal elec-
tion exclusively mentioned as the subject of discussion?
It is plain that the greater number of the 'Welshmen
present went to the meeting expecting to hear some
reason for reserving their votes until the meeting was
over. Our object in going there was to oppose any
recommendation to the 'Welsh to vote on the radical
interest. We found this also to be the feeling of a large
majority of our countrymen present. 'When the chair-
man was requested to give an explanation, and to per-
mit those Welshmen present who were adverse to the
alleged " object of the meeting " to retire, protesting
against the proceedings of a meeting so constituted, as
expressive of the opinions of the Welsh rate-payers of
Liverpool, the attempt to obtain a hearing was responded
to by a wild Irish howl, such as caused no little aston-
ishment to a few strangers from the principality who
happened to be present. This howling silenced every
remonstrance. Among such ruffians there was no chance
whatever of a fair hearing. Amidst the confusion, the
chairman contrived to pass the first resolution, which
he had the audacity to declare to be " unanimously
carried," without deigning to ask the non-contents to
hold up their hands. It was, in truth, carried by the
Irish Protectors, of whose alliance we wish Mr. Lloyd
and his tail much joy. We hope to see many more such
Irish-Welsh meetings, for the fun of the thing.
But the meeting of Friday has done good in one re-
spect. It has roused the Welsh ratepayers of Liverpool
to a sense of the indignity offered to them by the pre-
sence of a horde of Irish repealers at a meeting of
Welshmen, We understand that arrangements are in
progress for the formation of a "WELSH CONSERVA-
TivE ASSOCIATION "in this town. A meeting for
this purpose will be speedily convened ; and we have
no doubt that such a society will prove more than a
match for the mongrel society which has just been
formed under the distinguished auspices of " Thomas
Lloyd, Esq.," Mr. William Rathbone, Mr. Irish-Welsh
Alderman Evans, Mr. Fugleman Rosson, and the howl-
ing worthies of the Protector Society.

The proceedings in the municipal revision court have
almost ceased to excite any feeling of general interest.
We may, indeed, say that they are chiefly regarded
with ineffable disgust. This disgust has been created
by the appearance of the ragged and beggarly hordes
of Popish ruffians who have been placed on the registry
through the instrumentality of the Protector Society
and its " aristocratic" patrons—by the flippant and
even audacious manner in which these " mushroom"
voters have forsworn themselves—by the discoveries
which have taken place of the disgraceful tricks re-
sorted to by the agents of the Reform Association to
invalidate the objections made by the Conservatives—

by the obstacles which have been daily thrown in the
way of a fair and impartial investigation of numberless
cases brought before the court—and, more than all,
by the outrageous insults which have been offered to
the law, to juatiee and equity, and even to common
Sense, in the strange and unprecedented decisions to
which the court has so frequently, but not so unaccount-
ably, arrived. A salutary regard for the consequences
of an infringement of the formidable law of libel pre-
cludes us from treating, with a requisite degree of se-
verity, the language of certain parties, who have been
but too conspicuous in their efforts to frustrate the
ends of justice, from the moment that the court was
opened. If we could but venture to write " a true and
circumstantial account" of the proceedings and prac-
tices to which we allude, we could unfold a tale that
would make England blush for Liverpool. However,
the people of Liverpool are sufficiently cognisant of these
proceedings to render our allusions perfectly intelli;-
gible. Those who have attended the court of revision
have taken care to give publicity to the strange prac-
tices on which we dare not venture to animadvert. The
day of retribution is not far distant. This is no trifling
consolation.

The expulsion of Mr. John Rosson, the fuylernan
of the Protectors, from the court of revision, was one
of the most remarkable incidents of the past week.
This gentleman (we hope that he will not consider the
application of such an epithet offensive) has been re-
markably assiduous in his attendance on the court.
Day after day was he to he seen in " amiable contact"
with one of the assessors, ever ready with his advice,
and strongly reminding us of another great personage
when pouring his " leprous distilment" into the listen-
ing ears of Eve. We are not sorry that he has met
with his deserts.

On the whole, we think the Conservatives have no
reason to be dissatisfied with the position which they
occupy, even on the lists which have been nearly gone
through. Let them be equally vigilant and punctual
in their attendance during the remaining period left for
the revision, and we feel assured that they will achieve
a signal triumph on the second of November. llun-
dreds of voters who have hitherto been found voting
on the liberal side will then either abstain from voting,
or will openly join the ranks of the Conservatives. In-
deed, the respectable voters are almost universally dis-
gusted with liberalism.

It has been suggested that a favourable opportunity
will present itself, on Friday week, for paying a just
tribute of respect to our excellent and indefatigable
representative, Lord Sandon, as he will then, for the
first time, preside over a public dinner in Lancashire.
We cordially concur in the suggestion, and trust that
some arrangements will be made for thus giving expres-
sion to the feelings or attachment and admiration
which are so generally felt towards his lordship.
Would it not be well if a meeting were immediately
convened for this purpose ? We shall probably have
more to say on the subject in our next.

We heartily congratulate the inhabitants of Liver-
pool on the successful arrangements which the com-
mittee of the Collegiate Institution have made for laying
the foundation-stone of that long-desired establishment.
The twenty-second day of October will, indeed, prove
a proud day for Liverpool—a day to be remembered
when the dust of those who have contributed towards
calling into existence so noble an institution shall have
long reposed in the grave. We do sincerely hope that
the inhabitants of the town generally will join in the
tnteresting ceremony which will take place on Thurs-
day week, and thus testify their attachment to the
cause of scriptural education.

LIVERPOOL COLLEGIATE INSTITUTION.---We have much
pleasure in directing the attention of our readers to the ad-
vertisement relative to this institution, which appears in ano-
ther column. It will be seen that the foundation-stone will
be laid by the Right Hon. Lord Stanley, M.P., on the 22nd
October, after a sermon at St. Peter's church, by the Right
Rev. the Lord Bishop of Chester. A dinner will be given
to Lord Stanley, in the evening, at the Amphitheatre, Lord
Francis Egerton, M.P., in the chair, at which Lord Sandon,
M.P, the lion. R. Bootle Wilbraham, M. P., Sir R. H.
Cunliffe, Bart. C. Cresswell, Esq. M.P., J. Ireland Black-
burne, Esq. M.P., and G. Cornwall Legh, Esq. High Sheriff
of Cheshire, have promised to be present, and the attendance
of other distinguished friends of scriptural education is ex-
expected. The 22d October will be a most important day
for Liverpool, and we trust that every friend of the esta-
blished church will be at his post.
MR. HASSARD'S TADLES.—We are glad to inform our
readers that these splendid specimens of art have been pur-
chased by the Duke of Wellington, at a price which not only
sufficiently remunerates their ingenious contriver, but also
testifies the approbation of his grace of such elaborate and
delicate workmanship. Our Protestant friends will be pleas-
ed to hear that such a zealous advocate of their principles has
at length met with his deserts.

CORRESPONDENCE.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

SI It ,—You will oblige me by noticing, in your next publi-
cation, and correcting an error in degree, in one of the state-
ments in my speech at the Protestant meeting yesterday.
The general and notorious practice of the Roman Catholic
system (defended by some of their ablest writers *) is to use
Latin prayers. Against this practice our Church, in her
xxiv. article, thus protests :—" It is a thing plainly repugnant -
to the Word of God, and the custom of the primitive church,
to have public prayer in the church, or to minister the sa-
craments in a tongue not understanded of the people."
This practice, however, like all the other boasted immuta-

bilities of the infallible system, has undergone convenient
change ; and now in this country they use both English and
Latin; but still the most solemn, and, as their people are
taught to believe, the most sacred of all their services, the
Mass, is invariably in Latin. I did not mark this distinc-
tion in my speech yesterday, and was consequently guilty of
what I have called an error in degree, when I said that
all their prayers are in Latin. Enough, however, re-
mains indisputable with respect to the ten thousands
of the poor Irish, on whose behalf I was speaking, to justify
the common charge against the system, and to warrant the

application of Dr. Grier's language to its apologists—they
know that so long as the service of the Roman system is per-
formed in an unknown tongue, so long will the reign of er-
ror and superstition continue in it.

Unwilling to allow the slightest inaccuracy to escape, and

thankful that while speaking so frequently, and entering
into so many details, I am habitually preserved from even
such a measure of mistake as the above, I have to request
you to allow this letter a place in your columns.
Permit me further to avail myself of the opportunity of

writing this letter, to say that my omission of the Mail and
Courier, jointly with yourself, in my defence of our press,
was entirely unintentional, arising, I suppose, from the fact
that the charge to which I was alluding made mention only
of the Standard.

I am, sir,
Your obedient servant,
HUGH M`NEILE.

Liverpool, 911 z October, 1840.

* Dr. MILNER, in his Vindication cf his End of Contro-
versy, page 329, in answer to the charge of an unacriptural
use of an unknown tongue in their Liturgies, exclaims—
" What ! Latin an unknown tongue ! which is taught in all
the schools of Christendom, and understood not only by
every educated man, but also in a sufficient degree by filo
common people of Italy, Spain, France, and all those else-
where who understand French."

Dr. GRIER, in his Reply, page 445, makes a large admis-
sion as regards the people of Italy and Spain, who may pos-
sibly understand Latin on account of the close affinity be-
tween it and t heir own languages, but says—" With respect
to the mass of the Irish Roman Catholics, he (Dr. Milner)
is perfectly aware that to them Latin is an unknown tongue,
and he knows too that so long as the service of his church is
performed in that tongue, so long will the reign of error and
superstition continue in it."

WELSH REFORM AGITATION.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

Stn,—The natives of the principality have hitherto well
earned, and consistently maintained, their character of mo-
ral, religious, and peaceable people The strife and conten-
tion of party politics had been unknown among them until
the restless spirit of political dissent, goaded on by the revo-
lutionary incitements of the organs of the party, determined
the malignant disposition of the Baptist and Independent
preachers to kindle the fire of political animosity among my
well disposed countrymen.
These hot-headed and bigoted enthusiasts have brought
disgrace cn the name and character of Welshmen, by their
conduct in calling the meeting together at the Music-hall,
on Friday night last, and still more so by their conduct at
the said meeting. How so many conservatives had gut there
is inexplicable, when I consider the vigilance of the dozen
sentinels who stood on the stairs, exercising their delegated
power most sedulously towards any gentleman who appeared
anything more respectable than themselves, who, in default
of a more sure criterion, was thereby condemned as a con-
servative. The most active of these " specials" was the
Reverend Joseph Jones, warehouseman, and Independent
teacher of Bevington-bush Chapel. HE certainly deserves
promotion for his activity in collaring the tories, and as he
is not now " in the ministry," it is to be hoped there will be
no delay in procuring his reinstatement, and that he will re-
ceive an " early call to a scene of greater usefulness."
After all, sir, though there was a local preacher in the,
chair, and Baptist preachers addressing the meeting in Welsh,
• to the great edification of Mr. Rathbone and of the Irish pre-
cursors, who appeared to compose the majority of the audi-
ence, it was altogether a miserable failure, and a disgrace to
the name of Welshmen. The respectable body of Welsh
Calvinistic Methodists had no part in the business, I am in-
formed, and it is spoken of to their credit. S'our's, &c.,
A WELSHMAN.

LAUNCH.—A fine schooner, of 160 tons register, the pro-
perty of W. S. Dixon, Esq., and intended for one of the
Glasgow line of traders, will be launched from the building-
yard of Bannister and Simpson, Trentham-street, this day,
at half-past eleven o'clock.
A Tato OF HOPEFULS.—Yesterday, at the police-office,
three young men were committed for trial, for stealing a
sailor's jacket. One of them was called John Broompred,
and he had previously been 16 times committed, and 6 times
discharged ; the second, Thomas Brown, who had been five
times committed, and once discharged ; and John Fegan,
who had been 10 times committed, and 4 times discharged.
WARRINGTON PROTESTANT ASSOCIATION.—The annual
meeting of the members and friends of this patriotic associ-
ation was held on Friday evening, in the assembly rooms of
the Lion Hotel, and was most numerously attended. The
meeting was addressed by the Rev. Hugh Al`Neile, Professor
Butt, of Dublin, Peter Greenall, Esq., John Clare, Esq.,
and several others, and the proceedings have produced a
marked effect in the good town of Warrington, in promoting
the cause of Protestantism.

Advices from Falmouth, dated 10th instant, announce the
arrival there of the Iberia, steam-packet, which sailed from
Gibraltar on the Ist, Cadiz 2nd, Lisbon sth, Oporto 6th,
and Vigo 6th. She brought a considerable number of
passengers.

Mn. STUART'S BENEFIT.—We beg to draw attention to
Mr. Stuart's benefit, which is announced to take plase on
Monday evening next. Mr. Stuart has put forth an excel-
lent bill of fare, and he will no doubt be honoured with
bumper.
MR. PEEL'S PICTURES.—Mr. Peel has some fine pictures
still on sale. The " Standard Bearer" is a splendid picture;
indeed all those mentioned in the advertisement are of a first
rate quality. Our picture collectors should avail themselves
of this opportunity of enriching their galleries.
The royal mail steam-ship Britannia, which left Boston on
the Ist and Halifax on the 4th instant, may be expected to
reach this port to-morrow morning.
The steam-ship British Queen, which left New York on
the Ist instant, is expected to arrive off Southampton to-
morrow.

On Sunday morning last, at St. Jude's Church, after a
sermo❑ by the Rev. Hugh M`Neile, the sum of 4:108 Gs. 9d.
was collected in aid of the funds of the Liverpool Infirmary,
which we regret much to perceive are in a very depressed state.
BIRKENIIEAD FAlR.—This fair was held on Thursday last,
and was numerously attended. More cattle were shown than
last year, but they were of an inferior description. The few
good mulch cows and heifers shown met with ready sale at
high prices. There was scarcely a good horse in the fair ;
but there were plenty of colts and an inferior description of
cart and hack horses. The only string of good horses was
in the hands of a dealer, and they found a ready market at
rather high prices. There was a very limited show of cheese,
which were of the present year's make, and they were soon
sold at 565. per cwt.

STEALING FROM A VESSEL.—On Thursday last, at the
police court, an Irish labourer was brought before Mr. Wrd.
Earle, the sitting magistrate, for stealing from a vessel a
piece of spelter, of about six pounds weight. With great
gravity the prisoner assured the magistrate, that his clothes
happened to be in the hold, and the spelter got into his
waistboat pocket without his knowing anything about it. Mr.
Earle—" I suppose that it was so small that you took it for a
snuff-box ! It is a great pity that merchants are obliged to
have such persons as you on board vessels. You must go to
the House of CorreCtion for a month, and there you can re-
flect whether what you have said to-day is true or not."
DARING STREET ROBBERIES.—On Wednesday evening
last, as a gentleman was passing along- Lime-street, some
persons pushed him violently behind, and at the same instant,
two ruffians advanced in front and, snatching his watch from
his-pocket, ran off with it. An alarm was immediately raised,
and several passengers gave chase to the thieves, but they
they contrived to elude pursuit. On Friday night a gentle-
man was robbed in the neighbourhood of Soho-street, by three
ruffians, who also made their escape. The police are on the
look out for the bold villains.

LECTURES IN REFERENCE TO THE JEWS.—In our last

publication we advertised a course of lectures which are to be
delivered at St. Bride's Church, in which will be given a prac-
tical view of the past, present, and future purpose of God
towards the Jews. This "ancient people" has, of late
years, become an object of deep interest in the Christian
world. The prophetical Scriptures have been diligently
searched in reference to the past history, as well as the future
prospects of this chosen nation ; whilst contemporaneous
events have tended to bring the subject of their restoration to
the land of their fathers under general notice. These lec-
tures, the first of which will be delivered on Tuesday next,
'will, we have no doubt, excite great attention to these inte-
resting topics. It will be seen that the respective lecturers
are men of the highest eminence among the divines of the
Church of England—men who are well known to have deeply
studied the prophetic Scriptures, and particularly those parts
which refer to the future extension of the Kingdom of Christ.
The lecture of Tuesday next, which will be explanatory of
the course, will be delivered by the Rev. J. H. Stewart, the
respected incumbent of St. Bride's, oil" The importance of
an accurate knowledge of the prophetiE Scriptures, and on
the spirit in which their study should be conducted."
HONDURAS MATIOGANY.—Casting the eye over the
commercial advertisements in this day's paper, a large sale
of Honduras mahogany will be observed announc-cl to take
place on the 22d of this month. We are glad to see the
enterprise of our merchants connected with the North Ame-
rican trade, prompting them to load their vessels with this
most excellent wood—a wood, the merits of which were
discovered by accident, and confirmed by constant and ex-
tended use. Mahogany, as a material for ship building, is
unequalled, it possesses all the good qualities of other woods
without their defects. It is durable—it is not liable to rot
—and moreover, it is cheaper than African teak, to procure
which numbers of our seamen are yearly sacrificed. Sierra
Leone, a colony which Theodore Hook said had always two
governors, one going out alive, the other coming home dead,
has proved, indeed, the white man's grave, and had the
money and care spent upon it been lavished upon our New
Brunswick colonies, a tenfold return would have been se-
cured. Let it be borne in mind that Nelson laid his ship
alongside the San Trinidada at Trafalgar, in the hope of
being able to make a prize of her. This ship was built of
mahogany, and had she not been burnt, might now have
been one of the bulwarks of old England. Nelson always
urged the building of vessels. of mahogany ; but the govern-
ment have preferred cedar—a wood, soft, porous, and fibrous.
The consequence has been, that many of our finest ships have
been constantly requiring extensive repairs, Mahogany ap-
plied to cabinet purposes cannot be excelled : where can we
find a wood of finer grain, or more susceptible of taking an
exquisite polish ? Yet this trade has been injured by tha
short-sightedness of government, and instead of being able
to extend our manufactures and export in this branch of
trade, we actually import from Germany yearly large quan-
tities of furniture which can be sold at a cheaper rate, whilst
the workmanship is of a superior order. In this town even
there is a depot for German produce. We draw the atten-
tion of shipwrights to the sale of mahogany. We shall on
Friday next again draw attention to the subject.
