CONTEMPORARY PRESS.

•4/13-f&Ns\,,
fit
V
It„, 0- ; -.:',...:' ‘`:,?„ • -..,7 0.,,,,
01 •.(• , ,
"14'4. 14", e • '
•V *4' ••••', w 411,
' • •
• ~.. .... . , -.., „.
7., f . .A,;,-,- i-..r rly •••• ,
w t.: ~ ';.7.-,-..,-,... ,-• •••

LIBERALISM IN SPAIN.
(Prom the Morning Herald.)
Espartero has been appointed President of the
Spanish Council. This man has now fairly revolted
against his Sovereign, and has forced her Majesty to
surrender at discretion. All that he desired is con-
ceded to him. Espartero has crowned his career of
cruelty and treachery by treason and rebellion.
The truly " liberal" movement of Espartero throws
a curious light on the value of those honours which
our ministers have recently lavished upon him. Lord
Melbourne and his associates have thought tit to be-
stow on Espartero the grand cross of the Bath, and to
accompany the gift with a letter, in which praise of the
most fulsome kind is lavished on the imputed heroism
and patriotism of this cunning cut-throat.. The Duke
of Sussex, too, of all men, was singled out to pen the
letter in question ; and his royal highness, with that
exquisitely had taste which has, through life, distin-
guished all his public exhibitions, contrived to render
more offensive a proceeding which no skill could have
divested of its inherently offensive character. The
Duke of Sussex lavished on Espartero's conduct terms
of the most fulsome praise. Amongst the phrases em-
ployed by the royal penman were these—" Esteem for
your person, and approbation of your loyal conduct to
your Sovereign"—" your absolute devotion to your
country"—" the regard and admiration with which her
Britannic Majesty's Government views your political
and military career"—" a faithful subject, a true pa-
triot, a man of honour, and a general as skilful as he
is distinguished." Such, we repeat, were the terms
applied to Espartero by the Duke of Sussex. What
may his royal highneSs think now of the Queen of
Spain's present prime minister ?
To bestow the order of the Bath on a man like Es-
partero, was to debase that illustrious order in so far
as any act of our " liberal" ministers might produce
such a result. The letter of the Duke of Sussex,
however, was more discreditable to his royal highness's
ministerial employers, than even the presentation of
the insignia of the Bath to the suborner of the traitor
Maroto. Few grosser violations of public decency
than the transaction in all its bearings presents, have
been attempted even by our Whig rulers. Yet our
Whig rulers had previously bestowed the honour of mi-
litary knighthood. on Colonel Evans—and they had
offered to raise Daniel O'Connell to the Bench !

In all its aspects, and at every stage of its progress,
the cause of " liberalism" in Spain approves itself
worthy of its " liberal" patrons in this country. The
war. in so far as England has been concerned, was a
mere stockjobbers' war. The assertors of " liberalism"
in Spain are usurers and robbers. They have made
war on the prerogative of the Crown : they have plun-
dered and oppressed the great body of the people.
The wretchedness and poverty of Spain have increased
in exact proportion to the degree of success which has
attended the cause of Spanish "liberalism.". In sup-
port of that cause millions of British capital and thou-
sands of British lives have been wasted. In attempt-
ing to support that cause, Colonel Evans contrived to
tarnish the honour of the arms of England, and was
rewarded by Lord Melbourne. In directing the ope-
rations of the " liberal' party, Espartero has contrived
to tarnish the honour of the arms of England—and
was rewarded by Lord Melbourne. In directing the
operations of the " liberal" party, Espartero has con-
trived to stain himself with crimes of every hue. For
the perpetrator of these crimes Espartero has been ho-
noured by Lord Melbourne with the order of the Bath,
and flattered by the Duke of Sussex, in a letter which
his royal highness, we dare venture to believe, now
blushes to reflect upon.

THE PRESENT CONDITION AND FUTURE PRO-
SPECTS OF BRITISH GUIANA.

(From Mr. Schornburck's " _Resources of British Guiana."
The last trace of slavery terminated in Guiana on the first
of August, 1838, by a bill having passed the Court of Policy,
or legislative body, which had for its object the abolition of
the negro apprenticeship on that day, unfettered by any re-
striction, and unconnected with any subsidiary enactments.
It was to be expected, that men who had been held, all
their lives, to compulsory labour, should be disposed to re-
lax, and in some instances totally abstain from it; but it was
scarcely thought, that in a colony like Guiana, where labour
was comparatively easy as contrasted with that on a sugar
estate in the mountainous islands ; and where, besides, every
contrivance which machinery could devise to ease manual la-
bour, had been introduced,—that the failure of crops would
have Leen so frightful. The first decrease arose from unfa-
vourable weather, and from the circumstance, that the negro,
unaccustomed to the new state of things, did not understand
his new position ; but it soon became evident that an irregu-
larity of labour existed, and that the planter could not be
certain of the same number of labourers in the field two days
together ; and many of the negroes, after working for a short
time, left their work in order follow their own incline-
nations. Another dimunition arose from the indisposition
of the women to attend to field work ; and though on many
of the estates throughout British Guiana a fair portion of
labour was obtained, the decrease in 1838, as compared with
the average crop of six previous years, was 9664 hogsheads
of sugar. The deficiency in the exports of the first quarter
of 1839, as compared with 18313, amounted to 1238 hhds., and
was ascribed to the excessive drought, which lasted upwards of
seventy days withoat respite, in consequence of which the
savannahs, creeks, or lakes, were dried up, and the trenches,
having no supply, were exhausted ; while the sugar canes
were left uncut from the impossibility of conveying them to
the works. The decrease in export for Demerara and Esse-
oeebo continued, and amounted, during the second quarter
of 1839, as compared with the average quantity of correspond-
ing quarters of 1831, 1832, and 1833, 4.473 hogsheads of
or sugar, 2565 puncheons of rum, 4086 hogsheads of molasses,
and 57,0601b5. coffee : however, " the lengthened drought
of the last and beginning of the present quarter would have
caused diminished crops in Essequebo and Demerara, under
the most coerced system of labour. The coffee berry is
fixed, and a large harvest is anticipated." Thus reports
Governor Light to the Marquis of Normanby, on 16th July,
1836. The exports during the third quarter, namely, from
the 6th of July to the 10th of October, as compared with the
average quantity of the corresponding quarters of 1831, 1832,
and 1833, prove unfortunately a decrease of 7720 hogsheads,
(12,660,8001b5.) of sugar, 2116 puncheons of ruin, 7309
hogsheads of molasses, and 1,271,8781b5. of coffee. The
deficiency in the coffee crop after the large harvest which
three months previously was anticipated, is startling, and is
decisive of the proof, that not only the unfavourable season,
but the general idleness and want of labour, had a great
share in the unfortunate results of the first year of the
freedom.
On the causes which produced that deficiency, I cannot do
better than quote the opinion of one of the ablest statesmen
of the present time :
" I am not disposed as a general proposition to refer this
falling off in the produce to the want of adequate wages as its
cause. Many vexatious disputes have no doubt arisen : the
proper rate of wages was all to seek : the engagements and
obligations of slavery had left strong traces in th habits and
minds both of employer and negro; the one, with little rea-
son, expected that the negro was, at all events, to carry on
the cultivation of sugar; while the other, with as little right,
thought he was, in any case, to remain in undisturbed pos-
session of his large provision ground. Aut a larger or more
' general cause had led to the decline of cultivation of sugar
and coffee. * * * *
" A few acres of ground will produce provisions for a fa-
mily with some surplus to sell at market, and bring home
manufactured goods; the negroes who earn high wages, buy
or hire nlots of land, and refuse to let their daily labour for
hire."
To this circumstance, coupled with the indolence to which
a great part of the negroes are prone, must be ascribed the
want of continuous and regular labour ; and consequently the
deficiency in exports amounted, at the close of the year 1839,
to £167,180, as compared with 1838, which year in itself left
a deficiency in Demerara alone, exclusive of Berbice, to no
less an amount than £930,000 as compared with 1837. The
conclusion is fallacious, that supposing the exports of sugar
for the year 1839, reach only 35,000 hogsheads, the return in
money will be larger than when the produce was at its great-
est extent. The very important fact, that the expenses of
producing a hogshead of sugar, are increased in equal ratio to
its higher value in the market, dces not leave sufficient profit
to the planter to counterbalance the diminished quantity of
his produce. Experienced planters fear that the falling off
in the crops in the present year will be much greater since
the labour which the planter was able to procure, was only
applied to the cutting of the ripe canes, while planting, drain-
age, and other labour for securing future crops were neg-
lected; and it is therefore to be foreseen that the cultivation
of the soil, which has been already neglected, will in a short
time be entirely abandoned, if some remedy be not devised
to replace those labourers who have become independent, or
follow other pursuits than field labour in order to procure
their livelihood.
An unlimited and free emigration alone is able to rescue
British Guiana from its rapid decline. Emigration alone will
enable us to reap all the advantages which this truly magni-
ficent colony offers ; a colony which, as at present situated,
experts with a population of 100,000 labourers 35,000 hoee-
heads of sugar ; while Jamaica, with 440,000 labourers, pro-
duces 53,100 hogsheads; and Barbadoes, with 90,000 coloured
labourers, 23,500 hogsheads ; a fact which forcibly points out
the superior fertility of British Guiana. This colony surpas-
ses equally in impOrts every other in the British West Indies,
and the import of goods of British manufacture amounted in

1836 to £5 14s der head; and have probably risen in 1839 to
£lO per head:
If the misery which would be inflicted upon the large ma-
nufacturing towns might be calculated from the effects which
the stoppage of the export trade caused in 1810 and 1811, the
prospects of the manufacturing districts in England, in the
case of the breaking out of any war with Europe or with the
United States, are distressing.
It becomes, therefore, the double policy of Great Britain
to foster the resources of her own possessions, in order to
increase with her population the demand for her manufac-
tured goods ; and the example of British Guiana, wh'ere in
1838, under the most adverse circumstances, the increasing
demands for manufactured goods and other supplies had oc-
casioned an additional tonnage inwards of 10,618 tons as
compared with t►r of 1836, will point again to that colony
as the mart where the manufactured goods of the mother
country are likely to find the readiest scale. There is every
fear that the growing manufacturing establishment on' the•
continent of Europe may shut out British goods from the
European market; and how far the European powers are
anxious to accomplish this, the Prussico-Teutonic com-
mercial league and Russian ukases have sufficiently shown.
In the colonies alone, from long-continued habits and con-
nections of their population, the supply of British manufac-
tures meets no competition from foreigners.
In the British West Indies, Barbadoes is the only colony
which is thickly peopled. Its population is computed at
104,000 inhabitants upon an area of 150 square miles, or 693
inhabitants to each square mile. The population is there-
fore in such a proportion, that the relation between the em-
ployer and the labourer is put upon a natural level ; and it is
generally considered that in consequence the free labour
system will best succeed in that colony. In order to accom-
plish the desirable object of raising British Guiana to the
state of the island of Barbadoes with regard to its popula-
tion, it remains to point out those sources from which la-
bourers may be obtained, who are suited for working under a
tropical clime. . .

Africa is the part of the world which for upwards of three
centuries supplied the colonies of European nations with la-
bourers. Abounding in a population which, buried in the
darkness of savage life, were divided in numerous tribes en-
gaged in constant warfare with each other, we will leave the
question entirely untouched, whether religion and civilization
have gained by the drafts which European nations have made
upon those unfortunate beings. The ties of relationship and
country were not torn asunder for making them converts to
religion and civilization ; cupidity was the mainspring of
those acts for which history will ever blush.
Plans have been proposed to establish steam navigation,
and to invite the most intelligent natives of the African coast
to visit Guiana, in order that they may judge for themselves
whether it offer any advantages which cannot be procured
in Africa, and communicate their experience to their own
countrymen ; by which means not only a stream of free emi-
grants might be obtained, but the success of this scheme
would be equally calculated to further the views of civilizing
Africa.

The short passage in steamers between the coast of Africa
and Guiana, might induce many to give their assistance in
getting in the crops; and return after having earned a sum of
wages, whi ;h according to their idea renders them rich. The
orderly and religious state cf the indigenous labouring popu-
lation in Guiana could not fail to have the best effects upon
the minds of the newly arrived Africans ; and at their return
to their homes, with the good example of their black brethren
in Guiana before their eyes, a powerful means would be given
of disseminating religious principles and civilization among
them. In this way the philanthropic views of Mr. Buxton
and his coadjutors would be promoted. The planter in
Guiana, however, could not calculate upon the timely arrival
of this assistance, which would be always subjected to cir-
cumstances and caprices ; and although many might settle
permanently, and amalgamate with the existing creole race,
this process is too slow to warrant the expectation of much
benefit for the colony. The most important question to de-
cide in adopting such a plan as an auxiliary scheme of pro-
viding Guiana with the necesary labour is, whether it would
meet the approbation of the British government ?
If the question be calmly considered, the plan appears
plausible, and deserves to receive the approbation of the Bri-
tish government, much as it might be opposed, for well-
founded reasons, to the entire transfer of Africans to an Ame-
rican colony. Under their protection, measures might be
adopted to facilitate this periodical emigration ; and its very
nature, that not a permament settlement, but merely their
labour for a certain period is aimed at, excludes even the
shadow of compulsion. Ireland, and several districts on the
continent of Europe, offer similar examples ; and the asser-
tion of the same right which the Irish labourer has at his op-
tion, if he considers himself wronged by his employer in
England, might be applied in a still higher degree to the
African, who offers his temporary labour to the colonist.
The peculiar situation of Great Britain in whatever relates
to the suppression of the slave trade, makes it, I fear, im-
practicable to recruit at the coast of Africa for permanent
settlers. Whatever might be the advantages which might
accrue to the African races from a permanent settlement at
Guiana, the evil genius of the slave trade has spread its wings
over benighted Africa, and the best intentions for the ame-
lioration of its barbarous population run the risk of being
accused of selfish views. The plans of the African Coloniza-
tion Society share a similar suspicion, and ate said to be un-
dertaken merely as the first germs of African colonies under
British sway. The treasures of the soil, of which that vast
region might be made the depository, and the reward of in-
dustry and social amelioration which await the African from
the realization of Mr. Buxton's plans, are as much exposed
to the mistrust of other European nations, as the scheme of
transferring the African for the same purpose to Guiana,
where there is a field sufficiently extensive tor millions to
reap the fruits of their industry and the blessings of the
Christian religion and civilization, and where the savage would
advance in the career of civilization with greater rapidity than
could ever be expected in Africa.
More effective measures however are requisite, than those
offered by the prospect of distant success in recruiting labour-
ers from Africa, in order to arrest the present decline of our
colonies in the west, and to stay the increase of the slave
trade, which in consequence of that decline has received a new
impetus. I need only to point to Cuba and Puerto Rico for
the proof of the latter assertion, where American and British
capital reap all the advantages of a continued slave trade and
an ample supply of labourers. The prosperity of these colo-
nies is unfortunately built upon the downfall of the British
colonies, suffering as they do the most urgent want of labour-
ers for their rich and luxuriant lands ; and the olny hope that
is left for averting this rapid decline of the colonies, is the
proposition of introducing a number of Indian labourers,
called Hill Coolies. It appears that this poor race have been
subject to the most abject state of degradation ; and if we
can believe the publie accounts, want prevailed in the British
Indian possessions in 1838 to such a degree, that 500,0(10 of
these miserable beings are said to have died of hunger. They
migrate into India annually in large numbers, in search of
employment, which appears to be precarious, while, if suc-
cessful, their earnings yield a bare subsistence. It was there-
fore imagined by some persons interested in British Guiana,
that if these Hill Coolies, who were starving, were to emi-
grate to Guiana, where an unlimited demand for labour would
ensure them high wages, they would not only profit them-
selves, but also the colony which was to receive their labour.
437 Coolies embarked, therefore, in Calcutta, of whom 16
died on the voyage, and two fell overboard in a violent gale;
while 419 landed in Guiana. Their terms of contract were
five years service for wages of five rupees monthly, payable in
dollars, at the exchange of two rupees per dollar ; they were
to be supplied daily with provisions, and annualy with cloth-
ing ; as also with medical attendance and medicine.
It is much to be regretted that no proper selection was
made among those who offered their services, and that ne-
cessary precautions were not taken at their arrival to prevent
the diseases which more abundant food, change of climate,
herding together in one room in lieu of separate houses, and
working at the fields without being inured to the climate,
were likely to cause. If some regulation had been in opera-
tion for that purpose, it is not likely that the sickness which
spread so widely, and proved so fatal to the Coolies, would
have occurred.* It was in consequence that the commissa-
ries appointed by the governor of British Guiana, to inquire
into the state and condition and general treatment of end-
grants, recommended that all emigrants, on their arrival in
the colony, should not be permitted to be located on any
estate, or elsewhere, until the agent for emigrants, or some
other person appointed for that purpose, first see and ascer-
tain that the dwellings to be appropriated for their reception
are in every way suitable and comfortable ; that the labour
required of them should be apportioned to their several cir-
cumstances ; that they should not be called upon to perform
a full day's work for several months after the arrival ; and,
if practicable, the wages allowed to them should not be less,
in proportion to the labour perforated, than is paid to the
other labouring classes of the community. This recommen-
dation was adopted by the governor, who observes on this
subject, in his despatch to the Marquis of Normanby, dated
Demerara, 14th October, 1839,—" The anxiety to meet the
views of her Majesty's government, expressed by the com-
munity at large on the subject of immigration, will enable
your lordship to assume any position, in protection of immi-
grants, you may think necessary. I have already given di-
rections respecting the reception of immigrants introduced
by private speculators, who have hitherto detained them on
board till located. The harbour-master is instructed to se-
cure immediate communication with the shore, and disem-
barkation within twenty-four hours of arrival in the river." f'
It cannot be denied that the loss of life by mismanagement
at the first arrival of the Coolies proved serious to them as a
body. Much of it was to be ascribed to the difficulty of in-
ducing them to submit to timely remedies, and to the expe-
rience of medical men ; but this aversion has been overcome,
and wise regulations with regard to their welfare have pro-
duced happy results. Indeed it is evident, that with the ex-
ception
of the African, they appear to be better qualified as
labourers in Guiana than any other individuals. It is repre-
sented by official reports that every attention is paid to ren-
der them comfortable, and from all the information which
was procured by the commissioners appointed for the purpose
of inquiring into their present state, it appeared that they
had considerably improved since their arrival. They executed
their work with a cheerfulness not to be exceeded in any part
of the world.

* According to the official returns of the stipendiary ma-
gistrate, dated November Ist, 1839, the number of deaths
which had occurred among the Coolies since they landed
amounted to sixty-three males and three females.
j- Parliamentary paper, " Hill Coolies, British Guiana,"
ordered to be printed 21st of February, 1840, p. 45.

DEATH OF THE COUNTESS OF DYSART.—We regret to
announce the decease of the Right Hon. Louisa Countess of
Dysart, Baroness Huntingtower, &c., which event took
place at her seat, Ham-house, in the county of Surry, on
Tuesday, the 22d instant. Her ladyship was daughter of
Lionel, third Earl of Dysart, by Lady Grace Carteret,
daughter of John, first Earl of Granville. and was born July
2, 1745. She was married in 1765 to John Manners, Esq. of
the Grange, near Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, by
whom (who died September 23, 1792) she had issue three
sons and four daughters. On the death of her brother Wil-
braham, fifth Earl of Dysart, in 1821, she succeeded to the
family honours and estates.
NOVEL MECHANISM.—At the Thompson Arms Hotel, in
Sunderland, on Wednesday week, during the serving of the
dinner given to Alderman Thompson, the novel sight was
witnessed of a table covered with vians, rising from the
kitchen to a level with the dining-room, and, the contents
being removed to the dining-table, the other descended and
again rose with a fresh supply, until the entire dinner was
served u.

ALDERMAN HARMER.—The election of Lord Mayor of
the City of London will take place on Thursday next. Ef-
forts are making to secure the return of Alderman Harmer
to the civic chair, but we hope, and we have the strongest
reasons for believing, that this mischievous attempt will be
defeated. We anxiously await the result ; for the conduct
of the citizens of London upon this oczasion concerns us, in
an important respect, as intimately as it concerns themselves.
Will the greatest city in the world invest with the highest
honours it can bestow, one who receives a direct profit from
the weekly sale of a paper containing the grossest, filthiest.
and most ruffianly attacks upon religion and the throne, that
ever disgraced the British press ; a paper which is the de-
spiser and contemner of all that is good and sacred in our
institutions? will they do this, and thereby stamp with the
mark of their approval the dissemination of principles which 1
we know to be exercising the most pernicious influence, not
in the large towns only, like. Tis,wbaut in
kthesmallest and re-
motest villages of the empire._ sp_ea of Alderman Har-
mer
yis strictly obnoxious to the
far the larger share of the
weekmivervel
alderman makes a poor at-
temptoafofarcntowthitihngia,
saying that he takes no part in
yesapsattchhe
remarks we have m:haaodsleds.eureThohfhebe.
to defend himself, by
since he lives by the paper; but
the conduct of the paper. Even
Moral, loyal, religious
the insertion or rejection of articles.
i
tawteeeiltdags
our knowledge, that he has exercisedwe a_control over it as to
the citizens of London.-43rIghton Ga.:att.
England is waiting with intense anxiety for' the decision of
•
