POLICE INFELLIGENCE.

CHARGE OF BIGAMY.—Joseph Cranage, an elderly man
of respectable appearance, and diminutive stature, was placed
before the magistrates on Monday, charged with having mar-
ried Georgina Hassan, his former wife being still alive.
The second wife, a good-looking young woman, aged 27,
appeared and stated, that she was married to the prisoner by
license, at St. Nicholas's Church, in the month of June, 1836.

The prisoner represented himself as a widower, stating that
his wife who had been absent from him for many years, bad
died at Paris.

William Cross, the brother of the first wife, deposed that
his sister had recently come to Liverpool, but she was so ill
tha! she could not attend the court, nor could any question be
put to her. He was present at the marriage of the prisoner
with his sister on the 22d of November, 1822, at St. George's
Church. They lived together for four or five years, when, in
consequence of some differences they separated. His sister
lived with her father, and afterwards with some respectable
relatives, whom he named, for a length of time. At length,
somewhere about 1830, she went to London, where she en-
tered into the service of afatnily, with whom she subsequently
went to the continent. During her absence they heard from
her very regularly.
Mr. Davenport, who appeared for the prisoner, said he
should be able to prove that the prisoner heard, and was fully
impressed with the conviction, that his first wife was dead,
and that, in fact, he made inquiries after her for twelve months
before he got married the second time.
Thomas Cranage, a brother of the prisoner stated, that
he and the latter married two sisters on the same day. His
wife was the sister of the second wife. His brother was
obliged to separate from his first wife, after they had lived
together for a few years. She went away, and he never
heard anything of her till he was given to understand that
she was dead. He (witness) was anxious to be married,
but he wasted twelve months that his brother might be mar-
ried at the same time, and to give him an opportunity of
making inquiries as to whether his first wife were alive or
dead. A newspaper was here handed by the witness to Mr.
Davenport, who said, " Yes; your brother even advertised
her, I believe." Witness—" Yes."

Mr. Hall required that the advertisement should be read.
The paper was handed to an officer of the court. It was the
Liverpool Courier. The advertisement was dated April 2,
1838, before the first wife had left Liverpol. It ran as fol-
lows:—" Notice is hereby given, that I will not be liable for
any debts that my wife, Sarah Cranage, may contract after
this date." The pr►soner's signature was attached

Witness said he had never seen the first wife but once
since the advertisement appeared. On being questioned by
Mr. Hall, the witness said be could not tell what steps the
prisoner had taken to learn the fate of his wife. He believed
he had made every inquiry.
Mr. HALL.—Did be make inquiry of her family, with
whom, it appears, she was in constant communication ?
Witness.—l don't know that he ever made inquiry at them.
William Cross said, though he had frequently seen the
prisoner, he never asked him any questions respecting his
sister.

The case was adjourned for further hearing►.
On Wednesday, Elizabeth Cross deposed that her sister
had been married to the prisoner about fourteen years ago.
They lived together three or fiur years, and then separated.
After the separation, Mrs. Cranage lived %%Mr her mother
about twelve months. She then went to London, but had
never been upon the continent; she had been to Margate,
the Isle of Wight, and other places, but had never left
England. She was occasionally in the habit of writing home
to her mother during her absence, which lasted altogether
about nine years. There had been a rumour of Mrs. Cra-
nage's death, but she believed that it had been circulated by
the husband himself. The prisoner knew that the relatives
of his first wile were in Liverpool, but he had never made
any application to them, to know whether she was alive or
dead.

The sister of the prisoner was next examined, and she

stated that she had told the prisoner, whe❑ his second mar-
riage was in contemplation, that he had no knowledge of
his wife's death, and cautioned him how he acted. As to
the report of Mrs. Crandge's death, she told him that he had
put it cut himself. lie denied this, and said that his wife
was dead. The witness answered, "She is not dead."
The prisoner was remanded to take his trial.

CLOSING SHOPS ON THE SABBATH.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDIIRD.

SlR,—With much pleasure and satisfaction I see the ma-
jority of the respectable hairdressers, &c. of this town have
come to the laudable determination of closing their shops on
the Sabbath day, and I am further gratified to hear that the
Watch Committee are determined to enforce so good an
arrangement. I regret to acquaint you that some of the least
respectable in the above business are decidedly hostile to
closing their establishments on the Sunday, and declare,
come what will, they will follow the old system. To reform
the rebellious few, I would suggest that a committee be formed,
of the most respectable and influential in the trade, to see and
report all those individuals who will desecrate the Sabbath
by shaving, &c., and I would request the heads of the police
to urge their officers and men to put a stop to those who
would act in defiance of this salutary measure.—Yours, &c.,
A FRIEND OF GOOD ORDER.

" TRANSATLANTIC BOMBAST."-AMERICAN

ARMY.
WHAT FORCE COULD BE BROUGHT AGAINST THE

AMERICANS, IN CASE OF WAR?

TO THE EDITOR OP THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.
SIR,—I was much astonished in reading a paragraph in
your valuable paper of the 14th inst., headed "Transatlantic
Bombast," wherein it is stated, that the editor of the New
York Herald asserts that there are four millions of fighting
men in the United States. I now therefore beg leave, with
all due deference to the editor of the N. Y. Herald, to con-
tradict his bombastic and ridiculous assertion. While in the
States, I frequently read articles of a similar tendency, and
never bad the pleasure of seeing them contradicted. I shall
therefore have an eye upon their assertions, and I venture
to say, that nine assertions out of ten will be found to be
incorrect. I will go the "whole hog," and if 1 do not " row
them up salt river," I ant much mistaken.
I will dispose of the Herald first. lu the Politician's Guide,
(Philadelphia, hey and Biddle, 1835, page 10,) I find the
" fighting men" of the United States amount to 1,362,315,
instead of 4,000,000, as the Herald asserts! ! The standing
army of the U. S. amounts to only 5,052 men, being only
166 soldiers to each state and territory! Of the standing
army and militia, I know not how to express myself. I only
wish, Mr. Editor, you could have seen a muster of these
"fighting men !"—then, and only then, you could appreciate
my feelings. The most miserable squad of wretches I ever
saw collected together was upon an American "field day;"
some with guns, others with swords and pistols, whilst others
had rifles, muskets, blunderbusses, &c.. the whole arranged
in the most picturesque disorder. The "fighting men"
laughing and talking—the officers joking with the soldiers—
the shrill fife and discordant bugle—the ill-timed march—
wretched ignorance of the commands; and the whole turnout
was the most laughable and disgusting attempt at military
order I ever beheld, or ever will behold again. This is no
high-coloured picture: I appeal to any honest man, who has
visited the United States, if this is not "the truth, the whole
truth, and nothing but the truth." In Kentucky, Ohio, and
Pennsylvania, I had numerous good opportunities of seeing
the "standing army," and certainly I never saw such an
apology for soldiers: neither their persons, dress, nor disci-
pline would lead you to form any other opinion, than that
they are, in the words of an American paper, "a host of igno-
rant pretenders!" I ask any military man, what could an
army of undisciplined men do in war ? Their numbers would
only lead to the greater defeat; they could do nothing against
a disciplined army. Place 1,000 Britons, in a fair field, with
10,000 Yankees, and the result is obvious: the Yankees
would be mowed down like grass. Another thing is, they
have no experienced eicers to command an army. What
are men without good officers ? Nothing. They have, in
fact, no officers worth talking of, and not one of them capable;
of taking the command of a large army. The Americans
could never fight like brave men. In the revolution and last
war, they fought like what they are—a batch of cowards.
They always fought behind rocks, trees, walls, &c.; they
concealed themselves clandestir.ely to pick, choose, aim,
and shoot their fellow-men,—in short, converted themselves
from self-styled soldiers to cold, bloody murderers.
I shall now show, and clearly prove—
What force could be brought against the Americans in case
of war.
IsT. THE BLACKS.—The coloured people in the United
States, free and slave, amount to 2,800,000 to 3,000.000! !
of which number, 1,014,345 are male slaves-153,545 free
coloured males,—total, 1,167,896 coloured males! Slaves
capable of bearing arms, 760,754; free coloured males too,
115,153 ; total coloured men capable of bearing arms,
875,917 ! ! Here we have 875,917 men that are enduring all
the tortures of slavery, kicked and buffeted, lashed and sold,
by the democratic whites! Would these men fight for Ame-
rica or England in case of war? I need not answer, they
would rush to the standard of Great Britain, and defend it
with the last drop of their heart's blood. They would fight
with the desperation of tigers; and well knowing the result
if they were defeated, they would go to the battle with an
impetuosity not to be repelled. An eminent French writer,
who resided in the United States several years, says:—" In
case of war, the blacks will have numerical strength and the
energy of despair on their side; and these are powerful re-
sources to men who have taken up arms. The fate of the
white population of the Southern States will be similar to
that of the Moors in Spain. After having occupied the land
for centuries, it will, perhaps, be forced to retire to the country
whence its ancestors came, and_ to abandon to the neyroes the
possession of a territory, which Providence seems to have
more peculiarly destined for them." This truly would be the
fate of the Americans ;—they know ir, and dread it. The
Northern States would have to take care of themselves,
without helping the South : even if they did come to their
help, the climate would reduce them—the fever and alt its
results await them; while, on the other hand, the blacks are
accustomed to the climate. These are great considerations,
and sooner or later will be found to be true. The northern
coloured people know "Slaves cannot breathe in England,"
and a great part of their southern brethren also. They know
our West India slaves are free; and joyfully would they join
the standard of England, and rout their heartless oppressorS.
The blacks are increasing daily in numbers. From 1790 to
1830 the whites have augmented in the proportion of 80 to
100, and the blacks in that of 112 to 100! ! Thus we see the
blacks are gaining the ascendancy in numbers. The Phila-
delphia Ledger says :—" Should foreigners interfere, who
shall say that a black empire will not rise up at the South,
to be in continual war with the North? Would the Mexi-
cans, already exasperated by our injustice, be idle spectators?
or would they improve the precious opportunity to raise an
African barrier between themselves and our Anglo-Saxon
spirit of encroachment?" The abolitionists of the North—a
large and powerful body—would help the freeing army. I
have heard some of their first men say so. They know the
wretched government they are living under. One of their
chief men, the agent of the New England Anti-Slavery
Society, said,—" The American Union is the most bloody
and heaven-daring arrangement ever made by man ! —the
Union, a wicked and ignominious compact !—the signers of the
declaration were men who virtually dethroned the Most High
God!—the American Union, the most atrocious villany ever
exhibited on earth! I recognise the Union with feelings of
shame and indignation; it will be held in everlasting infamy
throughout the world—an unholy alliance!!"—Address of the
Agent of the N. E. A. S. S., published in the Colonisation
Herald, Philadelphia, May 16th, 1838. This is the opinion
of the abolitionists of America, and they will stand by it. The
coloured men, backed by the presence of a British force,
would carry every thing before them. God will guide them.
Liberty or Death! will be the watchword, and victory will be
the result.

2ND. THE INDIANS.—These are another body of perse-
cuted beings. Driven from their lands—transported in rotten
steamboats, and then blown up! hundreds at a time ;—all for
what? Because they say, "We will not sell the land that
contains the bones of our fathers." For seven long years
have the Americans hunted the Semniole Indians in Florida.
The war commenced in the Americans selling the wife 'f the
gallant Oseeda as a slave. The Cherokees, a tribe of civilised

Indians, who talk and write the English language, have
churches, schools, &c.;—and they—ah ! they have not es-
caped the persecution of the Americans. They have been
transported from their cultivated lands in Georgia to the
unknown regions west of the great waters of the Mississippi.
I have seen numerous Indian tribes transported beyond the
Mississippi. I have conversed with the chiefs of the Chero-
kee—Semniole—Winnebago—Choetau, Chickasan—Cteek,
Kickapoo—Pottanatomie—Ottaway—and Miami Indians.
They know our power. Black Hawk. and several of their
chiefs, are well-informed men. They know there is "some
happier island in the watery waste." 300,0(X) Indian war-
riors are upon the confines of the United States. They are
only watching the opportunity to rush upon their heartless
oppressors. They can overrun the West and South Western
States, and co-operate with the Negroes. Then woe betidt-
the Americans! 300,000 oppressed Indians will march onward
to liberty or death. The tomahawk and rifle will not be
hung up in their cabins, till they have given a good account
of the last A merican.

3u n. THE MEXICANS.—It is well known, the injuries the
Mexicans have sustained at the hands of the Americans.
Texas, a large and valuable tract of land, has been snatched
from them by a band of lawless villains. They applied to
the American Government for redress, but in vain. The
so-called "Republic of Te.vas" has been sanctioned by the
American Government, and is recognised by them as such.
Therefore, the Mexicans would gladly accept and benefit by
,a chance of not only regaining their lost territory, but of
being revenged upon their detestable neighbours. 500,000
men could be spared by Mexico, to invade the States. This
is a fact, and the number is not exaggerated. The Mexicans
ru❑ no danger of being invaded, neither have they any com-
merce, worth talking of, to lose. Some of the Americans
know this. In the Philadelphia Ledger, March, 1838, I find
the following:—" Would Mexico, already exasperated by
our injustice, be idle spectators (in case of a war with Eng-
land)? or would they improve the precious opportunity to
raise an African barrier between themselves and our spirit
of encroachment?" We wira. SOON SEE whether or not this
is the case.

4TH. HAYTI.—This black nation would be a pewerful
auxiliay. They hate the Americans most cordially, and
amongst them reside great numbers of coloured people, who
fled from American tyranny, and they have brought with
them a hatred never to be quenched except by blood. Boyer,
their king, is a fine, dashing fellow, very ambitious, and
entertaining an utter contempt of the whole American fa
mily. They could send a powerful army of coloured men to
help their brethren In bondage. The Haytians are a very
military people, brought up :o arms from their infancy, re-
gularly drilled and accustomed to military affairs; they have
some exellent officers amongst them, capable of commanding
any'army. This I know from facts and personal observations.
About 200,000 could be spared to invade the south, and these
200,000 as fine coloured fellows as ever drew a sword.
STH. WEST INDIANS.—The population of the West India
Islands amount to 2,000,800; British West India, 754,800.
The coloured people are all now free men, enjoying the
blessings of British philanthropy. These men know what it
is to be slaves and free, and they can feel for their fellow-
countrymen in chains. 100,000 of these men could be sent
to the Southern States, to help and tight in the cause of free-
dom.

6TH, AND LAST, THOUGH NOT LEAST, BRITISH CANA-
DIANS.—In the Canadas there are about 100,000 British
fighting men, men of whose bravery I need not speak, it
being too well known. They are excellent riflemen, and,
amongst other blessings, detest the Yankees to their heart's
content. The Indians are coloured men. I have not been
enabled to learn their number, but, at the very least, they
muster 100,000 fighting men. The British Canadians ate
the most loyal of her Majesty's colonial subjects; and, as
their national anthem truly concludes,
" Ear from our father's land,
Nobly we'll fall or stand,
For England's Queen;
In town or forest, free
Britons unconquered, we
Sing with true loyalty;
God save the Queen."
Therefore, the grand sum total of the force that could be
easily brought against the States, is 2,175,917 !! !
This needs not further observations. And here we see
that 2,175,917 fighting men could be got to invade the United
States. And, truly I think that the Americans will repent
the day that gave England cnuse for sending such a force
against their country. This number is exclusive of Engl►sh
troops to be sent from Great Britain, say 300,000, which
could easily be done. And '2,475,917 men could be marched
against the Americans, ready to tight and die in the glorious
cause of rational liberty, defending and protecting the ban-
ner of the greatest, the freest, and noblest nation under hea-
ven—England.
Apologizing. for taking up so much of your valuable time
and paper, I have the honour to remain, yours, &c.,
December 21st; 1838.

S. W. B

SINGULAR DISCOVERY OF BASE COIN.-At Pedmore, on
Saturday last, a person of the •name of 'rubor found, in the
trunk. of an old tree, a small tin, box, which contained 178
counterfeit shil'ings of the coin circulated in the reign of
George IlL—Ten Tam' lifdssexpur.
