I am, sir, your humble servant,
ANTI•.RADICAI

Liverpool, 1814 July, 1840

MELANCHOLY BEREAVEMENT.—Loss OF THE SHIP
LOUISIANA.—It is our painful duty to state, that the fears
which have for many weeks been entertained for the safety of
two of our young townsmen, the sons of Thomas Blackburn,
Esq. surgeon, who were on a voyage from Rio Janeiro to
New York, have been fatally confirmed ; no doubt being felt,
either at New York or at this port, that the ship in which
they sailed, the Louisiana, Captain Marsden, must have been
lost in a storm, with all on board. This most afflictive event
having excited strong and general sympathy, we feel called
upon to mention the leading particulars. Mr. John Black-
burn, who was the eldest surviving son of Mr. Blackburn,
and had recently become his partner, having suffered from a
pulmonary affection, sailed to Rio Janeiro in the spring of
last year, for the benefit of his health ; and his youngest
brother, Mr. Britain Blackburn, accompanied him, to render
the attentions required by an invalid. After a residence of
upwards of seven months in Rio Janeiro, and at the Organ
Mountains, with great benefit to the health of Mr. John
Blackburn, the brothers sailed trom Rio for New York on
the 12th of February, hoping to reach England by the month
of June. The Louisiana, though not a new vessel, was ac-
counted a good one, and was commanded by Captain Mars-
den, a very able and experienced seaman, who had made the
voyage between the United States and Brazil seventeen times.
The ship was expressly recommended to the Messrs. Black-
burn at Rio, as the one most likely to score their comfort on
the voyage. It was expected that the Louisiana would reach
New York early in April ; hut, from the day that she sailed,
she has never been heard of. No account of her being spoken
at sea has appeared either in the New York shipping lists up
to the Ist of July, or in those of this country. It is known,
however, that severe gales were experienced in the Atlantic
off the coast of North America at the end of March, and the
beginning of April ; and it is supposed, that in one of those
gales, whilst croazing the lower part of the Gulf Stream,
where the sea is peculiarly dangerous in rough weather, the
vessel has been lost. Early in May, great apprehensions
were felt for the Louisiana in New York, and now all hope of
her safety has vanished.—Times.
ARRIVAL OF TROOPS.—There are now anchored in the
Sloyne two fine frigate-looking government vessels, of large
tonnage, though barque rigged, which have brought from
Scotland a large portion of the-78th regiment of Highlanders.
The gallant soldiers were landed on Wednesday and -yester-
day. These are, we learn, on their way to Birmingham.
They are a fine looking athletic body of men, and their cos-
tume is of the most graceful Gaelic.

The prospects of the sportsmen are very favorable this sea-
son. Grouse are unusually plentiful—another result, we sup-
pose, of the early and beautiful spring. Throughout the
northern counties and Scotland the birds were never more
plentiful on the hills.—Netccastle Journal.

A WICALRY SHIP OWNER.—A gentleman in Whitby, well
known as a shipowner in that town, is possessedof the whole
of the " Ocean," and halt of "Great Britain." Startling as
the fact may appear, it is no more strange than true, and
bears out the saying that " facts are more strange than tic-
tion."—Northern Times.
On Wednesday evening, James Lulharn, a boy of ten years
of age, came to his death by injuries inflicted by an antelope
belonging to Mr. Bailey, of the Swiss Gardens, at Brighton.
When Oxford fired at the Queen and Prince Albert, why
was he like O'Connell ? Because he was for a repeal of the
union.

The Jupiter troop-ship, on her way to China, arrived at
Madeira, all well, ou the Ist inst., and was to proceed on the
following day.—Hampshire Telegraph.
The Memorial des Pyrenees states that the civil war in
Spain has lasted six years nine months and two days.
The Prince de Canino, Lucien Bonaparte, is said to have
(lied of the same complaint as his brother the Emperor Na-
poleon—cancer in the stomach.
The Royal Agricultural Society of England held its annual
meeting at Cambridge during the past week. The show of
cattle and stock of all sorts was of the most splendid descrip-
tion, and proportionate prizes were awarded. The town
presented an immense influx of visitors, and upwards of 400
noblemen and gentlemen dined together in the magnificent
dining hall of Trinity College. The Dukes of Richmond,
Rutland, and St. Alban's, the Marquis of Northampton,
Earl Spencer, and several other noblemen and gentlemen,
were among the guests.

BON Mo7.—§peaking of our excellent Sovereign, we cart-
not help noticing a remarkably good, joke, of one of the wit-
tiest of our lawyers, who, "sub ro.ya,
4: says more good things
in a given time than any fifty of his learned frieds," who,
when expressing his certainty that the country would be de-
lighted at the birth of an heir to the throne, was met with
the question—" Ay, but what would the people say if there
were twins?" " Why," said the learned gentlemen, " that,
perhaps, would be more than they want—l think that the
nationwwolduld
hn Bube satisfied with the pledge without the dupli-
cJull.

ENGAGEMENT WITH THREE SLAVERS OFF Tim COAST
OF CUBA.—In February last, in a letter from the Island of
Caymana, it was stated that three or four slavers, bound to
Cuba, were expected in March last to a particular strait,
known only to the pilots of Cuba. This information was
immediately communicated to the commodore, who, within
a few hours, promptly despatched two ships of war to cruise,
under a Caymanean pilot, in the strait referred to. One of
these vessels, after cruising the month of March, returned to
Port Royal in the beginning of April. The other, about a
fortnight after, fell in with three of the expected slavers ; and
from a letter, dated Grand Caymana, May 30, it appears that
the commander of the British cruizer attempted to board
them ; the slavers fired into and shattered the man of war's
boats. It is not stated whether any lives were lost ; but the
bold attack of the slavers proved successful to them, for they
all escaped, and no doubt with flying colours, as having over.
matched British interference, carrying their cargo of living
merchandise into the strong-hold of West India slavery.—
Jamaica Paper.

the pernicious nature of the principles on which the
bill is founded.. Those principles are, as Sir Robert
Inglis well observed, entitled principles of appropria-
tion :—they are, in truth, principles of spoliation.
Mr. Hume admitted the true tendency and character
of the measure, when he declared that his only objec-
tion to it consisted in the fact, that it did not go far
enough in placing ecclesiastical property at the disposal
of Government. Ecclesiastical property, according to
md reasoners of his school, is public pro-

Hume

s assumption lies at the bottom of all modern
•ms of the church : all such." reforms," there-
re to be resisted at all hazards, and to the utter-

is utterly untrue, that church property is public
.rty. Church property, undoubtedly, stands to
üblic in a relation different in some respects from
in which private property stands; but church pro-
as little belongs to the public as do the posses-
of any individual member of the community.

The administrators of public affairs are, ex-eicio,
trustees for the right management of church property;
but trusteeship in the case of the state, no more than
in the case of private individuals, conveys to the trustee

any right or ansottne .
The current slang on this subject amongst the eco-
nomical philosophers is, that the church can have no
property, inasmuch as churchmen cannot sell or dis-
pose of the sources whence their incomes are derived.
The inference, therefore, is, that churchmen are merely
salaried servants of the public, like soldiers and sailors;
while the title to what is styled church property resides

in the public

fallacy of these assumptions is transparent
The property of the church was, at one time,
operty of private individuals ; and if private
j is to be considered as sacred, the right of
livicluals to bestow their possessions on the church
cannot be deemed less sacred than the right of indivi-
duals to turn their possessions to any other use. As
to the fact on which so much stress is laid,—the fact
that churchmen cannot sell nor alienate the sources
whence their incomes are derived—what does it prove ?
It proves, assuredly, nothing against the right of the
church, however it may prove that the rights of each

propert

generation of churchm-en are limited. The same cir-
cumstances may, however, be noted, in the case of
every corporation. Corporations may, and do hold
masses of property; yet each individual race of corpo-
rators is utterly powerless to sell or dispose of the cor-
poration property. What is true in this respect, of
every corporation, is true also of the church. The
church possesses property, which the ministers of the
church are not at liberty to dispose of.
The right of the public, in the matter, is simply a
matter of trusteeship. The state is bound, in certain

• -
cases, to superintend the application of ecclesiastical
property; but the property never, on that account,
ceases to be ecclesiastical. As well might it be con-
tended that all the property placed in chancery is the
property of the Lord Chancellor, as that the property
of the church can ever belong to the state.
The Ecclesiastical Duties and Revenues Bill is, in
its intimate nature, an act of spoliation.

The harvest in France, with the exception of the barley,
promises well.

SINGULAR CASE OF COLONEL MURRAY AND HIS WIFE.
—BRUSSELS, JULY 18.—We have mentioned that Colonel
Murray had come from Paris to Brussels, to surrender him-
self prisoner on an accusation of attempting to assassinate
his wife on the Boulevard of Waterloo. In the month of
November last, a handsome lady, mounted on a white horse,
and followed by a servant in livery, was taking her usual ride
in the Boulevard of Waterloo, when all of a sudden she per-
ceived her husband, whom she believed to be at Paris.
Being rather alarmed at his appearance, she turned round,
descended the Boulevard, and went home ; on her return

•
she again she again saw her husband on the Boulevard ;+ he
had in his hand a cane of unusual dimensions. On return-
ing home with her servant the, fair Amazon saw the vestibule
spotted with blood. On examination it was found that the
servant's horse had a wound near the tail, from which blood
flowed in abundance. M. Doutreligne, one of our ablest
veterinary surgeons, was sent for, and declared the wound
was caused by a fire-arm : but as no report was heard either
by the lady or her servant, it was concluded that an air-gun
must have been used. rSuch are the facts on which the accu-
sation of Colonel Kent Murray is founded. The colonel,
however, meets the accusation by pleading an alibi; he
affirms, in a memorial which he has lately delivered, that in
the month of November last, and especially on the day when
the attempt was made, he did not leave Paris. We are as-
sured that he adduces the minuteAt details, and offers to
prove this alibi ; while several witnesses who have been ex-
amined in the preliminary proceedings declare that they saw
the colonel at Brussels some days after the alleged attempt,
and Mrs. Murray, her man servant and her maid, declare
that they could not be mistaken.—Brussels Paper.

TABLE AND DEGRADED STATE OF THE LITERA
gGLAND AT THE PRESENT DAY.—That the i-
our country has had at all periods, a vast intlu-
er the manners and morals of its people, is positionijeiiti
11 not be controverted. The press,—and the
especially—is a formidable species' of literatureetin its9il
The horrible details of offences, the reportsthe pro-
gs of police offices, &c., are so many shocks to the eye
iocence, delicacy, and virtue. Still worse are such p b
ms as Paul Clifford, Oliver Twist, Jack Sheppard,a
n Dullard, 4.e., to say nothing of the loathsome
papers, the Paul Pry, the Socialist's Journal,
Stephen Dullard, (published too hy the Queen's
iv, I, it is one of the latest, so it is one of the grossest
--- tribe, dealing by wholesale in the coarsest, filthiest,
and most brutal butchery, and with scarcely a redeeming trait
of talent. " These are cases," observes a contemporary, in
which ignorance is bliss ;'—and were it possible, would it
not be desirable to remain for ever ignorant of the existence
of vice? And without bringing it to our doors, without in-
troducing it into our parlours, ouc drawing-rooms, our
boudoirs,—without placing it under the very noses of our
wives and children—those whom we would willingly preserve
without spot, or stain' or any such thing—are we not in our
daily walks compelled to witness too much of it—to be too
deeply initiated in its mysteries ?" But by the circulation of
works, such as those we have alluded to, our youth are fa-
miliarized with crime as the infant is with its mother's! milk.
—Cheltenham Journal.

of unstampec

PROSPECTS OF THE SESSION.—It appears from the orders
of the House of Commons for the present week, that there
are at pr sent thirteen bills before it waiting for a second read-
ing, seventeen waiting to be committed, nineteen waiting a
report, and five waiting for a third reading. This is inde-
pendent of the appropriation bill, not yet introduced into the
commons, and the regency bill, now in the House of Lords.
There is, therefore, a grand total of fifty-six bills still to un-
dergo consideration in the House of Commons. Out of this
number, we believe that there are not more than three which
have come down to the Commons from the House of Lords.
If the session is to be closed within a month as public report
asserts, the House of Lords must get through their share in
the process of legislation with more than railroad velocity.—
Timm, Tuesday.

The second return relates to the London district post. It
appears that in the first four weeks after the reduction from
2d. and 3d. to Id. 1,332,555 letters passed through the post.
In the four weeks ending June 20, these numbers had in-
creased to 1,702,344, or above 30 per cent. Before any
change whatever, the average weekly number of letters was
254,225. The weekly average at the present time is 423,086.
So that the metropolitan local letters have increased upwards
of 66 per cent.
The third return shows the progress of the weekly numbers
for the whole of the kingdom in monthly intervals :
Week ending Number of Letters.
24th Nov., 1839 (before any change) 1,585,973
22d December, 1839 (4d. rate) 2,008,687
23d February, 1840 (Id. rate)
22d March, 1840
26th April, 1840
22d May, 1840
21st June, 1840

The week ending 26th April being Easter week, and con-
sequently a universal holiday week, accounts for the slight
falling off in that week. Excepting. this week, and the first
• 5.A.1,..“..a••••• .•-• 1,1, lie it SAA
hers have been increasing for the last three months.—
Morning Chronicle.

QUICK VOYAGE.—The barque Ritchie, 916 tons register,
Capt. Duncan Kerr, belonging to Pollock, Gilmour and Co.,
of Glasgow, has just arrived in the Clyde from Quebec, after
a passage of sixteen days only, being the quickest for a ship
of her size on record. The Ritchie has performed the voyage
in less time than it has ever been done ; having been absent
from this conntry only two months and three days, including
day of sailing and day of arrival.
News has been received here by way of Vienna, that the
Egyptian party at Constantinople are intriguing to bring about
a marriage between the Sultan's second sister and Abbas
Pasha, grandson of Mehemet Ali, which alliance would set
the seal to the reconciliation between the port and the Vice-
roy of Egypt. Khoerew Pasha is to give up 11,000,000 pi-
astres (only a small portion pf the treasures which he has
amassed), after which the port will send him into banishment
to Mocha.—Frankfort paper.
A NEW CotN.—At the Bolton Court of Requests held on
Tuesday, in the case of a debt owing to a shopkeeper named
Crompton, the plaintiff was asked by Mr. Hulton, the judge,
" Did you ever call upon them for this debt?" ' The plaintiff
replied, " Aye, aw cawd till aw durst not caw no longer ; for
th' last toime us aw went, aw said, ' Neaw, Tummas, are not
you gooin to pay me a bit o' summat tawrt this ?' Un he
said to we, ' Ye awl pay thee every hawpeuny in abeawt two
minutes ; if theawlt wait till aw put me clogs on, awl pur
thee till theaw knows nobody.' "

LUDLOW ELECTION.—On Friday, the Speaker of the
House of Commons announced that Mr. James Coppock (as
agent for the two men of straw who petitioned against the
return of Mr. Botfield as member for Ludlow) declined pro-
ceeding with the case. Consequently, Mr. Botfield is the
unchallenged representative of the borough. The case which
Mr. James Coppock and Mr. William Downes would not
venture to proceed with, must have been hopeless indeed.—
Salopian Journal.

GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY.—WO understand that the
line to Swindon, upwards of 80 miles from London, will be
opened next month. The journey to town will then be per-
formed in about six hours. The permanent rails are now
laid from Bath nearly to the terminus at Temple-gate, and
the works there are in a very forward state.—Bristol Stan-
dard.

The weather throughout this district has, during the pre-
sent week, been highly favourable to the growth of the corn
crops, which are now generally in ear, and strong upon the
ground. Whatever interested parties may say to the con-
trary, it is manifest, from the published accounts, that if,
during the next six weeks, we are favoured with genial wea-
ther, of which there is every reasonable prospect, the crop of
wheat in the whole country will be an average one.—New-
castle Journal.

DESTRUCTION OF A VESSEL BY FIRE.—The following is
an extract of a letttr from Brest, dated July 10 :—" A bottle
was picked up at Audierne on the Bth instant, containing a
piece of paper, with the following written in pencil on it :
' Tbis bottle was thrown out nine leagues outside (name ille-
gible), S.W., when we were obliged to take to the small
boat, when our vessel, the Sylph, bound from Halifax for
Liverpool, was in flames.7—JOHN DOMAN, captain. Febru-
ary 20, 18402 "

We understand that the works upon the Great North of
England railway are proceeding with much vigour, and that it
is expected the line will be ready for opening as far as Darling-
ton in October next. The whole distance between the me-
tropolis and that town (about 250 miles) will then be traversed
with great ease in 12 hours.—Railway Times.

MINISTERIAL SYMPTOMS OF A VACATION.—Since the
Melbourneites came into power there has usually been a run
of ministerial dirty-work at the fag end of every session.
The session of 1840 is no exception to the rule. We have
before us two measures, one entitled " a bill to repeal so
much of an act of the ninth of Anne as prevents the re-elec-
tion of mayors of parliamentary boroughs and other annual
returning officers ;" the other, " a bill to explain and amend
the act to regulate parochial assessments." The first is
merely intended to protect such people as Sir T. Potter from
the consequences of their friends' love displayed in making
mayors of them two years together. The second, however,
has a more sinister and less worthy end in view, and must be
diligently watched. By the second clause power is given to
borough justices to hold special sessions for hearing appeals
against rates--a power hitherto exclusively enjoyed by coun-
try justices, and one thdt ought scarcely to be confided to the
hands of men who make it a point of principle in their private
capacity to oppose all rates indiscriminately. As applied to
Manchester, it would have the effect of giving the borough
piagistrates power over the rates of the whole parish—even
in those townships not included in the municipal borough.
Thus the contumacious spirit of the procorporators in those
townships would find a ready sympathy and protection in
the borough bench, and they would seldom appeal in vain.—
Manchester Courier.
DEPARTURE OF THE STEAM-SHIP PRESIDENT FROM
COVE—MELANCHOLY CATASTROPHE.—We have this morn-
ing received a letter from our Cove correspondent announcing
the departure of the steam-ship President, on Saturday
evening, shortly previous to which the following melancholy
accident occurred :—A pleasure-boat, containing 13 persons,
when returning from visiting the vessel, was caught by a
squall when off Haulboline and upset, when, melancholy to
relate, before assistance could be procured five gentlemen of
the party met a watery grave. Three of the sufferers were
fine young lads, sons of the Rev. Mr. Willand, of Cloyne,
the other two were Mr. Henry Roche, of Aghado, and a Mr.
Johnson.—Lime, ick Standard.

H.M.S. Modiste, (IS) sailed from the Cape of Good Hope for the
Mauritius and China 30th April
H.M.S. Nimrod, (20) from Plymouth, at the Cape of Good Hope,
and sailed 13th May for China
Christiana, --, hence at Havana
Breakwater, Pearson, hence for Pugwash, at Arichat
Courtenay, Brown, and Endeavour, Houghton, hence at ditto
The Forester, Parker, hence at Matanzas.
The John Woodall, Williams, hence at Rio Janeiro in 47 days.
The Leda, Rowe, hence at Marseilles.
The Agnes, Mur, and Belle, Robins, hence at St. Petersburgh.
The Amy, Goddard, from Konigsberg for this port off Freswick.
The Massachusets, -, from New Orleans at the Clyde.
The Active, Moore, from Frederickstadt, and Caroline, Peterson,
from Revel at Deal, and both sailed 17th inst. for this port.
The Norfolk, -, from Matanzas off Dover.
11.M.S Sapphire, from the Clyde at this port.
H.M.S. Athol (troop ship), from ditto at ditto.
The British Queen (steamer) from London for New York, was
spoken 11th July, in lat„46 26 lon. 35 0.

_ ..
The Devon, Gething, ?fence for Sincapore, was spoken I 6 July in
lat. 9, N. lon. 24, W. ' • and the Brutus, hence for Africa, on the 26th
July, oft Bardsey, by the Anne, from Africa.

The Siddons, Palmer, heneeVor New York, was spoken sth July,
in lat. 44 30, lon. 42. 80.

The Hey Wood, hence for Africa, was spoken 4th June, in lat. 12,
N. lon. 27, W.

The Christina, hence for Newfoundland, was spoken 7th July, in
lat. 44, lon. 43.

The Shamrock, from. Elsinore, was spoken 4th July, in lat. 37,
Inn. 39.

The Lapwing, hence for New South Wales, was spoken 17th
July, in lat. 51, lon. 6 15.

The William Lockerby, hence for Calcutta, was spoken 18th
July, 50 miles S.S.W. of Tuskar.

The Martha Ridgway, from London for New Zealand, was spoken
15th July, in lat. 48 36, lon. 8 15.

The Norval, hence for Newfoundland, was spoken in lat. 50,
)n. 2'2.

The Vixen, from Malaga at this port. On the 23rd June, in lat.
38, lon. In, spoke the Vesta, hence for Odessa. On the Bth July,
in lat. 43, lon. 12, spoke the Leonora, hence for Demerara.
The Agentina, -- from Monte Video atthis port. On sth
June, in lat. 7 20, N. lon. 23 30, spoke the General Wolfe, hence
for Rio Grande. On the 6th July, in lat. 42 0, lon. 45 0, spoke the
United State, and Thomas P. Cope, hence for Philadelphia. On
the 20th off Tuskar, spoke the William Russell, hence for Bahia.
Aux CAYES, 11th.—The Euterpe, Cumming, from Maracabio for
Liverpool, was wrecked Bth June, on Leone Reef ; crew saved,
part of the cargo expected to be saved. The vessel will be a total
loss.

THURSDAY, Juix 23.—Wind N.W. moderate,

English - 37 0 39 0 PEAS, Grey 3B 0 42 0
Chevalier 3B 0 41 0 White 44 o 46 0
Scotch, per 601 b. 4 6 5 0 SUIP BREAD, per 1121 b.
Irish 4 3 5 0 In bond l4 0 17 0
Foreign, iu bond, 0 0 0 0 FLOUR, English, per,2Bolb.
OATS, per 451 b. Fine.. 48 0 55 6
English
Scotch 4 0 4 4 Amer. I+, brl. free
Irish 3 8 4 2 Sweet U. 5..... 37 6 39 0
Foreign, in bond 3 6 3 9 Sour 34 0 35 0
Ditto, duty free.. 4 0 4 4 OATMEAL, per 2401 b.
RYE, per quarter .. 36 0 38 0 English . -

34 0 35 6
35 6 37 0

34 0 35 6
