TO CORRESPONDENTS.

The order for the insertion of the advertisement relative to
" The Rock Ferry Steam Packets" Caine too late.
Several original communications are unavoidably postponed
for want of room.

Irk ILibtrpool ,Stantlatb.

FRIDAY MORNING, JUNE 22, 1838.

o- The Publication of the STANDARD commenced this morn—

ing at To'clock.

THE UNITED STATES.—By the arrival, on Wednesday►
of the Sheridan and the Columbus, we have received co-
pies of the New York papers to the 2:1 instant. The
latest arrivals from England when these packets sailed
from New York were, from London May Ist, from Li-
verpool May 21

These papers contain an acconnt of a disgraceful at-
tack upon a British steamer, called the Sir Robert Peel,
which was lying at anchor on the American side of the'
St. Lawrence. The vessel was set on fire by fifty artned
and masked men, who are suspected to have been citi
zens of the United States. This fresh insult to the Bri-
tish flag was likely, however, to be avenged by Colonel
M'Nab, who had forthwith marched towards the place
wlibre the vessel was destroyed, which was within a few
miles of French Creek. No lives were lost on the oc-
casion, but one man was severely burnt. The following
extract will explain the motive in which this act of vio-
lence is supposed to have originated :
(From the Al4any Argus of June 1.)
Extract of a letter from Geo. C. Sherman, District A ttorner-
Watertown, May 30, 1838.
To his Excellency Win, L. Marcy.
Dear Sir,-1 have this moment received by express, from H.-
Davis, Esq., custom-house officer at French Creek, a letter of
which the following is a copy, and the information therein cuo-
tamed may be relied upon as correct :
"Clayton, May 30, 1838.
"Sir,—Last night, the British steamer Sir Robert Peel, was
boarded near this place, by about 50 armed men in disguise;
the persons on board driven on shore, and the boat set on fire.
and wholly consumed. You are requested to aid the proper
authorities in the affair, or to advise the proper course to be
taken.

(*Respectfully, yours,
"G. C. Sherman, Esq." " H. DAVIES.
I have this moment learned that Capt. Armstrong had com-
mand of the Robert Peel, against whom, it is said, the refugees
had an old grudge. He resided in this village during the last
winter, and was charged as being a spy upon their operation!.
I mention this circumstance as authorising the belief that this
act has proceeded from the patriots, or refugees, on this side.
No person, to our knowledge, was recognised as having bees
in this outrage, but individuals residing at French Creek have
been missing for several days. A portion of the Sir Robert, IL
is said, was owned by a citizen of Ogdenburg.
From Jason Fairbanks„Deputy Marshall:
"I intend immediately to repay French Creek with Dr.
Carrier, the collector, and an officer authorised to call out
the militia if necessary. A letter has just been received from
French Creek calling for a force to protect them from being
burnt to-night, as a measure of retaliation.
"All is excitement here; and a rumour is afloat that the'
arrangements of the pirates were to make a simultaneous attack-
upon eight different boats at different places."

With respect to monetary affairs little change seems to,
have taken place at New York". Manifestations of ate.
early and general resumption of cash papments were pre-
valent throughout the union. 'We subjoin the state ofir
the money market and exchanges :
(From the New York Daily Express, June 1.)
EXCHANGE—FOREIGN.—Up to yesterday, Bills on England'
sold at 1071 to 108—but as the packets did not sail it left consi-
derable purchases to be made to-day. The repeal of the Trea-
sury Circular and the announcement that the United Stateg-
. Bank would resume specie pa)inents, has had an immediate'
effect to carry up Exchange nearly one per cent. Many of the
first bill drawers declined sales at 1084. at which, however, there-
were some transactions. On France, Bills stood at 5,30, which'
is a little better.
M ONE Y.—The financial condition of our affairs bad gradually
been getting better and better all the week, owl) yesterday,
when there was a decided change. The virtual repeal of the'
Treasury Order, in the Senate, sod subsequently in the House,
had a very favourable effect. The advance on cotton in Liver
pool, also contributed to help the market. Yesterday,
ever, when the letter of Mr. Biddle, was received. anon, <'t''lr
!'his determination to resume specie payments, and to est,.
a Bank in New York, there was an immediate revival; e!`
monied and business men felt an increasedehancnoenifi. defin;coenelyhaits..te.uhl
ness would be restored to
moresit former
outas b
withen tmorehe p a
freedom.st w e,
Stacksabu itliadvaen ta,ilanjdumthpeedLaunpl,s Will
in colla--
quence of the state of things that exist.
THE TOBACCO CROP.—U nfavourableeceounts of the growing'
crop begin to come in from various parts of Virginia and itlerr
land ; which, however, should be received with caution till L 44
old crop now in the market is disposed uf.

CANADA.—By the Columbus we bare received MOW'.
treat papers to the 30th of May, and Quebec papers to
the 28th of May. ' They bring us the news of Lord Dui*,
ham's arrival in the Hastings, The following axe eK,
tracts :

•
Yesterday(,Fhroeinr tl4eajQesute4/S°l:lligaartgewl'iftteMsaLlttlig expected's
made her appearance to the Irahour, to the great relief of many
anxious husbands ot the regiments which left Nova Scotia and
New Brunswick for this province, during the winter, and whose,
wives and families were on board her Sla jest y's sbip, and in-
deed of the public in general; for, front the length of thin: she
had been on her voyage from lialitax, it was impossible uot. to
feel some anxiety at her nonsappearauce. Sbe has net, how-
ever, been In any danger, woe have those on board experienced
any greater hardship than cold weather, and being ice-bound
in the harbour of Arichet, has inflicted, The detachments ow,
hoard were of the 15th, 34th, -13 U, 6fith, and 8514 regiments,
and about three p.m. yesterday were transhipped on boatd the
steam-boat British America, to proceed to loin their respective
regiments at their several stations, The men appeared in good
health as seen au hoard, the steam.bnat•at the wharf but they
were not permitted, except sonic few by special permission, to
come on shore. The brings 500,000 dollars for the milts
tary chest.
Iler majesty's sloop Racehorse, 18 gnus, and the Stakesby
transport, also arrived yesterday, by which the number of her
majesty's vessels in port is now the same as it was previous to
the departure of the Edinburgh, Apollo, and Athos
The vessels above mentioned as arrived, have brought men,
horses, and money; lirel'ique having detachments for
regiments at present in the upper district of tin:, ;,m% . and
5(.10,000 dollars in specie—the Stake, frei;-:,ied
horses belonging to the Earl of Do th,..••-• d
the Guards. The Racehorse brings spes,...: ;or the Commiss..eiat
Depart inent, •
The Earl of Durham's horses were disembarked from the
Stakesby yesterday at the Queen's 'Wharf,. and conveyed to thq

NR,42.

•
es I---a T 7: 1 h ,o the Castle (1!r l.l, V ail' p!oven in
tiutnber-slll49,olftrafsoine .rininials; three, w. .hear, dii•il oil then
vovage out, the original riumber,.ernbaiked the S!al.es'uy
)01 ,The.ltarrehorse eame.frotrunerrtinda : the have not heard the
itunfositit of specie briAight. by her. • •
• (Frost the. (2 ftebee: klerenry of May 2.3.)
Ship Lady Gordon, Scurr, Ist Ma"v; Halifax, order, stores of
4..ihe3ith ri,ginie'nt, 327 tionae • and. children of the 3lth and/Kith'
regiment.

(Front 'the Quebec Gazette of May 28.)

Aitia;vAL OF Loup punnam.
Iler majesty's ship Hastings, in 33 days frotn Portsmouth,
arrived here yesterday afternoon, havi• g on board his Excel-
. lelloVtlie Right Him. the Earl of Durham,•Goverbor-General
of Biitish North America, the Couutess of Durham, family and
:suite.
• he streets ant wharfs were immediatelv-crowd.al with the
inhabitants, in The-expectation of his Excellency landing. hi-*
Was undottitood that he would not. land till this day at
11l epidue te.o'cloc"
frigate; after a passage of 27 daY's 'froth Halifax,
arr•
pdY.eil at Quebec a` few days previously, with, troops, and
,',..7!•ooo'.'itf specie on board; The Racehorse, Sloop of war,
Stile West.lptlies. and the Stakesby transport, front Ports-
ninoth, have ato arrived. •
The;RacehdrSealso has £125,000. in specie.
Respecting; the internal affairs of Canada we have lit-
tle. information,- excepting what is conveyed in the
w fol-
lo•
= - extract from a private letter with which we have
been favoured :
(Extract Ora letter of 21 Jude, :min a highly respectable
authority at New York.l
now
All is ha, but it is 4 calm-only, I fear; for
depend on it, the frontier people will be againin arms the next
\cioql4'''''And' I am afraid the conspifacy, on this side. the lines
I mean, is'niore e7iten,ive than is coMmonly supposed and
nothing eau diveseniv mindof the belief that the -.ivernment
ae by its agents, secretly in the plot. l'apineatillas been in
Albany all the winter, hid away in• the house of one of the
AKrily Regency ! In that house alt the plotS have been con-
i,!„!',..4` lie is there still. In Washington altad spirit seems
prevail tespecting the North-eastern bodndary, Mr.. Web-
ster is about to adopt all the feelings of the people of INlaine.
Thi,, is powerful support, and, one which I never expected they
'Pula receive. To you I speak freely but confidentially andllo4 '-a4Vire you that I see many inditiatiOns of approaching.
"Hi ik'Vfar, I fear, will, at no, distant period, be the result.
I dln't see how it can be prevented, unless it be impossible to
kick'En.l.,nd into one. But we shall See.--Do not let your
friends be bullied intwany false security.
I think- 1 .was'right in Inv opinion that Te.rns should be inde-.
pendent, and acknowledged to be so by England—what. a fron-
tier- fOr sending British goods to the South-eastern states in the
event of hostilities.'—The whole line of the Sabine arid Red
Rivers will be open to you irTesas be not one of the United
States. •

• THE WEST INDIES.—We have received our files of
the Jamaica Dispatch and the Jamaica Royal Gazette,
!.p to. therl7th Nay, inclUsive; and also .a copy of the
Barbadian of. the I6tlv• of May. The • tatter paper has
the folloi.Vitig paragraph . .
LEGISLATIVE.INTELLIGENCE OF THE HIGUEST
IMPORTANCE.

"Isis Excellency the Governor met the Board of Council
'YeMei-daiisid the House of Assembly Was in session according
to'adjournment. Sixteen members were present, and we are
}l,”lPy to say, that the Bill fii(terminating the apprenticeship
of the .pr.-rdials on the Ist of August, was, after 'a conference
With the two houses, pasSed, one member only dissenting,
'Passed unanimously by the Council, and assented to by the
'Governor. . The Mutine Packet, we understand, has been de-
15inedr9 this day, in order that the important bill may be taken
Llo England. The same, measure, we hear, hes passed in St.
Vincent, butours 'will be the first at the Colonial office.
:--"We most heaftily and sincerely congratulate the country
'on this decision. of our Legi4lature'wnich in all human proba-
bility will confer a lasting benefit on the people of (his land."
The sante paper,contains a copy of the act, which we
regret, we hal'e.nott room for in our present publication.
It announces that the legislature of the island have
(teethed- itWedient to terminate the apprentiCeship of
the praxlial.laborirerla-on the Ist day of August next, and
• -exonerates them from-MI-and -every the obligations i
Posed upQn
,th&abey'i7fitid,lll43inS and penalties incurred
tinder, the act for the-abolition of slavery.
',,:•.:Orte:otalreeitheturentsitif this bill is of great import-
ance. It is comprised in. the :second clause, which regu-
Liles the voluntarylabour ofsuch apprentices as may not
choose to-avail themselves of the opportunity-of leaving
their employers orrthe first of Auguit. The clause en-
acts," that until the Ist of November next ensuing it
shall-not be lawful for .the owners' or directors of plan-
tations or places, to eject or expel any praalial appren-
ticed labourer or labourers hereby discharged for the re-
tuaining term of •his, her, or their apprenticeship as
aforesaid, who shall be willing to continue to perform
such work as shall be assigned'to-him, her, or them, and
shall duly and faithfully perform -the same for stipulated
wages on such plantations or places, from the houses or
Habitations which he, she, or they respectively personally
°Ceupied his, her, or their state of apprenticeship as
aforesaid; but the said owners.. or 'directors of the said
Piiolt.ations,.or places, shall be and they are hereby re-
Tilted. to permit and stifit-Talie said labourers to have and
!44:19Y respectively the personal occupation of the 'said
houses or habitations by way of a temporary., and gratui-
tous aceommodation arta the said first, day of November
next ensuing, without any 'milestation or interruption
Of or by the said owners or directors of the said planta-
tions or places, under a penalty of fifty shillings current
money or this island, to,be recovered before any justice
of the peace as in the caseof servants' wages, and paid
tt' the party aggrieved. Provided hlways, that in case
of non performance of work, Of insubordinate, quarrel-
some, disorderly, or riotous :beliaviont, or In case of
drunkenness, theft, trespass, or other gross delinquency
(:)1.1 the part of any such labourer, it shall be competent to
two or more justices of the peace, upon due and impar-
tial inquiry into' the merits of the complaint, by an au-
tlority under their hands and seals to sanction the ex-
pulsion of such delinquent."
The third clause enacts, that the owners or directors
of plantations or places, shall be required to supply those
Persons who, in their aforesaid state of appleadiceship,
were attached to such plantations or places respectively,
and shall, on the said first day of August, 1838, be afflicted
with any such disease, or mental or bodily infirmity, as
ntaY tender them permanently incapable of. earning any
Part of their subsistence, with adequate food, clothing,
medicine, medical attendance, lodging, and maintenance,
daring their natural lives, or until due and adequate pro-
'ision shall be Otherwise Made for them-by law, under a
Penalty of Two Shillings and Six Pence current money
of this Island per week; to the use of the person not
supplied as aforesaid, to be recovered before any Justice
of the Peace as in the case of servants' Wages. Pro-
vided always, that in case any such person afflicted with
any such disease, or mental or bodily infirmity as afore-
said, shall have 'any relations or kindred, or reputed
relations or kindred in the first'degree; able to maintain
Him or her,. the owner or director of the plantation or
Place to which he or she was attached as aforesaid, shall,
from and after thefirst day of August, 1839, be relieved
from any. • frirthei- liability for the fcid, clothing, Medicine,
medical attendance, lodging, and maintenance, of such
infirm person. And Provided•also, that iircase the owner
of any planitation or place to, which any such infirm
person shrill have been attached, shall be in such reduced
circumstances as to be unable at any time to furnish such
•
food, clothing, medicine, medical attendance, lodging,
TallT''nance as aforesaid, then and in such case the same
a
rarilutnished to such infirm person by the chuich-,
Parish the 11°f the to which he or she shall belong, at
cost
ar-
'lll expense of the said Parish."
siderablassi"g* of thiS act must necessarily exert a'con •
Uti it influence over the other West India Islands.
we-611 Practical eitcal effect, as respects the negroes themselves,
draw, I scarcely venture to speculate. It is evidently
tlt& most conciliztbry spirit, and if it should
ilati attire. the Warne. can never be imputed.to the
c
uniniated planters, .who have thus voluntarily
m aint,s
ttioiitteel their. apprentices.
tsc.ll remarked by the Janzaz.ca Dispatch, that
pte%;t":tiOtl of Barbados and the condition of its,ap-
a:l7‘z: are not ard6 ow; to those f Jamaica: rite
uh disproportion"ingnuMbers of the free inhabitants,
txttnrired
the, t, the. coloured population, will, in
alteri.sland, cause a considerably greater amount of
,'Y 1.11 entering upon any arrangements fur' the
piireo€!_tr.laannlc,ipation of the apprentices.
Council
there is little news of any consequenee.
had determined upon summoning the
I'
of `l-''soiliti'y to woet and proceed to business on
t"(' 314 • Which
_00,4.1 was supposed that the first question
initnedi'a.e)lo.4-mg•ve- their attention would be that of. the
,itthieet
Dzngtipution of the apprentices. On this
,na cfri.of the 17th nit. remarks—
uisc or jec,l'huw immediate emancipation were 11164011
.hr bad not the British Government, which
aitcrcl upoa abolished it; and taken the re.sPou-
„,
0", t its necessaqacr,unihseque.nces upon themselves. NO.:
They pretend that they
I*n no, they have set o.
tJ Is7lriuignh°to:allidi.dbcYo.trilsl7it(jurtigioinnanitr:::inuig%ctt,;alVlT
,tor.ti ,
Ykt head,;, The fact is, the

.• • ,•

British GoverHrtent fort see the weighty reprinsiliililits of the
Measure, th, tieggaiy aul des'titutiim which emancipation will
cause •to one li)tfof ihe workin, p;ipulation of the Island, who
are now fostered, under the provisions of the apprentice law'
by the boutrty of their musters: and they wish to throw Ihe bur-
den of the grievous taxation, which must attend the freedom of
the s

ayes, upon the shoulders of the colonists themselves.

" We hope, however, bur Assembly will leave this measure
entirely i;) the hands of the British Giivernment, who have in-
variably rejected theiracts for the improving the working of the
system—have listened to the misrepresentations of our enemies,
and have encouraged every system of injury and oppiession
which could tend to harass the already plundered Planter, and
disgust him With the apprenticeship."

_ . .
It is stated that in St. Andrew's and in St. George's
the apprentices in many estates were in an excited state,
declaring that they would not workafter the Ist of August.
This must be viewed as the effect of the continued agita-
tion of the anti-slavery-folks in England. We have no
doubt that this agitation was designed by Messr. Sturge,
and Co., to produce the very effect of which we have
spoken. • ,
Much of the evil which has tindoubtedly existed under
the abolition act, but which we maintain does not nebes-
sat ily arise from the operation of that act, has been owing
to the treacherous manner, in which our imbecile govern.
ment have carried it into execution. The weakneSs and
pusillanimity of the governors, and the contumacious
conduct of the special magistrates, many of Ivliorn are
men- of very indifferent characters, have tended very
greatly to impede the salutary working of a bill which
was designed to produce a gradual relaxation of the sys-
ton of coercion under which the slaves were living,. and
converted itinto an instrument or oppression towards both
masters and apprentices.

THE Coa6NA'rrON.—Owing to a. press- of local intelli-
gence ,we have no space left to dilate upon the arrange-
mentStfor the celebration of the coronation of our gracious
Queen. We have no doubt that every thing will be
dOne: for., the best, under the superintendence of, the
respectable conmii ttee appointed for the purpose of con-
ducting, the festivities of the day In the meantime we
w6Uld'brg'el.irp.o47*Our 'friends the necessity of contributing
in?;neciiatelli and' liberally in augmentation of the funds.
Let the celebration be worthy of the object 'of our honour
—worthy of, the character of linglishmen---and Creditable
to tile "good old town." • ..
