DANIEL IN FOR IT!

(From the New York Courier of 11th November.)

O'CONNELL—If there be on earth one human being to whom
talents have been granted for evil, it is the base, brawling de-
magog,ue whose name we have prefixed to this article. On the
whole course, the whole dishonest, and self-interested, and am-
bitious course of this creature we have long looked with disgust
and loathing. Ireland's worst enemy, under the guise of friend-
ship, wringing the wretched relics of their hard earnings from
the hands of the starving wretches whose cause he would be
thought to advocate, that he may revel in abundance—he the
agitator ! And for what—for what has he agitated Ireland—for
what has he taught her peasantry that they are seven millions
in number—for what but to increase their misery and his own
blood-bought income, aye, blood-bought? For the rent that is
paid to this most desperately wicked man is earnest by those
denunciations of the church. and state which have driven the
sons of Erin to midnight associations and to midnight massa-
cres—which have gained for them nothing, absolutely nothing!
Neither in civil nor religious freedom have they in truth been
benefited aught. For who will pretend to tell us that the aboli-
tion of test acts of the repeal of pains and penalties have ren-
dered one son of Ireland more happy or more free than he was
before? It truly makes our blood boil in our veins when we
read the blarneying, brawling, bragging speeches of this foul
incendiary; when we hear him boasting of his patriotism, his
incorruptiblity, his devotedness to liberty and to Ireland; when
we consider tliat year after year he riots in the expenditure of
thousands of pounds sterling, wrested by shillings, and by six-
pences, aye, and by single pennies, from the famishing gripe of
widows and of orphans, of beings who are thus robbed of their
last potato, that this corrupt and greedy demagogue may feast
upon champagne and venison.
There is in truth no point of his character that is not calcu-
lated to call forth the unqualified contempt of every honest and
high-minded man, whether he be a friend or a foe to the party,
by bucklering to which this thin+, has made himself a man.
Whether we look upon him as the' robber and grinder of the
poor, as the selfish aggrandizer of himself at the cost of the
misery of thousands, as the ferocious slanderer, the deliberate
utterer of calumnies, which he lacks the courage to sustain, or
as the calumniator of all men born in stations superior to his
own, and adorning those stations with virtues such as he knows
by name only, and with talents not, like his, perverted to the
basest and most sordid ends, we shall behold in him the genuine
demagogue, the bully coupled with the coward, the intriguer
without one spark of 'generosity or honour—a Catalina in all but
courage to acemnp!ish his flagitious ends.
The Irish Michiavel has now turned an abolitionist—a pious,
praying, preaching fanatic! At Glasgow he mounted a baptist
pulpit, and delivered an oration aniid the acclamations of a few
hundred paltry radical weavers,ahe scourings of the looms of
that entirely manufacturing city, and entertained his select and
elegant audience with a tissue of the lowest and most foolish
abuse against the people of these United States that ever eman-
ated from the mouth of man. " Time Americans," he said, "in
their conduct towards their slaves, were traitors to the cause of
human liberty, foul detractors of the democratic principle, and
blasphemers of that great and sacred name which they pretended
to recognise. In reprobation of that disgraceful conduct his voice
had 'wen heard across the wide and deep Atlantic, bike the
thunderstorm in its strength, it had careered against the breeze
armed with the lightning of ehristian truth. lie would have the
proud Americans know that all parties in this country united in
condemnation if their present conduct:" This is the same indivi-
dual who a year or two ago was mistaken by the people of this
country for a patriot and a friend to liberty, who really possess-
ed golden opinions among the citizens of this mighty nation,
which he now presumes to slander with a malignity that is equal-
led only by the ignorance that dictates it.
We well remember when first, after running a muck, like a
drunken malay, against all that is noble, and most that is vir-
tuous in England, he undertook to vilify this land, to which if
he were, what he professes to be, a republican, he must look
with pride; we well remember publishitg, a notice of his swag-
gering insolence, which was at once and in tots denied by the
Irish papers of these states, as a garbled falsehood of ours,
forsooth, to injure the cause of the green island. It is net,
however; long before he again broke out with his abuse against
the land wherein thousands and tens of thousands of his house-
less and homeless and pennyless countrymen, desolate outcasts
from the soil of their nativity, have found hospitality and More
than equal justice; have amassed riches and acquired power,
and been embodied among the citizens of that republic, whose
inhabitants their Coryphmus styles traitors and aristocrats, the
proudest of the proud. , It was not long before, at a London
anti-slavery meeting., he again belched out his nauseous slang
against us, which, with a meanness exceeded only by his pre-
vious ingratitude, he instantly withdrew in an apolgetic letter,
when taxed with his impertinence.
This last time he has however, exceeded himself:—"
Es-
PUCLICANS, he said, w*s PROVERBIALLY PROUD; and, there-
fore, he delighted to taunt the Americans with the superlative
meanness, as well as injustice, of their assumed airs of superiority
over their black fellow-citizens. Whilst this continued he would
never cease to hurl his taunts across the Atlantic. And oh, but
Oerhaps it was his pride that dictated the hope, that some black
'Connell might arise among the slaves, who would cry • Agi-
tate! agitate ! agitate !' till the two millions and a half of his
fellow-sufterers learned the secret of their strength—learned that
they were two millions and a half:"
To regard this farther than as evidence of this man's true ob-
jects and character were indeed beneath us; but as affording
a clue to these, his jargon is worthy of some little notice.
How admirably does his first expression tally with his pre-
tended
admiration of equality and of republican principles ;
how admirably does it tally with his previous professions !
How exquisitively does he show the true leaven of his proud
nature in the black O'Connell; but we can assure labn that
should some black O'Connell arise—as he expresses it—he will
not be treated by the government of these United States with
that false leniency which led the English government to over-
look the crimes of his white protopype—blacker within by the way
—than the dark skinned pupil whom he so eloquently invokes
to follow in his footsteps—no, the black O'Connell will be
hanged here as the white one would have been long ago in
England had he met his merits, and as he will probably be here-
after. We presume his next step will be to cry agitate, agitate,
to his own American Irish countrymen, till they shall learn the
secret of their strength—till they in short shall declare the pope
their supreme head, and Dan. O'Connell his vicegerent in
America, and, for aught we know, president, or emperor of the
Irishmen of America ! Seriously we do think that the influence
of this maligner of our country, our institutions, and our honour
—of this man, in respect to whom it was lately proposed to let)?
an Irish legion in our streets to be denominated the " 0' Connell
Guards"—We do think that the well known influence of this bad
man with most of the Irish, whether here or at home, should
create in our minds some slight distrust, should cause us to
hesitate a moment ere we encourage the extension among us of
naturalised population avowedly clinging to one another, notes
Americans but as foreigners, and influenced to the last degree
by the brute clamour of a man, who dares to stigmatise the
whole population of America AS TRAITORS AND BLASPHEMERS I!

PORTABLE L A BORATORT.—The attention of the public bas
of late years been directed in a very powerful manner to the
study of chemistry, and various efforts have been made to clear
this popular and most important science of the many technical
difficulties which have obviated its success. One of these, and,
indeed, the greatest, may be found in the varied expenses to
which the pursuit is subjected. The apparatus necessary for
even a preliminary acquaintance with the science has hitherto
been an almost insurmountable obstacle to its extension. Mr.
Ede, therefore, who; in his Portable Lat-eretsrry, has -concen-
trated all that is requisite for performing a course of interesting
experiments, and, indeed, to repeat those of the lecturer, for the
small (miga of £1 Ils. 6.1., has conferred an invaluable favour
on society, and effected that which we have long wished to see
accomplished towards the practical attainment of chemical know-
ledge. This gentleman, we are happy to say, has met with such
success in the sale of his laboratories, as to induce him to turn
his attention to an enlarged cabinet, which, we understand, he
has ready for almost immediate publication, with considerable
improvements and additional apparatus to facilitate the opera-
tiona of the student. From what we have seen of it, though not
a Sir H. Davy, we do nut hesitate to say, it will prove exceed-
ingly well calculated for the dilitante amateur, and we sincerely'
trust not only the chemical world, but every friend to the ad-
vancement of science will patronize the undertaking in the
manner it so richly deserves.
ANONYMOUS SL A NDER.—The gentleman who has been ano-
nymously, impertinently, and very unjustly charged with hav-
ing been the author of an anonymous letter to a member of the
Rev. Mr. Jones's congregation, takes this medium, the only
one open to him of snaking the denial, of declaring upon his
honour as a man, and his faith as a Christian, that the imputa-
tion is altogether unfounded. While tendering this assurance
to his anonymous slanderer, the gentleman earnestly recom-
mends him, more in pity than in anger, to desist from his lire-
sent course, and cease to annoy, by insinuations as false as they
are unjust, arid therefore undeserved. Not knowing, and in-
deed not caring who his anonymous correspondent may be, the
gentleman further recommends hint to study more attentively
the text with which he closed, that piece of gratuitous imperti-
nence, his letter—" And that ye study to be quiet, and to do
your own business." After the unqualified denial here given,
the advertiser expects, if his accuser have any honourable or
gentlemanly feeling in the composition of his character, that he
will have the manliness to call at the STAN DA RD-OFFICE 4 and
pay the expense of making this communication. If he adopt
this course,it will be taken as a retractation of,and as an apology
for the accusation.—London-road, Dec. 7, 1833.
REPRESENTATION OF WEST GLOUCESTER SHIRE.-11 UTROUrS
of a contest for this division have been current during the last
week, and the names of Mr. Edward Protheroe, jun. (our
"aspiring young statesman.") Sir John Guise and Colonel
Kingscote, have been mentioned as candidates on the reform
interest. We believe, however, that the liberals will not venture
to put forward an opponent to Mr. Hale. They know full well
that the conservative ranks have been for some time and -are
dailysgaining- fresh recruits from the. radical side, We could
name, several parishes in which this gratifying change, has taken j
place, where, at even the period of the last contest, the cornier-
yesterday; and' nunte-
vatives were outnumbered, but have now a considerable mejo-
uisition to Nit', Hale,
rity in favour of the constitution in church and state. Meetings
rwoeursesliigenl held
tiunr several
e stthoe
the divisionrei
whose return is as certain as any thing human can be.--Felix
were townsacheind
Farley. •
