TO COARESPONDEND

to our noble Whig Governor and the attempt
to separate the free-coloured population from
Governor is in a complete state of exile, no
official gentleman goes near him, and in his lal
island hardly one gentleman's house was °pet
by which he was compelled to stop at mean ta
tremendous long journies. He is, holrew
among the low brown people and the slaves in
regard he seems to endeavour to court.

Extract from a letter dated Jamaica, 4th

A Proclamation against the violence of our
ists has issued from the King; this was as it
punish offenders against the laws for rioto!
LOrd M. accompanies it with denouncing
them, and to deprive magistrates and officers j
of their commissions. He evidently shows a
the coloured and black people ; they already sei
placards and every thing inflammatory going of
ness of the press is beyond conception, and
difficult to surmise.

It Was reported in Jamaica that Lord Mi
called, and that he would leave the island
month of March. It will be seen by the fr
from the Jamaica Courant, that the Whit
trick in proving themselves to be, when in
secutors of that press which they have ins,:
eulogized, and admired when out of office

"Yesterday morning, it was soon known, th.
the Governor had been graciously pleased to
torney-General to institute an ex-officio int
the Editor and Publisher of the Despatch N
libel on his Excellency, and tending to bring
tion of his Government into disrepute, &c. &i
which appeared in that journal on the 29th
some expressions in that paragraph which w;
very courteous towards his lordship; but in,
far as our humble conception extends, -not sf
rant the Executive in instituting proceedi:
vexatious and obnoxious 'character. Ex-offl
have been deelared.to be out of fashion in 1
have not been attempted to be introduced into
last nine years, when a Jury stood foriard 1
pressed and his oppressors; and from what we
ries, we are quite satisfied, that whenever th,
deviate froln the usual course of proceeding, tha,
do their duty fearlessly, justly, and impartially.
The object of Lord Ilulgrave is evident.
gay the press—a measure in which his lords]
self somewhat mistaken, as we are neither in
Germany, or even in Italy ! In Demerara,
adopted—it was tried even in Trinidad, and fai
ever Britons find that tyrants endeavour to di
of the Press, we know they will rally round
how they can defend an engine which will ev,
tremble. 'We speak of course of the legitimat
Press; but while discussion is carried on wit,
the man in power, who shows too much sew
fair strictures on his public conduct is unfit
man," and it is well known to our readers th,
ran, Sir John Keane, and Lord Belmore, en:
of editorial license : butdid they ever attempt 1
ficio informations? They did not ; and we bt
of those who were opposed to these gentlemen
sincerely regret their absence. Some allo,
ought to be made for Lord Mulgrave ; he is ;
of six and thirty, on whom the sun has always
and because he can write novels, he imagined
man of business, but in the latter he is evir
and we have yet to learn, that there is any
road to acquire the art of diplomacy, any mor;
matics ! !,

"We repeat our regret, that the conduct of'
should have reduced himself and the Colon.
condition. The signs of the times are awful,
vation is coolness—discretion, with determin.
these united, Jamaica must yet flourish."

FROM A CORRESPONDENT.—We antici,
cation of our commercial and maritime fri
flouncing the arrival of Lieutenant Denhan
assistants, for the purpose of taking an A,
of our port and adjacent coast, in like man,
effected in the Bristol Channel, by that ta,
ergetic officer.

.In our last we made a slight mistake in our artic,
Company. Instead of private traders' tea not be,
1836, we should have said 1835. The three y(
alluded to is not yet in the actual possession of the ,
England or in China, but is contracted for by the
and, of course, must be received by the compa,
respects the details were correct.

On Monday, the 4th instant, at St. John's Cl
Mr. Wm. Hull Platt, of St. Anne's-square, to 1
Redburu, Herts.
On Sunday, the 17th instant, at Trinity Churcl
bow, constable at the Parish-office, to Mrs. Mar
of the late Mr. John Hewitt, horse-dealer, of this
On Monday, the 18th inst„ at St. Philip's Chum:
Bowstead, M.A., Mr.. John Amos, to Margaret, sisl
M. Fisher, M.A., Great George-street.

On Tuesday, the 19th instant, at Shawbury,
Biseoe, . Rector of Whithurn, Herefordshire, T'
Grappenhall Heyes,
_Cheshire, to Alicia, second
Charlton, Esq., of Wytheford Hall, in the county
On Thursday last, at the Old Church, Warringtoi
Miss Catharine Clayton, daughter of the late iNj,
Warrington.
Same day, at Christ Church, by the Rev. T. R.
Cottrell, to Mary An.ll, eldest daughter of Mr. Jos!l
Same day, at Tarvin, Mr. Henry Briscoe, o
eldest daughter of Mr. John Littler, of Mouldswortl

On Monday the 4th instant, at St. John's Woo.
London, Abby, wife of G. M. Woolsey, Esq., lat
this town.

Same day, at Sellow, in Ulpha, Cumberland,
widow. She was Interred at Ulpha Chapel, on the
to the inscription on her coffin, her age was 99,
ancient documents, it would appear to have been ik
On Friday, the 15th instant, aged 68, Mrs. John,
late Samuel Johnson, Esq., Roscommon-street, VA'
On Tuesday last, at Neston, aged 79, Mrs. Eunice
late Edmund Lyon, Esq., of the same place.
Same day, aged 63, Mr. Thomas Rowlazulsol
Hood-street ; a man esteemed by all who knew hi'
On Wednesday last, aged 41, Mary, wife of Mr.
White Lion Hotel, Chester.
On Friday last, in the 21st year of his age, Josi,a'
Wilson, of Everton, a member of the Societe uf 12'
On Sunday last, aged 52, Martha, wife of` Mr:.
broker, St. Anne-street, deeply regretted by her J.,
Yesterday, at his house, Roscoe-street, Mr.
Tool Maker, aged 52 years. '

ERRATUM.—In an article in our last, on Russia

"M"
,I,rendaiieosr:
orenatdhe
/ntl"ti
.
pool," presented to the House of Commons by
inserted in our next.
petition of the Ship-owners,
We have two articles already standing over, besi(
previously inserted on the very subjeet of wlti(
treats.
Other communications must remain in state quo fog
We take leave to inform " Quiz" that we are not q'

LivEr.rool;;—Printed on Tuesdays and Fridaystree
, in
John Street, and Published a.eNo. 7,_lfigh-n-s
s,
SAMUEL E4IANCEVE, Stationer, of Nu. 7, An.so
Advertiseinents. are also received in Ltindci by
& Co., Warwick-square, Newgate-street -laud
Fleet-street.

;
, .
-,288 THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.
ri ILibtrpool Atanbarb. stances for Mr. Abercromby to appear in London as a only take the trouble to calculate the effect which the sub- to our noble Whig Governor and the attempt
.
Governor is in a complete state of exile, no
the free-coloured population "from
' -
have upon the. rate of profits derived from spinning. This
official gentleman goes near him, and in his la
TUESDAY MORNING, MARCH 26, 1833. mean. .
The "journal" in question has also thought proper, in diminished labour-even if the same wages were 'aid would island i e MINISTERS very nearly. received the eoup de grace hardly one gentleman's house was ope]
a way which we do not understand, to indulge in certain scarcely be perceptible in the cost of the manufactured
on Mr. Thomas Attwood's motion in the Commons on
article. by which he was compelled to stop at mean ti
personalities at our expense. Let him beware ! I,Ve
• Thutsday last. They were only preserved from dis- , tremendous long journies. He is, howev
seldom make war upon such small game, but if necessary, Mr. Finlay's apprehensions are easily allayed and among the low brown people and the slaves in
comfiture by a paltry majority .of THIRTY FOUR, corn-
let him remember that-- disposed of, but his facts are of a more' startling nature. regard he' seems to endeavour to court.
posed, we have no doubt, of the most slaYish of the truck- -
The lowliest beetle that we tread upon, He says :—" By statements lately- received from the Extract from a letter dated Jamaica, 4t.1
ling time-servers who still adhere, in the hope of place, In corporal sufferance feels a pang as great
United States, of most respectable authority, I find that A Proclamation against the violence of our
to Lord Grey and his colleagues. As when a giant dies.
wages paid there to workers in cotton spinning and ists has issued from the King; this was as it
The subject was the distress of the country-. Mr. -
Lord M. accompanies
.it with denouncing
weaving factories • are rather under what are paid in punish offenders against the laws for rioto
Attwood moved for a committee of inquiry in order to MR. KIRKMAN FINLAY, whose name must be familiar Glasgow." If this be true it is a very curious fact., for
ascertain the cause of the grievances of which the people to most of our readers, and who was for several years them, and to deprive magistrates and officers
singularly enough the best cotton spinners in the best
complain, and the abject state of penury and wretched- the representative in parliament of the Glasgow district • of-their commissions. He evidently shows a
the coloured and black people •; they already sr
• of republics are chiefly Scotchmen, who have emigrated
ness which the labouring classes have too long endured• of boroughs, has addressed, in the shape of a pamphlet, • •
to America to better their condition. Few mechanics or placards and eve ry'thing inflammatory going o
Honest Lord Althorp first denied the
,exist,ence of any a letter to Lord Ashley on the subject of Mr. Sadler's
labourers earn less than a dollar a day in the United ness of the press is beyond conception, and
unusual distress, and on this ground resisted the motion ! ten hours' bill, and the policy of restricting labour and States, and therefore the more extraordinary is it, that difficult to surmise.
What will the patriots of Birmingham say to this ? ameliorating. the condition of the helpless children em- •
cotton spinners should be paid lower wages than any It:was reported in Jamaica that Lord Al
What will they think of the noble correspondent and ployed in the steam factories of Great Britain.
other class of workmen ;—nay, lower than those paid to the called, and that he would leave the island
honorary member of their Political Union ? He was The: pamphlet is entitled to serious consideration—
same class in Scotland. This must be a mistake. But month of March. It will be seen by the f
charmed with their " sweet voices" when they. bawled first, because it is. be production of a gentleman inti- admitting it to be true, for the sake of the argument, it from the Jamaica Courant, that the Whi.
for reform, but he denies them that I-eds.:es which the mately acquainted with our national manufactures, who
nevertheleSs does not, even in the slightest degree, trick in proving themselves to be, when it
reform bill, they were told, would achieve I That how- is extensively engaged in the spinning of cotton, and
affect the principle for which we are contending, namely, secutors of that press which they have inv;
ever is their affair. who, being a party concerned, views with some appren-
that cruelty is a crime, and must' be repressed no matter eulogized, and admired when out of office us it affords an admirable lesson in illustration of sion the effect of the provisions of the bill upon his own whose interests should suffer. The evidence given be- "Yesterday morning, it was soon known, ti
whig policy. Ministers have no objections to. grant a interest.' In the second place, Mr. Kirkman ' Finlay
fore Mr. Sadler's committee, is in the hands of the the Governor had been gracionsly pleased I
committee in order to hunt after . imaginary wrongs— belongs to that school of political economists in which public. We there read of oppressions which make the torney-General to institute an ex-officio °il
they have no objections to waste the valuable time of the all legal restraints upon industry, are deemed infractions blood run cold. We see poor-infants lashed into defor- the Editor and Publisher of the Lesptc
representatives of the people in estimating the veracity of sound national policy, and in which it is contended libel on his Excellency, and tending to bring
mity, doomed to misery for the few years they exist, and .
of idle tale bearers, and the, honesty of those who are tlat the law, except in matters relating to immorality • tion of his Government into disrepute, &c.
which appeared in that journal on the 29th
then dying unpitied in the parish workhouse. We have
willing to render their characters more exceptionable and crime, should not interpose its authority between the the evidence of almost every medical man of eminence some expressions in that paragraph which
,
for the sake of faction. For these unworthy purposes employer and his workman. He is one of those bene- •
in the kingdom that ten hours' labour is as much as the very courteous towards his lordship; but n
committees may be had by the dozen or the score, but not volent and philosophical. persons who consider that trade frame of childhood can bear ; and yet these children are far as our humble conception extends, not
one to investigate the sources of pauperism and consult should be as unrestricted as the rights of conscience, rant the Executive in instituting proceedi
compelled to toil 15, 16, and sometimes 17 hours per
the general welfare of the country. and that the physical powers and moral character of the day. ! Far are we from saving that they do so in Mr. vexatious and obnoxious 'character. Ex-of
have ;been declared•to be out of fashion in 1;1
. • workman and his children are best protected by being Finlay's factories ; but we have the most incontestable
In another part of this morning's STANDARD will be left to the influence of unshackled competition. have not been attempted to be introduced into
last nine years, when a jury stood forward
proof that this species of slavery exists in hundreds of
found an interesting correspondence between some Being a philosopher of this rather popular caste we are factories in England and Scotland, and in its most horrid pressed and his oppressors; and from what we
members of the Society of Friends and Mr. George glad to see Mr. Finlay in the field—we are glad that he forms in the vicinity of Leeds and Dundee. The evil ries, we are quite satisfied, that whenever th
Hibbert. It will compensate the reader for the most has written a• book—we are glad that he has, at the therefor e must be corrected, even though in correcting deviate froia the usual course of proceeding, the
attentive persusal he can bestow upon it. latest hour, come to the
,rescue of his order—and-above do their duty fearlessly, justly, and impartially
it we overturn all the theories of the political economists.
1"••• all are we glad that he has said all that can be said in
gay the press—a measure in which 'his lords:
The object of Lord Ilulgrave is evident.
.. •Capitalists must no longer be invested. with absolute
favour of a system, which humanity condemns, which
THE farce (roes on as pleasantly as the most sanguine power over the life and , health and morality of their
e, , self somewhat mistaken, as we are neither it
- and ingenious manager of a sixpenny show could desire. the victim exclaims against, which the national character helpless labourers. In short, avarice and speculation Germany, or even in Italy ' In Demerara,
Mr. Wm. Rathbone, by the last advices, continued to repudiates, and which men in every rank of society must be curbed and restrained by the law. adopted—it was tried even in Trinidad, and fi
work at the pump as lustily as ever; but he has worked avow to be a slur and stain upon the philanthropy of • ever Britons find that tyrants endeavour to d
in vain. Not one drop has he been enabled to extract to the
-age in which we live. In such a cause he who To show how the disfranchisement business is carried of the Press, we know they will rally round
satisfy his thirst. The bribes, if - there be bribes, lie like can give to vice the drapery of virtue, and by his Inge- on, we submit the following statement, for the accuracy how they can defend an engine which will es
truth at the bottom of the well, and all his powers of nuity make the worse appear the better reason, is pre- of which we pledge ourselves, and can furnish the names.
Press;
tremble. 'We speak of course of the legitima
suction have hitherto failed in drawing them up to the cisely the advocate whom we desire to meet. A respectable labouring man received a subpcena, lastbut while
the man in power, who shows too much see,
glare of day.. . It must, however, be admitted, that Mr. Kirkman Saturday morning, to appear before the House of Com- • •
• fair strictures on his public conduct is unfi
Finlayis an advocatein a cause with respect which mons on the followingMonday.Notbeing ableto walk No fewer than some eight or ten witnesses returned
he has sufficient candour to confess that he is very imper- it in the time, and having no money to pay coach-hire, he
from London on Saturday, without having undergone ran, Sir John Keane, and Lord Belmore, en.
, fectly informed. He is only a cotton spinner. Tile seri- went to the attorney from whose office the subpaena came, of editorial license : but:did they ever attempt I
any examination before the honourable " the thirteen,'
ous part of the charge against the 'factory system is not to know how his expenses were to be paid. When there, ficio informations ? They did not ; and we b
who, we learn, threaten to visit us with the penalty of
levelled at the gentlemen in the cotton twist depart- he was summoned into the presence of four inquisitors of. those who were opposed to these gentlemen
their displeasure. Surely they cannot be serious. No- ' sincerely regret their absence. Some alto
meats. It is admitted, on all hands, that the late Sir and subjected to the following interrogatories :
thing in the world would give us greater delight than ought to be made for Lord Mulgraye ; he is ;
e Robert Peel's bill, as well as that of-Sir John Hobhouse, "Why were you not here before ?
having what Cobbett calls a " half-hour's talk" with . . . of six and thirty, on whom the sun has always
.them. , has done much to exculpate them from the terrible accu- " Because my business prevented me. and because he can write novels, lie imagined
sations brought against the spinners and-weavers of flax -" Did you not receive £lO, from a clergyman, to get man of business, but in the latter he is evi
Be this, however, - as it may, these witnesses have
and woollens. In the cotton mills, no child can
be. votes for Sandon and Douglas ? and we have yet to learn, that there is any '
returned unscathed, but we hope. not unpaid. They
legally' employed -under nine years of age, and no per-, " No, never; nor from any one else. road to acquire the art of diplomacy, any morewere, it is true, placed under the pump, and overhauled
son whatever, under eighteen ' years of age, can be em- " Did you' not say you received .£lO ? • matics !!,
by a sharp attorney, at the characteristic sign of the"We repeat our regret, that the conduct of
ployed more than twelve hours a day. The cruelties, " No, never.
GOOSE AND BOAR, which, we take .it, is a public-house should have reduced himself and the Colon
the privations, the hardships, the revolting punishments, " Have not ou a relation in y street, named ? condition. The signs of the times are awful,
either within the liberties of St. Giles', or the 'equally
the heart-rending oppressions, the precocious vices, and "Yes. vation is coolness—discretion, with determin
classic region of Duck-lane, in old Westminster. But
the aemoralising . practices of .the system, are chiefly " Did not you say, in his house, that you had received these united, Jamaica must yet flourish."
altl.ough they had nothing to give, they were not returned
confined, according to the evidence on Mr. Sadler's corn- £lO ?
wanting. They were liberally regaled at the GoosE
mittee, to the flax, silk, and woollen factories. Mr. " No, never. - - FROM A CORRESPONDENT.—We antici
AND BOAR with sausages, portet, and the company of •
Kirkman Finlay is, therefore, a volunteer, if not an " Might you not have said it when you were tipsy ? cation of our commercial and maritime fr
Mr. Wm. Rathbone. They had no tales to tell, and
- . intruder upon this debateable ground. Like the dins- " Before you put that question, you should prove I nouncing the arrival of Lieutenant Denhar
yet they were not
.sent quite empty away, as the bill,
thous Knight of La Mancha, he challenges the wind- was tipsy.
£27, fur the delicacies aforesaid, will prove at no distant
mills—not those mills which, .
of confessedly, he knows these ten years." of our port and adjacent coast, in like mar
day. .
little or nothing, and in which infant females are worked Then one of the inquisitors said,—" You must have effected in the Bristol Channel, by that t
It appears that the committee had to adjourn the in- till their bones are disjointed, their forms compressed said something of the sort, or, we should not have been ergetic officer.
quiry from Thursday to yesterday. • This evinces much into dwarfishness, and their strength exhausted before told so ;" and then left the room. ,
lenity and liberality on the part of the " grand jury." They they arrive at that dawn of -mature life when reason On which the labouring man said,—" Is this behaving .en our last we made a slight mistake in our artiel
1 could not condemneand therefore they would not acquit. lifts its voice against past errors, or .hitherto undepre- like a gentleman, to accuse a man of falsehood, and then Company. Instead of private traders' tea not bet
1836, we should have said 1835. The three y
This hiatus in the chain of evidence we are told was oc- catcd oppressions—no,' it is not for these cruelties that go out without hearing his answer ?" alluded to is not yet in the actual possession of the
casioned by the unfortunate affair -of the hoax which we Mr. Finlay is the apologist—nor is it of their authors that Then another inquisitor said,— England or in China, but is contracted for by the
took leave to immortalize in our last. Yesterday how- and, of course, must be received by the comps
lie is the champion. For whom then does the honourable - " Did no clergyman canvass you to vote ?
respects the details were correct.
eveer the committee were to sit again 'and pursue their re- gentleman appear ? Simply for . himself and his brother . ' " No, never. .
searches; and we calculate that, tenlesi 'something of a -
cotton spinners; and as concerns them we are ready to " Why did you vote as you did ?"
more decisive nature be laid before them, in proof of the MARRIED.
admit that he makes out a good 'case, and admi- To this the labouring man said,—".Let me ask you, sir, On Monday, the 4th instant, at St. John's C'
allegations of bribery, they. will immediately report to the rably on assumptions which are not controverted. At why did you vote as you did ?—" Because I thought my Irabwure: . Hull
•Platt, of St. Anne's-square, to
House that the petitioners have failed in sustaining their present the law; as we - said. before, 'prohibits children men the best," was the answer. " Well, then," said the On Sunday, the 17th • instant, at Trinity Chur
frivolous and vexatious charges. .But this we hope theyconstable at the Pa ' h ffice, to Mrs Ma
from being employed in the cotton mills under nine years abouring man, " I voted as I did for the same reason."
lorthe late Mr. Jon Hewitt,ri horse-dealer,-°
of. this
will hot do-. We be of them, for the sake of Us- of age, and from that to eighteen Years of .age they are Several more questions having been put; the man, tired On mondy, the 18th inst„ at St. Philip's Churcl
ticeeto hear the- other side—to put .the accused on their not allowed to work more than twelve hours a day. By out, said he would answer them no more, but would an- iritTedi Aei.l.' Urre•PreoAr-
mzireetot. Margaret, si
defence—and listen to the overwhelming refutation that
• Lord Ashley's, or rather Mr. Sadler's bill, (for the latter swer the House• of Commons, when he went. ,On which,
, BiOsenoe
, Tuesday,tecto t'ol
.Zlittii3nusrt:t: ntika,teMAstilllzy, 41
can be given of the miserable gossip and pot-house rii- is entitled to the credit 4 it) it is proposed to restrict the one of the inquisitors, a Quaker, said, if he did not answer Grappenhall Heyes, Cheshire', to Alicia, second'
moors which form the basis of the - charge. Justice will Charlton, Esq., of Wytheford Hall, in the count 3
labour of children and Young persons to ten hours a-day. the questions then, he would be sent to the Tower ! T- o On Thursday last, at the Old Church, Warringte
not be done to the calumniated freemen of Liverpool un-daughter of the late Al,
..,, The difference,' therefore, between Mr: Finlay and Lord this-the man replied, that they did not need to intimidate I,‘i,,lriasrsrienagrthoanr.ine Clayton,
less the drivelling imputations, and the pettifogging pro- Ashley is merely a matter of two. hours' labour as respects him in any such way : that he had done nothing worthy Cc,jrtnell,
day, Church,Chlistioe
Anti: Ist litak,Zne rßoTMTr'.l.4;sly
ceedings of the petitioners, be fully. exposed—their wit- children. Surely this substraction of two hours does not of the Tower, and was not afraid of it. •He was then dis- same day, Diary
Tarvin, Mr. Henry Briscoe, o.
tresses driven out of court—their evidence and their sub- warrant thereflections and the d ; di tone in missed, and ordered to come again at three,—an order
grave
pcenas torn to shreds and tossed in their faces. We have no which Mr. Finlay indulges. He says : which, though burning with indignation, he felt obliged . . DIED.
great respect for the honourable " thirteen," but we will to obey. On the second interrogatory he was threatened On Monday the 4th instant, at St. John's Wo
" I think it must be obvious to the most superficial ob- do them the credit to say that if they had witnessed the London, Abby, wife of G. M. Woolsey, Esq., la,
server,
•that, were the cotton trade of this country to suffer 1 But, as none of these threats moved this town, With New ate .
~ . .
scene which took place at the Goose AND BOAR on Wed-.day, at Sll w in Ulph Cumberland,
**
any serious diminution, the labouring classes, and all him, he was finally dismissed as impenetrable, and told he samewidow. She vas Interreden' at Chapel,Ulphan'
on
the
nesday night last—a scene which We.dare not at present to the inscription on her coffin, her age was 99, '
• other persons connected with it, would. be injuriously need not go to London ! • , .
ancient documents, it would appear to have been 1,
trust our pen in describing—they would, frost; pure shame, Do not our readers' hearts burn within them as they On Friday, the 15th instant, aged 68, Mrs. John
affected, the national resources proportionally impaired,ee
have brought the investigation to a•speedier conclusion.late Samuel Johnson, Esq., Roscommon-street,
Peruse this history? Quousque tandem, we say. How
and consequences follow which it is not possible to con- POn Tuesday ast, at Neston, aged 79, Mrs. Eunice
But this scene will be a source of . fun to our readers on far will these Catalines abuse the patience of the town ? 1 atsdamEdemryd Llgoei d
rizzi. ,ivtirrf "iisoa,nnaes
_,lace.lio‘,-aso
template without serious apprehension."
some future occasion'. We have no wish to commit the How long will this faction harass and insult its peaceful Hood-street ; a man esteemed by all who. knew l'li,
heinous crime of bribery, but still we" should' not hesitate Again . --" The cotton manufacture of this country . On Wednesday last, arzed 41, Mary, wife of Dir.
inhabitants ? Here is a labouring man, one of the pets of White Lion Hotel, Chesfer.
to give the poet of the Times newspaperl£so, if he would yields the most profitable, and,. with the exception of agri-
mOdern liberalism, harassed with an order to appear beforeeosia
Wilson, Fridayn o ilvaesrtt,oinn theam le2mls2-re
ofa of
ehl s
Society,e, of l,,
set the speeches and conversation attire GoosE AND BOAR cultere, perhaps the most extensive employment for the la- 3, ha wife of Mr.
that bug-bear, a reformed House of Commons, kept from
brOokterS,uVaLliastet:sgee(ti se'eplly'arregretted by her f 1
• - ' • •
to music, and have them sung about the streets by his bouring classes that exists in any country in the world,
his work; without recompense, nearly a whole day, accused Yesterday, at his house, Roscoe-street, .Mr. W I
brother minstrels. It employs, in many counties in Great Britain, more than lolftLalelr)22,,,
- 1 of bribery, falsehood, and drunkenness, bullied and brow -
one-half of the population; and by its means, either di- the way, one of our contemporaries is pleased to .beat by four men, not a whit better than himself, and TO COARESPONDENI
inform us that the Mr. Abercromby- to whom we alluded rectly. or indirectly, a vast portion of the whole people is •
finally, Oh! .wonder of wonders! threatened with the
ERRATUM.—In an article in our last, on Russia
in our- last is a highly respectable gentleman. We
can- maintained. Take ally large part of it from us, or adopt • .
Tower by—a Quaker ! When was gentle Obadiah ever " Indies," read Indus.
" Mercator," on the petition of the Ship-ownert,
ti
not doubt this upon such-unquestionable elithority. Per- any measure which will materially affect its wages, and
so moved by
.the spirit before ? • pool,' presented to the House of Commons 5 .
haps Mr. Abercromby, of whom we have. no'wish to speak .. .
the condition of- the working classes must become truly •
e . .
Such, however, is liberty and equality, under the pa- We have inserted in our next,
two articles already standinz.over, beg,
subject of Whir
for
disrespectfully, will not thank our contemporary tak- wretched." .
rental sway of a reformed House of .Commons. previously inserted on the very
treats.
in state quo fu
ine such a deep interest-in his character, and holding out We quite agree with the author that should the cotton • Other communications must remain
are
not /1'
to z" that we
b - We take leave to inform " Ql,l
to him, so familiary, in the face the world, the right trade of the country " suffer any serious diminution,"
We have received a file of Jamaica papers to the 2d Fe-'
hand of friendship. It would have -been as well if both the labouring . classes wotild be . " injuriously affected
ted e,
, bruary inclusive, and private letters of the 4th February, T.
—lvEnrooi;;----Printed oniTitiesc.,aty%.
7,
' and Fridays,
iligh-strt
fora few
of them had kept silence and their own secrets. but no serious diminution is contemplated. Mr. Finlay The following are from private letters : . John Street, and Pohl d. N _ ._ ....
. . SAMUEL EIIANCEVE, Stationer. of Ny. iv
....Liri',_
•1' • iso received m Londoi i
least of therefore is fighting with a shadow, and we are quite _ Advertisements are a . .. _
days longer, as ;eve intend doing.: To .say. the Extract filen a letter dated Jamaiea, 411-f833 :
Feb.
~ are, Newgate-street ...a.i...
& Co., Warwick-sr-1u
sure he would be convinced 'of this' himself if' he would 4, The i • •
it, it was in exceeding bad taste, under existing circurn-islandis re a very distracted and feverieh state, thank , Fldet-street.
