LICENSED. VICTUALLERS' SOCIETY.

The third anniversary of this excellent society was celebrated
on Wednesday. by a dinner at the house of Mr. Perceval, at
Everton; T. Ackers, Esq. in the chair. The company, which
was highly respectable, consisted of about two hundred and
fifty persons. The dinner was of the most excellent descrip-
tion, and was served up in Mr. Perceval's best style. It com-
prised every delicacy of the season, and the wines were of a
very superior order. In short, owing to the very excellent and
liberal arrangements of the stewards, who performed the task
which they had so kindly undertaken in a manner to leave no-
thing to be desired, the whole passed off in such spirit as to
give the most perfect satisfaction to all resent.
The dinner was announced to take place at three o'clock. It
was not, however, served till four; but the interval was filled
up by some excellent music by the Liverpool Lancer Band,
which was stationed on the lawn.
This institution, yet in its infancy, takes for its model the
society under the same name which has been so long established
in London; and when we consider the number of orphans who
have been rescued from want by the London society; when
also we take into account the increased and increasing impor-
tance of the town of Liverpool, and the spirit and liberality
which on all occasions distinguish our fellow-townsmen, we
cannot feel surprised at seeing the third anniversary of the
Liverpool Licensed Victuallers' Society so numerously and re-
spectably attended.
The cloth being removed, the first toast given was "The
King," which was drank with every demonstration of respect
and loyalty.
Air—" God save the King."
" The Queen."—" Here's trhealth to all good lasses."
The Princess Victoria, and,,the rest of the 'loyal Fami7y—
the Army—the Navy—the Duke of Wellington—and sevra
other toasts were given from the chair, and were drank with
due honour.
Mr. Row LAN nsoN, in a neat address, detailed the objects of
the society, and called on those present, as far as their means
admitted, (inclination he was sure was not wanting) to assist in
forwarding the objects of the institution. He concluded by
proposing the health of their worthy chairman, Thos. Ackers,
Esq., which was received and drunk with the most enthusiastic
applause.
Mr. Acxeas, in returning thanks, observed that though he
was unable to express in suitable terms his acknowledgments
for the honour the company had just done him, yet what he
wanted in ability he was sure he made up in zeal to serve the
society whose anniversary they had that day assembled to cele-
brate. He had been called to London (we understood) per
favour of the Liverpool Election Committee, and it had been his
intention to remain there a short time with his friends, but
knowing the Licensed Victuallers would dine together that day,
and having the interests of the Society much at heart, he had
resisted the solicitations of his London friends, and hastened down
to Liverpool to contribute his mite, and lend his humble aid in
furthering the benevolent objects of the institution. (Loud cheer-
ing.) He then took a view of the benefits derived from the
London Society, and predicted that if the Licensed Victuallers
exerted themselves, it would not be long before they were in
possession of a similar refuge for their children, if unhannily any
of them should need it, He expressed himself gratified at the
very respectable and numerous attendance of the friends of the
institution, and concluded by requesting the Secretary to put his
name down as an annual subscriber, with a present donation of
ten pounds. The worthy chairman sat down amidst the most
vehement cfieeritig.
Mr. HINDLEY, the'vice-chairman, also addressed the meeting,
amidst great applause, and•requested the society's acceptance
of his mite of £lO, and that he might also be considered an
annual subscriber.
Mr. BENT and Mr. Moony also addressed the meeting, and
declared their intention of subscribing towards its funds, to the
same extent as their worthy chairman. Several other gentle-
men delivered their sentiments, and the conviviality of the
meeting was maintained till a late hour, when the company
separated, highly gratified with the proceedings of the day.

DEATH OF WILLIAM WILBERFORCE, ESQ.—It iS this day
our melancholy duty to announce the death of William Wil-
berforce, a name with which theta is probably associated more
of love and veneration than ever fell to the lot of any
.single
individual throughout the civilised globe. At one period the
sad event would have been felt as a grievous national calamity,
and even now the tidings of his departure will be heard with
the deepest sorrow through every part of the empire. But he
worked while it was called day, remembering that the night
was coming wherein no man may work. And he was not per-
mitted to leave the scene of his labours till he beheld the great
cause to which he had dedicated all the energies of his soul
triumphant, and the fetters of the negro about to be struck off
for ever. His warfare is accomplished ;his course is finished;
he kept the faith. Those who regard him merely as a philan-
thropist, in the worldly sense of that abused term, know but
little of his character. His philanthropy took its origin in love
to God; it was kindled at the sacred fire of Divine love, and it
burned with such bright and steady lustre, only because it was
daily replenished from its hallowed source. The sad event took
place laat.isight ist.the house of Mr. Smith, in Cadogan-place.
Mr. Wilberforce was in the 71th year of his age. We understand
Mr. Wilberforce has directed in his will that his funeral should
be conducted without the smallest pomp, and that his body
should be interred in the family vault of his brother-in-
law in the church-yard of Stoke Newington, pursuant to a pro-
mise made to the late Mr. Stephen.—Record of Monday.
A WITCH.—At Sculcoatds Hall, on Tuesday, Charles Ash-
ton was charged with assaulting Ellena Winslow. The com-
plainant, who was a very old woman, stated that on Friday
morning Ashton sent for- her to a public-house, as he said, to
have a sixpenny-worth with him. She refused, but after some
pressing, agreed to take three penny-worth. He then took hold
of her hand and grasped it, and with a sharp instrument cut
her arm, saving, "There you old witch, you can't bewitch me
any more, I have drawn your blood." She replied she had not
bewitched him ; it was his own bad conduct. She had lived
near him four or five years, and never had an ill word. There
was no one in the room at the time it was done. Ashton, who
appeared to be a farmer's servant, and seemed to have a great
' dread of the old lady, admitted having cut her arm. " She
could lig a curse upon ony man," and he did it with a pin. He
had been above four years under the doctor's hands for a com-
plaint that was laid upon him, and he did not know what for.
(Laughter.) A Magistrate—You stupid fellow, do you mean
to say you believe this old woman can lay a complaint upon
you? Ashton—She has told people so; I can bring a man who
heard her say so. (Laughter.) Magistrate—lf you can prove
that this woman has followed that line of profession termed
witchcraft we can punish her; but to say that she has affected
you is most absurd. Ashton—lt may seem very queer to you,
but it is true. I was under Dr. Alderson, Dr. Turnbull, and
Mr. Hardy, and they gould none of them find out what it was.
The magistrates ordered the bewitched to retire and see if he
could not satisfy the " wierd sister" for the hurt he had caused
her, and we believe she succeeded in laying so potent a spell
upon him as to extract five shillings from his canvas purse.—
Hull Advertiser.
MURDER OF DR. HENNIS.—At the Exeter assizes, on Fri-
day last, Mr. Milford, Mr. Holland, and Captain Halstead,
were tried for aiding and assisting in the duel between Sir J.
Jeffcott and Dr. Hennis, in which the latter was killed. The
facts of the case, as published at the time the affair took place,
were proved by several witnesses, and in their defence the pri-
soners denied most earnestly that they had been actuated by
malice against the deceased. The learned judge summed up
at very great length, and stated to the jury, on the authority of
Baron Foster, that if a party of persons went out with the cool
and deliberate intention of fighting .a duel, if one of those par-
ties was killed, the rest were all guilty of murder in the eve of
the law ; and if they were of that opinion they were bound to
return a verdict of guilty. If, on the other hand, they could
reconcile it to their consciences that they went out with-
out being aware that Dr. Hennis and Sir Jolin Jeffcott started
with such intention then they would acquit them. The jury,
after consulting for a short time, returned a verdict of not guil-
ty. No evidence was offered on the coroner's inquisition, and
the prisoners were discharged.

Emprr tat varliam t.

HOUSE OF LORDS, MONDAY, JULY 29

The Bishop of LONDON presented a petition from Coventry
against the practice of infanticide in India.
The Duke of Wimt.iNoToN presented a petition, signed by
a great number of tradesmen and artisans connected with the
commerce of the city of London, against the East India Charter
Bill, as being highly injurious to their interests. The petitioners
stated that capital amounting to no less than 1:11;000,000 ster-
ling was employed in the metropolis with reference to this trade.
By this bill that capital was to oe employed hereafter in paying
the debt in India, in providing an annuity for the proprietors of
East India stock, and in meeting other expenses which would
arise in consequence of the new arrangement. Amongst the
necessary expenses would be those for affording pensions, and
making due provision for individuals who were at present etri.
ployed in the commercial service of the company, at home and
abroad, to the estimated amount of £sii,ooo, but which was-
likely to be increased hereafter to £200,0(); making altogether,
with various otheritems, a charge on those assets which had
hitherto- been commercially employed in this metropolis of
E900,01,D. What- the petitioners- complained of was, that the
bill which was about to be carried iuto execution so suddenly
would have the effect of totally depriving them of employment.
The ships nivally sent to India by the company were not, it
appeared, to he fitted out this season; and those individuals
who were particularly connected with that branch of commerce.
on the river Thames, amounting to about 4500 persons, would
be left without any employment whatsoever.
CHURCH TEMPORALITIES (IRELAND.) BILL.

On the motion for bringing up the report of the above bill,
The Earl of WINCIIILSRA moved `• that the report be received
its day six months."
On a division the numbers were:—
Ayes 6B
• Noes 3O
Majority —34
The clerk then proceeded to read the amendments made by
the committee.
A desultory debate ensued on the amendments, after which
the report was agreed to, and the bill was ordered to be read a
third time on the following day. The house adjourned at ele-
ven o'clock.

HOUSE OF COMMONS MONDAY, JULY 29.
The gallery was opened at the usual hour.
A short conversation arose relative to the course of business.
It was ultimately agreed that petitions relative to the Abolition
of Slavery Bill ;houkd be presented previous to proceeding with
the committee thereon.

.....
Mr. Ew ART accordingly presented a petition from the Asso-
ciation of Merchants of Liverpool trading to the Brazils, against
the grant of i:20,000,000 sterling, as a compensation to the West
India merchants.
Mr. ItoEnucK presented a petition from the inhabitants of
Bath, stating that they viewed with alarm the bill for the eman-
cipation of slavery, which had been introduced by the govern-.
ment, and objecting to a grant of compensation so large as
f.20,000,(100; also a petition from Bristol, praying that compen-
sation might only be granted to the West India planters in pro-
portion to the actual loss sustained by the emancipation of the
negroes, and that no money might be granted until that eman-
cipation was complete.

WEST INDIA BILL.

Mr. SECRETARY STANLEY moved that the house resolve
itself into committee on the slavery abolition bill.
Sir E. Wit.moT gave notice that on the 25th clause being
put, he should move to insert E15,00J,000 instead of £20,000,000.
(Hear.)
In committee, the 9th, 10th, and 11th clauses were agreed to.
The 12th clause was partially discussed until three o'clock,
when the Chairman reported progreDs, and the Speaker ad-
journed the house.

The house resumed at five o'clock.
The order for the second reading of the Carrickfergus dis-
franchisement bill, which stood for tc-morrow, was read and
discharged, and a resolution come to that the Speaker should
not issue a warrant for the holding of any election for that
borough until fourteen days after the meeting of the next
session.

BREACH OF PRIVILEGE
Mr. O'CONNELL moved that the order of the day be read,
"That John Joseph Lawson and James William Lawson be
called to the bar of the house."
Mr. METHUEN rose for the purpose of moving that the said
order of the day be discharged, (hear, hear,) and, in doing,so,
he trusted he should not be suspected of being actuated by any
personal feelings towards the honourable and learned member
for Dublin. That honourable and learned member, no
doubt, considered that he was only discharging his duty in
moving that the individuals named in the order be called to
the bar; but he (Mr. Methuen) had also a duty to perform
as well as the honourable and learned member • and, as a mem-
ber of that house, he felt himself conscientiously called upon to
oppose the proposed proceeding, and to object to the house being
placed in a situation of perhaps very great difficulty, by taking
a course which had always been, if possible, avoided, and which,
he trusted, would continue to be avoided, so long as there existed
no absolute necessity for adopting it. In the first place, the mo-
tion was, "that the printer of The Times newspaper be called to
the bar of that house." Now, in his humble judgment, the
printer could not possibly be the offending party in the present
case. The reporters, it was true, might be considered as the ser-
vants of the printer for the time being; but, if they were the
servants, they were not the slaves of the printer (hear, hear);
and he could not conceive how the printer could by possibility
obiige those gentlemen to report if they declined to do so. The
subject of this dispute did not originate within the walls of that
house, but arose out of certain expressions which fell from the
hon. and learned member, not standing in his capacity of mem-
ber of Parliament, but while attending a meeting as a private
individual. -As a member of that house, then, he (Mr. Methuen)
must protest against its being drawn into what he looked upon
as a private dispute of the hon. aud learned member, with which
that house had nothing whatever to do. (Hear, hear.) The hon.
and learned member complained of a breach of privilege. The
complaint in itself was most strange and contradictory. How
was it a breach of privilege ? The breach of privilege consisted
in reporting 'at all'; but that was not the complaint of the hon,
and learned Member. He charged ttse reporters mit- witls
having reported, but with not having reported enough. (Hear.)
The hon. and learned member complained of the partial system
of reporting; but unless his ( Mr. blethuen's) information was
incorrect, as he by no means believed it to be,—on the contrary,
he was perfectly satisfied of its truth,—no member of Parlia-
ment had so much profited by a system of partial reports as the
hon. and learned member hiinself. In a newspaper called the
Tralee Mercury they were in the habit of reporting exclusively
the speeches of the bon. and learned member. The hon. and
learned member smiled at his statement, but he (Mr. Methuen)
repeated he had every reason to believe the authority on which
he made it to be correct. He had also been informed that three
Dublin newspapers had throughout the present session reported
the speeches of the hon. and learned member, but had omitted
to report the triumphant answers which they received from the
right hon. Secretary for the Colonies. He did not mean to say
that the hon. and learned member had employed those papers
to act in this way; he merely stated a fact, which he believed to
be true. If such was the case, and if the hon. and learned
member had, as he must have, seen those papers, would not a
charge against them for a breach of privilege have come from
the hon. and learned member with better grace than the pro-
ceeding which he had resolved on, and which originated in a
dispute to which the House of Commons was no party? ( Hear,
hear.) He would say one word with respect to the reporters.
He did not mean to justify them for the course they had pur-
sued, but human nature was frail; and he put it to any gentle-
man whether the charge made by the hon. and learned member
against the reporters, of being guilty of " deliberate falsehood,"
was not one calculated to rouse all the feelings of a man, as well
as of a gentleman ? He had made inquiry into the characters
of those gentlemen who usually acted as reporters, and he had
every reason to believe that they were gentlemen of educal
tion ; many of them were studying for the bar; and there
were instances, and proud instances, of some of thug having
risen to the highest honours of the state. (Hear, hear, hear.)
If the hon. and learned member would only give one practical
proof of his love of liberty, and consent to the dischazge of bis
motion, without going to a division, he would do more to gratify-
the liberal feelings of the country than by all the harangues
he could possibly utter in favour of freedom. (Hear, hear.)
He apologized for having occupied so keg the attention of the
house; he disclaimed being animated by any personal feeling
towards the hon. and learned member; but, as an English
gentleman and a member of Parliament, he could not allow
that house to be dragged into a situation of difficulty, from
which it would find it extremely hard to extricate itself; and
he was sure that hon. members would have cause for repen-
tance if they did not support the motion he was about to make.
( Hear, hear.) The hon. member concluded by moving " That
the order of the day for summoning John Joseph Lawson and
James William Lawson to the bar of the house he discharged."
Mr. ROBIN SON felt pleasure in seconding the motion, " that
the order of the day be discharged." He entirely agreed in
the statement made by the hon. member who had just sat down,
that, whatever might be the state of the case at present, the
dispute between Air. O'Connell and the reporters originated in
circumstances not in the slightest degree involving a breach of
the privileges of that house; and without pretending to vindi-
cate the persons who had fallen under the displeasure of .the
hon, and learned member for Dublin, he was yet prepared to
state that that house would be acting most unwisely if it should
be prevailed on by the hon. and learned member to take the
course which he recommended.
Mr. O'Cosstee heard the amendment of the hon. members
(Mr. Methuen) with very considerable surprise, particularly at
that part of the honourable gentleman's speech wherein he
alluded to his (Mr. O'Connell's) motion being directed against
the tradesman printer. When he commenced the controversy
he had complained that the reports of the present session were
to his own knowledge exceedingly defective, and to his know-
ledge. also designedly false, and then the kindness .of the hon.
member (Mr. Methuen) induced him to applaud him. (No, no,
from Mr. Methuen.) He understood that hon. member had
said as much as that he was mis-reported.
Mr. METHUEN declared he had said no such thing. (Hear,
hear.)
Mr. O'CONNELL had thought that was the case. The hon.
member had, however, said he (Mr. O'Connell) was connected
with the Tralec paper.
Mr. METHUEN—I declare I did not say so. I said—but I
am in the recollection of the house and will not repeat it.
(Hear, hear.)
Mr. O'CONNELL said he had heard the hon member say so
if the house did not. (Laughter.) But the Tralee Mercury
had nothing to do with it.
Mr. METHUEN observed that what he had said was, that the
hon. and learned member's speeches were reported in that
paper, and none of those of his opponents.
Mr. O'CONNELL said with respect to the three Dublin papers.
only one of them had a reporter in London, and that
paper was opposed to him. As for himself, he would be glad
to see all he said published, if it were but done fairly. The
hon. member said, said truly, that none spoke more in favoilr
of liberty, than he did. (Oh, oh.) But there was a ilespotisib
and a tyranny exercised towards this house, and on the pltet of
hon. members there was a shrinking which he was sorry to see.
It was because he hated despotism that he was determined to
persevere, and he would persevere, until the present privileges
were so ludicrous that no man would afterwards talk of the
dignity of the house. (Hear, hear.) When he used the term
" designedly false," it was at a public meeting, at which re-
porters were present, and might have contradicted him if they
had pleased ; he would have taken care to get them a hearing.
(Hear, hear.) They had all the newspapers at their command,
and might have contradicted him and assailed him in any way
they pleased. The cause of the quarrel was out of the house,
but the reporters had attacked him by declaring (as was stated
in the Times, that they would not report what he said in that
house. By the privileges of the house,' no publication could
take place except by the permission of the Speaker, nor could
any evidence of Committees of the house be published without
his permission. He (Mr. O'Connell) should be very glad if
the debates of that house could go fully abroad, but then they
should also be under the correction of the Speaker. (Laughter.)
It was not right that reports of what was said in that house
should be mis-stated; they ought to be correct if reported at all.
If papers went on publishing the business of Parliament, and
that incorrectly or falsely, the only remedy was to prevent the
reporting of any. An honourable member bad spoken of the
infringement of the liberty enjoyed under sufferance by the
press. He should like to be told if it was necessary he should

THE LI V ERPOOL sTANDARD.
