GRIMSHAW V. ROTHERHAM.

This was an action brought to recover the value of 173 bales
of New Orleans cotton, from the defendant, at £l3 per bale.
It appeared that the plaintiff resided at New Orleans, and by
the instructions of the defendant, a dealer in cotton in Liver-
pool, purchased 500 bales for him at the close of 1835. A part
of these, namely, 173 hales, were stripped on the Tagus, which
ship afterwards took fire, but not till after an insurance had
been effected on the cotton. The plaintiff on this purchased
another 173 bales, to make up the 500 bales, thinking that the
best he could do, and wrote to Liverpool to get nrsurance
effected on these bales. The cotton an ived in due course in
Liverpool, but to a falling market, and the defendant sent the
whole of it to a broker to sell, telling him to keep two accounts
of the cotton, one of the 173 bales, and the other of the re-
mainder. In the proper course, the plaintiff's bill, for .£18351
14s. 7d. was presented by Messrs. Ridgway, the agents of the
plaintiff, for the defendant's acceptance, but this he refused to
give, saying he had not authotised the purchase of the 173 bales.
Afterwards he honoured part of the bill, super protest, for £l3OO,
and though the defendant dealt with the cotton as his own, and
sold it, he bad never further paid for it. If the...cotton were not
his, urged the plaintiff's counsel, he ought to have refused tt
altogether, and it would then have remained over till the plain-
tiff arrived in Liverpool, at which tune there was a good market
and there would have been no less. As it was, whatever logs
there was from the cotton having been sold in a falling market,
the defendant having dealt with it as his own, and never havinK
advised the plaintiff to the contrary, must be liable for the NU
amount.

The case was not gone into, but a nominal verdict was take°
for the pla►ntiff for £lO,OOO subject to a special case.

CROWN COURT.—MONDAY.
His Lordship took his seat at a few minutes past nine o'clock.

PORGRRY.
John Kinnear, aged 57, and John Jones, aged 69, were placed
at the bar, charged with having, at Manchester, conspired to
obtain credit and raise money by issuing false and fictitious bills
of exchange.
A highly respectable jury was impanelled.
The prisoners having been arraigned, and the jury swore
Jones was ordered to stand back, and the Court proceeded with
the first indictment against Kinnear.
Kinnear addressed the Judge, and said..he wished to make an
application. on an affidavit, for the postponement of the trial
for two or three days, under a particular indictment which be
named.

.----Mr. j3RANDT said he did not intend to go on that indictment.
Kinnear then asked if this were the proper time to make any
objection to the indictment.
His LORDSHIP said that the prisoner had already pleaded not
guilty" to the indictment. If he had any objection to the fonts
of the indictment he ought to have taken it before. His Lord-
ship, however, allowed the prisoner to proceed.
The prisoner said he objected to the Indictment, that the bill
alleged to have been drawn by him was improperly described aa
a bill of exchange. It was nut a bill of exchange. The pri-
soner went on to describe according to the law, as he averred.
laid down by Chitty and Bailey, what he conceived was necess,
sary to constitute a document or bill of exchange. The main
point for which he contended was, that a document was not a,
bill of exchange till it was complete in all its departments. Be
insisted that it was essential that a bill should be accepted be-
fon! it was a bill of exchange. The bill in question was not
only not accepted, but it contained a positive direction that it
was not to be accepted, as there were on the face of the bill the
words "without acceptance."
His Loeustite said such was not the law certainly. A bill
was a bill of exchange the moment it was drawn, and it was not
at all necessary that it should be accepted before it was a bill of
exchange.
Mr. BRANDT and Mr. L. PEEL, who were retained for the
prosecution, briefly replied to the point urged by the prisoner.
His LORDSHIP said he did not remember ever to have seen
an instrument iu that shape before, but that was no reason whY
it should not be a bill of exchange. A person had a right to use
what terms he pleased in the drawing of a bill. Bills were
sometimes drawn at sight—then would they not be billssof ex-
change till they were paid. This bill would be a bill of exchange
the moment it was drawn ; and, in fact, the London and West-
minster Bank, or where it vas drawn, might have accepted ix
if they pleased.
Mr. BRANDT stated the case. The present bill of exchange
purported to be drawn by the Flintshire District Banking Com-
pany, and was signed by a person named James Watkins, who,
it was described, was manager of the Company. He should be
enabled to show, that no such company as the Flintshire Dis-
trict Banking Company existed, and that the name of Watkins
was also a fictitious name. He should prove that, on the 22d
August last, Jones, who would be connected with the prisoner
in his transactions, app icd to a Mr. Swain, an engraver, at
Manchester, to engrave a plate for the purpose of striking off
impressions. Jones twice subsequently applied to Mr. Swain
to alter the address of the bill plate. This plate, with a good
many blanks, and some bill forms filled up, were found in Kin"
near's possession. Inquiries were made at Flint respecting the
Banking company, and it was found that no such company ex
isted. The learned gentleman went on to detail the course 0C
evidence by which he intended to establish the case.
Joseph Wood stated, that he had lately been unfortunate in,
business. He was a genes al Manchester Warehouseman. Knew'
the prisoner at the bar. Had known him many years, Had
recently had occasion to write to him, and he requested lino
(witness) to address his letters J. K. Donaldson. Those were
letters that were to pass through the post; but if he had had to
address a note to him at Manchester, he should have addressed
him in his own name of Kinnear. In the month of OctobeK
last, witness asked Kinnear to lend him some money, as the:,
latter told had him he had a great command of money. Oa"4
seen him in possession of various bills of exchange. Q 4 the;
14th Oct. received a letter from Liverpool in reply to a letter of
hie The letter contained an enclosure. -.Witness could not find
that letter, though he had Searched for it. It contained two hi!ls"
one for £7O and one for £3O. The letter contained direction?,
for him to remit one-half the proceeds_ in' cash of the £3O
and his (witness's) note of hand at 14'days for the other 111,!'•
For the £7O bill he was to remit £35 in cash and £35 in his (ekti
ness's) note at 14 days. It was to be remitted immediately.
Witness-returned it itior letter. (Letter produced.) That letter
was addressed "J. K. Donaldson,post.oflice, Liverpool." Tbo
date of this letter was 14th October. He returned the £3O
to the prisoner. Another letter of .the same date was produced.;
Witness Said, that was his letter inclosing the cash (£35) an
his note for £35 at 14 days. That •£7,0, bill purported to be of
the Flintshii e Bank. Had received a smaller bill for £6 6s; on
the same bank before. ( A bill handed to witness.) That'was
the same bill, At the time when be gave witness that hilil
he said, it was a good bank, and ihey were doing a capital
business, Ile said, also, Watkins was a 'Welshman—was the
manager of the bank, and was a clever man. Believes Kinnear
is a Scotcheuan. (The £7O bill was here produced, and identi-
fied by the witness.) At the time when witness received that
bill he believed it to be a good bill. Would not have parten,
with so large a sum a £35, if he had mit been impressed with
the conviction that it was a good bill.
The prisoner, at his own request, had the bills handed to hint
and he exa,mined them.
The last witness was then cross-examined by the prisoner.—_:
Had known the prisoner nearly 20 years. Had not had any
transactions with him until near April or May. Had during
that time received several bills of exchano from 'him. S(.l.
of them were protested previous to the prisoner's apprehen,,,
The six guinea bill was duly paid. The prisoner had houf4".
from and sold goods to the prisoner in the regular way. of lebusi-
ness. The prisoner never proposed. any tiansaction which
considered dishonourable,
Re-examined by Mr. l'eet..—All the other transactions were.
small bills, and they were drawn upon Jones and NepheW, n.
Broad-street. They were drawn by Jones of Dublin. There v",
one Edinburgh bill for £8 seine shillings,drawn by Fowler and:-;:g
•
There was also a Sheerness and Queensborough bill. That
paid to him only two days before the prisoner's anPrebe"ter,
Edward Wright, head waiter at the Star Inn, Man"l,lo.,
and David Webster, a porter at the raiiwav station intier 0
cheater, were called to trace a portmanteau from ManchFslaced
Liverpool. The portmanteau was seen at the Star Inn,
in a coach with the prisoner, set down at the railway station,
taken from the coach by Webster, carried into the oince aa
from thtn
The prisoner h
cross-exa tuin ed the w
ce to te train in the lurd. ,
itness Webster at soma

•
I,etiogth, with the apparent view of proving that the portmanteau
I pro nced was not th;it which be had with him. Toe ielters
Doappeared On 'one end 'of the portmanteau in brass
nails. The witness, on his cross-examination, said he had ❑ot
seen those letters on the portmanteau which he carried through
the office, and placed on the top of one of the coaches of the
train.

Simon Woovendell' stated that. he was a police-officer in
• Manchester. Oil Tuesday, the 17th of October, he' received
Come information respecting the prisoner, iu consequence of
which he went to Liverpool by the seven o'clock train next
morning. When he got to Liverpool he applied to Mr. Hills-
bury, the superintendent. of the station at Liverpool, who de-
livered to him the portmanteau produced. Witness took the
portmanteau to Manchester, and delivered it to Mr. Mimes,
deputy constable of Manchester.
James Sawley, police-officer of Manchester.—Apprehended
,• the prisoner at the railway station at Mandhester, on the 17th of
October, at a little before five o'clock. There was a train on
- 'the point of starting. The prisoner was jest going from the
office to the railway. Witness asked him if had any luggage,
and he said he had not. Witness took him to Mr. Thomas and
searched him. He found four keys which he handed over to
Mr Thomas. The keys were tried upon the portmentean on
the following day, in the Police-office.
Mr. Themes (deputy constable of Manchester).—Remem-
bers the prisoner Kinnear being brought to the office, and the
portmanteau also on the day following. Delivered the port-
. nitinteau and papers to Mr. Heelis. One of the keys was tried
. and opened the portmanteau. Found in the portmanteau a
• plate, s ime impressions frotn the same, and other papers, all of
• . which were put into a separate box.
Mr. Josiah James Hillsbury, superintendent of the Railway
station at Liverpool, stated, that when lugguge arrived at Li-
verpool and was not claimed, he placed it in a place of safety
till called for. Remembered the portmanteau proved being
• called for.
Mr. Hillsbury stated that he knew the prisonersome time ago
in London, and he then went by the name of .John Kinnear.
Mary Parkinson Mated that she kept a lodging-house in
Seymour-street, Liverpool. A Mr. Jones took lodgings from
her in October last for a friend of .his. named Donaldson.
Kinnear came theuext day (10th October) with Jones, and he
passed under the name of Donaldson.. He had with him a
trunk with brass nails, which was placed by his desire in his
• sitting room, and all the rest were. placed in his bed-room. The
• trunk was produced and identified. Witness delivered that
• • trunk to Mr. Whitty on, she thought, She 19th or 20th.
• Cross-examined by the prisoner.—Did not send word to Mr.
Whitty that she had such a trunk. He canoe himself. Ile
asked if a person named Donaldson staved with her. She said
no; he was out of town, but she expected him home every mo-
ment. Mr. Whiny then inquired what rooms the prisoner tic-
cupied. Told hitn the Dining-room. He then asked what
belonged to Mr.-Donaldson. He mentioned who he was; and
s to said it was high time that she should show what belonged to
him and what to herself. He examined everything, and said
that the trunk was what he wanted. He called fur a hammer or
. She had not one, but she furnished him with a clever,
'and with that he opened the trunk.. He examined the papers
that were in the trunk,- closing it imp 'again and cording and
sealing it. He took it away in a car, in his own possession.
Michael James Whitty, head constable of Liverpool, stated
that he went to the house of Mary Parkinson on Thursday, the
.19th of, October. She showed him the trunk produced, and he
opened it and found it containeda number of copper plates,
blank forms of bills, letters, &c. He examined them and re-
turned them into the trunk. Part of them he afterwards took
Out, and be gave them to Mr. Heelis. Two stamps Were.
handed to Mr. Whitty. The words in these stamps were,-
" For the Flintshire District Banking Company, (blank for the
name,) manager." Found these stamps in a cupboard. Mrs.
Parkinson did not point out the things which belonged to the
bPrisoner till after he had -found them, when she told him they
eknged to a Mr. Donaldson.
• Cross-examined by the prisoner.—Went to Mrs. Parkihson•
•frotn information which he had received. Had not the key of
' the trunk with hint, and broke it open. Examined the whole
contents cursorily there. Opened the trunk on the same even-
ing at his own office. Took forth papers and marked them
with his initials. He delivered those papers to Mr. lieelis.
Mr. Heelis stated that he was the attorney for this proseco-
' 'tion. Saw Mr. Whitty put his seal on the trunk. Has now
in his sale custody the whole of the papers which he received
from Mr. Whiny.
• John Frederick. Cobbett stated that the first time he knew
'Kinnear was in October, 1836. Had seen him write, and knew
his haudwiiting. A draft of a letter, dated 23d May, addressed
16 the Kent and Surry Banking Company, was proved to be in
the handwriting of the prisouer. Another letter, the witness
said, was also his hand, disguised. The signature, (John
Watkins) to the bill for £7O was also stated to be his writing.
The body of the bill, to the best of his (witness) knowledge, was
written by young Kinnear. A draft of a letter, dated the 9th
September, to the Louden and Westminster Bank, was also
Proved to be his writing. -Several other letters,-of various dates
and in different styles of writing, were similarly proved, as was
an item in an account, "To Jones, for engraving, £4 ss. Oil."
Mr. Swain, engraver, of Manchester. In the month of May,•
18.37, a pei soli named Jones gave him instructions about en-
graving a plate. That was the first time he had seen him. It
was to he a draft plate for the Fliutshire District Banking Coin-
Parry. Witness engraved one iu pursuance of that direction.
It was for the Surrey, Kent, and Sussex Banking Company.
Between May and September 800 impressions- were struck off
from that, plate. (The platewas put into the hands of the wit-
ness, and identified.) The address was altered by Jones' direc-
tions on 20th September in the same year. Jones instructed
trim to get an indorsing stamp made. He got two made. These
were the stamps produced by Mr. Whitty. In June engraved
at head-line plate for Mr. Jones to put the date on the top of
letters. Struck off about '2OO copies 'of this.
-Crose.-examined by the Prisoner.—He did this business for
4 Jones..
Elizabeth Pritchard stated that she let lodgings in the town
Flice. -She knew a man named Junes, who, in the beginning
of last. June came with a person called young Donaldson, to
look at her lodgings. Afterwards Jones came back with the
.Prisoner at the bar, who went by the name of Donaldson. They
they were going. into the coal trade, and they wanted the
rdour as an office. They. went postman, the next morning,
,„.,-ea,viog, covers with her to give to the that tire letters
might he forwarded.
Cross-ex:mined by,the prisouer.—Witness is a widow, and
her husbattil was a schnelMaster. She could not read writing.
There were seine letters scut, but cannot give any description a
to whom they were addressed.
Joseph 'l'hurilley, poittnea of Flint, knew Mrs. Pritchard's
house. Remembers letters heing addressed to a Mr. Watkins,
est Pritchard's, mitt
steed to have letters 'addressed to Mr.
Watkins there. She used to give him covers. He put the
letters into the corers.. The first was directed to Cheltenham
Cottage—the second to the Liverpool Postoffice. The 'name
on the first he did not remember, the name on the second was
Jones. Dees not knew anybody named Watkins.
Cross-examined by the Prisoner.—Could read writing a little.
The letters were addressed J. Watkins,
_Flintshire District
Bititkiug Company. The reason why he delivered them at Mrs.
Pritchard's was, because two gentlemen called and told them
to do so
•

Mr. Jackson, mana,rer of the Manchester and Liverpool Dis-
trict Banking Cotnp7inv. Knew Kinnear in the year 1832.
Had seen him write. Witness proved the handwriting cf the
prisoner to a hill.
.A. note or letter was put in in the prisoner's handwriting,
w
hi stated that "one of his troop" was apprehended at 13ir-
rnnf,'44111, on charges Of uttering forged notes on the SheerneSs
Bank, and that a similar circumstance had occurred at Man-
ehester, but he hoped only a few days delay would be the con-
sequence.
A letter, addressed to the Kent, Surrey, and Sussex 2;ianking
'Company, desiring to open an account with them in the name
of the Flintshire Banking Company. A letter in reply to the
above was put in, asking more particulars of information, and
promising to take the same into consideration. The reply to
,the latter was read. It made some excuses for not furnishing
,the required information. The reply to this again declined the
~proposal.
Another letter, offering inducements to the London and
Weseninster Bank to open account, and requesting .that the
*same might be done, was put in and read. The reply of the
bankers stated the mode of doing business proposed by the pri-
soner would be perfectly satisfactory. The answer to this,
zaigned J. Watkins, presumed the business arranged, and gave
,ordersito the London and 'Westminster Bank to collect certain
kbills for them.
This was the case for the prosecution.

The prisoner said—As this was the 'first time he ever had oc-
vcasion to address a jury, he hoped they would excuse any ii re-
cgalarity, They were aware that he was charged with having
forged a Bill a Exchange for £7O. and with having afterwards
'tittered it, knowing it he forged. To prove that it, was his hand,
at Mr. Jackson had been called, who had seen him write twice,
and a Mr.Cobbett, whom he did not cross-examine because he
!qid some disputes with him in business formerly. The pri-
'Setter asked the Judge.some questions respecting the law un the
• subject.
The learned JQDGE stated that if the prisoner proved that he
did not forge .the bill, he might still be convicted for uttering
4he bill, knowing the sarne.toloe forged. If, however, he proved
Ithat the bill was not a forgery, there was, of course, an. end .of.
the case. .
The prisoner cent on to state that many Banks had very
. -small heginnin rs i had had
aa
intet.-iii;tud it was evident front the testimony that he
itte instaue,.,.):l!tTe"fin"itrg a Bank.
prisonerprtsoi-i e, r irl
a 1,,( 11 rs.
el'n.trt
,ansro Di, Te producedyt,)th e amdooucnui•
. „%yrfezirtlots sil.u(),w:i.enstrorol.iattot he
*meet certain bills the Lenrion and Westminster 13.tuk, to
John Jones vaiiewd..:l7kait-uisierecllathe.prisener,—Stated that his
snatue
,:aisabiauhVn.ratkin jone,:ones. lie had been called Joh
...I. ones
.—and B,linetiines John Watkinsn
Had carried on, underbusinel;sish the name of ,1. Watkins &Co ,
opsgate.street, ,Londoss. Had done.
sit Great St...Helens,
busineiss with and. for tine prisoner four or five years. - Hui
okncrwn•the ,prisenev Ueynerearfsl: It was ahout.last June when I
!first went to Flirt.
first to, inquire after the price.
oals, their freig4t to the Mediterranean. and also ro take an
-ince. No business ears done in coals. Lived two or three
,nights at Mrs, Pritchard
ether business was suggested in
's.
~,„aseqaence of the visit,
and the
otakanoffice from Mrs. Pritchard,
;Batik by.Kinnear. Witness t of a
'which he toll her was frig :t etnporar Ra • Kinnear went
'over and engaged a bed room for Mi.Y.l . nk
(witness). • This
Bank (the parlour of Mrs. Pritchard!s hous"nes sin ere-respond_
'once with the Landon and Westminster le3)anc'l;.
-to be the Manager of the Bank. -He .(witnesst •
nwWitnessresatofl'ay.::
,\,.1:44,ti him'
for the
-one-twentieth share and £l5O. per annum s ordered
Air plate :from' Mr. Swain of Manchester, and
pork. Tllere was business to the amount of from £5OO. t the
done with the London and Westminster Bank, for th:Flint-
shire .Banking Compan V. The signature to the Bill (produced)
was Kinnear's hand writing. He (witness) had authorised hint
u write that signature. The indorse.ment was in James Henn-
Alersan's hand writing, a wool stapler of Bristol.
Cross-examined by Mr. tRANDT.-1-le was Mr. Kinnear's
.clerk and tin agent. He was called-up to the box in the name
of John Jones. His father's name was John Jones. He was
called, taco, John Watkin Jones. Had no other name. His
master A Kinnear) had no other names that he knew of but
Donaldson and Roberts. Had never heard hire called Roberts
- but at the Star in Manchester. Did not believe there were
and partners in the Flintshire bank but Kinnear. The firm of
, Watkins and Cm Was himself and a young, man named
Rowell who was in London. That was not the firm to he
I,awn upon by Loadon and Co., of Edinburgh. Had been
rarely at Edinburgh for Mr. Kinnear, hut not to open a bank.
Went to talc.. an office to carry on an agency business underthe
title , •.e of ',moon anti Co. Mr. Loadon was a young 'nun who
livert in Loudon. Had been to Dublin, also, on Mr. Kinnear's,
"count, to take au of ice there far general business. The !nisil4Pss there was to be cotirlarled by Mrs. and Charles Jorn's and
hisa f•—ne'prhheoT.as Jones
Was
was his brother, and Charles Jones was
The, draw upon him its Jones on nepho.v.
Vi:nt for Mr.'t 1
::181,a, pler, ang.i,..,nnerir as acceptor. James Henderson is a
'saw hint in Manclraster. For .£l5O per ar-
mr. I t' iiil,l Ni look after Mine CO;ii loudness in Flintsi,j'e•
I:_ve Mrs. Pritchard the mime of ..I,,hn jiffies', that by which
„tlesv:rstlikenor,w.n. WitlK‘ss knows that hp is under indictment as
aneornr,si and,Qiiermslinroooli hank, and also Inc a
I.."inmPil."‘:• I-11d. Palled at ceit•tin i,, 1;5 ;N• ler and
tiotvete9l",:i.l,,i_nd ha-1 alwa \ s ,riveo 'hi, hi.t:ol,- .1..0,11-1 Jones.r
Gan-
ilmied
on 11., 11rit-nLi• ih. boy of tHt hill is in. Was appro.
ter4Abet ~,.. n, 17tb OeW,er. , ;t, was at the beginning, of Se -
1..-i ge ant tieri4e,l iris 71a-ter to S,ll bis ' '
. name:

. .
Re-examined by the prisoner. Has discounted a great many
bills in Laurashire —to the amount of L7OO or LSOO in one
hank. Al the. Manchester and Liverpool District Banking
Comiiany about £2OO. With Moss and Co., from 1:4000 to
1:5(X)0. All had been regularly paid. Had discounted bills at
the North and South Wales bank in Liverpool several times,
and had every reason to believe That he had a balance in hand.

•
Mr. BR NDT said that Mr. Jones had not produced anything.
in defence, but had in fact strengthened the case. _
The jury found the prisoner guilty of forging and uttering.
The Court then proceeded to the trial of the charge against
Kinnear and Jones jointly.
Mr. Bft a NDT said there was another indictment against Kin-
near singly, but after the result of the last trial he thought he
need not proceed upon it. With respect to Jones, he had rea-
son to believe that he was led into the matter by Kir. near. He
was willing to plead guilty to the charge for misdemeanour, and
in the indictment for felony he should offer no evidence.
Dr. BROWN said he appeared as counsel for Jones, and under
his advice he had pleaded guilty to the misdemeanour. He un-
derstood he was 69 years of age.
In the case of Kinnear, the JUDGE said he felt perfectly sum
that the prisoner was, aware of the consequence of the crime
which he had committed. He thought if it had not been for
the alteration of the law lately these forgeries would never have
been committed. If there ever were a case in which such an
extremity of the law would have been required it was that.
There was no sort of extenuation or excuse in the case. It was
one of every. kind of contrivance and rnanceuyre to cheat and
defraud in every direction. He felt that he should not be doing
his duty if he did not carry the law into its fullest effect. The
prisoner was sentenced to transportation for life.
The Learned Judge then addressed Jones. At his time of
life he did not feel that it was necessary for him to pass sentence
for more than imprisonment. The prisoner did not present
himself in a favourable light at the bar, for he had no doubt
'that much of what he had spoken in the withess.box was utterly
false. The prisoner was sentenced to three years' imprisonment.

CHARGE OF ATTEMPTING TO SET FIRE TO A SHIPPON.
THE QUEEN V. WATKINS.

Dr. B 1 OWN stated the case

The defendant stood charged with a misdemeanour, in having
attempted to set fire to the premises of Joseph Holland, at
Huylon, on the 20th of •May, 1537. Dr. Brown said the sup-
posed motive of the act was as follows :—The prisoner occupied
a cottage near the house of Mr. Holland. He and his father
had lived in this cottage for 18 years, without paying any rent.
Suddenly the, landlord called for the rent and arrears, and it
was supposed that thiS was done at the suggestion of Mr.
Holland. .

Mr. BRANDT defended the prisoner.
Margaret Dooley stated that she was servant to Mr. Holland
on the 30th of March last year. Witness went on to state, tbat
on the 22d May last yeaz.she was milking, when she heard Mr.
Holland's dog bark. She went to see what was the matter, and
she saw the dog pursue a man across the meadow. Subse-
quently, at a later hour, she was looking from a window, when
she saw a man standing on a step ladder, which led into a
Dutch hay loft, over a shippou. She hadrpreviously perceived
a smell of file. She tried out and the man ran away. This
individual-she said was the -defendant. The person whom 'she
had seen running across the field also was the defendant. She
went up the step faider and found certain combustible mate-
rials burning under the hay. She immediately threw down
these materials out of the loft into the' yard.
'Two witnesses were called, who proved that on the night,
and at the hour in question, the defendant was at his own house.
A number of respectable persons were called, who gave the
defendant a most excellent character.

• The Jury said they would not trouble his Lordship to sum
up. They were of opin►on that the witness Margaret Dooley,
'was mistaken in her notion, tliat the defendant Was the person
whom she had seen on the ladder.

The defendant was acquitted.
The Court adjourned at half-past six o'clock

NISI PRIUS COURT.—MONDAY.
( Before Mr. Justice Coleridge.)
SPECIAL JURY. CASE.--ORRELL V. GREENOUGH.
The following gentlemen were sworn on the special jury :
Richard Allison,—Foreman.
John Moore, Garston, merchant.
Jiihn Margerison, merchant.
P. H. Smith, Manchester, merchant.
Thus. Robinson, Liverpool, merchant.
Isaac llolmas, Kirkdale, merchant.
John Myers, Liverpool, merchant. .
Joseph Steele, Toxteth Park.
Joseph Scholefield, jun.
. W. J. Tomlinson.
Nathanial Greenhall
And Gardner Boggs.
Mr. Cresswell, Mt. Cowling, and Mr..Wightman appeared
for the plaintiff, and Mr. Alexander, and Mr. Martin fur the
defence.

The declaration stated that the defendant broke and entered
a, close and.made certain end ways; and another count stated
that the defendant broke and entered another close called the
"Lung Gate." To this declaration the defendant pleaded to
the first count, that the cloSe was the freehold of Alice Green-
ough. In the replication this was denied by the plaintiff; and
to the second count the defendant pleaded that he was not.
guilty. This was also denied.
The precise question read in the pleadings related to a very
small slip or land adjoining the Long Gate, as it was called,
near Preseot; and to the coals lying under that road, and also
a trespass on a part of Parr Moss. Toe action was brought by
the plaintiff, Mr. Orrell, as Lord of the Manor of Parr, to try.
his manorial right to a certain small slip of land which the de-
fendant had inclosed without leave from the plaintiff, or paying
him any acknowledgement fur the suite; but the principal
question was to try the defendant's right to obtain coal miner
the slip of land which he had • thus enclosed, and without leave
or acknowledgement. The question in issue was, the plaintiff's
right to demand chief rent. - In order to prove this, muniments
and deeds of Mr. Orrelt,_dated so late as 1663, and other muni-
ments of a .later date, were put in to show Air. Orrell's right
and title to the Parr Moss estate, as lord of the manor; and
other deeds,- showing that he had obtained a release from free-
holders who possessed rights of cowmen. A number of wit-
nesses were also examined to prove that they paid chief rent for
the right of cutting peat, enclosing, building &c. A game-
keeper, was-examined to prove that he had, in the employment
of Mr. Orrell, shot over the whole of Parr, estate for 38 years.
And witnesses vere called to prove that the plaintiff, in order to
try his.disimted right, had felled a number of trees on the land,
and no one had disputed his right to do so.
For the defence it was endeavoured to be. proved on the cross-
examination, that various parties had enclosed and used por-
thins of the land without paying or having demanded of them
any acknowledgement whatever. A great number of witnesses
were called, and Mr. Alexander did not rise for the defence
until 7 o'clock. It was arranged that the conclusion of the case
should be adjourned until this morning, when the verdict will
be given.

DINNER OF THE GUARDIANS OF THE WEST

DERBY UNION.

The election of guardians for the several townships in the
Union took place on Thursday last, but the result is not known
as respects those in which the election was contested. In the
the township of West Derby, Kirkdale, and Great Crosby, the
Struggle was expected to be very severe. In the latter place,
the rate-payers are divided into too parties, Protestant and
Papal—and the utmost exertions have been made by both. On
Tuesday last the guardians for the past year, together with se-
veral officers of the Union, celebrated the termination of their
duties by a dinner at Mr. Stretch's, the Liver Inn, Kirkdale..
Besides the members of the board, many respectable and in-
fluential geritlerneu of the neighbourhood honoured the festive
board by their presence, amongst whom were toe Rev. Mr.
Wilson, the respected minister of Walton, John Formby, Esq.
Michael Ashcroft, Esq..and others. A very excellent dinner
was provided by the worthy hostess, and the wines were of a
quality much superior to those usually produced on similar oc-
casions. The chair was very ably filled by the talented and
highly respected president of the board, Wm. Winstauley, Esq.
and Cartwright, Esq. officiated as vice-president. Although
the company consisted of gentlemen of all parties and politics,
the most cordial good feeling and perfect unanimity prevailed
during the whole evening, and hot a single word or circum-
stance transpired to mar the conviviality of the meeting. After
the customary patriotic toasts had been drank, the worthy
Chairman, in a very appropriate speech, proposed the health of
the Poor Law Commissioners of England and Wales, and in
doing so, bore testimony to the very courteous and respectful
conduct of that influential body in all•matters connected with
the West Derby Union, and expressed his anxiety to see a full
and fair trial made of the merits or demerits of that Act of the
Legislature which had caused so much difference in opinion in
various parts of the kingdom. viz. the new Poor Laws; and
trusted that the new guardians of the Union would show the
same desire to carry that law into operation as had been felt
themselves. The corporation of Liverpool was also drank, to
which Mr. Cooper, as a member of that body, made a very suit-
able acknowledgetnect—and stated his determination to use
every exertion in appropriating the funds of the Corporation to
their.most legitimate purposes, and more especially in lighten-
ing the burdens at present imposed on the inhabitants of the
good old town, by the payment of rates, &c. Several other ex-
cellent speeches were made by Mr. Formby, Mr. Finch, Mr.
Riley, and Mr. Parker. The party separated about 19 o'clock,
after spending a most agreeable evening.

LIVER THEATRE.—This theatre last evening: was crowded to
excess, being for the benefit of Mr. Lee. His Jingle was as
excellent as on former occasions.

THEATRE RoyA t..—Mr. Power is fulfilling• an engagement
at this theatre, which has been well attended hitherto. To-night
the petite comedy of " The yo.ong Widow" is to be performed,
followed by " Rory O'More, ( Rory Q' ilfOre by Mr. Power,)
and the farce of " Conforinded Foreigners."

PROVIDENTIAL ESCAPE IfRoNI DEATH..--rcAUTION TO MA-
RINEES.—On the evening of the 21st tilt. the crew of the Caro-
line,'of Swansea, on retiring for the night, incautiously closed
the hatchway, and left a coke fire burning. At four o'clock- in
the morning the steward was induced to descend into the fore-
castle, when, awful to relate, one of the unfortunate men was
found-dead, and the other two asphyxyated to such a degree as
almost to preclude the possibility of recovery. However, after
the lapse of twenty-four hours, during which time they received
every attention that either humanity could dictate or profes-
sional skill devise from the gentleman in attendance, Aurgw,n
Smith, of Woodside, we are happy to state, that his persevering
efforts were, at last, crowned with success, and that they are
now so well that they will be able to resume their duties in a
few days.

MEETING OF THE RATEPAYERS OF THE TOWNSHIP OF
K IRE DA LE.—On Thursday last the annual meeting of the rate-
payers of this township was held at the Derby Arms, John
Rummer, Esq , in the chair. Mr. M. Ashcroft and Mr. P.
Davies were appointed overseers for the ensuing year; Mr.
Roskell and Mr. Duckworth surveyors of the highways, and
Mr. J. Dtirribell, assistant surveyor, at a salary of £5O; •and
Mr. Ashcroft ..and Mr. Duckworth, assessors. Thanks were
then voted to the chairman, and, the meeting, which had been
most tumultuous, separated.
DENSE Foe.—On Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. a Very
dense fug prevailed, particularly in the morning and at night.
On the latter day, about noon, the "darkness might be felt,"
and gas was generally lighted throughout the town. This state
of the atinoSpheie continued for about two hours. The fog
seems to have extended to a great. distance, and to have been
remarkably dense at sea. On •Tbursdav, for instance, the
Postoffice steamer between Dublin. and Holyhead was obliged,
while crossing the channel, to fire guns as signals of her
" whereatmets,,, and only made the harbour of Holyhead by
hearing the noise of the birds on the South Stack ! -The mail
steamers between Liverpool and Dublin were prevented, by the
density of the fog, from running, and they Were, consequently,
both on Thursday and -Friday, Many hours beyond' their usual
time- of arrival. The same cause, aouhtless, prevented the in-
witid.bound vessels frOm running up channel.

STEAM-QIIIP Corillionortl.--Tilis splendid vessel has already
acquired great fame by the quickness of her passages between
Greenock and Liverpool. She ha 4 now been in work.a month,
thiring which time she has performed. such feats in speed Is, we
believe, were never accomplished by any other vessel. The
paSsay.e, on Wednesday, was made in seventeen hours: Her
Shotte:A voyage hai been made in an hour less;

frbe iLiberpool

TUESDAY MORNING, APRIL 3, IS3B.

rr The Publication of the STA NDA RD commenced this morn.
ing at 5 o'clock.

NEGRO APPRENTICESHIP.—A long and interesting de-
bate on this subject took place iti the House of Com-
mons, on Thursday and Friday evenings last, followed
by a division which we consider to be decisive of the
question. The discussion was opened on the former
night by Sir George Strickland, who rose to move a re-
solution to the elect that the kysteM of negro appren-
ticeship, established under the compensation act, should
cease and determine on the first of •August, 1838. He
was followed by Mr. Pease, who dealt largely in the
usual clap-trap expressiOns resorted to in order to depict
the horrors of slavery. It is scarcely necessary for us
to say that the whole texture-of Ins speech was composed
of shreds and. patches from the oft-refuted reports of
friend Sturge and others of the same kidney. • He par-
ticularly dwelt upon the alleged infraction's of the abo-
lition law as regarded the -food, raiment,, and hours of
relaxation of the natives, and asserted that " the quan-
tity of food was reduced one half since the system of
apprenticeship had commenced." This i neither more
nor less than a palpable, self-evident falsehood, on what-
ever authotity the assertion is made ; • for it is a well
known fact, as proved by. the returns of the imports into
the West Indies for the last ten years, and as acknow-
ledged by Lord Brougham himself, that the quantity of
food consumed by the negroes hasconsiderably increased
since the date of the abolition bill. Indeed, 1.1)e Allusiop
to the food of the negroes was a most unfortunate one
on the part of Mr. Pease under any circumstances, as no
class of the labouring population of Great Britain can
be compared, in regard to either the quantity or the qua-
lity of the food upon which they subsist, to the negro
apprentices.

Mr. Pease professed to be greatly horrified while con-
templating the details which had been introduced in the
various debates which had taken place on the subject of
slavery. We can easily conceive the effect which these
"details" are calculated to produce where they obtain a
ready credence ; but we are perfectly confident that a
visit to the West Indies would prove to every dispassiOn-
ate and unprejudiced inquirer after the truth that these
harrowing details have little existence, excepting in the
distempered brains of certain bigotted enthusiasts who
have made it their business to " get up" cases of atro-
city on the exparte evidence of lying and ungrateful ne-
groes themselves—evidence which would receive a di-
rect contradiction from the well-behaved, industrious,
and moral among the apprentices.

If Mr. Pease wishes to ascertain " the truth, the
whole truth, and nothing but the truth," respecting the
treatment of the negroes, let him consult every black
man or woman he meets with in the streets of London.
Let him elicit from them every particular respecting the
feeding, clothing, and general treatment of the negroes,
and he will soon find how grossly he and others have
been imposed upon by the exaggerated statements of
Sturge, Palmer, and Cu.

Of the subsequent speeches delivered during this de•
bate we have no room to say much at present. The
closing speech, by Mr. W. E. Gladstone, was one of the
most masterly and powerful orations ever delivered on
the subject in Parliament.

Sir 'George Strickland's motion was rejected by a ma-
jority of 269 to 215. The following is an analysis of
the division :
In the majority voted
Conservativ'es
Whigs and Radicals
In the minority—
Conservatives
Whigs
So that the government were beaten by their own friends by
13, had not the Conservatives come to their rescue.
Lord Charles Fitzroy, holding an office in. her Majesty's
government, voted in the minority, and Captain Deans Dundas,
lately appointed Clerk of the Ordnance, declined to -give his
vote in support of those who had so recently conferred the
favour upon him.

THE bum EDUCATION BOARD.—In our former no-
tice of TitUlar M'Hale's last letter to. Lord JOhn Rus-
sell, on the subject of the Irish Education Board, we as-
serted that the Titular afforded the strongest col robora-
tion of the charges brought forward by the Protestant
clergy against the system of education sanctioned by the
Board. The Liverpool Times, in animadverting on our
previous article, takes occasion to deny our assertion,
grounding this denial upon the circumstance that the
Protestant clergy condemned the system on account of
its connivance at Popery, while M'Hale, on the con-
trary, denounces it as being too favourable to sectarian-
ism, or, in other words, to Protestantism.
Now, in answer to the Liverpool Times, we will ad-.
duce the following passage from a work in use in the
schools established by the Irish Board. We quote from
M'ilale's last letter, in which we find the following very
liberal remarks

" Not to dwell further on their sensitive antipathy to books
objectionable as peculiarly belonging to some particular reli-
gious deninnination, alltiw me to direct your lordship's atten-
tion to the declaration made on the production of 'the following
passage from '.Dr. Chailoner's Catholia Chritian Instructed :'

" r What if ;i person, through the absolute necessity of his
unhappy circanetani•es, should be tierl to a-place where he can
never hear mass, do yOu think be might not then be allowed to
inin in prayer ,with those 'of another communion, by way of
supplying this.defect ? No,: certainly. It is a misfortune—and
a great misfortune—to he kept, like David, when he was perse-
6.itkd by Saul, at a ditanee from. the.teMple of God and his

sicred mysteries—hut it would be a crime to join one's self, upon
that account, with an heretical or schismatical congregation, whose

'worship God rejects as sacrilegious and -impious. In such a case,
therefore; a Christian must serve Isis God alone, to the best of
his power, by offering to him the homage of prayer, adoration,
contrition, Btc., and must frequently hear mass in spirit, by
joining himself with all the faithful throughout the earth, wher-
' ever they are offering to God that divine sacrifice, ever sighing
after those heavenly mysteries, and praying for his delivery
from that Babylon which keeps him at a distance from the
temple of God.' Having read this, I wish to observe,' replies
Mr. Blake, that I have no doubt there will be found in this
book, and in other Roman Catholic hoOks, hatter that may give
offence to the feelings of Protestants, and that nothing► could be
more gratifying to Me than to see it utterly expunged.'
" I. too, am unwillin•; to give offence to the feelings of Pro-
testants; but if passages are to be expunged from doctrinal
books, because they may take offence, it fidlows that they should
be purged of every Catholic principle, since some would take of-
fence as long as one solitary tenet would remain. There is a spi-
rit of deep' and solemn reverence for the true worship breathing
through the aboVe quoted passage, which shows that nothing,
could he farther from the mind of the' pious author, than any
want of real charity towards those who had the misfortune of
being deprived of its benefits. It reminds me of the fine and
lofty piety of Eleazar, who refused to purchase life by the least
compromise of the stern duties of his-religious law. While
such a sincere respect for faith sways the teachers of religion,
there is very little danger of the prevalence of an unprincipled
liberalism, which would mistake italifference of faith for feel-
ings of charity, and call those bigots who wished to retain the
impressions of any particular creed. The doctrine laid down by
the venerable prelate, in not joining in worship with any other
sect, cannot be controverted or disguised. The style in which the
doctrine is put forth is bold, it is true, and characteristic of those
strong lines that marked the religious opinions of hiS age; but
with all its apparent harshness, I should prefer the book in it,
integrity rather than subject it to the experiments of some of
our moderns, whose peculiarities of faith are so polished by the
perpetual friction of political life as to leave scarcely a visible
trace of any religious character at all. As tong as a scrupulous
regard is felt for the obligations which religion imposes, it is a
pledge of the soundness of the nation's morality. It would be
almost as safe to entrust the education of Catholic children to Pa-
gans as to any persons who would strive to cancel the sound doctrine
of Dr. Challoner and the Catholic Ch;trch, regarding the sin of
ever joining in religious communion with the sectaries, or taking
any part in the unholy worship of their conventicles. But once de-
stroy :this conscientious adherence to religious faith, which,
propely understood, is always allied with a regard for the con-
scientious opinions of otheas, and you fill the country with pub-
lic functionaries, who will not scruple to make a traffic even of
the sacred interests of religion.

The passage which has drawn this eulogy from such a
furious bigot as M‘Hale, and which expressly designates
the act of joining heretics (Protestants) in public wor-
ship as a crime—which proclaim; such worship to be
sacrilegious and impious—this intolerant passage oc-
curs in a book which has been for a long period in use
among the children frequenting the schools of the Irish
Education BOard. Said we not truly, then, that the Pro-
testant clergy were perfectly right in denouncing the
Irish Extracts? Did they not rightly proclaim their
hostility to a system which authorised so flagrant an in-
sult to the feelings of Protestants as the extract which
we have quoted offers
But the Times rejoins " the system is not suflicientiv
Popish for M'llale." We are well aware of that. The
Popish priests can never" rest satisfied with half mea-
sures. They will not tolerate the " expunging" sys-
tem. They would have the funds of the Education
Board exclusively employed in teaching Popery. They
would have the whole system under their own manage-
went. In using this language of the Popish priests we
speak of them generally, for we have the authority of
Titular Isel‘Hale himself for stating that his views and
those of the body to which he belongs are strictly con-
current. In proof of this we refer to the resolutions
agreed to in a general meeting of the Roman Catholic
Bishops, held in Dublin, on the 25th of January, 1826.
In further corroboration of our assertion we may also
refer to the fact that a petition, founded on INVllale's pro-
posals, was recently agreed to at. a meeting of, and
signed by twenty-two priests, and fonirarded for presen-
tation to Parliament The prayer of the petition is,
that the state .hould provide funds to enable the Romish
clergy to prosecute, or pretend to prosecute, a system of
education with which the state shall 'not interferei and
over which it shall exercise no control:

It is evident, thelefore, from the present crusade of
Ail'Hale,and his associates against the Irish Board, that
no system of educatidn can possibly satisfy the Popish
clergy which is in any degree administered by Protest-
ant teachers or a Protestant board of commissioners. It
is likewise evident that any systein of instruction which
does give satisfaction to the Romish clergy necessarily
involves a complete,surrender of every Protestant prin-
ciple. Such a system is now ,in operation in the Pro-
testant town of f..iverpool, supported out of the corpo-
rate funds; and we fearlessly maintain that it is impossi-
ble for any Protestant to aid in carrying on such a sys-
tem without compromising his religious opinions.

SIR FRANCIS BURDETT AND THE CONSERVATIVES OF
Limapoor..—Our readers will perceive from the follow-
ing letter, which we take from the Times of Saturday
last, that Sir Francis Burdett has, acceded to the wishes
of a number of tradesmen, expressed through .their
Chairman, and will visit this town about the 20th inst.
We have procured a copy of Sir Francis's answer from
the Secretary of the Association, which we subjoin.
We understand, that although ill health has ctmpelled
Mr. Holme to resign the chair de facto, he has been
prevailed upon to remain nominal Chairman of the
Tradesmen's Conservative Association.
" Liverpool, Maith 24, 1838.

" Srit,—A requisition has been presented to the committee
of the Liverpool Conservative Tradesmen's Association, signed
by nearly 200 of the most influential master tradesmen in the
town, calling their attention to the circumstance that you are
about honouring the Operative Conservative Association of
Manchester with your company on the 18th of April next, and
requesting them to apply to you, asking you to make Liverpool
in your way, when a special meeting of the association would
be called for the purpose of receiving you.
" Althongh the committee feel sorry to impose upon your
good nature any additional labour, they could not refuse to
accede to a request from so many right-mitided and loyal men,
and I have been desired to request, most respectfully, that you
will pay us a visit, to assist in strengthening our hands at this
particular juncture, when upon the firmness and loyalty of the
middle classes so much depends for the security of those valued
institutions, both of church and state, which have contributed
under God's blessing to preserve a greater portion of liberty
and security than any country has yet enjoyed.
Knowing myself the many demands made upon public
men, and especially upon those so distinguished as you have
been, it is almost with repugnance that I make the request,
much as it would delight may heart to hail your arrival ; but,
should it be at all inconvenient to you to pay us a visit, we
should rejoice to see you at our annual dinner o❑ the 18th of
October, to meet your noble relative and our beloved reptesen•
tative, for whom we entertain the highest regard and esteem,
and who will most assuredly represent this- important town as
long as he remains a commoner.

" Permit me, individually, to express to you my warmest
thanks for the noble stand you have made in defence of our ad-
mirable constitution ; and to hope that Providence may long
spare you to our country, a brilliant example of what an
Naiglish gentleman and patriot ought to be.

" 1 have the honour to remain, sir,

" Your very faithful and obedient servant,
" SAMUEL HOLM E, Chairman
" Sir F. Burdett, Bart., M.P."

" House of Commons, March 30th, 1838,

" have been trying to arrange my many engagements
so as to enable me to have the satisfaction of accepting yours,
and as I dine at Huddersfield on the 20th of April and at
Loughborough on the 25th, any day between the two I could
pay my respects to Liverpool. Excuse this, in great haste,
but I thought early notice would be to you convenient.

"I remain, sir,
Your most obedient servant,
"FRANCIS BURDETT.

" Samuel Holine, Esq."
We have no doubt that the conservatives of Liverpool
will receive this true-hearted " old English gentleman''
with those feelings of cordial respect which are doe to
him, fur his noble stand for the constitutio., in clud'
and state.

Tim PILOT COMMITTEE.—RADICAL LIBERALITY.—
The' " tyrant majority," who now hold sway in the
Town Council of Liverpool, seem determined to sub-
stantiate their title to the designation of bigotted
clusives in the dispenSation of all local trusts and in the
administration of all our local affairs. Year after year,
before they obtained the ascendancy secured to them by

the municipal bill, they dinned the ears of the public
with their incessant declamations against the " mono.
polising policy "of the T(.ries. Loudly and long • did
they complain against the preference which the Tories
gave to their own partisans in filling the different offices
of public trust in the town. Over and over again did
they protest against this sort of party preference, as in-
volving—a principle of injustice towards the public.
Many and earnest were their promises and professions
as to their own readiness, if admitted into power, to re-
form such a system altogether, and act upon impartial
and equitable principles.
Well, thanks to the municipal reform bill, the " re-
formers" have found their star in the ascendant; and
what has taken. place ? They have nominated sixteen
of their own body to the office of aldermen—they have
placed their own creatures in the different offices con-
nected with the Town-hall—they have swamped the
Dock Committee—and, last of all, they have secured the
administration of all matters connected with the Pilot
Committee. In all and every instance in which this des-
potic faction has had any appointments to make; a far
more exclusive system has been followed than ever ob-
tained under the rule of the Tories.

It appears that several vacancies had taken place in
the Pilot Committee, and that • the remaining members
applied to th.e Mayor to convene a meeting of the Com-
missioners for the purpose of appointing new ones. Be-
fore doing this the " tyrant majority" in the Town
Council, taking advantage of a clause in the Municipal
Reform Act, relative to trusts held by the old Corpora-
tion, appointed 41 members of their own body to be
Com Missioners ! Of these 41, 36 were radicals. Mat-
ters having been thus nicely arranged a meeting was
held on Wednesday last for the purpose of filling up the
vacancies caused by death, retirement, &c.
The'folloWti ng had resigned :
George Higlifield, Esq.,
W. F. Porter, Esq.,
W. Nichol, Esq.,
John Clint, Esq.,
Charles Lorrimer, Esq.,
Thomas Tinley, Esq.
Another vacancy had also been caused by the death of
Moses Benson, Esq.

Now, the terms of the notices which were issued to
the Commissioners, we understand, were, " to fill up
the places of those who had died., retired, or served three
years." But, instead of confining' themselves to this, the
radicals forthwith proceeded to vote out all who re-
mained of the old committee excepting Messrs. Horsfall
and Bibby. The following were the appointments made
on Wednesday :

William Fisher, Esq. vice Alexander Parlane, Esq.
Joh❑ Bibby, Esq. - George Highfield, Esq,
James Aiken, Esq. - James Heyworth, Esq.
Charles Horsfall, Esq. - HughJamesSandersonyEsq.
Richard Sheil, Esq. - Alexander Smith, Esq.
Thomas Bulley, Esq. J. S Nickols, Esq.
Robert Bailey,. Esq. - R. W. Houghton, Esq,
Eyre Evans, Esq. Moses Benson, Esq.
.James Mellor, Esq. - William F. Porter, Esq.
Joshua Walmslev, Esq - WiUiam Nichol, Esq.
ThomasßrockleGank,Esq.- John Clint, Esq.
John Clint, Esq. - Charles Lorrimer, Esq.
Vincent Higgins, Esq. -- 'rho Tinley, Esq. ' •
That the radicals were animated to thts step by politi
cal motives will appear tolerably evident from the tone
of the following note, which has been extensively circu-
lated among the pilots, and. which is supposed to have
emanated from Mr. Aiken :
"TO THE PILOTS OF LIVER poor,.

" Gentlemen,—l have waited till some months have elapsed
since the election before I offered you a few remarks on the
almost unanimous support given by you to the tory or opposition
candidates, and against the candidates supporting the Queen
and the government, and I beg you to understand that these
remarks are made in perfect good feeling.
" It is now universally known and acknowledged that the
reformers own a much larger proportion of the shipping of
Liverpool than the tories, and a still larger proportion of the
shipping not owned here, but trading to Liverpool, is consigned
to reformers; it is, therefore, become a subject of much remark
and surprise that the pilots, as a body, should place themselves
in opposition to the great preponderance of the commercial
community connected with shipping—l therefore am indeced
to place the following picture before you :

" When, seven years from this time, we have two reform
representatives, which the force of public opinion, and a sense
of benefits received, will surely give the town—
" When the exertions of reformers brings about a further
extension of free trade which will benefit Liverpool more than
any other place in England, and the pilots as much as any people
in Liverpool—

" When we have the corn laws repealed, which besides
cheapening our own bread will make Liverpool the emporium
of the corn trade, to which all the corn growing countries will
send their produce for sale, taking our manufactures and the
produce of our colonies in exchange, and having consequently
the effect of bringing to Liverpool, as a mart, large quantities
of sugar, rice, coffee, and other produce, which are now sent
from India, Brazil, Havana, and elsewhere, direct to the
continent of Europe and, according to Mr. Walmsley's calcu-
lation, the repeal of the corn laws will put into your pockets the
pilotage of 50,000 tons of additional shipping in the first twelve
months—

" When the Pilot's Committee is differently constituted, and
there will be in it greater commercial eminence, and more
intelligence and practical knowledge, and less of political
intrigue—

When the energies of the town are developed, and we see
commercial prosperity and social content hand in hand to-
gether—

" When seven years hence these things occur, will you allow
it to be said that the pilots were the last to discriminate where
the true interests of the town were based, that while various
branches of the community emulated each other in the means Of
acquiring these benefits, that the Pilots of Liverpool were the
draystones to the prosperity of their native town, by their adhe-
rence to a faction fighting only to regain that power which they
lost because they abused.

" I remain,' gentlemen,
" Your most obedient servant,
" SIMON LOOKON."
We may hereafter venture to offer a few r€marks as
to the ulterior objects of this despicable faction.

The Rev. Hugh M`Neile, M.A. preached, on Thursday even-
ing last, at St. Paul's church, in behalf of the Schools. Up-
wards of 4000 persons were present; many were unable to get
admittance, the church being completely filled before service
commenced. The collection amounted only to £46 7s.
The Rev. John M'Conch is appointed minister of All Saints'
church in this town.
Mu. BATES' BENEFIT.—Mr. Bates has annnuncell his bene-
fit to take place at the Amphitheatre to-morrow evening. We
hope, that his friends will muster strongly round him on the oc-
casion. During this busy time of Assize, we recommend the
many strangers now in town to pay the Amphitheatre a visit.
the entertainments ate so well chosen and varied that all tastes
may be suited.
PANORAMA.—The Panorama in Cook-streeet continues to
prove very attractive. Now that the admission is reduced to
sixpence, numbers of persons have availed themselves of be-
holding the picture of a city so telebtated in holy writ. This
panorama is exceedingly well worth seeing.
TESTIMONIAL TO JOHN NORTH, ESQ.—A very h‘indsotne
service of plate may now be inspected at Dismore's, the gold-
smith and jeweller's, in 80ld-street, which is to be presented to
John North,•E'sq. It is very massive, and richly chased, in the •
antique style. It bears his crest and the following inscription:
To JOHN NORTH, ESQ.,
In testimony of his professional exertions
in maintaining the rights of the
Dock-rate Payers of Liverpool.
1836.

BUNCORI4 BAZAAR.—This baiaar was held in the rooms of
the National School, on Thursday, the 2i2(1, and Friday, the 23d
ult., which were admirably arranged for the occasion, under the
superintendence of the committee of management. A marquee
was erected from the gate to the entrance, and over the building
floated several appropriate flags. The weather, during both
days; was rather unfavourable, but the great attraction of the
scene caused an early influx of strangers and visitors into the
town. Never, perhaps, i❑ the town of Rh-I:Worn, was there
before such a gathering of rank and fashion. The beauties of
Cheshire and the far-famed Lancashire witches shrine more
resplendent. During the first day the receipts were £415, and
the handsome of £lOO was presented to the committee by Miss
Orred, of Higher Runcorn.

.
Makingtogether- .
£515 0 0
Second day's receipts . 2BO 0 0
Several articles remaining unsold, say re-
ceived afterwards

Total £BO5 0 (.)
Which will be appropriated towards defraying the expenses of
building the new church in Runcorn, which is intended to be
opened for divine service in June next.
LotslioN AND BIRMINGHAM RAILWAY.—We oave stated
already, that on Monday next, a considerable portion of this
railway,!-in addition to that which is already in use, will be
opened to the priblic, and passengers will be conveyed along the
whole distance by the company. The arrivals and departures
will be so arranged that the whole journey front and to Liver-
pool or Manchester to London will be made in one day. When
this arrangement is made, the London morning papers will
reach Liverpool on the evening of their ptiblicatiou. We be-
lieve, that about thirteen hours will be spent. on the road. The
fares by the first-classcoaches (whiCh answer to the inside places
in ordinary conveyances, butare fitted up in a style of consider-
able luxury) are 30s. The fares by the second- class are 211 s.
Iha second-class coacheii are roofed, but are open at the sides,
and have IlLienYered wooden seats. In roominess, safety, and
general convenience and comfort, however, the outside places
of the best ()Meted stage coach will not bear a moments' compa-
rison with theM. The present stage coach fares between Lon-
don and Birmingham are, insides, 1:2 ss, ; outsides, 10s. So
that, to the advantages of superior comfort and expedition, rail-
way travelling adds' that of a togisicterteble saving of expense.

,v-
- _
coRRESPthfii.A ,X 04-‹.
xv

ERECTION OF WAREHOUSES
TRUSTEES.

`-.li HE DOCK

TO THE EDITOR' OF THE LittERPOOL ST.IIND4RD.
It is hoped that men of all parties will unite in putting down
the nefarious attempt of the dock trustees to misapply the public.
looney in building warehouses.. Their properly, &c., was made
over to thenffor the purpose of making ducks mutt not for erect-
ing warehouses.
These ttioughtleSs men little think the consternation that
they have already caused in the minds of the owners of that,
description of property. Many, apparently wealthy, have large
snms borrowed upon mortgage, and it is frightful to contem-
plate the misery that a panic would be productive of by causing
an immense quantity of warehouses to be thrown upon the
market for sale.

It is a notorious fact that nearly three fourths are deeply
mortgaged, and thiX kind of property should, above all other
things not be tampered With.
It is to be hoped that the town council will exercise their
veto at once, and set at rest the question.. Their integrity as
a public body is vitally concerced in the question, and I do not
think that they will countenance this barefaced robbery.
When the question of renewing leases came under discussion
—owing to an oversight, as it was afterwards discovered. the.
power of renewal was taken from the corporation—which would
have been very detrimental to many who held corporation pro-
perty. Persons of their party showed everyanxiety to get the.
obnoxious clause altered, and when the corporation take a
calm review of this question, they will be now not a whit
behind what they were at that time irr protecting property.
They have a direct interest iu puttiug.a stop to the deprecia-
tion that has already began to take place in it; for, indepen-
dent of their being bound to keep faith with the public, the re-
version of the land is, in many instances, in them.
Their principal source of income is derived froiltite sale of
property and land, and the renewal of leases; ary4-11Tenture to
predict, that until this question is settled they will have very
little of the latter to do, and that they will be able to sell very,
little of any of their proper!y; at least, if they do, it will be at at
considerable 'reduction, end they will be thus the first to suffer.
But I hope better things of them, and that they will, by putting
their veto upon the resolutions of the dock trustees at once, set
all things right. I am, &c., VINDEX.
