TRAVELS OF MR, WOLFF, THE MISSIONARY.

SKETCHES IN THE MANCHESTER GALLERY.

(From the Munchexter Courier.)

No. 7.—NAPOLEON IN HIS IMPERIAL ROBES.
Pride on the lofty brow,
Pride in the eagle eye!
And the ermined robes around him flow,
Like clouds round the sun on high!
Pride for the lowly born!
Let Fame's loud trumpets sound !
He stands in the light of Glory's morn,
An Emperor, robed and crowned!

His eye is like a star
'Neath his broad forehead set,
Flashing forth radiance clearer far
- Than the gems of his coronet.
Can the flush of pomp and state
His heart's high triumph swell?
Can the Bands of royalty elate
His soul as with a spell?

No; for that sinewy hand
Was made for the glittering steel;
And that brow and lip for high command
Where the cannon thunders peal.
The foot so richly shod
Hath trampled on the slain,
And marked the soft and gory sod,
On the fatal battle plain.
Oh, cast those trappings by,
And take the sword and shield;
Put on the rougher panoply
Of a soldier in the field !
Mount, mount thy bounding barb,—
Let the glittering harness ring;
So shalt thou have a fitter garb,
Oh, fearless warrior king !

The spring of pride in thee
Is in thy spirit's might,—
Thou wouldst that none on earth were free
Save thou on thy sovereign height!
Conqueror ! the King of kings
Looks down upon thee now,
And sees, amidst created things,
A. greater far than thou!

One with a downcast eye,
And a voice of gentle tone;
One robed in meek humility,
Bending before His throne.
Thou fain wouldst rule the globe,
He can his heart control—
And he wears a far more glorious robe,
And bears a loftier soul!

SONG,
Sung (by Mr. Frail) at the Annual Dinner of the Shrewsbury
_ Conservative Club, April 30tb, 1838.

r From the garopian Journal.)

When you look to the past, and think what you have seen,
Oh,. what fools von Conservative brothers have been !
To stick to the Church, and the Queen, and the Laws,
Where there's nought to be got by the old-fashioned Cause;
For the Church it will soon tumble down, Sir,
And the Queen will have never a crown, Sir,
And the Laws will be all trodden down, Sir,
So I'll be a radical boy!

That the Church is in danger, a blind man may see:
Let it die : there's another much better for me :
For Dan says, the papists can sin at their ease,
And get the priest's blessing to do what they please:
Just to go and get drunk at your ease, Sir,
Tiss the wenches whenever you please, Sir,
hen confess a good lie on your knees, Sir;
Oh, I'll be a radical boy !
Then you talk of the Queen, and your love for the Throne,
A bauble that, one person sits on alone :
But we radical boys will not have one so small,
But a throne that is made big enough for us all :
For the people are sovereigns all, Sir,
And-together we'll sit, great and small, Sir,
In the Palace—Equality Hall—Sir;
Then, hurrah for the radical boy!

Then, what use for the laws when each one is a King,
Ax.d no subjects to whip, or imprison, or swing :
So we'll leave,theta to rot in their mouldering archieves
end no honour we'll have but what's found among thieves:
Then• let us set to it pell7mell, Sir,
For the .rnob,wil:l come out with a swell, Sir,
And thii Ration turn to a hell, Sir,
Like a jolly good radical boy !

'Have patience, my friends, of tliis song not a word
Is-my own ; bat a radical rascal's I heard !
But his doctrine and aims they are Journal'd so clear,
4 thought it was right they were Chronicled here:
For the Queen, Lords, and Commoni, our cry, Sir,
And our Church, God protect it on high, Sir,
And make all its enemies fly. Sir,
Will pray your Conservative boy!

CONTEMPORARY PRESS.

ENCOURAGEMENT OF BRITISH AND IRISH

FISHERIES.
( From the Morning Herald.)

Among the exceptions to the joint-stock mania, to
which we alluded a few days since, we should decidedly
include all associations for the improvement of the Eng-
lish, Scotch, and Irish fisheries. These are truly national
s>bjecta, and' have hitherto been too much neglected.
While looking to the mines of wealth which our coali,
our iron, tin, and copper present, we have been by far
too unmindful of the vast field of useful enterprise which
.onr insular situation offers; and to the fact that while
frbm the surrounding seas vast resources in food at hothe,
and Of merchandise abroad, are to be found, at the same
!isms, we. might be rearing up thousands of those gallant
seamen to whose exertions on their native element we
blife oer national safety, greatness, and independence.
tn-Stehil, for instance, of providing prisons for " juvenile
offenders," how many hundreds of those who are. now
classed under that ignominious head might, if transferred
to the fisheries, be made useful and 'valuable members of
society, trained by early habit to the perils of the ocean,
and, as such, fit to man our national and mercantile
navy ! Whether taken up, then, by government, or by
joint-stock associations, every project connected with s()
truly national an object deserves encouragement and
support. 'By-these means food and occupation for thou-
stinds might be obtained; and the flag and wooden walls
4.1 f .oh Epgland still be made " the dread and envy" of
surrounding nations.

FIRST FRUITS AND TENTHS.
(From the Manchester Courier.)
Mr. Baines, the dissenting member for Leeds, on
Tuesday night, brought forward a motion for a committee
of the whole house " to take into consideration the pro-
priety of abolishing the first-fruits of the clergy in Eng-
land and Wales, and the more effectual rating and the
better collection of the tenths applicable to the mainten-
ance of the poor clergy." When the house divided,
there were only between seventy and eighty members
present, a circumstance, no doubt, to be attributed to the
opinion that so absurd a motion might be left to defeat
itself; the consequence, however, was, that the motion
for going into a committee was carried by a majority of
-21, ministers being in the minority. The object of Mr.
Baines's scheme is to impose a tax upon the wealthier
clergy for the benefit of the poorer, assigning as the
ground for his proceeding the rights established under
the statutes of Henry VIII and Queen Anne. The ex-
action of first fruits and tenths, as is well known, was
originally an usurpation of the Pope, and was first in-
troduced in the reign of Icing John and Henry 111. ; but,
according to Blackstone, it met with a vigorous resist
ance from the English parliament. When the Papal
power was abolished, this revenue was attached to the
crown, which was done by the statute of the 26th Henry
VIII.; and it remained in the crown until Queen Anne
granted it for the augmentation of poor livings. The
question now is, whether the poor clergy enjoy all that
that they are entitled to under the statute of Queen
Anne. On this point, we imagine, the opinion of the
Solicitor-General is a better authority than that of Mr.
Baines ; and what that learned gentleman affirms is,
that " the clergy have now under that statute all that
they have ever been entitled to." There is nothing in
the act to countenance the opinion that the amount tube
levied upon the clergy should vary according to the al-
tered value of the benefices. On the contrary, it ex-
pressly says, " the said fruits, as well as the tenths pay-
able by the clergy, shall hereafter be answered and paid
by them according to such rates and proportions only, as
the same have heretofore been usually rated and paid."
These words, we think, settle the question so far as re-
gards the meaning of the statute of Queen Anne. That
the measure will make no further progress may, we
think, be. safely predicted; for one so absurd, so untena-
ble;, has scarcely ever been submitted to the considera-
thin of parliament.

THE CLAIMS OF THE BRITISH LEGION.
(From the Standard.)
The wrongs and the claims of the officers of the un-
fortunate "Legion" came under the notice of the House
of Lords on Friday night.
It appears that these officers had applied to the Foreign
Secretary to entreat the Queen's government, which had
encouraged them to engage in. the service of the Queen
of Spain, to take upon itself the payment of the arrears
due to them; and that Mr. Backhouse, the Under Se-
cretary, had, by the authority of his principal, Lord Pal-
merston, given them an answer to the effect, that their
claims had been forwarded to the Treasury; from which
the sufferers drew the inference that, under the circum-
stances, they were entitled to draw, namely, that the
government was about to comply with their request.
Lord Aberdeen asked whether the government really in-
tended to undertake the payment in question. 'Lord
MAourne replied, in the negative.
The fate of this application will have a good ultimate
effect, because it will teach men to think seriously of the
fatly of making war a trade, who would not be much in-
fluenced by moral or religious considerations. But
tho Ugh the- ultimate consequences must be beneficial, it
is impossible not, to feel deeply disgusted at the conduct
pursued by ministers towards their unfortunate dupes.
No one can say in behalf of Lord Melbourne and his
"Ileagues, tha.t in cheating, or aiding to cheat, the offi-
cers of the Legion, and in torturing them with equivo-
cating promises, and the heart-sickness of deferred hope,

they look to any moral consequences. They were the
first to suggest the mercenary expedition to Spain—they
relaxed the law to give it facility—they defended the
bucaneering system in parliament—they marshalled Bri-
tish soldiers and sailors in the same rank with the le-
gionaries—and they have thought proper to give to the
fugitive commander of the Legion the highest reward of
military merit. It is not competent to them to say, that
there was anything morally wrocg in the expedition.
Upon what other ground, however, can they pretend
to evade the responsibility which they have incurred to-
wards the British subjects whom they have encouraged
to give their labour and to risk their lives in the cause of
Queen Isabella ? We do not admit the defence supplied
by the Duke of Wellington, that to pay these luckless
men would lead to interminable claims; that ought to
have been thought of beforehand. The only question
now is, whether the debt is due by the honorary gua-
rantee, the principal having failed to discharge it. If the
inconvenient consegences of paying a just debt are to be
received as a good plea, few debts need ever be paid.
The matter is extremely simple as it stands, but it may
possibly be made clearer by an individual case. A, a
rich man, who has B completely, in his power, calls upon
C, a poor man, to engage in B's service; amplifies B's
merits, declares that he (A) is anxious for B's success,
and reminds C that he (A) is in a particular manner, and
by the highest obligation, bound to vindicate his (C's)
claims against art the world; thus encouraged, C en-
gages in the service proposed, and faithfully executes it
as far as he is able; B dismisses him unpaid ; C applies
to his prompter and his proper protector, A saying—
compel B to pay me, as you easily may, or pay me your-
self. A answers coolly, Oh no; I invited, encouraged
you, and declared that you would oblige me, your, natu-
ral protector, by entering B's service; but remember
you were a free agent. I will not press my friend Bon
your account, and it is quite a joke to think that I will
pay his debts; why, I have acted towards others as I
acted towards you, and I must pay all if 1 pay you. Do
you not know that fraud is always protected in proportion
to its magnitude? We think that a court of law Would
bring to reason one who should attempt so disgraceful an
evasion of a just responsibility. We are sure that he
would be excluded from all decent society. Yet this is
just the language employed last night by Lord Mel-
bourne. As to the letter of Mr. Backhouse, it holds out
as plainly as words can a promise that Lord Palmerston
would interest himself with the Treasury to promote the
object of the applicants; without absolutely undertaking
for the final resolution of his colleagues, his lordship
could not say more; and if he was aware that that final
determination would be unfavourable, it was aggravating
fraud by cruelty and insult to say so much. But, as we
have intimated, the real engagement to see the officers
and men paid was ratified when they were invited by the
British government into the Spanish service. The Bri-
tish government is bound to assert the claim of every
British subject, even where it haS not been a party to
the transaction upon which the claim is founded. Were
a British merchant-ship detained in a Spanish port, would
it not be the duty of our government to enforce her re-
storation by force of arms, if such force should be re-
quired ? And how does the case of a debt due to a body
of British subjects upon a transaction which our govern•
ment cannot afford to treat as otherwise than legitimate,
differ from the case of a ship detained ? But the case is
made immeasurably stronger by the admitted share
which our government had in the creation of the debt,
and by its retrospective acknowledgment that the Legion
was really, though furtively, engaged in its own service.
This retrospective acknowledgment is the red ribbon
conferred upon Sir George Evans. That badge must be
considered as the reward of services to Great Britain ;
and if the commander of the Legion was engaged in the
service of the British government, his unhappy followers
cannot be separated from the same service.

Mr. Wolff, the missionary, recently went to Cambridge,
where he has been giving an account of his procediings in the
various remote countries which he visited in furtherance of the
object of his mission—the conversion of the Jews. We sub- ,
join a portion of his description, which will be read with niter- .
est. Mr. Wolff, after leaving Constantinople, went to Psidia,
in Asiatic Turkey, where St. Paul stopped in one of his jour-
neys. He then visited various cities till he came to Babylon,
where he found the prophecy of Jeremiah was literally fulhlled,
for the wild beasts only dwell there. Morever, what is ren-
dered in our version " Satyrs shall dance around her," should
be " The worshippers of the devil shall dance around her," for
the Yzeeda, a sect who inhabit the adjoi::ing mountains, and
worship the devil, do dance there, and they have a name which
corresponds with that recorded by the prophet in the original
Hebrew. He then- visited the Syrian Christians, 600,009 in
number, who inhabit a mountain on the borders of Asiatic
Turkey, and who have a tradition that their forefathers were
those Christians, who fled with St. James at the destruction of
Jerusalem: He described their bishops, and spoke in terms of
great admiration of their treatment of him. He then recounted
his adventures till he was taken by a party of wandering
Toorkmans near Meshid, in Persia, who stripped him of all his
clothes, took away his money, and tied him to a horse's tail,
while one of the party, more mischievous than the rest, lashed
him as he went along. When he arrived at Meshid, an order
from Abbas Mirza, the eldest son of the King of Persia, ar.
rived, directing the governor of that pla,.e to liberate him and
all the slaves, which he did. Thus, said Mr. Wolff, "at the
very moment when I was praying to God' for deliverance, my
chains fell off, and Joseph Wolff was free !" Mr. Wolff then
gave an account of Meshid (where he was liberated from the
slavery of the Toorkomans), stating that it is a city where be-
tween 20,000 and 30,009 pilgrims annually visit the tomb of a
celebrated Imaun, who, having died a martyr to the Moslem
creed, is reported to perform miracles still. Here also was a
sect of mystical philosophers. who gave an allegorical meaning
to those "books of the Old Testament admitted by the Moslem
creed. He proclaimed to the Jews that the Messiah had
come, and remarked that they explained the 7th chapter of
Isaiah in the same manner as Christians believe the prophecy
to have been fulfilled. The day following he was visited by
Abbas Mirza himself, whom he described as a most amiable
prince, to whom he explained the object of his journey, and
who said he would cause the robbers to be punished if Mr.
Wolff desired it, as all the country round was in his possession
now. This4wiwever, was declined by Mr. Wolff. While lie
(Mi. Wolff)' as at Meshid, sixteen Toorkomen arrived from
Bockhara and Samarcand to treat for peace. He was present
at their audience of Abbas Mirza, who, seated on a kind of
throne, told them that he was determined to put an end to the
making of slaves by the Toorkomans, and that if the King of
Bokhara did not agree to three conditions, he (Abbas Mirza)
would march from Bokhara, burn all the villages as he passed,
and liberate all their slaves. These conditions were as follow:
First, they should desist from making slaves in the Persian
dominions; second, they should allow a Persian to reside at
Bokhara, to see to the proper keeping of the treaty; and third,
that they should take his friend Mr. Wolf to Bukhara in safety,
and treat him as a guest, and leave two of their number as
hostages for his safety. This they agreed to, going through the
eastern ceremony of eating salt with him, Which made him a
guest and insured his safety. He then travelled through a de-
sert, where there were great quantities of snow, and had to sleep
at night wrapped in the skins of animals, having no tent. He
next arrived among a people of the desert, who haVe a tradi-
tion that a portion of their people migrated in the direction of
Germany. which corresponds with the German tradition of the
peopling of that country. He remarked a great similarity in
their language, found at least 100 German words, and no doubt
remained on his mind that their langnage was the root of the
German, and that the Germans sprung front them. He re-
marked, also, that their phisiognomy was completely German.
He found ofterwards, in a republic in the desert, a considerable
number of Jews, who were much respected by the others.
They invited him on the Sabbath to pray in their synagogue.
They kept the Sabbath with great strictness, and he had no
doubt they were a remnant of the ten tribes. Just as he was
about to depart, some of these people Came to hint with a
strange request. They said that as they were forbidden to
plunder the Persians, they were going to plunder the caravans
of some other people who lived towards the Himalaya moun-
tains, and to make slaves; and they wished his blessing before
they departed, iu order that they might succeed. He told them
they should not have it, but they might rely upon it, that if they
went, they would be punished eternally, if not by their law's.
They then travelled on towards Bokhara, through a vast desert,
where his guide told him that he was directed by the stars at
night, arid by the north wind by day. In this way they went
on, occasionally stopping at the close of the day to kindle a fire,
smoke their pipes, and drink tea with salt and grease (and he
could assure them it was very good (till they came to a city and
Toorkoinan camp called Maunda. Here he found also Jews,
to whom he sung the hymn he had beard in the tent city, and
continued with them ten days, preaching and praying that they
might have a knowledge of Jesus Christ. He then stated that
he passed the Oxus, and called upon the old chief, who he had
been told, when in Russian 'l'artary, would drown him in it.
The old chief advised Mr. Wolff not to talk to the Mahometans,
either there or at Bokhara, against their religion, or he might
rely upon it they would put him to death, notwithstanding his
protection from Abbas Mirza. He afterwards went about the
place speaking and preaching to the Jewish rabbis pos-
sessed the law of Moses, and some of the prophets, though
not all (Zechariah for instance,) which showed plainly thatthey
were the descendants of the ten tribes, who did not return from
captivity. They stated also, that when Ghingis Khan overran
the country, they narrowly escaped mixture with the other peo-
ple, and were obliged to anathematise all who should marry with
the heathen. Ile also stated that they had a tradition that at
this time a portion of their people migrated to China, which
agrees with the accounts furnished by the jesuit missionaries in
China, who reported that the Jews they met with stated that
their forefathers migrated there in the time of Ghingis Khan,
from Bokhara. He then left Bokhara, and near Balk was pas-
sed unobserved by a band of predatory 'Tartars. He went on
to the place where Moorcrott was killed, on the confines of Ca-
bul, and from thence, he set out for Abyssinia and Timbuctoo
in 1835. He said that the Abyssinians were a very wild people,
though they were ruled by the law of Moses. For instance,
when he told one of the chiefs that he required a warm room,
he ordered him to be put among the cows in astable; and when
be asked them for meat, they gave him a live cow ! They were
still ruled by one of the tribe of Solomon, who were descended
from Queen Sheba, by King Solomon, she having visited Jern-
salern to behold him and hear his wisdom. He married her,
and she returned to her own country, where her offspring by him
have ruled the Abyssinians ever since. While here, he found
all that Bruce, the traveller, had stated was true, even 'to their
eating raw meat, and cutting it from the living animal. The
latter; however, was not done, except upon great emergencies.
Mr. Wolff, in conclusion, said they had heard the miseries he
had endured in Tartary, where he was beaten, robbed, and made
a slave. They had heard of his narrow escapes while returning;
and he had recounted to them some of his adventures in Abys-
sinia. He would ask them what they thought it was supported
him and made him strong acid firm-in all his difficulties? It was
the consciousness that he was spreading the knowledge of the
LORD JESUS CHRIST among-his-own people, whom he loved, as
well as among all others whom he met with.
It may be mentioned that while Mr. Wolff was in America,
the ex-president, John Quincy Adams, in moving that the use
of the Hall in Washington should be given to Mr. Wolff for his
lectures,' took occasion to say that he (Mr. Wolff) was one of the
most extraordinary men living on the earth at this time. He
was originally a Jew, and after the most profound investigation
of the Scriptures, and a patient and assiduous comparison of the
Old and new Testament, he had been brought, by the aid of
a most powerful intellect, to the conviction of the truth of
the Christian revelation. To the propagation of that Gospel
throughout the world he had ever since been de'voting all his'
powers.
Mr. Wolff intendsmaking a visit to Ireland, and has.it in con-
templation to visit the chief towns in England and Scotland,
not only to give an account in pers.on of his missionary labours,
but to impress upon the public mind the importance of endea-
vouring to extend, and to establish on a larger scale than hi-
therto, the society already established for the conversion of the
Jews. He is prepared to undertake another mission of the Jews.
He is prepared to undertake another mission; and feeling per-
suaded the African continent contains suite remnants of the Ten
Tribes, his object is primarily to reach Timbuctoo. His journal
may be expected to appear in three months.

The Queen has been pleased to appoint the Earl of Belfast
vice-chamberlain of her Majesty's household.
The King of Hanover is expected over next month, with a
brilliant staff, to attend the coronation of his royal neice. His
Majesty will previously visit the King of Prussia at Berlin.

- - -
The Cork Harbour Regatta is fixed fur the 10th of July, and
three following days.
Phosphorus, winner of the last Derby, was sold at Newmar-
ket, on Wednesday, to the Duke of Brunswick, for 910 guineas.

There has been a flight of locusts in the district of Benares,
which have not only eaten up all the vegetables, but every living
thing—sheep, fowls, kids, &c.

Mr. W. Lyon Mackenzie is now in ,gaol in New York, placed
there by a brother Scotchman, named Bruce, who was for many
years one of his admirers and friends, but to whom he is guilty
of owing money for type, Sze., the said M r. Bruce being a type-
founder.

JONATHAN'S DESCRIPTION OF A STEAM BOAT.—lt's got a
saw mill on one side, and a grist mill on t'other, and a black-
smith's shop in the middle; and down cellar there's tarnation
great pot, huilin' all the time.
It is intended to form a new steam ferry company, to run
steam vessels across the river 'Tyne, between North and South
Shields. The capital is to be £lO,OOO, i❑ shares of £lO each.-
-Sunderland. Beacon.

" Pray," said Mr.
the complaisance to take my topcoat in your carriage to town ?"
" With pleasure; but how will you get it again ?" " Oh, very
easily," replied the modest applicant; '' I shall remain in it."
THE WILT, OF Mu. WOOD' OF GLOUCESTER.—The town-
council of Gloucester, at their last meeting, voted that £l5O be
paid to Mr. Wilton, to reimburse him for money actually paid
out of his pocket in opposing Mr. Wood's will be allowed pro-
bate in the Prerogative Court; but they came to a resolution
that all further proceedings must he paid out of Mr. 'Wilton's
own pocket, as the codicil would not be opposed.—Gloucester
Herald.

IRON ORE TO ANTWERr.—In the summer and autumn of
last year there was shipped at Barrow, within the creek of Ulver-
stone and port of Lancaster, 2500 tons of iron ore. It is ex-
pected during the present year that a large exportation of the
same mineral will take place. The iron ore trade at Ulverstone
is very brisk, and likely to be increased.
SERIOUS ROBBERY BY A FEMALE SERVANT.—On Sunday
morning last, about half-past six, it was discovered that a young
woman in the service of Mrs. Bancks, Stony Knolls, Higher
Broughton, had quitted the house; and about the same tune
six ►silver forks. with an engraved crest, a wing, and eight silver
tea-spoons marked It, were missed. Information was given to
the police, but it was not till the following day that the whole
extent of the loss was ascertained. On Monday it was dis-
covered that a silk purse had been abstracted from the portman-
teau of a gentleman visiting at the house, containing a £5O no'e
and a £2O note of the bank of Messrs. Daintry and Kyle.
Macclesfield, three £lO and one £5 Bank of England notes,
about £3O in gold, and two £5 notes of country banks, one it is
believed a Derby, and the other a Chesterfield bank. The coin
altogether is £146. It seems that the gentleman, who had just
come of a journey, was going out for the evening on Saturday,
and put the purse out of his pocket into the portmanteau, which
he had neglected to lock. As the servant had been engaged on
the character given by Mrs. Waller, of Ardwick grove, in whose
service she had been, enquiries were made of Mrs. Waller,
which led to the discovery that the girl, whose real name is
supposed to be Mary Farmer, had gone to Mrs. Bancks in the
assumed mime of Sarah Webster, (a servant who had lived
with Mrs. Wailer,) and had thus obtained a goo ll character to
which she had no right, having been discharOd from Mrs.
Waller's service for dishonesty. Farmer has frien.ds in Wigton-
shire, Scotland, and it is supposed that she made her way
northward. She is a stout, tall, good-looking girl, about five
feet six inches in height, and it is supposed she is wearing a
silk cloak belonging to Mrs. Bancks. A reward has been offered
for the apprehension of Farmer.—Mancliester. Guardian.

Emporto.

I VEST INDIES.

Lima Packet, (210) It Singleton, from Trinidad, 200 serons cotton,
Buchanan and Browde-99 do, It Hutton & co-50 brls cocoa, M
Strickland-50 bags do, T and W Earle and co-55 do, 230 hhds 5 tees
32 brls sugar, 60 puns molasses, W Muir—Q D

SOUTH AMERICA.

Robert, (119) R Hamilton, from Savanilla, 100 tons fustic. R Hen-
derson and Sons-329 bales cotton, A W Powles and co—G D
John Airev, (98) J Lang, from Tohasco, 79 tons logwood, Watson
Brothers and co.—From Tampico. 13 tons fustic, 21 bundles sarsapa-
rilla, Watson Brothers and co—G D
MEDITERRANEAN.

Post Boy, (96) E Perriam, from Venice, 29 bales cheeps' wool, .1
Powell-1 ao, 53 casks red argot, 50 tons valunla, 3 boxes British
manufactures returned, 19 brls 10 cases contents unknown, order-
-2 parcels contents unknown, Ross Brothers—l box do, Carson and
Bell-1 do, Herford-2 do, [1 Jones-5 casks tartar, 220 bags linseed,
Ross Brothers-1 cask tallow, C and E Hunt and co—G D
Tiber, (177) J Candler, from Smyrna, 30 tons emery stone, A Sin-
clair-50 bales cotton wool, J Davies-65 hales cotton, J M`Laurin-
-02 do. 38 sacks yellow berries, 13 cases gum, 208 bales madder roots,
50e old junk, order—K D
Exile, (122) W Avery, from Palermo, 30 tons brimstone, 3 pipes
wine, J Moss and eo—&s boxes oranges, Potter Brothers-21 casks
argol, 20 bags walnuts, 1550 bags sbumic, order-8 D
