STATE OF TRADE.

The cloth trade at Leeds continues very good, and prices re-
main firm. In the present aspect of affairs there is no induce-
ment to speculate, and to this circumstance we are probably
indebted for the present wholesome state of our commercial.
Yelations. Our recent markets have been marked by more ex-
tensive purchases than usual, and prices are looking upwards.

BRADFORD MAnKET.--On Thursday, there was a very gene-
ral demand for all descriptions of goods, and many extensive
sales were effected, highest prices having been asked iu several
instances. The purchases of wool have beeei steady during the
week, the demand being. principally for hogs and superior
wether sorts. Yarns have met, ready sale, and in some
instances better prices have been obtained.
HUDDERSFIELD.—There was a good demand here on Tues-
day for cloths of a low quality, and alsu for some of the newest
patterns of fancy goods.
BARNSLEY LINEN TRADE.—Business continues brisk, and
every loom is fully employed.
.ROCII DA LE, APRIL 20.—Our market to-day was not quite so
active as last week, yet, on.the whole, there was a fair business
done : on some kinds prices could scarcely be maintained, the
spring trade being almost over. In wools the demand was
pretty good without any alteration in price.

DIFFICULTIES OF Eoi;oas.—The truth is, an Editor casino
step without treading on somebody's toes. If he expresses his
opinion fearlessly and frankly, he is arrogant and presumptuous.
If he states facts without comments, he dares not avow his sen-
timents. If he conscientiously refuses to advocate the claims
Of an individual to office, he is accused of personal hostility.
A jackanapes, who measures off words into verse as a clerk
does tape—by the yard—hands him a parcel of stuff that j ins
gles like a handfulof rusty nails and a gimlet; and if the editor
IS not fool enough to print the nonsense—“stop my paper, I
Wont patronize a man that's no better judge of poetry, as if
it really were a loss to be regretted, the profits being so enor-
mous; and after paying four pence halfpenny for the sheet of
paper before it is printed on. together with the expeaes attend-
ing collecting and printing the contents of a newspaper, eels,
taiuly a Monstrous revenue exists oat of the seven pence, after
theie must-be-paid expeuses are liquidated!! One murmurs
because his paper is too literary—another because it is not
literary enough. One grumbles because the advertisements
engrois too much room—another complains that the paper is too
large, he can't find time to read it all. One wants the type so
small that a microscope would be indispensable in almost every
family. Another threatens to discontinue the paper unless the
letters are half an inch long. One old lady actually offered to
give an additional price-for a.paper that should be printed with
such type as are used for handbills. In fact every subsCriber
has a plan of his own for conducting a Journal, and the labour
of Sysiphus was recreation when compared with that of an
editor who undertakeoo-nlease .ti ..--Americou Paw, ._
'CONVERTS TO THE-Tlittili VAITH.—At the Molyneux Asylum
Chapel, Peter-street, in this city, seven persons renounced the
errors of popery, and embraced the reformed religion, on Sun-
day last. They are all of the better order of citizens—one of
them a medical gentleman, who, as we understand, intends
publishing his reasons' for the change. They are.in- a great
degree indebted to the Rev. Mr. Delaney, whose lectures, deli-
vered in Grafton-street, they have attended for some time past.
There are, we areinforined, five others, two of whom have been
• students, for the Romish priesthood, about to follow the example.
We regret to hear that Dr.Whately, archbishop of Dublin, has
N
refused to allow the lately converted priests, the Rev. Mr. Nolan
east the Rev. Mr. Delany, the privilege of preaching in any of
his churches. This, to us, appears like a wish on the part of
. his grace to discountenance proselytism from holy mother church
to the true religion of Christ.—Dublin Evening Packet.
SUPPRESSION OF MONASTERIES IN SPAlN.—Martinez de la
Rosa, on the 11th, in the Procuradores, said that by law every
couvent should number at reaSt twelve Monks, and as 890 con-
vents were found not to have so many, they would be suppressed.
The monastic population had much diminished, and it was better
to extinguish it gradually and legally than after any abrupt or
revolutionary fashion. •
When we-see the year in his prime and pride, decked with
beautiful hlessoms, and all goodly varieties of flowers, cheered
with the music of birds, and stated in a sweet and moderate
temper of heat and cold, bow glad we are that we have made so
good an exchange for a hard and chilling winter; and how
ready we could he to wish that this pleasure and happy season
might last all the year long. But herein (were our desires
satisfied) we should wish to our own disadvantage; for if the
spring were not followed with au intention of summer heat,
these fruits, whose hopes we see in the bud and flower, would
never come to any perfection, and even that succeeding fer-
vour, if it should continue long, would be no less prejudicial to
the health and life of all creatures; and if there were not a
relaxation of that vigorous heat in autumn, as the sap returns
hack into the root, we could never look to see but one year's
fruit.—Birhop Hall.
' The amount of damages assessed and paid by the Treasurer
of the West !tiding in reparation of the injury done to property
during the riots at the recent election for the borough of
Halifax is £3344. 7s. Gil. This sum will have to be paid, in
addition to their ordinary contributions to the county-rate, by
the inhabitants of the MorleY division of the wapentake of
Agbrigg and 11Iorley.
Let not the quietness of any man's temper, much less the
confidente he has in thy honesty and goodness, tempt thee to
contrive any mischief akainst I,im i for the more securely he
relies on thy virtue, and the leSs mistrust he has of any harm
from thee, the greater wickedness will it be to euteriain even
1 the, thought of doing him an its;Ury.Bishop Petrick..

Zbe Eiberpool "*'tanbarb.,

TUESDAY MORNING, APRIL 28, 1835.

The contests in Devonshire, Yorkshire, Manchester,
and other places, are, as far as these places are concerned,

A TRIAL OF FAITH.

That the members of the

Church of England constitute the majority of the elec-
tors of the country has been repeatedly and recently

proved by the decisions in favour of cherch-rates. In
no one instance—not even in Manchestetr—where the

question has been tried—have the enemies of the chore'
succeeded. This, therefore, is to us ample proof that
the majority of rate-payers, and, consequAly, the ma,
jority of electors, are attached to the church.
Now comes the trying point. The elections will de

cide whether those who support the Church of England
are at the same time disposed to support popery in Ire-
land. We have every reliance on the good sense of our
countrymen. They. know the scriptural adage—" you
cannot serve GOD and MAMMON"—you cannot treat that

as justifiable in Ireland which is criminal in England—.
you cannot reconcile fraud and fiction to truth—you can-
not take the bible for your guide here, and the mass-
book for your guide there--lou cannot cheat the AL-
MIGHTY by a pretended reverence for his holy oracles in
England, and by a real regard for mummery, wafers,
images, miraculous toe nails, impudent impositions, ly-

ing, and extortion in Ireland.
We rest our case.on this.. The consistency of our actions
is the test of our principles. The people of England are
too honest, too intelligent, and too religious to resort to
the beggarly vice and the popish subterfuge of mental

reservation—meaning one thing and doing another—en

couraging robbery on one side of the hedge, and de-
nouncing it on the other. No, we have a far better opi-
nion of them ; and we feel confident that, in a great
struggle like this, they will merge all minor and party
considerations, and come forward, " one and all," to vin-
dicate the faith once delivered to the saints, avenge the
insulted shrines of their fathers, drive the blood-stained
persecutors from their gate, and preserve untouched, un-
profaned, and uncontaminated, the pure word of GOD,
for the benefit of their children, and of generatitins yet

unborn. We mistake their character, their principles,
their love of country, and their sense of justice and true
religion, if they do not unite upon this fundamental ques-
tion, and teach the impostors of Ireland, and their-sla-
vish agents, the rump of the English whigs, that they
have trifled too long with their opinions, and drawn too

largely upon their forbearance.
Fora long and tiresome period it has been harped into
our ears that the protestants of England have been dis-
affected towards their church, and have cooled in their
admiration of the religious institutions founded at there-
formation. This doctrine has been taught by the advo-
cates of the Romish priests—by their hirelings of the
press—by the active agents of a revolutionary party—by
the herd of levelling dissenters, illiterate and extrava-
gant, desperate and unprincipled, who shout and howl
in tlreir conventicler against all religiouS establishments,
but who have no bond of union save in their fierce ha-
tred of the Church of England. They have contended
that the ministers of our blessed religion are overpaid—

that they are the oppressors of the poor—that they take
from the labourer a tithe of his industry, and that their
creed and their exactions are alike obnoxious to the great
mass of the people.
A more audacious falsehood—a more deliberate Ca-
lumny--a more atrocious insult—never was promulgated
by any set of men. The familiars of the Spanish inqui-
sition never lied or swore with more audacity.. From the
beginning to the end the representation is false. We
will take upon ourselves to prove that a large, a very
large majority of the people of England and Scotland
are sincerely attached to the venerable institutions of the
reformation, and that they hate popery with an undying
hatred—with that hatred which awakens all the powers
of wrath and scorn against an imposition practised upon
the common people by the priests of the Church of
Rome. If there be any feature in the character of an
Englishman more strongly developed than another, it is
that which condemns fraud, hypocrisy, and imposition—
which denounces double dealing—which execrates men-
tal reservation—which despises the shifts, artifices, and
the mean devices of priestcraft, and will not tolerate any
jugglery founded on tradition or pretended miracles, the
tricks of men, and not recognised by the canons of di,
vine revelation. There may be, and there are amongst
us many men who consider that the church requires the

pruning book of reform. We confess ourselves to be

of the number. But this reform is not demanded in con-
sequence of any error, or any mistake, or any malformation

in the institutions of the churcb. „Tle.necessitY-eof
tdriirbas its Origfi in the unguarded liberality of the..
church itself." Some of .its ministers are its worst ene-
mies. Those who live by the altar are those who, hav-
ing brought discredit upon their mother, are the readiest
to defame her. Her pulpits in many instances are occu-
pied by men who, like vipers, sting the boSom which has
nourished them, and would make infamous and bankrupt
the charitable benefactress Who has fed them. Alas, it is
true ! and we confess it with deep sorrow, that the great-
est enemies of the Church of England are some of its
anointed pastors—men of feeble intellect—who mingle
in socinian society—vain creatures who overrate their
own talents—who deem themselves worthy of a higher
place than that which they occupy—whom spleen has
made venomous and even libellous—who, in the narrow-
ness of their malignity, assail the very staff of life upon
which they feed, and circulate calumnies against the in-
stitutions of religion, under which they flourish, and but
for which they would never have reached a higher eleva-
tion than that of secular priests, remarkably indolent,
wonderfully loquacious, but esteemed as shining lights
only in aba:ptist, independent, or unitarian meeting-house
—a house built like that of the Scotch baptists in Hunter-
street, over a most convenient gin shop.
We have too many such ministers of. the church of
England. They are to be found in every town in
England. They draw milk from their mother and
pronounce it sour. 'They would be rectors, deans,
archdeacons, bishops, (poor creatures, God help them !)
and because they are not—because the world pronounces
them to be incompetent—because they are not promoted
to the rank in the church to which they imagine they are
entitled, but to which their works prove them to have
no claim—they spirt their venom upon her institutions,
and declare her, aye, even from the pulpit, to be corrupt
and defective in the whole of her ecclesiastical regime.

If we were disposed we could prostrate some of these
men in the dust in five minutes, and they know we can
do it ; but we. have more charity than they, unhappily
for themselves, ever show to others. The time may

APRIL 48, 1S&

last, in which will be found an awful exposurq 4f the
•
march and increase of infidelity and atheism in tile
United States. The details are of the most startling
nature, and but for the respectability of the magazine
et
which we find them we should have hesitated to prese-
them as facts before our readers. For the sake of tilt!),
however, we now give them to this part of the Orld.
America has no national church ; the doctrines of 469-
t
tianity are left to work their own way; the presider is
mitl I
not, like a king, the " nursing father" of the gospel, I
alas! we see the pernicious results. Reader, think and
judge for yourself—here they are.
In the city of New York there are three large societieolf
which, for want of a better name, we shall call congregatilei
professed infidels ; some of their papers have said thatc,4,,
numbered twenty thousand adherents. At Wilmington, no-
ware, is another regularly organised congregation; there re,
several of more or less notoriety in the west, one in Provides
R. 1., and one in Briton.
Besides these regularly organised societies, it is well lul,ll.
that professed infidels exist- in large numbers, in all the e 0
siderable towns in the west. Dr. Cooper states that half of `„,
male inhabitants of South Carolina are infidels; and the Ilse
lation of the valley of the Mississippi may be set down as,ua
infidel. We have only to look carefully near home, au",,..
shall be surprised at their existence where we had aot 'pgr,
petted; Satan is no longer scared by sound of church be. of
nor is industry a safeguard against the insidious approach es,r
the tempter; for it is stated that more than three hundrei!'„
fidels are to be found among the inhabitants of Lowell. I„,ne'ej
are very obvious reasons why they have not openly byr'',-a
themselves into a society; but they will inevitably sue
in shaking the faith of a majority of the operatives there, ug.-,el
attention is given to the subject the guardians of morels -04
religion ; for they so address themselves to the passiols'eeue
pander the appetites of the young, as to be certain of gal-
their ear. • thers
' In all the different towns in the country it will be found
are several men of idle habits and loose morals, who have.ee
chance or wish for success in any fixed and honest calliolehleb
who are ever ready for the introduction of anything by w cite
they may gain distinction and profit. Distinction tiers d,
is Better than none; and as they are generally of a eouluesi-
cativo turn, in every body's shop, and about every bodies kei,.
ness in the village, they make excellent distributors a ate J,
tical and agrarian principles. Now it will be found that Sae`
men receive the infidel papers, and from such beginnings h
small parties or societies been 'formed. a
Attempts are now making to affiliate these societies; su.e.
spirit is breathed through the whole by means of the estabip_i
ment of newspapers, and the dissemination of infidel tracts t,
books. The Boston Investigator Strikes off two thousand minded":a
sions weekly, which are eagerly taken up, read, and han.
from one to another. The Free Inquirer of New York issu,
00
also about two thousand: the Comet has an extensive circ
coo,
time and the atheistical paper at Wilmington, Delaware, 6'o,
lates about one thousand copies. These are the principal utters
papers that are professedly atheistical; but how many °wee
arc there which neglect no opportunity of giving a sideaaY
at christianity ?
Besides these, there are immense editions of atheistical Wore:printed at the various infidel presses, and sold dog cheap,
they are stereotyped, and in some instances great pains
been taken to distribute them gratuitously over the countr7"ers
In these works no hesitation is made about sapping the'veie-
foundations of society, and sowing discord among the Or'
classes to get rid of them. They are the wicked instrumealsoi.
oppression, and they must be annulled or we are a ruined p
pie.
The writer alludes to the gradual formation of atheists,l_ns;
dels, and agrarians, into a party ; which has already 11,
done to a certain degree—and will be done more perfeetlysrl,l
organization of congregations, several of which are regui her
established, and proceed with all the order and system of . e
societies. The nature of the services in these congregati°o,
thus explained in an account of the public services in the'
gregation of free inquirers in this city. over
The old Federal-street Theatre has been prepared, an
dicated as a Temple of Reason :—the pit has been flooredlio
on a level with the stage; in the centre is a pulpit, and lu
eies
rear of this, flanking it on both sides, and extending. 36C't1-04
the stage, are the seats for the singers. The pulpit is" h
with black; on the front are inscribed, in Greek charste
'KNOW 'THYSELF;' and on the drapery over bead is inscri
in flaming letters,
Ha THAT WILL NOT REASON, IS A BIGOT;
HE THAT CANNOT REASON, IS AN IDIOT; •
HE THAT DARES NOT REASON, IS A SLAVE.' for
On the Sabbath, as if in mockery of those who assembles° a
christian worship, the doors of this temple are thrown opelliieu, to,l
the congregation begins to collect ; the boxes are occupsoe
marked as private pews; the seats in the pit fill up protoLoe
ously with men and women, and when the church bells
tolling, the services
ministersommence. eoe'
First the rises, and invites the attention of the ibs
gregation to the singing of a hymn, which be reads,--saLms
97th hymn. The music strikes up a waltz, perhaps, or
quick tune—the singers rise, and sing as follows :
Gather your roses while you may,
Old time is ever flying ; •
And that same flower which shines to-day,
To-morrow may be dying.
Wisely improve the present hour,
Be innocently merry;
Slight not the pleasures in your power,
Which will not, cannot tarry.
Let virtue ever be your guide,
While merged in fleeting pleasure ;
All other Objects else beside
Can prove no lasting treasure.
Though time must fly, though flowers must fade,
And pleasure prove uncertain,
In pleasure's path we'll ever tread,
1 ill death shall draw the curtain. f bif
After this the minister rises, awl invites the attention of
flock to the reading of a portion of the Bible of Reason-
+a
• • • r
After reading this portion of their scriptures, the tu'ueeef
gives out another hymn, or song—for their hymn book coop
both, and the singers strike up, perhaps, the 124th song,
runs thus : •

Away with melancholy,
Nor doleful changes ring
On life and human folly,
But merrily, merrily sing, so gay, &C. the
After this -the minister rises and commences his sern2o2,ll rce
nature of which may be imagined from the nature of the ectiss
of the texts. The general tenor is to ridicule the chrl6oB,
religion, to persuade the congregation that there is ofices
no future state, and no soul; in short, to preach the doci•tv
of the French infidels, but not with the dazzling ingetT' fair
a Voltaire, or the subtle logic of the encyclopedist; not uYtioe,
argument and from established premises, but by bold asser
impudent assumption, unblushing falsehood, coarse ridicule,
profane jests.
wel
iU
But we leave the doctrines to future description. dear
here mention a proof of the confidence with which the i,ll'"air
look to the prevalence of their doctrines, that in one Of ',:;9 poi
courses we heard Mr. Kneeland exhorting his congreg,36,4-0603
to resort to force in case he should be imprisoned; 'of
upon it," says he, " it will hurt the cause; besides, rI am
cause a struggle in which I may be killed; and although bile;
not afraid to die, I don't want to die by violence, nor yet a'catg•
I hope to live some twenty. or thirty years, and die peoce:bicb
I know," says he, " there is a spirit abroad in the country "),01'
cries out for resistance to tyranny; but, my brethreo,'l„tr!,i
quiet awhile; strive to spread knowledge through the 0,. 1)
depend upon it it will do us the most good; and, by thee hie,
the struggle must come, and blood be shed, take ye la
for securing the victory to the right." otirle;
After the sermon comes another hymn, and then the c°
cation is dismissed with the announcement that-" the 1"
ball will be held in this place on Wednesday evening.

APRIL' 2S, 18:35.

MANCHESTER' ELECTION

Yesterday thO nomination of the two candidates for the repre-
sentation of Manchester, Benjamin Braidley Esq. and Charles
Powlett Thomson Esq., took place in St. Anu's-square. A
"comiiabdious hustings, hich was erected fur the purpose, was
'filled by the distinguished friends of both candidates. At nine
o'clock the baroughreeve and constables (the returning officers
for the bormigh) opened the proceedings of the election with
the usual formalities.
_ _

Mr. B. HISY,WOOD then came forward to propose Mr. Thom-
son. He said it was little more than three months since he bad
the pleaiure of appearing before them to propose his honourable
"friend Mr. -Thomson; and since they had placed him trium-
phantly at the head of the poll, he was not then without a hope
that 'no long trine would elapse before Mr. Thomson would
come before them again to solicit a renewal of their confidence.
(Cheers and hisses.) That period had arrived, and that admi-
nistration, which three months ago •had been dismissed, 'had
happily been restored. (Hisses, cheers, and laughter.) Mr.
Thomson had been again called to the office which his talents
so' well entitled him to hold (cheers), and it was for the elec-
tors to give their sanction to the acceptance of that office. He
hoped they Would not only do that, but-they would, by placing
him at the had of the poll; show how heartily that vast commu-
nity welcomed-his return to power. (Cheers and-hisses.) That
they would show to the country that their confidence was in
-man who all their lives, through evil' report add good report,
had stuck to their text, and not-in men who were reformers of
lestetdayH-men Who had spent the grea,er part of their lives
en opposing all reform. (Oh, oh.) Mr. Thomson -stood before
them without a rival, and-of his fitness to serve them he should
not waste words in remarking, as it had been fully explained
and appreciated so recently; -and of his public services he
should not trouble- thena•with "a repetition, for many of them
knew what he had done for them. (A. voice in the crowd,
" What has he done ?") He trusted they would bear in mind
that he was then in office, and would he much more able to
carry into effect those principles which he had so long advo-
tatea,-and by the adoption of which no portion of the commu-
nity would be benefited snore than themselves. (Cheers.) Mr.
Heywood concluded with requesting them to bear that in mind
and return Mr. Thomson by an overwhelming majority. (Ap-
plairses and hi sses.)
' Mr. R. H. GREGG seconded the nomination. 'He was aware
that comparisons were odious, but at the same time in com-
paring the qualifications of the two candidates he drew an in=
Terence in favour of Mr. Poulett Thomson. He knew little of
the pretensions of Mr. Braidley. to represent the commercial
interests of such an important town as Manchester, excepting
front-the tenor of his addresses put forth,' which appear in-
tended to catch at popularity and entice the votes of the electors.
At the.last'etection-Me. Braidley came forward, recommended
sic the settler of the tithe cause in !Manchester, but without wish-
•tn tin ittket-fritia Matt ge u dein ars' any . Credit hfc h- might" lie his
due, he conSideisil that other per Sans eoulti have been men-
tionethitio- equally zealous and active in settling that
question... His (Mr. Gredg's) father and himself were members
.ss
of the committee appointed to oppose the unreasonable claims
Of 'the Wardens and Fellows of 'Manchester,' and that Corn-
dirittee cost his father upwards of £4oooin subscriptions--(" Oh,
oh !")—and yet Mr. Braidley was mentioned ashaving done all
this.' He 'considered that Mr. Poi-ilea Thinnson's opinions on
nommerciat policy were such as to do honour to the 'town 'of
Manchester in particular. He would not overrate the services
the hon. gentleman had rendered to the town, as they were so
well known. - His pretension's were far superior to Mr. Braid-
. ley's, and being now placed in the situation of a minister of
the crown he possessed the power to serve them. (Hear,
hear.) Strange, however, to say that with some of the
electors this advantage was considered a fault—and niany had
said that they liked Mr. Thonison very well, but would, not
vote for him because he was a minister of the crown. This was
As much as to say that they were glad Mr. Thomson knew how
to serve their interests, but sorry he had the means. if it were
necessary that'Manchester should have a representative, surely
it was doubly desirable that that member should have a voice in
the cabinet. (Hear.) He had no doubt 'allusion would be
made to the votes Mr. Thomson had thought proper to give on
various questions in the house, and some of them might not be
-consonant with the opinions of many of the electors. That
upon the Irish 'church question was One, and as that was an im-
portant matter, he should leave it to Mr. Thomson, who probably
would wish to say something on the subject. There was one
-subject cOnneeted. with 'the present contest to which he would
allude. •He had seen placards on the walls stating that Mr.
,O'Connell had written to the catholic priests in Manchester re-
commending, the pretensions of Mr. Poulett Thomson; and for
that notable reason Mr. ThoMson was to have the support of all
the catholiCa. He knew not whether the allegation was true or
false. (Cries of `` It's true, he has written.") But he did
know that catholic priests had as 'muds right to interfere in
nlections as protestant parsons on the side of injustice and in-
tolerance. lhe intolerance of the tory and high church party
had caused the catholics to seek emancipation from bondage,
and to do this it was necessary to have a determined man as
their leader, such a man they had found in O'Connell. It was
through the bigotry of the high church'party that O'Connell
rose; and, he (Mr. Gregg) believed, that when he kicked
away the ladder which elevated him he was conferring a
benefit ow his country. The only way to obtain a cessation of
.agitation was to do justice to Irelanu, and lemove abuses by
putting the sword of justice into the hand of charity. All pro-
aestant dissenters were called upon not to vote for Mr. Thom-
son; they were called upon to beware. Now, he was a pro-
testant dissenter, and he would say beware of the protestant
and not of the catholic church. Having related two marvellous
.instances of intolerance on the Part of a minister of the protes-
tant church to the gaping multitude, Mr. Gregg concluded by
-strongly recommending Mr. 'Thomsen as the most tit and pro-
per person to become their representative.
Mr. GARDNER then advanced to the front of the hustings to
-propose Mr. Braidley, and was' received with loud applause by
the more respectable portion-of the assemblage, and groans and
hisses from Mr. Thomson's party. -It was with some difficulty
that the boroughreeve could obtain him a hearing. At length
he observed that be should only address them a very short time,
and therefoie he hOPed they would listen to what be had to say.
It gave him great pleastire to have the opportunity of again
proposing his him friend Mr. Braidley. (Interruption from
Mr. Thomson's friends, and cries of "Tory.") He had no
doubt his distinguished services to the town of Manchester bad
keen highly appreciated bfe very unprejudiced mind, and; -as
far as he Wad been tried as a.public man, he bad given unpa-
ralleled satisfaction.. (Hear, hear, and interruption from the
whigs.") He was known amongst them as an honest, straight-
forward, moral, as well as religious character. (Disapprobation
from the whigs, reiterated by loud and continued cheering from
Mr. Braidley's friends. The interraptian continued for some
• 'minutes.) On its ceasing in sorhe jneasure' Mr. Gardner said,
if they had been quiet, he should have finished his observations
before then. He repeated that Mr. Braidley was not ashamed
of avowing his religious principles; and he would assert, that it
:was of vast impel-twice that the individual who was sent to ye-
present that town should possess' a moral as well as religious
-.character. (Hear, hean) It' was frequently. asked what had
he to do with a man's moral or religious principles ;—what had
he, as an elector, to do with the- religious .professions of the
candidates ? (Uproar.) Surely, if it was necessary to MI/esti-
' gate the character of a servant" before admitting him into their
service, it waeof exceedingly triore—of 'vast importance to in-
vestigate the religious opinions of a candidate aspiring to the
honour of a representatiVe. ( Hear, hear, and uproar from the
friends of Mi. Thomson.) Mr. Braidley had -devoted a great
portion of his time and been at vast expense to procure for the
poor a religious and moral education. (Confusion.) If that
' was considered of vital importance, how much more important
was it that the representatives of the people should be men of
the highest integrity. (Hear, hear, and considerable confusion
-from the friends of Mr. Thomson.) When the worthy speaker
-could be heard, he said it appeared to him that they were afraid of
hearing the truth, and, therefore, he should conclude by nomi-,
netting Mr. Braidley as a fit and proper person to represent
them in parliameut. (Applause.)
Mr. WILLIAM HAYNks, in coining forward to second the
nomination of Mr. Braidley, was received with warm applause.
' He thanked them cordially for the kind reception they had
' given him, (mr.n.,)'but should not trespass longer on their
patience than merely to second the nomination of his worthy
friend Mr. Braidley; (Cheers.) Had he the powerof express-
ing sufficiently the high opinion he entertained of Mr. Braidley's
qualifications, he should have been happy. As it was, he should
leave them to speak for themselves, and concluded with express-
ing a hope that he should see him placed in the situation of
their representative. (Cheers.)
• The Right Hod. C. P. Thomsolv then presented himself, and
was received with mingled cheers and lusses. After thanking
thern for the kind reception given hire this morning, and for the
honour conferred upon him in electing him as their representa-
. tive three inonths before, Which he conceived to be the greatest
honour which he could receive, and which was the greatest
mark of confidence-they could bestow upon any individual, the
'right hon. gentlenian proceeded to. say that. the events .of that
three short months were before tl?enr, and it was for himself, no
longer their representative, but hoping to become so, (cheers,)
to justify his acts during that period, and the manner in which
he had discharged the important trusts' confided to him. He
had listened with the utmost attention to what had fallen from
the proposer and seconder of hie hod. opponent, in the hope that
he might have heard 'some charge brought against him, some
reasons adduced after baying so recently, had the honour
of being elected their representative, when the sense of this
great constituency had 'been so receittly declared in his favour,.
that the confidence so placed in hith stiould be withdrawn from
him; and he had expected to hava heard good reasons adduced
whyshe was unfit again to Obtain that confidence. But it was
easier to attack a candidate 4auouyxnous placards than it was
to bring charges forward dtann a hustings- .-much easier to use
the weairtins of slander than of open discussion • charges so
brought were less open to denial, if they had been honour-
ably brought out they would haVe'been as boldly repelled as they
had been badelf falsified.' (Cheers.) Althiouish on this day he
had -heard no charges brought against him, he had seen him-
self and those who acted with hon accused of factious conduct.
Was it factious in the House of commons to decide that they
would have at the head of their 'body a reformer—one who is
well known and tried, instead of one anknonia as a reformer?
Was it faction in the representatives of, the people to say that
they were not satisfied with the
_measures indicated by what
ministers had put into the King's mouth? Was it faction in
.them to determine to address his majesty to carry out more ef-
fectually measures of reform than his ministers seemed disposed
to do—to bring more fully to bear those principles for which
they had always contended? (Cheers.) Was it faction to say
that it was unnecessary to dissolve thit parliament which had
been, and was engaged in considering very important mea-
sures ? Was it faction in them to address the . King to be
'pleased to afford the means whereby the children of those who
dissented from the church of England should be on equal terms
as to degrees in law and medicine with those who held the
tenets of the church of England? When the towns of Oxford
and Cambridge, which are clothed -by what he should always
consider bigotry and intolerance, could grant these privileges
to members attest church of England; was it faction to pray the
King that the University of London should have the power of
conferring upon those who did not agree with the doctrines of
the church of England those honours which,-at the other uni-
versities, were denied them? (Cheers.) Was it faction to
institute an inquiry into the conduct of a public officer charged
with serious offences, whether justly or not he' should not now
stop to inquire ;—was it faction, he said, that the House of
-Commons should institute an inquiry into the conduct of a pub-
lic officer who was charged with using the influence of his office
to prejudice the election of a candidate for the representation
of a town in parliament? Was it faction to insist when vain
attempts were making to collect tithe property in Ireland, and
when a million of money had been voted to the clergy in conse-
quence of the inability to collect:that property ;—was it faction,
ho repeated, that the claims of the clergy should be looked into,
and what was prejudicial to their interests first removed, (oh!
oh !) and the surplus revenues of the church; if there were
any surplus, should he diverted from where it was not needed
and givers for the moral and religious education of all classes?
(Cheers, and much groaning.) If all these were faction, then
he pleaded guilty to the charge, (much hissing) but he confi-
dently appealed to the great body of the country, without any
fear as to their verdict, whether the acts of the opposition tO the
late ministry;-Lean opposition in which he bad the honour to
bear a part, so far from being factious and improper, were not
constitutional, and- calculated to -serve the best interests of the
country? (No, no.) To his constituents lie appealed, and told
them that he-looked upon the small share which he had taken in
the acts of that opponit the' best redemption of his former
pleclgcS,' and'ihe.best'nfier he CMild make of his conduct for the

wttn.noa,4

future. (Cheers,) The result of the events to which he had
lalluded was, that he now stood before them again to solicit to
have conferred upon him the high honour of representing them
. in the House of Commons. (Hisses.) His worthy friend who
had done him The honour to second. his nomination, had told,
them that the principle upon which a member of parliament on
accepting an office in the ministry, was again compelled to ask
the suffrages of his constituents was not a desirable rule. Into
the abstruse proposition of this question he was not about to
enter, but his friend would perhaps allow him to say that in his
own. case he differed from him. He was greatly rejoiced in-
deed at an event that once more brought him before his consti-
tuents,—an event that by making him a minister of the crown,
brought him to ask whether his past conduct was such as to
merit the approval of so large a constituency as he had had the
honour to represent. (Cheers, and cries of" no.") There was
a time indeed,—a time which his friends on the right so
much lauded,7—the good old times of tory rule,—the time
when toryism .triumphed in all its glory,—there was a time, he
repeated, before the passing of the reform bill, which his friends on
the right had opposed with all their miojit and main, and which
they declared to be so wonderful a work that human ingenuity
could not produce its equal,—in these very times, he said, a
minister of the crown did not appear before a large constitu-
ency like that he (Mr. Thomson) now saw before hiin,—no, the
portals of Gatton and Old Sarum opened wider to receive the
man who vacated his seat by accepting.office. (Cheers.) Then,
indeed, there ,vas no need that the constituency should approve
of the conduct of their.representative,—then, indeed, there was
no need of that confidence which should exist between the con.
stituency and the member; but it was now different, and he
hailed the day and the event which had sent him to appeal to
them for an approval of his conduct, (Cheers.) Such appeals
were a necessary benefit, alike to the representative and the re-
presented ; they were good for the country, good for the consti-
tuency. A minister of the crown, however, stood upon a dif-
ferent footing to a private member as regarded his political
opinions and votes, for he Must not only look to the prospective
end, but to the immediate result of his vote, and to achieve
great good and carry out great peinciples it was some-
times necessary to unite opposite materials, and frequent-
ly by partial individual sacrifices of opinon, arrive sooner at
the end wished for. He had hoped then to have heard
grounds adduced why he should now be considered un-
worthy of their confidence, why the peace of the town should
be disturbed by the present opposition—(hisses)s-and why this
town should not be like Nottingham and Edinburgh, places
where he was sure the reform spirit did not exist to a greater
degree than it did in Manchester, and why here in particular
they were to find themselves disturbed in the re-election of their
member. (Cheers and hisses.) He had hoped indeed to have
heard it said in what way he had deserved to forfeit the confi7
dente of his constituents, but he had heard nothing but vague
charges, to which °he hoped he had sufficiently replied.. But
though hehad heard nothing to-day, he had heard that charges
were made against him.. He had heard it said that he and those
who..acted with hiiif untended to subvert religion, 'to attack the
establishment ,ofsthe, church,—that we were willies to the'
church and to the state,—that we were the friends of -confusion,
and the eucnnea"Of order. Was it •confusion that gave the'
repeal of the.. test :and corporation acts, (cheers ) against.
which these self-named friends of order were always opposed ?
Was it confusion that gave to so large a portion of the people,
the Roman catholics, a share of their civil rights—tewhich the
friends of order were always opposed? (Cheers and hisses.)
Was it confusion to give to. Manchester the right to send two
members to parliament ? And this the friends of Ordet opposed,
for they opposed.the reform bill. Was it confusion to remove
the degrading bonds of slavery from the 800,000 of our fellOW-
creatures who were labouring under the galling yoke ? And
did not the friends of order oppose this ? So much for the
past,;---and now for the future. Will it be confusion to do away
with that most rotten of all rotten systems, the corporation
system ? (Cheers.) Will it be confusion to restore peace to
unhappy Ireland:--at one and the same time to give her peace
and secure to the church a full and sufficient provision for all
the wants of the clergy: removing, however, all the abuses of
the church, and applying. her surplus revenues to the moral and
religious education of all classes of subjects—wOuld this be Con-
fusion, he would ask ? He (Mr. Thomson) did not know
whether the gentlemen on his right had been the Opponents of
the system of education introduced into Ireland by the Right
Hon. Lord Stanley; but if they had been they were only in
agreement with a great many others of their patty who did op-
pose it with all their power, who were now strong supporters of it.
Having adverted to the intention of appropriation of the sur-
plus funds, be would now allude to the principle on Which that
surplus was to be determined. It was determined to leave to
the church of Ireland, in every town and village. where protes-
tants are to be foetid, ample means for the proper performance
of divine service and religious instruction. He (Mr. Thomson)
was a sincere member of the church of England, (hisses) but
that did not blind him to the abuses of that church in Ireland.
What could be thought of the state of the church in'lreland
where there were whole parishes without a single protestant in
it ? When there were parishes, some containing only five, some
ten, and sotue fifteen protestrints,—parishes'whete there was no
place of worships—where there was no are of souls, or where
the clergyman -had no souls to cure,—(hisses.)—where the ex,
istence of the church of England was unknown, save from the
visits of the tithe proctor. (Cheers and hisses.) He would ask
any man whether it was expected that peace could reign in
Ireland while:Such a sore as this was suffeted to fester in it?
They (the ministry) ask tbis.questiou, and then ask, instead of
permitting the existence of these sinecure incumbencies, to be
allowed to devote these funds to what they believed to be inec-
cordance with those truths which' they were taught bi the sa-
cred volume,—to promote peace on earth, and good-will to man,
by the diffusion of moral and religions instruction amongst all
classes of people. (Cheers, and cries of " Hypocrite.") And
•he would to God that those who bad so much the words of
charity in their mouths (hisses, and cries of " Widow Bailey,")
would act more up to that principle. Theie was another point
of view in which to look at this subject,—the property. about
which all this argument was raised had for years been in jeo-
pardy; attempts after attempts had been made, and made in
vain, to collect in those revenues by means of horse, foot, and
dragoons; note, the mode the present ministry meant to adopt
was one (in-the efficacy and success of which he, as an indivi-
dual, fully belieyed,) that would have a tendency to convince
the people of Ireland that it was their duty to submit to that
which was tneant for theit general benefit rather than support
those who refused payment of what was lawfultydue from them
in order to put it into their own pockets. He hiiil dwelt rather
long upon this topic because it was a subject of great importance:
(Cries of " GO on," but the hon. gentleman did not respond to
the 'call.) He. would now say a tew words as to the ground on
which he Stood, and nn which his re.election was opposed. He
would make nit promises, give no pledges, hut was determined
'to carry out tlone principles which had pervaded his political
'.life;—he would tell them that he would not have joined the
`present ministry, and would riot have been here to solicit their
• votes but that he believed they could and would promote the
great cause of civil and religious liberty, and that they were
determined to give to the country that municipal reform the
subject of which the tories would not allow to coins into the
the king's speech. (Cheers and hisses.) .By the bye lie might
perhaps be told by bis friends on the right that they were not
tories, that they 'were conservatives;true it was they were en-
deavouring to make it appear that, they were not tories, by
holding out clap traps on certain popular subjects, for the pur-
pose of catching a few stray votes. He saw on one of their
placards that the subject of the repeal of the- malt-tax was put
forward. Why that stratagem was resorted to by the tories at
the late election, during the ministry of Sir *Robert Peel, and
what was the result? He hoped they. would riot be deluded by
any such clap=traps. What. was the conduct of these men in
parliament ? They who had carried their election by this very
means, voted with' ministers who opposed the malt-tax, and
threw to the winds the promises to their constituents. (Cheers
and hisses:) Ho (Mr. Thomson) was quite sure that there
was not one of his constituents who could be gulled by this
stale trick. He knew that there were many of those who stood
below him who differed with him on many points,—he did not
allude to the .tories;; no indeed, he was happy that he did
, differ with thein (cries of " Hear, hear,'.' from the toties),—,
he alluded to those who carried their views on liberal sub-
jects' • much- further -than he . did. . It was with a- view of
uniting these.two extremes that these sort of clap-traps were,
pat forth; it. was like throwing a little grain of sugar into a
large- glass full nt vinegar to induce them to gulp down the
draught of toryism. (Laughter.) But he believed ,that this,
would not answer die end in view •
thre was not one of the
party he hadualned who would allow'himself to be so deluded
out of his vote,, but whether or no he (Mr. Thomson) woad-
truckle to no man; he proclaimedlo them all honestly and can-
didly that he would not truckle for their votes; he Offered theM
the past as it guarantee for his, future conduct, and on that he
confidently relied: (Cheers and much groaning.) He had now
done, and 'he was sorry he had detained them so long; he would
just observe, in conclusion, that he asked them to elect him not.
for his own sake but for the sake of that common principle
which he and his colleagues professed—he asked them to place
those principles triumphantly on the records of this town—he
asked them to put those principles in his hands, add show.to the
millions-of England that in Manchester there were no back-
sliders, that her patriotism and love of reform burned as an.:
dently as ever. (Cheers and groans.) As the instrument of
that triumph he should be proud to thank them, but he should
rejoice in it far more for the moral effect it would produce from
one end of the country to the other, for the strength it would
give to reform, and that he was made the humble means of
working out those principles. (The right hon. gentleman re-
tired amidst mingled cheers and hisses.)
.1
Mr. WROE; a radical bookseller, then came forward in front
of the hustings-to ask Mr. Thomson a few questions, but it was
some time before be could be heard. The Boroughreeve claimed
for him a hearing.' It was with • great difficulty that even he
could obtain silence•(or Mr. Wroe. 'When partial silence had
'been obtained, tie ,asked Air:Thomson whether he approved
the yeetry act, :which gave six votes to a poison With had'
.'pro
pert). worth £l5O, and only one to a person assessed at £9O ?
Mr. Thomson'tf answer was not heard, in consequence of„the
elamcutr of his fl lends, but Mr. Wroe announced to the crowd
that the hon. candidate would gitie no pledge.
Mr. Wriou.—Do you approve of that clause in the new poor
law amendment bill, as it is called, by whicli'a person who can-
not pay his rateeis deprived of five votes, and which gave them
to the landlord; making nine in all?
Mr. Thomson gave the same answer.
Mr. Wata..—Do you approve of the members of the House
of Peers voting by proxy ?
THosiscA,—lf any bill is brought in upon that subject, I
Shall then be willing to declare my opinions; but what the
honourable gentleman, I mean the worthy elector, asks now is
a pledge, and I have distinctly stated thatl will give no pledges.
.Witos....—Dc.you think tlie owner of property, though he
may reside in-Russia, should have an opportunity, under the
vestry act, of voting by proxy?
Mr. l'uomsois.—l will give no pledges.
Mr. Waoa.—Do you approve of that clause in the poor law
bill, by which,a poor woman is made to labour to support her
illegitimate child, whilst the more guilty father is allowed to go
scot free to seduce other girls?
Mr. THOMS.ON.—The last law was a disgrace to any legisla-
ture, and I approve entirely of the alter atiou.
Mr. Waor..—Do you approve of another clause which grants
that should a 'young man become poor, and be taken to a work-
house with his wife and child, he shall be separated from them.
This is in your bill, and a precious document it is—none but a
whig would have thought of such an infamous enactment?
Mr. o siSON.—I again say I approve of the Lill as a general
measure. I think it has done great good, but if a bill is brought
in to alter any particular clause, it shall have my best attention.
Mr. Wiwi; any
the croad.)—l only want aye or 1111 from the
hon. gentleman, and lie will not give it ins.
Mr. Wiiox.—Will von vote for a hilt to shorten the hours of
n
labour for children ifactories, and also to put a restriction on
the moving power?
Mr. Ttiostscs.—l will give any bill on the subject my best
consideration, but will give no pledge. •
Mr. Wnotc.-•Will you support a measure to take Totes at
election by ballot?
Mr. THOMSON.—I will give my attention to that subjectshould
any bill be brought forward, and shall be guided in time vote I
five entirely by the circumstances under which it is brought
forward, and the spirit of the times.
Mr. Waoa.—W ill you vote for the repeal of the malt tax, by
which a poor man pays about 200, per cent. duty on his beer,
whilst his rich neighbour pays about two per cent.?- (Cheers.)
Mr. TuostioN.—l should be very happy to vote for the re-
Scal of either that or any other tax, but as iny noble friend Lord
pencer could not, when he.was Chancellor of the Exchequer,
spare the nomey, so I think if cannot be spared now. (Hisses
and groans.)
