NATIONAL EDUCATION.

O for the coming of that glorious time
When, prizing knowledge as her noblest wealth.
And best protection, this imperial rutin,
While she exacts allegiance, shall admit
An obligation, on her part, to teach
Them who are poor to serve her and obey ;
Binding herself by statute, to secure
For all the children whom her soil maintains
The rudiments of letters, and inform
The mind with moral and religious truth,
Both understood and practised—so that none,
However destitute, be left to droop
By timely culture unsustained ; or run
Into a wild disorder ; or be forced
To drudge through a weary life without the help
Of intsHectual implements and toile ;
A savage horde among the civilised,
A servile band among the lordly free
This sacred right, the lisping babe proclaims
To be inherent in him, by Heaven's will,
For the protection of his innocence;
And the rude boy, who, having overpast
The sinless age, by conscience is enrolled,
Yet mutinously knits his angry brow,
And-lifts his wilfal hand, on mischief bent,
Or turns his godlike faculty of speech
To impious use—by process indirect '
Declares his due, while he makes known his need.
This sacred right is fruitlessly announced,
`This universal plea in vain addressed,
To eyes and ears of parents, who themselves
Did, in the time of their necessity,
Urge it in vain ; and, therefore, like a prayer
That from the humblest door ascends to heaven,
It mounts to reach the state's parental ear;
Who, if irrdeed....she own a mother'. heart, •
And he not woe, aufgatingly devoid
. Of gratitude to Yreviitence, will grant
• The unquestionable woo4l—which, England, safe
From iaterferenen of exharnel force,
May grant at leisure; without risk ineurred
That whet in wisdom for herself she (loth,
Othess shall e'er be able to undo.
• Look_! and behold, from Calpe's sun-burnt cliffs
• To the tilt margin of the Baltic Sea,
Long-reverenced titlescast sway- as weeds ;
Laws ovorturaed ;...and territory split,
• Like fields of lee rent by the polar wind,
And forced to join in lees obnoxious shapes,
That, ere they gain consistence, by a gust
Of the alum breath are shattered and destroyed.
Meantime the sovereignty of these fair isles
Remains entire and indivisible ;
And, if that ignorance were removed, which breeds
Within the compass of their several shores
Dark discontent, or loud commotion, each
Might still preserve the beautiful repose
Of heavenly bodies shining in their spheres !
The discipline of slavery is unknown
Among us—hence the more do we require
The discipline of virtue; order else
Cannot subsist, nor confidence, nor peace.
Thus, duties rising out of good possest,
And prudent caution needful to avert
Impending evil, equally require
That the whole people should be taught and trainad.
So shall licentiousness and black resolve
Be rooted out, and virtuous habits take
Their place; and genuine piety descend,
Like an inheritance, from age to age !
—tfordsworth's Excursion, Book IX. (published in 1614.
