IMMIGRATION INTO BRITISH GUIANA.

(From the Guiana Chronicle of Oct. 7.)
Differences of opinion may exist as to many measures af-
fecting this colony, but on one point all parties are agreed,
that the colony stands in need of a great addition to its agri-
cultural labourers. Of great extent and boundless fertility,
LABOUR alone is required to make it productive of immense
wealth to those who are proprietors of the soil, and of con-
sequent importance to the mother-country. How this sup-
ply of labour is now to be obtained, is the next consideration.
India, Africa, and the islands seem the best sources from
which a supply can be procured.
A direct prohibition exists with regard to Hindostan and
Africa. Whether the reasons which have operated on the
minds of her Majesty's ministers be good or bad, our busi-
ness is to remove the impediment thrown by them in the
way of immigration.
We shall not allude to Africa, because we believe that in
the. present state of the slave trade, and of the public feeling
on the subject, it is useless to expect that a supply of labour,
under any circumstances, will be permitted from that quar-
ter of the globe.
With the prohibition on the natives of India emigrating,
we have cause to quarrel on every ground.
•It is puerile to give the case of Belle Vue. Fanaticism and
folly may seize on one case, but it is ridiculous to imagine
that this solitary exception to their general good treatment,
could justify a rule of such a nature as the order given to the
governor-general to interfere with their departure from their
native shores. 'Whatever cause has operated to produce so
disastrous a result, their is no doubt, that a measure more
opposed to political economy and to justice, scarcely ever had
the sanction of the Colonial Secretary of State.—At this pe-
riod it is indeed strange that we are obliged to contend for
one of the most simple propositions, that labour should be
allowed, like any other commodity, to find its own market—
but so it is. British Guiana wants labourers : India is over-
stocked with inhabitants; and yet they are forbidden to quit
their own shores to seek remunerative employment ! Putting
aside the claims of this colony on the protecting power of
Great Britain, is it just so to treat the native of India?
If the proposal were to bury them in a quicksilver or cop-
per mine, government might interfere to prevent the promise
of large rewards destroying their subjects. If another govern-
ment sought to bring them to their shores, there might be an
excuse,"although there would be no justification for inter-
ference on the ground that they would not be sufficiently
protected by the laws of that state, to which they were about
to emigrate.
Those objections could not be started in our case—a fertile
soil—a climate more healthy than their own—better wages—
were the sound inducements to their being brought here.
Surely the government will not suppose that we are unable
to protect them. THIS WOULD BE UNJUSTLY ACCUSING
THEIR OWN HIGH OFFICERS OF NEGLECT OF DUTY, AND
CASTING A STIGMA OF THE DEEPEST KIND ON THEIR
INSTITUTIONS. It is not likely that they would be injured.
If the officers whose duty it is to protect them, were inactive
—if the proprietors had no humanity—yet even on the ground
of interest, the labourers would be taken care of. Why,
therefore, are they debarred from bettering their own con-
dition, and advancing the interest of this colony.
We know not, but we are convinced that if a proper repre-
sentation be made on the subject, accompanied with a pro-
posal to acquiesce in any additional measures, sanctioned by
the home government, for their protection, (although we do
not consider any such measure necessary) the order for ex-
clusion will be rescinded.
Fanaticism could alone originate it—it is folly to continue
it. Let it be withdrawn, and a benefit will be conferred on
those poor people thus rescued from periodical famines, while
British Guiana will be raised to that eminence amongst
England's dependancies, to which she is entitled, and Britain
herself in extended commerce, and loyalty to her institutions,
will reap substantial benefit from the opulence and content-
ment, which a tardy act of justice will produce to this mis-
represented and most mis-understood colony.
DISINTERESTEDLY ANXIOUS FOR THE PROSPERITY OF
THIS PROVINCE, WE SINCERELY DESIRE THIS WISHED-
FOR CONSUMMATION, AND NO EXERTION OF OURS SHALL
BE SPARED TO PRODUCE SUCH A SATISFACTORY AND
GLORIOUS RESULT.

(From the Guiana Chronicle of October 9.)
In discussing the questions of Immigration, while we keep
in view the grand object of a steady agitation' on the Anti-
Coolie Ordinance, we should not overlook the means of ob-
taining a supply of labour, even it it be of a less permanent
and more unfixed nature.
,The West India Islands claim our first attention. In
some of those islands, there exists a population in a state of
extreme poverty, willing to work if they be but properly re-
munerated—(we allude more particularly to Grenada, the
Grenadines, St. Vincent, and the other less extensive ones,
where they receive an inadequate price for their labour)—and,
what is more important, impregnatedwith a strong migratory
spirit.
Why should not we take advantage of their position, and
endeavour to induce them to a trial of this country ?
Trinidad has been before-hand with us, and not many
days back conveyed in one week from Grenada a hundred
and forty efficient labourers. Private speculators with a
similar intent are there from the same place, and daily enlist
large numbers for their estates.
When asked why they do not come here? their answer in-
variably is, that the distance is so great, and the means of a
return, if disappointed in their expectations, so uncertain,
that they prefer secure poverty at home, to the probable
chance of a too lengthened absence from it.
To meet this objection the only way is to establish a
steamer between the Islands and Demerara, and thus at once,
overcome every obstacle.
If a committee be formed for the carrying cut of this most
desirable project, an immediate supply is ensured, and a de-
pa established, whence, at all times, labour can be procured.
If the Court of
.Policy refuse its assistance, the members of
the committee ought to subscribe themselves. The advan-

tages of this plan are so obvious, that we are surprised no
stir has as yet: been made in the speculation. , Is Demerara
to be ever. the last in the race of.exertion ? We,fear our fel,
low-colonists lease themselves open to the charge of Whining
too much over the past and palmy days of slavery, instead of
looking forward;and girding themselves for the encountering
of their difficulties.

While we are on this topic, we may as well give expression
to an opinion we have long entertained on the policy of in-
ducing the half-starved peasantry of.lreland to entigra(e
We are aware that there is a strait, impression ahroid
against it. A failure in one instance does' not entail a total
loss of success. _ Besides we do not think that instance was
a fair trial. It will be alleged that the heat in the cane-fields
would destroy them—WE do not think so. In South Caro-
lina the sultry,,plose heat is more oppressive than here, while
the insects are at least'as tormenting, and yet there are thou-
-sands of Irish 'there, laboriously toiling amid the uz-ephilic
exhalations of the rice-swamp. If they but work half the
day, their exertions would be more effective than those of a
negro in double the time. But are there no other employ-
ments in which they might be engaged? Would they not be
useful in the buildings," or on a coffee estate? and, as
domestics, no comparison can be instituted. Even on the
ground of competition, we recommend a trial. A large arri-
val would have a fine effect on the indolent negro.

STATE' OF CULTIVATION IN JAMAICA.

(From the Jamaica standard of Oct. 19.)

Having travelled in various directions lately, as well
viewing with our own eyes as consulting the experience of
others—we are enabled to lay before our readers not only a
full but a faithful report of the real state of agriculture at the
present time in this, parish. In the first place, the ratoons
which should now have displayed from three to four feet of
good substantial canes, in very few instances exhibit more
than half that length; and this arises chiefly from the cir-
cumstance of the unparallelled backwardness of last crop—
canes . which should have been cut in March and April,
having been allowed to cumber the ground till at least two
months later, and in many places to rot altogether, from the
impossibility of getting the labourers to cut and grind them
—thereby losing the May rains, to which the experienced
planter looks for a good return for the ensuing year.
Again : after crop, instead of the labourers turning out and
cleaning, and banking, and supplying the canes which in the
mean time had got foul, they very contentedly sat down in
their houses, or amused themselves in their provision
grounds ; the consequence of which is, that .in many places
the rows arc scarcely halt supplied, and those canes which
have grown up, are seriously stunted from the moss of the
mass of weeds by which- they have been surrounded.
Another circumstance, tending materially to reduce the
growth, may be referred to the very imperfect manner in
which the pens have been supplied, few planters having
been able to get above one-half of the usual quantity
of grass for this purpose. Proceeding to thp • other
grounds of prospect for the next crop, we must advert to the
still great deficiency cf the plants, arising not only from the
disinclination of the labourers generally to prepare the land,
but from their refusal in many instances even to plant the
canes after the holes have been dug. The former difficulty
has no doubt been obviated in a considerable degree where
the locality has permitted it, by the application of the plough;
but unfortunately there are too many things all necessary on
an estate which the plough cannot do ; it can neither plant
nor weed the caries ; it can neither cut nor carry them to the
mill; and fifty other things which are and must be dependent
upon manual labour alone. To this we must add that
wherever the plough has been introduced, there the labourers
have generally displayed the greatest disinclination to plant,—
it being no uncommon occurrence to find a second or even a
third relay of topi necessary to complete, after a space of
some five or six weeks, what should have been done at once
in the course of a couple of days.—The result must of course
be a very material deficiency upon the whole, even compared
with the present year's enormous defalcation. To attempt
to arrive at, or' to buoy one's self up with the prospects of
any other conclusion, from some isolated instance of better
appearances, is totally useless. But if any such attempt be
made, our answer is,—look at last crop : the deficiency ofSt.
James's alone (and we shall .prove :t by and by) is not far
short of 50,000 cwts, of sugar, and 100,000 gallons of rum ;
and yet there are estates in the parish which we could name,
that have made more sugar and ruin this year than they did
last ; so true it is that there is never a rule without souse ex-
ceptions I
And now, it may be asked, is there no cure for all this in-
dolence and disinclination to work on the part of the pea-
santry? We answer, there is;. but that unfortunately it
appears to be much easier to point it out than put it in prac-
tice : we answer that the main root of the disease lies in the
over-independence of the labouring classes; and this arises
from one simple cause,—their almost unlimited use of their
masters' land for the purposes of cultivation ; by which they
support themselves much more easily than they can possibly
do by any other means. So long as this continues it is in
vain to expect any thing else than a great deficiency of labour,
and the necessary consequence—an exorbitant demand for
what little is given. People who can earn from 3to ss. in
nearly as many hours, are not likely to labour more than
suits their own pleasure and convenience. If they did, they
.would be fonder of hard work than we are, and much more
naturally industrious too, than peasantry are generally to be
found in any country. Few labour for choice, and it is hardly
to be expected that the negroes will. Many of the crops
shipped home this year, will not, we are assured, pay the
expense of cultivation and manufacture. What then, are we
to expect for the future? Why, that many more estates
must be abandoned than those already virtually sacrificed.

STATE OF BRITISH GUIANA.

(From the Guiana Chronicle.)

Perhaps, there never was a closer coincidence of sentiment
among intelligent men, generally holding different political
views, than is now observable in this Colony, on the subject
of its condition and prospects. It is not pretended that there
is any violence on the part of the peasantry, or indeed, that
they are more wicked than other human beings would be,
similarly circumstanced. Having no want unsupplied, no il-
legal or harsh restraint placed upon them, it would be strange
that they should exhibit insubordination, or very glaring
symptoms of discontent. What all r ersons, capable of form-
ing An opinion, agree upon, is this, the cultivation-of the
country has been going back, with a.vful celerity, since the
first of August, last year, and, if a vast addition be not made,
without delay, to our labouring population, must, at na dis-
tant era, be entirely given up.
Our crop, as the official returns show, has diminished
and is diminishing, with the regularity of a geometrical series.
Every fraction, periodically announced, must be divided,
again, by another fraction, to find the result for the succeed-
ing period. Ten thousand five hundred and thirty-three
hogsheads, measured the decrease on the first six months of
1838, on one article, sugar alone. Twenty thousand hogs-
heads of sugar will not nearly cover the decrease on this whole
year, as compared with only ordinary years under the coer-
cive system. And that it will amount to much more in 1840,
is clear to every one who knows how desperately our Planters
have wrought to take their ripe canes off and turn them into
sugar, neglecting the processes necessary for future cultiva-
tion. It was lamentable to see the first-rate ships in the
River, waiting, for five or six months, for cargoes or produce,
and then taking away sand. Our mercantile navy has dwindled
down to a miserable show of idle, light vessels. Nor shall
we be less surprised than gratified to ascertain, that the pre-
sent panic among the merchants of Water-street is owing en-
tirely to the shutting up of dollars in the office of the
cialVoir trhdeerretmenotriewleienptllie Colony, as wages,
Re-
ceiver-General,. for the redemption of the Joe Notes, and not
partiallydifficult
of
fo
eau r social sealed and more
of the.money that used to enrich the Absentee, they who sup-
ply, for Colonial .consumption, the comforts and luxuries of
life,.will•erjoy for a while a gaudy sort of prosperity. But it
is as deceptive as it is gaudy ; ,for the blast that overthrows
the planter, will uct 1 nog spare the merchant and the artizan.
It is not that there is a strike among the labourers, a se-
cret combination, an open determination not to work. That
might be overcome. The plan of our peasantry, who,
although we acquit them of the charge of collusion, are as-
tonishingly unanimous in their mode of procedure, is, to
perform just so much labour, that the planter cannot ab-
ruptly dispense with their services, but so little, that all his
operations are retarded and disturbed. A rustic goes to a
proprietor and finds employment at once, being not even
asked for a certificate of character. For- a day or two,
perhaps for a week. he works tolerably well ; he receives
money, and is allowed the use of a house ; and the very ac-
quisitions which were designed as an encouragement to in-
dustry, hold out a lure to indolence.—It is very easy to blame
the planter for not turning him off at once, and making him
pay hard money rent for his cottage. The thing can never be
accomplished but by unanimity; and how shall any set of
proprietors 'be unanimous, each of whom is himself in so
desperate a condition, that his outlay for labour is limited
only by the length of his purse, and, in the case of those who
have to do with the mortgagee and money-lender, is irre-
spective even of that?
Among all our negro peasants, there is a strong disinclina-
tion to field labour. It is to be mastered in no other way
, than by operating upon their necessities, appetites, or pas-
sions. As to endeavouring to reason them or preach them
into the culture of the cane and cotton pieces, that is com-
pletely out of the question. Not one of them will adhere to
the tillage of the soil, one moment after he thinks he can do
Letter. The most sober of them are field labourers only un-
til they can purchase, with their easily earned money, from
some Proprietor abandoning his estate, a cottage and a pro-
vision ground of their'own, which shall render them, thence-
forth, quite independent of both cotton and sugar.
For thirty miles or more along the coast to the eastward of
the Demerara river, the road in former times, lay between
rich cotton-pieces, that flourished both towards the sea shore,
and towards the interior. The road is still there, but it now
runs through a country littlo better than a desert. The cotton
pieces are given up to nature, and the regular inequalities of
the banks of courida and black sedge are, all that remain to
show where the hand of man was. But that desert is being
fast peopled. Cottages are rising with extraordinary rapidity
and frequency, built by retired agricultural labourers, who,
in twelve months, have amassed enough of money to become,
actually, proprietors or tenants of patches of groufld, . on
which they support them Selves, and as many as they clr.'ose
to admit into their society. Time, instead of diminishiag-
an evil like this, is continually aggravating it.
Yet it cannot be disputed, that the-present good prices of
the staples at home, now compensate the planter in some
degree, for the smallness of his manufacture. If things go
on upon the existing system, the mother country, for a year
Or two, will suffer In a heavitir ratio than her colonies. But
great and well fouilded alarms prevail, lest the protective
system be suddenly exploded, and foreign sugars introduced
on the same terms as those of the British settlements.

The deficiencies of the national revenue, great as they are,
and likely to increase, and the demands of the English
people, seem to justify a fear that the burden of the loss
caused by the emancipation 0%111 be shifted from England to
the West :ndies ; that England must have, and will have
cheap sugar, though her colonies should be ruined. Already
have the clamours of the radical press respecting foreign
slave sugar, and of the philanthropical press respecting
foreign free, and the unaccountable silence of the Conserva-
tive organs, diffused general apprehension among our pro-
prietary body. It must be recollected, that it is not want of
money-capital, that is the cause of the present crisis, A
man might come out with the most copious supplies of money,
yet he would, in the present state of things, find little or
nothing of an agricultural kind on which to employ it with
profit. Hardly higher wages can be afforded than what are
now current. Now, we cannot conceal from ourselves that
there are parts of the world, in which, on account of the
excess of population, capital may be at once employed by
our rivals to the best advantage. Therefore, we encounter a
double risk ; that of being ruined by the frauds of the slave-
holder, and that of suffering from the new impetus given to
free labour elsewhere. If the current of commercial pro-
sperity set in towards the east, it will be a very hard matter
to bring it back into its old channel. But it is idle to sup-
pose, even for argument's sake, that if foreign free sugars be
admitted openly, the door will not be thrown open to the
clandestine admission of the produce of slave labour.
A curious proof of the strong sense entertained by every
one, of the imminence of the danger by which we are beset,
is afforded by the readiness of all, to bury old differences,
and unite in a common effort at self-preservation The Go-
vernor, who is not to be blamed for the arrival Of the crisis,
but who, certainly ought to have seen its sure approach
sooner, is willing to do what he can. Planters and mer-
chants unite in expressing a conviction, that they must do
something. A public meeting, and a memorial, are still
talked of, and we only want one or two active men to set
them on foot. As it has become a struggle for existence, all
party feeling is laid aside. There are materials for one of
the strongest and most affecting representations to the Home
Government and the British People, that ever an unhappy
country laid before those who could save it from destruction.
Lord Normanby' sentimenta regarding the introduction of

lemigrants from the east, are generally known, but the con-
jecture is too urgent, to be satisfied by the opinion of a sin-
gle minister. Immigration may be conducted on a good
principle, so as•to benefit, incalculably, the two extremities
of the British Empire, giving the one that which it so much
wants, and which the other can so well spare it. In the
name of justice, and humane and wise policy : for the sakeof
consistency and honour : on behalf other expatriated sons, the
fruits of whose long toil are about tobe wrested from their grasp,
•pf her merchants and her seamen, once the guardians of her
power and glory, of her artizans, who need a large market for
their wares, not dependent on the precarious tenure of fo-
reign caprice, of her negrO subjects, about to lose the bless-
ings extorted for them by the and the good, let the mo-
ther-country be implored to rescue her West Indian posses-
sions from the peril which stares them on all sides. Nothing
but immigration can save us, immediate and to a vast extent.
We will enter into every soleMn engagement, consent to
every stringent precaution that humanity can suggest ; and
jvillsnpport any machinery, however cumbersome, that
you may think necessary for the protection of the stranger.
If, then, England, with this opportunity of greatness and
benevolence before her, neglect to avail herself of it, sae will
deserve to periSh ignominiously amid the curses of her chil-
dren, and to be remembered with the execrations of the whole
human family, as a nation that was wilful, not humane, and •
that struck her own light fetters from the limbs of some
thousands of slaves, that the avaricious and cruel foreigner
might torture the bones and sinews of many millions. These
are no visionary speculations. Only a year of freedom has
-elapsed, and they are being realized everysthere already, in
Surinam, in Cayenne, in Martinique, in Guadeloupe and •
Cuba, in Manilla and Brazil, in every place in which grow
the staples, beginning to be universally neglected over that
portion of the tropical west which is subject to Great Britain.

TRINIDAD.

We have commercialallcesiCOM Trinidad to the latter
part of September. Many planters had established a rule on
their estates,. that all labourers who did not perform five days'
work per week, should pay rent for their houses and grounds
for every day they were idle, and the result seemed to prove
this a good system, having induced many, who were idly dis-
posed, to work with tolerable regularity. The following is a
comparative statement of produce shipped to 31st Aug., 1838
and 1839:—1n 1838, 19,837 hds. 1214 trcs., and 2337 brls. of
sugar; 7579 puns. and 595 trcs. of molasses ; and 130 puns. of
rum. In 1839, 17,490 hds., 1121 trcs., and 3144 brls. sugar;
7217 puns. and 426 trcs. molasses ; and 85 puns. of runi. In
1838 the quantity of cocoa was 2,224,936 lbs., and of coffee
393,089 lbs. ' • and in 1839, of the former, 2,382,108 lbs., and of
the latter 211,212 lbs. There was, however, little, if any,
sugar left in stock last year, while in the present there was
about 2,000 hhds waiting for shipping. It was calculated that
this year's crop would not fall short more than 500 hl , a
better result than had been anticipated. As to the crop of
1841, very few plants had been put in either in the full of the
year or in the spring of this, and most of the latter had suf-
fered much by the long dry weather. The next crop would,
therefore, fall short for want of canes, and so much labour
had.been turned off to other channels, that, notwithstanding
the weekly arrrival of emigrants, the stock of agricultural la-
bour was still far inferior to the demand.

RATE OF WAGES AND ALLOWANCES TO AGRI-
CULTURAL LABOURERS IN BRITISH GUIANA.

For the task of work performed by the present labourers,
now and when apprentices, called the 74 hours' task, one
guilder is given, equal to Is. Gd. sterling. Thie task is easily
performed by industrious men and women in four to five
hours ; and many of them who go early to work in the morn-
ing, and remain all day, earn frequently 4s. Gd. per day.
Men and women of industrious habits, without fatiguing
them4elves, could easily earn 3s. per day all the year round.
In addition to the wages above stated, the labourers are
allowed houses, grounds for provisions, medicines and medi-
cal attendance, gratis; and when they perform a week's
work they get a small allowance of rice, or plantains, salt
fish, rum, sugar, and frequently some pork and tobacco, also
gratis : and all well behaved labourers are allowed the pri-
vilege of rearing poultry, hogs, and vegetables, by which
they make a great deal of money.
On most of the estates there are now schools and teachers
paid by the proprietors, so that all who desire it, get educa-
tion gratis. There are also churches and chapels in all parts
of the colony for the religious instruction of the labourer.

CONTINUATION OF REPORT IN REFERENCE TO INDEN-
TURED IMMIGRANTS.
To his Excellency Henry Light, Governor and Commander-
in-chief, Vice-Admiral and Ordinary in and over the pro-
vince of British Guiana—and the Hon. the Court of
Policy.
• We, the undersigned Commissioners, appointed by your
Excellency, on the resolution of your honourable court, un-
der date the 15th of May last, have now the honour to report
in continuation.
That, we visited the estates in the county of Berbice,
where immigrants forming the object of our inquiry, are
located; and it affords us great satisfaction to acquaint your
excellency and honourable court, that the result of our inves-
tigation Into the state, condition, and treatment of these
immigrants in this county, is most favourable and highly
satisfactory.
For more detailed information, we respectfully refer your
excellency and honourable court to the annexed minutes of
our proceedings taken at the time of inspection.
Thus most respectfully submitted by your excellency's and
your honourable court's most obedient and humble servants,
CHAS. ROBINSON,
MICHAEL M`TURK,
*CHARLES R. WHINFIEL D, sheriff of Berbice.
July 12, 1839.
* The eriff of Berbice was for ten years in the East
Indies. Speaks the Hindoo language.
BRITISH GUIANA—COUNTY OF BERBICE.
Minutes in cqntinuation of the proceedings of the com-
missioners, appointed by his excellency the governor, for the
purpose of ascertaining the state, condition, and treatment
of the Maltese, Coolies, Germans, and Portuguese, under
indenture or contract:
N. 2.—TIIE COOLIES, CONTINUED.
On Highbury, Wednesday, July 10.—We completed our
inquiries and inspection of these immigrants on this estate,
the property of Messrs. Davidson and Barkley, of London,
and situated about twelve miles from New Amsterdam; on
the east bank of the river Berbice. These people were landed
.from the barque Whitby, in May, 1838 :—their number was
as follows :

Men. Women. Children
114 5 10
Joined from Water 100........ 1
Decrease by death........... 16 1

Remaining this day 99 4 10
In hospital 8
The deaths are thus accounted for by Dr. Collymore, viz.
Of dysentery
Diarrhoea
General debility - 1
.. .
Fever 1
Ulcers • 2
Of those now in hospital, there are cases of in-
termitted fever 5
Dysentery
Ulcer
With the exceptions of the cases of sickness noted, the
Coolies on this estate are in flue health and spirits. Their
indentures are dated the 29th of December, 1837, from
which period their services commence. The terms of con-
tract are, in every particular, similar to those of the same
description of immigrants in Demerara and Essequibo, viz.
—For live years' service, on wages of five rupees monthly,
payable in dollars, at the exchange of two rupees per dollar ;
and to be supplied daily with provisions, and annually with
clothing, as also medical attendance and medicines. In the
contract there is a stipulation for the deduction of one rupee
per month, to secure the proprietors from any responsibility
of their becoming chargeable to the colony. This deduction,
however, has been very properly discontinued since the Ist
of November last, and the amount which had been at that
time abated, adjusted. Their cottages are very good, and
had been erected and prepared prior to their arrival in this
colony. The hospital is airy, cleafl, and well-conducted.
We would, however, ;propose, that bedsteads and bedding,
on the principle of those in the Colonial Hospital, be intro-
duced in substitution of the existing fixed bedsteads.
It is quite evident that every attention is paid to render
these coolies comfortable and happy ; and from all the infor..
mation we receive, they have considerably improved since
their arrival. They execute their work with a cheerfulness
not to be exceeded in any part of the world. Many of them
represent, "We feel so content and comfortable here, that
if our families were with us, we should prefer remaining in
this country. We get more food and are better taken care
of than in our own country."
Anunto itam, the head sirdar, an intelligent man, who has
recently married a young woman from a coolie family on this
estate, says " I have only my father and mother in India, no
family of my own, and I will go to Calcutta, at any time my
master wishes, and return with plenty of these people; they
would be glad to come here."
