-et/ //-
_z

APRIL 13, 1836

•
be deprived of the only assistance which existed to enable them
to have the protection of the civil power in recovering their
Properties.
..The discussion was continued for some. time after which the
bill was read a second time, it being intimated that several
amendments would' be proposed in Committee.
Adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.—TUESDAY.
The House was occupied ftir the greiter pact of the sitting in
forwarding private bills arid in the reception of petitions.
CHELTENHAM AND'GR,EAT WEE7TERN RAILWAY.
Au amended report of this bill Was agreed to, and the bill,
as amended, was ordered to be engrossed.

On the LONDON GRAND JUNCTION RAILWAY.
motiOn of Sir Sn'stuEt: WHA:LLRY, the further con-
sideration of the report of this bill was postponed for a week.

BOROUG OF -
On the motion of Mr. POUH LTEIt, a POOLE.
bill to render miff and
void the late municipal elections in the borough of Poole was
read a first time.

LAW OF PRIM.
- Mr. EWART, after a short speech, in OGENITURE
which he appeared to
think it desirable that the French system of inheritance should
be adopted in this country for the purpose of destroying
Its aristocracy, moved for leave to bring in a bill to provide
that in cases of intestacy, and in the absence of any settlement
to the contrary, landed property be equally divided among the
children or next of kin of the deceased.
Mr. Hutt seconded the motion.
Mr. ROEBUCK approved of the proposed alteration of tote law,
on the ground that it would tend to destroy the baneful influence
of the House of Lords.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER opposed the motion,
and contended that, under the circumstances in which the goes-
ten was brought forward, the house ought not to entertain it at
all He deprecated the course of argument pursued by the hon.
*neither for Bath, and felt persuaded that however anxious a
certain party in this country might beto abolish all hereditary
distinctions, still the good sense and feeling of the great ma-
j"xity of the people were directly opposed to any measure of
the kind.
The motion was rejected, 29 members voting in favour of, and
45 against, its introduction.
NEW GROAT COINAGE.
Colonel SIBTHORPE begged to ask the Chancellor of the Ex-
iaequer whether there was any truth in the report which had
Rorie abroad that the new silver fourpenny pieces had been re-
called from circulation?
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER.—CertainIy not. The
issuing this species of coin had been very strongly recommend-
ed on the attention of government, and they had acceded to it.
They gave their consent to it as an experiment. The amount
of the coinage in the first instance had been limited; and he
Presumed it was because the supply was not equal at the present
moment to the demand that had led to this erroneous impres-
sion.

REP
tiOpRT.
Mr. ThNG vnl liiimfght theOF reportSUPPLY on army and ordnance
estimates.
The broreport of the Roman catholic marriage bill was also
ught up and received.
AJodurned.
HOUSE OF COMMONS.—WEDNESDAY.

RAILWAYS.
00 the motion of Mr. EMERSON TENENT, the Ulster Railway
bill was read a third time and passed. Petitions were presented
47.ainst several railway bills now before the house. A consider-
able number of petitions on other subjects were also presented.
TITHE COMMUTATION BILL.
On the • motion of Lord JOHN RUSSELL this bill was committed
pro f„.ntd.

Lord FLOGGING IN THE ARMY.
Hovvrc moved the order of the day for the house go-
tilt' into commit
leave the chair" being put tee on the mutiny bill. On the question "that
Speaker do ,
Maier F d " That it is the opinion of this
1...0 A NcoußT move
•") se that the punishment of flogging should be immediately
abolished in the British army."
• Captain BOLDER° seconded the motion, and was left speak-
Ing,.vihen the report from which we quote was closed.

SHIPWRECK OF HIS MAJESTY'S PACKET QUAIL,
AND LOSS OF LIFE.
litWe have received from a correspondent at Jersey an account
tis a lamentable occurrence at sea, by which his Majesty's packet
"e Quail was reduced to a complete wreck, and sixteen of her
ttere.drowned. It would appear that the Quail, which is a cut-
earning four guns, left Falmouth about fifteen days since,
under the command of Lieutenant Bisson, with despatches for
.'lsboo, having on board at the time twenty-four seamen and
(sZe usual number of officers. While crossing the Bay of Biscay
it ,encountered a severe gale. For smile time she weathered
bo'"fallant style, but a tremendous sea struck her on the star-
quarter, carried away her mast, and sent her on her beam
0-"", almost swallowing her up. ' At this time sixteen of the
latter
were washed overboard, together with the mate ; the
"er, bovvever, was washed again on board the vessel, and
.._t_lceeeded in escaping the fate which his unfortunate companions
!!' det with. Captain Bisson had a narrow escape ; he was forced
o mp
the co anion by the violence of the shock, and with great
teulty saved himself from being drowned, the vessel at the
roe being nearly filled with water. By great exertions a por-
bn of the rigging was cut away, and the cutter righted herself,
htbecame a complete wreck. For several days they were at
mercy of the wind and waves, in the most distressing and
pitiable situation. Five days after the doctor was found in the
:tessel, he having been drowned at the time the cutter was first
rgck by the sea and sent on her broadside. Two large vessels
,riassed them after the gale had ceased, but they heeded not the
altnals of distress, and left them to their fate. Captain Bisson
q,-,11,4,11Y tired into the second one, but without gaining the re-
pa-le" aid. At length they were picked up by the Speedy
"'et, off the Gaskett light, and every assistance afforded the
Itirtlkaining part of the crew, (JP were in a very deployable con-
wre°ll,; The Speedy reached rsey on Thursday with the
", when the inhabitants paid the survivors every possible
• 4741146 AM that humanity could suggest. A lady celebrated for
i_at)Y acts of kindness, gave them an asylum in her own house,
piv.ited the captain and officers to her table, and gave directions,
.1.% every assistance to be afforded to the men. All the crew
;.re more or less personally injured by the severity of the gale.
ric of the unfortunate men who were washed overboard be-.
spßed to Falmonth, and have left widows and families to -de-'
their untimely fate. Lieutenant Bisson formerly had the
teoltnand of the George Canning steamer, and was, we believe,
la recently appointed to the Quail. The dreadful occurrence
has
excited the greatest sympathy in Jersey.—Observer.

LIVERPOOL OPERATIVE CONSERVATIVE
ASSOCIATION.
At the- Quarterly. Meeting of the Liverpool Operative Conser-
vative Association, held. March .31st, 1835, the declaration as
follows was unanimously agreed to :
is We, the o erative couservatiyes, residing in Liverpoolto
and
'`3 environs pconsider it our duty at this momentous crisiso
give
utterance to our sentiments, to speak out as men who ve-
nerate and are determined to defend to the utmost (braving all
s%(4lsequences) our incomparable national church against the
wily
designs of canting puritans who, leagued with the
he Y Papist, would, under the delusive name of reform, curtail
resources, thereby cramp her energies and sphere useful-
-'eB which is the greatest blessing this and the sister isle pos-
sess .
f satished that any measure the legislat.ure m. ay introduce
~°r Ireland, having for its object the eonhscation of church
Pro
Perty for secular purposes, is concocted and rdatored, not
.
,'col a love of Ireland, not from an anxious desire to see it
cif Popery
and happy, which never can dawn on it until the slaves
P"Pery break the manacles which enfetter their minds. Anl
Grisciences, and spontaneously proclaim their freedom. Unlll it
t,-" Toe a truly protestant country unity of seuttment ne-
„e,• r Prevail. On the contrary the object of the present mi.nistry
'tfie'-'" conciliate and commaid the assistance of the arch-agitator,
ti rebY to perpetuate and strengthen those discords and sedi-
e(ms which coier the face of that unhappy country ; thus to se-
-tire tiis
I%„t assistance to retain them iu Office, (which they trea-
4daulY abuse,) they are prepared to level the. church of Ire-
,' with the ground, and on its ruins establish popery its
;Veadant horrors. As conservatives we are willing, consi er-
„4 it our duty, to assist to remove any real abuses. that can
.be
).°ved exist in the church, that the efficacy of her doctrine
t4lind to
disposition may shine forth with more effulgence, and
ullaitvehze.refleetant rays may brighten every dark corner of the
We cannot allow this opportunity to pass without
I‘"vliviisicg publicity to our feelings—feelings of sorrow mingled
tiZ oisgust, at the unprincipled political conduct of our towns-
tere-daj'.4 representative, who claimed our confidence, and fos-
ter othaself on our indulgence under the delusive but volun-
k_olhPiedge_, that if elected he would tread in the footsteps of,
be an. humble follower of the late Canning and Huskisson.
rkB he realised this promise? Alas, no. Quite the reverse,
I,f,;t2t.!his moment he is to be found in the. ranks anditlseafgcund.
cjetigolh. enemies of our glorious constitution,sapping
the u, to its ultimate degradation and consequent annihilation,
toga, endangering all we hold dear as Englishmen and Bri-
Iti`k We call, then, on all true conservatives to waive all
skillynconsiderations and unite in the one common cause—the
gen',7 "on of our coun'try. We call on all who love order and
who government, who hate anarchy, corruption, and rebellion,
cheeig;w4ct noe
only. speculative measurethose,
to co meg or chane from a desire of
the forward arid enrollst
save theirs under the conservative banner, which ere long must
aslat e their country. We call on them to look well to the
.1e-
.1", to be vigilant,. and arm themselves with the franchise,
to the when th time serves we may be able to set an example
ap sre country, and show' with what indignation we will punish
us.
'-`ll7acY of Principle by scouting him who falsely represents
gee„, ", e would also if not presuming, call on .conservatiyes
of ratly throughout the country to watch well the conduct
theirtheir representatives, urging them strenuously to be
.at
ite, Posts, and do their duty on all occasions, fearlessly and in-
1114,„tletctlY; and should there be any indifference or apathy
eonsj„ "Y members to matters so essential, we call on their
choir "tlents at the next election to make a more consistent
ietee, and return men only who will invariably attend to the
p mrests of the country, determined to support the constitution
enet 'et and uncorrupted. Ye humbly implore, yet earnestly
vililat those brave defenders of our laws, the calumniated and
the 11 hereditary peers, who have ever stood .a barrier between
reej,„Pe°Ple and -the encroachmeats of the other estates of the
riseCe' to stand determined not to be overawed, not to. let
ary deter them from a steady opposition to those revolution-
toes'"easu.res which ministers seem resolved
.to carry. The,
ervati
call ee ve peers have the power in their hands. e
• „.. them to use it and crush the designs and machinations
t
their" ,c.nprincipled rulers, who so falsely assert (to effect
chatguiects), that the voice or the people demands these
;tire theB • Let the peers do their duty fearlessly, and thus in-
fotere Prayers and the blessing of a grateful nation, and the
o
Pport (in any extremity) of th great majority of the
ter_a T
tines, who hitherto have been deceived and made the
,ti
the of the radical press, by means of the active diffusion, by
tri,:Lagents, of their cheap, spurious, and revolutiohary doc-
tiv',l.7, therein set forth in plausible terms. Let the conserve-
nobilit-
y and eentr only encourage and assist the opera-
the to establisli reading rooms throughout the country, that
ttelnly be able to come in contact with sound religious morals,
biesiPittolitical knowledge, thereby securing to the nation. those
or thesgs vr.e.inherited from our anceifors. Yet to deprive us
ti,us e privileges, appears to be the object of the united fac-
the who usurp the name of liberals—who have already robbed
aftteeieut burgesses of this town of their chartered rights, as
sacred "g the election of municipal officers, which rights were as
ha..,and inviolate as the estates of the Duke of Bedford, both
thevlng emanated from the same source—the gift of Kings. If
eonr_ must be forfeited, we call then with equal justice for the
seation of the other. Let us in conclusion use our in-
fluenceea„.s however insignificant, in advancing the conservative
en'r—that the unnatural alliance of infidels, socinians, papists,
tea ps:roe professing churchmen, may ultimately be defeated in
blesseeherous designs, that the nation may once more be
to ear' with a true conservative government,. able and willing
such measures for the stability of the church, the Iran-
it ,v of Ireland, and strengthening the interests of the
her; 7q Kingdom, thus raising it once snore to that degree of
hee'l:'ness, contentment and affluence, that it may again truly
ole the envy of surrounding nations.

tciti HE o_
`3ER OP BANGOR.--.A preliminary meeting of the
u. of Bangor, was held in the Waterloo, on the 30th ult.,
Edward Thomas in the chair, which unanimously expiessed surpriie and alarm at the contemplated union of the dioceses
1340g0r and St. Asaph.

Xe /

FRIDAY MORNING, APRIL 15, 1p36.

By the packet ship St. Andrew, Captain TnomPsoN,
Which sailed on the 25th ult., and arrived here yesterday,
we have New York papers of the:above date. The peo-
ple of the United States are evidently under many appre-;
hensions on the'subjeCt of slavery. Those who seek its
abolition will not desist from pnrsuing their object, while
those who are ranged upon the opposite side cannot en-
dure the presentation of any petitions against slavery.
On this subject, in fact, the right of petition has been
questioned in what is supposed to be a free country, and
congress has ruled that no discussion shall be permitted
when these petitions are presented, even in explanation
of their details. From these incidental facts, and from
the itter spirit that manifests itself on the part of both
factions, we cannot avoid coming to the conclusion that
black slavery in the United States will not be tolerated
much longer.
In other respects the republic is in a very flourishing
condition. The price of flour and cotton is higher in
New York than it is in Liverpool. The late fire has
caused such a demand for labour that workmen easily ob-
tained two dollars a day, and are not content even with
that, and several strikes for an additional half-dollar have
occurred attended with riotous proceedings.

The following. scraps are all we can find relative to the
war in Florida.

LATEST FROM FLORIDA.
The following letters have just come to hand from our correspond-
ent in Florida :

ST. AUGUSTINE, March 10, 1836.
Nothing further, as yet, has reached us relative to General Gaines.
He has, I understand; been ordered to retreat—that is, to fall back
upon Fort King, and thence, probably, upon Volucia, where there
is a large depot of supplies. As we now know where the enemy are,
it is to be hoped that Gen. Scott may be enabled to make short work
of them. The steamer Dolphin leaves to-day with supplies for the
left wing of the army, at or about Col. Williams's place, a little south
of Tomoka—that is, 50 or 60 miles of this. The 700 South Carolina
mounted men are momently expected in town. The great difficulty
has been the forwarding of supplies for men and horses. It is now
pretty well ascertained that Oacola (Powell) is not dead. I mentioned
to you that Lieut. James Izard, of the Dragoons, was mortally wounded
in the late engagement near theWithlachoochee. He is represented by
all the officers with whom I have conversed, as one of the most gallant
men in our country; and his death will be a loss to the service.

I. W. S.
ST. AUGUSTINE, Wednesday night, March 10!•

Intelligence has just reached this, that Gen. Gaines has crossed the
Withlacoochee;with a reinforcement from Clinch of 1,000 men, ex-
clusive of 150 mounted volunteers from Aluehua. One account states
that the Indians had drawn up their forces, and prepared to give him
battle ; while another statement says that Gaines had again met the
enemy, and that they were his. Scott leaves Picolata in the morning,
with two companies, for the scene of action. I shall just be in time
to join him, as I start at daylight to-morrow.—Yours, &c.

J. W. S.

P.S.—The 700 South Carolina mounted men came in this afternoon
in fine Condition, and took up their quarters upon a hill west of the
town. They are under the command of General Bull, of South Caro-
lina, who will be at the head of nearly a full brigade of infantry and
mounted men.

Our correspandent, on quitting Picolata, employed a friend to trans.
mit any intelligence that might reach that post duriiig his absence,
from whom we have received the following :
PICOLATA, March 9,1836.

To the Editor of the Courier and Enquirer.
There is a report this morning from Jacksonville, received from
Fort Drane, that General Gaines has been fighting the Indians for the
last nine days, and that General Clinch has joined him with his forces
and that four hundred of the Indians were destroyed, and only four
killed and thirty-one wounded of the whites. Gen. Gaines has rebuilt
all the bridges, and is in readiness to march for Tampa Bay ; and that
200 head of cattle had been driven to Gen. Gaines by the Alachua
militia.

No express from Fort Drane since the 4th inst.
To Col. James WatsonlVebb.

P.S. 3 o'clock, p.m.—The express has this moment arrived from
Fort Drane, and says that Gen. Clinch marched from Fort Drane on
Saturday last with 500 men, and with five days' provisions and eighty
head of cattle. Two expresses had been sent and both cut oft
Nothing heard from Gen. Gaines since March 2d officially.
_ _

General Scott leaves here this afternoon with two companies for
Black Creek, and to march from there for Fort Drane to-morrow
morning. _ _ _

AIIGTJSTA, March 16,

General Burwell Pope and his staff arrived last night in our city, on
their way to Florida. Gen. Pope has been appointed by the Gover-
nor to the command of the Georgia Brigade now in that territory.

We lament to state that the successor of St. PETER,
the reigning Pope, GREGORY by nime, and the XVI: of
that name, is at present suffering most acutely from se-
vere mental affliction. It is not on account of irelattd,

for everything is progressing there as favourably towards
the darkest kind of demoralization as his holiness could
wish. But, alas ! Spain and Portugal have lifted their
heels against the "Apostolic Seat," and have refused to
obey the sacred mandates of the head of the church. The
patriots of these once faithful kingdoms have, for some
considerable time, been diverting themselves by robbing
the religious houses and burning the monks. It is true
that they do not burn all whom they rob, for that would
be an extravagant waste of wood or coals, which are
much better employed in dressing omelets or con-.
verting tom-cats into . hare ragouts ; but it is a fact
that many monks have been burnt, a greater number as-
sassinated, and a vast number of monasteries and con-
vents plundered in open day.
These are the deeds which have sunk deep into the
soul of his holiness, and made his pidus heart bleed.
There may be another reason rendered for his grief.
PETER'S pence do not come in so freely as heretofore.
The holy father's rent is stopped in the Peninsula; arid
although he is too prudent a man to say a single word
about it, yet we can well imagine how he feels the loss
of his Spanish. But, as it may probably edify some of
our Roman Catholic readers, we will allow Pope GRE-
GORY to pour out his sorrows in his own charming lan-
guage. Be it known then • that on the Ist of February
last his holiness held a consistory, and in the presence of
his cardinals and other " venerable brethren," be de-
livered an address of which the following are extracts:—
" You know what state the affairs of the church are in the
kingdom of Portugal, as,we have complained in the presence
of this assembly of the injuries done to it, and the crimes per-
petrated against its power and liberty. 0 cruel state. of things,
utterly unworthy of that people, whose boast it was to obey
Kings distinguished by the title of Most Faithful ! After our
expostulation and monitions; after the many proofs of continued
patience which we. gave, there has neither been any cessation
from the flagitious attempts against the church and its venerable
rights, nor any'reparation made for the injuries done to the whole
catholic world. Nay, besides, as if to make the measure of
wickedness overflow, that the fatal schism, the work of the
enemies of the church and of religion, may be favoured by these
impudent persons, by means of their associates, men utterly
destitute of probity, who have intruded themselves into the
government of the church, and who have never been exceeded
in audacity and crime, they have pretended to possess a power
which did not belong to them, and under the pain ofanathema
interdicted of communion with this Apostolic Seat."

The "Apostolic Seat" is evidently much moved by
these cruel proceedings, and no wonder when they in-
flict so much injury upon the "whole catholic WORLD."
We are concerned to think what the young queen, her
worCiy mother, her nobles, and her ministers, will sal
when they are characterized by such high authority as
"impudent persons," but we leave theni to fight their
own battle, wishing in all charity that it may end like
the celebrated fight in Kilkenny. His holiness then al-
ludes to Spain t

" But are you ignorant of the extent of the calamities which
have befallen the church of Chtist, from the disturbances which
have caused so much misery and distress to the kingdom of
Spain, hithel to so estimable from its religion and its respect towards
this Apostolic Seat ? On the origin of the contest in that king-
dom for the sovereignty, we proposed to ourselves, agreeably to
the custom and the principles of our ancestors, to conduct our-
selves so as not to interfere with the rights of either party. Im-
pelled by the love of peace, and also by a regard for the faithful
who iuhabit that extensive kingdom, whilst we publicly signified
our determination to the parties concerned, we expressed, at the
same time, a wish that matters might he so arranged, that the
then state of things might be preserved on both sides. But we
could obtain nothing, except on conditions altogether contrary
to our proposition, which, however, was most just. * * * *
The affairs of the church having been thrown into disorder, de.
trees began to be issued for violating its rights, confiscating its
property, harassing its ministers, and treating with contempt
the authority of the Apostolic Seat. Of this nature are the laws
by which the censorship of books was in great part withdrawn
from the bishops, and an appeal allowed from their sentence to
a lay tribunal, as also the resolution adopted to propose a gene-
ral law for the reformation of ecclesiastical affairs, and the ad-
mission of novices was prohibited in religious houses; then the
abolition of a number of monasteries, the transference of their
estates to the treasury, the monks having been withdrawn from
the different rules or guardianship to which they were subject, or
reduced to the secular state. And to these the withdrawing of
pastors from the diocesses, the expulsion of parish priests, the
dire oppression of the whole clergy, the contempt for the rights
of sacred immunity, and the interdiction to the bishops of the
power of freely appointing clergymen hereafter to holy order.
All these things, of the blackest description, which can never be
sufficiently reproved, were done boldly, the Archbishop of Nice
looking on, though he was not allowed to protect the cause of
the church and the holy chair by due expostulation, while great
offence was in the meantime given to all good men who might
have inferred the connivance, or at least the tolerance of the
Apostolic Seat from his silence.—As therefbre, such an indignity
offered to ecclesiastical affairs could no longer be endured by
the holiness of our apostolical ministry, we determined on com-
manding the venerable brother in question to quit the territory
of Spain, as was done by him some months ago. But in the
discharge of our duty according to the gravity of the affair, we
have not hesitated again and again to protest against these
wrongs done to the church and to the chair of St. Peter, and to
complain of them to those from whom reparation was to be ex-
pected. With grief, however, and reluctantly, we must say,
that the cries and the complaints of the Apostolic Voice have
availed us nothing."

The above is instructive. The Pope complains that
the government of Spain has taken the censorship of the
press out of the hands of his faithful bishops. We all,
know that literature is in a more degraded state in Spain
and Portugal than in any other part of the known world;
and, with respect to religion, it is impossible that a sin-
gle clear or comprehensive idea can be entertained with
respect to it where no discussion is allowed, and no books
are permitted to be printed or circulated but such as are,
licensed by the clergy. Now, this is popery in its true
colours! Its aim and tendency aretoleep men :in ig-
norance, and make the superstitions of ignorande profit-
able to the Church of Rome. The beauty of pure chris-
tianity is that it challenges inquiry, and defies itS'enemies
in any appeal to reason or authority. Fraudulent chris-
tianity, on the other hand, as PPP 5,0, will not tolerate
inquiry where its ministers have power to restrain it.
They will not buckledr46oo4.?,triOf reason ; they will
not allow discussion ; they !veld-not, permit the exercise
of free thoughts in open inter of The Pope
insists upon the censorial rights of his clergy. They
alone, he contends, ought to posSess the exclusive privi-
lege of deciding what shall be printed, what shall be
written, what shall be taught, what shall be read. They
have possessed and have exercised this abominable abuse
of privilege, or rather of usurpation, for centuries in
Spain and Portugal, and in most of the Italian states.
And what is the moral and intellectual condition of those
countries ? The most melancholy and degrading on the
face of the earth. The human mind is stunted in such
popish regions, .like the dwarf. trees of the desert. In
the court there is voluptuousness; in_the church idolatry,
in the confessional gross licentiousness, in the cottage de-
plorable ignorance.
It•will he said, we know, for it has been urged over
and over again, that the-tyranny of popish countries is
caused by the state •and not by t 4 church. We put
Pope Gas...6oßY into the box to prove the fallacy of this.
It is his present holiness who contests with the govern-
ment of Spain the right of the bishops to act as censors
of the press. And can any rational man have a doubt
that Pope GREGORY would not contend for the same cen-
sorial powers in Ireland if the light of protestantism were
extinguished in that island ? The sainted suckers of
Maynooth, who have been reared at the expense of Eng
land, would be ready to a man to support his holiness in
any such infamous usurpation. The Pope of Rome can
know no difference between the priests of Ireland and
the priests of Spain. In his estimation they are equally
obedient and equally dear to him. He may know by ac-
cident that the Roman catholies of Ireland are in a more
savage and depraved state than their fellow religionists
in Spain; and on this account Ireland may, perchance,
have a preference in his holiness's affections, and a few
particles less of alloy in the sincerity of his prayers;
but on other grounds the barbarous dogmas which are
binding on the one are equally binding on the other.
Spain, torn by a political convulsion, has been compelled
to resort to swindling in order to procure the sinews of
War, and in the fitful hour of her distemper she has robbed
the church, and trtade an unpardonable and unsavoury
burnt-offering of multitudes of monks ; and, as far as
this goes, tinctured though reform be by crime, Spain is
considerably in advance of Ireland on the score of civi,
litation. The former is advancing nearer the lines of
reaSoil and liberty the latter itt tettogradiFig tOtitthittitei
