t aft iflettingo.

A T a GENERAL MEETING of PROPRIETORS, Mer-
-114._ chants, Bankers, Ship-owners, Manufacturers, Traders,
and others interested in the Preservation of the wEsT INDIA
COLONIES, convened by public advertisement, and held at
the City of London Tavern, on Monday, the 27th May, 1833;

The Right Hon. the Earl of HAREWOOD in the chair :
It was, on the motion of the Viscount Combermere, seconded
by Admiral Sir Byam Martin, K. 8., and supported by
G. F. Young, Esq., M.P., una • ously resolved;
1. That the cultivation of a Sugar Colonies, and their
Maintenance as dependencies of Great Britain, have been
justily considered as objects of vast importance to the pros-
perity and power of the British empire: the shipping employed
ru that trade amounts to S5O ships, with a tonnage of 210,000
tons, exclusive of the very considerable British tonnage en-
gaged in the large andincreasing trade between the Islaas and
the British North American Colonies: the annual exports
amount to 06 millions, and the revenue on the produce im-
ported to 7 millions, while the great bulk of the net proceeds
of such produce is spent by proprietors resident in Great Bri-
tain, thereby giving immediate and extensive employment to
British industry.
It was, on the motion of Lord Colville, seconded by. Admiral
Sir Robert Stopford, K.C.8., and supported by Thomas
Fitzgerald, Esq. M.P., unanimously resolved; _ _

2. That any measures which shall have the effect of suddenly
extinguishing, or materially diminishing, the cultivation of
these colonies, will be attended with the most calamitous results
to every branch of British interests. As respects our revenue,
the enourmous rise in price consequent on the destruction of
colonies which now supply a moiety of the whole quantity of
sugar imported into Europe, would render it impossible to raise
the same duties, and thereby impose on Government the neces-
sity of substituting other taxes on an impoverished • people.
The naval power of Great Britain would be most essentially
iinpaired-; and,a4,cry large proportion of the shipping engaged
in the coloniakt' e and of the labour engaged in•manofaetures
for the colonial markets, would immediately be thrown out o
employment.

It ;vas, on the motion of Jeremiah Hannan; Esq., seconded by
Sir Charles Price, Bart., unanimously resolved;

3. That a trade which has existed for centuries, and of such
magnitude, must necessarily involve, in no inconsiderable de-
gree, the prosperity of all the other mercantile, and of the bank-
ing- and monied interests of the empire; and this Meeting. as-
sembled in the centre of British commerce, looking to the
effects which must be produced on these interests alone, cannot
contemplate without dismay the probable result of the extinc-
tion of the West India Colonies as trading communities.
It was, on the motion of Sir Michael Shaw Stewart, Bart.,

M.P., seconded by N. Bliss, Esq., unanimously resolved;
4. That this Meeting are most desirous of pressing- upon the
attention of His Majesty's Government, of Parliament, and the
public at large, that independently of planters, merchants,
manufacturers, and tradesmen obviously and directly connected
with the colonies, there is a numerous class of persons scattered
throughout Great Britain, consisting of widows, orphans, mi-
nors, annuitants and other claimants under wills and settle-
ments, who have no support for themselves and their families,
except a charge upon colonial property created on the faith of
existing laws, and who must, therefore, be reduced to beggary,'
by any ill-advised or precipitate measure of emancipation.
It was, on the motion of the Viscount St. Vincent, seconded by
Neil Malcolm, Esq. jun. unanimously resolved;
5. That this Meeting are willing to promote the success of
any well-digested measures which may lead to the extinction of
slavery, in conformity with the spirit and language of the reso-
lutions of the House cif Commons in 1823. Any measure, how-
ever, to be consistent with those resolutions must have regard
to the future as well as the present condition of the negroes;
must provide for the continued cultivation of the colonies; for
the preservation of the lives of the inhabitants; and must be
accompanied by adequate compensation to the West India pro-
prietors.
It was, on the motion of John Irving, Esq. seconded by Andrew
Colville, Esq. unanimously resolVed;
6. That the scheme of emancipation which has been promul-
gated by his Majesty's Ministers is deficient in the leading
principles which this Meeting consider essential to a wise and
just arrangement of the subject of slavery. It provides no
security for the lives of our fellow-subjects in the colonies; it
proposes to divest the owner of his property without any real
compensation—it tends to destroy colonial agriculture, by en-
tailing heavy additional expense on a cultivation already con-
fessedly depressed—it renders all outlay of capital in the West
Indies unprofitable, and thereby puts a stop to the progressive
civilization of the negroes in our ovvn colonies, while at the
same time it directly encourages the slave trade and slavery in
foreign countries.
It was, on the motion of J. Horsley Palmer, Esq., seconded by
James Lewis, Esq„ unanimously resolved;
7. That this Meeting know of no stronger title to property
than that which is derived from positive raw, and of no other
security against spoliation than a confidence that the Govern-
ment under which they live will respect those rights and inte-
rests which have grown out of the laws it has made. That the
proprietors of negro slaves possess those slaves under the sanc-
tion of British laws which enabled and especially encouraged
the people of Great Britain to convey slaves from Africa, and
to sell them to their fellow-subjects in the colonies. And this
Meeting, looking to the rights which have been thus acquired,
do solemnly protest against any measure which takes away the
property of their fellow-subjects without adequate compensation,
and which is therefore calculated to impair that confidence un-
der which the system of British commerce has been nurtured
and sustained. and to establish a precedent which niay very
shortly subject every other species of property to be dealt with
upon similar principles.
It was, on the motion of the Lord William Powlett, seconded
by Geo. Bibbed, Esq., unanimously resolved;
8. That petitions founded on the preceding resolutions be
presented to his Majesty, and to both Houses of Parliament.
(Signed) HAlt EWOOD, Chairman.
The Earl of Harewood having then left the chair, and the Vis-
count St. Vincent having taken it, it was on the motion of
John Fuller, Esq., seconded by W. R. Keith Douglas, Esq.,
unanimously resoved,.
That the best thanks of this Meeting are due to the Earl of
Harewood, for his kindness in taking the chair, and for the
dignity and ability with which his lordship has directed the
proceedings of the day.
- - - -

It was further, on the motion of the Viscount St. Vincent, se-
conded by the Earl of Harewood, unanimously resolved ;
That the warmest thanks of this Meeting are due to George
ilibbert, Esq., for his able, temperate, and unanswerable advo-
cacy of the just rights of the West India body, noipless honour-
able to his esteemed character as a man than to be admired
from his venerable and well-grounded experience, and equit-
able views at all tunes promulgated by bins fur the benefit of
every class of society.
Petitions to his Majesty, and to both houses of Parliament,
founded on the above resolutions, lie for 4ignature at Lloyd's
Coffee-house; at the Commercial Sale Rooms, Mincing-lane;
and at the Jamaica Coffee-house, Cornhill.

WARRINGTON AND NEWTON RAILWAY.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, Um the GENERAL
ANNUAL MEETING of the PRO RIETORS of the
WARRINGTON and NEWTON RA WAY will be held
at the RAILWAY OFFICE, in WART . il'ON, OH Flttn4y, the
14th day of June next, at Tweiv e' ock, for the purpose of
Electing and Appointing Directors for managing the affairs of
the Company for the ensuing yeacr,korfketxoatihneinsianigd tch,oeinapecauut:ts
of receipts and expenditure-by the Company (faring the past
year, and of -transacting any other business authorised to be
'done at such General Bleeting,
JOS. WAGSTAFF,
Dal,d db-., ,30th 2,74, I 53:3

INCORRODIBLE MINERAL TEETH FIXED,
Without itires or Ligatureg,
♦ND FILLING DECAYED 'friliTll WITH

BrONTERAL SUCCEDANEMYI,
'Without Pain, Heat, or Pressure, and
INCOIfRODIBLE. ARTIFICIAL REM
/5-ESSRs.. J. M. MALIAN, No. 46., B D-STREF7,
Liverpool, and Monsieur A. MAL N, 82, KING-
STREET, Manchester, SURGEON DEN s, (of the firm of
Malian and Sons, Great Russell-street, ootusbury, and :Half
moon-street, 'Piccadilly, London, where tlOv may be con-
sulted daily.) ardently thank their Friends and the Public, for
the distinguished supitort which they continue to receive.
Their methods of tilling decayed Teeth, without heat or pres-
sure, and of fixing- loose, natural, or artificial Teeth, without
wire or ligature, arc too extensively known, and too highly esti-
mated to require any lengthened exposition in advertisements.
The Faculty are constantly welcome to witness the applica-
tion of the MINERAL SUCCLDANEUM, Which they so universally
recommend.
Attendanceiu Liverpool and Manchester daily.
.Crarges as in
