TO CORRESPONDENTS.

•
P is right, the master is as guilty as his servant; hut the busi-
ness will very speedily be removed from that shop, which,
though chiefly supported by conservatives, is the worst den
of radicalism in Liverpnol.
We cannot undertake to return articles which are not inserted.
The Durham conservative meeting is exceedingly interesting,
and we thank our correspondent for his attention, but we
cannot make room for it.
We have been requested by. the Rev. Dr. Ralph, as a means
of conveying the information to the anonymous donor, to say
that he has received one guinea from a passenger, in the
Strathisla, to New South Wale•, signing himself A Native of
Scotland, which will bis- applied to the benevolent purpose
desired.

sbe imberpool ,Stanbarb.

TUESDAY MORNLVG, JANUARY 19, 1836.

We have received via Falmouth Jamaica papers to the
15th December. Their coltuns are chiefly occupiei by
the debates in the House of Assembly on the emigration
and police bills. Speaking of these measures, the Ja-
maica Despatch of the 14th December, says :

" The House of Assembly has made a noble provision for the
support of emigration ; and however limited our resources are
we must not hesitate to apply them towards the only measure
that will save as fine a country as the sun of heaven ever shone
upon. \Ve have already sufficient evidence that Mr. Quashia
will not work more than he likes, even with the coercion exer-
cised by the special magistrates. What, we ask, witl be the re-
sult when the abolition now ceases to have effect, and the spe-
cial magistrates become powerless? We answer idleness, de-
pravity, and every vice to which the human animal is prone to
will be the result ! The apprentice will retrogade, and, in
spite of the schoolmaster being abroad, will degenerate into the
savage—will reside in the woods—disregard every tie which
binds man to his fellow. The thefts, burglaries, and horse
stealing which have taken place since the Ist of August, 1833,
almost exceed belief; and the extreme consideration which has
too often been displayed towards the latter criminals has made.
their trade a very Iterative one. One black man is now con- ,
fined in the cage of this city for stealing three horses from a pen
in St. Elizabeth. The same black gentleman was tried some
time ago for a similar act of industry, and, having escaped, he
recommenced his trade under the belief of a similar kind feel-
ing being extended towards him. One of the animals had been
sold to another gentleman for one-fourth of its value, \Ve are,
however, happy to add that the purchaser is likely to be charged
as a receiver of stolen property, and, we sincerely trust, will be
punished with the utmost rigour of the law."
" The police bill has passed the House of Assembly like the
English mutiny act, for another twelvemonth; and, we have no
doubt, will be continued in the same manner as long as the re-
' sources of the country will be able to meet the expense. To
have passed such an enactment during the remainder of the pe-
riod of apprenticeship, would have placed a most dangerous
power in the hands ot any governor ; and we are very much
amused at the modest assurance in which the request was made.
We have seen quite enough of the acts of Lord Sligo to teach
us not to confide to his tender mercies any permanent grant of
the public money; and we hope the committee of accounts will
narrowly investigate every account of the public expenditure
for the last vear, as we have seen accounts of some of the King's
House parasites, in which charges are introduced at double the
usual rates! Every article supplied for the police should be
tendered for, and by that means, the very appearance of favour-
itism could not for a moment exist; and the public functionary
who deviates from such a rule ought to be impeached."
In the early past of the session two messages had been
sent to the house by his excellency the governor, em-
bodying letters from Lord GLEN ELG, the first on the sub-
ject of diffusing education and religious improvement
among the mass of the population. On this subject
Lo rd G LENELG says :
" Whatever objections may exist in more advanced societies
to the principles of compulsory education, they can have no
place in reference to a colony in which the great mass of the
people have just emerged from slavery, but have not yet gene-
rally acquired any acquaintance with the principles and precepts
of Christianity, and are for the most part destitute if the first
I ELEMENTS OF LEA lINING. In such a case it would be a Subsll-
tution of the name, for the substance of liberty, if we should
hold ourselves bound to acknowledge and respect among the
negroes, the freedom to choose between knowledge and igno-
rance. The boon, even if not voluntarily accepted, is yet of too
clear and inestimable advantage to the individual, and to the
society of which he is a member, not to be
_forced upon him, if
necessary, by legislative provisions."
From this it would seem that the negroes are as little
inclined to mental as they are to bodily labour; but it is
now too late to inquire whether freedom from slavery
should not have followed, instead of preceded the ac-
quirement of that degree of knowledge, in the absence
of which, the liberty given to the slave has been a curse
instead of a blessing to him.
The second letter of the noble colonial secretary sub -
mitted to the House ot Assembly, refers to the claims of
small proprietors under the emancipation act. His Lord-
ship says, that it has been represented to him " not by
any official authority,'' but " by oral statements" that
very extensive purchases of the claims of smaller propri-
etors, who in a state of ignorance and unfounded alarm,
have sold their claims r,t. a discount amounting to fifty
and even sixty per Cent. To remedy this abuse, be re-
commends the local legislature o; each colony to enact,
as the commissioners of compensation cannel resist those
claims when Properly authenticated, that. " aU sales and
