TORY AND WHIG ECONOMY CONTRASTED.
(From t4e:C4sier.cazetie.)
The wings are perpetually battling about the lavish
expenditure of the tories while in power, and the inn
mensereductions which have been effected by tifeir own
Iparty, since they came into office. This is swallov.ed
eagerly, by the multitude, who, ,unfortunately,. in „too
many instances, give full credence to such barefaced state.
1 merits, without being in the least degtee acquainted with
the' covert operations of a ministry which, while it prO-
fesses to be acting with the strictest economy, is. at the
same time, by constituting commissions of. inquiry on.
kilmost every matter connected with government, are.
placin g.therr. relatives and friends in-"useless, yet-most
literati le situations, anti thus saddling the country with
burdens. Which a tory administration would have heen
ashamed of, and which, even if .they had attempted to:
create, would have ensured their being scouted by the,
whole community. We will draw the attention of ourreaders to this subject in a- way Which inost forcibly
Look,,stlikes.the Mind : by 'contrast. nk,, for' instance, at
the year 1825, when the tories reduced the salaries. of
every officer connected with the Royal Household, hold-
ing a situation above £500; ten per cent i—superantiu-
ated pensioners in the same ratio; also. a general reduc-
thin on the household and,ciVil listamouptirig too SaV-
ing of £163,000 per annum in the.,whole ! We ask
those, who cry out.su lustily for economy, was this a re-
duction of no moment ? •
If we refer to the 'subject of Commissions of inquiry,
to which the present ministry are so muchtattached,
eause it co admirably snits their purposes of place...Mak.,
ing; to prevept them—tottering ass-they are now—from
utterly; falling; ill this particular they far excel all their
predecessors.. We find that the total expense of com-
missions of.incleirv. 'under a' tory administration, was
only-£‘l3,B,lSin 1816;' and, 'under a rank tor; govern-
Ment, in 1820, £44,527. NoW, reformer,i, lo,ok at the
picture of rare economy exhibited by your own beloved
economical rulers! What does it present? --In-1830,
the 'expenses for commis:ions of inquiry alone' was
£65,275, anclin 1836, £127;937! Added to this., in ;he
ear 1833 alone, the Whig administration created, four
hundred and twenty-three offices, with salaries amount-
ing to £124,516 sterling', '
• Here is REnuctsfo the national expenditure' with
.a
Vengeance!! But' what has this mighty .I;eforming,
placg.:making cabinet eliT..:cfed by way of REDUCING the,
expeirditure-of the country. since tile year. 1836 ?
eve ~viil orniXentimerw.e a few Of their.econetnising acts
in the maktng of new batches of idle, well-fed, and well,
paid commissioners,. They have paQsed an, act for, the
commutatiorrof tithes, which-- entails on the nation, to
maintain connnissionets, secretaries, &e., tin expense of
;C15,000 04r annum,—an act for amending the layvs- re.:
biting to tlie
,pbor, cost of commissioners, &c.,, about
X 16,000. Next comes the fareical registration act, ‘.l.
could not have been better framed to torment and per-
plex the community, and drag money out Of their pock-
etS :' to provide'for registrnnrs, &e., connected e.itin thiS
establishment, £4,009 a year is required; and in the act
of mercy, passed for tine abolition of slavery, we see
these lovers of economy taxing the country with a bur-
den of £20,000 annually, by the appointment of stipen-
diary magistrates, &c., in tine West India Islands, who,
as it has been clearly seen, insteatfof administering jus.•
tice to the slave population, and being (as was desizned)
their protectors, have in most instances proved them-
selves to be their greatest oppressors. And laFttly, we
have entailed upon us, by the reform act itself, an ex-
penditure of £14,000 per annum.
Now all this lavishing of public money is never taken
into the account by our modern reformers, though their
constant echo and stalking-horse is—REDUCTION! RE-
DUCTION ! What a hue-and-cry would have been raised
in the nation by, these self:important, and, in their' own
opinions, the only reformers, if the Duke of Wellinsston,
or Sir Robert Peel, dnring their administration, lord laid
on an addition of upwards of £22,000 in one year for
commissions of inquiry, above what the torieslnad ex-
pended for the saute object; and increased it .iii six
years afterwards—in the very teeth of an universal call
for retrenchment, while they professed to be governed by
the strictest rules of economy—to tine enormous amount
of £83,1-16 above what the tories had ever expended in
commissions. The " corrupt tories," as they are sar-
castically tailed, in fourteen years (between 1816 and
1830) made reductions amounting to £3-1,324,000. Tine
annual expenditure in the year 1816 was £58,511,716;
and in 1831 it was only £lB,47l,ol7,—being a reduction
in the government outlay of nearly FORTY MIT.LioNS !
and all this effected by the "infamous tories." And in
fifteen years (between tine years 1815 and 1830) these
" scandalous tories" abolished five thousand offices, with
salaries attached to them; amounting.to a million !
We would advise Englishmen, whether torie, whigs,
or radicals, maturely to weigh this matter, convinced,
that-if they do so attentively, they will come-to the con-
clusion, that tine present ministers are merely reformers
in profession cisd not in practice.
