IRISH CHURCH.

Mr. O'CoNNELL said that upon the motion of the la
Cambridge a return had been last night ordered of a
Ireland in which divine service accordin‘, to the forms
churches of England and Ireland has not been celebrat
three years ending the 12th of February, 1833." Nw
frequently consisted of two or more parishes in Ii
O'Connell) would move fur an amended return, by •
turn of " all the parishes in Ireland" in which divine .
celebrated within the period specified, so as to obtain
thin whith it was desirable the house should have upon
Mr. GOULBURN said, that such a return would afford
cious species of information, as in the case of two unite
tached to one benefice divine service could be only pert
of them, though the parishioners of both parishos had
attending it. As he understood the proposition.of the
night, it was that where in the instance of a benefice no
performed during the last three years, it would be in- the
tain commissioners to- suspend the appointment to such
it was for the purpose of obtaining accurate informati,
tioint that he (Mr. Goulburn) had moved for the return
ered. He did not understand the noble lord to apply hi
to liarishes.
Mr. O'CONNELL said, that the result of the two retuf
would be that they would have correct information both
formance of duty in the benefices and in the different
knew himself of one benefice which was more than twe
in extent. There were about sixty Protestants in the
extreme point of it, and in the other parish of which it
was neither a Protestant nor a Protestant church.

Lord ALTHORP said, that his proposition certainly
frees, and nut to parishes, and there could be no doubt
or three parishes were united under one benefice divir
be, as he believed was usually the case, only perfoi.
them ; therefore, it did appear to him that the return
the learned gentleman would give a fallacious view of the
might occur such extreme cases, just such as that whir.'
learned gentlelnan had mentioned, hut the return he _
would not point out such cases, while it would enumerate
which divine service had nut been performed, but the
which had full means of attending divine service in the
to them.

Mr. O'CONNELL said he would withdraw his motion for
and give a notice of it for the purpose of shaping it in
that the information which he desired should he laid bef

THR EMBARL4O.

Sir ROBERT Pext said he had meant to avail himself t.
tunity of the question fur the house resolving itself into a
of supply to make some observations upon the order in
by his Majesty to prevent British subjects trading with
authorizing the forcible detention of vessels helongim
but as he saw neither the noble secretary for Foreign A.
Attorney-Generalnor the learned civilian, the member ft
Hamlets (the last of "whom had spoken with great contid
legal and constitptional nature of the measure), in thw
would pospone Ills remarks to another opportunity, whit
would present itself on Friday. He wished it to be
that it was not his intention to enter into any discussion
to the general foreign policy of the government; he
himself to the order in council authorizing the forcible
vessels,

THE EAST INDIA COMPANY'S CHARTER.
Mr. BARING seeing the right hon. President of the 11.31.
in his place, wished to know when he thought it likely t
be able to bring the question of the East India Cor
under the consideration of the house. He ventured

the great importance of the question to every part of the k
the great interests connected with it, rendered it ni
subject of such magnitude should not be brought forw
period of the session. lie was aware that there were
tions before the house which would prevent this subject
brought forward at present • but he was desirous of e:
objection to have a subject of such vast importance broui,
at a late period of the session. The noble lord had stated
not his intention to move for the re-appointment of the
mittee, and he (Mr. Baring) must say it appeared to him that
was already in possession of sufficient information upon the
the East India question ; indeed, his objection was rather to
dance than the scantiness of evidence on the subject.

Mr. C. GRANT said that the importance of the question
the hon. member had referred could not be overrated. It 0
sent under the consideration of the government and the
directors. The introduction of the subject into the .house
would not be deferred to a late period of the session : inde,
his intention to bring it before them at no distant period
present time. Of course he could not pledge himself to
moment, but he expected it would be before Easter.
Mr. WARBURTON observed that a large portion of the
taken before the committee in the last Parliament was not
hands of members, and desired to know when it would be
Mr. C. GRANT replied that the report of the cm-
been furnished to members a fortnight since. With res,
evidence and the appendices, they were so voluminous tru
been found impossible to complete the printing of them. 1.4
ever, was not owing to any want of exertion on the part of the
for he had been indefatigable.
The house then resolved into a Committee of Supply, and a
tion for granting a supply to his Majesty was agreed. to.
The house then resumed.
USURY LAWS.
Mr. J. KENNEDY asked whether the Chancellor of the St
did not think that the question of the repeal of the usury hal
had on former occasions been brought forward by the riP
member for Manchester, might not with propriety be introdal
government measure
Lord ALTRORP answered, that it was not the intention of
to bring forward any measure for effecting an alteration of
referred to. He had never brought forward the question
though he hail frequently suppoited it when it was agita
learned gentleman, formerly a member of that house (Mr.
Onslow.)

THURSDAY.

. PRIVATE BILLS were I;oughtin--; enable the trustee: A"
Royston roads to arneud and improve them, by Mr. To w."'"
amend an act fur the better employment of the poor of a
Suffolk, by Lord HENNIKP.II—for a railway between London
min hem, by Sir Grey SKIPWITII—to amend and improve. a
Rochdale, by Lord M o LYN EUX—to repair a road in the parish o'
brook, by Mr. Rinse—to light the town of Congleton, with
Mr. WILBRAIIAN—for the better assessing and collecting ,_°l
rates in the parish of St. Giles, Camberwell, by Mr. Hawns—ti,''
castle-on-Tyne waterworks bill, by Mr. llonosoN.
PETITIONS were presented for the immediate abolition of
slavery, from a congregation of Protestant dissenters at Idle. in
shire, -by Lord Morpeih—for some legislative provision for the.„
observance of the Sabbath, from Ewell, by Sir J. R. Itsin--fro.•
tings, by Mr. P. Nor:nu—from Dumbarton, by Mr. Co LQU itoOey
Brighton, by Mr. Wins ev--at;ainst the grand jury laws, ti!b
church cess, from Ed.,, worth's-town, (Ireland,) by Mr. 1
against the duty on soap, from the soapmakers of Kilmarnock.
DUNLOP.
Major BP. tUCLE RE. presented a petition from certain indi,
complaining, as was understood, of the incarceration of the Rc
bert Taylor, on account of his religious opinions.
Mr. CORBETT took that opportunity of observing that a di.
measure of justice appeared to he dealt out to different indit,
Mr. TAYLOR was imprisoned for endeavouring to unchristiasv
country, but a petition which had been presented in favour of the
a few evenings since, had, to his great surprise, been receivedj.
something likd cheers. That petition called for a removal of'/
disqualifications under which the Jews now laboured. Such
sure would enable them to sit on the bench,—to act as justices ;
peace,—in_ short, to do every thing that Christians could 11°,
Whenever a proposition of• that nature came before the Inisj
should oppose it, as well as every other attempt to unchristianw

country.- -
Mr. Hume said he was sorry to hear the sentiments to will
hon. member for Oldham bad just given expression ; and he 4,
that his Majesty's Government would immediately take the es)
the petitioner into consideration.
Mr. O'CoNNELL thought that government would not overlon •
petition. Ile was no friend to blasphemy, but still he was of 0;
that the persecution of men on account of their religious op
was not in accordance with real christian feelings. The WO
learned gent. alluded to the case of Cathie, and observed that 01
secutions instituted against him had increasad his profits: bpi
moment that the system of prosecution was abandoned, his t 0,
blasphemy. decreased. In his opinion, the best way would
treat such individuals with silent contempt.
Lt Mr. PRYME said that, as a member of a number of mlesteiti
societies who were constantly sending out individuals to cone
the christian faith nations which had long followed other desestil
of worship, he knew not bow he could, consistently. with free,YA
opinion, punish any person who happened to argue in favour ofil
gsous principles Ouch were opposed to those generally adoPt`-i
the community.
Lord ALTHORP said that the prosecution of Taylor was not a g°‘,l
meat prosecution. He thought nothing could fie more unfair °p
christian than any attempt to put down fair argument, but .;
christianity was attacked by ribaldry and the grossest exhibition',
question assumed a different character.

AGRICULTURAL LABOVRERS.
Sir THOMAS FRRIIMANTLR moved for some returns connected
the poor laws. On which
Mr. CORBETT observed that if they would compel farmers to re
a certain number of unmarried labourers into their houses, as
used to do, much of the distress and misery of that class of Pe
would be relieved.

hear.) It was the known practice of f.
Parliament to receive the affirmation of Qui
bills, and bills of Divorce. The 22nd
gyred, went
the disabilities under which
on to enact " that in all cases, what
acts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter
oatha Is, or shall be allowed, authorized, or
_ creation of a Quaker is to be taken—in al
therein excepted." The right hou.
the pit alon,
Ar. Pease to make his affirmation at their
'LT, hear, hear.") He would not detain
,;'ikellf begged to move " That it is the o;
'B"at J. Pease Esq., is entitled to take h
, on his solemn' asseveration and declaratt
Ith taken at the table." (Loud cheering.).
e. Bout: ITOR-GENERAL said, that after havin
very closely, he had come to the clear et
tr )4/se was foil)? entitled to his seat in that h
os'e 'l.e. had that right accordino. to the coma]
;iti,m2eki bear in ilind that tßere existed
data in that house before the act of the stl
co„, ore that time land;emers took their seots
-'l4oa law of the and all acts which w
'1,'10.11 law, might, had been, and ought
QaJealousy, and in all cases ought to 1
~Whatever might have been the feeling
tieveatholics in farmer times, the loyalty o
he -I; ueeu doubted. Under all these maims
Aninio 49 and trusted that the house wool
nudeceinseioenanindfasavtoiusfraoetftothaetomsootigortat,(hseoi
I:lls'etsetilion was and
aotr then
putoaft theirfrom ftehlleowe-hsautbrj, mai
,41

Tie s LAW REFORM.
'I ~."'IcITOR-GENERAL moved for leave to
1 all,iruedy abuses iu the law. The first was al
Ira; recoveries, and to make a simple deed su
riat „" a general limitation of twenty years, and
ressession of that duration, all-claims shou
that a father should be entitled to inhe
a ~; ,Oer to his brother. The next was, that
, -4.Plt of dower, out of real property, she shou
`e`,that of which her husband died siesed, ;
uispose of by will. Lastly, that the husban;
Mx u., his
th Om wife's estate, whether she had chi
eyf she had had children by a former marria
t!1,134,i).' hall Mr. O'Connell begged to
e °ins should be made to include Ireland. I
CORPORATION REFORM.
, CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, the:
',l:ft Complaints of malversation in corporations
Complaints of
and hostilities ; so that, in cas
mischief.
(not assisted by the community) wer
ils,ellief- (hear, hear.) On the present occi
lid not propose to bring in a bill on their ow
they thought it best to submit the subject to
:Yerinnittee would not only have a laborious,
to perform ; but the advantages which wouli
course of proceeding more than counterbalanc
rlee• It was not his custom to trespass on
'Peaking, when he did not apprehend au
'ar,” and a laugh.) The inquiry into the cc
4 should be made conjointly with that into
;,.°f England and Wales, that the institution
rtes should be assimilated as much as possil
because, if the committee consisted entirely 0
there might be a feeling in it which would. re
not quite so impartial as if the committee w;
moved
of the United Kingdom. (Hear, hear
Vved for the appointment of a committee.
' 't• ArivrAN (11,istol) was amazed that, when
ad such important business pressing for the
rellnuenl, it mould nevertheless, at so early
It notice, have thought proper to charge a
oeuse with a matter ot such vast importance a
netts details as the inquiry contemplated resp
.011 Ti.
to us, 'se thought it would be better, as the get
ca much itself
tile ca„...." on upon other occasions, it it
its ov," a the reform bill, to. propose anieas.ure.
10 _ it responsibility. Ile did not consider it ri
done Vejudiced against corperations—meni
%Li it :). rarliament during a period of extreme
,r, , e elected into a tribunal to pronounce judge
.wruese eorporations.
hitt; Cisw ALD (Glasgow) moved an amendment,
was to extend the inquiries of the committe
ottliti` of leaving that kingdom to the abused and
ith -„,k111 °f a Lord Advocate. Great as might be
itarge-d'uicah the English and Welsh corporatio:
rere h, lose of Scotland were not a whit info
pett,), eY inferior to the iniquities which the hon.
14,.e41br Dublin stated to prevail in the corporatic
The ;,_ usia seconded the amendment.
Kist,;-04?uo ADVOCATE said he had prepared a me
ttaiiii, ' the Scotch municipal corporations, wt.
attorward at an earlier period and in a simpi
ti nt:'meh would emanate from the committee I
Vilot.l.Yl which was the duty of the committee for
::I),,ai.n...,intna:tis,
in
feen done in 1793 for Scotland. In I
!)r;,.,gLeat number of differently constituted and
Thee h,„nus, therefore no one measure could appl
4,- fills Was
aSncniiritllialantde,d.theThwilsioNl‘e,asiibeeffie• at! ,t
effected
nbs)t.i
qp4).`"Y its hateful operation the whole form and
lot, 4,1' elections was smitten and laid prostrate.
4 i'),,..lll,agistrates had originally been in the peoi
SelC'u ni this statute, that, to prevent turnul
to, (a laugh) were no longer to have a part in th
hem
thenceforward the existing magistrates sh;
tar successors Well, then, here was the gy
p „ 9iet remedy? Simply to abrogate that emu
rilt-oin.popular constituencies in the boroughs.
statNeet of the committee would be, first, te
ieitd 1,0 the evil—next, to provide the reined-!
;114yrillhboth those cases with respect to the Sc.
A.lll ear.)
it. hil,dment withdrawn.
Nite -`,. W. RIDLEY (Newcastle-on-Tyne), as
ie,.terciT' to denotmee a committeebefore its men
41)(. • For himself he rose, as one connecte
krte,ta,tion, to state upon behalf of that corpora
kto ;CI ready to Meet the inquiry of the lions
m'''eir ma'nagement
t'reai °'CO'NNELT. must take the opportunity of.
1:
lir,4 .110 gr to
Englandtl il er
enlao
nbadllei i
and
eoli‘rnd,
,g,
lhises.
includedexntr eemf
ecntgmtrhaoetri
et istiatmrt i;
tipiitlet because he trusted that they were no
hearl,:til 11).ahteerit, eriaq
existence
enquiry- t but
fnt determinedothweacomrpo rn
more
ati
seriousotol sc oi
nr
gr erteihetevia:
atiq,°P,e of haying these evils abated would gt
oregetturs to Ireland. The post which announ
itue,;eward-tranquillizing Ireland than the aril
rsu;il. The present condition of the Irish c
s hilment of the ingratitude of the English
4-0-'' subjects. Catholics there wer ex,clup
on,. ,
'even, ', limier the same pretence as in Scotia
spd it tumults The Stuarts gave the prod(
0:y m'iutenan't the force of law. They mad;
!4;;,,nlent alt powerful. Thus were (he Ca
ieee`l'tbeir lives and fortunes to the house
I tl ;,,Iruus the corporations, which were throw
,Afte,ug?, such as, he trusted, they would no'
Rrliii-'l:?mwellia. Ili, who fought against them.
41.. p- a few words from Sir F. BURDETT, M
Pl'enktditE, the motion was put and carried, ar

Mr ,
r NAVAL AND MILITARY SINECURI
4' n MT.
•`iumE then brought forward, in a long
(erred respecting military and naval sinj
Ptitteitilu the parliamentary proceedings
tof I
e'er` Ise then recognized by a eonnun ee, 1
Ilut au ranch of the üblic expenditure was a g
he c„ tY, and that sinecures in civil departm(
akt4ltinned. lie was against payments whel
P, tic 8. °rvices. He moved two resolutions; tl
tition'Tssity of economy ; the second, reconu
111,: gilaial and military sinecures.
izit,poL- ,-,, HANcELLoa of then EXCHEQUER sa
II " the first resolution ; but the second he
:leiite„viuus question. These offices am:lmill
he n:' " Pailiamcnt, and, therefore, the hou
ultrper to check abuse; but, eveu., as
_rt.ga.
ie I.,!ntents were in progress, particularly
We;
Os; naut-uovernors of some of the We;
eneZlTt.w„as. to be one Governor for several islai
i 14 -k.overtior at each island was
,to beza_
ths would effect a saving of £16,01) or l
' .4:l.:_,departnients, as in that of the Admiiall
,;-erable reductions, so that the sentiment
;LJ• Graham, and others, when in oppcsi
I 'nu now they were in °Rice-
i'
;:,71°"‘ WitAAA NIS addressed the house in
1 e', Peculiar circumstances. . lie had neve
:41ber of that assembly. He had been sen.
"'sent. Wear ! and laughing.) lie had u
tuents (immoderate laughter) until he we]
eat fofthe confidence they had reposed ii

ear.itets
0 r bear.
fL ~ Purliainel
itnis ~..re bills a
tirti:trnso,
iN Reitierraerd,.e)fleavinsern'e:ti
ire,
selarvita oath is,
ho ttste affirmati,
,on v"" tberei
oil :X:lllelttsion,
rtitool4llnit Air p
erfo if ~ , •
ad tb,iot„ &Lear, 1
he no;i4ber, but
no tig.ouse that
the ?lolls; on 13
aell blie oath tak
natiotuThe
~.0
torn jtd,;e , Lo
iy In3ritio iit Vet)
Cith Olonse lie,
,nt pa,akic, "1
tvrenti—th.,l gifts
he P7.he Co 1.01
it eon' that
co I:Qui
10 .t'ac
apiplie:ti 11 Nail ,
it t tat, berall •
inc seTto itt, J.
oracdpiad net ti i
irn ill fore, h ell
f the rOili , eht
tieh tto, 11, anittt 1
! had 'give ind
crate 80
,eati:tt
..-t pa
..,1 Ihe i',.
e pan' to
eozei
n for tit 71.
in sac,' b. - ue s
e/ olls
ae10,..,.- -sue ~0 ret
elf of thlexl rod t
tit° aiterwas a
in co i, 8e pc
rich as itt:iu waA,
ging tl, II
~ a brot
a Arra.- a. a ri„,
ler for out ~,SEI
itiden .id notui th
1
thoir china (lb
which cal up,
t that .
0 he 0 , at If
;ion w, 4e oti
on' th
ible it ' e bill
i
Th. "
R. ~.,' lift
Board pry cot
•ly that,, `, dim.,
=pan) rparatrill
1 to so.? e ~n:
..
he kin,:, et7t.th
neces.-,... t ~ did i
)rwara ', ; the,
re acre ' 'at coni
bjeet f ' ay toA 1)(
If eXPr. .
Libfetisrat(ott.htiretuhoe::inaoehntt
htstti:
:lerliitihe
tec,r
int:sat Icielf
ere:
e:.s
1. 100" d bee;
ad the e6e rB5 the;
howe
_A 01A n,
R : iade7 hie,
period 1., •,-,
_1711.)
self to tts sv. ' ot
or it.
of the ee, 'h art
vas not 1 oveirl
uld be P. Lhoat
comini e h
111
noun ihr, t• di.oo
;h resve_l u°g
