FROM OUR PARIS CORRESPONDENT.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD,

ue de Bone, Paris, Bth September, 1840.
DEAR STANDARD,—The children of la jeune France are
again on bad terms with the heads of the administration. No
one can assign a plausible reason for their outrageous con-
!fact, for every one of 'the ouvriers had more or less money
le his possession, so it could not have been distress that
actuated them. It is confidently asserted in some of the
Most respectable cqfe's that* these eineutes emanated from a
tieetsource, and, consequently, they calculated on carrying
y a coup de main. But I am happy to apprise you that
these racailles, who have thus disturbed the tranquillity of
the metropolis for these three days past, have all returned to
their respective workshops. Thus the foolish charivari has
terminated with hundreds of arrests.
_Yesterday, thousands of workmen perambulated the streets
Of the metropolis, in order to excite the populace to an open
revolt. These public pertnrbators directed their steps towards
the plains of Vauyirard, Mountrouge, a la Vilette, Pantin,
and finally to this abominable faubourg St. Antoine, without
the police of the Thiers adminstration stopping their dan-
gerous and diabolical progress. However, their aspect be-
came so serious, that the police thoug ht rto mak se-
veral arrests. Numerous arrests were also er
made i net:e
plains of /vri, where the workmen had assembled in great
numbers. The br—a. pArwe no tiunale had dispersed them
without any diffii ulty. The serru iers as well as the e'be-
nistes have faithfuity promise. to return to their respective
ateliers, and resume their work.
The Journal des Delete, a most influential organ in
France, complains-in severe
-ter•ms of M. Thiers' doings.He accuses the government of withholding the news Com-
modore Napier from the evening
papers,• blockading the
coasts of Syria, summoning the
gyptians to evacuate the
territory before the ratification of,
the treaty which allowed
ten days to Meliemit Ali Pacha to accept the propositions
imposed upon him by the four powers. It is rumoured here
that Napier's conduct was rash, and might consequently
cause a general war. The tar summoned the Egyptians on
the 10th of August to evacuate Syria, when the notification
Was only made on the 16th to the old viceroy of the treaty of
London : so it seems that the old diplomatist Palmerston is
blundering again. A chevalier of the legion of honour asked
Me the other night in the cafe Francais what the policy of
the whigs was? I told him that William Cobbett defined
;
tin a most clear and exquisite manner, which I repeated
to French : " Les whigs soot les libe'raux de l'Angleterre
,gua hando hors du pouvoir." The chevalier gave a hearty
'au intimated to me that Lord Palmerston's adminis-
tration was any thing but liberal ; c' est une ! he ex-
claimed. A propos, it is asserted in the political circles,
French
the pretended note addressed by Lord Palmerston to the
"ench government, through Guizot, has given great offence
to alliuce parties. They all accuse M. Thiers for having too con-
AdtlY v
re
towlied
and ')
France It u on the assurances of
beyond ord Pdoubt , ahnerston'sthat
Lord rit
-Palmerston. bamboozled M. Thiers for the purpose of
rattling time, in order to carry his views into execution. It
"n flipossible to describe the political feelings of all circles
u of all shades of opinions : all agree in making war
against the whig government. Most alarming news have
reached Paris this evening. The northern provinces,' on this
,stide ef the Rhine are presenting a most fearful aspect for
`"e tranquillity of Prussia. Sarrelouis, a small town, but
strongly fortified by V ban which has been consigned to !lie -kng of Preussia after the fall of Nris, its inhabitants,
.t-4 well as its garrison, are ruining by hundreds to Thionville,
l?,l,lace themselves under the tri-coloured flag of France—
u the environs of Sarrelouis, Sarrebruck, Sierg, and a hun-
,orled other places are on the verge of open rebellion' against
• lel Prussian government—soldiers, as well as the respective
• abitants of the above places, are flying on the French
!,:nntiers, to fight under the banners which Napoleon has left
them as a token of valour and courage. Alsace is consequently
A" the qui vine ; the first shot of a British cannon fired on
will be
to compel Mehemit Ali Pacha to evacuate Syria,
be hailed by the Alsaciens with joy, because they will
Zthen shake off their Prussian slavery. The Journal des
gbats has a splendid article on the disposition of the brave
hi ueieux. Should Commodore Napier persist in circulating
s inflammatory proclamations, war will be inevitable. It
!vas asserted at Tortoni's that the King of the brave Beies
!..I.q interceded between England and France. No such thing.
ZThiers is too high spirited to stoop to a third person to in-
ricede when the honour of France is insulted. Rely on
tleat lam asserting—war is determined on b Thiers—once
will British cannons roar before Alexandria, sy o sure Thiers
assume-a most formidable aspect. The Chambers are
to be convoked immediately, to enable Thiers to lay before
the French nation the memorandum of the treaty of London,
and to act accordingly.
at M. Thiers presided a part of Tuesday over the proceedings
the Prefecture of Police. The chief command was given
to Marshal Gerard, and the troops on the Boulevards were
under the command of General Darriule. The troops
!mounted to 50,000. The soldiers were under arms at St.
-Denis this afternoon. A report was circulated this morning
that a rescue of Prince Louis Napoleon was intended, in, consequence of which the Prince has been removed to Vin-
cennes. There were 25,000 cabinet-makers, who complained
of new furniture being sold at under prices in the auction
rooms : they intended to expel both buyers and sellers, but
Were dissuaded from doing so by the Police, who has done
in this emergency all in its power to put down madmen.
Thus ended the tragical proceedings of thousands of mad-
men, who had been put in motion without knowing for what.
Paris is tranquil again, and I am happy to say that the funds
have a little improved to-day, Tuesday. H.

HEARNE v.-STOWELL

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.
The very calamitous result of this unfortunate trial, at this
Peculiar crisis, induces me to call the attention of the pro-
testant public of the United Kingdom to the following
im-
Portant documents ; as affording the most complete refuta-
tion of the charge of libel, which has been attempted to be
thrown on that excellent champion of protestantism, the Rev.
Yugh Stowell, for the obvious purpose of diminishing the
influence of his powerful advocacy of the cause of protestant
Christianity, and his fearless exposure of the abominable
idolatry and debasing superstition of the Church of Rome.
The documents alluded to are as follows :-
Ist. —The Coronation Oath.
,ttArchbishop.—Will you to the utmost of your power main-
tt,lti the laws of God, the true profession of the gospel, and
„1,17, Protestant reformed religion established by law? And
the You maintain and preserve inviolably the settlement of
t"f United Church of England and Ireland, and the doc-
i_loe, worship, discipline, and government thereof, as by
t't established within England and Ireland, and the terri-
6°.tles thereunto belonging? And will you preserve unto the
4840P4 and energy of England and Ireland, and to the
,a,lurches there committed to their charge, all such rights
id Privileges, as by law do, or shall appertain to them, or
any f them
ling (or Queen).—Aer, THIS I promise to do.
--nd.—The Oath of supremacy, taken on admission to
Public offices, by all her Majesty's subjects, being
J members of the established protestant church
•ure do swear that I do from my heart abhor, detest,. and ab-
a. • •
th_, unplous and p heretical, that DAMNABLE DOCTRINE
rinces excommunicated or deprived by the pope or any
;7ottiority of the See of Rome, may be deposed or murthered
%their subjects, or any other whatsoever. And I do de-
that no foreign prince, person, prelate, state or poten-
hath, or ought to have any jurisdiction, power, supe-
witrity, pre-eminence or authority, ecclesiastical or spiritual,
hiu this realm.—So help me God.
3rd.—The Oath required to be taken by every clergyman
of the Church of England, at the time of hi* ordina-
,.e tion to the ministry.
I3ishop.—Will you be ready with all faithful diligence
.0 banish and drive away all erroneous and strange doctrines
t°7!traril to God's holy word; and to use both public and
f,;;ivate monitions and exhortations, as well to the sick as to
• e Whole within your cures, as need shall require, and occa-
lon shall be given ?
Answer.-1 WILL, the Lord being my helper.
p, sir, let me fearlessly ask, can any honest rational
!Ilan for one moment assert, after reading these most import
documents, (so happily framed by our protestant fore-
t liars, in better times, for the protection of the true pro-
estant faith !) that the rev. defendant, after the fact of the
laPerstitious cruelty impos on 'Hara had been made
a°wn to him in the authentic form which appeared in the
proceedings, could do othrwise, in of his obliga-
tion to the Most High, ase well as indisciarge of his duty as
a rninlster of the gospel of truth, than to raise his voice
against the abomination, and to proclaim it from the house
t°,.Ps and in every place where his influence would reach, to
B"ew to the protestant public at least, the degrading bondage
of that popish church, which is again attempting by every
artifice in its power, to recover its dominion within this pro-
stant realm ? It is true that had Mr. Stowell omitted the
;tame of the plaintiff, he might have secured himself from the
legal responsibility to which he has been exposed ; but, sir,
he is too honest and unflinching a soldier of the cross, to re-
sort to such paltry subterfuges to evade the law. Ile be-
lieved he was speaking the truth, and he gave the account
Just as he received it in the honesty of his heart, without any
evasion or mental reservation, in order that the plaintiff, if
it were not true, might have the opportunity of contradicting
it. Did he do so on the'trial ? Or did he attempt to prove
that such a penance, as that stated to have been imposed by
him on O'Hara, has not the sanction and authority of the
Church of Rome, of which he is an officiating priest? Never!
Not one of his witnesses ventured to make any such asser-
tion in the jury box—and if it were capable of proof, why
was not the question boldly put to them by the plaintiff's
Counsel ? Neither has the plaintiff proved that he did not
Order it! The poor bigotted devotee O'Hara himself, it is
said, became (very conveniently) insane and was shut up in
a InlloliC asylum, before the trial of the cause : so that the
Ylaintiff was happily relieved from recording his evidence on
the subject, and the defendant was of consequence, deprived
of it, either on original, or cross-examination.
Assuming, then, as I have a right to assume, in the ab-
sence of any evidence to the contrary, that the penance in
tinestion is part of the discipline of the 'Church of Rome, it
was no libel on the plaintiff, as a priest of that church, to
say that he had ordered it to be inflicted; in fact, in the
Popish districts of Ireland it is notoriously common, as every
fiery dalividual of the lower orders of Roman Catholic Irishmen
well knows.
With regard to the malice, technically charged to Mr.
l'!(1well by the declaration in the cause, the learned judge,
71„ Ore whom the action was brought, distinctly acquitted
I„—'4_, of any tntentional malice ; at the same time that his
;roship stated to the jury that in all cases of libel malice
tha's iMplied. Had his lordship stopped here, the jury would
,len have had to decide whether what the plaintiff had said
ilgAt a libel, before the implied malice could have attached to
1 defendant. Thus both the law and fact would have been
We't with theof jur
bo ty
h ,
Bu who, t
in
the cases
learned of lib
judgeel, arunfortunately
made by the
? judges .
pet One step farther. He pronounced the article coin-
Ofd of to be a libel, and then the implied malice followed
bote°llrse so that neither of these facts was left to the jury,
to -I,°°lY the amount damages to which the defendant was
*hue liable for this act of implied malice towards a man
I understand, is scarcely personally known to
b 5 113' Is reported, however, that this part of the subject is to
set brought before the superior court, I trust it will yet be
jn .r.iight, should it appear that the learned judge was wrong
e view which he took of it.
co,,now come, in conclusion, to consider the conduct of the
No"tel,for the defendant on this momentous trial—most
die Merkoas as regards the continuance of the liberty of free
tiorTsloon in support of our protestant religion and institu-
to h • And here I cannot but lament what appears to me
couriaVe been the very indiscreet exercise, by the defendant's
Nth "I, of that discretion which was committed to him, in
restert to calling witnesses in his behalf. It is said that he
trust on the ground that no libel had been proved, and I
but, trist, in the result, it will appear that he was right ;
objeeprestlraing that he was so, why did he not reserve that
witting to then make " security doubly sure" by
ng to the jury the three important documents at the

head of this letter, in justification of the defendant's con-
duct; and then calling, first, the.several important witnesses
who were in attendance (one formerly a Roman Catholic
priest) to prove that such penances as that mentioned in the
alleged libel are not only sanctioned by the Church of Rome,
but commonly practised in Ireland and other Roman Catho-
lic countries ; and then, the three policemen, who supplied
Mr.' Stowell with the information as to the actual infliction
of the penance on O'Hara, in order to satisfy the jury, at
all events, that the statement was not altogether a fabrica-
tion of the defendant's ; which, for anything that appeared
at the trial, from the want of this evidence, the jury might
very possibly have inferred : whereas, had this evidence been
laid before them, it could not have failed to remove from
their minds all idea of libel, or malice, on the part of the
defendant, and the verdict must consequently have been in
F.is favour! A new trial, under the order of the Court of
Queen's Bench, will yet, it is confidently hoped; produce
this desirable and proper result

FIAT JUSTITIA

P.S.—I have purposely passed over the learned judge's
observations, at the beginning of his summing up, as to the
equality in the eye of the law of the religions of the Church
of Rome, and dissenters, with that of the established church.
A reference to the statute-book, especially the laws against
popery, would seem to militate against this- broad assertion.
however correct it may be as applied to the legal rights of
individuals professing any of those creeds.

HEARNE v. STOWELL.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

SlR,—Allow me respectfully to suggest your stereotyping
the following question and answer, so that you may afford
your correspondents occasional opportunities for " jogging
the memories" of the non-mi-recordo priests who figured at
the recent trial :
Counsel : " Are there not many instances where persons
who inflicted penance on themselves have been held by your
church as objects of admiration? "—Priest Crook, senior of
St. Augustine's, Manchester : " That is a matter of ecclesi-
astical history upon which all men may form whatever opi-
nion they please. I know of no such instances."
It may not he amiss to state here, that the Roman Bre-
viary, from which were made the extracts that appeared in
the London Standard of last week, and which were copied
into your journal of Tuesday last, is not only a work of the
highest authority in the popish church, but also one out of
which every Romish priest—not even excepting Mr. Crook
himself—is obliged to read a considerable portion every day
throughout the year. It has just occurred to me that it
would be doing no small injustice to the " beatified me-
mory of Sant:Rosa, to limit her to the brief space allotted
to her in your crowded columns of Tuesday's publication.
I would, therefore, on the present occasion, volunteer my
humble services in the way of 'asserting her just claims to
" admiration " in the records of the' Vatican, as well as ber
right to that exalted position which she, now occupies—viz,
a canonised saint, with her festival and office for the 30th of
August,—by furnishing an extract from the bull of her Ca-
nonization, detailing her austerities, &c., headed thus :
" SANTA ROSA. CLEMENT X. An. Dom. 1673.

" Codex constitutionum, quas summi pontifices ediderunt
in solemni Canonizatione Sanctorum a Johanne 15, ad
Benedictum 13, sive ab An. Dom. 993, usque ad A. D.
1729. Accurante Justo Fontanino, Archiepiscopo An-
cyrano. Rome. 1729. Ex typographia Reverend Ca-
mem Apostolicte.
. . .

" She changed the stones mid crosses—with which, when
going to prayer in her childhood, and as yet ignorant of the
use of whigs, she was loaded by her maid Marianne, who
was almost the only person conscious of her mortifications—
into iron chains, which she prepared as scourges, with which,
after the example of St. Dominick, every night she offered
herself a bloody victim to God to avert his just anger, even
to the copious effusion of streams of blood, either for the
sorrows of the holy church, or for the necessities of the
endangered kingdom or of the city of Lima, or for
compensating the wrongs of sinners, or for making an
expiation for the souls of the dead, or for obtaining
divine aid for those who were in their last agonies ;
the servants being sometimes horror-struck at such dread-
ful blows of the chains ; and when the use of these was for-
bidden to her, she privately encircled her waist with one
of them, bound thrice round her, so that it never was ap-
parent that she wore it, except when she was under the tor-
tures of the sciatica, which chain was afterwards loosened
only by a miracle, and its links, after the virgin's death, were
found to emit a wondrous and indescribably sweet odour.
Lest any part of her innocent body should be free from Suf-
fering, she tortured her arms and limbs with penal chains,
and stuffed her breast and sides with handfulls of nettles and
small briars. She afterwards increased the sharpness of the
hair-cloth, which reached from her neck beneath her knees,
by needles mixed up with it, which she used for many years,
until she was ordered to put it off, on account of the frequent
vomiting of blood. When she laid aside this punishment,
she substituted another garment less injurious to her health,
but no less troublesome, for beneath it, every movement was
painful to her. Her feet only were free from these suffer-
ings, which either by hitting them with stones, or by burn-
ing of an oven, she did not suffer to be free from torture.
" She fixed upon her head a tin crown, with sharp little
nails in it, and for some years never put it on without re-
ceiving wounds ; when she grew older, this was replaced by
one which was armed with ninety nine points.
" She desired the hardness of her bed to be such that it
should rather drive away than invite sleep, so that when
about to sleep, the same should be both a bed to her and an
instrument of torture. Her pillow was either an unpolished
trunk, or stones concealed for this purpose, which bed she
afterwards so filled with sharp pieces of tiles, and triangular
pieces of broken jugs, that the sharp points of each should
be turned to her body, nor did she try to sleep until she had
embittered her mouth with a draught of gall.
" Near the time of her death, Rosa, throughout Lent,
alternately sang the Canticles and praises of. God every day
for a whole hour, with a melodious bird, in so orderly a man-
ner, that when the bird sang the virgin was silent, and when
the virgin sang, the bird, who was most attentive, ceased to
sing. She invited, moreover, the inanimate plants, after an
unheard of fashion, to praise and to pray to God, pro-
nouncing
budon thes Earth
o
T
opt heTHE
verse, Bless the Lord, all ye things which
' and
TREESshTOUCHED u
e so visibly persuadedT E
EARTH,a
them, that
THE
if
adoring their Creator with a solemn veneration."
But as Father Crook, in all probability, was not ' senior of
St. Augustine's, Manchester, in the, days of Pope Clement
X,' ie, an. dom. 1663,—and, moreover, as the above
aus-
terities'—or self-inflictions are only ".matters of ecclesiasti-
xal history" (especially popish.priests—as convenience sug-
gests) " may form whatever opfhion'th'ey 131ease,'"—I am the
more anxious, for the good of your readers—as well as being
influenced by a desire to " stir up the pure mind" of the
aforesaid priest, to draw attention to an event which took
place at Rome so recently as 1830.
The occurrence, to which I allude is that of the canoniza-
of Alphonso Maria of Liguria, which, although it did not ac-
tually take place until 1830—yet, the testing of the witnesses
as to his self-inflictions, &c. had commenced so far back as
1806. Tie following is the title of the work from which I
extract:—

" Sacra Rituum Congregatione, emo. et Rmo. Domino Car-
dinali Canacciolo relatore, beatificationis et Canonizationis,
Ven. Servi Dei Alphonsi Maria de Ligorio, fundatoris servi.
Redemptoris, ac olim Episeopi S. Agatha.—Romoe, 1806.
Apud Lazarinium, Rev. Cam. Apos. typographum."
' The summary of his [Liguria's] virtues.
" Witness,—The admirable and Reverend Father Dominick
Corsano, Missionary of the Most Holy Redeemer, and Con-
fessor of the venerable servant of God."
" I know for a certainty, that this servant of God con-
stantly scourged himself unbloodily and bloodily. And be-
sides the unbloody scourgings enjoined by his rule, he was
wont to punish himself every day in the morning before the
usual hour of rising, and in the evening after the signal for
repose. On Saturdays he scourged himself till the blood
flowed, and these scourgings were so violent, and caused so
much blood to gush from his limbs, that not only was his
linen always covered with it, but you might even see the
walls of his small room stained, and even books which he
kept in it were sprinkled with it.
Also from what I have seen with my own eyes, and have
heard declared by certain fathers who are worthy of credit,
I know that this servant of God macerated his body, also,
with hair cloth with sharp points in it, and with chains as
well on the arms as on the legs, which he carried with him
till dinner-time, and these for the most part were so armed
with sharp points, that they filled with horror all who ever
saw them. I have heard say, also, that he had a dress filled
with a coat of mail with iron points ; that he had bandages of
camel's hair ; and other instruments of penance were casually
seen by me, and by others of my companions, notwithstand-
ing his zealous and circumspect secrecy. Of a similar kind
was his extreme mortification in sleeping upon two planks
covered with a sack with a little straw in it, so that it ap-
peared a hard stone. I frequently also heard say, that he
slept during his few hours with a large stone hung on and
tied to his feet.

I well remember that he never shaved himself, when he was
with us, with a razor, but only by little and little he did it
with pincers, and he caused his assistant friar to make his
clerical crown with the same pincers."
I will bring my letter to a close by a quotation from the
breviary—a quotation which ought to be especially precious
to the Irish portion of the non mi recordo witnesses.
S. Patritius. Breviarium Romanum ; die xvii. Martii.
Dublinii, in typogr. H. Fitzpatrick, Typogr. and Bibliop.
R. C. Col. Maynooth, MDCCCVIII.
" They say that he (St. Patrick) was wont to repeat daily
the whole psalter, together with the canticles, and two hun-
dred hymns and prayers, three hundred times on each day
to worship God upon his knees, and in each canonical hour
of the day to sign himself one hundred times with the sign of
the cross. Dividing the night into three portions, he spent
the first in running through one hundred psalms, and in two
hundred genuflections; the second in running through the
other fifty psalms, immersed in cold water, and with his
heart, eyes, and hands raised to Heaven ; he yielded the third
part to a short sleep upon a hard stone.
Apologising for the length of this communication, and
pledging myself to furnish you in my next some more speci-
mens of the " acts and monuments" of the canonised saints
of the Romish breviary, I am, yours faithfully, P.
St. Helen's, 10th Sept. 1840.

ROYAL CHESHIRE MILITIA.--The lord lieutenant of the
county has signed a commission, appointing the Hon. Hugh
Cholmondeley, M.P. eldest son of Lord Delamere, colonel
of this regiment, vice Parker deceased.

DEATH BY DROWNING.—An inquisition was yesterday
held, before Henry Heathcote Statham, Esq., deputy-coro-
ner, (in the absence of Mr. Curry,) on view of, the body of
John Ball, who was drowned, on Tuesday night, in the gut
of the Waterloo Dock. George Tarbuck, master of the flat
John and Mary, said that the deceased was one of his men,
and that about half-past eight o'clock on Tuesday night,
while they were hauling the flat out of the Waterloo Dock by
the basin gates, he was employed to fend off the vessel from
the wall, and while in the act of doing so, assisted by the
witness, with his back against the wall, he (the deceased) fell
overboard. The flat was newly tarred with coal tar, and the
deceased had his feet against her side. He told witness to go
to the windlass and heave in the slack of the line. He went
to do so, and immediately heard the deceased fall overboard.
He took a boathook, and got hold of deceased's cap, thinking
it was him, but let it go again. He then put the boathook
dm4n, feeling along the wall with it, but could find nothing
of him. The deceased had not hold of anything with his
hands while he was feuding the flat off. An alarm was given,
and search made for the deceased, but in vain. On the af-
ternoon of Wednesday the search was resumed, and after
three hours and a half's exertion, his body was found. It
was identified by his father, Thomas Ball, an elderly man,
who is employed in hauling flats on the river Weaver. The
coroner, and several of the jury, remarked on the careless
practice of men pushing off flats with their backs against the
quay wall, and not having hold of anything, so that if the
vessel pays off quickly they cannot possibly save themselves
from falling into the water. The jury returned a verdict of
" Accidental death." The deceased was twenty-two years
of. age.

SHOCKING OCCUARENCE. —The Blackburn Standard
gives a long account of a disorderly woman named Mary Ann
Hanby., having thrown herself, on Tuesday night, from the
window of the police-office, a height of ten yards. She
threw herself head-foremost, and alighted upon her head in
the street, just outside the kennel. It seems wonderful that
she was not killed upon the spot : however, upon being
picked up by one of the policemen it was found that she
still lived. She was taken into the office and medical assis-
tance immediately sent for. The left side of her skull was
nearly bared, the scalp hanging from itin a most hideous
manner. On other parts •of the body there were slight
bruises, but no limbs were broken, neither were the injuries
on any part, except the head, of serious moment. Of course
the utmost attention that :medical skill could prompt, was
paid to the patient, but fears ate entertained that death will
be the result of this sad disaster.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE..-TUESDAY,

DARING STREET ROBBERY,

John Wade, a strongly built young ;;;;,;as charged with
having robbed Mr. James Aslett, a tobacconist, of Manches-
ter-street.
Mr. Aslett stated, that about half-past eleven o'clock on
Monday night, he was sitting upon some steps next door but
one to his own shop, waiting for his wife to return home. He
saw the prisoner and another man walking arm in arm from
Dale-street. When they came opposite to witness they stop-
ped, and without a word having passed they seized him, and
rifled his waistcoat pocksts. They took out a shilling or
eighteenpence. He was. sure he had a shilling, as he had felt
it a few minutes before. He asked the men what they were
about, upon which one of them struck him on the eye. They
ran away, and witness pursued them, calling for help. The
prisoner's companion endeavoured to trip witness. He con-
tinued the pursuit, and at length jumped upon the prisoner's
back, and got him down. He placed his knee upon the pri-
soner's breast, and kept him down till police•officer Rees
Davies came up to his assistance. The prisoner was taken
into custody. Witness examined his waistcoat pocket, and
missed (he was certain) a shilling.
Police.officer Rees Davies stated, that between eleven and
twelve o'clock on Monday night, he was on duty in Dale-
street, when he heard a cry for help. He ran to Manchester-
street, when he found the prisoner on his back, and Mr. As-
lett kneeling upon him. Mr. Aslett told him that the prisoner
and another man had robbed him. He took the prisoner to
bridewell, when he was searched, and twelve or fourteen
shillings found upon him. He was very violent, and struck
and abused the officer very much.
The prisoner having been cautioned in the usual manner
said, he was sorry for what had occurred, but he was very
drunk. The complainant was sitting upon some steps in
Manchester-street with his legs stretched out. He (the pri-
soner) tripped over him, and the complainant immediately
pushed him into the channel, upon which, he (the prisoner)
struck him. He had money of his own, and never thought of
such a thing as robbery.
The prisoner was committed for trial.
