A CHRONOLOGICAL AND STATISTICAL TABLE
WOR.THE YEAR 1838.

• JANUARY
1 News arrives of the defeat of the Canadian rebels, and
the occupation of, St. Denis by the British troops under Col.
Gore, on the 2d tat.
4 A meeting of London Democrats takes place at the
Crown and Anchor Tavern, in order to sympathise with and
encourage the Canadian insurgents.
5 The official tables of the revenue for the years and
quarters ending January 5, 1837 and 1838, show a deficiency
of £1,900,353, as compared with last year, and an increase
of £213,173 upon the quarter.
Accounts arrive of the defeat, on the 7th December last,
of the insurgents, -who, in the absence of the troops in Lower
Ciinada, had menaced Toronto.
The metropolis is visited by an unusually dense fog,
during which many serious accidents occur.
A proclamation is issued by the President of the United
States, warning all persons not to render any assistance, by
arms-or otherwise, to the insurgents who had entrenched
themselves on Navy Island.
7 The rebels,•under Sutherland, capture and take up a
position on Bois Blanc Island.
8 The President of the United States communicates to
the Senate and House of Representatives information of the
destruction of the steam-boat Caroline, by the British Cana-
dian, on the 29th December last.
10'Destruction by fire of the London Royal Exchange.
11 Trial of• the cotton-spinners before the High Court of
Justiciary in, Scotland, on a charge of illegal combination,
assault; and murder; when, being found guilty, after a
lengthened trial, of the minor offences, they are sentenced
to seven years' transportation.
13' Death of the Earl of Eldon, in the 87th year of his age.
The noble earl.had.filled the office of lord chancellor, with a
slight intermission, for a period of 25 years.
Intelligence is received of the destruction by fire, on
the 29th Dec, last, of the imperial 'Winter Palace of St. Pe-
tersburg. .
Navigation on the. Thames is impeded in consequence
of the immense quantity of floating ice.
14' The insurgents on Navy Island break up their encamp-
ment, their supplies being cut off by Gen. Scott, commander
of the American forges at Buffalo.
15 Death 'orMre. ' Blend; the celebrated ballad-singer, in
the 73d year of her age.' '
The Italian Opera Housee'at Paris, is destroyed by fire,
and M:Severini4 tlenaeting manager, killed, in endeavouring
to escape freinisifivindwe
Sir Frauds Readsatsaouoces to the legislative council
of Upper Gesdaditt, rhisoresiguatien of the office of lieutenant-
governor. /Intl, ilea
16 Lords-3:4s ‘Bassiell brings the affairs of Canada under
the consideration -of, the hodse, and Moves au addeeee to her
Majesty expressing the determination of the house to support
her Majesty in her efforts for the suppression of revolt and
the restoration of tranquillity. The address is agreed to by
a majority, ef, 160, there being for the adjournment 28;
against it
The Earl Of 'Durham is appointed Governor-General of
the NortlOreeriean provinces, and High Commissioner for
the adjustrisent tif 'the affairs of Low* and Upper Canada.
17 Lord John'ltasSell introduces, in the House of Com-
mon*, a Bfltler'Stitipencling the House of Assembly of Lower
Canada. ":!• • -
18 Thelfintise of Lords, on the motion of Load Glenelg,
agrees to tit address to her Majesty, similar in purport to that
which hacPbeen moved in the House of Commons. On this
occasion the Earl of Durham declares his intended course of
government in Canada.
20 Mr.- O'Connell is hooted at the Corn Exchange,
Dublin, 'at a -meeting of the trades unionists, his former
supporters..
22 )Ir, Rolnick argues, at the bar of the House of Com-
mons, on behalf of the House of Assembly of Lower Canada,
against the bill for the government of that province. The
bill is read a second time, and on the motion that it be com-
mitted a debate ensues, which is adjourned.
23 The 'adjourned debate having concluded, the house de-
vides orellie 'Motion for going into committee on the Canada
Governs:o'bl Bill, when there appears for the committee 262,
for the atiendnient 16—majority 246.
25 Tlie- Thames being frozen over a sheep is roasted whole
on the ice at Hammersmith.
26 Deitraction by fire of the palace of Prince Alexander
of Wirtentlierg, at Gotha.
29 TeeCanade 'Government Bill is read a third time in
the House of Commons and passed, there being for the third
reading' HO, against it B—majority 102.
Mr. O'Connell, to ensure his personal safety, is escorted
in the streets of Dublin by a party of police.
FEBRUARY
2 The Canada Government Bill is read a second time in
the•llnese of Lords.
Marriage of 1)on Carlos by proxy, at Salsbourg, to his
niece the Princess de Beira.
5 Mr. Roebuck is heard at the bar of the House of Lords
against the Canada Government Bill. The bill is committed.
A bill for the relief of the poor in Ireland is read a
second time in the House of Commons.
8 The Canada Government Bill is read a third time in
the House of Lords and passed.
9 A meeting is held at LoOdon for the purpose of forming
a Central Anti-poor Law Association.
10 -The royal assent is given by commission to the Lower
Canada. Government Bill.
12,A treaty is concluded between France and Hayti, by
which France recognises the independence of the public of
Hayti. . .
Watson, who had been indicted with Thistiewood and
others for. high treason, andacquitted, died at New York,
aged 72.
13, In consequence of a motion of Mr. Wakley, relative to
the Aril of the Glasgow cotton spinners, the House of Com-
mons !appoint e a select committee to inquire into combinations
aindugst workmen throughout the kingdom.
Public Meetings of the female inhabitents of Elland, in
the county of-York, at which an address to the Queen, against
the new poor law, is agreed to.
15 Mt.'•Grote brings forward his annual motion for the
adopti'oti. of the ballot, which is lost by a majority of 117,
there being 198 for, and 315 against it.
17 275 emigrants, on their way to form a settlement in the
vielisleeoof Cape Natal are attacked and destroyed by the
la oeenerp .c layer MT I vriz,.......,....,.......... .__
of the Carlist General Jura, at Y ehennes.' •
20 'it great meeting takes place at the Freemasuns' Tavern,
when resolutions are agreed to fur the formation of a Central
Atilt Poor Law Association.
-re.-Lerd Brougham submits resolutions to the House of
Leeds for the adoption of measures for the immediate aboli-
ticier,of slavery. The resolutions are opposed by Lord Glenelg
sel,soleeoves a counter address, which is carried.
osenifeethe House of Commons Mr. Fielden moves for leave
toedentsg,jaen bill to repeal the Poor Law Amendment Act.
TAR,lessuserAivides, when there appears—for the motion 17,
11,934111ttA3095-,-majority 292.
grilstoultlic dinner is given to Mr. O'Connell, who in the
e ,eit his speech ou the occasion, characterises the elec.
tlgesecptwittee, which decide agains'. his nominees, as con-
atatenajg. tory. prej ti rers.
24 Mr.Cilley, a member of congress, is shot in a duel with
. time!, of Kentucky, after the third shot from a rifle at
tget of' $0 paces.
-,,, ''S'enteCanadian insurgents take possession of an island
i§)t
illti.:Pettoit river; but being dislodged by the British bat-
ft s',-°crhis to the American shore, and disperse.
26_ Lord Maidstone brings Mr. O'Connell's attack on the
*ter election committee under the notice of the house, and
tseltWeit that the him. member be repreinanded. After a
Rstigthened discussion, in the course of which several mem-
45ere reiterate Mr. O'Connell's expressions, the debate is ad-
• jnerned,
.-, 27 -A further discussion takes place on Lord Maidstone's
Nefetieln, and Mr, O'Connell is ordered to attend in his place
/elm reprimanded.
, - 28 Mr. O'Connell is reprimanded in his place by the
4isereeker, and in reply repeats his assertions, of which no no
1, kite is taken.
14

MARCH

e 1 A party of Canadian insurgents cross the frontier, near
Alburgh, to attack the British possessions, but on learning
that a force is marching against them, they recross; and lay
down their arms.
. 2 Lord Teignmouth is elected member for Marylebone by
a majority of upwards of 400.
. A jetatchment of British troops, tinder Col. Maitland,
.attack and disperse a body, of " patriots" who had taken pos.
• session of Point Pelle Island.
e... 4 Saragossa is attacked and partly occupied by the Cur-
se lists under Cahenera, but after some fighting the Carlists
le:again abandon the possession they had taken.
daft Her Majesty's schooner Pincher, foundered at sea off
eiLititle.Hampton, and all on board perished
sift Lord Borough= moves a resolution, condemnatory of
.a toe order in council, extending the period of apprenticeship of
a:Olaf:Hewers imported from India to Guiana, from three to five
fe'eyears. The motion is negatived by a majority of 42, there
being 14 for, and 56 against the resolution.
Sir William Molesworth, in the House of Commons,
,moves a resolution, declaring a want of confidence in the
es: secretary of state. for the coloniee, on the part of the house
ee and the country. Lord Sandon moves an amendment., con-
e dernnatory of (he whole of her Majesty's ministers. After a
;`..• lengthened debate an adjourinnent is agreed to.
A fire breaks uut in the chambers of Mr. Manic in the
41),1 Temple, and destroys great part of Paper-buildings.
In consequence of the irruption of the Carlists into
Saragossa, an insurrectionary movement of the populace takes
in the cot rse of a ilia General Estella, the governor, is
shot:
7 Sir Wm. Mnlesworth having withdrawn his motion, a
division takes place on LordSandon's amendment, when there
-" appears'for the amendment 287; against it 316—majority in
favour of ministers 29.
An' • 8 The Parliamentary Electors' Bill is thrown out by the
House of Lords, there being for the bill, 82, against it 147
tstejotity against the bill 65.
I/ The Canadian patriot, Sutherland, having been captured
/2! and firelight into Toronto, attempts suicide.
413 The Abolition of Slavery Act Amendment Bill is read
tit second time in the House of Lords.
Sir Geo. De Lacy Evans, with a view of retrieving the
e. 71 "elltrreCter of the British legion, moves in the House of Corn-
V,'" iniens for copies of any documentss sent by the Spanish go-
vernment, expressive of an opinion, favourable or otherwise,
of the services of the legion. The motion, after much coin-
."' tient 'on the disasters of the bucaneering expedition, is
- agreed to;
b--ee The battalion of the arsenal, haying revolted against the
us" eanthority of the Queen of Portugal, in order to enforce a
7110,d 3 'thaurko of ministry, is attacked by her Majesty's troops, and
—"ta4ftetesernit sharp firing in the streets of Lisbon, the mutineers
I"?l`Julittee compelled to retreat.
-antes 5'.:..; .-William Phelps, alias "Brighton Bill," is killed in a
Tilizi.hfight with Owen Swift at Melbourne heath, Cambridgeshire.
A'tdirineris jury subsequently return a verdict of " Man-
Xs4.loealettgliter" against Owen Swift and seconds engaged on either
Lan ,riteetefe.
-`3`1,,1 elet• Roach and Fletcher are executed at Hertford for the
~01'''7"Intitder of an old pensioner, named Bennett.
• A great meeting takes place at Exeter Hall during this
4"lvi. and the following day, for the purpose of enforcing on the at-
' teatime of government the necessity of adopting measures for
es. the immediate emancipation of the negroes.
15 Mr. Villiers moves fora committee of the whole house,
le •
. to consider of the Act 9 Geo. IV., cap. 60, relating to the im-
tie portatiou of corn. The house divides, when there appeared,
,s, for the motion 95, against it 3(X)—majority 205.
The new Carlist expedition, under General Negri,
stews. crosses the Ebro by the bridge of Arenas, and proceeds to the
0. I interior of Castile.
...see se 16 Five persons are killed by the explosion of the boiler
0411 TE on board the Victoria, Hull steam-packet, during an experi-
seite . mental trip in Erith Reach.
Na It; 18 The town of Pusth, in Hungary, is partially destroyed by
.e. an inundation of the Danube.
19 A bill for the immediate abolition of slavery, intro-
duced by Lord Brougham, is read a first time in the House
of Lords.
20 Earl Stanhope moves in the House of Lords, for a state-
tnent of the petitions presented during the last session of par-
liament on the subject of the new poor law specifying the
numbers and description of the petitioners. After a lengthened
debate on the working of the new poor law, the motion is
negatived without a division.
—Col. Seale moves a resolution that bonded foreign corn
should be allowed to be ground for exportation. The house
divides when there appears, for the motion 127, against it, 92
—majority 35.
Another irruption of water takes place in the Thames
Tunnel, but unaccompanied by loss of life.
21 Death of the Earl of Dalbouse, in the 68th year of his
age.
22 Mr. Ward brings under the notice of the House of
Commons the act of the East Indian Legislative Council,
commonly called " The Black Act," and moves for a com-
mittee ou the subject. After a debate the motion is withdrawn.
A conservative festival is held at the Coiesseuin in the
Regent's Park, to celebrate theelection of Lord Teignmouth
as one of the members for Marylebone.
