DREADFUL ATTEMPT Al' MURDER AND SUICI

AT HAMMERSMITH.
Between ten and elven o'clock on Friday night consider-
able alarm was excited among the inhabitants of St. Alban 's-
place, Hammersmith, by a young man, named Charles fteY", •
colds, discharging a pistol at the head of a female, name";
Sarah Parry, between nineteen and twenty years of age, and
afterwards attempting to destroy himself by the same means.--
The following are, we believe, correctparticulars of the tragedy:
—lt appears that Reynolds and the female Parry lived together
in the family of Dr. Wetherell, at Hampstead, the former as
footman, and the latter as housemaid. It was shortly observed
that they became attached to each other, and as nothing impro-
per was expected to result from the attention which Reynolds
exhibited towards the young woman, we believe the family placed
no obstacle iristheir way, but allowed them to continue their
courtship. Seieral mouths rolled on in this manner; at length
there appeared considerable anxiety and agitation in both par-
ties, but the actual cause could not be devised ; it, however, elided
iu the discharge of Reynolds and Parry, about six weeks since,
from Dr. Wetherell's service. The female then went to resido
at her sister's, Mrs. Davis, No. 2, St. Alban's-place, Hammer-
smith, and the young man at‘No. 2, Norfolk-street, Islington-
That they occasionally
.met each other subsequently to their
leaving their situations is beyond question, and their repeated
interviews evidently tended, from some cause which preyed upon
both their minds;, to hasten the melancholy transaction which
we are now about to record. On Friday Reynolds visited
Hammersmith, and was observed by Mrs. Davis to be exceed-
ingly dejected. He paced about in front of the house before he
entered, when he asked if Sarah was at home ? An answer
the affirmative was given. He then entered the kitchen, and
produced three pistols, at the same time saying there was one for
each of them. In au instant after he presented one at the head
of the young woman Parry, who raised her hands, and shrieked
for assistance. He tired, and the contents, an iron slug, perfo-
rated her neck, and _shattered the fore finger of her left hand,
which was placed near the spot at the time. She immediately
fell to the ground, the blood flowing from the wound most co-
piously. Mrs. Davis escaped, and some men, who had been at-
tending a sale of furniture in the house that day, hearing the
report of fire-arms, ran to the spot, and discovered the unfortu-
nate woman lying near the feet of Reynolds, who was himself in
the act of placing the muzzle of another pistol to his head. One
of the workmen rushed forward, and attempted to arrest his arm,
but before he could succeed in doing so Reynolds pulled the
trigger, when the contents of the pistol passed in a slanting di-
rection upwards, through the corner of the right temple : find-.
ing that the pistol had not taken the desired effect, Reynolds
rushed up stairs into the third floor, and actually threw himself
out of the window into the yard below. In an instant, surprising
as it may appear, he was on his legs again, and climbed a wail
to the roof of an outhouse, where he became exhausted, and was
taken. Surgical aid was prompt in attendance, and the wounds
of both parties were dressed, after which they were conveyed in
a coach to St. George's Hospital, where the finger of the female
was amputated. The police took charge of the papers, Sa.,
found on Reynolds, and a policeman was left at the hospital to
look after him, in case he might attempt to escape. A letter and
other papers were found on Reynolds, of which the following are
literal copies :
" Dear Father,—Threw the dreadful charecter that Sarah
gave too you about me I felt convinced that I never should be
in your eyes what I was before, therefore I never should feel
happy in this world when hated by my parents. I thus owo
how I was connected with Sarah Perry ;_ the wretched woman
wanted to do me all the ingery she could, all threw her know-
ing; how she 'was to be herself. She was the mother and the
murderer of her own child. That iof course was connected
in, for I was the burryer of it. I.screened her in every way I
could, for I nor she never was happy after that dreadful time--
it was some time ago—nobody ever knew of it but our two
selves • and after that I persuaded her not to let her hands
commit any more crimes, but she did, and would have tran-
sported me. I pointed out that and other crimes we had com-
mitted. A few nights after that she made an attempt to commit
suicide—she had got a rope and other things; I watched her
and took those things from her, and made her promise me not
to think of such a thing, and she did not. I took good care of
that ; it is some time ago ; and the time I was missing from n 4
bed at Mr. Wetherell's was threw a similar occurrence.
never got in. disgrace at Wetherell's but when threw her, all
through that ungrateful wretch. Look at the thanks I had for,
it—she never could have been wright, or she never would have
made that fool of herself. When I first came home i ad made'
up my mind to tell all against her. I told my father I could'
injure her very much, but lie told me he should think me a
child if I should say anything against Sarah. Then I said,'
what was I to do ? 'He told me to return good for evil—to
suffer her to send me out of my native country, or go as 3
sailor, after I paid her all she demanded, or he should hate m©
for ever if I injured her; and I never told him or anybody anX-
thing about her. I never could suffer her to do as she like
The night she and me walked together along Islington, 1 told
her of what awfull crimes had been committed. She entreated
of me not to say a word. She said she would rather expire an.-
how than by public justice. i told her she ought to think of raei
at that time. She said she was persuaded so to do, as I hail
told her before my father and her sister I would never say $
word. She said she should fear me, she would put an end to
her existence, or rather I would shoot her rather than say $
word about anything. She never would tell her sister or all:
body—she would of murdered herself—everybody would of said
I was the cause of it—rather than live iu this after her death as
I have lived with her, I would dye as I have dyed with Sarah--
for
for I still have a gratification in-knoing that 1 did my best
her—l hope we both share the same fate, for in life and death
I was with Sarah Perry—l felt that i ought to acknowledge
some of my own guilt in the hour of death."
There was no signature to the above, nor was it addressed to
any person.
The following was addressed to Mrs. Davis, and found among,
the other papers:l—
-" Mrs. Davis.—Do not expose those papers in the red pocket-
book, for it is trew by Ileavens, to trew. Sarah was the firsttor
prepare for death and the first to flinch from it. I was to, 2,„
ashamed of her and myself. I made one attempt the Almie"
said not one without the other.
"Behold in your unconscious grove
" The victims of ill-fated love
" Heard you that agonizing throe
" Sure this is not romantic love
"The golden day of joy is over
"And now we part to meet no more. toil
"What I have stated in these lines is true so help my t-iteitii
In my dying hour I call God to witness and I hope God v,
forgive S. P. and C.R."
On inquiring at the hospital, we ascertained that the unf.o-
-4
tunate pair arc not in immediate danger. Mrs. Davis lids
charged the man. Reynolds with wilfully and maliciously she°,
ing at Sarah Parry with a pistol, with an intent to kill heu
Reynolds will he examined at Queen-square as soon as he ea
be removed without danger.—Observer.
On Monday Mt. M'Manus, the inspector of the T division ef,
olice, at Kensington, attended before Mr. Gregorie, the sittilt.
magistrate, and informed hint that Charles Reynolds, the y ouLs
mac who had been apprehended by their division, on a ellsl,'„
of wilfully and maliciously shooting at, and wounding wit'e
loaded pistol, Sarah Parry, at Hammersmith, was unable to
brought before him on account of wounds he had given hirose;
Both Reynolds and Sarah Parry were still in St. Georgeo,
Hospital. The wound which Reynolds gave himself by fir:.
another loaded pistol at his head, after he had fired at PacritlJot
appears to have taken a slanting direction. His left eve
out, and he has received several severe bi uises about the
bend
from jumping out of one of the up-stairs windows, when he feß,',/i,:
he had in neither instance completed the dreadful deed. of
head, in fact, is completely covered with wounds, but nee:lcd
them are considered mortal by the medical men who ati'ee to
upon him. On Monday he was rather worse, and unab
speak. The unhappy woman appeared to be much more
ee
posed, and conversed very rationally. th°
Directions were then given to bring the parties up when
surgeon at the hospital thought that they could be remove

LONDON GAZETTE.—TuEsDAY, JULY 2'

INSOLVENTS,

Thomas Saville Flude, Mincing-lane, wine-broker.
John Russell Case, Hunter-street, Brunswick-square, grocer.
BANKRUPTCY ENLARGED.
John Kaberry, Leeds, leather-cutter, from July 9 to AuVst 6.
BANK RUPTS.
Joseph Strangman, Queen-street, Cheapside, flour-factor. uric'
Thomas Rovedino, Manchester-street, Alanchester-square,
publisher.
Henry Holt, Somerset-street, Portman-square, bookseller.
",00d'
Joseph Alexander Taylor, George-street, Hanover-square,
ing and lodging-house-keeper.
Delemain, Wells-street, Marylehone, wine-rnerellOt.
Richard Stephens, Newgate-street, victualer. dole'
Thomas Christmas, New Church-street, Lifson-grove, flour-
John Roberts, Llandilo, Carmarthenshire, linen-draper.
James Moore, Manchester, glass-merchant.
Samuel Peel, Leeds, plaid-manufacturer.
DIVIDENDS. jr/,
July 23, J. and W. S. Tonge, Sittingbourne, Kent, lin"; cilruPi,
—July 23, T. Baines, Piccadilly-, sendsman.—July 22, lil
Ramsey, Essex, cattle-dealer.—July 23, H. I. Lewis,
low-chandler.—July 24, T. E. Hulkes, Rochester, Kent, nliheL% r,
24, W. Oaks, Houndsditch, coppersmith.—July 27, T. W. S,l" Toe
Bailey; oilinan.—July 23, J. Gauger, Beaminster,
—July 23, 11. Gardner, Paradise-street, Rotherhithe, cribinets_'oolieSe
—July 25, R. and T. Coulthard, Crown-street, Finsbury,
drapers.—July 12, R. Hardcastle, West Smithfield, pluniberAct,l_tc,
31, T. Hardcastle, Bolton-le-Moors, Lancashire, chemist.--;;1, I.c,
30, T. Wood, Cheltenhana, upholsterer.—August 6, F. Balky, ill,
mouth, corn-factor.—July 29,W. Blyth, Birmingham, fi1e:4"1„,..0r-,,
toret—July 27, M. Meek, Knaresborough, Yorkshire, liPeinfie'',
chant.—July 27, W. Lees, Newton-moor, Cheshire, cotton-sPooptevi.,
July 24, R. Green, Bristol, hosier.—July 24, J. Twemlo;rf,
Lancashire, cotton-spinner.—July 13, W. and S. Lane,
ironmongers.
CERTIFICATES, JULY 23.
W. and W. Harris, Liverpool liiien-drapers.—J. Bruntorl!_e,er'...
wick, Durham, ship-builtlet—T. Brookes, Ifereford, botel-1"0:
T. Scott, Birmingham, merchant.—G. Ryland, Birnlingl'3ler.--.41,
salter.— 11. V. Thredder, jun., Barking, Essex, smack,col j, .1"
I ee, Henrietta-street, Covent-garden, commission-agent'
Somersetsidre, woolion-draper,

TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Wlle thank
" A CLERK" for the names of certain worthies con-
in good time.conspiracy of the Unions. "ter'
with
the.
We L_al
le either burnt or mislaid D. D.'s letter. Our
al
to use destroy s
.to all communications which we do not intend"ner
_

Whigs themselves—vve implore. Lord Gnu, if lie have
the power, to turn this man adrift, or if he have not the
power, we beseech the KING to interpose and dismiss
the whole set—tag•rag and dunderhead--from the coun-
cils of the nation.

By the vote to which we allude the House of Corn-
mons has resolved, " That provided the Bank of Eng-
land shall be bound by law to discharge in the legal
coin of the realm all such of its debts and liabilities as
shall be demanded at the Bank of England, or at any
of the Branch banks thereof, it is expedient that the
promissory notes of the said corporation be made a legal
tender for all sums above five pounds."
By the resolution, as originally worded, it was pro-
posed that the notes of the Bank be a legal tender for all
sums " of five pounds and upwards."
The difference between these two propositions is this,
viz., that although a five pound note can be converted
into gold, a five guinea note, or a six- pound note, and
so on, cannot. The reason assigned for thus altering
the resolution was the fear that, the first proposition was
calculated to drive the gold from those parts of the
Country where there are no branch banks. Undoubtedly
it had this tendency. •The Bank of England engaged to
do that which we foresaw from the first it would never be
able to perform. It engaged to discharge all its liabilities
in gold at its several branches. This it never could have
seriously intended. The Bank would not be solvent for
a single month if such a proposition were acted upon,
and its branches were compelled to pay in specie. Any
rich capitalist would have it in his power to demand at a
distant branch such a Payment in coin as it could not pos-
sibly be provided with. We therefore take for granted
that the Bank had resolved to withdraw its branches as
soon as the new law should come into operation. In this
case the country would have been drained of gold, and
the coffers -of the Bank in Threadneedle street' would
have been the only receptacle of the precious metals.
It was to prevent the consequences of this blunder that
Lord ALTIIORP attempted to amend the first proposition
by the vote of Monday night, making all five pound notes
convertible into gold. But this foolish amendment does
not correct the error. The Bank of England has only to
call in its five pound notes and issue five guinea ones, or
six pound notes in their place, and the atnendment is
useless. The country banker too would take care not to
have any five pound notes ; and in this way it would not
be long before a sovereign would bear a premium in
those parts of the country where bankers issue their own
paper. They would also make it a rule with their cus-
tomers not to pay any checks drawn for a less sum than
their smallest notes, so that gold and silver, if paid at all,
would be paid as an act of grace to their customers,
and made a source of profit in all transactions with
strangers.

wirrom and after this date the duty on advertisements
pri be
„le. 6d. only: which will give a reduction in the
e of each insertion of TWO SHILLINGS.

Jra
14Z(
tUtrPOOl A)tanbarli

FRIDAY MORNING, JULY 5, 1833
EX
;IL he following
important intelligence was posted in our
xierl'ange rooms yesterday relative to the expedition un-
pa, PEDRO and Rear Admiral NAPIER. It is dated
'along), Tuesday last
• His Majesty's schooner Pike, Lieutenant Brooking, ar-
nve,,
h ls afternoon, from Lisbon and Oporto, with advises I'7
e
alner city to the 2+.lth, and from the latter to the 2Sth
Shortlbefore she left. the Tagus, a- telegraphic dispatch an-
ba.
silleed the landing of the troops under the command of the
eof Terceira, (which left Oporto on the 21st ult., in the
'teamer
t Sand fleet under the command of Rear Na Na pi er,)
4,4_ ages, near Cape St. Vincent, about 130 miles to the south-
.
l 4 "1 of Lisbon. This intelligence excited the greatest surprise
the the capital, and the government immediately gave orders for
tr°°B to hold themselves in readiness to march at a Imo-
41ent's notice.
ii:lheocholera rages with fatal effects in Lisbon, upwards of
it:"_
made having fallen under its destroying. powers. sinced
bo""'La its appearance. Every thing was quiet in the city, an
‘,ll,,Miguel's fleet was quite ready for sea.
)tir advises from Oporto state that H.M.S. Leveret accom-
',ivnitl'et,d the expedition on its sailing from the Douro, but, on ar-
appri°Bi:ff the Burlings, she parted company, for the purpose of
nail g the British Admiral in the Tagus, whence she again
early On Saturday morning, to accompany the expedition.
artorius left Oporto on the 20th ult. in a cutter named the
Osprey' for lirest ; and Marshal Solignac on the night of the
tf illl the schooner Kitty. General Saldanha was in command
etapestroops left in Oporto, where nothing was talked of but the
4 pon the doings of which the most sanguine expec-
tell, .„ u-
were entertained. About seventy sail of merchantmen
pro:!Blned off the Douro, from which great quantities of stores,
sailed n`' 84e, were landed during the night. H.M.S. Conway
Vigo. On the 21st ult. for the purpose of taking in water at
``The
en
justl, e Packet gitn-iden, Tilly commander, from the Brazils, is
,Ported i sight."
ill
au hat the mercenaries are to do at Lagos we are hardly
port condition to conjecture. We are not aware that that
it I:;ffera any particular facilities or objects of plunder,
Opo—ng Only famous for its excellent fresh water.—
thin
9. as exhausted, and as it is d desperate game, some-
kar°l,l"naY turn up at the other extremity of the kingdom.
co4.18"al BOURNIONT, we perceive, is about to take the
thoitnand of DON MiGnEL's army. The accounts of the
era in Lisbon we doubt.
The p,

But it is proposed by those who are anxious to bolster
up the blunders of Lord ALTHORP, that the Bank of Eng-
land should be restrained from issuing any notes for in-
termediate sums between five and ten pounds. This we
suspect would be interfering too much with the rights of
the Bank, and the terms already agreed to between that
establishment and his Majesty's Government. But sup-
posing that such a clause were added to the amendment,
this would not be an effectual corrective. The country
bankers would not issue five pound notes at all: They
would keep a smaller supply of Bank of England five
pound notes. They would drive a great portion of these
notes out of circulation altogether. They would only
issue ten pound notes, and become sellers of gold and
silver. The ten pounder being a legal tender, they would
refuse to change it unless paid for the change. They
would perhaps give nine sovereigns and ten shillings for
a ten pound note, but they would never be such fools as
to keep gold wherewith to pay the notes of the Bank of
England. They have a right to employ their capital in
the most advantageous way, and no man could reasonably
complain of their making a charge for doing that which
the law did not compel them to do. In short, the whole
measure is so beset with difficulties, rendered more in-
tricate by the foolish cobbling- and tinkering of that re-
nowned sumph, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, that
we see no- possibility.of any desirable results springing
from it. The first proposition was intelligible enough,
but in many respects dangerous ; the second proposition,
or in other words, the Althorpian amendment, is a mere
dash of stupidity and ignorance. If it be carried into
effect, it will either give a premium to gold in the distant
towns, and make provincial bankers the sellers of gold,
or it will reduce a large portion of the country to a state
of barter.

- aetory. Commissioners having had leisure to
o%4dige4 tille good dinners they enjoyed at Manchester and
repay Places have at length favoured the public with their
therl:' and the minutes of the evidence given before
Pritit• The report itself is a bundle of trash, for the
shoui_lig of Which the Times 'insists that these gentlemen
11 bah •
nelaue to pay.
er
to -"It
Is description of it we have certainly no wish
Pal
the its details upon our. readers. The expense of
I)l4;°4'lnission has been an unpardonable waste of the
underl ,111"eY• The reporters recommend that children
than Iftrteen years of age should not be worked more
This eight hours per day in the cotton and other factories.
,11441,ProPosition savours of some intended trick; it
i 3 to 3 of the billy roller ; and its real object we suspect
l
bil)arlage the bill in such a way that its prohibitions
Pellecie,easily evaded, and the poor white slaves be com-
_, '° Work eight hours each, in two different factories.
mall keep
our eye on the plot.

llt
'Y Mel lave been favoured with a perusal of a petition
Y presented in the House of Commons, by Mr.
tll', in favour of admitting foreign sugars to the
iielis market. The petition is signed by twenty-four
i
:cith
ants of-Liverpool, who—se names are also in our
thsion, but which from feelings of compassion we
the% from publishing. These petitioners state that
St.
carry on an extensive commerce with Brazil, s
lielattliage, Cuba, India Batavia, and the Indian Arc
lioht°2' This must bey a mistake ; for some of the per-
. 4% Wit
11y L. o.se: names are attached carry on no commerce of
had beyond the smoke of Liverpool, and
would be
the Pushed to find the means of fitting out a wherry for
44 4)4 erring fishery. We do not deny that some of. the
do es are respectable ; but mind, we only say some we
4(4 st
Land bail for the rest.
kiitnet,l2'e this as it may, and admitting for the sake of ar-
4t,t that the whole twenty-four were merchants of the
taiss'astiection, still the prayer of their petition is inad-
u-
ra. able, inasmuch as it prays the. government to enco
ted, "'extend the hateful traffic in the blood-and bonesu_
ha African slave men of a million times more
iaPl3' caste than those whom we are about to emancipateuiis
to be West Indies. Of course they do not avow
dear their object, but that such would be the effect, as
is as the sun at noon-day. The sugar of the Brazilsi
Alkitetilitivated and manufactured by slave labour ;
e
qa,,,-(ts of the Brazils import slaves and carry on the
atitt- trade
; arid if the people of England were per-
t t° consume sugar so cultivated, would they
the encouragers of slavery, and the horrors
short aliddle passage? Most indubitably they would.
c'rt' tit' petition is as impolitic as its statements are
Dl~tsi4ell4°lls, and its object selfish and wicked. The
tlest, Or Parchment upon which it is written might have
heal 14re usefully applied to quieter purposes nearer
tD
talk nd Mr. EWART might have found something better
ket— abnnt: Why does the honourable member not
atherlip Petition from the unfortunate jackasses on the
side of the water ?
131,1.
'a Iv Nitemporary of the London Standard published
*43' 'ed nesday the following, which, as the Americans
here 1- 41-Tenant, if true. It would not surprise us if it
bt.lt We confess we have no information of our own
,c subject. :
the •
t, kind of compromise which the government had made
eq 41 }".° Colonial delegates and West India planters, merchants,
atl'Powners, has been-broken up, .consequence of
chiefly
in
the Cape
Cl '''apt to include the sine owners of Honduras,
.n the d?°4 Rope, and, we believe, the Mauritius, as partners
Sd 'vision of the twenty millions—thus farther reducing their
4,),,,„gilate dividend to the actual West Indian proprietors.
tdie lt c:ver, this and most of the other questions that the House
.4111,'Ilons has been idly dallying with through the session,
410/1., 'atiger of an untimely end—from an explosion, the pre-
t week sYmpt tonic
sofa which have been thickening within the
or te.
4°,11., wish his MAJESTY would take it into his head,
katCo oder f these fine mornings, to walk down to the House
his faithful Commons and his stupid ministers
•ro about their business. The blundering that is
able ~
LY. witnessed is not only disgraceful and unpardon-
e it
Ee is bringing the nation—this nation of shop-
rs---into contempt,-and making English statesmen
tiikiltidieule of the whole world. The vote of Monday
he ' 13Y Which Bank
to notes above five pounds are to
be4de a legal tender while those for five pounds are
convertible into gold, is not only an absurdity in
'o_but it also proves that Lord ALTHORP is incapa-
t4tieL comprehending the simplest proposition. We
kitri'Ouestion Whether he can either read or write ; butd
1,,,,it_71ng for the sake of charity that he can read an triost certain are-we that he is destitute of all rea-
hiealll! Powers, and has a very sorry knowledge of the
the 1,.11 of tile English language. Among synonymes
keti,2lllB ignorance and ALTHORP might be classed to-
toteZ There is not a cowherd in the country, untu-
-1),1,, of unlettered, and unread—who never darkened the
~sc.hool—but would acquit himself on any o.r-
'''eres
yes a°Jeet, and, in all matters of common sense,
‘vli,Pectably and satisfactorily than the noble lord
to vlas the honour to be Chancellor of the Exchequer
the ref la
the Fourth, and the recognised leader of
abeirefted Rouse of Commons. He who should be
illest man of his generation is decidedly the great-
in4,4 13cl'head existence ; and if such be the head
'l)4 itThilth-piece of the Whigs,what must be the
Ncter
'l's? and pretensions of the other and inferiormem-
Por d)
the country—for the sake of the

N.B.—Since the above was written, we have received
a late edition of the Sun, containing a report of the pro-
ceedings in the House of Commons on Wednesday
evening. It appears by these that Lord ALTHORP has
abandoned his country banking experiment altogether
for the pression session.. With the greatest good nature
possible he has confessed that he is a confirmed innocent
—honest, but daft!
' .•

The terms in which he discloses his intentions are
worthy of his innocence. He says, in answer to a ques-
tion put by Mr. HERRIES, what follows:
" I had intended befcire proceeding in the Committee to make
the statement lam now about to make. The resolutions which
I proposed respecting joint stock banking companies in the
country formed a part of the measure to which I attached great
importance. To that part of it also the greatest objections have
been urged—l mean that part which enabled joint-stock banks
of deposit to be established on a limited liability in every part
of the country. In bringing the measure forward, I certainly
anticipated I should be opposed by a very powerful .body of
men. In- that anticipation I have not been disappointed.
(Hear, hear, and laughter.) From every information I could
collect upon the subject, I find that they are a more powerful
body than I had imagined—(Bear, hear)—and the probability
is, that on that account I should not be able to carry that part
of it into proper effect, or, if ultimately, not during the. present
Session of Parliament. (Hear, hear.) With that view I do
feel, I may say his Majesty's Government altogether feel, it
would not be desirable to press that portion of the measure
during the present session. It is, therefore, my intention to
postpone all the part of the plan which I brought forward rela-
tive to country banking, excepting what required them to com-
pound for the stamp-duties, in order that the country might
know their real circulation. I should be sorry, in making this
announcement, if it were supposed that I withdrew this part of
the plan because I was convinced by the arguments adduced
that I was wrong, (Hear, and a laugh.) I certainly am not
convinced of that. I wish rather to put it on its really true
ground, that I believe lam not able to carry it. (Hear, hear,
and loud laughter.) I mean during the present session. I beg
herefore, to state, in answer to the Right Hon. Gentleman,
that I do not mean to press that part of the Bill, as I have
stated, which relates to country banking."

"Loud laughter," indeed! it is enough to provoke an
universal sneeze, and make the very dogs bark at a
British minister.

A difficulty has sprung up in the adjustment of the
West India question, not the only one which we have
for sometime foreseen; but one which is likely'to lead to
considerable embarrassment in the final settlement of this
entire compound of difficulties. The impediment to
which we refer applies to the apportionment of the com-
pensation fund voted in the .resolutions of Parliament.
It will be recollected that we have, on a recent occasion,
fully expressed our opinion of the complication of inter-
ests that would present itself when the period of adjust-
ment might arrive; and we instanced the single case of
the island of Jamaica, where five or six thousand claim-
ants will have to be reconciled. This, however, although
of itself a matter of extreme difficulty, is still only one
of detail ; and before the time for considering it arrives
there is another question to settle of no less importance—
the question of principle. On what general principle is
the appointment to be made to the several islands and
countries constituting, our colonial empire ? Mr. STAN-.
LEY talked of a ratio compounded of the numbers of ne-
groes, and the amount of exports from each island or
colony. We have heard of compound ratios before
the present time ; and we have not forgotten the labours
of one Lieutenant DRUMAIOND, on an occasion now be-
come matter of history. The slight investigation of this
new doctrinal• system, which was aH that could be made
at the period of its agitation, brought conviction to the
minds of great numbers of the grounds on which it was
attempted to be justified being quite untenable. Sub-
sequent and more deliberate analysis of the system has
demonstrated the utter fallacy of those attempts at justi-
fication ; but unfortunntely too late to prevent great in-
justice being done to many boroughs which stood near

the borders of those distinctive lines set up for the ad-
mission or rejection of their right to the return, of mem-
bers to Parliament. With this lesson before us we are
extremely jealous of the re-introduction of a system,
which proved on that occasion so manifestly unjust, for

the settlement of an affair of so much difficulty as the di-
vision of a sum of £20,000,000 sterling among the pre-
sent owners of 800,000 negroes. if this be taken as the
number—and it is not far wide of the truth—the average
appropriation would be £25 for each negro. Now aiers
have taken a fancy to a compound ratio as well as L:eu.
tenant DRUMMOND ; and without affecting to have gone
into it with all the accuracy of abstruse algebraical cal-
culation, but assuming Mr. STANLEY'S general principle,
it is found that, instead of £23 each on the average, the
various places would receive amounts differing greatly
from each other. For instance, excluding fractions. of
pounds,
Mr. PHILPOTTS stated at the meeting in London on the
24th instant, that
- Demerara would receive £5l
Berbice
Trinidad
Mauritius
Jamaica 24
Antigua 23
Barbados
The consequence of this discrepancy, as might be ex-
pected, is, that a difference of opinion exists among tile
parties interested as the general mass of claimants. If
we are rightly informed, the division of opinion stall's
about thus :
In favoui of Mr. STANLEY'S proposition,
Demerara having 69,460 Negroes
Berbice 21,300 „
•
Trinidad 24,0(X) „
Mauritius 76.000 „
St. Vincent's 23,840 „
• Grenada 24,140 „

The planter of Demerara meets this• statement by the
declaration that his negroes have cost him bona fide the
increased price at which they are valued—and as that
high value was the result of legal enactment in its origin,
so, in the remedy, he is entitled to look for a propor-
tionate compensation. To this the Islander retorts, that,
:if his :neighbour of Demerara has paid more for his
negroes, he has, also, for a series of years, been deriv-
ing a benefit from their labours far exceeding any-thing
which he, (the Islander) has obtained from the labour of
his negroes ; and, therefore, the Demerara planter has
already secured an advantage fully equivalent to the ex-
cess in value set upon the negroes in that colony, above
those of the islands ; and thus he justifies the per
capita principle in the appropriation of the compensa-
tion fund. These, we believe, are the pro's and con's
of the question. We could extend the argument much
further; but, as we may have occasion to return to the
subject,. we will now dismiss it, with the repetition of
the opinion that this, as one of numerous difficulties with
which the whole question is beset, will alone require
much and calm deliberation; and we trust it may be
placed upon a footing just and equitable to'all concerned.

Total 238,740 „
In favour of an appropriation per capita, without re-
erence to the question of exports:—
Jamaica having 322,400 Negroes
Barbados 81,900 „

It has been the fashion for some tune to extol the efli-
cievey and the almost perfectibility of the General Post-
office. This cry has been on the wing fora long period,
and it has been so general that the great bulk of people
have set it down to be a well-merited encomium and an
undoubted truth. It has, however, been a very senseless
cry. We do not mean to say that the Post-office is not
well regulated. Its mail coaches start punctually enough,
go at a good speed, and reach their destination with as
much regularity and irregularity as could in reason be
expected. The letters, too, are all sorted, ticketted, de-
livered, and paid for, especially in the larger towns, with
-.as fair a 16gree of -despatch as mortal hands and legs can
I accomplish. This is something, and we record the fact
with pleasure. '
_ But still, the post-office at head quarters—we mean
the London post-office, is, in some of its departments,
conducted in a manner that would reflect 'discredit on the
establishment of a Jew dealer in old clothes. Its clerks
in the hcme office are paid to do the work of the public
by facilitating the transmission of letters and newspapers,
and yet it is a notorious fact that they retard the trans-
mission of the latter in order to carry on a snug and pro-
fitable speculation of their own. A number of these clerks
act as newsmen, and avail themselves of their influence in
the post-office to exclude, after a certain hour, all news-
papers which are not sent through their agency. One
halfpenny is charged for every paper that is brought to,
the office from six to half-past six o'clock, after which
hour none are received at all. The clerks, however, re-
ceive papers up to eight o'clock. and thus enjoy, advan-
tages which
,none of the ordinary newsmen possess.
Why should this be ? Either the post-office employs
too many clerks or it does not. If it employ no more
than are necessary, they should have such adequate sa-
laries as would support them without the profits to be de-
rived from a monopoly in the trade of print-mongering.
But the fact is that the post-office has too many clerks,
.else they could not afford to spare so much time in des-
patching newspapers on their own account. The evil has
increased considerably of late, and it is time that it
,were put an end to.
Another grievance connected with the post-office has
!ately sprung up in the opening and searching of mail-
coach parcels. This is a dirty, beggarly, sponging-house
'business. None but a Whig administration would to-
lerate it for an hour.- It encourages espionage and gives
employment to a whole retinue of thieves and informers.
l'he Government want money, we know, and Lord
ALTI-ioRP has to rake for it, like an old woman gathering
rags, in every hole and corner; but still this mean way of
Dropping up the revenue is disgraceful. If a parcel contain,
ing a letter is sent to London, the person who sends it is
liable to be fined severely ; and yet it is most true that we
of Liverpool have no other way of despatching a letter
that does not rest in the post-office in London eleven or
twelve hours before it. is delivered. If on Friday morn-
f9r instance, we send a parcel containing a letter fur

Antigua
St. Kitts
Montserrat
Nevis
Dominica 15,390 „
St. Lucia 13,660 „
Tobago 12,550 „

Total 510,510 „
These two sums, together 749,250, with the addi-
tion of the slave population of Tortola, the Bahamas,
the Bermudas, and the Cape of Good Hope, will make
a total of nearly 800,000, as the number of negroes in
our colonies.

That the circumstances of the several colonies varyl
greatly, with regard not only to the original cost, but)
also as to the current expense of maintaining the negro,
1
is a matter not to be disputed. But the bare existence
of this fact does not, in our judgment, warrant the ap-
propriation of funds in the unequal manner which we
have shewn to result from estimates conducted upon the
compound ratio principle. There are many other consi-
derations-to be brought under review besides the mere
cost of the negro. It must be considered what sort of
soil is found in the country which he inhabits—how far
his labours have tended to the interest of his owner,

flowing from the natural advantages of his location—
whether it has not been found more advantageous to the
interests of the planter to direct the labour of the negro
exclusively to the production of exportable articles, and
to import provisions for his maintenance, rather than
abstract a material portion of labour from the cultivation
of exportable products, with a view of raising that food
upon the estate ;—and, it is most material to consider
whether this course of proceeding has not resulted from
a paucity of labourers, with reference to the extent of
surface, and degree of productiveness of the soil on which
they are placed ;—and, if so, whether that state of things
has not been entirely created by the enactments of the
legislature.

In regarding this question with a view to the general
interests of all the planter, it will be sufficient to inquire
why Demerara should participate at the rate of £5l, and
Barbados at the rate of £l5 only for each negro. The,
answer to such a qUestion would not be. 'difficult. Barbados,
one of the oldest of our settlements, from its limited surface
and extensive application of capital, for a succession of
generations, contains more absolute wealth, in proportion
to its superfices, than any-. Other of the colonies, Jamaica
not excepted. The wealth thus concentrated, instead of
being devoted almost exclusively to the production of
those commodities which are exported, is more divided in
its application. The estates, with few exceptions, are
small, and embrace every variety of cultivation of which
the tropical climate admits. The arts and many manufac-
tures flourish there to an extent unknown in all, or nearly
all, the other colonies. The population is'dense, and the
whole island resembles more an independent country
than a colony. Hence a much larger proportion of the
population being employed in the cultivation of food for
the consumption' of the island than in others,--that
population consuming also much of what is raised by the
remaining numbers,—it follows, of course, that the ex-
ports of the island are smaller than those of any other, in
proportion to its entire population. On the other hand,
-Demerara, and the settlements of Betbice and Esse-
quibo, having chiefly a virgin alluvial soil of unbounded
extent of surface, and susceptible, from its- proximity to
the equator, of cultivation through the year, without re-
gard to seasons, yields a much more extensive crop with
the same amount of labour than can be obtained in any
of the islands. The extent and productiveness of these
continental colonies is such, that, if they possessed a larger
number of hands, they would be capable of furnishing the
mother country with the whole amount of her consump-
tion in the chief articles of import from the entire of the
colonies. That Guiana does not furnish more results en-
Wednesday &ening, Half-past Seven o'clock.
tirely from the legal difficulties thrown in the way of the Nothing has transpired with regard to the West India
removal of negrOes froth 'one island or colony to another. Emancipation Bill since our last, although it is generally.
With a view, doubtless, of preventing the evasion of those
understood that the Colonial Secretary had succeeded
laws enacted for the prohibition of the slave trade, the re- satisfyinm the West India deputation as to how the
raising the money is to be effected. A very great diffi-
rnoval of the negroes of any proprietor—suppose of Bar-1
culty exists, however, as to how it ()tight to be distribut-
bados—from an unproductive estate there to one be-1 ed, and this, it is expected, will not be arranged without
longing to the same individual in Demerara, where an , a considerable clashing of interests and difference of opi-
equal amount of labour would have yielded a much larger !Ilion. The accountsfrom the Leeward Islands are not
very cheering. Some discontent prevailed among the
return, has been, for a long series of years, absolutely black population, who had been led (we do not know by
prohibited. Here, then, is the clue to the high value of whom) to believe that the recent change of Government,
the negroes of Demerara. Here, also, the motive for ap. as respects-the islands, was to be accompanied by an im-
plying all the labour of those negroes to the raising of mediate . emancipati n
public peace. o Our private letters, however,
assert that this had not led to any disturbance of the
exportable produce,--at the cost of importing, to; a very
large extent, the food necessary for the support of the po. The consol market has been very gloomy during the
pulation. last three days. Consols for Account closed this after-
noon at 89 to 90. Exchequer Bills and India Bonds, on
These are the two extremes. The other islands fall in the contrary, have been looking up, the former closing at
between, in their several. gradations—which gradations) 54 premium, and the latter at 33 to 34, this afternoon.—
are mainly determined by the extent of surface, and the No material business has been done in any of our foreign
bonds. Russian may be quoted at 104 b `Dutch at 4S -1;- ,
character of the soil in each case, as proportioned to the
and Danish at 731 to 74. Belgian Bonds are 911 to 1.
population settled upon it; and, therefore, need not be. There has been great dullness in Spanish Bonds, spe'-
enlarged upon. There can be no question that, if the culators having been much disappointed at the 'recent as-
laws had not prohibited the removal of negroes from one semblage of the Cortes, who, strange to say, forgot to pay
colony to another, a considerable number would have been off the CorteS loans, of which, probably, they never
, heard. The price of the Stock this afternoon is 1875.
located in Guiana, transferred from the exhausted and Notwithstanding the sailing of the mighty mercenary
unprofitable soil of many of the old islands. The conse- Armada from Oporto, against Lisbon, the Scrip has de-
quence would have been, a larger amount of exports from dined to '2'4 discount within the last two days. The
those islands, in proportion to the remaining population; Bonds are also heavy at 59. • Little is doing . in any
and in Guiana, although the aggregate exports would/ other security, nor has the Share Market exhibited any
material change except in Real del Monte, which are
have greatly increased, their ratio to the whole popula- £34 10s. per share, and Bolanos, which are about £135 to
tion would have been much diminished; inasmuch as the £l4O per share.
approximate equalization of the value of the negro Advices from Stockholm- state that the Government had
throughout the colonies, consequent on such power of, ordered, from the date of November next, that all bar on
!Dade by hammer, and destined for exportation, all be
removing them from one to another, would have led to a,
in the middle of each bar the letters B M J as a distinct-
much greater number of them being employed in the:
ive mark and guarantee to foreigners of its quality.
raising of food for the general sustenance. f We have late accounts from Baltimore, which furnish
The entire absence ;of this power of removal being,' us with a copy of the treaty between Russia and the
therefore, the cause of time greater value set on the United States. The first article establishes a reciprocal
liberty of commerce, navigation, and trade, extending to
negro in Guiana than in the islands, the question seems the inhabitants of each, state sojourning or trading in the
to be, whether a value dictated by such imperious cir- territories of the other, the same security and protection
cumstances, which were altogether beyond the controul, enjoyed by natives, on condition of obedience to the laws.
of the planfer on either side, would warrant such an The second article places the vessels of both countries
in the same port on an equality as
to tonnage duties.—
inequality in the distribution of the compensation fund,
I as would be made under the compound ratio spoken of In regard to lighthouse duties, pilotage, custom - house
fees, port charges, and all other fees and charges of every
by Mr. STANLEY ? The island planter says, in answei ,description and for every purpose, they are to be placed
to that question, that such a distribution would be en the footing of the most favoured nations, with whom
; just; as he has incurred nearly as much expense pet there are not specific treaties now in force•establishing a
head for his labourers to obtain only half the amount 01. complete reciprocity.
The third article abolish discriminating duties on im-
' produce by their labour, which the planter of Demerara, portations, and stipulates that no greater charge of any
or the other settlements of Guiana, have invariably beeil kind whatsoever shall be levied on merchandize, &c.
im-
doing, owing to the inferiority of his soil, and the'
ported
in the vessels of one country than on the same
;
articles imported in vessels of the other. -By the next
increased expenses of transport to which he is liable, article it is explained that these stipulations in both cases

London, it will reach its destination on Saturday morn-
ing; but if we send it through the post-office on that day,
it will not reach the person to whom it is addressed be-
fore Monday morning ! This is not the way to carry on
the correspondence of a great commercial country. The
Post-office insist upon being the carriers of all letters, and
yet they carry them in a way that a good walker would
'almost be ashamed of.
But if the home department of the Post-office be thus
wretchedly conducted, that of the foreign is still worse.—
In the latter the business is an abominable job altogether.
;The clerks have low salaries—hardly sufficient to keep
'Soul and body together—but to make up for this they are
licensed like a blue gown beggar of Scotland to prey upon
the country. The publiC will hardly believe that no news-•
paper can be sent through the Post-office to any of the
towns on the coast of France or Holland unless a heavy
'fee in the shape of a bribe be given to thes,p clerks. Nor
'can any foreign newspaper be imported without the pay-
IMent of a similar tax. The whole of the business is ma-
naged in a shameful manner. Newspapers yield a reve-
nue to the state, and yet the sale of them in foreign coun-
tries is restricted, in fact almost prohibited, by the inter-
'posing fees of these needy officials of the three-legged
stool. It is not for us to say who is most to blame, the
Duke of RICHMOND or Sir FRANCIS FREELING j but they

may, if they please, divide the charge between them.—
All that we know positively is that the business has
been much worse conducted since the noble duke accepted
'his present office.

LONDON LATEST NEWS.

- or the sake of 1
