AUGUSTA.

If we cannot say to our absent riends that the fever has
abated in this city—our list this morning gives the gratifying
intelligence that the number of deaths are diminishing, more,
however, from the want of subjects, than from any favourable
change in our atmosphere since our last notice. We are still
without rain, and until we have enough to cover the bottom
of our river, (which for the most part is now dry) it will not
be prudent for our absent friends to return to the city. As
soon as we get a heavy rain, we look for a change in the
weather, (which still continues warm) accompanied with a
black frost.—AyuBta Constitutionalist.

NATCHEZ.
NATCITEZ, Oct. 4.—The yellow fever has been very severe
here since the 14th of September. The whole number of
interments for the month of September amount to 71-58 of
which were from fever. This, in a population of only 1,200,
the balance of our citizens having left the city,) is a frightful
mortality.
• Natchez is almovt deserted ' • out of 58 stores on Main-
street, but five are opened, and it really is calculated to pro-
duce on the mind of the hale and hearty man a mournful
hypocondriac feeling. Our physicians endeavour first to
salivate the patient ; when this is effected not one out of fifty
die.—Correspondence of N. 0. Bulletin.

NEW ORLEANS,
The bustle that is now seen in our streets looks very much
like the revival of business. A number of vessels have
arrived from the north, with goods for this port and the up
country. The carriage of the cargoes from the ships to the
warehouses, and thence to the steam boats, keeping a number
of drays and hands employed, and recals to mind the busy
scenes of winter. We notice also the arrival of many
passengers by the steamers. The morning papers of yester-
day contained a long list of new corners. The manifest
abatement of the epidemic has emboldened many to come
into the city, who would perhaps have acted more wisely to
have staid back a few clays longer. We would not say any-
thing to encourage the return of absentees yet a while. It
my be said indeed that the fever has almost lost its epidemic
character. The cases are few, and generally assume a mild
aspect: But although residents of the city are thus favoured,
it is feared lest strangers may not enjoy the same immunity.
The fever having prevailed here two months and upwards,
has attacked nearly all among us who are liable to the con-
tagion. If, therefore, the epidemic has not entirely disap-
peared, the arrival of fresh subjects may occasion a return of
sickness. Under such circumstances the safest path is
certainly the wisest—to wait a week longer, which can do no
harm to those who are absent. In the meanwhile a change
of weather may take place more favourable to health. At
present it is warm and showery. The probability is that on
clearing off the weather will be cold, as frequently happens
at this season. Until some decided change in temparature,
approaching the character of winter, we would not advise
strangers to venture into our city.—New Orlean's Bee.

MISCELLANEOUS

(From the Evening Star, and the Courier and Enquirer.)
Captain J. D. Bailey, who has just arrived in the Cam-
bridge, has taken command of the Liverpool, packet-ship,
South America.
All the banks at Harrisburgh, Pensylvania, the scene of
loco foco mobs that attacked the capital, have suspended.
We learn that several of the banks in Philadelphia are sup-
plying themselves with small notes from Delaware and New
Jersey, with the object of relieving, to some extent, the dif-
ficulty that exists with regard to change.
It is said that the U. S. schooner Boxer is daily expected
of New York from Mazatlan, Mexico, with 1,500,000 dol-
lars-100,000 dollars for English account, and the balance
for the New York banks.

The St. Louis Republican thinks that not less than twelve
hundred thousand dollars have been shipped from St. Louis
for the east within the last five or six weeks—the high rate
of eastern exchange making it an object to buy and transport
specie, and draw against it.
We mentioned on Monday, that the National Bank had
refused to receive in deposit the notes of the Dry Dock Bank,
and the North American Trust Company. We deem it in-
cumbent upon us to say, that this was the proceeding of a
solitary institution not acting in concert in this measure with
the other banks; and that neither the Dry Dock nor Trust
Company have heretofore kept any account with the National.
The new steam-boat Naoini, Captain Taylor, which arrived
from St Louis yesterday, has brought 100,000 dollars in specie,
consigned to George 0. Hall, Esq. of this city. She has
also come freighted with a valuable cargo of produce. Since
writing the above, 100,000 dollars more of specie has arrived
from the same place, by the steamer Prince, and consigned
to the same individual,—New Orleans Picayune. Sept. 19.

The first new cotton at Newbern, North Carolina, came
in October 2, from Mr. Busick's plantation, Jones' County.
It sold at 10 cents.

We learn from the New Orleans Prue American, as the
result of the late investigation into the afthirs of the Branch
Mint, that the superintendent, Mr. Bradford, is to be remov-
ed, and the Messrs. Maxwell and Tyler, now both deceased,
are proclaimed the only two honest men that have been in
the concern. The brother of the late Mr. Tyler, it is stated,
will probably be appointed coiner.
We have been furnished with four pods of Sea Island cotton.
from a plantation near Charleston, illustrating the effect of
the recent unexampled drought on that staple. The lowest
pod, or that plucked nearest the bottom of the stalk, Is
fairly opened and matured. The next in the ascending scale
is but partially openedand matured—the next more defective
—and the topmost one is thoroughly wilted and dried, as if
exposed to a severe and untimely frost. The field from
which these pods were taken promised fair, two months ago,
for a yield of 1501bs. to the acre ; the estimate is now reduced
to 701bs, or 751bs. per acre.—Charleston Patriot.
Already 8000 bales of new cotton had arrived at Charles-
ton tip to September 27.
The 27th of Sept. was observed at Charleston, South
Carolina, as a day of thanksgiving and prayer, in consequence
of the calamitous affliction (now happily abated) which has
visited that city.
Two interpreters for the Amistad blacks have been found
at last, being native Africans, of the crew of the British brig
of war Buzzard, still in our harbour. When they arrived at
the prison, New Haven, the joy of the captives at meeting
with two of their countrymen was uncontrolable. They all
left the breakfast table, and literally, the account says, drag-
ged their brethren into the prison door. They are said to
confirm the imperfect details hitherto obtained of the story
of the captives. _

Natchez seems doomed to fires as weir as to pestilence.
Another destructive conflagration occurred Sept. 26, and laid
in ruins the entire front of the square on Canal and Wall-
streets, including the entire edifice of Mr. Parker, and the
Southern Exchange, the residences of Mr. Soria and Mr.
Howell, and the law offices of Carson and Hewitt.—Loss
100,000 dollars.

The schooner Catherine, Dundas, of Baltimore (or so re-
ported), has arrived from Sierra Leone: She is a prize to
H.M. brig Dolphin, who captured her on suspicidn that she
was a slaver. Four of her original crew are on board : the
remainder, thirty in number, were discharged on the coast,
She was fitted out at the Havana, and has her original cargo
on board. An American register is said to have been found
among her papers.
The cane crop of Louisiana is beyond all precedent.
Mr. Creecy, near Yazoo city, Miss., picked, a few days
since, 4,7761b5. of cotton with twenty-six hands, six of which
were under the age of twelve. There is infant slavery, it
seems, in picking cotton as well as in manufacturing it into
yarns. _ _

An exchange paper says, rather equivocally :—" At a Ittte
fire in Norwalk, Ohio, the ladies turned out and did duty,
relieving the men at the engines, together with other assist-
ance that was needed in supplying the hose." The naughty
girls.
A WESTERN "BUSTER."—The Cincinnati Despatch
says :—The Mr. Surtees mentioned as having disappeared
from the counter of the Mechanics' and Traders' Bank in
Cincinnati, is pretty well known in this city as a hard cus-
tomer. He has been known to order up sixteen punches
into his room fora party of three, and then to knock dmin
the waiter or salver on which they were brought to him. On
one occasion, while upon a " bender" in this city, he threw
an elegant little gold watch into the grate, and upon the
whole appears, from all testimony, to be a " severe buiter."
He always had plenty of money—and had good business
talents, and much shrewdness, when not upon too hard a
frolic.

PATENT DEMOCRACY AS INTERPRETED BY THE OHIO
Loco Focos.—The following is from the Canton (Ohio)
Register:—At a loco foco meeting lately held at German-
town, Ohio, the following Fanny Wright resolutions were
passed:—" Resolved, that we as democrats will not support
any candidate for any office, who will not come out in oppo-
sition to the so called Temperance societies, Bible societies,
Missionary. Societies, Sunday schools and Colleges," (which
were pronounced aristocratical.) " Resolved, that we will
not support any person who makes long prayers or sour faces.
Resolved, that we will oppose all those who belong to a certain
society or denomination, perhaps the strongest in the union,
who are the originators of the Temperance societies, and
whose clergy dictate to their members what they shall eat
and what they shall drink, for we thick such more danger-
ous to the liberties of this country than the Roman Ca-
tholics."

NATIONAL THEATRE.—Miss Van denhoff, last evening,
took the audience quite by surprise, in the very handsome
and correct manner that she played Julia, in the Hunchback :
her readings, points and conception of the part, as might be
inferred from the excellent instruction she received, were
perfect throughout. Her voice wants modulation, and oc-
casionally is pitched too high. She is, however, quite young,
possessing an imposing and graceful appearance, and all the
materiel necessary to constitute, in time, a finished actress.
On being called out, with her father, they were both cheered
with great enthusiasm.

FR-OM FLORIDA.—In the south, it appears, by accounts to
Sept. 21, that Sam Jones, with 200 warriors, was still near
Fort Lauderdale, making great professions of friendship,
while in North and Middle Florida the country is overrun
by small scattering parties of his tribes, who constantly effect
the object of their shrewd tactics, by falling in ambush upon
detachments of our troops, whom they shoot down and scalp
without resistance ! But it is an old story, and scarcely
worth repeating. We give, however, the freshest and latest
sample, which is from the St. Augustine News of Sept. 22 :
—" Indian News.—The baggage train between Wacassassg
and Fort Fanning, with an escort of seven men, was attacked
by ten Indians. Loss-1 white killed, 3 wounded ; 2 horses
and 4 mules killed, and waggon burned."
ANOTHER FLORIDA TREATY.—By a correspondent of the
Baltimore Patriot, at Tampa, Sept. 20, we learn that forty
Indians had come in there, when General Taylor commenced
negotiating with them, and agreed to surrender up the fifty-
five lately captured by Lieut. Hanson, for 13 of the 120 en-
gaged in the massacre of Col. Harvey's detachment. Thir-
teen whites was the number massacred. The arrangement
would look as if General IVlacomb's treaty was still consi-
dered binding by both the high contracting parties in South
Florida.

LOG-BOOK OF THE STEAM-SHIP LIVERPOOL,

The following are extracts from the Log-Book of this mag
nificent vessel:—

OUTWARD VOYAGE.

Date. Wind. Dist. run. Lat. Long.
Sept. 21 Calm.
22 S. to N. by W. 177 miles 51 57 N. 616 W
23 S.S.W. S. 180 „ 50 58 11 50
24 W.N.W. to S.W. 150 ~ 50 48 16 5
25 N.W. to W.N.W. 110 ~ 50 16 18 50
26 N.W. to W.S.W. 140 „ 50 11 22 12
27 W.N.W. 112 ~ 49 52 24 47
28 W. 140 ~ 49 23 28 15
29 N. N.W. 89 ~ 49 11 30. 1
30 W. 180 „ 48 55 34 0
Oct. 1 W.S.W. S.W. 173 „ 47 29 38 26
2 W.S.W. 137 „ 47 21 41-38
3 N. 167 ~ 46 11 44 27
4 S.S.E. to S. 219 „ 44 51 49 15
5 N.W. 165 , 44 6 52 40
6 W.N.W. 168 ~ 42 37 55 50
7 W. &by N. 205 „ 41 50 60 23
8 N.N.E. 243 ~ 40 59 65 30
9 N.N.E. 255 ~ 40 9 70 49
10 W. by N. Daylight running through the Narrows.
REMARKS EACH DAY.

Calm and fine weatiieiloiii Li:m7;6lQ the moorings and
proceeded down the river ; 11 30 passed the Rock Light-
house.
Moderate breeze and fine ; spoke Zephyr steamer fron Holy-
head to Dublin.
Ditto ; 1 a.m, Cape Clear Lighthouse N.N.W. two leagues.
Strong breezes, with heavy swell from the northward.
Strong breezes, with heavy squalls of wind and rain.
Strong gale, and cloudy; with heavy head sea.
Gale increasing, with a very heavy sea running.
Continued gale, with heavy sea from the westward.
Increasing gale ; sea running very high, and breaking on
board, foreand aft.
Strong gale, and dark and cloudy ; with heavy sea from N.W.
Strong breezes and,xlOudy ; with long westerly swell.
Hard gale, with haVy westerly swell ; 1 p.m. wind shifted
from S.W. to N.W., and blew a perfect hurricane for about
an hour and then abated.
More moderate breeze, sea going down fast.
Moderate breeze and fine weather, with long westerly swell.
Strong gales and squally weather.
Heavy squalls, with rising sea from north.
More moderate, with heavy rain.
Moderate breeze, and fine clear weather.

Ditto running towards Sandy Hook.
6 a.m., moored alongside the quay at New York.

HOMEWARD VOYAGE.

Date. T:---- -
------
Wind.Dist.Lat. Long.
Oct. 19th N.W. N. ~
20th N.E. ~ ~ 9 f
21st N.E. W.E. 115 39 42 69 26
22d E. by N.E. 152 39 48 66 21
23d E. 155 40 57 62 54
24th S.E.E. 190 42 28 59 20
25th N.W. 205 43 12 54 45
26th N.E. N.N.E. 165 43 20 50 49
27th N.N.W. 188 44 37 47 18
28th N.B. N.N.E. 204 45 34 42 28
29th N.N.W. 216 47 8 38 0
30th N.N.W. 223 47 55 • 33 10

31st E.S.E. 205 48 46 28 15
Nov. Ist E. E. by N. 131 49 51 24 48
2d E.N.E. 159 50 22 21 7
3(1 N.E. 218 50 42 15 47
4th N.E. by N. 230 51 10 11 21
sth N.W. 270 52 44 5 26
REMARKS EACH DAY.

Light and cloudy, three proceeded to sea, passed the North
American in the river.
Strong gale and cloudy, with heavy sea running.
Strong gale and cloudy, with easterly swell.
Moderate breeze and strong agitated sea.
Stiff breeze and cloudy, with easterly swell.
Hard gale at midnight, and squalls of rain.
Strong gale and dark clouds, with heavy sea.
Hard gale and cloudy, with heavy sea.
Strong breezes and cloudy, with northerly swell.
Steady breezes and cloudy, with northerly swell.
Increasing breeze and cloudy.

Fresh gales towards midnight, with heavy sea.
Strong breezes and cloudy, spoke brig Oscar, of Dartmouth,
from Quebec 17 days.
Fresh gales and cloudy, with heavy swell from N.E.
Fresh breezes and fine, spoke American brig Fame, of Boston.
from New Orleans to Hamburgh, 49 days out, spoke
barque City of Waterford, 30 days from Quebec,
Unsettled breezes and cloudy, spoke brig Bromley, 35 days
from New York.

Increasing breeze and cloudy.
Strong breezes and cloudy, passed in the channel packet-
ship George Washington, and ship lronside ; at eight got
pilot off Point Lynas.
R. S. FAYRER.

BARONESS LEHZEN.—The true' history of a person who
has acquired such influence over the Queen of England may
not be without its usefulness. The Baroness Lezhen was
born in Saxony, where her father, an humble cowherd, em-
ployed her, in early years, in attending to his cows, in milk-
ing, and other occupations of the diary. By some accidental
circumstance she was-seen by the celebrated Duchess of Old-
enburgh, who adopted her, placed her at a school, and having
rendered her a proficient in the language and other accom-
plishments, sent her to this country, with a strong recom-
mendation to her friend and protege, Prince Leopold, who,
out of gratitude to his royal patroness, obtained her a situa-
tion in the household of his sister, the Duchess of Kent,
where she was first received as a waiting-woman, and after-
wards promoted to the _post of nursery-governess to the
Princess Feodore, (now Hoettlohe,) a daughter of the Duch-
ess of Kent by her former marriage. Eventually she was en-
trusted with the early education of the Princess Victoria;
and having obtained a complete ascendancy over the Duchess
of Kent, became a very disagreeable person to all the rest of
the household, more particularly to Sir John Conroy, who
knew her "whereabout,” and could fathom her intriguing
spirit, and therefore watched her closely. In 1828, George
IV. being anxious to show some attention to the Duchess of
Kent and the Princess Victor a, invited them to Windsor ;
and during their stay, at the express wish of the Duchess of
of Kent, created the cow-keeper's daughter a Hanoverian ba-
roness, that she might be admissable, by the side of ber
youthful charge, at the royal table. Her dislike to Sir John
Conroy induced her to sow the seeds of discord between
mother and daughter, but they did not germinate until after
after the death of William IV.

MISCELLANEOUS.
steal°
A failure is said to have taken place in Glasgowje-rdi
to the extent of sixty thousand pounds—Scottish-AO
74,
ASHBURTON ELECTION.—Mr. M4Killi, one •ift „
'
e
of Messrs. Horsley, Palmer and Co., of London, 09 00
red himself a candidate for this borough, on the case
interest.—Eireter Flying Post,
The contractors of the Glasgow and. Paisley Fa bride,
getting on briskly with their respective portions. 1.1!i„c tha
in Tradeston are going on rapidly, and the bra4-eitish
crosses Dixon's railway is now nearly completed.—'
Guardian.
1 i shWaensi on t enesbtiytutthieSuso
Sussex Protestant. Association." We doubt not thifs,
will be hailed with delight by every true friend to nw
ebxeEeextpitrleesds aTthiet tgehntodnctl a t
n ode
oc iES;i
testant institutions.
Mr. Smith, of Blore, exhibited, at Asbourn fair, 01' other
day, the 21st ult. a Cotwold ram, weighing 3921b5;
ram of his own breeding, the weight of which was pirosY
They were considered by all judges to be the finest a
ever exhibited at this fain—Sheffield Patriot.
The Shrewsbury Chronicle says, that a fartorr P',-ft
westry was so enraged with his barometer during th,'',;othef'
favourable weather, that he broke it to pieces ; and 3;0 to
because the "glass " did not suit him, brought it W t
" de Italean," to get it altered.
MORTALITY IN KENUALr—A great number Of -o.ly'
have been swept away witin these few weeks past, bY ~•;10
called the scarlet rash said to have originated is 001'1;10
of the atmosphere, caused by the late rains.--IrlPinD
very plent in the town.
THEreva NEW JuDGE.—Sir Robert Rolfe, solicit`t-giustic
is we understand, appointed to succeed the late Alf"ler
Vaughan. The elevation to the bench of the learned
general will occasion a vacancy in the representation of
mouth; but the Writ commanding the election 0,11/11,
moved for till the commencement of the session.-u-
WITCHCRAFT.—A solicitor of Cambridge has been,,aPcts
to, by a poor but respectable woman, to bring 91",/bqr
against a rich neighbouring farmer, for accusing her ',two!
a witch. The farmer had an ass, which no force pet
would induce to o and he therefore concluded, thatttit
+ $
mat was bewitched, and charged the would-be pia"'
the deed. fors*:
It appears that the consigners.er' opium in Bengal's
taken legal opinions, have resolved to bald their conswi,
liable for giving up their consignments of tht iirtg; t°,it V.
intendent Elliot, without their authority ; and in t,'„'"Olit.
understood that the consignees will look to CaP°l
for reparation ; thus, out of this peculiar transaau°ll3forg'
very intricate legal proceedings may be anticipated.'"
icy Herald.
CHnioos FACT.—Twelve tin packets of preserved vloger
in a wooden box, have been brought up from the Pr;
George; stamped " Conserve Artichena de Catron' thf:
seilles." Neither vinegar nor pickle had been usAc",:trel
had been boiled and placed in airtight vessels, and 6e
fresh and fit for use as when first enclosed: 'fief "`"-
fifty-seven years under water I—Kentish Observer, rjoe
OUTDOING JONATHAN.—A farmer in the neighb°llootlX:;
of Ashbourn, in getting up on Monday last
called Brown George, which had been set on a 13,100
newly dug-up peaty turf land, last spring, near,;(oci'l
Wood, was completely set fast in getting up one Of I,#`
and actually went to fetch an iron crow with wbicb
scetsb'
complished his task, and turned out several potatoes,„,irill'
ing between two and three pounds each.—Sheyield f '01.11.1
THE CUSTOMS, GLASGOW.--h • • crease 40
e growing tinte-if
Customs duties,
payable at the port of Clyde, et'! f
evince most pleasingly the industry and enterpr"
a sort of P.ece e.
mercantile community. We have been informed tba.a of'
ness continues to extend so rapidly, that the dutics!..scol
to the end of October, show an increase of X62,ouu' ,1131,tt'
pared with the corresponding period of last year ; an
end of 1839 the duties are expected to reach near"l
altogether, half a million sterling.—Scottish Gnardiati
je ' .
Preparations are making at the Lazareto of Malleni of
tba
we learn by the papers of that place, for the recePW-tyel
Duke of Orleans, who will have to perform quaransvit
his return from Africa. " Instead of naked walls_Lftplor:
most total destitution of furniture," says the ,S.r"ittl..
" the prince will find the building converted into 611 'e
abode. Chambers and saloons, suitably decorated ,110:`
arranged to receive the prince and his suite, and o,,caciolil
ings with vases and festoons of flowers have been -

distributed in the apartments."
,b, olfliell
ROMANCE IN REALITY.—M. de S—y,
his family, fell in love with a young widow, the ve"
of the house of M—l. Between the two families $ obt
Capulet and Montague hatred existed, and a I°ll
pending, the result of which would impoverish
The young lover suddenly cooled in his attentions be Ott
a lawyer—and, devoting himself to study, cained t. 510.1;.0
for his own family, ruining that of his lady
from his only hate, but with a chivalrous spirit o°l' -obnoc.til
to his age, country, or profession, he no sooner
and 0),
, the judgment than he waited on the young widow,
the offer of his hand and heart restored her for`, 10
friar, a nurse, a phial, and, perhaps, a Shakspear''
make a play of this story. n •
CURIOUS CASE OF HORSE STEALING.—f. -13 "511,6
Hurley, who in addition to farming a small quantiticee,boi,
is occasionally employed by Mr. Shelly, tile t, ,‘,405c,,1
breeder and trainer, who resides near Maresfiold, brc`io
had been entrusted by that gentleman t o take t"- ofv)
mares to London. He stopped to bait at the Halficler t,,i/11$
the Godstone road, and, while, he was there, the csn
him that a suspicious-looking man had just Put 111,a3bei'4
horse, which he had very good reason to believe avarit:,
stolen somewhere out of the country, and hewislic
d s‘•
to go and look at the horse. Burley at first refuse 00004
was no business of his; but he at length consented, ait hiS
fi in p
into the stable he was very much surprised to "" e
horse, which he supposed was quietly grazing-, at 11°I;t1beoli,,I
paddock, was the object of the ostler's suspicion.. neil,
who had brought the horse was immediately qucstlo.
cor
was ultimately committed to take his trial. r bo•
A GENTEEL HINT.—An American conteraP°-:the
tains the following advertisement, " Mr. Brown Wl', woo
nour to announce that he has received instructiop'rriet;4
pose of by public auction the balances due to the Pitfor tb
of this journal, which have remained undischargeol slop
years ending Midsummer last. The day of sale be,"
be announced, when particulars with conditions ni'll'i.hoor
at the office of this paper, and the inns in the neighb° lot lc
REPRESENTATION OF RA DNORSIIIRE.—ActhesciI6I
gistration of this county a great number of 1111-'.oaPpg
supporters have been knocked off the list. The ;,boteplt
be that at the next election Mr. W. (who goes the 1.11, Woo
with the radicals) is certain of defeat ; and Sir .1° sit fief
will take his place. Mr. Wilkins's majority °Y9r,prise:tV,
at the late contest was only 27 ; and these were rell ire, 00
some of our conservative neighbours of Brecon' err,/
had votes in the' county of Radnor, and, to thele`,peo'
shame, supported Mr. 'Wilkins out of personal ,do
Bristol Journal. Fri
ENORMOUS SEAL.—A great seal was taken, t Itb
,rt.
last, near Dublin, by an old boatman named Tal° *re Whip,'
fishing with a line and bait-hook, he saw the creatu,r(Py
ing on the waves, and manfully gulled his boat too, ilit%ir
Having approached near enough, he, in a rude Ic°e; tb&IP
rope over his prey which accidentally caught sin the
tenor fin, and embraced in its noose the fore part 01,0
He then, by the force of his oars, dragged the stroqtoovii
mal after his boat, to shore, a distance of yoreacti,,,er
miles, where it died immediately after being st-11weig`I.
eight feet long, nearly six in circumference, an
wards of five hundred pounds.
DEATH OF THE HON. ARCHDEACON TR
LINASLOE, OCT. 31, 1839.—1 t is with pain an reg
I have to announce to you the demise of this 9011 t
minded, and excellent Christian, which took plaees-feleror
Macknay, at half-past twelve last night. TYP" of
the disease which removed him from the scene cog:;40;
fulness, and carried him off in a few days. ,14efitterd,',6°
infection during his spiritual vocation, 'l3'..ltr.g
the sick bed of one of his poor parishioners. 'roll t`o?,
he was unceasing in his endeavours for the spire his vld,r
of those to whom he was, sent to minister, arlie" CIP"
and conversation exhibited practically what t it
should be in word and deed.—Leinstcr ExPress.
FetOV'
CbtAit
A FLIGHT OF CROSSBILLS.—LateIy at es- „,ht ofb t>
shire, this rare and beautiful bird was seen in an') orcTt%,
18 or 20, alighting on the 'tops of pine trees °` boltvit°
cone of which it opens with adroit neatPos' ec10.,044
in one claw, like a parrot, and picking out the ande cri
were of various colours, brown, green, yellow, our, har IjiriTg
and some entirely of the most lovely rose e,°';.,Ferll",bVe3
and climbing and fanciful attitudes, and Lonelii relfto,
group of small paroquets. Their unusual st,e
the quick chirp of linnets, but much louder, firli'd
attention. These birds are natives of Germany
rennees, and are very rarely seen in England.
STEAM-BOAT COLLISION.—About half-Po-
evening of Friday last, and when it was da .14 ste
collision took place near Port-Glasgow, betselP'passej,l'ife;
Royal Tar, proceeding down to Greenock with froolAli.4el
and-the City of Glasgow on her homeward trip the ps:o
pool. As the latter is by far the heavier shiP' the ej
was so severe, that a large hole was driven int°500130:0,,,
the Tar, and the forward part of the deck was vrere,,,t,P`oi
splinters. On the concussion the passengered f°' oo!is4
from their feet, and the utmost alarm pre_v,Bllo.o,,s, 4
The smaller steamer was carried into Port-u,t,"has r:g
since moved up the river for repairs. The l't,pis-lcvil'
cut-water. It is reported that a boy was faun"
the accident, and is supposed to be drool°
to 40 br
Guardian. 05,000j9
THE QUEEN'S MARRIAGE.—There is everYtroo'i-oire(
lieve that the " course of true love"- does,ll.°,oo4irr
" smooth" at Macaulay's "Windsor Castle, ' d
and his nurse, the Baroness Lehzen, exneete /rod 0,1:0#
this proceeds from Tudor temper vagaries, °r f tbe trctoio
o
towardness, to which we alluded last Yea“ r
Prince's disposition, or from the fact that 03,
George of Cambridge is returning to &giro )trie
every personal and mental accomplish men`i: Caslo`l7o
Sir James Clark has again been a guest at tu,'" ts of $,,„,c4
now useless to argue upon this indecent floilti°74s '
feelings—'tis but another feather to the Car,,iifie.
that Camel shall not be the people of Englan:,, 7,1
inteP
DISASTROUS EFFECTS OF PASSION.-- Wer
just reached this city of an event which tee ort oso,
last few days at one of the Monmouthshire froolo sto
a very melancholy nature. It would Ono! 0,110.tter,1,4
formation that on Monday last an ironm ,aste,_ of rr;:resjoi
we do not think it right in the present stal%o
publish, was engaged in paying_his men, whe% the ecil ter
arose between him and one of the labourers, in the
which the former kicked the latter with sorbs, to 'pi if,
groin as to produce consequences so seriou'death:oo,sol
minated on Thursday in the poor mans 004:
nouncing so painful a fact, we have some coPed in
oblot'':
ing enabled to state that the person u
jionivnotlid'e,sloslectio
jet';li;
swchaelaaarlmethhitoyyldierisroninnmoaatstoenrse of the well-known ilootc',0;,01
meet. This event is comparativelytohfe tnhl
oerebetfoorbee
to have created great excitement annrteaogrnirlegetdsttell:titi;
miners of the district generally, who were 01_1_,i,ich ,00Th
ing from that discontent and disquietude '.`.t dew 0'
art!' A.,11,,
generated amongst them by some of the
.50
—Bristol Journal. ch „atl
IRISH MANUFACTURES.—It gives US '0°1; tll,ef4
learn the increasing demand for that beatitittliorics:oe.
the Irish Poplin, now so very fashionable..acostut,,,,oo,i'/,
bility and gentry for morning and evenin' i5h,(3.0401,411t
this we are chiefly indebted to the Quen,',ll3ll rAlooly
share of royal patronage on this, as well os_e-ariagccasioltgo
facture generally—her Majesty invariably has c,„.1401,,
brics. For many years the Duchess of Ken'ociasnes4;
ordered dresses of Irish Poplin, which has
sap'
jo:tee,,r
them into more general notice. The sahribitshe
participated in by the Queen, promoting itie t'llsc!cde
and enterprise amongst her subjects this '•etl prt
well as amongst those less remote—her nieteijialludrre,sl'ollo
dered last week several dresses both flow&iiee;10)0fo,
Those forwarded from Atkinson and Co.,ocadi'
yen on the new prjnciple by the French 'l,l_l.o,loL:oiteoi
are considered to equal the most admireoi rd „%911..51);ti1i
foreign loom for brilliancy of colours a inelglnfsi'd.efiet
We understand that the Queen of fnceastle, !,(1,
transmitted to her, whilst at Windsor 10.00$ by
poplin dresses both tissued in gold and .ce firlen'enir,"eg_A
from patterns 'forwarded from this extensl 11,0111,estyvoi
the,Duchess of Kent. This branch ofr.u, s ororctiot!,"
theiremployment
families t
ion a!
Dublina rge portiono.em
arkoafbli
en iflours
tt,h.zeo.:::;rorociceicr-eorr; Pr
produced, as we have no doubt by a P.°Fsaafi°
their time and regular ernployment'--
Letter.

stero
Olaggcm ATe reiaN.
reottish ;0„,
Li, one 0,1" five
1111,
n
)n the consero

'aisley
ions. Tlbt S„e fish
•Ip
,a cceiti,
n 1 e

to 00.
intended - fot
3righton 0.11,06(0
übt not tinE-
friend to or

)urn fair, 011..1;001er
ig 39211)s ; a344,1V.
which was
the finest an

pia.
_or Or
a farina N, tar
during tl''aotl:ef'
gees; and an }1 t
u ht A to to
umber of rßb,,t
ks past, bY
.thR
00'.
solicitOlastice
le late Mr, 10.0
'le learned 50,
resentation _.°o`t
td
lection
ess,; on• pP De,
i,

as been "cioa
,;e
) bring alit
ber %so,.
'oree pf pett' an
aded, that he
I-be Plain°

in Beng3l,sllisaosle':
ti their c°itsureri"
drtig. to
tnro
and In
to CaPtts tore
transac"j_nyolr'
ticipated.

sag
f preserved be
fa i
from the Mar,
de Catroe;
been use ° :co is
easels,and
• he,' has
bserver.
:he neighbou,,coro;
; a eort P?'c'e e.
set on a ri3rwije.,,
ag, Near root,
one 01 b,s
Pith which
wee.:
potatoes,vairiof
sh ef field , d
jog increa..o°4,l,,t(
3yde, en.e„„tl (1,
enterpor- t pig
.A
or,,,ed . ,
the dut asce 6
;C62,olfinn-dbi
th
t year; 8,,
ac
shh ne
Gtiardla •
sei
)of M '
af;,,, tbe.
ie reeeP"-ntipc e,
arm guar 3 601
;ed walla, ,har,
s the Selll'elef";
A into An .elje
co rate,. rich bail'/
te, and rie
re been t3'
.f

, an" v
P.A
TitE.N- rtV
d dee, Div
ihiasnamiBiebiis.;oi
k place g;everif
TyPh"s f
la o bt
Feel 011.4.,g
Ile vd:
sttisl4
.111 ae O
jts
; pi ri ta.sl;,.
and hisClirFir
tat the r
r ess • sb,o,
';„Few ,' f
t
es an-bl‘ol°l.if;
wess,
the seed,. crlPgl;
ow, an-r
110'
oiou
note,
• first die
,any

°n .t
osis
padE. rk, -
te otrs,
te
xethe --elw
•etiii P3e.;
fr°llcelh;4
,Ship
the
the
into 3,1e
1,0
735 °ere
prs vr r
fo
800
is,r
loetsP:fl
ICd i y
t
n qint' sco
)-01;e61.--

THEATRE-ROYAL, LIVERPOOL.
FOR Tzar _

e I3ENEFIT OF THE RUSSIAIV NATIONAL
QERS, THE FAMILY MATWEITSCH, _
Ivh,""ained so much celebrity last season in London, and
Thakl;rforrned before Her Majesty the Queen, at Bu.cking-
Ilis alaee, and at many of the Nobility's Concert.
be Present FRIDAY EVENING, the Bth instant, will
Performed Shakspeare's Tragedy of
HAMLET.
Hamlet Mr. Stuart.
l'olcZe Ghost of Hamlet's Father Mr. Gray.
-118** ' • • • • . Mr. Baker. I Laertes.... Mr. W. Howard.
The a First Gravedi wer Mr. Slaiter.
.lueen• • Miss Cleatr. J Ophelia .... Miss Faucit.
After the Tragedy, a
CONCERT
'PI the Celebrated Russian National Singers,
THE FAMILY MATWEITSCH.
To conclude with the new Drama, called
CHAOS IS COME AGAIN;
.°llO eh__ OR, THE RACE BALL.
hack .;;Qus ...
...
,kr 'utince (his Nephew) ...... W. Howard.
Ott w • G• VANDENH OFF, of the Theatre-Royal
firtit;Oarden is ged for Five Nights,_ and will make
4PPeara'ne en
ngathi stage on MONDAY next, the
ilb,.l.pitnsittavntrs. viLhene.rwlll be 'revived the Comedy of RULE A
th HAN E A WIFE. Leon, Mr. J. G. Vandeconn-
e character in which he made his first appearance
A'bh,4ge; 'Michael Perez, Mr. W. Howard ; Old Woman,
f.gtif Raker; Ny_•
.itiu ; Margaritta, Miss Cleaver ;
FaucitAN . TO
conclude with the Melo-Drama
HIS MEN.

LIVER THEATRE, CHURCH STREET.

LAST WEEK OF THE
P"EAT WIZARD OF THE NORTH !
T present Evenin,r, (FRIDAY) the Bth and PT present
lilrtiAZ IPAPPEe DOZtianhlS, FEATS OF
MAGIC%
mR• C• SLOMAN WILL APPEAR.

s
1,, On MONDAY, Noveianber,ll,
tAri,7l„E LAST NIGHT BUT FOUR!
-,LE CHANGE OF PERFORMANCS !
C„I'IEIV AND BRILLIANT FEATS OF MAGIC !
"ncluding with his original and unparalleled
GUN TRICK !! !

0n FRIDAY, November 15,
p"
th Poi? ",
°c SITIVEL
BE NEFIT Y ,OF LAST NIGI1T!
'HETHE WIZARD.
ca.sion a splendid display of the Wizard's un-
equalled talents will be made.

TO CORRESPONDENTS.
4e,111
PtibliPliance with the wishes of "An Elector" We have
tlecti;,
relied
ea, in another column, an account of the `Liverpool
), L.' Akas' since the year 1761. We believe its accuracy
94,
hetie3lon'
N.,%,,...___cfrespondents must have patience.
Xitittpoof &tanbar:ri..
pittb
41Y NoRIVING, NOVEMBER 8, 1339.

\lm 'lle steam
4liepo , -ship Liverpool, which arrived here on
,::43, we have received New York papers to the
are
,11411110, inclusive. The contents of these papers.
'tfe(:ceedingly interesting and important, especially in
teacje'llee to monetary affairs. Not to burden our
Itate with too many extracts, we shall proceed to
41pv'e a 4 Clearly and succinctly as we can, the various
States,
froa4le
uts in the money market of the United
the
it • st to the 19th ultimo.
be in the recollection of our readers that when
*a% i:4li Queen left New York the money market
lair: a very uncertain state, and that mercantile
;})') generally .
elgli were the subject of deep amxietyentlY to that period matters became almost
liattYl,:°rse and worse, until at length the Philadelphia
Here ' together with several of the Southern Banks,
of
.ile°4lPelled to resort to the unpleasant alternative
Pet:isiPeuding specie payments. The progress of this
1
4 4;4:: the money market we shall proceed to detail
.c"). as Possible. •
trkt,rl the Itt of October a moderate business was
advaa-"acted at the Stock Exchange, at prices showing an
f!e,4l some descriptions. News was received that.
ttitie°r:i!ne failure of the Chelsea Bank, a small insti-
or;r'ing but a limited circulation.
lmpthe 2d of October there was no new feature of
Pierethtadrice in the money market. The Morning Cou-
for t°C Nuirer (to which journal we are indebted
tepti ese Particulars) states that Stocks, with the exd-.
h.°841,0f United States Bank, had further advance
4044,- t,",is day announced that the stockholders of the
Itiatiti'e"ier Bank, Vermont, had determined upon
iett,-114 uP their affairs after the Ist of January next.
eett
tul \vas selling freely at New Orleans.
410keistate of the money market began to assume a
le at'aluing aspect on the 4th of October. Rumours
B41;11 s'c' be spread respecting the failure of several re-
t table ho
w uses. The stock
.of the United States
ql4e. a 8 offered at par, with little disposition to pur-
-6.1_
I
1%, of October was ag
ain marked by increased
leg e;I:e in the money market, and difficulty in obtain-
-4diti2ll,. accommodation. At no time during the pre-
tack,' lewmonths was the market characterised by a
eaktilitifavourable'appearance, though, as yet no mer-
disasterssasters of consequence had been produced.
alai it y was a very severe one at Philadelphia also,
at~kHasse r3'
off without any failures. United Statesd
ttript•"tuek had declined to par, and several other. e-
tiayel°lls showed a falling off. Sterling Bills, at sixty
kia sight, drawn by the Girard Bank of Philadel
lon Ott i‘lessrs. Morrison, Cryder, and Co., of Lon-
* r„, and endorsed by the Batik of the United States,
uhe te—os at 1091
to the extent of f 50,000 sterling.nsi;.
tleted eucy of this supply of sterling bills vabs.lls
and
t,ite largeilly beneficial, as the quality of the
4)91 supply, had established the market rate at
fltheris-mitis checking the export of bullion, and inducing.l
ttotie, 4) offer their bills at a similar rate.
.offi
thalvt. as this day given, by Mr. Samuel A. Wincing .
liets„itthe " Willoughby Bank" had suspended busi-
umellac.B-1 demands having been paid excepting 2000
lOrk it' 'which would be redeemed in specie at the New
neellauies' Banking Association. Specie con-
-eeti et- arrive at Nev Orleans, 57,000 dollars having
O:3s9taleived from Tampico. Cotton to the amount
matink-,ries had also been received at the same place
1\;0;:ge four days previous to the 25th of September.
ell IC"' feature presented itself in the Money Market
tielire,tektBth of October, though a general feeling of
kid C°l.ll existed. Sterling bills were this day also
%1 10° to
amount of £5,000 or £6,000. The Liver-
145,00Pc'et Ship of 'the previous day had taken out
/th, dollars
in specie, and the Havre packet of the
that th°'°oo dollars. Advices from Savannah stated,
,e la: total deficiency in the receipts of Cotton for
4("111,28-7-1)aiaesso.ri, as compared with the previous, was
a (Iti:ileo,urier and Enquirer of October the 10th, gives
Pensio4 Ot the circumstances connected with the sus-
,tt Rat? 6Peeie payments by the banks of Philadelphia.
4011118; that Wall-street, and the city generally, was
41,Nneenrit° an extraordinary excitement by the an-
rlted ,erlt °n the day previous, that the bank of the
-.eeive -t-ttates in New York -had not only refused to
s'hYlvatii notes of the United States bank in Pen-
Pe a 111 deP°sit, but had also refused to redeem
(.1-‘ at post
-44" of the United States bank made paya-
Nlve\rew York. The fact that the post notes falling
ally he dishonoured at the agency where they had
latic Duljheen Paid, produced an universal conviction in
:1411,:, mind that the bank of the United States,
I,lPeocf Cher banks in Philadelphia, had determined to
haoo),e,cie Payments and that the instructions to
of New York were founded upon that deter •un.
,t/a Cond"18 impression gave rise to expressions of
• -,,eranation of the government, on account
bitts vv against the bank of the United States. •
Ntile e loth of October, the attention of the mer-
-I,th eotrim •
lahPiensioo titruty was entirely engrossed by the actual
It °A specie payments by the Philadelphia
wools anticipated that all the southern banks
tion ohluw the
to as al example. Business of every descrip-
tors.(!et rnost at a stand. The city banks continued
feadily
etl°f 411 the b uemands upon them. The direc-
fi t° eontin 'lnks expressed their firm determina-
et.it
et. of accomplishing. Philadelphia bank notes
Ivere early in
eti afterw-.., the day at 10 per cent discount,_ but_ts
vhil• afus taken at 7to 7id per cent. Drat
4'elPhia
the I ere unsaleable at 93 per cent..
mt.-
410,4 to berth . he subject of monetary affairs c
ofi
xiottgeY was fetill, e all-absorbing topic. The scarcity
of 4 could _t as severely as ever: Philadelphia Bank
s
of tlitelling bn'ollt be
sold at less than 10 per cent. Sale
or title !lay, at
140' at 6o days, were made, in the course
Lit
"Per Per cent. premium. All descriptions
11,44;1tt1e hon e in a state of great stagnation.
before,
retriai_ ! Was done on the 12th. The money
phiialicieU in the same position as on the day
tot,etsettt• elPhia Bank notes were selling at 10
tlit-ging the,: money-brokers were very backward in
eke,ltotes
of" Some of the banks refused to receive
Aange,or th he otrs on deposit. The transactions in
e Packets of the day were very limited.

The Wellington (for London) took out £58,000 in

sterling..

The 15th was the day on which the market began
to rally a little. A much more confident feeling was
prevalent that the city banks would be able to main-
tain specie payments, though those institutions them-
selves had never expressed a doubt on the subject.
Supplies of specie had reached the city from Canada,
Philadelphia, and other places, which had been pro-
ductive of a very beneficial effect. United States Bank
shares closed at 80.

The state of the money market on the three follow-
ing days, up to the evening preceding the departure of
the Liverpool, will be found described at considerably
greater length in another column. The latest accounts
will be found of a cheering complexion. At Philadel-
phia money matters were becoming gradually more
easy—the merchants had assumed a more pleasant
look—and the prices of most articles of merchandise
were advancing. At New York all the banks conti-
nued to meet their engagements in specie. There was,
however, no run upon them for specie; nor, indeed,
was there any probability that any such demand would
come from any quarter, the "balance of indebtedness"
with other parts of the Union, and that of foreign ex-
change, being in their favour. The transactions in
exchange on Europe, for transmission by the packets
of the 19th, were to a moderate extent only, on both
England and France. Sterling bills drawn by the
banks, as also those furnished by private houses,
ranged from 91 to 10 per cent. premium. The export
of specie by the Louis Philippe, for Havre, was small,
amounting only to 42,000 ' dollars. The Liverpool
brought specie, chiefly in sovereigns, to the amount of
£BO,OOO. The shipments of specie for the last month
have thus been exceedingly small, in comparison with
the amounts forwarded in each of the five previous
months.

The people'of England are probably not aware that
very large quantities of wheat have, of late years, been
imported into -the United States. This was especially
the case in 1837, when 3,921,259 bushels were im-
ported. The importation for that year far exceeded
the total amount of imports of that grain since the
settlement of the Union. From a tabular statement
which appears in the New York Price Current, we
deduce the following particulars :—The quantity of
wheat imported into the United States, from the year
1831 to the year 1838, both inclusive, was 5,593,075
bushels. The exportation of wheat during the same
period amounted to 640,001 bushels. The exportation
of wheat flour in the same years amounted to 6 614,244.
Although the gross amount of exports, including that
of grain and flour, for the whole of the above period,
is considerably greater than the total amount of im-
ports, the balance is greatly against the United States
if we take only the last two years. In 1837 and 1838
the imports amounted to 4,765,795 bushels ; whilst
the exports of wheat in grain amounted only to 23,594
bushels, and the exports of wheat flour to 766,870
barrels. The excess of the imports over the exports
during these years may possibly, in some measure, ac-
count for the drain of specie from the United States.
A short time since, very extensive seizures of im_
ported woollen goods were made in various parts of
the United States, for alleged violations of the revenue
laws. In reference to these seizures, an elaborate opi-
nion has been published by Chancellor Kent in the
New York Express. The Chancellor insists upon the
strict legality of the proceedings adopted bythe bus-
tom-house officers. He maintains that the right of
seizure applies to "concealed goods, or goods suspect-
ed to be concealed, and which are subject to duty, that
is in cases where the duties have not been paid." He
further gives it as his opinion, that "if goods be un-
lawfully and without due warrant seized by the col-
lector, the importer has his action of trespass or trover
against him for the violation of property; but if duly
seized, even after the duties have been paid, and before
the packages have been delivered up, for fraud, as in
the supposed case of false and fraudulent entries and
invoices, the importer cannot recover back the duties
paid." _ _

The Boston Atlas states, that a large meeting of the
most respectable and substantial merchants of that city
was held on the 16th ultimo, at which it was resolved,
with entire unanimity, "-to call upon the banks, in the
pres.mt exigency of aifairg, to step forward, and fur-
nish the relief which the immediate demands of the
country rendered imperative should be granted."

The. Messrs. Ruiz and Montez, of the island of
Cuba, who were overpowered by their slaves, on hoard
the Spanish schooner Amistad, and from whom they
were rescued by an United States ship of war, after
enduring the most horrid tortures, were suffering in-
carceration in the common jail at New York. The
Courier and Enquirer asks why they were confined ?
What crime had they committed ? They held slaves
in Cuba, but this.the laws of Cuba sanctioned. They
purchased slaves in Cuba, and transported them from
one part of the island to another. This, too, the laws
of Cuba allowed. And yet they were - confined in
prison at New York, where they had done no wrong
whatever. It seems that they were arrested at the in-
stance of the abolitionists, " for imprisoning, beating,
and wounding" certain of the refractory slaves on
board of the Amistad. This is a fine instance of the
notions of justice entertained by the self-styled "friends
of the negroes." These gentlemen, thus tyrannically
treated, had actually been incarcerated by their own
piratical slaves, and deprived of their property in the
most atrocious manner, and, as a consolation to them
under their privations, they are consigned to prison to
abide the issue of an expensive law-suit ! It is tole-
rably evident from this, that those who are loudest in
their clamours for liberty are not always those who
exemplify their principles and professions by their
practice.

The news from Canada is not of much import-
Fifty-eight of the Canadian rebels under sen-
ence of death were shipped on board the steamer
British America. to be re-shipped on board the trans-
port Buffalo, in which they were to be transported to
Botany Bay for life. They were chained in couples,
and escorted to the steamer by a guard of the 24th
Regiment. The Upper Canada rebels and brigands,
whose sentences of death were commuted to transpor-
tation for life, had arrived at Montreal: they were
shipped on board the St George, and were destined to
the same fate as the other rebels. Twenty-five prison-
ers were to be released on giving satisfactory security
that they would leave the province in 48 hours after
their liberation, and never return to it again. Two
others, Levesque and Prieur, were to enter into the
same arrangement, with this difference, that they
were to remove 600 miles from the province. Bill
Johnston, the pirate of the thousand isles, was still
in custody, and would be tried, it was believed, at the
next term of the United States court at Albany.

Governor Arthur had authorised the formation of a
limited police establishment, along the Niagara frontier,
for the purpose of checking the acts of incendiarism
so frequent in that quarter.
A meeting •of the citizens of Montreal was to be
held, for the purpose of addressing. Sir John Colborne,
the esteemed governor of the province, on the occasion
of his departure for England. Sir John seems to have
" won golden opinions" from every loyal inhabitant in
Canada.

The news from Texas is to the 12th of September.
Houston was all in a hustle, making preparations for
the removal of the public offices to the new seat of
government, at Austin.
Advices had been received at Honduras from Central
America to the 24th of August. The Confederacy was
essentially dissolved. Most of the States claimed to
he independent of each other in the strictest sense of
the word. The States of Salvador and Guatemala, and
those of Salvador and Los Altos, had concluded
treaties of peace and perpetual friendship with each
other as with foreign powers. Some of the articles in
these treaties militate very strongly against the interests
of this country. These articles were occasioned, it is
stated, by the claim set up by Great Britain to the
Island of Ruatan; in accordance with which claim,
a British naval force lately took possession of the said
island. It is situated on the Atlantic coast, not very
far from Belize. These treaties stipulate that the re-
presentatives in the Convention of the contracting
States shall be sufficiently authorised to treat on the
most favourable measures for the recovery of the
Island of Ruatan. The contracting parties also agree
that no production of the agricultural industry, or
manufacture of an English possession, shall be ad-
mitted into the States, although it may come under
the flag of any nation whatsoever ; that no goods from
any nation, although it be a friendly one, shall be ad-

mitted if they come in an English vessel—and that
these prohibitions shall continue so long as England
refuses to put Central America again in possession of
the island of Ruatan. It appears that the department
of San Miguel, and other villages of San Salvador,
had risen, and troops from the State of Honduras
covered the country as far as the river Sempa.
Carrera had issued a proclamation to all the military
of Gauternala, directing them to prepare to repel the
attacks of the President Morazan, against Honduras
and Nicaragua, for which purpose it was said that the
latter had been collecting ttoops.

A violent hurricane had visited Bermuda on the
11th of September, doing great damage to the houses
of the towns of Hamilton and St, George.
Advices from Monte Video state that the French
fleet in the river Plate, about 48 sail, continue vigor-
ously to enforce the blockade. On the 17th of August,
they made an ineffectual attempt to land at a place
called Leconcis, about 30 miles from Buenos Ayres :
they were repulsed with considerable loss.
The news from Panama was to the 28th August.
It was believed that there would he another break out
in Lima as soon as the Chilian troops left. Santa
Cruz and his adherents were refugees in Guayaquil.
General Lafuente commanded in Lima.

The good cause triumphs everywhere. Never since
the !accession of the Whigs to power in November
1830, have the prospects of the Conservatives been so
favourable as at the present juncture. When we look
back and remember the kind of language used by the
Whig-Radical press during the jubilee of Liberalism,
in all the insolence of unlooked-for and unwonted
success, and contrast it with the present position and
impending fate of that once-powerful paity, we may
be excused in . indulging feelings of honest exultation
over the great and gratifying change.
When—

" Ah ! woful when !
Ah ! for the change 'twixt now and then !"
when Lord Grey had, by the assistance of what one of
his most cordial supporters—Charles Buller—called
" enormous lying," carried the Reform Bill, the mil-
lenium of Whiggery seemed at hand. Toryism was
extinct : those who held its creed were to be searched
for, like the honest man by Diogenes, with a lantern;
and we believe that in one newspaper an advertisement
appeared offering a reward for a specimen of such a
genus, in order that it might be stuffed and kept as a
natural curiosity. The opposition of the House of
Lords was designated by Lord John Russell as " the
whisper of a faction" ; and a reciprocation of compli-
ments, under Treasury franks, took place between the
Government and the Parliament assembled on Newall

Hill—the predecessor and prototype of the heroes of
the Bull-ring, whose recent attempts to carry out the
principle of Reform have met with such signal ingrati-
tude at the hands of Ministers. " The men of Bir-
iningham," we were told, " carried the Reform Bill" ;
and the reward of the men of Birmingham has been a
regiment of dragoons and a posse of London consta-
bles. Such, however, was the- delirium of rapture
which carried away the Whigs, as they looked down
the long vista of patronage and pay which opened on
their sight, that they could see nothing in Bristol riots,
Nottingham conflagrations, and similar expressions of
sympathy on the part of their supporters, but consti-
tutional demonstrations of popular feeling in favour of

themselves and hatred of their opponents.
Well ! every dog must have his day, and they have
had theirs. Look at the state and prospects of Whig-
Radicalism now. From every quarter "as thick as
tale comes post with post," and brings the same dolo-
rous tidings of defeat and discomfiture. In vain have
despatches been transmitted day by day across the
Channel from Ireland, while the struggle has been
going on in the Registration Courts, to keep up the
sinking spirits at Windsor, and declare the game not
lost so long as " the rough, rug-headed kerns" of the
Green Isle are able to overpower the wishes and voice
of England. In vain the maine du palais—Lord Mel-
bourne—redoubles his assiduous attention to Royalty,
and stakes his all upon the chance of making his pre-
sence so indispensable at Court that another Bedcham-
ber Plot shall be attempted before the doors are closed
upon him—for ever. He shudders at the thought of

the bachelor seclusion of home, and remembers that
the kitchen-range in South-street wants repair. In
vain does Babington Macaulay placard the walls of
Edinburgh with bills announcing that he has actually
dined at the Castle, and thus flatter the simple burgh-
ers with the notion that part of his glory is reflected
on themselves. The catastrophe is at hand can-
not be averted, - and the Whigs know it. The result
of the Registration struggle was to decide their fate,
and the cards have turned against them. The advice
of Sir Robert Peel to his party has been vigorously
followed up, and every account we have received con-
firms the cheering view which we take of the future.
The Municipal Elections almost everywhere tell the
same tale ; and it is especially worthy of remark, that
whereas, had they been adverse to the Conservatives,

they would have proved nothing as to the probable
result of a General Election, being in the bands of a
lower class of voters, who are more Accessible to the
arguments, and more easily duped by the cajolery, of
the Liberals,—the fact that they have been favourable
to our cause proves, beyond the possibility of cavil,
that the leaven of sound principles is at last working
through the whole mass of our social system, and that

in a few short months we shall be delivered from the
disgrace and degradation of such an incubus as the
Melbourne Ministry.
A most seasonable article has appeared in Fraser's
Magazine of this month on the state of the Registra-
tion results this year. It is an able and searching ana-

lysis of the subject, and one which will cause confusion
and dismay in the ranks of the enemy. The writer
divides these results under three heads :—(i) Ministe-
rial Gains : under which he shows that, few as the
places are which can boast of them, many of them are
already in the hands of the Whig-Radicals, and in
others the gain is so small that it can lead to'no prac-
tical result. (2) Ineffective results: where the gain on
the part of the Conservatives is hopeless on account of
the strength of the Liberals, or the seats are already in
