CORRESPONDENT

THE JAMAICA QUESTIO]
**l! Although it is rather a violation of a

cognised by the public journals of this county,

a communication addressed to, and publisher

paper—we yield to the wishes of friends whore
to oblige, in copying, from the Times, the follm

subject in which our our readers in general take a

TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIM.
.Sut,—Your paper is understood on many oc
the opinions and the intentions of the Ministi
each be or be not the fact, it cannot be denied
eons implicitly follow in the wake of your
Knowing your power, it is not surprising that t
colonists have read with alarm your journal i

which contains two articles on the subject of th

tween the Government and the Assembly of Ji

have had opportunities of being intimately ii
proceedings of the Jamaica Legislature for ram
venture to offer a few remarks, which 1 hope w.

that the Assembly have advanced no new pretel
ing the right of internal government; nor have

the work of melioration, which alone can affor
the bitterest enemies of the planters to call (
Parliament to interpose between them and their
mot now enter on the question of the omnipotc
ment ; it is enough to express my fervent hope.

of Commons will never set up a claim which
West Indian and North American provinces in
on the broad and intelligible principle of resis
extravagant and monstrous assumption of pow
only end either in the reconquest of the color
arms, in their final separation from the empire,
ing of laws without machinery to give them effec
cannot be enforced, because to enforce them w
struction of all law.

You assert, that the "difference between the
ters and the Governor is but the out-break of
guished fire which smoulders beneath the whole
West Indies."

I agree with you that the colonists are at pre:
long been, in a miserable state of agitation and a.
metaphoricallanguage has that meaning, I agree
the Assembly of Jamaica regards with suspicion,
with fear, every proceeding, both of the local an,
vernment, that bears relation to their affairs. 1
has not heard without concern of the resolutions
subsequent adoption of those resolutions by the
of the speeches of influential members of both bi
Legislature, of the claim of interference set up, a
made in the Commons' House,—all having ref
compulsory manumission of their slaves. No re
eon can be surprised that the colonists are terrific
pect of being brought to trial before a tribunal the
condemned them in the most unmeasured langua
ask you if, amongst the vast crowd of enemies rah
the colonies by self-interest, false humanity, an
there is one to be found who has not resolved to b
very starting-post, that West India slavery is an
of unfeeling tyranny, persecution, and insult., on t
and suffering, unhappiness, and hatred, on the otl
slavery is spoken or thought of, the idea conjured
that of perpetual labour, lacerated backs, man
whips, chains, and dungeons. So long as the Er
believe their countrymen abroad to have laid asi
feelings of humanity and justice, which distinguisl
and to pass their lives in tormenting their fellow-
long will the West Indians refuse to acknowledg
sentatives in Parliament of this portion of the ei
judges of their conduct and disposers of their lives

I can inform you, Sir, of one obstacle which
defeat the designs of our enemies, unless support,
acid army, and possibly even, then,—and that ob
feeling of not having deserved the infamy to which
taen think proper to condemn us. If it can be sh
condition of the negro in Jamaica is a condition
happiness hitherto unattainable by the labouring el
Part of the world,—if it can be shown that he has 1
progress to this state, even before the abolition
'trade, and that there is nothing to prevent his ar:
course of time, at perfect freedom,—and if, also, it c
that his premature emancipation will be equally
himself, to his master, and to the nation, I trust yo
that for these reasons, if for no other, it will be th
to leave the question in the hands of the local I
Who have hitherto—for I confidently assert the fact-
ifully and humanely treated it.

I know the value of your space, and that probab
short essay will not be admitted. If, however, I m
kistaken, I shall proceed to adduce proofs innumei
truth of my statements.

Before I could despatch this writing to your of
een your paper of Saturday, containing the letter of
44d your editorial comments thereon. It is
Marcus" gives too wide an interpretation to the
The British Parliament by that act only abandone,
to levy internal duties; but if the Imperial Parlian

lawfully take from the colonies a portion of their inc
gape of taxes, how can it deprive them of the cultival
Ands. If emancipation means anything except aln
t't name, the negroes will have the choice of labour (
they will certainly choose the latter, and the plat
*ill return to their original forests. • It never can
iSt the self-denying ordinance of 1778, while it s

right of taking a small part, retained the powe

tg of the whole of the colonists' possessions. if
Id dangerous power be contended for, then, I say
suspicion and jealousy of the designs of the tritis
I:itnmons entertained by the Jamaica Assembly are
'4 and reasonable. I must be excused if I do not
b'elght to " the most solemn resolutinns of the Hou
lons," which you refer as sanctioning the claim of
Ilrliament to omnipotence in colonial government,
ow that the Commons are the best judges of their
11(1 especially when the case in which they assum
been already considered and decided by King,
'unons.*

Marcus," in reply to your statement that the L
attires would do nothing to raise the social cowl
141ve, invites your attention to the proceedings of ti
Bislature. You refuse to afford a serious answer t
Londent's assumption, that Jamaica has spontanc
1 th to ameliorate the character of slavery, and
that a serious answer would appear ironical.
',ken on this matter lightly, and without your usw
‘434. It surely is a substantial boon to the slave tb
Lholding personal property is extended to him b

for small sums be can recover property by suz

Z:s; while for larger he may, in the name of his (
oat
in the upper courts. However imperfect the
't this new law seems to give to the negro, yet i

r CMCI
Itos. ton the ancient system, and in practice,
Itt,
q the customs of the colony, it effectually secure
4 g deprived of his peculium. If, however, the laN
negro property is imperfect, the same charge
1/de against the clause which admits his evidence ix
i kinal and civil. The negro slave may now accu
You further support Lord Mulgrave's doctrine of the I
kb.els of Parliament by referring to " the highest legal
Slirme to request you to name these highest h
1 I may consult them for the information on the
