THE RADICAL DINNER.

It was announced in the placards before alluded to that a
public dinner would, in the evening, be given at the Queen's
Theatre to Mr. Attwood and the other orators of the party.
Mr. Attwood did not attend either the Liverpool or Manches-
ter demonstration, but in accordance with the announcement
the dinner took place at six o'clock.
The circle of the theatre was boarded over, a scene was
closed in across the stage immediately behind the proscenium,
In front of thin was the cross, or principal table which accom-
modated about seventeen or eighteen. Five tables, very
neatly laid, extended from one end to the other nf the apart-
meat thus formed,—the boxes forming three sides, and the
scene above mentioned the fourth. 'the tickets, price three
shillings each, entitled each visiter to a lady's admission. Ac-
cordingly 180 females assembled in the boxes, to witness the
' ceremony of despatching the dinner, and to hear the oratory.
Over the Chairman was suspended an union-jack, and four
smaller banners of a similar description were placed on each
side. A British ensign and two small union-jacks were sus-
pended from the boxes opposite to the chairman. . Several
painted representations of shields, ornamented with armorial
bearings, were suspended round the front to the lower tier.
The dinner did not consist "of the delicacies of the season,"
but of very good and substantial stuff, and the guests, who
were in number about 220, did due honour to the ample pro-
vision spread before them. The principal supply was of roast
beef and plum pudding, and ale in abundance.
The Chair was occupied by Mr. John Clarke, who was sup-
ported on his right by Mr. eargus O'Connor, and on his left
by+llr. Edmunds. At the cross table were also Mr. Cobbett,
Mr. Th o Etta s Smith, Mr. Goodfellow, Mr. Bussey, Mr.Whittie,
and others, whose names we could not learn.
The CHAIRMAN said, they were assembled for the purpose
of celebrating the commencement, of a struggle which had for
its object restoration of a right which they once possessed,
that of choosing the individual who should represent them in
Parliament, that of choosing the men who were to guard
their rights and property in the House of Commons. They
were now at that time of day struggling for the restitution of
what they had been unjustly deprived of. It was a natural
and constitutional right, which could not be alienated. it.
was constitutional because it was declared in an act of Par-
liament, and because, according to constitutional law, every
man was supposed to be present, by himself or his represen-
tative, when the laws were made ; but how could a man be
said to be there when there were two-thirds of the people of
this Kingdom who were not allowed to vote. (An individual
here started up, and made some observation. We understood
him to deny what was advanced by time speaker. Some con-
fusion occurred, but the individual who caused the noise was
promptly turned out ) The chairman proceeded. It had been
asked, on what authority could it be said that the people of
this country at large once possessed the e:ective franchise?
The reply was on the Statute book, where it stood to this day.
There was a petition presented to the King in Parliament.
requesting him to restrain the powers of the people in choos-
ing representatives in parliament, under the pretence that they
exercised it injuriously, and by the act of Bth year of Henry
6th; the prayer of this petition was granted. Before that
every man in England had a right to vote; and every man
-in England claimed the privilege with the proudest and most
wealthy to vote for the return of those who made the laws for
his protection. That act told that the right was once pos-
sessed, or how could it ever have been taken away? The
people had the right by custom, and by the common law of
the land. Why should they not persevere in attempting to
regain that which they had always a right to enjoy? Another
objection made to the extension of the suffrage was, that it
would cause corruption, and that the humbler orders bad al-
ready showed a propensity for cot rupt ion. Corruption at once
gave the idea of a corrupter,—for there could not be corruption
without a corrupter. And who had been and who would still
endeavour to be the corrupters? The wealthy and the great
landholders, who gained by corruption. The Chairman went
on to remark on the objection that was made to the working
classes, because they were not men of property, arguing that
they had an uncommon property in their labour, without which
all other sorts of property were valueless, and citing the opi-
nion and calculations of Mr. Sharman Crawford in support

The Qat en
The thild toas, 4. then given: "111:iv the prine
universal suffrage and all the essentials to the free

of our political rights become the pole star of every
'his country." (Cheers.)
Mr. CORBETT rose and was received with loud
After some apologies for his inadequacy to the iris'
had been assigned him, he said the peculiar situation
tal and the influence which- it possessed,-was the gre;
evil which existed in this country. This was an mi.
could only be removed by that reform in parliament which
they were now seeking. It was capital in land and other
things which alone was represented in the House of Com-
mons. Those who created the wealth were not represented.
That was the grievance. If, however, the people followed
up properly what had been begun, this grievance they would
succeed in removing. Tbey had almost daily under their ob-
servation throughout the whole of Lancashire and Yorkshire,
the horrible evidence that the influence of capital not only
deprived the labourers of what they ought to enjoy, but it
went the horrible length of confining men, women, and
children in prisons of the most unhealthy 'desciiptitin, where
their lives were in daily dauge, and where they were so worked
that they were deformed in their persons, their sex iirmost
changed, and their lives shortened. (Hear.) He did not
hesitate to say, though this had not, in outward appearance,
all the slavery in this country that 'appeared in some. others-
that, virtually, no slaves on the face of the earth ,were so in-
famously tyranised over as the people of this country..";- He
did not hesitate to say that the labourers and •hauclloom
weavers of this country suffered more than had been suffered
by the blacks in the West Indies, ;for whose emancipation
the humanity-mongers had made-such a cry; -If they turned
their eyes amongst the manufacturing. labourers they:would
find scenes which would harrow up their trouts. The• liberal
whig, Lord Althorp, once proposed to levy a'tax; a very light
one—half a crown in the pqund he believed, on all transfers
of stock. They knew very well that the •whigs cutild..earry
out the measure if they pleased. What did
.„Lbytt, Althorp
do? A banker got up and taxed him with a breack na-
tional faith, and he immediately, withdrew the 'motion. He
asked him, if all the bankers, and, as opposite 'to, them, ail
the honest men iu the kingdom, could have induced.the
whig ministry to withdrais• a taxprePorentiVepLeed &tithe
poor! (Cheers.) He would refer them to the poor law
amendment act, and the conduct of the House of Commons
in respect to the factory ••labour question.
,Thy passed an
act to reduce the hours of labour iu factories and never en-
forced it. They said it was so complicated, and be would re-
mark it was of their own frautiog, that it cpuld,nek•lie en-
forced. (Hear.) But they could „enforce, "tlie. ppor-law
bill at the point of the bayonet; yet they never sent any
body but one paid commissioner to enforce this act of re-
ducing the hours of labour. (Cheers-.) • It-wass—ritlieulous
then to suppose that they could ever get spy, good from this
house. They never would do any good of their own accord
—they would never do any good till they were.
Therefore it was absolutely necessary to tell them what was
wanted by the nation, and that if •Thefivoultfriative it in
their way, "we will have it in ours." As they were entering
into a struggle which was to end
-but. with.:strecess*-it. was
proper to consider of the manner, and of the difgeblties
which they would meet with in their path. The mode which
had been-hitherto used, and to which no dissentient voice
had hitherto been raised, was to demand by' petition. They
claimed vote by ballot, universal. suffrage, 'annual parlia-
ments, and paid members. (Cheers.) By taking the course
recommended, they were asking for that to which they'were
entitled by the very laws which those from whom:the demand
was made professed to love and uphold. They,. were, entitled
to universal suffrage and annual parliamenfi by law. These
were all he asked for. The others were but the•detarils. -They
had Magna Charta, which said that
.parliamente, were to be
annual, and that no man in England sbouldbe rasied-Without
his own consent. They could not be represented without
vote by ballot, and without paid members they. could not
have their work properly performed.' He had anhiher'piece
of law to lay down to them, and he should quote'thelautho-
rity of Justice Blackstone, who had. laid jt down, that „there
was no law upon which the punishment oteriine todld be
justified but this: that the man had, bY his represtutatives
in parliament, made the law under whieh„he
He contended that, if that law were correct, a man executed
to-morrow for a crime which was 'passed by alcolsocikOt so
constituted, as they contended it ought, to .be,,was,jgdicially
murdered. He contended that the jodge acting TUT, the
crown, who condemned a man by laws passed by atibltastiOuse,
Committed an act which, by sound constitutional jaw,..instified
rebellion. He liked, on legal questions, to have legal opi-
nions, and he appealed to the gentleman 'neat but Ong on his
left if he was not right. (Hear, hear, and assentirrgs from
Mr. O'Connor.) Mr. Cobbeit proceeded to show ,hqw,pecu-
liarly well England was situated. for a struggle'of,tilsii sort.
He drew parallels between the situations of: -A.marioza and
France at the commencement of their revolutions,, and of
England at the present moment, contending that theLreason
why France failed was, because she had not likwaiu•support
of her assumptions, while America had. precisely this same
laws which England has. He denounced the,crioduct of
Lord Brougham and others, who, he said, had fer•years de-
luded the people with false hopes; and he exhorted them to
trust to themselves, to be firm and persevere. •
The CHAIRMAN proposed the healths of Thomas Altwood,
Esq., and John Fielden, Esq., and success to the unions of
which they had been the promoters. .•
Mr. EDMUNDS of Birmingham, after eompliinentipg the
chairman on his speech, expatiated at solue.lengllt„.on the
importance of union. lie did not know much of Alt... field",
he said, but he eulogised him as a friend of taboos and an
enemy of oppressive capital. He expressed liii:'Pleasure at
seeing so many females present, and said in :Birrniirgbaal
they hart seen a political union composed eutireh of cemales,
from which he predicted great consequences, b`Coa"
nell had been pocketing the money of the Irish peopie-,-(beig
the speaker was interrupted by cries of O'Cennell for ever
and some expressions of disapprobation, Mingled wit'h'Cheers•
There was considerable confusion for some minutes.) Mr.
Edmunds proceeded. ,He insisted- upon his right to arg°o
his own points in his dWn way; no one had any, right 'to dic-
tate to him. He would always support Mr. 'O'Connell when
he supported the cause of the- people. The best way to get
any duty well done was to pay well for ft..-4,ehe-ers.)—the
unfect or those who had duty to do was by a perfect discharge
thereof to please those who paid them. lie would not hold
e
out any alarm. While he would not hold out anyalisplay 0'
their physical power, he would arouse all the assions of the
people, if possible, in this great cause, and 'he would leave
the rest to them. (Cheers.)
The CHAIRMAN said, the next toast was the healtivmf
Thomas Smith and Mr. James. Whittle- the.depattsti"
the Radicals of Liverpool • • ij
Mr. THOMAS SMITH said, though he 'was a of
forty years standing, he had never befereseenso 4,"picioug
an opening. In allusion to the law which the•chaterrian said
had been introduced in the time ofHeUry Vl,fie *a a con-
siderable portion of the nation were then serfs or slaves, s°
that it could not be said the suffrage, was then,,enioyed by all'
Before the conquest all were free, and then iherq,Aas
versal suffrage, so that they contended fortheiones, tbat wet
°
made by their Saxon ancestors before ibe the Be'
roughmonger.s. Mr. Smith informed the meetililecOott eight
individuals of the Birmingham political union, five of the
Manchester union, and two, himself and.M.r.,Wbittle, fromthe Radicals of Liverpool were to lOrtria deputation-.to Lon'
don in order to inforce attention to theirclairus...,,,. ..., • d
Mr. Wurirt.s: said, the opulent classes;o(thikOn
not felt the pressure, and to their own prejudi‘ce..t ey
probably keep aloof. The Ministry he suidliiid pondere'
over the demonstration on Kersal Moor, and had .at, first or
dered out the troops. Afterwards they ordered that they
should be kept close in their barracks, in 'Veder'iliat the/
mieht avoid the coot amination of the population..;;,.;:
The CHAIRMAN next proposed " Real justice to Ireland.
Mr. FEARGUS O'CoNNou replied repre-
senting what he conceived the wretched stater.o ,the Iris
people, from coercion, taxation, and bad eovernment.
1.-
denounced the policy of Mr. onne as use ess, as
mockery, and recommended thaaitire peoplektioitt ofgnglanici
and Ireland should stand up for•theroselves v.thsn they vv00!,.,
find leaders who would be 'with them In't'fli.'coti-WI and '"
the hattle-field. se toq,sar..:
Mr. COLLINS, of Birmingham, proposed Ays,ladis," arid
made a long harangue.
The memory of William.Cobbett, Nlajoreartwitlst; Hea,l
Hunt, and all the illust lions departed advaicate f th, peolue'
was drank in solemn silence.
"'The Great North Union; and suecest, tti;:ltyVtoieds
and responded to by Mr. Bussy. v af• al
:-A
The following toasts were then given.:- 6 uitic
Union of Manchester. and may it thria.'e,";aarrile Radiet
Press of the three kingdoms," .". the Live,rpoolcialorkip
Man's Association." The meeting was addressed by 1‘14,./.-,
Murray, the Rev. Mr. Stephens, Mr. Robintarii,:. and "'"
Looney. The festivities were protracted to a late hour.

•• • !
to
The morning organ of the ministry says, it isglad• toe
that the Duke of Sussex and his friends, Sir' Etussey Vivq,e
and Lord John Churchill, are " clown shooting rabbits" '.O
park of Colonel Wildman, in Nottinghamshire,' "where Ws,
Royal Highness shot from 11 to 12 couple of rabbits 18
Saturday, and appeared as eager about the diversion as 'to'.
of of the party."—Truly this is a queer thing for our 'cout,e,iy
porary to be glad about !—Unless, indeed; his' Royal H'bri
'ness forwarded the glorious spoils to our glad 'conteit.pdr!lo
for the purpose of being smothered in onions for his °
personal sustentation.—Mornioy Herald.'
AN INTRUDER-.—A pig belonging. to ..lir. ifs
Sedberg, a few weeks ago, found its way into „the,A,llol'
owner, and scented out a box of raisins; having found t'to
palatable, on Monday last he again effected.-an entrance lace
the sweet storehouse, but nut finding.,his Oessert, trOls P . of
he appeared highly disappointed. Two .0.r.• three dishesbe,
eggs, however, being placed- on the 'floor; he iti3stanth
gan capering, a la Taytioni, in the traillst,of theitiVtrired sti)t°
of the family having overheard his waltzing, reeledobo'
the street, and had he not been -can& tinte;„4 is Pri,bil
hie that a quantity of glass might have felt the weight c
light fantastic toe.— If-earnoreland Gazette.
- . r
Div EusioN OF ROADS BY RA 11.1 VA YS.-7—Tbe.. Jo
Gratni ess,
tion Railway Company have, with their usual
.co°l„:fter
stopped up a road in the neighbourhood Perry. jai", a
ped
taking a short•road by the side of the railway, have dive
it into the turnpike-road. This, and several other sd'i of
instances of stopping up ancient ways, have given great
rthe
fence to the inhabitants, and the surveyor of the roads
district, desirous to try their right, to commit sociLa Prod'
injustice, passed over the railway to the other Side'Of theireeC
He was summoned before the magist rates for an infrillg,eoe3
of the Railway Act, who felt called upon to con vict„aP°
him in the lowest penalty of Not satisfied
cision of one magistrate, he again passed' the railroad oil
the case was heard on Monday-before the Earl Of
and another magistrate, who, declaring' that 110•0P"°,,
left them by the act of parliament, again inflicted 10.30
est penalty allowed by law. The'cominisaioners orthea
will indict the company for stopping up ancient -:r°
Worcester Journal. • 1.,t0
• . • ine
I NIPIt ISON 111 ENT FOR VERT.-'l.„, C!'e, c.f
operation on the Ist of next mouth ; 'and, .We learilLf best
rious quarters, the harpies of the law are, maliiug•P9urober-
the interval. Unfortunate debtors are in.greate, -13 6'l
than usual arrested on bailable process, or taken:id-o%p act
on cognovits or judgments; and it therefore
of pleasurable .duty to give publicityto. a clause in.. tl'be
sa
which provides relief to unfortunate persons wh° jog ci.,
circumstanced. A morning paper containa.the•baiFirs.l
rections, given by an intelligent cOrres,p()1100;:ore "1
persons'fearful of arrest on mesne locess should
ready to give the sheriff, then to takeout. a sunimon:.-.1:00e:
to justify bail—the judge at chambers' Will grant, mac,
giving time to the 24th of October, and as tile act c°r" Jed P.a
'
on the Ist of October, the justifying 'bail' is sullf rse jlea
ve
entering a common appearance. Secondly, 111 us e
execution, if therintend to become insolvent, should 111,f
their petitions ready to be tiled on the Ist 4.f Octouearsnee,b;
commissioners of the said court will no doubt grantder °t'
order for hearing their petitions, and after the oreir
tained, insolvents giving security to the forthcourt rt is ed'ea
sonal appearance on the day of hearinit, the ris gi.‘tiel
powered to discharge them forthwith, The Ig““: prov3,bio
in the 3d proviso of the 36th section of the act—tojer be
also, that after any order shall have been inade
rd,e r to
act:directing any insolvent to be brought fc,r
dealt with,' &c., it shall be lawful for said Cour.t„•,,,
of Insolvent Debtors, if such court shalt thinic.,u,Vy on Pio
direct 'such insolvent to be discharged out of cus.7lit'ocesia
finding two sufficient sureties to enter into a- ric9B was sot
the provisional assignee of said *court. in such- sLY.iiisolv.pg
court shall think fit, with azondition. that 'suCPile
shall duly appear at the timer:Wifd far t`h.: -
of such insolvent.'"—Moritiii Herald',,.,..

•
outk.-
cip
exe
r love
1 cheek
sk whic
of capi.
greatest
which

THEATRE-ROYAL, LIVERPOOL.

FOR THE BENEFIT OF MR. MORRIS BARNETT,

- - - OF THE ST. JAMES'S THEATRE, -9
And the Last Night of his Engagement.
The Last Night of Mr. COOPER, of the Theatre-Royal
Drury-lane.
THlSpresent FRIDAY, Sept. 28, 1838, will be per.
farmed Morton's Comedy, called

SECRETS WORTH KNOWING.
Rostrum (the Auctioneer). .Mr. Cooper.
Plethora Mr. Morris Barnett.
Egerton....(on this occasion) Mr. Stuart.
Greeille....Mr. Gray. Nicholas Rue.... Mr. Baker.
Mrs. Greville....Miss Cleaver.
Rose Sydney, Mrs. Tellet. I Sally Downright, Mrs. Clarke.
Mier which, for the second time here, the last New Drama,
written expressly for Mr. Morris Barnett, called
THE FRENCH REFUGEE,
Which was received at this Theatre on Tuesday last with
the most enthusiastic applause.
Mons. St. Pierre (his original character) Mr. Morris Barnett.
Jacob Mr. Slaiter.
Lady Alice.. Miss Cleaver. Madge.... Mrs. Tellet.
Louise (daughter of M. St. Pierre)..Miss Faucit.
To conclude with the New Farce of
THE STATION HOUSE,
Which was received on Wednesday Evening with distin-
guished approbation.
Millefleurs (a Frenchman) Mr. Morris Barnett.
Valentine Quill Mr. W. Howard.
canny Faddle..Mrs. Teller. I Miss Buckram.. Mrs. Baker.
On SATURDAY, the Musical Drama of 'TWAS I.
Delorme, Mr. G. Horncastle; Marcel, Mr. Baker; Geor-
ptte, Miss Grant; Madame Hag, Mrs. Granby; Juliette,
Mrs. Baker.—After which, the Petite Comedy of -A
PLEA-
SANT NEIGHBOUR. Christopher Strap, Mr. Baker;
Nancy Strap, Mrs. Clarke.—To which will be added, the
Farce of THE TWO GREGORYS. Mr. Gregory, Mr.
G. Horncastle; Gregory, Mr. Baker; Mrs. Gregory, Mrs.
Baker; Fanchette, Mrs. Tellet.—To conclude with the Bal-
let Pantomime of DON JUAN. Don Juan, Mr. J. Ridg-
way; Ferdinand, Mr. G. Horncastle; Guzman, Mr. Jonas;
Searasnouch, Mr. I'. Ridgway; Donna Anna, Mrs. Baker.
MR. CHARLES KEAN
Is engaged for a limited numbh of Nights, and will make
his first appearance here this Season, on MONDAY NEXT,
October let, in the Character of HAMLET, as performed
by him Twenty-one Nights to crowded Houses, last Season,
at the Theatre-Royal, Drury-lane.
