imperial Vartianunt.

HOUSE OF LORDS.-MONDAY.

The Bishop of EXETER gave notice that, on Friday next, he
should move resolutions condemnatory of the national system of
education for Ireland; also declaratory that it was very preju-
dicial to protestantisin.
POOR RELIEF (IRELAND) BILL.
Lord MELBOURNE moved the second reading,pf this bill, de-
claring that it was chiefly founded on the English Poor-law Act
"Amendment" Bill.

Earl F ITZW ct,r Asi spoke against the measure.
The Duke of WELLINGTON felt persuaded that the house would
agree With him in thinking, that they ought to go into committee
'on the bill, and there bestow upon itthat careful attention which
would enable them so to amend as to Tender it fit to pass' their
lordship's house ; and, at the same time, be hoped to pro-
duce such a measure as would be calculated to give satisfaction
in that part of the Uniteil Kingdom for whose bencfit it was in-
tended.

The Marquis of LONDONDERRY resisted the bill, and moved,
as an aulendment, that it be read the second time that day six
months.

Lord LYNDHURST spoke at some length against the bill, and
in conclusion said, that he would support the motion for the
second reading of the bill, in the hope that in the committee it
might be brought into such a shape as would entitle it to further
support.—(Hear, hear.)
The Earl of RA °riots spoke in favour of the bill.
The Marquis of CLANRICARDE objected to its principle, and
opposed the second reading.
The Earl of Dsvo N spoke warmly in favour of the measure.
Lord ATHERTON said, he felt bound to give it his support.
Lord BaooGitaru spoke strongly against it.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE supported, and the Marquis of
WESTMEA TII opposed it; and, after a lengthened discussion the
house divided—For the second reading, 149; against it, 20;
majority 129.
Their lordships then adjourned at two o'clock.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.-MONDAY.
BEDFORD ELECTION.

Lord EantivcroN appeared aiibeia;,and reported from the
Bedford election committee that" Henry Stuart, Esq., was nut
duly elected ; and th:at Samuel Crawley, Esq., was duly elected,
and ought to have been returned.

REGISTRATION OF ELECTORS BILL.
The order of the day was then read, and the house resolved
itself into committee on this bill; and the clauses as far as the
17th were agreed to without opposition. On the 18th clause
being proposed,
Mr. 1-looGsom (Berwick) moved to omit so much of the clause
as requires freemen of eities'and boroughs to give notice to the
town clerk of change of residence. After some discussion, the
committee divided:—For the amendment, 69; against it, 76.
The clause was then agreed to, as were also the other clauses as
far as the 42d.

On clause 43 being proposed, by which a penalty of lOs was
proposed to be inflicted on persons making frivolous objections
to votes of electors already on the list,
Mr. Pl 2 AED moved as an amendment, that the amount of the
penalty should be increa.,ed to £5.

Mr. WARBURTON objected to the principle of the clause, be-
cause it tended to check inquiry.
Lord J. RUSSELL said, that although the sum proposed in the
clause was small, yet it was sufficient to prevent vexatious ob-
jections. lie sviould certainly propose to retain the clause, be-
cause cases might arise in which the penalty would be inflicted
with great justice, while at same time it must be a strong case
which would induce the barrister to impose oue.
After a few words from Mr. BitoTissaToN and the SOLICITOR-
GENERAL, in support of the clause, and from Sir T. FitcsraNTLE
in support of the amendment, the committee divided on the
amendment of Mr. Pram!, when the numbers were—For the
clause, 77; for the amendment, 29; majority for the clause, 48.
The house then again divided on the question that the clause
be struck out of the bill, when the numbers were—Fer the pro-
position, 36; against it, 61; majority for the clause, 28.
Clauses up to 49 inclusive were agreed to.
The Chairman then reported progress, and obtained leave to
sit again.

The other orders of the day were then disposed of, and the
house adjourned at a quarter past one.

HOUSE OF LORDS.-TUESDAY.

Many petitions were presented for the immediate abolition o
negro apprenticeship system.
Lord MELBOURNE (in consequence of renewed statements by
the Marquis of Londonderry) repeated that he considered the
British lewion not only to have claims on the Spanish govern-
ment, but the co-operation of the British government to sup-
port them.
The Earl of WINCHILSEA, in presenting a petition from
Dublin against the litior Relief (Ireland) Bill, expressed him-
self against that bill, though not inimical to a poor bill fur Ire-
land.

The Earl of Wtcxtow expressed himself to the like effect.
The orders of the day having been disposed off, their for
ships adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.—TUESDAY.
After the ellection ballots, there were again very many peti-
tions presented from the immediate abolition of the negro ap-
printiceship system.
Lord PALmEns-rws presented her Majesty's answer to the
commons' address (moved by Sir R. Inglis), for the adoption
of negotiations to secure more effectually the abolition of the
foreign slave trade ; assuring her Majesty's faithful commons
that she viewed with regret the continuance of the slave trade
under the flag of foreign powers, that she would do the utmost
to reduce the same, and that she was especially urging on the
Portuguese government the justice of adopting measures for the
abolition of such traffic.

Sir E. Witmoz then Moved a resolution declaratory of the
expediency of the " immediate, entire. and unqualified abolition
of the apprenticeship system in the West Indies."
After some debate, and repeated calls of " question, devide !"
in which discussion, however, the government took no part,
there as a division. The numbers where—for the motion 96;
againt, 93; majority in favour of the motion, THREE.
Mr. Sergeant JACKSON afterwards obtained leave to bring in
a bill to amend the law relating to the registration of voters and
taking of polls in Ireland.
Mr. lIUNIa called the attention of the house to the state of
"savings banks," with the view of moving resolutions thereon,
the tendency of them being to show, that according to the pre-
sent arrangements, and the interest now allowed, the country
ikatinuilly a very considerable loser; but that they and their
details might be duly considered, he did not press them, but de-
fervid proceeding further until after they had been printed, and
its the-haniis of members.
MIR next moved for a return "of the number of persons
admitted to see the aimouries in the Tower, in each of the past
years, 1824 to 1838, distinguishing the number of those who
were admitted free of charge by government orders and by
ordnance orders, the number of those who paid for admittance,
stating the'amount paid for admission, by each person, for the
several objects and parts of the same, in each of the years; also
Vie aggregate amount of money received in each year, and how
applied." They ordered.
Perstx moved for a bill to regulate the houses licensed
victuallers, and coffee-house keepers, but the motion was
eventually withdrawn, on the understanding that the govern-
ment would direct attention to the subject.
. Sir F. TRENCH moved the re-appointment of the select com-
mittee "on building the two houses of parliament ;" but, after
the chancellor of the exchequer declared that he must meet it
11
with direct opposition, it was negatived.
•Alr. WA RBURT,IN (in the absence of Mr. Hume) moved for
a return of the number of persons who have been sentenced to
death, and of the number who have been executed, in Van Die-
men's Land, in each year since these colonies have been made
a penal settlement to the year 18.35, distinguishing the classes
or capital offences, and the number who have heeu sentenced to
death, and the number executed each year, under each class.
Similar return for the colony of New South Wales.
.The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER obtained leave to bring
in a bill " to transfer the management of the Waterloo annui-
ties to the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt."

'['he house went into committee on slave vessels captured, in
which the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQLER moved a propoAition
(fur a.bill) to grant a bounty on tonnage, instead of " head
money."
The other orders being disposed of, the house adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.-WEDNESDAY.

Mr. C RA WLRY took the oaths and hitt seat for Bedford.

'Die refuge for the destitute institution bill, the midland
counties (Mountsorrell) bill, -the Bolton and Preston railway
bill, and the Bishops' Castle and Maunslow (Salop) inclosure
bill, were severally read a third time and passed.
A number of petitions on various subjects were presented.
THE SPANISH LEGION.

Captain MATTHEWS presented a petition from the non-com-
missioned officers and soldiers comprising the late British
Auxiliary Legion, complaining of the non-payment of their
claims-by the 'Spanish government, and praying that some
measure might be adopted to enforce payment. The hon.
and gallant member said he would take that opportunity of
giving notice that, on an early day, he should submit a motion
'to the house nn the subject to which the petition referred.
The medical charities (Ireland) bill was postponed until a
future day, in order to have some new clauses inserted and the
bill reprinted.

AWNICIPAL CORPORATIONS (IRELAND) BILL

Sir R. PEEL said, some days since he premised to state what
course he intended to pursue with respect to the Municipal Cor-
porations (Ireland) Bill on Friday next. Whether these great
questions relating to Ireland were to be amicably settled or not
be could not say, but he wished to state that he should not offer
any opposition to the Speaker leaving the chair on Friday, re-
serving to himself, however. the right of opposing the measure
at any future state; He wished to see what was done with the
-Tithe Bill before he gave any specific notice on the subject. He
could, however, state that he should not take any step to obscure
a satisfactory settlement of the question relating to Ireland.
( Hear.) Whatever step, however, he mightconsider it necessary
to take, due notice should he given, that the house might not be
taken by surprise. (Hear.)
Lord-J. ItOSSELL said, he wished to repeat that, as regarded
the Irish tithe bill, he only intended to proceed with the first
resolution, which was to conceit tithes into a rent-charge, and
he should leave the details to be settled by the committee. The
noble lord said, on Friday, before the Speaker left the chair, he
should state his views generally on all the bills relating to Ire-
land. The noble lord then gave notice, that to-morrow he
should ask the hon. bart. opposite (Sir Eardlev Wilmot) whe-
ther he intended to bring in a bill founded on the motion which
the house agreed to last night on the subject of slavery; and if
.he did, at what period it might to expected to be laid before the
house. (Hear.)
The house then went into committee on the lord's day bill.
[Left. sitting.]

GLOUCESTER ELECTION.

(From a Correspondent of the Standard.)

GLOUC%STER, TUEsDAY.—Mr. Elope has been re-f-lected here
to-day by a triumphant majority, as will be seen below. Never
was popular feeling more strongly manifested in favour of any
candidate or of any cause. The Conservatives have had to fight
against a combination of the strength of the Whig-Radical
party, and against a candidate who, apart from politics, is un-
exceptionable, and who, from his long connection with the city,
and former popularity, possessed a powerful hold on the feel-
ings of many of the constituency. I have only time to add that
the statemen!saf a Whig-Radical evening paper as to the negro
apprenticeship question being made a test of support, are impu-
dent fictions. On the contrary, I distinctly affirm, that, with
the exception of a small section, chiefly consisting of members
of the Society of Friends, the question excites comparatively
little interest here. Indeed the "Independent," or Liberal
Association, state that it is confined to a few.

FINAL CLOSE OP THE POLL.

Hope
Webb
Majority -106

„"er.brus.—in consequence of the death of Mr. Halse, late
111)--torlhisfiterrough, there-ate already two candidates in the
Sietd,lnesitsvPraod and Stephens, and it is expected others
will stast,vie
e ey and Ley.—Falmoath Express.
.. • . :
