FRIDAY MORNING, SEPT. 21, 1838.

t:3" T 4• Publication of the STANDARD commenced this

morning at 5 o'clock.

TUB WEsr INDIES.—By her Majesty's packet Pan
dera, which arrived at Falmouth on the 15th instant,
we have received advices and papers from the West
Indies to the 25th ultimo. The dates reach down to
the 16th ult. from Jamaica, to the 11th from Barba-
does, to the 25th from St. Thomas', and to the 27th of
July from Demerara. The only news of importance
brought by this packet is, the account of the final
emancipation of the apprentices on the Ist of August.
This event, which has been the cause of the most in-
tense anxiety among all persons interested in the
*fairs of our • West Indian colonies, seems to have
plumed of satisfattorily on the whole. We are con
eerned to add that Jamaica, the most important island
of all,•forms an exception to this statement.
From the very contradictory reports contained in
tha- papers which have reached us we find it extremely
difficult to give any thing like an impartial statement
of facts relating to the abrogation of the apprentice-
These journals, advocating as they do different
and, at the same time, conflicting interests, treat of the
subject in such exaggerated terms, that we can adopt
no better plan than that of submitting to our readers
such extracts as seem to us most faithful and dispas-
sionate, without any reference to their political bear-
ing. From,Jamaica we have received a private com
munication, in which the conduct of the Governor, the
Stipendiary magistrates, and the Baptist missionaries
Is very strongly impugned. We are likewise informed
that the'negroes on many estates had refused to work
at all, insisting upon a much higher ...rate of wages
than could possibly be afforded by the planters. In
this determination they were chiefly encouraged by
the Baptist missionaries, among whom we learn that
the Rev, Mr. Knibb is an active agitator. This gen-
tleman holds out a threat that, unless his extravagant
demands are forthwith complied with, he will come
over to England to procure a redress of the "wrongs"
under which he asserts the negroes are suffering. We
have repeatedly expressed our conviction that the abo-
litionists would not rest satisfied with the mere anni-
hilation of slavery in the West Indies. Recent events
have strengthened this impression. We have every
reason for believing that a fresh series of annoyances
and acts of persecution will be commenced against the
planters, who have been already brought to the verge
of ruin by the aggressive proceedings of those who
assume to themselves the character of " friends of the
negro." There is every reason to apprehend that the
enactment of a code of sumptuary- laws, to regulate
the, wages of the negroes
jects which these parties , will be one of the first ob-
es will seek to accomplish. The
unreasonableness of such a proposition, however, is so
self-evident, and its trust the legislature gross injustice so glaring, that we
of Great Britain will never con-
sent to its becoming a law. What would be thought
of an attempt to interfere in like manner between em.
?Layers and workmen in this country ? Would it not
be pronounced at once an act of the most insane ty-
ranny ? Would it not be scouted by every rational
3uhject ? Yet such is the plan which the. Baptist mis-
lionaries and other incendiaries in the island of Ja-
in alea have distinctly avowed their intention of carry-
ing into effect. In advocating a high rate of wages,
aid advising the negroes to desist front working until
these demands are complied with, the negro must ne
C'e,. "sully be the greater sufferer. Indeed, the condi-
;tow of the negro, in every respect, is now much worse
.44 wax under the apprenticeship, when they were
„ridtr no degree of anxiety as to the maintenance of
b'llemselves and their families. Many of them have
eeen already compelled to acknowledge that this is the
.11". 'lLnipecting the motives of the agitators who
"re now endeavourina to influence them it is painful
t° speak
r plainly. The dissenting ministers in Ja-
i?4iea have been hitherto very liberally supported by
negroes, who, unless rewarded by a much higher
rate of wages titan is justified by the circumstances of
'le planters, cannot contribute so largely towards the
ftiiiaintenance of these individuals. This, we are con
hdentlY informed by several of the journals which we
it!" received, is the secret motive which prompts
tri to exact for the negrues an extravagant !ermine
ration fur their labours.
°Cle Of the most serious evils apprehended as a con-
:Netter of the complete emancipation of the negroes
it' the "squatting" system.„ It is feared that govern-
ent may be prevailed upon to grant large portions of
It ulnclesed lands, especially in Jamaica, to be cul-
t:sted by the negroes. This would inevitably lead
the ruin of the planters, as it is well knots n that the
en'c'hantre habits of the negroes would lead them to pre.
rnt the culture of a plot of land sufficient for their own
:'ntenance to the task of labouring for the j
njoint be-
fit of the planter. In a climate so favourable as that
4f
tll' West Indies, blessed with a soil so spontane
u
:'Y prolific, it would require very little exertion on
'ltParl of the negroes to Satisfy their own wants.
riti I" is abundantly proved by the example of St. Do-
Tung°, where the inhabitants are proverbially idle.
thin ~e
th subdivision of properties after the system of
rd k-nttege Allotment" plan, so extensively adopt-
se n "Teral parts of England, we do not see any
rourY formidable objection. This system has been
hire
eminently successful in this country, and we
wee.no doubt that it might be introduced into the
piari".telndieg with very great advantage to both the
it it I'B and their labourers, if the latter should give
the preference. In England it has conduced to
hasir' Pr("einent of the soil in a very high degree. It
alsopoptlt tended to raise the character of the labouring
'llion, by presenting a stimulus to increased dill-
gene
whilst the landlords who have patronised the
tale have realised a larger income from their es-
tit. u let in large farms. Another great bene-
i witieh
(..411intic has accrued front this plan is, the striking
lia„ ,"'n of the poor-rates in those districts into which
btflie; 'Ceti introduced. This system, we confidently
dueede'inttnight be safely and advantageously
_iwtro-
as n the West Indies, under such regulations
IriZueu,,l:l:nsure, the interest of the holder of the soil.
rNa~e fins that some of the planters have al-
oetermined upon aquattin its adoption. But to tile plan
are i„ g upon the crown lands" we believe there
sche
the "superable objections, and we sincerely trust that
me
• may be CruStrated.
the, tinvvilliegneaa of the negroez to
