. . .. . _ .. , ~
'Tilt tiNiEtiPOOL STA_NDARD.
4 , •
—l3-1---k-el---.y, Har.ding,
f,f.r.r:or,nm,,dLoiverpyooe-1---,,( -for Mau
..
Dec. in lat. 41. N.:for:gni, 2Loi.veW;pool,
.. . . a. . ...a--
7.- .
. . __ea__ ...
r:ti-u-:7:::::::::::
__, _. .. . _
'
for Bahia, WaS sPol(en 13th ult. in
,
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY (tamales.) OXFORD UNIVERSITY.-DR. HAMPDEN. DREADFUL FIRE IN 'LONDON.
lit. 2, N. long 20,
Imperial Varliament. Sir G. GREY moved for leave to bring in a bill to revive and
SPEECH OF THE REV. v Tno m .s.s. B.D. LATE FELLOW OF COR- I
,from Liverpool for Dernerara, was spoken 23rd
... . . - . TWENTY:TOUR 'LOUSES AND SHOPS. BLAINT. '
jaAini.eahinni'l)llaeahst; -----1---. lon a 33
continue in force until the Ist of AUigest, 1840, an act Passed tiv
~ PUS,CHRISTI COLLEGIE, IN CON!VOCATION; ON TUESDAY TtIE
HOUSE OF COMMONS.-WEDNESDAY. the legislature of.jamaica on the 4th of July, 1831, to explain ______
(From the Obserreor,coilo. icikuntdialey.n)ei,
hbourhood of
was re. and amend an act frit. the abolition of .slavery in that island, and .
. TWENTY-SECOND INSTANT. • - - •
•inLaazistoinidig-shttr,eaebt owuatshtahlrro-p:nstintetn
o a state of thaut st coustern- Richard Walker, Fidler, from Liverpool, at Sydney, N.S.W. and
The 'committee on the teith harbour and docks•bill
coma in aid of the seine. It was unnecessary for him at that time to
.„,., ,
';'ito
Vived-at the close of a contersation on this subject, the•
(From the :Diford Herald.)
mf2r olStmihn NNe. a.oPSv°.. r %eV! tf o 8 ri aBI oe Kr, bNa
y. S,
.1
W 4
t 1.1 Oct. '.
state more than that' the object of the bill was •o restore the
mencement of which was giten iu the Standard of Friday. • ` Mr. Vice-Chancellor and Proctors.-To your prudence and allot' and alarm, bYthe spring of rattles, and cries of " fite I'J'
OlvriAriiselinteot.Atsli,raiAleflolsernrß,:nosatissii.blefardee
laws in Jamaica On this 'subject, to precisely the seine situation
Hero' Smallwood from Sincapore at St Helena, and sailed 28th'
The Thames Haven Railway bill was read a first time. integrity I have to submit a few obsereations upon tbe right co. it! wlhici la pro,cceid,)ed. from the houset
.of Mr,i. Alasalop,
.rn,,ilitara
in whit+ they had been previous tio the Ist. of December last, -- - c II
CARLOW ELECTION. strut:oo.lam a statute. sent before I come to the statuory qUes- cet rier, ssio. ..„ in that street, wit tin two 000 rs ot tne w estern
Lion, I wish to speak generally upon the Subject. ' Eachatige. Oo the doors beitig opened, it was found that the
Mr. WALLAea presented a petition from three hundred an. d , thejegis.lature of th_at_i__sland havitig refused to renew. the act
fifty individuals, tenants of the hon. and gallant me ber tor whtch then exptrarl.
In . Jan. for' Lond ' ' .
In so great a concourse of members of convoeation (men Of bagk 'room 'on the first door was on lir?, and so raPird wits the William Rasnen, Bruce, from Liverpool at Pernambuco
RAILWAYS. . a ..
the highest worth and integrity, who, le'd by their zeal tor the progress ol the devonring element, that in IeSS than ten minutes
Blni,,re.:‘,l,z:ilvrlidaH.riKa.lo7:cilploo,:krvra(s:,:• ,nif.Lrrooilmerlapisoooonnitt,ee4Ntaisii:iateevooa•naantt4aFhoahn •
-the county of Carlow (Col. Bruen). i tient M r PUTT R moved' the folloWino. resolution •-" T
oners spines
a . hat no true catholic faith and church, have 'left without delay, but not did Whole of the upper part of the house was in dames. Witliin 11Arrakil:iarsig,iiTtl,t_onr_inritu;:nek,, from Liverpool at New orieeng
the highest terms of approbation of the plu'bhelicpaeutditpi rivate con
ra_
vi ..
..E
of the gallant colonel, and in disapprobatiou of the statements it.say or tramway stalierbon carriages are propelled by steam : i , ,
mad shall be made acrosaany highway, on the level, unless the coin- %Amid, oeep !egret for the necessity, their holy callings, and five minutes after the alarm had been given, the St. James's
Enchantianis, 13
outh 25th inst.
put forth in a petition preseuted to the hoase some time A.go,.
doMestic aflairs, in order to take part in this most monrentoui • parish eagine was brought to the spot, closely followed by those
felt convinced that if au inquiry were instituted the result would mittee °a the bill -report that Such a reStrictioa nught ooa.to bp•
1 en orce .
C 1• a ' it d'd f d " question,) lam unwilling to Occupy your tide in sayiug Over belougina to the County Fire,effice, end' the St. George's pa- . ,
casein 'and t h 0 eatgenca of the in attori a h a il a see In t o reqft i r e ye atertobep r 9 c Li r e d . The-uee t h e n c 0
rn mooic a t e d t 0 t
it e
ti 0 r t
ii . fr. osLjosmaotaidp,::::hiev:wo.nreasarryoel:Brific:ract(nihrs:ilaEccieet,i!leaniicylicefe.:;,:firdorebo.:::,:°,oidnnsto.,hd•ebrseitPtoci%hollos3l,r,dopoh.t
dNoe w
ilara_in What has lae.o- se often saiSl before'-the nature of the tic- ' rish engine. but for at least 20 minutes there was not a drop of Sovereign, wharton, SantshuelJiamdesoiri, ;rid Adam Lodge, Corokan,
o
be favourable to the views of the petitioners. is nin„, as . ,
,T c •
,
York
G.TuroPeitnevri,eWk,ewbb,,satenrdiaHnedrdaold,,dDou3,ffd, frpre Li ve'rpool, at Baltimore
.
from the tenantry of the gallant officer, Ire ingst.ry that it was . . hell:, lasarce!.Lott of the EXCHEQUER suggested that the Sub-
impossible for anything to be More satisfactory tan the state- ject s ould be referred to the railroad committee. . ' - but one thing from our assiduity, and that is to act rather than Western wing of the Western Exchange, which adjoinsahe rear
~
anents which it contained wita .regard to his ceerduct towards Mr POTTER contiented, and- the quaislidn' tvaaaefeared aca argue-let arguments for a While 'repose in our writing desks, of Mr. Absalon's premises, and iu a few minutes the whole of
,
his tenants. He haul no means of ascertaining the truth of the cordit.agly.
whether they relate to theology or the theologian. • - thai splendid bazaar was one body of fire. At that time there
EDUCATIoN IN IRELAND. •
It will be the duty of us who supaiort the proposed statute to were no less than ten engines standing idle, and in a short time
statements in the petition, but as to the other petition complain-
ing of the conduct of the gallant offieer, he -should 'move that Mr. WYSE moved for and obtained leaye to bring ioltdlval.lnfeoe! manifest the resolutions of our constancy not by words but by the flathes made their appearance throuoh the upper windows North
_America, Pixels, do, do 7th •
iverpool, at Boston
that petition be printed and circulated with the reports of the the. estliblisheuent of a board of education; arid tha deeds, not by speech-making but by oni voices and reclaona- Of a, pastry-cook's shop kept by Mrs. Blacktnau, 14, Burling- ST:tapinlerabt.jaP.,ischh,-ilddo,,fsrloe:itrlit
,
committee, in order that the house might be put in possession meat of elementary educatiOn in Irelandaa-Adjotlffied: •' - lions, by our hands, our signatures, and subscriptionS. .
tou Arcade, which has a communication with the Western Ex-
..... . .....
Falcon:fran Manilla,' at Cove IffeitTbuskar yesterday
of tire facts. He would only add that he was unwilling to press .=..................=.. The question which has brought lls together is one in which change The scen,e at that moment in the Arcade is , beyond
Lochiel, Milton. from New SouthCl:daele's'sv:
his motion on the subject, which stood for to•night, till that pe- '
. .HOUSE OF LORDS, Sato-Av. . the verities of oirr holy faith are concerned. Academics, these desmiption, nearly the whOle of the inmates running about in a
lition, and other two, which he had.to present, should be printed.
a questions turn not upon matters affecting, the props and lateral stale of distraction, While' policemen and straussers tvere remov-
The Duke of CUMIIERLAND in the absence of Lord Wynfor
The hon. member presented another petition from John Alex- ,• • • •", supports, but the very foundaticras, of our religion ; these are no ing their goods. Fi•otti Mrs. Blackman's the denies soon coin- Aberfoil, Dowling, from Liverpool for 'zt. Andrew's, a't arum.
moved for a return bf the amount of 'laud tax levied and tea
ander, Esq., of the county of Carlow, praying for an int:Lary,
miller questions. I mean minor comparatively speaking, such
.inunicated to a hosier's shop, No. 58 and 50, on the opposite
oflkbloawil,spßrriytesen,dfiroihmb,Loniverpool for Trinidad, at Beaurnaris, with loss
8 J_ohn and E, lizabeth, Churchill, from Liverpool for New York, at
ereived in every city, town,.and boreugh in England and Wales
in order to do, away with the effects of the statements made
as those which relate to rites and ceremonies, church discipline, side of the Arcade, which, in a few minutes, were enwrapped in
before the committee. He understood Mr. Alexander trout the year 1826 to the 'year 1836; and alsia a- return of the
g,overntnent, worship; the questions which have been forced flainea. ' About that tithe the hose of two et-agates were brought
The ham member grain, butter, pork. banti, &c., itnported from Ireland during
RM.absaeasitoriita,sfcro, mmellxasynrdee,ra,trßroe,anuLmiyaerirap
eaumaris
was a gentleman of great respectability. upon our apprehensions are those which involve consideratioits up the Arcade frOin Picc„ndilly, but 'they %Vet*. eotirely useleSs,
001, at New York 9th March
also presented a petitionfrom Thomas Woodcock, Esq., cotn- the saMe period.-Ordered..
of the highest and holiest interest. They are questions upon there not being a drop ot water to be procured ro,n that side of .
plaining of the conduct of Col. Bruen to one of his tenants. HUSII BANKRUPTS' BILL.
• which the Whole frame-work of christian doctrine, the ministry the fire, which soOll communicated to Nos. 12 and 13, in the oc- Volvna, Seaton do at Savannah .
On the motion of Lord PLUNICET ( who briefly explained its
Colonel BeuEN regretted that such puny instances or malice - ~ - . of God's word, ate usefulness of tbe priesthood, the salvation of cuilation ot Mr. Perry, late IM'acalpiness the well known peru- About three miles west of the Floating Light, 'inward-hound, a
leading provision) this bill -was read a seeond time. •
-should be allowed to be brought forward, to the obstruction of all may be said to rest. UM the bosbin of thii university--eifin quiers, and to Nos. 16 and 17 un the one side and to a toy ware- vessel disehaSted, Whieh appears like a schooner deeply laden, at
1 4,5 p.in.
, The ecclesiastical leases bill, the annual indemnity bill, and a . .
Lt sji oghtst,, 220 i da kFi
nagni2-70chhe e
sC hweartuebr ,s
nS chootut ,r , fhoary Ainmg
bsteeeradaamgrompnudt
public business ; but as one of these petitions was directed the very sehools 'of the prophets false Wares are vended for true house, NoS. 60 and 61 on the other side of the Arcade, the whole
some other. bills were respectively advanced a stage.
against him he begged to say a few words respecting the indi- and trite far false, thiegs certaiu for thinks doubtful and things of winch houses were in a very short time reduced to a heap o
. t u
ba eku Al
a"s
oil the Bar
vidual front whom it emanated. This Mr. Woodcock he had CRIMINAL OFFENDERS. . .
doUbtful for things certain, whither upon the face of the earth reins. The heat at that time in the Arcade. was almost unbear-
On the motion of Viscount MEI novItNE an address to the
prosecuted for poaching. He was an officer of a dragoon regi- must the ignarant go .for their doctrine-whither must the able, the centre appearing like a vast furnace, and in a short New YORK, sth Maticii.-The SeperiOr, of St. John, N.E. was
crown was moyeddfor some tables.to be prepared relatindg to
ment on half-pay. He bad been at the head of almost every wretched seek for coinfort, the sick for reMedy, the hungi'y for thne Noa. 56 abd 57 were added to the list of the buildings on abandoned in lat. 32 50. lung. 72; crew telasdk,hheinechreonrf,erpboo;trecddatrititht:anAcsdesepv.leoinrkaeel,
criminals convicte within -a prescribed periodes-Adjourne .
anti-tithe meeting, ant the leader of election mobs; and if these their Milk and strong meats fire. At that moment' the branch of an engine belonging to the froin Liverpool for Virginia
a n7,p,t,h„.ll,lTiaori.csrhr.i-DTihnet
hßei c
sh
tarran tAs 10s
fo p,s 0 a:dr
ai v,
.. ~
were qualifications entitling a man to half-pay no one had
Masters !-These are times when we must speak out-the man London .Fire Engine Estabilshment, which had heeu drawn
HOUSE OF COMMONS, FRIDAY.
§ ,-.1-; had paint‘o Sincapor'e dismaited.
earned it better. (Hear.) That officer was probably not un- , . wlio keeps silence betrays; ha betrais his hely cause to his ad- into the grounds attached to Burlington House, aud set to work
known to many membeis, as he had been brought to the bar of , Mr. Ew'ktt'efiresented a petition from merchants. Bzc.. of LA- versa th '•i ii ' -- i • • is t, k•h • i s the garden W 45 cart led over the ve9tsh MA'aeu.-An American barque was seen on shore on Barnegut
ry - e man wio esitates to give utterance to ns convic- °in a an in t e cen re o
r,
ii
ii e
oheOn,
t,
ein
v4B:
enas
vis
eiAlar :sal:
.ilip;vrhni
voe
the other house for his nal riotio exertions. He would only add, - verpool, Yeiy numerensly signed, againSt the eitra doties on tiinis offends, inOst grievously off,ndS, in cilia, because, on sub- high wail separating the Ateade from the Bari of Barlington'a 7th instant
,aesitih.tri7r
eeTerebraiesrpepooirmrttemdcoe
tiklass.4Als
that Mr. Alexander was glad that an opportunity would be af. East India Sugar, and on ether products of India. Its chief jects' of thergreateSt poisible certainlY, he himself remains un- grounds, and was of essential service in cove' ing -a
pai•ty of
tnnols jeilb iefieesEl densngtol ii
frs ehiliveabbr'l ee
eyokouent sjd
i utdhpeerovbi.tuht
forded him of placing his character in a fair light, and he had prdyer was for the equalization of the duties oti sugar. The certain-because, in the' very midst of dangers, he stands like the fire brigade, who, under the directions of Mr. Braidwood,
ongridge, has put into Sevastapool. This morning
also to express his ohligaiion to those petitioners, through whose principle of the present application was 66 longer in dispute; orre devoid' Of &Mosel and disfraCted in his-mind, Under such their superintendent, were with their pele axes cutting off the
means he trusted he should be able to vindicate his own charac. it was now merely one -of financial detail; arid he, therefore, i•npressions, if ens-thin, should -escape my lips a little more communications botween the burning buildings and the south- the
.t.
ter. (Hear.) supported its prayer .mbre Urgently. The shopkeepers and others
.stronly or a little more unreServedly than will suit the miseras ern portion of the Arcade. 'AbOut the satne tithe th'e branch of
MONDAY, Maitc.n 28:-Noon, Wind S.S.W.-Fresb.
A conversation, or rather an altercation nfapersonal character now saw that the best mOde of improving their trade was the s ,
me assentation of the times, I hope that niv trespass will he put another engine belonging to the same establishment was brought
ensued, which was carried on tor some time with a censideraide removal of direct tairatinat of. the taxet on the articles of con- to the account ot the subject, ana not to the speaker's' diSposi- .to bear (front Bond-street) on the houses on the in her side of the .. .
degree of acrimony. It was closed by Mr. Wallace saying that sumntion, and they therefore iiistrifettel him, with whieh in_
tion or willingness to offend. Arcade, and in a few Minutes afterwards the engines in Picea-.
ti 1 ca:pd
hi jeflr oF,
ehr Be, ..ho
emeenb,
caaeyt,
G, a ati tborSaet
In.
toaHra 4: 1 e n a .
Calash." ---,sees-, hence, for Buerrs Ayres, WaS spokert 7th ult. in
he would endeavoiir to name a day fur the discossiou of the struetion he shuul I comply, to take the first opportonity of at
With respect to vour power, Proctors., I grant you the right dilly (after standing idle for upwards of an honr) procured a tat 1, toe' a,t),vv.
subject suited to Col. Bruen's convenience. least resisting the extra 'dirties on East India sugar, Sze. of veto, ilsuch should be your good pleasure-if you are resolven supply of Water, which was then poured in immense streams
CALL OF THE HOUSE. _ LIGHTHoUSES (SCOTLAND.) to put together the syllables and letters of the statute, and spell •on the fire, which had just previously extended to Nos, 10and cJAoal 1 ihs Isn°i :Spo'
eul‘,:c. bi,sa S'
The Marquis of CoaNDos moved that the "tense be called Mr. C. FERGussoN, in moving for variou returns illustrative the extent of your powers, from-so cloSe and narrow a survey Of 11 on the otte side, arid to Nos. 62 autl63 On the (titter 'side. At ' Llama, Miller, from Cape Haytien; at'Fahnouth,. ,
over on the 2d April.• , ef the labours of the cominissioners for erecting lighthouses on words, disregarding alike the force and end and spirit of the •that time there Were 'nearly 20 engines at work, and it soon. Freak, &Iseult, from Manilla and China, at Cove.
THE MCNICIPA L CORPORATIONS (IRELAND) BIL L. - the coasts of Scotland, said that they were requisite to show law, I must confess, thotieh it he with much reluctance, that became preceptible that the destriscliee element would not
Alexander, RaMsav, from Sydney N S W. to Calcutt was s oken
Pearl; Crosbie, from Barbados, at Limerick.
The prisoners' counsel bill, the Roman Catholic marriages' how imperfectly they were perforining, their duty. Within two you have the power of refusing and forbidding; but let me tell extend beyond the houses immediately adjoining tboSe
90th Oct. to the west Ward of Van Die 'an's Land • l''
P
Betsey, Hall, from Monte Video, mat Falniouth, and proceeded to
bill, and the eivil courts' (Ireland) bill, were each forwarded a miles.of hie own house a most valuable vessel ha 4 been wrecked you this, that you have not,. that you have never have had, that already natlied„ toW•ards the preservation Of which the united
stage. recently, and entirely owing, it was believed, to the want of a You never will have, the power of removing and withdrawing exertions cif the firemen Were . directed, arid- we are happy Exeter.
The municipal corporations' act amendment bill, and the lightho,use at such point. Along that coast, which was most troin religion in its danger, from the church in her present crisis tO say that their effaits were crowned with success, the QOYE, March 2ii.-The brig Wells from New York is discharging to
constabulary force (lie:and) bill were severally read a third dangerous, there was not, in the extent of 150 miles, one light- aud greatest exigency; those who are .resolved to shotv them- flaines having by One o'clock been safficiently subdued, repair. The batatie Mary is shipping part of the Washinaton'a earg,o
time and passed. house; and this, he thouoht was some specimen of the manner selves the supporters and defenders of both-neither ain I dis- as tO allay all fears for the safety of the other houses.-
.., , ,
ROYAL DUBLIN SOCIETY. in which the commissiouers of northern lighthouses performed posed to add this to the number of your powers, that upon Yoar The destruction of property is immense, scarcely any of the . foy Havre.
. . ~
On the motion of Mr. W. S. O'Brien a select committee was their duty. • 'the sheriff of his county was not a member of that sentences are to depend the dignity of our academic republic, valuable articles belono. to the unfortunate individuals occupy-
a
LIVERPOOL TIDE TABLE.
- c t. I
appointed to inquire into the adoninistratiun of the Royal Dubs board, as he submitted he ought to be ; and to that absence he the purity of our faith, the integuaty o, ..o.y writ, every one of ing the stands in the Western Ekchange haYing been savea,
lin Society.-Adjourned. attributed much of the neglect of this most dangerous part of which will receive the greatest detriment if, upon this occasion, and what furniture, &a., was removed from the houses in the Days. 1 Mrn. Ern'. Ht. Festivals, 4c,
----011111,..---. the northern coast. Masters ! the Proctors rob yuu of your suffrages. Arcade Will be almost useless, the Major part of it having been - --- -
,
'Tuesday '....29
HOUSE OF LORDS.-TneßsnAY. Sir GEORGE CLERK said that the commissioners of northern But. before I pass to other matters, I earnestly, but respect- throwo from the upper windows. At Messrs. Macolpine'S great Marten. H. M. H. M. P. I.
lighthouses had performed their disty well. If they possessed fulls beseech you, ProctorS, to give up. your resolution. The exertions were Made by the police and 'others tu save. the large 9 1 925 12 3
Several bills were brought up from the House of Commons. funds' adequate to such works they would have light-hotises on rin,htly-minded are ever willing to give up something, it may be and valuable squares of plate:glass vvhich were in the centre of TWednesday..3o 948 10 7 14 .2.
MUNIcIPAL CORPORATIONS ACT AMENDMENT BILL. hursdav ..31 10 29 10 44 16 1
every headland along the coast of Scotland ; but as their funds of their strict right, it may he of theirdeterminatien, in order the shop Windows, but in their endeavoUrs to get them out of nrid,ay, A'prit 1 It :-.), 11 19' 'l7 11 Good Frida'y.
Viscount MELsouirNa said that he had no objection to have were limited, they were necessarily restricted in their works; to proinote the peace, the' good name, the interest of all. But their frames they -were both broken. The attendance of police ,Saturilay.... 2 11 36 , 11 55 .19 2 ,
the second reading of that bill postponed, the inure so, because and they were largely occupied with the requisite lighthouses if you will not recall 'your words, to yous Waut ot foresight must was most nunterons; large bodies of every diYision on the 'SUNDAY... :S j 012 '2O 2 Easter Sunday.
316nclaY ...... 4 I 0;0 048 20 6 Easter Monday.
he was very desirous of procesding with the bill which he 110 W 011 the western coast. At such- points, extending for 50 -or 6U be attributed all the evils which inay -arise out of the disturbed westerti side of' the city having-been immediately-ordered to the
held in his hand (the municipal corporations act amendment . leagues, it was considered that they wero of infinitely more int- state of the University, the internal dilaceration Of the colleges. scene of destructioh, as was also a detachment of 'the Scotch
bill,) which bad that evening come from the commons, it being portance. He did not deny that lighthouses would be most May 1 be'perinitted to entertain some hope of suceess front 'our Fusileer Guards, from St. -George's Barracks, Charin,..'-cross, -
of considerable importance to pass it with as little delay as pos. valuable at the pants to which reference had been made.; but, supplication ? lam afraid that I must thaw but one concluSion whose presence was of essential service in keepio. bask the thou-
. a aftlaireltls. ,
I
sible. 'roe house tvould not adjourn for the holvdays until he repeated, as there were only limited funds, all the objects from your silence, and that is, that there is no ropin for'hope, sands who thronged every avenue front whence theY could ,
Thursday, and it was a bill to explain and amend the defects of desired were not practicable. nor expectation of indulgence. Well, then-tp the law 'and to obtain a view of the fire. While the fire was raging. in the ----.1;"----.
, . .
the municipal bill of last year, he appreaended there would be Mr. HUME. said that it was a reproach to this country that the the testimony-entreaty Is in vain, we must contend upon the Arcade with the utinoSt fury, we noticed Lords Melbourne, LIVERPOOL COLONIAL MARKETaMisnan 25.
no objection to take the second reading to-morrow. The bill 1
,ightliouses on the coast of Scotland in particular were so int- . force and Meaning of the statate. But befOre I enter upon this Adolphus FitZclarencc Munster, Sir George Wombwell,. and The market for &lona has been flat, but as holders generally- are
. ,
was to remedy and supply some deficiencies in the measure of perfectly supplied. metter, I must request your indulgence, academics, having to other noblemen and mend:l4ra of parliament stimulating the not pressing sales, the transactions do not reach 400 hlids. 13. P. at a ,
Lot session, and unless it was passed before the commencement
LIVERPOOL COTTON lAIPORTS. speak upon an unusual subject in an unusual language. Be. fireman and police in fheir exertions to save. the. property of decline Of about Is 40' ewt. In Bengal, Mauritius, and Foreign there
of next. term, great inconvenience would follow. If, any noble
tes worthy of notiee.-MOLASSES. The eales are limited to
t‘rc, no sa , . . . . . .
Mr. Cu/test AN moved for a return of the number of bales of kind enough, therefore, to favour me aith your attention, vvhilst the inhabitants and to stop the. further progresS of the destruc-
lord entertaiued objections to the bill, those objections might to
.puns at 23s fid for inferior Trinidad, and 25s Oul V' cwt for middling
otton imported into Liverpool during the year 1835, distin- I recite an extract from the second section of the tenth title of tive element. Fsom the confusion which prevailed we Were Demerara.-CO Hari?. There has been it moderate demand for Planta-
be taken on going into committee. It was important, as he
tion, and the trade being very barely supplied, have taken 80 casks of
;uishing British and foreign-ships in vvhich it was imported. our statutes. unable to aseertaih how the fire originated,.or wh•ether aoy of
had already intimated, that the bill should pass through one of
" After the Vice-Chancellor has duly announced the cause of the suffereas were. insured, but it is much feared that from the Jamaica at fUll prices. nO bales of Mocha were sold at 67s for fair
those two stages before the Easter recess. The noble viscount APPOINTMENT OF MAGISTRATES.
the convocation, let there be a mature deliberation lipon the precantions adopted 'for the prevention of fire in the Arcade, quality. Nothing done in Foreign.-In Cocoa or GINGER no sales.--
then moved " that the bill be now read a first time."-Agreed to. Sir ROBERT PEEL said he had smite remarks to make relative
matters propounded, and then, according to the nature of the several of the sufferers have been lulled inio a feeling of secti- 100 hags black PEPPER sold at 4fd, and 50 bags PIMENTO at 41d 4r th.
--11.1 callas besn it-lateral request this week. and the salas are 2700 bags
The Duke of WELLINGTON thought the proposition of the to the appointment of magistrates in corporate towns, which
, last /n ia at las 6d to 14s ste• cwt in bond for midcllina to fine quality
btisiness,let the votes he taken, either by inscribing names (in riiy, and have abstained from-effecting insurauces on their
noble Viscount to take-tbe second reading' so early very ob- might require sotne explanation, and wished to know frotn the
the way ot'scrutinv,) or openly by word of mouth, or by whis- property. We are happy to say that no portion Of either Bur- There has been a ood demand. for Ru.at_,- 350 punsTwere_sold at 2;
jectionable. He thought that the house had been taken by noble lord when he could have an opportanity of bringing the
pering in the Proctor's ear, or by dividin. the house. But let lington House or any of the otVces attached, is darmared It is lad for common Begrbieet and 2s 6d te as isd 4r. gallon for Demerara,
a , e •
surprise; and it had been usual to adjourn on a Wednesday subject forward ?
will . esnon, aed, by aucnon, 360
nothing be taken, or consieered to he g,ranted or decreed, which to be hoPed- the Grand Junction Water Cninpany, which is the wording, to strength, with a small parcel of very fine at 3s 10fd ad,
and not on a Thursday. Such had been the practice of that Lord Jona RUSSELL said Monday or Tuesday would suit
has been neeatived, either by the Vice-Uhancellor, or by the only cernpany by Which that neighbonrhood iS supplied, .casks of East India, for export, at 2s 21d
house. Where was- the necessity of passing the bill in such hint. He wished to know, however, the nature of the explana-
two Proctors, or by the majority of members of convocation; adept sortie -means to paevent the recurrence of so shameful a toa2s 3tl er galloyeiwfor6 to 8 te' cent. overproof.
~,,,iTiolrEdiat y quality is reported at 90,
haste, seeing that it was not required to be passed before the lst lions required, in order that he might be prepared to meet them ?
except in the instance of elections, which we wish to continue delay in the:supply of water on the occasion or fires within their ,!N b / GO, Af_
accheyssts ffyn.re•ngal,nharave been disposed of a.t
'full •
.4hiv uf May? After a conversation across the table between Sir ROBERT
free, as of old, and to be settled by the majority of votes." puce's., aome L
district for had the calamity occurred two or three hours later, and a few chests of tlDie maerk Ce
• '. The Marquis of I. A NSDOWNE.-The 15th of April. . PEaL and Lord JOHN RUSSELL, it was agreed that Sir Robert , , Is 31d er lb in boncl.-re7sly
I entreat you, Mr. Vice-Chancellor and Proctorsato ponder when the 'inhabitants had retired to rest, the consequences would cWt. ha's been 'realized for 48 boxes Ohina MOTHER-OP- PEARL Sititi.s.
' ,The Duke of WELioNG•roN insisted that many noble lords Peel should bring the question forward on Tuesday.
'
o OGWOO.D
upon these things, and I- entreat you also, members of couvo- have been incalculable. The gallery of piatures, belonging to 150 'sexes Ca.sela Ltoxaa have been sold at 575; and 200 bags SALT..
Would be glad to compare the proposed alterations with the ori- • ' ENGLISH TITHE BILL. cation, to ponder npon them; and let me ask you the meaning Mr. Yates, at the EiOhange, is totally consumed, apd the loss
ginal bill, and as it did not require to be passed for so long. a Lord Joist RUSSELL moved the order of the day fol. the of all this consecutiveness in the statement of these acts.? What is said to amount to between 30,000 atid 1:40,000. The.rear of ' rriwoop .
s -There haVe been several truistic sales held f L
time, why press to have the second reading taken so early ? house going into committee on this bill. In answer tu a ques- must be concluded and inferred from the orderly arrangement several houses in Bona-street is either totally destroyed or „ Pavane at.2Bs 9d and 29s FW cwt.
- paid FUsTIC, and 3 0 tonS of Campea.Ghy Logwooti sold at £7 7s to 1.8
for fine Wood, and 5 i tons ofJ amaica at X 5 108 ; in Fustic, 250 tone 0 f
'l7iscount MELBOURNE said that, in order to prevent partiei lion front Mr. Gisborne, he said he' had not been able to come tO and prescribed succession of these several things ? " Let there greatly damaged, and the destruction of property by the hasty savaufna, sold at £4 to £4 2S 6d, 20 'of 'Cuba at gr 5s to XI 7s, and ro
f rdm being saddted with legal expenses, they sieving beeii pro- any satisfactay conclusion respectiug mineral tithes, and there- be mdture delibei•aticin"-this is the first thing; and after that removal IS at present beyond calculation. of Tampico at X 5 lOs ;50 tont; of -Lima NicaasnuA Woon sold at .£ll
ceeded against under the operation of last -.year's bill, it was re- fore had not included them in this biro
7s 6,1 to Cl 3 Iss, and 50 tons of Gaboon BARWOOD at .£7 to Di 4t3' ton.-
has been brought to a close, then let the votes be taken-the ------
.............-.......
eihisite to pass the present bill. The bill would be presented by Mr. LENNA RD moved that it be an instruction to such coin- The transactions in TURpENTINE have been upon an extensive scale, ,
course is agreeable to the principles of reason-the votes are
the avhole of the stools in first hands having been taken by the trade
Saturday ;he should propose the second reading on Tuesday, tnittee to insert provisions, enabling . owners of lands, where not to be taken before deliberatton-they are not to be taken isilllPOrt,43. ' at 17s 6d 4/,' cwt.-which is an advance of ls ly cwt. upon last week's
-and the debate might be taken on the motion for the house to there had been a compulsory commutation as regards the origi- '
upon an intercepted deliberation-they are not to be taken if
l course • al we
go into committee. This was by np means an unusua , n, o ,er of such lands, to re-open the valuation at successive ---s-
-the deliberation has been prohibited by procuratorial power- EAST INDIES.. CAPE OF GOOD HOPE, Brc cwt lower, 37a 64 haying been accepted for sitbrls, although in other
iodeed bills of much greater magnitude had been so treated by periods of ten years, o hen it shall appear that the annual value the University has pronounced her will to be this-that after John Taylor, Crawford, fra Bombay with 9316 bales 11611;1f bale cases 38s has been obtained. Montreal Pearl Aehessealso are lower ;
'the house on various occasions. (Hear.) But he would not (to be ascertained by valuation) of the tithes, if they had been the subject has been well sifted and considered, convocation cotton, 649 bi.ts pepper, 3 bxs 1 ladle 'tea, 4 bxs shells, Iha 'n h s
wi e, 1 pr ,
some sales have been made at 475.-FIAXSEE.D is 11 Id rather more
pi'ices.-No sales in American TA R . -Montreal Pot Mims are 64 iff
,tOEiG/0711s.1_25c0LholivtiESRsNEPRWE.
press it it' it were against -the sense of the house. , taken itt kind for the precediug five years, after deducting 25 should proceed to vote in some one of the ways prescribed-you conts unkn, Taylor, Potter and co-P Dis firmly,. an oug, g ern n
sbides, 123 bales cotton, Order- lchst tea J
Some further discussion took place, which ended. by fixing per cent., would have been one-third less than the sums annu- „ill observe that these things have been all ordained, decreed, Memnon, Ekin, fm Calcutta, with 25 t red sandars wood, 2137 bgs York have been dispose _
t --VI Chests Bombay BEES'
gar 549 b s saltpetre 1403 r
mes off Vero slowly, at about forrier ra es.
that the bill should be read on Tuesday next (this day.) ally paid on account of such composition within the same five commanded bthl. • • • t f atural order of succession.
y e aw, in a sor o n tuuffaio andgso bls ' ' b6s linseed, 93 Ids cow hides, and 26 his g- , - ho d -QTJERCITRON BARK 18 very
Wax brougbt X 7 lus6d er cwt le n .
SIE•CLERKS-IHISH CHANCERY. years- He spoke at considerable length in support of it ; but But it' those proceedings take place in a reversed, changed, or Pollock and co-1 ees°2v ilk D Ross-1 prcl conts k " '
un n, R Livingston bhth d d s.ofclirciostir el
flat, and quotations almost nommal.-HIDES. The sales consist of
Lord Plunket introduced a bill for abolishing the office of it waa suggested to him that it would come in a better form as a confounded order, I hereby declare to you, Mr. Vice-Chancellor -B Dk 1530 salted Monte Video at spl for Ox, and 41d for Cow, 1000 salted
Six-clerks in the Irish Court of Chancery, which was read a clause. and Proctors, with all deference nor with less constancy, that Hector, Cowley, fm Caleutta, with 500 bgs sugar, Taylor, Potter • •
New York at 44d 12 004 East India Kips at 6d to 61d for sound dry,
Otslinaltas
tirst time. Mr. Ben MIRE spoke in favour of a voluntary commutation of you will have committed a mistake, and violating. the statute rind co-33010gs 1000 bgs rice, 39 cs castor oil, I cse silk pee goods, 31d to 3jc,lofiarrfiurt,ew ?non d and rubbed, and 21d to 3d ctr lb for second
d 1:o 2300 brined Monte Video Horse Hides at '
st.tve TRADE (SPAIN) BILL. - tithes. All that the legislature ought to do was to place the you will have given your sanction to a law of your own making.. Sands, Tiarner and co-100 bgs sugor. Robinson and Gil-yin-152 hales yr r
7s°3d to 8s 9d, and 800 salted do. at 1,,s each.-In Holies Haut and
Lord tratarr IMO on moving the second reading of the above- two parties interested in the commutation of tithes in such a si- But perhaps the adversary will press me with this question,- zttya,nli%,,licaoul,dl=orth alit co-20 do, Clarke ancd Niictsdosn,T3l2o
OAK BARK there are no transactions to report.-Tonacoo. The sales
named bill, very b'riefly stated its object. The treaty (he said) tuation as to enable them to make a satisfactory arrangement T 1, .
in woat siege or the business is the procuratorial veto to be in- can 86 So, 6501%,s lin:eled. 15(1)01p°;8riPtltr Arride.:; ri&acontsunVlZ of the week consist of 40 laids Virginia leaf, and 40 hhds stemmed ;
was on.e•of thoee measures in which this country had been en • between themselves. It had been proposed to take the rent terposed?-let the statute furnish the answer. "But let nh• WII L Syers-1 pre' do, H
ot ing Ripley-1 do, M`Leod, Houston and co- 52 bhds ICeritucky leaf, and 3 hhds stemmed ; the Kentucky leaf were
gaged' with a view of carrying into effect the total abolition of charge and farm the tithe upon it. What the operation of that be taken and considered as decreed or granted, which shall have -P Dk taken for exportation, and 20 hhds Virginia leaf for
.Ireland, and, the
slavery. The treaty, the subject of the present bill, was signed principle might be in the south of England he did not know, been negatived by the chancellor or his vice chancellor, ot by the WEST INDIES AND MADEIRA. ' remainder were disposed of to the home-trade. In prices there Isato
change.
in June, 1835. Another on the seine subject, between this but in the north of England he was sure it wonld lead to the two proctors or their deputies th a btl •' 't
epro-prot ors, or y le major] y Parker, Risien, fm Demerara, with 600 hds sugar, 24 pns 82 Ms -
--
country and Spain, was entered into as long ago as 1817; and greatest possible confusion. He knew cases in which 3() per of the whole house." runa Sandbacb, Tinne and co-54 hds sugar, Douglha. Fraser and co-
hes coffee J Nlurarity %nil co-10 hides 7 pkgs presents Order- MEDITERRANEAN PRODUCE
the bill which he had now the honour of preposinss for second cent. was paid on some felons, and in others only one er two per After the deliberation has been cartied on and completed 140 a .. ~. , .. . , .
- Catherine, Bibby, ,Iro IP nterara. with 31 hils sugar, D Willink-30 There ccintinues a very limited deinand .for tintsisTosta ; small lots
reading was an improvement of that. This treaty extended the cent., and there was no reason why, in a few years, those who after the votes of all have been taken and compared-that is Ms do, 75 1.) hds 4 brls rum,
Tins .., N Waterhouse and Sens-103, pns have been dis d f X 8 tXB2 6d aff ton.-In Sumac the sales
pose o at o s
latitude and longitude of the former treaty as to the right of now paid one or two per cent. might not be called on to pay 30. the riisht point of time for the proctors to interpose their veto, if 16 hds do, T and II Murraa-10 Pos do, Buchanan and Browne-12 are 100 haos Sicily at 13s 9d 117 cwt ;no transactions in Verona or Tri-
searching vessels suspected of carrying on the slave trade ;it He wes of opinion,that it was impossible to settle the question such should be their pleasure; it is theu, and not before delibe- I%),ns 4 hds do, Ashburner abnatleeca-ilt2 pits 15 hds do, 32 hds sugars S ..4 at .1; .
e.,,0.-,,0,,,,ng .o report in MADDERS OT MADDER ROOTS.-Afew
comprehended within it the whole coast of Africa, where it was oi tithe fairly between all parties by one general enactment 3 ration, not before the suffrages, that the proctors are to pronounce lackay-1 hal sugar, Sandt
r. 1,1
)nTs inzltav,,eo7.;),csilruls do, 80 pns rho* red Oporto AttooLs realized 31s, an.d 10 casks CREAM of TARTAR 583
likely that the trade would be carried on, from 27 degrees north but what was desirable was, that a system of commutation their formula, whether it be "We the two proctors put our veto," L Tien hats, WilsocusaijsCeeorT
,_
01
e rter-35 bisee.Otton,l9.ianiudi titnd Son-3U 6d •:, ewt.-A small sale has been made in Persian BERRIES at £l3 ay
latitude, and 30 degrees west longitude of Greenwich. The should be established, which, while it protected the interests of or "It doth not seem good to us, the proctors, to consent." In -35sheosottcoonfiege ta _ ff
M O'Connell-4 cks annatto, a Winder adeLoittr des cwt.-The business in OLIVE OIL extends
_to :bout 70. tuns, chiefy •
Mediterranean had always been excepted Irmo the right of both tithe-owner and tithe-payer, should be carried into effect short, the proctors are to follow the same course as that which 18 bastiaar, 2'B pus 8 lids molasses, 49 ens 34 lids ru 1 b "--.‘
Galipoii, at £6.2 to £63 •,: tun.-4n Fisu OIL the business has be n
m, x arrow- confined to about 40 tuns Newfoundland., Cod at X 36 10s, and .some i
searching vessels. One g: eat improvement which the present without favour to either party. they observe in taking votes in congregation and convocation root, 500(reoco nuts, 3 pkga prese.nitisipr!lner-G Dk
brown Seal at £36 /r-tun.--Lussaen Oie has been in great reeuest,
treaty embodied over the old one was, that the vessels taken Lord Howicts denied, from his own experience, that tbe dis- wheu graces are sought for, and dispensatioos granted, and Calista, Bradley, fin Belize,. wit 141 gs mahoganY, 8 t logwood, sod some extensive business dene during the week, commencing on
Son-B Dk
engaged in the traffic were all to be btoken up. (Hear.) Now position to enter into voluntary commutation of tithe was varicitis other matters of that sort transacted-ou all these occa- 950 coco nuts, D 13uchanan and
Saturday at 44s 6d to 45s ?Id, and yesterday at 46s fid to 47s IP' cwt.-7 .
heretofore they had been sold, and it vras not unfrequently the genetal, however strong it might be in patts of Cunaberland sions the proctors express their judgment last, not first, ,nor , UNITED,' STATES. The inquiry for RAPE Ore continues very limited.-Parm OIL •is still
-case that, after they had been disaosed of, they were again ern- and Not thutnberland. If they were to pass a bill for the vo. atnong the first, a course of proceeding which, upon this occasion, Aurora, Roals, fra New Orleans, wistahr.o6,
330 bales cotton H a
a,arty and neglected ; a few tons for export have been taken at £34 in bond some
ployed in the satne unworthy trade. luatary commutation of tithe, the effect of such a measure would befit-ionise with the 'principle and design of this delegation Jerdein Bros a 1 '
-167 do, W Stuart-a-281 do, Bi ~ . tat co-100 do, Or- Soap-mak.ers
,ahi
h v'na received a supply from the recent im arts tb.ou ht '
' ccasioned less .bu •' s fii . f Ph ' SS -
der-288 do T Wilson and co-2 bgs cotton seed, Barton, Heath and before arrival, as o sine.s o a t or ome-u e.
The bill was then read a second time, and ordered to be com- would be in the end to produce the greatest possible injustice to of a sort of' tributarian power to the t Th• 1 '
proc ors. Is reason ant co-P Dk The Distillers have realized a further advance on OIL of TURPENTINE,
Taitted on Monday. many parties, and would be likely, in a certaiii Period of time
• in the raw material.-Small sales continue to 1,5
, design are to be souoht in remote antiquity and when it was not
, e . . . s, Ileit Brooks, Redman, fin New Or ,
leans, with 100 hales cotton Yv owine to the rise
ADMINISTRATION OF JUSTICE IN THE WEST INDIES. to produce the greatest inconvenience to the country at large. unusual, by reason or tne spirit of the times, for things to be Forde and eo rld W dJI3 ' '• H t the quotations. Nothine done ill FLAX.-The
-280 dos Roskell, Ogden Sc co- J o, an rown effected in EMP a .
_. . e . . _. _
The bill on this subject was, on the motion of Lord Glenelg, The principle of voluntary commutation, which was at first suddenlY proposed to convocation, and precipitately and impru- and co-777 do, G Green -nd co-W Dk TALLOW ,marketj remains with very little animation, and prices littie
Tead a second tune. tolerable, was now 'quite impracticable. dentlY resolved 'upon, contrary, perhaps, to equity and rectitude; 0 - ' ' ' ' -
Cumberland M•Ninn fin New Orleans and Puerto, with fm New varied. . ' •
HoDGEs' DIVORCE BILL was also read a second time. Sir R. PEEL did not object to the princi.ple of compulsory iee proctors then interposed their power, (as the tribunes were d ' 137 d K '
04 bales cotton Phelps James an co- o. ell' and
_deans') , 8 „ _ , . ..., ....
Courant-330 do, Collmann, Lambert and co-Om ruerto uabello) 200
LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET. MARCH 25. .
Adjourned. commutation; he was only desirous of rendering tbemachinerY wont fo tha) and by their veto prevented the passing of the sta- t copper ore. J Bibby and c WDk
as perfect as possible. The noble lord had stated that there tute, although it had`received the sanction of the masters' votes, SOUTH AMERICA. , There has continued a .
steady demand for . Cotten during the wee k
HOUSE OF COMMONS.-TUESDAY. was a great advantage in the compulsory principle over the vo- and had 'seemed good to the majority of the house. .
.
the middle qualities of American, of
icularly for
from the trade, part
.
Rocket, Sage, fm &vanilla with 6791 ps fustie, 209 Zara cotton, W 1 ii Tiled and we close at an advance of id
THE BRIDGEW A TER ESTATES. luntary principle, and he (Sir R. Peel) allmitted that opinion to Such are the patticulars, Mr. Vice-Chancellor, which I have P Porter •L-1 bale cotton, J Mu' lholland and co-229 planks, 180 slabs which the market Is bare ys . a
E t'' ni are id higher, and for other
Mr. D. W. HARVEY presented a petition from Mr. Southeron, be well founded, provided thet the qualification of the compul- thOughf it right, properaand academical, to submit to your cedar. 8 scantlings, 520 ps fustie, Order-G Dk - Flf' 113,as well as upon Brazil; g
1- 37P 'Obtained. The Demerara, offered
the acting trustee of the Bridgewater property, in explanation spry principle should be consistent with strict justice e because, well-tried and proved. integrity. It is for you, members of con- Di igent, Johnson, fin 'Maracaibo, in Columbia, with 200 ps Cura- sorts tlie full prices of last wee . are
h ction, were sold at an advance of id to adopon the.pre-
of his conduct in having opposed the Manchester and Cheshire unless they gave satisfaction to all parties concerned, then he vocation, to watch over circumstances and take especial care rira wood, 22 t Braziletto wood, 4t 5 c Gateado wood, 200 bgs clividivi
sales buy private, Speculators • aye taken 4,64 bales Amerman,
vtcio-dO7 y a
canal Lilts. In reply to tbe charge of not having'consulted his feared that the adoption of the compulsory principle, hovvever that your aniversity
,take no detriment or da . from the 1!"8'
mage 40 bls tobacco, 500 dry saltad hidas, 12 arils indigo, 9 bgs coffee,
6 bdls sarsaparilla, 2 Nils goat skins, R Hutton and co-k Dk 450 E- ti-in tis ' Surat, 200 Bahia ; aud exporters, 3.70 American, 60
'''YP '' ' B r 1
co-trustees, the Archbishop of York and the Earl of Devon, he equitable it might be, would not, practically speaking, be at- course of events.- Surat, and 150 enea .
answered that they were only nominal trustees; and to that of tended with success. But the noble lord would, in fact, pre- .. MEDITERRANEAN.
being only anxious to resist lord F. Egerton he said that he vent the voluntary arrangement from taking place, and he Anaxibia, Pidgeoce fm Constatinople, with 208 his sheeps' wool, "f OF SALES AND IMPORTS
.OF COTTON,
ACCOUN
opposed the bills on public and private grounds, as being inju- would hold out a compulsory power at the end of the stated SERIOUS HINTS TO THE PRINCE CONSORT. 169 sks yellow berries, 1 cse 8 bls silk, 4 brls h„o gum, 3cs retd goods,
From the 19th 7ittstant to this day ineltifive.
7 cks 5! As madder 144 sks madder, roots, 41 sks g, Bs 8 t boxwood-, 3
bons to the community as well as to the Bridgewater property. period. Looking at the nature of property in land, and the t old junk, Order-5 es gum trae,.aciantli, E Ede-a bls silk, do-12 do, SALES. IMPORTS.
Lord F. EGENToN repeated that the former petition had been alterations whiCh railroads and other improvements might make Previous to the arrival of the Prince Consort of Portugal in It. Zivilchenbart, and co-K Dk. Sales . -
DESCRIPTIONS. Prvsly This, -This i----7v-771-) x
hk s •
sUrreptitiously prepared and forwarded. in its value, he deprecated any valuation now which might seem this country, we stated that we should have something to say lo •
FRANCE. ' thisYear•Week of t a wee • Week this Year
The several petitions were ordered to be referred to the corn- to be permanent, as injurious alike to the tithe-owners and him of particular moment. He has in some degree anticipated Pieparateur..Damigny, fm Charente with 100 hds, brandy, T Ma- --
mittee. tithe-payers. our intentions, for which we are disposed to give his keen-sighted neau-75 do, L E Siegnette-15 do, J .M
Wood-la do, Jelfre -- 1 d-' a's 2680 .200 24 Kit 31d
3s on( Sea Islan beorata.....
THE TODMORDEN ENCLOSURE BILL. Lord JOHN RussELL said he certainly had no wish to press uncle all the credit. We were deSirous of cautioning the Barton-39 do, J Dawson-9 pos 32 hds 1 ese do, Order-123.cs do, T Stained Ditto , 780, . 100 101
.., 13 . 95 935;7
'
Mr. BOOTLE WiLalia RAM moved the third reading of this this bill through the house in haste. The voluntary principle Young prince touching his Portuguese cooks and physicians, !,laa,3;-el,e,y-s110)rs 94 hds 2es do, 1 cso wine, 12 cs prunes, For White- Upland Ditto 110430 6340 10 - 111
bill.-Mr. PIELDEN opposed the bill, and moved that it be read involved would not work beneficially, and he certainly did not seeing the fate that betel Don Pedro and the late Pi ince Con- 1
412ra . ....... '• • 1 . 27660 3260 le- _
81 - 101 .
Mar;te, Storey, fm Charente, with Bps 72 hds brandy Orde 111 . 15084 893-4
• - 4.
that day six months.-The amendment, after a short discussion, feel the less.strongly upon it at present. With the exception sart. It is notorious that both Don Pedro and the late consort 10 ps'do, G Pilkington-6 do, R and S Cope-5 do, R Turner-10 hds New Orleans.... ..... . 78230 4660. 10 - 121 -
was earried.-For the the third reading, 38; against it, 77; ma- of' the suggestion conveyed in the speech of the lion. member of Donna Maria were settled by a mode adopted byahe Por- j %-nowles -,10•do, Weeves and Hardman-5 do, Richardson-20 ps 41) Pernambuco
818 inner, ,
Ili __ 124
.1 sess. . I
jority against the bill, 39. for Cuinberlaud. he had scarcely heard a practical substitute tuguese to get rid of inconvenient royalty, similar in its effects Ms do, J Carter and co-7 lids do, J Bullen-8 ps 4 hds do, E Arms- Aricati and Ceara.
TAXATION OF THE COUNTRY. mentioned. which could be acted upon. As regarded tiie to that in fashion in Russia, though not quite so rudely adminis- trong and co-1.16 lids Glazebrook Bros-5 ps 5 lids Cooper and I
Bahia,and Magaio...... 13180. , 410 10 - 121 2058 sow i
Mr. ROBINSON, in bringing forward his motion for an improved general principle of. the bill, it seemed to him to be calculated tered. We perceive that Prm„e
a •Ferdinand takes (most wise lieu...Tilton-2 vs 3 lids It Johnson-2 ps .10 Ms Alanso and Brandreth Maranham l2f -14
j 11680 1260- .101
o_ Ili .1 1676 am.
system of taxation, said his object was not to establish any pre- to accomplish an honest intention of
.doing justice -s) s9O lids It W Pre•t n au
' aim' g his own rook and his own hysialan Had he done -P - . • s o id co-3 has T Patchett-3 do, E Caance eawginned
to o„so preca .) • .• P . , . -10 cs wine, E Wood and Tory. Para. 6O 101 -0- - ,
~
conceived theory" hut to press on the house facts which had been parties. The clergy generally throughout the country had not otherwise, he had been guiltless of that common sense anu _ ...
20 . 0 - .0 1639.
supported by the whole of' the present ministry. It would be complained of the bill. . shrewdness which has elevated the scions of the /louse of Coburg, . EUROPE. Peruvian
Demerara ald.Berbice, 320 0 - 0 65 457
recollected that Isis right hon. friend, the President of the Board After sonic further discussion, the house went into committee who now throw the houses of Hapsburg and Bourbon into ttie Sovio, Brander, fin Braliestadt, with 1129 brls 150 hf brie tar, 21 c.
23 handsiiik'es, 71 e deals, Stewart. Bald and co--18 brls tar, said Barbados, . . - 0
of Trade had made a motion to the same effect in 1830, and that on the bill, and disposed of the first seventeen. of its clauses. shade, Master-Q Dk . C.sminon Weat India.., 1130 0- 0 1 210 798
motion was supported by the. present Chancellor of the Exche- SELECT COMMITTEES. . This, no doubt, will give great offence to the Lisbonians-s- Australia; Forrester, fm Amsterdam, with 12 caks copper J Macaire LiGuayra 4380 '7O 101 - 0 93p
quer. His motion was to do away with a system by vvhich taxes Sir JAMES GRA HA m moved a declaratory rosolution, that ac- He has ventured on a des erate ame and he and
but what of that; . • p g , , co-. 1 cse cordials .1 A Tiane-6 bxs curaeoa D Willink-8 Ids Carthaeena - 0
pressed unequally on the great body of the people. He did not cording to the established rules of parliament, the chairnsaraof has an undoubted right to get all the odds he can in his favour. ,
hair J W S 'V ' S 7
ilay. myrna 10 01 - 0
wish to detain the house by any lengthened statement, and he a select committee can only vote when there is an equality of He is right in having his meals, cooked by trusty and legitimate _______. - s_____. Egyptian 8390 2830 13f - 151
Surat and Madras - 9 3767
2462 12772
woUld, therefore, read his resolutions, in order that the house. voices. compoutiders of soul -krnut ; and wise, should the aforeistiid Gers :Zs-7'.l)t minim 31 ittriliggitte. Bengal .... ...... - 64, 2090 , 3273
might see with more clearness the objects which he had in view. Agreed to. man conditnenatrouble his royal interior, in havitig, a • Coburg - -- Per ptiblic sale this day, 340 'l3- lh
.
---auw—
The hon. member theu proceeded to read the following resolu- CONSTITUENCY OF cORK. quack from thabanks of ,the Saute to administer to his relief.' Sea Island .
1 -
tions :-,-- Mr. LEE li OY moyed fora return. of the number of persons ap- .
NVe wish him heartily well through his matrimonial apprentice- FRIDAY, Mane a 25.-,Noon, Wind South.-Fair. Stained Ditto • -
" That the public lIICOTII3 is raised by taxes imposed during amaring on the register oraietets for the city of 'Cork, Who have . P . WINED ie., ato ,
1 ' b h •ll b ' '• I 1 AR • -T1" U. ,• iie ~
from Charente.'
slit -.- One thing- lowever, we eg eea ear in mint -et
- . ... Manilla, Ssa 3O -60 104 - 0
the exigencies of war, ur under circumstances so inapplicable to., autheatiCated Iry theirartaiks. instead of •sionatur • '.'l II Th • • th• tha b 11 '
e as ad, him beware ot 1a me a.' , . el eis rto ing ttat sa owa, ••- ,
es ist saw . -- -----._
304580 122440 , 29882 222792
The Al.ee, S palea, from caoton, off Portsmouth, alst inst. ; sailed
the present siate of the cosantry that a revision .of cuss taaajwifia :
writin„,e Lt he-affidavits --. ase ara-• • • . •- -visag7ad inipersonation of mischief is. not capable of doing. Be-
'olililliCh they were reoistered.
. . e ware• then P•• . Fa& rat dof Pahnella. We warn you-, as Wein ,iii Feb for 1 eith
25th Nov. and truirn St H . - . . . .
system would' be-highly beuelicial to the nation at large." ' Mr.l.YLoroltraN objected to the inbtion. It specified no •• ' - uute - 't ' ' St George, Thompsol, from Bristol, at Madeas. Monday. Evening, 2811 i Maieh.
" That the revenue is chiefly levied on articles of necessary r • d • ' I att.-hide, in fact, the 40s. freeholdraa.' -if it
tine, an %sena i we mean you well. .He, is the sworn ,ally of the Duchess Bra-
Freak, , from China, at the Cape of Good Hope, and sailed The aales on: Saturday were 3,090.ba1es at the full quotation pf Fri-
consumption, by which the burdens of the people are enor. Were so framed as merely to include the £lll heuseholders, he dhe will carr . into effect her leaac to your child
ganza, an : 1 .
..
,y . . lAth Jan. fiirGmh. day. To-diy, there has been7an extensive business doing by specu-
morisly increased, and their comforts diminished, without should not object In it, as it would then appear that there were when she leaves the shot es of Portu al after its birth. We Ina
. _ g. . y The Daentless„ , , ,
sailed from Bombay for Caleutta,lsth Nov. lators and the trade, at /SI to id 11,' lb advance ; the sales amounting to
any corresponding benefit to the state, the trader and retail 'not, as had been stated the other night, six huadred of them k in mrables now but the time is not far distant when our
spea . 1 , . Antrim, O'Hara, from Belfast, at Portaferry, for th;Frs port.
._ co a, ant it Ft .r, , ni ,era« n
Tbe S ti• lel •, to fti I I. I ) are on Holvtrood Bank. 10,000 bales, of 'Which 3, 00 are on '
and Surat, and the remainder to the tr -
speculation, 1
'n American, Brazi), .
dealer being obliged to charge a profit both on the duty and the who could not write their patties, but that on the contrary tliey words w
' 11l be spoken of as those of prophetic truth.-Aye.
Getirr,e Canning,. Jefferson, from this port, was totally lost sth -Jan. ade. ,
,
,
prime. coast. were as intellitient a eenaiituency as any in itie kinurinr. rk. -- ---_______, .
'
_ . . .

Mr. LLrttoy moved fora return of the number of persons ap-
pearing. on the register urVoters for the city of Cork, Who have
authentic:toed by their•mai lot. instead of
'•signatrres Sin feud:..
writing, •the-allldavits'oli-WhiCh they w'ele registered.
Mr. (YLotiaiii.VN objected to the iunhun, It specified no
time, and would include, in fact, the 40s. freeholder 4. If it
Were so framed as merely to include the £lO householders, he
should not object to it, as it would then appear that there were
not, as had been stated the other night, six hundred of them
who could not write their names, but that on the contrary they
were as intelligent a constituency as any in the kingdom. The
object of the motion was to disparage the new constituency un-
ier the Municipal Reform bill.
Mr. LErnoy said that the hon. and learned member for Ban-
don (Mr Sergeant Jackson), in order to show the ineligible
class of voters about to be selected under the municipal refOrm
bill, had stated that several hundred of the constituency of
Cork, notheint,'able to write their names, had attached their
marks to the affidavits of registry. The Abject of the Motiot.
was to bear out that statement and the view founded upon it.
The motion was negatived.
Adjourned.

, . .
The Scotia, and Chester, (tilnber laden) are on IlolYWood Bank.
GeOr,e Cantlin.,,,,•Jetrerson, from this port, was totally loft sth 'Jan.
on the Calabar Flats. Crew saved.
The Rolla from Loudon, was burnt in Bonny River 6th Jan. Crew
saved.
- Husk isson, Edwards, hence, at Africa.
Ida sailed from A frfen for this port, previods to 6th Jan.
Traveller, from Port-au-Prince, at Falmouth.
i Crescent, from Aux Cayes, at di).
'1,114 Hedges, eiperienct d
C.-finialvSl:4Y:r.aern'dEslulitseenddconsiderable damage.
~.
hiC3,a;:Nr‘..ir:)g3l,l.li9°otvhil2ilarch.—The Swan, for Jarnaiea, lost an anchor and
cable, and damaged 'her windlass,' &e: during the gale of lith March ,
but was towed into Whitehaven yesterday. ,

" That the excise laws and regulations interfere most inju-
riously and oppressively with various branches of trade and ma-
nufactures, with the employment of capital and labour at home,
and with the freedom and extension of foreign commerce, and
that they greatly raise the cost, of subsistence on the labouring
classes of the community.
" That the unequal pressure of taxation is increased by the
levy of a uniform duty of customs, without reference to the
value of various articles of the same denomination.
That the stamp, legacy, and pfobate duties are most unjust
and partial in their operation on transfers, obligations, secu-
rities, and other instruments of small value, compared with
those of larger amount; and that a considerable portion of the
wealth of the nation is altogether exempt from the legacy and
probate duty charged upon other descriptions of property.
" That by so impolitic and complicated a state of finance, the
cost of coliecting the public revenue is greatly enhanced, and
the burdens of the people further augmented.
" That the return to a gold standard in 1819, followed by the
suppression of small notes in England Wales, has materially
changed the relative condition of the productive classes, and of
those who possess the wealth and capital of the nation.
" That for these reasons it is the bounden duty of this House,
not only to repeal and reduce taxation to as great an extent as
may
he compatible with the maintenance of national credit
e closet necessar • demands
to
view tOy luch nvestigate the whole state of our finance, with the
industry judicious alterations as may relieve the labour and
the t
country, and comprehend within the range of
contribution tostate, without distinction
service all property protected by the
taxation may b or exception, so that the pressure of
e tientened by a more just and equal distribu-
tion of the burdenspublic
sub4ects."among all classes of his Majesty's
1 he CHANCitt.tOR of the E
solutions with a direct n„ativexch"r" met the proposed re-
anti expressed a hope that, the
honourable member
would Withdraw
t them. When taxes could
whic
be they had been reduced; and h
e principle adopted was to
select for reduction those
h were most likely to afford relief
without
to industry of the country.
The resdivisi -lutions after some discussion were put and negatived
a on.

STATE OF TRADE.

LIViEHPOOL COl I,N EXCHANGE, MAucH.2B,

LEEns.—The woollen cloth business in Leeds and its neigh-
bourhhod, still continues brisk, particularly in the deinand far
low and middling qualities of goods, of which Ihe. stiicks are
very limited. 'There is no inaterial alteration in the wool market,
but low wonis still continue to be held firmly, with a tendency
to ad;:ance.

The arrivals during the week have been moderate. The Wheat
trade has, 'leen inactive and at Friday's market ; on board parcels
Were ()Arad at l(lper bushel.cheaper ; the millers and dealers have
been holding otf purchaSing, and the speculators have done nothing.
This trade was also (lull at Manchester.
But feki,' Oit.4"haVe been taken off' the market by the mealmen ,
what have been Sold, have not realized former rates.
The Flountrade has been dull, the dealers have bought sparingly, but
we do not alter our quotations.
df Oat*al, the sales have been very. moderate 26s .e 240ths is
offiered for the'best lots, which is refused, while 26s 6d would fil ad Iy be
taken.

Eli A DFORD MARKET, on Thursday, was marked by the same
activity in the various branches of Worsted manufacture as had
thaTacteiised the Market days for sonic time past. The best
qualities of manufactured goods still continue scarce, owing, to
their being punihased as soon as made, and there is, consequently,
a tendency in prices to adVance. The finer sorts of yarns were
consequently in request at improved terms, and in other. qualities
a good deal of bustness was done. \Vol& are still looking up,
but as the spinners only purchase sparingly, and in order to
meet their immediate wants, the attance is gradual rather than
considerable. - Still, however, prices are much higher than they'
were three months ago.
HECK MON DIM E..-T he blanket trade at this place and the
surrounding villageS Is in 'a very prosperons state. All hands,
are fully employed, and large -Orders wanted'at shott dates have
been refused as the manufacturers'Would not be enabled to corn=
plete them in less than two dr three months.
HunnEnsrmin.—There was a brisk deMand, on Tuesday,
for plain cloths of super qualities, and a griod deal of business
was done in cassimeres, cassinetts, and othqi fancy fabrics.

SATURDAY, MARCH 26.7--Noon, Wind N.W.—Blowing fresh.
ARRIVED—John O'Gitunt, Roberson, from China.

Malting Barley wanted, and choice Irish would command St 41).
60tbs,

PRESENT TO JAMES EWING, ESQ„ OF GLASGOW.

I'aerie Queen, Holmes from Liverpool, at China
Enmore-Sivainson, from Madras, at do
Patriot King, Clarke, from Rio Janeiro and Bombay, at do
Lisbon Packet, Cooper, from Liverpool at Africa.
Portia, Sproat, do, at Marseilles
Earl Gray, Robinson, frOni Manila, at Cove; sailed 9th Nov.
Congo, Potter. from Africa, at Bristol
Europa, from Lima and Valparaiso, at Swansea
Courier, Dixon, from, the, Cape of Good Hope, at Downs
Jane Brown, Dunlop, from Canton' at Glasgow,
John O'Gaant, RoberlsOn, from China, at this port ; sailed from
Lintin 12th Dec. in company with the Duke of Lancaster for London,
parted company 28th Dec. in parted company 28th Dec. in lat 84 S,
long. 95 E; same day spoke the Brancken Moor, froth Sineapore for
London. On the 2r.th Jan. in lat. 28 10 5, long. 47 E, spoke the'Lady
Feversham, from Bombay for London. On the 25th instant, otr
Waterford, spoke the Prancis, from Liverpool for Barbadoes. On
26, On 26th, off Point Lynns, spoke the Mail, from Liverpool for
Trinidad, with loss of bowsprithead.
Glasgow, Stephenson, from St. John, N:B. at the Clyde; sailed
27th Feb. in company with the Elizabeth, for Liverpool. Left load-
ing the Barlow and Lockwood, to sail in a few days for Liverpool.
On 22d March, off Bardsev, exchanged numbers with the Edmond,
Strang, from Liverpool for At. John, N.B.
CARNARVON, 25th Mallow—The Flying Fish, Thomas, from Mil-
ford for Liverpool, has struck on Swilly Rock, and is" expected to
become a wreck.
livaacomna, 22d MARCH.—The wreck of a vessel, apparently a
brig, lying on her broadside, painted with a yellow streak, and half
ports, was passed 18th March, about 6 miles east of Lundy Island.

A magniiicent piece of gold plate 'was presented" on Friday
last to this gentleman, who has done more for the city of Glas-
gow than any living man, by Mr. Dalglish, accompanied by the
committee under whose management the necessary funds were
collected from his fellow-citizens In order to secure a more
general expression of public feeling towards Mr. Ewing no one
person was permitted to subscribe tore than two pounds.
.The following description of the present. so honourable alike
to the givers and to him to whom it was given, is taken from the
Scottish Guardian : _ _

7011). s d s d
English, new red. 6 8 leo 7 2
Do. old 0 0 .. 0 0
Do. new White
Do. old 0 0 .. 0 0
Scotch, white 0 0 .. 0 0
Do. red
Irisir,'new red
Do. old 6 0 .. 6 7
Do. new white
Do. old 0 0 .. 0 0
Danttig. red
Do, white
Stettin, red 0 0 .. 0 0
Do. white 0 0 .. 0 0
Conigsberg, red 0 0 .. 0 0
Do. white
Riga& Petersburg 0 0 .. 0 0
Odessa
Russian, hard— . 0 0 .. 0 0
Canada, red 0 0 .. 0 0
Do. white
Bonded Wheat
qr-English7
and Foreigri:free 0 0 .. 0 0
Do. in bond
BARLEY, 41,' imp. qr. •
• English, Malting 32 0 ..,35.. 0
Do. Grinding.6oth 3 8 .. 3 11
Irish, Malting, do. 0 0 .. 0 -
Do. Grinding, do. 3
,8 .. 3 11
' Foreign, d. do, 0 • 0 .. 0 0
Do. in boaa.o 0 0
OATS, V 4'7)115.
English, new
Do. old 0 0 .. 0 0
Scotch. R:c new 0 0 .. 0 0
Do. old 0 0 .. 0 0

OAT, 41t.451b. 8 d A 11
Irish, n. kilndried 2 8 a 2 11,
Do. old dn.

110. prime, 42115 2 Ilf.: 3 1
Do. do. old 0 0.. 0 0
Foreign, free 0 0.. 0 0
Do. it blind 0 U .. 0 0
('EASE, .tr imp. qr.
English, white OO 0 . 00 0
• Foreign, white 4O 0 .. 44 0
BEANS, 11" imp. qr
English, new 3l 0 .. 44 0
Do. Pigeon, old OO 0 .. CO 0,
Foreign, free
Do. in hond....— 0 0 0 0
Irish, Tiek.e. new 33 6 .. 37 6
Do. 01d...
MALT, <tr imp. qr.
Er,liSh
UNMAN CORN, im. qr.
Red
White ...
2801 b. _ _

The plate consists of a massive gold plateau, six feet and a
half long. by twenty-seven inches broad, richly and elegantly
ornamented in three compartments. On different partsof a broad
and highly varnished plane are the following inscriptions

TO
JAMES 14:'WING, ESQUIRE,
FOR HIS PUBLIC SERVICES
To THE

It will he remembered lhat by a provision of the Municipal
Reform Act, the EcelesiastiOal 'Preferments in the patronage of
the several Corporations were directed 'to be sold under the
superintendence of the church commissioners. We understand
that the advowson of the rectory Of Rortishead, worth £7OO a
year, in the patronage of the corporation of Bristol, the first of
these livings offered for sale, has been, with the consent of the
commissioners, purchilSed for the full value, by a gentleman of
fortune in the immediate neighbourhood. The commissioners
decided, shortly after the passing of the act, that those sales
should take place by tender—a mode which enables them, in
compliance with the intention of the legislature, to reserve to
themselves some discretion as to the.purchaser.—Observer.
INTENDED MARRIAGE IN liters LIFE.—Lord Osmantown,
the heir apparent of the Earl of Bosse, will shortly be united.
to Miss Field, eldest daughter of John Wilmer Field, Esq., of
Heaton Hall, near Bradford.

CITY OF GLASGOW,
VOTED
AT A ►OBLIC MEETING OF CITIZENS,
9TH MARCH, 1835.
CHAIRMAN OP THE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE, 1818.
CHAIRMAN OF THE WEST INDIA ASSOCIATION, 18224
DEAN OF GUILD, 1816 AND 1830.
LOUD PROVOST, 1832.
MEMBER OP PARLIAMENT, 1833.
with armorial hearings beautifully emblazoned. Underneath
the plane is a broad, bold, and highly embossed border, in full
relief, the whole supported upon eight large massive scroll and
shell feet of ' erg rich workmanship,

Englii;, fine—L 0 0 0.0
Irish, gds, new 30 6.r. t.) 0
Do: fine

`American. sweet,
per,l3:l. free.... 0 0.. 0 0
Do. in bond 26 0 27 0
Do. sour, free,... 19 6 .. 21 0
Do. in bond .... 26 0 .. 27 0
Canadian, free .. 26 0 .. 28 0
Do. in bond 19 6 .. 21 0
OATNIAAL, 2401 b
English, ne*".;.i 0 0.. 0 ()
Irish, new
Do. old 4 0. 0 .. 0 0
BRAN, 4fr 0 11 .. 9

SUNDAY, NlAncri 27.—N00n, Wind S.—Light.
ARRIVED—The Exquisite, , from Valparaiso, and Columbia,
—, from Savannah.

Samuel Brown, Harding, sailed from Madras for Mauritius 29th
October.
Adelaide, Bainbridge, from Liverpnol, at Savannah
Pearl, Croabie, from Liarbadoes, at Limerick in 28idays

it
*‘.4\
