STATE OF THE WEST INDIES.

Lord COLVILLE rose, with considerable reluctance, to post-
pone his motion for the reappointment of the select committee
on the state of the West India colonies. He thought it fair to
state the real cause of this postponement. He had been
yesterday. informed by that respectable body, the committee
representing the West India interest, that the noble Secretary
for the Colonies had requested an interview with them, for the
purpose of submitting to their consideration the plan proposed
to be adopted by the government, and those gentlemen having
no wish whatever to embarrass the government (any more than
himself,) had most readily consented to the postponement of the
motion for the present. For his own part, having no object in
view but to assist the colonists in eliciting the truth and obtain-
ing justice, he had consented to propose this postponement.
There did not exist an individual who was less connected with
or interested in West Indian property than himself, and he
had undertaken the task of moving for the reappointment of the
committee at the request of the body alluded to, solely because
he thought their object to be a fair investigation. He was
sorry that the reasons which called for this postponement pre-
vented him from fixing another day for bringing forward the
motion, it being impossible to name a day till an opportunity
was afforded for taking the plan of government into considera-
tion. He hoped that the cause of the colonies might not suffer
from this postponement, and pledged himself at the earliest
possible moment to fix a day for bringing the subject forward
again.—Order discharged.
TRIAL OF OFFENCES (IRELAND) BILL.
The . house having resolved itself into a committee on the
Trial of Offences (Ireland)` Bilit
Lord "WYNFORD proposed, with a view always to have the
assent of two judges to changes of the venue, to in,sert after the
words " it shall and' may be lawful for His Majesty's Court of
King's Bench in Ireland," these words—" or, in vacation, for
two judges of the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or
Exchequer," &c.
-The-Lotto CHANCELLOR concurred in the propriety of the
amendment, which was agreed to.
The house resumed, and the report was ordered to be.received
to-morrow.—Adjourned.

HOUSE 011 COIWIVIONS.

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 26.
RAILWAYS.

The Birmingham. and London Railway bill was read a se.
cond time and committed.

Mr. WILSON PATTEN brought in the Warrington. and Bir-
mingham Railway bill which was read'a first time.
Mr. O'CONNELL postponed his motions for bills to amend "an
act to amend the representation of the people of Ireland."
- Lord ALTHORP postponed his motion for leave to bring, in a
bill for the commutation of Tithes till the 12th of March.

Mr. PORTMAN, obtaineu leave to bring in_ a bill to consoli-
date and amend the high Way laws.
On the motion of Mr. E. RUTHVEN a return was.ordered of
the state of the Curragh of Kildare, and of the Phoenix-park,
adjoining the city of Dublin.
On the motion of Mr. P. Tuomsox a new writ was ordered
for the Borough of Dover, in the room of Mr. P. Thomson,
who. takes his seat ag representative of the Borough
of Man-
chester.

CotoriEt. PERCEVAL; moved as an amendment, in the re-
turn ordered on the 14th instant, with reference to the trial for
offences in Ireland, that the Roman. Catholic criminals should
be distinguished from the Protestants, which gave rise to some
observations from Mr. Rice, Mr. Pease,' Sill J. Tyrel, Mr.
Stanley, and Mr. O'Connell, when the hon. and gallant mem-
ber withdrew his motion.

Mr- HOME, moved for some returns, of which he had given
notice, relative to the Colonelcies-of regimenti, which were
ordered, together with several other returns connected with
the army and navy.. The same hon. member presented a peti
tion signed by 5,330 inhabitants 'of the Metropolis, praying
that the House would mitigate the severity of the criminal
code, and gave notice that he would on the 7th March next,
call the attention of the House to the report of the committee
of last session, respecting the expediency of building a new
and more commodious House of Commons. Petitions were
presented from the following places, by
Mr. SPRING RICE from the town of Cambridge against the
house and window tax ;. Mr. Walter from the inhabitants of
Nottingham against tithes ; Mr. Phillips from Pembroke for,
the abolition of negro slavery ; Colonel rorrens from the inha-
bitants of Bolton against the overworking of children in fac-
tories; Colonel L. Hay from the borough of Inverary against
the present malt duties; Mr. Johnson from several places in.
Scotland against the violation of the Sabbath and the present
system of church patronage in that country; Mr. Tooke from.
tfie incorporated Common Law Society praying, that more con-
venient accommodation should be provided for the judges in
the discharge of that part of their duty which was performed in
chambers. The honourable gentleman also gave notice, that
on the 10th May he should move for leave to-bring in a bill to
amend so much of the reform bill as related to the registration
of voters for counties.

Mr. GUEST moved for the following returns :—" The quan-
tity of foreign iron imported, in the years 1831 and 1832, and of
the British and foreign iron•exported from this to other eoun-
trieK during the same period ;—also for the quantity and qua-
lity of the copper sheeting in his Majesty's dock yard; with an
account, stating the sums paid in salaries and wages to the
officers and labourers employed in preparing and rolling cop-
per, and also the amount paid to superannuated officers of the
several dock yards, and for the quantity and quality of the
stock of iron in thei dock yards in the years 1831 and 1832,
which were ordered.
