THE SHIPPING INTEREST,

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.
SIR,—I believe it will readily be admitted that there is no
port in Great Britain where the great interests arising out of
ships, colonies, and commerce arc so fully appreciated as in the
good old town of Liverpool; and at a time like the present it
behoves every man to consider well the pretensions and merits
of the different candidates now soliciting our suffrages for the
honour of representing our interests in Parliament, at one of
the most important periods of our history; fOr a ndw era has
commenced in the representative government of this country.
To explain, in few words, what sort of men. we ought not to
send to Parliament, I will suppose a case, which, ;although
purely fictitious, our shipowners will, I fear, tell_you is one of
mortifying but too common occurrence. A fine Britisriship is
about to proceed to a port in the United States, and the owner,
not wishing to send her away in ballast, calls upon various
merchants with a view to procure freight, and he says,—" I
have a good Liverpool ship to sail for the States in a few days,
and I shall be glad if you can give me a little freight."
American Merchant.—" I think we have nothing we can ship
by your vessel."
Shipowner.—" Mine is a first class ship, and I will take freight
at as low a rate as any one; and as I understand you have
.some goods to ship, I hope you will give me a preference."
American Merchant.—" Why, we prefer shipping in Ameri-
can bottotns."

Shipbuilders and shipowners of Liverpool, what would you
thiirk of this ? Can there be a doubt what course you should
pursue at the approaching election ? I think not. Those men
who will foiter and encourage British interests ought to have
onr best.support, even for our own sakes.
And What is meant by ",universal commerce ?" Is it to ad-
Irak l'orcieneraof all denominations to trade with us and with
oar coloines, 'upon the same footing we ourselves enjoy, even
%without granting no reciprocity in return ? I suppose it means
this; if it 'metres anything. Or is it to be found in the system
now ,"ieitsrred of-leatgaing with our opponents and quarrelling
'with our old commercial friends?
"Free -trade", lio,doubt sounds well, but it can only be car-
iiod,oll prosperotrsly wit!. nations 'that stand in the same relative
situation as ourselves; but as it is now carried on, it is a ques-
tion if ,we are mot losers by inany'of 'the changes introduced of
late years. Even that ~great theorist, the • late Mr. linskisson,
admitted thittif free trade was found to be incompatible with
the prosperity of oar commercial marine, the former must give
wav, and .the •latter be protected.
Shipowners .aud ,shipbuilders of Liverpool, I call upon you
to support thine whose interest and predilections are truly Bri-
tish, and brtloing so you support yourselves. Let your motto
.be " Ships, Colomes, acid Commerce ;" and support with might
'and main Lord Sand6n and Ifoward Douglas, so will you
set an example of patriotisin to the whole kingdom, and confer
never-fading honourullon the .tood old town of Live Tool.
A RASTER SHIPBUILDER.

MOB MO \ EMENTS.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL ST-4ND4RD.

• Sia,—l. wish to make knowu to your readers a very sensible
pamphlet, entitled, Conservatives and Destructives, or Mob
teorce considered." It is a very short work, calculated to di-
minish the exaggerated alarms which we have recently felt
from the apparent success of the mob insurrections at Paris,
Brussels, bristol, and Lyons. The writer shows that the suc-
cess of what are called the " glorious three days" in Paris,
was owing, not to the mob, but the citizens; not to the popu-
lace, but the population. . France was deraocraticised : the
explosion had been secretly preparing for years: the Chamber
of Deputies set the example of rebellion, by refusing the sup-
plies ; and the infatuated King waged war upon his people,
with nothing but a divided force of 8000 men, and these without.
commander 3, concert, or communication. The sth Regiment
deserted; a Swiss battalion fled in a panic from the Louvre to
the Champs Elysees; and the troops that remained faithful
being divided,
-dispirited, and famished, (for they had nothing
to eat)) were forced at last to retire from the contest. Had
Larvebe Jacquelain's corps, which was at Beauvais, been or-
dered to advance in time, we should have heard no more of the
glorious three days.
The insurrection at Lyons was begun, no doubt, by the mob,
but the mob was joined leg the National Guards, even in their
uniforms; and a vast number of the mob were the disbanded
veterans of the imperial army. The citizens thought the
surrection good sport, till their own houses began to burn, and
then it ceased to be ,sport, and they. formed themselves into
conservative bands; and-very shortly, without the help of the
regular troops, repressed the insurrection, which only lasted
four days. A week afterwards, Soult and the Duke of Orleans
entered the city.

insurrection in Brussels was a very singular event. The
mob first rose and burnt the house of an Italian newspaper edi-
tor, and got drunk with his wine. They then broke the win-
dows of the Court of Justice, and burnt the Chief Judge, Van
Maaven's house. So far all was good sport. But the discon-
tented began to think that they might make something more
out of it, and get rid of the House of Orange. So they pfr-
suaded the donkey magistrates to remove the military and give
them army, and said that they would restore peace! They did
restore peace, with a vengeance ; but it was by tearing down
the standard of the House of Orange, and erecting the revolu-
tionary flag in its room. Hence the glorious independence of
the braves Belges.
Prince Frederic of Orange arrived with his army before
Brussels on the 23rd of September, and instead of encamping
near the city, as he ought to have done, and cutting off its sup-
plies, and leaving its fat burgesses to the tender mercies of the
mob, he attempted to enter it by main force, and, failing in this,
and not wishing to destroy it, retired. Hence the new citizen-
kingship of poor Prince Leopold; hence the new appendage of
Belgium to the French republican monarchy; hence Lord
Palmerston's Dutch war. The Bristol insurrection began, as
usual, with the mob, but the citizens basely betrayed their trust.
Out of a population of 30,000 males, capable of bearing arms,
only 150 could be found (Oh everlasting shame!) to act as special
constables in defence of their town. 'When the Recorder was
pelted, they danced with joy; when the Mansion-house was
plundered, they shouted " King and reform." There was no
civil force, and only 100 dragoons ; and the unhappy colonel
shook hands with the mob. At length, however, when three-
fourths of Queen-square and the Bishop's palace were burnt;
when the politicians were revenged, and the corporation haters
satisfied, a handful of regulars extinguished the insurrection :
twenty-three dragoons quelled the chief body of the rioters,
which three more troops entirely dispersed.
The mob, therefore, did not beat the regulars, either at Paris,
Lyons, Brussels, or Bristol, and a mere mob never will beat a
well-organised military. A mere mob is not only the basest,
but the most cowardly thing in the world. There were barri-
cades in Bristol, and the streets were strewed with broken glass;
but all in vain. Let us then not be afraid in Liverpool : to be
sure we have little cause to fear. Our people is not given to
insurrections; and our Radical press, though quite as wicked
as the Radical press elsewhere, is too weak in intellect and re-
spectability to have any extensive influence. But even if our
mob was excitable as it is orderly, and our Radical press as ta-
lented as it is stupid and vulgar, we need not fear. Let all who
have property to lose be united, and then no mob will be able
to hurt them.—Yours, &c. DEMOCRITUS.

MR. EWART AND RELIGION PURIFIED AND

DISENTHRALLED.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL ST✓INDARD.

SIR,-Mr. Ewart has lately published an address to the elec-
tors of Liverpool, declaratory of his political principles, if the
word principles can be applied to the conduct of one, who (not
to mention the unparalleled bribery that secured his first elec-
tion for the borough) professed himself, at the commencement
of his career, a disciple of a Canning and a Huskisson, and has
lately been sailing in the wake of Hunt, of radical noto-
riety. Upon the general tenor of this address, it is not my pre-
sent intention to animadvert : I shall confine my notice thereof
to one particular expression, of most convenient ambiguity, and
which Mr. Ewart has not, as yet, given me, individually, an
opportunity of hearing explained. I have waited, also, in vain,
until some one, who takes a more active, though not a more
anxious, interest in the result of the present struggle, shall have
obtained the desired information. The honourable candidate,
however, or some of his zealous partisans, has saved us farther
trouble. The cry of " Ewart and Thornely for ever" would
have been a sufficient answer to my inquiry, had. I not been in-
formed, that many of the gentlemen who exert themselves for
Mr. Ewart, are not contented with the promise of a vote for
him, but are almost as solicitous, if not equally so, that the se-
cond vote should be given to Mr. Thornely; nay, it is whis-
pered, that an influential member of the candidate's own family
has thus acted. This conduct identifies the views and the in-
terests of the two gentlemen ; they are considered by their
friends to possess the same claims to public support. We may,
therefore, be fairly allowed to judge of the sentiments of the
one, who has not spoken out boldly, by what we know to be
those of the other. Mr. Thornely, in his address to the electors,
has manfully thrown down the gauntlet to the members of the
established church, by putting forward prominently and boast-
ingly the circumstance, that he is one of the great body of dis-
senters, &c., &c. He has omitted, however, to add that he be-
longs to that class of dissenters (not the most numerous I
would hope,'nor the most influential,) which assumes the name,
how properly I will not now stop to inquire, of Unitarians.
Here, then, we have the key, I fancy, to Mr. Ewart's inten-
tions as to the purification and disenthralment of religion.. For
he is not satisfied with using the cant terms of the day (for there
is cant in politics as well as in religion,) and of enlisting him-
self under the banners of those whose cry is church reform; he
flies at higher ,o•ame, and will purify and disenthral religion it-
self. Trying Mr. Ewart, therefore, by the rule of "tell me
your company, and I will tell you what you are ;" this must be
his meaning ; he will purity religion from the superstitious
doctrines of—the fall of man—the corruption of human nature
—the necessity of a redeemer—the divinity of Jesus Christ,—
he will disenthral those who will condescend to acknowledge
religion at all, from the slavery of creeds and articles, and from
the tyranny, so degrading to the native dignity and independ-
ance of man, of being the soldiers and servants of a crucified
master. Be it so. But can any consistent churchman support
the pretensions of such a candidate ? and will the great body of
dissenters accept the services of such a champion ?
I have already taken up too much of your space ; I will,
therefore, ask only two other short questions. Was not Mr.
Ewart educated at the orthodox University of Oxford ? and is
he not a brother of the Rev. Peter Ewart, a beneficed clergy-
man of the Church of England ?—Yours, &c. • C.

THE LIVERPOOL LIBERALS,

TO THE ELECTORS OF LIVERPOOL.

BROTIMI ELECTORS.--There is yet time previous to the election
for you to examine the claims of the Radicals to the title of Liberals,
(as they dub themselves,) and, if you find them not worthy of it, there
is yet time to refuse them your support.
A junta has been formed by a few of the most tyrannical and for-
ward of the shopkeepers, and it has arrogated to itself a power whirl.'
it has not the discretion to wield. It has a wish to impress on the
minds of those unconnected with it, that all the £lO householders, and
a portion of the freemen, are at its disposal. This is any thing but
the trnth. There is 'neither power nor liberality amongst its qualifi-
cations ; but abundance of ill-nature, slander, and, under the sem-
blance of friendship,the .meanest duplicity.

This" Liberal Club--a Very small portion of the great community of
this town—;has already boasted, that it will send up two members ;
therefore, as proof of its liberality, it is determined to send up two to
represent the smallest portion of the interests of this place, whilst the
greater interests, and which mainly support the town, are to have no
representative. And why ? Because they are only needed .1/y the shop-
keepers!! Ifereis liberallty—andlere is a lesson for every commer-
cial town in the empire !
Mr. Thotnely is, according to the wisdom of the junta, to be one of
its representatives. Of course, he is held up as a pattern of perfec-
tion, and as asample of liberalism. Now, if he be a man of that de-
seription, ho* is it that his name is ,not to be found in the subscrip-
tion lists of some of the principal charitable institutions of his nature

town ? Particular stress is Lad upon the circumstance of his being $
townsman, but if he withhold his purse from the aid of those noble
institutions, it would be better for his cause riot to blason it ice'
This is another instance-how they miscall themselves, when they
some the name of Liberals.
The Liberal Constituents would compel their members to vote 115
they shall be instructed ; and in no single instance shall those wer:
hers vote without the adviceof their constituents ; so that. in tY:
they will be autonzatms, worked by means of machinery which tile'
cannot control 1 Is there anything like intimidation in this ?
In accordance with those sentiments the Corn Laws must be ab:ci
ished, because, good souls, the Liberal Constituents have' no land,,
property to be injured by such a sapient change. To unlist the rr,.
on the same side, they would hvie them to believe, that bread va
much cheaper but they forget to mention as well, that emploriaes
will be scarcer, and that wages will be lowered, as a necessary

quence.
Slaves must be emancipated at once, without arqindemnilh ationt°,
the planter for that part of his property ; because the junta zeo a 'l'
lose a shilling! Liberality again.
They would sponge out the national del)t—l,ecause they are not fig'
holders.

They would abolish pensions—because they cannot all be pensioner`
They would reduce taxation--as the present ministry has de-he! a3l
like that ministry, remember, if these Liverpool Liberals Pt into
place, they would perform the required service gratis ! ! !
And are they not equally liberal to their political opponents ? -
very liberal--of abuse. Witness the ruffianly manner in which 3. 1-'°
Sandon has been assailed by the liberal rabble during his canvass'
must conform to their opinions. or be branded with the most obno>",
ious names they can invent, and they lack not invention of that sod
and if they cannot convince by such a reasonable course, they will
_„,.te‘
spatter their opponents with mud, jostle, and upset them : it is a
thy cause that requires such filthy supporters. Will foreigner' hes;
lieve, that this occurs in the second commercial town of this gr ~
the
open ? That it is the conduct of enlightened Englishmen ia
t
open light of day ? And, if-those men will not scruple to break re,
laws to attain their aim, how can it be expected that they shall Pu.!
sue a different course when they are made legislators? Freemen ar: rt,
electors be not deceived--admit not such men to guard your rights'
tb
however fit to serve you they might be, so long as they are tOOO
swayed by the tyrannical dicta of that self-elected junta, so long
they unfit to hare a seat in Parliament.
It is worth the while of every friend to freedom to examine the fr,
vate characters of some of the leading liberals of this town ; It will.
of
found, that they are amongst the foremost in reducing the wages
„hi
their men--of tyranizing over them to an extent that only
the enemies of mankind, and is anything but compatible with the li
beral principles they profess to be governed by, and of acting witk tj'e
most bare-faced duplicity.
If, then, it be proved that the Radicals are any thing but liberal:
that they only would reduce pensions because they cannot be skaret,
--that they would sponge off the debt, because they would lose a'.'3l
thing by such a procedure--that they would destroy the COla°
trade, (which has done so much for Liverpool,) because they are !'d
engaged in it, purposely to enrich themseives, and that the meaaa.::,
they propose to benefit the country are fraught with danger and y 6
--that their chief plans are to aggrandize themselves, and that all
is proof of being liberal. God grant that there may yet be food
sufficiency of my countiymen to form a counter-acting majority'
be willing to subscribe themselves, like me, AI,
December 1, 1832.

l
FROM A CORRESPONDENT.—A very important suiae-tf the
no doubt be discussed immediately on the convocation %the
new Parliament. We allude to the projected alteration ts, it
timber duties. Setting aside party motives and it:placate-nears
is, unquestionably, of much greater importance than it 10i fa'
on the surface to possess. The argument which is urged
nnun'
your of it is, " that the country pays one million Per alit}`more than should be paid for this article, and that the (I'l%oo
inferior to that imported from the Baltic." The atl4q7,-aiii
against the change are, that the proposed alteration tvii,',.anch
the shipping interest, and impair that most important --oeff
of trade—ship-building. It will destroy a most valuable nu coy
for seamen, injure the manufacturers, and put an end t°
gration to our North American colonies. th'
con
Before we proceed further, we will briefly survey the Amttet
tion of the shipowner. The war of 1793 gave an unprece"-„eci'
impulse to ship building ; the Government required, tilripte
edly, a large number of transports; and the West 'llicbg,hie
rest, from the delay of the convoy system, found their own rs of
inadequate to carry on their trade thither. The shipowneoceir
Newcastle, Shields, and Sunderland, (who had hitherto „art
pied their vessels in the coal and a portion of the Baltic o',er-
trade,) now commenced building ships for the transpor!'ur
vice; and the Cumberland shipowners, who had confined oAt-
selves chiefly to the Irish and coasting trade, turned thei'tbaa
tention to other trades, which our commercial monopoll:oter
offered to their view. High freights and an almost un'cota-
rupted demand continued until the year 1810, when the. „log
mercial calamities of that year materially affected the
interest ; it however rallied, and continued a profitable traticoit,
til the year 1815. The real difficulties of shipowners then or-
menced; they found themselves in the trade of commoon
riers, subject to all the liabilities (and they are truly htl,4catsi
both classes of persons, with ships, in most instatwes, eo
class; rejected by the West India interest, either as 112,
further need, or by the underwriters, as unfit for "i or, iu
dTehsep transportir,the own vesselse se dischargedver
otuyselrye eithertn wb rtoroatesn":Wbheitrt
for the most part, sank them into deeper distress.' i,d,.-thtlit,
proof need be adduced of the then depression, than L'^ilst all
about 1816, timber freights had sunk to 345. per load, what Or,
the equipment, the wages, and the cabin expenses, were,ecte°
rates ; and we may here remark, that it was not to. be e"-‘ottoie
that the habits and expenses of the officers could insti` of tb'
ously be changed to meet the unparalleled depressiollica
ott
time. This crisis ruined every shipowner who dePeebvi
freight as a carrier, and whose ;hips were encumbered by Jo.
(The new register act, legalizing the mortgage
then passed.) Those who had realized -something strnto,
with difficulties almost insuperable, and were contlise_ne, V!,
work their ships without remuneration, and, in most ca e'rie •_
to submit to a loss in depreciation, owing to the peaceronjett:
then threatened (1819) alteration in the currency of fro ,
60 per cent. Since this period economy in management;f
of ships, 09...„ied
ther with a reduction in the prices of the articles neces%.,:tae:
the outfit of vessels, have enabled many to continue in the
but we may safely aver that, even now, there is no caP:totr
unprofitably invested as that of the common carryite
owner
We.
shall now proceed to show, that the proposed din uldE
ruin the shipowners :—Because the second class ships "",°r,aet)
immediately thrown out of employment, there being node. so:1
employ this tonnage fully, except colonial timber tracoa:r
that ship-building would.. be most vitally injured tivte 0,5
doubt, wnen it is considered, that a great impulse is iwn ?ea',
"
yen thereto by the consideration that a British ship, t.e._iae,
old, is always worth, and will sell for, the full market
a timber ship. tc:
To show the importance of this observation, we need t7tiof,
mask, that, in the year 1829, 1611 vessels, comprising and ill
of 431,901 were employed in the colonial timber tranet!,t it
freight payable on timber imported one million. lii;enit_4)q"
destroy a valuable nursery for seamen we need °DIY, ther(?-04
that, in the same year, 20,098 sailors were employed Lit
The value of the exports were 2,206,913. This state red iv l',
the importance of the timber trade to the country; a o
sert that any change in the duties at present will pre'bo li u,eocot
ruinous consequences to those whose property is "4 tbilt
it, and it was so embarked under the strong persuasion_dor e
shipping and colonial interests would never be iniureat largur
serted. But if this trade is ofimportance to the cuiPt,irebe to ,syl
it is especially so to Liverpool. The best proof wit_oile
vey our dock quays during the timber import; then it,e,,
may be formed of the employment it affords—the trn;.tratey
casions. This is not all. We may safely refer to all o
men connected with repairs and fitting out of vessels, re
will reply affirmatively to the vast importance Of
American trade to the port ofLiyerpool, if the Pr°3—ce''ss'Yei'
• ration takes place. The greatest portion of it must n.ea
, leave it; and Leith, Newcastle, and Goole s';' colbe
what we now enjoy. There. is yet another truly But„taile,/ati
deration, which ouglty ht to determine us to avoid, if P°7„,ape ant
destruction of it. Ma of the finest of our sous are c
(from circumstances not necessary to enumerate) tbe
their native land, their homes, and their altars. _
of their fathers, and seek an a.sylrun foreigl'coect'i)p.,
What country is there which holds out the same r 0 fie
• peace as one inhabited by the same race,. governed Da,/fa;
laws, and where worshippers kneel at the same a1ta,7;011.,,a,
this trade, and you cut off the hopes of this class °L.nt to •L'f or
well known, that the means of support to an entigraa,.o 0 iy
America, for two or three years, arises from the eb
tanning employment as a wood-cutter, and by this heifer
procures the means cif building a house ancl,purcint,abese 40;
of land, which gives him. a comfortable .domicile. ty roil!
siderations will, we hope,,put an end to all doubt as
priety of endeavouring to keep this trade; and the fir'scislio
be to-instruct our representatives to accomplish
ani
their votes in Parlialnent.
