to me. Not one iota of truth
statements made respecting his Britannic Majesty's ships under.my
.commat:d having fired artillery in the first instance, and musketry
some hours subsequent. No artillery had been tired on the occasion
alluded ; but a blank gun to enforce, the signal for a pilot, and the
fire of musketry was that which, at stated periods, namely, sunset,
sunrise, and at eight at night, had been tired—a pr..ctice which will be
continued, according to the custinn of his BriLianic Majesty's service,
during the stay of the British men of war in the Douro.
In conclusion, I have:only- to assure you, that i shall studiouSly en-
deavour to comply with your Excellency's wishes so long as they. do
not impede the promotion of those duties which his Britannic Mayes,.
ty's Government have called upon me to llischarge in this river ; and
I therefore repeat, that all means of communication with his Britannic
Maje Sty's ships and vessels of war without the bar imist be left open
to my Uireetion. I may require -the Bela, or 'one or two boats, to
pass and repass the bar of the DoOro on the same day.
I have frequently assure dyour Excellency of iny determination to
preserve a strict and honourable neutrality ; and froth your Exi:ellen-
cy's continued correspondence,With me, I feel satisfied that your Ex-
cellency will still repose in me that confidence which your Excellency
has more than once been pleased to expresi. A drawing_agreeable to
that desired by the officer commanding the battery at .Sampayo has
been left at that fort.

I have the honour, &c.
(Signed) W. N. GLASCOCK,
Commander senior officer of 11. B. M.
ships in the Detiro.
To his Excellency Viscount de Santa Martha,
&c., &c., &c.

His Maj. sty'sishiP Orestes, in the Douro, Dec. 19, 1832.
Excellent you May naturally: suppose, from the position
which his Britannic Majesty's squadron has been placed in on the
morning of the 17th, his Majesty ships were exposed to a. fire of no'
inconsiderable degree.
From the careless manner in which the troops of your Excellency
had directed
_their musketry, considerable damage has been done to
his Britannic Majesty's ships ; and I regret to state, that from the in-
cautious fire of your Excellency's troops, a seaman of his Majesty's
ship Orestes has received, as it is fearen, a mortal wound.
The dathage done to the rigging and equipage thiought the squadron
will be reported to his Britannic Majesty's governinent.
1, cannot pay so pOor a compliment to your Excellency, as Com-
mander-in-Chief of the army of oix as to anticipate so poor a
plea in excuse as that of uncontrollable troops, because such a plea
would at once amount to a lihel upon your own authority. Nor do I
altogether complain of the conduct of your soldiers during the heat of
action ; but I must coirplain of that unmeaning and unmtlitary prac-
tice of keeping up a tire hir hours attor the retreating part had crossed
the river. This lire, of Which I coniolain, Was opened in the direction
of his Britannic Majesty's ships by your Excellency's troops, long
after any necessity had pr, tented themselves, and ,vere seen scattered
behind trees and rocks, apparently taking deliberate aim at the Echo
steamer. Fortunately the commander of that vessel did not conimu-
nicate to me the eircums:aine at the time, or a broadside froM the
Whole of the British spoldron would have the
and had but the British but once commenced hostilities ni the Douro,
the example Would have soon been followed by the line-of-rattle ships
at Lisbon. 1 caution your Excellency in time, and must dgain.reiit,
rate what 1 have already voted in a Lumpier communication. Britisl
forl)earance has bees, teased to its utmost limit,
In conclusion I have' only to regnA that theconduct of your Exec

ency's troops of, the inurning, and MOTO pa.rticularly on I.IIV au-r-
-ation of the 17th, shoul, now compel ine to'adopt a tone so contrary
to that which 1 have hitherto observed in ail coinniunfrations with you.
—I have 1.14 honour, &e. GLASCOOIi,
Commanding Senior Officer of his Britainde Malesty'S'ships
in the Douro.
To his Excellency Viscount Santa. Martha.

To Captain WaseOck, commanding his Britannic Majesty's naval
forces in the Douro.
Agoas Santos, Dee. 20, 1832.
It was with surprise that, I iveeived your letter dated yestentav, and
expressing thus my regret, see myself obliged to declare; thaa find
it even extraordinary, the manner by which mention is made of a
sailor of the Orestes corvette being severely wounded in consequence
of the want of. care in the firing by the troopS under my command,
when they were in the heat of an engagement with the enemy, whom
they charged and dislodge,i from their position, pUSuing them to their
boats, and firing upon then during their passage to the right bank.
Regretting, however, this unfortunate circumstance of the sailor, as
well as the damage which 3,oti" state your vessels sustained, 1 cannot
omit observing, what aie the unavoidable consequences on such occa-
sions, to which the British government has subjected your squadron,
when at afichOr in the DOiIVO, as your instructions will be always im-
practicable, Which you have &aimed to me as having received, to
keep out of the line Of fire of the Contending parties, at least if your
squadron may not have been destined to become an. apple of discord,
as was observed.by the General my predecessor ; it having before in-
fringed the state of siege of the Douro, violated in the fitee of all
Enropethe rights of au independent nation, the laws of war and of
nations, and particular (Mies, publicly and privately contracted with
Portugal.
• My surprise has also heen much excited by your telling me that you
do not so much complain of the conduct of the soldiers under my COM -
mand during the heat of the conflict, as of the vague :Lila unrnibtary
practice in continuing the fire for hours aftet the enemy in- retreat
bad crossed the river. I, in truth; do net knoW of ally Military Prin-
ciple which is opposed to the keeping up a fire against an eneiny be-
cause he has been forced to retreat from one side of the river to try to
cross to the other, to take up another position within
.the rea(lt of
musketry ; and I am not convinced that your, mere opinion,ouglit
to embarrass my troops, when they are Acynig them ollicers
attacking the enemy wherever he can be attacked.
If this has taken place in the direction of your vessels,. it was be-
cause the rebels made their sortie froM that position, as also subse-
quent operations.
I abstain from analyzing the assertion which you make, that the
troops under my commaal appeared without necessity to ftirla in ex-
tended line, and that seekin; shelter they
.apparcnify levelled their
Musketa against the Echo Ste:Mier. Appearances often deceive, a.
has happened in this case, and only a few days ego the artillery-mil'
iii,thel.iattery of Sampayo permitted an EngliSh steam boat (herb of
the Isles,) with reinforcements of men on b, ard. to enter the Douro.
supposing it from appearanceS to .be the Echo ; but it is the duty of
the commanding officers alone to determine Whether their men me.ht
to form in close or extended lines; which of eimrse &Vend upon the
natiire quality of the ground dud mode of attack.
you deem it fortunate that you did not know on that occasion of
musketry being apparently levelled at the Echo, because you would-
then have ordered a broadside from the corvette and brig Which' cods-
hosed the squadron of the .Douro, I have not eonsidercd it lesi.fortu-
nate having spared you that ptecipitate step, which the batteries
Under my ow-Ili-nand ivoUld certainly have resented in-order to atfOrq,
proof that I, obedient to my government, did not wish to give
,otlenee to the vessels of his Britannic..ll,lajesty,. told that the govern;
meat did not sacrifice to your delusion the existing relations with the
..
British govcramout, nor he `welfare fOrtmas-of Eitlishwert in

necessary comforts out ef the-prodiuT:e of his own savings, from
the sale of fruit, pigs, veoetables, poultry, eggs, fish, and such
other small matters which he is enabled to make off his master's
estate, and which rarely exceed eight shillings a week on the
average ; which, your petitioner humbly submits, is but a mise-
rable pittance for a than who is compelled to work without
wages in a tropical climate, and where coals are scarce, and has
nothing besides from his waster but clothing, food, lodging, and
Medicine.
That your petitioner, when himself, or wife, or children are
indisposed, is nut allowed to choose his own doctor, but is
obliged to put up wild the doctor attached to the estate on
which he works, &c., who, under the pretence that he is paid
by the owner, furnishes your petitioner with such me'dicin'es as
he alone tliniks proper, without consuiting your petitioner, and
seldom visits the sick house or infirmary on the estate more
than three or four times a week, except upon extraordinary
occasions.
That your petitioner has reason to believe that he has some-
times I..en attended by
.practitioners who have not been regu-
larly graduated at the (J niv eis4 in Europe, and that' therey
his confluence in his niedicEtt attendant has been considerably
weakened and his ultimate iecoVery retarded.
That your petitioner's children, at the early age of six or
.seven years are employed to pick cotton and coffee from the
bush, in crop season, for which they receive no wages, but
merely food, clothing, and lodging, and this for five or six
hours in the day, in that burning, climate.
That your petitioner further complains, as a matter of griev-
ance, that the present overseer on the estate has improperly
'interfered with, and attempted to discourage, and put down the
practice of going to ehurcn on the Lord's day, with superfine
blue coats, silk handkerchiefs, English hats, shoes, &c., on the
part of the working, agricultural male negroes, or slaves; and
the wearing of shawls, 'fine ginghains, &c., on the part
of the female negroes, and to check their having little
Sunday dinner and evening parties at home, as an idle and
unnecessary 'expense, and profanation of the Sabbath, though
lie well knows that the expense of these innocent amusements
is paid out of their own little peculium and savings, and
nothing charged to the estate but the rum, fruit, sugar, &c. con-
sumed on the occasion.
That your petitioner has been frequently
inquiries on the part of
the manager and overseer of the estate, with respect to the
Money that he has deposited in the savings bank of the said
colony, as a proyisioii for the education in burope of his eldest
daughter " Larii:a" called after his great grandmother of bles-
sed memory, and his eldest son " hishoboo" by his first wife
Quasinba, they falr,,y insinuating that your petitioner being
in a slate of staver, and receiving no wages, could not honestly
nave acquired such a sum ; whereas your petitioner boldly and
justly atiiiing'tte -contrary of the same to be true, and that lie
tuts honestly acquired thiS by the produce of his poultry-yard,
add. piggery, and'Ottier little means which his over-hours and
the estate affoid hitn;' and as another instance of the improper
interference on the part'of the overseer with these working and
agricultural classes of the colony, on this head of complaint,
your petitioner ha's to state to your honourable' house that
when he put down £2 at a meeting, to contribute to the relief of
their suffering white brethren in Europe, of the same class, it
was returned to him, and the subscription discouraged by the
overseer.
That your petitioner has further to complain of the grievous
expences of law in the said colony, inasmuch as your petitioner
having investigated a small portion of his savings in the pur-
chase of a little property contiguous to his master's, on which
he has placed.a few slaves for its cultivation, and wishing to
settle the same iu tail male on his said son Kishaboo, with re-
mainder in tail to his daughter Lariba, with remainder over to
his issue. by his other wives in tail male and female with cross
'remainder, he found the expense too great for hisilimited means,
and was obliged to abandon it, he therefore hopes your honour
able house will consider this.
Your petitioner has further reason to complain, that by a late
order in council, it is declared that with respect to the wife or
reputed wife of any negro slave, which your petitioner respect-
fully repeats in his class and order in society, no sale or trans-
fer of property to which such persons are attached as adscripi
G/ebae shall effect a separation of the said negro from his wife,
or reputed wife, or children, but thatthey must pass together.
Your petitioner submits this to your -honourable house as a
Matter of serious grievance and intervention with his domestic
and internal arrangements, as may not possibly be consulted on
the occasion as to which of the reputed wives he may wish to
take With him, and the order in council has left it so vague in
this respect, that he fears he shall be subjected to serious difii-
ciiitY and expense in taking legal advice on the occasion.
Your petitiouer justly states, as a further matter of grievance,
that there ale no poor laWs in the said colony, and that instead
of having, in case he should fall into poverty; the comfortable
prospect as in England, of a retirement in hiS old age in the
work-house; -when past labour he will be obliged to remain oh'
his master's estate, in the same cottage, and on the same al-
lowance, and. obliged to attend to his poultry yard hiniself, with
no Oue to wait upon him and provide for his wants but an old
negresS, Of one of his children, or perhaps one of his reputed
vviAvells,Niochciar
ulr• 'oppressed
considerationC aw toobi
fnW3h,yol
Issionniaatltleyr.s of grievance and complaint; on the part of
das .t andtoi
nt h°yePol?
your petitioner
eu
sahenuidt tthlhyee
snuhuboa;m)
ebirtett
ch
he
ur
and that laying aside "the considera-
ri6oetitur ant;
ou
will thAise spine rein'etly,
tion questions, Stich as iyarliamefitiry reform; the
state OT the' agricultural labours in Great Britain and Ireland,
the subject_ of the poor and, game laws and the like; and which
your petitioner and his class are assured by their fi.iends and
corresponuents,iu Europe, are as nothing compared with this
case, you is tidvote yoUt ulbst early asks iiiavid'ed attention

most active preparations were further making to resist the
encroachments of Francia, and a proclamation had been
addressed to the people-of Buenos Ayres, describing the violent
acts committed by him, and calling on them to assist in putting
such tyranny down. The governor of the province of Buenos
Ayres had applied to the House of Representatives for agiant
of extraordinary powers, and much debate had taken place
on the note containing this communication. Mi. Fox, thi
British envoy, was on the point of quitting Buenos Ayres.-
The intelligence from Monte Video by the same channel
Was up to 'the 27th of October, at which time the President
Ribeira wa, daily expected there. He had written a,despatt h
frtira head-quarters, dated. October 10, stating that Captain
Ramon Busbimente; and nine 'Other officers, having been taken
with arms in their hands, had been shot. The insurrection of
General Lavalleja (the hero of Saraudi) had been completely
put down ; his partisans were dispersed; and himself an exile. •

We said the Cabinet was engaged upon the slave question,
and that the question of immediate emancipation was actually
under discussion. That we were not altogether wrong may be
fairly inferred from the fact that the great" Anti-Slaveri
Meeting, advertised to take plaCe in Exeter Ilan on ThOrsday,
has been postponed in consequence of a communication from
the government.—John Bull.
A RAINY DAY IN GElowitNisv,—An English rainy day is
bad enough ; but the German rain is like every thing ete Ger-
man ;it bores through its business incomparably. It comet,
down with a quiet, grim resolution, a plodding pertinacity, a
vis inerti,e of wet, that would irrigate the dese,ts of Arabia.
The visible horizon is contracted to the round of the umbrella;
the sky is Merely a )gTave, gloomy roof, a little higher than the
chiinneys; day is visible only by the help of candle-light ; the
[ air is nearly as thick as the earth, and both air and earth
are but diversities of quagmire.—Journal of the befelice of
Hamburgh.

SIMPLIFIED APPLICATION OF STEARL—At the meeting of the
Paris Academy of Arts and Seierices, held on the ith instant, a
memoir was read, in which M. Pelletan tieated of the "Dy-
namic effects of a jet of steam, and the means of applying it, in
a simple and cheap way, to the purposes of the useful arts."
" A jet of steam," says the author, "when thrown into a cylin-
drical conduit, or into a pipe filled with air, imparts the active
power, with which it is endued,to the column of air, without any
other loss than that occasioned bY.the friction in the comlUit or
pipe." He then gives the general forinulte applicable to evely
case in this phenomenon, stud adds, that its correctness hat].
been established by a vast number of trials ona large scale, and
that he was ready to repeat hi's e;periMents bcfoie a committee
of the members, with 'an 'apparatus of his Construction. • his
detail 'Olthe results, Which hate already ensbed from his disco-
, very, are deserving of attentive'notiale. "Ajet of steatri kW-
- /103,937
ing through an orifice of a millimetre k 0000 of an inch,) un-
der a pressure of five atmospheres, possessing a velocity offive
hUndred and fifty-nine metres (10'ali feet) per second; it con-
sequently, moves at the smile rate of veloc,+y as a bullet dti-
charged from a gun. But this enormous .vc.,..ec.ty is, -in its sim-
ple form, of no practical benefit, inasmuch as it cannot be Con-
verted into a useful agent; when, howeVer, 'the steam has been
enabled to impart motion to a quantity of atmosphere,: the ve-
locity, it istruevis diminished, but the mass set in motion is in-
creased; and, by thiS -operation, the active-power of the jet-of
steam is susceptible of extensive application. - The -elastic force'
of steam has hitherto been employed uthie: pressure, by the aid
of machines, which are necessariiy comp.ieated and costly, and
involve a serious loss of power froM their bulkiness and fric-
tion; but Steam, acting immediately, by its own power, can be
made to effect its objects in machines of so simple a constiitc-
tion, that a steam-engine of one roan's power may henceforth
be worked by a common fire. Pelletau remarks, that the force
of steam, so applied, may be brought directly in aid of the me-
chanic, and will enable him to double and treble his daily gains,
instead of its powers being limited; as hitherto, to filling the
coffers of great capitalists at a compound ratio. The same jet
of steam, when applied to the purpose of increasing the draft of
furnaces, enables the proprietor to reduce their diameter to two
inches, Oven where a large furnace is in question, to lead the
smoke in any direction which may suit him best, and to make
u-se of the whcile heat produced. By means of this jet also a
vacuum may be effected at will, in any given space, however
considerable it may be, and permanently maintained, not only
at very small cost, but.through the medium Of an apparatus of
the simplest construction. This process is Of really application
wherever evaporation or deiiccation are to be effected. Acting
upon a column of air, the jet supplies the Simplest and most cf-
ficaCiOuk mode, whichl can be adopted, for creating bla,sts in
forgesifurnaces, &c. It appears that the inventor claims pi i-
Ority in this important discovery, inasmuch as he communi-
cated the properties of the jet in a paper addressed to the Aca-
demy in the year 1829; and he is tenacious of the claim, in
consequence of the .later application of the. jet in impelling
steam-carriages in England. The second part of Pelletan's
paper, relates to steam-boats; in this he mentions,-that a boat,
built at CherbOurg; had been already propelled at the rate of
three knots and a half per hour, by means of 'au engine:of one-
' tenth only of the dimensions fan engine iu another vessel,
Which goes at the rate of seven knots and a half; and that ad-
ditions are making so as to
give the new engine increased
power. Pelletan's machinery involves no fly=wheels, nor any
external enginery : it is a re-acting machine, placed below the
• water-line, and beyond the reach. of Missiles :• it takes up but
little room, and does not exceed one-tenth part of the tonnage
which a vessel can carry. If the invention be indeed crowned
with the. success which the inventor confidently anticipates, it
will Preduce a comp
lete revolution iu the science of stcauf
•

4t t
N'e,
all
Pie
of .
the
eta
°pc ,
%vim •
Wii
Ye
tryl,
that .
N
mid
tie., .
•
TI-IE LIVERPOOL STANDARD. 163
. . .... .. .. .. . .. .. .
e W
will take an opportunity, in a few days, of pre- . part as may be thought riht; .the utility of Syria, Arabia,.
and '-this country.. The attack by the line of battle ships which you say
,i,,ould immediately take place in the Tagus would certainly be a stain to the relief of your ,petitioner and this Class from the suffer-
world,
-f!'itirig• our 'readers with an analytical view of so -much P.lgypt to Turkey may be uei:Tioned, tliere is rilorie, of g,e.o.:ra.-
pon the Itritlgh t3overnment in the face of Europe and the civilised mice of-such evils as have been hereby faithfully and truly ex-
qfthaftariff and its results as 'will -apply to a ;few of the pineal magnificence in their ossession than real irolit to'tlie awl it that attack 'had for its object to Offend any of the rights posed.
ieadin . f , f., , , - of the Portuguese-nation, I' can assure you it would prmluce tab effeet,
gbranches d our trianu actures, most onerously session of the' urks froui Asia Ajmer and 1 arkcy in Europeoyith because a.people ready to sacrifice their lives in defence of their And your petitioner as in duty bound will ever pray.
QUACO.
'fleeted hyits imposition and continuance.—Guardian Constantinople in the centre of these two countries, and which rights and of theirßOvereign, do not hesitate to destroy by their own
44 Plibile Ledger. is the real focus of the power of the Turks, be consented to. hands, if necesS-ary, the.property and fortunes which they possess.
MEXICO'. •
Ibrahim may be formidable to the Turks, but he cannot be so in
nTtlir porturpe.ll:yeagiynenextry,subh eX3l..ilteis,haand eveii recently,
being then A letter from New Orleans, of the 10th ult. states that a
to the suppoo,- sof the Sultan ; he cannot have forgotten the theirearl;,r nPeninsular ul r i d prid ce, tti
witnessed the patriotism by which thes inhabitants, from vessel had just arrived from rassos, St. .Tago,,and brought a
WEST INDIA SLAVERY, lesson of Navarino. A. simple intimation from the three Powers the Coa to the Tagus, sacrificed to the salvation of their counat rein-ifiliat*Gederal Santa Anna entered the city of Mexico on
1.1.. The West India interest Were thrown into considerable will be sufficient to .uduce him to march back into Egypt.. His their dearest interests—abandoning and destroying all , the 24th of Nbveinber. Tliewriter says the intelligence comes
~lirn. i yesterday by a report that it was the intention of army is by no m ...iis numerous, and could pot.; make a stand• as in like Manner a great number of the officers under my command
at present assist in the destruction of their own property m Oporto in an authentic shape.
the
to introduce a bill into the new parliament 'for
money—the
—rhe.lcu‘.si....ia.n army. , Egypt is exhausted of both men and
ofone tby the boinbardnient Of tliat City. LATEST FitOit COLOMBIA.—By the packet-brig Montilla,
144 immediate .emancipation of the slaves in the West y'
Nll Nile ItthretirieeSitisrtaol the
das,.tcou4thryttistea confined to the valley By this oinotunity, itnirwith reference 'toy our letter of the 10th
P cha has exacted ' instant, le .:liLtthtt,i,ll,:,)a7ierotnosii:ilt.f,rbartry'r, that when my goVenenerit Captain Beckman, -Which arrived from Car et
on Thurs-
lir ?e . It was stated that the-purport of tee bill.wasto li- day night, we have received papers and letters with Caruiegena
it .the ex s_., existence of slavery -in ' the colonies to three years, from the.: country is beyoUdY. its strength, and 'eannotbe re-
newed. Ten European. ships before Alexandria would put au n , made an exception to the
law of -siege, thansenting that you might communicate with 'the dates .to the ara instant, and Bogota to the lgth nit. E-Ver'Y
mild that it was not the intention of 'the government to end to the drama. Ile condagratiOnwhich so many , pertur- packets and- vessels of war off the bar, it did not fix the number of thing wears a fasbUrable aspect.
times that the Echo steamer Or the boas with the signals agreed upon THE ECUADOR.—We are happy to learn, from official letters
""any compensation to the planters or proprietors. batons and, evil-disposed persons rely, on in support of their shoe id- or repass it, leaving this dependent upon the necessity in the Gazette of New Granada of Nov: 11, that the government
tip of these alarming Tumours, a deputa- ambition will be extinguished. by a single whisper from Euro e. you had to employ them, confident that you would•not abuse that
Let them, however, hasten their measures •
•events are movingi privilege for any. other purpose than the communication with the of the Ecuador entertains desires of the most pacific character,
11_7 of gentlemen connected with the West Indies waited onward; 'lbrahini -oes not regulate his'mar' .by the paces of squadron, Imposing only the condition that you would not employ In reply to'a communication from General Obando, Vaalivieso,
4.1-1 Lord Grey, and had an audience of the noble earl diplomacy. ;He was supposedto be shut up Pehind the raurus, both means simultaneoiLsly ;it appears to me, -therefore, that this Minister of State of the Ecuador, says that "the Government,
be ...de Tteasury -3; esterday'afternoon. They requested to but on a sudden he was found sending forth thunder. The time subject does not offer the least motive for discussion.
~, ,_ instant, animated th the same Sentiments of 'peace, and coinciding
I am also informed of your answer tomy letter of the lAD, in the measures prepared by New Granada, had already sent
informed whether it was true that it was the intention piece of diplomacy is apt to on too slow, anti it, has frequently
()f theits object was to remove any mistake Which might have arisen, and
surprised in deliberatin,g en, dr. niorrtviw upon
iwhat ought to prove on all occasions the sincere wishes which I profess, of never
been ''
General Pella.rezle negotiate an armistice,.so that 'wraiths-,
Th government to emancipate the slave population i sioners appointed to' go to- BogOta may arrange for the close of
sni_'et a:!swer, we understand,' was in the affirmative, and to have been accomplished the day before. Its lumen must now giving cause of offence to the British squadron under-your command, L
be both swift and steady !—Nuavelliate. when those wishes are in accordance with ray duty and instructions. the contest . .
tii,, 't bill for that purpose would,' on a early day, be sub- . .. . . In conclusion, lam to inform you that lam not prepared to-reply The President has received numerous expressions of pleasure
~,,,,,`tM to the consideration of the new parliament. It to that part of your letter wltieli relates personally 'to mySelf. , and fabrication from all parts of New Granada.
IMPORTANT CORRESPONDENCE BETWEEN CAPT. I 'have the honour to b, ' &c. The Government Gazette informs us that General Santander
h7..alscl intimated that three years would be the period GLASCOCK AND VISCCMNT SANTA MAitTLIA. (Signed) Vilcoufit de SANTA MARTHA.
fixes fo•
the r the extinction of slavery, that emancipation of . _ . _.. . . .. ...
tae, as the colleges of San Bartolome, Rosario, and Mercedes, •
.
„.11. egroes would be unconditional, and that no compen- We insert the following correspondence, between the officer HORRORS OF. WEST INDIA SLAVERY. Senor Triana's House of Education, and the Normal Laura:l.-
-Qua
mi , except under special circumstances, would . be'thDouro and
commanding the British vessels of War in 'the river- terian School. 44
We know," says the editor, {f
that he will
owed. the Commander-in-Chief of Don Miguel's army beseiging (Front the -Berbice Adveitiser.) powerfully contribute to the progress of the moral, physical,
S' . .
Sir Alexander Grant, who headed the deputation, in- Oporto, as it is not unlikely that some. ulterior proceedings may ____ and intellectual education of our valued Grenadian. youth. We
of of arise out of it. The following petition was addressed to the Commons' House know that he has brought from Europe and America much -m-
-olt, the noble premier whether it was the intention His Britannic Majesty's shinOrestes,,in the Douro, of Parliainent, by a slave in Demerara : lating to public instruction and useful institutions." • •
pee
to announce these important measures in the DeeeMber El, 1t‹.12. The prospect of an arrangement of all difficulties continued
To the ponourahle the Rouse of Commons in England.
te ch from the throne at the opening of the -Sessidn. Excellent Sir have the. honour to acknoWledg,e the receipt of to he very favourable. An amnesty had been agreed to by the
humble petition of the undersigned,
0 Lord. Grey replied that the measures had been formally your communication of the gtti instant, tind to return my acknowledg- armies in the South. The party of Oses, in the valley of the
Quaco, a negro slave
u for the prompt manner in which, through your Excellency's me- Salado, had been destroyed by Colonel Cordova, military chief
f:elded upon, but that he could not, without departing diem, a contract for fresh beef hits been effected for the use of hisEri- SHEWETH,—That your petitioner is descended from African
1:1t, the rules of courtesy, give any intimation of the tannic Majesty's squadron. . of the province of Popayan which now enjoys perfect tran-
parents, but was horn in the colony of Demerara, on the coast .... , . . ...
yn quality. Oses- fled across the nver alias Juntas with ten men,
The name of the
his
is Thomas Bert° 110drigues, who, has of South America, and is now the
in
or bondsman of
tire Of the sentiments which his Majesty would cum- promised to supply Britannic Mi;jesty's Ships With beef four thys.
ruiuric_ . .
in theweek. • Heer van Sprachenburgh, a planter in the said colony, where and was pursued.
.1.,.
on
in his address to both houses of parliament. he is employed' by him in the cultivation of-sugar on his planta- A provisional treaty of amity, navigation, and commerce, be,
hi:P nit being represented to the noble earl the proba - mot
rtaatitinheri3-,i,iftrdirditd:
nto.ee,n,e,t.eat),s(iirur Excellency
saleonta me
himself tion, called Work and hegt, situate on the east coast of the said tween New Granada and France, was signed at Bogota on the
CU 14th of Noveniber, by the President and M. -Le Moine,- which
ta_ sequences which might ensue in the colimies in John, Piptt., Chef d'Etat M:i Jor. • 6 colony.
10.7 e, those measures were prematurely announced, his c,Tu :,.•vent any ft:dun, 111 iStllke,, I MIISt bog leave to apprise your Ex- That your petitioner is obliged to work on the said plantation, recognises the existence of that republic.
Tlk ordinary Congress has been convoked' to the first of
llen,-v, that as his 8rit.,,,,;,ie .11,,iestv's Government bare decided except Saturday and Sunday, from the hours of sunrise to sun-
-1,1"1811ip intimated tliat the government were p•repared toMarch.
that the British vessels of -,.,ar in the Douro are to continue in the river set that is to say from the- hours of six to six, with the inter-ti„eet the exigencies, arid that an. imposing force, •.consis- for the protection of British 'persims and property, i!, becomes a mat- mission of only two 'hours each day, for Meals and repose, ex- Private letters and papers were received yesterday from
rg of 15,000 men, would forthwith be sent to the Wes' t reF of necessity.that.the vessels io question be, from time to time, sup-
cept when set n.iece-work by agreement with the overseer or Tampico and Matamoros, referring to a general battle between
Mies. plied with provisions from his Brita:ioic Majesty's ships, or those ports
manager, when, even then, your petitioner is seldom able to the two armies near Mexico; but, on comparing the dates, we
without the bar. '
ll• • • Ti caret this. object, it may be sometimes necessary, particularly leave work for theday before three o'clock. ' find they are not so late from the head-quarters, in the interior,
t 0,.., is is said to be the purport of the convera ion Which with so uncertain a bar, to use every means in my power to promote That your
spetitioner receives no wages for this labour, but as those we had several days since.
co`p! place, after which the deputation withdrew, and the utmost dispatch in the transport of these supplies. I therefore merely perintssion to reside with his family in a separate cot- We must therefore await the next packet, which may be
ganunicate e,,,45. d the result to their friends in the city. Tile ifolirutistruipriei.s,stuptt(litettnl of your
tExcellency,r; (thr •(,_thesiii an f
fhi eiasmli; tage or tenement, consisting at most of three rooms, without looked for in a few days, for further information.—Ncic lofk
ee jernation was general; astonishment was only ex- ;taxes,
Viaj;.sty's Iservi)c(r-., must hear,-I'.°l,M object, u Alny in, of- rent or and is obliged to cultivate, with his own hands or Daily Adi,ertiser. .
Tuft by indignation, and the,more so beCause the reso- ' feted on your Excellency's pot, or on the part of any of your Excel- his family's" a small flower-garden in front, with a cartilage
tons c Tier.- Ulcers will o•il,- tend to disturo time reciprocal relations and place behind for the rearing of pigs, poultry, and vege- 111.1 END S • AYRES.
oi the government were quite unexpected. In 'eh.- a' . ...• • J his .. : . , d
w ich now exist betweeo Britainne Majesty g overnment and tables for Sale . Accounts from Buenos Ayres to the 3d of NoVember have
'equence of these concessions to a certain party the the Government of Port.,.;al • and I am sure your Excellency will
I hat your petitioner is only further allowed, for the mainte- been received, which are important through the prospects they
14411 d meeting of the Anti-Slavery Society in .Eceter Free with me in opium I,,tixit at the present. crisis any- unguarded
MI - nonce of himself and family, a weekly quantity of provisions, afford of- an -opening ere long of the -rich-provinces of _Para
-
that has been postponed. We 'beg it to be understouoi 'tick's would by no means tviiii to 'ameliorate the condition of the Go- consisting chiefly of piantains, salt fish, Indian corn, yams, guay to the enterprise of the commercial adventurer. It ap-
n,_We make Iliese statements upon the faith of the ru- vernment of Portagal. rice, &c„ in proportion to the number of the members 'thereof, pears that Dr. Francia, the Dictator, had manifested the in-
tor7irs which were generally circulated in the City yes- .
ditiiisarlefoT
atroatianieasyti=aorernieeizL, sedly, that with clothing, blankets, &e. yearly; but is never allowed wine, tendon of adding to his territory a portion of the Missions
I.n.sduittnii(?sts9iimadity.i laini the when in the sick-house, but merely rum off the estate, which lay contiguous to Corrientes, to prevent which it had
1,4,V among the West India circles.—Guardian and more induced to make this remark Trom the perusal of the minutes of except
°lie -I, d tt.„,...„....._ Le dg the court martial which your' Excellency had the goOduess to triins;• gratis, in ordinary labour. been pre-occupied by a body of troops belonging to the latter
.. . - :pit to me. Not one iota of truth iLniaears in 'evbicnce relative to the That your petitioner is obliged to purchase many other little
,l • . i...a province, under the command of Colonel Lopez Chico. The
