THEATRE-ROYAL, LIVERPOOL

On Me Nights of the RACES, Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Thurfday, the Performances will not commence until
EIGHT o'clock. The Doors to be opened at a Quarter-
past Seven.

Seventh Appearance of Madame VESTRIS and Mr. CHAS.
MATHEWS, of the Theatre-Royal, Covent-Garden, who
are engaged for a LIMITED NUMBER OF Nunn's, and of
Mr. JAMES VINING, of the same Theatre, who is
likewise engaged for a limited period.
Fourth Week of Mr. GILBERT and Miss BALLIN, Prin-
cipal Dancers of the Theatre-Royal, Drury-Lane, and
their Pupils, Master and Miss MARSHALL, and Miss

TAYLOR.
THIS present TUESDAY, July 14, 1840, the Perform-
ances will commence with the Drama called
FAINT HEART NEVER WON FAIR LADY.
Ruy Gomez Mr. Charles Mathews,
Duchess de Torrenueva Madame Vestris,
As originally performed by them in London.
After which, the Farce of
CHAOS IS COME AGAIN.
Jack Bunce. Mr. Charles Mathews.
To which will be added the Operetta of the
LOAN OF A LOVER.
Peter Spyk Mr. Charles Mathews.
Captain Amersfort.. Mr. James Vining.
Gertrude (her original character).. Madame Vestris.
To conclude with, for the eleventh time here, a new Grand
Ballet, called the
DAUGHTER OF THE DANUBE.
The. Fire Fiend.. Master:Mai-OWL Rudolph.. Mr. Gilbert.
Fleur des Champs (the Daughter of the Danube) Miss Bailin.
Bertha and Gertrude .. Miss Taylor and Miss Marshall.

TO-MORROW (Wednesday), the Comedy of KNOW
YOUR OWN MIND. Dashwould, Mr. Chas. Mathews;
Millamour, Mr. Jas. Vining ; Lady Bell, Madame Vestris.
After which, the Farce of PATTER VERSUS CLATTER.
Captain Patter, Mr. Charles Mathews.—To conclude with
THE DAUGHTER OF THE DANUBE.
On THURSDAY, FAINT HEART NEVER WON
FAIR LADY, with the SENTINEL and the DAUGHTER
of the DANUBE.
On FRIDAY, THE DUENNA. Don Carlos, Madame
Vestris. With a New Ballet, called VENUS AND MARS.
—To conclude with A HANDSOME HUSBAND, being
for the BENEFIT of Madame VESTRIS, and the last night
but Five of Madame Vestris, Mr. Charles Mathews and
Mr. James Vining.

MECHANICS' INSTITUTION,
MOUNT-STREET.
MUSICAL TREAT.

rIN WEDNESDAY next, the 15th July instant, at Half-
pastA..l Seven, p.m., Mr. VINCENT NOVELLO will
deliver the Second of a Course of Four Lectures on
CHURCH MUSIC, to be continued, at the same hour, on
the succeeding SATURDAY, the 18th, and WEDNESDAY, the
22d instant. _ _

The Lectures will be illustrated with very numerous and
varied selections from the works of the greatest Musical
Composers ; and, for this purpose, the services of the Misses
FLOWER, of the London Concerts, Mr. ALFRED NOVEL LO
Mr. WALTON, of Manchester, and an extensive Chorus have
been obtained, at very great expense.
_ _

Mr. VINCENT NOVE-LLO will preside at the Pinao-forte

The Lectures will be read i;,-ING.Ti7iiu..7cAN, Teacher of
Elocution and Assistant Master in the English Department
of the High School of the Institution.
At a Quarter before Seven on each Evening, the doors of
the Leeture-room will be opened.
Admission to each Lecture, ONE SHILLING.
The Exhibition is open without further charge to Awe
who attend the Lectures.

W. B. HODGSON, Secretary

EXHIBITION AT THE AIECHANICS' INSTITUTION,

MOUNT

- STREET.

THOSE who have not seen this most extensive and magni-
ficent Exhibition, ought to lose no time in visiting it,
as, on account of the opening of the Schools on Monday, the
3d August, it cannot possibly remain open longer than &tiir-
day, the Ist August. The Exhibition consists of a most
splendid Collection of Paintings, Statues, Mechanical and
Architectural Models, Philosophical Apparatus, Machinery,
Manufactured Goods, in their various stages, Specimens of
Natural History, Antiquities, Curiosities, and interesting
Articles of every description. Sixteen Rooms, five of them
about ninety feet each in length, are occupied with the collec-
tion ; nothing similar to which has ever been seen in Liver-
pool. _ _

At One and Eight p.m. Philosophical Experiments, &c,
&c, are exhibited in the Lecture Room, and illustrated by

hort Lecture

this date

hibition will remain open precisely there weeks from

Admission, from Nine to Four, One Shilling ; children
; from Four to Ten, Sixpence for persons of all
eason Tickets, (of which above 5000 have been sold)

Sixpenc

T-wo Shillings and Sixp
Gth July, 1840.

W. B. lIODGSON, Secretary

EXHIBITION.
APTAIN =OEN' S 41f0DE-1, OP THE BATTLE

OF WATERLOO,

THE celebrated MODEL OF THE BATTLE OF WA-
TERLOO is NOW OPEN for EXHIBITION at
the GALLERY OF TIIE UNION ROOMS, Slater-
street, Bold-street.
Open from Ten in the Morning till Ten at Night
mission, One Shilling each

SPLENDID PICTURE OF THE "PRESIDENT"

STEAM SHIP.

The readers of the STANDARD, and the public generally,
are respectfully informed, that on Friday, the 31st of
July instant, will be presented gratuitously to subscri-
bers and purchasers of the paper of that day a beau-
tiful Picture of the PRESIDENT, the largest Steam-
ship in the world, to be lithographed by a first-rate
Artist, from a splendid painting by Mr. S. Walters,
a gentleman of the highest celebrity as a Marine
Painter. This Picture will be accompanied by a full
and authentic description of the vessel, her construe-

tion, engines, and equipments.
The production of this work of art will be attended with
very considerable cost ;
.but the liberal patronage
with which the STANDARD has been honoured, in-
duces us to make this sacrifice, in testimony of our
gratitude, and in the hope that to a commercial and
nautical community such a present may be found
• acceptable.

As we anticipate a large sale on the day in question, a
more favourable opportunity could not be presented
for the wide circulation of advertisements, which we
respectfully solicit.

To parties desirous of obtaining Pictures, we suggest au
early application at the office, where a book will be
kept for the insertion of names, in order ti ge the
earliest and best impressions may be secured.
Standard-office, July 13th, 1840.

Tay Eibtrpooi &tanbarb.

TUESDAY MORNING, JULY 14, 1840,

A copy of the Northampton Mercury has been for
to us, contain a most gratifying announcement.
We neither know nor care whether the Town Council
of that town is composed of Whigs, Radicals, or Con-
servatives : but we feel happy in congratulating its
members upon an act which reflects equal credit on
their good sense and their humanity. We allude to
the petition which was introduced at the meeting of the
Northampton Town Council, last week,, praying the
House of Commons to take measures for encouraging
the importation of free labourers into the West Indies
and British Guiana, which petition was adopted with-
out a division. The following is a report of the pro-
ceedings as it appears in the Northampton Mercury :

FREE LABOURERS IN THE WEST INDIES
moved that the council petition the House of Commons to
take measures for encouraging the importation of free la-
bourers into the West India colonies and British Guiana.
Mr. Groom stated that the present high price of sugar, an
article which had become one of the actual necessaries of
life, and the depressed state of the export trade, in which
this town was greatly interested, called, in his opinion, for
some such step. During the last year the want of labourers
in our sugar colonies bad occasioned a falling off in the im-
ports of sugar, as compared with the six years previous to
1835, to the extent of 75,200 hilds., in value nearly two
In the West Indies there were some millions of
acres of land lying uncultivated, while in British Guiana at-
least 300 labourers could be profitably employed, for every
one now located upon that rich soil. Nobody could doubt.
that it was far more desirable that England should obtain,
colonial produce from her own colonies than from those of
foreigners. We had paid twenty millions for the emancipa-
tion of the negroes, and we should be encouraging slavery
still if we purchased our sugar from foreign colonies, where
its cultivation is wholly carried on by slaves. It should also
be remembered that the West Indies take in exchange for
their produce all kinds of manufactured goods from this
country, having no manufactures themselves, and the late
deficiency in the imports had consequently affected the staple
manufactures of this town and county seriously, the export
trade in shoes having greatly fallen'off. Indeed it would be
found invariably, that in proportion as the imports fall oil;
so would the exports. Free labourers, it appeared, might be
obtained from among the free blacks of America and from
the East Indies, and there were also some thousands of
slaves captured every year by British cruisers, who are now
sent to the Brazils or to Havannah, and who might be em-
ployed to great advantage in our own colonies as free labour-
ers. Again, in the Bahamas several thousands of liberated
Africans were living at a great expense to this country in
idleness, and without a chance of bettering their condition•
These too, he conceived, might be beneficially employed ill

Mr.. Groom

millions

our colonies. Mr. Groom concluded by moving the adoption
of the following petition :
To the Honourable the Commons of the United Kingdom of
Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament assembled.
The humble petition of the mayor, aldermen, and coun-
cillors of the borough of Northampton,
That your petitioners have learnt with regret that since the
abolition of slavery a sufficient quantity of labour cannot be
obtained from the emancipated slaves to cultivate successfully
and profitably the British colonies in the West Indies.
That the princpal productions of the West Indias, consist-
ing of sugar, coffee, and molasses, being necessaries of life,
this country cannot dispense with them.
That if these articles cannot be produced from our own
free colonies, recourse must be had to the tropical estates of
South America, in all of which sugar, coffee, and molasses are
cultivated by slaves. _

That it would be inconsistent to admit slave-made sugar,
or other articles, into this coui4ry, inasmuch as this country
has expended a vast amount of money in emancipating her
own West Indian slaves.

That the fears of your petitioners are fully justified by the
fact of the immense decrease in the importation of West In-
dian produce since the year 1834, and the consequent loss to
the revenue since that year of upwards of five millions of our
money, and a still greater loss to private parties, and to the
country at large.

That the settlements of Demerara and Berbice, on the
American continext, commonly called British Guiana, are
capable, with adequate labour, to produce not only the above.
mentioned articles of West Indian produce, but also the in-
valuable products of cotton, tea, tobacco, rice, and spices,
and being of immense extent, could fully supply all that this
country can require.

That it appears there is a great and increasing demand for
labourers in Guiana, and that the supply is utterly inadequate
to the wants of the colony, it being estimated that 500 la-
bourers could be profitably employed for every one now in
the colony.

That it appears to your petitioners, that the interest of the
manufacturers of this country is greatly concerned in the
prosperity of her colonies, inasmuch as they afford a market
for the manufacturers of this country, in exchange for the
productions of the colonies.

Your petitioners therefore humbly pray,
That your honourable house will take into consideration
these important facts, and that your honourable house will
adopt measures to encourage the emigration of free labourers
to the West Indies and British Guiana, and thus obviate the
necessity of resorting to those countries in which slavery still
continues, for supplying the necessaries of life, and also secure
thereby a sure and increased demand for British manufac-
tures.

The petition having been seconded was carried nem. con.
hn a brief -conversation Whi6h'folloWed; Mr. Groom stated
that the high price of sugar l►ad greatly injured the fruit
trade. Scarcely half the usual quantity had been preserved
this year.

The example thus nobly set by the Town Council'of
Northampton, will, it is to he hoped, be soon followed
in every town and city in the United Kingdom. As
we know of no place which is more deeply interested
in this subject than Liverpool, we feel ashamed that
our townsmen have not taken the initiative in the
matter. It is not, however, too late for Liverpool to
take a prominent part in influencing the legislature in
favour of the prayer of the preceding petition. Once
more we call upon the mercantile classes to prepare a
petition in favour of. free immigration into our own
colonies ; and we call upon all other classes to unite in
so praiseworthy and philanthropic an object.
On all sides we hear great complaints respecting the
high price of sugar. The best refined sugar cannot be
obtained for less than thirteen or fourteen pence per
pound. Common brown is- selling at nine pence and
ten pence per pound. 'This important necessary of life
(for such it has become among all classes of society,
from the peer to the peasant) is still on the rise. There
is reason to fear that it will soon be numbered among
those luxuries which are so expensive as to be out of
the reach of the hard working artisan. The middle
and lower classes of society are already stinting their
families in their allowance of sugar. The grocers are,
consequently, complaining of diminished sales and
injury done to their business. The farmers and mar-
ket gardeners—among the latter of whom we may
class the great bulk of the agricultural labourers and
the peasantry of England, Wales, and Ireland—are
beginning to complain that there is very little sale for
their fruit, and that the price which they are able to
command will scarcely defray the expense of carriage
to the market.

How are we to remove the ground of these com-
plaints ? It is obvious that something must be done,
and that speedily, to obtain a cheaper supply, that is a
more abundant supply of sugar. What, then, shall
we do ?

Some parties have suggested that the attention of
government and of capitalists ought to be directed to
the cultivation of beet-root in this country, for the

purpose of manufacturing sugar. This alternative has
been recommended by those who are utterly ignorant
of the subject. In the first place, the extraction of
sugar from beet-root is too expensive an operation to
'offer the prospect orany adequate remuneration for the
outlay of capital. In the second place, the cultivation
of sugar in Great Britain, if it could be rendered re-
munerative, would only tend still more to depress and
ruin the West India Colonies—to destroy the com-
merce which we have solong enjoyed with those colo-
nies—and to throw out of employment the shipping
and the sailors now employed in that commerce.

Others, again, have advocated the equalization of
the duties on East India sugar as a means of remedying
the existing evil. On this subject there is great diver-
sity of opinion, even among the West India Merchants:
but we think that the able author of the pamphlet
which we have transferred to our last page—to which
we beg the earnest attention of our readers and of our
brethren of the press—has set the matter in its proper
light. He has proved that the West Indies.and British
Guiana are entitled to the privilege of a protective or
differential duty, inasmuch as those colonies are en-
tirely importing countries, whilst the East Indies is, in
part, a manufacturing country. As long as we compel
the planters to consume our manufactures they have a
right to a counterbalancing monopoly.

Another party would recommend the introduction
of free-labour foreign sugar for home consumption on
payment of a moderate duty. This, again, would be
an act of gross injustice to the West India interest.
It would, at one fell stroke, annihilate all hopes of re-
trieving their prospects. It would also afford facilities
for the importation, by fraudulent means, of slave
grown sugar. We need not specify what those means
are. They will he readily recognised by all who are
initiated into the secrets of commercial transactions. '

There is, also, another expedient which has its ad-
vocates even among the pretended friends of universal
freedom, but which every true philanthropist must
scout and repudiate as a vile attempt to perpetuate the
horrors of slavery. We allude to the introduction of
slave-grown sugar from the Brazils, Cuba, Porto
Rico, &c. We feel confident that the great bulk of
the people of England would prefer remaining with-
out sugar for their whole lives to partaking in the pro-
duce of slave-holding countries. So utterly inconsist-
ent, and so repugnant to every feeling of humanity is
this proposition, that we need not notice the scheme
any further.

What, then, is to be done? The reply is at hand. This
nation has only to act upon the advice which we have re-
iterated, from week to week, in the columns of the
LIVERPOOL STANDARD. If we want free labour
sugar exclusively, and at a low price, let us by all means
encourage free immigration into British Guiana and
the West Indies. That is our proposition. The plan
is, at once, reasonable, practicable, and certain in its
results. It is reasonable, because we have dis-
abled the planters of the West Indies from compet-
ing with other countries, and plunged them into a state
of depression verging upon absolute ruin, whilst we
still compel them to submit to a monopoly of their
markets on the part of the British mauufacturers. It
is practicable, because there are plenty of labourers to
he found ready and willing to emigrate to those colo-
__.

The certainty of its results has been demon-
strated by the success of the limited experiments which
have already been made at Trinidad, Jamaica, and
British Guiana.

The question of free immigration to the West
Indies is one of great urgency. The colonies are
going to. ruin. The capital of the planters is being
rapidly frittered away. The commerce between them
and the mother country is fearfully diminishing.
Slavery and the slave-trade is increasing in a corres-
ponding ratio. The people of this country are sub-
jected to privations in consequence of the decreased
imports from the West Indies. Every motive of sound
policy, humanity, justice, and self interest,, strongly
and emphatically urges us to adopt some instant plan of
relief. We need not hesitate as to the plan or the means
for
carrying it into effect. Both are at hand. Let us,
then, unite in petitioning the legislature to encourage
free labour in our own colonies. There, is no time to
be lost. Let grant
us to the planters the boon of free
immigration while yet a remnant of their capital re-
mains, and before they are reduced to that desperate
condition which will finally and effectually preclude
them from availing themselves of the privilege for which
they are now contending. Oh ! what a crying shame it
will be if this country, after setting so noble an example
in the cause of emancipation—after waking such

enormous sacrifices to annihilate slavery in her own
colonies—should pertinaciously disregard the only
scheme by which slavery may be abolished in every
other region of the world.
Before we conclude these remarks we would earnestly
call upon our contemporaries to join us in agitating
this question. With the exception of our Liverpool
contemporaries, the Scottish Guardian, the Glasgow
papers, the Inverness Herald,. the Bolton Chronicle, the
British Standard, and Felix Farley's British Journal,
we are not aware that any of the papers with which
we are in the habit of exchanging have bestowed any
thing more than a passing notice on this important
subject. The metropolitan press, of all shades of
politics, with very few exceptions, have taken an interest
in its agitation. We feel assured that if our con-
temporaries will only investigate the documentary and
other evidence brought forward by the West India
planters, we shall have the powerful influence of their
advocacy.

Amidst the general rejoicing which pervades the
ministerial press at the events of the past week, it is
not difficult to discover that the pretended victories of
their patrons are not regarded with unalloyed satisfac-
tion. The withdrawal of Lord Stanley's bill—tie
defeat of Lord Wynford's amendment upon the Mu-
nicipal Corporations Bill, and of Lord Hardwicke's
motion with respect to the Canada Bill—have, to a
certain extent, smoothed the way of ministers; but
the seat of office is by no means rendered thereby a
bed of roses. They have secured a temporary lull.
The breakers of the political ocean have become still;
but there is a ground swell working beneath them,
which they regard with even darker foreboding than
the shriek of the tempest in its wildest fury.

For what is it that Lord Melbourne's administration
have gained by these assumed victories ? They have
barely preserved ,a Contemptibles,existence ! In the
House of Commons they have been allowed a breath-
ing time to lick their sores—to wipe away the " filthy
witness" of defeat—to brood over fresh schemes of
corruption, which they will never be suffered to carry
into execution. In the House of Lords, they exist
upon the contempt of their opponents only until the
abyss of infamy which they have dug for themselves is
deep enough to hide them for ever from public execra-
tion. They are a government only in name—a sha-
dow without a substance—a thing whose very loath-
someness alone prevents its being trundled out of the
presence of honourable natures into the nearest kennel
which can be found foul enough to receive it.

That this temporary forbearance on the part of the
conservative party is wise and prudent, may reasonably
be doubted. To some extent, however, we are inclined
to coincide in the views of those at whose urging it is
adopted. The Whig-radical, or liberal party, as they
choose to term themselves, are hourly retrograding in
influence and in numbers. Incapable, venal, and dis-
honest in power, they are fast losing the confidence of
great masses of the community, who, lured by their
specious professions whilst out of power, have held fast
their faith until hope itself has become a bitter mock-
ery. The industrious classes—the shopkeeper, the
tradesman, and the operative—upon whose shoulders
they were borne into office, are beginning to distrust
and despise them. The gentry and the aristocracy
have long repudiated them ; and even the mere quacks
of political life, the hangers-on of office and hungerers
after patronage and corruption, are discontented and
dissatisfied with their prospects. Under such circum-
stances, a resignation at the present moment, accotn,
panied with its certain concomitant, a dissolution,
might possibly tend to recruit and revivify them as a
party ; whilst by allowing them to drag on a few more
months of official life, they are daily adding to the
depth of that scorn which awaits their ultimate fall.

Admitting these views, however, to be to some ex-
tent correct, we are scarcely satisfied that they are
those which ought to actuate the proceedings of a
high-principled party. We cannot bring ourselves to
admire stratagem in politics, and should prefer on all
occasions to observe straightforward honesty of pur-
pose, and an open and determinate course, substituted
for this ambiguous and unintelligible policy. 'We
cannot distrust the motives which have led to the
strange proceedings of some of the leading members
of the conservative party upon late occasions, but we
are not convinced of the wisdom of those proceedings,
and lament the impression which they are calculated
to produce in the public mind. Few statesmen can
afford to risk the confidence •of their party, and none
should risk it upon slight grounds.
It has certainly been argued that Lord Melbourne's
government is unable to inflict any serious injury upon
the constitution by its continuance in office ; but we
must take leave to deny that position. Openly, we
admit, they cannot effect much; but are the acts of
such a government as his open ? Is it no injury to
a country to promote amongst its people disaffection,
to encourage irreligion, to foster treasonable associa-
tions to resist the laws, and to shake the affectionate
loyalty of the subject towards the person and the
throne of the sovereign ? And yet all this is done, in-
sidiously and wickedly, by the partizans of this power-
less administration. Is it no injury to degrade the
name of England throughout the world—to sacrifice
her commerce, and to bring ruin upon her colonies ?
Yet all this, too, is done ; and the contemptible fribble,
by whose groSs incapacity—if not something worse—
it is effected, is allowed to shroud his actions in official
mystery, and to laugh at and deride the hand which
strives to drag him from behind the screen of his de-
linquencies.
Whatever, however, may be our views as to the
policy of the conservative leaders in parliament, our
own particular duty is plain and straightforward. We
must strengthen their position. by an infusion of new
'conservative blood into their ranks. It is obvious,
that, in the present balanced state of parties, the battle
must be fought by the electors. To them alone can
the country look, for a strong conservative government,
and our watchword must therefore be, REGISTER,
REGISTER, REGISTER! The crisis to which we have
now arrived demands all the energies which we can
put forth; and we must bear in mind, that, upon the
success of our exertions, depends the fate not only of
this administration but the very existence of the con-
stitution of our country.

Look around you, conservatives of Great Britain !
On every side you are beset with enemies. The unclean
spirit of Popery is upon the threshold of the constitu-
tion ; the demon of infidelity is spurting his venom
against your altars. A false and spurious liberalism is
deluging the land with heresies and polluting the air
with its noxious impurities. To arrest the progress of
these enemies of your moral and social welfare you
require a staunch, Protestant, conservative govern-
ment; and the formation of such a one can only be
secured by the zeal and energy which you are called
upon to put forth at the approaching registration.
Again then, and earnestly, let us impress upon you the
warning—ATTEND TO YOUR REGISTRATION

We insert below the Resolutions of the Committee
on the Liverpool Dock Warehouse Bill, in which we
fancy that our eminently virtuous Corporation will not
find much matter of congratulation. It is, indeed,
provided that " the Dock Trustees be empowered to
erect Warehouses on the Dock Quays ;" but, alas !
they are at the same time required to abstain in doing
this from putting their hands into the purse of the
Dock Trust, but must raise "the money required for
the erection of the Warehouses (and the purchase of
the land) on the security of that property alone."
There are some very cunning gentlemen amongst
the Dock Trustees, we are well aware ; but it may be
difficult, with all their cunning, for these gentlemen to
realize their magnificent scheme with so little materi-
als. We dare say that warehouse property may be,
generally speaking, a fair security for money; but it is
not one upon which prudent men will lend more than
a proportion of its cost; and, unless this can be
achieved, the permission to erect warehouses must be
a dead letter.

We wonder what may have been the cost of this
ridiculous effort--in money we mean—for the amount
of sacrifice of the interests of Liverpool, it would be
difficult even to guess at. Time will, no doubt, enable
us to arrive at the solution of our question. In the
mean time we beg to congratulate the clique upon
their wonderful success in an attempt as impudent as
it is dishonest.

DECISION OF THE DOCK COMMITTEE ON THE
DOCK WAREHOUSES BILL.
Resolved,
I.—That it has been proved to the satisfaction of this

Committee that it is highly desirable that additional dock room
should be provided for vessels frequenting the port of Liver-
pool.

2.--That it is•not expedient that the Trustees of the Liver-
pool Docks should be authorised to build and manage out of
the funds raised on the security of the dock rates, Warehouses
for the storing of goods upon the Quays of the Docks.

3.—That the Dock Trustees be empowered to erect Ware-
houses on the Dock Quays, the money required for the
erection of Warehouses (and the purchase of the land) being
raised on the security of that property alone.
4.—That the chairman and deputy chairman shall be chosen
by ballot, the deputy chairman to succeed the chairman.
Election to be annual, and the chairman not to have a double,
but only a castimg vote.

The Liverpool Journal is pleased to. discover in our
remarks of Tuesday last, on the subject of Ribbonism,
a retractation of the charges which we latelyibrought and
substantiated against certain of the Irish Catholic resi-
dents of this town. Our contemporary can find
nothing•in our remarks but " a repetition of assertions
unsupported by a shadow of proof"—which is possible
enough; but the public we imagine are not so preversely
blind as the Journal himself affects to be. The charge
which we brought forward we supported by documen-
tary evidence, the genuineness of which neither the
Journal nor his correspondent have attempted to ques-
tion; and until that evidence is impeached we hold
that we are fully justified in persisting in the charge
which we founded upon it.
Our contemporary congratulates himself on the fact
of our not having attempted to reply to the long and
abusive letter in which we were attacked in his
columns, and asserts:that from the experience of former
conflicts with its writer, we have only "discovered that
he is beneath our notice when we found him above our
strength." We are really at a loss to know on what
occasion the writer in question has shewn himself above
our strength ; but shall always consider him beneath
our notice until he learns to write in the tone and
to use the language of a gentleman. The rabid style
of his last Epistle was enough to lead to the supposi-
tion ,that its writer was personally touched by our
charge—a contingency for which, we must confess, we
were not altogether unprepared.

Mx. VINCENT NOVELLO.-04 'Saturday last a genteel
and delighted audience greeted this veteran and sterling mu-
sician, who is now fulfilling an engagement at the Mechanics'
Institution on a subject of historical and practical interest,
namely, Ancient Church Music. The father of the talented
and much-respected family of the Novello's presided at the
piano. The illustrations of the masses of the early ages of
the Roman Pontificate gave the highest satisfaction. The
Misses Flower are accomplished musicians ; one of them is
gifted with a voice of remarkable power and purity of tone.
The bass voice is one of the finest we have heard for
some time, and we regret we could not catch the gentle-
man's name when it was mentioned with those of the assist-
ing artists. The lecture was read, as we were informed in the
room, by the assistant elocutionist of the insitution, whose
want of physical power coupled with a thin sharpness of
voice rendered him inaudible to parties who sat near the
doors and in the back seats of the gallery. This partially
interfered with the effect of the verbally descriptive part of
the lecture. The judiciously selected illustrations, however,
spoke significantly for themselves.

•
WOOLLEN AND LINEN DRAPERY, &c.—We refer to an
advertisement in another column, announcing that a portion
of the business of Mr. Claypole and Son has been disposed
of to Mr. John Krebs, to whom, as their successor, they so-
licit a continuance of the favours with which they have been

honoured. We are requested to notice an error which ap-
peared in the same advertisement in the Chronicle of Satur-
day. It is stated in that paper that " the ready-made linen
department will not be continued as usual in Richmond-
street," whereas it will he so continued.
FARMERS' FIRE AND LIFE INSURANCE INSTITUTION.—
The act for establishing this institution has received the
royal assent. His Grace the Duke of Rutland, Sir George
Sinclair, Bart., M.P., and the Hon. Charles Hope, M.P.,
have given permission to have their names added to the list
of honorary directors.

VIEW OF WHITEHAVEN.—We extract the following
paragraph, complimentary of our townsman, Mr. Walters,
from a recent Whitehaven paper :—" Mr. Samuel Walters,
of Liverpool, the celebrated painter of marine subject was
some time ago engaged by Mr. J. P. Youughusband, of this
town, to execute • for him a picture of the port and harbour
of Whitehaven. This week, Mr. Walters has completed his
engagement, and the picture has since Tuesday been exhibited
daily, at the shop of Messrs. Crossthwaite and Co., book-
sellers, and has commanded a large share of attention of the
upper ranks of our town. The view is taken from the sea,
and includes a vivid representation of the harbour, with the
Ganga,' (East Indianian), entering in glorious style. Two
or three other portraits, (which are introduced without
stiffness),—a steamer—the west pier=the lighthouse, and
other objects of local interest,—and the green hills form a
pleasing back ground. The picture is executed with great
skill, judgement and ability, and has commanded the ad-
miration of all amatures and connoiseurs who have inspeted
it. [We are glad to find that Mr. 'Walters has consented
to a general wish expressed in Whitehaven, that a fine en-
graving should be taken from the picture,—an announcement
which cannot fail to be gratifying to natives of Whitehaven
residing in Liverpool, who may obtain, at a moderate
price, a beautiful view of their native town.]

DEATHS BY BURNING.—On Friday an inquest was held
before Mr. Curry, on view of the body of Mary Doherty, a
child of six years of age. The deceased lived with her
parents in Fisher-street, Toxteth-park. On Wednesday
morning, her mother went out with her husband's breakfast,
leaving the deceased and three other children in the house.
Soon afterwards a neighbour heard the deceased call out, and
on entering the room found her in flames. Before the fire
could be extinguished, the deceased was so much burned, that
she dled on Thursday in the Infirmary.—Verdict, " Acci-
dental death."—An inquest was held on Saturday, touching
a similar case. The deceased, Peter Trainer, who was three
years and a half old, was also left with three other children,
at his parent's house, in a court in Colling Wood-street, and
his clothes taking fire, he was much burnt, and died on
Friday.—Verdict accordingly.
FATAL ACCIDENT.—On Saturday, an inquest was held
before Mr. Curry, touching the death of a carter, named
Richard Molyneuv. On Friday evening the deceased was
standing in his cart, driving iu Hood-street, when the wheel
got into a hole, and the deceased was thrown out. In falling,
the reins caught the deceased by the wrist, and the near wheels
went over his neck. He was immediately carried to a sur-
geon's in Queen-square, but was quite dead when he got
there: The deceased was 29 years of age, and the cart and
horse belonged to him.—Verdict, " Accidental death."

GRAND PROTESTANT CONFEDERATION.--The annual
grand lodge meeting of this association was held at Warring-
ton on Wednesday, the Ist of July instant, and was numer-
ously attended by members from all parts of the United
Kingdom. The accounts were of the most flattering de-
scription ; the appointment of a secretary resident in Man-
chester gave general satisfaction ; and the number of fresh
enrolments, combined with the applications for new warrants,
strongly indicates the prosperity and welware of the insti-
tution. _ _

AWFULLY SUDDEN DEATH.—On Saturday an inquisition
was held before P. F. Curry, Esq. coroner, on view of the
body of Mr. Edward Jackson, a young man, thirty-one years
of age, son of Mr. Jackson, of Mill-street, Toxteth-park.
The deceased, who resided with his father, had risen from
his bed on Saturday morning, between six and seven o'clock,
and after dressing himself, and taking his hat, as if ready to
go out, had gone into the front parlour, where in a few mo-
ments afterwards, he was found lying on the floor in a state
of insensibiliry. Mr. Scott, surgeon, was immediately called
in, but found the deceased quite dead, in consequence, he
had no doubt, of a fit of apoplexy. The jury returned a
verdict to that effect. _

_.____
TRH WARDEN SHIP OF MANCIIESTER.—The present mi-
nisters whether honestly or otherwise—into their motives we
need not inquire—have always assumed the character of
church reformers. They have, too, in most instances, tolera-
bly acted up to that character. Can it be true, then, that a
job is in contemplation in the case of the vacant wardenship
of Manchester? This important appointment places a cler-
gyman, as warden or chief rector, at the head of the 300,000
inhabitants of that great town. The revenues are variously
stated, from £l3OO to £3OOO a-year ; but no one disputes the
fact that they are stifficient. The post, therefore, requires
the whole of one man's energies, and the income is equal to
such a man's maintenance. Yet it is currently reported that

this post is assigned to a gentleman who holds a living of
£l3OO a-year, at a distance of fifty miles from Manchester;
and the new warden is to retain this living! Two thousand
persons at Spofforth, near Wetherby, are to be handed over
to a curate, while their rector removes to Manchester, there
to spend his time, due to their service,' and his income, de-
rived from their labours! I can hardly credit this report,
except, indeed, that an immediate prorogation of parliament
is expected, and the jobbers thus hope to escape being asked
any inconvenient questions.—Correspondent of the nmes.

NEW NORTH AND SOUTH WALES BANK."—The
new building for the North and South Wades Bank, at the
top of James's-street, and opposite the north side of St.
George's Church, is now drawing towards completion, ex-
teriorly, and already forms a fine object, from Lord-street,
and more particularly from the upper part of James's-street
and Preeson's-row. It is one of the most elaborate and
costly, though by no means one of the largest, of what are
termed our public buildings," and a brief notice of it may,
therefore, be acceptable. It is founded on a portion of the
site of the Old Castle of Liverpool, part of the circular moat
or fosse of which was discovered in excavating for the cel-
lars, and led, in order to obtain a firmer and uniformly level
foundation on the red free-stone rock, to the formation of
two underground stories or tiers of vaults, all of which are
arched, and also covered with thick blocks of Welsh lime
stone. The mortar employed in this part of the buildings
was solely Roman cement, and for dryness, and security
from other casualties, these vaults are second to none in the
kingdom. The cost of these alone would have built a large
range of ordinary warehouses. The building is of three
stories in height from the ground, and of Grecian design,
with a cornice richer and more massy than that of any other
erection in Liverpool. The principal front is to the south,
at one end, and though when seen from that direction it has

i
t eacntdwtahse cdoenpfit
hue
ofd ttoh
es op nl
janrtrho,w
ta
as
pp
pa
ec es
t; s ftoor
bwe i
pt he
rthe
cornicing and the depth of the plinth, it appears to be per se
a commanding effect, the spectator experiencesTreWtiral
h disproportionately tall; and the idea immediately
nhat
tcssilootieirginlgaeiercwscited itself to us that it would form an elegant wing to
a building extendiTg eastward to Castle-street, with a central
colonnade. Be this as it may, (and it is merely a matter of
taste,) the architect has assuredly made the most of his
ground, and hasp roduced a superb specimen of stone work.
The front noticed, has two fluted columns with enriched
capitals of the Corinthian order, in the centre, and two cor-
responding pilasters—one at each corner. These are 34
feet in height exclusive of the capitals. The walls of the
bottom story are rusticated ; the upper stories of polished
stone, and the whole of a good colour. This. front is surmounted
by a pediment, and the cornice, which projects four feet
eight inches, is enriched by foliated medilions, patras,
odfensttoilns,esanodn otthheerpeodritnn
ornaments.
is no lessnts.The than length of the upper tier
eight feet. The
plinth all round is of Welsh lime stone. The larger front is
on the south, in Fenwick-street. The basement story has
three round topped windows in the middle, and on each side
is a door with a pedimented top. There are five square topped
windows with mounted architraves in each story above ;
and between these, and at each end, are Corinthian pillasters,
with elaborate capitals. The cornice on this side is similar to
that on the south, and the whole presents a very beautiful
appearance. The north and east sides of the building
being in narrow streets are plainer, but are not without
architectnral ornament. The interior will be fitted up for
the bank, and also for offices above, in a corresponding style
of elegance. The architect is Mr. Edward Corbett, of
Manchester, who also furnished the designs for the new
." Union Bank," in Brunswick-street. The contractor for
the work is Mr. Wylie.

HAWKWOOD, A ROMANCE OF ITALY, IN 3 voLs

There is a class of novel and romance writing in which
the Germans of the present day are excelling all other con-
tributors to light literature throughout Europe. We allude
to what is called the Art-Novel, a title of admission which
one would suppose, on the face of fiction itself, would cheat
it of friendly readus, and provoke inspection only from that
irritable tribe of criticlings who thrive most on that which
they sneer at, as knaves grow fat and look most happy on the
strength of what they choose to style " poor stuff." But is

is otherwise in Germany. In their literature,-and in their
reviewing, our cousin-Germans are a profound people.
Every writer of any kind of power is sure of an audience of
competent appreciators. Not an artist among them, whether
he works with pen or pencil, is discouraged. Whoever pos-
sesses talent is stimulated to exercise and make it known
by the assurance that he has the opportunity of acting on the
mind of a congenial class of readers, who in turn, though
they do not notice all the abortions of their PRESS, yet read
everything with a determination to sustain their rights as a
national jury competent to try the Smatter at issue. To those
only who have not thought for themselves will these remarks
appear other than what inquiry will prove them to be.
Hence, without tracing the causation, tediously by links, of
the action and reaction of writers and readers upon each
other, be it remarked, that in the department of Fictitious
Writing the Germans have their art-novels, or works in
which the skill of the artist is exhibited, or his deficiency as
a literary artificer exposed and judged of, as anxiously on the
part of author, reader, and reviewer, as though it were gra-
vity itself out of bed appealing to them at midnight.
In the art-novels of that scholarly people, and which are
alluded to for reasons which shall presently appear, the inci-
dents may be indifferent in themselves, but not so their time
and place and manner of introduction. The art specially
bestowed upon each of these points, and on matters appa-
rently of trivial detail, is as surprising as it is happily exer-
cised : it Pervades—imbues every page of their really clever
works. So great, indeed, is the thought bestowed upon
German light literature, that it does not stick or remain be-
hind in the sieve of catchpenny, gossiff, wire-spun transla-
tion. The second-hand deeds in literary burglary yearly
and monthly " done into French" prove this. The finish
and polish may, be somewhat tawdry—perhaps ragged and
gewgaw ish ; but that applies Only to the shell of the nut :
enough of the kernel of tine thought remains and speaks in-
vitingly for itself, even when hashed and served up by a
mouthing transmogrifying process peculiar to all kinds of
French cookery as done in France.

---
These remarks have been suggested by the perusal of a
work named " Hawkwood"—a perusal which at least has
had fidelity to recommend it, and which justifies the allusion
to that first and often-slurred,duty of a reviewer. We con-
ceive the romance in question to be a work indicative rather
of promise of what its author may yet do, than of what he
has already done. There is much of the German mind but
not anything of the German mode in him, as reflected in the
pages of this work. To those who look under the surface
there is an evident German patience—a German disposition
for minute and sustained inquiry—with a strong tendency to
diverge on every occasion iu pursuit of what is historical in
fact or association. The author frequently pulls up in mid-
career of flights of fancy, and lingers descantingly by the
way on the more sterling, but to the million the less alluring
points of genuine history. In these respects the merit of
what in " Hawkwood " is subordinate and accessary, is as
decided, and the author's powers, under proper direction, as
full of promise and indicative of latent ability, as his romance,
as such, is deficient in artistical skill—faulty in construction,
and imperfect according to the rules of the art in which it
comes before the world as an adventurous one of many.

What the author of " Hawkwood" is without in 1840, he
may have enough of, and to spare, in 1845. It is in the want
of art in disposing of his materials, that present deficiency
chiefly appears. Against all such unprovidedness there is
but one lion's provider—PRACTICE. Practice alone turns
apprentices into journeymen, and middlemen in turn into
competent masters of their craft ; and novel-writing is as
much an art as pie-making and millinery. It is also a sci-
ence, and to be cultivated with success it must be thought of
and massively surveyed according to its own principles, as a
science ; and the materials on which it works, systematically
pieced out and reduced to shape, conformably to the finesse
of art.

Having said the worst that is justifiable of the demerits
of "Hawkwood," it is but fair to notice some, and by
no means all, of its numerous traits of talent. There is
no unrewarding trash in any of its chapters. All that the
author aimed at we cannot tell ; acquaintance, however, with
what he has produced, will tend to improve the tone and
elevate the taste of all but the hopeless gin-bibbers of mawk-
ish twaddle, supplied from the spruce shelves of circulating
libraries. The writer of " Hawkwood" is no silky creature
of pomatumed notions, fragrant with puerilities akin to skin-
paste and Macassar. There is less of down than feather
about him. The calibre of his thought is manly, and of the
proper broad-backed school, which sooner or later finds most
favour with men and women of sense. Whoever, as a.word-
led creature, takes up the volumes as a romance, in the cir-
culating-library sense of the term, will be disappointed. In-
stead of abounding in the blue fire and hysterics of boarding-
school writing, the book is replete with historical allusions,
which attest its author as a man of study and observation ;
and, if not endowed with a rapid or vivid perception, yet
manifests his possession of the humbler but more sterling
qualities of a sensible and deliberative understanding. He
could not have penned his descriptions until after having seen
and felt the influence of Italian scenery, which he places be-
fore the mind's eye of the, reader with that life-like verisimili-
tude, blended with allusions to the past history of a great
country and impressions of the instant, which rise, by force
of contrast, to the consciousness of educated travellers when
treading on classic ground, peopled no longer by the free and
the brave, but by an inglorious race of three-halfpenny aris-
tocracy, peasants, and cits, incapable of discussing the merits
of little else than music and maccaroni. Though but an
episode—indeed the work is a remelt of chapters, encumbered
with incidents beyond the author's present tact to dispose of
them to advantage—yet the description of Venice and its
motley life may challenge comparison, and rise by juxta-
position, with the pen-and-ink sketches of any actual tra-
veller in flesh and blood with which we are acquainted. Se-
veral scenes are powerfully thrown off : the provoking thing
is, that more attention has not been paid to concentration,
and to the indispensable demands of unity. After the first
volume, chapter on chapter should have been made to sub-
serve the crisis, as by an ascending series of sentences in a
rhetorical climax, and should 'have closely conduced to the
swelling progress of the onward action. In thought, manage-
ment, composition, and everything, the introduction is the best
part of this three-volume production, which, though uneven
and unequal, is often much above the average of works of its
class. Chapter 6 narrates a boar hunt, in which two princi-
pal characters figure in a foreground of stirring interest. The
eager sportsmen are benighted, and their subsequent entrance
and dangers, and successive escapes from a haunt of banditti
near the lake of Como, are worth unmutilated extract.
The scenes with a mysterious fellow named Ilderim, and
with Louise—a retiring sweet wifey creature, who interests
chiefly by implication—are well conducted. But the descrip-
tions of scenery are the most happy.; that for instance at
p. 145, of the spot where Alfred is joined by Mortimer, and
the reflections (163) on the soothing effect of fine landscapes
on the feelings of the careworn. The manners, customs,
and bearings of the age are well given. At page 195, there
is a picture of John Galleazzo in little. But by far the best
matter of the book, is the chapters devoted to Venice. The
second volume ends with the death, by poison, of Bernabo
Visconti ; and in the third, Ilderim again adds to the interest
of an escape of the ladylove, from a convent. The state of
Italy generally, is not forgotten. The time at which the
narrative opens is at the close of the fourteenth century
(1387), when Lombardy was shared between the elder and
younger Visconti, and with the year in which a scheming
nephew dethroned his old adder of an uncle.
In noticing, instead of subserviently overlooking the deft
ciencies of Hawkwood, we have been unceremonious, per-
haps, but not unconscieutious. There is that within the
author, which we hope soon to see come tellingly out. He
is worth a fling at, not being one of those scribes who, like
flavourless crows, are not worth powder and shot. No dull
ass, as friend William says, ever' mends his pace with beat-
ing; and we dislike any labour of love—except our respect
for the Pope and O'Connell—to be thrown away unheeded.
The book has its excellences to which we have•pointed with
unfeigned satisfaction; but as it is irregular in execution, and
its plot fairly weighed down by an overlaying or mismanage-
ment of incident, we entertain the divided opinion of it
which is here unswervingly recorded.
Some authors thank friends for suggesting subjects ; others
growl at the implied presumption. But as we have the for-
bearance of an Indian, for mere displays of temperament,
we ask—as the author of Harkwood has shown such conver-
sance with Italian scenery. and the stirring history of its
denizens, what an Historical Romance ,of the Brigands
might he not turn out ? Verb. sap : A word to the wise.

We are glad to perceive that the very able Report on Deaf-
ness, by our townsman, Mr. Neil, has reached a third
edition.

THE EXHIBITION AT THE MECHANICS' INSTITUTION.—
The exhibition at this institution continues to attract thou-
sands of visitors from week to week. Strangers who may
have come to town to attend the races will find this splendid
exhibition an agreeable lounge.

LIVERPOOL REGATTA.—This regatta will take place on
Tuesday, the 21st instant. The distinguished patronage
which it has obtained, the valuable nature of the prizes, and
the excellent craft entered for the several races, give promise
of a treat which has never been' equalled on the Mersey.
Mr. Warde the tragedian, a man with one of the finest
speaking voices ever heard upon the stage of any country,
died last. Thursday in London.

THEATRE ROYAL.—This evening Madame Vestris, Mr.
Charles Mathews, and Mr. James Vinine appear in a new
drama called " Faint Heart never won Fair Lady," and the
operetta of " The Loan of a Lady." Their engagement has
attracted full houses every night, and, with the novelties
that are in preparation, it is not probable that their popula-
rity will diminish. The dancing of Mr. Gilbert, Miss
Bailin, and their pupils, continues to call forth great ap-
plause. We must not neglect to remind our friends that on
the evenings of the race days the performances will not
commence till eight o'clock.

MA. DUNN AGAIN.—This gentleman, who has rendered
himself so notorious as the suitor of Miss Burdett Coutts,
has been committed to Clerkenwell prison on account of his
annoying conduct.

TOTAL ABSTINENCE FESTIVAL.—It will be seen by our
advertising columns that the total abstinence societies of this
town are holding their festival this week. To-morrow they
walk in procession ; and on Thursday and Friday meetings
will be held in the Royal Amphitheatre, on which occasions
great display of talent is anticipated.

- -
THE STEAM-SIIIP PRESIDENT."—On Saturday last,
the engines of this fine vessel were set in motion for the first
time. She proceeded as far as the Formby Light Ship, and
returned to her moorings in the Sloyne. The object in this
instance was merely to ascertain whether all was right and
tight with the engines, without any attempt to put the vessel
to her speed. Every thing worked to the satisfaction of all
on board ; and, notwithstanding the great length of the
vessel, she was steered with the greatest facility through the
numerous craft on the river. Wednesday next is the day
fixed for the experimental or trial trip, when the President
will proceed to Cork, with several of the directors and their
friends. This voyage to the sister isle will doubtless prove
a treat to those on board.

THE WEATHER.—For several weeks past, the weather
has been usually cold and cloudy for the season, with
frequent showers, and, indeed, continued rains. The hay
harvest has consequently been much retarded, and in some
backward districts is not yet completed. No great injury
has, however, been done to the grass, and the crops have
been generally heavy. Sun and warmth are now much re-
quired, particularly for the ripening of the early potatoes.
The grain crops are heavy► and there will be a great yield of
wheat and oats, if the farmer is favoured with a fine back
end. Prices, however, continue very high as yet ; and a
good deal of indifferent stuff is worked up by the bakers in
household bread. In consequence of the long prevalence of
strong westerly breezes, almost amounting to gales, much of
our outward bound shipping has been detained, but on Sun-
day and yesterday the wind varied more to the north east-
ward, and northward, and the sailings were considerable.
During the night of Sunday We experienced some violent
squalls, accompanied with heavy hail showers ; but now,
evening)
when we write, (Monday the sky has again become
cloudless, and there is every appearance of a favourable
change.

NEW BANK.—Several gentlemen, at the head of whom is
Donald Maclean, Esq. M. P., are endeavouring to establish a
Joint Stock Banking Company in Reading.—Gloucester
Chronicle.
