THE LIVERPOOL Sri' Aid

, -
daughter to auction, or as the member of congress who of their families and cast into prison, upon frivolous pre-
transfers his offspring to his nephew, arrests them when tences, as have been in
this extraordinary session of par-
1' elope to be married, and compels them to work as 'lament. The House of'Commons has usurped powers
slaves hitherto unknown to. the .constitution. The rights of
everlf there was a foul and inhuman murder commit- Englishmen have been dealt:witli as if Englishmen were
en in this world, the " respectable citizens" of Wicks- savages. The privileges under the Great Charter
burgN‘ in wrested from, King JoHN have been glaringly and.
Missi-Ssippi have committed one. These men
n° charm
not brought to trial. There Was no judge, no jury, • shamefully liliolatedi by the present reformed House 'of
charge, no indictment, ne evidence, no verdict. They. Commons: •Theseoutrages upon law, reason, right, li-
liternity
were murdered in cold blood.. They were hurled into berty, and decency, have been perpetrated by a band of
with all their sins on their head. They had no lawless and beggarly demagogues. They have only one
,r:e kir repentance—no hour of consolation—no judge, object, viz., to sustain a worthless faction in power.
as good man, no SAVIOUR to appear td. Had they been Lord MELBOURNE has permitted himself to be:propped,
beeninnocent as the unborn babe, no mercy would have and pulled, and morally swamped by these needy and
a, shown them. Freedom in its remorseless tyranny desperate characters. He has lost temper, station, and
(1 set its death brand upon them. The "cross-bones" reputation, by uniting himself to men who are equally
here. p
upon their door. They were proscribed and
deli heartless and dishonest—who would not be tolerated in.a
harately assassinated b resectable citizens" in respectable uothouae club of London-
-11. y p
who are the
-
land of libel ty ! !" grace of- an age which they libel with the name of " en-
v e wait to learn what the laws and government of lightened," and who, under the mask of liberality, are
tnerica will say relative to this barbarous and ,bloody the deadly enemies of civil
.and religious liberty—who,
teed. We are anxious to ascertain whether there be any in short, are slave7Shipa,in human form, whose command-
,‘,vs in the United States which punish the inanslayer. ers load with chains the victims they profess to redeem,
i`inoe citizens who have 'committed this crime ostepta• and extricate' rom one stage of barbarity those whom
"sly boast of it, and actually urge• their fellow-citizens they plunge into a much more hateful one of superstition
in other towns to imitate their example. If they do, the and bondage. '
tilde and practice of murder Will be " considerably ex- The case of Mr. PRENTICE above alluded to was bad—
. it was ernel—it was iniquitous. That of Colonel FAIR-
MAN is still more atrocious. It is of so revolting and ob-
. , noxious a nature that we hope, for the sake of the na-
tionalcharaeter, that some measures will be adopted to
bring public opinion to bear in full force against the men
who were the inquisitors upon the occasion. Colonel
FAIRMAN was summoned to give evidence before a cOni.
mittee appointed to inquire into the forms, rules,•objects,
and influence of the Orange Institution. That- honest
Greek, JosEyn HUME,' the -man who voted black was
white in support of The whige.'ariti.4tho has, lay biiii4ltiste‘,
less returns, added ten pounds to the debt of-Great Bri_
tainfor,every farthing he has saved, was, in some way or
other,. the mainspring -and mouthpiece of the committee
of course- finder the direction of DANIEL O'CONNELL.
TIM respectability of the committee may be inferred from
the fact that JOSEPH was at the head of it. Colonel
FAIRMAN answered every question put to him with per-'
fectcandour. He delivered up every document calcu-
lated to explain the nature and the principles of orange
lodges. ,In the course of examination it came out that
Colonel FAIRMAN had a private book containing many
memoranda, less or More connected with his office, and
this book JOSEPH Hum& insisted.upon seeing, intimating
at the same time that if ,Colonel FAIRMAN, refused to de-
liver it.up, he would compel him to do so by an order of
the house. Mr. FAIRMAN said the private book alluded
to contained nothing which he should object to hear read
from Charing-cross to Mile-end, but he would not give
it up in concession to an illegal and impertinent threat.
HuatE persevered—the house supported HuME. FAIR-
MAN was held to be contumacious; and he was told by
JAMES ABERCROMBIE, the Speaker, that unless "he sur-
rendered the bOok he Would be sent to Newgate.
A great' deal passed pro and con—HumE menaced—
FAIRMAN calmly resisted. At length, on Friday last, we
find the following in the parliamentary report :
" The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the table, and stated
that he had been unable to apprehend Col.. Fairman, pursuant
to the order of the house. He had gone to'col. Fairman's re.
sidence for that purpose, but he was informed that he had left
his resideOee a quarter of an hour previously. Ile afterwards
sent a messenger to arrest Col. Fairman, and the messenger had
since remained upon the premises."
Reader, bear in mind that Colonel FAIRMAN, when at
the bar of the house, had not been by orderof the
Speaker committed to Newgate. He was only told by
Mr. Speaker that he was bound to :surrender the book.
Not doing so, a warrant for his arrest was issued, and his
house was taken possession of by some law_ under imp
in the employ of the Sergeant at Arms! •
When Jon's' WILEs,‘ afterwards an alderman of Lon-
don, and subsequently the Chamberlain of London,—the
most lucrative post that a patriot can aspire to—when this
JonN WILES ,}has sent to prison, a loud roar was raised
w‘...rvents-; but ~ thew- warrant/ ivere
perfect toleration compared with the inquisitorial and ar-
bitrary powers of the present reforMed. HOuse of Corn-.
mons. JOHN, Witacs, the greatest scoundrel of the age,
and the most all(lacicilp impostor that ever
JOHN WILES I.vas the favodrite ,of the people—he
-was Adored by the mob—his resistance of the law was
deemed to be noble and pdtrioiic, and lie had the good
fortune,to be recompensed for the same by the wise citi-
zens of London. But in this • rogue's ease he had been
guilty.of publishing a gross and ferocious attack upon the.
person of.',.the 'KING. The Secretary
'of State, Lord.
HALIFAX, availed himself of the practice followed by his
official predecessors, and issued a 'Warrant to apprehend
WILES and the parties engaged in printingthe libel. It
was, we admit, a most arbitrary proceeding on the part
of the minister, and it was very generally condemned,
inasmuch aa.it might have been wrested to the deep in-
jury of the subject, . WlLxs brought an action against
Lord HALIFAX 'for false imprisonment, and the jury
awarded him £5,000 damages. All this was satisfactory
enough—the minister did. wrong—Wass obtained re-
dress, and since that day to this the triumph of WILES
has been toasted at whig meetings, recorded in large.
letters in whig histories, and boasted of as an important
victory gained by the people over the prerogatives of the

tensive.„
0a
ti. the whole .we cannot reflect upon these tr,vi•aa,e
so as to view them in all their ramifications with
"t reeling convinced that a terrible convulsion is on. the
eve
-01 taking place in the United States. The slave
Itiestion has unsettled the minds- of the. whole mass of
ti 'e Population. What with popery to contend with on
thel one hand, and slavery on the other-what with the
rn4alization of the southern and thee Irish profligacy of
rie northern states-- what with prope‘y to excite appre-
e. "jou and religious principles to enforce:_doty, ttie
v
ttizens of the republic are at this moment reposing upon
4 magazine of gunpowder, which a spark may ignite
411 blow president and slave, father and child, murderer
anti gambler, saint and sinner, into atoms. God forbid
tt)nat We should wish any such awful catastrophe to befal
We'are not the enemies of America which some
'n-skinned boobies believe us to be. We see the de-
fet's of the system—we deplore the CrAnes whichit gene-
rat' ••
we lament the consequences which must ineOta-
bi
r ensue ; but we are rather the friends of the republic.
1 len we forewarn the citizens of the dangers which be-
,''tatitem. and of which they themselves, in their pride
a
Ignorance, are the sole authors. America is nothing
tes• We know no country but one favoured and be -
ivied land. We haVe no', desire to force British
Istitutions upon the Americans ;- but we detest the man
Oho seeks to force republican institutions upon England,
and
.‘ make that government and the manners of .`,fre-
'Pectabie citizens" models of purity and virtue to the
People of these, realms.
ljPoo this subject the New York Daily Advertiser of
the lit instant offered the following remarks :
iZ
g, addition to the'outrages which- have recently occurred sit
andle"bur elsewhere,
in relation to the gambling houses
arid •
gamblers, and-an attempted insurrection among the negroes,
Would seem that hostilities between Ohio and Michigan have
0 I
—7 been smothered for some time past, and are now threaten-
. 41(44) break out with increased virulence and force.--There is
s"lething unaccountably strange in the state of things iu this
:()LintrY• When General Jackson came to the head of the
'''"rntnent there were neither wars nor rumours of *wars
441"g5l us. All was peace at house and abroad. Our trade
Wa3 flourishing, our manufactures were prosperous, our agricul-
t''re was improving and extending, and our country settling,
44,1 inereasin,, in numbers, wealth, and power;beyond all ex-
Wehave had the benefit of his administration for more
than six years; and at go equal Portion of time since the for-
thatic'b of the government, has the Country been divided into
=ltch rancorous parties, nor have the animosity and bitterness
ur such parties ever reached tn.such 'an extravagant pitch. To
7lllnt is this state of things to be ascribed ? He and his friends
lre the complete ascendancy in the different branch!! of the
g()Yerninent,—except within a short time past, during which
one legislative house has shaken off his supremacy, and acted
'vith the most exemplary independence and integrity—and he
ras a complete and despotic command of all the subordinate
departments., We are tnnstantly told of his.unexampled
po-
to chit of Washington himself
r hix patiintism, integritey, and entire devotion to the in-
•el este, prosperity, anti honour of the country. How then can
It be iiccountQd for, that there is to be found amongst us such a
'Writ of violence, political animosity, intrigue, and vindictive
hvtizariship? E yen allowing that his opposers are unrelenting
ill their op position to his .policy and measures; still, they are
in the minority, and therefore are not able to.carry any of their
Plans or measures into effect; whilst lie has been able to devise
I'4l recommend as many specific
.objects for the public good as
thought proper. Indeed, when, he first began his career, he
the majority of both houses favour, and he lost it in
"e battle only by his violence, and dictatorial disposition and
•

Now his friends may, if they are able, explain this phenome-
-11611. Why is it that under the circumstances to which•we have
4ltuded, the political concerns of the Union are in such a state
or violence and distraction—why are the laws-disregarded, and
tr4repled upon, individual vengeance-exercised, and that fre-
!lttently in the most lawless, but the most savage manner; why
I the country divided into hostile feuds, and a large portion of
the Population ranged under different political banners, pre-
-I)ared, as a strangerwould naturally conclude, to engage in
' aetuat hostilities; if their leaders shoabl only' give the word of
"remand ?

"The Court of Star Chamber," says DAVID HJME,
'hen: speaking of the year 1633, in the time of CIiARLES
"e FIRsT—" the-Court of Star Chamber extended its

:Nth • - --
Drily, and it %yak matter .of cnmplaint that. it en,
c''9ached upon the jurisdiction of the other courts, ini
l'l3sing, heavy fines, and in severe punishment BE

croWti.

But.thelwhigs are now found on the opposite side o
the popular ledger. They are now the invaders of the
liberty of the subject. They are the' oppressors of
Colonel IfAIRMAN, and they have entered an English-
man's castle by virtue of a speaker's warrant, and have
placed a myrmidon at his bowl, to break open his desks
and drawers tinder the, pretext of searching for papers
which JOSEPH FIUME has since confessed are of no earthly
value whatever... It is true they have not caught FAIR-
MAN, -but that is not their fault. It. is true, they have
not robbed his house of books amileapers, but that is
because they were found to be worthless ; but they have
not only been guilty of gross oppression, but they have
also been guilty of meditated felony. AN this the Whigs
have done, and yet -they pretend to resPect the rights of
the people and profeSs a huge respect for the magna,
clzarta of King Jonii t • •
WlLKs.obtOned • redress-but how. is colonell'Arrustkx
.
to obtain redress-? Is he to bring his action against the
Speaker, 'or is .he to 'sue honest JOSEPH ITUME who
moved his committal ? If KUME could be inuleted.out of
£l,OOO it would be ajust punishment, for the loss of the
money Would go deep into the iron of his soul; but
JOSEPH cannot be sued, for his motion being carried be-
comes the act of the whole house. The Speaker, how-
everi is, liable, and there is. such place as the Court of
King's Bench. Lord DgNmAN, though no lawyer, is an
honest judge, and Colonel FAIRMAN -would be quite safe
• L
n his hands.

• u TIM iTgUAL COURSE OF JUSTICES"
What the Star Chamber was in 1633 the reformed
l!oase of Commons is in 1835, with this difference, that

the
.members of the Star Court were responsible to the
King, whereas the members -of the House of Commons
are
responsible to no oriebut themselves, excepting their
reVonsibitity to the people at a general election.
Of the two arbitrary bodies it is. therefore obvious that
the Star Chamber reds, to . what the House of Comm Ons
18t a subordinate and less oppressive court. The former
final and imprisoned the King's subjects without assign,,
log any reason oriofferinzany justification; but they did
this at the hazard of. losing their heads. The latter
Court, however, the modern Star Chamber of the Honse
or commons, is not exposed to any such risks. Its lead-
ing members, who are liish papists and Scotch infidels,
lu'ufess to act upon liberal principles, and claim the peen-.
liar privilege of doing. rong with the sanction of the
People of England. They are immense sticklers for
li
lnd under that disguise they send men to gaol who
refuse to answer questions, which, if conscientiously an-
mvered, might convict themselves. Such is the assumed
Nwer of our liberal. Star Chamber—such the sense of
Justice eptcrtained by the reformed House of Commons

in 1835.
In the case of' a witness named PRENTICE, dragged
before the Yarniouth committee—a committee which had
not even the power. to impose an oath, and whose inves-
tigations were purely inquisitorial—the tyranny of these,
reformers was evinced in the most repulsive fdtm. Every
principle of law, every rule of evidence, every chance of
life or liberty, was trampled upon and set at defiance by
the committee. Suppose PRENTICE had been indicted for
receiving stolen goods. knowing them. to have been
stnlen, what would Lord DENMAN have said if the pro-
secutor had asked him, " Did you receive the goods?"
Lord DENMAN, whig though he ,be, would have told the
Witness, "You are not bound to answer any question
which may commit yourself." -This was all that Lord FRAN-
CIS EGERTON did, as in duty bound, when the witness
9748 under examination before the committee of which his
1
,ordship was chairertan. The majority of the committee,
however, ruled otherwise. They insisted upon the wit-
ness answering the question. They presumed to be the
judges of his responsibility. They claimed to know that
qf which they could know nothing. They asserted their
right, not only to ask what questions they pleased, but
they had the arrogance, the ignorance, and the imperti-
nence to contend that they knew ;.as ROI, if not better,
titan the witness whether fife Avow imight make
would or would not implicate ;lA'wor&lf. 11110‘W:A'F44,
ferent opinion. He refused 1nAgAmr,,64:411,0 !Kw ssm-.
milted to Nelegate !
in short, never, within the ;recalleotionnf (the prekent
generation, were so many men dragged from the bostim

We take leave to remind the electors of this borough
and of the southern division of the county of Lancaster
that' THIS IS THE LAST DAY on Which they. can deliver in
'their claims to be put upon the register as voters, or give
notice- of: objections .to any names that may have been
improperly registered. We hope that no supineness on
the part of the conservatives • will prevent them from
attending to these important duties ;—that each individual
elector, whether freeholder, householder, or free burgess,
Nvill see, first, that he is himself properlpregistered, and,
secondly, that no ALIEN or other unqualified person, be
his' station in life high or low, .be unduly registered.
With a constituencY thus purified,, thus undeteriorated
by any foreign leaven, and composed of no other than
genuine English materials, we have nothing to fear frOm
any political struggle, come wheuit may. We, therefore,
call upon all who have a right, to the elective franchise
to come forward, and boldly and fearlessly do their duty
to themselves and to their country.

At Munich, the astronomer Gruithuren, well known for his
lunary visions—for he pretended. some years ago, to be enabled
by the power of his telescope to distinguish the buildings in.the
rooqn—has now discovered the real age of our globe to be
1;140,201 .years; and. moreover, what is most preCious indeed
for all hut,the very remotest' posterity, that the least period of
its future existence is to he 1,050,000 years. after which it is to
absorbed by the sun,,and thus consumed by solar fire.

.
altogether from his thoughts and whose mind wartalread calmly P
. i and: without dread contemplating -h. • inevitable dissolution,Y
TO TIIE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL ST./MD.4RD. ; ly as a paisege to another state "of ence. Before hie
trialh and immediately after his condemnation, however, he ex_
Stn,—Charnbers, in one of his recent numbers of the &lin_
i .siltbuiatetidona diAffewrentt, feeling, and appeared quite callous to his
burgh Journal, has, advised that the gentlemen pf the lancet stt;:hi:ttl the
htiev.llL IC enntetdai
should betake themselves as well to the useful and assuredly visited him, elan
On the Saturday morning he agaiu visited BParlow, atfrtliTound 1
less dangerous occupation of shaving. The proposal merits the
' ehtiam. in
with
avicell in a state of great excitement. The rev. gentleman
serious attention of the profession, crowded as it is by aspirants
i .802eerede
eLlltheitrmfeoereaetutthahtalfeawne hour, and such were the pri_
prisoner
selsuettse:riliaerhma alarmed.
'for fame and bread of every age and size. I- am _inclined to
ilveline
think that the public would derive manifold advantage from uttered invectives against the witn
9t the trial, and the clergyman endeevoured to divert his feel-
the recombination of the two departments, for, as you well I
ilittlfeslotrin that to
fa future state, and to obtain from him an ae-
know, the barhers and surgeons were formerly brethren, and i the justice of his sentence. He would not
the separation of the crafts was . effected some thirty or forty then ac grnent 9
quiesce In the sentence; but in the afternoon on revisit
years ago. • ing him, the prisoner was more calm and collected, and on being
I suppose the casting off of the tonsor by the surgeon was sertr,licetinlattoirltins the
.irribject of his crime, wept like a child, and
On Sunday he attended
urged ou the score of respectability.• The qualifications of the the chapel WitKuntlisse motehnetr was just.
ertelenhoewd lts:yi
the
reverend e r s e n-
former net, being of so extended a kind, no examination for a tence of death, where a sermon-PAT' a-8"p
chaplaie. The condemned were stationed in a pew hung with
diploma was held requisite, and yet, if ever you have been,'
tedetcrkrecilroatthe,ebot theevvere_placed so as not to be visible to the
slia,Ved by another, you will, I think, agree with me that, if not eerna J.theßs•errlvoivre'eand the other three culprits
numerons, they are at least-important. Imagine yourself seated palgreatltti.netni
in a chair, your nether face and lips, in the one case, gently 'Yesterday morning he was awakened by the gaoler at five
o'clock from a sound sleep, and we may bete remark that he has
and dulcetly lathered by a light fingered tensor, the fore-finger
slept most profoundly each night since the fatal sentence was
delicately drawn across the upper lip, and in the other a shoulder. passed. The Rey. Mr. Hornby and the Rev Mr• Ken d
of mutton kind of'hand infixing every bristle of the brush into 'visited him several times in the course of the morning,
, the latter
rifr.• Lining with him for the last two hours of his earthly career,
the cellular, membrane, and, when applying the finger, doing
the thing so energetically, that you wince with pain. Should state
eh
of
tirsenretzliegLitletrLestet
respeemak int gratifying terms of the
your visage be garnished, or rather studded with a crop of pim-
spared, and spoke of higs approaching fate
Hwitisle
tzreneedtiefuel7fpre-
ples;;_think of .the horror of his cutting off their tips without the only particular inquiry which he made being as toirtnhie-
rectse time when he Weald be called upon to yield his forfeited
mercy. Unacquainted with the irritability of the nasal lining,
never having read of Schneider's membrane, a bungling fellow life.
At five min before twelve •
the prisoner was conducted from
will block up your nostrils with ends, end often as will push the the chapel minutes
3:•aed to the press-room lea •
. Aug on the
arm of the Rev. Mr. Kennedy, and piece led by Mr. os, the
finger's point beyond the margin of the agreeable.. Your mouth
governor, the under sheriff, and the Rev. M H '
Mr. orner. At the
all the while is of course hermetically closed, else ,your tongue press-room the governor delivered his •
I prisonerhe wteoe thee,i sheriff,
would be let loose upon him in not the gentlest stile of admoni- arid the executiOner having pinioned'
lion. Are you,asthmatical? The tonsor, ignorant of the nature
gallows. The unfortunate man evinced no emotion whteontire
Was led on to the scaffold. Ilis last words were addressed to
of your ailment, views your weithings and smothered cough the governor as he. proceeded up the platform:—" Lot my bro-
with indifference. • . • • they nave my clothes." The Rgv. Mr. Hornby as he re-d.th
..
It would be fir otherwise were the operation of shaving per. service was•much affected. When he arrived at the usual s ' e':
tence the bolts were withdrawn,—the drop fell, and the criminal
formed by the erudite and scientific. He would know you had •
was launchedie into eternity. .He died without a struggle.
nerves. ' You, too, from the mode in which he acquitted him- n prisoner was a native of Ilindley, near Wigan, of hum
self, would be enabled to judge to the steadiness of his band. - blebat honest parentage • he spent his' childhood there, but-
h may be urged that the avocations of the general practi- n the last thirty yearshe had resided in ditto f the
sofftwation of
.a block calico printer. In early life wo under-
!loner are already too numerous,•that medicine, surgery, .mid-
stetlleinprsoerelleisehweetlklitinil bid fair to occupy a respectable
wifery, pharmany, and: tonsorism would be too much for one '
trtrriteees ohottire
csst steinee
ttisan am
e ;.
man. This maOse'trne itipirt; but the younger, praktitioner ''lreentereclintotge paths foil es
is generally 14 overburdened with patients. He has leisure the end of which was the crime he has suffere the extreme v
penalty of the law fareonamitting, being another instance of the
enough to operate on chins; and, did he so, I doubt not he truth, "that the wages of sin is death." We cannot conclude
would hence often procure a' patient. . our account of the execution without acknowledging the
kind-
If natirre had favoured the ladies with beards, the tonsor and ' ness and urbanity of Mr. Amos, the respected- governor of ,th
gaol, who gave every facility to the press in obtguiping infno‘rma-
surgeon woUld still have been one. The obstetrician would ' lion. The immense crowd dispersed without any accidee
never have allowed an interloper to perform so agreeable an occurring. ,
office,'-though it might not always have been a safe one, exposed
as he would be to the dangers resultant from dimpled cheeks
and brilliant eyes. •
Between the peruke and false lock manufacturer and surgeon
there is mit consanguinity. I have often wondered the tonsor
has not applied himself to the management of diseases and dis-
orders of the face and lips. The rubicund and rotund bottle
nose must 'oft have arrested his attention, and as well the diffe-
rent species of eruptions. He must be able to judge from the
kind and bearing of a man's countenance whether or not he
is a worshipper of Bacchus, and, from the intensity of its hue,
to what extent. The composition of pomatums naturally leads
to that of ointments. Who more able than he to eradicate a
cancerous lip? I warn the surgeons to bestir themselves—the
diffusion of knowledge—the readiness of access to an acquaint-
ance with human organization will beget new rivals in their
art. The forthcoming Mechanics' Institute will doubtless be
endowed with an anatomical professorship, and the barber once
knowing that his red hot curling tongs 'will staunch a bleeding
artery, may he not be induced to trespass as the druggist has
done, and thus close the regular practitioner in still narrower
hoods? Especially; too, as Mr. and Mrs. Bull are the best
natured personages possible, and ere,quite as ready to employ
the druggist as the physician, and the bone-setter as the sue
—I am, &c. • . 'B. A.

SURGERY AND SHAVING

COTTON. MARKET.

( From the New York Advertiser, lst August.)
mport from 25th ult. to the lst August, frem
South Carolina..
Georgia
Alabama:
New Orleans..
Providence .

160
640
129,
2,385

Total 310 G
The market since the 25th, the date of our last report, has
exhibited no new features, it stilt remains without activity, vet
prices have undergone but little alteration. The transactions
consist of sales to spinners and shippers, and shipments on
owners' account; they amount in ail to about 2.4(X) bales,—say
1,600 Uplands at 171 to 191 cents ; 200 New Orleans at 18 to
21 ; 300 Alabanias at 18 to 22, and 300 Floridas at 174 to 21.
By the packet-ship RoScoe we have received accounts from Li-
verpool to 24th June, prices there were about the same as at our
previous dates, with rather a better feeling—Uplands are quoted
at 90. to 12V. sterling per lb. Sales of the week preceding
16,040 bales.

Mr. BrtowN's CONCERT.—Mr. Brown. well known as a beau 7
tiful perforther on the flute, gives a concert at the Adelphi
Hotel on Tuesday next, the Ist September, on Which occasion
he will be assisted by his friends, the members of the Apollo
vocal concerts. •
A.cutnENT TO. THE CARLISLE MAIL.—On Friday evening,
between eight and nine o'clock, as the mail from Carlisle to
this pace was passing through Penrith, the horses suddenly
took fright at the lightning, and by rearing up overturned the
coach. There were 'two inside and four outside passengers.
Of the latter, we regret to say, one a gentleman from London,
was killed on the spot; but the others, with the coachman and
guard, escaped without any serious injury. After waiting a
Short tune the guard Proceeded with the mail in a chaise to
Kendal. Not the slightest blame is attacked to the coach-
man.

TO THE EDITOR OF •THE LIVERPOOL STAYDJIRD.
Stst —fit is high time that every ENGLISHMAN who thinks
well of his country, and the glorious constitution under which
these realms are governed, should boldly speak out, and man-
fully stand forward in its defence. The circumstance that calls
forth. these remarks must have met the eye of every man who,
for the last fortnight, has passed through Church-street; for a.
more daring piece of impertinence, on the part of a radical
vendor of newspapers, never was practised or permitted in
respectable community. I allude to the placard in the shop
wincloiv Mr. 'Willmer, calling upon the public to read the
abominable trash of a man of the name Roebuck—unforto-
nately a member of the Commons' House of Parliament—eel-Li--
inencing in very conspicuous characters "OF WHAT USE
ARE THE LAIRDS'?"
Though I differ with this man iu every point, I still consider
that he has a right to his religious.and Political feelings; but
be has no right to insult the better portion of society by his
_own
.expres_sions in such very glaring colours: Mr. \Vintner
should reconeet that he deilies equal, if not greater benefits
from the conservatives than he does from the Whigs and de-
. strnctives. I presume that the magistrates of this town have
not authority to act under, such circumstances, or this offensive
piper would have been. long since re moved.—l auti&c. . • •
A CONSERVATIVE. •

BIRMINGHAM PETILORTION TO THE HOUSE OF
S.

We take the following extract from the Times' report of the
proceedings iu the House of Lords on Wednesday last
" Lord TV/N/IAM presented a petition from Birmingham
signed by. 10,000 persons, who.declared they would never again
petition their lordships' house unless their lordships passed the
municipal corporations bill without mutilation. The noble lord
gave notice that at the proper time he would move that the 26th
clause" be restored."
Without mutilation the municipal Corporations' bill.will not
.be pased. What then Will the wise men of Brumagem, as
Lord .Brougharn calls that town, Cease to -meddle with politics,
and 'confine their attention to the improvement of mouse traps,
or do they mean to intimate their intention to adopt some other
course of proceeding? They cannot say that Birmingham is
either blessed or cursed with a corporation; the people of that
place have no "town's dues" to complain of, or freemen or
free burgessei to tOb;—what have they to do with corporations?

4TALIAN CONCERTS AT TITS AMPHITHEATRE.—TWO grand
vocal and instrumental concerts are announced to be given at
the Amphitheatre on the evenings of to-morrow and Friday,
by Madlle. Grisi, Signors Lablache, F. Lablache, Pio Ciao-
cliottini, and Puzzi.. The celebrity of these vocalists, and the
admirable selection of music which will be found in the pro-
gramme of these entertainments, warrants us in supposing
that they will be properly estimated by the admirers of that de-
lightful science.
ZOOtOGICAL GARDENS.—The late fine weather has contri-
buted much to the .beauty of the gardens, and caused a great
intinx of visitors:- The flower beds look exceedingly well, and
particularly a bed of geraniums, now in bloom. 'rhe animals
are in fine condition,
_and that rare one, tha rhinoceros, has
wonderbilly improved since his arrival. Amongst the presents
lately reeaored are, a marmot, from Captstiii Bell, of thr. ship
China; a peccary, a Dourocola monkey, arid several tortoises,
from Mr. James F. Tantun, Esq., Peel-street.; a pair of red
echinyi, from Mr. Glover, Maryland-street; an ostrich, from
C. Holland, Esq., Goree-piazzas; a ring-tailed monkey, from
Captain Todd, brig Mangalore; a gray fox, from A. Clarke,
Woodside; a black squirrel, from Captain 1). Clarkson, of the
barque Cigar; a gennet, from Captain Cooper, of 'the Lisbon
Packet; a pair of Nassau sheep, from Captain Findlater, of the
James Laurie ; a fox, from Mi. Latham, Benson-street ; a ra-
coon, from 11111.. Paces, of Great George-square; an American
goat, from Miss Taylor, Great Newton-street; a Guinea hen;
from Mrs. Claypole, Kensington; a neutra, orcapu rat, from
Captain William Kenny of the brig Ann Wise; a dog-faced
baboon;from Captain limes Griffin, of the narque Jane ; a
ca-pabara; from Capt. Marra ; , ; of. the brig Migvie a margay,
from Capt Thoinpson, of the barque Ceres; an American an-
tetor, from Capt. 111`Plierson, of the ship Johnstone; a curious
fresh water tortoise and black bear, from Capt. Mitchell, of the
ship Sir John Berescord; a pair of kestrel's, from Mr. Parkins,
Law-hill; three Oronnokii geese, from Mrs. Ward ; a panther
and cotainondi, from t 'apt= Kelso, of the barque Argentina;.
a pair of sagouin monkeys,, from W. Moon, Esq.; a scaly
rnatiis, or great pangolin, frOni Mr. Crossley, Lord:street.
•

CosigT.—Halley's famous comet has been seen by the
asfrOnomers. M. Bouvard has communicated to the Acad&Smie
des ,Sciences a letter from the director of the Observatory at
home, announcing the important fact. The light of the comet
is very feeble, a'id the weather has not yet been sufficiently fa-
yourable to permit of its being very exactly observed.—French

Paper.
H DDINGTON.—It is rumoured here that Mr. Ferguson, the
present member for the county, finding his duties too heavy for
him, has made up his mind to resign his seat in Parliament,
and that. Sir David Baird is to take the field in his stead. We
have not vet heard who the conservatives are to start against
him.--7Berivick Adeeratter.
MEM!) MUR DER.—A report has just 'reached us, awl which,
for the credit of oat...country, we horle to be unfounded; that
some. vile wretches attacked the house of a poor man named
Coghlan, who resided in the neighbourhood of Portumna, and
on their gaining admission deliberately shot Coghlan, after
which they departed. The only reason assigned for this wan-
ton murder is, that Coghlan's daughter Islas • the principal
evidence against Mecny and M'Dermott, who w,re found guilty
at oar late assizes for the murder of the policeman, and executed
—Galway Pab jot.
BETTERING ONE'S SELF.—This phrase, " bettering one's
self," is at all times a very doubtful one. A pampered footman,
who is found in every comfort and almost luxury in life,
" betters himself- by marrying his mistresse's maid, and setting
up a public-house, where, in the course of a couple of years, he
drinks up his profits and coustitution, and is found figuring
away in the Gazette as a bankrupt; while the, housemaid of the
family "betters herself" by leaving service and marrying a
journeyman painter, who, after having stocked his garret with
three small children, either pitches head-foremost from a three-
pair of stairs window, which he is cleaning, or sinks into penis
dity‘and. paralysis, arising from the use of white lead. So
much fur bettering one's self!—New Monthly Magazine.. • '
'lnn BRIG " ROSE." —ln our last number we gave an account,
under the head-of "Ship News," of the abandonment of this
vessel, off Dunmore Harbour, by the captain and the 'crew, in
consetjance, as it was then supposed, of her having sprung a
leak, and no hopes bein entertained of saving her from tota
wreck. The statementsg of the crew, together with some sus-
-1
picious circumstances connected with the vessel, °Stet she had
been towed in and examined, gave rise to doubts as to the pro-
bability of the story of the captain and his crew. Accordingly
a strict and cautious inquiry was made forthwith; and the result
was, that, in the first instance, the' captain, whose name is
Strong,• and three of the crew, were arrested on Saturday
evening, and placed in confinement, to abide the result of a full
examination before the magistrates on Monday. The examina-
tion took place on Monday at the mayor's office, before Alder-
man Matthew Poole ; and it appearing from the evidence of
part of the crew that foul play was practised by the captain and
some others of his men, for the purpose of scuttling the vessel,
in order to cheat the underwriters, he •(the captain,) the mate
(James Moss,) and the steward (William Paul,) were fully com-
mitted to stand their trial upon this serious charge. The cargo,
which, as we stated in our last, consisted of wine, dye-stuffs,
foreign fruits, &c., is being for the last few days placed in the.
custom-house and other bonding stores in this city.—Wateeford
Mail.
PERSONAL RECOLLECTIONS OF CHARLES Di ATHEWS.,—My
first acquaintance with -Mathews arose out of circumstances
connected with a very characteristic' feature iu his mental bass
bits. Ile was an ambitious and proud man, though not, as Id
have often heard it alleged of him by some of his good-natured
friends, a vain man. But proud and ambitious as he was ;
courted and feted as he every where found himself, even by
royalty itself, there was no society in which, apparently, he
tool: suN real and unalloyed pleasure as in that which he him-
' selfselected and carefully assorted at his own house, or which
was ready selected to his hands on certain periodical occasions,
to which he always looked forward with undisguised eagerness
and Satisfac' ion. , The two most conspicuous of these occasions
were the Opsom and Ascot race weeks; chiefly the former;
and it was at one of these social parties, arranged for the
Epsom week at Box Hill, that I first met him. * *
1 never knew au actor, except Mathews, who was not
much More of an actor in the miscellaneous intercourse of pri,
vale life than on the stage, whose beating and manner were not
more essentially artificial, more obviously " put on" for the oc-
casion, whatever they might be. * * * * *
Mathews had little or nothing of this in private life. He was not
merely a gentleman. though he was essentially that, but he was
a thoroughly natural man, entering into and enjoying the society
of his' fellow man as an object of immediate personal interest
and observation, but ivitbont the smallest apparent reference to
any thing beyond these. And so far from there being any thing
about him of that courtier-like air at second-hand, which is the
•characteristic of the first. abord of most actors, there was a cold-
ness and reserve 'about him almost amounting.tu the repellant.
He was evidently very shy of making a new acquaintance at all
at and after the period at which I first became acquainted with
him ; and as to a newirtend, the phrase seemed to have the sound
of a contradiction in terms:—Court Magazine.-
