LOCAL NEWS.

DEATH OF A CHILD FROM DRINKING RUM.—OR Friday
an inquest was held before the coroner, P. F. Curry, Esq.,
on view of the body of a child, four years old, who died
under the following circumstances. The parents of the de-
ceased, Francis and Mary Norton, lodge in a house in School-
lane. The father of the deceased was afflicted with rheuma-
tism, and a friend had given him a bottle of strong rum,
containing some mixture, for the purpose of rubbing himself.
On Tuesday afternoon the deceased was left alone in the
apartment of her parents, and by some means or other got
to the mixture used by her father, and drank so copiously as
to occasion death the following afternoon.
MELANCHOLY CASE OF HYDROPHOBIA.—It is our pain-
ful duty this week to have to publish a most melancholy and
distressing case of hydrophobia, which occurred at Flook-
burgh, near Cartmel, during the past week. The individual
~,ho has fallen a fctila to this fatal and direful malady is a
young woman named Drinkall, and who at the time resided
with her parents in Flookburgh. It will be within the re-
collection of many of our readers, that about seven weeks
ago a dog in a rabid state caused great alarm in the neigh-
bourhood of Ulverston, and many other places which it
visited, having during its mad career bit many individuals,
as also several dogs, the latter of which in most cases were
destroyed at the time. In passing through Flookburgh it
bit two children, as also the unfortunate young woman
whose melancholy death we are now about to notice. Im-
mediately after she had received the bite, which was a severe
laceration of the calf of the leg, Mr. Gaskarth, surgeon, of
Cartmel, was called in, who cut out the part affected, and
used all the means in his power to prevent any further cause
for alarm; and from that time until Friday the 4th instant,
the young woman was considered to be going o❑ well, when.
melancholy to relate, on the following day symptoms of hy-
drophobia began to be manifest, and until the Monday fol-
lowing her sufferings were heartrending beyond description,
on the evening of which day death put a period to her con-
vulsive struggles.—Preston Pilot.
ELIJAH Rowtr.—This notorious individual, who has been
incarcerated in Kirkdale gaol upwards of three months,
awaiting his trial for burglary at the next assizes, and who
was so intimately mixed up in the circumstances of the Wi-
gan-lane murder, expired, we understand, on Thursday last,
in the gaol hospital. He has been almost from the very first
day of his imprisonment gradually wasting away in a con-
sumption. Anderton, we hear on the contrary, is in excel-
lent health and spirits.—Wigan Gazette.
SOUTHPORT.—We understand that it is in contemplation
to establish public markets in this place, the want of which
is a great inconvenience to the inhabitants. We believe that
a meeting of a number of the most influential residents has
already been held on the subject, when resolutions in favour
of the measure were unanimously adopted, and directed to
be presented to Sir Peter Hesketh Fleetwood, Bart., and
Sir Henry Bold Hoghton, Bart., the lords of the manor, re-
questing their co-operation in the,attainanent of this impor-
tant object, which we have no doubt will be readily obtained.
—Preston Chronicle.

SIR JOHN GERARD'S HOUNDS.—A fine stag was
un-
carted near Mr. Bretherton's estate, at Rainhill, the other
day. The hounds were put on in a short time after, when a
gallant run of about 10 miles took place, after which the
noble animal found refuge in a garden, and was safely
secured. There were about 50 gentlemen in scarlet; many
from LivelTool, Warrington, &c.; also a great display of
the beauty and fashion of the county.
CAUTION TO BUILDERS.—Mr. Rushton, surveyor of
buildings, appeared on Friday, at the police-office, to prefer
a complaint against Mr. Ellis, architect, for an offence against
the building improvement act. The surveyor stated that Mr.
Ellis was putting in some window fronts in Berry-street,
which exceeded the size laid down by the act, without the
support of an iron story-post, after having been served with
notice so to do. A letter from Mr. Ellis was put in and
read, from which it appeared that the omission of a story-
post was inadvertent, and that the work had proceeded nearly
to completion before notice had been served ; and notwith-
standing the want of a story-post, the beam which supported
the superstructure was sufficient to bear ten times the weight
which it sustained. Mr. John Longrig, clerk to Mr. Ellis,
stated that the beams were put in under the direction of Mr.
Ellis, four months ago, and that the surveyor had notice of
the building before the alteration 'was made, and that there
had been no objection to the beams or the state of the work
until the 30th of November, when the work was nearly com-
pleted, when Mr. Ellis received notice that he must insert a
story-post ; the superstructure was perfectly secure. Mr.
Rushton (the surveyor) said that he had served Mr. Ellis
with a notice, immediately upon learning that it was not his
intention to insert a story-post. As to the safety of the
building this was questionable, as the iron beam which sup-
ported the superstructure might be honey-combed. Mr.
Rushton (the magistrate) ordered a story-post to be inserted
within fourteen days.

Suspicious CASE.—Several letters have been received in
this town from parties professing to reside in London, con-
veying orders for the purchase of goods, produce, &c. to be
supplied from this port to the Isle of Man, Jersey, or Ham-
burg, and it is to be feared that some of our townsmen have
been caught in this trap. Any description of goods or pro-
duce is suited to the taste of the writers of the letters ; for
instance, one house is requested to send soap and glass bot-
tles ; another tin plates; a third, coffee, turpentine, and
flour, and so on, taking in nearly the whole catalogue of com-
merce and trade. Now, what appears very remarkable in
this case is, that similar letters are written from Liverpool,
by a firm of precisely the same style, to various ports of the
kingdom with similar orders, but often more extensive, as
they include Yorkshire, Lancashire, as well as other manu-
factured articles suited to every market in the world. As
there is no such firm known in Liverpool as the one assumed
for this splendid plan of operation, there is some suspicion
that all is not right, so that those who are honoured with the
favours of suoli correspondents may be on their guard.—Cor-
respondent of the Albion.
CITY OF DUBLIN STEAM COMPANY.—We understand
that the City of Dublin Steam-packet Company have de-
-6,-I,ed on laying down two new steamers immediately, to run,
in conjunction with their unrivalled vessels the Prince and
Princess, to and from Kingstown. As the utmost speed that
dan be obtained is determined on without regard to expense,
the contracting parties are bound, under heavy penalties, to
construct them to outstrip any sea-going steamer afloat ; and
it is confidently anticipated • that the average passages will
not exceed nine hours.

INQUEST.—On Tuesday, the Bth instant, an inquest was
held at Upholland, on the body of Margaret Gaskell, a child
three years old. Her death was occasioned by her clothes
taking fire on the 1901' ultimo.- It happened early in the
morning, whilst the mother of the deceased had gone up
stairs to take her husband a light, leaving the deceased and
her little brother, a few years older, below. As soon as the
mother's back was turned, the deceased took a match, no
doubt in imitation of her mother, to light it, by which she
set tire to her clothes. Her screams immediately brought
her father to her assistance, who put out the flames, but not
before she had been very badly burned upon her belly and
breast. A surgeon attended the deceased until Sunday, the
Gth instant, when she died. Verdict, " accidental death."
INQUEST.—On Thursday, the 11th instant, an inquest was
held at Golborne, in the parish of Winwick, on view of the
body of George Edwardson, whose death was occasioned by
severe burns, caused by the explosion of inflammable air in
the coal mine in which the deceased and his brother were
working on Tuesday morning last. Both of them went to
their work on that morning, and the deceased's brother knew
that there was foul air in his place of work ; but the deceased,
was not at all apprehensive of anything of the kind in the
place where he had to work ; consequently the deceased took
a naked candle, whilst his brother used the safety lamp.
The latter immediately found that his place was so full of in-
flammable air that he could not work, and at the same mo-
ment he heard an explosion in his brother's place, upon
which he went back to the waggon road, and there met the
deceased running towards the pit eye, shockingly burnt all
over his body. He was immediately wound up, and went
home. A surgeon was sent for, who dressed his burns, but
he only lived two days. Verdict, " accidental death."

-------
AN OLD SERVANT.—OD Tuesday, John Yates, the cap-
tain of one of the Warrington and Rnncorn packet-boats,
terminated his mortal career, in the 74th year of his age.
He had been a faithful and diligent servant to the Old Quay
Company for no less a period than sixty-four years. Few
men in his situation in life were more respected, and he died
deeply regretted by a number of relations and friends.—
Manchester Courier.

EXPORT OF MANUFACTURED GOODS TO THE UNITED
STATES.—rhe export of manufactured goods to the principal
ports in the United States is now more extensive than it has
been at any period for the last twelve months. The packet-
ship England, which sailed on Wednesday, for New York,
and the packet-ship Garrick, which sailed yesterday, for the
same port, had freights amounting to nearly £l3OO. The
Susquehana, which sailed on Wednesday, for Philadelphia,
had a full freight; while the traders to Boston and Baltimore
fill well.—Albion.

NEW FRUIT SIIOP.—By an advertisement which will be
found elsewhere, it will be seen that a new fruit warehouse
has been opened at the corner of Clayton-square. The pre-
mises are well situated for business, and the articles appear
of first rate quality.

LIVER TREATRE.--A drama of great interest, new to the
Liverpool public, was produced here last night with perfect
success. Mr. Elton was well received, and will become a
leading favourite. His acting was very fine. In our next
we shall notice the drama at length. Charles O'Malley has
lost none of its interest.

MRS. ST. ALBIN'S CONCERT.—Mrs. St. Albin's concert
at Warrington, is expected to be one of the most brilliant,
and fashionable of the season. An array of talent, as an-
nounced in the bills, will give the supporters of the " sweet
science" an idea of the attraction to be offered.
THE MISSES SWAIN'S CONCERT.—The Misses Swain,
very charming singers, have announced a concert to take
place in Liverpool,in a short time, in our next we shall draw
attention to the programme.

THE THREE CARACCI.—Mr. Buchanan, with his accus-
tomed liberality and his enthusiasm and love for the fine arts,
has reduced the price of admission to see his beautiful pictures.
The reduced rate commences at five o'clock in the evening ;
this will enable the labouring classes to see these pictures.
This will be really a boon to many, and a most disinterested
act, as, if half Liverpool were to visit them at this rate, Mr.
Buchanan would not be more than remunerated.
CALIGRAPHY.—The acquirement' of writing well is most
essential to all persons engaged in business ; an easy, free,
and bold hand, is very easily acquired when a good master is
engaged to give instruction. We do not know any one we can
recommend with greater confidence than Mr. Thompson : he
has been many years established in this town, and has had
pupils of every degree under him.

CHRIST CHURCH BRANCH OPERATIVE PROTESTANT
ASSOCIATION.—Last evening a very numerous meeting was
held in the Sunday School, Christian-street, attached to
Christ Church, for the purpose of forming a branch associa-
tion for this district of the Operative Protestant Association.
The Rev. G. Mansfield, curate of Christ Church, took the
chair, and addressed the meeting at considerable length on
the necessity for the establishment of a Protestant Association
for the district on the principle of self-defence against the
stealthy aggressions of Popery. The Rev. H. Carpenter,
the Rev. Peter Brown, the Rev. Fielding Ould, Mr. John
A shbrook, and several others afterwards addressed the meet-
ing in very interesting speeches. All the resolutions were
unanimously carried, and there is every prospect that the
Protestant Association thus formed will be one of the most
valuable in the town. The meeting did not separate till
after ten o'clock.

•
PROFESSOR SCHWEITZER'S LECTURES ON GERMAN LI-
TERATURE.—AIthough it is not in our power, from want of
space, to furnish our readers with anything like a report of
the admirable lectures of Professor Schweitzer, now in course
of delivery at the Lyceum, we can assure them they are highly
interesting and instructive. The fourth lecture will be deli-
vered to-day. We strongly recommend not only those who
are commencing the study of German, but those who are
proficients in it, to pay the intelligent professor a visit.
- -

MArtcus's SNUFF WAREROUSE.—Our readers, passing
along Church-street, will no doubt be much struck
with the
new and very handsome shop just opened at the corner of
Parker-street, as a segar and snuff shop. This establish-
ment, we trust, will prosper, and from its very excellent
situation, there is very little doubt that it will become the
most frequented boutique in the trade. Mr. Marcus has
been many years known to the advertising portion of the
community, from his connection with the Liverpool Chro-
nicle, from his kindness and attention, and his ever readiness
to oblige all those who may be engaged with him in business,
we are confident in wishing him success we shall only echo
the desire of all his friends.

The Earl of Thanet has accepted the lord-lieutenancy of
the county of Kent, vacant by the death of the Marquis
Camden.

SUBSCRIPTION CONCRRTS.—Mr. Ashton deserves the
thanks of the public for his spirit, enterprize, and we may
say courage, in taking the management of these very delightful
entertainments. It is an old and trite adage that all cannot
he pleased, but we believe there will be found but few to

caval at his arrangements. The progremme for tht
concert will be out in a few days ; it is replete with excellence
and good taste, and cannot fail to give every body satisfaction.
These concerts ought to be supported by all who have any
pretentions to taste, and these who find fault should cherish
rather a wish to promote than impede musical science.

TRE.—The "lion king" and his subjects have
been re-engaged at the Amphitheatre, and are. drawing " the
lieges " in. On Friday there was a very full house indeed.
His worship the mayor will patronise the entertainments to-
morrow evening. On Friday Mr. Carter will take his bene-
fit ; and on Monday, Mr. W. J. Hammond will make his
appeal to his friends ;—that appeal will not be in vain we feel
quite confident : we expect that a very strong muster will be
made in his favour ; he is one who at all times deserves sup-
port ; and now that his fortunes, from his unlucky Lon-
don speculation in Drury-lane, are not of the brightest, we
do hope and trust that such a move will be made by his
many admirers as shall make him exclaim—
" Friends have so come round me
I could bear my woes again."
The entertainments are most excellently selected.
INQUESTS.—On Saturday an inquest was held before Mr.
Curry, on view of the body of Mr. George Bustard, a locker
in the Customs, aged 52 years. It appeared from the evi-
dence, that on Friday night, about six o'clock, a police-offi-
cer, on duty in Dale-street, was told by a woman that a man
who was very drunk was standing against a post at the top
of Manchester-street. He went up, and found him as des-
cribed. He asked deceased where he lived, but received no
answer. He took him to the bottom of Hatton-garden, and
there left him, as he appeared then to be able to walk. Ten
minutes after he heard that a man was lying drunk on the
flags at the bottom of Dale-street, and on going up, found it
was the same individual he had before seen. He spoke to
the deceased, but received no reply. The deceased could not
stand. He got assistance, and procured a hand-cart, and
took him to Vauxhall bridewell, taking the cart on the para-
pet, so as not to shake him. The deceased was placed in the
corner of a room, in a sitting posture. Shortly afterwards
the keeper of the bridewell, who had received the deceased,
and booked him for safety as being drunk, observed him
foaming at the mouth, and sent for a doctor, who also con-
sidered him drunk, and applied the stomach-pump, and af-
terward stimulants to restore him ; but without effect, as he
never rallied nor spoke, and died in about an hour after be-
ing brought in. Mr. Deane, the surgeon who attended him
from the time he was called in until he died, stated that on
a post mortem examination, he found the brain congested,
and was of opinion that the deceased died from apoplexy.
Verdict accordingly.—[lt did not appear that the fit of which
the deceased died was caused by excessive drinking ; and it
was stated to us (though not in evidence) that the deceased
was-seen shortly before he was taken to bridewell perfectly so-
ber, and that he had only taken a little wine that afternoon.]
—An inquest was held on Saturday before Mr. Curry, on view
of the body of Marmaduke Bateman. The deceased was a
twine-spinner, and was 69 years of age. He appeared to be
quite well on Thursday, and was at his work during the day.
At night he went to bed • his grandson, aged 7 years, who
slept in the sam, bed, had gone before him. In the morning
when the child c.:ine down stairs, he said his grandfather was
very cold all night. No notice was taken of this at the time,
but as the deceased did not come down at his usual hour, his
son went up stairs to his room, and found him in bed quite
dead. Verdict, died by the visitation of God.—An inquest
was held on Friday before Mr. Curry, on view of the body
of Elizabeth Evans, aged 67. The deceased, who lived in
Cheapsidc, was ascending the steps of a neighbour's house,
about a week ago, whom she was going to visit, when she fell,
and hurt her thigh. She was unable to walk, and was carried
home, where she lingered until Thursday, when she died.
Mr. Horrocks, surgeon, . attended her during her illness.
When called on, he found her in an almost fainting state ;
and believed, on examining her, that she had received a frac-
ture on the neck of the left thigh-bone. He was of opinion
that the injury, and the shock consequent upon a debilitated
constitution, was the cause of death. Verdict accordingly,
accidental death.

PHITII

CORRESPONDENCE,

PASTORAL AID SOCIETY.

TO TIIE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD

SlR,—Although you have expressed your intention of ex-
cluding from your columns all further communications on
this subject excepting those of an " official character," and
therefore declined inserting Mr. Clark's last letter of the
9th of December, yet, as that letter has appeared in the Mail,
accompanied with some notes of a corresponding character,
and as I conclude that Mr. Lawrence (who is the only per-
son who can be properly considered as the " official" organ
of the society at Liverpool) will not consider it necessary,
after his very able, gentlemanly, and truly Christian letter,
to take any further notice of Mr. Clark, or of his gratuitous
and unfounded assertions, I hope I may succeed in inducing
you to break through your rule, by giving a place in your
columns to the following observations, which the perusal of
Mr. Clark's letter has called forth ; particularly requesting
that you will, at the same time, as an act of fairness towards
Mr. Clark, insert his letter also, as well as place another
copy of Mr. Lawrence's in juxta position by the side of it;
so that your readers may have an opportunity of judging for
themselves of the spirit exhibited by the several advocates.
" By their fruits ye shall know them," is a text given by in-
fallible wisdom.

But to proceed with Mr. Clark's letter. Passing by the
vainglorious egotism with which it commences, when he
speaks of the misunderstanding " between ME and the Pas-
toral Aid Society,"—" Ego et rex meus ."'—we find the fol-
lowing qu ,tation from Mr. Lawrence's letter, in italics :
" 7'he Pastoral Aid Society is ready to assist those who
agree with her in principle; the additional curate's fund
will afford scope for the liberality, or supply funds for the
necessities, of her friends!' This Mr. Clark, strangely
enough, construes into an admission by Mr. Lawrence that
the society is established " for party purposes !" overlooking
the fact, that if the charge applies to the one society, it must
be equally applicable to the other; for Mr. Lawrence, in the
true spirit of Christian candour, applies the same language
exactly to both. But having jumped to this conclusion, Mr.
Clark next proce6ds a step further, and asserts that " the
party purposes" which he has gratuitously imputed to the
Pastoral Aid Society, leads its committee to confine their
nt exclusively to those of the clergy, whom he is

pleased to designate by the name of " Simeonites ;
whom Mr. Clark seems to glory in entertaining the same
opinions as those expressed by the editor of the Mail, who
thinks the term as properly applicable to them, as the name
of " Puseyite" is to the party who hold the doctrines of the
Oxford Tracts. Not satisfied, however, with these two as-
s o mptions, Mr. Clark proceeds to take a third leap, by as-
serting that the doctrines held by these despised " Simeon-.
ites,' are of such a peculiar and unscriptural nature as ac-
tually to amount to " heresy !" Now, sir, I call on Mr.
Clark to prove these three assertions, or any one of them, if
he can. Mr. Lawrence's letter most certainly affords no
support to any of them. All he says is, that each of the two
societies is ready to assist those who " agree with her in prin-
ciple." And is there not a well known and acknowledged
" principle," I ask, on which the two societies " agreed to
differ" from their commencement, totally irrespective of doc-
trine, namely, the employment of lay agents; the adoption
or rejection of which, by either, cannot have the slightest
affinity whatever to " heresy," or the least tendency to affect
its character as " a church society ?" Mr. Clark either had
read the rules of the Pastoral Aid Society before he sought
its ail, or he had not. If he had not read them, he has acted
in a very careless and unjustifiable manner, in a matter of so
much importance as that of obtaining spiritual assistance for
his parishioners. If he had read them, then his application
to the society, with the sentiments which, he now publicly
avows, could only be intended as an insult, or a trap to get
it into an altercation with him, either for the purpose of di-
minishing its usefulness, or obtaining for himself an unenvi-
able notoriety, or both.

With regard to the " Additional Curates' Society," I
have no desire to pursue Mr. Clark's spirit, by setting it in
an invidious and unchristian opposition to the other ; but
this I may be permitted to say, that if the Pastoral Aid
Society, had no other claim on Mr. Clark's gratitude, as
well as that of the members of the Established Church
generally, it has at least that one, that it was the original
cause of the establishment of the other society : for the
" Additional Curates' Society" never had any existence, nor
was even in contemplation, until it was called into being by the
establishment of the Pastoral Aid Society. And when Mr. Clark
triumphantly asserts, that " the committee of the Curates' fund
makes no inquiry as to the " opinions" of the clergy they
pay ;" neither, I would desire to inform him, do the com-
mittee of the Pastoral Aid Society : but they do think it
their duty to inquire into the " doctrines," which they hold,
and which they are to be the instruments in sending them
forth to teach : for this their subscribers expect them to do :
the single object of the society, and for which it was ex-
pressly instituted, being, to extend the means of sound
scriptural instruction, according to the articles, homilies, and
liturgy, of the Church of England, throughout the length
and breadth of this professedly Christian land ; but which
Mr. Clark is pleased to designate as " Simeonitish heresy."
(See Acts 24, 11.) And this precaution I trust the com-
mittee of the " Additional Curates Fund" do not overlook.
I would heartily desire, with Mr. Lawrence, to " bid God
speed" to both societies ; and the only rivalry I would wish
to see between them is, that they should strive more and
more to " provoke each other to love, and to good works"—
and he is not the friend of either, or the true desciple of the
master, whom he professes to serve (Rom. 16, 17,) who would
endeavour to stir up any ungodly jealousy between them.

name of Simeon, and his attempt to connect it with any
As to Mr. Clarks contemptuous allusion to the venerable
" heresy," I dare not trust myself to express my
thingfeelinglsikoen the occasion. That honoured name, though long
cast out by the " ungodly" and the " scoffer," as a term of
reproach, can now, blessed be God ! reflect disgrace only on
him, who can have the hardihood so to apply it. He was
raised up, in the dark days of the church, as an humble in-
strument in the hands of the Almighty, to revive her true
doctrines in the midst of us. His value was confessed by
the universal respect with which his remains were followed to
the grave ; and, though dead, he yet speaketh," through the
lips of many hundreds of excellent ministers, not only in this
country, but throughout the globe, whose privilegeit was to sit
at his feet, and hear from his mouth the sound scriptural doc-
trines of the glorious gospel of the grace of God. Mr. Clark, it is
plain, is not to be included amongst that number ; and I
doubt very much, whether he ever heard Mr. Simeon preach,
although be assumes the right to sit in judgment on his doc-
trines, and call them " heresy ;" for Mr. Clark, if I am
correctly informed, did not receive his education at the Uni-
versity of Cambridge, (which was the field of Mr. Simeon's
labours), but at St. Bees, under the late Dr. Ainger.—l am,
Sir, yours, very faithfully,

A LAY MEMBER,
Of the Pastoral Aid Society.
P. S.—l leave my name with you, although I have no
desire that it should appear in the public papers.

THE PASTORAL AID SOCIETY

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.
have, just received a copy of your paper published
on the 4th instant, containing a letter from the Rev. W. C.
Lawrence, on which letter I will trouble you with a few,
very few remarks.

verything that has been said by him, by yourself, and
by your other correspondents, on the subject of the misun-
derstanding between me and the Pastoral Aid Society, has
been to me highly satisfactory ; because everything so ad-
vanced has had a tendency to disabuse the public mind with
regard to the principles and operations of the society.
Mr. Lawrence says that " there are different views of
church principles entertained among churchmen." " The
Pastoral Aid Society is ready to assist those who agree with
her in principle; the Additional Curates Fund will afford
scope for the liberality, or supply funds for the necessities,
of her friends. Now, air, this is speaking plainly : this is
the kind of honest admission which we have a right to expect
from a respectable clergyman like Mr. Lawrence. But why
has not the society spoken out as plainly as this honest,
straightforward local secretary ? Why has not the society
confessed that it is established for party purposes ? Why
has it not acknowledged that it will only employ Simeonites,
of whom I entertain precisely those opinions which you have
expressed (in language stronger than I should use myself)
with respect to the more orthodox members of the church?
Why this system of deception ? Why this concealment of
the truth hitherto, which I, whom you will call a semi-
Papist, should regard as a truly Papistical method of obtain-
ing money from persons who would not have given it were
the objects of the society honestly avowed ?
If the Pastoral Aid Society had declared its character, in
stead of concealing it ; if, instead of assuming to itself the

appellation of a church society, it had avowed (what its ac-
credited local secretary has so candidly asserted) that it was
established for party purposes, I should certainly never have
applied to it for aid. But the Additional Curates Society,
acts strictly in accordance with its professions : it is a soci-
ety for providing an income for curates in places where they
ire required ; and it is nothing more. It is not formed to
'upport a party, but it is formed to aid the church; and it
- because I found that some Simeonite clergy had obtained
`s from that society, and had appointed Simeonites as
,neir curates, that I applied to the Pastoral Aid Society,
expecting it to act as fairly on its professed principles as the
—;ftee of the Curates Fund had done. The committee
Fund make no inquiry as to the opinions of
•y pay ; they know not whether the curates hold
or renounce the Si►neonitish heresy; they leave it entirely to
the incumbent to appoint, and to the diocesan to approve of,
the curate. I 'lave thought it necessary to say this in be-
half of the Additional Curates Society. According to the
confession of the local secretary, and according to its prin-
ciple of action, the Pastoral Aid Society will henceforth be
regarded as a party society, and no one not holding the
Sitnconitish heresy will, I presume, apply to it for assistance.
The Curates Fund belongs to no party. To have produced
this confession is an ample repayment for the trouble to
which I have been put. It has, moreover, been discovered
by the correspondence which has taken place, that the curates
paid by the Pastoral Aid Society are, like the lay agents,
strictly speaking, servants of the society—bound to treat
their masters with respect--not permitted to regard a society
of which a layman is the president, and which recognises no
ecclesiastical jurisdiction, as a lay society. It has also been
confessed that no one not swearing allegiance to the princi-
ples of the society (none having been avowed, though Sime-
onitism is implied) ought to apply for its aid.
I do not quarrel with the, society for thus proclaiming its
party views and objects. I readily admit that henceforth
none but a Simeonite ought to apply for aid ;—but while the
society professed to be guided, not by Simeonite, but by
church principles, I contend I was justified as a churchman,
though opposed to the Simeonite heresy, in seeking its as-

COMM
of the Cu
the clergy th

I am, sir, your obedient servant,
JOHN CLARK
Grove Villa, Hunslet, Dec. 9th, 1840.

ASSOCIATION OF ASSISTANT TRADESMEN OF
LIVERPOOL.

Last evening a meeting of the assistants engaged in all
branches of trade in Liverpool, was held in the Clarendon-
rooms, South John-street, for the purpose of forming an
association for the progressive and uniform curtailment of
the hours of business.

Mr. FLOWER having been called to the chair,—He said,
that the errors in the management of retail trade, in this
country, had for a long period been a subject of great consi-
deration in his mind. It was,not the business of that meeting
to dwell upon those errors in general, but to ,:clvert to the
head and front of them all, viz., the hours of attendance.
The evils of those long hours were manifested in a melancholy
way, in the decay of health and, he was sorry to say, in the
laxity of morals, amongst a large proportion of the assistants.
These manifestations were most perceptible where the regu-
lations were most severe ; and the contrary was the case
where the regulations were the reverse. It was their duty,
certainly, to respect the means by which they lived; they
must respect the business which affords them subsistence.
Business he looked upon as a means of living, and not as the
end for which we lived. One of the purposes of the Creator
towards man, was, that he should earn his own subsistence •,
and it was a wise dispensation which made our lives lives of
labour. We, therefore, laboured in the first instance for onr
subsistence • but it must not be forgotten that we had other
duties of a higher grade to perform. It must not be forgot-
ten that our duties, intellectual and moral, which were the
bond of social happiness, the link between man and his Cre-
ator, were superior to all others. Amongst their duties he
had no hesitation in, saying there was none more sacred than
that which they owed to their employers. On the present
occasion they had not met to conspire against the interests
of their employers, but, on the contrary, by every fair, up-
right, and honourable means, to strive to diminish the hours
of labour, and, in that diminution, to serve the interests of
their employers. (Hear.) Their object in seeking to obtain
more time, was, to make themselves more efficient for the
discharge of their duties—not to induce idleness or drunken-
ness, as some had said. They had been told that if more
time were allowed to the assistants, it would all be spent
at .the alehouse—that they would seek their enjoyment
at the brewer's tap, rather than at the fountain of wis-
dom and knowledge. Considering the very little oppor-
tunity afforded them for improvemeat, he contended
that very honourable instances had been shown that the re-
verse of this statement was the case. Amongst a large body
of men it certainly could not be expected that all should be
perfect; but be believed that the great majority of them had
been what they ought to have been. (Hear.) He had not a
doubt that if more time were given them, and if their minds
were cultivated in that time, not only would their employers
and themselves, but the country at large would benefit by
the cultivation of so much mind which was at the present
wasted and lost to the world: (Hear.) There had been a
time when the institutions of the country were supposed to
be supported by the ignorance of the people, and when the
fear was that if they were taught those institutions must fall.
It was now confidently believed on the other hand, that the
institutions of their country had their best support in the in-
telligence of the people ; and he did not mind risking a sneer
or a smile, and saying that, among so many minds as were
shut up under the regulations of the late and present race
of shopkeepers, there might be some such as John Locke and
Lord Bacon, perhaps a Shakspeare or Milton, perhaps a
Byron, a Campbell or a Tom Moore. Why not ? God had
not given mind to station, but he had given minds which
should command the station, provided they were cultivated.
The mind having been given, it was the business and duty
of man to cultivate it. It was a talent, not to wrapped in a
napkin, and laid by, but to be used. If we were prepar-
ing for a better state, which was all intelligence, and if
the regulations to which the assistants were subjected,
Were such as to frustrate the design of the Creator, surely,
there was no wrong in their endeavouring to alter those re-
gulations. It was far from his wish, and from the wish of
the gentlemen who co-operated with him in the undertaking,
to preach up anything like insubordination. Their object,
as he had said before, was to do good, not only to themselves,
but to their employers, and generally to the whole world.

The regulations of which they complained wt.
olden time, when a man was considered to be e ;
could read, write, and cast up a column of figures.
who could do these was considered good enough for any busi-
ness—the whole object of a man of business being to accu-
mulate money—to earn a living—that was all. Making a
fortune was no more than earning a living in a larger sense.
Certainly the purposes of God were not answered, nay, they
might be defeated, if we all lived for such an object. The
education now looked upon as necessary for man, was such
as should make him acquainted with nature in as many of her
operations as the time of man could make him acquainted
with, and therefore to make him an honour to his Maker.
But that could not be done without the application of suffi-
cient time; and with these views, a few friends and himself
had formed an association, the object of which was, exclus-
ively, to obtain an amendment in the present regulations of
business as regards the hours of attendance. From time to
time there had been public meetings of the assistants for the
purpose of appealing to their employers, but experience had
taught them that applications to their employers were useless
without they were accompanied by the co-operation of the
public. It was utterly impossible, for instance, to get any-
thing approaching unanimity
among such a numerous
body of men. One would be liberal, another sordid, and,
with the present competition in business, it was impossible
to get them all to consent to close their shops at a certain
time. But if the public would say to them,—" We will so
accommodate matters—we will so arrange our domestic af-
fairs as to perform this part of your business within certain
hours"—the employers would be most ready to accede to
that ; but it could not be done by calling a single meeting, or
by having the proceedings of that meeting reported in the
public newspapers, and then ceasing their exertions. It was
only to be effected by a constant, never-ceasing course of
appeals, which could only be carried on by a regularly or-
ganized society, and such society he hoped would arise out of
that meeting. Among the plans they proposed, provided
their funds admitted of it, was that of having a course of pub-
lic lectures on this subject. These lectures to be addressed—
the first to the assistants; the second to their employers;
and the third to the public. Another of the proposed opera-
tions was, to petition the mayor and council of the town for
their co-operation. A third of their plans was, to petition
and apply to the Members of Parliament. A fourth to appeal
to the clergy. And last of all to appeal to the public, again,
again and again. (Cheers.) They might, perhaps, eventu-
ally have to apply to Parliament; bat he hoped that would
not be necessary. They had already experienced the valuable
kindness and aid of the press in their cause; and they had
every reason to believe that this liberality, based as it was
upon justice, would still be exercised on their behalf. It
had been their own fault, or, rather, their own want of ex-
perience which had delayed
so long the acquisition of the
great boon they sought, They had called meetings of their
own trades • but that would not:do. It was not likely that
the closing of shops in one line would be sufficient ;
to accomplish the object the practice should be adopted by
all, and it was for the Public to remember this fact. The
thing had been done in Edinburgh, it had been better done
in Dublin, and it had been tolerably well done in Manchester :
but still not to the extent that it ought. There was good
authority for saying that no man should not work longer than
the mechanic, namely ten hours a day, which was surely
long enough ; eight hours sleep was quite necessary, and six
hours for rest, recreation, and mental cultivation, was cer-
tainly not an overbearing demand. He trusted the meeting
would not separate without every one present enrolling him-
self a member of the association;and he sincerely wished that
the institution might succeed, more for their sakes than his
own. The chairman concluded by reading a series of resolu-
tions, unanimously passed at a meeting of assistants, in five
or six different trades, declaratory of all the principles of the
society.
Mr. CHARLES Wter.anto. then came forward and said,
that after the able address just made by the chairman, it
would not be necessary for him to enter into any details con-
nected with the object of the association. He felt that, in
taking the part which he was, he was usurping a place which
did not belong to him ; but he had been obliged to come for-
ward through the timidity of many of the assistants. That
timidity he traced to the long continued turmoil of business,
preventing them from having that time for application and
improvement which, under better management, they would
hale. That was the only apology he should offer in rising
to move the first resolution, which was as follows :
" That this meeting hails with unfeigned satisfaction the
formation of the Association of Assistant Tradesmen of
Liverpool,' and, entertaining high hopes that its object—
that of obtaining a gradual and uniform curtailment of the
hours of business—will tend largely to improve the health,
the morals, and the intelligence of the assistants, pledges
itself to co-operate with and to support that association, by
every means which shall not militate against the real and
permanent interests of the employers."
It appeared to him that there was nothing in this resolution
which could receive opposition from any of the true friends
of the assistants, or from their employers, if they had at
heart the real and permanent interests of their assistants.
They sought not by coercion to attain their object, but to
accomplish it by reason and argument. They bad no wish
to go in opposition to their employers, but they felt bound
to say, that the same amount of business would be done in
nine hours as was new extended over fifteen or sixteen.
(Hear.) If this could be accomplished, why should they be
c .ntined so long to business, wearying the mind, corrupting
the morals, and blinding their perceptions ? 'Why was this
but because they did not make an effort to rescue themselves
from their state of moral slavery and degradation ? He
trusted, therefore, that all who had heard the resolution,
and who had at heart the interest of themselves and of gene-
rations yet unborn, would rally round the association, and
give their support to it, not only by their voices, but by their
subscriptions. That the health of the assistants was injured
by the present long hours of business, was evident; for,
on reference to the official statistics of the country, it
would be found that the mortality, or early death,
among shopkeepers' assistants in this country was gr-
than among any other portion of the community. Was not
this a convincing proof that the present long hours were in-
jurious ; and was it not, therefore, a duty to themselves to
make an effort to alleviate their distresses? (Hear.) That
the morals of the assistants were impaired by the present
system was also evident; that their intelligence was injured
was still more evident than the two first, for if the assistant
had not time to study he could not possess that information
and intelligence which he would had he the necessary time.
When they knew that the same amount of business could
be done if the hours were relaxed, it was their duty
to make an effort for the shorter Period, not
by a single meeting, but by constant agitation. (Hear.)
This resolution called on the fleeting to co-operate in the
formation of the association. on and co-operation amongst
