BEER BILL

A T. a MEETING held on TIMRSIDAT last, at Mr. CHAR Lys
1-1.. SirAnT's, the Union Tavern, .Sri T.lionias's-bui_ding,i,
4 the Licensed .Vietuatlers of this Town
it was resolved,--That a Committee ? appointed to receive
any evidence which mac be bioug eforo them ton .hing the
ceit, operations of the ECerJ3ill.
The Committee respectfully inform the 13(11 v ill
7
sit dail (Sunday excepted) between the •s; tr,i",".
Four o'clock in the Afternoon, at the algt ' '4*.i.o4.pf. ' .1
I
to carry the above-mentioned resolutio 3. ti tIiWC irP
.c.
also particularly request the earliest inforrizigiin'olan'estvhicc;
it not being► known how soon the ConunitteC'.the ilott,e: •
Commons, now sitting to inquire into att,-.T:ffe;Ll of the'ssa4'.l
Bill, will terminate. ..' . ' . :::: .--•
.."
.. :' . ~ :8.
. Licerpol, Apil 26, 1833. ...,, , - ""..

Emptrial Parlianunt.

HOUSE OF LORDS.

THURSDAY, APRIL 25.
SLAVERY,

The Bishop of Hereford presented a petition from Hagley, in
Shropshire, for the entire and immediate abolition of slavery.
Similar petitions were presented by the Duke of Richmond,
fr,mt Waterford ; by the Duke of Norfolk, from a parish in
York ; by Lord Suffield (50 petitions), from several places in
England and Wales ; by Lord Dundas, from Hereford; by
Lord Barham, front Tunbridge, 'rudely, and Uppingham ; by
Lord Sefton, front Hindley, Lancashire; by Earl Grey (for the
Earl of Durham, from some places in that county ; by the Duke
or Cleveland (four petitions), from places in the county of Dur-
ham; by the Earl of Morley (37 petitions), from several places
in Devonshire. They were read, and ordered to lie on the table.
The Duke of Norfolk presented a petition from the master and
wardens of the corporation of cutler; in Sheffield, for regulat-
ingthe hours of working children in factories.
ord SUFFILLD gave notice (we did not hear whether for to-
morrow or Monday) that he would present a petition relative to
tithes in the parisli of Uttoxetcr.

COMPANY OF APOTHECARIES.

The Earl of RosEBERY presented a petition from the medical.
practitioners of Manchester, complaining that though licentiates
of the Royal College of Edinburgh, they were prevented by the
apothecaries' act from practising as apothecaries, unless by li-
cense from the apothecaries' company. The noble earl said that
he understood this subject had attracted the attention of govern-
ment, and that it was intended to bring in a bill to remedy the
evil complained of.
Earl GREV presented a petition from a parish in Ireland for
-The amendment of the Irish grand jury laws ; also a petition
from a parish in the county of Devon tor regulating the hours
of labour in factories.

LOCAL JURISDICTIONS BILL.

Lord LYNnuuRsT presented petitions from the commissioners
of the Court of Requests, and from the merchants, traders, and
others, of Kingston-upon-Hull, complaining that by the 10th
clause of the local jurisdictions bill, the jurisdiction of the Court
of Requests in that town would be destroyed.
The LORD CHANCELLOR said the subject to which these very
respectable parties referred was deserving the attention of the
/Aryan. There were many of these local jurisdictions in the
country, with respect to which it would be necessary to make
soine regulations. There were 289 of these courts, the authori-
ty of many of which had fallen quite into desuetude, and some
of them into worse than desuetude, for it appeared that their
'system had been bad from their commencement. There were
a,rue, however, whose jurisdiction was better arranged, and
iClich, therefore, it would be prudent to continue. It was his
intention to introduce a clause to this effect in the committee on
the local jurisdictions bill.
The Earl of RODEN presented a petition from (we believe)
Stirling, praying that in the Irish Church Reform Bill a clause
might be introduced, securing to what mightbe called the high-
land districts of Ireland the same advantages as were enjoyed
by- highland districts of Scotland, of receiving religious instruc-
tion in their vernacular tongue. The petitioners seemed to be
of opinion that by the Irish Church Reform Bill some improve-
'meta was intended with respect to religious instruction in Ire-
land, but they were mistaken,—nothing of the kind was in-
tended.
The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
The Earl of RODEN presented a petition from the master
and members of the Orange Lodge of Birmingham called
" Prince Ernest's Lodge, 2a3,"
"C praying that in the Irish
Church Reform Bill no clause might be introduced calculated
to impair the efficiency of the Protestant establishment in
Ireland.
Lord AUCKLAND said that the petition could be received only
Its that of the individuals by whom it was signed, without any
reference to its being from an Orange lodge.
The petition was laid on the table.—Adjourned.
FRIDAY.
CORN LAWS. - .

EMIL FITTWILLIAM gave notice, that he would on Tuesday
next lay on their lordship's table certain resolutions relative to
the corn laws, and that. he would take the debate on them on
the Tuesday following.
