THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

T LIASDAY.
The Bishop of.enrettssrbePresentell a petition from the in
habitantli of Chich'es'ter, (fraYiti ter a better obserViimie of the
tbath.
he Duke of Richbotkp ttli64oti-tnony to th'e respect:a birity
o'rltie signatures attaileab petitiOir.
The Right Rev. Prelate presented a iletition to the same ef-
fect from a parish in Sussex.
Similar. petitions .were presented by the Bishop of. Bristol
'from Cranbourne and other places; and by the Earl of Rotten
from the inhabitants a a parish ib. the ciiniity of LohdonderrY
from the members of the United Secession Church, in Abbey,
street, Dublin; from the inhabitants of Edmonton, in Middle-
sex ; front tike heritOrs and other inhabitants 'of a parish in Ar-
gyleshire ; and from the parish of Swinsby, in the county of
Derby.
. Lord KING -prebebted to. petition from the vestrymen and Other
inhabitants of the parish of Shadwell, PraYing for the repeal of
the house and window tax.
Lord -Presented a Sirailar petition Won:I-the ittlralirl:- •
tants of Marylebone, which had been adopted at a puhliebieet-
ing, and which was signed by ilbefllhoifsehdlders rttidelft ill Mit
parish. He trusted Majesty's Ministers *mild direct
their attention to this subject, and would reduce this tax, against
which a very strong feeling existed in Marylebone, as being un-
equal and unOtst, it they polsibty could.
The Earl of Roma lc presented a petition from a plate "in the
county of Caithness, praying their ford Ships to admit the people
of Scotland to The right of choosing their own pastors. '1 he no-
ble earl.presented a petition from tie parish of Swinsby, in Der-
byshire, praying the house to order a 'national thanksgiving.-
1 he noble eartalsopreSented a petition frOm the Rev. Sir Har-
court Lem 4, of lifackrock, in the county of Dublin, Which de-
precated the idea of a repeal of the union, praised the Irish dis-
turbance's bill, ussured their lordships that there would be no
peace in Ireland until-Roman 'Catholics were excluded from the
legislature, and finally called upon the house to take steps to
preserve the monarchy and the church from destruction, by re-
pealing the Catholic relief bill of 18-29.
Lori Wirtlkilth, in bringing forward and proposing to have
read a first time a bill to diminish expense and To VI-event delay
in trials in the courts of law, said that, as this bill had been on
a former occasion passed by their lordships, it would be uttne,'
cessary for him to trouble them with any-observations 'regarding
. it at present.
The bill wad then read a first time. . .
"On the inotionof Earl GREY, the trial of -offences Vreland)
!bill was read a third time, and passed.
On the motion of the Earl ot :a return was ordered •of
:the number,of applieatiOns matte to the Board of .Education, in
!Dyblin, for the establishment of new schools under their Sys-
Tem,. tir assiktauce for, schools already so .established ; 'and.
also a return•of the numberbf: applications that had been cora-
Vied with„.§tating the names of the sehbors, the religion of the
parties to which they belonged, Ste.-Attjourned.

COMMITTEE oF ,PRIVILEGES.
Loidarips.sat.in'a.comitittee.of
.privileges at 3 o'clock,
the Earl clf Shalteshury in the chair, assisted by the Marquis of
ClanricUrde, and Lurds BilenbrirOugh,-Reellesdate, liosslyh, Poi-
thuore, Bic.

THE - ROKEBY PREFAGE.
Mr. Serjeant said 'he atteniled.before their lord-
ships'to .suppbrt the Petition -bf Eißvdiel 'Barba ilinkeby, -who'
clanned.to vine for the tifripotal 'rePt6entative peers for .Ire-
land. He should commence by. rea4ii
.1,7 a resolution of their
lordship's house of the 17th of June, IMO, by which it -Would
be, shown-that the father of 'the present :petitioner 'was-adjudged
to have made out his .chtitn. He-shditid 'then prove the mar-
riage-of the deceased Baten, the birth Uf-the petitiOner, and the
identity of the parties.
Their lordships cane to a'resolutibn utljutiging that the peti-
tioner had established his claim.
FRIDAY.

Lord DACaR presented a. petitiOn 'froth the inhabitants of
Newport, in Mounaouthshire, prayitig for the abolition of
slavery, and similar 'petitions from the female inhabitants of
Newport, and from the United Association Secession Chuieh
of Stone.

The Earl of CADOGAN preiented a petition from the inha-
bitants of the parigi of St. Luke, Chelsea, signed by 5W trades-
men, shopkeepers, and other inhabitants, praying for a better
observance of the Sabbath.

Lord K.ING preSented a petition from a place in the county
of Meath, agamSt the coercive measure intended for Trelana,
and stating tnat if tithes were abolished, peace and good order
would at once be restored in that country. The noble lord
presented a petitition from the same place, praying that all
religious persuasions should be obliged to support their own
clergy.
'lnc Marquess of CHOI:MONDELEY ptetehted a petition from
a dissenting congregation in Trevor7squire, Knightsbridge,
praying for a better obierVance of the Saubath.
Lord KENYON
.presented a petition from a place in the,
county of York, in favour of a measure 'for regulating the
hours of labour of children in factories.

The Bishop of LICHFIELD and CoyExTuT presented peti-
tions, praying for a better observance of the Sabbath, trOm
Henley upon-Thames, from Clare and Oavendish, in Suffolk,
from Stratford, and from Ashbourne and several other places
in the county of Derby.
The Earl of IttiLIEN presented a petition froin a PlaCe in
Yorkshire, in favour of a Measure for regulating the nours of
labour of children in factories.
Lord SuFFiaLnpreselitcd h petition from Wells, in Norfolk,
'praying for a better observance of the Sabbath.
Lord 'BExi.Ev presented similar petitions from DcrOnport
and Plymouth, and irons the Uitivers►ty'and city of Oxford.
Adjourned to Monday.

HOUSE OF -COMMONS.

WEDNESDAY.--FivE O'CLOCK.
StCOi4D SITTNG-PUBLIC BUSINESS.

We have rarely witnessed more:public interest excited by
the hitioduction of any measure into parliament than seemed
to prevail on the expected motion of Lord Althorp, for the'
first reading in this House of the Bill for the suppression of
disturbances and illegal associations in Ireland. Long before
the'hour appointed
,(five o'clock) for the House to resume its
sittings, and to commence public business, every avenue and
approach to the gallery was crowded to such a degree,; that it
was with the utmost difficulty the constables could preserve a
clear passage fur the members and others, whose admission to
the house was necessary. The inconvenience and pressure of
this assemblage 'of persons was felt the more, as the gallery
Was not openetl at the •gsital hour, owing to Mr. O'Connell
having given notice ihat he would move a call of the House,
in'which, contrary to some expectation that he would forego
his motion, he steadily persevered. As we were not in tne
House' we can only describe from hearsay what took place
before the 'gallery was opened for the admission of strangei.s.
At five o'clock, as soon as the, house was formed, we under-
stood that Mr. O'Connell biought forward his motion, that the
hoUse' be called over, which was opposed by Mr. C. Wynn,
Who expressed a disposition to divide the house on the question;
but after all arrangements were made for the division, we un
derstood that none actually took place, Mr. Wynn having given
way in his opposition to tue general feeling amongst the 'great
bony of the members that the call'should take. place.
Ilse call was then proceeded with, and occupied until half-
past six o'clock, at which hour the gallery was opened, and
the rush of strangers was so great, that in an instant every
inch of its space was occupied.
On our admission we found Mr. WM. ROCHE, (as we under-.
stood,) 'addressing the house on a motion or resolution which
he had proposed, that there should be laid before 'the house
copies of ail official correspondence between the government
and the office of chief Secretary in Ireland, relating to the
disturbances in that country, since the Ist January, 1831.), to the
Ist, January, 1833.
Mr. STANLEY laid that he could Mot conceive the motive of
the hon. member in moving for the production of documents
such as those he applied for, or that tie was serious in moving
for them. Did the hon. member kuow the nature of the
papers for which he asked—a series of documents connected
with the official communications of the government and the
Chief Secretary's office in Ireland for three years ? The hon.
gentleman did not ask for abstracts even of these documents,
but for the details of all the outrages that have been in Ireland
'for three years. Why, it would be impossible to furnish such
documents, and if they were 'produced it would occupy six
months in the reading. of them, and it would take three years
to understand and (nest them. Go'erninent was going to
bring forward a measure—an arbitrary and unconstitutional
measure, he admitted—.(cheers) a measure that could only be
justified by the urgent necessity that 'called for it; but on that
necessity, and on the people cdEngland, ay, and the sound
part of the people of lreiand, the government were prepared
to rest for their justification. His bon. friend (Lord Althorp)
would that night state the case of the government to the house.
That case the government was bound to bear out to the satis-
faction of parliament,- or it had no claim to the arbitrary
powers for which it called. (Cheers.). But the documents for
Which the hon. member moved, if it were even possible 'to
supply them, would not afford the house the information that
his hon. friend would that night lay before it. Let the house
only look at the vast mass of papers then on the table of the
house, through which his hon. mend would have to proceed in
making out his case. He (Mr. Stanley) was most anxious for
the moment to arrive when that vase would be opened to the

house. Un did not wish it be postponed au instant. And if
tbe government should not be able to justify themselves and
the Measures they proposed to the house; their characters were
lost, both as men and as ministers. (Tremendous eheiring,
Aria lasted a eonsideittibM ffme from both -sidei cif th* house,
hilt chiefly from the op-position side.) -
Mr. Thos. ATTwoou addressed the house in support of the
motion, which on the suggestion of Mr. O'Connell was with-
drawn. .

-.--.
DISTURBANCES (IRELAND) BILL.
On the motion of Lord ALTHOM., the 'order of the -dal: for ttre
first reading of the bill for the suppression of disturbances in Ire-
land was read.
Lord ALTHORP said, that he was fnUyiensible-of the difficulty
of his situation when he was about to call upon the assembly he
was addressing
,to intrust ministers with the powers Which the
bill, the first reading of which it Wotild be his duty to conclude
with moving, would ann them with. The whole tenour of his
political life rendered it still more repugnant to his feelings to
conic forward in that house with such a propogition. Nothing
ecrulcl induce him to do soc-nothing could induce him to consent
to inch a proposition being brbnght forward on the part of a
-government of which he was a member, except the conviction
which was impressed upon his mind, and he might say upon the
minds of almost all, of its-alisolute necessity. It would, in order
to establish a case, be necessary for him to prove, first, that the
state of parts of Ireland was such as requir6l a remedy, and not
only that, but such as rendered almost any remedy that could be
propoged better than the continuance of that state; secondly,
he was 'bound to- prove that the ordinary law was insufficient to
provide a remedy • and, thirdly, he was bound to prove that the
provisions of the bill now upon the table of the house did furnish
a remedy. If he should be able to establish those three points,
he would, bethought, have trade out a case to justify the govern-
ment in calling for the present measure. He would now proceed
to 'State The cad& Whitt Tie flibUght would establish the three
points which he had adVerted to. With respect to the first point,
the state in which Ireland stood at present, the insecurity of life
and property which prevailed there, and which required the house
to interpose a remedy,—he did not know how he could better
enter upon this part of the subject than by stating a number of
cases of crime which had occurred in that country. The first
case to which he would refer was that of the murder of a man
untied Farrell, at Cagtle Coiner, in February last. A large body
of Men entered his house, and, in the words of the person who
gave the information, he was shot like a dog through the head.
The next case was the murder of a man named Potts, an engi-
rieetat a colliery near Kilkenny, in March. About eleven o'clock
in the forenoon, in the presence of nearly 20 persOns, and within
a quarter of a mile of the barracks in which the 50th regiment
were quartered, Tour men 'went up to and shot him, and then
walked deliberately away; and though this crime was committed
under the circumstances which he had stated, no attempt was
made to prevent its perpetration or to arrest the murderers. The
next case *as the murder of a person named Mana. Between
tenehtrd 'eleven o'clock in the forenoon he proceeded from his
residence to a carpenter's shop„ about a mile distant, in which
werewmfan -a. boy; three men followed him into the shop,
and fired 'it and Wounded him severely; they then knocked him
down and killed him with the but.end of their guns. The next
case Was the Murder of a man named Shee, at Cashel, on the
26thef-August. This person was in a room of a public-house,
'with two other men, when two men entered the room with their
faces blaCkened, and one of them dressed in women's clothes :
theyordered Shee to go on his knees, and instantly shot him.
dead. The 'noble lord went into a long, melancholy, and dis-
usting detail of the outrages which had been committed in Ire
-
land. The fact which he would next submit to'the house would
furnish an answer to the statement of the hon. member for Bir-
mingham,—namely, that the number of outrages committed
during the last year in Ireland was not greater than it was in
the preceding -year. He should be able to prove, by a compara-
tive statement, that the number of outrages had very much in-
creased during the last year. He would, in the first place, state
the number of-insurrectionary offences which were committed in
the province of Leinster during the whole of last year. The
number of murders was 163; of robberies 487: of burglaries and
attacks upon houses 1827 ; of burnings 191; of cattle houghings
70; of serious assaults upon the person 744; of illegal notices
913; and of injury to property 407. Havingniade a comparison
of the state of crime under the different heads which he had just
Mentioned in the threlplast months of the years 1829, 1830, 18.31,
1832, and the result Was as follows :

MURDERS.
'lO I 1831
15 1832
ROBBERIES.
