TO CORRESPONDENTS.

We should have been very glad to comply with the request
. of " A Subscriber," if we.' had received his communica-
tion a few hours sooner. It shall, however, be inserted on
Friday.

Zitnrpoot &taitbaria.

TUESDAY MORNING, APRIL 21, 1840.

We have been favoured with an extract of, a private
letter, dated Monte 'Video, Feb. 1, from which it ap-
pears that the French seamen had, at length, all em-
barked. It is said that the French had advanced, or
were about to advance 300,000 dollars to Rivera, that
he might assist Lavalle. It is also stated that the
French Admiral would leave in a few days, and that he
would take the greater number of his vessels to Buenos
Ayres, for which purpose he had lately landed naval
and military stores, among which were 1,500 muskets
and 24 battery guns,. twelve and twenty-four pound-
ers. Some thought that this was to precede the per-
manent possession of Monte Video. From Buenos
Ayres the accounts received at Monte Video were to
the isth of January. Nothing was said as to the rais-
ing of the blockade. The letter proceeds to say, "We
have just heard that Oribe has passed from Entre Rios
to this province, Rivera continues to take men for the
army, and this leads us to think that affairs are not so
satisfactory as his party would lave us to suppose, and
the few purchasers from the country is evidence of the
unsettled state of affairs."

The steam-ship British Queen, Lieutenant Roberts,
R.N., which left New York on the Ist of April, ar-
rived at Spithead on Thursday evening, having made
the passage in fourteen days seven.hours, deducting
allowance for difference of longitude in time. The
British Queen brought fifty-six passengers.
The papers brought by the British Queen contain
copies of further letters between Mr. Fox, the British
minister, and Mr. Forsyth, the Secretary of State of
the United States. In another column we have given
the most important portions of this correspondence,
which appears to have created considerable excitement
in the political and commercial circles. lts tone ap-
pears to be of a decidedly more hostile character than
that of any which has preceded it. It is evident that
the parties were approaching a rupture. From the last
letter of Mr, Fox it would appear that all further ne-
gociations at Washington were suspended. He says,
" It will be the duty of the undersigned immediately to
transmit Mr. Forsyth's note to her Majesty's Govern-
ment in England, and until the statements and proposi-
tions which it contains shall have received the due con-
sideration of her Majesty's Government, the under-
signed will not deem it right to add any further reply."
Some of the American papers treat the tone and
character of Mr. Forsyth's communications as a mere
political movement on the part of the present Govern-
ment, The people of Maine are chiefly loco-focos, and
the President and his Cabinet, fear the loss of the state
at the approaching presidential election, unlesS some
decisive measure is taken by the Cieneral Government.
It is for this reason that Mr. Forsyth uses the follow-
ing language :—" But no apprehension of the conse-
quences alluded to by Mr. Fox. can be permitted to di-
vert the Government and people of the United States
from the performance of their duty to the state of
Maine. That " duty is as simple as it is imperative.
The construction which is given by her to the treaty of
1783, has been again and again, and in the most so-
lemn manner,: asserted also by the federal Government;
and must be maintained, unless Maine freely 'consents
to a new boundary, or unless the construction of the
treaty is found to be erroneous by the decision of a dis-
. 1-i iipa

parties for its final adjustment,"
In the debate which ensued in the Senate, after this
correspondence was communicated by the President,
Mr. Webster expressed deep regret that the two coun-
tries were likely to come into collision. . Whatever
might be the disposition of the two governments; he
was fearful of the consequences that.might result from
the embittered feelings
.among the residents on either
side of the line, Mr. Williams (froni Maing)'rejoiced
to find that the question was likely to be brought to a

_ .
speedy issue.
The Sub-Treasury Bill was still lying on the table of
the House of Representatives. It would not, proba-
bly, be taken up till late in the session, and after the
spring elections.
A bill authorising the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue 5,000,000 dollars of treasury notes, and to re-issue
them as redeemed, so that the whole amount at any
time in circulation shall not exceed 5,000,000 dollars,
had passed both branches of Congress, and wanted
but the signature of the President to become a law.-
' The legislatures of Virginia, 'Maryland, South Caro-
lina, North Carolina, Alabama, Tennessee, Ohio, and
Indiana, had adjoUrned without adopting any measures
hostile to the bank, or intended to compel a premature
resumption of specie payments. In Illinois an alter-
native was presented by the legislature of resumption
or forfeiture of charter. The banks closed their
doors, and in a few days the legislature legalised
the suspension until its next session. In Mississippi
banks and credit of every description seem to be an-
nihilated. In the specie-paying states, money was
abundant on good security, at a low rate of interest.
Business continued generally in a very depressed con-
dition. Prices were IoW and falling. The freighting
business from the southern ports was remarkably good,
And vessels were in great demand.
A controversy was going on in the New York pa-
pers respecting the course pursued by Mr. Bates, of
the house of Messrs. Baring, Brothers, and Co., to-
wards Mr. Jaudon, at the period of the difficulties of
the latter gentleman, as agent of the United States
Bank, in August last. This dispute seems to have been
finally arranged,

The news from Montreal is to the 28th, and from
Toronto to the 25th of March. Much attention was

directed in both the Canadas to the proceedings relative
to the boundary question. It is affirmed that no
military preparations were going forward on the Maine
frontier which were not purely defensive, and such as
the sudden irruption into the disputed territory last
year fully justify.
The New Orleans papers state that the federalists of
Mexico, abandoning in despair their attempts to over-
throw the existing- central 'government, had established
a new and separate republic, including some of the
northern provinces, which they had called the "Republic
of Rio Grande," and which they had organised by the
appointment of a President and other officers of state.
Jesus de Cardenas was President, and Canales chief of
the army. The new government was calling. for
volunteer aid, and ,expected to receive it from Texas
and the United States. The property of the church
and the convents, including their large landed estates,
will be appropriated for the pay and bounty of volun-
i. The provinces included within this new organi-
sation are New Leon, Zacatecas, Durango, Chihuahua,
and New Mexico. The federalists were concentrating
themselves in those places where their numbers were
greatest, and their resources most abundant. Their
first object Wds to capture Metamoras, which was
garrisoned by less than 1,000 Mexicans. Part of the
new republic is within the limits of Texas. The
population of these provinces is said 'to comprise the
hardiest and most manly portion of the Mexican
people. The state of Yucatan had also declared for the
new republic. A party of Camanches, about 500 in
number, had invaded Mexico, destroyed and pillaged
in every quarter, and killed 200 of Arista's troops.
General Arista intended to make a movement on the
Rio Grande, with 2,000 men and a heavy train of artil-
lery. The strength of the central army, under Arista
and Canalizo, is stated at 4,500 men.
Dates from Houston, the capital of Texas, had been
received at Noir Orleans .to the 12th of February.
They contained little of interest or importance, All

teers.

further issues of Texas promissory notes ceased on th
19th of February. This fact; coupled with the foreign
demand for. them about to be created by the Operation
of the law making import duties cash, was likely to
improve their value in the United States, as well as in
Texas.- The latest information from Rio Grande states
that the centralists had collected all their available
force—about 6,000 men west of the Cordilleras, to put
down the federalists, who had fled before them in
small parties.

Particular attention is requested to the articles on
the subject of free immigration to the West India Co-
lonies. The alarming falling off in the productions of
sugar, molasses, ruin, coffee, cotton, &c., in 1838,
1839, and up to the present time this year, entirely
owing to a want of labour, calls loudly for the inter-
ference of Parliament, so as to prevent the loss of that
valuable branch of our commerce, as well as to render
England independent of foreign slave countries for
those supplies.

We have received our files of the Sydney Gazette
and of the Sydney Commercial Journal to the 2d of
November, inclusive. We regret that, owing to the
late hour at which we received these papers, we are
obliged to defer any extended extracts until our next
publication. These papers are filled with comments
upon the sudden exit from the colony of an auctioneer,
of the name of John Thomas Wilson, who is said to
have carried with him " a goodly amount in cash and
property," and to have left his creditors minus in no
less a sum than £50,000. or £60,000. It is added ..,
that he escaped on board the Nereus, which was bound
for the South Sea Islands;. and it was proposed to
despatch the revenue cutter, Prince George, to pursue
him. This defalcation had naturally created a great
sensation in the colony, and all parties were anxious
to bring so flagrant an offender to justice.
The news from South Australia extends to the 21st
of September. A great number of land sales and al- -
lotments had recently been effected in these rising and
prosperous colonies. The South Australian Record
states that an overland expedition had just arrived
from Port Phillip, with 11,000 sheep and 560 head of
cattle. It was proposed to form a new agricultural
settlement on the banks of the Murray, between the
route from Melbourne and Portland Bay to Adelaide.
The land in this survey is said to be the richest in

South Australia, and it will probably, ere long, be the
maize granary of the .province. The crops in South
Australia were exceedingly promising, owing to the
abundant fall of rain.

The prices of provisions, both at Sydney and in
Van Dieman's Land, were rapidly falling, owing to
the abundant supplies; and the colonies were, gene-
rally speaking, in a very prosperous condition.

The "Anti-Slavery Meeting" of Thursday evenirg
last might have been designated, with the greatest pro-
priety, an " Anti-Planters' Meeting." The main object
of the meeting, like that of most other meetings of the
" humanity-mongers," seemed to be, to vilify and ca-
lumniate the West India interest, and to defend the
insubordinate conduct of the Negroes.
We confess that we do not feel any degree of regret
that Mr. Scoble made his appearance in the Music
Hall as the champion of the Anti-Slavery. Society.
There no individual living who has so grossly com-
mitted himself, by his flagrant mis-statements on sub-
jects connected with the West Indies, as Mr. Scoble
has done. This will abundantly appear from the se-
quel of the present article, as well as from the documents
to Which we shall have occasion to refor, and which
we have thought it necessary to republish for the edifi-
cation of Mr. Scoble and his friends.
The ostensible object of the meeting of Thursday last
-was, " to take into consideration the duty of the friends
of the Negro, with reference to the present state of shr-
verY and the slave trade throughout the world." The
report of the .proceedings, which appeared in our paper
of Friday, will show that the real object was an attack.
upon the West India planters. If this was not the
case, why was the subject of the British colonies in the
West Indies introduced into the discussion ? In those
'colonies the slave trade has no existence, and slavery
itself has been utterly abolished. by the voluntary and
spontaneous decision of the planters.
jt is.n fact that the whole course of the Ariti.-Slavery
agitation, as carried on by such Men as Mr. Scoble,
has been more prominently characterised by a deep-
rooted and inveterate hatred of the West India.proprie-
tors; than by any cordial sympathy with the Negroes.
The.planters have been-the objects of the most relent.
less persecution; while the welfare of the Negroes
seems to have been a matter of purely secondary con-
sideration. ' -Unless it can be demonstrated that the
ruin of the former would be . the means of benefiting
the latter, the agents of the Anti-Slavery Society will
find it utterly impossible to justify the policy which
they have thought fit to pursue. This, however,.can.
not be done. The interests of the Negro populathin of
the West Indies are. intimately bound up with thosdtaf
the planters : and.so long as the destruction of the
latter is sought after by Mr. Scoble and his friends, so
long must we accuse these men of being the real ene-
mies of the Negro. Their pretended zeal on his behalf
will not avail them against this accusation, until they
are found willing to co-operate with the planters' in
promoting among .the Negroes habits of contented
perseverance in a course of industry and subordination.
When we see them thus uniting with the natural pro-
tectors of the Negroes, and seeking to elevate their
moral character, we shall give them some degree of
credit for their professions of humanity.
In the introductory part of the proceedings, at the
late meeting, we find little that is worth remarking
upon, excepting an assertion in the report which was
read that the introductio❑ of the Hill Coolies into the
British colonies was "an attempt to revive the slave
trade." This is a perfectly gratuitous assumptiOn, un-
supported by a tittle of evidence. Indeed, it is flatly
contradicted by the despatches of the Governor of Brit-
ish Guiana, who has proved that the Hill Coolies. were;
in every respect, treated as free labourers, from the day
of their arrival in that colony. As to their treament in
the -Mauritius, Lord John Russell's own declarations
afford a sufficient answer to the language of the report.
He has distinctly avowed his intention
,to renew anti
legalise the immigration of the Hill Coolies into the
Mauritius, and we have no doubt that this intention
will be acted upon, notwithstanding the senseless cla-
mour of the anti-slavery agitators.
Mr. Scoble was the chosen champion of the anti-sla-
vety folks on Thursday. With him and his statements
we have, therefore, principally to deal. This gentleman
stated, that " the last* time he had the honour of addres-
sing an audience in this town, it was his painful duty,
to call its attention to the wretched and deplorablccOn-
dition of the Negro apprentices." How far the descrip-
tion which he then gave of the condition of the Negro
apprentices was consistent with truth may be inferred
from the able letter of Sir Andrew Halliday, which we
have inserted in another column. That high-minded
gentleman, who was as much distinguished by his hu-
manity as by his strict and unswerving integrity, and
who was fully competent to give an authoritative opi-
nion on the subject, has given us a proof that the con-
dition of the apprentices was- anything-but " wretched
and deplorable."

Mr. Scoble says that during his recent visits to the
West Indies, "he had found that commerce flourished
—that trade was never in a more healthy condition than
at the present time." From this sweeping assertion •
we might.inferithat.there had been, for the last two
years, no deficiency in the amount of exports from the
West Indies. Is this the fact ? Let the periodical lc'.
statements of crops and the returns of imports into this
country furnish the reply. What says Lord John Rus-
sell on this subject in his despatch to Governor Light?
Mr. Scoble thought fit to quote this despatch as far as
it suited his purpose: but he forgot to inform his audi-
ence that Lord John Russell has most emphatically con-
tradicted sotne of the assertions of Mr. Scoble. On the
subject of the crops, his lordship remarks—" The.
dine of produce is unquestionable. The return appended'
to your despatch of 15th October, 1839, shows a de-
crease on the quarter, from 6th July to 10th October,
as compared with 1831, 1832, and 1833, in sugar, of
7,259 hogsheads; rum, of 2,014 puncheons; molasses,
7,309 hogsheads. But in coffee, the decrease's' still

more remarkable, being a decline from 1,618,228 /hs.
to 346,350, or more than three fourths of the whole
production of the former years." Is this any indica
tion of a prosperous trade ? Again,, Lord John Rus
sell, quoting the statement of the West India mer-

r

`9".

16

_11014"
94',
.:910

iigo9 nb
,11-111

dj t'.ll°
11, '451

I

hants, in their memorial of the 17th of January, that
the "deficiency in the last year's crops, in Demerara
alone, exclusive, of Berbice, was shown to be no less
than £930,000," remarks that " some part of this de-
ficiency may be owing to the lateness of the season;
but 220 doubt can exist of the fact of a remarkable falling
qr in the quantity produce during the
_first year of
freedom.,,,
What we have already adduced is sufficient to stamp
Mr. Scoble as the most reckless and inaccurate
speaker that ever ventured to stand before the public.
We have before us a variety of documents which most
flatly contradict his sweeping assertions, the force of
which he has
,been himself- compelled to acknowledge.
We regret that want of space compels us to defer un-
til Friday a full and complete refutation of the false-
hoods to which he has had the hardihood to give ut-
terance. In the mean time, we would particularly di-
rect the attention of our readers to the letter addressed
to the Morning Chronicle, which we 'have inserted in
another column. It will be some time before we have
done with Mr. Scoble.

-----7--
There is no saying in what dirty puddles your real
Party man will not occasionally grope, or with what
strange bedfellows he will be content to sleep. The
most confirmed blackguard that ever outraged com-
mon decency may be elevated to the dignity of a mar-
tyr by refusing to pay a threepenny church-rate, and
respectable men will walk through Coventry with a
drunken hodman, or the sweeper of a crossing, if he
happens to profess the peculiar morality of the liberal
school of politicians.
On these grounds we have never been surprised at
the favour with which certain of our Whig-Radical
contemporaries have regardtd the sayings and doings
of Lord Melbourne's protege Robert Owen. We
were not aware, however, of all his claims to consider-
aion. The founder of Socialism, we find, is a wCorn-
Repealer—one of the League—a brother in the
faith of the Gregs, the Philipses, the Smiths, and,
" last, not least," of our own Aiken. A "great gun,"
however, the. Socialist is not, inasmuch as be borrows
his thunder—we. beg pardon, his rain—from that dis-
tinguished ornament of civilized society, the Mayor of
Manchester. We have to express our thanks to the
Proprietors of the Liverpool Journal for raking this
gratifying fact from amongst the impurities of Friday's
Socialnrgies—a scavenger's occuphtion truly.
" The Mayor of Manchester, before the Premier,
had said"—we quote from our contemporary's report
of Owen's address—" that, for the last two or three
,Years,. he had lost £150,00; he had still remaining a
large fortune, but did not know how long he might
have it, for he had a great number of working people
whom he could not relieve; and, bursting into tears,
erred overwhelmed what to do" ! And again : "Here
laivas the
.Ilayor of Manchester crying like a child, not
I".lowing how to prevent his workpeople from starva-
tion ! Horrible ! The Mayor of Manchester crying
kea
child—Cannon-street flooded with tears—High-
;lreet inhysterics—and the Infirmary-pond trans-
termed into a salt lake ! Sad picture ! Thomas Pot-
thatoverwhelMed what to do" ! Prodigious ! And
hard-hearted old prOfligate, Lord Melbourne,
:48olutely impenetrable ! The tears of a . Mayor—a
lietitalde Mayor—not-able to move him ! Oh! could
to Paint t 6 sobbing Mayor led out by the deputation
breathe the pure arid reviving air of Downing-street,
;19. the waving of pocket-handkerchiefs and the
anlininP: of the sympathising Cockneys, how beautiful
feeling Picture We should have of the intensity pf human
!. Rachel weeping for her children was nothing
and witli.,.P.',Ptler 'Weeping for his , workpeople;
he -alas ! Pnttcr's tears were equally thrown away.
Ca•st his pearl's' before swine !
"here are, however, one or two features about this
a IV version . of the deluge which seem to us rather-
nPleae,l).Phal• We do certainly know some little about
vi(-1
IveePing Mayor of Manchester, but were not pre-
tit'lY aware that he had 'any large number of working
hi„°l le to support. Our impression always was, that
shop"hoes was something in the nature of a slaughter-
th a kind of purgatory for small traders, of which
toe ilitirnatum was the Gazette. We can just fancy,
in°' that bad times may be the harvest season of some
ae,rl,,; and if our memory serves us right, our old
11,4'"alltrance the Mayor of Manchester has been al-
pr)os considered to glean fromother men's scattering.
able his own account he has gleaned to some reason-
%.iteh amount, all things considered ; and we would,
te; "ely due diffidence, exhort him to moderate his
ofiB and leave well alone. A man who, in,the prime
Life, can boast of having realised a splendid fortune,
ti": 110 right to kick down, the ladder by which he has
Len' A man who, under our existing system, has
a 1: tile great; has no right to complain if he encounter
ttle loss now and then. And, besides, consider the
48g4 which might arise from the mode of entreaty
tine to by the Mayor of Manchester. Downing-
htideet might be found some fine day in the Thames,
of all the .little pet projects of Ministers floated out
tn,,tileir fingers ! The clock at Whitehall might be
a.ed with tears, and quarter-day never, never arrive !
tlFortune and the Mayor of Manchester avert so
4 catastrophe

11 truculent Agitator of Ireland is labouring earn-
bite};in his vocation, and the
.venom with which his
bk..;, heart' is surcharged seems to rise up almost
tkbi-cier than the lying lips can give it utterance. A
Of tis ury seems to possess him at the very mention
name of Stanley, and he evidently writhes be-
t:l'll the consciousness of declining power and ap-
r4
L 040..
ug retribution.
th,o ur readers will perhaps pardon us for transcribing
this ft°l4)wing very characteristic effusion, uttered by
P,l-L'erucious madman on Tuesday last, at the Corn-
tri-ei.",att of Dublin ; and remember.that to the tender
ofe-e'" of such a monster the peace of eight millions
Irish fellow-subjects is at this moment corn-
'
-eft "
te
h-eY left his sick parent on the point of death—he
which chamber of sorrow and sadness—he left that duty
he Ought to be performing towards his afflicted and
the relativehe gave up the sacredness of sorrow and all
i*d,ratifieatioh that sympathy has in it—he gave up all that
ticit:" to the human heart and binding of the human affec-
igtiv 'he trampled under foot the coffins of his deceased i e-
-14i eB4' "d, 1 declare to heaven, he would have trampled on
44): dead faces sooner than refrain from, or stand back
Wei,' attacking Ireland. 'Was not. what I said a fact?
to he they not dying ? I merely hinted at it ; I said he ought
Galt elsewhere, elsewhere, and ruffian yell of malice, a malignant,
iq i„Y' scoundrelly shout was raised, and I was interrupted
Itho-Y defence for Ireland by a howl and screech from those
hegare oPposed to everything that is noble or calculated to
efit the human race. (Cheers.)"
there, we ask, on the face of tarth, another man
Cable of giving utterance to such disgusting and
h,4lllous language ? The passage which we have
'l)ttilited in italics surpasses, for its gross and reckless
ipt'fauity, anything which we have previousy noticed,
'II from the lips:of O'Connell himself.
ty,rhe object of the meeting at which this gross attack
his made upon a nobleman • so infinitely superior to
ill every relation of life—as a son, a husband, and
t 5 4tiler---Was to organise a system of terror calculated
4iet'verawe the deliberations, and to coerce the judg-
14:t of the British House of Commons, upon the
iy t-,iti°4 of registration. The standard of repeal
be unfurled, and three millions of tee-totallers to
is tagged under its folds. A "National Association"
Arum he formed, to demand for Ireland " full and
eve pt justice or repeal"; and, as is inseparable from
ZPruject of this profligate ruffian, another drain
" Made upon the people for funds to supply the
Arta
01 corruption.
what, it will be asked, is the measure of justice
e4l-1 this " National Association" is organised to
testa4„44? First, then, the revenues of the Irish Pro
c-
-4,11"t Church are to be appropriated. Secondly, the
l'444°:ate Property in. Ireland is to be placed in the
'141.; of the Popish , priesthood and their ignorant
t* Thirdly, the- franchise is to he lowered.
14
tt)tr i,'lY' the number of representatives for Ireland
aleaq
e increased. And, fifthly, She " shall obtain
tilo4t,quate number of representatives in the Com-
thai. Rouse of Parliament, to place her on a just
,14110 It3' in this respect
.with the Parliament of Eng-
'"opi,,n4 Scotland"
,;, or, • in other words, to vest in
'‘.::treland in greater degree that effectual and abso-
1411dtire (I'u,ntrol over the Government of Eng;and and Scot-
etti virtually she already possesses. " Such,"
aollB
IvcirtLi this new association,.". is our definition of' the
iiirtie) • JI-TspicE TO IRELAND.' We demand this
Pre
ottin and we demand it speedily. It • must be
must be full' and _satisfactory. Ireland is

no longer to he trifled with, and cannot be deluded."
For these wild and unattainable objects, which no-
thing but the brain of a madman could conceive, the
entire framework of society in that unhappy land is to
be convulsed, and the torch of incendiarism, the blud-
geon of the murderer, and the knife of the assassin,
' are to be placed in requisition. England must submit
to be trampled beneath the feet of Popish Ireland—
must surrender her religion, her liberties, and her
rights to the keeping of a ruffian priesthood; and her
proud nobility, her spotless hierarchy, the unsullied
honour of her gentry, her loyal yeomanry, all of
which England is justly proud,—must be made to lick
the dust beneath the reptile form of this ruthless de..
magogue, or—what is the alternative? Repeal ! The
dismemberment of the empire.
There is one obstacle, however, to the success of
either of these alternatives, which the infuriated bully '
who prescribed them will find, to his cost, has been
left out of consideration. England herself is now
aroused. She will put in her claim for. justice. Eng-
land will no longer be trifled with, even to appease
rebellious Ireland. We have had enough of this
trashy vapouring—this artificial thunder. We have
crouched long enough—conceded long enough—for-
borne long enough. We must now have justice.
Ireland shall enjoy her just share in the representa-
tion, but shall have no more. Ireland shall have her
just share in the Government of the empire, but shall
not be allowed to control every measure, and to absorb
every function, of that Government. The people of
England demand a just, an equitable, and an honest
system of registration for Ireland ; they deinand the.
passing of Lord Stanley's Bill, and the transfer of the
power now exercised by the priesthood of Ireland
into the hands of those for whose use it was intended;
they demand protection for their Irish,brethren from
the perjured assassin whose foot is upon their necks,
and whose knife is at their throats ; and they will not
rest until each and all of these just demands are
granted.

ISLE OF MAN AND LIVERPOOL JOINT STOCK
BANKING COMPANY.

It may be in the recollection of many of our readers,
that a dissolution of the Isle of Man and Liverpool Joint
Stock Banking Company took place some time ago, since
which a return of about ninety-nine per cent. of the paid
up capital has been made to the shareholders.
On Wednesday, the Ist of April, a deputation from the
directors and shareholders of that company presented Mr.
John Davies a purse of sixty guineas, with the folldwing
address :

" Dear Sir,—ln presenting you this testimonial of our re-
spect and esteem we are happy to have an opportunity of
expressing our grateful acknowledgments of the courtesy
von have displayed as Chairman of the Isle of Man and
Liverpool Joint Stock Bank, of the great care with which
you have watched over our interests, and of the sound judg-
ment with which you have brought the accounts of the
concern-to a satisfactory close.
" From the experience we have had of your integrity, and
of the ability you displayed in settling affairs which had un-
fortunately been rendered extremely intricate, we venture to
indulge a confident expectation that in your new business of
accountant you will prove eminently successful, and with
every wish for your prosperity and happiness,
" We remain, dear sir,
" Your obedient and obliged friends and servants,
(Signed) " JAMES PROCTER, WILLIAM CLIFF,
JAMES IRVING, J. G. SNOWBALL,
JAMES JOHNSON, N. C. BOND,
JAMES PARKER,
" And about 50 more Shareholders."
