THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD,

compliment themselves and one-another with this kind of
anticipatory gratulation for services which vet " remain
to be done ;"—a happy conceit, as the thanks are paid and
pocketed, whilst the services always continue in pros-
pective, uninjured, to serve the same turn on future
occasions.

slight attractive force between the particles of water,"
is owing to the caloric of fluidity. Iron, itself, has un-
der similar cireumstanees, the same " slight attractive
force between its particles." The position, that " the
particles of water fall, or gravitate, independently of
each other," and the exemplification as well as the con-
clusion drawn upon it, are all alike untenable, and we
must add, unphilosophical. Ist. Because Mr. H. after-
wards proves that particles of water have an attractive
force towards each other, by dipping his finger into the
fluid, and suffering a drop to form—and as is well known
in the " pearly dew" exposed on the cabbage. 2il. The
division of water falling in a mass, arises from the re-
sistance of the atmosphere ; and could Mr. H. see it
rushing into the condenser of a steam-engine, we are
assured he would find the stream unbroken, until it had
dashed against the sides of the vessel. Besides, if a mass
of water were made to descend from any height, what
should occasion the particles, or the " drops" (though
we see no reason for the distinction) to separate ?—were
they, like a Macedonian phalanx, or a cubic foot of sand.
If then, were no disturbing cause, they would keep their
rank and order " from whatever height" it might fall.

The next toast was the health of Mr. Thornely, ex-
member of the Town Council. From the introductory
observations of the Chairman, we should have thought
that Mr. Thornely had been a " dumb" man, (blindness,
we know, is prevalent among Radicals,) and that, in
consequence of this infirmity, his health would have been
" drunk in silence," as it seemed to us a piece of imper-
tinence to load a man with compliments of which he is
insensible, and for which he can make no acknowledg-
ment. We waited, expecting a tablet would be brought
on which Mr. T. might have written his thanks, but were
agreeably surprised to see that Mr. T. "found a tongue,"
and a tongue which made "work for reporters" at a pub-
lic dinner, however he might stand die " mute, inglori-
ous" member of the Town Council. " I do know of
these, that therefore only are reputed wise for saying
nothing," and—but we will not give offence by further
quotation. But Mr, Thornely spoke, and very perti-
nently asked—" What had the Town Council done ?"
We iterate the question—" What had the Town Council
done ?" Mr. Thornely gave no answer—no one present
attempted any answer. It would have required an
(Edipus to answer it to the satisfaction of the company
or of Liverpool, except plain Truth had risen and re-
plied—This has the Town Council done. It has degraded
municipal offices into venal political bribes for personal
slavery. Under the name of liberalism it has extin-
guished liberty itself. Whilst it demands of all others
responsibility and open courts, it claims for itself "shut
doors" and secret " caballing." Religion and her legi-
timate offspring, morality, are the objects of their perse-
secution. These virtues, " and such like," are engraved
on the municipal escutcheon of Liverpool.—Whether
Mr. Thornely would have made an answer in the same
form of words, we know not; but it seems, from his own
showing, that he soon grew sick of municipal doings,
and, therefore, "declared that lie should not offer himself
again as a candidate." But if Mr. T. did not tell us of
all the anti-glorious achievements of the Town Council,
yet he has affixed his seal to a declaration which will
confer upon them the character of infamy as a corpora-
tion, when their private virtues shall be no longer
remembered. He said, "they were representatives of
men of every shade of religion." This, reader, is not
our language—this is not our painting. This isa picture
drawn by one of their own body. We who freely de-
Clare ourselves to be adverse to the constitution and
measures of the Town Council, still cannot forget that
we breathe the same air—walk the same streets with
them ; we, therefore, wish to draw a veil over this hide-
ous countenance of all corruption.

Mr. H. adds, that the surface of water is never,
mathematically speaking, horizontal, as it partakes of
the earth's curvature, which amounts to more than many
persons imagine," being eight inches in one mile." As
a lecturer could not be expected to give a demonstration
of this, and as we feel a deep interest in the pursuits of
our operative townsmen, we shall add, for the tyros in
science, the mathematical proof of this interesting fact.
If a tangent be drawn from any point on the earth's sur-
face, and a secant from its other extremity, which secant
passes through the centre of the earth—then if we call D
the diameter of the earth, and T the length of the
tangent, and H the height of the extremity of the tan-
gent above the earth. we shall have .by Euclid B 3d.
P 36 this equation D H add H 2 is equal to T 2, or,
since H in small distances, is very little in comparison
with D, we may reject H 2 altogether ; and moreover,
since D is a constant quantity, by rejecting it also, there
will remain, according to the doctrine of variations, H
varying as T 2, or, in words, the depression of the earth's
surface below the horizontol line varies according to the
square of the distance. If we apply this to London and
Liverpool, we shall find that the horizon of one of these
places is about five miles higher than the other. That
is, if a horizontal line was stretched from Liverpool
towards London, it would rise about five miles above the
metropolis, and hence no balloon over London, that ever
yet ascended, (even if ever so illuminated) could be seen
at Liverpool. It is hardly necessary to observe, that we
have disregarded the effect of atmospheric refraction in
the above remarks, which considerably varies the practi-
cal result.

Mr. H. next observed that "a patent had been taken
out for calcareous deposits in steam-boilers, &c." The
patent to which he alludes is that of Mr. Hall, of Basford,
near Nottingham, an ingenious man; but we are afraid,
with Mr. H., that in this instance "no very beneficial
results have been derived" from his labours.

Mr. Egerton Smith, in the flourishing symphony of his
exordium, said—" he was glad that some advantage had
been gained by the Tories." Why so are we; and we
hope he will have every year increasing cause for in-
creasing joy at the same kind of success. But, glad as
Mr. S. expressed himself, like Mr. Thornely, he appears
to have felt either some qualms of conscience, or a sto-
mach not fitted for digesting all the crudities of a Town
Council ; he, therefore, intends also " to retire at the
end of his term." With regard to his " certificate," we
think he will be more honourable without one. We
should as soon ask to be burned in the hand, or to be
branded on the forehead, which are judicial certificates
that } ou have not been hanged.
Mr. Muspratt, on acknowledging the honour done him
in drinking his health, said—" He attributed his defeat
at the late election to the conduct of a few apostate Re-
formers." Why these Radicals are the coarsest malign-
' ers of their own party :—one affirms they are in a state
of " apathy ;" another, varying the phrase, declares they
are " asleep ;" and here Mr. Nluspratt calls them
" apostates ;" whilst Mr. Thornely tells us that the
members of the Town Council " were representatives of
men of EVERY SHADE of religion."
We hope there is sound soothsaying when " the
Imitrl!tr pfiVr-
did not think quite.so much of him as the inhabitants of
the metropolis." Perhaps not; they know Erna better.
But if the metropolis be enamoured of his charms, why
Liverpool is quite ready to perform the paternal office,
and "to give him away." Thus first fall the pillars, and
then down comes the capital. Sleepy, apathetic, apos-
tate Radicals and discarded members form a group in
good keeping.

The quantity of water in the state of vapour existing
in the atmosphere Mr. H. says is " surprising." From
the best conducted experiments it appears, that in sum-
mer this quality amounts to about 1-60th of the absorp-
tion, and in winter to about 1-300th—a result quite
different from what unscientific persons would have ex-
pected, but quite explicable upon known principles.
The former are acquainted with hygrometric moisture
only.

We can frame no hypothesis how the arid sands of
Africa can abstract moisture from the air. What be-
comes of it ? Such a process would long ago .have
conducted to saturation ; and to suppose that any water
penetrates the soil, is to conclude that the dry sand ab-
stracts moisture from the air 'by virtue of superior
affinity, and when so attracted, sets it free again to pass
through the soil; but surely moisture so set free would
instantly be taken up by the air. "The desiccating pro-
perties of the air are in proportion to the quantity of
vapour it contains, and the rapidity with which it tra-
vels." Upon the last circumstance depends the ex-
planation of Leslie's anemometer. We advise our
Edinburgh Encyclopcedia. 'ft 'kill kOtatinintool 'in a g
space to describe it here. The remarks of Mr. H. upon
the subject of contagion are peculiarly interesting both
to the chemist and the nosologist. Indeed, like all the
preceding lectures, this is " full of matter."

"DECREASE OF CRlME."—Yesterday, at the police-office,
there were only 105 cases booked to be heard, 36 of which were
for felony.
LIVERPOOL EXHIBITION.—We are happy to hear that the
money received for the sale of pictures, &c., in the recent exbi-
tion, exceeds £2600, the largest sum ever received since the
commencement of the academy.
Mn. BROWN'S CONCERT.—We hope that this gentleman, who
is well knomn as a first-rate flute player, will be well supported
by the Liverpool public. We have no doubt that a rich treat
will be provided for the occasion.
CHEAP Mustc.—We beg to refer our musical readers to an
advertisement which appears in another part of our paper
respecting a collection of music on sale, the property of a pro-
fessor about leaving Liverpool.
THE THEATRE-ROYAL.—Forrest, Kean, Macready, and
Vandenhoff are understood to have been engaged to perform at
this theatre early in the ensuing year, in succession. Mr. and
Mrs. Wood we also understand are again engaged for a limited
number of nights, to appear shortly.
WRITING.—Mr. Thompson, the writing-master, is, we per-
ceive, about forming classes during the approaching vacation
for juveniles of both sexes. We have no doubt that be will be
extensively patronized; his plan is a very good one. Children
often forget, during a long vacation; what they have previously
been at much pains to acquire.—See adv.
We beg to draw attention to the advertisement of Mons.
Malian, who, we perceive, announces that he will leave Liver-
pool on the 9th of next month. Those ladies and gentlemen
who wish to avail themselves of his professional assistance will
bear in mind that they have bun brief period left for consulting
him. He promises to renew his visits every Autumn.
BALL.—Theheonitharsndnau al ball
last.
te Waterloop
After the turmoil of political discussion we are glad to Hotel,l‘ril Crrnowsbeyesw'ass
enter the peaceful shades of science; and turn from the commenced at o'clock, and the y
companyevening
_l
did snot quit the
book of life to the volume of nature. With Mr. Wm_ " gay and festive scene" until near six the following morning.
ming we shall, therefore, pass a pleasant hour.
Upwards of 120 persons were present, and the utmost hilarity
prevailed throughout the evening. A sumptuous banquet was
"The willow," when planted by Van Helmont, weigh- provided for the company, and the quality of the viands gained
i
ed but five pounds; after five years it weighed ngi
for Mr. Towers the unqualified approval of his guests.
--4
ET. SIMON!S CHAPEL, SiE THOMAS' BUILDINGS. 'We
a
pounds; and the earth. in which it was planted, bad lost glad to find that this place of worship will be opened this d"
ay,
only two ounces of its original weight. Although the vu
iundee i
according the
eldrieviii divine cu.-
physiology of vegetation was little understood in the minister—the Rev. H. S. Joseph was ordained, on Sunday last,
days days of Van Helmont, it is better understood now; and na t e
ehr egsytme ra,
na
of
itiTem e ehduiracTiliyifevnersinunpdon 11,7%1 passitioieraleriluties
.as
the formation of so much ligneous matter, is explicable, at this accession to the means employed in connexion 13vri rthjutilciee
upon well-ascertained principles—carbonic acid gas be- establishment
rer on
iriiisfor chapelthersliitonuttsi
situated
instruction ion
midst
tthef paeodp le of Li -
in g the chief pabulum, and the hydrogenating or de-oxi- lation,P many of whom have already profitede m
by their aetatesenNaart-
dizing raysof the sun the chief agent, in giving fixation at the services performed within its walls. -We understand that
to the carbon of it, and evolution to the
the Rev. T. Tattershall is to preach the opening sermon.
axygen, gas. GRAND MASONIC MEETING AT WARRINGTON.—We under-
We regret that we have not space to pursue this subject stand that there will be a grand gathering of brother masons,
farther. .
land counties, at Warrington, on Thursday. The occeasion
from all parts of Lancashire, Cheshire, Y orkshire, -and theissid..- ,
,
Mr. H. observes, that "by holding over an ignited which will draw together this large and respectable assemblage
jet of hydrogen a bell-shaped glass, in a short time it itaahreduaoy,ionigi. ofitliiaenkyeLsatrosnLovfe the bridge
elapsed
si over
n ce t the
h ere }i
3
will be covered over with vapour"—the same result will similar gathering; and it is certain that the nobility, gentry,
take take place if it be held over a candle ; by which is evi- anielinid all of "theladl craft."vaii who
tii aeelnot preventedoft by distance or bust-
dently proved the existence of hydrogen in the wax or in that br!theryhoaod, in
public, which
this
heyoreolii•ntutinnittiyir:yf reeltaiwntr
tallow. We can by no means yield our assent to the ofan tdhe,,irb;o‘otill•dere;;,o'o'datisienll
nalstibyithe .enkin.dlyt feelings of friendship
dictum of Mr. H., that " iron, at a very high tempera- posing ceremonial with all paossiblir aluvthoer.ity, LsetaGmentribriiseil/Z tune, has a greater affinity for oxygen than any other i,'
et aarrlcl ietheEns L. ,
eP,3-.sllel. of this division, will preside. We have
substance in nature ; for how then could iron sores be re- to attend, and we believe that
hnothtlre ail! -ch;i:oit‘lii e rost.zhhoesatreer
will
llecatiesdo
duced, or how could a single casting in iron be effected ? takedinnerpaaftretr int.l th
ee procetedings. There is to be a grand masonic
for if this affinity were, as stated, in both cases we should border to give .a.llinp(ZYsosi
ht tlice setcolan
te at
on dtitltiise
masonic
s tcees ra
lo itl sr..
obtain but an oxide of iron (perhaps vitrified) and not Peter Stubbs (who is a freemason) has been engaged by the
metallic iron. On the explosion of oxygen and hydro- ac ot
tme
nu.Am tti
ne etliei r
togethernew
antiwi
i) h
ahni,sisoie
RoyalL uniforms,Harmonic
pu
purchased for
ho t will
3 ii ll
gen gases, they are said "to expand into 30 times their ?cession. We hope that it may be in our power to give a report,
" We should be 01 Deco:l/ ion.nex I,T)bie theatt epn rdoaene
ce
ed ionfg sf
roe
en
mtahsios n
3interestingexapnedc t
ens novel
space, and according to others into 15.
disposed to think the expansion considerably greater— be about 600. The gentry will also join in the procession.
the heat necessary for time larger expansion would be aboet liEncA a..—lt is intended to apply to Parliament in the en-
-2006°. Gunpowder, in its products after explosion, oc- slttle
iitii%rs,eassnidont,o for
~!loaisp-earissitnog ctoeriiistornuesthiapsharbour of refuge at
cupies 1000 times more volume than before ; but there is OLDHAM, FRIDAY NooN.--The turn-out still continues,
this difference between the two cases—the products of cons ne ss
erns t. e clli atre'tsurspintnetrisiehavelakbandontrid ttheir
ermsdefimxeagdbsyatt
the one are permanently elastic gases, whilst that of the committee of assocriated mairstewrs; but the- hands at Messrs.
Ogden and Hayworth's mill, persist in requiring an advance.
other is a condensable vapour.
Messrs Ogden and Hayworth haveconsequeutiv issued placards
We cannot exaely go along with Mr. H. respecting for spinners • and if they are supplied with satisfactory hands,
the improved salubrity of waters from increased saline the other mills will immediately recoininence work.—Mandies-
m ter Guardian
impregnations. As medicine, their virtues
may be mea- "„ .
LATE CiscEs.—During the late gales which visited Bir-
sured by this standard, but as a menstruum or diluent of Iningharn, the force and direction of the wind were most accit-
food, and of course a thing of daily consumption, we 2 tre , i,,,(,):,,,,,,,,,e,d1:1.171 a sevilfiirizistthe,r.ting gentleman
hasanemometer,
latelythe
~i o
presented
think those which contain sulphuretted hydrogen, bi-car- to the Philosoph'ical Institution of that town. By this instru-
bonate of iron, carbonate of soda (Ilkeston) or, as we rail e n toot ctionse ttant regisdtry isk.epot,fntt ownillyd,f tAlieseatit!..ercetgi
josnte,
chi: t
have drunk at a very worthy archdeacon's, hi-carbonate rasitoi gauge,
aotrteaec haend to velocity
the instrument, notes the quantity
of magnesia, might all be well dispensed with. the rain, and likewise the precise Moment "'ben it tails. On
the mornino of Monclav, November 28, at a quarter pst 11,
Water, says Mr. H., is " supposed to be composed of , the wind blew for about three minutes from the north-west, with
fuot • and on the t - ,
small particles, Aid) are hard, round, and s/ippery-- ) a foist: Ntlal to 161lb.lonhatITsq
5, lan uh'ouner, from'
the no:the fusirial-
vvitatever " hard and round," must be " slipperv"— ada;i:,;rVeae7ll.,lfutru 72airb.yon the square foot. In the-7;eub-iis"h'-etda
we know nothing of " slipperiness," as a prope.ty of tables of the forces 'of. the wind,
. a pressure oj. 171 b on the
square foot, or a velocity of (.A.) miles per hour, is characterized
matter, beyond "hardness and roundness." "The 'as a most violent hurricane.

There is something so impious in the next toast, that
one could hardly think it capable of being proposed, and
much less of its being received, out of ----. " May
the blessings of a useful education be extended to all the
people unobstructed by the principle of exclusion on the
score of religious denomination." What blessings ?
" Blessed are the pure in heart"—" Blessed is the man
that walked) not in the way of the ungodly.'—" He that
honoureth me," saith the Most High, " him will I also
honour;" and from Him "cometh every good and perfect
gift." "What blessings," and in what name, will the
Unitarian—the Roman Catholic—the Deist ask? Ye
fight against Heaven ; and " Who bath hardened his
heart against God and prospered ?" But the toast is
consistent enough with the character of a Town Council
which represents "men of every shade of religion." We
can proceed no further with comment. When men talk
nonsense with an air of importance, we can smile; when
I
they become outrageously ridiculous, we can laugh ; but
when they become blasphemous, we retire.
