DREADFUL SHIPWRECK.

By a passenger who arrived in a steam-vessel from Calais, we
learn the following particulars of a most melancholy occurrence
which took place during the tremendous storm on Saturday
night, within half-a-mile of the port of Boulogne:—
" Early in the afternoon of that day, our informant thinks
between two and three o'clock, a vessel, said to be the Amphi-
trite, limiter, commander, bound for Botany-bay, with 125 fe-
male convicts on board, and several children; grounded about
half-a-mile to the right of Boulogne, and within a short distance
of the shore. Assistance was promptly tendered, but was re-
fused by the captain in the most positive manner. It is said
that he-even carried
.a pistol in each hand, threatening to shoot
any person who should attempt to come on board. His obstinacy
is supposed to have proceeded from the hope that the ship would
be got off on the return of the tide; and he is represented to
have been further stimulated by the surgeon, who insisted, that
as the custody of the women had been confided to him by the
government, it was his duty to take care that no communication
should take place between them and the shore. The captain is
said to have been a young man, not more than twenty-five years,
of age, and to 'his inexperience the fatal event must be attri-
buted. The possibility of the vessel becoming imbedded in the
sand seems not to have occurred to him. For a considerable
time the vessel lay within a furlong of the multitude who had
collected on the spot; every individual on board might have
been landed with perfect safety ; and the prisoners might have
been re-embarked next 4y, it' the vessel had remained safe.
The rashness of both captain and surgeon is, therefore, unac-
countable. When the tide returned, the danger was irreme-
diable : the violence of the storm continued unabated ; and as
the ship did not float, the perilous condition of the crew could
no loner be concealed. The women, who had been shut up
under the hatches, are said to have forcibly burst from the place
of their confinement, the majority of them congregating in the
cabin. A little before ten o'clock the waves broke through the
poop, and swept away, in an instant, every soul in the cabin.
l'he work of destruction was soon completed ; in a few moments
the ship went to pieces, and out of 154 persons on board, only
three escaped to land ! and one of these died a few
,hours after-
wards.
" The captain is stated to have got on the same raft which
bore to the shore one of the, survivors, but a wave carried him
off, and though he swam for some time, he ultimately perished.
The surgeon and his wife also met a watery grave.
" On the following morning the shore was strewed with the
wreck, many parts of which furnished evidence of unsoundness.
The vessel is said to have been Very old, having been built
nearly thirty years ago, and altogether ,unfit to have been em-
ployed longer in any service. A rigorous investigation on this
head will, it is hoped, be instituted.
" Owing to the distance at which the British Consul resides
from the port, he was not apprised that the vessel had struck
until several hours afterwards, but he then repaired to the spot,
and, doubtless, rendered all the assistance in his power. _
"The bodies of sixty-five women and one man were washed
on shore in the course of Saturday night."

FURTHER PARTICULARS

The accounts froncibTcoaSj:(tl;;oects of the dreadful
gale on Friday and Saturday last are truly appalling, and the
destruction of human life and property extremely great. The
names of no less than 59 vessels appeared on the books at
Lloyd's on Monday and yesterday, most of which are total
wrecks. In the North Sea several large vessels were seen in
a dismasted state, with the sea making a clear breach over them.
The Amphitrite, convict ship, bound to New South Wales,
and the Ann and Amelia, from Bengal-to London, were driven
on shore near Boulogne ; the former soon went to pieces, and
out of 130 persons on hoard, consisting of 101 women, about 11
children, and 18 of the crew, (including the master and sur-
geon), only three seamen were saved. the Ann and Amelia,
it is feared, will be totally wrecked, but part of the cargo is
expected to be saved. Mr. Skelton and Mr. Buck, surgeon and
midshipman, and two seamen, were drowned : their bodies have
since been found. The William Friend, which had arrived in
the Downs safe on Friday, was during the gale blown to the
opposite coast, and was totally wrecked near Calais, and ten of
the crew were drowned.
The annexed letter has been received from the agent to the
Amphitrite, lost near Boulogne :

-TO- TIM - trirrait OF TT! 13- -TIMES.

" Sir,—Permit me to correct part of your statement relative
to the unfortunate Amphitrite, lost at B-oclog,ne. - The late Mr.
John Hunter, the master and owner, was full 33 years of age,
had been regularly brought up to the sea, and commanded a
ship as far back as eight years ago.
" The British Consul at Boulogne says, the master and the
surgeon having with pistols refused assistance is untrue. The
Amphitrite, although of the age mentioned, was a perfectly
sound vessel, having in March last had a very thorough repair
at Deptford, under the inspection of the King's officers, being
then in the transport service, and previous to her commencing
the voyage on which she was lost she was most minutely ex-
amined by the said officers, and found every way fit to perform
the same.

" Relying OIL your known desire to.correct any statement in
which you have been misled, I trust to your insertion of the
substance of the above in any way you may see best.
" I am, Sir, your most obedient servant,
" Great Abe-street, Sept. 3. " J. LACHLAN."

Mr. Charles Bessell, the able and indefatigable secretary of
the General Steam Navigation Company, London, has ad_
dressed the following letter to the newspapers :

"-General Steam Navigation Company,
No. 69, Lombard-street, London, Sept. 4.
"Sir,—l am desired to send you the following extract from a
letter, received this morning from the agent of this company
at Ostend, stating that the Talbot steam-boat had gone on shore,
near the entrance of that harbour. _ _

" It will be seen with satisfaction that be the judicious con-
duct of the captain, the passengers were all 'landed in safety :

_
. " Ostend, Sept. '2.
" ' I have the painful duty to report the Talbot steam-boat
being stranded near the entrance of this harbour, between
twelve and one o'clock yesterday. This misfortune will, how-
ever, be greatly mitigated by the knowledge that no lives were
lost, which may be greatly attributed to the ability and good judg-
ment displayed by Captain Major in placing the vessel in a
favourable position, after every other effort had become useless.
No less than three vessels of different descriptions were wrecked
at the same time with the Talbot, and it is only astonishing
how she kept the sea so long; the gale commenced on Friday
night, and continues with little abatement to the present time."
"I am, sir, your obedient servant,
"CHAS. BESSELL, Secretary."

SHIP BUILDING.—The ship-builders' yards, on the Clyde,
exhibit the hum and bustle of industry. Scarcely.. a week has
passed this season but one or more vessels, a. goodly number of
them steamers of the largest class, have been launched; and no
sooner has one vessel gone off the stocks than another keel is
laid in her place. Three or four large ships, destined for the
China trade, are in course of building—and which, when com-
pleted, will exhibit a commentary on the excellency.. of Clyde
ship-building.—Glasyow Courier.

PROPOSED -PLAN OF EMIGRATION TO TIE HIGH
LANDS OF THE BRITISH WES INDIES.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL ST.IXD✓IRD.

Six,—ln my last letter on this subjett4, proposed to shew,
Ist.-T-." the benefit likely to arise to the negroes from emigra-
tion."—l have already endeavoured to chew, that happiness is
not a necessary consequence of idleness—that the negroes aro
by nature indolent, and that great apprehensions are to be
entertained, that when they become entirely their own masters
they will indulge their idle habits to such au excess, as may
cause them to relapse into a state of barbarism.
These are the views which caused my opposition to the mea-
sure, before it became the law of the land, and it is to the cor-
rection of this point I now address myself.
Allow me here to call upon every friend to the abolition of
slavery, upon those who most violently opposed it, upon all
those who wish well to their country, and to humanity, to co-
operate with me in this great measure.
I must call upon my readers to imagine to themselves a coffee
estate with, say, three hundred negroes upon it, the minds of
whom have been for the last ten years kept in a state of high
excitement by the agitation of measures in this country intended
for their benefit; these measures are now determined upon ;
but,—will the negroes be satisfied with them ? Are they such
as will come up to their previously formed expectations ? No !
with them, "labour" and "slavery," are, as yet, synonymous
terms.

The word ‘,"APPRENTICE" they will not understand, and they
will look, it is to be feared, to the expiration of it, as the period
when they are "free to be idle."
An unwelcome fact this to the friends of the bill; but because
unwelcome, let it not be concealed, let us rather look at it in the
face, and if possible overcome it.
Let us then imagine the probable effect of the introduction of
ten white families of our civilized peasantry, consisting, say of
five persons each,—into this community of three hundred blacks.
Let us suppose that such only be sent as have habits of morality
and industry previously formed, that comfortable cottages are
prepared for them, moderate labour furnished to them, and re-
muperation in return—equal to the supply not only of the ne-
ceAsaries and comforts, but luxuries of life—let us look at, say
thirty of these fifty persons, attending to their agricultural la-
bour with alacrity during the hours devoted to work,—and
returning to their white-washed cottages and happy-families in
the evening ; there and in their own immediate circle enjoying
themselves, as the labourers of England do, when the toils of
the day have ceased. Man, all over the world, is an imitative
animal. The cleanly cottages—the small but neat gardens be-
fore the door of the whites, would first attract notice ; then, the
decent clothing, the moral conduct of English families as com-
pared with negroes, would in time command attention..
Then the unwearied industry, the thought of..providing for
the future support of themselves and families, which their habits
would exhibit, would be observed; and, in the course of time,
is it unreasonable to hope, imitated? The desire to be equal to
them would be created, and the gratification of, this desire could
only be accomplished by industry. The negroes on this estate
would soon discover that these "buckras" and their " picaninnies"
were obliged to work in the field like themielves, and that ex-
actly the same means would be open t 6 them to reach the same
end at the expiration of their apprenticeships.
The machinery of life would thus be daily placed b.,fore their
eyes, in the operations of which, by and by, they are to take
their part. This chiefly (but not only) is the education which
I would give them.
There are upwards of 300,000 negroes in Jamaica alone. Let
me ask the philanthropist to picture to himself the great moral
effect likely to be produced in the course of a very few years on
such a number of our fellow-creatures by the plan which I pro-
pose.—l now come to show, secondly, "the benefit to the emi-
grants."
The Earl of Belmore, when Governor of Jamaica, once ad-
dressed the House of Assembly in these words :—" The re-
sources of this fine island can never be fully developed so long
as slavery exists." Never did statesman make a truer, seldom
a more ill-timed observation., Years hence wilt show that his
lordship spoke with a.prophotie ken; and 'years hence, those
who blamed will praise. There is not a berry of coffee or
pimento shipped from the island, the labour attendina which
cannot be done by white European men, women, and children.
The labour to be performed is like the gathering of goose-
berries, (sans epines,) then the coffee has to be pulped, dried
upon the barbicues, put into bags, and is carried to the low
lands upon the backs of mules and asses. In short, I fear-
lessly assert that one-third of the labour performed by the
300,000 negroes in Jamaica, can be done better by the white
Europeans, and without injury to their health.
The remuneration that they would receive would be—a com-
fortable cottage for each family, and a certain quantity of
ground attached. But I shall here give an extract from a letter
which 1 received by the last packet, from a very particular
friend in Jamaica, au eminent medical practitioner, and an
extensive proprietor:—

" Kingston, Jamaica, Bth July, 1833,

" You would be conferring a great benefit both upon us and
your poor fellow-countrymen were you to send out to us a number
of them as free labourers. I would instantly place some hundreds
of them in the mountains beyond the line of fever, where there
would be abundance of occupation and better pay than they re-
ceive in their own country. Their food would be yams, (like
and equal to any potatoes,) plantains, cocoa, salt fish ; their
own hogs and poultry, and sometimes fresh and salted beef and
pork ;—houses, gardens, and clothing, besides a sum in money,
weekly," &c. &c.

The following is from a German planter, resident in St. Da-
vid's. Jamaica :

" Wishing now, as well as yourself, to forward the welfare of
and secure the properly in the island, I am ready to take twenty
free labourers,* males and females with their children, but ex-
cluding old people, under the following conditions :—For the
first year I could pay to each able person £8 Jamaica currency,
maintaining them for nine months in the following articles, viz.
twelve
.yards of duck, six yards of pennistones, a coarse hat,
one pair of shoes, one iron pot sufficient for two people, and one
frying pan, giving them for food a weekly allowance of 501bs. of
yams or cocoa, or 70 full grown plantains, Gibs. salted fish, and
Gibs. salted pork, or fresh if it could be procured, coffee, and half
pound of sugar, and one quart of rum. To enable them to
maintain themselves after the first nine months,,l agree to as-
sign them on their arrival two acres of virgin land for each
labourer for cultivation. It requires no remark that I would
provide for them good commodious habitations, and on finding
them faithful and industrious improve their wages. Infant chil-
dren I would maintain until their parents were able to do it
themselves, and those that could be in any way useful to the
property I would give clothing. Medicines and medical attend-
ance I could keep for these emigrants the first year only, leaving
it to them to procure these things afterwards."
But, doubtless, the industrious emi„,,,rant would look forward
to something beyond being a mere labourer, if not for himself,
fOr his children.

And where, let me ask, is there a better field for industry and
perseverance? Almost every description of climate that is to
be found in Europe is to be met with in Jamaica.
In short, the cold, dismal, cloudy, wet days of this country are
there unknown, and a healthier race does not exist than the in-
habitants of the mountains. _ _ • _

Hundreds of thousands of acres of rich and fertile land in the
parishes of St. James, St. David's, St. George, &c. &c. remain
still in a state of nature, and to this hour uncultivated; valuable
copper and other mines, unexplored, and whole forests of rich
and rare. timbers, uncut, in consequence of the want of roads;
and difficulty of conveying it to the sea-coast. Let, then, the
tide of emigration flow thither ;—let British enterprise, British
industry, British Capital, find a safe home thither, and then,
and then only, can the "resources of that fine island be fully
developed."
This is but a feeble outline of the benefits-to the emigrants,
but for the present it must suffice._
I now come, thirdly, to " the benefit of the planters," which
shall dismiss briefly. The best proof is, that there are several
letters in this country, (I hold four) requesting that free la-
bourers be sent out to them. Landed property would be of
little value in this country without labourers to till the soil; the
seine observation. applies to Jamaica, the owners of the soil
there are apprehensive that the blacks will not work, and
they want from this country whites that will, in order to make
their freeholds valuable.
It is chiefly with respect to the low lands that this apprehen-
sion exists. It is not, I hope, presumptuous, to suppose that
the Almighty has created, in his all-wise providence, not only
different climates in the world, but human beings to inhabit
and to work in them, without injury to themselves respectively.
I would not place a black man to work in the open air in
Russia, or even in England, during the depth of winter, nor
would I a white man to dig cane holes in the low lands of Ja-
maica; but I would, by my plan, endeavour to supersede the
necessity of any black.labourers in the mountains, and by hav-
ing 50 to 60,000 whites there, bring down say 100,000 blacks to
the low lands. This would benefit the planters without injury
to the negroes; to the former it would give a greater quantity
of labourers, consequently, a greater competition in the market,
and a greater certainty of getting off his crops; to the latter,
it would make the necessity of working greater, consequently,
less fear of their relapsing into barbarism.
I now come, fourthly, to the benefit to the mother country.
You cannot benefit any of England's colonies without the
largest portion of such benefit flowing; back to England.
Let us then suppose the industry of fifty or one hundred thou-
sand
persons transferred from this country, in which their
ut-
most exeitions, early and late, can scarcely furnish the mere
necessaries of life, to one where two-thirds the toil will bring
three-fold the return.
How will this additional return be spent? -It will reach Eng-
land every fraction of it; all their wants are English; and an
additional impetus will be given to Enniish manufactures and
to British shipping. Let us suppose that emigrants, or emi-
grants' children, make a fortune—where will it be spent ?—ln
England, to be_sure.
Will the successful Brazilian, or French, or Dutch merchants,
planters, or emigrants do so ? No—but this is not the question,
and I close this branch of my subject, being convinced that it
must be allundantiy plain to those who may be disposed to spend
a thought on it.
Lastly, I come to an " outline of the plan."
I confess I have not bestowed sufficient thought upon this
part of the subject, but I-sUppose there cannot be much ffifli-
culty in carrying it into effect, if once determined upon.
From the rules of the numerous emigration societies now
formed, those parts could be adopted that would apply to the
West Indies. Sufficient encouragement should be held out to
induce our respectable peasantry to emigrate7-their passage I
think ought to he paid, and none hut families permitted to em-
bark under the auspices of the society, and only such families
as would bring to the director a satisfactory document signed by
the clergyman of the parish, that such families were, to his own
knowledge, industrious, sober, moral, &c.
&parent society ought to be formed in this country; and

in the hands of government, or patronised by them, so muci
the better. Collateral branches in the colonies ought to be
established, whose duty it should be to furnish the parent so-
ciety with lists of the probable number of emigrants required,
and to see that proper cottages were erected for their reception,
and to have mules, &c. waiting their arrival to send theua to
their destination, without spending a day in the low lands.
I have thrown my ideas together loosety, and I feel that I
have not done justice to the subject; in short I have had but
little leisure to devote to it, and I hope that it may be taken up
by an abler pen.—Y ours, &c. A JAMAICA MAN.
• lie has not more than seventy or eighty negrocs.

THE APPROACH OF PESTILENCE.—SOIne one of the Times'
correspondents suggests the necessity of cleansing the streets,
lest a pestilence break out, and recommends each householder
to pay one shilling for th4t purpose, as a fund for employing the
poor to cart the rubbish away. Query—does the correspondent
include Printing-house-square in his range of nuisances? be-
cause, if he does, we shall be most happy to contribute our mite,
for the " putrid matter" which issues from that sink is quite
insupportable.—Age.
LADY BLESSINGTON'S NOSE.—What! How! Laughable!
Ridiculous! Out of the question ! Impossible! Preposterous !
are exclamations naturally resulting from the notion that we
are about to write an essay on Lady B.'s nose. Lord knows
'tis no such thing. We only mean to remark the singular fact,
that the valuables stolen the other day from her ladyship's
house, consisted almost exclusively of coronetted snuff-boxes.
We lope her ladyship affecteth not a practice which sooner or
later must substitute the epithet "snuffy" for "gorgeous."—
Age.

SEPTEMBER. 6, 1833.

TIIE SPEAKER'S SPEECH TO THE KING ON THI3

PROROGATION OP PARLIAMENT.

The Speaker, with about sixty or seventy members, appeared
at the bar and delivered the following speech:— •
" May it please your Majesty,
" We, your Majesty's faithful Commons of the United Kunr.
dom of Great Britain and Ireland, attend your Majesty wit"
our last bill of supply.
" And, sire, in reviewing our labours of the last seven
mouths, it may, I think, be truly said that the history of Parlia-
ment will not furnish a session so wholly engrossed and over-
whelmed with matter so various and so difficult in its charac-
ter, and so deeply important to the vital interests of the empire
as this session, which, with your Majesty's permission, is wow,
about to close..
" Sire, we have applied our most anxious attention to the •
completing new arrangements with the Bank of England, to .
the renewal of the charter of the East India Company, to the
opening the trade and commerce of this country with China, t°
the abolition of slavery in the West India colonies, to the re-
visal and alteration of the temporalities of that part of our
established church in Ireland, to the making good the payment
to the tithe-owners of Ireland of those arrears to which they
were legally entitled, but of which, from the disturbed state of
some parts of the country, they have been illegally deprived--
and to the endeavour (and, I hope, experience already entitle
me to add, the successful endeavour) to restore the public pool
and the security of life and property in that part of the Lnitett
Kingdom, by the adoption of such measures of strength and
severity as seemed alone adequate under such pressing neceshi'
ties.

" Indeed, sire, I may say than matter as important as nu-
merous, involving the greatness, the stability, and the welfare
of this country, in its credit, in its colonial prosperity, !n
trading and commercial interests, in the internal tranquillity!)
a portion of the empire, and in some of its great and ancientyl-
stitutions, have altogether most fearfully pressed upon us during
the present session.
" And, sire, if length of time, and intensity of labour, and
anxious deliberation, with a full consciousness of the magnitude
of the concerns with which we were dealing, are favourable,
and sure presage of what may be anticipated as the results 0f
our measures, we shall, indeed, be amply compensated for all
our unwearied exertions, and shall have the satisfaction to feel
that we have discharged faithfully to our constituents and W
your Majesty those duties which your Majesty was graciously •
pleased to point out to us in your Majesty's speech at the open-
ing of this Parliament."

Zbe Eiberpool Alanbatt.

FRIDAY MORNIAW: SEPTEMBER 6, !SW-

We are yet unable to announce any arrivals from
America of the late dates we expected, owing to the still
prevailing contrary winds. Our last advlces from New.
York are to the 9th August. The following are the only
extracts of any interest :

CHOLERA.--The Cincinnati Herald of the 24th July, says, "0
we feared, the great and oppressive heat that has Marked the
last few days increased disease in our city. Yesterday 1113,1 to'
day there have been a number of deaths from cholera; and ire
very much fear it will continue to increase in malignancy if
there is not a change shortly in the weather. The thermometer
has ranged from 90 to 100. Business is dull in all parts of the
city, and money mote than ordinarily scarce—the effects of the
prevalence_of the disease in the surrounding country, more
particularly in Kentucky. Five years, it is said, will not re"
store many of the flourshing towns in Kentucky to the pros'
perous state in which the cholera found them."

Extract of a letter from Kershaw District, July 29. " Cottoil
has commenced opening in the fields. A few open pods Were
gathered from a plantation in Summer District, on Friday last'
The prospect of the Planters in Sumpter, Kershaw and Lau"
caster are very promising."
GREENVILLE, (S.C.) July 27.—The weather has been alr"
ceedingly hot and dry for the last ten or twelve days.—Although
there have been showers in different parts of the District, maul
of the corn fields are suffering severely.—ln fact; if we do Oat
have rain in a short time, the crop of corn will not yield more
than one half its usual quantity. Oats are very fine this seasoep
and the farmers have had an opportunity to harvest their ad
without injury from rain.
CHOLERA.—The following is an extract of a letter receive('
in Savannah :—" MURFREESBORO (Tenn) July 16. We arrived
here—within thirty-three miles of Nashville—yesterday, and
find myself completely hemmed in by cholera on Ili'
points. There has been but one case in this place, and that
was brought from that ill fated little town Shelbyville, cow
taining from 700 to 800 inhabitants—out of which, theta
were in four days 105 deaths by cholera. It is said now that
the cases in this section of the country are of a milder tYP
than when it first broke out. Nashville is not yet clear from it
but it appears to be subsiding.

The Times of Monday last, in answer to a complahat
of the Morning Post, which had detected the former
in pilfering from its pages, says We never copy anY
original matter without naming the source whence it

comes."

How cool, how precise, and yet how false ! It ar
pears to be modesty and conscious innocence on the Part
of the Times; but it is, nevertheless, as full of asses,
rance, and as untrue, as the swagger of a well-dressed
member of the swell mob. There is not a paper in Eu
land more illiberal in its extracts, more contracted in its
sources of domestic information, or one more addicted In
the meanness of pillaging other journals without acknor
ledgment. We could point out a hundred instances
within the last six months, but one will for the present
suffice, as it concerns ourselves.
In the LIVERPOOL STANDARD Of the 20th August,
a second edition, we published, exclusively, the procla-
mation of Lord MULGRAVE to the slave population 01
Jamaica, and that of Sir CARMICHAEL SMITH to the slaves
of Demerara, with some extracts from the Janial
Courant. These, we say, we received exclusively, 'and
we introduced them with severffl connecting observati°o:
of our own. The intelligence and the extracts were lie
nour_ably acknowledged by several of the morning papers
of ',Condon. The Times alone took -them wholesale'
comments and all, and published them without obs'ertl:
tion or acknowledgment ! Where then, goes the truth
of its answer to the Morning Post 7 Is this the waY
.
which it "never copies any original matter without na°l‘
ing the source whence it comes ?" Oh I oh! -

If in the session of I?arliament just ended we hay°
reason to complain of an excess of talk, we cannot 011
good grounds complain of an insufficiency of pro
The police reports of the metropolis too often inform u
of cases where certain speculators pay a bill of tea
pounds in order to obtain credit for five or ten times e.:
much, thus appearing to be honest and prompt in tilele
payments merely that their unsuspecting victims maY h
thrown off their guard and easily defrauded to a °II'
siderable amount.
A large portion of our reformed representatives,
are sorry to say, seem to act upon this rule.. They have
not been content with talking time away iii the first see
sion, but they have stated it to be their intention t 0„,,,,
new the war of words, and recommence their unceasl;
palaver in the session to which they look forward oleto
pleasure, and to which the rest of his Majesty's subje, of
look forward with fear and trembling. Their lig‘tho
notices and motions on this head, besides being
,00
dullest and most unintelligible, is also the longest
paper" we have ever had the misfortune to peruse.
re,
These men—for we allude particularly to the ultra s,
formers and a few " base whigs" who profess to be Pa,
triots—these men when they first offered tbemselveseit
candidates for the reformed parliament, came before t`lihol
constituents loaded with as many pledges as would,
they been genuine or sincere, have sunk a coal 1191.71,
That these pledges were counterfeit, and made for it,
refoimers, like the Jew's razors, not for use but for re,
-:--pledges of imposition which they never intended °to
deem—pledges given by one quack to impose 'lry
t
another, is now clearly proved by an examinatiol
books of the session, by the recorded votes, by tile, 0,3'
and nefarious jobs, by the shuffling, sneaking, eqmsolf'
ting conduct of the parties so self-bound but novv..ej,
condemned, and we hope and trust universally desr:tora
They themselves had some forebodings of this 11' gas
a short time before the termination of the session'ocor
far as any sense of shame could influence these he aritY
able members, they felt uneasy at the glaring drop
xl3lll
between their professions and their acts. TheltioF,
not conceal, even from their own heartless reflex ger"
the suspicious aspect of their balance sheet—the ntll
ing amount of their dishonoured engagements-- r
strong opinions which had gone forth, and whiellearitiii
events had confirmed, relative to their political 111 t 1111
Thus situated, something had to be done to palliat e t'o de;
if possible justify, their conduct. It was necessoll
vise some mode of blinding their constituents--t°4
v
the worse appear the better reason—and o/e,•.11
e •
abled to drag them through the mire once
, $
slaves at their chariot wheels,
,t

But what could they do ? Do.!--listen reade'
Tbes/
moment—these gentlemen can do anything. .00 e
upon the expedient of renewing their obligati of re(
withdrawing their dishonoured bills by mennsoloPA,
newed acceptances, made payable in the nest teirLf
parliament. They had not been able to turn:14:1;114-,
triotism to accountin the_ ther'

BEPTEMBEP. 6, 1833

craved.time for the purpose of trying their fortune in the
Beerid• To accomplish this
praiseworthy' object they
haveil accordingly entered upon the journals of the
THIRTY-FOUR
of Commons no less than ONE HUNDRED AND
I...Hurry-FOUR notices of motions for the year 1834.
These notices embrace all sorts of subjects, from the ex-
pulsion of bishops from the House of Lords, to regula-
tions for the sweeping of chimneys—from O'CONNELL'S
1.
111 fur a repeal of the union, down to Mr. SILK Bucx-
INorrAm's bill, which proposes that the " survivor in a
duel shall be compelled to maintain, as his own, the
family and dependants of the slain"—rather a curious
"s', upon the whole, of preventing duels !
We have not time to wade through the long list Of
these notices, but shall content ourselves with selecting
a few of them at random, chiefly to show the prodigious
Work Which is already carved out for the next session.
,First and foremost stands the member for Ireland, Mr.
° CuNNELL, who is to subrc.it a declaratory motion,
''that the evils inflicted upon the labourers in Ireland
and the operatives in England are caused by the legisla-
tive,, union between the two countries." Secondly, Mr.
" CONNELL is to move for the re-establishment of a " do-
mestic legislature in Ireland." This is pretty good for a
..eginuing. A domestic legislature is out of the clues-
uon ; but as to a repeal of the union, that we consider
t° he repealed in part already, and we see no objections
t(,) a total repeal, provided Ireland would keep at home
those myriads of starring beggars ydro annually infest
tp,i, country, and eat the bread of the English labourer.
Ine Peasantry indeed ! Rags, filth, ignorance, cunning,
treachery hypocrisy, dishonestythese constitute the
best sPecimenxof the " finest peasantry in the world."
.r
these be your best, Mr. LIBERATOR, what must your
secondary and-worst grade be ?
After O'CONNELL comes Sir WILLIAM INGILBY, who
18 to move that " it would promote the religion and mo-
"ilty of the country if the right reverend bishops were
110 longer summoned to -the House of Lords !" Mr.
GAIL" has given notice of a motion to the same effect.
Mr. RUTHVEN is to move for the abolitiOn of all sine-
t.lll.e Places. Mr. METHUEN has a similar motion on the
uooks.

r..:RYEa is to move for the total repeal of the corn
.aws.

Nlr . .
t • § HEIL moves for the admission of Roman Catholics
°, 143' fellowships, professorships, and scholarships in
.1
rinity College, Dublin.
Mr• JOSEPII PEASE has two motions; one for the repeal
of the duty on the exportation of coals, and another for
e repeal of the duty on bricks ; in both of which motions
wi
we sincerely hope that honest JOSEPH has not overlooked
18 worldly interest.
i Mr. FAITHFUL has a motion for regulating and equal-
Zing the incomes of bishops, and another to prevent all
:Penditure by-candidates at elections. This last is can-
did at any rate. Take care of your money, friend FAITH-
-11,,L, by all means.
h.,11.1r• BUCKINGHAM is to move for the reduction of the
onal debt.—" All debt whatever" would be the better
reading.
„ Nir• EWART is to move for the repeal of the act
inwilkiell empowers judges to order murderers to be hung
cuaies." How very considerate !
ceolonel WILLIAMS moves for the reform of the United
~.,lltireb of England and Wales, and for the repeal of the
"Yal marriage act. When do the electors of Ashton
I": to move for the reform of Mr. WILLIAMs?
Btsit is to move that parliament be occasionally
,;'" in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.
"is ticket, we suspect, will turn up a blank.
BuexisionAm moves the repeal of the usury laws.
MURRAY is to move the repeal of the foreign en-
161..trnent act.
41 •
r- Tooxu has a motion about chimney-sweeps, and
i‘
Ir• EWART one about the London police.
thThe above are tolerably fair specimens of the notices on
e books. Of the whole 134 motions, it is curious to ob-
rrve that nearly four-fifths emanate from new members.
eONNELL and WHITTLE HARVEY, and one or two more,
41'e the only members on the list who have sat in any pre-
/1011s parliament. To the honour of HUME he is not to
be found in it. Mr. Buexixclusi, Colonel Wiipams,
411.• EWART, Mr. PEASE, Mr. FAITHFUL, Mr. RUTIIVEN,
Ire FRYER, Mr. PARROTT, Mr. PETER, Mr. FINN, and
various other amphibious names never before heard of,
Inonopolise the great mass of recorded promises and future
°t•
i°lls. These embrace, as we have said before, such a
them,
of subjects, that should any attention be paid _to
'ern, the whole time of the coming session must be al-
ready forestalled. The object of these motions is plain
enough ; and it is quite possible that many a simple elec-
t 4 will be deceived by the ostentatious parade of business
hllB made, and attribute that to zeal and industry which
is d
llennly to quackery and imposition. In the case of
O,CONNELL, for instance, why did he shuffle off his repeal
Ckstion during last session, although repeatedly urged
th,uring.it on? Why, for no other reason on earth than
he had not made his peace with ministers—he had
4(4 been silenced by the charms of office—he had received
-„Q.aPPointment equivalent to the estimated loss of the
aetll4"--he had not succeeded in nominating the chief
steretary for Ireland,'or removing the Marquis of ANGLE-
,II These motions, then, were only motions in terro-
beni*e Since he made them, however, his prospects have
way
more cheering—he sees film-ugh
the wicket the
t"47 t° his ambition—and if ministerial rumours speak
,rrne, the Office of Attorney-General is at his refusal. The
.tortity papers now announce that Lord ANGLESEY is
lat ree°lled, and we all know that Mr. LITTLETON, the
facelY-appointed secretary, is O'CONNELL'S nominee. In
t. ministers seem resolved to buy this impudent trader
tirr.ebellion on any terms, and Ireland is to be placed en-
„Y at his mercy. Who the new Viceroy is to be is not
het4e tl ed. but we can have no difficulty in conjecturing that
tie"' be some seventh-rate statesman, whose qualifica-
tells for governing Ireland are in the ratio of his total ig-
norance of every thing connected with that unfortunate
a Iltry. It would not surprise us if Lord TEYNHAM were
PPOi rated,
With
do respect to the other. originators cf future mo-
\vitt% they are principally the imitators of O'CONNELL,
• l?lit exactly comprehending his drift, or being in a
,Rion like him to make their speculations profitable.
lZ'l ,Rion
conduct, however, is equally reprehensible, and
'we suspect, particularly as regards those who are
whgl,isli members, meet with a very different reward
dis '4
the day of trial comes. If we could only have a
the solution of Parliament, it would be rare sport to see
th gambellings, contortions, and dying speeches of
'se human jackalls of the reform bill.
c
ttir_"temptible as they are, still if it were possible to
40:1 their exertions to any good account, we should be
wer3: to see them expelled from Parliament. when
tion:ook at the nature and character of. their several mo-
lave
and consider the pitiful and personal object they
at th:11 view by these motions, it is impossible to look
tinisa,, in any other light than that of an honourable
in%titutict- Their united strength is directed against the
of the country-. Like vermin in vegetable
IbifeeyotniFidsestiny is
eatin to destroy. They have not an idea
g*, sapping, undermining, and levelling.
dead in the green leaf, and they revel in it till it
church—the
antid withered. The Socinian worm. gnaws at the
the beggar fly of Ireland sucks Protestant blood
Whi
Courts of 1g caterpillar and the Broom ant infest the
aw' and equity, and destroy parchment—the
tlx.ro • •
.N snail feeds upondestroys sugar canes—tile
• radtcalism d horse-leech
gardens the Ilrivate parks, cornfields
.and
Gthe KEY grub feeds
REY glow-worm sets fire to towns
iletts'in I upon foolScap at the national ex-
g virtue, is
in . lort, destruction, without one solitary redeem-
tl ie work of these vermin. Is there no
Illode by which they could be induced to eat one another ?

—_,„„„a,„,...._
Duke
,We have elsewhere published the protest of the t
~°I WELLINGTON and some other peers against the Wes
4ntlia slavery bill. The party who extracted this docu-
Ilit.ent from the archives of the house for public inforrna-
ii°ll, whatever may have been his motive for' so doing,
legible', entitled to our thanks. A paper more clear and intel-
e one exhibiting in fewer words the merits of the 4liestinD, or the demerits of the measure to which it re-
4, fermia more statesman-like and comprehensive view of
14 act whiqh 11FIR liai dIY -a- redeeming point in the
0
'' . ...dimi....._ 1111■.— -

folly of its details, or which presents scarcely a single
chance of escape from overwhelming ruin, it has seldom
fallen to our lot to peruse. Were there no other mo-
tive for our concurrence in its reason-frig it would almost
suffice for us to esteem it as a valuable document, that it has
excited the hostility of the most venal and, :we are happy
to say, the most falling of all the ministerial journals.
The Times of Tuesday last punished its readers, and con-
firmed, for the thousand-and-first time, its full claims to
ignorance of such questions, through a column and a
half of as puerile trash as ever flowed even from Printing-
house-square. We would fain hope, for the credit of the
" leading journal," that the people who generally " do"
the paper were indulging in the cockney luxury of a trip
to Margate, and that the duty of " perpetrating" the
first leader for the day had devolved upon one of the
penny-a-line reporters connected with the police office
department. If so, we congratulate him on his chance of
rising to the head of that branch of the profession, since
he has proved, beyond question, his powers of creating
two or three hundred lines of matter out of one or two
fancied objections to a paper, which is chiefly objection-
able in that quarter, because it comes home plainly to
the understanding of every other man of common sense
or common honesty. To attempt an analysis of such
trash at any length would • be to expose ourselves to a
retort of the charge, and we shall therefore content our •
selves with observing that nearly the whole article is de-
voted to cavilling at the first reason assigned in the pro-
test, that the measure was objectionable,

" Because it is attempted by this bill to emancipate a nation
of slaves not prepared by a previous course of education, of re-
ligious instruction, of training to habits of industry or of social
intercourse, for the position in which they will be placed in so-
ciety."

Does any man who has spent a month of his life
amongst the negroes question the force and applicability
of this reasoning ? We say no. Or, we ask, would any
man desirous of being thought to be possessed of plain
understanding confess himself so thoroughly ignorant as
to imagine that in the Ivilds. of Guiana, or in the Blue
Mountains, or other uncultivated portions of the interior
of Jamaica, the unwilling negro will care one stfaw for
" severe laws which may be enacted and enforced to
compel residence, and to repress vagrancy " ?—Or that
on "the free negro refusing to work, and wandering
without the visible means of subsistence," he will dread
being "punished as a rogue and vagabond as in our own
free country " ? If such a man exist, we would recom-
mend him to take a trip to the two colonies we have named
—and if, at the end of a week's residence in either of
them, he did not confess himself cured of his vagaries,
we should be inclined at once to admit his claims to de-
scend to the level of the writer of the article in the Times.
One quotation more from this sapient production, and we
have done. " The present.framework of society." says
the Times, "may be preserved by a vigorous magistracy
and a powerful police, with only the exception of the
abolition of the cart-whip and the substitution of motives
of personal advantage for the dread of brutal punish-
ment." We wonder the writer of this was not afraid of
thus libelling his masters so keenly—" A vigorous ma-
giStracy and a powerful police !" By the measure of
ministers one hundred magistrates are to be assigned to
the nineteen colonial possessions of the British crown.
Jamaica and British Guiana will, consequently, be en-
titled to ten between them. Now, these two colonies
happen to have a population of 550,000 souls, and a
superficies of somewhere about '20,000 square miles ;
giving an average of 55,000 persons and 2,000 square
miles upon and within which the vigour of each magis-
trate is to be displayed. It will not be denied that there
is scope enough for the display, both in numbers and
space ; and we humbly suggest that, as the faculty of
übiquity will be a very convenient one, Mr. STANLEY
would do well to fill up the magistracy from the other
side of the channel ; since, as Sir BOYLE ROCHE used
to say, "Nobody could be at two places at the same
time, barring he was a swallow or an Irishman."
This, kind reader, is the sum of the objections made
to the protest against this most mischievous measure, by
that most honest, most veracious, and most able journal,
to which we will not again refer, further than to
remark that the writer- -in it forgot to overturn
his Grace's arguments about the want of value in the
estates of West India Proprietors when the negroes did
not work,—about the examples afforded in St. Domingo
and the United States of the absence of all reliance on
the labour of emancipated negroes ;—hbout the staking
of so insignificant an amount of British capital as two
hundred millions sterling, in estates, and in the 250,000
tons of British shipping, and 25,000 seamen, engaged
directly in that trade; or of the endangering of our sup-
plies of sugar to the value of live millions sterling—of
duties derived from that single commodity to the amount
of five millions more—of exports of British manufac-
tures and produce to nearly the same annual amount;
or of the endangering the fortunes and existence of thou-
sands of our fellow-countrymen, hitherto in a state of
wealth and independence ;—of these, and numerous other
questions, both of fact and reasoning, we hear nothing.
But they are all embodied in the protest in question,
which we will not weaken by further quoting. We have
only most sincerely to express our desire, for the sake
of the country, that the issue may not bear out the pro-
phetic character of the document; although in this re
spect we are free to declare that our wishes far outrun
our expectations.

In our Tuesday's number we copied from the Police
reports of the London papers, an account of certain pro-
ceedings before Sir PETER LAURIE, the Lord Mayor, in
which it appeared that a swindler, or band of, swindlers
had been in the habit of addressing letters to mercantile
houses in Bristol, and elsewhere, ostensibly for the pur-
pose of inquiring the character of individuals stated to
have been in their employment. It turned out, on the
inquiry, that the parties inquired after were totally un-
known; and it further appeared, that the inquiring par-
ties, although they dated their letters 175,. Fleet-street,
were not to be found. It was accordingly and very na-
turally considered, under these suspicious circumstances,
that the correspondence was a fraudulent attempt to ob-
tain the signatures of respectable mercantile houses, for
the purpose of committing acts of forgery.
That forgery has considerably increased since the abo-
lition of capital punishments, is confirmed by the expe-
rience of every day. • Instead of this offence being corn-
-mitted by some needy or desperate. wretch, or by some
victim of sedUction in tee hour of temptation, it is now
committed systematically, carried on by roving bands,
by confederacies of swindlers, who carry on the trade by
whole Sale, and who havee-procured the signatures of al-
most every respectable commercial establishment in the
large, towns. An instance has occurred in Liverpool,
the fraudulent object of which has been brought to light
by the rigid inquiries and researches of the chief magis-
trate of London. An eminent mercantile house here re-
ceived a letter on the 28th April, 1833, of which the
following is a copy:

"178-, • Fleet-Street, London, April 25, 1833.
"GENTLEMEN,---I am referred to you by a Mr. John Spencer,
who has applied for a vacancy in my counting-house. He states
having been in your employ for eighteen months, commencing
in the early part of 1830, since which time he has been abroad.
A candid statement of his abilities, integrity, and general con-
duct, during the time he was with you, will much oblige,
. "Gentlemen,
"Your most obedient servant,
"`V. H. MORRIS."

The firm thus addressed, not knowing anything of the
man named, but thinking some mistake had occurred,
returned an answer to that effect, and they have heard
nothing of their correspondent since.
Now, it will be remarked that the words of the above
letter are almost word for word the same as those which
compose the letter addressed the other day to the Messrs.
Fuidge, of Bristol, with the exception that in this, the
name pencer is substituted for Stephenson, and Morris
for Bennett. They are both dated from the same place,
viz, 178, Fleet-street.
But the most curious and mysterious part of the story
remains to be told. Mr. Fuidge, of Bristol, in his let-
ter to Sir Peter Laurie, states that the postage of his
letter, and that of others received in Bristol, was paid.
In our Liverpool case, however, the letter is franked
"J. Campbell", and purports to be the signature of his
Majesty's Solicitor General. We do not say that the
frank is bona fide the hand writing of Sir John Camp-
bell; all we know is, that it appears to be his frank, has
passed through the Postoffice as suck, and was received
by the gentlemen to whom it was addressed, postage
free ! If it be a forgery, which is probable, that con
cerns the Postoffice, its acute inspectors, and the public
revenue ; if it be Sir John Campbell's frank, the frank
of the Solicitor General, that concerns him !
It is unnecessary to add that the letter is in our posses-
sion, and that we beg to call Sir Peter Laurie's atten-
tion to the facts,
