OPINIONS CT TUE PUKES

"This is a pleasing ballitd,:and we doubt not will become a
great favourite in the musical circles."--,-Chester Chronicle.
It is a very long tone since so excellent d compesitiOn has
come before us. The style of the ballad is 'yes v superior.' r The
words are beautiful, and the music is Strikingly light and full of
harmony. We tummy call this the ballad 01,1 lie seasorr,:a4it •is
deserving a place in every portfolio, wh ter of amateur or pro-
fessional. It does credit to both au r and composer, and we
should be glad to see such product ms emanate oftener from
the Liverpool press.— LirerouJl Chronicle
The words are exceedingly pretty, and the music agreeable.
We doubt not time ballad'will be popular.— Lii-erpool
This is a very delightful ballad, the words are beautiful, and
the music etceediugly effectir e and harmonious. We have not
seen a prettier song for some time, and recommend it warmly
to the notice of our musical friends.--Manchester Guardian.
The words breathe, affection and poetic feeling, and the music
hat tuunizes well with them. We do not often see such a con,
binatiOn tit excellence; and we hope that a vet y extensive sale
will attend this production.—MancheAer Courier. • •
The •atiov6 ballad, by the author of " Smiling Mirth," &c. is
a combination of merit we rarely meet withi the music har-
monises well with the words, which are written with great feel-
ing. The author will not lose any of his already well-earned
popularity by the present production, and we hope he will be
recompensed by a large sale.—Chester Gazette.

Lately oubhshed,
THE BIS 11-01) OF Cl' -TER,
A PRACTICAL EXPOSITIO of the ACTS of the
.Lls. APOSTLES. in the fOrm Lectures • intended to
assist the Practice Of Domestic It tuction and 'Devotion. In
2 vols. 12mo. or 1 vol. Bvo. 9s. boards.
Also b‘ the same Author,
I. A Pl 3 ACTICA I, EXPOSITION Of the GOSPELS of
ST. MATTHEW and ST. MARK. Filth Edition, id 2 vols.
12in0..95. I.)m-de. or 1 vol. Bvo 9s.
'2. A PRACTICAL EXPOSITION of the GOSPEL of
ST. LUKE. Third Edition, in 1 vol. Svo. or 2 vols. 12trio. Ds.
boards.
3. A PRACTICAL hXPOSITION of the GOSPEL ac-
cording to S.l'. JOHN, 1 vol. Syn. hr 2 vols. 12tuo. 9s. boards.
4. SERMONS 1/1) the. PRINCIPAL FESTIVALS of the
CHRISTIAN 'CHURCH to which are added, three Ser-
mons on GOOD !DA Y. Fourth Edition, Bvo.' 10s. 6d.
boa He, or Nino. 69. bOa.rds.
5. The EV I'DENCE 'of CHRISTIANITY, derived from
its NATURE and RECEPTION. Fifth Edition, Bvo. 105.6 d.
or 1 vol. 12tno. Price 6x: boards.
6. A SERIES of SERMONS on the CHRISTIAN.
FAITH nail CHARACTER. Sao. 10s. 6d. boards, or 12nao.
6s. boards.
7. APOSTOLICAL PREACHING CONSIDERED; in
an Examination of St. Paul's Epistles. Atmo, FOUR SER-
MONS on Subjects relating to the Christian Ministry, and
preached on different occasions. Seventh Edition, enlarged,
Svo. 103. bug. hoards.
8. A TREATISE on the RECORDS of the CREATION,
alai on the Moral A ttrtbutes of the Creator. Sixth 'Edition,
2 vols. Svc). El 14. boards.
9. FOUR SERMONS on Subjects relating to the,Christian
Ministry, and preached on different occasions. Bvo. sewed, 3s.
10. '1.1111.F.E CHARGES delivered to the Clergy of the
Diocese of Chester. at the Ti iennial Visitations in 1829, 1832,
uoll 183.5. Price Is. 61. each, or the three in 1 vol. Svo.
se%%cd, 3s.
Laudon: 11.yrcit an and Soh. 'Liverpool: -ARTHVFI
NewLING, (tiliccv,,of lo .1. Davenpuit,) 14, Ranelagn4treet,
sod W. (,e tpm:c, C.Lu4o.h attest.

Emperia Parlianirnt.

thp'chair

HOUSE OP COMMONS.—VirtINr.,DAy
The hoo4ese-ia,161)!,1 to-day. Th.
few mitmtem bPforc. f,rlr h'clock.
F.I.RCTION

'Sir .I. C. Honuotise, cliiirman or the NI iidstirtre election-
cltnmittee, reported to the house that the late election for
Nhilitone was null and void, and ihAt the petition to the return'
of Mr. Fector, anII the opp Nition to it, were neither frivolous
nor vexatious, • •

On the motion of the Rizht !Von. Baronet, a new writ was
tren ordered fur t he kwoli,h of NI Aitktone.
On the !notion of Sir E. WI r.mor, the Birmingham and
Derby junction railway hill was read a seeorrl
followin, hill, were re of a t bird time and passed : —the
Southamtltnn Pier bill; the G.tv.,ley (Sitttilk) . itielosure .bill;
and the Caol'wid/e inelostire bill.

A vreut nu nb"r of petitions on various subjects were pre-
sented.

TEIF. RIOTS CANTERBURY

Sir E. KNATCHRULL said he Ivished to call the attention of
the noble lord the Home Secretary. to transactions connected
with the unfortonate and melancholy circumstances which had
lately naked place near Canterbury. His bon. colleague asked
a question the other evening which the noble lord answered
with great frankness. Now in the Morning eh; oniele newspaper,
an article had appeared, making Lord John Russell condemn
the, magistrates of Kent, and the editor went on to say that
they (the magistrates) had a strange way of doing business in
Keht., fie thought such an observation ought not to go un-
e*plained. It was not his intention, ou the present . occasion,
to go into the detaii4 of the melancholy events, and, therefore,
he should merely move for retains of the correspondence lathe-
sobjeet, he considered the noble lord would not object to,
he..,g,,d, however, to say, that John Thorn, alias Sir William
eourtenay, was apprehended on a warrant regularly granted ou
oath, io the usual way. Amongst the returns, he.wished to in-
Amin the one from the Home Secretary liberating Thom, or
Goortenay, from the Lunatic Asylum.
'Lord .L. lkus%E t. equally, reirretted with the right honourable
bayonet the melancholy mk turbances which had taken place..
With respect to the :liberation of John' Nicholas Thom, that
esisued in oinsequence of the representations of the magistrates,
but he. did tiAtive other evening intend to cast any imputations
on those gentlemen.-" Toe liberation ofThom was also brought
about by two individuals, ath ► stated that they were the father
and.olottaertor the- unfertunste individnal, and that their .sOn
was ti iv perfectly sang, and if dis Charged they would take care
of bin and see that he committed no disturbance. The state-
ments of these individuals were supported by two members of
that house. Witn respect to blame on the subject, none could
be attached to the magistrates or the directors of the Lunatic.
Asylum, as in liberating Cartenay they only acted under his
(Lord John Russell's) orders. Fie was perfectly satisfied that
i every neattadtad bt-ert Used to pus down the disturbance. He
had no objection to the production of the papers moved. for by
the right hon. baronet, but he wished another paper to be added
to them, and that was a statement which he had received front
Dr. Poore. containing a narrative of the whole transactions.
• Sir E. KN a Teo autr; wished for the fullest information on
the subject, and shottld he most happy' to include Dr: Poore's
&arras ve. _ .

Mr. Ilum't . trusted the melanCholy loSs of life vrhia had
taken place would in-ltiee the government to take some steps to.
prevent a similar occurrence in future. The hun. rfiember pro-
ceedel to argue that the only means of Preventiog such
lirmentaide occurrences was to provide a better system of na-
tional education.
Sir E. KNATeIiBULI. rose to order.- • lie •trusted the hon.
member for Kilkenny would not provoke a debate on' the pre-
seot occasion, the only object of-the urn ien Fieiiiz to obtain in-
forination. lie bad carefully abstained, in moving for papers,
to give any opinion, or make any comment, either one way or
other.

Mr. Hipne did. not wish to provoke debate. but he must re-
peat that a better system of national education. would be the
only sure preventive:against the recurrence of such outrages.
lie must, however, on that occasion, express his disapprobation
of clrgymen of the Church-of England, who were magiXtrates,
taking the Feld on such occasions. The clergy ought not to be
in tbc commission 'of the peace—he said so twenty yeais ago".
(Ele'ar, hear, and nh, oh.) The hon. metnber was proceeding
to Make nth remarks, but the braise became so impatient that
he did not p 4severe.
Mr. C. W. WYNN defended the clergy of the Church of Eng-
land.
.Ther9.was. not a. worn meritorious body-, or one which
Wasentitled more to the thanks and gratitude of the country.
He deprec ited suchnucalled-for and unprovoked attacks.

_ .
The 'returns were then ordered.
CHAPLAINS (IF THE HOUSE

• Lord J. Russizt t, appeared at the bar; and read her Majesty's
mis gracious answer-to the address presented, praying her Ma-
jesty to •2Tant prointnion- to three of the late chaplains of the
House of t;ommon:s, tlei'Majesty assured her• faithful Com-
inons-that she would take their loyal address into her most se=
nous consideration, and endeavour to coniptt with their wishes
in'the -hest mode whko could he devised-. t lie.tr, hear.)

Mr_ BAINes gave notice that to-Morrow he should move for
various returns relating to slavery in British Guiana:

Mr, 111,3tE gave notice that tfi-marrow he should move for
various returns relating to the mode of condocling banking
business in this country.

woonsTric P.t.:EtTIONt.
.Sir J. GRAHAM presented a petition from the Marquis of
Blandfordo stittilig;-,that i-n the, petition ,against hiS- return a
technical objection was to be taken by the petitioner against
hissdefending his seat:in consequenee• of the lists of objections
taken by.tiOn to Notes .of the petitioner not being delivered in
tlve time pres-critied by the -house. Now it appeared from the
deposition i'4,!-Ihe sitting member%s agent,' that be appeared' at
they proper office to'answer on his'part, but there was no officer
tbireceive -them,. and that edery.exertion had been made to corn-
plv;wiahthe forMs of the:house: 'Under these: circumstances trr
wished to have the petition read at length, and then he should
move that the ballot for Waxistock. Which stoodfer to-morrow,
be discharged, and that it betaken jot., Consideration ein'Thiirs-
day next.' He I.447Witngsses iVaiteudance to prove the truth
of the allegations in the ietitinn.
The Petition was'readlevirir irrat tfieiable.

... .. _, ..... ......._ _ ..._ .__...
-.9,krt 4-- -,c,ft! f!..143- 1Y ..iiii; If •t he limp., admitted. tke • facts t here
v(f110 kfi, . 91,J.re:rtrnp
„Cu ~call wit liess..,---but..it doubt existed he
vetu 4 FA,,ly it t.les.,
. .. ._ ..., .
.Ilim,,A. luuNF.;i,,•*--;AN shat.doubted...if the whole of the facts
la.l)ae, Pert i,,ii: were true, wise tke r_ the,house had authority tote
terfe'e'. (Flair.) -l'hey could not prejudge a question whio
must come before a select committee appointed under the grenh
ville Set.' -- - • .

*iit'tet a few,ohservations from Mr. C. W. WN nn, Mr. O'Con-
hillit'nud:Mr. Aglionhv,
-.6n the rro6;ir of Sit: J. GRAHAM,
My: W.:Grey was called to thefiar, and examined.—The wit-
ness stated that he *as agent to the Marquis of Blandford in
conducting his defence to the petition presented against. his re-
turn,

(YCoNNULL suggested that a short-hand writer ought to
he present. The evidence might be very important.
short,hand writer having arrived, the evidence was pro-
ceeded with:—

Witness completed the list of objections to the petitioner's
votes on Friday, the Ist of June, and delivered them tu,his
clerk, with orders to carry them to,the proper office before 12
o'clock.
The examination of witnesses, as to the time of the objections
on.the part of the Martini's of Btandford being produced at the
Committee Clerk's-of4ce, was proceeding when we left the house

THE RIOT IN KENT.

( From the Mor»ing Herald.)

. .
CANTERBURY, SUNDAY NIGHT.—Two more of. the deluded
followers of the fanatic Courtenay died on Saturday, Henry
Hadlow and Stephen Faker. The excitement throughout, the
eastern divitien of Kept contiaueS tq, increase. and the lanatt-
cistu whlch. Courtenay's Aasanitydlas given rise to; is in no de- •
gree abided by the death, of the imnaStor. Many of the agri-
cultural populatitm,,avwell as several of the trading class,- still
lahrtur nuder the grossest religious tlelnsion With respect to the
character of Courtenay au,: his deceased followers. I have
'spoken with several of the-labourers, who expresse,tl to me their,
strongest-convictiiin that th'wliole ut them Would rise again
this day.' .Such, indeed, is' the • infatuation upon this subject,
that dirriirsgea conversation which I had Yesterday evening with
a female:tit' respectability, who has for some time past been a
betiesiookin Courtenay's declaration, that he was from Heaven,
and :had coute demi upon earth to judge people of the world,
she said the account of "Sir William's" death was a falsehood;
that he was still alive, and that the. person shot Was some. rough
.;-fellOw who.; had been going about representing him. It had
been asserted that the iiifluence which Courteney exercised
over. his ignorant and.. wretched followers was obtained be his
denunciations against the amended Poet- Law Act, aridfiis
vemises that he would'hurn down the •union poor houses, and
perceive'in a." liberal" journal of this day hope expressed
that the. inciters of Com tenay and his associates may be dis-
coite-red' and brought to- justice." "At this oh inert," the,
writer proceeds. ''there is the Moth! of elevea • human beings
she itAritilli their means, and calling to Heaven Mi. vengeance'
upon. theirt.!' The only " inciters", Which thesednee have had,
besides Courteuay. have been the cheap and liberal journals, in
Whose pages-the spirit of inddern innovation haS•made its way
hroughout the length4' and breadth of the land i fdr there is
abund int testimony, to prove that the blasphemous Speechesand
representations of Courtenay were mixed. up, upon nearly every
occasian, with the re•volutionary.jargon of universal suffrage,
&c., to which. was added a favourite declaration or the fanatic:
that the hand ongirt to be.davided.equally among all, and that
the aristocracy audgentry hail uo more right to their estates
mart the it erking people bad to them. 'l'he assertions and in-
sinaatious t fiat Courtenay. cunningly. availed himself of the
flamed state of feeling induced among,-.the people by the new
poor, laws, and that to this ,feeliagis to he ascribed, in a great
degree, the excitement -which led to the fatal result, originates
o party .motives. Not- a syllable of evidence has yet trans-
pire„ nor have I been able to obtain the slightest information
warranttheassertion that courteuay's p-o-werover his wretched
followers owes anything to his declaration against the. new poor
loss ; nor,ind,ed to warrant the assertion that (lid An any of
his communiratious with or speeches to them, during the last
week; at all touch upon the .subject. There .is.a strong feeling
among the peasantry of this division of Kent, upon the amended
to e but the followers of Courtenav upon this melancholy occa-
sion, were
.not in that condition sto render any representation
that fie might make, or any" denunciations in which he might
indulge,.of ant. effect upon them, or at least to anything like the
-extent asserted. Nearly the whole, if tint the whole of the i-
soners, as well as the wretched' men aho have heen• killed by
the military, were in erupbiyinent at good wages, and several
possession of a little property. I understand that \Vraight,
',whit it dead,' possessed front Gtvreen" £E'°. to .£lOOO. Wills
hold: a eieofertable cottage and land under r. Francis. and
'',-'nett were, I ant assured, earning from l3s. to 155; per week
each. • • -

have ginner'," at the character of Courtenay's polities as
heing ire dernoLtore trith the modern spirit or legislation. The
fol'owin., extract Iron a. Weekly periodical. called the British
Lion, published by. the .tit;',nitie in 1833, will show that he was
lost'', entitled to rrati•eoi.e .s a politician, at least, with the ad-
viteates or universal' suffrage. v ,te by ballot, &c.:—
'`Better would it he for: the United Kingdom if 12 honest
fridesmen, 12 horfest ritrwrs, i 2 poor labourers were elected
to A.TV'e their country, railwr than the present ignorant
M-Oommtios, which is a. mock parliament,' not being the voice
of:the people. Whatever whip:, or tory may say, the present
state of the eountry fulls, shows the truth of our arguthent, that
tmleis the tithes are wholly given up, rents brought doWn to a
standard value. taxation borne by those who have the property
to my for it. England inns, go to a 'revolution; then Sir \Vin.
Coturtenav will 4n his relative value he credited; the people
must be heard when jos:ice demands it ; and when were the
wants of any peopie.srt great as the present?"
It appears ghat Courtenay on Saturday morning, the 26th,
shout ten ,':chock, passed through Boughton under the.Blean,
leading bia thirtsed tend having five or six men in his company.
fie piaceerterithrough Fairbrnok tollose*-en (where the con-
-thie Mears was murdered on Thursdafj, and a consultation
!rias held at a labourer's house on the emnrutm, . tie {here held
t‘rthr for some time, declaring to his wretched followers that lie
~lcieseended froiii Heaven. On Sunday -he: slept at Bosert
anted' i)nb.ll/41"dlir. be webtlath a party to Fkirbrinik,.and it is
but whether correctly or not I have not been able to
.ascertain,.that a loatwas broken in two and placed on a pole.

Here trey visited the house of Willis, Who rents from Mr
Francia the.house adjoining that person's residence. At thia
time there were about:3,..) persaus with Courtenay, and they car-
ried with thema white- flag .with a blue, border. On Tuesday
they proeeeded to Gdeduestone, near Favershatn, and thence
to Graveney. Here they halted at a stile leading to a meadow
hr which there is a bean-stack, and, after remaining there for a
few minutes, four of the men were seen by a gentleman who
was watching their proceedings with a glass from a mill in
Boughton-under-the-Blean, to enter the meadow and pass
round the stack,- It is stated that, those men put matches into
the stack, and that Courtenay loaded his pistol with the inten-
tion, is supposed, of setting fire to the stack, and he told his
wretched Connivers to look out at two o'clock in the afternoon,
and they would see a ball of fire fall on Graveuey. 'they then
went round Gravenev church, and over to Bosenden, where they
stayed during the night, sleeping, it is said, in a barn. Between
three and four o'clock on Wednesday morning, he went through
Boughton again, with,42persons accompanying hits to Sitting-
houroe, where they had beer and bread and cheese to the
emotint of 12s. Among other extravagancies committed by the
fanatic was the folloaing, :—he loaded one ,of the pistols which
he carried with lain, and told the poor ignorant and wretched
creatures around him that he would shoot the- north star;. he
their tired off his pistol, and said the north star had fallen. this
was believed by the fanatics, and a poor decrepit old female
declared that, immediately after "Sir William" fired she heard
heavenly mus'e. They then passed through Green-street, and
went to Norton Court (the residence of the Right Hon. Stephen
IL Lushington ) and by Throwley Selling, where they laid
down in a chalk-pit, and, the bottom of Boughton Hill, round
to Bossendeu, having walked about X) miles. On Thursday
morning the constable Mears' was killed. The particulars of
this fatal event have already been published in the Morning
Herald.
Considerable doubt, it appears, is entertained of the truth of
the statements which have been put forth respecting the religi-
ous impositions practised by Courtenay upon a considerable
number of the labouring population. Ihe statements are no
less true than they are lamentable. I have conversed with
several who firmly believe the blasphemous assertion of,Courte-
hay, that he is the Messiah, and they insanely assert that they
have seen the punctures of the wounds inflicted when he sut-
tered death. The facts connected with this delusion I forbear
to state. They are as numerous and well authenticated as they
are lamentable.'
. 1 have now given you the full details of the late melancholy
catastrophe, and of the antecedent proceedings of Courtenay
and his deluded followers. I have endeavoured to state them
as correctly as I was able from the thousand and one rumours
that are afloat respecting it. I think I have shown the true cha-
racter of that transaction, and in doing so I have necessarily
'exposed the falsity of .the statements made by yonr truth-loving
liberal contemporaries, and by consequence, the incntrectness
of the inferences they have drawn as to the.motives and design
of the rioters. - I now proceed to furnish you with tinue interest-
ing particulars of the conduct and doings of Courtenav during
his resifienheatCaNerbury, when, as you are aware, he offered
himself to the notice of the good citizens as a candidate for the
representation of that city inaearliament.. Of his previous his-
tory you have already had an account.
In .1832, when Courtenay first arrived at Canterbury, be kept
himself for some days somewhat secluded from public view,
walking out only in the morning. From his singular appear-
ance and manner, however, he soon. attracted, to a considera-
ble degree, the notice of the public. He then represented him-
self as Baron Rothschild. and about this time Sir Joists Courte-
nay. Iloneyvvood, of Evington, near Canterbury, died at his
seat. Courtenay then assumed the name by which he has since
need known se conspicuously-7-viz.,." Sir Wiliam Percy Ho-
neywood Courtenay,"' and he stated to my informant that the
death of that friend (meaning Sir John oneywood) was the
sole cause of his.remaining in Canterbury. He declaredJhat
Sir John was the only friend who bad not deserted him since
his banishment from the country, which lie said, was caused by
traitors in his family. Upon being asked what he meant by his
"banishment," he declined that he was no other than Lord
Courtenav who. had fled from England some years ago, in
consequence of the commission of. a certain offence. The-valet
of the lamented and highly-respected baronet (Sir J. Honey-,
wood) was then in Canterbury, and outof a situation, and Cour
tenay hearing that this man was in posseSsion of the wardrobe of
his late master, sent for him, saying that he wanted to purchase
any and everything he wished to part with belonging to Sir
John. trhe- valet aeborilingly waited upon Courtenay at th..
• Rose Inn, where lie purehased of him a sword, a pair of epau-
lets, &c., which bad been worn' by Sir John Honeywood tLe
last time he went to court. He then asked the valet, whose
name was Collard, in what circumstances lie then was, and
Whether his late master had provided for him. and on beitil in-
fOrnied ahathe had only received his toaster's wardrobe, Cntir-
' tetiay exclaimed " By the Lord Harry, (his usual expression,)
you are employed by me ['rein this moment ; you are my valet ;
you shall have the keys 'of my wealth, and be a gentleman for
ever."' 'l'ue valet of course gladly accepted so enticing an offer,
an breathe the confidential valet of the renowned "Sir William
Percy iloneywooil Courienay." lie desired his new (and only)
servant to hold himself in readiness to attend to him that. day
at a public dinner in the inarket.roonr. This was the day on
which the annual Kent and Canterbury Cattle Show was held,
and the dinner took place after the show. There were. present
upWarila of 230 gentlemen; amongst whom Were. the late Lord
Sorle4, GeOrge Knight, Esq., Of Godnuersham, Sir EdvVaid
Kitatchbull, Ilart„. Sir 'William Conway, Bart.., the Hon. R.
Watson, (now Lerd Sondes,) J. P. Plurniare, Esq., and others.
Courtenav hail attended the cattle-show. assuming the appear-
anceandliress of au old man, and there he played off
-many
Mail freaks, such as jumping upon the bare hacks of sonic spi-
rited colts, and trying their mettle as well as showiug his own.
He went through many other curious feats, anti altogether
made such a display, as fully to convince every person that he
was insane. About this time Courtenay published several hand-
bills,- which were. scurrilously offensive, and contained Some
gross personal libel§ against several highly-respectable indivi-
duals. These proceedings -Called forth a letter, which was in-
serted in one of- the Canterbury newspapers, and was s rid to
• have been written by tine of the gentlemen who had been libel!,
eti by Courtenay. It should be stated, that Courtenay at this
tiine, and Wherever he went, still adhered to the declaration that
he 'was the identical Lord Courtenav who had fled from Eng-
land as we have he fore mentioned': the letter gave great offence
• td CeurtenarCand some of those who supported his pretensions.
• The letter was as follows:
• • - r'ersid bearim, . well known in all places.
and at-all times—it the same person fitioigat respect-
ability in- society, with the language and manners of a gentle-
man, were acting under the: influence of imaginary or real
wrongs, instead of previously demanding, either by letter, of-by
the organ of a friend, an explanation or reparatiiin from his
• fanciedassailants—at oncetnpublish a vulgar libel,6n the latter,
would not such an individual, though: sustained by a name and
by a station, deprive himself of all-claims to any lei-sena( con-
. sideration? Would not the dock of an assize court be the most
suital•le arena for such a combatant? •

" I have put the case hypothetically, and taking the converse
of its position,. I shall now give another more closely resembling
the fact. Suppose a fellow whose social position and a hose
name are equally unknown, varying the latter with every change
of abode, superadiling the -language of a lacquey to the ignor-
ance and vulgarity. of a mountebank—if such a fellow, with a
contempt for all moral 'principle, with a perversion of all hu-
man decency, uniting -the effrontery of an impostor to the de-
pravity of au outcast—if such a fellow were to publish a stupid
libel under similar circumstances with thoSe already given—
what notice—what proceedings could the libelled persons adopt ?
Would not the presence of such a fellow bring pollution even
into the dock of an assize court ?

•' It is said hypocrisy is the homage which vice pays to vir-
toe, but the personation this fellow assumes developer a new
feature in the philosophy of human turpitude—he proves to us
there is one step still lower in the sink of infamy than that trod-
den by the criminal urged on hw passion, and unrestrained by
reason—it is that which is occupied by the wretch who volun-
tardy outrages public decency, and public morals, by graluit..
°ugly representing himself to be the person whom a fatal career
of vice has driven from his kome and from his count ry.—l am,
sir, vour obedient.servant, " Turn).

The above is in answer to a libellous handbill, signed ' Sir
W. P. H. Conrtenay. Knight of• Malta.! •
The name of the author of this letter was immediately de-
manded by Courtenay, and the author at once avowed himself.
A challenge from the former was the consequence, hut it was, of
course, treated with contempt. His next step to gain notoriety
was to get himself proposed • as. a candidate for the representa-
Gin of the city of Canterbury, at the general election in 1832.
He was accordingly nominated by a Mr. Greenwood, a respect.
able watchmaker of that city, and. an extraordinary scene of ex-
citement and confusion took place during the whole of that me-
morable election. By the .way. I may observe that this Mr.
Greenwood did not. abate one jot of his attachment to this
miserable maniac up • to the moment of his death, for he was
seen standing over his body after he was shot in the wood. On
the day of the election, Courtenay challenged Lord F'ordwich
and the Hon. IL Watson to fight duels with hint, but, of course,
those gentlemen took no'notic:. of him. Courtenay appeared
in the Guildhall,-on the day of nomination, in a rich suit of
scarlet, embroidered with gold lace, and a velvet mantle, after
the Italian mode. _ _

The following is a verbatim copy of the illustrious knight's
speech at the Canterbury election, where he oh!ained the votes
of 373 electors, many of whom were clergymen and gentlemen
of education' .
" Lord Courtenay, alias Sir William Percy Honerwood
Conrtenay, alias Count Rothschild, alias Mr. ThoMpson,
Knight of Malta. King of Jerusalem, Prince. of Abyssinia,
King of the Gipsies,.&c., &c., then sprang upon the table of the
court, amidst. ithe..,plaudits of his admirers; indeed, every
grimace he made, every action of his body, every rhodomoutade
sentence that fell from his lips, was received -with shouts of
approbatfon; for instance—' Men of Canterbury, what with my
addressing.y2u and your shouting, we shall want some vinegar
and honey to mtiisteti our Mouths, (immense cheering:), but I
tell you what it is. (in a true Irish accent,) I must first answer
'Mr.-Watson, (Applause.) He save neither ultra or radical
has succeeded.; I am neither, and I tell von what 1 would say
to them—to Duke- -Wellington., Sit. William 'Peel, and all of
them. T would say none of yin. should sit with Sir William
Courlenay. (Applause.) To the others, Earl Grey; Brougham,
Sir J. Hithhouse, Cohhett, or HUnt, I would Say you shall not
sit with Sir William Courtenay. (" Bravo, bravo! Isn't he
a good tin But I will tell you who should sit with him—the
man who would defend the rights of the people, and is ready to
spill his blood in defence of old England ! I have fought and
killed hundreds in Ethiopia, Abyssinia, and all over the world,
(applause,) and he that wins -the palm let him wear it. Now
for Lurd Fordwia. I would ask T;ord Fordwich if a man like
myself, ofillustrioris blood and high characMii, has not a right in
this free country to wear what he pleases Without asking his
leave or anybirdy dies? ("Ta•be sure, Bravri,bravo ! What
do you think of that Corti?" 'The tree 'known by its
fruits—,judge me by my actions, not by my words, as to who is
the friend of the orphan, the- fatherless, and the widow. ( Ap-
plause.) • Ask them what Lord Courtenay had done for them.
Go to the widow Lewin. near the Cattle-market, and tusk her
what t -have done for her. (The applause was here mingled
with disapprobation, which predominated, and the speaker
changed the theme.) I am of the noble order of the knights
of Malta ; and, though that order is now done away with, still
am left, and am the only one remaining. The pure blood of
the knights of Malta is in my body. (Applause.) It is an ho-
'nour not to be purchased by court favouritism. 1 would refuse
being ennobled by any party for the purpose of supporting
either whigs or toriris , one has robbed the pour man and the
tradesman, the artisan, and the labOurer, at the sweat of his
brow; and the other has given them the show of reform—has
held the cup to the people's lips, but will not let them taste—
( Here the shouting was renewed with ini'reased energy.) The
Reform Bill is a means to obtain an end ; and I would have
every Man. from the Doe of IS to 'l5 give his vote for members
of parliament. He who sheds his liloocl for old England ought
to have his voice heard in the representation. ("Good good,"
says a voice near; "I have been looking all my life for a mart
lilte him, and now he has dropped from the clouds.'') Lord
Courtenay has offered You, men of England, plenty or sport at
this election, and now 'by the Lord Harry he will offer himself
for their choice to-morrow for the county. (Hurrah.) But
mind the, any freeholder Who votes for me. and withholds his
vote for Sir W. Coswav, mils' expect no faVours from Lord
Courteuay. tie then went 91) in the same unconnected manner
for: ome time—complained of statement that appeared in the
KentHerald,-shroild like to meet the author in any way he
(tlie' writer) -might choose—asserted he Was Lord Viscount
Courtenay, who absented himself from this country some years
since: that Smithson, of York, now Duke of Northumberland,
was in posSe'ssion of that which was his by blood and right: The

sou of the Bishop a I.',:eter also held property of his. Was it
known that . tie Was in England, 50,(1i)j people, from. Exeter,
would lie fetching blur house. though two years ago the bells of
Exeter cathedral rang a whole week because the inhabitants
thought he. was coming home, and then challenged any one
present to dispute the Trinity.
Thus ended the freaks of the Canterbury election, and Cour-
tenay was'afterwards chaired, and thanked the assembled po-
pulace at every corner of the street, being dressed in his vearlet
robes,
,'rurkey cap, and continually liou:ishing his scimetar to
persouir who had opposed him. During his stay Courtenay had
been invited into the societies of No. 1 lodge of Odd Fellows,
held at the City Arms, Canterbury; 9G lodge, of Ancient
Druids, held at the White Lion, Canterbury; and the ancient
order of Prussian Hermits, held at the Crown and Sceptre, St.
Peter's-street; which societies he generally attended on lodge
nights.
The excitement still shown by the public is wonderful; hun-
dreds of perions having passed us this day, to take a view of the
field of action, and to catch a last glimpse of the illustrious
Knight of Malta, alias Sir Win. Courtenay and his misguided
followers.

MISCELLAN EOUS.

The firm of Perrinsr, Shaw, anti C:. bankers, London, have
tr.w paid 203 in the pound. _ _

The Hon. Chas. Hope has accepted the requisition addressed
to him by the conservatives of Linlitligowshire to come forward
For the vacancy in the reprecentation.

A pike was captured at a, float, in Dement Lake, Keswick,
on Saturday last, by Messrs. Joseph and William Bowe, which
had attained the immense weight of 2111b'
HAVING- AN EYE TO UUS[NESS.—A member or the Liverpool
press, on being told of the dreadful affitir at Canterbury, coolly
obserVed, "capital thing for the Kent papers."
A contemporary states, that he has been applied to by a cot,.
respondent to suggest the readiest mode of preventing pew-
openers from forwarding love letters to young ladies in their
prayer-bookS.

REALITIES.—A Person being asked what was meant by the
"realities of life," answered—real estate, real money, and a
real g,ottd dinner, none of which could be realised without real
hard work. t‘rm, I

. .
Mr. Gould,•the eminent ornithologist, sailed 'last-week for
New South Wales. for the purpose of prosecuting his researcheS
on the birds of that country. Ills absence, it is expected, will
extend to'a period of two years. '
Mr. O'Connell, in the debate on Friday, stated that Ireland
had never wined anything but by agitation. The learned agi-
tator would have been nearer the truth if, for Ireland, he had
substituted himself.

Her majesty has spontaneously forwarded to the fund for
erecting a monument to Nelson the magnificent donation of five
hundred guineas. Her majesty has also sent a similar sum to
the Wellington memorial.
INvEtticEss-sHinF. ELF.cylotc—The nomination is to take
place. the 12 inst., and the polling the 14th and 15th. As yet no
opponent to Mr. Grant, of Grant, has come forward.
A Goon WrFE.—A good wife commandeth her husband in
any equal matter, by constantly obe-ying him. She never
crosseth her husband the spring-tide of his anger, but stays
till it be ebbing water. Her clothes- are rather comely than
costly, amid she makes plain cloth to be velvet by her husband
wearing it. In her husband's sickness she feels Inure grief
than she shows.—Fuller.

A RECEIPT TO STOP BEGGING.—A person in Barnsley, hav-'
ing been annoyed by swarms of beggars coming to his house,
his refusing to give them any thing not at all preventing their
attending as usual, he at last sent for a painter, and ordered
him to Write upon his door the words Poli6e Office. The beggars
after this were seen to come asiusual, but on their viewing the
writing on the door, they made a speedy and a laughable exit;
the experiment had the desired effect.—)ruck CIL? otacle.
Punning is an indirect Way of complimenting one's self—of
saying, take notice how clever I am. Notwithstanding the pro=
tests of Lord Chesterfield and Dr. Johnson against punning,
the greatest wits, scholars, and most fashionable people conti-
nue to pun, and will continue to pun. One great advantage in
talking to a punster is, that he turns all your philosophy, wis-
dom, wit, and serious argumentation Into burlesque. He nine
times in ten replies to you by making a serious pun in your
face, which you yourself do not see.
SECRETS OF HEALTH.-With regard to exercise; judge be-
tween the two following extremes :—A fox-hunter can get
drunk. every night in the year, and yet live to an old age ; but.
then he is all exercise and no thought. A sedentary scholar
shall not be able to get drunk once a year with impunity; but
then he is all thought and no exercise. Now the great object
is neither to get used to toomueh exereise, nor to be all thought;
but to enjoy his pleasure with a sprightly season. The four
otdivary secrets of health are—early rising., exercise, personal
cleanliness, and the rising from the table with the stomach un-
oppressed. There may be sorrows in spite of these, but they
will be less with them, and nobody can be truly comfortable
without them.

WomEN.—Women make their advances as time makes his.
At 20, when the swain approaches to pay his devoirs, they ex-
claim with an air of languid indifference—" Who is he?" At
30, with a prudent look towards the ways and means, the ques-
tion is—" What is he?" At 40, much anxiety manifests itself
to make the hymeneal selection, and the query changes itself
into" Which is he?" But at the ',llama Thule of 50, the
anxious - expectant prepares to seize upon any prey, and ex-
claimt —" Where is he?"-

- GEORGE CANNING.—This eminent man was the only son of
a barrister of good family, but slender means, who. having
offended his family by marrying a portionless wife, was discarded
with a pittance of 1.:150 a-year. A speculating disposition and
improvident' habits quickly dissipated this annuity; and the
first birth-day of George Canning witnessed the death of his
father, who died in penury and misery, of a broken heart. The
widow and her infant wereleft in a state of utter destitution,
and the former was obliged for her maintenance to attempt the
stage* She appeared as Jane Shore; but, failing to satisfy a
London audience, she was compelled to accept provincial en-
gagements; and at length icarried a person of the same profes-,
sion. In youth She was beautiful and accomplished. In, after
I:. ..... busy,nes maw mat sne received to the -
last hour of her existence, the most assiduous and affectionate
attention from herillustrions son. -Mrs. tiunn, for that-was the
name she acquired by Her second marriage, soon became a
second time 'a widow and settled at Bath. Iler son took the
earliest opportunity of Withdrawing her from the stage; he ap-
plied to her'sripport ii considerable portion of the means alloWed
hart by'his faintly for his college expenses; and when he came
forth to the world, his mother shared every success. At his re-
tirement from the Ofiite of undersecretary in 18(11, he settled
upon her the pension of £5OO u-year, to which he was entitled;
he paid an annual visit to her at Bath, and made it a rule, with
which no engagements were allowed to interfere, to write to
her every Sunday. Even during his embassy to Lisbon, when
there was usually an interval of several weeks between the
mails, the Sunday letter was never omitted, and the packet fre-
quently !nought' feet- or five together. These letters the de-
lighted. parent read with no little pride in the circle of her
friends at Bath.—Cooke's History of Party.
,AN ENGLISHMAN'S FIRESIDE.--.-An Englishman enjoys the
highest degree of pleasure when he sits rouLd the fire with-his
family; and even should hb not speak a -word, it affords him
entertainment enough to see the fire. A fireside is to him the
ideal of pleasuie ; when he pronounces the word he immedi-
ately thinks of his tainily, and the train of idea puts bite in good
humour. The English are, indeed, as they say themselves, the
marrying nation ; they, therefore, find as little fault with the
marriage-hunting of their ladies as they do with the careless
marriages of their idle poor ; and even Pitt was often obliged
to submit to the reproaches 4 the opposition for his bachelor's
life; the English are, besides, by the Melancholy tincture of
their temperament, 'as much inclined to sentimentality as to
spleen. Truly, their family life is an honourable and amiable
trait in their national character. Even the coldest Englishman
will become, cheerful and confiding at the fireside; pride will
giv'e-way to a 'well-founded self-respect, heightened by hospi-
tality ; unfeigned kindness is shown to every *one who is re-
ceived into the circle round- the fire, instead of the reserve which
custom, fashion, and national character prescribe in social in-
tereourse- In short, English humour, wit, and sense are seen
in their proper light by the blaze of the coal -fire, -and one may
take it for granted, that stranger§ who have travelled in Eng-.
land, and afterwards reviled the nation, never had the oppor-
tunity of sitting round a 'fire with an English family.—New
York Sunday .kforning News.
CHARLES MATHRWS.—Chas. Mathews, before Quitting Eng-
land tor America, has been giving a fresh taste of his quality as
a mimic. In a smart, lively, and alliterative vehicle for per-
sonification, called Patter ver.Ros Clatter, he first appears as 'a
loquacious captain, whose " patter" is one continual shower of
words, falling thick and fast and drowning all other speech; and
then successively assumes the characters of a German money-
lender, a barber, and a "seltimeltal r.i;eltleitial," with a cold in
the head-got in " sereladil by boollight ;" each of whom has the
same exhaustless flow of gabble. The instantaneousness and
completeness of• the transformations, which are effected in the
face of the audienceand by the slightest means,equal his father's
multi-personal metamorphoses; the voice, the manner, and the
face are changed. The, rapidity and distinctness of his utter-
ance throughout the incessant monopolylogue—diaingue it can-
not be called, for no ene else has a chance of getting in a word

—and in two or three " patter"- songs, is such as only to be ri-
valled by the. most expert Italian buffo. The neatness and
dexterity of the mimetic artist only require the mellowness and
gusto that time and practice will mature to give full flavour
to the fruits of an innate talent and render the scion worthy of

the stock. We here allude to the elder Mathews only in his
quality of mimic; but he was more than that, he could personate
mental character.-7Spertater.
TiCns't Or TEETOTA f. ELOOUENCE.—A staunch teetotal
speaker thus emphatically addressed his attentive auditors at a
late ah4tinence meeting in Stockton :—" Intoxicating drink,"
he exclaimed (duly suiting " the action to the word and the
word to the action"), is nothing else, my friends, but liquid
hell fire, which was first compounded in the sulphurous labora-
tory of the infernal regions, and there invented by that most
diabolical of all the chemists, the deVil. Stick then, stick to
Ulmer. my friends, as the cobbler sticks to his last, for you have
no more Occasion to swallow liquid hell fire. than a duck has
for and "umbrella" nn a rainy day."—Fork Herald:
Fearful CUT NOT FATAL REscoNiek.—We understand,
that vhat some persons term " an affair of honour," took plaCe-
on l'hnrsdav morning last, in the immediate neighbourhood of
this town. 'The two principals are " gentlemen of the-road,"
in other words, travellers, for two respectable houses in the'ge-
neral Manchester trade. We understand, that the immediate
manse of this encounter was a wage?, and that wager about a
cigar! A challenge was given and accepted ; the belligerents
obtained seconds amongst their friends. and after (according to
one account) remaining up the remainder of Wednesday night,
on which the quarrel occurred, the parties met at four o'clock
on Thursday morning, in a field, bOtween Cheetham Hill and
Collyhurst. It was arranged that both should fire at the same
moment, on a signal being given; we have not heard the dis-
tance, lint believe it, was a very respectfUl one; and, on the sig-
nal being made, both parties fired, but without any effect on
the persons, whatever there might be on the nerves of the belli-
gerents. One reason for their escape may perhaps suffice. The
seconds had very prudently contented themselves with loading
the Pistols with powder only; and as the balls were safe
in their pockets, neither of them could very well lodge in the
tis e
bodiesd theth
this
ss a c 3i (
to their wounded honour, and
parties appeared to he quite ea-
).
they shook hands, and went to.breakfast, with appetites no doubt
considerably sharpened by their morning's exercise.—Manches-
ter Guardian.
The. French expedition to the North Pole is on the point of
of sailing. The Recherche corvette has left Brest for Havre,
where it is to stop but a few days. This expedition, which is
under the king's special protection, is provided with every thing
to insure success, and nothing that enuld be useful has been
neglected. • M. Gaimard, president of the scientific commission
which is to embark in the. Recherche, has been presented to the
king by the minister of marine, to take leave of his majesty,
ho teceired him .with great kindness, and again conversed
with him about the northern regions, which his majesty has
himself visited. The Kings of Sweden and Denmark have de-
sired that their countries should take part in the labours of the
French commission, and have added to it. rucn of leaning and
offitets -of acknowledged merit.— Globe.

THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD
