BELGIUM

Beusset.s, Nov. B.—This being the day fixed for the opening
of the session of the Chambers, his Majesty repaired in person
to the Palace of the Nation, where he was received with the
usual formalities, and, having taken his seat on the throne, de-
livered the following speech :
" aerntlemen,—
" Your session opens 'under happy auspices.
"I continue on terms of friendship and good understanding
with foreign powers.
" My government has been able to maintain our rights, by
defending with perseverance the position mluited by the coun-
try, and guaranteed by treaties:
"The laws for the organisation of the communes and pro-
vinces, and that winch regulates the higher branches of educa-
tion, have been carried into effect.
"The election of municipal and provincial councillors has
been regularly effected. lam persuaded that they will answer,
to the views of their constituents and the just expectations of
the country, by always manifesting in their labours that spirit
-of wisdom, prudence, and moderation, which becomes a people
that can appreciate the institutious that it has given to itself.
"The re.organisation of the State Universities, the free com-
petition, and the impartial institution of the jury of examina-
tion, will contsibuse to extend
among us more and more the
domain of knowledge.
yProizar y and intermediate schools,
public
.e
vr "The
:e is project t()uca hr
. e ('s
trt 1)1 amwi t7tn e(1 h t Primary
will complete the system of
"Prude initi
manufactures are in a prosperous condition.
The constant object of the efforts of my government is to con-
fleet our interests more closely with, other nations, and thereby
of public wealth a more free
st oc
1g: .ireviellient htill.:istleee wir:lP:tv2°mltinteillnlrse.asnntessyliel l! give rise to a more extensive
for I:vaitvhi nlsrn fulfilled
a b nati.
working
• " I return thanks to Divine Providence
in
the
coincides'
of our coal mines.
the wishes of the farmer by blessing the country
ant harvest.
Thes
"The works-of the iron railroaldsbitstroceed aith activity's
enterprise
solicitude' of my governtnenb
greatsaened nationael"l" of
excited ed i n the g"''.
thesewith twhoerkospainliloenw of
sourcethe tifuptrliftl;sl„iteet.hito
"The emulation which has been ssais
will
bear provincel.oe,irni by
'the vote of the subsidy for ordinary.ro 1
and assiduous care.
are objects of serious attention .
"The improvement' and extension of- the inland navigationt
A enact-
mentstaonyeeonefcothnetarianaindgs.it,
tbe
itaow securewill
country, and to prevent encroachments.
4 A
calculated projectof-bethperemsaeninteten
has directed its particular
you have more than once manifested,
" My government, in. conformity with the intentions which
d .
attention to the fine arts. - Success has justified our expectation.
The excellence which our artists have - .
us hope of the return of illustrious days of the attained gives
the old Flemish
school.

" Learning and science, encouraged with discernment,
follow the improvement of the arts.
" The budgets for 1837 will be immediately laid before you.
I have the satisfaction to announce to you that a considerable
reduction of she floating debt will be proposed to you. Though
the excise on sugar may be said no longer to afford a profit to
the treasury, the interest as it is will suffice for the wants of the
state.

" This result, gentlemen, attests the prosperity of our finances.
You will not forget that the burden of the loan contracted for
the continuation of the iron rail-roads, and the extension Of the
ordinary roads, is already borne entirely by the Treasury, which
does not enjoy all the advantages that the employment of them
will produce in the sequel. This loan has been realized on ad-
vantageous terms, the mode of its emission has consolidated the
national credit by manifesting to Europe the resources and the
confidence which it enjoys. The collection of the taxes in
general, and especially the land tax, which is now more equi-
tably apportioned, is effected with the greatest regularity.
" I have well founded hopes that peace will not be interrupt-
ed; yet prudence makes it our duty to remember that the army
of a neighbouring state is maintained on our frontiers in a
menacing attitude. Soe are bl
longo,tihged to erefilirke,e,apsupthaisisntialitteaorlf, tehsitnagbs.
remain. unchanged, w
Hamlet)! which -niay secure the defence of the country. -
" The annual assembling of the troops in'camns greatly con-
tributes to their instruction and discipline. We have, to our
satisfaction; great
,-convinced ourselves by recent experience of
the happy result.
" We are persuaded that you will readilyvote the sums that
are judged to be necessary for this important part of the service.
" It is to be deiired in the present' session that the Chamber
may be able to vote the laws relative to the n.ilitary school and
and pensions. .. _ . . .

The country, gentlemen, takes an interest in your labours;
it has gratefully seen every useful result of them. The session
now commencing again calls Sour attention to important sub-
jects. We have, I am certain, bat one and the seine thought,
the same ambition, viz., the glory and prosperity of the country.

To attain this object, you may depend on my constant efforts
I depend on your frank and active co-operation.-7 •
The assembly adjourned to the following- day.

UNITED- STATES.
A reverend gentleman in. the United states has just been sen-
tenced to three months' imprisonment for giving a lecture
against slavery !

MEXICO AND TEXAS.
According to the latest news regarding Texas contained in
the last New York papers, the Texian army. was about 2,500
strong. The Mexicans continued on the other side of the Rio
Grande. The intelligence is confirmed respecting the election
of General Houston as President. S. F. Austin and Smith
were his competitors. The new Mexican congress was to hold
its first meeting un the first Monday in October. Bartholomew
Pages was to be tiled in the course of a few days, for attempt-
ing to effect the escape of Santa Anna. A h,entucky paper
publishes the address of Messrs. Wilson and Postlethwaite, late
of the Texian service, which represents that the state of public.
and private morals in that province was infamous. Those gen-
tlemen had gone with their troops, and returned utterly dis-
gusted. They declare that the mass of the people of Texas
seemed wholly incapable of a just idea of civil and political
liberty, and that, so far as the extension of liberal principles
was concerned, it was of little moment whether Mexico or Texas
succeeded in the struggle.
