STATE OF TRADE

LEEDS.—The business in the cloth-hall continues ex
tremely dull ; and we are sorry to add that matters are quit
as cheerless in the warehouses, Until the existing monetarl
derangements and pressure are in some degree got over,
will be in vain to expect any material improvement. WE
believe we may say that the depression of the staple trades
of this district is unexampled.
ANOTHER ACCOUNT.—The demand for bulk goods in the
Cloth Halls during the week has been principally for domestic
consumption, in execution of orders for the summer and
autumn trade. For the export trade the purchases have
been very limited, the amount of business doing in that
branch being much less than usual at this season of the year.
BRADFORD.—The demand for manufactured goods at this
market on Thursday was extremely limited, and those sold
scarcely realised former rates. There was, however, a fair
demand for yarns, but the spinners complain of non-
remunerative prices, and several of them in consequence
refrain from running their mills full time. The supply of
wool was larger, particularly the new clip, but from the
dulness of the demand for manufactured goods, the transac-
tions were very few, and late prices were scarcely maintained.
WAKEFIELD WOOL MARKET.—We have still to report
a continued depression in the demand for all descriptions of
wool, both combing and clothing ;—the very limited sales
that have been effected are at a further slight reduction in
prices.

YORK WOOL MARKET, July 9.---We have had a fair
supply of wool, and a good attendance of buyers at this day's
market. Still, however, prices have again receded from the
last week's quotations, and many lots were left over to the
next week, unsold.

DONCATER WOOL FAIR, July 6.—This market was again
well supplied with wool, and there was also a good attendance
of buyers. Throughout the day business was flat, and a
further reduction of 4d. per lb. was submitted to, a large
quantity being left in the hands of the sellers.
LEICESTER WOOL. FAIR, July 3.—The annual meeting
for the exhibition of the sale of Wool was held this day. It
was well attended, and the quantity pitched was about
22,000 Fleeces, being less by 6000 than last year. The prices
averaged from 28s. to 30. The Hon Wilson, the president
of the Society, presented Mr. Henry Robinson with a cup
as being the largest buyer, he having bought 900 tod.
LEICESTER.—The demand for goods does not improve,
the season for the home trade not having arrived, and the
American trade being almost nothing. Yarns are without
alteration,.and wool remains firm at from 28s. to 31s. per
tod. Worsted yarn, we understand, is now 2d. per lb. lower
than it was this time last year.—Leicester Chronicle.
IMPORTS OF Woot.—Quantity of Wool entered at Hull
for home consumption during the week ending July 2 :
From Hamburg.... ....

Warp.

THE JUDGMENT OF CUPID

the Dublin University Magazine.)

knd Cupid

lips and eyes

arm dispute,

he prize

;0 try the snit

A all tl

h a winning look,
)ds could do,
they severely shook

were before in doubt,

ten times more perpleed

r.v about their case

n Cupid's face,
) a flood of tears

, the god beguil'd,
[i'd the contest then,
o fondly smil'd,.

dOubt, again

'twcre'of little use

ger to discuss,
still new charms produce,

nce thus

--- -
his rich reward ;

er 'regard

in friendship still combine,
to quarrel, till you meet

more serenely shine,

Ise nectar is more sweet

pd his judgment speak,
them in eternal ties,

new, 'twere vain to seek

CONTEMPORARY PRESS,

PISH IMPUDENCE
(From the Newcastle Journal.)

sear noticing the following most im-
a letter recently written by John
led Archbishop (Popish) of Tuam.
ould say gentleman if his conduct
iys, " Never shall Catholic educa-
s own pastors, nerve the murderer's
d of the Lord ! It is in the
he youth have been trained to

d of common sense suppose
.6ceeded from a Roman Ca-
m a prelate? Why, what

sh hierarchy when they think to
kind upon the reflecting portion
us take the first clause of this short
here that Roman Catholic schools,
i Catholic priests, are so peculiarly
rder nor treason is likely to be the
ctions, and that, on the contrary,
.e productive of those cranes. We
of the first clause of the sentence only,

m . etll mg else to say on the second presently.
n, we find the very impudent, not to say lying,
)11 that Roman, Catholics, educated in their
and under the direction of their own pas-
:apable of murdering a Protestant Sove-
r what is the broad fact ? The Roman
d none others have been the only parties
I. either here or elsewhere, of the murder
3. It is true that here and there an in—
found of a murder of this kind attribu-
nes to a soldier or a politician, but
n this, and therefore it

re in tt

)resent consideration. Let us go
re whether Sanders, who advised

[reland and the murder of Queen Eliza-
icated in any other but a Roman Catho-
s man, be it remembered, is a favourite
"John of Tuam." Were the Babing-
Morgan, Campian, Parsons, and other
is educated in any other than Roman
ols, regulated by their own pastors ?
Garnet, Fawkes, Catesby, Digby, and
in the gunpowder conspiracy educated ?
e Ravaillac was instructed in the means
an amiable monarch, whose crime was
of the superstitions which Popery is
lcate to the detriment of common sense

religion

) the second clause of WHale's men-
find attributed a proneness to
has been found to exist only in
of Ireland. The " Germanic
the rabid priest forget the broad
!ountries subjected to the influ-
mes of all kinds prevail ?—that
a" classes murder is deemed so
an's hand is raised against the
of that atrocious crime ? And
miator of a whole race of people
r fact that in no country but

,ncts (

iman life set at so little value?
t first thought that the term " Germanic"
ion to the queen and her illustrious con-
mequent reflection has taught us that this
-orant priest means any school which is
'ominion of his own church. So far
ieness to the commission of high
in this person's diocese, the
1- are remarkably clear. If
t them, they are, one and all,
'mina]; but is this the case

..rtainly not. In all the countries
ion of a system of religion which
r of absolving frOni crime, which

to the Almighty, we find every means
cottager, and, it may be, by every inha-
n the murderer from justice. So much
ison instituted by M‘Hale between Ger-
and Roman " Catholic schools, regulated

kND FALL OF THE ROMAN
EMPYRIC."

the Dublin Evening Mail).
Mr. O'Connell done, of late, that the
cannot endure his presence, and will
name ? Nothing particular that we
thing that he has not been doing 211
in fact, but what has given him the
us popularity which he has hitherto en-
Irish followers. The English, indeed,
atrocities, wondered at him for a
did at any other monster—the living
ith two heads—a conjuror in a bottle
—a Courvoisier. But they are in the
!ople, and they quickly satiate with
nost criminal baboon. Hunt had his
at one time " the Magnus Apollo"
,her, the shoe-black of Gutter-lane.
'ine days' wonder" when he comes
as he began, with the clinking of
nothing to make Mr. O'Connell
th the mob but a little forbearance.
ity of his frauds have hastened
Ipt into which he has fallen.
been our pleasing task to record the
timinabulism which put him to silence
anti-slavery meeting held in Exeter Hall.
rely had we to announce the triumph of
sound principle in his summary ejection
rinses of the Blackwall railroad meeting.
aful duty remains for us now to discharge,

1 at his

that no sufficient number of decent
—that is to say, of Englishmen who could
er at a tavern—could be prevailed on
names for the " great entertainment
_ .
I to be given to him by the friends of civil and
on the 14th instant;" and that, the
us knocked on the head, the withdrawal
II—" or any other reason Why"—
is .the appropriate pretence for "the
cement" of this frustrate festival.
tifying intelligence appeared in the
f Wednesday :

)wn ti

venca (

rawal of Lord Stanley's hill,
I Mr. O'Connell in London, and in-
requiring his immediate presence in
-- dinner intended to be given bim by the
relieious liberty on the 14th instant, is
cklt moneys received for dinner

►Y postpone
a be return,
" JAM

d on application.
Es LEARY, Sec. Dinner Committee
Manchester Buildings, Westminster.,,
" He that fasts and runs away,
May live to fast another day."

REGISTRATION.
(From the Times.)
sling of the reform bill it has been the
newspapers on both sides of politics to
notice, not only that persons wishing to
• franchise must send in their claim at
, but that. if such as are already upon
tld avoid the forfeiture of their votes,
.eful to pay their poor-rates and as-
or before the twentieth day of July.
utionary eonditior.s have undoubtedly
7vice to the commonwealth, as well
.etensions of claimants to a proper
Venting. genuine electors who bear
country from being swamped by
house-takers, who neither have
anarchical government nor contri-
g to the social system which they
By the introduction of the ten-
tlificaCioin (which, with the due enforcement
)mpanying provisions, we shall never be dis-
'egret) vast hordes of low-lifed radicals, who
Dusly wallowed in styeS of only half that va-
ait fit to take possession. of ten-pound tene-
e rent of which, to say nothing of the taxes,
neither the means nor the intention to pay.
ly the constituency under the reform bill was,
at least, artificially increased in a degree
sproportionate to the real number of qualified
say, it is not improbable, that when first en-
z the fiscal obstructions which threatened to
e unsustainable claims of such intruders, the
led mortification of being disfranchised may
)ted many of them to starve their families ra-
lose their votes. Year after year, however,
ualified interlopers have found that the re-
their franchise, in connexion with the stipu-
nent of taxes, is utterly beyond their manage-
d this artificial constituency has been thinned
