TO CORRESPONDENTS,

0* friend at Doncaster is thanked. ' Sunday's post will suit
better than Monday's.
" Jos " is generous, and his motives are charitable, but he must
have patience.

We have received about a score of letters about the pictures in
the Liverpool Exhibition, all of which we have consigned to
the flames. Our second notice will appear soon enough. The
anxious people who write as on this subject must be immense
spoons.

"A Poolt TAYLOR," on the price of bread, will not he forsotten.
The greatest cheats in that article are the radical balers, al
we shall prove on an early day. Our commissioners are at
work. We have already on our list upwards of fifty flour-
sleeved patriots who daily and hourly rob the poor!

LIVERPOOL ANNUAL EXHIBITION,
POST-OFFICE-PLACE, CH C H-S MEET-
TIFIHE Eleventh ANNUAL EXH ITION.arAbe WORKS.
I_ of MODERN ARTISTS is ow OPEN, and will con-
tinue each day, from Nine in the rning until Dusk.
' • SAM L. EGLINGTON, ecretary to the Academy-.
Admission, One Shilling; Ca ogee, One Shilling.
Season Tickets, Five Shillings.
Exhibition-rooms, disgust 24, 1835. •

Zbe tibtrpool ,%tanbarb.

FRIDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 1, 1835.

We have been favoured with Caracas papers to the
middle of July, and a private fetter from Pudrto Cabello,
dated the Ist August. The republic of Veneiuela is
restored, and the laws and constitution which had been
superseded by a band of military usurpers are now placed
on their former footing. This has been accomplished by
the bravery and judicious counsels.of'General PAEZ, and;
we are happy to say, without bloodshed. The following
extract from the private letter above alluded to describes
the events very graphically in a few words:—
" PUERTO CABELLO, 19L August, 1835.
"As was anticipated, General Paez took up the cause of the
'constitution and President Vargas with great alacrity.
" lie immediately got together 800 cavalry on the plains,
marched on Valencia, which gave in at once, as well as all the
towns to Caracas, before which he arrived on the evening of the
27th, and instantly summoned ,the refractory to •surrender "at
discretion ; they gathered their straggling force together and
left the city that night, taking a by-road towards the east; next
morning Paez entered at six o'clock, and was hailed with great
joy, and went into every street, cheering and calling out ' Viva
la Constitution ! Viva President Vargas !' He stopped only an
hour, and then went after the fugitives.

" This I call the revolution of twenty days, and has ended
without bloodshed so far. Whether the ringleaders will be pu-
nished or not remains to be seen. This I think will be the last
attempt of the military to gain the ascendancy ; and I am of
opinion that the country will ho more firmly consolidated than
ever it was before. Paez has gained great renown by the deter-
mined manner in which he has acted, and will always be looked
up to as the preserver of the country.

" It is said thatcongress will be called together immediately."
The following is the address of General PAEz :
" JOSE ANTONTn PAEZp Cimmander-in-Chief, &c. &c.

• • 41 VgINF.ZITELTANS,
"The-20th day of January of the present year I resignaci to
the nation the power vested in me in the year ISSI.

" Having completed my' term of service as president of th.
republic and the wishes of my heart, I remained happy, because
you endeavoured to persuade me int., the belief that I, during
my administration, strived for the happiness and preservation of
the republic and the prosperity of its inhabitants.

" Once freed from the cares and responsibility of the first
magistracy of the state, I retired, seeking rest from former fa-
tigues, when during a state of the greatest tranquillity I received
the heart-rending news of the publication Made in Caracas on
the Bth instant by some military chiefs, and of the overthrow of
the' government.

" At the same time I received an authorization from 11. E.,.
the president of the republic, in concurrence with the advice of
the council, to raise an army of ten tliou9and men, to place asy-
self at their head, and re-establish the constitutional order.

" Large bodies of the people have since called upon me for
the same object, and the government and a considerable number
of my old coMpanioni in arms have flown to my side, and made
offers which iecominentied these brave men to the gratitude of
the nation.

" In so critical a situation, Venezuelians, I have not for one.
moment hesitated in the couitse that I should pursue.
"As head of the state in IMO I directed the constitution to be.
fulfilled and obeyed ; and as constitutional president in 1811, I
renewed the oaths of fulfilling and executing it ; it is therefore
my duty to sustain this code, and to do this I will spare no sacri-
fice, even to that of my existence.

" If a reform of the constitution he the wish of the people,
the means of obtaining it are pointedout.
" It is not possible to tolerate that the voice of two hundred
armed men should snatch that which ought to be sought for and
obtained by pacific means, and Its becoming a civilized people
who are governed by laws and a constitution.

"Unhappy Venezuela if she for a moumzt shan't(' recognise
the fatal principle evinced by the revolt of the Bth instant..
I have resumed my sword with the hopes of not raising it
against my fellow-countrymen.

"'Those who have committed themselves ought to he open In
the voice of reason, and not overvihelm with affliction a cenntry
that wished only for order, tranggillity, and peace.
" I rely on the necessary resources to sustain the army, r►rr the
valour of my companions in arms, and on the patrieliern of the
people.

•' God forbid that I should be obliged to draw my sword ; but
should it 'be necessary I will do my duty, and those who are deaf
to the voice of the country, have persisted in carrying on designs
that can never be realised, will be responsible for the blood that
may be shed. .

" Veneznelians ! I am in the midst of you to defend your
rights and rescue ;he republic from the perik that threaten it.
Head-quarters, San Pablo, 15kh July, 18.15.
" (Signed) " JOSE ANTONIO PASZ."

In addition to the information contained in the extract
of the letter from Puerto C/abello, we learn by advice
received from La Guayrathat His Excellency General
VON SCHOLTEN, Governor-General of the vanish West
India Islands, had, upon thefirstintelligence of the revo-
lution, seut a Danish brig of war to-La Guayra, with
instructions to
_the captain to •place himself under the
controul of our respected Wit.r,ro7 Aesslt".
Esq., whom he at the same time honoured with the al,-
pointment,of Danish Reptesentative in Venezuela. Thi4
vessel remained at La Guay.ra until the 30th Jody, when
the revolution being Conslflered as entirely suppressed,
of the most influential of the inhabitants of Caracis,ivere-
deputed by General Paux and the inhabitants generally,
to proceed to Saint Thomas to bring back the President
VaauAs and Vice-President NARVARTE, wbo had been
forcibly. sent off by the insurgents, took their passage 00
board of the Danish brig of war, which immediately got
under weigh.

The federal union of the United State* of Amerie3
may now be considered on the point of dissolution. Save
of the ablest men who joined in the first revolni ionarY
struggle were opposed to the continuance of slavery, 01
predicted that it would,•in the course of events, be the
means of destroying the-republic. These, events are at
present in active and fearful operation. The moremenl
has begun—a cry has been raised against slavery--that
terrible engine, the press, is in full play, and nothing can
save the southern states from insurrectioaand ruin but
their immediate separation from the northern states.

We have upon our table books, papers, and pamphlet`'
of all sorts and sizes, which have all been started in re;
Terence to this great question, and the excitement 01,
fear they have created are of a nature which must leg
either to the titter extinction 'of the very name of liberty
in one large section of America, or to a sanguinary civil
war. The anti-slavery society of New York are pout-jog
their popular publications upon the devoted slave owners'
and
,these, in their defence, are resorting to arbitr3ry
measures, which evince as much madness as their 01911°;
nents are said to do of fanaticism. For instance,
Anti-slavery Record is a pamphlet of sixteen 7 pages' I„
lustrated by wooden cuts, in which the " man stealers',
and "stave dealers," as they a're called, are exhibited 'p
the
the most revolting pOint. of view. This is *sold at 'll
1

stpirtmEßE. 11, p=36.

j-c,-„, • .
gix shilling; per hundred; and vast numbers fist
tifttn
- are distribnted gratis, and sent thlough the post-
-44,
(the post char've being low), to all the towns,
?illage,, and plantations of the !tenth.' Another but
•rnaller publication,7illust rated in a similar manner, and
/•ntitled the Slave's Friend, is sold for five pence per
,d°ze.tit and also most extensively and. zealously circa=
jatied• Two papers, one called kuman Rights, and the
t
le" The Emancipator, the latter of a large size,. have
.
peen established ; they are sold cheap, and distri-
Out.a.
in large quantities That these publications will work
•
Pnisell'ef to the slave owners cannot for a moment be
A mO4l 'tad. That they are popular, and that slavery is held
in abhorrence in the New England provinces, is admitted
hp
t, those who denounce them as pernicious. The New
ork
Morning Courier declares, that the conscientious
Part he has taken in support of the southern planters has
been tbost prejudicial to his interests. But let us give
own words: We quote from his paper of the 19th of
Augur
it:th"rh,Lat- Portion of our readers who are in,, any way familiar
klO subject, are well aware that we have stood almost
t, " comba.ing the madmen whose infamous conduct is but
t1i°10,6%, n Producing the consequences we'predictetl—they know
1141 consequence of our defence of the rights of the Haigh,
have •ber•n slandered and versevuted by many of the very
4'l" which now espouse our cause7-they know that in this
~ warfare against fanaticism, ire havt hundreds and hun-
ti:_ii`9l subscribers 'without its having another effect upon us
tielto increase our zeal in that.cause which haw now, empha-
guY become a question of a union or disunion of the States.'
This candid admission tells far more against slavery
"atoany thing that the anti-slavery society can do, for
it
proves to detnonstratiott °that the feeling against it
111 •
gaining • -
th •
ground, and that its advocates are losing
Atr former friends. This being:the case, how can the
Planters withstand the overwhelming moral force which
is
bearing down upon them ?
snt what are the Charleston people doing ? The ani-
,°
tolll -enquirer will ascertain this most satisfactorily from
e
Pages of the Neu' Fork .Daily.,vicluertiscr_of" the
15th '
August. • • .
We published on Wednesday a-letter-from the head of th.at
87art maul, addressed to the denuty-postmaster at Charleston,.
ath Carolina, in which, after acknowledging that he had `no
ega
authority to exclude newspapers n the mail, nor to
tiD'uhibit their- delivery on account. of -their character or ten he
()me goes. on to say, that by no act, or direction of mine,
„; . a or private, could I be induced' to aid, knowingly, in
'tV7ltlg circulation to papers of this description [the publica-
(qvune' F the anti-slavery society) .directly or iu'directly. We
in al? obligation to thilaws, but a higher one to the community
I,‘„auel"ch we live, and if the former' he perverted •to destroy the
j•v patriotism to disregard chem. Entertaining these
02, 1 cannot sandier' and will not condemn the step you hare
Qin' That step was a determination on the part of the
eston postmaster nut to deliver newspapers, and other
reles in the mail, to whom they were addressed, which
811°,11,1 consider •of an inflammatory character. The post-
iza,s,ter-general and all his deputies, are under the solemn obli-
-1;`")138 of an oath toobserve and execute the laws respecting
the_m business. But the postmaster at Charleston iinagines
n.aal certain publications, legally transported in the mails, are
t he calls of an incendiary character, and he refuses, not-
standing the requisitions of the laws, and the obligations
aphisalb, to deliver them to those to whom they are directed;
er, the postmaster-general, in whose hands, and under whose
I'troul the department is plaised, though he does not think
positivPly to sanction this. determination, d
elf refuse to. condemn this conduct on the part soft his
ePtity.•

the reselUtion of the postmaster of Charleston, dic-
tated by the slave owners. of that town and its vicinity,
c not an act of madness, setting die law of the Union
at defiance, and recognising a slave-code as the law of
the
United States, there is no meaning in the American
llngtlage. The law, according to this subordinate
,s °L°N,—this teller of cents in a snuff shop, perhaps,—
the law is to be maintained or violated precisely as it
illaY suit the convenience or interest of the raisers and
'dealers in human flesh. He assumes the right of being
a B°ll of censor for the whole of the southern states. He
1
8 to decide what papers should, and what papers shonl4
l!nt, be delivered to the persons to whom they are ad-
Attessed. .The slave.owners documents or papers
i‘which' relate. to emancipation incendiary publications.
"f these, the wise postman Of CharlestOn, who most
I)tthably.is a person. iVlict earl Hardly road, is to be the
Ilidg'e• He is to decide what is incendiary and what is
", of the papers which tome to his oil or snuff shop by
Post. Re, wortliV man, is to decide how. far patriotism.
should trample upnn law, and how far the constitutional
and acknowledged rights of a free people should bt made
slAhservient to the interest of the tg Man stealers" and
Blare dealers" of the Carolinas.

This isa beautiful state -of things, ..We give2W4sit-
140TON'S ghost great credit for the blessings which its
'fluter conferred. A pOst-Master at Charleston claims
the.right.to decide upon, the nature-of all epistolary cor
rexpOnetice;'and
,preSent or destroy all printed or
"%her ticurrients which come into his possession, as the
servant of the republic, just as he, thinks fit. Talk of
Siberia indeed! This is despotism -of a far more, kion:
strous kind. It is tyrahny in the handsnf a boor—power
t!) do wrong given. to a retailer of tallow candles—sixteen
in the pound. Suppose lie assumes the power to open a
"aled letter which he guesses contains an anti-slavery
tract, and that, instead of a printed book with wood cuts
'showing how children are stolen, and females are slicked,
finds a commercial and confidential letter containing,
bills and bank notes. Are these incendiary.? They
flay be so, according to circumstances, and the wants Of

"le postmaster; but what would the merchant say when
he found the seal broken, his letter opened, his secrets
read, and his bank notes counted, though not stolen ?

lie would, of course, be extremely indignant, and be
would take care that for the future none .of his communi-
cations or remittances should be carried by. the same

conveyance.

These are natural consequences • and vet the people
flr Charleston are so frantic and mad as to imagine that
lf they can stop the transmission of tracts hr the mail
. •

they Will be able to exclude from their section what they
callincendiary publications ! They may as well think
of stopping the. winds of heaven, or the light of the sun.
If the. mail be interdicted from carrying the obnoxious
silarcels—;.if the postmaster interfere to suppress them__
"ole- other and perhaps better mode of transit will be
found. They are fighting against moral impressioni.—
they are contending against religious principl*s—they
.are making war against'deep-rooted prejudices, long
nurtured, long subdued, but now bursting forth like a
'torrent. They may combat them for a time—they may
.Plake. their land one vast solitude—they may, it the
'cause of presumed right,steep their hands in innocent
•Ploori, us they have already 'done; bht they may depend
1.31)on it that sooner of later they will have to pay dearly
for their folly and their injustice.

It w;11 perhaps be asked, why are we, who hie been
r.
"for many years the advoCateS of the West India plants,
'now the enemies of riveii in. the United States of
'America_? We answer briefly—wE HAvn A "COUNTRY-a

ilornekthat we love—interests which it is our duty tnup-
holtl. We care nothing for America. We know no other
law) than England, and we are opposed to every kind of
!Valley vvbich is not calculated to benefit England. Slit-
-very is abolished in the West India dependencies of the
:British monarch ; and being so, it must also, on a principle.
4f equity „and fairness, be abolished everywhere else,
("therwise,our countrymen will be unable to compete with
foreigners .the markets of the world. That la the
ground we take- We here, disdain to offer an argument
41Pontite abgtract question. The parliament of England
have suppressed slavery—the people of Epgland have, te
n certain eater% paid for the suppression of slavery—and
therefore it is.cur•duty, as it is clearly our national policy,
to insist, and do ottr utmost to accomplish, the abolition
.of slavery in every pact of the world. But more of this
hereafter.

The following, -which re borrow from an able London
Contemporary, has reference te so important an event that
'4'e cannot resist giving it the benefit of our circulation.
'We have before, more than once, called the attention of
our readers to the subject. It is one in which they are
all most deeply interested, and we are confident that
when the serioua and reflecting portion of them call to
mind the blessings which their forefathers achieved; the
rich legocy.they left them, the solemn injunctions'.they
imposed, and the ,dying prayer they made that what they
had under DIV 1,11; PUOVIIiENC43 Obtained for themselves
should he preserved and handed down undefiled and un-
adulterated to theirsernotest posterity—when all this is
borne in mind, and when the martyr's hymn recalls to
feeling theinartyr's -duty, and the obligations it imposes
Upon his descendants—when ail this is recollected, sure we
are that there is mot an base and conscientious pro-
teitont iu the tbtec kingdms who wilt notpold to our

anxious .request, and do grace to the time-honoured cen-
tenary of his religion. 'We select-What follows, because
it is written in a strain of filial piety and natural patri-
otism beyond any thing out humble pen' Tan make any
pretension to
The German papers give an interesting account of the cele-
bration of the protestant jubilee at Geneva. This reminds us
that we have approached, within less than a month, of the day
fixed by common consent for a like thanksgiving celebration of
the same blessing to our country. It is, therefore, not an hour
too. soon to :think seriously of the manner of that celebration.
The 4th of October will; providentially, fall upon the Sabbath-
day. The more solemn essentials for a grateful commemora-
tion of the mast precious blessing ever Conferred upon a people
are, therefore, already prepared. We trust that no man who
calls himself a church of England protestant, or a protestant of
any congregation, not merely political, factious, and an affair
of trade—we trust, in a word, that no religious protestant will be
absent from his proper place of worship upon the glorious anni-
versary; and we have fail confidence in the religious clergy of
all denominations, that they will concur with us in urging the
peremptory duty of such attendance upon every occasion that
shall intervene before the 4th of Ok tober, and that they will be
prepared upon that great. day to remind their hearers.of the
debt of gratitude due to the Giver of all Good for the purifica-
tion of his church from foul, anti-social, and in many respects
worse than pagan abomination. These are hard words, but they
speak the truth, and we are not afraid to use them. History
tells what popery has been in its tyrannical, sanguinary, per-
jured, and impure practices; and the. experience of the day ve7
rifles all that history has told, and proves popery to be incorri-
ble. We speak thus boldly, because we think that the truth is
the only justification for the event to be celebrated. If popery
is not what we have described, then was the reformation an act
of capricious despotism, as papists stigmatise it. We hope that
no clergyman will so far betray his high duty, so dishonour the
memory of his martyred predecessors, as to mince the abominal,
tions of popery.

The Standard of Wednesday asks the following ques-
tion, which we consider'worthy ,of being repeated in our
columns. Similar questions are frequently asked at Bow-
wreet in reference to swindlers, but no answer is ever re
-
'battled by their friends. In this case we expect that the
" seven millions" in Ireland, and the " seventy thou-
sand" in Liverpool, will be equally silent

" The prorogation of parliament will take place to-morrow.
Before the session closes we must put one question, which 3ve
hope to hear repeated in the House of Commons. Why have
Messrs. O'Connell and Ruthven been permitted to usurp, by a
manifest fraud, the seats of Messrs. West and Hamilton,.dtiring
several months after it has been ascertained that Messrs.
O'Connell and Ruthven are behind their competitors upon the
poll by more than four or five hundred legal votes ? The ho-
nest majority of the House of Commons have been loading the
gaols with people, constructively implicated in smuggling usurp-
ers into parliament. But this honest majority can see no harm
in Messrs. O'Connell and Ruthven occupying through a whole
session seats to which they have no more title than any two of
the lowest blackguards of their country and class to be found in
St. Giles's."

GIL BLAS ILLUSTRATED ;
OR,
CORPORATION ROBBERY MADE EASY.

lAll our readers, we presume, have read the inimitable
novel of Gil Blas, of which an impudent rogue of a
Frenchman, called Le Sage, claimed to be the author,
but which he no more wrote than Dr. Bowring did Pa-
radise Lost, or Lei;;lto Hunto Tasso's Jerusalem Deli
vexed: The style, in cident,..and humour of Gil Blatate
purely Spanish, so much so that no Frenchman could have.
conceived or imitated them. The truth we believe to be
that Le Sage, during the time he resided iti Spain in
some subordinate diplomatic capacity, procured, or, per-
haps, stole the M.S. from some Spanish monastery, where
it had remained unpublishei on account of the nature of
its satire. Hacarried it with him to France, and pub-
lished it as his n*n. •
Hosever,That is not our present business. The au-
thor of Gil Bias, whoever he was, has written for all
time, and we purpose tabling his light artillery to bear
upon Lord Brougham; Lord John ussell, and the cor-
poration commissioners.. Tn the first chapter of the sixth
hook of the hero of ,Santillane we are made acquainted
with a piece of swindling in which a good-natured lord,
called Don Raphael. Gil Bias himself, and a sort of Bk.'
mingharn patriot, named Ambrose de Lamela, enact a
prominent part. . These three had come into contact by
accident, and they were all suffering under untoward cir-
cumstances. They were reduced to their last crust, and
did not know how they could, by honest or other means,
obtain breadand wine, the officers of justice being iii
pursuit of them. •In passing through the country in this
distressed condition, they bled them to a wood to repose
fOi the 'ffigh',-aivi 'dream of a supper they had not en
joyed. At length Ambrose volunteered to go ip disguiSo-
to the nearest town for the purpose of procuring supplies.
He returned 'Oen with prpvisiois ; but what struck his
3Quipanions wjth.surne surprise was a large bundle;. evi-
dently of clothes, which- Ambrose had brought along with
him. On inquiring what he meant to do with so much
dress, *Ambrose raid the following story •
• •

" Having furnished myself with bread,' added he, ' I went
into a cook's shop, where I ordered six partridges, as many pal-
lets and young rabbits to he put to the tire; anu while they were
doing, a titan came into the shop in a rage, and, complaining
loudly of the behaviour of a merchant iu town, said to the cook,
By St. J. 10! • Samuel Simonis the most ridiculous merchant
in Xelva; he has affronted me in open shop; the covetous
wretch would not giVe me credit'for six ells of cloth, though he
knows very well that I am a responsible tradesman, and that. he
can lose nothing by me. Is he not a strange animal? He sells
willingly on credit to people of quality, and had rather venture
with them, than oblige au honest citizen without any risk. Was
there ever such madness? Llanined Jew! Would he were
taken in! My wish will be one day accomplished. There are
merchants enough or my opinion.'

The fact is Ambrose had contrived a scheme for rob-
bing this Samuel Simon. He had set his heart upon the
goods of this rich tradesman. Like Lord John Russell
in the matter of the corporations, he saw that Simon was
a prosperous man, and he longed to appropriate to him
self and his dear friends a portion of his superfluOus
wealth. It was deemed prudent, however, to do this un-
der the apparent sanction of the law. But he first cau-
tiously surveyed his premises. Hear Gil Bias :

" I lent an attentive ear to all the discourse of the tradesman,
and did not fail, when l came out of the cook's shop to inquire
for Samuel Simon's house. A person showed it to me. I sur-
veyed his shop, examined everything; and my iinagination,
ready at call, sketched out a stratagem which I digested, and
whiCh appeared worthy of the valet of signor Gil Bias. I went
to a broker's, where 1 bought these clothes ; one suit for acting
an inquisitor, another to represent a scrivener, and' the third
for playing the part of an alguazil."
Having found that Simon thq tradesman, like a rich
corporation, had something worth taking, the plan of
pillage was matured. The three reformers put on dresses
suitable to the parts they intended to play. The chapter
proceeds :
"Ambrose put on the "long gown and cloak which gave him
all the air of a conimissioner of the holy office- (How like Joe
Parks or Ur. Commissioner Blackburne!) Don Raphael and•
I dressed onrselvei likewise so as to bear a pretty good resem-
blance to a secretary Or alguazil. (This will do for Rushton or
any of the inferior commissioners.) We employed a good.
deal of time in disguising ourselves, and it was past two o'clock._
in the afternoon.when we quitted the wood. (For wood read
desks in obscure attics in London.) It is true, indeed, we were
in no hurry ; we, therefore, went at a slow pace, (how like the
commissioners again !) and stopping at the city gate waited
there till night."

The commissitm:. then opens. Private information is
first obtained from the Tom Boltons, William RathbOnes,
and other pAbliCiiiS and sinners of Spain. They seardh
. . -
secretly for evidence before they begin to exaMin-e their
.•
prime witnesses in public. Gil Bias thus graphically d -
scribes the opening of tile commission :
Ai soon as it was dark, we left our horses in this PlaCe to
the care of Don Alphonso, who was very glad that he had no
other part to -pefform. Don Raphael, Ambrose, and I, went
immediately into a-publicau's in the neighbourhood; and Mr,
Inquisitor going foremost, said to the landlord with great gra-
vity, Master, I want to talk with you in private.' I'he land-
lord carried us into a parlour, where Lamela finding him alone
will us, said, lam commissary of the holy office, come; hither
upon a very important affair.' At these words the publican grew
pale, and replied with a faltering voice, that he hoped he had
given no cause of =eomplaipt to the holy inquisition. There.
fore,' replied Ambrose, 'it has no intention to give yon any
trouble. God fotbid that, too prompt to punish, it should confound
innocence with guilt, it is severe, hut always just: in a word, a
man must deserve its chastisements before he feels them.. It
'was not you who brought me to Xelva, but a certain merchant
called Samuel Simon, of whom we have received a very but re-
pelt it is said that he is still a jew, aria embraced chris:ianitv
through motive's purely carnal. I order you, therefore, in the
name of the holy office, to tell me what you kat*, of that man.
Beware of excusing hini, on account of his being your neighbour,
and perhaps your friend; for I declare, if I perceive in your evi-
dence the least resove, you yourself are a lost man. Come, secre-
tary,' added he, turning to Raphael, 'do your duty.'
Mr. Secretary, who already had hic paper and inkhorn in
his hand, sat down at a table, and prepared with the most serious
air in the world to write the deposition of the landlord, who, on
his part, protested that he would not betray the truth. Well,
then,' said the commissary inquisitor to him • let us begin : an-
swer only to my questions : I ask no more, Do you see Sa-
muel Simon frequent the church?' It is what I have not ob-
served,' said the publican ; I don't remember to have. seen
him at church.' Good !' cried the 'inquisitor ' write, that he
is never seen at church." I don't say so, Mr. Commissary,' re-
plied the landlord ; " I only say, that I never saw him there:
he may be in the same church with me, though I don't perceive
him.'" Friend,' said Lamela, youforyet that you must not, in
your examination, excuse Samuel Simon. I have told you the
consequences of it. You must mention only these things that are
against him, and not• one word •in his futour.' If that be the
vase, Signor Licentiate,' resumed the landlord, you can't reap_
much from my deposition ; 1 am not acquainted with the mer-
chant in question; therefore can say nett her good nor ill of.hins ;
but if you want to know how be lives in his own family, I will
go and call Gaspard his apprentice, whom you may intetrogate :
he conv here sometimes, to make Teeny with his friends; and such
a tongue! he will discover the whole life and conversation of his
nsa,ster, and, I warrant it, find employment enough fur )(tor se-
cretary,' " . .

, .
The honourable commissioners having obtained a cane
to ovidencv likely to answer their putp6se, do not lose
