INDIAN RUBBER SHOES.

AMUEL JOHNSON and SONS, No. ,4, Cuuncu-sTuEET,
and No. 27, OLD HAY-MARKET, hav eceived a fresh sup-
ply of the above useful Article of Dress or those who are sub-
ject to take cold from wet or damp feet; used as Galashes they
ate invaluable.

iITTENDANCE IN LIVERPOOL AND MANCHESTER
- DAILY.
MINERAL SUCCEDANEU.M,
FOR FILLING DECAYED TEETH WITHOUT PAIN, HEAT, OR

PRESSURE, AND
INCORRODIBLE. MINERAL SETH,
Without Wires, Springs, or any of er Ligatures,
Patronized by the Royal Families'of gland and France.
MONS. J. -I\l. and A. MALLAN, 4d, BOLD-STREET,
Liverpool, and 82, KING-STRE Manchester, SURGEON
DENTISTS, (of the Firm of Malian aid. Sons, Great Russell
street, Bloomsbury, and Half-moon-street, Piccadilly, London,
where they may be consulted daily,) ardently thank their
Friends and the Public, for the distinguished support which
they continue to receive.
Monsieur J. M. and A. M. continue to restore decayed Teeth,
however large or small the cavity, with theirscelebreted MINE-
RAL SUCCEDANEUM, so universally recommended by the
Faculty of England, France, and other Continental cities; the
operation of stopping decayed Teeth is performed in a few
seconds; the Mineral is put into the cavity in an almost liquid
state, without pain, heat, or pressure, hardens into Enamel,
allays the most excruciating pain, making a stump into a whole
Tooth, and lasts for many years, preventing the necessity of
extraction.
Messrs. M. during their course of study have adopted a mode
of fastening Loose Teeth, particularly of aged persons, whether
arising from neglect, or the use of Calomel, or disease of the
Gums.
Incorroclible Mineral Teeth placed, from one to a complete
set, which are incapable of discolouration or corrosion, fixed
without wires or ligatures, renders it impossible to distinguish
the Artificial Teeth from the natural ones, and warranted to
answer every purpose of articulation and mastication, and will
be found in every respect amply competent to supply the place
of their predecessors. Natural Teeth fixed on the above im-
proved principle.
The Faculty are constantly welcome to witness the applica-
tion of the MINERAL. SCCCEDANEUM, which they so universally
recommend.
Messrs. M. recommend to
.parents, and others having the care
of children, to be particular in having the Teeth examined pre-
vious to their second growth, as various diseases of the mouth
have arisen from that neglect. Charges as in Paris.
CAUTION.—Messrs. MALLAN conceive it necessary to caution
the Public against imppsition—they are the only Proprietors
and Discoverers of the Mineral Suecedaneum.

LIVERPOOL, INFIRMARY AND ASYLUM.
tT a GENERAL MEETING of the TRUSTEES holden
on the 30th day of August, 1833,
SAMUEL HOPE, Esq., in the Chair,
The following "Report on the Case of Dr. Baird. adopted at
a Special Meeting of the Medical Committee of the Manchester
Royal Infirmary, on the 10th of August, 1833," having been
read, viz.,
"We, the undersigned Physicians and Surgeons of the Man-
chester Royal Infirmary, having carefully and maturely con-
sidered the several documents transmitted to us by the -Corn-
mittee of the Liverpool Infirmary, relative t the conduct of Dr.
Baird, in making a private examination of he female S. P. V.,
and likewise those forwarded by Dr. Bai , in explanation of
the circumstances which led him to ma such examination, are
unanimously agreed,
" That, owing to the conflicting n ure of the medical evi-
dence, it is impossible to arrive at any satisfactory conclusion,
as to the question, whether au examination of such a particular
nature was or was not essential to the perfect understanding of
the disease of S. P. V. But, we are also satisfied, from an ex-
amination of the affidavits of the young woman and her parents,
sworn before T. C: Porter, Esq., and in the absence of all evi-
dence of impure or sensual motives, that no imputation rests
upon the moral character of Dr. Baird, for his conduct on this
occasion. (Signed.)
" EDMD. LYON, M.D.,
" JAMES LOMAX BARDSLEY, M.D.,
" J. DEVENPORT HULME,
" J. A. RANSOME,
" RICHARD TIIORPE,
" WILLIAM JAMES WILSON,
" THOMAS TURNER."
It was moved by Richard Radcliffe, Esq., seconded by Wm.
Browne, Esq., and unanimously
Resolved,—That, as the Medical Board of the Manchester
Royal Infirmary are unanimously of opinion that.no imputation
rests upon the moral character of Dr. Baird for his conduct on
this occasion, it is the opinion of this Meeting that no further
proceedings are necessary.
It was moved by Edward Gibbon, Esq., seconded by the Rev.
R. H. Formby, £M., and
Resolved,—That the Chairman be requested to communicate
the thanks of this Meeting to the Medical Committee of the
Manchester Royal Infirmary for their kindness in undertaking
the investigation of the subject referred to them by the Trus-
tees of this Institution.
It was moved by E. G. Deane, Esq., seconded by M. D.
Lowndes, Esq., and
Resulved,—That the Report of the Medical Committee of the
Manchester Royal Infirmary and the Resolutions of this Meet-
ing be published once in each of the Liverpool Papers.
(Signed) SAMUEL HOPE, Chairman.
It was moved by Edmund Molyneux, Esq., seconded by
Richard Radcliffe, Esq. and
Resolved,—That the thanks of this Meeting be presented to
Samuel Hope, Esq., for his impartial conduct in the Chair.

WHIG JOBBING.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STAND.IRD.

Sin.—Although it is my fortune to be one of those, in the
matter of politics, whom you, as a champion of conservatism,
must hold in great aversion and reproach ; although I am, I
trust, a thorough Radical, yet do I sometimes concur with you
in your views of Men and measures, and find much satisfaction
in doing so. Perhaps my reasons, as a Radical, for preferring
your party to that of the Whig liberals, or liberal Whigs, might
not, on some future occasion, he unacceptable to you. I have
determined, in justice to myself and to those whom I deem true
Radicals, to draw them up somewhat succinctly. A statement
of that kind is in my opinion much wanted, for the twofold pur-
pose of showing Whigs that it is not,, as they always affect, our
undue violence that separates us from them ; to strip them of
the pretence that they are a more judicious and more moderate
party than we are; of the pretence that they also are reformers,
standing, as they would have the world believe, between us
graceless, outrageous, destructive, revolutionary dogs, and Jou
Tory conservatives, whom. the modest creatures, with equal
truth, describe as the sole patrons and incorrigible adherents of
political corruption and tyranny. But of all these things here-
after. At this time I have another object in addressing myself
to you.
In your paper of today (August 30) you speak of the jobbing
of the present ministry; and, having very briefly adverted to
that of Sir John Key, you come to that of " our respected
townsman," as the Mercury would say, Mr. John Wood. That
it is A JOB I have no doubt; that Mr. Mitford, in the prime of
life, has been laid aside with a thumping pension in order to
make room for Mr. John Wood as a devourer of taxes, I am
not inclined to dispute ; but, happening to know something of
the matter, I venture to submit to you other reasons than those
to which you have ascribed the transformation of my old re-
forming acquaintance into President of the Board of Taxes.
Your idea, Mr. Editor, is, it seems, that the appointment of
John Wood to a lucrative place is in return for the transfer of
certain electioneering interest in the borough of Preston to a
young member of the Stanley family. How flattered and how
pleased must Mr. Wood and his little circle be with your
inis-
take! And the JOB of his appointment, if it had no worse origin
than this, would not have been worth my attention.
How Mr. Wood first got elected for Preston, and it was quite
a touch-and-go affair, decided by the happy concurrence of
several little accidents; and how he got re-elected again and
again, although a thing to laugh at in an idle gossipping mo-
ment; how all these things happened, is not worth committing
to paper, and I shall not therefore trouble you with them. But
as for his interest in Preston, that is to say, his electioneering
influence, it never was anything beyond the narrow sect of which
he is a member, and their immediate dependants. And the
people of Preston would laugh at the idea of-John Wood being
patron of the borough, and especially laugh at the idea of
his patronising a member of the Startles, family, the little finger
of any one of whom is of more weight there than are the loins
of John Wood and those of his whole coterie to boot.
No, sir, John was worn out at Preston, and the public utter-
ance of his name there, at the last election, would have seriously
damaged the cause of any candidate. It is to something else,
as I am satisfied, something much more profligate in itself, and
much more injurious to the country, that he owes the accom-
plishment of His JOB. You know how naturally the members
of a sect cling to each other; and you know that their adhe-
rence is tenacious in the inverse proportion of their numbers.
All this is not only very natural, but highly commendable, pro-
vided that due care be taken that the community at large do
not suffer thereby. Now this, I take it, is the clue to Mr.
Wood's appointment. However small as a lawyer and a states-
man, Mr. Wood, through the bustle and activity of certain very
close connexions of his, joined to a pretty competency in those
means which no people in the world know better how to esti-
mate than-do the brathren.of his tribe : however small else-
where, Mr. Wood was of some importance in his circle, even
before his becoming a member of Parliament. That elevation,
which in such a circle must always be regarded as a sort of era
in its history, an additional emblazoning of its 'scutcheon,
tended -very greatly to raise him on high amongst them; and
the reverence of his fellow-worshippers was not diminished by
the share he had an opportunity of taking in the late modifica-
tion of the Test Act, nor by his occasional petty tiltings at the
Established Church; nor were they scandalised, nor their in-
terests and respectability endangered, by any downright radical
assaults on any of " the establishments and institutions of the
country,". as you Conservatives call all those things by which
we are plundered and enslaved. In short, John behaved him-
self as a good and thriving member ought to do; and having so
served them, and being, as I said before, worn out at Preston,
his brethren in the house, of whom there are, you will recollect,
Sex eral from this neighbourhood, have all joined in recommend-
ing him to the ministry, who, influenced doubtless by their
well known liberality, by congenial kindness, and by the me-
mory of the little aids he had rendered them whilst lie had the
seat, the ministry did the ma, and thus handsomely provided
for " our respected townsman."
This, Mr.-Editor, is my theory as to this JOB. Of course
neither the ministry nor the brethren have made their confes-
sions to me, graceless Radical that lam ! I know all that I
have said as to the "interest" of John Wood in Preston. But
the considerations by which these ministers have been induced
to quarter him on us at the rate of fifteen hundred a year, they
must be with me matters of inference : it is by putting things
together that I come to the conclusion; and a sound mode of
reasoning you know it is, Mr. Editor, iu politics as well as in
mathematics.
• •

And, bow many of the brethren are there on the commissions,
Mr. Editor? Ah ! the commissions ; that other batch of jobs.
And how are they to be paid for? Why, by votes, to be sure.
The brethren in the house recommend suitable persons to suit-
able jobs, to be sure, and the ministry kindly concur in the
recommendation, expecting only, as " one good turn deserves
another," that when they want their thousands and their mil-
lions voted, the brethren will not be unmindful of their concur-
rence.
Heigh, ho ! Mr. Editor, thus it is that the political world
goes; every hundred that John and such worthies get costs us
at least a score of thousands. You know that it was so before
this Whig reform, and when your frienas were in power; only
without the palaver and cant that we now have, and without the
terribly unhinging measures by which this shallow set of minis-
ters, and their most profligate house, are now uprooting every
thing that is valuable.
When will you Conservatives, those of you who have and
who seek no corrupt interest, when will you consent "to stay
the plague ?' It is to be done by calling in at least all tax-
payers fur voters, and by giving us another election. Then
may you hold your estates in peace and security ; but not till
then.—Yours, &c. TII OS. SMITH.
Gloucester-place, Aug. 30, 1533.

-Varliaintnt.

HOUSE OF LORDS, THURSDAY, AUGUST 29.
His Majesty having signified his intention to prorogue the
Parliament in person, the usual preparations were made suit-
able to an occasion of so great a matter of state ceremony.
lii the course of the forenoon vast numbers of persons began
to congregate on the line of
_the royal procession, from St.
James's-palace to the House of Lords. A great number of
police were stationed on the same line to preserve order and
regularity, under the superintendance of Comuiissioners Rowan
and Mayne. Sir Frederick A. Rowe, chief magistrate of Bow-
street, was also on duty ; and in the immediate vicinity of the
entrance to the Houses of Lords and Commons, Mr. Lee, the

high constable of Westminster, had stationed a strong party of
the local constabulary of the city of Westminster, to prevent
interruption to the members in their progress to those houses.
About one o'clock a detachment of the Royal Horse Guards
(Blue) was stationed along the line of approach, and at the same
time a detachment of the Royal Horse Guards (Ist regiment),
dismounted, arrived, and lined the passages leading from the
royal entrance at the House of Lords to the Painted Chamber.

11osepissagesand the Painted Chamber contained a great
number of ladies. The arrangements in this part of the house
were so well ordered—the doors being thrown open at an early
hour—that the inconvenient crowding sound the entrance,
which had occasioned much inconvenience on former occasions,
was wholly avoided. Nothing could be more orderly. than the
whole of the internal regulations on the present occasion.
In the body of the house, arrangements had been made for
the admission of the usual number of Peeresses and ladies en-
titled to admission on Peers' orders (orders given in this in-
stance by the Lord Great Chamberlain), but the number of
Peeresses in attendance was much smaller than usual, owing,
no doubt, to the late period to which the session was protracted.
There was, however, a very splendid display, if not of rank, at
least of beauty,—no bad substitute for mere rank, where display
must contribute so much to the interest of the scene. When
the time for the arrival of the Royal procession had nearly
come, it was found that the seats within the House of Peers,
intended for the ladies, were not so fully occupied as was ex-
pected. The officers to whom the arrangements in this respect
were assigned took immediate steps for supplying the defect,
and with that urbanity and disposition to accommodate the pub-
lic which distinguish them, and, we may add, which distinguish
all the officers in every department of the House of Lords more
than any other portion of the public service with which we arc
acquainted, they came to the Painted Chamber and invited a
sufficient number of ladies into the house to occupy the seats

thus left at their disposal. _
By the time at which his Majesty arrived the whole of the
seats in every part of the house assigned to strangers were oc-
cupied.
Most of the Judges took their seats on the woolsacks near
that of the Chancellor.
The Foreign Ambassadors occupied seats, partly on, and in
part above, the Bishops' benches.
The LORD CHANCELLOR entered the house a short time be-

fore one o'clock, and (after prayers by the Bishop of Hereford
gave judgment in an appeal. case. The house then adjourned
for a short time, and ou being resumed, some bills which had
come from the Commons, and some which had remained over,
were read a third time and passed.
His Majesty entered:the house a few minutes after two
o'clock, when a message was sent desiring the attendance of
the House of Commons; soon after which the SPEAKER, ac-
companied by a considerable number of members, attended at
the bar.

The SPEAKER, in presenting the Appropriation Bill (the sup-
plies of the session,) and praying his Majesty's assent thereto,
delivered the speech usual on such occasions, taking notice of
the prominent acts of the session.
His MAJESTY then addressed both houses as follows :
"MY LORDS AND GENTLEMEN,
"In opening the present Parliament I stated, that never, at
any time, had subjects of greater interest and magnitude called
for your attention.

" The manner in which you have discharged the duties thus
committed to you, now demands my warmest regard, and ena-
bles me to close a session, not more remarkable for its extended
duration than for the patience and persevering industry which
you have employed in many laborious inquiries, and in perfect
ing the various legislative measures which have been brought
under your consideration.
" I continue to receive from my Allies, and from all Foreign
Sovereigns, assurances of their friendly disposition .
" I regret that I cannot yet announce to you the conclusion
of a definitive arrangemeet between Holland and Belgium ;
but the convention, in conjunction with the King of the French,
I concluded, in May last, with the King of the Netherlands,
prevents a renewal of hostilities in the Low Countries, and thus
affords a fresh security for the general continuance of peace.
" Events which have lately taken place in Portugal have
induced me to renew my diplomatic relations with that king-
dom, and I have accredited a Minister to the Court of her
Most Faithful Majesty Donna Maria.

" You may rest assured I look with great anxiety to the mo-
ment when the Portuguese Monarchy, so long united with this
country by the ties of alliance, and by the closest bonds of in-

terest, may be restored to a state of peace, and may regain its
former prosperity. _

. .
" The hostilities which had disturbed the peace of Turkey
have terminated, and you may be assured that my attention
will be carefully directed to any event which may affect the
present or the future independency of that empire.
`_Your investigation, carefully prosecuted during the last
session, has enabled you to renew the Charter of the Bank of
England, on terms which appear to be well calculated to sustain
public credit, and to secure the usefulness of that important es-
tablishment.

" The laborious inquiries carried on by committees of both

Houses of Parliament, for several successive sessions, have also
enabled you to bring the affairs of the East India Company to
a satisfactory adjustment. I have the most confident expectation
that the system of government thus established will prove to

have been wisely formed for the improvement and happiness of
the natives of India, and by the opening of the China trade a
new field has been afforded for the activity and the enterprise
of British commerce.

" The state of slavery in my Colonial Possessions has neces-
sarily occupied a portion of your time and attention commen-
surate'with the magnitude and the difficulty of the subject.
Whilst your deliberations have been guided by the paramount
consideration of justice and humanity, the interests of the Co-
lonial Proprietors have not been overlooked. I trust that the

uture proceedings of the Colonial Legislatures, and the con-
duct of all classes in my colonies, may be such as to give full
effect to the benevolent intentions of the Legislature, and to
satisfy the just expectations of my people.

" I observe with satisfaction that the amendment of the law

has continued to occupy your attention, and that several im-
portant measures have been adopted, by some of which the
title to property has been rendered more secure, and the con-
veyance of it more easy; while by others the proceedings in
courts both of law and equity, have been made more expeditious
and less cost's.
The establishment of the Court of Privy Council is ano-
ther improvement, which, while it materially assists suitors at
home, will, I trust, afford substantial relief to those in my
Colonial possessions.

" You may rest assured that there is no part of your labouis
which I regard with a deeper interest than that which does, by
well-considered amendments of the law, make justice easily
accessible to all my subjects. With this view I have caused
a Commission to be issued for digesting in one body the enact-
ments of Criminal Law, and enquiring how far and by what
means the Criminal Process may be assimilated to the other
branch of our jurisprudence.

"I have also directed commissions to be issued for inves

gating the state of the municipal corporations throughout the
united kingdom. The result of their inquiries will enable you
to procure those means which may seem best fitted to place the
internal government of corporate cities and towns on a solid
foundation, in respect of their finances, their government, and
their police. In the meantime, two important acts have been
passsed for giving constitutions, upon sound principles, to the
royal and parliamentary burghs of Scotland, and your attention
will het After be called to the expediency of extending similar
advantages to the unincorporated towns in England which have
now acquired the right of returning members to Parliament.
" It was with the greatest pain that I felt myself compelled to
call upon you for additional powers to control and
,punish the
disturbers of the public peace in Ireland. This call was an-'
swered, as I confidently anticipated, by your, loyalty and firm-
ness. I have not found it necessary, except in a very limited
degree, to use the powers thus confided to me, and I have now
the satisfaction of informing you that the spirit of insubordina-
tion and violence which had prevailed to so alarming an extent,
has i❑ a great measure subsided. I• look forward with anxiety
to the time when the painful necessity of continuing those mea-
sures of great but unavoidable severity shall cease; and I have
given my assent, with unqualified 3atisfaction, to the various sit.
lutary and remedial measures which, during the course of the
present session, have been proposed to me for my acceptance.
The act which, in pursuance of my recommendation, you passed
with respect to the temporalities of that branch of the United
Church which is established inilreland, and for the immediate
and total abolition of vestry assessments, and the act for the
better regulation of juries, both as to their civil and criminal
functions, affords the best proof that full reliance may be placed
on the Parliament of the United Kingdom for the introduction
of such beneficial improvements as may ensure the welfare of
all classes of my subjects, and thus effectually cement that
legislative union, which, with your support, it is my determina-
tion to maintain inviolate.

" GENTLEMEN OF THE HOUSE OF COMMONS,

"-I thank you for the supplies which you have granted for
the services of the year. The estimates proposed to you by my
direction were considerabiy lower than those of the former ses-
sions, and you have wisely applied the reduction which has thus
been effected to the diminution of the public burdens. In the
course of judicious economy, combined with a due regard to the
exigencies of the state, I am persuaded that you will persevere,
and thus confirm the title which you have acquired to general
confidence, as the faithful guardians of the honour of the
Crown, and the true interests of the people.

" MY LORDS AND GENTLEMEN,
" In returning to your respective homes you will carry with
you the gratifying reflection, that your labours have been sedu-
lously emploveilor the benefit of your country.
"During the recess, your attention will be equally directed
to the same important object, and in this useful and honourable
discharge both of your public and private duties, under the bles-
sing of divine providence, I confidently rely for the encourage-
ment and support of my people in that love of liberty, and in

THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.
