LOCAL NEWS.

On - Saturday morning, man employed as a bricklayer's
labourer, at work in arbuildirig in Wapping, was ascending the
scaffolding, when a plank upon which be stood ...aye way, and
the- man actually fell a height of nearly thirty feetts into the
cel-
lar, without the least possible injury. He was, of course, stnn=
ned and much alarmed, but very shortly resumed the hod.
On Friday afternoon, a young girl in Soho-street, who was
engaged in cleaning the outside of a bed-room window, stand-
ing upon the stone, the poor lass overbalanced herself, and
fell into the street, nearly 20 feet, and, we, regret to say, was
much injured, having broken one oiler legs above the wide,
and severely cut herhead. . 'We are much surprised to see that
respectable people do allow their female servants to expose
themselves to danger in this manner, independent of the mode-
licaev of the situation, when a glazier's man; at a trilling charge,
would do. the same work more effectually; and without any risk
of life or limb. .

On Sunday evening, about eleven o'clock, as Mr. J. J.
Caparn was proceeding down Dale-street, when near the bottom
he was attacked by a villain, who knocked him- down and im-
mediately decamped. , Two very considerate persons, a man and
a woman,. quickly came to Mr. Caparu's assistance, and after
proceeding a few yards left him, when. he found that his kind
friends had made free with his purse, containing £llos. in gold
and 3s. 6d. in silver; upon the alarm being given, the watchman
of the beat'shortly was in attendance and pursued the wretches,
but iu vain, no clue to them could be obtained. This is rather
a new system of robbery here, and it behoves the police to keep
a strict look 'out for such characters, the town at the present,
moment being pretty well stocked with them. Mr. C's. knee
is severely cut by the fall.
On Saturday morning last, an accident of a very serious
nature,. occurred on the arrival of the. Lancaster and Liver-
pool mail-coach at the Angel Inn, Dale-street. It appears
that the driver, guard, and paSsengers had alighted with
the exception of one gentleman,—when the horses took fright,
proceeded up the street, turned the corner, and at full
speed'galloped down Castle-street and reached Pool lane, when
they were thrown down by coming in contact with a milk-cart,
and the gentleman precipitated to the pavement :—he was in-
stantly cop veyed to 11Ir. Scott's surgery, in an ahnost hopeless
state, where every means 'that humanity and medical skill
could suggest for his restoration was used, and we are happy to
add with good effect, as there is now hope of the gentleman's ul-
timate recovery. Too much praise cannot be attached to Mr.
'Scott's skill and attention both in this and past occasions of ac-
cident.

On Friday last expired, if the residence of his tutor, the
Rev. W. Clerninson, minister of Tranmere, Richard, eldest son
of Richard Smith, Esti., 'of Bankfieid, near Ulverston, in this
county, and great-grandson to the late Admiral Smith, of Sea-
combe, Cheshire, in the eleventh year of his age. His mild and
amiable disposition endeared:him to all who knew him, and
his hiss will be long and deeply mourned. He bore his tedious
and painful illness, (supposed water on the brain from a spinal
affection,) with
,the.moit extraordinary fortitude, patience, and
resignation.
Srritlarewbil'i .thv' earthly lot-is east;
T le hour that closed thy sufferings here is past,
• And thou art gone. in lice's first opening bloom,
Alovely victim to the silent tomb. •
If youthful excellence deserves a tear—
If worth and virtue merit honour here—
On thy cold grave shall many a tear fall fast,
And honoured be thv name while life-shall last.

~~ _..-:

PaoposED BLIND Asyr.bi.7,A very. respectable meeting
summoned.by the bbroughreeve and constables, was held at the
Town-hall; on Thursday forenoon, to consider of the best
means of setting •on foot a public subscription for the purpose
,of rendering available the munificent bequest of the late Tho-
mas'Henshay, Esq., of Oldhain, for the establishment at Man-
chester of an asylum for the blind, by providing the necessary
buildings, which, by the testator's will. cannot be erected or
purchased 'with the funds he bequeathed. After considerable
discussion, it was sig,gested by Mr. George Hadfield that it
would he desirable, before commencing the subscription, to ap-
point a committee to confer with Mr. Ilenshaw's trustees, re-
specting the scheme to be adopted for the government and con-
duct of the proposed institution in various respects, and a com-
mittee was appointed for that purpose accordingly.—Manches-
ter Guardian.
THE KING'S SPEECII.-0!Connell, in a letter to his consti-
tuents, enumerating the benefits he has conferred upon them
by -his senatorial labours, during the last Session, thus charac-
terizes the speech from the throne at its close :—" It sinks be-
neath the dignity of vituperation, and is readily consigned to
the manufactory from whence it sprung—a plagiary, a flat pla-
giary, extracted from the brain of one of the hired puffers of
Warren's jet blacking; it covers with ridicule those it praises,
and gives a triumph to the objects of its futile attack."

. .
ROCHDALE FLANNEL. MAIIKE.T.—OD Monday last, the flan_
nel market was very dull, and it was with difficulty the former
prices could be me.intained. But the manufacturers seem de_
termined rather to stand than give way, as the raw materia
continues to advance.

SHOCKING MURDER AT BOLTON.—On Friday morning, a
little before eleven o'clock, whilst that portion of the 35th tegi-
ment now stationed in Bolton, were on parade the barrack-
yard, a private named John' Wilson was picked out of the
ranks and ordered into the gdard-ht use for beine drunk ;_ but
he had no soonerarrived there than he deliberately levelled his
piece, which was loaded with.ball, and fired amongst the men
on parade ; and, dreadful to relate, the ball passed through the
intestines of private Edmund Martin, also through the hand of
private Thomas Brunsfon, and lodged in the butt-end of his
musket. Martin only survived two hotirs; and Wilson is now
iu the dung on awaiting the coroner's inquest. The deceased
had been in the• regiment twenty years, and• would have re-
ceived his discharge •in a few days. The distance from the
guard-house to where Martin was shot 'is abokit fifteen yards.
It is not known When or where Wilson charged his firelock.

A NEGRO FANCY BALL IN JAMAICA, OR BLACKS ante
WHITES.—A free black, fancy ball took place on Thursday
night last; at Mr. Morell'slong room in Church-Street, Kings-
ton. Carriages -Ike., began 'to: arrive about nine o'clock, And
the assemblage about ten struck' us as exceedingly pleasing,
and picturesque. -There were .Spanish dons and donnas, Italian
princes and princesses; French counts and countesses, 11;101
and military officers represented to the life, 'and with all the
grace and eleganeenf the Alitack school. The. representatives
gie,X.O.IOIeSS
characters with dignity. The person who was soecially invited
• to represent Lord Mslgrave was absent throughindisposition.
The ladies' dresses were rich-, fanciful, and beautiitiL The
group looked like the sons and daughters of jollity and revelry,
and -gave delightful specimens that they 'were the children of
harmony _too. A splendid supper was served up about three
O'clock in the morning, and nothing'coull exceed the gallantry
of the gentlemen duriug the entire night—all was pleainre to
the brim; and all was joy and delight:—The dancing was
kept up till a late hour, and the daughters of TerpSichore
resembled so many sylvan Goddesses tripping it along
on light fantastic. toe."—Jamaica Dispatch, Auaust 3.
[lt is not announced -in the paper from which the above
is extracted that. the funds of this fancy bail were to be ap-
propriated iu aid of the anti-slavery society—but surely these
tdack gentlemen could not be so ungrateful for the bene-
volence of that -society, so zealously exercised in their attempt
to wash them white, as -to overlook the suitable opportunity of
thus aiding their-means for that purpose.] •
PROCEEDINGS op TilE COMMISSIONERS OF THE WATCH,
LAMPS, -84 E.—A meeting of this board took place on Friday,
when the following commissioners were present :—Messrs.
Wales, Walthew, Nelson, Gill, Thornhill, Beason, Goore, Tay-
lor, Nicholson, Browne, M‘Gee, and Chalmers. Several watch-
men were discharged for drunkenness and neglect of duty; and
one, who was found asleep on duty last Friday morning, was
fined 2s. Gd. and removed. The board also conhrined.thefines
levied by. the Superintendent on some watchmen for minor
offences.—Mr. Ben, slitter • and plasterer, complained of the
watchmen for reinovine some ladders from the front of a house
in Price-street, althnugh they were placed •close to the house on
his men leaving their work. It was ordered that they should be
restored without expense, arid that a notice be issued to master
tradesmen, requesting them to take down all ladders from -the •
fronts of buildings during the night.L-4'wo gentlemen laid a
complaint against one of- the captains and a watchman, for in
and ill-using them in Williamson-square, at half-
past
t erri
2t ng
on
Thursday morning. The captain and three watch-
men proved that-. the complainants were in company with dis-
orderly -women, and that, although requested, they refused to
disperse. . The Commissioners dismissed the complaint, but, at
the seine .time strongly impressed • upon the captain and men
the .necessity of discharging their' duty, on all occasion; with
calmi:ess and moderation, declaring that violent measures
should never be resorted to except in repelling an assault.—
The following resolution, equally important and acceptable to
the parishioner; was, after creating much. discussion, unani-
mously carried :—`• That the editors and reporters of the differ-
ent newspapers be invited to all meetings of this board, and.
that-they be requested'to he pleased to p iblish all such pro-
ceedings as may be interesting to the parishioners."—The ac-
counts were.readsand passed; .balance in hand 1:785135.
Albion. . • •
THE BUILDERS' TURN-OUT.—WC
.believe we may at length
state, that the absurd but mischievous turn-out of workmen
employed in the building tradeS'is, srifar as Manchester is con-
cerned, nearly at an end. The Men, finding that their places
were fast filling up by. new hands, and that there was no chance-
of carrying their paint, have many of them this week shown
great anxiety to return to their work, and numbers of them
have done so, wherever they could be received; but we believe
a large' body arc likely to be left without employment. As a
last effort, a sort of convention of delegates from the various
unions of the building trades in this and several other counties
was held in the chapel of the Rev. James Scholfield, usually-
called Christ Church, in Every-street, Ancoats. These dele-
gates assembled in the town on the afternoon of Thursday
week, and went in procession to the chapel, where, at first, they
occupied the burial yard, while the minister performed a fune-
ral service in the building. They then changed places, the
delegates taking their seats in the chapel, where they continued
their deliberations for some trine. Of course we can state no-
thing.of. .what took place in this secret conclave; all we can
say is, that there was a considerable consumption of beer, &c.
in the neighbourhood ; and that the debates continued till
about half-past ten' o'clock at night. The following morning
they again assembled' about ten o'clock, and resumed' thou! sit-
tings in the same place. They left it in the middle of the day
for about two hours, and on their return resumed their delibera-
tions, which again continued to a late hour, when the conven-
tion terminated. We understand, that in
.number they ex-
ceeded four hundred, and that, they occupied quarters in dif-
ferent public-houses in Ancoats, where they, no doubt, disbursed
the funds of their respective unions in a manner very satisfac-
tory to-themselves, if not to their constituents. Whatever may
g
have been the nature of their deliberations, they appear to have
terminated in a total failure ; for, durin the
present week, the
men in this town in various branches of the building trade have,
with the greatest eagerness, endeavoured to return to their
work. • As we foretold some weeks ap..,0; many of them are, how-
ever, too late; a fact that the following dialogue, (which actu-
ally took place between a respectable master mason in this
town and some of his turn-out workmen) at once evinces and
elucidates :—The men, all of whom had been in his employ,
having naked hini to take them again; henaturally put to them
the question—Why did yen turu.out ? 'Men.—Why we didn't
like it; but we were. forced to do so. Master.—Well, if you
had remained at your employment, I could have taken a great
deal of work, which I have been obliged to decline undertaking;
the summer is now over, and I have no work for you. Men.—
But you,have many new hands who are not by any means such
good workmen as we are; could you not take us on in their places?
Master.--I know that many are not able to get through the
work that you could; bat, after employing them through the
• summer, and finding them trustworthy, and not to be led away
from their work, I will not turn them adrift now the winter is
coming. 'When that is over Inlay be enabled to give some Of
you employment again; but you deserted me when' work was
plentiful, and I cannot employ you now it is scarce, without
doing injustice to others.—Manchester Guardian.
The young Earl of Hillsborough' eldest • son of the Marquis
of Downshire, is making the grand tour. At Copenhagen,
last month, his lordship discovered, in the university there, two
very ancient Irish manuscripts.. It. was thought that. there
were many more in the same language in the Danish university:
The -Earl of Kerry anct_Lord Henry Fitzmaurice, sons of the
Marquis of Lansdowne, are also on the continent; the former
has been alooad since May last. Lord Henry, We' believe, is
at-.present at Municb..
