POLICE IN7'ELLIGENCE.

AFFRAY IN a Pust.ic-tiousa.—On Tuesday two men of
colour. named Wilson and Sewell, were charged before the mar
gistrates with having violently assaulted a seaman whose name
did not transpire. Wilson, who is an elderly man, keeps a pars
lie house or beer-shop somewhere about the docks; and zewllll.
a stout, muscular young " nigger," with a forbidding and
somewhat ferocious expression of countenance, is an inmate of
the house, and arts, it was said, as champion for his elderly
friend in cases of emergency. The complainant, whose head
was bound up with a handkerchief, stated that on Monday
night he went into Wilson's house, where he sat down, and got
a pipe of tobacco. Wnile sitting quietly, Sewell came forward,
and, without provocation, struck him tin the bead, or. which he
inflicted several wonnds. A witness deposed that on going up
the sheet, where Wilson's house is situated, he heard a noise,
and his shipmate's voice calling out for help, lie shoved the
door open, and saw Sewell strike the complainant, and knock
him down ; afterwards Wilson held him down and struck him.
Witness then made a " bolt" thiough the door, and " hauled"
his companion out. A shirt of the complainant's was here pro-
duced, which was stained in different places with blood. Sewell,
in defence, entered into a minute detail of the whole circum-
stances, from which it appeared that there had been previously
three other men along.with the complainant, who had raised a
row in the house, and assaulted Wilson t and on his (Sewell's)
attempting to defend him, they aimed a blow at his side with a
knife, which he parried with his arm, in which he received a
severe cut. (Sewell was here tequireil to show the cut in his
arm, which be did.) The men afterwards broke the d ior, and
then departed, leaving the complainant alone. In answer to
Mr. Hall, the witness for the complainant said that when he
went to the house three men came running, out ; he could not
tell who they were, but when he entered the house he saw Wil-
son and a woman striking the prisoner. Wilson gave similar
evidence to Sewell. Mr. Hall conceived that the statement of
Sewell and Wilson was confirmed by the admission of the com-
plainant's witness, as well as by the injury which Sewell ha
sustained in his arm, and said, before the magistrates could
punish the prisoners, they must be perfectly satisfied as to the
previous conduct of the complainant. Under the circumstances
the prisoners must be discharged.
STEALING BOOKS I,l{olll A RAILWAY CARRIAGE.—On Tues-
day, an old offender, named John Worthington. was placed at
the bar of the Police-court, to answer to a charge of having.
stolen a parcel containing books to the value of 355. from one
of the railway carriages. Richard Rooney stated that he was a
canvasser for periodical publications, and resided in Liver-
street, Manchester. On Thursday afternoon he Caine by one
of the railway trains to Liverpool. He had a parcel of books
and specimens which he placed in the carriage beside him.
There were two other men in the carriage, one of them was
muffled up. He had occasion to alight at Park-gate, and be-
fore he could get back the train had started for Liverpool.
When he arrived by the next conveyance, he went to the Rail-
way-offie, but was there informed that no parcel such as he de-
scribed had come forward. lie could not say that the prisoner
stole it. One of the officers stated that he saw the prisoner
crossing from Lord-street to 'Whitechapel with the parcel of
books produced. and on asking how he hail come by them, was
informed by the prisoner that he hail purchased them from a
bookseller at Rainhdl. The officer told him there was no book-
seller at Rainhill, arid took him into custody. The books weie
then taken to the prosecutor's lodgings. who named them all
before he had seen the parcel opened. The prisoner, in answer
to Mr. Hall, said he had found the parcel by the side of a hedge
at Rainhill. 'He was committed for trial.
EXCISE INFORMATION.—On Tuesday, John Stirling, conk on
hoard the John Moirin. from St. John's, N. 8., appeared be-
fore the magistrates to answer to an inform..ition ehasg.ing
him
with having smuggled 45Ibs, of manufactured tobacco Mr.
Stokes, acting tide-waiter to the Customs, deposed to having
searched the vessel on the 3,1 instant, and found (be tobacco iu
question stowed in the coal-hole. On the sth instant the pri-
soner gave himself up. In order to meet die penalty he had
placed about £l6 of his wages in the hands of the captain's
brother; but Mr. Hall told him that the in 'gist rates had no dis-
cretionary power: they must inflict the full penalty of MO, or
six months' imprisonment. Takiug into consideration, how-
ever, that he had given himself up, and that he had a wife and
family, they might make a representation to the Board in his
favour. The captain was then ordered to give up the money in
his hands, and the prisoner's clothes, to Mr. Dowling, to be
taken care of.

• RonnEßY.—Yesterday, an abandoned female, named Moore,
was brought before the inagivrate along with two other females,
charged with having robbed a man of his watch the night be-
fore. The complainant, an artizan, stated that on Wednesday
evening he met the three prisoners, and stood talking with the
prisoner Moore, for a short time, when he discovered that she
had picked his pocket of his watch. The other two prisoners
were standing near at the time. lie immediately called a po-
liceman. and gave the whole of them in charge. As there was
no evidence implicating• any of the prisoners but Moore, the
others were discharged. Moore was committed for three mouths
to Kirkdale. to the treadinill.
JOKE AND NO JOKE.—Yesterday, at the Police-office, a lad
employed in a to in this town, was placed before the ma-
gistrates, charged with knocking at the Borough Jail door, and
running away. An officer deposed that he was on duty near
the Borou:41)Jail about one o'clock that morning, us hen be saw
tho prisoner knock at the Borough Jail door, and run away,
' •

and he in consequence took him into custody. A person from
the Jail stated that it was a very common practice for people to
knock at the Jait door at one or two o'clock in the morning,
and when he had g d up and cone to see what was the matter
he found no person there. The prisoner said that he and some
others were going home from their work, and were larkiny, and
they thought it would be a fine lark to ran tan at the Jail door,

and knock up the Jailer. Mr. Ball said he should fine him '''
and rusts, or send him for seven days to the place he had beet)
so anxious to get admittance into.

MARKET WOMEN'S SQUABBLIKS.—ScarceIy a day passes but
some of the holders of stalls in the different markets are sum

mining some of their neighbouting stall-keepers before the
magistrates for assaults: all the parties are invariably women.
We know not how this can be explained, unless we resort to
the phrenological theory, which will perhaps tell us, that the
belligerents have all the combative organ very fully developed;
ergo, wherever the organ of combativeness is largely developed,
it follows, phrenologically, that the individual possessing the
unfortunate protuberance is a market woman. Leaving, how-
ever, that philosophical disquisition to the pro and anti phrenolo-
gists profoundly to determine upon, we proceed to the particular
and individual troubles of Mrs. Biddy Cairns and Mts. Tabilha
Fowell, of l'ownall-square market. Mrs Biddy Cairns is a fat
and short little woman, of that description .termed "(lumpy;"
and were it nut for the pouting lip she had, and the tear which
glistened on her smooth, round cheek, she would have present-
ed the appearance of those good•humoured and jolly personages
who belong to the "laugh and grow fat" genus. Her daily and
scentimental occupation, as she nerself set forth, is to anew' at
an oyster-stall. Mrs. Talotha Fowell, on the contrary, who ap-
peared as the defendant, like her namesake, Mrs. Tatotha Bram-
ble, of hon, repute, was of tall, thin, bony, spare, vinegar, brain-
lale-bushy appearance, deeply pitted also with the small pox,
increasing the overwhelming amount of her charms. Mrs Bud-
dy Cairns, after pathetically wiping her eye with the corner of
a very much soiled white apron, dropped a courtesy to the Ma-
gistrate, and proceeded to state her heavy grievances. " That
person's servant, sir, came to me to ax me to lend her the luau
of a stool, sir, as Mrs. Fowell. she said, had a pertickler wish
to sit down as she was a heating. Well, sir, I lent her a stool,
for to heat herdinner upon—this was on the Friday, you mind,
in Pownall-square market ; and you see, I've hinny been lately
in that market."—Mr. Hal: " Never mind how long you have
been there, I don't want to know; tell me the assault."—Mrs.
Biddy : " Well ; about seven o'clock I went back for the stool;
she keeps a stand a good way off me. When 1 went she was
not at her stand, but as I was coming away, she came and says
to me, Why have you been at my standiug?—you had no
right to forth the stool;' and then she called ate such names!"
Hall: " What did she do? I want to come at that; never
mind the names."—Mistress Biddy: " She (-ailed me very bad
names; shocking names Mr. Hall: "'That is doing
nothing."—Mistress Biddy: " Well, she tuk my oysters out of
my basket and threw 'em at toe, and cut my face with 'em."—
She called a witness, who gave similar testimony. Mrs. Tabi-
tha was then called on for her defence. She said, " A lady—
Mrs. Hemingway. came to me and said ' Wtll you take care of
my stool?' which I did, and it is not that person's (complain-
ant's stool at all; and alien she took it away, I went to her and
said, by Mrs. Hemingway's borders, will you give me that
stool ?' when she called the everything amiss, and said I was
over kind with married, and I've been '2,i years a widdy,
the monster ! So, I said to her, Did you Never se me
done anything amiss to the valeation of a hoyster?' taking
one out of her basket; and she said she did;' when
I put the holster dot‘n again on the basket aud•it fell on
the floor, can you deny it hussy ?" (looking flints and hand-
saws at the complainant.) Another market woman named
Robinson. here stood up in the witness box to give evidence on
behalf of the defendant. She said —" I stand right hopposite
and seed the quarrel; and because Mrs. Fow,ll would not give
her the table, she called her every thing that Was bad. As for
Mrs. Cairns, she is a very little ill-natured, begrudging woman;
she's olers a quarrelling Wit h one or other. I don't know that
iher's a hiller natred woman in the hole market ; she's con-
' ineally a brewing some mischiet " Mistress Cairns, on hear-
ing this dreadful accusation, elevated her eves, "as ducks are
won't to do in thunder," and slowly aml impressively ejacu-
lated "Oh, mi!" Mr. Hall said the nest time he heard of any.
squabbling of this kind going on in the market. he should sent
for Mr. Graham the inspector, and arrive at the truth, and pun-
ish those who deserved it. At present there were witnesses on
each side tendering opposite evidence, and there was no arriving
at the truth. Complaint discharged.

TUE ROTAL AMPHITHEATRE.-111r. Bates, the spirited
manager of this !twilit?, takes his benefit on Monday night.
The bills announce great attractions for the evening. 'lhete is
little doubt but that he will obtain a bumper.

THE LIVER THSATRE.—Attractive novelties continue to be
brought out at this agreeable little theatre. On Monday even-
ing, a new piece called " Rory O'More," is going to be broug,,t
out, Mr. Raymond playing the,part of Rory CI liore. In 'ere-
sentations of Irish character Mr. Raymund is iuferiour to no
actor on the stage.

Mr. JAMES licssEt.L.—Mr. Russell takes his benefit at the
Theatre Royal, Matkhester, on Monday. His 'tory O'More is
highly spoken of.

CATHOLIC CHARITY BALL.--The annual ball in aid of the
funds of the benevolent institution will take place on Monday
evening nest. The arrangements are under the direction of a
number of gentlemen, who will act as stewards, and we doubt
not every thing will be conducted on the same liberal scale as
heretofore. The refreshments will be provided 1)) Mr. Horne,
assisted by Mr. Tyrrell, of Sutton, the gentlemen who catered
so successfully for the Bachelors' Ball. We hope the attend-
ance will be such as to evince the zeal which the public of Li-
verpool feel in prosecuting any benevolent purpose. This in-
stitution has very powerful claims to the public patronage, and
we hope the liberality of our townsmen will enable the commit-
tee to carry nut their plans of beneuolence by eulaiging their
sphere of elution.

HINTS Con PutvsTEus.—lf you can make a pun, you will
pass fur a wit. A tew hints, therefore, on the part of punning
may be acceptable. If <1 gentlemin meets your and in_ the
course of conversation expresses his surprise how such a one
gets his bread, say, you think he soineitnes procures it at the
baker's and sometonei at the chandler's shop. If the same
gentleman observes, he did not exactly mean that, but was
anxious to know how the other lived, you can reply, " touch as
usual—smuetitues a joint, sometimes a pudding." . hese smart
rejoinders will stamp you at once a wit of the first water; but
if any of your friends are so dull as nut to comprehend the force
and brilliancy of your jokes, laugh yourself— the " cactiethrs
ridendi" being contagious, you are sure to infect the toast in-
sensible. Never mind the bitter sa,casm of one Sainuei John-
son, LL.D. lie was very ignorant, a:though he did cJinptle a
dictionary. Introduce a pun whenever you see an opportunity.
Should you be wa.king with a very :Awl friend, tap him ou the
shoulder, and say., " 8., you are a happy dug." lie demands
the reason. " Zounds B. you never wear a great coat, or lie
long in bed." You could not make a inure biilliant reply.
Take care that pitus be well-tinted, and always at the expense
of the aged and helpless. For instance. if an elderlyy. ;4entle-
man, travelling with you in the same stage, should express a
desire to get out and sir, tell his legs when the coach changes
horses, say, " For heaven's sake, don't, Sir, your legs are long
enough!"— The Guide.

Sir Francis and Lady Burdett gave a grand dinner on Satin%
day evening to a numerous party of the nobility and gentry, to
meet Mr. Charles Kean.
The estimated cost of the twenty-seven railways no* in pro•
gress in England and Wales is upwards of 1;22,0t/U,OUO sterling,
NORTHERN 110sPITAL.—A meeting of the snbscribers and
friends of this charity is announced to take place this evening
at seven o'clock, at which the worshipful the Mayor will pre.,
side, on which occasion we sincerely hope that our benevolent
townsmen will attend, and liberally Contribute to the funds of
one of the most valuable institutions of the town,
The Lord Bishop of Lincoln has presented the sum of eight
hundred pounds towards the erection and endowment of a new
episcopal chapel in a part of the parish of Holbeach, considet•
ably distant (ruin the church.— Lincolen MercUry.
MonE A BsExcE or MIN n. —A Philadelphia journalist records
that an old farmer who iesides in Toledo, United States, in the
act of adding more fuel to his tire, actually put the chunk of
of wood in his arm chair, and threw himself on the fire for a
back li7. The timely at rival of his wife telieved him, but he
came off minus his coat and pantaloons.
HIGHLAND NOTION OF TOOTH-Bat7snEs.--A family in Edin'
burgh, not keeping a footman, engaged a Highlander to serve
them during a vi,it from a man of fashion. Dinner having
awaited an unreasonable thne one day for the guest, Duncan
was sent into his room to inform him that it was on the table.
But he no: coming, Duncan was sent again still they wattedi
and the lady at last said to the man, " What can the gentle,
man be doing ?" " Please ve, Madam," said Duncan, " the
gentleman was only sharpening his teeth."
COPENHAGEN. JAN. 22.—The ice now extends to Sweden,
and is so strong that sledges arrived here some days ago from
Hoeen. The soun lis entirely covered with ice, and the com,
munization between Elsinore and Hoeen is said to be very
active.

Successive shocks of an earthquake have almost totally de•
strayed the town of Acapulco, while the gorgeous city ofMexico
itself was subjected to a violent and prolonged shOck; happily,
however, in the latter instance no injury resulted. The details
or the earthquake at Aclpulco are frightful. Repeated shock'
of extreme violence and devastation have nearly reduced th 6
city to a mass of ruins.—Neto Orleans Bee.
THE;Docrott.—A wag was rallying Dr. on his want
of skit', which the doctor took lather gravely. "My patients
never complain of me," he said, "That is exactly what I should
have supposed," replied his tormentuf.
A man much addicted to drinking, being extremely ill with a
fever, a consultation was held in his bedchamber by three ph),
sicians, how to cure the fever, and abate the thirst. "Gentle,
men," said be, " I will take half the trouble o•ff your hands; suit
cure the fever, and I will abate the thirst mpsetf."
The Ohio Nein; is acquainted with a man who is so muck
emaciated, that he must be fattened in order to make_a good
skeleton.

Five children were poisoned, a few days ago, at Epinal, in
the Vosges, in France, by sugar plums containing arsenic,
which were given to them by a woman dressed as a peasant,
who was a stranger to the place. She had taken her departure
before the enormity Was discovered, but the ulcers of justice are
in pursuit of her.

OaTudGnArwc4r, EXERCISES.—A paper may be seen in
the•vvindow of a tailor's shop in Lcigh•street, Burton-crescent.
on which is written " Prizes of the beste materiels and sound
wurkmanship with Inn." In Marrinuont-street, a window
"sports" a bill, from which the following is correctly copied:—
" Wanted a barrand boy and a plane cook alsue a shornun."
BIHMINGAAM LIAR.—A gentleman told his friends that he
was Mon in Birmingham, and though he loved the country, and
respected its inhabitants, yet he must in justice decline, that all
people born in that town, and its vicinity, were the greatest liars
in the universe. " Then," says a gentleman present. "if you
speak truth, you lie; and if you lie, you speak truth."
A ovicit To LA DiEs.—Ladies, always delightful, and not the
least so in their undress, are apt to deprive themselves of some
of their best morning, beams by appeartng with their hair in
papers. We give notice, that essayists, and, of course, all peo-
ple of taste, peeler a cap, if there must be any thing; but hair a
million times over. To see grapes in paper bags is bad enough ;
but the rich locks of a lady in papers, the roots of the hair twist•
ed up like a iiruintner's, and the forehead staring bald instead
of being gracefully tendrilled and shadowed!—it is a capital
offence—a.defiance to the-love and admiration of the other sex
—a provocative to a paper war; and we here accordingly de-
dare the said war on paper, not having any ladies at hand to
carry it at once into their head quarters. We must allow, at
the same time, tha: they are very shy of being seen in this con-
dition, knowing well enough how much of their strength, like
Samp;on's, lies in that gifted ornament. We have known a
whole parlour of them fluttered off, like a dove cJte, at the
sight of a friend coming up the garden.—Leigh Hunt.
Tua Fox kND.THE WlND.—There is one common error into
which many persons who 'hunt fall. namely, that when a fox
breaks cover, he Consults the wind as to his course. I was on.
deceived on this point very early in life—the first year that I
hunted in Leicestershire, indeed, which was that of 1802, by
that renowned sportsman, the late Mr. Loraine Smith, the inti-
mate friend of Mr. Meynell. "We shill run to Enderby (his
seat) to-day." said I to him. as the hounds were finding a fox in
Glenn Gorse. " What makes von think so?" was his reply.
"The wind sets that way," I said. " You are a young sports.
man," resumed he; but when you base been at this work as
long as I have, von will find that a fox never consults the wind.
(unless it blows very strong. indeed, when he will not face it at
all, if he can help it,) until he is hard pressed, when he will
turn with it. In fact, whilst he is fresh, he prefers running
against the wind to running with it, because he does hot hear
the cry of the hounds so plain, which is evident from the fact,
that the greater part of runs are up wind, or against a side.
wind—those of the best description almost universally so."—
Nimfod.

REMARKABLE EARTHQUAKE 111 MEXlCo.—Extract of a
letter dated Mexico, Nov. 27, 1837 :—" This City was visited,
in the dead of the night, on the '23d inst. (eight minutes past
twelve o'clock) with one of the most (heedful t, hock% of earth-
quake, for its force and duration, ever known ; it lasted four
minutes and a half, and never was such terror and consterna-
tion exhibited by the inhabitants before, It was fully expected,
that the whole city would have been destroyed, and the inhabi-
tants, 250,000 in number, have perished ; if it had lasted a
minute and a half more, nothing could have saved us; but
Providence ordained it otherwise, and thank God we were
spared. I shall never forget it as long as I live. I had been in
bed about an hour, when all at once I heard a noise as of the

rushing of a short sea and a strong wind. I immediately rose
up in may bed, and soon Ibund out what it was, as, in stepping
' out, the motion nearly upset me; the cracking of the walls,
doors. windows—in fact, every thing—was awful; my shutters
were forced open, and doors flew open and shut with a violence
no one could resist. Such was myterror that I could notmove
from the spot, and scarcely found sufficient strength to strike a
light. The day I never expected to see again, for evert momeet
I thought would terminate my existance. 'The motion was slow;
similar to th' waves of the sea, and we expected every Wise
would fall. Taking place at such en hour made it still more
dreadlul • every one was in confusion,—shrieks, groans.
fain-
tings, and people running in all directions almost in a state of
nudity—it was truly awful, and God grant that we may never
see the like again ! Much damage has been done, several houses

in the suburbs have fallen. and we understand some lives are
lost. Some houses in the city are so much shaken, that the
thoroughfares have been closed, to prevent coaches, &. from
passing, the motion of which would no doubt cause them to fall
immediately. The Cathedral has been so cracked and damaged,
that it is estimated that a suns of 12,000 dollars will be required
to repair it. Indeed, people to the present day have scarcely
recovered (ruin their fright."
HAZLE DIVINING Ron.—The employment of the divining
roil, when employed to discover ore or metal, was associated
with many superstitious observances. The fact, however, of
the discovery of water having been effected with it, when held
in the hand of certain persons, seems indubitable. The follow.
ing narrative. which has been lately communicated to us by a
friend residing in Norfolk, puts the subject in the clearest point
of view. And we shall simply state that the parties, whose
names are well known to many of our readers, are utterly in.
capable either of deceiving others or of being deceived them.
selves :—" Jan. 21, 1818. It is just fifty years since Lady N.'s
attention was first called to this subject; she was then sixteen
Years old, and was on a visit with her family at a chateau in.
Provence, the owner of which wanted to find a spring to supply
his house, and for that purpose had sent for a peasant who could
do so with a twig. The English party ridiculed the idea, but
still agreed to accompany the man, who, after walking some
way, pronounced t ha! he had arrived at the object of his search;
anal they accordingly dug, and found him correct. He was
quite an uneducated man, and could give no account of the
faculty in hies, or of the means which he employed ; but many
others, he said, could do the same. The English party now
tried for themselves, but all in vain, till it cause to the turn of
Lady N., when, to her amazement and alarm, she found the
same faculty was in her as in the peasant; and on het return to
England she often exercised it, though in studious concealment.
She was afraid lest she should be ridiculed, or perhaps get the
name of a witch ; and in either case she thought that she should
never get a husband. Of late )ears, her scruples began to wear
away; and when Dr. Hutton published Ozanam's researches
in 180.3, where the effect of the divining rod is treated as absurd
(vol. iv. p. 260,) she wrote a long letter to him, signed X Y Z.,
stating the facts which she knew. The doctor answered it,
begging further information. Lady N. wrote again ; and he,
in his second letter, requested the name of his correspondent t
that Lady N. also gave. A few years afterwards she went at
Dr. Hutton's particular request to see him at Woolwich, and
she then showed him the experiment, and discovered a spring
iu a field which he had lately • bought, near the new college,
then building. The same field he has since sold to the college,
and for a larger price, in consequence of the spring. Lady N.
this morning showed the experiment to Lord G. Mr. and Ine,
its the park at W. She took a thin finked hazel twig, about
sixteen inches long, and held it by the end, the joint pointing
downwards. When she came to a place where water was under
ground, the twig immediately bent, and the motion was more
or less rapid as she approached or µithdrew from the spring.
When just over it, the twig turned so quick as to snap, breaking
near her fingers, when by pi essing they were indented, and heated,
and almost h;istered; a degree of agitation was also visible in
her face. When she first made the experiment, she says this
agitation was great; and to this hour she cannot *holly divest
herself of it, though it gradually decreases._ She repeated the
trial several times, in different parts of the pack; and her state-

mews were always accurate. Among those persons in England
who have the same faculty. she says she never knew it so strong
as in Sir C. H. and Miss F. It is extraordinery that no effect
is produced at a well or ditch, or where earth does not inter.
pose between the twig and the water. The exercise of the
^
faculty is independt.ni of any volition." So far our narrator.
in whom. we repeat, the most implicit confidence may be
placed The faculty so inherent in certain persons is evidently
the same with that of the Spanish Zplwires, though the latter do
not employ the hazel twig.—Quarterly Bedew.

META enoa..—lt is very generally supposed, but the supposi•
tion is erroneous, that metaphor in the Eastern languages,
where it still almonds, is owing to the glowing imaginations and
hyperbolical and high !loon ideas incidental to a warm climate
and luxurious customs To this source many have not scrupled
to refer the noblest effusions of the sacred poets. No idea can
be more wide of the ttuth—nor any one more calculated to
darken and degrade the Scriptures. Metaphorical construction
of language is a sign of antiquity, not of clime (witness the
Celtic and other tongues); and the cause of so much metaphOr
being still found in Eastern tongues, is because, in their coo•
struction, as well as in many of their words, they retain a
larity to the parent Stock from which all language sprung; and
have not become such a combination of mere athitrary sounds,
as those tongues which have descended to Mingle through the
puddle of Greek and Roman Literature. Hence the exceeding
beawv of the images in the Eastern tongues, borrowed from
fl fiom hirdS, and other natural object?. The name of tbe
object presented, portrayed, or re•erred to, is so full of mean.
ing. that nhether it be actually brought into view, depicted, or
alluded to, it is introduced with an effect which an European
can have. with his mote matter-of-fact language, but a faint idea
of. If an Eastern lover tell his passion, shat epistle so full of
meaning, or so well understood l v his mistress, as a bouquet ?
and how carefully are the flowers arranged so that they may be
read alight! flore we have the beat fllitslration of hierogly,
plticx ; and not a mere illusirati, but a stare of the lit imitivq
connexi..n between language and natore,
the wrecks of that speech in which God himself held cunyerea
with rasa.—Mw sun's Hisuo y

A COUNTRY LIFE.

Front Me Opera of " The Village Coquettes," by Boz, (Charles
Dickens, Esq.)
There's a charm in spring, when ev'ry thing
Is bursting from the ground—
AViien pleasant showers bring forth the flow'rs,
And all is life around.

In summer day the fragrant bay
Most sweetly scents the breeze,
And all is still, save murntring rill
- Or sound of humming bees.

Old Autum❑ come, with rustygun
In quest of birds we roam;
Unerring aim, we mark the game,
And proudly bear it home.

A winter's night has it's delight,
Well armed to bed we go ;
A winter's day we're blithe and gay,
Snipe-shooting in the snow.

A country life, without the strife
And noise and din of town,
Is all I need; I take no heed
Of splendour or renown.
And when I die, oh, let me live
Where trees above me wave;
Let wild plants bloom around my tomb,
My quiet country grave.

THE HUNTER.

(From Blickzeood's Magazine.)
Merrily winds the bunter's horn,
And loud the ban of dogs replying,
When before the shout of the fleet-foot morn
The shadows of night are flying.
Sullen the boar in the deep green wood,
And proud the stag that roams the forest,
And noble the steed with his warlike blood,
That exults when the toil is sorest.
Fair is the land of hill and plain,
And lonely hills in misty mountains;
And the crags where eagles in tempest reign,
And glittering lakes and fountains.

These are the joys that hunters find,
Whate'er the sky that's bending o'er them,
When they leave their cares on their beds behind,
And earth is all fresh before them.

Day ever chases away the night,
And wind pursues the waves of ocean,
And the stars are brother-like hunters bright,
And all is in ceaseless *lotion.

Life is a chase, and so 'tis joy,
And hope foretells Om hunter's morrow;
'Tis the skill of man and the bliss of boy
To gallop away from sorrow.

CONTEMPORARY PRESS.

RADICAL NOTIONS OF COLONISATION.
(From the Morning Herald.)
It is curious to mark the facility with which the party
of the political economists can change its ground on the
subject of colonisation. The same men who are urging
the abandonment of the Canadas, on the ground that
colonies are unprofitable, are urging the establishment
of a colony in New Zealand, on the ground that coloni-
sation is the most profitable of all practices to a great
nation.
When we state, that " the same men" are pitting
forward these contradictory doctrines, we must be un-
derstood, with certain qualifications. The men who in-
dulge in the advocacy of these opposite opinions belong
to one class, and promulgate the same doctrines, unless
when fettered by the influence of particular circuinstan-
.ces. Thus, for instance, the ministerial daily papers do
nut, for very obvious reasons, call for the abandonment
of the Canadas; yet no one can doubt, that if their pa-
trons had been out of office during the late crisis, the
Chronicle and the Globe would have echoed the senti-
ments of Mr. Roebuck, and of Mr. Warburton, and of
all the other public men, who have advocated the theory
of colonial emancipation. As matters stand, these pa-
pers have been content to express approbation, in a ge-
neral way, of the principles which the intimates and
correspondents of Papineau and Mackenzie have pro-
'claimed in the market-places and from the house tops.
The ministerial papers have, in fact, made the question
of separation simply a question of time.
Bearing in mind these facts, we were somewhat
amused with the following passage in the Globe of last
night, in commendation of the projected New Zealand
job :

"Considering, however, what are the results produced by
colonization to this country—that, but for the establishment if
colonies, more than half of our commerce and manufactures would
have had no existence ; that every interest of the country is capa-
ble of indefinite enlargement by the further extension of our colo-
nies—we ao think that all such proposals as that of which we
are now writing are entitled to the favourable regard of the go-
, vernment and of the country. Ahead!, the colonies which we
have painted in the southern. hemisphere promise to render us inde-
pendent of the continent of Europe for our supply or wool; and a
colony in New Zealand might render us eventually independent of
.Ru.sia for our Hemp, at the same time that it might have the
.effect of opening inure extensive and more profitable markets
for our manufactures among the islands of the east, and along
the whole western shore of South America."
This passage, proceeding from an organ of the politi-
cal-economical party, is, we repeat, eminently curious.
When the value of a powerful and important colony
like Canada is in question, the economists are never
weary of attempting to show, that its retention involves
a mighty loss to England : when some ricketty attempt
at colonisation is about to be made, the economists (if
they are to have the superintendence of the job) assure
us with the utmost earnestness, " that every interest of
the country is capable of indefinite enlargement by the
further extension of our colonies."
• 'No truth can be less questionable than that embodied
in this latter proposition ; but if the proposition in ques-
. tion be undeniably true, in reference to the formation of
new colonies, its truth becomes more irresistible a hun-
dred-fold, in reference to the retention of colonies of the
stamp of Canada!
The Globe justly observes, that " the colonies which
we have planted in the southern hemisphere promise to
render us independent of the continent of Europe, for
our supply of wool." True; and to us the maintenance
and extension of that " independence" has always been
an object of anxiety. 'We have, therefore, always ad-
vocated the cultivation of colonial rather than of foreign
trade—and of home trade in preference even to colonial.
For these reasons, we should rather witness the esta-
blishment of a colony in Near Zealand than the exten-
sion of the free-trade system in Europe ; but we should,
at the same time, rather witness an honest attempt to
reclaim the waste lands of England and of Ireland, than
the most successful attempt to form a colony in New
Zealand, or elsewhere. The sentiments which we have
just quoted from the Globe are, in short, in admirable ac-
Cordance with the sentiments on these subjects which we
have always professed; but how the establishment of the
principle of " independence of the continent of Europe"
may be reconciled with the Globe's general theory of
free trade, we leave to our contemporary to determine.
We can, in the meantime, only congratulate bins on his
apparent conversion to the true faith.

POOR LAWS FOR IRELAND.
(From the 31ackburn Standard.)
One of the measures which have lately occupied the
attention of Parliament is the Irish Poor Law Bill, a
measure long since demanded, and the only one calcu-
lated to diminish the sufferings of that unhappy coun-
try.
If we survey the state and condition of any nation
upon earth, examine the history and resources of king-
doms, compare the relative advances of each in freedom,
civilization, or trade, we shall perceive in all some com-
mon principle, some quickening spirit, some active and
intelligible incitement to effort, some gradual course of
improvement, until over-luxury and over refinement
have relaxed and enervated the muscles of some ; others
have fallen either by powerful adversaries, or by the
spontaneous combustion of internal warfare; and others
endured in spite of time, lassitude, and the belligerent
aggressions of hostile neighbours.
- "We shall in vain look for another poor and wretched
isle, connected by treaty and bound under one sove-
reignty with a rich and powerful state, grovelling in the
very dust of abject need, and embracing within its ocean-
belt two millions of paupers,—we shall in vain search
csir a parallel to the frightful impoverishment of Ireland
in the whole volume of human history.
- How, why, wherefore is it thus ? How is it that we
find one portion of the empire prosperous, free, and full
of activity ; another sluggish, famished, and heart-bro-
ken ? The causes are manifold. Would Ireland long
remain in the state she is with an English or Scotch po-
pulation ? World her rivers flow idly on unburdened
with navigation—her green fields put forth grass, and
know no season for the plough, no seed-time, no harvest
—and her children run naked by the wayside—and her
women travail in affliction No ! The position of time
Protestant population in Ireland demonstrates the real
causes of her difficulties—namely, her ignorance, sub-
jection to priestly tyranny, her superstition, her apathy,
prejudices, and violence, her immemorial prostration, her
unchanged barbarism, her fatal rejection of that liberty
Which has blest so long the inhabitants of this country,
her unyielding tenacity to the errors and slavery of three
centuries since. The path of Protestantism in Ireland
is marked with prosperity as with an enchanter's wand,
but Popery bath produced and perpetuated a moral and
physical wilderness, and where it governs may be ascer-
tained by the dearth around, as of old it was said that
every thing faded when approached by an evil spirit..
-"The struggles' and conspiracies of religious hostility
baVe banished Capital from the land, except in districts
where confidence is insured by the presence of freedom.
The small farmer, scared from his fields by bloodshed and
rapine, has fled to the colonies. Manufactures in Ire-
land are wofully limited. All the agencies of commerce
are defective. Distrust, party rancour, intimidation, hi •
gotry, and endless contests, have conjointly occasioned a
state of things which has been gradually darkening un-
til two millions of persons are devoured by beggary—

dying from want—or defying. the law: tll robbery and
assassination.

What is the remedy for such evils? How can the gi-
gantic suffering of the Irish peasantry be mitigated or
subdued? LaboUr they cannot have till some security
is provided for life and capital. Can such misery he
wermitted to remain ? It is impossible; and the only
iproba bI e method of allaying it is through the introduc-
tion of a poor law which shall partially provide for the
necessities of the destitute—remove the motive and ex-
cuse for pillage and violence—relax the grasping despo-
tism of the priesthood—and by withdrawing in a degree
the cause of apprehension, invite the peaceful approaches
of speculation and manufacture, and finally, by furnish-
ing work for the poor population, relie%e them at length
of their dependency, and let them, like their fellow-sub-
jects,,feel, for the first time, the glow and healthy pulse
of hottest industry.
Moreover, the introduction of a well-digested poor
law (excluding many of the objectionable clauses which
must ere long be expunged from the'English bill) will
counteract partially the acknowledged evils of absentee-
ism; for while the property of the rich absentee is taxed
to supply his unfortunate countrymen with food, in many
cases the causes of his absence will disappear with the
disappearance of turbulence and the commission of those
savage and atrocious crimes which might well remove a
landlord from his estate, and expel opulence from the
soil.

That we, perhaps, anticipate results too visionary from
the establishment of poor laws in Ireland we are not
vain enough to consider impossible; but that good—
great good—and lasting benefits will be consequent on
their introduction, we earnestly and unfeignedly be-
lieve. Some hardship, it is true, will be entailed upon
the rate-payers, but that will be temporary ; property
will sustain an additional impost, but. that after a while
will gradually abate, _ and return ample interest to the
owner by purchasing peace, and surrounding his posses•
sions with some degree of security. But it 'is here
where the " patriots," the " liberators," the dear mar-
tyrs for their country, O'Connell and Sheil, perceive
matter for hostility. It is to the pocket that all their
frothy declamation tends, and when to snatch a multitude
of fellow-creatures from the jaws of penury, a slight
something in the pound is to be drawn from their purses,
great is their horror, loud their condemnation, and piti-
fulthe terror and amazement of these venal agitators.

If the baseness, depravity, profligacy, and pauper-
robbing hypocrisy which constitute O'Connell's charac-
ter could be perfectly finished, it would be by his mean •
tress and hateful obduracy in resisting the only measure
which can possibly relieve the afflicting distresses of his
country. " Ireland is too poor for a poor law," says the
heartless impostor, and by a process of hommopathic po-
licy, by wringing the crust from the hand of the starving
peasant, and administering new necessities, he would
extricate the hapless wretches from their wants by dis-
missing them from existence. What must be the condi-
tion of a country which is too poor for a poor law, if we
understand the fellow rightly, and he means to say that
destitution prevails so largely that it is beyond the power
of the law to furnish subsistence for the starving. It is
not too poor, but his influence and power over the rnis
guided beings whom he has so long robbed and betrayed
will be " poor indeed," when they shall begin to know
their real interests, the protection of the law, the pa-
cific achievements of industry, and the holy pride of spi-
ritual freedom. We are confidently impressed with the
belief that nothing—nothing can rectify the ills of Ire-
land, without the establishment first of a sound provision
for the poor
