PAGANINI.

QIGNOR PAGANINI, grateful for the liberal patronage he
1..77 has experienced, respectfully announces to the Nobility,
Gentry, and Public resident. in Liverpool and its Vicinity, that,
in deference to a wish expressed by numerous Families who
were unable to attend his Concerts at the Liver Theatre, be
is induced to give two more grand CONCERTS, at the
AMPIIITHEA fRE, on MONDAY EVENING, the 16th, and
WEDNESDAY EVENING, the 19th instant, being positively the
last be can have the honour of giving in Liverpool previous
to his final departure for the Continent, on which occasion he
will be assisted by those highly celebrated Vocalists, Miss
WELLS and Miss 'WATSON, likewise Mr. WATSON,
(Composer to the Theatres-Royal Covent-garden and English
Opera-house, and Member of the Royal Academy of Music.)
EROGR<IMME OF T E FIRST CONCERT.
FIRS' I
CONCERT.
Cavatina, Miss Wells, " So : e imagine." Mercadante.
Ballad, Miss Watson, "The merry mountain horn." Bishop.
Larghetto e Variazioni sul Rondo della
Centren- , r
ANANINI.
tutu, by Signor Paganini
Ballad, Miss Wells, "Coming through the Rye " Melodies.
Song, Miss Watson, "I will nut chide the Archer
Solis.
Boy." )
Recitativo e Variazioni sulle ire Aria sequenti 1
De cari venite
Nil ceo pui non mi sento
Di certi Giovani conosco Parte. Composed and
executed on ONE STRING ONLY, (the fourth,) j
by Signor Paganini .

ACT SECOND.
Duet, Miss Watson and Miss Wells, "Lo, when) Bishop.
Showers descending."..
(By desire) the admired Variazioni upon the
popular Neapolitan Canzonetta, " The Car-
nival of Venice," descriptive of the Freaks PAGANINI.
and Vagaries of a 'Venetian Carnival, by
Signor Paganini
Ballad, Miss Wells, " Kate Kearney." Melodies.
National Air, Miss Watson, "The Swiss Drover t
Boy." Stockhausen.
(By particular desire) the favourite Melody of
ithe North, "The Keel Row," by Misses Wells
and Watson, as sung with the most enthusias- yy
..Watson.
tic applause by them, at the Theatres-Royal
Dublin, Edinburgh, &c. having been called
for, and repeated three times each evening ~
The National. Air of "St. Patrick's Dav,"
arranged and performed on one string bnly, PAGANINI.
(the fourth,) by Signor Paganini .
MR. WATSON WILL PRESIDE AT THE PIANO-FORTE.
Tickets and Places to be had at the Mercury-office, and at
Mr. Weiss's Music Saloon, 2, Church-street.
N.B.—No Places can be secured unless Tickets are taken at
the time,

Boxes, ss.—Pit, 3s. 6d.—Gallery, 2s.
The Doors will be opened at Seven o'clock, and the Concert
will commence at Eight in the Evening.

FREEMEN OF LIVERPOOL.

AA Few Copies of a Report of the Evidence given before a Con-
mince of the House of Comls, relative to the Liverpool
Elections, remain on hand, and rUay be had at the Standard-
Office. Price NINEPENCE.

Ebt ILibtrpool AtanDarb,

FRIDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 13, 1833.

We received yesterday a file of Jamaica papers to the
29th July, and, as might be expected, these contain a
variety of opinions on the great question of colonial sla-
very. From the Jamaica Despatch of the 25th July we
take the following extract from a very able letter, to
which public attention is called on the ground that it ex-
presses the sentiments of the great body of the planters.
The letter, by the way, is addressed to Mr. Secretary
STANLEY :

"The British Government may send out an order for the
emancipation, of the slaves, and the colonists, knowing their
power to enforce it, must submit; but were England ten thou-
sand times more powerful than she is, she cannot compel the
colonists to support any apprenticed labourers upon such terms as
are contained in your plan—and you will find that you will be
told so by them when the time arrives. They know that the
inherent rights of Englishmen are summed up in three articles
—the right of personal security, the right of personal liberty,
and the right of private property. Invade these rights, and you
lay the foundation of England's ruin, and draw down on your
own head the execration of after-ages for the misery you will
have entailed on thousands, and for the effusion of blood which
you will have occasioned. Protect these rights, and you will
find the colonists go hand in hand with the mother country in
all her views towards emancipation."

The following is an extract from a private letter re-
ceived by an eminent mercantile house in this town:—
" Kingston, Jamaica, 28th July, 1833.

" Mr. Stanley's first proposition of depriving us of our pro-
perty, and giving, as compensation, LIBERTY TO BORROW MO-
- ! has made his second seem something like a boon.
" We think that our Assembly (which is called for the 27th
proximo) will accept of the £26 for each negro, and that they
are more likely to make emancipation complete. on. receipt of
the money, than be tied up to go into the vexatious details of
the proposed apprenticeship.

" Almost all the intelligent and reflecting people here think
the colonies, as valuable and productive parts of the parent
state, already lost; those who look only on the surface of things
say all may yet be well. A government loan of ten millions on
lauded security would assist the latter consummation; so would
the establishment of banks and emigration.
" strange, that while writing on this subject, the follow-
ing should be put into my hands, the opinion of a man of 70 :
As I consider the cultivation of land in this country by the
blacks nearly at an end, I am desirous of getting Mr. Myers,
who is now in Bremen, with a view of getting Germans out to
cultivate his property, to bring out some families for me. Can
you give me his address ?—Yours, &c.'
"This speaks for itself, and coincides with the opinion given
to you by Mr. in London, by Mr. here, and other
practical men.

" In our opinion coffee and pimento may be productive for
some years to come, but SUGAR WILL Nof!—Look at St. Do-
mingo !—it is now supplied from America!
" The philanthropists of England will then have to supply
themselves with the produce of foreign slave labour. Such will
be the end of this famous bill.

"Query,—Will the blacks in our own colonies benefit by this
change? We say, No! But time will tell."
We have also received Demerara papers to the late
date of the 7th August. The colonists of Berbice pre-
sented an address to the Governor, Sir JAMES CARMI-
CHAEL SMYTH, on the 27th July, in which, with reference
to the resolutions of the House of Commons, the follow-
ing sentence is the most important:—
" We will not conceal from your Excellency the deep anx-
iety and fearful doubts with which we contemplate the mo-
mentous changes about to take place in the colonial system ;
but convinced that these changes are inevitable, and that our
property and very existence, as a civilized society, depend upon
their successful result, we beg to assure your Excellency that
we will most cordially concur and co-operate, by every means
in our power, with your Excellency and his Majesty's Govern-
ment in giving effect to all such measures as may be deemed
necessary (in pursuance of the Resolution of the House of

SEPTEMBER 13, 1833.

Commons) for the preserva•tion of the public tranquillity, the
security of property, and the welfare of all classes of the com-
munity. Confidently relying on the justice of his Majesty's
Government and our fellow-subjeftfts in the mother country
should all our efforts to meet their wishes fail of success, W
award us full and just compensation for all the losses tve shall
such event have sustained."

By this it would appear that these gentlemen look for-
ward to a further pecuniary award in their favour besides
the proposed twenty millions. We congratulate them
upon their hopes and pleasing anticipations; but it will
be as well to receive the first payment before they adopt
any plan for building castles with the second grant.

A general meeting of the Agricultural Society of
Demerara and Essequebo was held on the 6th August,
at which a similar address was voted and presented to his
Excellency. The following are three of the resolutions
passed at this meeting :

"That however much our experience leads ds to dread, the
peril incident to so sudden and premature a change in the ex-
isting relations of master and servant, and the fatal ernbarrasi-
ments consequent upon its failure, we, nevertheless, placing
implicit confidence in the declarations of the British Govern-
ment, and relying on the wisdom of the Local Legislature to
organize the details applicable to this colony, of this great •
national experiment, so as to render the chance of the future
beneficial cultivation of the soil as little hazardous as possible
to the planter, will cordially co-operate in the endeavour to
bring the contemplated measures to a safe and happy result. "
"That the compensation awarded by Parliament for the loss
of property, which it is admitted the -colonists must sustain,
even at the commencement of the contemplated changes,
should be paid to the proprietors without any delay, in order to
enable them to give the plan a fair trial.
"That his excellency the Lieutenallit-Governor and the ho-
nourable the Court of Policy be most respectfully requested to •
take into consideration the propriety of submitting to his Ma-
jesty's government a proposal that, in addition to the compen-
sation, there be granted to this colony a loan of two millions it
and a half sterling, bearing 4 per cent. _interest, with 1 per
cent. additional as a sinking fund, to be secured upon - the co-
lonial revenue. Such loan would be -highly, beneficial to the
colonial interests, and would tend to prevent an accumulation
of distress, which the proposed partial com?ensation, in its more
enlarged application, will be insufficient to arrest,"

Whether Government will pay any attention to these
suggestions relative to a loan remains to be seen. The
most important document, however, which we have re-
ceived from Demerara, is a copy of the resolutions unani-
mously agreed to by the Court of Policy on the sth
August. The Governor submitted to the Court the
resolutions of the House of Commons, and a circular
from Mr. Secretary STANLEY, on the 3d August. These
latter documents are too voluminous for our pages; but
the substance of them will be gathered from the subjoined
reply, the Court of Policy having adjourned from the 3d
to the sth August, in order to deliberate upon and pre-
pare the same :

" His excellency the Lieutenant-Governor, having laid before
the court a circular despatch of the right honourable the Secre-
tary of State for the Colonies, dated 13th June last, communi-
cating certain resolutions adopted by the House of Commons
relating to the abolition of colonial slavery, the court is de-
sirous, on so momentous an occasion, to take the earliest oppor-
tunity of recording, for the information of his Majesty's govern-
ment, their sentiments on the general principles of this most
important subject, which alone are indicated in those resolutions,
and referred to in that despatch : •
"That, for this purpose, acknowledging, and accepting wil-4
gratitude the grant of twenty millions sterling announced to-be •
made towards the compensation of the proprietors in the slave
colonies, as an earnest of the deliberate and becoming deter-
mination of the imperial parliament to fulfil to any further
extent which the circumstances of the case may call for, the
obligation which justice imposes of enforcing no ipvasion of
the rights of private property without affording full indemnifica-
tion, and relying on the firm adherence to the just principle of
distribution of that grant among the several colonies, which has
been already declared by his Majesty's government, this
court requests that his excellency the Lieutenant-Governor will
be pleased to convey to his Majesty the dutiful assurance of itg
cordial desire to contribute its best efforts to devise and give
effect to all such measures for the abolition of slavery as shall
appear best calculated for attaining that object, under such
provisions for regulating the condition of the negro as maY
combine their welfare with the interest of the proprietors, and
the general benefit of the state.

" 2.—That, in receiving with respectful deference, and en`''
gaging to aid zealously in procuring an efficient and salutary
operation of the decree of his Majesty and the British parlia-
ment on this subject, the court cantiot conceal its sense of th,,
almost overwhelming difficulties with which the intended ex-
periment is encompassed, nor can it look forward without a feel-
ing of deep anxiety, not unmixed with misgivings, as to its
results.

"3.—That, while the court is aware that the projected mea-
sures are intended to effect an entire change in the structure of
our society, and in the relations of its different classes, and are
designed to abolish any domestic or arbitrary authority by
which its labouring population has been hitherto partially go-
verned, and while it will be ready to adopt and to aid in carry-
ing into execution a more approved scheme of social relations,
conducive, eventually, to elicit and establish, to every practi-
cable extent, a system of voluntary industry for carrying on the
work of agricultural .production, it anxiously hopes that. big-
Majesty and parliament will be disposed to make considerate
allowance, not only for the acknowledged difficulties cotillion
to all the slave colonies which perplex the satisfactory adjust'
ment of the question, but in an especial manyetior the peculiar
and aggravated disadvantages, with reference to the accomplish-
ment of the desired object, which attach to this colony in cony
parison with most others, arising from several obvious causes,
but chiefly from the greater disparity which exists here between
the supply of, and the demand for, labour, in consequence of
the unbounded extent of the field for its employment; and be'
tween its value and the cost of that scale of maintenance with
which the habits and circumstances of the labourer dispose hire
to rest satisfied. The court, therefore, earnestly trusts that his
Majesty's government will be sensible, that the maintenance or
efficient industry, in the cultivation of the staple productions 0f
the colony, can only be secured by regulations of the most strict
and powerful description, which, though exempt from the 01)"
noxious features of slavery, and effectually guarded against the
liability to abuse, under the impulse of private interest or irre-
sponsible authority, will, nevertheless, render the existing fund
of labour to every extent not incompatible with the well-beiag,
of the labouring class, available for continuing the established
system of production of the colony, and that such regulation°
are alike essential to the preservation of the capital involved,'"
to the rendering of this dependency of the empire subservient.t;
its power, prosperity, and resources, and are in an esPeci a
manner called for by a comprehensive regard to the future and
permanent welfare, and the progressive social advancement
the great body of its labouring population, whose interests haee
engaged in so marked a manner the solicitude of the Dritiso
nation.
" 4.—That, as intimately connected with and subservient t°
the prospective elevation of that description of the labourill
population whose privileges are about to be extended, and te
essential to the well-being and salutary organisation of Or"
entire social state, the court cannot on this occasion refrelll,
from expressing its sense of the urgent necessity for reconstrucl „
ing fundamentally, and making due provision for the effleie°.
execution of an equally powerful and strict system of apPoeli.
ate regulations for the government of its general society, °ft.
complexions and descriptions; an organisation which is
more indispensable to the peace and safety of the commurntf'
from the recent rapid increase of a free population, cowl:ill:at;
tively exempt from salutary control, and too often revelling W
impunity in licentious idleness and petty crime, in' consequence
of an existing institution, chiefly, framed with an exeluely
regard to the regulation of a slave community, being utter _
inadequate to afford sufficient means of preventing and retire!,
ing the disorder, and obviating the danger thus incident to et'
social state.
hich
"s.—That looking to the unavoidably heavy expense w
will attach to the establishment of a magistracy and P(:lts
establishment, on a scale of efficacy commensurate W:sl
the wants of the community, and daverting to the additiot7o
provision requisite for the religioUs and moral education 0f the
negro population, the court receives with thankfulness ,
pledge contained in the resolution of the intention of Part ~tch
ment to make provision for these important objects, to "
the resources of this colony are entirely inadequate.
6.—That it is particularly satisfactory to the court to her::
the assurance of the Secretary of State, that the urea 0p!
proposed to Parliament for carrying into effect the resolu"tv
of the House of Commons will be so framed as to leave e.
amplest opportunity for taking advantage of the local inf°eit
tion of the Legislative councils, and showing respect to
rt";l4
judgments. That the court will devote itself to this iror°
duty whenever his excellency the Lieutenant-Governor J-0,
propose that it. shall enter on its details, and that in the !leer
time, the court entirely concurring in opinion with issirieo
cellency in the propriety of making such preliminary ingtioters
as may be conducive to the due elucidation of various tritolY
connected with the projected chauges, will engage assidt
in instituting such inquiries.
Ineet!
7.—No. I. That with reference to the prevailing sent' ty
of the resi4lent proprietary and representatives of prOe.r.
this colonyt'and of all other classes of the colonists, it k the
tifying to the court to testify its belief, that, in reliance :ger°.
justice of Parliament, and the support of his Majesty's
went, a disposition pervades that important body to jrili
apploaching change in a eoneitiXtiitg and co-operative
A

but the court would be wanting in its duty a this crisis, if it
(lid not
gover beg permission earnestly to impress on his Majesty's
nnient that this community so entirely confide •in the
his
of that equitable principle already propounded by
418 Majesty's government as to the distribution among, the
different colonies of the intended compensation, that a devia-
t!o.ss from that
dies principle would engender feelings of intense
c°olpointment and despondency, and would tend seriously to
Promise the hope of embarking in aid of the arduous ex-
periment about to be entered On, the cheerful concurrence 'of
that h-
- -ydy, on whose cordial co-operation its peaceful and bene-
ficial Progress avowedly depends.
t" NO. 2.- That as the grant in question is obviously made
owards affording compensation for a peculiar description of
eny about to be affected by the changes incident to the
alt Policy of the state, it is self-evident that no other rule
than one which shall have strict regard to the relative values
?f that species of proßerty in the different situations in which
alt 110 w exists, can with any semblance of justice be made appli-
cable to its due apportionment.
"No. 3. If this were a question on the adjustment of which
P:wertlil private or political influences could be admitted to
it,ve a legitimate bearing, this colony, unable to contend with
wdipetitors in the exertion of such influences, could not but
have serious apprehensions of an unfair result, but in a matter
‘ltpure equity, subjected to the soleinn and judicial adjudica-
.°ll of the imperial legislature, the court cannot entertain the
trelecorous supposition that any other principle will be sane-
iioned than that which will award the intended compensation
degree in which that property which is to be interfered
with Possesses value as property. The confidence with which
° court is disposed, on behalf of this colony, to rely exclusively
the abstract justice of its claim in this important matter
Would not be weakened by the appeal which it might make to
'the repeated acknowledgments, by successive Secretaries of
the
°I. his Majesty's gracious approval of its efforts to fulfil
V" intentions of parliament in the amelioration of slavery, and
iieh, 80 long as the legislation, on that subject, was left to its
cretion, fell short in one solitary point only of carrying into
'Meet the requisitions of his Majesty's government.

All the stories busily circulated for the last few days
r
elative to defection in Don MionEL's army, the death
BounNioNt, and the defeat of CADAVAL, now turn
(Alt, as we suspected, to be fictions invented by the liberal
PaPets for the honest purpose of gambling upon the
°ek Exchange. We have advices from Oporto to the
fth alt., at which time it would appear that BOUR-
-0;( Was within forty miles of that capital, with an army
from
.twenty to twenty-five thou Sand men. That he
the march upon the city hardly "admits of a doubt, and
or in its environs, the fate of PEDRO and Portugal
will be decided.
It is •
b singular enough that at the very moment chosen
lets Majesty's Ministers for the recognition of Donna
her 444, and the exhibition of the poor infant at Windsor,
fortunes are as much clouded as at any. period of this
the contest. A civil war spreads desolation over
wiie whole of the kingdom to which her worthless father,
4111 even the Whigs distrust and despise, lays claim in
test name and the uncle who had been commanded to
z 15"se her seems resolved, under the guidance of able
ellerals, to decide their respective pretensions by the
word.
.T
Lt is also remarkable that Don MIGUEL, in
thise enterprise,
is encouraged, if not aided, by Don
4R Los of
Spain, a prince who, till recently, was the un-
,evabted heir of the Spanish crown, and who, there is
deerY reason to fear, will contest his right to it upon the,
tbnlise of his brother FERDINAND. In this struggle,
t.eeref°re, there are two uncles making war upon their
dt:PeeLive nieces, and it is likely to be a struggle of some
rati°ll and much blood.
c0,,,h,e Way in which his Majesty's Government have re-
f Olised Donna MARIA is, like themselves, the very per-
caec,,,,tkr" of shabbiness. They have been supporting her
,t along, but they could net pluck up sufficient
b°llrage to avow it in an open and bold manner. They
TThfetssed neutrality, and they have attempted to bolster
tnie professed neutrality by means of as many lies as
tb°lll,ld put all the inmates of all the gaols in Europe to
ultlsh. They have denied the charge in the hardiest
411/Cliner possible ; and have even put words into the
G's month . which all the world knew were not
words becoming the sacred Majesty of England. In
Short. they loudly, and in the most swaggering man-
lier, disclaimed all interposition and all knowledge of
'4aY breach of neutrality by the KING'S subjects; and
these disclaimers they repeated throughout the whole of
ik
.'e last. session of Parliament. But no sooner was Par-
-14
larnent prorogued—the voice of the censor liushed--
14(1 when they could not conveniently be called to ac-
cunt—then, and not till then, did they recognise the
tights of this unhappy child, and renew their " diplo-
taatic relations with Portugal !"
If they fancied that DON PEDRO was safe in Lisbon, and
the cause of his daughter triumphant, then were they
thlY fools; but if they had ant suspicions on this head,
o are they something worse than foals: They are
.114(4' in a dilemma. They have recognised DONNA:MARIA j
,or by this act they are bound by treaty, as the ministers
of it, 116 Xing of ENGLAND, to protect and assert the rights
Young QUEEN by force of arms. Their neutrality
1 at an end. They lied over it long enough. So
sclag as they had any doubts as to who was the rightful
itiv ,etreign, so long had they a pretext for not interfering
tcL'e quarrel. But now they must be taken as having
ati4lisgivings on the subject.; they have recognised the
to ',I)°NNA. MARIA and having done so they are bound
t!ce her upon her lawful throne per force of arms.
w ?
; Y All ! here is.the rub ! It will take nzonish,
wiYthfr end Moses! Lord PAIXERSTON cannot go to war
tash nothing but Exchequer bills, or while the harder
410_ continues to " fructify" in Mr. POWLETT Timm-
-4_B Pockets. We cannot afford to send ten thousand
pt: to the shores of the Tagus. LOUIS. PHILIPPE,
vidett.O's sleeping partner, would willingly enough pro-
too; thefrancs ; but he insists upon furnishing the men
knp, 111 d that is a proposition which Lord GREY well
,tievis the people of England would not brook for a sin-
tokprzi. "lent. Louis, the son of egaliti, has many
teto-tit reasons for wishing to invade Portugal—many
arc,upt4tions to make it a desertHmany a
.pecuniary
y4tent in favour of the destruction of its vine-
la th and its old port—but we of England know that
take e cause port versus claret, John Bull is sure to
the side of the plaintiff. The citizen KING is
'4g. but he has no right whatever to interfere in
be „liirairs of England ; his Britannic MAJESTY may
.1144-4/citting but he is bound by treaty to interfere,
or iidefend the King or Queen of PORTUGAL against his
418er enemies. Lord GREY, we suspect, however, is
hisosed to treat solemn treaties as Lord GODERICH treats
TY, namely, as an old alnianack.
1
,part, rollowindContains, in 'a short spate, the latest
poncieblars from Lisbon. Our London private corres-
exit supplies other facts

Falmouth, September 9.
4 h
all al Bourmont has the command of about 16,000 men,
,11(1 is dili
It is Li_ gently engaged in completing their discipline, so that
.
I'op sought he does not contemplate any hasty attack on Lis-
as h. which the Pedroites are perpetually engaged in reporting
tit
011 intention for the purpose of keeping alive the publicspi-
'at bf the caPital, which, it would seem, is very warm in favour-
1301. °ltt Pedro and Donna Maria, the former seeking every opr-
vii,titillitY of exciting the cry of " Viva Donna Maria," by sehe to - Y courting the Popular applause, to attain which end
the to to the utmost degree of familiarity with all, even.
hoe lowest ranks. Miguel, however, has many friends in Lis-
oillie) Iv" de not dare, under present circumstances, to show any
4 Inanifestation of their disposition to support his cause, but
11 are
he , nevertheless, ready to render every assistance
. to him
.erlrs ever opportunity may occur without compromising tehae,iii-
-iiita °nal safety Dorn Miguel and Don Carlos are at the h
`ll.. rters of Marshal Bourmont, and their presence greatly con-
and to keep alive the attachment of the army to the person
qt. ti cause of their sovereign. There are several guerilla par
ties dispersed
dispersed over the country, and they cause no little annoy
41_ eto the partisans of Dorn Pedro. Bourmont, it is further
41'1, is in expectation of being joined by a great number of fo-
tyteititsv_o,luntee.r!, both officersand men, it is supposed he
hi— ..":"""in his present position till their arrival shall enable
his t take the field with a certain assurance of the success of
°Peratioll3.

,—...
:f A ue recall of
Lord ANGLESEY and the re-appointment
Lord WELLESLEY as Viceroy of Ireland, have not
tizilY caused some surprise, but have excited considerable
:ePPrehension in the minds of the Protestants of that
rtilltrY• The Dublin Evening Mail, on.e. of the leading
4.411 s of that party, gave vent to its suspicions and its in-
Ittlation on Wednesday last, in the following terms :
t is not that the Marchioness
tß.Whic Wellesley professes that
itti:,e''' h it is evident that an
ascendancy is about to be
eilizi this couitry—it.ii uot that our new viceroy's mock court

will be the haunt of all that is bigotted and intolerant in the
land, or that his councils will be directed by those whose leading
passion is hate to Protestantism and its establishments—(that
of his predecessor has latterly had nothing to boast of,) no, it is
the deep and deadly wound given to that moral principle which
is the characteristic of the Irish Protestant that will be felt at
sending such a man, and at such a time, to rule the destinies of
this unfortunate and ill-treated country. This one act is more
strongly calculated to estrange the feelings of our party from
England and English connection than all that the Whigs hare yet
committed against us. How deep must the resentment of the
Irish people "of all creeds be when they see that of late the qua-
lifications-for our viceroys are the poverty that results from im-
providence, a disregard for the observances of religion, and
an utter incapacity for public business ? That men-of bad pub-
lic lives, and worse private .ones—broken in constitution and
bankrupts in character=should be sent over here to reap, by the
appropriation of an enormous income, intended originally for
public benefit, the reward of an ill-spent life; is enough to open
our eyes to English misgovernment. Why should this country
be a mere paddock for the spavined hacks of the British court
to fatten on? We want melt of talent, firmness, and integrity,
who respect morality and reverence religion, to govern us; we
want men whose pecuniary circumstances, will enable • them at
the least to expend in the country that which they derive from
it, in place of having Chancery receivers and the collectors of
trustees hanging about the Treasury on quarter days, picking
up for lawful creditors each his portion of the spoil levied off
the people of Ireland; we want a viceroy about whom the
noblemen of the land can rally, and a lady at whose court our
matrons can present their daughters on their entrance into life;
we want a man with whom gentlemen can mix in social inter-
course without the fear of being bearded by priests or bullied by
demagogues, and at whose table they may hope not to be
inflicted with worse company than they could meet within the
precincts of any other, circle of what is termed respectable so-
ciety; we want, in fine, a court that will revive our drooping
trade, encourage our sinking manufactures, give motion to our
listless looms, animation to, our dispirited and broken-hearted
shop-keepers, an impetus to trade, and a resuscitation to
fashion."

We do not adopt the asperity of tone thus indulged in
by our able and honest contemporary, but we go as far
as he doeslin believing-- that the mission of this tawdry
lord and miserable' statesman will be to Ireland a national
infliction, and will do more to alienate the moral, respect-
able, and intelligent part of the population from the alli-
ance with England than anything that has been done for
many years. It will do much, we solemnly believe, to
increase the popular discontents of that unhappy island,
and lead to its Separation from the British empire.

We have reason to know, as we intimated on Tues-
day—in fact, it is well known in the best informed politi-
cal circles, that Lord WELLESLEY has been a principal
adviser of all the recent ?measures adopted towards Ire-
land—an adviser of the church spoliation and the bible
condenniation scheme—that he lias been during his whole
life a toadier and flatterer of every vulgar and insolent
priest—an ultra hater of the Protestants—an envenomed
enemy of their religibus and educational institutions,
carrying on by sap and mine a secret war against all that
they love and reverence, all that attaches them to their
native land, all that freshens their affections and fortifies
their confidence in their relationship with England.

But this is the man selected for the second time to
direct the government of Ireland ! And why is he so
selected ? Because the measures to be enforced are his
own, and because it is considered that no man can be so
.
well qualified to carry these measures into effect as their
author and propounder. And what are these measures?
They are the further degradation of the Protestant
church, the destruction of the corporations, the extinction
of Protestant influence, the ascendancy of the Popish
lerarchy, and the pensioning, by means of English
money, of the worthless priests of that communion. If
this policy were wise or expedient, which it is not, the
very choice made, in the person of the Marquis WEL-
LESLEY, for the purpose of carrying it into operation, is
objectionable in the higheSt degree. During this noble-
man's first viceroyalty he was the most unpopular man
in Ireland. He was Odious to all parties. He engaged
in theatrical riots--he was the hero of the bottle row—
his dignity was insulted, and he stormed like an emperor
—made war upon the gods of the gallery—ordered PLUN-
KETT, his Attorney-General, to prosecute the suspected
parties, although he knew that not a single juryman in
the whole country would return a verdict in his favour.
In this way. he wrangled with all classes, filed informa-
tions by scores, even cater the
_grand jury bad thrown
out his indictnientS. %QUI ccframpt, until he was corn;
pelled to retire from office amid the shouts of popular
execration. Are the Whigs so blind—is the noble Mar
--
pis so silly as to believe that these acts of folly are for
gotten ? i
Do they, imagine -that the Protestants of Ire-
land.are_made, of wood or stone, like the images "my
lady" worships, and 'that they have no. sense of insult,
and no recollection of his mischievous plots, his vindic•
tive prosecutions, his- playhouse broils, his persevering
hostility to their church and the faith for which their
fathers have fought and bled ? Lord WELLESLEY may
dream in this way, for his whole life has been a dream;
but Lord GREY is not so 'Stupid, and he Must know that
he is sending an obnoxious:man to be a firebrand in Ire-
land. His needy circumstances, apart from his factious
politics, and his past errors, render Lord WELLESLEY a
most ineMcient, and improper representative of the
KING'S majesty. What was wanted at the present junc-
ture was a statesman of untainted reputation, and pos-
sessed of those moral and religious attractions which
would have a tendency to woo back to this country those
affections which have cooled of late years, and which, we
fear, we are on the point of losing for ever. What was
wanted was a man who could have rallied round him the
established clergy and the Protestant population, who
still writhe under the insults offered to their order, and
the acts of spoliation committed upon their church. If
the Whigs had been desirous to heal old, wounds and
stem the floods of bitterness which have been let loose
by a revolutionising_ or experimentalising government,
they would have strained every nerve to conciliate the
Protestants. So, far from doing this, however, they have
given power to a man Whose very name is abhorrent to
the best part of the popiilation, and who is sure to excite
thOse heartburnings Which. it was most degrable of all
things to avoid at the present crisis. They have done
that which there is every reason to fear will plunge Ire-
,land into fresh discords, and hasten that final separation
to which the measures of the fast few years have smoothed
the way. If the* ProteiOntS be 'hurried by, any rash
measures, such as those which, Lord WELLESLEY has in
store for them, and which he deems the, pana.cea for all
the evils of Ireland, into the dreadful alternative of join-
ing the ranks of the Repealers, then is Ireland lost in-
deed, and lost for ever, uniess-reConquered by invasion
and a murderous conflict. The connection of that island
with our own would not have an hour's duration if the
Protestants were to join in the cry of disMemberment.
We are not disposed to speculate upon the chances of
reconquest ; but this is no speculation in so far as the
Protestants are Concerned---4e mean the power of en-
forcing a separation in the first instance.

But in whatever way we view the subject it is impos-
sible to view it with any other feelings than those of dis-
trust and alarm. Our Protestant brethren well know
that the Marquis WgLLESLEY is not sent amongst
them charged with measures for their honour or advan-
tage. They know that of his immense salary of £30,000
a-year, not more than £4,000 will be spent in Ireland.
They know that at the court of the viceroy neither they,
their wives, nor their daughters can appear. The high
and noble of the land are restrained by circumstances
from paying court to the KING'S representative. The
noble Marchioness is a Roman. Catholic, and the fairest
and first-born of Ireland,are Protestants. She will be
surrounded by priests and confessors into whose presence
the daughters of the nobility may not come, whose vul-
gar habits they must not see, whose polluted atmosphere
they must not breathe. In short, Lord WELLF,SLEY'S
beggarly court will consist of demagogues and monks, fit
only to form a train in a popish procession. It is a most
unhappy choice altogether, and the end of it, we fear,
will be fatal in more respects than one.

We have New York papers to the 25th ult., but they
are totally barren of any news which would excite in-
terest on this side of the water. The packet made her
passage in seventeen days.

THE CONCISELY BEAUTIFUL.—The Omnibus writes thus :
".Worktiop.The harvest is nearly gatheredthetyphUs fever
is prevalent—gamei is plentiful." `f his remindi.us.of our pretty
friend the c:hambermald at. the Tavistock, who promptly called
to hoots,
,".1-lot water fur No. 2•• No.
3's cut his throat"— Town..
;

LONDON LATEST NEWS.

Wednesday Evening, Ha!l:past Seven o'clock.

The intelligence yesterday from Lisbon has produced
some ludicrous effects upon the liberal press. The scribes
of these accurate journals, who have annihilated, "from
undoubted authority," Don Miguel, and from equally
high channels of information made the Portuguese nation
unanimously in favour of the puppet Queen, have sud-
denly found themselves compelled to eat their own words,
than which a more nauseous repast can scarcely be itna-
gined. We have from good. authority, that the force
under Marshal Bourtnont amounts to no less than 25,000
men, and that the disciplitte of these troops since the arri-
val of the French officers from Spain is such as to render
the issue of the contest little doubtful.

Our Money market has been somewhat affected by the
congress about to be held, or now holding, by the King
of Prussia and the Emperor of Russia, which will proba-
bly lead,- according-to .the apprehensions of the specula-
tors, to the concoction of some project to arrest the march
of mobocracy, and, consequently, bring them in collision
with the Government of the citizen King and England.
Consols for Account this afternoon,close at 88.4, and the
market has worn a flat appearance. Portuguese Scrip
has fallen as low as 18, but rallied this afternoon to 201,
extraordinary means being adopted to keep up this se-
curity. (!) 'the Bonds are 751. There is some business
in the northern bonds, which, for Russian, are 102;
Dutch 4S and for Belgian 94. Spanish Stock has
declined, the King of Spain, although killed for the last
month daily by the newspapers, not having yet shuffled
off his mortal coil. The Stock is 21-'L 22k.
