k it,
•

~

DECD AIBER 15, 1835•

LIVER THEATRE, LIVERPOOL,

IT is respectfully announced that this Theatre will Open foi
I the Season ou MONDAY next, the 21st instant. The fol-
lowing Performers are already Engaged_—

. e,
The Misses SMITH,
From several'of the first Concerts and Theatres in England,
Nieces of the celebrated Miss STEVENS,
Mr. SMITH, (Father of the Ladies,) and
Mr. BYNGE,
(Pupil of J. E. Loder. Esq.,) who has already appeared in
Public with such distin.uished success; these Ladies and
Gentlemen are engaged for FOUR NIGHTS ONLY. Various
others of equal celebrity are in treaty with, and the following
for the Seaon :
Mr. Younge, from the Theatre-Royal, Drury-lane,
Mr. Miles, from the Queen's Theatre, Loudon,
Mr. Halford, from the Theatre-Royal, Bath,
Mr. Howard, from the Theatre-Royal, Chit, am,
Mr. W. Chaplin, from the Theatre, ShreurY,
Mr. Dipper, from the Theatre-Royal, Cheer,
Mr. Richardson, from the Theatre. Belfast,
Mr. St. Leon, from the Surrey Theatre,
Mr. Melville, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Williams, &c.
Mr. Cooper, from the Theatre-Royal, Glasgow.
Mr. Platt, Mr. Hunphrevs.
Mr. W. J. HAMMOND,
Mr. RAYMOND,
Miss Forbes, from the Theatre-Royal, Drury-lane,
Miss Kenyon, from the Theatre-Royal, Chester,
Mrs. Miles, from the Theatre, Buxton,
Mrs. Howard, from the Theatre-Royal, Cheltenham,
Mrs. Herbert, Mrs. Platt, Mrs. Melville,
Miss Clarke, Miss Jones, &c. &c.
Mrs. RAYMOND.
_ _

It is requested that the Ladies and Gentlemen Engaged front
the different Theatres will assemble on the Stage on or before
Friday, the 18th instant.
Particulars will be given in future Bills and Advertisements.

ILibcrpotlt g-tanbarti.

TUESDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 15, 1835-

We have received files of New York papers to the
25th of November. They contain advices from Jamaica
to a later date than any we have yet been favoured with,
namely, to the 7th November. Under this head the
New York Journal of Commerce, of the 21st ultimo
has the following :

From Jamaica.—We received, at an early hour this morning,
papers from Kingston, Jatnaica, to the Pith November, brought
by the ship Orbit, just arrived from that port. We have no
time to give extracts, and therefore confine ourselves to paying
that the contents of these papers continue to be strongly
cative of the growing discontent produced on the island—and it .-
is the most important possession of the British in the West
Indies—by the apprenticeship system introduced on the aboli-
tion of negro slavery.

The public will recollect that the late Jamaica legislature was
dissolved by the Marquis of Sligo, the governor, in consequence
of the unceremoneous manner in which they treated his mes-
sage to them. Elections have since taken place for members to
the colonial assembly, and almost all the former members have
been returned. They had elected a speaker, audit was doubted
whether the governor would approve their choice.
The Island of St. Christophers has been visited by a tornado,
which had caused great damage.
The Chevalier de Bernard, attorney-general of Guadeloupe,
who had been sent to Jamaica by the French government to
ascertain how the apprenticeship system was working there, has
arrived here in the Orbit.

It is rather singular that these journals contain little
or nothing in reference to the great question of Agar or
peace between France and the United States. That
great preparations are making we can only arrive at in-
cidentally. The citizens of .i.`,Tew York are naturally
enough opposed to the war, and consequently they do not
discuss a question according to their convictions merely
because the side opposed to their own is popular with the
great mass of their readers. Their silence is therefore
ominous. The following is all we can glean ; but it
shows that,the government are actively engagedn pie-
paring for the conflict :

MORE SHIPS OF WAR.—We understand that the navy com-
missioners have made an application to the Grand Island Com-
pany through their agents, Samuel Allen, &c., &c., of this city,
for the keel•pieces of four ships of the line and five frigates, in
addition to those contracted to be finished by them in August
last. They wil; be brought down the canal early next spring.
A correspondence had taken place between one of the
departments of the government and the proprietors of
the New York Times, relative to the revival of theslave
trade between New York and the coast of Africa. The
correspondence is curious, and we subjoin it :

United States District Attorney's Office,
New York, Nov. 17th, 1535.
TO THE EDITORS OF THE JOURNAL OF uONINIERCE.
Gentlemen,—l enclose for publication the following state-
ment. On the 24th of June last I received from the Secretary
of State a letter of which the subjoined is a copy :
" Department of State, June 23, 1835.
Sir,—The President's attention has been called to a para-
graph in the New York Times of the 19th instant, containing a
quotation from the New York Journal of Commerce, stating
that slave ships have, withi❑ the past year, been fitted out at
the port of New York,' and adding, this we can prove to the
satisfaction of the President.' lam instructed by the Presi-
dent to request. that you will call upon the publishers of the last
mentioned newspaper for the proof which they have proffered,
and that as soon as you shall have obtained the requisite evi-
dence you will institute proceedings for the punishment of the
offenders. I am, sir, your obedient servant,
" JOHN FORSYTH.
" WM. M. Price, Esq., U.S. Att'y, New York."

" New York, June 25, 1835.
" Wm: M. Price, Esq.—Dear sir,—Your note of this morning
shall receive early attention. Your obedient servants, .
" HALE AND HALLOCK."

" New York, July 6, 1835•

" Sir,—When in our paper of the 18th instant we said we
could prove to the satisfaction of the President or the Secre-
tary of War that slave vessels had been recently fitted out at
this port, we did not mean either to affirm or deny that Ve
could prove it to the satisfaction of a court of justice. Of the
fact, however, there is not in our opinion, a :shadow of doubt-
The following vessels, among others, we beiieve, have been
so fitted out.

LHere are mentioned the names of four vessels, one of therm
the Evening Edition.]
o some of the gentlemen who can give information in regard
to one or other of these vessels are:—

[Here are mentioned the names of four individuals.]
" From these gentlemen can be obtained the names of addi-
tional witnesses if desired. Mr. , together with several
other gentlemen whom he can name, was on board one of -the
vessels a short time previous to her sailing. Captain -----,
who has been a long time on the coast of Africa, has favoured
us with a long interview, and we doubt not will communicate
freely what he knows. Mr. G. communicated a number of facts
voluntarily at this office. Mr. B has a case in his hand
of a seaman who was shipped on board of the Evening Edition,
and carried to the coast of Africa. Further particulars be will
doubtless communicate to you, as he has to us. _ .

Thus, sir, we have furnished, we trust, a sufficient clue to thd
investigation of this disgraceful business, and if yen see proper
to ferret it out, will further aid you, in any way in our power.
At the sanie time we wish this communication to be considered
confidential between you and ourselves. It is made in conse-
quence of your note, which it appears was prompted by the Pre-
sident of the United States. It does appear to its that if slave
vessels are fitted out in this port, as we have no doubt a number
have been, within the last twelve months, the honor of the city
and nation requires that the practice should be discontinued.
We have not the slightest desire to injure the lawful business,
or the reputation, of the captains or owners of either of the
above vessels, but solely to put a stop to an evil acknowledged
to be such by almost the whole civilized world.

" We have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully,
" Your obedient servants,
" HALE and H LLOCK."
" Win. M. Price, Esq., U.S. District Attorney."

In these papers we also observe, that a serious quarrel
has broken out in New York between the expatriated
Irish and the native Americans. It is as beautiful a
quarrel as any fire-eater need desire. We are delighted
with this feud amongst the transported ! We need not
say that O'CONNELL is the cause of it, for we have al-
ready borrowed some articles on the subject. In our
next we shall supply the latest effusion in the New York
Courier. It is too long for to-day.

It is evident enough that DANIEL is now hunting his
last hare, with his last beagle, with desperate fury to-
wards a precipice, over which he at least, if not his prey,
is sure to plunge, there to break his neck and LlE—the
last the most unktriunate of his innumerable exploits in
that way.
But we must be short with him on the present occa-
sion. lie has written another letter—one addressed to
the Whigs and reformers of Ireland, whom he styles "my
lords and gentlemen !" Nuw this is the first time we
ever heard that there are " whigs and reformers" in Ire-
land, except amongst the protestants, and these neither
'numerous or important, and who hate and execrate DA-
NIEL as cordially as does every honest man in either
England or Ireland.
The two or three millions of popish serfs whom O'CoN-
NELL has been accustomed to appeal to, cannot be called
