OLD BAILEY SESSIONS, WunsEspAy, SEPT. 11.

Be.njanan Bettjarain, of the Jewish. persuasion, was found guilty
in the course of the session for receiving, well knowing them to
have been stolen, goods (to a large amount in value), consisting
of an immense quantity of lutestring, silk, and sarcenet, which
had been stolen from warehouses 'in the city. It was stated
that the prisoner was a wealthy man. This day he was sen-
tenced to be transported fur fourteen years.
MI the trials having been gone through the learned judges'
retired. _ . .

The Recorder then discharged the Petit Juries, with the
thanks of the Court for their long and arduous labours.
The next session was, by proclamation, fixed for Thursday,
the lith October next.
The business of the session being closed, the Recorder passed
sentence of death on the following persons, namely:—Henry
Perry, for robbery on the person ; William Field, for maliciously:
stabbing; Daniel Clarke, for house-breaking and larceny; Ed-
mund Pecker, fur the same offence; Charles Reynolds, for ma.
liciously shooting with intent to murder; James Haris, for rob-
bery on the person ; Robert Wright, for the same offence; John
Reynolds, tor the same offence ; John Williams, for house-
breaking; John Willis. otherwise Hutton, for the same offence;`
Thomas Jonson, for the same offence; Lewis King, for em-
bezzling a letter containing Bank-notes, while in the service of
the Postotfice ; Joseph Stedwell, for robbery on the nerson ;
William Tilbury, for house-breaking and larceny; 'George
Treagell, for maliciously stabbing ; George Russell, for burglary.
On Thomas Ready being brought up. for judgment, he having
been convicted of manslaughter in having taken part in a prize
fight in which a man was killed, the Recorder said that the
court had taken the case into the fullest consideration, in so far
as the prisoner's conduct was concerned in assisting at the il-
legal transaction which terminated in death. They had come
to the conclusion that the prisoner's conduct was not marked
with circumstances of aggravation like many others who assisted
on the occasion. On the contrary, they were willing to hope
that he had shown humane feelings, and that he had tried,
though unable, to control the misconduct of others. They trust-
ed that this would be a solemn warning to him to abstain from
joining in transactions of this nature, of which the consequences
were so often fatal. With this hope the court had decided to
sentence him to be imprisoned two months, and to be then dis-
charged.
The other prisoners were sentenced to various terms of im-
prisonm ent in the House of Correction.

LONDON POLICE REPORT.

MARLBOROUGH-STREET.

THE POOR Laws.—The parish officers of St. Giles's brought
a number of Irish paupers (principally young women, either
pregnant or witifamilies, who had been left by their husbands
behind for the inirpose of gettino.,, them passed to Ireland at ihs,
expense of this country) before Air. Chambers, in order to have
them sworn to the truth of their examinations, preparatory to'
passing them back to Ireland. One of the Irish paupers was a
strong, young, labouring man, and when Mr. Chambers disco-
vered-that the parish officers were about to pass him with the
others, he inquired why they attempted to pat the country to
such a considerable expense, when the Man was perfectly able
to walk back.

The overseer replied, that the man had only been in the parish
for a very short time, and it had been thought the most advis-
able course to get rid of him in this way, in order to avoid a
permanent burden, especially as the parish had passed his wife
back a few days since. _

Mr. ChambCrs—But why not give such a fellow a trifle in
money and some food, and let him find his way back ? The
rates, which are paid mostly by the shopkeepers of the metro-
polis, ought not to be applied to the use of such a man as that.
Mr. Chambers then questioned the man, and elicited that he
had come over for harvesting, and the money which ha had
earned he had given to his wife to take with her to Ireland. '
Mr. Chainbers—Why don't you walk after your wife?
Applicant—No, the parish must pass me. My wife has got
plenty to help her on. I gave her ,E,l, and when she gets balk
to Ireland she's got a good home to go to.
Mr. Chambers—How old are you ?
Applicant—Not five and twenty.
Mr. Chambers—l shan't think of passing such a man as you.
The poor laws were not made for the use of the young and able-
bodied. _ _

Applicant—l won't go back. The parish must give me a
pass, or I'll stop in it and make them keep me.
This last observation was made with so much insolence that
the Magistrate ordered the fellow to be put out of the office ;
and finding that when outside he continued to conduct himself
with violence, the Magistrate directed he should be locked up
•
until the office closed at three o'clock. .
_ _

Another applicant, from the same parish, was James Carr,
an elderly man, who from his appearance, had evidently moved
at one time in a respectable class of society. He made the fol-
lowing statement to Mr. Chambers :—He was a native of York-
shire, but many years ago had gone over to Russia, and, from
his knowledge in horses, had been engaged to purchase stock
for the Emperor Alexander, and for some of the principal Rus-
sian Nobility. He amassed considerable property, but a seven-
years' law-suit in Russia, and a loss of £1,500, had exhausted
his means, and he had gradually become reduced in circum-
stances. About eleven months back he came over to England
to collect some money which was owing to him, but he had been
disappointed in obtaining it, and being without a farthing in
money and all his means gone, be had applied to the parish for
a trifle to assist him until he could find au opportunity of re-
turning
.to his family in Russia. The parish had answered his
application with a piece of bread, but refused to do any thing
else, consequently he was obliged to wander about the streets
all night, having no money to procure a lodging.
Mr. Chambers said he would take care that the parish gave
him sufficient relief until such time as an application could be
made on his behalf to the Russian Ambassador.

The Magistrate having spoken to the Overseer on the subject,
it was agreed that the applicant should be sheltered in the work-
house for the present.
Mr. Chambers then questioned the man more minutely upon
his statement, and finding that he had been in the service of
Count Nesselrode, from whom he had received a certificate,
speaking in high terms of his character and abilities, the Ma-
gistrate wrote a letter to Prince Lievep, making mention of the
particulars of the applicant's case, and despatched it by one of
tho ofKcoro.

Mr. Chambers gave the man a small sum for his present use
out of the poor-box.

EMIGRATION TO THE WEST INDIES.

(FRoat FELIX FARLEY'S BRISTOL JOURNAL.)

A gentleman of this city, who has just returned from
the West Indies, informs us that a strong desire is mani-
fested among the planters of St. Vincent, Grenada, and
several of the other islands, for a supply of able agricul-
tural labourers from this country, to assist in the cultiva-
tion of their estates, and to bring into use a vast quantity
of land at present unproductive. Now that slavery is
virtually abolished in the colonies, and the negroes con-
sequently freed from those restraints which were deemed
necessary for die welfare both of the proprietors and the
blacks, the colonists naturally entertain great anxiety for
the future ; and their object in seeking to obtain the
assistance of labourers from England is not merely that
the cultivation of their estates should proceed advan-
tageously,—it is coupled with a feeling of humanity highly
honourable to them; they conceive that the example of
industrious habits set them by the emigrants would sti-
mulate the blacks to exertion, and thus accelerate that
amelioration in their condition which it has been the
object of the Legislature to effect. We extract the follow-
ing particulars of tne plan and its prospective advantages
from the Morning Chronicle, to which paper they were
furnished by the gentleman above alluded to :

" It is probable that, ere long, proposals will be laid before
the public to encourage emigration to some of the West India
Islands. Very exaggerated views are entertained in this coun-
try relative to the difficulty and danger of agricultural labour in
tropical climates. There are several of the %Vest India islands
in which, with ordinary care and prudence, illness is very rare
among the white inhabitants—where the heat, on au average of
six working hours in the day, is but little greater than it is during
the month of July in England, and where there are immense
tracts of fertile land uncultivated.

" In the islands of St. Vincent and Grenada there arc many
estates which cannot continue the extent of sugar-cane land for-
merly in cultivation without additional labourers, and the pro-
prietors would be very glad to select such from among industri-
ous, sober, and respectable Englishmen.
"The sugar-cane cultivation, however, is not the only em-
ployment in which European labourers might be engaged %%it'd
advantage to themselves and the proprietors.
" There is, in the islands before-mentioned, a great extent of
fertile land, capable of producing the finest vegetables, arrow-
root, indigo, coffee, cocoa, &c., which might be brought into
productive cultivation. Indeed, there is probably no part of the
world where skilful and industrious persons might find more
profitable employment than in these islands, which produce
everything that can be found in a tropical climate, and where
many of the productions of a temperate one could, by care and
cultivation? be much improved. By encouraging the growth of
various articles of consumption which, from want of skill and
labour, are tio-se fiiecessaril froeurarfoin ifirOiia at high prices; •
these colonies would be rendered more independent of foreign
support.
It is considered that, in addition to the advantages both to
the proprietors of estates and the English labourers by this plan
of emigration, the islands would be -benefited by having their,
local militia strengthened, and a greater security affinded them
against local recolt or foreign enemy.
" The example of the industrious habits of the emigrants
would infuse a new spirit and feeling throughout the labouring
class of negroes; agricultural labour would be no longer con-
sidered (as it now is in the West Indies) a degrading employ-
ment; the system of working for wages would be more gene-
rally understood; the external observance of those ties which
ought to govern moral and social life would be rendered more •
probable; and such a change would be effected in the habits
and dispositions of the negroes, as would qualify them to derive
the full advantage designed for them by emancipation.
"The obstacle- which has hitherto proved most formidable
to the employmeut of European labourers in the West Indies
is intemperance. From this cause far more fatal consequences
are to be apprehended than from the climate; and the indi-
viduals who intend making proposals to the English peasantry
to emigrate, will require that all they employ shall be bound by
a heavy penalty not to taste ardent spirits.
" Th-e wages which estates would pay to labourers of this de-
scription may be stated generally as at the rate of £8 sterling
per man, £6 per woman, and £4 per boy above ten years of
age, annuall3, with a house and provision grounds rent-free,
as well as a day per week, exclusive of Sunday, for cultivating.
their grounds. Phis would enable them to raise sufficient food
for their support, and somewhat to sell besides. A labouring
family, consisting of father, mother, and three children (two
above ten years of age) might earn as wages, £2'2 sterling per
annum, have their house and provision grounds rent-free, live
on the produce of the latter, and sell the surplus provisions,
which, if they were industrious, would yield them about £2O
sterling, in addition.
• "A plan of this nature, it is presumed, will be countenanced
by the Anti-slavery Society in this country, by all who are -so-
licitous for the improvement of the negroes, and by those who
are favourable to the emigration of the English peasantry.
"A part of the proposals will be, that all labourers who go
out at their own cost, and work for six months on one estate,
shall be sent home free of expense if they do not wish to conti-
nue in the West Indies."

Lord Palmerston is said to have been placed in an awkward
predicament for want of a coat! The right lion. secretary was
on a visit at Lady Cowper's, when the rather unexpected arrival
of the young Queen of Portugal compelled his Lordship to
proceed to Windsor. By some mishap. his Lordship's Windsor
uniform coat was left behind; and etiquette required that he
should appear in the royal presence in this particular costume.
How his Lordship managed at dinner we do not pretend to
know ; but we are told his Lordship appeared at court in what
is vulgarly called " a Monmoath-streetfit

COBBETI"S LETTER 7,T) THE PEOPLE OF
PRESTOY

The following, extract is taken from the Register of
Saturday last:—
" You will observe thatby Wood's being provided, Mr. Stan-
ley has come in for Preston very quietly. You will further
observe, that John Wood, before his promotion to this post,
went to Manchester and beat up for Poulett Thomson; went
thither and made speeches fur him, and wanted to come and
make speeches on the hustings on the day of nomination; so
that here he was, at Preston and at Manchester, working. for
the brother of one cabinet minister and for a cabinet minister
himself, in order to provide them with seats in Parliament. His
reward is, a fat and lazy post, of sixteen hundred pounds a-
year, which ought not to cost the public three hundred pounds
a-year ; and the business of that post is, to squeeze from your
blood and bones those taxes, against which he inveighed, in his
speeches to you, with ad the bitterness which belongs to him,
and with all the force which his puling talents admit of.
" What you are to do hereafter with regard to this man; whe-
ther you should let him remain to swallow his reward in quiet,
or make your complaints to the Parliament, on account of the
monstrous transaction, of laying eight hundred pounds a-year
upon the public, iu order to provide a post for this your late re-
presentative, is a matter that we will talk about another time ;
but, as you have been, though innocently, the cause of this
piece of oppression on the people, it will, think, become you
to lead the way in an endeavour to obtain redress. The fault
which you have to find is this : not that this Wood is a fat-taxer;
but that a load of eight hundred pounds a-year has been laid
upon the people, iu order to give him his fat posts; and that this
never would have been, had not a base faction of Preston de-
ceived a majority of the voters of that place, so as to induce them
to give, him a seat in Parliament.
"Now, let us turn to his auxiliaries at that election, of whom
roaring Rushton was the leader. I was sure that this man was
in pursuit of public money at that time. In a year or two af-
terwards I heard of his being in preparation to "go to the bar."
"Go to the bar," said I; " what should he do there ? Roaring
will do nothing at the bar! Oh no, it is not the bar that he is
going to: he is going to the CRIB." I should be a pretty cox-
comb if I were to pretend to be a lawyer; but, I should be the
greatest hypocrite that ever lived, if 1 pretended not to know a
thousand times as much law as roarint, Rushton. Well, there
he is at CRIB, already. He cannot have been called to the
bar above a year or so. He did not enter, I believe, 'till about
six years ago: he has not, therefore, been at the bar above a
year at the most. At no assize at Westminster Hall, at no
quarter-sessions, at no police-office: at no petty-sessions, even
have we heard of the roa,rin,„_.. of Rushton; but, it seems., that
we are to hear of him in the House of Commons : not to hear
him roar there, God forbid! but, to hear of him as one of the
sages of the law, who have been appointed by royal commission,
to frame a code for the reforming of old corporatiohs and for
the establishing of new ones. Gracious God! Why, the per-
sons to perform this task ought to have been profound lawyers;
lawyers thoroughly skilled in all the ancient laws and customs
of the kingdom ; in tenures of every description ; in the rights
still retained of all the guilds and fraternities and chartered
establishments. Two men, at least, of this deScription, associs
ated with magistrates well known for their impartiality, and
deeply interested in the well-being of the kingdom; such a
commission, having the most learned of the judges occasionally
to advise with, is what ought to have been, and without any re-
gard whatsoever, to any of the distinctions of party-politics.
Instead of this, we have a set of whom Rushton forms a part :
this roarin,g, bellowing, electioneering wrangler ; and this, too,
upon the bare pretence that he is a barrister. Were he
really profound; were he every thing else that we could ask,
his want of experience would be more than a sufficient objec-
tion. He has been a mathematical instrument vender, and a
book-selling newspapering man, all his/life-time; and is this a
man to settle some of the most intricate, and, at the same time,
most weighty concerns of this kingdom ? He has absolutely
nothing but the piece of black stud that covers his body, and
the buzzely bunch of white hair that covers his head; but, he
roared for John Wood at Preston, and John Wood gave way
to young Stanley, and pleaded fur I'oulett Thomson at Man-
chester ! _ _ _ .

" However, the House of Commons, though far from having
Pleased the people in all respects, will have the puwer to regu-
late the supplying of the crib, and, of course, regulate how
much roaring Rushton shall eat out of that crib. This is a main
concern with roaring Rushton, who, if he think that this commis-
sion is to last for ever, most grossly deceives himself. We will
have his name down, and the sum put against it. A correspondent
asks me, "Ought not the Whigs to send out another hungry
batch of commissioners to inquire whether the sun continued to
rise in the morning as he used to do ?" This game of commis-
sions is up. Carrying on a government by commissions is
what we shall not stand. Rushton thinks that he will have a
retired alloranee, at the least; and he deceives himself. The
ministers had not the courage to propose to give money to
the fellows that they call the poor-law commissioners, though
they have piled together writings' that would load a jack-ass.
They made a charge for the charity commissioners ; but did not
give the names, lest, I suppose, we should see that of the father
of the member for Leeds; and they promised that that com-
mission should speedily be brought to a close. Roaring Rush-
ton will hardly make a charge against us for loss of practice : '
if he should, we will call upon him/for a return of the number
of briefs and the amount of the fees that he has held since he was
called to the bar : this would put roaring Rushton to his trumps,
I believe. As to John Wood he will plead loss of practice, to
a certainty ; but, if we put hint to the test of briefs and fees,
we shall pretty soon pull his head out of the crib."
