MONDAY

Their Royal Highnesses the Duchess of Kent, the Duchess
of Gloucester, and the Princess Sophia visited her Majesty,
on Saturday, at Buckingham Palace.

His Royal Highness Prince Albert, attended by Major-
General Sir Edward Bowater, equerry in waiting, and Cap-
tain Seymour, groom in waiting, attended Divine service,
yesterday morning, in the military chapel, near the Welling-
ton Barracks, in St. James's Park. Ells royal highness and
the gentlemen in waiting were in military uniform.

THE PUBLIC HEALTH

(From the Times)

Medical statistics appear to have occupied much attention
of late years. Few will question the great importance of the
subject whether viewed in relation to politics. physiology, or
practical medicine. It contributes, as Dr. Hawkins justly
observes, the key of several sciences, showing in a convincing,
simple, and summary manner, their gradual progress, their
actual condition, their relations to each other, the success
which has resulted from their observation, or the deficiencies
that remain to be supplied.
Statistical data, illustrative of the state of health and dis-
ease in any particular county, district, or locality, is of essen-
tial value in the study of the philosophy of medicine. It
points out to the physician the comparative merits of various
modes of practice, the history of disease in different ge ; and
latitudes, the increase and decrease in different maladies, and
the tendency of certain situations in life, temperament, at-
mospherical vicissitudes, &c., in multiplying the character of
those multifarious diseases to which flesh is heir.

Medical statistics is, comparatively speaking, a science of
modern date. It is a singular fact that the first writer on this
subject should have been unconnected with the medical pro-
fession. As far back as 1662, Captain John Gaunt, " citizen
of London," published a work on the comparative births and
deaths of different cities, years, seasons, and sexes, and com-
parative mortality of disease. Dr. Hawkins observes that
this writer "displays a singular genius for observation, in a

field where no footsteps could beiraced previous to his own."
Since that period Sussmilch, Odier, Heberden, Blanc, Rich-
man, Finlayson, Villerme, Tutelet, Casper, Orsini, Gordini,
Balbi, Marsnall, Hawkins, Far, &c., have contributed most
largely to the advancementof this branch of knowledge. The
first weekly bills of mortality extant appear to have com-
menced on the 29th of December, 1603, in the first year of
the reign of King James. An account of the number of
burials was, it is true, published as far back as the year 1594,
but this was only in consequence of the plague that pre-
vailed the year previously. In 1597 the publication of the
bills was discontinued, the plague having ceased. The first
bills of mortality related only to the number of deaths with-
out specifying the particular diseases, excepting the pesti-
lence that then raged. In 1611 the worshipful Company of
Parish Clerks was incorporated. whose especial province it
was to prepare the bills of mortality. These clerks were also
empowered to appoint in each parish two searchers, all of
whom were old women. Their duties are thus pointed out
by Gaunt :—" When any one dies, then either by tolling or
ringing of a bell, or by bespeaking a grave of the sexton, the
same is known to the searchers corresponding to the same
sexton. The searchers hereupon repair to the place where
the dead corpse lies, and by view of the same, and by other
inquiries, examine by what disease or casualty the corpse
died. Hereupon they make their report to the parish-clerk.
It is not, however, until of late years that the bills of mor-
tality have assumed a scientific or useful character. The
valuable documents annually issued from Somerset-house,
and prepared under the eye of the registrar-general of births,
deaths, and marriages, have thrown much light on patholo-
gical medicine. It is to the second annual report relating to
the mortality in the metropolis and provinces during the year
1838 that we are desirous of directing public attention. To
this report the registrar-general has appended a valuable
letter from Mr. Far, embracing a comprehensive view of the
tabular statement it contains. The author states, that during
1838, 342,529 deaths were registered, out of which 330,559
were traced to an assignable cause. The rate of mortality in
1838 was higher than in the latter half of the year preceding.
This circumstance Mr. Far attributes to the rigorous weather
which set early in January, which exercised a baneful influ-
ence over pulmonary affections and the diseases incident to
old age. It appears that in 1838 the number of deaths re-
corded was, males, 170,044 females, females, 167,485. In
the middle of the year the population was, males 7,668,245,
females 7,885,615, total 15,533,860. The usual rate of mor-
tality was consequently, males, 2-28, or 1 in 44, females,
2-12, or lin47 ; mean of the two sexes 2-20 per cent-1 in
45.

In the cases of 6465 males, and 5505 females, the causes of
death were not specified. It is clearly established that the
duration of life in men is less than in women. In 1838 the
mortality of the former was 7 per cent. higher than the latter.
This discrepancy is attributed to difference of organization,
dissimilarity of habits, and occupations involving different
degrees of exposure to the accidents, hardships, and dangers
of life. During the year 1838, 2811 women died in child-
birth, while 8359 men and only 3368 women died violent
deaths. _

Epidemic diseases appear to have proved very fatal. 34,321
males and 33,555 females died of small pox, measles, croup,
thrush, diarrhoea, dysentery, cholera, hooping-cough, and
influenza. Of diseases of the nervous system, 49,704 died
26,047, of convulsions ; 7,672 of water in the head ; and
2,178 of inflammation of the brain—three common diseases
of children.

Convulsions and water in the head are exceedingly fatal
affections in ill-ventilated dirty neighbourhoods, where the
inhabitants are poor, and the mothers are illfed. Nervous
diseases are 23 per cent. more fatal to males than females.
Of diseases of the organs of respiration, 90,823 died ;
11,690 males, and 9,488 females died iif inflammatory affec-
tions of the throat, larynx, air-tubes, lungs, and pleura. Con-
sumption is 8 pex cent, more fatal to women than
men. The
higher mortality of English women by consumption is as-
cribed to the in-door life which they lead, and partly to their
tight-lacing and clothes compressing and preventing the
healthy expansion of the chest and exercise of the lungs.
In this way they are deprived of free draughts of vital air,
and the altered blood deposits tuberculous matter, with a
fatal and unnatural facility. It is computed that 31,000
English women died in one year of pulmonary consumption !
In alluding to the prevalence of this opprobrium medicorum,
Mr. Far justly observes, " Will not this impressive fact in-
duce persons of rank and influence to set their country-
women right in the article of dress, and lead them to aban-
don a practice which disfigures the body, strangles the chest,
produces nervous and other disorders, and has an unques-
tionable tendency to implant an incurable hectic malady in
the frame ? Girls have no more need of artificial bones and
bandages than boys."

Diseases of the heart and large blood-vessels appear to
have been a common cause of death. Men are more liable
to these fatal maladies than women : out of the cases re-
gistered, 2032 occurred among the former, and only 1530
among the latter.

Diseases of the digestive organs were less fatal than in
1837.

Diseases of uncertain seat, affections which implicate a
variety of organs in which the distinction of parts is quite
subordinate to the distinction in the essential nature of the
morbid products include dropsy, which is but a symptom of
a disease, inflammation, hemorrhage, mortification, &c.
All cases on which a coroner's inquest is held is classified
under the term sudden death. In 1838, 3012 cases of this
character were registered ; 1840 males, and 1172 females.
Internal hemorrage is the most common cause of this cala-
mity. Out of 10,000 males 6-5 die suddenly, and 5-1 out of
10,000 females. Women have less chance of dying suddenly
than men, in the proportion of 10 to 18.
Intemperance is proved to be a prolific cause of disease
and death. Intoxicating liquors can never be taken for any
length of time without deteriorating the health. The con-
stant stimulus produces chronic affections of the brain,
spinal cord, stomach, and intensities, and by unnaturally in-
creasing the action of the heart and circulation of the blood,
lays the foundation for incurable cardiac diseases. Indul-
gence in spirits takes away the appetite, wastes the limited
means ;of the artisan, deprives his family of food, firing,
clothing, and clean ventilated lodgings—leads to dissolute-
ness of every kind, and must therefore be considered one of
the indirect but certain causes of epidemics, fevers, and
other diseases. 63 cases were ascribed to starvation, 24
infants died for want of maternal nourishment, 12 of inani-
tion, 2 from exposure to cold, and 15 from want of the com-
mon necessaries of life.

Violent deaths are divided into voluntary and involuntary.
They were very numerous in 1838. In the aggregate 11,727
persons died violent deaths, of whops 8,359 were males, and
3,368 females. The number of suicides registered amounted
to 1,058 (males 751, females 307). It is found that the ten-
teticy to suicide increases up to the age of 60. The rate of
increase is nearly 50 per cent. in every ten years.
As a general summary, it may be stated, that during the
year 1838,,36,799 persons died from ordinary, and 85,506
from specific, inflammation ; 19,122 from the terminations of
inflammatory affections ; 15,125 from heemorrage ; 2,821
from careinomatous disease ; 60,861 from tuberculous mala-
dies ; 2,256 from disordered secretions ; 2,512 from depraved
nutrition ; 47,773 from diseases of the nervous system ; 5,564
from old age; and 11,727 from violent deaths.

To be continued.)

OFFICIAL CONFIRMATION OF THE PACIFICA-

TION OF THE EAST,

The annexed letter has been received at the office of the
Oriental Steam Company from their agent in Alexandria,
and would seem to remove all doubt, if any yet existed, of
the submission of the Pasha of Egypt to the requisitions of
the allied powers :
" To the Managing Directors of the Peninsular and Oriental
Steam Navigation Company, London.
" Alexandria, Nov. 26, Noon.
" Gentlemen,—We have only one instant to inform you,
that the Eastern question is at length brought to an amicable
conclusion.

" The pasha has consented to evacuate Syria, and to give
up the Turkish fleet, which, however, Commodore Napier
allows him to retain until the treaty be ratified in London.
" The commodore is at this moment with his highness,
arranging, we believe, the port of embarkation of the troops
from Syria, which is the only point remaining to be settled.
In haste, we remain, gentlemen, your obedient servants,

" BRIGGS & Co."

FOREIGN AND COLONIAL MISCELLANY

A letter published in the Commerce, of Tuesday, from
Frankfort, confirms our announcement of some days since,

relative to the organisation of a military force by the Ger-
manic powers as a measure of precaution against the formi-
dable levies made in France.

ST. JEAN D'ACRE AND ALGIERS.—The weight of shot
thrown at a broadside by Sir Robert Stopford's squadron
amounted to 12,4341 b ; by Lord Exmouth's 10,0581 b ; being
a difference of 23761 b, or equal to the armament of two line
of battle ships. With the exception of the Talbot's three
quarter-deck guns, none of the shot fired at St. Jean d'Acre
were less than 32-pounders, whilst at Algiers more than two-
fifths were under that weight—a most essential consideration
in firing at stone walls.

A letter from Cherbourg states that since last Wednesday
evening cannon have becn fired there every quarter of an
hour.—The Phare de la Manche says, " Ever since Thurs-
day the Belle Poule has been crowded with people anxious to
view the coffin of Napoleon. It fills nearly the whole of the
chapelle ardente, but the splendid sarcophagus made at Paris
is not exposed, being still inclosed in the case of oak made to
preserve it from injury on being carried on board, and in its
subsequent removals. The whole of the coffins form a mass
weighing 4,4001b5. They remain covered with a pall of violet
velvet. At the head is placed an imperial crown with a crape
veil, and at the foot is suspended a gilt lamp. The whole of
the roof and sides of the chapel are hung with velvet sprinkled
with silver stars, and ornamented with silver cords, fringes,
and tassels. The chamber is lighted with six lanterns, one
at each corner of the coffin, and one on the two sides of the
altar, which is placed behind against the bulk-head of the
officer's berth. It is supported by two large gilt eagles. The
whole produces a rich and imposing effect.

DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE

It is admitted that the present season has, thus far, been
highly favourable to farming operations in the north. In all
directions the winter wheats present the most promising ap-
pearance.—Nezvcastle Journal.

CURIOUS TRANSMISSIONS THROUGH THE POST.--011
Friday, a quantity of game passed through the Bath post-
office ; and on Saturday morning, a halter was sent to ayoung
man in this city, ready for his convenience, if ever he should
want to hang himself .--Bat h Journal.

During the months of August, September, and October,
the quantity of coal shipped at Newport, Monmouthshire,
exceeded 50,000 tons per month. The shipping price is now
lOs 6d per ton ; but an alteration was to take place on the Ist
December, and it is expected to be lower.
There has been a run on Mr. O'Connell's National Bank
at Sligo last week, which, however, ceased after some days.
The effect had to bring down the market in that neighbour-
hood. The Sligo Champion asserts that the tory landlords
and agents refused the notes of the bank before the run be-
came general, and urged the people to hasten to the bank and
get gold.for their notes. This, it is said, they did from spite
to O'Connell.—Irish paper
BETTER THAN A DOZEN.—" Well, Pat, how many chil-
dren have you now.?" " Why, thin, it's better than a dozen
I've got, any how." " Better than a dozen ! Six months
since you'd only ten." " That's thrue—and I've only jist
one more now. But sure, yer hanor, isn't eleven better than
a dozen for a poor boy like rneesilf ?"
CLERICAL PATRIOTS.—AI the late Carlow election three
Protestant clergymen espoused the cause of Father Maher,
and voted for Mr. Ponsonby. They are the Rev. Messrs.
Spray, of Carlow ; Thomas (we believe), of Galway ; and
Durden, of Oldcastle, in the county of Meath. Having
spotted themselves for preferment, we wish them joy of their
new alliances, no less than their prospects of reward.—
Dublin Evening Mail.
THE SCOTT MONIIMENT.—We understand that Mr. Dick
has received £lOO from Liverpool, in aid of the auxiliary
subscription for the completion of the monument in Edin-
burgh to the memory of Sir Walter Scott. 'We shall hail
this as an earnest of the interest felt by our countrymen
generally in this national tribute; and we are happy to
learn that something about £l,OOO only is now wanted to
complete Kemp's original design.-- Caledodian Mercury.
MORTALITY AMONGST STOCK.—We regret to announce
a serious loss which Mr. J. Monkhouse, of Southfield, has
sustained. It appears from the report current that some of
his cattle were affected with the disease prevalent in the
neighbourhood, but none of them considered dangerously ill
until Monday last, when twelve being loosed from their
bands, reeled to and fro to all appearnce quite delirious, and
continued in great agony four hours, when death terminated
their sufferings. There has not been such a case known
since 1747, when the murrain was raging.—Carlisle Patriot.

CHELTENHAM.—We are proud to be enabled to record
that the inhabitants of this loyal borough have subscribed
during the past week between £5OO and £6OO towards liqui-
dating an old debt upon the General Hospital and Dispensary,
the whole of which was raised through the individual exer-
tions of the Rev. Francis Close, in commemoration of the
happy event of the birth of a " Princess Royal." The elec-
tors of Cheltenham should bear in mind that this noble col-
lection has been accomplished without one single shilling
from my Lord Segrave or his " Liberal" brother, the Hon.
Craven Berkely, M.P. ! ! !—Cheltenham Chronicle.
THE HUXLEY MURDER. —Thomas Brooks, in custody
on suspicion of being concerned in the murder of the keeper
Hensall some time since, was finally examined on the charge
at Tarporley, on Friday last, and had the benefit of the atten-
dance of Mr. Parry, solicitor, of this city, as his legal ad-
viser. A great variety of depositions were produced, as
having been sworn to by the witnesses in the case, and some
additional evidence was taken. After a lengthened examina-
tion, Brooks was committed to Chester Castle, charged with
wilful murder, in order to take his trial at the ensuing
assizes.—Chester Chronicle.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT—HOUSE OP LORDS, THURSDAY,
DEC. 10.—Parliament was this day further prorogued until
Tuesday, the 26th of January. At half-past two, the Lord
Chancellor, the Marquis of Normanby, and Viscount Dun-
cannon, took their seats on the woolsack ; and the Usher of
the Black Rod having been directed to summon the Com-
mons to the bar, Mr. Ley, the chief clerk, attended by seve-
ral of the officers and messengers of the House of Commons,
made his appearance. The commission having been read,
the Lord Chancellor declared the house prorogued, in the
usual form, till Tuesday, the 26th of January next, 6` to be
then here holden." There were a large number of ladies
and strangers present to witness the proceedings.

THE MIIRRAIN.—We are sorry again to announce that
this malady is still spreading its infectious influences more
widely in this district, and more particularly amongst the
milk cows. In the neighbourhood, and at Penrith, almost
.
all the dairy cows are affected ; consequence some of the
principal milkmen have been obliged to give up carrying the
milk to the town to sell, and it is thrown out and wasted.
The disease has also broke out amongst the swine, and it is
also reported, hut with what degree of authenticity we are
unable to assert, that the hares which feed on the fields where
sheep affected with the disorder may have fed, are also liable i
to the complaint, and have taken t.—Carlisle Patriot.
FOREIGN LOANS.—There seems every prospect of having
no fe‘ier than six foreign loans in the money market shortly.
Belgium has led the way, and France is about to follow.
The expenses of arming are two much for Austrian ways
and means, and, it is generally thought, she must have re-
course to borrowing. Russia, it is said, has stole a march
on France and Prussia ; -a loan to her government has actu-
ally been contracted by Hope and Co., of Amsterdam, in a
four per cent. stock at 90. Brazil is feeling the pulse of the
European capitalists ; and Texas has commissioners in Eng-
land to borrow for her improvement. The resources of the
money market, here and elsewhere, are likely to be severely
tried.—London Journal of Commerce.
A MA GISTRATE CONVICTED OF SWEARING.—At the Bre-
con Petty Sessions, held at the Guildhall on Saturday last,
William Williams, Esq. a magistrate of the county of Brecon,
appeared on an information laid against him for profane
swearing, while acting in his magisterial capacity on the 21st
of November last. Witnesses having been examined in sup-
port of the charge, the magistrates stated, that they were of
opinion the case was clearly proved against Capt. Williams ;
hut, as there was some difference of opinion as to whether
the oaths and curses were profane or not, they retired for a
short time, and -afterwards returned" into court and pro-
nounced the defendant guilty, and convicted him in the pe-
nalty of five shillings, the amount fixed by the act of parlia-
ment, and costs. The case excited intense interest, and the
court was crowded.—Shrewsbury Chronicle.
THE GIRAFFES.—The recent importation of two giraffes
into this country as a commercial speculation, for the pur-
pose of sale, is an event which could hardly have been cal-
culated upon by the zoologist. The two animals in question,
which are now reposing near the London Docks to recover
from the effects of their voyage, have been brought over
from the United States, into which they were imported from
Egypt, so that these stately natives of the desert, whose
successful removal from their native plains seemed visionary,
have thriven in three several quarters of the globe. The
three giraffes, which are now in perfect health at the mena-
gerie in the Regent's Park, were caught in the deserts of
Dengolah in 1834 and 1835, and have successfully rewarded
the exertions of the society, the female again showing signs
of soon obtaining a brood. An active member of the Zoolo-
gical Society is sanguine in the attempts which he is making
to import a hve hippopotamus into this country, which, if
successful, will be unprecedented in the annals of natural
history.

EXTRAORDINARY CASE OF PARENTAL SEVERITY.—Mr.
J. R. 'Malone, of Fitzwilliam-street, Dublin, was summoned
by an inspector of police, on Friday week, for having cruelly
treated his daughter, a young lady about 15 years of age. By
the evidence adduced, it appears, that the young lady was
confined in her bedroom for upwards of two months, during
which period no one was allowed to visit her, het father alone
bringing her the scanty meals afforded her. The poor girl
frequently complained to the servant, through the key-hole
of her door, of her not having a sufficiency of food. She
never had a fire, got no dinner, and only a meagre
breakfast.
The servant had frequently given her food, by tying it up in
a cloth, which she fastened to a string let down the front of
the house by Miss Malone from her bedroom, and which was
then drawn up again. People passing the streets were in the
habit of giving the young lady assistance, in consequence of
which she had been imprisoned, for the last month, in a back
room. In order to convey a drink to the wretched captive,
the servant used to fold a sheet of paper, tube-shape, and
thus give the water through the key-hole. The witness
stated, that the girl had not a change of linen for sixty days,
and was obliged to make her own bed, &c., &c. One of the
witnesses had often received notes from her, and had often
sent her money as well as sustenance. The inspector broke
open the door of the room, and brought the young lady to
the police-office, which Was crowded with people anxious to
see the interesting victim. Informations to the above effect
were sworn to.

The wealth, power, and reputation of the great banking
companies of Scotland are notorious, and yet the amount of
dividend paid to the proprietors has always been, wisely,
very moderate. The British Linen Company's dividend
rules at 8 per cent. That of the Commercial Bank of Scot-
land, and the Glasgow Union Bank, 7 per cent. The Bank
of Scotland, the National Bank, and the Western Bank, 6
per cent.—Newcastle Journal.
A knot of whigs and radicals are busily engaged in getting
up a subscription to erect a monument to the memory of the
late Lord Holland, of whom, it is broadly asserted that he
never was in a place of worship in his life, and that in the
councils of his sovereign he was the sole abettor of the hostile
policy of M. Thiers. Amongst the promoters of the scheme
are the Bishop of Durham and Earl Grey.

COMMITMENT.—Yesterday, at the police-court, a young
woman, named Ellen Willan, was charged with stealing from
a shop. Mr. Peter Marsh, linen-draper, Scotland-place,
said that on Saturday the prisoner came to the shop to pay
4s 6d towards an article she had purchased the day before.
Some stockings were lying on the counter at the time, and
he saw her take up two pairs of them, and put them under
her cloak. He took them from her, and sent for a police-
officer who apprehended her. They were worth 3s 4d. The
prisoner said she was so drunk at the time that she did not
know what she was about. She was committed for trial at
the sessions.

GYMNASTICS.—In drawing attention to Mr. Huguenin's
establishment, we cannot do better than mention, for the in-
formation of those who are sedentary in their habits and re-
quire exertion, that the practice of the gymnasium is highly
productive of health, and tends to long life. There is no
question that exercise tends very materially to the develnpe-
ment of the mind. Mr. Huguenin, in his work upon "Phy-
sical Education," justly comments upon this. During the ap-
proaching holidays, parents and friends cannot do better than
place their children under Mr. Huguenin's care.

EXTRAORDINARY VERDICT.—An inquest was-held in the
Queen's Bench Prison, last week, on the body of Mr. C. M.

Ullethorne, a solicitor, late of Red Lion-square. It ap-
peared that the deceased had a chronic complaint, which was
greatly aggravated by his imprisonment, and the severity of
his creditors, who refused to come to terms. It was stated
by the surgeon of the prison " that going through the
Insolvent Court causes great excitement with many ; they
call it the schedule fever." The jury returned the following
curious verdict :—" That the deceased died a natural death,
accelerated by a great and mental anxiety, produced by in-
carceration in the Queen's Bench Prison for debt ; and that
the noisy and fanatical singing of Boatswain Smith, a pri-
soner on the same staircase with deceased, embittered his
last moments ; and the jury cannot separate without ex-
preing their deep regret at the unchristian and hypocritical
conduct of the said Boatswain Smith."
DESERTION EXTRAORDINARY!—On Monday last a po-
liceman belonging to the K division of police, finding the
door of one of the large houses in Tredegar-square, Mile-
end, open, he knocked several times, and not receiving any
answer, he entered, and found that though it was furnished

in a costly style, with every appearance of domestic comfort,

there was not a soul to be fOinicl in it, and that it had been
completely deserted. Information of the circumstance was
forwarded to the Bow station house, and, by the direction of
Mr. Young, the superintendent of the K division of police,
it has been since safely guarded by his constables, who re-
lieve one another. There are various reports in the neigh-
bourhood as to the cause of the occupier deserting it in so
hurried a manner, that even a massive writing-desk, with
sundry papers and private memorandums, together with
some wine, in decanters and glasses, were left upon the par-
lour-table, and even the wearing-apparel does not appear to
have been disturbed. The rumour which appears to gain
most credence is, that the owner has been concerned with the
parties who have been recently examined at the Mansion-
house on a charge of having defrauded various insurance
companies by sinking a vessel, and that, fearful of the con-
sequences, he, with his family, made his escape from the
neighbourhood without moving a single article of property
from the house. Mr. Hammock, of Mile-end, who is agent
to the landlord of the house, states that no rent would be due
until after Christmas.—Morning Herald.
STATISTICS NORTH KNOWING.—III Great Britain the
number of individuals in a state to bear arms, from the age
of 16 to 60, is 2,744,847. The number of marriages is about
98,030 yearly ; and it has been reckoned that, in 63 of these
unions, there were only 3 which had no issue. The number
of deaths is about 332,700 yearly, which makes nearly 25,592
monthly, 6,398 weekly, .914 daily, and 40 hourly. The
deaths among the women are, in proportion to the men, as
50 to 54. The married women live longerthan those who
continue in celibacy. In the country the mean term of the
number of children produced by each marriage is 4; in towns
the proportion is 7 for every 2 marriages. The number of
married women is, to the general number of individuals of
the sex, as 1 to 3 ; and the number of married men to that of,
all the individuals of the male sex, as 3to 5. The number off
widows is, to that of widowers, as 3 to 1 ; but the number of
widows who marry again is, tq, that of widowers in the same
case, as 7to 4. The individuals who inhabit elevated situa-
tions live longer than those who reside in less elevated places.
The half of the individuals die before attaining the age of 17
years. The number of twins is, to that of ordinary births, as
Ito 95. According to calculations, founded upon the bills
of mortality, 1 individual only in 3,126 attains the age of 100
years. The number of births of the male sex is, to that of
the femaltk sex, as 96 to 95.—Edinburgh Philosophiea
Journal. 1

EDUCATION.--We have transferred to our columns, from
a provincial paper, a correspondence between Sir Thomas
Phillips, of Newport, and the Committee of Council on Edu-
cation, which deserves to attract attention. After the late
disturbances in South Wales, an inquiry was instituted into
the religious and moral condition of that misguided popula-
tion. The results of that inquiry exhibited in the strongest
light the spiritual and mental destitution of the classes which
had so readily listened to the bad teaching of Chartist mission-
aries, and followed the bad training of Frost and his asso-
Fate.. What means had the ironmasters and coalowners of

the district taken to prevent i1;;;;;;;;;;IiiZitigthe
moral character ~f the numerous workmen on their estates?
Sir T. Phillips answers that throughout the colliery district
of Monmouthshire " there is not, as far as he knows, a single
school capable of exercising a salutary influence over the
youthful members of a population of many thousand per-
sons." Even since the late occurrences the landoweners
seem to have exhibited the utmost supineness, and to have
neglected not only the duties of their st•ition and their proper
interest in the welfare of the classes whom they employ, but
even the natural precautions which they might have learned
to take against the violence of that excessive and brutal ig-
norance.—Tunes.

PUBLIC BAPTISM, BY IMMERSION, OF A YOUNG LADY
IN A PROTESTANT CHURCH.—A numerous assemblage of
the parishioners was attracted to St. Mary's Church, Read-
ing, a few days since, to witness the novel and (in that town)
unprecedented ceremony of a young lady, the daughter of very
respectable parents of the Baptist denomination, being re-
ceived within the pale of the Church of England by public
immersion. The ceremony, which was most impressively
performed by the Rev. C. J. Goodhart, the vicar, was wit-
nessed by the numbers who were present with profound at-
tention. The whole of the service for " the ministration of
baptism to such as are of riper years, and able to answer for
themselves," was read by the rev. gentleman who officiated.
The immersion took place in the coley chantrey of the church,
where a large vessel was placed filled with water partially
warmed. The ceremony, which took place at three o'clock
in the afternoon, occupied nearly an hour. It may be ob-
served that when adults are thus admitted within the pale of
the established church, total immersion is not absolutely ne-
cessary, the rubric running thus :—" Then shall the priest
take each person to be baptised by the right hand, and plac-
ing him conveniently by the font, according to his discretion,
shall ask the godfathers and godmothers the name ; and then
dip him in the water, or pour water upon him," &c. The
immersion in this case was at the especial desire of the young
lady in question.

THE CAPABILITY OF RAILWAYS.—The railway has in
its nature, such obvious advantages over every other mode of
conveyance, in its rapidity, smoothness, ease, and comfort,
and in the extent of its accommodation, as to promise that
in a short period it must supersede all other vehicles. From
its capability of moving the most extraordinary burthens, it
might convert its carriages into splendid saloons, fitted up
with every luxury of opulent and princely life—it might be a
moving mansion rather than a rapid coach—it might be any-
thing that the increasing taste of the times could demand—it
might be a succession of rich and various apartments, with
rooms for refreshment, reading, retirement. If this is to be
called fanciful, it is only what has been done already in the
steam-boat. It would not be a greater change than has been
made in the ordinary American passage, handsome as the
packets were. Since the Great Western and Great Liver-
pool have began to traverse the Atlantic, we have on those
vessels, not ships but floating palaces—no narrow and simple
nests of beds for forty or fifty cramped and uncomfortable
passengers, but flying households of two or three hundred
people, surrounded with every enjoyment of life, and rushing
through the ocean with the speed of eagles.—The Britannia.

ACCIDENT IN THE " MEDEA" STEAM FRIGATE.—Her
Majesty's ship Medea, Alexandria, Nov, 25th.—On the
morning of the 20th of November, according to the custom
of the squadron. at nine went to general quarters. Soon
after, the first-lieutenant. Mr. Harvey, the gunner's mate,
Mr. Austen, the gunner, Mr. Couzens, bombardier, Mr.
Buchannan, went into the steerage passage, and opened the
shell-room for the purpose of examining six shells, and to
observe that the cap of the fuse was not corroded in the
screw. They had examined five, and were about the sixth
and last, when, upon slightly moving the screw, the fuse in
the most unaccountable manner ignited and blew the cap off,
the fuse being one to burn for ten seconds. Mr. Harvey
immediately threw himself down in the captain's cabin, and
thereby escaped the explosion. Austen tried to get up the
ladder ; but, before he had time, the shell burst, and blew
him up through the hatch, which was shut. The gunner
went down into the shell-room; but the deck burst in and
squeezed him very much ;
.and the bombardier, it is sup-
posed, never moved, for he was found quite dead close to
where they were standing. The captain was wounded on
deck, and the surgeon-master, who was in the gun-room,
and a servant. Those were all that were hurt. All the
bulk-heads were blown down, and every thing in the way of
fittings and furniture in the cabins were destroyed by the
explosion ; one beam broke, and some planks blown out of
the deck, and all the after part of the ship very much
shaken. The fire was soon extinguished ; the shell-room
and magazines drowned. Several shell-boxes burst, but no
other shells fortunately ignited; and it is almost a wonder
that the magazine was not blown up ; William Martin, the
captain's steward, and also Alexander Murray, were in at-
tendance ; the latter was severely wonnded.

MR. BRINDLEY AND THE SOCIALISTS.—The bold and ac-
tive exterminator of the vile sophistries of Socialism, Mr.
Brindley, has been engaged for the last three evenings in a
public discussion at the Macclesfield Sunday School. The
local advocates of the system having proved incapable of
contending with him, it was resolved to summon one of their
leading champions, a Mr. Lloyd Jones, we believe from
Glasgow, to enter the lists with Mr. 'Lindley. The con-
troversy was carried on for the two first evenings without
interruption, but last night, driven to desperation, by the ex-
posure of the wickedness, deception, and fraud inherent in
the system, Mr. Jones, in reply to a point urged by Mr.
Brindley that no accounts had been published of the large
sums of money that had been received from the infatuated
dupes who had joined the "community," asserted that such
accounts had been published quarterly in their newspaper.
Mr. Jones was challenged to produce proofs of this, but he
declined doing so, under the pretext that he bad not the pa-
pers with him, but pledged himself to produce them hereafter
to the chairman. Mr. Brindley, however, quickly produced
a set of the newspapers said to contain these quarterly state-
ments, and handed them over to Mr. Jones, who was then
called upon by the audience to go to the proof of his assertion.
He manifested no desire to comply with this requirement,
and the audience for a long time indignantly opposed his
proceeding further with his oration till he had answered the
charge of wilful falsehood with which he stood arraigned.
This he failed to do, and was allowed at last to wind up his
speech amidst the hearty contempt and indignation of the
great bulk of the meeting. The large room was crowded to
excess ; and a considerable number of chartists were present,
collected, it is said, from many of the neighbouring towns, to
swell tne number that still exist in Macclesfield. At the
close of the proceedings, which terminated at eleven o'clock,
a vote of thanks was passed to the Rev. Mr. Burnet, who
had undertaken the laborious task of presiding as moderator.
The rev. gentleman observed, that not a single argument had
been adduced during the discussion that could in the slightest
degree weaken the truth of Divine revellation.—During the
early part of the week Mr. Brindley lectured at Congleton ;
and, as the chartists did not appear to hold a discussion, a
deputation, consisting of Mr. Brindley and several of his
friends, proceeded to the rendezvous of the chartists, and
challenged them to a discussion. But for the force of argu-
ment they substituted the argument of force, and assailed
the deputation with some violence.—Macelesfield Courier.

Etinrpoot &tanbarb.

TUESDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 15, 1840

By an extraordinary express from Toulon, the whole
of the correspondence between Commodore Napier
and Boghos Bey, relative to the submission of Mehe-
met Ali, has been received. Commodore Napier's
first letter, which is published at length in the Morning
Herald of yesterday, conveys a request that Mehemet
Ali would send back all the Emirs and Shiebks of
Lebanon, who were sent to Alexandria in the month of
July, by order of the authorities of Syria, and that he
would give up immediately, and without any conditions,
the Ottoman fleet, and withdraw his troops from Syria.
Commodore Napier enforces these demands by an
appeal to what has been done in Syria, where 6,000
Turks and a handful of marines have taken Saida and
Beyrout, defeated the Egyptian army in three different
actions, taken 10,000 prisoners and deserters, caused
all the seaports to be evacuated, taken all the passes of
the Taurus, and the mountains of Lebanon, and
reduced Acre, after a bombardment of only three hours.
He then alludes to the discontent which prevailed in
the Egyptian army, and advises his highness to reflect
that " Alexandria might be taken as Acre was taken."
Boghos Bey, in his reply, assures the Commodore that
Mehemet Ali had already anticipated the wishes of the
Allies with regard to the liberty of the Druse Chief-
tains, and expresses the gratitude of the Pacha for the
proposition regarding the hereditary government of
Egypt. Boghos Bey then states that it had never been
the intention of Mehemet Ali to retain the fleet of the
Sultan. The whole communication of Boghos Bey is
of a deprecatory character. Commodore Napier, in
his reply, enforces the necessity for the immediate
evacuation' of Syria, and the unconditional surrender
of the Ottoman fleet, and, at the same time, states
that he would not insist upon the departure of the
fleet for Constantinople until the Pacha be guaranteed
in the hereditary government of Egypt. On these
conditions Commodore Napier consents to suspend
hostilities. In a second letter Boghos Bey expresses
his satisfaction at the assurances given respecting the
hereditary government of Egypt, and promises the
immediate restitution of the fleet, on receiving the
official notification of the allied powers. He then
states that the Viceroy was ready to order his son,
Ibrahim Pacha, to concentrate his troops in Syria, in
order to their falling back upon Egypt. To the latter
proposition Commodore Napier replies, that the troops
were already concentrated, and offers to place at
the disposal of Mehemet Ali a steam-boat to conduct
to Beyrout the officer who might be appointed to carry
the despatch to Ibrahim Pacha. The correspondence
closes with the formal acceptance of this offer on the
part of the Pacha, and with an expression of gratitude
for the Commodore's " care and delicacy in the solu-
tion of the thorny difference" which has given rise to
the recent operations in the east.

'We dare say that some of our readers may have
heard of the existence, in a neighbouring town, of an
individual who, by the grace of her Majesty's ministers,
has been enabled to rejoice of late, in the name and
title of Sir Thomas Potter, Knight,—the latter, which
distinguishes him from other Potters, having been con-
ferred upon him at the same period, which enabled
our own Sir Joshua to take precedence of his fellow
reformers in Liverpool. In both cases, we believe,
the title has been fairly earned. Sir Joshua has him-
self done "good service to the state;" as his various
contributions of money and counsel to our Protector
and Reform Associations, sufficiently evidence. In
this respect, however, he has not come up to the ex-
ample of his compatriot—the knight of Manchester;
who may be said to have made himself a kind of
Eleemosynary pump, at whose spout needy radicals of
every grade, from John Thorogood—the church-rate
martyr, to Daniel O'Connell—the great agitator, have
drunk and been filled.

To this same Sir Thomas Potter, Knight—on the
occasion of his retiring from the office of pseudo
mayor of Manchester,—the whig faction of that whig-
ridden town gave, on Thursday last, what we believe
they dignify by the name of a dinner, but what might
be termed, with greater propriety, a three and sixpenny
scramble for cold meat. The said three and sixpenny
scramble attended by some six hundred whig
patriots,—a sorry number for an occasion of such
momentous interest; and amongst the rest by the
members for the borough, Mr. Mark Philips, and Mr.
Greg; by Mr. Gisborne, M. P. for North Derbyshire,
and by Mr. Milner Gibson, M. P. for no place just
now; but an aspirant hereafter to represent the
borough of Manchester.

We are not going to chronicle the doings at this

wretched of weary our readers with the vapid
impertinences of Mr. Mark Philips, or the insufferable
boobyism of Mr. Milner Gibson, who assured his symt
pathizing audience that he " gloried in the appellation
ry a Rat !" Our object at present is merely to lay before
our readers the candid admission of Mr. Gisborne—
and to his hearers at this feed evidently an unpalatable
one—that modern liberalism in the House of Commons,
and throughout the country, is at its last gasp! "Our
friends," said Mr. Gisborne, "have one after another
dropped off into the ranks of those who were formerly
our masters, and who before long will be so again.
(Confusion and cries of ' No, no.') Ay but they will
though ! I am not here to flatter you with prospects
which will not be realized. This is the truth; and
although disagreeable for you to hear it, it is not less
disagreeable for me to utter it."

We dare say it was disagreeable for Mr. Gisborne
to utter it, and for his three and sixpenny audience to
listen to so lamentable a confession. For that very
reason it gives us pleasure to add circulation to such
a truth, amongst the thousands of Whig-radicals in
Liverpool who delight in the perusal of our columns.
We have ourselves asserted the same fact over and
over again. We have asserted the fact of this very re-
action, accompanied by proof which would have con-
vinced any thing not absolutely wooden; but we have
not been listened to. A delusion is abroad amongst
our Whig-radical brethren, which will not allow them
to see that their days of political probation have past
by, and that they' are about to be laid upon the shelf to
moulder for another half century of hopeless exclusion
from the sweets of office and the sunshine of patronage.
Will they listen to Mr. Gisborne—a member of their
own party and an able one ? We trust they will.

The Manchester Guardian of Saturday last, in re-
plying to our remarks on the sugar duties, reiterates
the assertion that " the time has come when the Bri-
tish public ought no longer to he required to pay dou-
ble prices for their sugars and their coffees, for the'be-
nefit, not of the revenue, but of a body of colonial
monopolists," and insinuates that the West India in-
terests have had " a sufficient term of experience" to
warrant the presumption that they cannot produce
those articles on " an adequate scale, and at a reason-
able price." There would be some show of reason in
these assertions if it could be proved that the British
planters are alone to blame for the serious defalcation
which has arisen in the supply of those staples. The
contrary, however, is notoriously the fact. The people
of this country are alone to blame in this matter. If
the abolition of the Negro apprenticeship had not been
precipitated, in compliance with the popular clamour
raised in this country, the planters would have been in
a very different position to that in which they are at
present placed, and the supplies of sugar and coffee
would have been fully adequate to meet the increasing
demands of the British population. It would require
more ingenuity than the editor of the Guardian can
lay claim to, to prove that the planters of the West In-
dies have evinced any "indisposition to supply the Bri-
tish market with those articles. They have not been
guilty of retaining any portion of their stock in order

to produce a rise of prices. They have anxiously for-
warded home their annual crops for immediate sale.
They have found it necessary to do this that they might
be enabled to carry on the cultivation of their estates.
The real cause of the deficiency in the supplies of su-
gar and coffee, and of the consequent advance in
prices, has been the general indisposition of the Ne-
groes to labour. The planters have not had fair play ;
neither have they had such a term of experience as
would justify us in consigning them to immediate and
irretrievable ruin. The government, urged on by a
set of unreasonable agitators, in this country as well as
in the colonies, has interposed every obstacle in its power
to prevent the British planters from obtaining an
adequate supply of labour on their estates. Let
the restrictions on free immigration be removed for a
few years, and we feel confident that the West Indies
will yet recover from their depression, and that they
will speedily furnish both sugar and coffee as cheaply
as the Brazils. It remains yet. to be proved that free
labour cannot, under any circumstances, compete with
slave labour. The advocates of emancipation have
always maintained that free labour ought to be more
productive than compulsory labour. We do not deny
the position. But let the experiment be carried out.
Let the planters have a fair chance of testing the com-
parative merits of the two systems. Until this is fully
and fairly conceded, it would be an act of gross cruelty
as well as injustice to consign the West Indies to a
state resembling that of their primitive barbarity.
The Manchester Guardian asserts that it is not true
that it has ever proposed, suddenly and at once, to de-
prive the colonial products of all preference in the home
markets. It should, however, be remembered that
even the partial abolition of the discriminating duties
would have the immediate effect of giving a preference
to foreigners in the British market. Even with the
present scale of duties the British planters find great
difficulty in competing with slave-holding foreign states.
The position of the West India proprietors is eminently
critical at the present moment. They have, as yet,
found it impossible to prevail upon the Negroes to set-
tle down to continuous labour, without which the cul-
tivation of sugar especially can never be carried on with
any degree of success. It would, therefore, be highly
ungenerous to take advantage of this precarious and
trying situation, in order to " deal heavy blows and
great discouragements" to the suffering planters. They
ought to have a little breathing time afforded them,
that they may endeavour to realise the promised advc.a-
tages of the free labour system. In demanding this
respite on their behalf we are merely insisting upon
having the principles of the abolitionists tested in the
rigid school of experience.
We can well afford to smile at the imputation that
the Liverpool Standard " almost lives and moves, and
has his being as the organ of the West India interests."

We really must disclaim the honour which the Guardian
appears so anxious to confer upon us. A reference to
our advertising columns will, we trust, convince our
contemporary that the amount of support which we
derive from the West India interest is exceedingly
limited. With some half dozen exceptions, the West
India merchants very rarely favour us with any of
their advertisements, notwithstanding our persevering
and consistent advocacy of their claims. We trust
that the Guardian will take this as a proof of our
disinterestedness in taking up the gauntlet in defence
of the British plantations.
We are glad to find that the Guardian has ventured
to speak its mind freely on the subject of the impor-
tation of slave-grown sugar and coffee, for home
consumption in this country. Our contemporary
boldly avers that " Great Britain does not and dare
not profess so to set herself up as a censor of other
nations, as to refuse to trade with them on equal
terms, avowedly because their forms of government
permit the existence of slavery." Does she not, at
the present moment, our contemporary asks, permit
the importation of American cotton and tobacco, which
are the products of slave labour? True; but she
does so in virtue of treaties of commerce which were
in existence before slavery was abolished in our own
colonies. Her adherence to, those treaties is no reason
why she should extend her countenance to slavery in
other countries, and especially those countries by which
the slave trade is still carried on in all its pristine
atrocity. The people of England are not prepared
thus to stultify their own exertions in the cause of
negro freedom. The strongest opponents of the free
1 trade in slave-grown produce, for which the Guardian
appears to contend with so much earnestness, Will be
found among the ranks of the abolitionists, many Of
whom have formally announced their intention to
forego the use of sugar and coffee altogether rather
than admit those articles from slave-holding countries.
On this subject we beg to refer the Guardian to the
declaration which Mr. O'Connell made, last session,
in his place in Parliament—a declaration which Mr.
Gurney, Mr. Sturge, Mr. Scohle, and Sir T. F. Buxton,
have not hesitated to reciprocate at several public
meetings held subsequently. We happen to know
that this feeling of repugnance to the direct encourage-
ment of slavery and the slave trade is daily gaining 1
ground in all parts of the country, and that it Will
eventually prove too powerful to be successfully op--
posed by the band of heartless political economists by
whom that encouragement is at present advocated.

We do not deny that " the differential duties are as
high against foreign free-labour sugar and coffee, as
against foreign slave-grown sugar and coffee." The
reason of this is well known to every one who is, in the
least, familiar with commercial affairs, Our existing

treaty with the Brazils effectually precludes us from
showing any preference to Manilla, Java, Siam, St.
Domingo, or any other free labour countries. Are
the manufacturers of Manchester prepared to give up
the reciprocal advantages secured to us by that treaty?
The Guardian concludes its reply to us by asserting
that this country has been encouraging free labour in
our own colonies during the last six years. Where is
the proof ? As far as our Whig rulers, are concerned,
as we have before remarked, every possible obstacle
has been thrown in the way of the successful working
of the free labour system in the West Indies. Even
in the very last session of Parliament the claims of the
West India planters were contumeliously rejected by
the Whigs. Nothing, in fact, has been effectually done
in order to secure an adequate supply of immigrants
for our colonies, though it has been proved that hun-
dreds of thousands of such immigrants are ready and
willing to accept of the terms which the planters have
offered. Something, however, must speedily be done,
or we shall witness the final ruin of the West Indies.
The friends of humanity must force this subject upon
the attention of the legislature.

As a copy of the letter of the Rev. J. Clark, in refe-
reference to the Pastoral Aid Society, has already been
made public, we feel at liberty to depart from our
original intention, by giving it insertion in our own
columns ; and this we do the more readily because our
"candour" has been impeached in consequence of our
having suppressed it on Friday. Our principal reason
for declining to publish it, in the first instance, was a
disinclination to pursue the controversy any further.
We feel assured that the publication of Mr. Clark's
letter will do no harm to any one but himself. It will
be seen that we have given insertion to a spirited reply
to Mr. Clark's injudicious effusion. As we have no
wish to protract the dispute we shall content ourselves
with a mere reference to the letter of " A Lay Member
of the Pastoral Aid Society," and with an expression
of our concurrence with its language and sentiments.

We have occasionally heard good conservatives, and
good Protestants too, advance the opinion that the
cause of conservatism is damaged by introducing reli-
gious discussion into political questions. We are
allowed to controvert statements of facts, to attack the
principles and expose the fallacies which our opponents
put forth. We may even use occasionally the argumen-
t= ad hominem. But we must allow the religious opi-
nions of our adversaries to remain sacred from assault•
Whether Turk or Mahomedan, Socinian or Papist, we
must judge of the man by his actions or by his pro-
fessions, and exclude altogether from our notice his
religion or the religion of his supporters.
It is something akin to this spurious liberality which
inclines many of our moderate conservatives to depre-
cate the zeal displayed by a portion of our clergy in
denouncing the tenets and the practice of the Romish
church. " Leave religion alone," exclaim these timid
churchmen. " Leave religion alone," echo the friends
of dissent and the professors of no religion. "Itis .a po-
litical quarrel which we have to maintain ; and with
political weapons it ought to be maintained." But is
the fact so, we ask ? Is the quarrel, between conser-
vatism and modern radicalism, a political one merely,
or, if so, is it fought by our opponents with weapons
purely of a political nature? Far from it, we reply;
and the reason why conservatism, in warring with
whig-radicalism, directs so great a portion of her
strength against popery, is that whig-radicalism sym-
pathises with popery, fosters popery, and is supported
by, and allied with, popery! The power of that dark
apostacy over the pei-sons and the consciences of its
slaves whig-radicalism eagerly seeks to profit by, and
to direct against our present Protestant constitution.
The experience of the last few years shews, too, that
popery, in any political contest, is a powerful and effi-
cacious ally. She allows no dissensions amongst her
flock ; no differences of opinion; no splitting of hairs,
which so fatally weakens the protestant interest. The
followers of the Church of Rome, led on by their spiri-
ritual superiors or lay fuglemen, throw the whole
weight of their body into the scale; and are ready,
when called upon, even to lay aside the most powerful
considerations of worldly interest, as insignificant when
placed in opposition to the supposed interests of their
church. Their political conduct is made an intrinsic
portion of their religious faith. Surely, then, when
this is so notoriously and evidently the case, it will be
perceived that we cannot break down the political power
which popery at present exercises in the state, except
by destroying the chain of ignorance and superstition
by which she leads on her blind dupes to perform her
insidious behests !

But let us see how our opponents treat this alleged
mingling of religion and politics when practised by
themselves. Do they deprecate in their own case what
Mr. Rosson terms the agitation of the Priesthood ? Is
the gag of the law to be applied to "their Reverences,"
as well as to our Protestant Clergy ? Not at all. We
find the Morning Chronicle—the leading organ of the
ministerial party boldly declaring that it is the
bounden duty of the.Popish Priesthood to use their
spiritual authority—and how great that is we need not
be told now—to coerce, if necessary, the political con-
duct of their flocks. In a leading article on Saturday
last, upon the subject of the Carlow election, amidst a
mass of frantic railing against the Protestant land-
owners of the county, we find the following passage,
which is pretty significant of the "liberal" view of the
extent to which priestly interference in political matters
may be carried when it is exercised in favour of the whig-
radical party :—" The Priest ought to warn the voter
against the sin against religion (!) which he commits
in voting for a man who seeks to promote what is
destructive to the best interests of his country."
Here, at any rate, we find no mawkish sensitiveness
displayed—no begging of the question. The Romish
Priest—favoured man !—may enter boldly and openly
into the field of politics ; become a political agent
and even a canvasser. He may warn the voters of the
sin against religion, which they commit in presuming
to think for themselves. Warn them !—threaten them,
would be the fitter word, and yet the Protestant Clergy-
man, far from seeking to enter thus actively into the
strife of politics, is not even to denounce and expose
this fearful and blood-cemented system, lest he should
be reproached with having a political object in view!

Let us bear in mind, too, the fact that the course of
policy which the Catholic Priesthood consider con-
ducive to what our ministerial chronicler calls, " the
best interests of their country," is that which they
deem to be most calculated to advance the interests of
" their Church," and the destruction of every other
establishment and creed. The Romish Priest has no
country. The supremacy of his own faith is the first
and last object of his thoughts. In his devotion to
" the Church " is absolved every tie of affection, of
relationship and of country; and his political viewsare
directed as his spiritual training teaches him to direct
them to one sole object—the temporal and spiritual
triumph of the Roman Catholic Faith!
Against such an opponent it is mere childish ab-
surdity nay worse —to argue that Protestantism
should be restrained from using, in self-protection,
every influence and every opportunity which her
present position affords her. How soon a tame sub-
mission to the inroads of Popery would remove that
opportunity we shall not speculate ; but at present, we
thank Heaven, she is not gagged !
