export every portion' of the 13' redacts. Still, it will read
curiously in history, that measures of a nature immensely
costly and injurious to British interests were taken to an-
nihilate slavery in British colonies, and that the ink
which gave the sanction to such a law could scarcely be
dry before the same legislature proposed to enact laws
for advancing the interests of foreign countries exactly
in the ratio that our own was injured, and in a ten-
fold degree to promote those evils resulting from slavery
in such foreign states, the removal of which evils in our
own possessions was made the pretext and justification
for exposing them to the risk of utter destruction I
One thing must, however, be always borne in mind
in discu§sing this question ; that the property involved,
and persons employed in the refining business, as com-
pared with numbers and value in the colonial question,
are only as one to forty or fifty—and that every increase
of trade consequent upon the admission of foreign pro-
ducts in competition with those of our own colonial pos-
sessions, must be attended with a corresponding diminu-
tion of our trade with those colonies. Which of the two,
then, under these circumstances, it is both our duty and
our interest to prefer, needs not our opinion. If Lord
ALTHORP means anything by the remark we have quoted
from his speech of this day week, we shall, perhaps, have
shortly to return to the subject. Until then, some mat-
ters of detail, which we have prepared, may, with great
propriety, be withheld.

A meeting of the clergy in this town and neighbour-
hood, upon the subject of the Irish church, was held in
the Blue Coat Hospital on Friday, and a petition was
agreed to with only one dissenting voice.
It is very moderate, and while it professes a, wish to
witness the removal of real evils and existing defects,
deprecates such a diminution of the Protestant establish-
ment as may injure the interests of the reformed religion,
and check the diffusion of scriptural truth.
It protests respectfully against the precedent of-apply-
ing church property to any but church objects, and while
it approves of the abolition of the vestry cess, expresses
a hope that the burthen of it will not be laid on the in-
cumbents.

In these opinions every friend to moderate counsels,
and every one interested in the present settlement of
property, will surely concur.

LONDON LATEST NEWS.

Saturday Evening, Hall-past Seven o'clock.
It is generally current in the political circles here that there is
little doubt that ministers will be in a minority on the Irish church-
robbery bill in the House of Lords, and that the conservative party
are certain of preventing this atrocious scheme from being
carried into execution. Earl Grey is, it is said, at his wits' end
—a journey which requires no rail-road to shorten its extent.
Whether a batch of peers is to be created, of which Westmin-
ster's glory is to form one portion,'or whether the ministers will
throw up the reins of government and leave the West India,
East India, and bank questions unsettled, iu the hope of em-
barrassing their successors, we believe is not quite decided on ;
but the latter is spoken of with some degree of confidence.
Certain it is that domestic affairs wear so lowering an aspect
that our capitalists of the stock exchange, who, if Lucifer were
prime minister, would support hitn rather than have a change,
have become alarmed, and consols have fallen very consider-
ably, the price for the account this afternoon closing at 891 s.
Some considerable speculation has taken place in India stock,
which yesterday was done as high as 219, but has gone back
to-day, closing at 215 to 246. Bank stock has not attracted
much notice since our last, the highest price having been 205,
and the closing quotation this afternoon being '2021 to 2031.
In the foreign market there has been a decline in Spanish
bonds, in consequence of apprehensions entertained by the
bond-holders that Don Carlos will be backed by so strong a
party in Spain as to render the situation of King Ferdinand ex-
tremely precarious. The price of Spanish stock at the close of
business this afternoon was 18i. There is
_great heaviness iu
all the foreign securities; Dutch bonds left off at 48i g ; Danish
at 731 to 74; Russian, at 1041 ; and Belgian, at 911 1. The last
price of Brazilian was 651 to 671. Portuguese scrip closed at
21 to discount.
We learn by the accounts from New Orleans to the 2d ult.
that the cholera had reappeared there; but few deaths had,
however, occurred.
In consequence of an official communication that the plague
had broken out in Alabama, orders had been issued at Ancona
that all vessels &c. from the lonian Islands should be subject to
a quarantine of forty days.
