APRIL

2 The House of Commons, after a discussion on the best
means of correcting the evils of the present system of tribu-
nals appointed to decide on controverted elections, proceeds
with Mr. C. Buller's Bill on the subject, there being for the
bill 80, for referring the matter to a select committe 57
majority /3.
The Notting hill Footway Bill is read a third time and
passed, the numbers being for the bill 162, against it 1/3—
majority 39.
The Christinos under O'Donnell make an unsuccessful
attack on the Fort of Vera. _

3 On a motion for the repeal of Is 3d of the soap duty (the
original motion, which was for its repeal, having been with-
draw,) the house divides, when there appears for the repeal
78, against it 166—majority 89.
The Marquis of Chandos brings before the I-louse of
Commons the expense of the mission of the Earl of Durham,
and moves a resolution to the effect, that the expenses of the
establishment of Lord Gosford formed a proper precedent to
be observed in the case of the Earl of Durham. The house
divided, when the numbers were, for the resolution 158,
against it 160—majority for ministers 2.
4 O'Donnell, after three days' siege, captures the fort
of Vera.

The Queen of Portugal proceeds in state to the cortes,
and swears to the new constitut►on.

5 The official tables of the revenue, published this year,
show a falling off of £2,332,364 upon the year, and £492,320
upon the quarter, as compared with the corresponding period
of last year.
Murder of Mr. Austin Cooper, and attempted assassin-
ation of Mr. Wayland, (wounded,) whilst on their way to
the fair at Tipperary.
6 Mr. Blackstone complains of a breach of privilege, in
a letter signed by Mr. Poulter, ex-member for Shaftesbury,
impugning the conduct of thn committee which had unseated
him. Mr. Poulter, with the printer of the paper in which
the letter bad appeared, is ordered to attend at the bar of the
house.

An Englishman, named Stuart, is arrested at Got

tingen, for a libel on King Ernest.
9 Mr. Poulter is called to the bar of the house, and hav-
ing acknowledged himself to be the author of the letter, re-
flecting on the decision of the Shaftesbury election committee,
Mr. Blackstone moves that the letter is false and scandalous,
and Mr. O'Connell moved that the debate be deferred for a
week, which was carried by 121 against 117.
The London and Birmingham Railway is opened from
Birmingham to Rugby.
12 The King of Prussia publishes an ordonance, forbid-
ding the distribution of papers by persons supposed to be
papal agents.
Samuel Lount and Peter Matthews are executed at
Toronto, in Upper Canada, for high treason.
16 A procession of " the Trades" accompanies the Dor-
chester labourers who had returned from transportation,
through the streets of London, and a grand dinner is after-
wards given by the radicals at White Conduit House, in ce-
lebration of the labourers' return.

The Leeds Operative Conservative Association enter-
tains Sir F. Burdett and other distinguished conservatives.
The company, consisting of 1200 persons, is accommodated
in a pavilion erected for the purpose.
Several officers are severely beaten by the mob in at-
tempting to prevent cock-fighting at Hanworth, near Ted-
din gton.
In consequence of the refusal of the Mexican govern-
ment to accede to the ultimatum of the French King, the
commander of the French squadron declares the ports of
Mexico to be in a state of blockade. _ _ _

18 Dinner of the conservative electors of Salford, at which
MOO persons are present.
19 The Greek inhabitants of Hydra revolt, and imprison
the governor,
The town of Vickbnrgh, Mississippi, is wilfully set fire
to, and almost entirely consumed, the incendiary being him-
self scalded to death. •
22 A desperate affray takes place between English and
nn thP Grant Western Railway.
committed to the. uompten at. a ueserter
ment.

The conservative tradesmen of Liverpool entertain Sir
F. Burdett, Lord Maidstone, and other distinguished con-
servatives, at a public dinner.
At a sitting of the Second Chamber of Hanover, a ca-
binet letter is read, allowing a publication in the journals of
au abstract, as short as possible, of the proceedings of the
legislature, but prohibiting the insertion of all individual
speeches.
The Sirius and Great Western, steam ships, arrive at
New York; the former in l 7 days from Cork, the latter in
15 days from Bristol.
25 A great meeting in favour of the abolition of slavery
is held at Bath.
Mr. Sergeant Talfourd's bill to extend the interest of
authors in their own productions is read a second time, there
being for the second reading 39, against it 34—majority 5.
- 190 persons Are killed by the explosion of the boiler of
the steam-boat Moselle, on her passage from Cincinatti to
Lonisville.
Captains Roberts and Hoskins, of the Great Western
and Sirius, steam-ships, are entertained at a great banquet
by the corporation of New York.
26 On the motion for a grant of a sum of money for the
yeomanry corps, Mr. Hume moves the entire reduction of
the corps. A division takes place, when the numbers are—
for the grant 200, against it 57; majority 146.
27 1,158 houses are destroyed by fire at Charleston, in
America.

28 The Goldsmiths' Company give a magnificent banquet
at their new hall to the Duke of Wellington, Sir Robert
Peel, and other distinguished public characters.
30 The Irish Poor Relief Bill is read a third time in the
House of Commons, and passed; there being, for the third
reading 234, against it 59—majority 175.
