top of CANTERBURY, the
1 Church (Scotland) Bill was read the

Xrcbbis

BREAD LBASE having presented petitions
non-intrusion," Scotland,

xl of ABERDEEN took occasion to remark that

the improvements in do-
,Tatest improvement had
;" and his lord-
_ ine petitions just presented
e of the perfection to which that manu-

lutacture of petitions
mate that

n broug

house resolve into committee on
s (Ireland) Bill, the Marquis of
aurnment ; but that proposi-
• Their lordships then re-
Al, and Lord LYNDHURST
many of the clauses,

;re carried ;-
others were deferred. The re-
lor lordships' sitting was occupied with pro-
e amendments to the clauses.

- OF COMMONS.—MosnAY.
.e notice that he should persevere in his
vent to Sir R. Inglis's motion, on Tuesday evening,

asked the Secretary for Foreign Affairs,
intention of government to take any steps
certificates and bills of exchange delivered
chants on account of opium surrendered ?
)ort of the committee that they had
id he wished to know whether the
corward any motion for the

ion to these merchants.
!d that he had seen nothing to
taken on the subject, and stated to
of British merchants.

f granting compens

'. MACLEAN then asked, whether the government re-
.ted the acts of Capt. Elliot, or whether they intended
ntinue him in the situation of superintendent ?
rd PALMERSTON replied that it was not the intention to
Capt. Elliot.

ELIOT asked whether any despatch had been received
New South Wales, or from the Governor of New

J. RUSSELL answered that no despatches had been
and it was not the intention of his hon. friend to
;ward the motion of which he had given notice, in
we of information.

r. MILES asked whether any negociations were going
r the renewal of friendly relations with the Shah of

L PALMERSTON answered that despatches had been
'eceived from that court, and negociations were pend-
f moment he could not enter into any

ment thereon

aving instituted inquiries respecting the

PALN!ERST' ON communicated that the commisioners

iiese claims had arrived in London,
eu m communication for the purpose of arranging
their proceedinzs ; he booed in a short time to

ing the Po

) receive and investigate the claims

d whether it was intended to include

,ord PALMERSTON considered that it would include all
se employed in naval or military services. He was not
ire, however, that there were many naval claims.
:Jord INGESTRE inquired whether there was any probability
an arrangement being speedily made with regard to letters
ng posted at a later hour than at present?

The C
MANCELLOR of the EXCHECIER answered that, con-
.

eringq.o4:persons employed in the Post-ottice had double
amount of business to transact, it was not his intention
recommend such a step at present.
HumE, on the question that the Sugar Duties Bill be
id the third time, said it would be recollected that the house
d refused to reduce the duty on foreign sugar, and, on the

eceding evening, the house refused to permit the passage of
T labourers from Bengal, and other parts of the East
dies, to the Mauritius ; since that time the price of sugar
d risen very considerably, and it was likely to rise higher
11, in consequence of the deficient supply. He, therefore,
shed to know whether it was the intention of the noble
rd to take any steps to insure free labour in the colonies on
ticli the supply depended.
Lord J. RUSSELL answered, that the proposition made
aission of free labour from the East Indies to the
The house decided against that proposition, but,
stood, on the ground that it had not sufficient in-
and not on the ground that it ought to be denied
ice and for ever. As he understood that to be the wish
he certainly should not think himself justified

allowing the importation of free labour into the Mauritiu
til that further information were received. When tha
.s received it would be for Parliament to say whether i

The bill was eventually read the third time and passed.
The Chimney-sweepers Bill was read the third time and

stion of resolving into committee on the Eccles
~1 Revenues Bill was preceded by the mom
s ; and the discussion thereon, occupied the mai

:al Duties
lad

HOUSE OF LORDS.—TUESDAY.
Bishop of LLANDAFF presented a petition from his
praying for increased means of church accommoda-

Drd GOSPORD presented two petitions, the one signed b)
Roman Catholic Bishop and clergy of Montreal, and th 4
r by 40,000 inhabitants of the district of Quebec, agains
union of the two C

BREADALBANE having particularly called the atten-
their lordships to a petition he was about to present
ill introduced by Lord Aberdeen on the regula-
tices in Scotland, read the document at full
s subscribed by the convener and members of
appointed by the General Assembly of the
1, and, while asserting the rights of the con-
dge of the merits of the minister appointed by
n-ayed that counsel might be heard at the bar
I support of that right.
)EcN, in answer to a question, stated that he
coa,mitLeu upon thib bill on Thursday next.
icurred with the prayer of the petition, be-
that the real pretensions of the General As-
istinctiv made known.

Lord M

dOURNE their, after a few words from Lord
.a and Lord CASIPERDOWN, rose to introduce the
,overnment bill. It had been recommended by the
assemblies in each province, and by the officers to
ae government of the colonies had been entrusted,
sad also passed the other house with so little objection
-,ht be regarded as almost unanimous.
,could, in the first instance, declare the re-
o provinces, which had been separated in
-et on to provide that the government
administered by one legislative council
t assembly, which would consist of 84 mem-
ted in equal numbers by each province. The
the council would remain exactly in its pre-
The qualification of those who were entitled to
ibers of the house of assembly would be left un-
d the boundaries of the cities and towns would be
Atled•by the governor. The place and time cf
,rliarnents would be at the discretion of the crown ;
of taxation would undergo very little alteration ;
proceedings in both houses would be conducted in
,n the English language. A permanent provision in
ape of a civil list was to be made for the expenses of
averument. which would in return surrender the here-
Jr rights and revenues it at present possessed, while, if
a were any surplus revenue after the discharge of the
I list, it was to be applied in support of the domestic esta-
shments of the colony, upon the recommendation of the
own. These were the leading features in the bill, and he
pprehended that there were no questions of detail so im-
ortant as to cause a difference of opinion which would not
tve otherwise existed on the principles of the measure.
The Duke of WELLINGTON could not agree to the opinion
.ch had just been expressed as to the importance of an
ediate decision on the subject. He was, on the con-
, inclined to think that the feeling which had led to the
isurrection, and which in a neighbouring country had
I the inhabitants to lend it their support, had not so
passed away as to render a speedy settlement of the
'they safe or desirable. It was no subject to be
1 of. as, if the arrangement proposed were un-
a of all our possessions in America would
He denied that the union of the two pro-
a extensively approved of. It had been intro-
_ for the first time during the last session,
_,„e question of responsible local government had not
n mooted, they would have heard very little of it. Agi-
ion had been set on foot by a new system of administering
onial patronage, and it was to this alone that the desire
a legislative union prevalent in the lower provinces was
be traced. From the inhabitants of Upper Canada they
I received no petition on the subject, but to their opinions,
n their uncompromising loyalty and attachment to British
•ests, the greatest weight was to be ascribed. He im-
-1 the government to pause before they determined to
n this bill. He trusted that the house would consider
able effect most attentively, but for his own part he

then we

future I

the los

should feel it his duty to oppose it.
Lord GOSFORD had no hesitation in characterizing the
measure as a dangerous experiment. Its operation would be
most unjust, as it would give to a population of 300,000 the
same number as to one of 800,000, and it would also impose
upon the lower province, which was wholly unembarrassed,
the heavy debt incurred by Upper Canada. He felt assured
that her Majesty could have no subjects more loyal than the
French inhabitants of the colony, and he should oppose the
bill—firstly, because it was founded on 'misrepresentation—
and, secondly, because it was unjust.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH was convinced that by passing the
bill parliament would be committing an act which would lead
to the separation of the colonies from the mother country.
He concurred entirely in what had been said by the noble
',lke, and he thought the bill as proposed the most fraudu-
t and unjust measure that had ever been brought before
'ouse. The principles on which it was founded were also
:y erroneous, as not one of the objects it professed
)uld he practically effected by it.
Lord LANSDOWNE supported the bill, and contended that
!cent events had shown the necessity of that co-operation
a all parts of the country which could only be obtained un-
ler a central government.
Lord RIPON, without going so far as some other noble
lords in their opposition to the measure, could not but con-
sider its good effects extlemely questionable. If it failed, its
failure would be irreparable, and its operation would be so
unjust, that, except for prudential considerations, he should
oppose its second reading.
Alter a few words from Lord ASHBURTON, explaining the
difficulty of governing such extensive and distant colonies by
,-.;.:igrion.

entirel

BRO Gil Am remarked, that so far from their being
wsal assent to this measure, the Legislative Council
r Canada had strongly expressed their disapprobation

of it. He should not, however, oppose the bill fiit:ther than
by endeavouring to amend it as much as possible in

provision. He began by appealing to the frequent petitions
in favour of his object, as evidence of the great interest felt
for it throughout the country. The petitions were upwards
of 2500, and the signatures to them 213,589. The prayer of
these numerous petitioners was not for a selfish exemption
or a privilege, but for a benefit to their fellow-creatures at a
cost to thmselves. For many centuries the churches of

England had hardly been increased in number ; but, on
the other hand, even within the present century alone,
the population had augmented by considerably more than
6,000,000 of souls. It was said of a national religion, that
though forced upon none it should be offered to all. To the

absence of churches and church instruction in certain popu-
lous districts he attributed the political disturbances which

had prevailed there. So strongly was this felt among the
parties most nearly concerned, that the petitions from the
small couiuty of Monmouth alone exceeded in number the

petitions from all the four of the metropolitan counties. The
argument by which he expected to be opposed was, that the
subject was one with which the state had no concern ; for the
state, it was said had no conscience. But surely, whatever
duty a man was bound to perform in his private character, he
was bound to advance by his public power and influence, even

in times of great difficulty and pressure on the people. This
object (continued the honourable baronet) had been aided by,

government--first under Mr. Pereeval, and then under Lord

Liverpool. It was said the dissenters were the majority of

the people, and, at all events, ought not to be taxed for a
faith they disapproved. He referred to statistical returns to
prove that they are not the majority ; and, being but a mi-
nority, they were bound by what the majority might deter-
mine. It bad been said that the Church of England was
already the richest church in the world. But if all the be-

niiices were equalised, they would not average £3OO a-year.
In tact, one-third of all the property once belonging to the
church was now inlay hands. Nor was it justifiable to take

the existing property of a rich living to endow new founda-
tions. It had been done, indeed, with respect to bishoprics,
which were in the gift of the state; but it could not be done
. _

with respect to advowsons, which were private property.
The voluntary system had been proposed for our adoption.
A sufficient answer was to be found in the spiritual destitution
. .

of America, the only country in which the system had ever

been tried. It was a system, too, which could do the least
where it was most wanted—namely, where the population
was the poorest and most ignorant. Indeed, the need was

the greatest where the sense of that need was the smallest.
The evil was, perhaps, most grievous, in certain districts of

the metropolis. The "dissenters did a good deal, but rather
among the middle than the poorest classes. It had been ad-
mitted, in a report to which Lord Melbourne, Lord J. Russell,
and the Lord Chancellor, as well as several dignitaries of the
church, were parties, that the resources of the church were
inadequate to redress this evil. The legislature of France, a
country much admired by some gentlemen opposite, had set
an example, since 1837, of voting large sums for the erection
of churches. It was not now to be considered an open ques-
tion, whether this nation should or should not have an esta-
blishment. He believed the established church to be the
true one ' • and for that reason, and by reason too that the
state had recognised and enshrine(' it as the true one, he now
asked this aid. But even in the lowest view, as a mere mat-
ter of policy, the expenditure he recommended would be an

expedient one. If you would build more churches, you
would have to build fewer gaols. The inmates of the gaols

were in practice found to come mainly from those districts in
which religious instruction was most deficient. But he
wished rather to place the question upon higher ground—to
put it to the great manufacturers and traders who brought
large masses of people together from rural parishes into towns
possessing no means of religious instruction, whether they
did their whole duty by those poor people in merely paying
them their wages, without making any provision for their
spiritual welfare. There were various modes in which the
legislature might do its duty on this subject :—by direct
grant—by purchase of impropriations—by increase of the
number of services—by a new arrangement of pews—and by
other means which he would not now stop to enumerate.
Who were the opponents of this motion ?—an unholy alli-
ance between the Roman Catholics and the political dissen-
ters. Refuse this aid, and you consign millions of souls to
heathenism, and to its consequences, vice and immorality,
from which yourselves must be the sufferers. Mere intellec-
tual education would not suffice to keep your youth from
evil courses ; religious instruction must be combined with it.
It was now nine o'clock, and the ministerial benches being
at this time somewhat fuller than those occupied by the
conservatives,
Mr. HUME, who had given notice of an amendment, for-
bore to offer himself to the house, obviously in the hope of
forcing a premature division. But before the galleries were
half cleared,
Mr. GALLY KNIGHT rose to continue the debate. He
bore testimony to the want of spiritual instruction in various
manufacturing districts, particularly those of Nottingham
and Manchester. It was said that the present was not a con-
venient season for this proposal ; but on so great a subject
no season could be inconvenient. If the legislature waited
for a season of fr sencial surplus, they would wait for ever.
There was plenty of money to spend on commercial specula-
tions, and we had granted £20,000,000 to abolish slavery ;
was nothing to be done for the salvation of our poor country-
men at home? He believed that the whole body of dissenters
in England, Roman eatholics and Wesleyans included, was
short of 3,000,000, and such a minority ought not to be a
bar against so great a benefit to the rest of the people. He
called the attention of the house to the state of the church
building acts, which he said were complicated, and in some
respects impolitic, and required consolidation.
The gallery having again been cleared for a division,
Mr. V. STUART said that his own friends were not treat-
ing the question fairly; and that if they could give no answer
to the elaborate statements made on the other side, he should
vote with Sir R. Inglis. He had been returned, indeed, by
a Roman catholic constituency, but he was an attached mem-
ber of the church, and if his conduct gave offence he was
ready to resign his seat.
Lord DUN GANNON censured the silence of the government,
whose duty it was to explain themselves upon so important a
subject.
Mr. WARD then rose to carry on the discussion. In the
first place he disliked the expense. He thought, likewise,
that to the 3,000,000 of English dissenters should be added
the 8,000,000 of Irish catholics, and the 3,000,000 of Scotch
presbyterians. He objected that the motion would reverse
the appropriation principle, and tax the Irish people to main-
tain a church which they felt to be already " too much."
The mover had complained that the town districts, such as
Glasgow, were disturbed in consequence of the want of re-
ligious instruction; and then called on the house to tax the
people of Glasgow for the erection of an English church
there, which, when built, they would never enter. His opi
nion of the mover's honesty was somewhat shaken by his not
having ventured to state his own plan, or the amount of
money to be called for. The example of France had been
quoted, but France made proportionate provision for all
creeds. He thought this an ill-judged motion, and likely to
sow strife. But it was also an undefined motion; it asked
nothing specific. if a small matter, such as £20,000, were
all that was wanted, it was not worth talking of, but if a
quarter of a million per annum were sought, let members
answer their vote to their constituents.
Mr. MILNES disclaimed all intention to treat the subject
as a matter of enthusiasm ; he would treat it as a matter of
practice and common sense. It was not for the mover to
specify the sum ; that was for her Majesty's ministers. lie
admitted the uselessness of building churches that would
staud empty ; but he believed that among the inventions for
toe amelioration of society the residence of a Christian mi-
nister was one of the most beneficial. Ile could not consent
to leave matters in their present condition, between a godless
despair and a brutal fanaticism. He would not say the church
is in danger; but he would say the state is in danger.
Mr. BAINES went into a long examination of the statistics
in the report of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, for the
purpose of showing that the deficiency of church room was
an evil of only half the extent therein represented. He re-
peated the usual arguments by which Dissenters oppose
church-rates, and he made light of the petitions in favour of
this motion, which he characterised as paltry things, got up
in holes and corners. The first fruits and tenths should have
been differently levied and applied, and then there would
have been no such deficiency as was now complained of. If
Sir R. Inglis would modify his proposal into a motion for
inquiring what church extension was necessary, to that, per-
haps, he might agree.
Mr. O'CoNNELL objected to the indefinite amount of the
demand. Besides, if population had increased, so had the
wealth of the church. Tithes had become more valuable in
themselves, and :more land had been rendered titheable by
cultivation. Lords and bishops gave money for missionary
societies to teach abroad : why not apply their money in
teaching at home ? Until the Reformation no tax had ever
been imposed for building churches. If churches were wanted
why did not this rich country subscribe ? The Roman Ca-
tholic heirarchy in Ireland was maintained by subscription ;
yet Ireland was a far poorer country. Call for more money?
What connexion had money with religion ? Would not
genuine zeal be active enough unless stimulated by money ?
He hoped we were coming to a state of things when the
voluntary system would be universal. At all events it was a
manifest injustice for the church to make those who dissented
from her pay taxes for the increase of her establishment.
Lord TEIGNMOUTH attempted to speak amid much tumult.
He proposed to controvert Mr. Baines's statistical details ;
but the house indicated a great unwillingness to entertain
that sort of discussion at so late a period of the debate. He
therefore abridged this part of the argument, and addressed
himself to the working of the voluntary system, which he
described as having been lamentably unsuccesful.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL said, that after the recent imposition
of taxes, a still further taxation, for the purpose of the
establishment, would excite much discontent, especially
among those who dissented from its doctrine. The church
stood well at present with the people, and it was not prudent
to run the risk of injuring its popularity. Besides, there
were other means of supplying the want. A considerable
sum might be raised from the improved management of
church leases. A small per centage on the incomes of the
larger benefices had also been proposed. He was not, indeed,
prepared to recommend that resource, but yet he should
prefer it to any imposition of fresh burdens on the people at
large. On the whole, he thought the church would not be a
gainer by the present proposal; nor was the house yet in
possession of the information necessary for enabling it to de-
termine the extent of the deficiency.
At half-past twelve the house divided. The numbers
were, for the motion, 149 ; against it, 168 ; majority against
it 19.

Lord J. RUSSELL afterwards obtained leave to bring in the
New South Wales government bill.
The remaining business having been disposed of, the house
adjourned.

HOUSE OF LORDS..--WEDNESDAY
The House of Lords did not meet to. day.

HOUSE OF COMMONS:WEDNESDAY.
There not being 40 members present at four o'clock, the
SPEAKER declared the house to stand adjourned till to-mor-
row. There were 35 membersin attendance.

THE DEPARTURE OF THE CONVICT GOULD.—Yesterday
morning " a draft" of convicts, who were found guilty at the
late Old Bailey Sessions, were placed in the prison van and
conveyed to Woolwich, preparatory to their voyage to New
South Wales. Among the number was the notorious Richard
Gould, for a burglary in the house of the late Mr. Temple-
man, at Islington. A few weeks ago the hand of benevolence
was extended on his behalf, and he embarked as a free man
to the same latitude to which he is now consigned as a felon,
loaded with chains. Brave as he tried to appear, it is well
known that the contrast weighs heavily on his mind. It is
understood that, on his arrival at the colony, the " Log book"
of daily deportment during the voyage will give a discretion-
ary power to the governor to determine whether he shall be
disposed as of an assigned servant in an agricultural district,
or as an incorrigible offender, sent to work in darkness and
chains in the mines of Norfolk Island.—morning Herald of
Tuesday.
DEATH OF MR. COCKERILL.—We have received from
Liege a very melancholy piece of intelligence. " Mr.
Cockerill," says a letter dated the 24th inst.
'Warsaw, at which city he arrived on the 12th' has died at
of
St. Petersburgh. This news was brought to June from
courier. A council of advocates was immediately assembled
esernby a
by the trustees, to consider what was to be done in copse_
j
quence of this event." " Mr. Cockerill." says the ouenai
of Liege," died on the 19th, at seven in the morning, having
been carried off in a few days by a brain fever, at the age of
50 years. During his illness he was visited by Prince
Paskewitsch, who immediately sent to him the chief physician
of the army. Mr. Cockerill has no children. It is not yet
known whether he has left a will. His heirs are 13 in num-
ber."—" Mr. Cockerill," says a biographer, " was born on
the sth of April, 1790, in the little town of Haslingden, in
the county of Lancaster. At the age of 12 his father sent for
him to Verviers, where he had settled a few years after the
birth of his son John, who was one day to acquire a repute-
ion extending bEyond the bounds of Europe.'

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

SPAIN

The Paris papers of Tuesday contain the following telegia.
phic dispatches, announcing the entrance of Balmaseda into
France :
