LONDON LATEST ivßirs:

City, S'Otntchty Evening, Half-past Seven o'clock.
The principal topic of conversation in the city to-day has bad
reference to the reported intention of government to mite a
loan, for the purpose of providing a sufficient sum to meet the
demands of the West India planters for compensation on thi..
abolition of slavery. It is stated that about 5,000,000 only will
be required fur the purpose, as it would appear by a gtivein-
ment notice recently issued that a considerable sum is already
in hand to meet the claims. If. the last notice issued by the
commissioners of Exi-.hequer bills is understood rightly, a aura
equal to nearly £14,000,000 sterling it invested in Excheqiiei'
bills, to answer the coming claims on the part of the Wes;'.
India interests. To this ruinous; which has been strefigthenett,je
by the proceedings in parliament hot night upon the Wei n.'
India question, is to be attributed the heaviness which has
prevailed in the money market.
The great destruction of property, which took place recently
in the island of Dominica will be still fresh in the minds of our
readers. We understand that government has granted a loart.
of £BO,OOO to the colony; and has also- made the colonists a -
free gift of £12,000 to be distributed among them according to
the extent of their loss and the number-of-acres possessed by
the sufferers.
The intelligence from New South Wales is very satisfactory.
The. General Ilarcourt, which has justotirived, brings over a
full cargo of wool and other produce, for which there is amoug
our mercantile interests a most active demand. The best criz
tenon of the growing prosperity of the colony is perhaps to be
found in the fact, that in one week £5OO was depositedin the'
Savings' Bank of Sydney, while the total amount deposited in
the same establishment by the small tradesmen and others was
between £22,000 and £23,000.
The decline which has continued to-day in the public secu-
rities is chiefly to be ascribed to the reports respecting financial
matters already referred to. Consols for account have declined
to-day from 911 to 911, and up to four o'clock this afternoon
no reaction beyond a mere fraction took place, the last price of
to-day being 91Ii. The market for Exchequer bills and India
bonds continues rather flat at 28 to 30 for the former, and 7 to
9 for the latter. Bank stock is
,rather beetter, leaving off at
216. The speculative business in consols is at present carried
on to a very small amorint.
Prices of the English hands at four o'clock :—Bank Stock;
216; Reduced 5 per Cents, 90;; Consols, shut; 31-per Cents.
Reduced, 981; New 31 per Cents,_ 100; Long Annuities:, 16
—;11-16ths; India Stock, India. Bonds, 9 premium ; Exche-
quer Bills, 30 premium; Consols for Account, 9li.

DREADFUL EARTHQUAKE IN CHILI !

Our contemporaries, 66 Chronicle and the Journal, published;
on Saturday, second editions, announcing, on the authority of
a letter received by a house -in. this place, dated Santiago del
Chili, Feb. 27, 1835, that " A inost awful earthquake was ex,.
perienced on the evening of the 20th of February last, in the
southern provinces of Conception, which has levelled with the
ground not less than seven large towns and a number of villager;
leaving upwards of 200,000 inhabitants without a shelter to pro-;
tect them from the inclemency of the approaching winter, in the
utmost distress and consternation. It is, in fact, the most cam-
pt-re-ruin thi3rotrtitry lifts-steered from the rartie-caTse-t6t""°-- -
centuries,. the loss of both lives and property beinc, immense..::'' -
It was most violent in the town of Conception, but was also
felt here very strongly, although not sufficient to do any damage
to the edifices. ft would be vain to express the desolation that
this awful event has caused—when Chili will recover, God only
knows!"

This letter, we understand, was brought by the Rimac, We
published in the Standard of Friday, extracts from two letters
conveyed to England by the same vessel, one of them dated
Valparaiso, Feb. -28th, fa this letter it is stated that " a very
strong shock of an earthquake was felt here a few days since;
Talca suffered very severely; nearly all the houses are down,
and from fifteen to 'twenty lives are lOst" but not a word about
the seven large towns and a number of villages said to have been
destroyed, or the 200,000 inhabitants left by this calamitous vi-
sitation without any shelter from the inclemency of the approach.:
ink winter. The crew of the lilinae were, it appeals, totally
ignorant that such a disastrous occurrence had happened. We
suspect the affair will turn out Al be notbing more than thtt
" severe shock" alluded to in the letter Which we quoted from
on Friday.

NEWTON RACES.—(CoNcLumn.)

The Shrigley Cup, value 100 sovs, given by AV. Turner, Es4o
M.P., added to a Handicap Stakes of 15 sovs each, h ft. 28
subs. Oue mile and a half.
Mr Mostyn;s b f Birdlime, 4 yrs, Bst 21h
Mr A. Bower's b m Lady Stafford, 6 yrs, Bst 71b
Mr Critchlev names hr h Prince, 6 yrs, Bst 41b
Billinge, ti h by Sir Gray, and Syren also started.—The Prince
took the lead for about hirlf a distance, when Birdlime passed
him, and made all the running, winning very easily by twd
lengths. At the turn of the hill home Lady Stafford attempted
to head the mare, hut Was unable to 'keep pace with her;
linge, who was the favourite, ran a bad horse, being the last in
it.—Betting: 6 to 4 agst Billinge, 2 to 1 agst Birdlime, 4 to 1
agst Lady Stafford, and 7 to 1 agst any other.
The Warrington Purse of 50 sovs, added to a Handicap Stakes
of 5 sovs each.—One mile and a distance. •
Mr R. Turner's b c Fearnhurst, 4 yrs . 1
Mr Allanson's b m Lady Moore Ca w, 5 vrs
Lord Francis, Buccaneer, Bucepliflus, Radical, Ayesha, Miss
Chester, and Prince; one paid.—Mr Turner's Fearnhurst took
the lead at the top of his speed, which was very slow, Radical
second, and Lady Moore Carew third ; in this form they -ran
until they mounted the hill, when Carew took the secend•place
within fifteen lengths from home' Fearnhurst began to slacken;
and bad the distance been three lengths further he would have
been beaten easily; as it was, he managed to win by about a
head. A worse lot of horses were never brought out,-3 to. L
agst Fearuhurst, 3 to 1 agst Buccaneer, and 3 to 1 agst Radical,
Match for 1(X) sovs, h ft. Two miles.
Mr Nanney's br'c Friar Tuck received forfeit
The St. Helen's Purse of 50 sous, added to a Sweepstakes of 15
sees each, 10 anus ft, for two and three year olds. Golborne
Course. The second to receive back his stake.
Lord Derby's eh f Verbena, by Velocipede, 3 yrs -• k 1
Mr Houldsworth's b c Hectic, by Sultan, 3 yrs .
Mr Price's ch c Ludford, by Wamba, 3 vrs
Fidelio, Vulture, Lade Blessington, and Lord Francis also.
started; two paid.—Verbena made the running, with Hectic in
her quarters, and won with the greatest ease imaginable. sto
2 on the winner.

A Plate of CO for all ages. Two mile beats.
Mr E. Peel's ch c Tamworth, 4 yrs , . .1 I
Sir T. Stanley's lir c Young Tarragon, 4 yrs
Mr R. Turner's Vc. Fearnhurst, 4 yrs . 3 3
Sir R. 13ulkeley's b c Lambkin, 4 yrs . 2 4
5 to 3 on Taniworth. who won easily. .
