THE DIRECTORS

- -- -
Two vacancies having occurred in the board by the depri-
vation of the services of John Chippendale, Esq., and J. C.
Dyer, Esq., their places have been supplied by the appoint-
ment of George Sandars, Esq., and Henry Newberry, Esq.;
and in pursuance of the provisions of the act which requires
that at the persent meeting of the company five of the di-
rectors (to be determined by ballot among themselves) shall
go out of office, the following five gentlemen retire from the
direction, but are eligible to be re-elected, namely—lt. C.
Sharpe, Esq., J. P. Westbead, Esq., H. Tootal, -Esq., J.
G. Frost, Esq., and Edward Swanwick, Esq. •

THE ACCOUNTS OF THE LATE COMPANIES

In reference to these accounts it, will be remembered that
at the last meeting of the proprietors the directors stated that
they were not then able, owing to some disputed and un-
settled claim, to report the total sum expended. The
amounts, howeyer, have since been ascertained, and the di-
rectors are happy to state that, instead of (as they had inti-
mated to the shareholders on a former occasion was proba-
ble) resort necessary to the funds of the company to
an extent. in addition to the deposit paid upon the shares, or
perhaps 10s. per share, the sum will not exceed one-half of
that amount.

The accounts of this company have been made up to the
31st July, and a statement of the receipts and expenditure
will be laid before the meeting.

THE EXTENSION RAILWAY.-TRENT LINE

This is a subject which, though it be somewhat informal to
introduce at this meeting, the directors cannot forbear al-
luding to. The interests of the proprietors of this company are
deeply identified with the success of the Trent line, and the
directors therefore have much pleasure in communicating
that the arrangements for the application to Parliament next
session to authorise the construction of the railway are pro-
gressing in every respect satisfactorily. The demonstration
of opinion in favour of the undertaking at a town's meeting
in Manchester has been followed by similar expressions con-
veyed in the form of a published declaration from the in-
habitants of the various places upon and near to the pro-
posed railway. To those indeed who reside, or whose busi-
ness is carried on in the district of the Trent line, the open-
ing of the Grand Junction Railway has been a source of
great inconvenience, inasmuch as it has deprived them almost
entirely of the different coaches which formerly traversed
that country, and has left them only occasional and uncertain
means of conveyance. The landowners themselves largsly
share in this inconvenience, and hence the repugnance with
which many of them were wont to regard any railway pass-
ing through or approaching their estates has given place to a
feeling of acquiescence in, and not unfrequently support of
such undertakings. The directors, in their communications
with various of the landed proprietors, have found this
altered tone • and they entertain a sanguine expectation that
by the time the parliamentary session commences, they.shall
have obtained a very general concurrence in their project.
Even when least favourably regarded by landowners the con-
struction of the railway is treated merely as a question of
time. The directors, however consider, and they hope that
the legislature will consider, the proper time to be the pre-
vent time, and that no reason can be shown or exist where-
fore the connexion of Manchester and of the manufacturing
hives around should be postponed for a season. Of this, at
all events, the meeting may rest assured, that the directors
of this company, whose sphere of duty attaches also to the
Extension Railway Company, will not, whilst sustained by
the confidence of the two bodies of shareholders, be weary
of or relax in their exertions until they have succeeded in
securing a Psrliamentary sanction to the Trent line, and
have thus supplied the last link to the great chain of railway
communication from Manchester to London.

MANCHESTER AND BIRMINGHAM RAILWAY COMPANY'S
STATEMENT OF ACCOUNTS TO JULY 31st, 1838.
Receipts. Disbursements.

£. s. d

Call of £2 on 29,155
shares 58,310 0 0
Deposit of £5 each
on 338 additional
shares
Interest on calls 165 15 3
Do. front Bankers 600 4 1

X. s. d.
Advts. & printing 566 410
I Engineering and
surveying 2,694 11 11
Office expenses 239 5 7
General law
charges
Sealed certificates 1,117 12 3
Land and com-
pensation.... 12,862 7 7
Stock,viz., bricks,
furniture, &c. 5,574 17 0
Travelling ex-
penses
Direction Loop 0 0
Agencies 4B 0 0
Manchester,
Cheshire, and
Staffordshire
ltailwayCom-
pany 3,425 8 2
Banker's com-
mission
Balance inliank 32,671 17 0

£60,765 19

£60,765 19 4

NORWICH UNION LIFE INSURANCE SOCIETY,
ESTABLISHI3 kr,
CAPIT_4L,F.. ,000.
TRUSTEES.
Right Hon. the Earl of ORFORD.
Right Hon. Lord STAFFORD.
Sir HENRY .TARDINE, Knt.
EDMOND WODEHOUSE, Esq. M.P.
CHARLES SAVILL ONLEY, Esq.
JOHN WRIGHT, Esq., (Banker,) London.
EDWARD WENMAN MARTIN, Esq., &c.
Secretary.—Samuel Bignold, -Esq.
Actuary.—Richard Morgan, Esq.
IHIS Society is founded on the equitable principle of
1 mutual guarantee. The Rates of Premium (for Lives
under 45) are considerably below those of most other offices,
thus yielding an immediate advantage to parties insuring,
besides which the members enjoy the benefit of periodical
Bonuses, which have already amounted to £445.,798.
Since the Ist of January last, 440 NEW POLICIES HAVE
BEEN ISSUED, a number probably not exceeded by any other
office, and affording the most conclusive evidence of the
public confidence in this establishment.
Members of this Society applying at any of the Head
Offices, or to the Agents, may be furnished with copies of
the First Report of the Referees on the state of the Society's
affairs, as also of the original Deed of Settlement, and of
the Bylaws submitted to a General Meeting in November
last, with the Amendments proposed by a Committee of
Policy Holders appointed at such meeting.
The Board of Directors sit every Monday from twelve to
two o'clock, at the Office, in Surrey-street, but Insurances
may be effected on any other day, upon application at the
Office, where also the terms of Insurance may be had, and
every information respecting the Society obtained.
By order of the Board of Directors,
SAMUEL BIGNOLD, Secretary.
September, 1838.

RADICAL CURE OF CORNS
WITHOUT CUTTING OR THE LEAST PAIN.

MONS. J. PICARD, from Paris, has the honour to
announce to the Inhabitants of Liverpool and its
Vicinity, that he undertakes the total eradication of CORNS,
BUNIONS, and every hard substance on or between the
Toes, without cutting, by means of an Elixir of his own
composition. The operation is performed in the space of
two minutes, without the least pain, and the patient may
resume his dress and occupation, with the satisfaction of
carrying the Corn or Root in his hand.
. .

Aons: P. is in possession of a great number of flattering
testimonials, granted him in France and other foreign parts,
and by distinguished Physicians and Surgeons, which have
been given twelve months after the cure.
The Doctor wilt give attendance daily from Seven to Nine
in the Morning. and from Five to Seven in the Evening, at
his residence, Mr. Wm. 'Warburton's, 167, London-road,
near the Bath Arms Hotel.

All letters (post-paid) will be instantly attended to.

IDDROFESSOR SWEDOUR'S HYGEIAN HERB
k PILLS, for the effectual extirpation of every species
and symptom of the SYPHILITIC DISEASE, and the
disorders arising from improper treatment.
Prepared and sold by the sole Proprietor, at
No. 42, SEEL-STREET, LIVERPOOL.
In boxes at 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each.

Warranted not to contain COPAIBA, CUBEBS, or any
deleterious ingredient.
*** With each Box is given a Treatise on Venereal
and Syphilitic Diseases, with observations on seminal weak-
ness &c. &c., containing hints worth knowing by those who
are, or have been sufferers to this dreadful and devastating
malady.
Dr. DAVIESON continuesto direct his attention to those
disorders arising from the too free and indiscriminate in-
dulgence of the passions, which not only occasion a numer-
ous train of nervous affections, but also entails on its votaries
all the enervating imbecilities of old age. In that distressing
state of debility and deficiency, whether the consequence of
baneful habits, excessive drinking, or any other cause by
which the powers of the constitution become enfeebled, he
offers a firm, safe, and speedy restoration to sound and vigor-
ous health.
It is a melancholy fact that thousands fall victims to the
venereal disease, owing to the unskilfulness of illiterate men,
who, by the use of that deadly pOison, Mercury, ruin the con-
stitution. When the great Doctor Swedour became Pro-
fessor at Leyden University, he conferred an invaluable be-
nefit upon mankind by the liscovery of his grand Panacea,
for the cure of this deplorable complaint. Never did a dis-
covery excite a greater sensation, it was sought after with
avidity, and used with undeviating success in the most
minute and intricate cases of the delicate complaint. for the
cure cif which they have been so long celebrated. The fame
of these Pills throughout Germany, caused their speedy in-
troduction into almost every country. The certainty with
which they were continually administered can be attested by
many thousands. In fact, during the long continental war
they were the inseparable companion and safeguard of the
soldier, in all cases where the slightest suspicion of infection
was entertained. What medicine can be more appropriate
than te
than that which has given such general satisfaction
Hygeian Herb Pills_root out every particle of insidious
us poison,
fluids. purifying in their progress the whole mass of They
not only remove the disease, but renovate by their action
the different functions of the body expelling the grosser hu-
mours, and in a manner so mild and imperceptible as to
convince the most sceptical of their astonishing and un-
equalled powers. They neither contain mercury norany other
mineral, and may be taken without the slightest suspicion
of discovery—they require no restraint of diet, loss of time,
or hindrance of business, but effect a complete cure, without
the least exposure to the patient. A
slightest suspicion may exist, it will bet anywei periodte have
recoursewhen th e
to the Hygemn Herb Pills, for when taken before the disease
bas madeitsaiirie
appearance ceit aas a certain preventive, by
ambe
moving
gate the complaintin which many effectuallypersons haveand s
beenecretl wheny.The
visiting
g-
the proprietor, from the use of mercury, renders it impera-
tively necessary to caution the public against that dangerous
mineral when injudiciously administered.
These Pills should forrri a portion of all• Medicine Chests,
by sea and land, and ought never to be omitted by any person
going, a long voyage or journey, their properti'esiiresinsocg
that neither heat nor cold will injure their quality, or pre-
vent the due effects on the constitution.
Dr. Davieson will attend daily at his residence, from Eight
in the morniny until Ten at night, (on Sundays from Nina
till Two,) where he gives advice to all applicants taking any
ofhis preparations, WITHOUT a FEB. 1
Letters (post-paid) enclosing a remittance, answered by
return, and Medicines punctually;transmitted to any ad-
dress either by initials or name.
No. 42, SEEL-STREET, LIVERF

ROYAL. INSTITUTION, COLQUITT-STREET.
THE SOIREES for the ensuing Winter will be held on
1 the 14th November, 12th December, 16th January,
and 20th February.
Due notice will be given of the time of issuing the Tickets.
THOS. WINSTANLEY,
Treasurer and Secretary.

7th September, 1838

SAINT GEORGE'S CHURCH, EVERTON.
A SPECIAL GENERAL MEETING of the PRO!,
tl PRIETORS of this Church will be held in the
VESTRY, at Nine o'Clock on THURSDAY MORNING, the 27th
inst., for the purpose of ELECTING an ORGANIST.
THOMAS HARRIS, Secretary.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

SOUTH AMERICA

FALMOUTH, SEPT. 4.—Her ma jesi;;;Tmeket Hope, Lieu-
tenant Rees, arrived to-day from Rio, July 11th; Bahia, 20th;
Pernambuco, 29th; on freight 750,000 dollars. Among other
passengers is Dr. Mora, Private Secretary to Gen. Santa
Cruz, and now on a mission to England as Consul-General
of the Peru-Polivian Confederation. From letters received
by this packet it is learned that the visit of this gentleman,
and the business connected therewith, is of the utmost im-
portance, and connected with the existing war between the
confederation and Chili. From Valparaiso advices to the
end of May are afforded, of an expedition of 2,500 men being
in preparation to land in the north of Peru; the Chilian go-
vernment having refused its approbation to the treaty of
peace marelsetween atrati fitanen and Santa Cruz on the
lith of November. The new expedition was commanded by
General Gartnara, and the supposition that it would meet with
a warm reception iu that district would probably prove true.
The rancour existing, between the two governments may be
estimated from the fact, that Dr. Mora's arrival at the port of
Valparaiso, on board her majesty's ship Fly, excited the loud-

est expressions of dissatisfactionon the Dart of the Chilians,
and many complaints were made to Admiral Ross against
Captain Eliott for the service he had rendered, exemplifying,
as they declared, partisanship on the part of the English. Dr.
Mora, notwialitanding, was admitted as passenger on board
the Stay, BWrsti frigate, Captain Sullivan, from thence for
Rio de Janeiro. A Chilian squadron of four men-of-war was
blockading Lima; and General Santa Cruz had officially no-
tified to the foreign consuls, that the ports of the enemy would
be blockaded on August 20th. The government of the con-
federation had bought two beautiful sloop:4 of war at Balti-
more, which passed round Cape Horn in the beginning of
June General Santa Cruz was, about the 15th of May, at
Arequero, when a congress, composed of deputies of the
three confederated states, was convened to introduce some
reforms into the fundamental laws of the confederation; mean-
while, the state of trade in Peru is said to be prosperous, se-
veral large exportations of cotton being in preparation, also
of wool. A considerable cargo of quicksilver had arrived at
Arica, and it was generally calculated that during the six fol-
lowing months 5,000,000 of dollars would be coined in the
mints of Lima, Cuzco, and Potosi. It was generally be-
lieved, that the Bolivian Congress, who were accused of not
being very partial to the confederation, were anxious to afford
a proof to General Santa Cruz of their unbounded confidence
in him; and generally, the whole Bolivian nation is most en-
thusiastic in favour of their natural chief, who not only has
exhibited the solidity of his political views by the complete
pacification of Peru, but has fixed on himself the attention of
the peninsula of South America as the only man capable of
iutroducing stability and order in the country. From Buenos
Ayres accounts state that General Rossas, the president, is
at war not only with the French, but also with a very im-
portant and numerous party at Uruguay. General Ribeiro,
who commands the insurgents, had completely beaten the
troops of the government in the beginning of June; and it
was believed that Rossas would be obliged to resign his place,
or to expose himself to the vicissitudes of a bloody revolution.
—Globe.

COLONIAL INTELLIGENCE.

JAMAICA.

By the Velocity, Capt. Tatem, which arrived at this port
on Tuesday, we have received Jamaica papers of the date the
31st of July inclusive. Had this vessel remained a few hours
longer at Kingston she might have been the bearer of the
tidings which should acquaint us whether the dreaded Ist of
August had been disgraced by acts of outrage or disorder,
which it was predicted the negroes would commit, or whether
the conduct of the emancipated slaves had justified the lofty
encomiums which their deliverers have lavished on them. Our
knowledge of the issue must be furnished by a future arrival.
In the meanwhile it may not be unimportant to append the
statements with which the latest Jamaica journals supply us.
In order that they may possess themselves of such funds as
they may deem it necessary to expend on the festivities with
which the Ist of August should be honoured, the black popu-
lation have denuded their applotmebts of land of every vestige
of fruit and corn, whether it happened to be ripe or unripe.
This produce they have exposed to sale, and the proceeds will,
beyond all doubt, be most faithfully expended in maintenance
of mirth, jolity and excess. In despite of the nervous appre-
hensions in which some of the Jamaica journalists indulge,
there remains no faint nor ill-founded hope that the epoch of
the abolition of slavery will only be remarkable as a season of
warrantable conviviality and excusable carouse.
