THE WELLINGTON BANQUET.

(Abridged from the Times of Saturday.)
The grand dinner given by the Cinque Ports, in honour of
that great man and illustrious warrior the Duke of Welling-
ton, took place yesterday in the Pavilion, erected for the oc-
casion at Dover. The sensation created in that city by the
anticipation of this memorable event has been intense during
the whole of the week, and yesterday and the day before the
streets were thronged with strangers, multitudes of whom
arrived from all parts of the country to be present at the ban-
quet, and many who came late found no slight difficulty in
procuring lodgings for the night. The whole town was du-
ring yesterday in particular a scene of extraordinrry bustle
and excitement ; the morning was ushered in by ringing of
bells and firing of cannon ; and the good inhabitants had, it
would seem determined to make it a merry holyday.
The Pavilion in which the banquet was given is erected on
the Priory Meadow, directly opposite the large hall called the
Maison Dieu. This structure is composed entirely of wood,
and though the decoration of the interior of the building has
been, of course, the principal object of attention, yet the
exterior has also a very elegant appearance. The entrance to
the dihing-hall is by three distinct passages, all of which
lead to the side opposite the chairman's table. The shape of
the hall is nearly square, and the flooring of the side portions
was made to rise gradually, so as to enable the gentlemen
dining there to have an uninterrupted view of the entire scene.
A long, gallery, occupying the whole of one side, opposite the
chairman, was appropriated to the use of ladies. The Chair-
man, with his illustrious guest, and other distinguished per-
sons, sat on a raised platform at the upper end. The decora-
tions of the hall were exceedingly gorgeous and gay. Every
part of the inside of the building, with, the exception of the
roof, was covered over with pink and white striped drapery ;
and the walls at regular distances were additionally orna-
mented by a variety of escocheons, rare paintings, and tapestry.
The ceiling was divided into three distinct apartments, and
was supported by separate rows of pillars, likewise tastefully
decorated with drapery. In front of the two first rows knights
in armour were placed, and it seemed as if these mute repre-
sentatives of ancient' glory- had again assumed their mortal
forms,in order to assist in honouring the greatest warrior of
modern times. In all parts of the hall floated a profusion of
flags ; and the effect of this picturesque scene, when filled
with the company, and lighted by, the gas chandeliers, was
brilliant in the extreme. The following detailed account of
the internal arrangements and embellishments of the Pavilion
we copy from a printed paper circulated in Dover :
The Pavilion, which cannot fail to strike the spectator,
from its immense size, and the beauty and solidity of its work-
manship, has been erected at the cost of nearly £l,OOO by
Messrs. Drayson and Mackenzie, builders, from the plans,
and under the superintendence of Mr. Edmunds, of Margate,
architect. It stands, including its covered ways and entrance
lobbies, upon 20,420 feet of ground ; the area alone occupied
for'the purposes 'of the dinner being 120 by 130 feet. There
has been consumed in its erection 400 loads, or 20,000 cubic
feet of timber, and it has taken 100 men 60 days in building.
The arrival of the duke at Dover, at half-past four, was
announced by a salute of nineteen guns from the heights.
Along the entire line of streets through which he passed.
which were crowded by elegantly-dressed ladies and gentle-
men, the illustrious duke was most vociferously cheered. As
soon as he reached the Pavilion the band of the 11th Dragoons
struck up in a most effective and spirit-stirring manner, " See
the conquering hero comes." The duke, who appeared in
buoyant health and spirits, was dressed in the habiliments of
Prime Warden, and accompanied by Mr. Walker, Mayor of
Romney and Speaker of the Cinque Ports, who officiated as
chairman of the meeting. As he walked up the centre of the
Pavilion his grace was greeted with indescribable enthusiasm.
It might literally be said

"such a noise arose
" As the shrouds make at sea in a stiff tempest."

On reachipg the dais, or raised platform, dinner was imme-
diately announced..
On the right side of the chair sat his Grace the Duke of
Wellington, the Marquis of Bute, Viscount Loftus, Lord
Fitzroy Somerset, Viscount Strangford, Lord Sondes, Lord
Forester, Lord Lyndhurst, Hon. and Rev. W. Neville, Right
Hon. C. Arbuthnot, Sir F. Pollock, M.P., Hon. Colonel
Wingfield, Stratford, Hon. Robert Spencer, Sir F. Burdett,
M.P., Sir A. Murray, Bart, Sir W. Curtis, Bart., Sir W.
Young, Bart., Rear-Admiral Moore, Lieutenant-General Sir
J. Lyon, Lieutenant-General Gosselin, Lieutenant-General
Montresor, Lieutenant-General Ashe, Rev. Drs. Knox and
Molesworth, J. P. Plumpton, M.P., Captain Boldero, M.P.,
R. Rushbrooke, M.P., and Mr. H. C. Hoare.

On the left 'side of the chair sat the Rev. John Maule,
Earl Cardigan, Earl Brecknock, Viscount Canterbkry,
Viscount Marsham, Lord Maryborough, Lord Wharncliffe,
Lord Brougham, the High Sheriff, General the Hon. Sir
Edward Paget, the Right Hon. Sir Edward Knatchbull,
M.P., Mr. Justice Williams, the Hon. and Rev. Staple-
ton, the Hon. and Rev. W. Eden, Sir Arthur Hazlerigg,
Bart., Sir P. P. Acland, Bart., Sir J. Croft, Bart., Vice Ad-
miral Sir T. Baker, Colonel W. C. Snlith, Colonel Sir W.
Warre, Lieutenant-General Sir F. Mulcaster, Mr. F. Bon-
ham, M.P., Mr. J. Palmer, M.P., Mr. Lowther, M.P., &c.
The Rev.J. MAULE said grace.
After dinner Non nobis was sung in excellent style by
Messrs. Clifton, Hawes, Bellamy, Ferrall, Hawkins, Hobbs,
Fitzwilliam, Broadhurst, Chapman, and eight gentlemen of
the Canterbury choir.

The gallery appropriated to the musicians was occupied by
the band .of the 11th Light Dragoons, who, during the festi-
val, performed several favourite airs. _

The CHAIRMAN, on the sound of the trumpet, rose and
proposed " The Queeja ! a long - and happy life to her, and
may she ever reign inithe hearts of her people !"—(Cries of
" IlraYo !")
Theitoast was drunk with great enthusiasm.
" God save the, Queen," with a chorus of the whole as-
sembly,.
The Marquis of•Brrrt had the honour of proposing " The
health ef the Queen Dowager, and the rest of the Royal
FainilY. ?
Thetbast Wiig teceivedwith great enthusiasm.
Glee." Health to,Que,en, Adelaide."
Lord BizeueirAth,'-whe, on being announced, was greeted
ivitlilminenAe ar.plditse,'Said—l rise to perform th duty
• whiphi has bee,n cast uporeme, and to enjoy the honour I feel
myTellow-Citlieng'have bestowed upon me ; and, although I
rani well Aithre that ohlt-tteh an occasion as that of this day's
tolmnity,,no.man has a right to retain any personal feelings
on his own behalf,' but that all private and selfish and indivi-
&jai considerations are necessarily absorbed in the celebration
• igthi,a,great4lay, and inhoapnr of this great man (loud cheers)
—yet, I feel' that, palled upon as I haVe been, and standing
qb Oaterm thii' 'grateful and 'honourable duty, it would be
affectation—it would,be ingratitude—it would be insolent in-
gratitude—ifthese I w
feelingsere not
which
to e xp express thereign
p r feelingsedo m predominant
nwthiin y
ochglliowr
s.,
within my bosom, at being 'made the humble instrument of
It is these feelings that. bear me up against all the difficulties
of the poSition in which 'your choice has placed me. (Hear,
.:hear,), fiErieugh for my own- feelings:—now: for my mighty
subject, (Cheers.) Yet the choice you have made of your
instrument and organ as it were on this occasion, is not un-
counepted with that subject; for it shows that on this day,
and on this occasion, all personal, all political feelings are
quelled (hear, hear)=all strife' of party is hushed, and that
weare,incapAle, whatever our opinions may be, of refusing
toelinowledge transcendant merits, and denying that we
feet'lWirresisti hie iinpulSe Of unbounded gratitude. (Cheers)
And ,I therefore have 'been asked to do this service, as if to
show that no difference on subjects, however important—no
long course cf opposition, however contrasted on public prin-
cipleno political hostility (for any other than political never
could be felt) (cheers)-Tnot even long inveterate habits of
publiP opposition—are able so 'far to pervert the nature, so
far to 'stifle the natural feelings of our hearts; so far to ob-
scure, our reason, as to prevent us from feeling, as we ought,
boundless gratitude for boundless merits (immense cheering)
—to pluck from our minds an admiration proportioned to
such transcendant genius in peace and war of him who is
our guest; or to 'lighten and alleviate that painful feeling,
that deep sense -whith•the mind never can get rid of when it
is overwhelmed with a load of gratitude—a debt too bound-
less to b 9 repaid.' (Loud cheers) Party—the spirit of party
may do'muchi but it cannot so far bewilder the memory and
pervert the the judgment and quench and stifle the warmth
of the natural affections, and eradicate from our bosoms those
' feelings Which do us the most honour and are the most una-
voidable, and, as it were, dry up the kindly juices of the heart,
and with its fell malignance influence on other occasions, it
cannot sa far dry up those juices as to parch it like the very
charcoal, and render it almost as black.• (Loud cheers.)
What else have I to do if I had all the eloquence of all the
tongues that ever were attuned to speak ? what else can I do,
and how would a thousand words, and all the names that
can be named, speak so powerfully, or even the tongue of an
angel speak so powerfully, as that very one word-L-Sir Arthur
Wellesley, Duke of Wellington (loud cheering)—the hero
of an hundred fields, in all of which his banner has waved in
triumph (cheers) ; who never—l invoke both' hemispheres,
bear witness Europe, bear witness Asia—who never advanced
but to cover his arms with glory (cheers)—mighty captain,
' who never advanced but to be victorious—mightier captain,
who never retreated but to eclipse the glory of his advance
'(loud and deafening cheers)—performing the yet harder task
of unwearied patience, of indomitable fortitude, of exhaust-
less resources, of transcendent skill—the wonders, the mira-
cles of moral courage never yet subdued—despising all that
thwarted him with ill-considered advice—neglecting all hos-
tility, so he knew it to be groundless—leaving to scorn re-
viling enemies, jealous, competitors, lukewarm friends—aye,
hardest of all, to neglect—despising eveh a fickle public (loud
cheers)—casting his eye forward, as a man ought, else he de-
serves not to command men—casting his eye forward to the
time when that Momentary fickleness of the people would
pass away ; well 'knowing that in the end the people is al-
ways just to merit:. (Loud cheers.) No doubt, men are apt
t6' be misled by the lewd -Yoice of faire; and to confound to-
gether the landmarks that separate the departments of human'
merit ; often-they may be taken in with the tinsel and the
glitter, rather than attend to the die which guarantees the
purity of the coin, and the weight which is the test of its
value. 'Oftentimes you hear them praise, justly no doubt,
Martial deeds of high ernprize ; and devoting their admira-
Aion and lavishing- their applause on the conqueror's success
.1-on a well-foughten field ; but if Salamanca, and if Talavera,
andif Vimeira, and if the Douro and Assaye, and Toulouse,
''inif Waterloo -(vehement cheering)—if these dazife upon the
'-medallion which attempts, and vainly attempts, to perpetuate
his fame, sober-minded and reflecting men will pause ere
they hold that these are the greatest achievements of his life.
(Loud cheers.) The reflecting mind will look back, and will
point the admiring look to a contemplation of Torres Vedras,
the Well and long-sustained lines, and battles, and victories
gained in adverse circumstances, such as the splendid achieve-
ments of Busaco. (Loud and continued cheering.) All re-
flection teaches us that that is the very test of genius which
showsits resources to be of inexhaustible fertility in difficul-
ties (cheers)—which shows its movements to be nimble and
swift as lightning, altering with varying circumstances—
which shows a firmness; an almost superhuman firmness, to
keep by its own counsel, and look forward to the success it
feels and knows it has earned. (Loud cheers.) But that is
a moral courage 'of a higher nature than any that is known or
comprehensible by the, vulgar brain. (Loud cheers.) To
whom are we to compare this warrior—this great statesman?
(loud cheers.)-4ho has surpassed Marlborough in the field
--who has surpassed Temple in negotiation—who stands
worthy to be ranked as a statesman, and higher praise there
istione--werthy to be ranked with the illustrious head of his
noble house—the greatest statesman of the age he adorns.
(Loud cheers.) When I said I had but to pronounce a
single name and my task was done, much more may it be
asked why, having enlarged a little further on this fruitful
topic—this topic of inexhaustible fertility—why I still per-
severe and ,i-o on ? - On ! there is a pleasing satisfaction to
the mind inb-rettecting-upon-all his great merits • and ib is be-
cause I feel there is at this moment but one individual of the
vast, the countless Multitude I am addressing, to whom it is
not grateful that ,I persist in these observations. (Loud
cheers.) I willingly run the risk, or rather encounter the
certainty of giving that one individual uneasiness, than avoid
going on when I know that all desire to linger a little longer
in dwelling upon so marvellous a history. (Loud cheers.)
Shall I then go back to former ages, and ask if there
be any comparison of MS victories with those of Cresar—
who, if he equalled him in any, surpassed him in but one
particular, and that the worthless accomplishment of prac-
tised oratory ; he, our guest, being also in his own person,
as I, by long experience and observation, can attest, among
our most powerful; most efficient, and most successful deba-
ters ?. (Loud cheers;) Julius Cnsar led the disciplined and
• accoMplished armies of Rome through the almost unresist-
ing medium of savages without knowledge, without disci-
pline, without rule, without art—ill commanded and worse
equipped. He led his Roman legions through them almost
'as a boat cuts through the wave, or an eagle cleaves the air;
and it was only after he had brought them back in triumph,
and inured them to war by many campaigns, that for the
first time he met a disciplined force, but Under a warrior
exhausted by years, and crossed that river which all the con-
fidence of all the armies in the world would never once have
tempted our illustrious' chief even to let a thought cross his
mind that he should ever dream of crossing it—l mean that

rubicon which separates the obedient, the peaceful, the loyal
citizen from the traitor to his country and the usurper.
(Loud and continued cheering.) Shall the compassion be
made or hinted at, only in order instantly to be dismissed,
with the greatest of all the captains in antiquity—l mean the
Carthagenian leader ? But his consummate talents were de-
based, and their extraordinary growth was stunted and stifled
by an undergrowth of the most abominable vices that can
debase or deprave humanity. Or shall it be the modern chief
—the greatest next to him of modern warriors? But he,
Napoleon, commanded, and did not conflict with the armies
of France •, he commanded, and did not meet in battle his
own disciplined marshals ; but our chief, after defeating all
those marshals, one after another (loud cheers), ended his
glorious career by overthrowing that chief himself. (Long-
continued cheers.) But it is as true—it is a more striking
truth, and it is more useful to all public purposes, to contem-
plate that I should recollect the other, the vaster difference
which operates those chiefs of ancient days, and of other
countries by an impassable gulf from ours ; they were con-
querors inflamed with the thirst of ambition ; they spilt
rivers of blood to attain their guilty end ; they were tyrants,
and nothing could satiate their ambition at home but the
slavery of their fellow-creatures, as nothing could satiate it
abrout but the deluge they poured out of their blood. (Loud
cheers.) Our chief has never drawn his sword but in that
defensive war, which alone of all warfare is not a great crime.
(Cheers.) He has never drawn his sword against the liberty
of any people (cheers), but he constantly unsheathed it, and
blessed be. God, he has triumphantly unsheathed it, to secure
the liberty of all. (Loud and vehement cheering.) The ser-
vant of his Prince to command his troops, but the soldier
and' defender of his country (loud cheers) ; the enemy of
her enemies, be they foreign or be they domestic (loud
cheers) ; but the fast friend of the rights of his fellow-sub-
jects, and the champion of their lawful constitution. (Loud
cheers.) The temptest which resounded all over the world
is now, thanks to him, hushed; the shock which made the
thrones of Europe to quake, and the horns of the altar them-
selves to tremble, has, thanks to him, expended its force.
(Cheers.) We may, thanks to him, expect to to pass the
residue of our days without that turmoil of war in which our
youth was brought up ; but if ever the materials of some fell
explosion should once more be be collected by human wick-
edness in any quarter of the globe—if the hushed tempest
should again break loose from its cave—if the shock which
is felt not now should once more make our institutions to
quiver, happy this nation that knows to what wise counsels
to look. (Loud cheers.) Happy the Sovereign that has at
his command the right arm that has carried in triumph the
English standard all over the globe (loud cheers)—happy the
people who may yet again confide, not their liberties indeed,
for that is a trust he would spurii froin him with indigna-
tion—but who would confide in his matchless valour for their
safety against all the perils which Providence may yet have
in store for them. (Loud cheers.) You of the Cinque Ports
stand at the advanced post of danger ; if that danger should
ever approach, through your lines the enemy that may dare
to defile our shores must pierce; and over your bodies I
know he wilfwalk should he pursue his career towards the
heart of the realm. But upon whom have we placed the
command, and who is he whom we oppose face to face to the
peril ? As some gallant ship which is destined to convey the
thunders of England against any hostile. Power has planted
on her prow the image of a Nelson or a Jervis, but only, as
they have been taken from us, to remind their descendants
of their great feats in arms, and to stimulate them to exer-
tion, whereby those feats may be emulated, so have you not
the lifeless image but the living warrior—the conqueror of a
hundred fields—planted on the outermost point of the is-
land—on the advance posts—in face and front of all enemies—
to command you, to encourage his country, to make his
Sovereign secure, to make the independence of England per-
petual, and to hurl as great .dismay among all ranks of the
land troops as the canon and the might of Nelson and Jervis
hurled defiance and destruction a nong the fleets of our ene-
mies. (Loud cheers.) Then would be seen—what God for-
bid I should ever live to witness the necessity of, or feel the
occasion for—then would be seen what is needless and super-
flous—Wellington coming forth a veteran warrior to add one
bright page more to the history of his imperishable renown.
(Loud cheers.) The noble and learned lord concluded by
giving the " Health of the Duke of Wellington," wh'ch
was responded to with an intensity of enthusiasm which
beggars all description.
The Duke of WELLINGTON then rose and said—" Mr.
Speaker, my Lords, and Gentlemen, I beg leave to return my
thanks for the honour which you have done me in drinking
my health. I have likewise to return my thanks to the noble
and learned lord, who, I hope, will allow me to call him my
noble and learned friend (cheers), for the manner and for the
terms which he has used in recommending to you the ser-
vices in which I have been employed by the Government of
this country. My lords and gentlemen, I have likewise to
express my grateful acknowledgment to you for having invit-
ed me to be a guest at this magnificent festival. (Loud
cheers.) My Lords and gentlemen, my noble and learned
friend has stated to you with great truth, that there are times
and circumstances in which, and under which, all feelings of
party, all party animosities, all description of political feel-
ing must be laid aside. (Hear, hear.) I must do my noble
and learned friend the justice to say that for years and years
there has been nothing of that description in social life as be-
tween him and me, although it is certainly true that I have
had the misfortune of differing in opinion from my noble and
learned friend on many essential points of internal, and pos-
sibly of other descriptions of policy. But, my lords and gen-
tlemen, I am afraid that notwithstanding the cordiality in
which' I have always lived with you, and notwithstanding my
anxious wish to co-operate with all of you in the public ser-
vice, in which you have all been employed, I may happen,
and I know I do happen,. to differ with many of you on sub-
jects of political interest to the country. Nevertheless, my
noble and learned friend judges of you correctly when he
states that such feelings of difference would not prevent you,
as they have not prevented you, from doing me the honour
of inviting me to this festival, and bringing here to meet me
not only the 'whole of this interesting county, but also persons
from, all parts of England, and even from abroad. (Cheers.)
Therefore my noble and learned friend does justice to you as
well as justice to myself, and to every individual present at
this meeting, when he says that there are occasions, as well
in relation to individuals as in relation to questions of public
interest and service, in which all feelings of party politics must
he laid, aside, in order to carry on the public service to
the greatest advantage for the public interest. (Hear, hear.)
My lords and gentlemen, I have had sufficient experience in
public life to know that this must be the case ; and I am con-
vinced that it is that feeling which gives rise to the desire
' which you feel to pay a tribute of respect to ihe-person filling
the office of your Lord Warden ; and it is the knowledge that
that tribute of respect is likely to excite others to perform
their duty, who may hereafter have to discharge the func-
tions of this office, which has induced you to give me this
magnificent reception on the present occasion. (Hear, hear.)
It is true, my lords and gentlemen, and I'am perfectly aware
of it, that the office which I. have the honour to fill is neither
so efficient as it was in fornier times, and under other circum-
stances of the maritime power and resources of this country :
nor do the duties necessary bang the person who performs
the duty of the office so frequently into relation with all parts
of the country, and all the towns committed to his jurisdic-
tion, as they did in former times. (Hear.) But I am, and
have always been, frequently in communication with all parts
Of this district upon their local interests and relations, and I
am at all times ready to attend to every thing upon which
they may think that I can render any service, or can in any
manner be useful to them. (Cheers.) I trust every one
who hears me is convinced of that fact, and that no one would
scruple of any time, if he thought I could render assistance
to any of the Cinque Ports to call upon me for any service it
may be in my power to render. (Loud cheers.) I beg that
on this, as upon other points, all consideration of party—all
considerations of political opinions may be laid aside (cheers)
for in all matters of public duty of this description, holding,
as I do, my office under the crown, I consider it my duty to
do everything in my power for the service of the public, and
of each individual part of the jurisdiction which has been
placed under my charge. (Loud cheers.) I beg once more
to return you my best thanks for the honour you have done
me, and to drink all your good healths. (Loud and continued
cheering.)
Viscount STRANGFORD proposed " The health of His Ex-
cellency M. Dedel, and the foreigners who have honoured
the day with their presence."
The toast was drank wilh great applause.
M. Dedel returned thanks.
Song—" Swearing death to traitor slave."
Mr. RICE, M. P. for Dover, proposed the toast of " Lord
Minto, and the Navy."
The toast was drunk with great enthusiasm.
Glee—" Rule Briannia."
Sir T. BAKER returned thanks.
Sir J. R. REID proposed the next toast—" Lord Hill and
the Army."
Chorus—" Vive le Roi."

The Duke of WELLINGTON rose amidst loud plaudits to
acknowledge the toast, and spoke as follows .—Mr. Speaker,
my Lords, and gentlemen,—Though I have so lately ad-
dressed you on my own behalf, and in the,character bf Lord
Warden of the Cinque Ports, and have returned you my
thanks for your favourable reception of me as your guest at
this splendid festival, I do not and cannot forget that I am
an officer of the army (cheers) whose services you have
been pleased to notice by the manner in which you received
the last toast. As one of the company, I entirely concur
with the hon. gentleman who proposed that toast, in the
opinion he expressed of the merit and services of the army,
and its claim to your notice and on the part of the members
of that profession, as well as on my own. I beg leave to re-
turn you their and my own grateful acknowledgements.
There are no men in the community more desirous than they
are of the approbation of their fellow-citizens, feeling, as
they must do, that they have deserved that approbation, and
there was no body of individuals in the country more grate-
ful for the manner in which you have expressed your public
approbation of them. (Loud cheers.)
Sir F. BURDET+ rose to propose the next toast, and was
received with loud clapping of hands and cheering. On
account of the distance at which we were placed from the
hon. baronet, we regtet to say that we were unable to follow
-his observations continuously. He began by saying, that in
all the struggles in which be had been engaged from his ear-
liest youth, he had always (tb compare small things with,
great) endeavoured to act like the noble duke their illustri-
ous guest, and to perform his duty, looking neither to the
right nor to the left. (Hear.) So much had been said of
the great Duke who had honoured them on this occasion
with his presence, that it might seem impossible to say more;
but there was no end to the ample theme. (Cheers.) Had
all the sands upon their shores the gift of eloquence which
had been so lavishly displayed by the noble and learned lord
near him, there would be ample room to employ it. The
great duke was not a person of any party in particular ; he
was of any party that would act honestly, and for the honour
of their country; and such was the course he (Sir F. Bur-
dett) endeavoured to follow, for he too pretended to be a
man of no party. (Cheers.) Let the politics of gentlemen
be what they might, if they were honest and true-hearted
Englishmen it was enough. (Hear, hear.) The great duke's
fame was inseparably united with that of the country ; his
fame spread as far as the ocean rolled ; it was a possession
that no imbecility, misconduct, or want of patriotism in
others could endanger. He (Sir Francis) was not given in
any degree to a desponding mood when he thought of the
country; but, certainly, the position in which England was
now placed, must appear marvellous, indeed, to other na-
tions, when governed by an administration that derived no
aid from the transcendant qualities of the noble duke—the
great talents, acknowledged by the whole world, of the noble
and learned ord who had addressed them—the conspicuous
business-like talents of the great leader of the House of
Commons, Sir Robert Peel. (Loud cheers.) He recollected
Fox, Pitt, Wyndham, and Sheridan, the greatest men of the
times; but he ventured to say, that this country had never
possessed a man of more practical business-like talents than
Sir R. Peel. (Great cheering.) He had almost forgotten
to mention one great name—as great a statesman probably
as this or any other nation ever produced--he meant the
name of Wellesley, who had filled mosf important situations,
and received from age nothing but wisdom and experience.
(Loud cheers.) Was it not, then, extraordinary that there
should exist an administration sufficiently confident and
sufficiently bold not to avail itself, or allow the country to
avail herself, under circumstances of the greatest possible
difficulty, of the services of any of those great men of
talent ? (Some hisses, followed by loud cheers.) It was
astonishing that any set of men should be found ready
to incur such a transcendent degree of responsibility, by
bringing the country into the greatest possible embar-
rassment. The despatches of the noble duke, which had
lately been published, contained a very faithful picture of
the whole of the noble duke's course of action, and he
was sure that thousands of young hearts now beating in this
country would draw from them lessons of true wisdom and
prudence. He felt be was detaining them too long, remem-
bering that when " the well-graced actor quits the stage"
the prattle of his successor seems tedious. (Hear, hear.)
The toast he had to propose was, " The Judges of the land
and the bar." Never, he was happy to say, had England
been more favourably situated in respect to the men who

Ftficlihlonul
alearlr
gdue
judges
titetshhoaeefnd and
judiciali‘
,fkoiirrn were.gmpsafet:arnmnti ibnaooevbnfrio,tdovoihoenrou.tisolsuo trrsushptrhoei
cespaie:nliwndbn,ea osawcnwpei
dedor a:,
liafrpr uitbde
, co
ld na e d ia'
rar og
oselect any two as samples of the rest, without incurring W.
dependent demeanour of the bench he woulfdeatralek7irravgerestt
comare to the fearless manner in which some of e,!isroilea
admirals had advanced to break an enemy's line, pre it
by opposition, from whatever quarter it might Pre'el',.ontel
It was not the fault of the judges if the peace of the c°
It rosil
aww:sas iotpapirreesde.rve(d., and the
opoedrsoolnleealrss.ecurli‘tl,b'
aetf, eteeeni;,osol
England, and k, was liberty but law ? Where there was not a str° could
strict system of l
be no •fi eedom. (Hear, hear.) Law the (roverr°l' We
`vas t., ~,o,
cethteised at the boo:
were slaves to the law—it was a wise saying--in °r 'ill°
we might be free. (Hear, hear.) Law, it and
paid'l.o 00:
vteornwm•hei cal every man
(lb::
se (il
r,
etehueudre_e:ttt 03:
Rex Loquens—there was no other sovereign, aullgities 0
42fenacting law was so wisely guarded that the liberties of
eßritain could neither be whirled away in the toad,ll throne'
cl_Hemowcoruacmy,nnoowr tdroradwdenthupon. by o.ppressitoin.from t.er, • - tbe
toast he had the honour teo
ht e was proud of the administration of the law, but
wse,d.
here were abuses in it, which it was the duty
.of, rsclito s
ministration to have removed, instead of bringlin I°. ll'e
variety of measures founded on speculative notioT•iges of
hon. baronet concluded by giving the
.toast of the Juu,ters.
t was honoured with great h
attentionpropose. of
As
alio.Eninegeitiisahnhseiogotew
the land and the Bar
The toast
forSwirhFich we have no room.
, which was received
F. Pommex returned thanks for the bar. , Ivre'
Several other toasts were proposed,c
and speeches
ue '
, sto
.ngwith load e.,

. _._ ___ _____
been - or
A bronze medal, designed by Mr. Wyr.in has the 004 e
to commemorate this splendid banquet given by o,e, of Of
Ports to their illustrious Lord Warden. The eh'e - tiro.°
medal is a head of the noble duke. The reverso,.4, oa 3
Dover Castle, with the arms of the Cinque p r''
suitable inscription.
MISCELLANEOUS. . tise
i tour In
The veteran Braham is making a theatrical
north of Ireland. ur of Iry
The new protest of the Hanoverians, in fall° aler•
constitution of 1833, has been rejected, iv;
the Germanic diet.---Cassel Gazette.
--Tbe ifil t 4
YORK AND NORTH MIDLAND RAILWAY• and ''.
of the second line of rails is proceeding rapidly,
0,0005'
completed from York to the junction in about lo I boo,
The Earl of Burlington, ac d' to report, i 3, 'OOO3
coring . ,rsto
commence digging iron and copper ore at, it
will also extend the slate quarry operations n F.-. L_ were
In July last, 25 newplays, the works f 45 authnTeatres
0 22 ti• ~
brought out by the theatres of Paris. There are
the g.ate,
daily open within the gates of Paris, and eight at wer•
i iiu".th $
Mr. Hague is the engineer employed by the We,,,, in ~,,
land Railway committee to survey Morecambe -°`
..deo I,
view to its embankment. He has favourably reporte
practicability of that noble undertaking. there
' - t Ore .1,
PROSPERITY OF STOCKPORT.—At the pre,en ~ the et„,
are no less than 2000 cottage houses unoccuied!'„`o,Flll°-
like the tot
ough; and it is a fact,- that no fewer tlian 200 I),e'.trilli3' ~
emigrated within the last few months for South -ttill' etlilYil!
The number of recruits which arrive et Chathlloyinarceoi
very great. Parties of 70 to 100 each are almost
111100 .;e_.,.
ing in, and the old sergeants who have the care 0 6010
to have enough to do to keep them in order.--en napoleon
-hieh bee°
The skeleton of Marengo, the barb horse, v• has
rode at Waterloo and at most of his great
presented to the museum of the United Service $ la, of °
in Middle Scotland yard, by Lieut. Col. AngerSle ,45
battle,s;stitati.6
,
_ Grenadier Guards. 01)1.4;
EARL GREY.—It is remarkable that this a,_ this I,:not
never once opened his lips in the House of that _ ho.,
the uoi''
and it is affirmed by the Newcastle Journal thliojegB 0.,
mh eakn eo ti
tt the moral
of f
ti the policy
yoo
uloi
even supported Lord Melbourne by any vote., :I 11',,e, $
approveshowever is surely a poor comromise for uti'Y'at, sc''' 01
Tie
icp• aypgooesfitnoogudrtehcal Presentareobis:
~,,aoacnieee
AN EXAMPLE TO ALL PARTIES IN THE `-'I have gen.
Bowling Iron Works Company, near Brailf°r"ttion iia The
a munificent donation of £4OOO towards the ereworlvs• Joi•
dowment of a church in the vicinity of their\ 1815013, iv
Company, consisting of J. G. Paley, Thomas ' hitve.eicor
Pollard, and John and Joseph Sturges, EsqrS:, „hey
handsomely placed the presentation in the hands or i•
beer
of Bradford.—Leeds Intelligencer• e .
• , „,ded,ll Or"
THE WESLEYAN MISSION SHIP•—lt iS line, f the ,ting.
to hold a valedictory service next week at one °t jutet'bt $
leyan Chapels in this city, on a novel and rons..ehaied this
occasion. The mission ship Triton, recently PO%l frnliet?
grant from the centenary fund, is intended t° 'eat °he
port next week. The Triton will bear to differ„ and I'eo.
fourteen missionaries, seven of whom have wive", for die
SOW' re
lies ; some are for the Cape of Good HoPe, whe
Zealand, and others for the Friendly Islands, 0
°?ZarrippiPreobation,
Triton will be stationed.—Bristol Standard. c ice bitpt
THE PORTUGUESE WINE TRADE.-We regace' si4
order, signed by the Portuguese Minister of e y0r1,11,1
the memorial of,Messrs. Osborn Brothers to ti!ahst.l, ~,, 0
Government has been successful." The rnerlif 'the Pra'ole,lll
be remembered, are Oporto merchants, an rt wive "in
their petition was that the second quality of Pe aelieeL,gt,
be permitted to be exported from the Douro to.,oner-'
British vessel, by paying an ad valorem duty °I ~poo'
according to a debree of the sth .11lay,1837• barley'rialoe'i
A new variety of barley, named Provident itel '',re`'.
growing on a piece of landbelong• , to Mr. -arbue et/ the
o ttl
of Westbury. It is of a very prolific n
OWN' wbole 0
it has this year produced 140 stalks, „d the
aik, ffn
piece will fully average half that number of st :i•
re-'
the corn sown. be 11°tga Oillii
Mr. Walter's cause in Southwark apPears to,, oe , I.
ing, meetings having been held and committees ttlire ftlatto en'
'vacs the bourough. His early appearance i,',l ,to W
Si O
the complete organisation of his friends, will " ,:ths e
sure his success. __ , • the
.„. x.oie beat,' oi
FLUCTUATION OF PUBLIC-HOUSE TI:ICA- C ill'''- oir
last ty Paq 1.4
annual licensing day, no fewer than six ,00 ;,„te 8,
in this town have changed occuno very'v" Fes.
ants,p , Then ,;,,e0
of the prosperity
or stability of the trade' ghoP ' Itr
been a great number of traders for beer - lip'
Preston Chronicle. Tbe Dei'l
..,,.. -;6.---, a 5 et,
GREAT WESTERN HALF-YEARLY IVIS•""1 110:''f.:;fr rt
yearly meeting of the proprietors of this cogriceitoe;
on Wednesday, in the Merchants' Hail, ' il• t co-.
Bristol. The chair was taken by W. U. SiTrslie rel'clOti°e'
Bright, P
—sq., acted as deputy-chairman. - t.,eoP! , The
tamed much interesting information relative to Dt,tfio•
to or
of the company, especially between Bristol andsi, 0040jelof
receipt for passenger traffic during the 1.5 t numbert
far
the present year, wile the line was opened a 5 far
iii ,
head, shows a very considerable increase. ~_ 1. lr''coa,l
passengers conveyed from Jul • to Decen'Q`l ' The,,r se.,
222,018, and from January toY June 25'c,dp.forill-of eli
parative receipts being £3.7,314 18s for t"- ape jaPecii
£43,491 Os 7d in the latter case. The daily oded, $l2OOl 'i
sengers has been- 1428 in the half yearjust eniiiie, 00,011 i
a calculation made by the total number nte,l. do troaelll,i;e
there has been an average of 1085 persons eac.% tk col tebe
the whole length of the line. There ceiPt;l6,s iktfor to
department to the 30th June are X43,49i
net preAPciitiolive
charge upon them £25,020 9s 4d, leaving a ill 11" g Ail.
six months of £18,470 Ils 3d, which o°' leto;eiherli
X 18296, the profit for evios ovi•
seven months Pr ~.t6 766. a 0,;-,41'
lance of revenue in that d t tor 'an ei" $
epar men iv tio "iv
way was opened to Twyford on the Ist of cell-tie- tie- et "y)
the time has been too short to admit of an; s-osioai;alkiiii
culation of the advantage arising from its ete, iti3S kefil 'toe
comparison of the months of July in they eari%er Pereat!':ii3.
respectively, it appears that while in the for of two• 10,
passengers travelled daily the whole distaileethe lgt oeilli '°
miles between London and Maidenhead ° t' tY'O i' 1,
• , o . To. ,e,
have travelled daily the whole distance of ioel, vosi'„,ill
between London and Twyford. The long tut, iii ila 1050
completed : of the second, only a few yards re°l,4" Fr°,,,inieli
The third will be finished in about two nionths•tottil4co„
to the Box tunnel no difficulties appear
arethel,o3.lhe,i;il
of the cuttings on this distance of 74111iles orcls• jai° 0
yards, with a short tunnel of two hundred Y d. Aea Of
tunnel was stated to have been much advarl:ceexPectweredll
shafts have been sunk, by which the work '52,:3,30ge,e5e.
much facilitated. Of the 25,000 half. shares7es an eatro to
cepted by the proprietors of the original alitlrd o'f I'l (11!1.); rr
number remaining, are proposed to be dispose 6,0, ii'l,in? to
A series of questions were put to the chairiorerpool,olo od,
Mr. Brunel, by L. Heyworth,r , dheo",'eiillots
ferende to various items in the exPeat.."—;,eoille,; se'de'
the time when certain portions of the line hich oit-i. A1:100'
Mr. Hayworth objected tothe r Y in W.-- 17' "l'-.(4. 'il
via. ted 30 0 t
were kept, in which view he was sup Per the for, aftlisJ
of Liverpool. The Chairman stated that re
there remained unpaid on the £65 per sharel; portlvoia',,d
of £24,000 : but that since that period, o_o ivas,,eoai`j
amOunt had been paid up. The Box On", was ti'ld estrum
to cost 1:270,000. The adoption of the reprLc,ees, si give
by Mr. Heyworth, and seconded by .INlr. llge,,dialbr 0
•iiig''
unanimously. A vote of thanks was verY 00 ~;,
the Chairman, and the meeting separated. woe. erv:,lB
of i- ino' tiv
LORD "MOUNT EAGLE."—The Ga: ll! 0 lib The idir
recorded the elevation of Mr. Spring, 41,1a:rage!, sicia`!,./
alias " Superficial Inch" Rice—to theiPi Lert'Alr•Pf.,l9ll
he has chosen is Lord Monteagle l Baaiiotgo--L'iils*,,teer,,
goose had been a more appropriate one. -", of 'Blare-'-'i' er,
by whatever appellation—go to the Hrlf_A the th ,oo'
and your colleagues have sufficiently (firm" NaYiob of:irell
benches in that House for your receptiVe* a hnirdi-entiabl;'
be no doubt that you will even tower, 11''' hticalllt e5,140,'
less notorious weeds, over the rest of ther °t atigat 0 ole i r
who have been bundled in batches into than
slot 1
es 00f toe
by the pitchfork which yon have yottrsel„t, assisted yes
for the last nine years, and by vvhich Y')" way
.;ties er'"o
unceremoniously hoist you out of their,.
entre';lol; t've,
Exchequer, after having denied to Y.ell o---thcjit-'4°,te
your tears the great object of your ambit
~ite riot
0 dle'
of the House of Commons. They were 111 to tra
,t,,
l' F the
would have made, if possible, a moie content Lie,rdebip ill
Speaker than you have made as mirdater.u. your 'lea, to °lie
goose, go the Lords pitchforked with ! , are lc! Ant'orr e
nours thick upon you. To the public Learrons: foe,oast
most inefficient—and in the House ofel-',F,Olonial,:idocoh a%
who have had dealings with you at th ,`_-'utgia, ,„eliigtn'e,s
Treasury, you are known for the most so 000 tro,ffereijog
that ever brought discredit and disgrace,es haveibtol i'°./
important offices which your col"-roglried suolejohiro%
for a time to fill. Even they—unPri,nevrit 8.51'3,,,a' toit'i,e
they are—have become not only tireu,
roster 4io in to ti;
and it will never be forgotten that You! •otions,l4llloe-
eaniel O'Connell—loade cudgelled with 'Wince a , -clic
vil:ngs, and cuffed and Yea 51,00 0' roei,
benches of the Commons to the very doe 4
tinfue,
.--; ,e,
Of Peers.— Times. 5ct1f14,14.; oe,eo 0
THE GOVERNMENT EDUCATION , of, t0.,,ci0ti...-00r,
indication were needed of the real olkief' the ad, Tepeoovo
education scheme, it would be found olds is of the
Mr. Thomas Wyse to be one of the :I,,,qbe suet,kl Trial°,
for the purpose, it would seem, of Pla,citngis we argen the wilithe
of the new plan in his hands. 13i-a" .f jog to.;,ritideolci rsl
of the government organs will be pie
%Great Pi on „ciaP„f
of education ! The Protestant peoPle:)ttioo • anhe 0'011,"0
doubt feel the full force of the t000b,,, itieeiciebt
~,hocit
Privy Council succeed in its attemPta._ioo, WI tbe4for,i,
schools of England to such a suPervio copeeithertt.xofswetif
course be proportionably increased- 1
'ai SonieY' ce f l'etja(l'
which are in union with the Nation' wool no ors cop,
their shares of the•
grant, or submit tet. all chaNsyse/.0 Otiie
.• .c thew ° f 'qr. t to e
natinK, is virtually to depri% . 1,, o •.- or •.0 pi
from the measure. The qualificatio , , yodh mitaloe _,4,'
jutors have been fully tested by Lori', igire,t
.-r„ ia,,, ocro
OIS nt
ject, therefore, the nationals elf° t notief,:iii tliclo ti en
invidious meddling of such a jar B's-cye 'ite,) ruelleol'
influence of Popish intrigue (for air. ate „la
age,. ipc,, 5,f
Mr. O'Connell's representative inea disco han7B;o°Liiv
inflict another " heavy blow and gre it ouclereco. tfie.dt
the Protestant Church ; and to Pla_., ..,, to easnre'breLjee
peteut to the management of it 'l";"this 1.04 {lto i•.`'diee,
were the objections originally agny•bes's, siceic:oteioia Owe'
trigue which has marked its PY°g out, i$ ca we p'`ltil sae. d'e,
under the consideration of Wham°
_.„ „arts,oloo
vojeAroe
it even more obnoxious. For ouoir•
dw" v }
Brougl„hich,i, of (10,5
submit to the wild chimera I; cotenant systein tel e> tii.
of education, thqn see the pro te Ogle .91*Ij .01 04096
superintendence of the exemPlagofit
e til o-erP.ecteiell YetaiPl'il
Britain has produced so much n,ohoois oof 5i
thot 0
trust the attempt to make the fhe dictati°t ; and thie.l6ot./
National Society subservient to the
tittoo,,,aeoec,t 5
as Mr. Wyse will be resisted on the receia
than be the victims of so inj undue
tion in tb
consent to forfeit all parti ciPa
Standard.

a at the bits:
se
e bar `mould
If be the
111
co
l,
Sir
in
a namer
eS c t
take leav-
,e of our grestold
Oise' if
le,
ruoent itsetri
OPf the eu°llllool
of euel,ould
hat, he s and
strop.,
)t a eo.
'(1. there ,t of
c,veralu‘-‘ce
,tfreedoul.
that
lin order 06
Aras •aid'atode
and our of
he liber of
trod liCe,ll-,oe.
rn t. to t'r-the
I,;ect
ne ,
:aglisn, e toe
; but tise od•
r of a 7.rd
fora
10601,:ii'd0 of
r the J, chi
th load

rce.rea'
ches do

art,e
,as bee°6l,qo
by the, of Oei
obver—ief
trse, apa 8

cal tour tlsB'

of
the
favour
the fur°r, •

1;
JThe 4:1
lr,and %c
plou
t foul
ahot to
Irit,,,eir3stone,
-I,:irlibP were
auttiorQi3efito,
are 22 testes'
t at the vgib-er.
,
west vuoitb
be BaP DLO
reP°(te
the'
sent tiai!e tor,
,ied t°,l33ce
person i 3.
h - ,
ath 11' filarel'
,11(71[11)}e'1;166;eetfli'
Ken itsi. ro,eoo
hieh StiPbeef
ittles, 11.3t3
19,tioa,
ee s"of
cersteA,

sil bss
noble`°-vesct
,ord thijiis
that begs!
This
xt
It
ob 9 yd
prooban,
to ,
,rhe
ahli:0(1.;
rr ec
i Nobs,MO
booe,,of
f the
,d6O
