POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

BRUTAL ASSAULT.—On Tuesday, at the Polic-office,
William Dunn, Catherine Dunn, and Christopher Dunn,
the three Irish individuals vi ho were remanded about a week
ago, under an accusation of having inflicted serious injuries
on the person of John Brennan, were again placed at the
bar for further examination, the wounded man being conva-
lescent, though still weak and ill. The surgeon had pro-
nounced him entirely out of danger. Inspector Crouch
stated, that, on the 29th ult., he received information that a
man had nearly been killed in an affray in Johnson-street. He
took a party of officers with him, went to the house of the
prisoners and apprehended them. The prosecutor stated,
that on Sunday night week, between ten and eleven o'clock,
he was corning out of a house in Johnson-street, when he
received a violent blow on his back, which drove him into
the middle of the street. The prisoner, Catharine Dunn,
rushed at him with an instrument which he believed to be a
soldering iron, and struck him with all herr orce over the eye.
He was slightly stunned by this blow, w- eh was immedi-
ately followed by another still more violent from a man, he
could not say whom. At the same instant he: .teived another
blow on the back of his head. He fell senseless to the ground,
and lost all recollection of what followed. A girl, about
fourteen years of age, who saw the affray, stated that the pri-
soner, William Dunn, struck the first blow with a hammer
as the prosecutor was leaving the house. She (witness) was
going for a policeman, when she saw Catharine Dunn ad-
vance with an iron implement, and strike the prosecutor on
the forehead. William Dunn rushed at him a second time,
and struck him a furious blow over the eye with the hammer.
The complainant fell, and William Dunn jumped upon he,
breast. She did not see Christopher Dunn strike at all.
Mr. Davenport, solicitor, who appeared for the prisoners,
cross-examined the witness. His view appeared to be to
show that the complainant kept a house of ill fame, and that
the girl was of loose character. Neither of these points were
established. The complainant stated, that he had been at a
christening, but he was not intoxicated. He had seen the
Dunns before, but never had a quarrel with them. A wit-
ness, named Croone, corroborated the testimony of the prose-
cutor and the girl, anti swore that he saw Christopher Dunn
strike the latter a blow on the back of the head with some in-
strument. A medical gentleman stated that he was called in
to see the complainant. He found him in a very dangerous
state. There was a wound on the back of the head, which he
believed was a fracture, but he was not certain. The blow
over the eye had broken dOwn the skull, and at first he con-
sidered it impossible that the man could live. When he put
his finger into the orifice, for the purpose of ascertaining the
condition of the fractured bone, a small portion of brain ad-
hered to it. A friend whom he called in, agreed with him
that there was no hope for the man. He considered the re-
covery to be most extraordinary, and the constitution of the
man equally so. Mr. Davenport called Arch. M'Carthy,
Charles Ford, and George Welsh, all of whom testified to
Loving seen some row which took place previously to the
assault complained of, but none of them altered the evidence
offered in support of the accusation. William Dunn was
committed for trial. Catharine Dunn and Christopher Dunn
were ordered to pay a fine of £5 each, or, in default of pay-
ment, to be committed to the House of Correction for twe
months. It was further ordered, that Christopher Dunn
should find hail that he would keep the peace, himself in £3O,
and two sureties in £l5 each.

A TIMID MAN.—On Tuesday, at the Police-office, an in
dividual who stated that he was a master plasterer, appeared,
accompanied by his solicitor, Mr. Crewe, to substan-
tiate a complaint against a very beautiful and well-dressed
girl, who it appeared had put him in bodily fear. The com-
plainant, so far as bodily appearance was concerned, seemed
frilly able to protect himself, at least from so gentle a crea-
ture as the girl against whom he complained. The latter, it
appeared, is a servant to a lady in Liverpool. Some time
since the complainant and defendant were extremely inti-
mate, and the result of a long acquaintance was the seduc-
tion of the latter. She had an infant, for the support of
which the complainant pays a certain sum weekly to the pa-
rish. After this occurrence he dropped the acquaintance.
He now complained that she had called at his shop and
threatened to bring a loaded pistol and shoot him through
the head. A few nights since, said he, I was walking along
Smithdown-lane, when she met me, and presenting either a
pistol or a dagger at me, declaied she would have my life. I
ran away as hard as could, and she seeing two gen-
tlemen coming up, did not follow me. The young woman
stated, that during the period of their intimacy, she bad, at
various times, lent him sums of money which be never repaid.
He now owed her £2l. All that he had told about the pistol
was false. She had certainly called at his workshop, and
requested him to let her have a little money, but she used no
threats whatever. Complainant: Oh yes, you did; when
you met mein Smithdown-lane, von said: now I've got you—
and didn't I run away ? Defenaant: Yes you did, but I did
not do anything to frighten you. Complainant : Oh yes,
von presented a pistol. Defendant : Oh no; I never bad a
pistol! Mr. Hall: I suppose she had her umbrella in her
hand, and you thought she was going to shoot you with it.
Mr. Crewe pressed the magistrate to make the defendant find
bail. Mr. Hall seemed to think there was no reason for such
a proceeding. He thought the young woman would see the
propriety of not going near the complainant again. The
best mode of recovering her money would be by action at
law. Mr. Crewe (to the complainant) : How do you feel now
in your conscience? Tell the magistrate fairly and candidly
the state of your feelings.—'Tie man here began to weep, and
screwing his face into a most piteous expression of grief, he
whined out, while sobs occasionally checked hit utterenee;--
I f believe me—Mr. Hall—l am afraid to venture ottt.

I feel—that I am—l'm, I tell you candidly, afraid of my life. -
-(Laughter.) Mr. Hall : I suppose you want to send her
to prison. Complainant: Yes, sir, I'm not safe while she's
at liberty. Mr. Hall thought it sufficient to exact from the
defendant a promise that she would never go near the timid
gentleman again. The defendant made the requisite pro.;
raise, averring, however, that she should commence an action '-',3‘l
fur the recovery of her money. •
STA BB ING.—On Tuesday, at the Police-office, Ann Coch.;.
rane, a dissolute female, was charged with having assaulteti.,
Catharine Duffy and wounded her with a sharp instrument4i;l4:
It appeared, that, on Tuesday last the complainant and tbb
prisoner met each other in Tithebarn-street. Being old ata6„l
quaiutances, they entered into conversation. A sailor, *lib, 4.`
was known to both, joined them. With this individual Ann
Cochrane began to quarrel, and it was not long before thy'','
came to blows. As both the sailor and the prisoner were
much infuriated, Catharine Duffy feared that some mischief
might ensue. She therefore interfered and endeavoured to
part the . combatants. Her efforts, however, only had, the
effect of increasing the wrath of Cochrane, who threatened '41,.
to punish her if she did nut immediately depart. The com-
plainant said she would soon put an end to the affray for she
would fetch a police officer. She went towards Milk-street
for the purpose of putting this threat into execution. Ann
Cochrane, in a state of great excitement, followed her, and
called several abominable names. At length seeing that the
complainant was intent upon finding a police officer, she
rushed at her, and exclaiming, " there, take that you dirty
faggot," stabbed her twice in the neck with a knife. The pri-
in her defence said, she never had a knife in her hand. Sub-
sequently she acknowledged that she had struck the com-
plainant, but it was with a sharp stone. The cuts were
stated to Le very severe but not dangerous. Mr. Hall,
animadverting on the brutality of the assault, order the pri-
prisoner to pay a fine of £5 and costs, or, in default of pay-
ment, to be committed for two months to the House of Cor-
rection.

THEFT BY A BUTCHER'S ASSIST ANT.—ChalleS Healey, a
youth who has been for some time in the employ of Mr.
Gilks, a butcher, who carries on an extensive business in
Cleveland-square, was on Wednesday placed before Mr.
Hall, charged with having rubbed his master. It appears-
that Mr. Gilks has for a long time suspected the prisoner, in
consequence of his extravagant habits; but owing to the
quantity of money turned over, detection was difficult. At
length the style of. the prisoner's dress, and the nature of some
purchases which he had made, rendered it evident that he
must be obtaining much more money than his wages, by some
means. He was narrowly watched; but though suspicion
was strengthened, nothing was discovered sufficiently certain
to warrant his apprehension. It was determined, therefore,
to lay a trap for him. Accordingly Mr. Gilks and hisdaugh-
ter marked some money, and put it into the bands of a young
woman of their acquaintance, with the request that a joint of
meat might be sent for and purchased from the prisoner, early
next morning, before Mr. Gilks went to the shop. The young
woman complied with the request. Early on Wednesday
morning five pounds of mutton was purchased from Healey,
and paid for with the marked money. Mr. Gilks having as-
certained this, examined the drawer; but no money was there.
Mr. Gough, one of the market constables, was sent for. He
searched the prisoner, and found the two marked shillings,
and one marked sixpence, paid by the young woman for the
mutton. The box of the prisoner was searched, and Gough
found several half-crowns and a new flute. The prisoner
had also purchased clothes to the amount of £2 135., which,
as well as the flute, he confessed had been paid for by money
stolen from his master. Time money found, including the two
shillings and sixpence marked, amounted to £2 Bs. 6d., of
which the prisoner said only 6s. were his own. The flute bad
cost him 13s. He was committed for trial. • •

PAYING DEARLY FOR KlNDNESS.—Yesterday, at the
Police-office, a drunken, dissipated-looking woman, with a
face the colour of pipe-clav,atained Mary Smith, was charged
by a good-looking little Welsh woman with having defrauded
her of half a sovereign. The complainant,. in stating her
grievance said—" She came yesterdays to porrow sixpence,
which I thought I wont lent her, and gef hur what I thought
was a sixpence, put it wass half a sofereign I gef her in mis-
take; ant as I had no one to give me atvice I let it wait till
this morning." Mr. Hall.—How do you know it was half
a sovereign ? Complainant.—l am sure it wass, for a shen-
tlernans paid it to me for washing." The prisoner was alked.
what she had to say, and, with great volubility and with ex-
traordinary conciseness, gave the magistrates her name, eon- •",
dition, and defence. " Please, sir, my name is Mary Smith. •
I was turned out of my lodgings, and wanted sixpence; I 'f
axed my neighbour there for it, and she lent it me after some •
scruples, and I paid it away." Being asked how she came °n'
into possession of 34 er 4s.found upon her, she said she had •
pawned some of her clothes for the money that morning,
which appeared to be true, some pawn-tickets being found
upon her. Mr. Hall said that would show that she wanted
money. No, she did not wants money, for she sent for a
nokkin of gin, and was treating all night. Mr. Hall said
she might have done that; on which side the mistake 'was
he could not tell. Complainant.—l must haf gifen it her.
Mr. Hall. It is a case 1 cannot interfere in. Discharge her.
ROBBING A BARGE.— Yesterday, at the Police-office, as
elderly man named John Morecroft. was charged with having
robbed a barge lying in the canal, of a quantity orprovi.;
:ions and wearing apparel. Policeman 122 stated, that about
nine o'clock that morning he received information that the
cabin door of a flat had been broken open, and a quantity of
flour, bacon, sugar and clothes taken out. The complain-
ant, a real rough-spun Cheshireman, was asked to state his
complaint, but remained silent, the very picture of sturdy
stupidity,—Mr. Hall: Is that your jacket? Complainant:
Yees. Mr. Hall: Yes what ? Complainant: Thaes things
belongs to me. Mr. Hall: What are you ? Complainant :
Whoy hoi'm a boatman. Mr. Hall: Where did you put
these things? Complainant: I't cabin loike. Mr. Hall:
When did you miss them? Complainant: Last noight.
The officer said he had found the stolen goods in the house
of the prisoner, and bad therefore taken him into custody.
He said he knew nothing at all about them; the house was.
his son's. Mr. Hall: Does this man's son work on board
your flat ? Complainant: Yees, he does sometimes. Mi.
Hall : This man may be quite innocent; the sun may have ••
taken them. Complainant: I doant think that man tuk
'em; 1 doant think he did. Mr. Hall: It is his son? Com-
plainant: Yees. Mr. Hall: Well, you must look after the
son; there is no evidence against this man at all. Dischafge
him.

SINGULAR CIRCUMSTANCE.—The other day Mr. Lennox,
fishmonger, St. John-street, on opening an oyster, found
therein an English shilling ! How the coin got there is a
puzzler.—Perth Paper.
The Earl and Countess of Wilton returned to town on
Monday last, from a visit to the Duke of Wellington, at
Walmer Castle. The noble earl and countess will shortly
leave town for their seat in Leicestershire.

Two men engaged in two different contests at Leicester,.
have lost their 'lives from being engaged in boxing matches.
A verdict of manslaughter last Monday was recorded in both
cases.

ECINOMY IN Gcrirow DER.—lnstructions have been given
that the 29th May, the anniversary of King Charles 11.'s.
restoration, is no longer to be observed by the firing of the
Ti)vrer guns. What next ?

The principal alteration now making in Buckingbam Pa-
lace is the construction of a new grand staircase, by which.
parties leaving the state rooms may descend without, as here-
tofore, meeting on the same staircase those who are arriving;
by %which much inconvenient crowding will be avoided.. '
toaster, and now possessed of from £
fromis, 0
auction'C2 ° °
room.w teal
At Dudley, on Friday, Mr. Paskius, . formerly a 860017'.
anto
held to bail in £4OO, to take his trial at the next sassions;:-..
for stealing about two yard. of cloth
in. that tow 11.- Woreaster journal.

~,T

. _ .. ,;

-x;
,~>
~ •~ F~
:~

. . . . . . a ... . .. . . .
~ .
• ' s- -,- -s- . '.:'-"-, • :''' ..'-1:, 44:7,4
~:., ...'4:- ---;;.' ''''':' , '''''','-..,--•.''',:::- --, • ". ... ` • _I ,:. •
. , . _
. . . .
• .
. .., • . _ ..,
- ,
. .
.
, ..
. ,
.
. -41 • . • . • . . .
.. , . .
,:.
. Al . •
THE INSURANCE:COMPANY. HANOVER, OCT. 25.-Since the last visit of Dr. °reefs , .
Poetry. acquired contempt for what a short time ago they and pletely infatuated them, and they _looked on calmly at
the reports are revived of a speedy operation on the Crown diflattetss. .. LONDON GAZETTE.---Tussniy,.Nov:;&-- : :•- -
their fellow-whigs were accustomed to call the "oto- the murder. Thus do we cleavly trace these atrocities . ...:,...................,- .
.
---........ ------- --e (FROM THE COURT GAZETTE.) Prince, and that it will, in all propabilitv, be successful. It ..—....—. PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
, WHEN I WAS IN MY PRIME. mous" revolution of 1688-the " form of prayer with to the apostacy and its peitiferous influence. - The A rich capitalist of Paris, whom I shall name M. Lebrun, is certainly the most fervent wish of arl Hanoverians that LIVERPOOL CORN EXCHANGE, Nov. 6. .1. Ormandy and A. L. Ormandy. Liverpool, booksellers-M. A.
-- thanksgiving" for the sth of November being not only case we,have referred to is only one more added to was famed for his enterprising and speculative disposition. their beloved Crown Prince may recover his signt, and so Since Tuesday last the imports of Oats and Oatmeal from Ireland Keell, C. Keel!, and F. Rawson, Liverpool, coffee-house-keepers ;
. BY caaloalais BOWLES. " for the happy deliverance of King James I. and the that tremendous catalogue of misdeeds for which it Not a new project was set on foot but he was applied to for be fully qualified to ascend the throne of his ancestors. It is have been to a fair extent, and some increase to our stocks of Fo- as far as regards F. Rawson-J. Heyworth 'and T. Sharpies, Vaeela
•,
, his patronage and protection, end in general whatever he en- well known that one es eis irrecoverably lost ;it is atrophy- reign free Wheat has occurred by arrivals coastways from London, ton Lancashire, farmers-J. Ashton and W. Almoia(l, Farnwortba
.
....1.--_ three estates of England.from the most traitorous and has to answer gaged in. was crowned with success. Not long since he was Lancashire, vitriol-manufacturer.
, I mind me of a pleasant time,- bloodv-intended massacre by gunpowder," but " also • , that is to say, nature fias ceased to convey any nourishment but of all other Grain very moderate, and the weather having con- •• • , BANKRUPTS.
Alexander Robertson, Halifax. lined-draper.
• one morning seated in his study at his country house, when to it, and tt has consequently sunk in and shrivelled up. tinued unfavourable for completing harvest in the brickward situa-
A season long ago,- •
- for ihe happy arrival of his Majesty King William -
a cabriolet drove up to the door : from it descended a young Against this art is unavailin-g; we have, therefore, only to tions,-for secerusg the Potatoe crops, and for all agricultural ,work Abraham Vl'allitt, Springfield, Essex, miller. • .
The pleasantest I've ever known, NATIONAL EDUCATION:s-JUSTICE FOR we have experienced a very steady demand all last week, and sales E3j
oor
Inteenps
ht%‘,ll,Creioarl
h,l
it..
sLo:oBi(
rcl
iegssthtreteore,ntt, i
bCmuhbteceahrp-emsri
.deer
c,
hLt:inntd. o n , lace m a n .
on this day for the deliverance of our Church and man of fashionable appearance, and fine open countenance, hope that (what unhappily frequently happens) the second to a pretty considerable extent of every article in the Corn Trade W -
Or ever now can know : IRELAND. • .
Bees, birds, and little tinkling rills, nation." Thus our precious whig ministers have not unknown to the frequenters of Tortol3l'S. He demanded eye may not follow the first. Hitherto, however, it is said have been made to millers, dealers, and speculators at fully the .
.
' So merrily did chime; managed by one act to express their sympathy for one TO THE ROMAN CATHOLICS OF IRELAND. to speak with the master of the house, and was introduced at there is no sign of at rophy in the other eye. It is said that prices lest noted, and for very superior qualitiea, at a small advance, William Ellison Gillespie' , Chester-le-street...Durham, common.
. once to M. Lebrun. His host was in slippers and robe-de-
.
The year was in its sweet spring-tide, of the most bloody-minded ruffians that ever breathed Dr. Graefs will perfurin the operation, and come from Berlin and this statement is applicable to the London, Yorkshire, and to
brewer.
chambre, for he. loved to live as indolently as he could when for that purpose, in a few days. It is thought that if the all our country markets of the past wef..k.. .
• Arid I-was in my prime. -to insult the Church, to•violate the law, and to con- ."I.,l,speak as unto wise men-judee ye what I say."-1 Cor. x. 15.
n sa s', .-• not immersed in the whirlpool of business at Paris. operation succeeds the King will take that opportunity to The only alteration in the duties on Grain from Foreign Ports on
Friday lasl was an increase of Is 61 per qr. on Rye, and a decrease DIVIDENDS. •
•Nov. 28, J. Maguire, Liverpool. merchant-Nov. 28. E. Taylor. - -
I 've never heard such music since, ciliate O'Connell by turning up their noses at the , .L.TE,AR mOMAN 4j4THOLIC r RIENDS AND ‘,OUNTRYMEN - „
You will excuse me, Monsieur," said the young man, grant a pardon to the Gottingen state prisoners. There is a Liverpool, colour-manufacturer-Nov. *26. G. HealeyaBtrand, Lon- •;
, of Is -6(1 per qr. on Pease; a speculative demand for Wheat and
From every bending spray,- a cola never agait; conscientiously call myself your faithful , •
• taxing possession of an arm chair; " you will excuse we for report that the city of Holdestreine is preparing to present a Flour in bond has continued, rind seyeral parcels have changed don cheesemoneer-Nov. 29 T. Ellson Henlev-upon-Thames.
I 'ye never pull'd such primroses, revolution of 1688 ! friend and servant, were I to allow the present opportunity Oxeordshire, whir, nierchant-INov. 29, 'I. Emirs, Angel-court.
Set thick on bank and brae,- We have not yet heard whether any "Liberal" to pass of entreating your attention to the two distingilished .troubling your retirement by speaking. to you of matters of
speculation- but the affairin question is of grave importance second address to the German Diet. hands at an advance equal to about Is 6d per 70Ibs for the former,
and at about 3s to 4s per brl for the latter, less than can be obtained Throgmorton-street, London, stock-broker-Nova 29, J. Philpott.
•
.. I 've never smelt such violets,- bishop was brought to preach before her Majesty on prelates of your church who are now figuring before your eyes au a a ••?" t • t •• h - , • It_ tossoseeneeeosra
o pressing na ure . i may ave consequences so mora y . for the same qualities if now free, so much confidence prevails of Rochester, ironmonger-Nov. 28, R. Beeton, Blackfriars-road,
London, linen-draper-Dec. 1, IV. Nation, Bath butcher-Nov.
, As, all that pleasant time, the sth in defence of Guy Faux, and in disparagement in the arena of public controversy. useful to society, aud so exorbitantly lucrative for the projec- gib ipptng Entrittynce. an early reduction of the duties ; some parcels of Oats in bond
have found sales for export at our quotations. 27, C. H. Gray. Bath, proarsion-inerchant-Nov. '3O, T. Cole and
I found by every hawthorn root, of William 111. ; but this we can affirm, and prove b_y Our witty countr -man Thomas Moore, when writing his
tor!, that I fel,,cr,vinced of your forgiveuess for speaking At this day's market there was a fair attendance of town and W. Mountcastle, Manchester, silk-manufacturers-Nov. 27, J.
When 1 was in my prime. poem to tiy- and e)xtric;te these eminent combatants Irom Crossley and J. Crosslev, Farnley Tt as. Yorkshire, cloth-mane-
evidence-namely, that a government print of last to you respec in, 1 . —sass— . country millers and dealers, who made purchages only to a ver
Yon moory down, so black and bare, Dens, said that he (Dens l- " Speak on, Monsieur; lam all attention," said the capi- TUESDAY. NOVEmBER 6.-Wind E. moderate extent of every article in the trade, at the prices of tat; -Nor. 28, W. Thompson, H.. Leonard, and R. B. Dewes,
night (Cupid) contained the following lines, which, "Of course was more handy to call in a hurry, Aston, Warwickshire, factors-Nov. 27, W. Luecombe. jun. Broad
I Was gorgeous, then, and gay talist, crossing his legs and drawing his dressing-gown closely ARRIvED.-Dalhousie Castle, 3lnrray, ftom al iramichi. day week. facturers
Hempston, Devonshire, butcher-N0v.29,T. Jeffs.Wellingborough,
With gorse and gowan, blossoming if they amount not to a panegyric upon Guy Faux, Than Docther Mac Hale or.' Doctor Murray." about him. SAILED.-WILI. Wright, Flagg, for Montego Bay-Sandbach, WHEAT, ly 70111 s. d. s. d INDIAN CORN, V 480Ib. ' Northamptonshire, victualler-Dec. 5. S. Musgrove and W.Quelch.
As none blooms now-a-day:- are at least an astoundingly stupid palliation of a They have been often both of them called forward in vain ;
" Who could ever have supposed," said the stranger with Bisphain for Demerara Frances, Dixon, and Hannah, Briggs. for English 10 6 212 3 Red
but here the two gentlemen, without any one calling for •- • Barliadoe's-Abercromby, Ure, for Charleston-Maria Leone, Tur- Scotch lO 4 -11 6 White
The blackbird sings but seldom now design the most cruel and the most cowardly that the great solemnity, " that in quitting an age of doubt and incer- Sheffield. ironmongers-Dec. 4, C. Oriffith, Chester. cabinet-
them, and without any hurry whatever, come forth deliber- me-einem for Marennes Sze -Blackness Butler, for Hamburg- Irish
I.j p there in the old lime, annals of crime record. The following are the lines titude like the last, we should e,nter a period so remarkable Bonded 9 3 -10 2 English 44 0-46 0
Where. hours and hours, he used to sing, ately in the columns of your newspapers to give you all the r
or its desire to make all fixed and certain as the present. and Magnificent, Whitty% fO'r Savannah. '
BARLEY, V qr. Irish ..
to which we allude. It will be observed that they are benefit of their instruction. Allow me to second their pious Stannin le • Yorkshire cloth-manufacturers-Nov. 28 T. Brod-
g a . . .
- When 1 was in my prime. In the eighteenth century every thing was overturned, be- Judith a-.. Esther. Moran, from Jamaica, at Cork English .. 38 0 -42 0 Peas, G'res.... 32 0-38 0 rick, Preston, watchmaker. ' . ,
, signed "S." That they are in every sense of the intentions, and to lend my humble exertions that their efforts Chevalier 40 0 -43 0 White .. 40 0-48 0 CERTIFICATES
Such cutting winds came never then, • - -d shall oot be lost on You. Hannah. Adams from Bahia at Hambure Scotch, •I' 6011) 5 3- 5 6 RAPESEED, V last, £,
expression "devilish bad," we admit ; but does Cup ~,,,e . . cause the world doubted of everything; in the nineteenth no Agenoria. —, hence off Green Island
doubt exists, because nothing is left to chance. It is by means -.a
bt mbaul, Sloma'n,irom ConBtantinople:at Kingrond To be granted, unless cause be shown to the contrary on or befoul •
To pierce one through and through; ai re are three points on which they convey to you most Irish - 5 4 noon, English, AP 280Ih. ,
tat. 27th (lay of November.
More softly fell the silent shower- seriously mean that he had them from Satan himself! of insurance that society is now reorganizing itself. What Frankfort, Norman, henee at Milford, leaky, and with loss of Foreign, bond. 4'2- 4 6 Fine 54 0-63 0 T. lal•Lecel, Chichester, draper-S. Hugo; Truro. Cornwall, tir 'tilt- •
excellent information ; and, without presuming to interfere
is there that is not now insured ? Nay, it has been la OATS, V 451 h. Irish - 62 0
More balmily the dew : between such infallible opponents, I call you, my country- ster -E. Adams, Ohl NeWton, Suffolk, coal-dealer-B. Golding.-
The morning mist and evening haze- FANCIES OF THE FIFTH. C
men, to the plain common-sense ,view of the case. ommon whispered that the Messrs. Rothschild think seriously of form- Bolina, Carroll, from Jg•sey for this port, at Plymouth, with English .. 36- 4 0 American, rVa brl. free. New-inn-yard, Shorediteha London, victualler-J. Harrison. Man-
Unlike this cold grey rime- (From Cupid.) sense you have-quick sense-shrewd sense-capital sense, telY bulwarks
ing a company for insuring kings on their thrones, and fur sails split . Scotch - 4 a Sweet, U.S. 00- 0 0 chester, dyer-J. 'Cochrane, Waterloo-place, Pall-niall, London,
Charles, Brice, from Ostend, for this port, at Ramsgate, leaky, Irish - 3 9 Sour, bond .. 35 0-40 0
flung ministers of state in possession of theirsportfeuilles; bookseller-J. Collis, .Fleet-street, London. tailor-M. Calvert.
Seemed woven waves of golden air, r. my dear countrymed.-Now, all I ask of you is, use it a little, havingbeen in contact with the pier, and. with loss ofs.ails, anchors Foreign, bond. 26- 3 2 OATM,EAL, 41" 2401 b
in fact, insurance is the great instrument by which will be Manchester. linenayard dealer-B. Gregory. Allen-street, Goswell.
u 9 0 - 32 0
When I was in my prime. "Something to burn the Guy !" they cried, if you please. brought about that advanced state of humanity, so fruitlessl and cables Ditto, duty free 34- 3 9 Enalish
3' Charlotte, Williams, from Africa for thls port, at Falmouth, very RYE, 411 qr. .......36 0 -10 0 Do. new 1837 32 0-34 0 street, -fasondon, ironfounder.
And blackberries-so mawkish now- Those tiny boys, while far and wide The points are these :- sought for by Fourier, St. Shnon, and --" leaky, and with considerable damage. One man washed over- MALT, ,IF qr. fines 6 0 -61 0 Scotch -. SCOTCH SEQUESTRATIONS. ..-
29 0-32 0 - Alexander Mac Leod, Balelone. Invernesti-shire, surgeon.
Were finely flavored then ; Laughed the long street-as on they bore Ist. THE UNITY OF THE CHURCH. " But what is the meaning of this long preamble ?". inter- board, and another died on the passage. having experienced very Middling 46 0 -56 0 John Stronach, Murlyfodd. Banffshire.
And hazel nuts! such clusters thick Their monster-doll from door to door- 2d. THE CHURCH'S SENSE 0.1.' THE SCRIP- rupted the master of the mansion, in a dry metallic voice. bad weather. On 10th Oct. in lat. 24, long. 2840, spoke the Ben-
i ne'er shall pull again ;- A hunch-hack thing-a figure squat, TURES. " You are aware, I presume, that I require something posi- LVERPOOL PROVISION MARKET, Nov. 8. . .
gal. hence for Mobile
WARREN Polley, Nov. 4.-Elizabeth, Smith, from Glasgow for MEETINGS OF CREDITORS.
There is a better feeling in our Butter market this week, and
Nor strawberries, blushing wild as rich, In Punch's paunch and pointed hat ; 3d. THE RIGHT OF PRIVATE JUDGMENT. tive-actual-palpable," laying a stress ou each expression. Cardiff, stmck on Carlingford last evening, and novialies nearly Nov. wens
As fruits of sunniest clime ;- By children's tawdry taste arrav'd c .
First, now, the UNITY OF THE CHUR AI You know what „ m • • ll h l• - „ .
y project unites a t ese qua ities, said the stranger. covered at low water prices may be noted Is to 2s higher. Crane inspected Belfast has
How all is altered for the worse, With rags, red, and ochre's aid i- a fuss is made -about education ; your children, they say, most a wen, then, let us have it, without further preliminar c " Jean Graham, Thornton. from Mauritius at London touched 955. Pickled Butter is firmly held at 88s.-Provisions are 14. P. W. Smith, (Ist) Clarendon Rooms,. - 1
15. Benjamin Parnham, (tin div.) Bankrupts' Court, London, II ,
ie., rather higher, the deniond is, however, at present only to a retail
Stnce I was in my prime ! " Something to burn the Guy !" they cried, be brought up in the uuity of the Holy Catholic Church. said the other. Beiram, hi•nce for Constantinople, was spoken in lat 49, long 8 extent for ship stores.-Bacon goes off with tolerable freedom at 15. John Leigh Clarendon Rome, 11
While rang the street with laughter wide. They give you the Board of Education for your children. „ The fact is," said the projector, " that the matter is of Catherine 51• Donald, hence for Richibucto, was spoken 7th Oct. 15. William Bolderston, (final div Ditto
----seso---- 46s to 485.-H.ams very scarce and wanted.
• so delicate a nature, that lam obliged to prepare vou for my in tat 46, long 64 . . _ - l5. Buchanan, Laird and Co. (fur. div.):.-... -..,,Litto l3
In Now, look at your bishops. _
THE PAGE. Dr. Mac Hale denounces the board, and he denounces Dr. Xylon, hence for New York, was spoken 6th October, in lat 48, 15. John Wright, (div.) .....Ditio I
And this poor scare-crow mark for fun proposal." . a. ...
Murray for presiding at it. long :18
" I think I can guess that it relates to an insurance cora- Wilkinson, hence for Maranham, was spoken 29th October, in LIVERPOOL AGRICULTURAL MARKET, Nov. 7. ...5m..
BY THE AUTHOR OF " THE PROVOST OF BRUGEs," &C. Is the sole memory left of ONE Mr. Murray, on the other side, attacks Dr. Mac Hale; pro- s. d. s. d. s. d. s. d.
Who-granting all that party rage nany. What is it you propose to insure, Monsieur ?" lat sa. long 7 Old Hay 0 Wail 2 Ifs:1011, Potatoes .... t%3 2 PRICES OF SH ARES. LIV' E.RP- OOL, Nov. 8.
Imes to refute all his arguments; he produces Dr. Crolly uth Gillard hence, at Newfoundland New Hay O7l 0 Cattle Ditto.. :2 32 5 •, •• Last Pricet, This day's
It was deep midnight, and the stars shone bright Has peuti'd in history's doubtful page- and Dr. Denvia to his aid ; and he says he has the majority ' " Since I must speak positively, my plan is to insure mar- Queen of the So ,
riageable girls against the great evil of their existence- Nyverheid, Lievens, hence, at Ostend Clover Hay O7O 10 Turnips 23 027 Oper ton. RAILWAYS, Sec. PerSherea prism
Over bold Air Julian's halls; If but one moment's-dread delay of the hierarchy with hitn ; so, by his confession, it seems a Hylton, Booth ; Sarah, Watford ; Norfolk, Curie ; Brnnswick, Straw, Wheat 08a 0 9a— Carrots
But the revel's din still sounded within, Gave stern resolve its fatal sway, body of them though fewer, is with Dr. Mac Hale. against being old maids." Porter • Pheenie, Towson : Alexander Savin, Tulin"; Gregory straw, Oat ... 070 8 alanglewurzle 000 0 Ditto and Derby
" Hutn--m-m," ruminated the man of wealth again fix-
, Had blotted with hell's deepest dye Bogoslo'ff, Tuliff ; Superb, Widgreen ; and Hebe, Lindstrom, hence straw. Barley 0 6 0 7 Manure
Aod shook the hoary walls; Do not sen'd your children to the schools, says Dr. Mac- 709 0 Birkenhead and Chester
. ing round him his robe-de-chambre, which the slight irrita- at Revel . Clover
For the Knight drank.deep, while the world was asleep; The sun in the affrighted sky, Hale; you have Heretics, Lutherans, Calvanists Socinians,
tion of the moment had displaced, " the idea is ingenious," • . POOLE, Nov. 4.-George Cannine. Bowles. hence for Liverpool.
He.drank with his lemane fair ;- And left the thunder-shaken earth deciding on the translation and interpretation of scripture, „
You • ' h. tl • ld • h• h t • . .lis.s.put back leaky', and itisrScpecpted must discharge ---- - -a-, ----- - --- Chester and Crewe
I;r:lntliay, Ediglimgh
LaTilthGszlasigioewwhaven 150
ipmaiidd ' . 7 ° .°
" -
10 .... 11 5-0 ..... ' -
And he turned, iis his joy, to the pale young boy A name to wither up her mirth, and allowed equal power with the infallible Church of Christ perceive t at re nature esire, w ic mus arise in •
every lady's bosom to avoid celibacy, will incline her to in- at tuoten, Nov. 4.-Durine the heavy gale last evening the Bel-
. ,
vloenrpino of Greenock., drove fuul Of the Mary
I.l,Marst3hen, frer I.i-
sniTatrisjutlhr tolltill,Aleaßygiu,lyit'3bl:„,,p.,,Nl:io:cvoi.np,!!l; Dublin and Drogheda ..
Eastern Counties
That waited beside his chair. As long as Fear shall fetter slaves- in providing instruction for your children. sure and the profits must be euormous." -nfodre•rirtiheestienajannielhhaeirnsanclsnhirewimenmt
ecdoimatelleyteml .adtherosuoehmuthehe vriF.'3,, Rialt3o),llts:s C;,
twAie'akir:kLnentEd
10 .... .4' 5 0, ..... 9_ 7 6
Or round white Albion ocean raves. . s ', tnat s
.ciear enougu; uut uow wilt. you manage tne latter,°ul
This is not tolerable, so don't send your children to the „ '‘se,, , . i , , , • ,
miCldling; the few that were of good quality were soon sold u • Glasgow, Paisley, & Greenock 8 • 60 00 .09 ......... . a
As the wine he quaffed, with that page he laughed ;-
Dreadful enthusiast-in whose crime, schools, says Dr. Mac Hale. Is, ,
He.latighed at his sister's shame l- ce ,"
rate ofinsuran . water that she was run on shore to ,revent her sinkin in dee ) •
i g 1 but in price there is no alteration from our last quotations. we Glasgow, Paisley, Kilmer- 1 • -- • .
As fiercely sinful as sublime, , Do send your children to the schools, says Dr. Murray. 1
And. the fair boy-smiled-for how should a child " That must be graduated according to the beauty, for- water. Will .commence discharging tn-ronrrnw.-The Agnes. of have also had a limited supply of Sher ;sfor the season of the year, 5 paid- 00 ' 0 ....
nock, and Ayr
Dull sensless centuries seem to see watch against these heietics; they and I agtee in the plan of Waterford, drove foul of the Pelham, from Liverpool for Mar-
KnOw aught of maiden's fame? tune, and talents of each. The chances of old-maidimod and priCCS much the same as last week. Good Beef sold at 50, Grand Junction 100 .. e 203 •0 .0 200 0 0
But theme for gibes and mockery- education and in the extracts; ir there was auathing wrong Iles ; the latter lost bulwarks, stanchions, and covering boards
Yet they two had grown together as one, cannot be the same for all, nor do I propose to insure all • sei. middling sd, and ordinary 41(1. Good Wether Mutton sold at 60, Ditto half shares lO ..., 52,10 0 ....
To me that mime grotesque' has brought in them, I would immediately blot it out: so do send your -is leaky and must discharee few which were of very superior quality and large size at Great Western
Till she fell to that man of guile; for tlie same age ; one inavibe fixed at twenty, another at ceija - ' ' • • . exceP a
a Black ; Lune, Lotherington ; Jessie, Ford, and Ocean
A weight of sad and solemn thought, children to the schools, says Dr. Murray. , 7,1, middling and Ewes 51d to 6a, inferior sd. The market, upon Hun arid nab y IG pratal • O. 0 Q .....
twenty-five, and a third even so late as thirty-five. lf, after Douglas, hence at al iramichi
And she now Testi, her head on a clay-cold bed- . .
Black with the sense of countless years, Now, here is a practical quest•ion-here is a question for the whole. may be considered a tolerably brisk one, and there were Lancaster and Preston
Ohl 't is strange that her brother can smile! the expiration of the tem agreed on, the lady remains with- Ilannah, Adams, from Bahia, at Hamburg but few of eithel Beasts or Sheep left unsold. Number of Cattle Liverpool and Manchester lOO ..-..- .904 0, a e:d.
Thro' which, amid its bonds and tears, you to decide, and decide you most. Here is no unity-here out a husband, the indemnity must be paid, and this will con- Rosebank, Fitzsimmons, fzom Quebec, at Belfast at market-Beasts 1410, Sheep 4575. Ditto quarter shares
" Come, fill me a curd bir Page, fill it up, Mid every curse flagitious king, is flat contradiction, and that on the education uf the Roman , Arges. Verifier, from Gasnee, at ditto
stitute a fortune, which in Many cases will obtain for her the - Ditto half shares -
While I drink to.the fair and kind : And sworded fraud on millions fling, Catholic children of Ireland. Will you send your children Idea, Pennington, from Quebec. at ditto •
partner she desires." London and Birmingham
.174 10 0 ....
Yet methinks 't were not ill they should taste who fill, A trampled people's mournful soug to the schools, or will you not ? " But will the Company reserve to itself the power of act- .
Devon, Dench, from Newfoundland. at ditto PRICES OF TIMBER AT LIVERPOOL. Ditto sew quarter shares
Diana. Miller, from Quebec, at Drogheda _ _ . , . ,
Lest mischief should lurk behind!" Arose-" Oh, Freedom's God-how long?" If you do, you denounce Dr. MacH ale and the church, and Ditto and Southampton
~...
His smile never failed, bis eye never quailed, Wild fancies, too. of woodland scenes, you follow Dr. Murray and his piebald principles of com- ing in auv way it may deem advisable, to procure husbands Rose ISPCroom, Evans from Quebec. at Waterford DUTY.
Ditto, new shares 2O paid 42 .5 0 ....
- for the insured before the term fixed on ?" Jane. Collin, from Richibucto, at Beaumaris, leak, and with Wood, Deals, 120 Stan. M. duty paid.
As the brim to the lip he pressed : An antique study dim, where leans promise, " Most assuredly ; the Company of course cannot renounce foremast sprung „ Archangel £lB oalB 10 Ditto Se Brighten (United) .. 14 .... 11 -• 8. 6 .... 1110 0 .
Freely he quaffed of the sparkling draught, O'er Sallust's page or Curtius' tale If you do not, you denounce Dr. Murray and the board, Egidius, Den Duyts, from Ostend tor this port, at Falmouth Memel
any means of bringing about its o'sject, but must employ all Leicester and Swannington .... 50 .... 74 10 0 ....
And Sir Julian drained the rest. A lonely dreaming youth whose pale and you follow Dr. Mac Hale and the true principles of your which may scent advantageous ;in fact, the indemnity will Jane Hudson from Dalhousie at Lancaster Gothenburg l5 10 -16 0 Foreign fl 9. ,
Ditto.
"My Page, why so pale-do thy senses fail ? And thoughtful beauty, glorious brow, church. • John' A• ' '•
. ' ' '.
trey, A atson, from Cuba, at Swansea W y bit rg - B. Plan. £2. (new) l5 paid ' 0 0 0.. . .
scarcely ever be required to be paid, and that is the reason Edmund, Wodehouse, Petersburgh 's 10 -17 10 Not above 21 ft. Manchester, Bolton, & Bury.. 78 .... '7O 10.- 0...:. 70 10 0 '
Fuller, from IVlarinapole, at Standgate
What ails thee, boy ?-thou art ill !"- Yon urchin-mob so libels now. Which are you to choose ? Whom ate you to follow ? Manchester and Birmingham.. 13 .... 11 15 o .....
why the speculation is so splendid " . . . Creek .. a Planks, per foot of 2 in. thick. Foreign £22.
His eye is less bright, and his lip more white, 111. Which of these infallible divines is God, and which is Baal ? • ay„ I h h - '
, see t at t ere must arise some gains." .
The barque Ida Maria,. ---. hence for Revel, passed Dunnet Dantzig, Deck -0458. P. £2 10s. Ditto and Ditto Est n • 3
e mon.. 108 4-15 0 .... a 9 6
Afidland Counti,
•s 50 .... 38. I& o.s ..
But that smile plays around h still. Will you all agree when your archbishops are divided ?* Is a 27th ult.- British American, Pine 0 21- 021
Be far from me the wish to plead Immense profits and not a sin 1 I -s " interrupted the HeaSl
g e os., . Newcastle and Carlisle 100 .... 92 10 0 ....
And his dim, dim gaze, on Sir Julian stays ;- .
Leinster to follow Dr. Murray, and Connaught tu follow Dr. adze Gibson cleared at Marseilles on the 28th ult. and the La thw ood, per fathom.
One thought extenuant of his deed- , advocate of the new Insurance Company, seeing that his I , , Ditto quarter shares
What may its meaning be? Mac Hale ? Three-Sisters, Leard, on the 29th, both for this port Danzig, 4 feet £9 0-lo 0 £4ss, .
North Midland - ' '
'Twas death-deserving-failure, fame, host was balancing towards the project. "If an insurance is Charlotte, .of Whitehaven, sunk near Puffin Island 2nd British American 5- 6 0 15s.
" Sir Julian, prepare, thou bast taken thy share You must choose between these belligerents, for the -very - South Eastern and Dover .... 9 .... • 5 2' ••6 ....
To him, the self-doomed, was the same- effected an •td • th th• 11- d % f •om dying. I t
, awns ea ,no ing can in er person. i . ns ant; crew saved Maaogany, per foot of 1 inch thick.
Of the poisoned cup with me !" Seized or successful, still he knew pretence of unity is absurd. To the schools your children if it is made against fire, how can you prevent houses from TIHS schooner Walter Seott, —, from Quebec for this port, Honduras
Wild is the cry that rises on high- His life for life was justly due- , must go, or from them they must stay. Let them put what burning .if you insure against perils of water, how can Ship- was IPOIII in lat. 3G, long. 49, out 16 days, all well Cuba - 010 a
i £7los. St. Helen'sand Runcorn Gap ..100.paid 0 0 0: .... assa. ' -';,t '
York and North Midland '
20 pais( • •19 .13. 0 ....
Terrible, sad, and wild; He faird and perished; and no less imposture they please on you after this, but the fiction of unity wrecks be put a stop to , .. But insuring against re- Beirstn 'Woolner hence for Constantinople was spoken in la St. Domingo
BANKS. , .._ . s- a -
is gone in Ireland for ever. 49, I• • - ' . - • - t• Oak Planks, British American.. none 15s load. .
ong• 8
As the vengeance is felt to be fearfully dealt Rut with this difference-dying, then, maining single, all you have to do is to marry 'off as quickly ,
l'hes%Dirlhorisie C I M
est e, urray, from Miramichi, at this port, Teakwoo .
• d cubic feet -
,—10 s. Royal Bank of Liverpool -.MO .a. - 710 • 0 0..... .
From the hand of that feeble child. As one endear'd to daring men, Now, secondly, as to the interpretation of the Scriptures, s bl - t ''
possi e your cus omers. , . . sailed 13th ult. On the Ist instant, in lat. 50, long. 16 30, spoke Staves,yer 1200. Bank of Liverpool £l2 10s paid ~ 23 19 • 6 ....
But its work is done : for the rising sun • . Who sealed the cause for which he stood • 1 i
I beseech y ou, my friends, see how these spiritua mpostors a" I suppose that the. Company will take care to have always the Malelutha, of London, under jury foremast and bowsprit. and Danzig, Common Pipe £l4O 0- --- Commercial of Liverpool 10 .... 20 5 0 .... a . •- , .
Saw the Knight, in his plumed pride, (Nor more could Brutus) with his blood. deceive and blind you. at its disposal a number of gentlemanly bachelors of good eha. short of bread. game day, at 4 p.m. spoke tbe Great aVestern, Hhd.
65 0 70 0 Not above 36 in. 1 10 ..... 13 0 0.. a.
Lie stark and pale, 'mid his followers' wail, He failed, and o'er his memory years They have both sworn a solemn oath to the Pope, which reeler and education, ph •• • • rt ry men, bar-
ysic ians, surgeons, 1 era (steamer) from Bristol forliew York ; 2vind N.W. moderate Quebec, red 14 inch - t ..... •,. . I
A corse by the fair boy's side. Fly scoffing now with brutal jeers, . oath they give you in the shape of a creed, that they will risters, merchants and scientific m,en, wham it may employ •
~ WRECK OF TIIE LADY Citantorreale•Extract of a letter from Thick, and 54 feet - Albion 25 paid 25 10 0 .... - .
North and South Wales lO .... TO 2 6a. a.' 10 ' 2,, _ .
Until of Faction's martyr lives never receive the Sacred Scriptures in any other sense than • ..,,
. to gaits the hearts of those who are to be married r , eeived a letter from Captain
Mr. Thomas Court, of Liverpool, 'dated yesterday ;-" I hove re- Long
Mackie this morning, in which he Ditto. Puncheon' 14 0-18 0 —of Manchester lO .... 13 9 6 .... . -.,• ,
- - ---- No thought but what yon puppet gives! that which their holy mother the church has held and dues hold. ~ That is an indispensible condition of success, and I intend speaks in ver b T. 1 bic foot
y sanguine terms of eing able to save the specie im ier, per cu • . Al' heater as L' tool Ds tl5 . 20 10 0
c , 1 c. ... •• • . • .a.
CONTEMPORARY PRESS. Now I have told you iu many publications that this is a pal- taking on myself the care of that particular duty. from the Lady Charlotte, with the assistance.of of a diver. He Oak - 3s Cid South Lancashire 7 10s 70 0 .... _.a4, " ''
IV. petite falsehood, a base imposture put upon you, and that a .. 1 44- —10 s. Liverpool Banking Company lO ~ .. H, 0 .04.... s 13 17 6 ,
Well, then, lam your man. Let the matter rest between has , discovered the wreck among the rocks, and thinks at low Pine, B. American, common
ANTI-CORN LAW AGITATION. Fore-doomed One! in that frightful hour every priest in your church knows it to be an imposture, So us two ;no noise, no puffing nothing but seeress, activity, water during spring tides there will not be more than twelve feet red. ..... .. 15- 2 0 per load. Boroughs Bank 7 10s 13 1r 6 ....
That gave thee fetter'd up to Power; neither Mr. Maguire, nor any one of them, would ever dare water s-ellow .... I . 51- 1 9 Commercial Bank of England 5 .... - 5.10 0 ....
(Front the Morning Herald.) and cleverness. Get the bonh of partnership prepared, and East of England
Denzil!, middline 2 23 2 6 . .
When round thee throng'd with aspect fell to stand before you and give their church's interpretation get the act constituting the Society duly passed through the WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 7.-Wind S.S.E. to S.S.W. Memel, middling t,2t 2 6 t £21.5s rta load. Pheenix Bank
A band of schemers has been busied, for some time The slaves scarce half-escaped from hell- eveu of one book in the Bible ; there is no such thing, and proper forms. lam willing to advance 800,000 francs which ARRIVED.-John, Heselton. from Quebec. Riga, red
past, in organising a system of agitation against the Prepar'd, with smiles, to stretch for thee they know there is not, though they thus euslave you and shut will be amply sufficient for the capital. You, on the other SAILED.-Navigator, Ketelboter, for Stettin-and St. Sebastian, - ------------
.3ce. ••
- corn laws. The simplicity with which, at times, the The rack's delirious agony- up the Bible from you on this ground. hand, will throw into the stock your zeal and activity, and . ,
Glover for Itio Janeiro. Exchan e Buildines
g a .ClOO aid ' 33- 0 0 . .
P •
more noisy agents of the system betray the motives What, more than all the thousand pangs Now, mark these two infallible guides, who have both th •
e prohts shall he divided. 1 act generously, as you may Tem 0, IRISH PRODUCE AND MANUFACTURE. Upool and Harrington Water i s
• ' Works 3ao .... ,45; •10 0 ....
by which their employers are animated, is anuising, That round thee bare their ghastly fangs, sworn this oath. Observe the fact :- perceive." Shanter, Sumpton. hence at Montreal
r Abeona, Grant, hence at St. John N.B. DUBLIN, November.'
BRICK-Tullamore per thousand 30s to 3•18. County Dublin 32s .
Bootle Ditto Stock .... ' 325 0. 0 .... .
Shook thy calm soul and cloudless brow, These Scripture lessons, extracts and comments, translated,
and not uninstructive. The young man took his leave, exceedingly satisfied with Albion, Forrest. hence at Mirami'chi to 365. Liverpool Coal GatiCompanyStock ..:. 37a- 0' 0 ....
That never shook or shrunk till now ?* .as Dr. Murray tells you, fresh from the Hebrew and Greek, his visit, and springing into his cabriolet rettirned to Paris. Columbia, Bartlett, and Sarah, Hunter, hence at Newfoundland BEEF-Per tierce India, £0 Os to £0 Os ; prime mess, £slos to -lapool New Gas & Coke Co. XlOO ...... 196. 0
.0 ....
At Manchester, more especially, there has been Borussia, Hamann, hence at Copenhagen £5 12s 6d; plant mess, £2 lOs to £2 15s ; barrels £3 lOs to £3 15s. Dittu New Shares are now paid up. .
. Not thoughts of how thy spirit toird and not even from the Vttigate as approved by the Council of In a few da • h b 1 t the ne •• • , d the mat-
ys . e roug i . teasary papers, an .
formed an Anti-Corn Law Association ; and this as- Untired-devoted, to be foird ; Treut-translated, too, by a Scotch Calvinist, a heretic, and C ardidn, Coo er from Bahi
ter was speedily concluded. After M. Lebrun had signed '`u P • a, at Cuxhaven BacoN-Per cwt. 44s to 555: heavy 45s to 46s ; pigs' cheeks 38s. ASSURANCE COMPANIES. saa •. • .
,
• • Sophia, Ilarris from Rio Janeiro at ditto to 42s ; hams 52s to 545; pork per barrel 85s to 90s ; tongues per Liverpool Marine Assurance}
iodation has employed a spouter, named Paulton, to . Not the sad presage that the land approved of by another heretical bishop, and by a Socinian and returned them to the young speculator, he. addressed him Ariel, Blh. ' II '
ut er, ence at • amhurgh firkin 35s to 365. Company 25 paid 9 0 0 . .
perambulate the country, and to reiterate the dull and Which dream'd of freedom at ti y hand heretic who denies the divinity of our Lord Jesus Christ.
, thus : Ophelia, Foreman, hence at Ri:sa BUTTER-First per cwt. Os to Os ;in cools 8d to 10d per lb. -Ocean Aseurarsce Company ... 10 ..., 610 .0 ... - •
Was left but deeper now to pine Tnese are sound and proper extracts, notes,- and comments ~ Monsieur, you are now Director of the pew Company, Liverpool Fire and Life
shallow common-places on which the enemies of Eng- , Albio.n. Johnson, from Quebec, at Cork, after being on shore firkin, 86s to 88s.
Beneath the curse of "Right Divine." from the Scriptures for your children, says Dr. Murray, and and I need scarcely say that I wish you success. To prove near (lie Light-house, but got off with trifling damage CANDLES-Patent mould, 9s ; plain mould, 6s; dipt, is per doz. DOCKS, FERRIES, NEW COMPANIES. aeca.
lish apiculture trade. At Bolton this worthy deli- No, 'twas that maddening sense which told he recommends them to you, and so does Dr. Crolly, and to you, however, that I really have deeply at heart the suc- Hartlepoole, Rose, from Quebec, at Lirnericle, with loss of bul- FEATHERS-From the country per stone, 83 to 10s; white lls An n Carr in Com an 1 I
derto y g . p yl2 10s„. 11 0 t ....
vered a lecture a few days ago, in which, as reported, That still as ages onwaid rolrd, so does Dr. Denvir. Here you have the church's decision cess of our speculation, I intend commencing the business warks and nirt of d
gales ' ; eck load, having experienced very - heavy to 14s 6(1; mixed 7s to 9s. . Woodside Ferry .... •• -
may be found some admissions of a very curious kind. Thv cause long. quelrd, the bigot's pen in favour of this interpretation of the Scripture, for if they , ter S
myself by insuring my daugh . he shall be the first to GLUE-Per cwt. 60s to 655. Egremont Ferry
Alene would paint thee unto men, receive themselves, much less give to you, this sense of these Ann Monde'', Roberts, hence for Demerara, at Be numaris 2nd GLASS-Wine and porter quarts per gross 345; ditto pints 30s ; Rock Ferry
Let the following be taken as a specimen:- figure in the list of young ladies insured to obtain a husband. instant Monk's Ferry
With each dark tint that ready lie parts of Scripture different from the chutch's sense, these Fill up the blanks of the printed form. Kyle, Fletcher, from Calcutta, at Gravesend ditto half pints 22s ; imperial quarts 425; ditto pints 335. t per . 7' ..:. 5• 0 .... .
" The lecturer then gave a detail of the injurious effects of And fact-distorting haste supply, bishops plainly violate their solemn oath to their church. " Age ?" demanded the Director. Nereid, Atkins, from Odessa for this port al Torb y cent. off for breakage. Steam Tug Company
Ilarrineton Docks
the sugar and coffee monopolies, and argued that the destruc- Until thy once fair name should be Now mark, per -contra. These same Scripture lessons, " Seventeen." Gazelle, Alford, from Hamburg for tnis Port, off athe•Wich t
Favourite I . HIDES AND SKIN s.-Salted hides per cwt. 30s to 31s ; ditto calf' • e
skins 3d to 30 per lb. Apothecaries' Company
-
tion of' the corn monopoly would bring the landowners into op- On earth a monstrous memory, translations, extracts, notes and comments, are in Dr. ~ Name and surname ?" . , toe, from Poole for this port, at Portsniouth sth Liternua-Per lb. British 11,1 to 16d; native light 10,1 to 11,1; Asphalts, (Liverpool) . 9 -....-.• ~•• .1 0 0 ....
pasition to every other kind if monopoly." A hissing, a reproach, and last, Mac Hale's judgment abominable and vile-exhibiting, as he „ Eupheinia Lebrun," instant. with loss of jili-boom, &c. and sailed for Cowes
Chieftain Anders, ditto 4211). to 451 b. per hide, 14(1 to 15d; ditto 481 b. to 50Ib. 15d -- (Polonceau) 2 .... 1 5 0 ....
The landowners of England are, really, deeply in- Y'on baby's bug-bear that has past. asserts, the " latest spirit of the Calvinist," and calculated to „ Face 1,, , m, from Danzic for this port, at Elsinore, with to /6d ; calf skins 18,1 to 22d per lb. slitters ditto 144 to 151,1 •
pumps choaked. and must discharge ki is Irish _ ,
Bosh 22(1 to 264 • cordovan 18d to 20d•
i , I, 19(1 to 21d; Eng , , THE WORKHOUSE: - ,
debted to the ingenious Mr. Paulton, and-to Isis honest v. underiniue the faith of yourselves and your children-here a Decidedly pretty." Kilmarnock, Eeeleston, hence for a-es, c i 'le atß . I 1• b 11 9,1 • d
s • ;s, , ow more, s a 3, e ies to 10,1. Pieces upwar s.
you have this decision against this interpretation of the Scrip- " Talents ?" leaky, and part of her cargo thrown overboard LEAD.-Pig per ton £l9 ; sheet £2l; pipe £23108 ; shot £24. •.. •
patrons! The aim-the avowed aitn-of the anti- Yet haply higher feelin3s came, tore. If Dr. AlacHale tlid not reject it, thinking it, as he ~ Henry Alexander, Pyke, from Barletti for this port, at Fah- Oias-Rape refined per cwt. 428 • brown rape 40s; tur • Statement of the average number and e4ense "of paupers in
Music, drawing, dancing, horticulture." pentane
corn len faction is, not merely to rob and ruin land- Mingled with that "soul stifling shame,"
does, contrary to the sense of the church, he would plainly mouth, with part of her cargo (wheat) thrown overboard, and loss 75s to 8(ls ; linseed 32s to ass. ' the Workhouse for the week ending .. -
Far Pisgah' prospects of a time " Fortune ?" of bulwarks, &c. Paupers. r Head. Per ireek.
owners and farmers, but after having ruined them, to violate his solemn oath to the church. " All I possess when I die, and MAO francs on the day Lockwoods, Sproule, RATESEED7-44S tO Iss per cwt.
When, slowly brightening out of crime, , Oct. 27, 1838
from St. John, N.B. for this port, at Mil- SLATES-Queens, tone, sized,sos; tons, 355; quarters. in lengths;
convert their desperation into the instrument of ruin- A better raee of men would rise ' Dr. Murray, on kis oath to his chureh, sifts these books, of her marriage." ford, with loss of sails, quarter-boat, and 18 feet•warer hs her hold 50s ; half ditto 255; cOmmons 12s : duchesses Ists I:9 lOs ; eds Oct. 28, 1837
• • examines, approves, sends them out under his seal to you a •
rhat will do, Monsieur." metantbo, Simpson, from Cuba for Cork, at Milford, with loss .L 7 10s; countesses, lids, £6 ; seconds, 90s • ladies, lsts, 35s ; _ , .:
----;
ing every other class, whose possessions or privileges Beneath free.d England's bracing skies, Less 61 Afore 0 21- More 10 12. ry
and your children, as not contrary in anything to the sense ‘, You may fix the rate yourself, and the age at which the of foremast, bowsprit, &c. ands. 40s, doubles. 30s; and mosses 80s per th'ousand.
may remain to be an object of desire to Mr. Paulton's Whose thoughful spirits still would pause, ---•-•„.
Wm. Waters, Roe, from Havana for London, was spoken 29th SALT-Perton 48s to 50s.
in which the church receives the Scriptures. indemnity shall be paid " said the father proudly as he
paymasters. The landed " monopoly" is, in the first And, mournful, question of thy cause ; Dr. Mac Hale, on his oath to his church, denounces them thought of the charms of his only daughter.
, - , Sept. in lat. 30 3, long. 81 3, with loss of bolwarks, and 7 feet water SOAP-White per cwt. 38s to 40s Od; yellow 20s to 25s Od. Statement of daily relief paid out-doon,poor thieweek ending '
Nov. 5, 1834 2067 families. per week, £243. 4 ;1" '-,
place, to be pulled down, and then the ex-monopolists And love to trace some spark in thee .
as pernicious tracts, and declares that a note in the very- last a r in ller hold Sy...Reit-40s per cwt.
'lsere is every reason to hive that Mademoiselle Euphe- Starling, —, hence for Quebec, was spoken in lat. 47, long. Tites-Floaring per dozen 4s to ris. Nov. 6, 1837
,
Of that immortal energy .
number goes to affect one of the sacraments of your church- mia will have no claim on us for the indemnity," said the 49 .
of land are to be made useful, after the fashion in Which bade; of old, Hipparchus know TALLOW-Melted per cwt. 56s to 60s; bladdered lard 61s to 63s ;
confirmation.
which Mr. Paulton himself now aspires to be useful- For what a despot's myrtles blow- . young; partner, as he collected his papers and departed. Bear:aunts, Nov. 3.-The ./Elus, Sellis, hence for London, has rough ditto 40s to 425; fat per stone 4s 6d. to Is 10d. • Less 26 •' • • Less It 10 10 a.
. . Now, since both these most reverend combatants have As he passed through the beautiful pleasure grounds which bee,n condemned as unseaworthy TOBACCO-801l per lb: Is 4(1 to 4s. . - ta-------r-7-------a-- `
useful, that is to say, in the wav of depriving other Men who could plead for him who gave sworn the tame oath, and both conspire in unity of imposture surrounded the villa, in order to reach his cabriolet, which ' - '- '
Naw lonic Oct "0 -The Octorara, Decan, from Liverpool for WIIISKP.Y. OLD-Imperial gallon, 6s lalto 7s Oil ; new 68 4d to LIVERPOOL DISPENSARIES.
men of their utility, of their social value. All " mo- Life.'s glorious sunshine fur the grave ; upon you, as to make you repeat in your creed the same he had directed to wait for him at the gate of the park, he re ; a , 1
Philadelphia was on shore on Stoney Point 14th instant, but got 6s 6d. In bond 3s to 3s 6(1.
And, ;handering o'er that priceless cost °a wa-ou.',.amag , aft(•r dischargine part of her cargo. The SMITHFIELD HAY MARKET. Ha . •
nopolies," in short, are destined to destruction-ex- thing they swear, namely, that you will only receive the Sa- perceived a young and lovely girl in the midst of the flOwers, Nestor, Veitch, fron!: Demetara foi -Charleston, experienced from Straw y, Is 2d to as 5d per cwt. ; Nutnber of new patients entered on the books of the Disrcluars° .
Which, gain or grieve he might, he lust. Is 3d to Is 6d per ditto.
cred Scriptures in that seuse which your lioly Mother the duritig the last week:-
on which she was lavishing her cares. Unaware that any 28th to 39th ult. A succession of gales and hurricanes, from S.E. SPITALFIELDS.-Sept.27.-Bacon per cwt. 48s to 558 ; Harris 54s tat '
cepting, we presume, the " monopoly" on which Mr. His hapless country's rights to win- North. South. To
Church has held and does hold, I thiuk your own plain com- to N.W. ; in about lat 32, sprune
wson was near. she was singing a little air which Ciufi a leak, lost all her masts, and to 565; cheeks, 38s to 493 od; cool butter 9d to 10d; firlsin 84s to Receiyed adeice and medicirie at the Insti-
Paulton's employers thrive! Would, 1-y her slaverY, weigh his sin. S. mou sense, which is always found most consonant to true re- amourcau had Made fashionable, as she tied up the flowers 1 her beam ends ana abandoned by the crew, which 90s : 'doddered lard, 62s to 655.
was thrown o; „ baton . .280 206 486
The brief sentence which we have quoted contains * " Before the council he still displayed the same intrepid ligion, might lead you to ask yourselves the following plain or wat h h h t 1 1 • 1 d
ered them, w ere t e ea la, pare le them up. The have arrived at Savannah • Pon T. V .
L 1 Mamma Co aa's-aarin.-Fowl per pair 28 ad to Visited at their own houses and suppl* d
je
an epitome of tke whole policy of free trade-its ends, firmness, mixed even with scorn and disdain, refusing to questions:- young Director p .
aused a moment to admire the slight but 3s ad ; Chickens, Is 8d to 2s 0,1; ducks, ts Od to as 6d. with medicine • . 117.. 96 533
and the means by which these have been already par- discover his accomplices, and shewing no concern but for the If the church can tell the people the sense of the scrip" well rounded figure, the glowing colour, and beautiful hair of THURSDAY. 'NOVEMBER 8.-Wind \V.-South. EGG MARKET-Wholesale, Is 64; retail, 5s 8,1 per 124. —.---
PoTsaro alauxeT.-Pinkeyes, ts 4d to • - : • •
Atte "s 1 'B ' f ar • •h• C I 1 •
avzo.-. orth riton, —, rom , namic 1- et um -m•, a 2s &I ; Cups, ts Od to Total at each Dispenser
rise "-H nata. es car she not tell it as well to Dr Murlay and Dr Mac i Y 4firt: 302 719
s 4d per cwt.
tially attained, and by which they bid fair, at no dis- failure of the enterp . tur ~ . • ` • hie Young person. " This, undoubtedly," thought lie, "is Pentreath, from Quebec-Margaret, Mills, from Alexandria. a
1 Yet the historian, attnost in a breath, ascribes to the Hale ? • . BUTTER 11ARKET--P • .VISITOR 4. • '
.. •.;
the deuiliter of M. Lebrun. I have commenced most for- E•vpt-Ilebecca, —, from Trieste-Egidius, Duyts, from os. F • er ih, , cool, gid to tod ; fresh Od to 10(1. North-Mr. S. Barber, 'Rev. •Moses Fishefr -and Mr. W.. l'•
tent period, to be fully worked out. The policy of .. . dct very inconsistent with this characteristic a. Isn-Turbot. per lb. ls to Is 4d; crimped cod, 5d to 7d ; soles ~ ,
conspirator con u If the church cannot tell our bishops the sense in which s• and alilloed-S America,
lcnately. No danger of so fair a creature being obliged to tend-Penelope, Luekie, fro Smyrna . • • . Macgregor.
11( • •
free trade, in short, is that policy which dictates the account. But how far anv reliance is to be placed on ex- she holds the Scripture fur themselves, how cau she tell it to York ; sailed 20th ult. Ito Is 21, lobsters, 2s to 4s 6d each; oysters, 4s Od to 3s; fresh South-Mr Francis Jordan R ' "•A '•' . ` 1••• J.•
Barstow, from New , er. J. lartineau, and. the Re
demand her indemnity." He cast another glance at the lady herrings, 4s fid to 5s 6d per Mid. .
sacrifice of one class of producers after another, in the pressions wrung forth by tile gentle examination of the rack them for us? Aspinall.
and proceeded towaras the gate. COALS-Whitehaven, 19s; Carlisle, 178; Harrington, 18s; Scotch • • •
order, which may best suit the convenience of the idle and screw appeared to form p
no art of Hume's inquiry:l- If they cannot tell the church's sense of the Scriptures, g t at scar
A fortni h h 1 • eels, passed, when M. Lebrun returned ntic Seatle hence at Miramichi
Atha . ,
N Y k 6h '
Liverpool, (steamer) left the Cove for ew or , t instant, at 20s ; Kilkenny 35s to 37s per ton. It. WEDGWOOD, SeeretarY•
consumers of society-and which dictates, moreover, Cupid. why do they impose on us by pretending they can tell it to to his house in the Chaus'ee d'Antin. It .was his dau h • '• • Sh •h d -00 t ff I
g-ter 9 a.m. with about -5 passengers. aa • ons oue _ sa Dispensaries Office, 1, Fenwick-street; sth NovalB3B.
-.-.....---. us ? . • =---___-,--------------'- •
the conversion of each of the ruined classes of pro- • who teased him into quitting the countrs .He was astonished Olive, Blanchard, from Bay Chaleur for Naples, was ahandoned
If they can tell the church's sense of the Scriptures, why AN ACCOUNT OF CATTLE, LATEST DATES AT LIVERPOOL.
that his dar Eunheinia should so suddenl - aband • the st sea 20th ult. with 10 feet water in the hold, having been run
•
ducers into the instrument subsequently of ruin to TRIAL OF ONE OF THE UN-HOLY BROTHER- are they now fightiug in the public papers abuut it them- : e • _ . y . on, In
flf by the North Star, from Liverpool for Philadelphia; crew Imported into Liverpool, from the 31st Oct. to the 6th Nov. ---
ou o
HOOD OF AN TI-C Hlt IST FOR MURD ER. midst of the summer season, her flowers , which she loved so Direct. Indirect. Front. Ditect. . Indirect.
other classes. Such has been the unfailing character selves? arrived at lailrush. . FROM IRELAND. . Calcntta ..
(From the Statesman and Dublin Record.) well. He naturally sought for some reasons for such a She • 0 f N •wry at the Isle of Man, after being Cows. Sheep. Pigs. Horses. Mules. Calves. Lambs. 1
of the effects which have, for twenty years, followed lf these Scripture extracts and comments of the Board of pherd, werna rom a , lombay ..
„„
We give at length the trial of the friar, Mr. "Joseph Education are not according to that sense which our Holy ' '
channe and more than once said to himself, " Is it mssible
I •on shore, hound to Lancaster 1850 3133 5564 97 - 69
.. - Mauritius
the march of whig political economy. The currency h b• 11 Previous' .91187 14948' 1-4,--
that she can by some c ance or ot et
.ave latrine,' an attach- Betsey, Widdecornbe, from London for this port, at Plymouth, - 3 4 4 4,3 5154 236 352 28682 Lima ..
Jerome"-two very saintly prenomina-Carrick, for Mother the Church has held, and dues hold, how dare Dr. ..
bill of 1819, far instance, was a bill framed for the ex- t Paris ," At last he •
ment for some person a • . could no longer rgo shifted hoeing been s'rucle by a heavy sea cc:unwise. St. Helena.
ca
• - • - -I's • • • Y h 1 W *th d• ,r •
Sylph Partin frotn . ( rs, a, at armout , . .WI arnaaa , and Cows.. Sheen. Pigs. Horses. Calves. Lambs. Rio.
press purpose of placing all t se
I other classes of the the cruel a 1
nt. most tom e rnur er o a poor i e , urray vio a e us oa ,an
I 13-1 d f l'ttl M • •I t l*- th d • d h t • f
hen t em ou as genuine or doubt that he had conjectured rightly-for 1 ' -
ler ninety was .• , - 23 447 265 18 10 Sept. 1 •
' • the education of our children ? . . - ' • loss ot-sails bound to C'pool - Bahia .... Sept.l6
f babe, of two years old, entrusted to Ins care for trans- fled-her music drawing, flowers, were all ne,,lected and a Previously
community at the mercy of the moneyed class, and o . I• I
f t ley, are
sat:cording tothe sense of the church, how dare . , - • ' . ' ' h el tlf h
Mary, ---7-, trom t e Cla e, a aran am 176 64 2089
mission to a monastery. The case was tried at the tear sometimes betray e er s e . o
__
d h ecr t B t •I " ' '
"o•could have An- • Ell • Gal heuce and Madeira, et Demerara . --
the body of idle consumers. That bill deprived land- Dr. Mac Hale violate his cath and reject them, and refuse the , s il, . i , .. s
f City Commission, before the new Roman Catholic sense of the church to us ind to ourchildren ? spired this passion ? What opportunity AA'aS there for a . Demerara Planter, . from Bristol, ;it Demerara • TIDE TA-BLE..• •,, . ,
...-0,..,
owners of half their property, and ruined tens o gallant to press hi, suit ?He was determined to discover Cambridge, Bursley, and Shakspearia. Collins, hence off New PACKET 130ATS.-FALMOUTH STATION
Chief Baron, Mr. Woulfe, and Mr. Justice Moore; If either of.them can know what is the sense of the church, Days. Alm. Ben. \RI, - - ~. ~
thousands of farmers and of respectable tradesmen. the mystery. "My dear Euphemia," said he, "you have York 21st Oct. GENERAL POST-OFFICE, Nov. 6. •• •• , . - ~..i,) '"
and the court-house, we understand, was filled With how can either of them keep their oath, when they swear to Thomas Crisp, Bloom, nnd Alexander Robertson, Whitley, - : '-,-
That-bill more than doubled the power of creditors become wonderfully serious. On what can your thought b
•ve it only in that sense ? -s e hence at Odessa - _Mails made H. M. 11. 1.4 .F. T.. .! .'' ' ' :, .-:44t
• • all monks and friars, all, doubtless, much concerned for
over debtors-and crippled productive industry in _ 1, . recto .
If they cannot agree on what the sense of the church is on always occupied ? ' What new sentiment can have taken Corsair, --; Ellen Ilighfield, —; Racer, . , and DESTINATION. up tn ~.
Last Packets ..Next Packets Tuesday 6 130 153 16 0 I.4eortar& t a „4,
Id k T
the fate of "brother Josep I,' in tle oc . he case osse
n ssion ' p • k t f kl
of -our num . Spea ome ran y; you know Emma, , hence at Constantinople London. Sailed. Due. Wednes. 7'2182•42 14 '1 Saturn lets 4h 53m even. ~,-?,
its fern* as no single legislative measure, perhaps, -- • their own oath, how cats they tell it to us and our children, as ! ,- • 3' Thursday 8 3 8 336 12 4 Venus eiges ph 13in morn. • . ait
was one of the most revolting and execrable it has th„. pretend we must receive it in the Creed ? how ueariy I love you ; can you have seen some person who Eliza Sandars, Bully, hence at Syra, and cleared 13th Oct. for --- . ----------- •
Friday 9 , 416 44a 11 0 • MATS rites 1111 5611 morn.
_. 7
ever crippled productive industry before. has captivated your affections ? lfit is a proper match, you Constantinople Holland ... ...... "I ues. & Fri. Mon. & Thurs.
The effects of the currency act did not, moreover, ever been our misfortune to read. Burke, the infa- Are OUT poor children to receive one sense of the Scripture cannot doubt that I shall be ,inly too glad to unite you to him Fanny Palmer. Easter, hence at Syra • Hamburg 8,-, Swed. Tues. & Fri. Tues. & Satur. Saturday 10 1 5.23 -6 2 10 10 Mars bac.. Moon lth 13m114,
Sunday 11 , 643 7 1.9 10 11 i 224 S. after yrin. St. Manid
s-the notorious Burke of EdinburtYli-used to
terminate vvith the direct change which it wrought in mou . • ~. under an infallible guide in Connaught, and another sense who will render you happy. Thomas & Elizabeth, Heard, sailed from Marseilles, 31st Oct. Lisbon
HA his victims out of pain at once He made his
the condition of the classes which gained by it. No : I • I ' f ll•bl 'd
' L -
of the Scripture under anot ser in a 1 e gui eln einster " Well then father I acknowledge that Ido love " said . and Antigone. Gibson, Ist Nov both for Liverpool . Madeira ... • - Oct. 29 ''
Nov. 11. ...001
Mi - 'NI • r M. M. d f L 1 f T • t
LIORD.,I +O. O.- ary ars en, rom iverpoo or ries e. Spain & ihralt.
' -and which of these can we believe to be the sense of the la a ' ' a '' "'• 1 11 .t.• • • ' .----.-
cAptienna, with toat timidity ant est ation which a young is discharging M alta and Greece.. 2nd Saturday ... •Oci. 29.
r ducers who were crushed beneath the livelihood by murder ; but he did, not prolong the ago- .
the classes o. pro . , . ,
.„ „ ~ , church ? , girl cannot free herself from, even when confessing the state ,
influence of that measure became, of necessity, instru- nies of nis "subjects .ne put tnem out or tne way •rhis is a good interpretation, says the infallible organ, Dr. of her affections to her own father. Madeira
ray, of R daughter.
mints for the destruction of other orders of producers. as speedily as possible." But the fri ,
ar " Joseph Je- m • -
urray. . " A lid who is he?" said M. Lebrun. •••'' ,
V tOsrlo EntereD for totaling. Brazil &B. Ayres. each month
America Oct. 5. Nov. 23.
Ist Wedues. Hope, Oct 6. Skylark,Nov.lo .• •
Yesterday, the wife of Mr. Charles Marshall, of a son.
Such, in like manner, have been the effects of free rome," insensible to the strongest appeal to the heart, This is a false interpretation, says the infallible guide, Dr. ,t That is his secret as much as mine," replied the daughter ~ .. ,
•
.
f Jamai L'ward Ist day of Lord Melville l'igeon, MARRIED. .....'.. ~
trade, and of the unrestricted use of machinery on the in the act of
the cry of helpless infancy, delighted . . M'Hale.
Send your children to learn it, says Dr. Murray. with great tranquillity.. " I cannot speak of it without his
but I will ask him when I see him to allow me to . (SINCE OUR LAST PUBLICATION.)
—...,,,,,—_ 2 Isl. Rs Ilayti..
Laguira
On the 17th ult. William, youngest son of the late Edward , .
Condition of the hand-loom weavers. That body of cruelty, and with nothing but murder in •
his intent
,- ' Don't send Your children to learn it, says Dr. Mac Hale. consent,
declare his name." EAST INDIES, CAPE OF GOOD HOPE, ,a•c, Mexico .nd Ha- a 15th day of 1-1.M.8 Penguin Swift, Esq. of Beaumaris, to node'', eldest' dausahter Of John Classe° '
ProdUcers-to the number of 800,000-has been sacri- destroyed by a slow, and lingering, and horrible iero- Follow me and the board, says Dr. Murray. British Meruhant R Birnie, 500 Bombay
This reserve only excited the curiosity of M. Lebrun. He ' • ; Langtrys &Co vana...
ficed to the idle eonsumeis of society ; and then, the ctousness. Well, after a good deal of think „,
ina about Follow me and the church says Dr. Macgale. pressed his daughter more and more to uame her lover. Frankland, J Webb, .16 Caleutt•ti, Bold &Starkey r Jainai. L'ward 15th day of H.M.B. Pandora Magnet, same day, at Stretton, Mr. James Pondlebuiai to Elisala .
unfortunate band-loom weavers have been used as it, the jury have found him guilty of ag,gravated man- Now, what shall we do with our children ?-shall we send At last she said, "Give me only three days, and I witl then NEW SOUTH WALES. I Isl.& Hayti.
Carhtagena
On the 31st instant. ot Kirk Materhold, John Andrews. ter
slaughter We are happy that justice has overtaken
agents in depressing the condition of every otlaer class •
~ . • them to learn the sense of th ,
ii the sense of the church ? e church or to learn what isnot .conceal nothing from you."
The next day the young Director of the new Insurance Formosa, G Toole. 535 Sydney. Brodie & Hamilton
WEST INDIES AND MADEIRA. _
of the late John Monk, Esq. •o de ..'
of labourers. the wretch in the way of judament-we hope it wi .
es Our bish•ips warn us against the Bible, on the pretence that Company for Promoting Marria Ye, came to pay a visit to his
h Josephine, J Scott,
' bow
Ada, - Guy , 310 Barbadoes,
58 Trinidad, T Lee & Co
T& H Murray PREMIUMS OF INSURANCE AT LLOYD'S. On the Ist instant. at Bury, Thomas-Williarris 'Esq. of R 1
Janeiro, to Mrs. Martha Searls, of Bury.
_, . .•
So, again, the new poor law was framed, in order to not.be arrested in the way of punishment. We hope it d
is angerous, I'm that Protestants cannot agree in the sense- partner. "Oh! my dear fellow, ' said M. Lebrun, when he LONDON & LIVERPOOL, Outward. Home. • niggle-
Same (lay, at Armthorpe. David Maude, Esse. sti iendiary
rob the labourer of the fair value of his labour ;-and, Lord Normanhy will not be ind .
' need to display the le- of it, but that we are sate it we submit to the sense of the saw hi "
m, you would never guess-?" SOUTH nMERICA. (Sailing before 12th Jan.)
trote et Manchester. to Marianne, (laughter ots the ate Jotin 13 . '
then, the hope of the schemers has been, that the de- nity of his government in this instance-we hoptt he church.; but here our own two archbishops canoot agree on a Guess what ?" : Thos. Battersby, - Leitch, 323 Pernambuco, J Battersby Ss Co to , .... .... •••• • • • • son, Eaq. of Doncaster, and widow of the late Williain Brig •
' ht rot.
their o ' • • • f the
miss before the public as to what is the sense o ‘, That us •daht' 1 ti "nspired by the tender pas- Lavinia, E Brown, . 209 Rio Janeiro, W& .1 Tyrer Jamaica 2ss 0,/ '4 os 0(1 84s 04 0105 s 0• On the sth instant, at Waltonaon-the-Hill Riehard Harrison'
frauded labourer will assist them in defiauding
• ' the will be firm for once in resisting the temptation of pc).
_hurch, .
ut , 1 y ug er is a rea y 1 asonside, W A "%Mahe'', 272 Rio Janeiro, Cotesworth ga smith Leeward Isl. Deme• 2a Beabiee• 2.0 0- 0 0 40 •0- 0 0 Esq. solicitor, Holywell. to Miss aeannett Gordon, of issoute•
b b •awl and contradict each other in the public pa-
pular applause in •exchange for a rank abuse of time ' sion." UNITED STATES. Honduras . M - 0 0 'lO5 . 0 -147 0 house, Everton. 4 4-0
landowner and the farmer. . pers-one actually printing a book as according to the sense ‘, oh,” said the Director, " that must be the effect of tbe New York, Boston 4)- 30 0 20 0 ' 0 0 ,
Te think the ccmple e execution t
The fruit-growers of Kent are, in conformity with royal clemency. li , . 0 ot the church • • d •
, an another declaring that it subverts even a Steielitz, J Gibson, 400 Roston, Focke & Boult
Charleston, Savannah - 0 0 20 0-70 0, , • , r a
insurance." - John Anderson, JII Miller, 474 Charleston. Wll Gilliat '
DIED. • • --
the same system, marked out tor destruction ; and no the law particularly necessary in such a case as this ; saerament of our religion.
• " A wonderful effect it is at all events. Why, a month has Margaret, W Chalmers, SGB Mobile, Baring Brothers &Co 7/17:ans
Orleans - 0 0 50 0- 0 0 On the 28th of July, at Be • • . s
, . woe Artlinf •..
rdn, Africa; Ilem7 1 Hun d late :•-,
doubt, it is contemplated by Mr. Paulton's patrons, because we regard the murder as one clearly flowing My countrymen, my sensible•countrymen-if this be not scarcel I d-• th ' nce took place. By Jove, Sire. Camphe
v. e.apse slute e Insure 11 J Robinson, 535 Mobile, 13old & Starkey can„da - 0 0
00- 00 00- 0.0 eldeataon of the late Lieutenant Henry 0 Miller R.N. an ais
agent to the firm of M - '. a ''dCo of l'''
lain sense, tell me what is ? W.ll -
1 any man pretend again f t uate !If we have only another such piece of Shakspeare, - Anderson, 617 NeW Orleans, W Sad Tyrer • • 84 0- 0 0 00-. 0. 0 essrs. Hamilton,datkson, an • •
f Popery and therefore one P
that the fruit-growers, when fairly ruined, will join in out of the influence o , , . to talk of the church's sense of the Scriptures ?-Behold how you are or u . , . . hNh A. erica
Britis ort . m town.
11 b • • • Mary, J Morton, 344 New Orleans, G Brown
'no. d fortune the fame of the Ctsmpany wt ein esery per-
goo , _ Newfoundland OO-0040 0 - 0 0 n's
the clamour a "ri ttl t. ance to wheat-growers which it is the more necessary to punish as a warm ,
gat sle con inu these men unite in depriving you of your Redeemer's Word, Caledonia, W Pilcher, 399 New Orleans, W Lockett On the Bth ult. Mrs. Elizabeth Astbtir Cll -lime St. Hele
y, o ege ,
25 0 - 0 0 25 0 - 0 0 del . -
age , ward
of that protection which has been withdrawn from and terror to evil doe .
rs The individual, J. J. Car- on the pretence of your receivinr, your church' • •ense (f th son's mouth."
• 6 ' ' ' e They were conversing in this manner when .Euphemia en- , ' „ Brazils
Sheridan FDe Peyster, 1092 New York, IV & J Brown &Co • pi
. Ittver ate - 40 0 30 0 - 0
- 0 On the jOth ult;on hoard the brig antelope!, on'. her home „its ,
, ,
rick, mieht have conceived the thought of fraud, de- Scriptures, anti then when their passions, their pride, their EUROPE. East Indies .. 35 0-40 0 .30 0-40 0 -
themselves. . b udices;• their polities or their ambition, lead them to •4 m i i
te red the room. She' blushed on seeing the stranger.
Fairy Quee a
n, J Welch, 10a Alexandretta and Beirout, G Yates • Company's Ships 45 ,I .-. . 0 50 0- 0 0 1
passage from Africa' Mr Daniel Crop, codper, Son of the late 1,1
The landowners and farmers are also doomed; and c , , .
•eption and murder - but let it be well observed, he prej _
uarrel about the mode of enslaving you, neither prudence ' " •cl 1 1 t the •o . • " What
y ( aug ster, sat I% .Le /run ts y u.ne wan. Frederick, S Gimes, 177 Algiers, Eshelby, Rowett &Co Batavia - 0 0 lenry Crop. of thi; tow:n hard •si ,
d it u on the ha iless babe q
ao confident are the anti-corn law schemers of the suc.. could never have execute p 1
Or decency can impose any restraiut on them, but they pro- do you think of her ?"
"Sh • Firefly, W Easter, 116 Constantinople and Smyrna, Bahr &Co New South Wales - 0 0 On the 15th nit. at Altrincham, Jane the Wife of R. J. Grant.
0, ._
•
Esq. of Altrineham, and daughter of the late William Venni° ,_
eis admirable,' I can venture to predict she will not Crescent, It Thomas, 92 Charente, G Brown Cape of Good Hope .. - 0 0 40 0 - 0 0
Touche if Popery with its superstitious and darnna-
oess•of this-the most important in their linked suc- , , claim hood and imposture of their system in the
the false , EN of this town. st se° a
pass another year without '' Carena, W Ilayden, 292 Genoa and I.eghorn, Vienna &Jones. Africa
cession of plots against native industry-that they are ble influence, had not come to his aid. Let this be pages of the public newspapers. delaide C Granby 107 Gibraltar, W H Wood Gibraltar - 0 0 126 0-0 0 o 4 the 26th ult at the Mount, Wrexham. Iliehard, the elde
o noted. This is the truth. This is the jet of the case. Now, lastly, as to private ju 1.„ ,
..
d tement tuv dear infatuated " Father," said the young girl, regarding by turns the two A
D. 1 1 ' ' - '
is a t Huntress.- 86 Gibraltar, Cotesworth & Smith Lima, Valparaiso, Scc. - i• 0 of the late Richnrd Eyton Edwards, Esq Wrexham. wife
already carving ont the uses to which they mean t see what a farce is the farce of what they call speakers. " I promised to inform you of the person whom • W H Wood Malta, Sicily, Sec. - 0 0 Some day, at Castle Mona, aged 29, Elizaheth Adelaide, the
turn the Whole band of farmers and landowners, of
ter It was Popery that perpetrated the foul deed. Does countrymen,
dement, whenithey deny you the right of exercising „
1 1 ' . '
ove. Ibis is he." Alert, J Mould,
Pet. -----. 78 Gibraltar,
117 Leghorn, G Yates Sm r i 0 0 - 0 0 30 0 - 0 0 of Mr J. Heron
, _ Sr la and Constantinople 4O 0 - 0 0 30 0 - U 0 On t'he 30th 'I
d4O M Th • N . , nits
It ad grocer, of
any reader doubt this ? Then let him turn to the evi- Public ju - Good heavens is it possible," cried the astonished capi- Bebe, S V Thom • 121 Leghorn, Bahraßehrend &Co Malaga
Mem, u I age , r. omas ews e ,
they shall be ruined. ri. . •n‘ d• the Bible.
your un derstan in„ 1 rea ing . . talist. 20 0 - 0 0 20 0 - 0 0 Bedale, Yorkshire. , noes.
nopoly will bring dence-let him look minutely to the case. How came Lynx, J Forsyth,. 6a Lisbon, T Hampson Madeira
" The destruction of the corn mo They say you shall not exercise your private judgement „. c ~
A corning to our regulations," said, very gravely, the Mischief, J Jones, 19G Lisbon, Vianna & Jones Western Isles CdVd2oo-0- 0 20 0 - 0 0 On the 31st ult. at his father's bowie, the Rey. Danis:is/la, air.
other kind or the wretch by the child ? Mark -he was a " holv" • din. the Bible, but must subinct to the judgineut of the „
~, _ , • , ape eer s.• 00- 0 0 00- 0 0 (Baptist minister in this town,) of a fever of ten.eVays. age" ` ,
the landlords into opposition to every J , ) ,in rea , voun. D. •I • " Sherbrooke oBr en 1.05 lashon,
ire,. on I was bound to seek every means not to , . , Y . a amean Lisbon - 0 0 30 0 - 0 0 Ebenezer Jones. , t 111
h •h• 1 f hfll- f th - own s .
man-he wa s " Joseph Jerome," of tile "Balscaddin church-but see ow tat t ley con ess teo y o eir Apollo, rLe Seeleur, 85 Naples, J'Aloss &Co eadi,
allow the specified time to pass without —'' 25 0- 0 0 20 0- 0 0 On the Ist instont, awfully sudden. in a' fitalf.: aPoPleatan•aarlY e'
monopoly." • .* le by calling on you to form your private jugment, Mary, .1 Walker, •rna, Cotesworth & Smith p . ,
251 Stria ranc,
• 'n short, is (if the free Monastery." 7'hat was the way by which he found prlncip .. " True true
, • But Euphernia, how clid you get acquainted
.. '25 0- 0 0 20 0- 0 0 residence. shannon-street, aged 59, Mr. John Graves, for ,
The repeal of the corn laws. i B-ble b 1 . • d tof the
not only on the 1 , ut aso on the ju ginen with Monsieur ?" - - Holland
mn the landowners of access to Mrs. " Letitia Broncardi." Mrs. Bron• 30 0 - 0 0 30 0 - 0 0 Hollowey. near London. d So'Yr3.°;
traders prophesy truly) to conde . Church upon the Bible. "I saw him first in the country one day in going out. He Emporto. Itrimburg, Bremen, Ssc.
Gottenburg, Stockholm - 0 0 00- I 0 On the 3d instant, at Marine Lodge, umeashire. sge ovivold
r--1...,,,i se. sin the, dirty work, which is no%
v done by cardi, a very sad dupe of the system, no doubt, en- - -,-,
r. Murray .
appeals to your judgment that he gives the used to come afterw. •
ards every day. He helped me to culti- Petersburg, Riga. Scc. • O- 0 0 49 0- 0 0 the Hon. Frances Fenton Cawthorne, third and hod S 1 an
0 0 - 0 0 84 0 -147 0 (laughter of the late 'John Lord Delaval, of Leaton Dens the
........--.4 th,.. ;..‘ryst ~,D I, It in p rtnun (IR _to thie antler, nf -a'
. . . __a af the church. ...---eere--
',ate my flowers_ We naan•sai ....,. ts, the nark_ and_ at last Oporto 25 0- 0 0 20 0- 0 0 Ford Castle. in the t f• N 1 I 1 1 and widow .itiee
. . . .
~.. . coml. yo . , ord.
i,om ley,anc,,...‘,
T0rt,,,,,,,t ,

monop9ly."
The repeal of the corn in short, k (if the free
traders prophesy truly to condemn the landoo ners Of
England to do the dirty work, ‘sliich is now done by
men of the stamp of Mr. Poulton.

TRIAL OF ONE OF THE UN-HOLY BROTHER
HOOD OF ANTI-CHRIST FOR MURDER.
(From the Statesman and Dublin Record.)
We give at length the trial of the friar, Mr. "Josepi
Jerome"—two very saintly prenomina—Carrick, for
the cruel and most horrible murder of a poor little
babe, of two years old, entrusted to his care for trans..
Mission to a monastery. The case was tried at the
City Commission, before the new Roman Catholic
Chief Baron, Mr. Woulfe, and Mr. Justice Moore;
and the court-house, we understand, was filled with
monks and friars, all, doubtless, much concerned for
the fate of "brother Joseph," in the dock. The case
was one of the most revolting and execrable it has
ever been our misfortune to read. Burke, the infa.
mous—the. notorious Burke of Edinburgh—used to
put his victims out of pain at once. He made his
livelihood by murder; but he did not prolong the ago-
nies of his -"subjects:" he put them out of the way
as speedily as possible." But the friar, "Joseph Je-
rome," insensible to the strongest appeal to the heart,
the cry of helpless infancy, delighted in the act of
cruelty, and with nothing but murder in his intent,
destroyed by a slow, and lingering, and horrible fero-
ciousness. Well, after a good deal of thinking about
it, the jury have found him guilty of aggravated man-
slaughter. We are happy that justice has overtaken
the wretch in the way of judgment—we hope it will
not be arrested in the way of punishment. We hope
Lord Normanhy will not be induced to display the le-
nity of his government in this instance—we hope' he
will be firm for once in resisting the temptation of po-
pular applause in exchange for a rank abuse of the
royal cleMency. We think the ccmple e execution of
the law particularly necessary in such a case as this;
because we regard the murder as one clearly flowing
out of the influence of Popery, and therefore one
which it it the more necessary to punish as a warning
and terror to evil doers. The individual, J. J. Car-
rick, might have conceived the thought of fraud, de-
ception, and murder ; but, let it be well observed, he
could never have executed it upon the hapless babe
Touche, if Popery, with its superstitious and datnna-
ble influence, had not come to his aid. Let this be
noted. This is the truth. This is the jet of the case.
It was Popery that perpetrated the foul deed. Does
any reader doubt this ? Then let him turn to the evi-
d,?nce—let him look minutely to the case. How came
the wretch by tl.a child ? Mark ; he was a " holy"
man—he was " Joseph Jerome," of the "Balscaddin
Monastery." That was the way by which he found
access to Mrs. " Letitia Broncardi." Mrs. Bron•
cardi, a very sad dupe of the system, no doubt, en-
trusted the infant with nine pounds, to this villian, of
whom she knew nothing, but that lie was one of the
" professed." Thus Popery blinded her eyes, and de-
luded her into mistaking
a ruthless murderer for a holy
—a really holy man What a complete and dreadful
misconception of an unholy agent of Antichrist—a
Popish friar. Thus Popery consigned the infant to
his care. Now mark how the end was achieved. The
hapless infant was not taken to the holy convent of
Balscaddin. Whether there be such a place in rerum
natura or not is immaterial ; but the child was taken
to the friar's lodging in John's-lane, and not to Bals-
caddin or elsewhere ; and then the "holy Joseph"
commenced his system of a slow death upon it. Now
look at the evidence. We say that if the same drunken
and stupid delusion bad not infatuated the mind of
others, the "holy Joseph's" process would have been
interrupted by the visit of a police-officer long ere his
'purpose-could-have-been accomplished. We-haw 1).
witness at least (Anne Murphy) who acknowledges to
have heard and known what was going on in the friar's
room—and there must have been others, though they
were not called upon. Now why did not these people
interfere ? Why did they not call in a policeman, or
give information at a police-office, when they heard,
as they must have heard, the child's screams ? Let
Anne Murphy speak for them—we venture to say, her
answer will -do for them all—" I thought he was a
HOLY man, and used to converse with him about reli-
gion." There is the solution of the difficulty—and
so thinking—so deluded—they suffered this unholy
agent of Satan—the villanous monk of Balscaddin to
do his horrible work ! It was just like the conduct of
the people at Killinick•in the county of Wexford, when
Priest Carroll killed the child before their eyes—even
before the very parents—telling them that he was only
driving the devil out of it. Popish delusion corn-

-
THE GUN" F. I.l] X GOVERNMENT.
(From the Times.)
All the ministerial prints take credit for the fact
that their masters have refused to allow a gu to be
fired on the sth of November, or any othern official
notice to he taken of the anniversary of Gun powder
Plot. We are not surprised at this. There is no
lane too too disgraco.ful for the present ministers to sym-
pathise with if it be only in the Popish interest: and
it was to he expected that the memory of so great a
Destructive as Guy Faux would be held in reverence,
not insulted, by the Whigs, who are as mischievously
inclined, though not so venturesome, as their great
leader of Gunpowder Plot celebrity. Besides, in this
the ministers had another opportunity of insulting the
Church, of which their royal mistress is the heqcfjand J
of which they profess themselves to be members. Oi3r I
readers will recollect that there is in our liturgy " A
FORM OF PRAYER WITII THANKSGIVING, to be used
yearly upon the sth day of November, for the happy
deliverance of King James I. and the three estates of
England from the most traitorous and bloody-intended
massacre by gunpowder." Further, the ministers had
an opportunity of violating the law—which they always
love to do—especially in favour of the Popish interest.
The rubric accompanying the "form of prayer," &c.,
for the sth of November, directs that " thy. minister of
every parish shall give warning to his parishioners
publicly in the church at morning prayer, the Sunday
before, for the due observation of the said day ; and
after morning prayer or preaching upon the said sth
day of November, shall read publicly, distinctly, and
plainlv, the act Of FOTT.7-(1212CAt,. made in the 3:1 ye it of
-4 :'"Xitif ji4nes I.,i':i*Me ob.:;eriatiit of it. ' La t.;•.,., . t'ie
1:/...: -"'—iligui teralbad a 4 odportunity of allowing tn.-ir n-?..c1y-
„,,,, ' ~ • , 0
)
er '1... "rif .." w•-,',:- . '
r•fs "I:4rfj:el,-;'' 'Fs'
i.,-....7--. -I,
' IN •-•,`

•
Follow me and the board, says Dr. -Murray.
Follow me and the church says Dr. Mac Hale.
Now, what shall we do with our children ?—shall we send
herrt to learn the sense of the church, or to learn what is not
the sense of the church ?
Our bishops warn us against the Bible, on the pretence that
it is dangerous, for that Protestants cannot agree in the sense-
of it, but that we are safe if we submit to the sense of the
church.; but here our own two archbishops cannot agree oil
their oaths before the public as to what is the sense of the
church, but brawl and contradict each other in the public pa-
pers—one actually printing a book as according to the sense
of the church; and another declaring that it subverts even a
sacrament of our religion.
My countrymen, my sensible'countrymen—if this be not
plain sense, tell me what is ? Will arry man pretend again
to talk of the church's sense of the Scriptures ?-13ehold how
these men unite in depriving you of your Redeemer's Word,
on the pretence of your receiving your church's sense of the
Scriptures, and then when their passions, their pride, their
prejudices;• their polities or their ambition, lead them to
quarrel about the mode of enslaving you, neither prudence
or decency can impose any restraint on them, but they pro-
claim the falsehood and imposture of their system in the
pages of the public newspapers.
Now, lastly, as to private judgement, my dear infatuated
countrymen, see what a farce is the farce of what they call
. .
public judgment, when they deny you. the right of exercising
your understanding in reading the Bible.
They say you shall not exercise your private judgement
in reading the Bible, but must subunit to the judgineut of the
church—but see how that they confess the folly of their own
principle by calling on you to form your private jugment,
not only on the Bible, but also on the judgment of the
Church upon the Bible.
Dr. Murray appeals to your judgment that he gives the
right judgment of the church.
Dr. Mac Hale appeals to your private judgment that Mr.
Murray does not give the right judgment of the church, and
thus your immortal souls and the souls of your children are
bandied about from bishop to bishop, falsehood to falsehood,
imposture to imposture—and if they can keep you in igno-
rance and slavery, it is all that their hearts desire.
I leave it to your common sense, my countrymen, whether
the boasted unity—the speaking judge—the church's inter-
pretation—the denunciation of private judgment are not
proved by these men to be the grell yaoteustbesys,hteistne?of\vimhpeonsture
that ever was put upon a people.
will
When will you emancipate
00u ht
imn yk cl
iokuen
rt
ar yt
inorne
an
1,
tvi,
e•
ye
sw?i
yourselves and your children from thraldom and imposture
such as this ? Oh !
" Hereditary Bondsmen. know yet not,
Who would be free, themselves must strike the blow !"
May God Almighty—the God of Truth and of Salvation,
enlighten and deliver you, is the the sincere prayer, my dear
„Roman Catholic country_metb of your faithful and devoted
I friend and servant,

October 26, 1838.

R. J. M'GuEi

EXTRAORDINARY ESCAPE.--A most extraordinary escape
from almost certain death occurred on the Great Western
railway last week. As one of the watchmen was engaged in
attending to the switches, a portion of the rails which are
used for the purpose of shifting the trains and engines from
one line to another, the last train from Maidenhead, consist-
ing of the Bacchus engine with its tender and six carriages
heavily laden, came up; and before he was aware of their
near approach, they were witbin a few yards of him. Know-
ing that an attempt to escape on either side would, if unsue-
-cessful in clearing the wheels of the train, be attended with
certain destruction, the man threw himself down between the
two lines of rails, where he lay until the whole train had
Passed over his body, escaping from his
.perilous position
without the least injury, save a slight scorching from the
lighted coke which was emitted from -•tbe furnace of the
engine.

sloe."
" Oh," said the Director, "that must be the effect of the
insurance."
" A wonderful effect it is at all events. Why, a month has
scarcely. elapsed since the insurance took place. By Jove,
good fortune, the fame of the Company will be iu every per-
you are fortunate ! If we have only another such piece of
son's mouth."
They were conversing in this manner when .Euphemia en
tered the room. She blushed on seeing the stranger.
" My daughter," said M. Lebrun to the young man.
do you think of her ?"
" She is admirable; I can venture to predict she will n,
pass another year without
" Father," said the young girl, regarding by turns the two
speakers. " I promised to inform you of the person whom
I love. This is he."
"Good heavens is it possible," cried the astonished capi-
talist.
"According to our regulations," said, very gravely, the
young Director, " I was bound to seek every means not to
allow the specified time to pass without
" True, true. But Euphemia, how did you get acquainted
with Monsieur ?"
" I saw him first in the country one day in going out. He
used to come afterwards every day. He helped me to culti-
vate my flowers. We walked out in the park, and, at last,
as I found his visits too short, I thought by coining to Paris
I should see him more frequently, and for a longer time."
" In showing my zeal for the interest of the Society," con-
tinued the young speculator, " I considered —"
" Coins, my young &lend," said the still surprised fattier,
" you are a clever fellow. Stunned as I have been, I must
acknowledge that the matter has something amusing in it."
" I protest to you, I consider that I faithfully performed
my duty."
"No use in talking of it now. You already have the
800,000 francs fortune."
Quite co, rect," said the young man, taking Eupheinia
beginning. We shall have such custom front this
by the hand with the air of a martyr to his duty. "'Phis is a
We must absolutely gain millions!"
gafeloariiror

A young man, named Calmel, student of law at Caen. who
and—grade-ally decliiiid—iii
tovaids the end of last week
bileen completely worn out by the
was engaged some time ago in a duel, in which he had the
misfortune to kill his alversary, fell into a state of
_profound
RADICAL LIBSRA LITY.— One of the radical candidates re-
jected leeleaglelauxtnihislchitlirr
expired,
alntYl:disi
dayroi
esom ootdarosyf after the
having:t.- 11
his
u:ns event,t
mind.
in the Bristol ward at the late municipal election, and
who has ever been the loudest in exclaiming against exclu-
sive dealing and the bitterness of party strife, has, in cum-
mon with other members of the radical party, been attempt-
ing by every means to injure those who, from being of con-
trary political opinions, did not support the radicals at the
late election. The individual now alluded to has been in the
habit of bonding sugars, rum, &c., in the warehouse of a con-
servative, who did not vote in his favour. On the arrival of
a vessel at this port a few days since, a large quantity of
rums consigned to the disappointed aspirant to civic
honours, was instantly ordered to be bonded in the ware-
house of a radical; but when the samples were exhibited at
the broker's_ for sale, the whole was purchased by an emi-
nent merchant, and Ordered to tie bonded in the ware-
house of the very person whom the radical merchant had de-
clared should not house them.

AFRICA.
Eliza, (343) N Purdve, from Sierra Leone, 447 logs timber, 50
bg4 75 brls ginger: FIl Langley-1 box insects, It Marshall and co
D
UNITED STATES.
Colchester, (562) J Withers, from New York, 205 bls cotton, Bol-
ton, Ogden and co-76 do, Ewart, Myers and co-35 do, Baring
Bros and co-80 do, R. L Dawson and co-24 pkgs coots unkn,
Knowles and Richards-2 brls do, E W Jackson and co-1 case do
T 3z W Connagh-15 casks 4 cases 7 bales contents unknown,
order-2 cases cigars. J Kearsley and Bon-2 do, order-2 chests
do, Molyneux, Witherby and co-1867 brls turpentine, 80 tons log-
wood, Bolton. Ogden and co-6 casks cocoa, J Van Zeller and co-
-6 cases mahogany veers, F Japts-16 casks annatto, W Watford-
-25 tons Lima wood, 3 casks bees' wax, Tennants, Clow and co-46
hales goats' wool, A Gartside-7 brls isinglass, T Itimmer.jun-9
tons logwood. 'l' and W Connagh-19 water casks returned, 1 iron
camboose returned, Fitzhugh
wide Grimsbaw-1300 dry hides, 10
casks rocoa, 100 qr casks Port n, order—K D

PORT OF LIVERPOOL.

Number of vessels, with their amount of tonnage. entered inwards
at the Custom-house, from the 25th Sept. to the 24th Oct, 1838,

.......
British. Foreign. Total.
Vessels. Tons. Vessels. Tons. Vessels. Tons.
Africa
British America.... 36 17087 0 0 36 17087
Belgium 1 166 9 1415 10 1611
Denmark
East Indies 8 2755 0 0 8 2755
France ...
Germany
Holland ..
Isle of Man
.le-sM' 3 268 I
146
4 414
._ _ _

Mediterranean l5 2168 0 0 . 15 2168
POrtugal
Prussia - 1228 13 3014 20 4242
Russia.
-S werterr&-N °Tway.- - -rr - 0— 3---- 681- —3— 681
Spain
South America 23 5927 0 0 23 5927
United States
West Indies
Ireland.
Coastwise 1 855 93917 0

„ •
On the 28th of July, at Benin, Africa; 1-1* o'nr7 William ,te
rtb
eldest son of the late Lieutenant Henr G. Miller, R.N. and lab
agent to the firm of Messrs. Hamiltony,Jickion; and Co. of t”
town.
On the Bth ult. Mrs. Elizabeth Astbury, College.laue, St. Helen'_.
aged
On the joth ult. on board the brig kntelope, on'. her home e.
passage from Africa, Mr. Daniel Crop, cooper, AOR of the
Henry Crop. of this town. •
On the 15th nit. at Altrincham, Jane the wife of R. J. Granth:ro:
Esq. of Altrineham, and daughter of the late William Venn'
Esq. of this town.
On the 26th ult at the Mount, Wrexham. Biehard, the eldest son
of the late Richard Eyton Edwards, Esq. Wrexham; the wife
Same day, at Castle Mona, aged 29, Elizabeth Adelaide.
of Mr. J. Heron.
Bedale, Yorkshire. -Jo n('
On the 30th ult. aged 40, Mr. Thomas Newstead, grocer. „ late of
On the 31st ult. at his father's house, the Rev. Daniel Mr.
(Baptist minister in this town,) of a fever of ten.ctaya. aged 21
Ebenezer Jones. t
lex 9 f
On the Ist instant, awfully sudden, in a. fit:of aPeP rely °
residence, Shannon-Street, aged 59, Mr. John Graves, form
Hollowa near London. ra.
On the y, 3d in at Marine Lodge, Lancashire, aXea ss°i.eivinif
the Hon. Frances Fenton Cawthorne, third and last r and
daughter of the late .lohn Lord Dclaval, of Leaton Delard the
Ford Castle. in the county of Nortlinmberland. and wido.w..tatiee
late John Fenton Cawthori4, 'of Wyerside, Esq• repre v"
during many. successive parliam.mta for Lancaster. , unbter
Same day. aged 5 years. Charlotte Matilda, second na
Mr. Thomas John Carefull. • • •
On the 4th instant, Hannah, the beloved wife of Mr. •Ta"
ton, high Stanhope-street,-Toxt. th-park. na eldest
Same day. in Falkner-street. Bessey, the beloved a solo
daughter of Mr. George Witt. Her sorrowing parentsdie' die
consolation in the conviction that the dear departed
Lord. wilsoßs.
On the sth instant, in the 6th year of his ages George
.10.
son of 0. W. Nicholson, Esq. Kirkdale.
Same day. after a short but severe illness.Vldeli lie bot
exemplary fortitude, Mr. Robert Dunn, aged 30 years. respected.
On the 6th instant, aged 61. much esteemed an
a ti,.
Elizabeth, the wife of Mr. Thomas Dodd, Cunliffe-stree mid
Yesterday, after a very short illnesi,,a scirik- fever'
George, brother of Mr. JaMes H. Wafry, of thistown.
: : - .

/- •

0 856 929

1.:23 133931 68 16828 1096 152739

Vessels and tonnar entered the port of Liverpool fur the months
ending 24th Oct. 1837 and 183 R.
1838—Liverpool 109(1 vessels, 152719 tong.
Runcorn llB 6099'

1214 vessels, 1F8E438 tons,

1837—Liverpool 1145 vessels,.l7llB7 tons
Runcorn

1297 vessels, 178231 tons

LIVERPOOL; • . ,
FRIDAY,.NOVEMI3,ER 9, -1-144:' ~,,,a
PRINTED AND PNILMIE_...-1/ -1/60L'Ils-
EVERY— CUESDAY—A-ND 'FRIDAY' I"
BY RICHARD PATTIFIsON.
(Residence, Village of Wavertree,) nrooi, A
At No. 4. NORTH CR, CENT,X CASTLE-STRRIZT, Lisi,,s ,too 2°-.
i „
Orders and Advertisements are received 1,3* Messrs. r'Zibroot:
Co.,Warwiek-square : Barker, Feet-street ; Deacon? chin•lanal,
Reynell. Chancery-lane; Law son and Barker. 13".',,,,0nd•-t ;
Joseph Thomas, I V nch-lane, Cornhill : Munden IT:,,ineet.fttreest
Lombard-street : Mitchell, F. Bed Lion-z;oirrt• r
Clarke and Lewis, 4, Crewn-court Threadnee
"u-trr C°effree-
Garrawav's ; at the London Commeicial Coffee;
lane; at.the Jerusalem Cot Tee-house, Cornhill :. Cht'r,„,, Co-ry
house, Paternoster-row ; North and Smith P.',rn„,,.'mr" 'FreP,,4'anri
house, Threadneedle-street ; and Messrs. Wl''-f hnst°'irelen
Maitre. and Co., Sise-lane, London ; by Mr 3.Ts• • °Afve. ~.e...
Co., at their Newspaper anti Advertisement AlteineY `-'1001,1,0,
Quay, Dublin; Mr. M'Phim. Glas,,,iw ; Mr. Whfelef', R. 04
'street. Manchester ; Mr. Haddock • and Me•srS.
2. 574,00; A...
Booksellers, Warrinton • Mr. Clarke, Pilot-o."ee' ....0115
'Mr. Coops, 33, Union-street,' Birmingham. ' er % •'.
Terms of Subscription' for this P` Ps 30.1', ~.
credit, one R 2 6 % isialf-ArePrf °O.
year,.• 3., iscet
quarter, 11s: .611:—If paid in *itl'igi stteri
411
year, Z 2 2s. half-year, £1 is;
lOs 6d.
d ie.:et r;iti'n4c; off:

Decrease, Liverpool
Runedm

31 vessels

18128 tons.
945

Decreaie •• •• 83 v'essels 19373 tons,
