nant ingenuity and the most unprincipled falsehood
can suggest, is directed against the efforts of the
planter—of the British merchant who has invested his
capital in colonial property—to maintain and improve
that possession which, relying upon the faith of the
British Parliament, he has bought and paid for.
Looking at the subject in all its bearings, we cannot but
think that a feeling, which is not genuine, unmixed huma-
nity, actuates this partyin their proceedings. We cannot
remember that we have lately observed much parade
of that preference for the produce of free labour, in
our West Indian possessions, which used to be given
to the free labour of other countries. On the con-
trary, we fancy that the introduction of the slave-
grown sugars of the Brazils to the English market
would- not, at this moment, if advocated by a liberal
administration, meet with much opposition from our
pseudo philanthropists. We have.pointed out to them
again and again, and we have strengthened our posi-
tion by an array of facts which no casuistry can weaken,
that the true policy of the conscientious opponent of
Slavery is to encourage the cultivation, by free labour,
of our own possessions, which, from their extent and
fertility, are more than ten times sufficient to supply
to the whole world those commodities, for the pro-
curing of which the curse of slavery is entailed upon
the human race. We have PROVED this fact again
and again, and, from the result, we are compelled to
believe that the hatred of slavery which is ever upon
the lips of the philanthropists of the present day might
be more correctly termed the diseased longing of shal-
low minds for popular applause, mingled with the
hatred which penniless adventurers ever bear towards
those whose well-directed industry has achieved its
just reward.
We will suggest to these gentlemen a direction in
which their efforts might possibly be productive of
benefit to the cause which they profess so loudly and
with such fervency to advocate. Let the Anti-Slavery
Society allow and encourage the growth of free labour
in the British Colonies, and turn their wrath upon the
open and undisguised traffic in slaves, at present carried
on by the liberal government of France—the France of
July ! England has poured out her blood, like water, has
thrown away millions of treasure, in the honest attempt
to put down this infamous trade; and yet under a liberal
government, under a government supported by nine
out of ten of our present humanity-mongers ; she has
alloWed France openly and insultingly to purchase the
African negro, and the vessel in which the living cargo
is stowed, to be convoyed by two French ships of war,
carrying the tri-colour, Liberty's chosen ensign, at their
mast heads. 'We refer for the particulars of this bare-
faced infraction of " the inalienable rights of men," by
the government of France, to an able letter given in
another column, which we copy from the Morning
Herald of Wednesday; and we ask of the Anti-Slavery
Society, we demand of them in the name of humanity—
in the name of consistency—in the name of religion—
to raise their voice against a nation which so grossly
insults and outrages the liberties of man—the image
of his Maker!—and against a British ministry—how
unworthy of the name !—which allows and winks at
the profanation, But will these gentlemen listen to
us? Not they. We should as soon expect to see the
Ethiop washed white as this faction, which parades its
regard for the interests of humanity so prominently
take any honest step in furtherance of their own
avowed purposes, if by doing so one drop of the
sweets of official pay and patronage, could miss their
offered lips; or one stroke, aimed at the objects' of
their bitter hatred, should fail in its work of destruc-
tion

We beg to direct the particular attention of our
readers to the letter in question, and trust that the
statement which it conveys will not escape the notice
of the true friends of the Negro in the House of Com-
mons. Perhaps Mr. Scoble, the veracious itinerant of
the Anti-Slavery Society, may even find it worth .iris
perusal, although, by the bye, we have not yet heard
that either he or Mr. Cropper have found it conve-
nient to examine the documents offered to their inspec-
tion at the late meeting, by our townsman, Mr. Semple.
At any rate, we know they have not had the manliness
to acknowledge publicly the impression produced
by their perusal.

The Manchester Guardian, our vuondam, strong,
opponent On the subject'otih. corn lawS, has recently
drawn upon itself the censure of the 4nti-Corn.,Law
Circular, on account of "the exceptions taken by the
Guardian to Mr. Edward Baines's speech"----in which
the latter gentleman assigned " the eauses 'of the
manufacturing distress to the corn-laws exclusively." ,
The Guardian assumes, on what we conceive to be
satisfactory data, that, " so far as related to the cotton
manufacturer, orertrading, the prostration of credit in
America, and the conduct of the American Bank, I\ad,
in reality as much or more to do with that distress."

It is some consolation to the agricultural interests to
find one of the staunchest advocates of the manufac-
turers making such a striking acknowledgment. When
an allusion was made at the late Anti-Corn-Law
Meeting in Liverpool, to overtrading as a probable
cause of the existing distress among the operative class,
the speaker was greeted with loud cries of " no, no."
But " yes, yes" exclaims the leading organ of the
manufacturers. " Overtrading" has had "as much
or more" than the corn-laws to do with the distress,
We cannot resist quoting the following additional
rebuff which the Guardian has administered to the
selfish agitators of the Anti-Corn-law league :—" To
detect and correct the errors of the Anti-Corn-Law
Circular is a task which we have never set ourselves,
or possibly it might have had less reason to complain
of the little notice it has received from us. We have
always been the reverse of anxious either to sneer or
cavil at the proceedings of the league ; but we must
admit, that of many of those proceedings it was im-
possible for us honestly to speak in terms of commen-
dation." We wish the honesty of the Guardian had
been carried a little farther, and that it had refrained
from bestowing is commendation on the objectionable
principles of the league. However, we hope that the
Guardian, in common with the great mass of the most
respectable manufacturers, is beginning to find out its
mistakes on the subject of a free trade in corn, and
that it will forthwith retrace its steps, and repair the
mischief it has done.

Though the question of the corn-laws may be con-
sidered as set at rest, so far as the present House of
Commons is concerned, still we must urge upon the
landed and agricultural interests the necessity of
keeping up a wholesome system of agitation in their
own defence. This is indispensably necessary in order
to neutralize the active and persevering efforts of the
Anti-Corn-Law league. The lectures, pamphlets, and
public meetings of this mischievous association must
be met by counter lectures, pamphlets, and public
meetings.

The Whig-Radical party have little to congratulate
themselves upon, in the result of their various anti-
church movements during the past week. At Walton,
Manchester, and Lambeth—wherever in fact the at-
tempt has been made to insult and haras the mem-
bers of our national Establishment—the combined
forces of Popery, Socialism, and Atheism have been
signally roused. In some of the strongholds of their
party, places in which hitherto dissent has beenrampant,
the defeat has been the most disgraceful.; and we can-
not find an instance throughout the whole kingdom in
in which they have been allowed to wage a successful
contest.

We are heartily glad to observe the feeling which
the triumphant result of these factious attempts ma-
nifests in favour of the cause of true religion. We
are not sorry that they have been made. The s up-
porters of the Church of England are none the worse
for an occasional " shake up" ; and such a one as they
have had during the past week will serve to open th e
eyes of some of them, especiay of those whose opi—
nions on political matters lean towards Whiggery, to
the true character of the party with which they have
weakly suffered themselves to become entangled. They
could not (good, easy souls !) believe that the enlight-
ened patriots, whose glozing speech and plausible pre-
tences had bemuddled their intellects, entertained any
feelings of hostility towards their religion and the reli-
gion of their fathers. They could not believe that
intolerant hatred of that religion rankled in the hearts
of men from whose lips professions of liberality flowed
so glibly. They could credit nothing of this; but we
fancy that the proceedings of the past week will have
rendered some of them " sadder and wiser men."
In some places we know that the result of this anti.

church agitation is pregnant with important benefits
to
the Conservative cause. The disgusting slanders, and
the reckless personalities which have been everywhere
resorted to by the losing faction, during the bitterness
of defeat, have created a revolting sensation in the
minds of many who have hitherto ranged themselves,
although churchmen, amongst the forces of Whig-
Radicalism, whilst others, who have hitherto been
careless and lukewarm supporters of the Conservative
cause, have been aroused and goaded to the necessity
of active and unwearied exertion in its behalf. The
friends of the Church of England have been taught a
lesson, which they will not, we trust, forget, that energy
and united effort, are all that are required to enable I
them to crush and defeat its enemies.
We may especially allude, as an instance of this fact,
to the signal defeat which the Whig-Radical faction
have sustained at Manchester, and its probable con-
sequences, as evinced by the soreness with which it
is alluded to by their press. The Manchester Guar-
dian, speaking of this defeat, affects to treat it as no
real manifestation of the opinion of the parish, inas-
much as the Whig-Radical voters were deprived, by
an alleged deficiency in the arrangements for taking
the poll, of the opportunity of recording their votes.
How the Conservatives managed, being, as the Guar-
dian would have us believe, the weaker party, to poll
double the number of their opponents we are at a loss
to conceive; but we certainly are a little amazed at the
huge draft upon the credulity of his readers with which
our contemporary endeavours to alleviate their disap-
pointed feelings.
" We believe," says the Guardian, " that there are
about sixty thousand voters in the parish who.would
probably be able to give somewhere about 100,000
votes." Of these he tells us the Conservatives polled
9,942 votes, and that altogether were polled by both
parties, "perhaps not more than an eighth of the votes
in the parish." Now we must confess ourselves sceptical
as to the calculations of our contemporary. Amongst
60,000 votes, all whom must be householders, we con-
ceive that 50,000 must be married men with families.
Now taking man and wife, and an average of three
children to- constitute a family, these fifty thousand
voters would represent a population of 25,000 souls,
and adding ten thousand bachelors, the 60,000 would
represent a population of 260,000 persons. Amongst
these 60,000 voters, all of whom, we repeat must be
householders, we may fairly allot 50,000 Household
Servants and parties otherwise employed by them in
domestic pursuits ; and we have thus a population of
31,000 persons in the parish of Manchester indepen-
dently of the immense number of inhabitants who
not being rated in the parish books, must of course be
added to this number to enable us to arrive, on the
Guardian's data, at the real population of the parish o.
Manchester.

We certainly have an indistinct recollection of our
contemporary's former celebrity in this kind of calcu-
lation, and Manchester may even be a greater place
than we have ever conceived it to be; but we really
cannot be induced to swallow what to us appears so
outrageous an assumption. Besides, we cannot, after
.all, see. how the fact—if it be a fact—of. there being
60,000 rate-payers in the parish of Manchester, ac-
counts for the circumstance of Whig-Radicalism being
so outrageously beaten in the late contest.
We believe, however, that it may contribute some-
thing to ensure for the faction another beating in a con-
test which is fast approaching.

Mr. Robert. Henderson, of the Observatory, Mount-
gardens, has been recently appointed Master of the Christ
Church National School. There were seventeen crndidates
for the situation.
VICTORIA BIRTH-NIGHT CLUB.—The members, and
several of their friends, of the Victoria Birth-night Club,
usually held at Meacock's, Berry-street, met at Mr. Ford's,
King's Arms, St. John's-lane, to celebrate the natal day of
one of toe respected members. A sumptuous dinner was
provided by the worthy host, whose wines, &c. the company
pronounced excellent. The chair and vice-chair were filled
by two gentlemen much respected by the members ; and
after several appropriate speeches, well-selected toasts, glees,
songs, &c. the company retired highly gratified with the
evening's entertainments.
On Saturday next will be launched from the building-yard
of Mr. Peter Cato, west side of Brunswick Dock, a fine new
new vessel, burthen about 320 tons, built for Messrs. Chap-
man and Willis, and intended, we believe, for the East India
and China trade.
CAUTION.—The inhabitants of Birkenhead are cautioned
against a gang.of gipsies, at present located in the neigh-
bourhood of Chester-street. One of them has favoured some
of the shopkeepers with a visit, stating that they will require
a considerable quantity of articles for a wedding, to take
place in a month, and promising to bring the money before-
hand,; since which the back-doors have been visited under
the retext of sellin lace. It I.e well, erere, for
housekeepers to be ong will
their guard during the th
two months
which they state is to be the term of cantonment.
His Worship the Mayor was, on Monday last, admitted a
free and accepted mason. A splendid banquet was afterwards
partaken of by the brethren of the lodge, including the new
member, who acknowledged the congratulations with which
he was greeted, in suitable and masonic terms.

LIVERPOOL OPERATIVE PROTESTANT ASSOCIATION.—
At a special meeting of the members of this association, held
on Tuesday evening last, at the Operative Conservative News-
room, Houghton-street, Mr. Crisp in the chair, the follow-
ing resolution was unanimously passed, on the motion of
Mr. Ratcliffe, seconded by Mr. Leatherbarrow :—" That
this meeting highly approve of the address of the Finsbury
Operative Protestant Association to their Protestant brethren
throughout the country, and beg most heartily to join with
them in every sentiment contained therein, and to congratu-
late them upon the success with which it has pleased Al-
mighty God to crown the exertions of the Protestant asso-
ciations throughout the kingdom, and bid them God speed
in their holy work."—Many interesting and encouraging
statements were made, and practical suggestions given, by
various operative members, which will shortly be acted upon.
One of the most important is the establishment of a library
for the use of the members, which will at once be carried into
effect ; and any donations, either of books or money, will be
thankfully received, for such purpose, by the Secretary.
THE DUKE OF WELLINGTON'S PORTRAIT.—We beg to
call the attention of our readers to the announcement in
another column respecting this admirable portrait, which
has elicited universal approbation, as it appears that the pri-
vate view will CLOSE EARLY TO-MORROW, when the picture
will be returned to London, to be placed in the hands of the
engraver. We strongly recommend those who have been
favoured with tickets not to lose the opportunity afforded
them of viewing this last likeness of the great Duke.
FELONY BY A SERVANT.—Margaret Smith was brought
up at the Police-court on 'Wednesday, charged with having
robbed her employer, Mr. Lynn, of the Waterloo llotel. It
appeared that for about eighteen months the prisoner had
been occasionally employed in the kitchen of the Waterloo
Hotel. A few days since, Mr. Lynn received a letter, giving
him some information respecting the prisoner, in consequence
of which he made application to the Police-office. Constable
Lloyd was sent to the house of the prisoner, in a court in
Banastre-street. He there found two napkins, two sheets,
some kitchen towels. three glasses, some pie dishes, plates,
tart-pans, knives and forks, sugar and soap, part of which
articles had on them the name of Mr. Lynn, and were by
him identified as his property. The prisoner was committed
to take her trial.
The barn and cottages at the rear of Croxteth-hall, were
burnt to the ground on Sunday night last. The origin of the
fire is unknown.

THE ANATOMICAL VENUS.—The exhibition which we
have repeatedly announced under this extraordinary title,
since its introduction to Liverpool, has been greatly attrac-
tive. We have in a former number minutely described it,
and on the present occasion we shall content ourselves with
recommending all who have not paid a visit to Mr. Santi,
the ingenious artist, to lose no time in doing so.
It will be perceived by the advertisement in another page,
that our respected townsman Mr. Alexander Mackenzie, has
removed from Cable-street to that spacious and comfortable
establishment in Duke-street, the Caledonian Hotel, (for-
merly the Duke-street Hotel,) where, from his well-known
attention to the comfort of his friends, and his moderate
charges, he cannot fail to merit the continued confidence
and support of the public.
PORTRAIT OF THE DUKE OF WELLINGTON.—We under-
stand that the portrait of the Duke of Wellington, painted
by H. P. Briggs, for his Grace himself, and presented by
him to the late Earl of Eldon, with his autograph on one of
the scrolls, will be shortly exhibited at the rooms of Mr. C.
S. Burland, in Church-street. Reports speaks very highly
of the merits of this portrait.

WOOD v. IRON.—That very superior new steam-ship Ad-
miral arrived here yesterday, on her first voyage out, making
the passage from Greenock in less time by half an hour than
the from boat, which started before her.—Mail of yesterday.
[We are authorised to state that the Royal George, iron
steam-ship, left Greenock at 12 minutes past 7, and the
Admiral, wooden steamer, at 20 minutes past 8. The iron
steamer arrived at the Rock at 3 o'clock, and the wooden
steamer at - past 4. The time, therefore, occupied from
Glasgow to Liverpool by the wooden steamer was 20 hours
10 minutes, and by the iron steamer 19 hours 48 minutes ;
leaving a difference in favour of the iron steamer of 22 mi-
nutes, exclusive of 25 minutes a-taking cargo at Renfrew
and detention at Greenock, which would make a total gain
of 47 minutes in favour of the iron steamer.]
MR. VAUCHER'S PATENT Pumps.—At noon on Friday,,
there was a very interesting exhibition of the power of M.
Vaucher's patent pumps on board the Alonzo, in Prince's
Dock, in the presence of several ship-owners, captains, and
others. The construction of these pumps includes various
improvements or inventions for which letters patent have
been granted to M. Faucher. The principal feature in this
invention are, the simplicity of the machinery, a new metallic
packing to supersede the use of leather for rendering fluid-
tight the movable surfaces in the construction of hydraulic
machines, which is also applicable to steam engines, and a new
nozzle, called a fan-jat, which spreads the water like a shower,
and which may be applied to any length of hose-pipe. By
means of M. Vaucher's improvements the hydraulic appa-
ratus to which they have been applied may be used either as
a dura double acting lifting pump, or as a force pump of superior
billity, power, cheapness, and simplicity. 'We understand
these pumps have been adopted by the City of Dublin Steam
Navigation Company, the Pacific Steam Navigation
byC
the
:pany, and others, and that they are highlyn approved
anost scientific and practical men in theokfimgadno
these we may mention Mr. Fairborn, Manchester. The
commanders expressed
Amongst
it, and Captain Engledue and other
be considered complete
.exhibition gave the highest satisfaction to all who witnessed
their conviction that no vessel couldiees
pumps.ps, The trial of
without one or more of M.
lifting, or force pumps, was repeated last
these double-acting,
and again gave the greatest
Tuesday, on the Exchange flags,
who witnessed it.
Vaucher's
um
satisfaction to the numerous spectators
We understand M. Vaucher is the same gentleman who has
published a work
on marine insurances, which both in Eng-
laud and abroad has been highly approved.
