THE LIVERPOOL STANbAitii.

ANNIVERSARY DINNER OF THE STOCKPORT
BRANCH OF CHESiiIRE CONSERVATIVE
ASSOCIATION.

---
On Wednesday evening the second annual dinner of the
above Association was held in the Court-room, at Stockport.
The room was neatly fitted up with white and pink hangings.
At the top of the room a transverse table was placed, at -which
sat the chairman; from this proceeded four parallel tables down
the room. The dinner was ample and good, and the waiting
conducted in a quiet orderly manner. About MO gentlemen
sat down. Sir Harry Mainwaring Mainwaring. Bart. occupied
the chair, and Edward Reddish, Esq., Thomas Robinson, Esq.,
Samuel Bard, Esq., 'and' J. Howard, Esq., acted as vice-presi-
dents.

We observed the following gentlemen of distinction in the
neighbourhood present :—Josh. Brookshaw, Esq., Thomas
Daintey, Esq., Rev. W. H. Prescot, Rev. E. T. Leigh, Capt.
Tattan, Henry Mainwaring, Esq., Wm. Tattan Egerton, Esq.,
M. P., Wilbraham Egerton, Esq.; The Rev. C. K. Prescot,
Charles Cholmondelev, Esq., Capt. Clark, Richard Simpson,
Esq., Capt. Hollenworth, John Wright, Esq., Rev. W. W.
Johnson, John Sidebottom, Esq., of Kingston, and several
other gentlemen whose names we did not learn. An excellent
company of glee singers was in attendance. Shortly after five
o'clock, the time announced for the dinner, the company took
their seats.

After the cloth had been removed, "Non nobis dothine"
was sung.

The CHAIRMAN then gave " His Majesty the King."
Given with tour times four.

Glee.—" God save the King."
" Her Majesty the Queen, the ornament of her sex, and the
beneficent benefactress of the institutions of her country."
Three times three.
Glee.—" Hail Star Alf Brunswick."
"The Princess Victoria, the heiress presumptive of the throne
of these realms, and the other branches of the royal family."
Three times three.

Glee.—"Bloota of May."
The CHAIRMAN was sure that they would drink the next
toast with pleasure, "Our glorious Constitution in Church and
State." Given with three times three and one cheer more.

ROBERT HOL LENWORTH, Esq. rose to respond to the toast.
tie said, gentlemen, in thus presenting myself to you to respond
to the toast you have just drank, I feel it necessary in self-
justification to state, least you should accuse me of undue pre-
sumption, that I rise not in the pride of self-conceit, arrogating
to myself the performance of that pleasing duty, but that I am
deputed so to do by the gentlemen around me, who, viewing me
with a kind partiality of friendship, have invested me with an
ability I do not in reality possess. Our glorious constitution
in church'and state is a subject as momentous in importance as
overwhelming in its consequences, that a mind the most rigor-
ous—the most compiehensive—oratory the most perfect, and
eloquence the most commanding, must, in its elucidation, feel
its own feebleness and incapacity and in utter despair cast itself
'on -the kind-forbearance of-Its indulgent -hearers...(Cheers.)— It
comprises within itself our present. social comforts and our
hopes of agrandizement—our personal security—our consola-
tion in distress here and our happiness hereafter. (Hear,
hear.) Eevery man, individually, feels its advantages, its
protection—its blessings. (Cheers.) It is the source and origin
of our noblest and F•oudest qualities, and it is through it thatour
individual virtues have originated our national greatneSs ; for we
cannot imagine ourselves either physically or intellectually
above other nations. Was the naked Briton superior to the
Roman ? (Hear.) Was he even equal to the wild Saxon, or
the fierce Norman ? Wherein then is the charm ? What has
given us our proud bearing—our dominion by sea and land—our
eastern and colonial empire—our shipping—our commerce—our
trade—our wealth ? • (Cheers.) What but that glorious consti-
tution in church and state, calling into unrestrained action
every man's best and noblest energies, inspiring freedom without
democracy—liberty without licentiousness. (Great applause.)
It is that which nerves the sailor's arm, and bears him on in
glory pre-eminent among nations—their admiration—their
envy. (Cheers.) So indisputable, so universally great, are its
advantages that surrounding nations are lost in wonder that it
should require defenders, and that too from its parricidal
children. It can be but madness, or wanton and unnatural
depravity. The first object of attack from the destructives is our
venerable established church. These wily revolutionists well
know that without it, the King's sceptre is but a bauble—his
crown a mockery. (Hear.) It is not only its foundation stone,
but its very foundation itself—the rock on which it stands—its
bulwark—its support—its pride—its glory. On it all depends.
It is in fact the very constitution and form of government itself;
the whole being contained in that simple, emphatic precept,
" Fear God, nour the King." Our much respected rector
has well observed on one occasion, that " he who feared God
knew no other fear;" and I will add, he who honours his King
will respect his neighbour. (Cheers.) Destruction, therefore,
is doomed to the church ; on its devoted head with giant strength
falls the concentrated fury of a fierce united phalanx of popery,
dissent, infidelity,-and socinianism. The surest sign of a falling
nation is the absence or contempt of religion; from such a
people the Almighty has surely turned his face and blessing ;
but, thank Heaven, it is not yet so. Religion is still acknow-
ledged our first, our best, our greatest blessing. (Hear.) Li-
verpool has set the whole empire a glorious example; her mi-
nisters are firm in their duty, and thousands upon thousands
enthusiastically rush to their support, with the indignant feelings
of the parent watchful for his children's welfare and future
happiness, so that the pure and unmutilated word of God be not
removed. Anarchists are careless whether its substitute be
Dens' Theology or the Heathen Mythology. ( Hear.) Their
aim is to debase the morals and pollute the minds of the rising
generation. Evil is their object, and in their affectation of
bowing down to the goddess of reason, Mammon, Belial, and
Moloch are in reality the gods of their idolatry. (Hear, hear.)
With the same designs do we see our institutions daily assailed;
every barrier is destroyed—every restraint removed, that liberty
may degenerate into licentiousness, and licentiousness into riot.
All our noblest institutions are undermined by falsehood and mis-
' representation, and then violently assaulted, and the firmest
bulwarks of the people's liberties are thrown' down by a truck-
ling imbecile government to glut the Jacobin appetite of the
spoliator in the very life's blood of the state. (Cheers.) If
history, and the experience of past ages is to be totally disre-
garded, will our modern philosophical fools dispise also the
history of their own time, and take no warning from its passing
events aniong_our transatlantic neighbours, where, if the sacred
word of freedom unguardedly escapes the lips of a man whose
skin is. of n. 44ferent hue, the unloytn4ate wretch is tarred,
and feathered,lind merdilessly burnt alive amidst bootin'g,i,
revilings, and his insufferable torments. and the agonies of
death mocked with the shout of liberty. (Hear.) Surely such
beings could not have the form of men. Earth must have
yawned, and hell itself in exulting derision have flung from its
deepest abyss its fiends, and imps of darkness to perpetrate such
deeds of enormity. (Cheers.) And is not human nature the
same here ? Give her evil excited' passions but sway, and the
horrors of liberty loving America, and republican France will
he acted in this country with undeminished and equal atrocity.
(Hear, hear.) The torrent of destruction rolls onward, and
the ministery still sits on its banks bending the knee to revolu-
tionary violence, and servilely doing the foul bidding of its
directing power, which, with uplifted arm disdains not only to
strike, but even to sneer with contempt, and cast at them its
mockery. From the home, foreign, and colonial policy adopted
by the ministry, the empire, from the Orkney Islands to the
Lands End—from the banks of the St. Lawrence to the banks
of the Ganges, is fast becoming but one scene of evil, and civil
discord, and if the country is not fast hastening to a crisis—if
the forfeiture of all foreign respect—the desertion of friends—
the contempt of enemies—if disunion, and strife, and dis-mem-
bermerit at home, be not its preludes, then, indeed, may history
be deemed false, and its ',experience vanity, and the warnings
of a long series of ages worse than nugatory—it is but mockery,
and folly. (Loud cheers.)

The CHAIRMAN then proposed " the Duke of Wellington,
the pride of the British army, and the liberator of Europe."
Glee—" How merrily we live that soldiers be."
- - -

The CHAIRMAN said every body must be impressed with ad-
miration of the great talents of Lord Lyndhurst. The sirlendid
speech which he had delivered a few da:s ago in the House of
Peers, must be impressed upon the memory of every one.—
(Cheers.) He would propose "Lord Lyndhurst, and the House
of Peers, the defenders of the constitution." Given with three
times three. He would now give " Sir Robert Peel, and the
conservative members of the House of Commons." Given
with great cheering.

WM. TATTON EGERTON, Esq. M.P., rose to respond to
the toast, as one of those conservative members whom they had
so honoured. He begged leave to return them his most hearty
thanks for the compliment they had just paid them. PrOud
indeed were they in having their names associated with such
distinguished statesmen--proud indeed were they in having
fought the battle Ot the constitution under a leader, whom no
words of his could sufficiently praise—(cheers)—aman who htis
well deserved the good opinion that his king and country enter-
tained of him, when they called on him in the hour of peril.
(Cheers.) Long and protracted had been the struggle in the
House of Commons ; and he believed he might say consistently,
that there never sat on the opposition benches of that house,
gentlemen who had shown less factious opposition to the pre-
sent ministry than the present opposition. (Cheers.) It had
been a struggle which he wished the people of England would
well mark—it had been a struggle for their deepest and dearest
interests. (Cheers.) It bad been a struggle for their consti-
tution in church and state—(hear)—for that which the ministry
now no longer covertly sought to destroy—those ministers who
now chose to call themselves the country's ministers, uniting
themselves with the, dissenter and the radical, and urged on by
the man, who in a speech from the throne, they had character-
ized as the enemy of the country. (Cheers) They had not
left-one' stone of the fabric untotiehed, arid "like the fabled
harpies, whatever they, touched they destroyed. (Cheers.)
Look at the hills brought in doting the present session—look at
their avowed teritkeney—look at their fallacious principles—look
at their mischievous details—look at what the party who openly
support these measures,avow—the destruction of their church
and state, "Thank God," as their worthy president had
stated, " they hada House. of. Lords" which had rejected what
had been false in principle, had amended what had been falla-
cious in detail, assisted by that distinguished statesman whose
health they had just drank. But it was ,on the electors of
England that the struggle rested ; the' conservative phalanx in
the .house must be sustained by the conservative body without.
(Cheers.) Let them exert themselves in their registrations—
they must make.use of the constitutional power with which they
had been invested ; let them do this and they would not fall.
(Cheers.) But whatever might he the issue, let them all at
leadt have the satisfaction,of having done their duty. Under
their conservative leader he had no doubt but the conservative
members would do theirs. For good or for evil they must leave
it to that power which could control all. (Cheers.)

The CHAIRMAN would propose a toast which would require
little commendation. It was a part of that constitution under
which they had . long lived and prospered. He would give
" The.protestant ascendancy"—drank with loud cheering. He
would now give"".The health .of William Talton Egerton, Esq.,
the representative of that division of the county.",
TATTON EGERTON, Esq., M.P., again rose. He
could hardly express to them his feelings of the kind manner in
which they.had drank his health. Nothing could *be more gra-
tifying to him than that testimony of their support which they
had given him during the short time that he had had the honour
of being their representative. The attempts which he had made
to sustain with independence the position iu which they had
placed him had met with the approbation' of those whose good
opinion was worth possessing, and which it was his most anxious
wish to preserve; and if he obtained it, he was satisfied.
(Cheers.) Nothing; indeed, could be more pleasing to a repre-
sentative than to find his sentiments were congenial with those
whom he represented. He felt happy to say that in one parti-
cular at least, if not in every other, their sentiments were tho-
roughly congenial—sincere .attachment to their constitution
in church and state. (Loud cheering.) Although the political
horizon might seem to be.overcast—although their institutions
were' every day openly attacked—those institutions which they
venerated nottnerely because they bore the stamp of antiquity,
but because Of their value ;—when they saw gentlemen uniting
in one sentiment of loyalty to the Kink, and in a firm resolution
to maintain those principles which they believed, and justly, to
be interwoven with the principles of the constitution and the
safety and liberties of the empire, he firmly trusted.they might
yet tee the ship right herself, although for the last five years
she had been tossed about by the tempest, battered by the winds,
with an unskilful eaptain and a mutinotis crew. (Loud cheers. )
In our
days hoped they might see her cominenee. her veyage
under a more skilful hand and under. mere auspicious auspices.He trusted that the reaction which he saw awned would effect

his, 'When they saw conservative societies similar to the pre.
,-,>ut springing up au:l spreading with giant strength in every
direction, even amongst the middler classes of society—when
they saw those who perhaps might be estranged from their
church by forms alone, yet the moment that church was at-
tacked, united heart and soul in her defence—when he saw all
this, he never would believe that the English nation would
allow that constitution which had been the pride and veneration
of ages, which had been handed down to them as the best legacy
of their forefathers, to be destroyed under the specious pretext
of reform, or under any pretext to allow democracy to under-
mine those institutions which they bad enjoyed under a limited
monarchy, and which experience taught them was the best bul-
wark of -their liberties. (Cheers.) They had been taunted,
both in the House of Commons and out, as the conservators of
corruption and abuse, as anxious for power and place; but they
would alloiv him to say that it really came with a bad grace
from those who, under pretext of destroying corruption in the
corporations, had constructed corporations equally bad, and in
Ireland had attempted to do the same—who said they had no
desire for patronage, and under every bill had created new
places. (Cheers.) He would appeal to every impartial judge
would appeal to those middle classes of society on whom
the great strength of the conservative party fairly lies, and who
now had their eyes opened to what was really the nature of the
measures of the ministry, and who would be no longer led away
by the plausible pretext of reform—he would call upon them to I
look at the conservative acts in the House of Commons, and
say whether the members had not addressed themselves to
every thing that was calculated to reform every real abuse, and I
had even joined the ministers when they had been doing
this. (Cheers.) But whilst they had done all this they had
never conceded any one thing that could possibly injure the
institutions, and laws of the country. (Cheers.) It was to the
people of England that they appealed—it was by their actions,
not by their professions that they wished to be judged. He for
one, whenever the time of trial should come, should never
shrink from giving an account of his conduct during the time
he had had the honour of serving them. (Cheers.) He had
never swerved from those conservative principles which he pro-
fessed to them when they had done him the honour to call him
from private life to fill the highest position a British commoner
can wish for, or attain to, by serving his country. He hadde-
rived those principles from his family before him—(cheers)—
their kindness, and affection to whom he well knew he had to
owe his present situation to, though he hoped be might in time
deserve it. He bad never seen anything to shake those prin-
ciples in which he had been educated, and he would never
shrink from them as long as he lived. (Cheers.)
Glee—" the English Constitution."
The CHAIRMAN gave " the Bishop and Clergy of the dio-
cese," Given with three times three.

The Rev. C. K. PitescoT, the rector, rose to acknowledge
the toast. The last time he had had the honour, and pleasure
of responding to this toast, it was given in a mode which gave
him the most unspeakable satisfaction, by the Operative Con-
servative Association. Most true it was, that the bishops and
clergy of the national church of England and Ireland had
fallen on evil tittles. Therinight very cell conceive how much
the sympathy and kindness of their fellow men must renew
their strength—(cheers)—must invigorate them, not only in
the discharge of their very important, and arduous duties, but
also in the assertion of their clear, and undoubted rights.—
(Cheers.) It had long been the boast of the English church,
and indeed, he might add, that it was one cause, and very great
cause of her efficiency, that as there was no man in the land
so poor as not to have a clergyman as his comforter, and his
friend, so there was none so high or wealthy as not to have one
as his associate. (Cheers.) It was their laborious, and ex-
pensive education which fitted them for taking, their situation
in this varied society. And if they were to be a bold uncom-
promising body of men—if they were to teach, and to direct,
and to rebuke with all long suffering, and doctrine, they must
have them an independent body of men. (Cheers.) He knew
that not a 100 miles from him, there was a very good, and
worthy friend of his, who did not exactly like tithes, still they-
must have the clergy an independent body of men, or they
would not be an educated body of men. If they did not
thorougly understand the eternal gospel which they preached,
they would not set it torth either by their preaching or their
living. He believed the bishop of the diocese, whom they had
included in the toast, to be a most excellent, pious, fervent, and
learned man, and if any man had, be had striven to forward
the doctrine and avocation to which he was called. In the
name of the clergymen present, and in the name of the absent
bishop of the diocese, he returned them his most sincere thanks
for the honour they had done them. (Cheers.)
The CHAIRMAN gave " The Lord-Lieutenant of the County,
the Earl of Stamford and Warrington."
Given with three times three. _ _ _

The Rev. the ftrcTOß wished to propose the health of their
late worthy representative, " Wilbraham Egerton, Esq., of
Sutton-park." (Great Cheers.) The inhabitants of Stockport,
y
he w
did
notas sure,acku owwoluelddg be e
hgi
su isl
et yr
vo the deepest
i cf
es whilst
iu
par
li ingratitudeura ot. f. the
(Loud
cheers.) A more independent man never entered the house.
They ought not, either, to forget his great n u iificence to all
the charitable institutions_ of Stockport and heatou Norris.
(Cheers.)
Given with three times three enthusiastic cheers.
WILBRAHAM EaEnTosr, Esq., rose and said he really wanted
words to express his feelings for the flattering and kind manner
in which they had received the toast which bad been presented
to them. The panegeric they had been pleased to pay him was
much more than he had deserved. He would merely say that
as long as it had been his honour to represent that county in
parliament, it had been his endeavour to act well for the in-
terests of the country in general, and especially for the county
for which he was returned. (Cheers.) 'fo merit.the approba-
tion of so numerous and respectable a body as he now saw
around him was, he felt, the greatest reward that any man
who had represented that county as he has done for nineteen
years could receive, and worth any sacrifice that might be made
in attending to those duties, for, when a member attended to. his
duties, it was no sinecure. He should, indeed, be most ungrateful if
he did not in every way in his power endeavour to render bene-
fits to a town from which he had invariably received uniform
and repeated kindness. (Cheers.) As long as he lived he
never should forget that kindness which had invariably been
shown to his family. (Cheers.) He begged to congratulate
them on the numerous attendance that evening; he was proud
to see conservatism in that neighbourhood so much on the in-
-ereaSe. - (Cheers.) It must give them all _pleasure to know
that the operative conservative association was going on in such
a itourish,ing manner. He had all along, believed that when
the middling classes once saw the Motives whietflitruated the
present administration that they would turn against them and
rally round the constitution. (Cheers.) He trusted that by
the exertions of institutions similar to the present, and by every
man putting his shoulder to the wheel, that this country still
might rally, and that they again might see England standing
in the pre-eminent situation she formerly had done. (Hear.)
He concluded by proposing the health of the worthy president.
Given With three times three.
Mr. Walton sung, in fine style, " Should auld acquaintance
be forgot."
The CHAIRMAN briefly. returned thanks. He did not know
why he had been placed in the situation he then occupied, un-
less it was that there could not be a more staunch and attached
friend to the constitution of church and state than he was.
(Cheers.) He could only add that no exertions of his should
ever be spared toprornote the prosperity of the association.
Song, by Mr. Walton—" Oh the Foresters Life is the Life
for Me."

The CHAIRMAN begged to propose "the health of Mr. Thomas
Marsland; the member for the borough." Given with three
times three.

WILLIAM TATTON EGERTON, Esq., in the absence of Mr.
Marsland, begged to return thanks on his behalf. He could
bear witness to his right conservative feeling, and to his inde-
fatigability in advocating the interests of his constituents.
The CHAIRMAN proposed, "The Army and Navy." Given
with three times three.

Captain CLARK, of the navy, acknowleged the toast. It had
frequently fallen to his lot to return them thanks for compli-
menting the army and navy. He. should find a difficulty in
varying his observations. lie congratulated the town of Stuck-
port on mustering so numerous and highly.-respectable a meet-
ing in such a cause, and more particularly in having Sir Harry
Mainwaring at their head, a gentleman of such right and
staunch principles. (Cheers.) He was of opinion that meet-
ings like the present were ofparatnount importance. He thought
they contributed greatly to bring destructives to support the
conservative cause. By so congregating themselves together
occasionally, the wavering and the doubtful man might have an
opportunity of seeing such persons assembled as were then pre-
sent; and he would ask, if it was possible for a man to be found
who had not determined on his principles who would not ask if
the men of intelligence and station they saw there assembled
could be really wrong. (Hear.) As conservatives they were
faithful to their King, and their desire was, to support the con-
stitution. They wished to protect the nobility of the land from
the violence of misguided men; they were also ready to cast the
mantle of protection around the shoulders of the poor man, and
guard him (cheers,) on the one hand from tyranny and oppression,
and on the other from the chilling blast, and the darkness of
night. (Cheers.) Where, he would ask, could the poor man
find a better friend than a real conservative. (Loud cheers.)
The CHAIRMAN gave, "Lord Francis Egerton and the South
Lancashire Conservative Association." (Load cheers.)

Song—" Up, my. brave comrades."
Mr. EARLE having been called for, as a member of the asso-
ciation would have been wanting in his duty not to return thanks.
It was itnpossible for him to add to the merits of the noble lord,
whose health they had drank, anything which could further,
raise him in their esteem. In speaking of the associarion, he
would say that it was flourishing in a way which they would be
surprised to hear. It had sprung up from one small root to be
at last a tree, whose spreading branches extended from one and
of the country to the other, and he hoped, by-and-by, that every
one would pluck and„taste of its fruit. He was happy to say
that this association had been the exciting cause of almost every
association in the country. He hesitated not to say that that
association had mainly contributed to turn the last election in
that division. It would be the means of bringing-repentant
sinners to their ranks, and day after day they were joining
them. He passed a high eulogium in the course of his address
on the ladies of Ashton, who, in a body of sixty, had come 'for-
wards and presented an address to the Operative Conservative
Association of that town, giving them a splendid flag, £5 in
money, and £5 in books. He hoped this example would be
followed throughout the country. (Cheers.) The Mies came
forward to urge them to their duty (cheers ;) he would ask, if
they would not be unmalny if they did not obey the call. (Loud
cheering.)
The CH AIRMAN proposed, " Mr. Francis Newhall, of Ashton-
under-Line." Given with three times three.
Mr. FRANCIS NEWHALL, the secretary of the Ashton Opera-
tive Conservative Association, rose to acknowledge the toast.
It should always be his endeavour to promote a good practical
understanding between the associations. He was proud to
say that the Operative <Conservative Associations were found
to be valuable help mates to the other associations. He, like
every right minded Englishman, thought that when his country
was in danger, and her institutions threatened With destruction,
that she demanded that he should take an active part in avert-
ing to the utmost of his power those difficulties. He thought
that no individual knew how much good he could do till he had
tried his best. (Cheers.) Their society had great difficulties
to contend with, but labouring as they were, under the counten-
ance of the gentlemen present, and he might add their protec•
tion, he•trusted they would not shrink from discharging that
portion of duty which belonged to them. (Cheers.) Mr. New-
hall spoke at considerable length, which our limits prevent to
fully'reporting.
The CHAIRMAN! gave "Mr. Tatton, and the Stockport troop
of Yeomanry."

Mr. TATTON briefly acknowledged the toast.
The CHAIRMAN, then gave " the Stockport branch of the
Cheshire Conservative Association, our noble selves,' con-
nected with the name of Mr. Turner, the secretary."
Mr. TURNER, in a clever, andl humourous speech of conside-
rable length, acknowledged the toast. it was a custom regtl7.
larly observed tb paint every thing of the rose colour, and cry
"peace, peace," when there was no peace. (Laughter.) He
would depart from that custom, and, as their secretary, say, he.
was by no means satisfied. He thought it possible to make the
association much more efficient then it at present was. He was
ashamed to compare it to the South Lancashire Conservative
Association. Nay, he was ashamed to compare it to the Reform
Association of the town. (Laughter.) He should never rest
satisfied till they had got district committees, and got them to
work well, rind effectively. He saw no use in filling their ears
.with idleclec'.aration; he would come to the point at once.
On 'poking, round the room, he saw many. gentlemen with pro.

petty enough to buy a qualifleatiOn in half the counties in
England wtr, had not even a vote for the county of Cheihice.
The situation of St,ickport was such that evez.v good couserva-
tivelhould have a qualification in both Cheshireaud Lancashire.
Though, on the day of election the fervent raver of a righteous
conservative wonld avail much, it would avail the cause much
more if he could send two bullets into the enem v's ranks. He con.
gratulated them on the formation, now at the eleventh hour, of a
national conservative association. It did his heart good to see
Lord Sandon recommend the formation of a grand central con-
servative association in London. If that was formed he hoped
it would be in his power to have an account of the state and
prospects of conservatism in every city and hamlet in England.
(Cheers.) It might easily be brought to that state of perfec-
tion, nothinii but idleness would prevent it. He recommended
that lecturers should be sent round to every hamlet and town in
the kingdom, by the conservatives. This was the course pur-
sued by the advocates of the abolition of negro slavery, and this
was the course pursued by Dan O'Connell, and other members
of his principles, and they had seen its success. This was the
course pursued by the gentlemen in the reform and grievance
line, and they had seen what effects it had worked. There was
another eh ►rge : most of the gentlemen he saw there were very
worthy fellows in ninety-nine respects out of a hundred, but
they were the idlest body of men he ever knew in his life ; there
was not a soul of them would work; they would go there and
pay ten shillings for a dinner ticket, and would shout "
hip, hurrah;" but O'Connell was not to be put down with
" Hip, hip, hip ;" Leviathan was not to be so tamed.
Mr. Turner was loudly applauded throughout the course of
his address.

The CHAIRMAN gave, "Lord Sandon and the National Con-
servative Association." Given with three times three. _

The Cita (RN' AN then gave, "Our highly-esteemed justices,
who have favoured us with their company this day."
HENRY M AINWA RING, Esq., responded to the toast.
The CHAIRMAN then gave, "The Macclesfield Branch of the
Cheshire Conservative Association." Drunk amidst loud cheers.
" The vice-presidents and stewards of the day."
Mr. ROBINSON acknowledged the toast.
The CHAIRMAN gave, "The president of last year, the chair-
man of the quarter sessions, Mr. Trafford." Given with three
times three. " The fair conservatives of England." With
three times three. " The town and trade of Stockport." "The
magistrates of the division." " Captain Howard." " Success
to conservatism throughout England," and several other toasts.
Shorly before eleven o'clock the chairman, accompanied by
several of the visitors, quitted the room, amidst the most enthu-
siastic cheering. After which, Mr. Robinson was called to the
chair, and the hilarity of the meeting was kept up to a late hour,
the greatest order having prevailed throughout.

LIVERPOOL ASSIZES.

NISI PRIUS-TUESDAY.

RATES9N AND ANOTHER V MERSEY AND zawaLL NAVIGATION

COMPANY.

IMPORTANT COTTON CASE.—Mr.Cressivell and MNToinLin-
son appeared for the plaintiffs, and the Attorney-General and
Mr. Starkie for the defendants.
The declaration stated that the defendants are common car-
riers of gOods from Liverpool to Manchester, and that the
plaintiffs had delivered to them WO bales of cotton to be taken
care of and carried, and, though reasonable time had elapsed,
they had never been delivered to the plaintiffs' order. The de-
fendants stated that they did carry the goods, cud did deliver
them to the plaintiffs' order.
The Attorney-General raised a point whether the plaintiffs'
or the defendants' case should be opened first, when his Lord-
ship decided that the defendants should open the pleadings.

The ATTORNEY-GENERAL then stated the case. The discus-
sion which the jury had heard was merely on a point of form.
He was addressing them as counsel for the defendants, who
were the Old Quay Company, carriers from Liverpool to Man-
chester; and, in order to wake intelligible the view of the case,
he would give a general outline. The plaintiffs were respecta-
ble men residing in Liverpool, and were connected in business
with a gentleman of the name of Moon, of whom muco had been
heard in this county on account of his extensive spiculations in
the cotton market. The plaintiffs were persons who merely
bought cotton in the name and on the account and risk of Moon.
At the time in question, in the mouth of April. last, the nature
of the'dealings between the parties was, the plaintiffs bought in
their own name as between the vendor and themselves, but in
reality as between them and Moon, on the account and tisk of
Moon, charging half per cent. commission, and a hen they made
an advance, one per cent. commission. Moon was employed
in the cotton business in Manchester. The defendants were
nothing more than the carriers between the two places. In
April 132 bales of cotton were purchased by the plaintiffs fur
Mr. Moon. It was no part of his case to deny that, owing to
the fluctuations in the cotton market, Mr. Moon had been un-
fortunate. A part of the cottons in question were bought on
the 18th of April from persons of the name of Thomas Wilson
and Co., of Liverpool; and he held in his hand a copy of the
invoice of Wilson and Co. to the plaintiffs, who were purchasing
for Moon on his risk. It would be necessary to draw the atten-
tion of the jury to the particulars of the invoice • it was this:—
" Bateson and Horsfall bought of Wilson and Co., payment
ten days and three months." That was, until the ten days had
expired the vendor was not in the situation to call for a bill.
.It was a purchase on credit for ten days, and for a further
credit of three months, the sellers being entitled to call
for a bill at the expiration of ten days. The whole amount
of the sale was £2466 175., which with cartage and commission
made the total £2487 6s. 4d. During those ten days the present
plaintiffs, who were the purchasers as between Wilson and Co.
and Moon,•had a right to say to Wilson and Co. "give us those
bales of cotton;" having a right to the goods on an absolute
credit of ten days as per contract. Immediately after this the
goods were delivered to the present defendants, to be carried to
Manchester, and the plaintiffs sent to Mr. Moon a copy of the
invoice, debitting him with the amount. Mr. Moon, having
received this invoice, went into the market and sold the cotton
to Howard and Co., cotton-spinners, of Stockuort, upon the
terms of immediate payment and the goods to be ready for de-
livery. Having entered into this contract, Howard and Co.
paid"!qoon the whole value of these cottons. Mr. Moon became
insolvent, and the real question was this, had an order been
given to the carriers by the present plaintiffs for the delivery of
a part of the 103 bales sent by them to Manchester. An order
'Vas given fo the defendants for 'the deliYery of -79 bales, a part-
of what they took, and the remainder was now claimed by the
Tlaititiffs, an order for • theiedilety: not
.having been given.
The case of the plaintiffs was this—we have not been paid for
the whole of these cottons we bought for Moon, we have not
given an order for the whole 103 bales to be delivered, but only
for 79, and we claim a lien on the goods for the residue of the
balance dile. The case of the defentlAnta was this, that having
delivered the residue of these bale Howard and Co., the
plaintiffs, who had given credit l' • • „Atilt no right to reclaim
the goods. Howard and Co.. rthese goods on cash,
and it would appear in evidt:that'iaf the £2400 paid to Moon
by Howard and Co., £l5OO was paid:'lo the plaintiffs. There
was a point of law whether orno•the defendants were justified
either in transferring or holding the residue of the goods without
an order. The plaintiffs said they `had a right to the value of
the remaining 52 bales, having' only given a written order for
the delivery of 79 of the 132. He would beg to draw his lord-
ship'a attention to the mode in which he intended to present the
case on the part of the defendant. He would not address him-
self to the hardship of the case; whatever might be the hardship
of the case to the defendants, or against Messrs. Howards, who
were required to pay for these goods, after haYing already paid
cash down for them—whatever might he the hardship the law
must take its course. In the first place, this was not an ordinary
case of buyer and seller, the plaintiffs nut purchasing for them-
selves, but on the account and risk of Moon. He should submit
to the jury, under the direction of his lordship, that were goods
were sold on credit, the seller had no right, in point of law, to hold
those goods during the period of credit. It was perfectly clear that
if Batesou and Horsfall stood in the ordinary situation of buyer
and seller, they could not say to Moon, "give us a bill, or se-
curity to make us payment before we deliver the goods." No,
Moon had a right to say, " you have given the credit for ten
days, and I have a right to the goods.' He would even have
had a right to have taken the goods from the warehouses of the
plaintiffs, and no action could have been maintained against

They would lia;elie;;;driven to look for their bill on the
expiration of the ten days. The plaintiffs Who had an account
with Moon, having given credit to Moon, could not claim the
goods as against Howard and Co. to whom they gave no credit,
and who had paid cash down. The first point he should sub-
mit to his Lordship was, that the goods having been placed in
the hands of the carriers during the ten days, which was the
Stipulated credit, according to the terms of the invoice, Moon
had a right to demand those goods from the carriers, as he
would have to demand them from the plaintiffs during that
period of credit. The next point was, the plaintiffs afterwards
sent an account current to Mr. Moon, which contained the copy
of the invoice of Messrs. Wilson and Co., and which account
was made up to the 31st of July, and charging interest
up to that time. The plaintiffs had uo right to call for
payment of money during a time for
_which they had charged
interest; and supposing the plaintals had a lien on the goods,
after delivering a part and receiving part payment for them the
lien was gone. On the question of law the jury would hear his
lordship, and asto the fact they would judge for themselves.
James Moon deposed to having been a cotton-dealer at Man-
chester, but now being in the custody of the sheriff, He had
had dealings with Messrs. Bateson and Horsfall of Liverpool,
to a considerable extent.

A letter was put in and read from Messrs. Bateson and Co.,
stating the amount due by Mr. Moon to them on the 9th of
May, and complaining that the witness had not kept accounts
with them in-a straightforward manner; and also the account
current invoice of Wilson and Co., " payment ten days and
"three months, 103 bales of Orleans cotton, amouriting in the
total to £2466 175," and charges on carting and commission
added to this.

Examination resumed.—He gave orders frome time to time
to Messrs. Bateson and Horsfall to purchase goods for. him.
There was an understanding that the plaintiffs should purchase
the goods in their own names, and that they might resell if an
opportunity for profit presented itself, on his account. If the
goods were sold by him (witness) then they were forwarded to
him, he remitting the amount previous to their being delivered
to him. If he remitted the money on or before the ten days
when the notice became due in Liverpool, they were to charge
him half per cent. commission ; in case they paid for the same,
one per cent. commission. In the account current put in,
credit was given to him for £l5OO, which was a part of the
money which he obtained from Messrs. Howard and Co. for a
part of the cotton he had sold to them. He sold the whole of
the cotton to Messrs. Henry Howard and Co., and had re-
ceived 1:2437115. from them as the amount.
His Loaositte remarked, in answer to an objection raised
by Mr. Cresswell, that the regular course would be to prove the
authority of Moon to sell.
Examination resumed.—He had no authority to sell those
goods, decidedly not. H.e was the principal ; Messrs. Bateson
and Horsfall were his brokers. The cottons were purchased on
the 18th of April, and on Saturday, the 23d, they sent him the
usual circular, recommending him to sell the cotton. He ac-
cordingly did sell the cotton to Messrs. Howard and Co., and
received payment for it. He remitted £1,500 of this sum, and
a bill for .£9OO to Messrs. Bateson and Horsfall, and received
an acknowledgment of the cash, and that they, declined accept-
ing the bill, and enclosing an order for 79 hales to be delivered
to him from the carriers, the value of the £1,500 He did not
receive the bill from Messrs. Howard. He made a demand on
the Quay Company for the delivery of the whole of the bales
when he had remitted the money and bill. In the account cur-
rent he was debitted with 92 days interest on the 132 bales, in
order to bring the account current to a balance. Messrs. Bate-
son and Horsfall declined sending him an order for the 52 bales
until be had remitted them cash, or satisfactory bills. He af-
terwards sent a lettar to the Old Quay Company, saying he
wanted the remainder of the bales. •
The order for the delivery of the 79 bales was put in and read.
Cross-examined. The course of business was, that goods
should remain with the carriers till they received a delivery or-
, der, on the receipt of which the goods were delivered. He sent
the order for the 79 bales to the company, and they sent 103
hales, as malty as they bad. Messrs. Bateson and Horsfall had
declined giving him an order for the remainder. He made a
remittance afterwards of 3 bills. He believed the 29 bales were
still at the Old Quay.
Avi'ortNev-GENERAL.—That was the case for the defendant.
His Loansti IP did not think lie had made any case.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL would state points. He was aware
that the evidence of Moon did not bear out what he was. in-
structed. The first proposition was? that the.bales were in the

hands of the carrier within the ten days, and without at all dis.!
enssing the question of interest up to the 31st of July, he ap-
prellen,f,d if Mr. Moon had gone to the carrier within those
ten days and demanded those goods., he had a right to them
without, any reference whatever to the order, without, being
liable to an action for trover. The second point was, that there
paving been a partial delivery and a partial payment, there
could be no lien.

His Loans it P thought from the evidence, as to the custom
of Moon, that the defendants were out of court. It appeared
that Moon had no rizht to the goods until be had remitted the
amount of value. There must, therefore, be a verdict for the
plaintiff.
The jury by the direction of his Lordship, found a verdict
for the plaintiff, damages DM 18s., costs 40s. •
