WEST INDIES.

Our numerous readers, connected with the West
Indies, will, we have no doubt, be gratified by the pe-
rusal of the following extract of a letter written by Sir
Ralph Woodford, to a confidential friend in England.
It is dated, Trinidad, 24th Nov., 1824.

" I cannot help repeating to you, that I do not think
a forced emancipation will ever succeed—that is to say,
carry with it the bettering the condition of the negroes,
who, until they learn to value their freedom for the pur-
pose of raising themselves in society, and which must be
the real object of improvement, were better left as they
are. But, in truth, they have no idea of freedom but
as a relief from labour—l mean of course, the gene-
rality • their Wants are so few, their ambition is of so
humble a kind. I will not ask why, if slavery is a crime,
it has been permitted in every country of the world; but
' I shall be satisfied with the declaration, that in the pre-.
sent state of Great Britain, and the high state of civili-
zation it has reached, it is derogatory to its grandeur, as
it is at variance With the freedom of its institutions, to
count as slaves any portion of the peOple of the empire.
This may be a sufficient reason to desire that it should
cease; but unless it can be shown that the interest of the
slave will be consulted in any general declaration of the
termination of it, surely it would not be in reason to
make such a declaration at the- expense of the future
welfare and happiness of these people who are the inter-
ested persons.
" g I have stated that the slave wishes for freedom, to
be released from labour. All who have any practical
knowledge of the negroes in slavery and in freedom con-
cur in this, ihrct no moral incentive leads men to labour
in a tropical climate. .It may, indeed, be doubted if it
is not much more froin necessity than from chOice that
the labouring man in Europe toils through each succeed-
ing week, and with difficulty feeds his family and pays
his rent. Here, indeed, no one is at a loss for food, it
grows almost spontaneously : in good ground, 'half an
acre of land cleared arid planted in plantains will last for
several years, and maintain a man in farinacious food,.
and leave a surplus. The woods abound in game, the
sea (if he is on the coast) in fish ; in other parts, crabs
and' the like animals'are taken without trouble. -I<lo rent
to bespaid,no tax ; -a few days' labour on thepublic.road,
and a duty in the militia, is all that lie has to provide for,
' either in the shape of expense or as a drawback on the
uninterrupted use of his own time. 'lt would then be
supposed that lie is desirous of showing himself, on. the
' occasion of his military service, as a man of indepen-
, dent means, duly impressed with a sense of the nature
of it, which is in time of public danger to secure to him
his property, perhaps his life, and that he would pro-
