RELIGION AND POLITICS.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.
Six,—Not a few individuals seem anxious, very anxious, to
convince the public that a man's religious opinions should not
intermeddle with his politics. Surely such can have examined
only one side of the question. Are they not contending for
what Britain has never yet beheld? And has not religious
opinion been the corypheus in•most of the important political
changes of our country? Unquestionably. They seem to for-
get, also, that religious opinion is interwoven with every rami-
fication of our unequalled constitution. And let it be remem-
bered, also, that the whole of the Liverpool candidates make
religious opinion a prominent feature in their addresses to the
electors.

Mr. Ewart was first in the field? what does he say of it?
Amongst other benefits which he anticipates, is, "religion dis-
enthralled." What he means by this seems to me totally a
mystery. I know what it would be to disenthral a slave. If I
had been let out of a prison, I should know, also, that I was
" disenthralled." I will give a quotation, however, which was
suggested by " religion disenthralled."
" Men and women assembled at a signal agreed on, and
formed themselves into a sort of mock procession, and fol-
lowed by a little detached troop, each bearing in his hand a
chalice, or some other vase of the church. One of these sacri-
legious wretches led an ass, covered with a priest's vestment,
and with a mitre on his head. He was loaded with crucifixes
and other symbols of the Christian religion, and had the Old,
and New Testaments suspended to his tail. Arrived at the
square called the Terreaux, they then threw the two Testaments,
the crucifixes, &c. into a fire prepared for the purpose ; made
the ass drink out of the sacramental cup, and were proceeding,"
&c. &c..

I do not say that Mr. Ewart meant such outrage on Chris-
tianity, but this is the natural construction of "religion dis-
enthralled." These transactions took place, too, (hear it Mr.
Ewart,) 6n a Sunday! The poor wretches had much better
been amusing themselves on such a day!!
How naturally a man's religious principles lead his views of
politics. When he talks of "religion disenthralled," Mr.
k]wart naturally follows it up with a too aristocratical system
of government. Who so well able to govern as the aris-
lecracy ? Who so well understand the multifarious interests
of our country? Who so wise? Who have so much to lose ?
And who so cautious in politics? Under the guidance of the
;aristocracy, our country has been elevated to the highest point
in the scale of nations. Under the aristocracy, our agriculture
and commerce have flourished for centuries, and the improve-
-limit in, both has been gradual and substantial; and woe! woe!
to Britain'when a government less aristocratical shall ensue.
•Britons behold a democracy in France. Behold the subver-
sion ethe aristocracy there, and you will not find much reason
to be very dissatisfied with a too aristocratical government.
After the capture of Lyons by the conventional party, a demo-
cratic club was organised, of which Javogues, the deputy from
the convention, became president. You who are tired of aris-
tocracy, and wish its suppression, hear the speech of this pre,
sident, which is couched in nearly these words:—
"Think," said he, "of the slavery into which you are
plunged; by being the servants and workmen of others; the
narks the priests, the proprietors, the rich of every descrip.
tion, have long been in a combination to rob the demo-
',mats: the real sans Culotte republicans, of their birthright.
;Go, citizens, take what belongs to you, and what you should
'have enjoyed long ago. Nor must you stop here; while there
.remains an aristocracy in the buildings, half remains undone.
Down with those edifices, raised for the profit or pleasure of
the rich; down with them all; commerce and arts are useless
to a warlike people, and the destruction of that sublime equality
which France is determined to spread over the whole globe.
Vise la liberte."

What is Mr. Thornely in his religious creed ? A Unitarian-
What Unitarianism is it need not scarcely be added,—semi
Pelagianism and semi-Socinianism amalgamated. Added to it
Dr. Priestley's doctrine, which makes the soul the body and the
body the soul; or it is, more simply, Deism. The doctrines and
precepts of Christianity are substantially rejected; and it is hoped
that the' inhabitants of Liverpool will reject Mr. Thornely. Mr.
T. 'B.-liorsfall spoke admirably when he put " radicalism and
infidelity" into the same class. Mr. Thornely will have, how-
ever, the advantage of affinity to Thomas Paine on 'this point.
Unitarianism is %%oily opposed to the British constitution ; its
'ascendancy must put , drown monarchial government. Mr.
Thornely does not surely expect that any Unitarian will vote
for any of the'othor candidates; and it may be safely asserted,
that no Catholic, Protestant, Presbyterian, Baptist, Methodist,
Indepentlent,,orQua.ker, can, compatibly with the principles of
*Christianity, vote for him. They cannot support such a man
ivithoUt implicating their views of religion. Mr. Thornely
knew that, if.lifs'teligioUs sentiments were fully understood, it,
wtaild near his cause;. therefore, he " belongs to the great body
of Dissenters.." • The 'Whole body of Dissenters differ with him'
most completely in the vital principles of Christianity. In fact,
it may Weil he questioned whether the Unitarians have any
claim to 'the nanie of 'Christian. On what grounds have they ?
Sir Howard, Douglas and Lord Sandon possess powerful
Claims to -support. They are perfectly orthodox in their religi-
gious creed; uncOmpromising advocates of freedom; sincerely
attached to the constitution and institutions of our country ; and
much'better Understand- polities than either of the other two,
mid would hate' Much more influence in Parliament.
Dec. 5, 1832. ANTI-HETERODOX.
