kmpgriat

HOUSE OF LOB.DS.—MoNDAY

loanswer to a grierStion..front Lord.l3l:‘,lh;.is,Nt Viscount
.70-it.-coint.said, that it was. the intention or lier Majesty's
;F:oiernmell to.propos the '.app.oin.tinent or a committee of the
House of-Cortunons on the cburch. property, When the whole
Tirqtion would be taken into consideration. _ _ .

_ .
On the- motion •of Lord GLErito-G, the abolition of slavery
:tut auiencfment hill•was` read a first time.
In tinswerto irquestion from lord GLLNELG, Lord BROUGHAM
stared, that his motion for, this, day on the subject of the slave
rade in Guiana, would, he in the form of a resolution expres-
sive of their lordships' disapproval of the order iu council of
%4 I,lth of July last. •
The Archbishop of-C,k_NtErinuair laid on the table a hill to
amend and extend the clauses of the 17th and-21stfof George
better known us Giitieres. acts, which were passed for the
purpose of erfalningslergyineu to raise motley fur the benefi-
cial purpose of erecting glebe houses. 'rho bill was read a first
time. Their lordsbips then adjourned.

FI#LTSE OF COMMONS.—Movn-kY.

, .
The ,chairman of Queen's county election committee bad
found thttU.-H. Fitzpirtrick,'Esii. was duly elected.
Mr. P.trsEy gave notice that he should, on Thursday, move
'that ther''proceedings 'before the committee be laid on the table.
Lord RUSELL brOught up her Majesty's answer to the
address Of the-hotise with regard to the promotion of marine
officers. It was in the following words:—" Her majesty will
take. into her immediate consideration the best means of carry-
mg into effect the wishes of her faithful commons, expressed in
a motion with regard to the promotion of marine officers, with
due regard to public economy, and to the just claims of all
p irties engaged in the naval and military service." The noble
lord then stated, that the way in which the government pr0p0,,,l
,,,l to deal with the subject was this :—They proposed to ap-
point a commission, or committee of gentlemen of character
and of standing in the naval and military services, and also
some Connected with the civil service, who should Jake the
whole subject into their consideration, and lay a report of their
proceedings before'the house; and, if necessary, should make a
recommendation to the-house, and then the house might decide
upon the whole subject before them.
Colonel S(BTHORP drew attention to the recent appointment
of Mr. Shell to the office of Commissioner to Greenwich Hos-
pital; and brought forward a motion to the effect that all such
offices should.hereafter be filled by officers of the navy.
Mr. C. Woon said, the commissioners had merely the ma-
nagement of the estates of the hospital, and that their duties
1114
Avereftepurelof,a Civil nature.
r a short conversation, the motion was withdrawn.

The house 'then went into committee on the Navy Estimates,
which were brought f,Yrward and explained by -Mr. C. WOOO.
—The discussion upon them occupied the attention of the house
almost to its rising. - ' --.-- - , _

Mr. LITTON obriai-neel- leave to bring- in a bill to 'restore the
ancient jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, ena-.
Ming masters of that court, upon petition,' to execute renewals
of leaites for lives, containing covenants' for renewal, in the
names of persons I;ounit by such covenants to execute the same,
and being out of the jurisdiction of the court, and to extend
such powers to cases of terms for years or lives dependent upon
years.
Adjourned at twelve o'clock.

HOUSE OF LORDS.—TetisnAY.
After the'presentatiou of some petitions on various subjects,
Lord BROUGHAM brought forward the consideration of the
order of council, dated 12th, July, 1837, extending the time of
a previous order to apprentice free labourers imported from In-
dia from three years to five)years in Guiana • and in a speoch
of g,re,itTlengtli he contended that the order_was made clan-
destinely,inasmuch that it never appeared in the Gazette, and
that it had the 'effect of sanctioning the continuance or slavery
in our colonies. His lordship concluded by moving a resolu-
tion cortdemnatory of the order.
Lord GGENELG, it will be observed, supported the'order in
council, the principles on which it proceeded, and the precau-
tions by which it was surrounded : he did so beciiiie the most
laborious sureties were taken to secure the return of the parties
should they desire such return.

The Duke of \VELLINGTON urged the importance of pro-
tecting the proposed arrangement by securing the safety of the
labourers thus to be engaged.
Lord MELaocnNE said that every care should be taken to
securei'the'f,iir amlcorrect working of the system.
Lord Et.t,tiiottriucti 'supported the motion, as he viewed
the order'in council as re-establishing the slave trade.
Lord BuouGil'A NI having replied,
The Doke of•WsttANG-roN, not wishing to oppose the
motion, proposed the, " previous question."
Lord LYNDHURST said that he should supports the original
motion, as he did not think that due care had been taken in
drawipg up the order in council.
The house eventually divided on the " previous questi6ll."
The numbers were=for it, 56; against it, 14—majority, 42.
Lord littouGwAm conceiving that his motion was negatived
on the understanding that the, government would introduce a
measure embodying- the recommendations submitted by the
Duke of Wellington. inquired when the bill on the subject
would be brought in?

Lord..NlgLaO6 feNs and Lord GLENEI.G answered, as speedily

Their Lordships then adjourned

HOUSE OF COMMONSL-TussDAY.

• Committees were ballotted for to try the merits of the Tralee
and Reading,, election petitionn.
The remainder of the evening was occupied with a discussion
noon the colonial policy of ministers, which was art;!ourned till
Wednesday. We have alluded to this debate in a separate
article.-
