A WORD TO THE WORKING CLASSES.

( From the Unstamped Press.)
If O'Connell can succeed in wheedling Your attention he will
keep you till the day of his death involved in barren projects,
the totality of which are not worth one of the public dinners ho
receives. His crusade against the lords is one of these. While
you are engaged in this crusade the middlemen will keep en-
croaching
.more and more iipon your rights, and entangling
you in their meshes, till at last there will be no escape for you,
except through means the very thought of which makes one
shudder. They have already gone a great way; but if you will
be so wretchedly stupid as to join their selfish crusade against
the lords, whilst they are building workhouses for you—then are
you irrecoverably lost. Let the middle classes mice get the
lords into tbeir clutches, and, consequently, the whole legisla-
tive power into their hands, and from that moment will com-
mence such a night of slavery fur England, as England or no
other country ever knew heroic. Mark ! we are now hazarding
a prophecy; therefore give heed, and judge us hereafter by the
result. Once more then we repeat—There is wo hope for you
if you will jolts this crusade against the lords. The middle classes
once in possession of all the powers tf the state, youriate is sealed
fur at least a century to come. Pause, therefore, ere it be too late,
and while you leave O'Connell and the middle classes to look after
their own affairs, do you look after yours. Let them look after the
lords; do you look atter the commons. Let themo on build-
ing the workhouses; do you bethink yourselves how you will
escape them, and keep your children (ruin them. If O'Connell`
talks to you about the lords, tell him that your us kids are so
occupied about the commons, and the workhouses, that you
have no mind for anything else; and if he tries to come blar-
ney over you, tell him to go back to Kerry, and persuade the
famishing Irish (if he can) that they ought to have no poor
laws; and if he attempts to_lecture on what he calls "the abuses
of the poor law system in England," tell him that you have just
got a lesson on the "fallacy of confusion," which has taught
you to distinguish between the abuse of a thing and the thing
itself. Whatever you do, may God prosper you, my friends,
and save you from the whigs, the middlemen, and the work-
houses.

" THE LUCK. OF EDEN HALL;".

OR TIM

FAIRY GOBLET.

BY MRS.CRAWFORD.
There earns a youth to our golden isle,
And he vow'd a row, and he smiled a smile ;
And he won the heart of a maiden as bright
As ever drew sigh from a gallant knight : •
And away they lied when the moon was up,
And the revelers drained the wassail
Away they fled o'er the moorlands wild.
And the Musgrave raved fur his only child.
" Go saddle my gallant grey," he cried,
" And let twenty horsemen mount and ride
As though •Heaven itself by their speed might be won;
No low-born churl will I have for my son.
By the Wend of the Musgrave, no child of mine
Shall wed with one of a nameless line!"
So saying he mounted his gallant grey,
And with twenty armed followers rode away.
The Lady of Musgrave all that long night
Wept for her lord, and her daughter's flight;
Her maids, as they looked on her sad face, sighed,
And to sooth her with guileless speech they tried.
"Isis easy to talk; bet a mother's lure
Hath the brooding wings of a turtle dote;
And where was there ever a mother knew cheer,
When danger or sorrow her child was near
Now the seneschal be was a kindly man,
And to courage his lady he thus began :
" Courage, sweet mistress ! there's hope in store;
Thus much have I learned from the fairy's lure.
'l'o-night when I went to St. Cuthbert's spring,
As they sate on the green, in their magic ring,
I seized on a cup they had filled with dew
And brought it—see, lady—to comfort you."
" Oh look!" said her maidens, as forth he drew
The fairy's glass (rain his cloak to view.
And well might they look; for no mortal's glass
Did ever that elfin cup surpass,
Nor mortal hand ever painted such flowers
As wreathed its brim, nor in Eden's bowers
-Ever blossomed such roses and hearts-ease bright,
As laughed into life on its frost-work white.
But the lady scarce deigned her sweet eyes to lift,
Though to gaze on the charms of a fairy gift:
What comfort to me can that bauble.briug ?"
"Hush, lady ! I heard thelairies sing,—
if this glass, that I hold, either break or fall,
Farewell the luck of Eden-hall !"
Then the Lady of Musgrave grew pale with fear,-
" Go, lock up that goblet, and hold it full dear;
" If on aught so brittle our house depend,
The luck of the Musgraves will soon have an end :"
And so feat ful was she that glass would break,
It kept her all night at her heads, awake.
But the bugle was sounded at last, and then
Came the baron home, with his merry men,
And his daughter fair, as a bonnie bride,
And her gallant knight at her palfrey's side.
Her father had pardoned young Isabel's flight,
For a peer of France was her own true knight;
And the fairy cup it was filled for all,
And christened " the luck of Eden-hall."
Fair maidens, pride of our golden isle,
Old England dear, ':is like ye'll smile
At this rude display of my hurdle art,
Yet lay up the mural, my sisters, to heart.
Yes, a moral may lurk in a fairy tale,
Like a•bee in the bells of the Asphodel,—
That she who in maidenly grace would pass,
Must be charily kept; like the fairy's glass
From the holy fount, or the delicate flowers
That flourish and bloom in elysian bowers.
The crystal of virtue is fragile as fair,
And no rude touch may it safely bear.

* At Eden-ball, the ancient seat of the Musgrave family, iu.
Cumberland, is a beautiful painted drinking glass, called " Fairy
Goblet," or " Luck of Eden-hall," from a legend which says,
tUat the old butler going to draw water from St. Cuthbert's
surprised a ci,mpany of fairies, who were amusing themselves
upon the green near the holy spring, where they left the above-
named cup, singing as they fled away at the butler's approach—
" If this cup either break or fall,
• Farewell the luck of Eden-hall."

On Wednesday night last, an accidental fire took place in
the parlour of the York lintel, which might have been attended
with serious consequences had it not been timeously discovered.
The e.rigin of it was traced to a swell chimney from tilt adjoin-
ing house, which was only divided by a thin partition of plas-
ter from the hotel parlour. The fire was speedily suppressed,
and every necessary precaution adopted to prevent a similar ac-
cident.

OA the that glance at the occupations of pupils in our public
schools, every one is struck with the strange, not to say absurb,
spectacle of young Englishmen being engaged from morning to
night, through a succession of eight or ten years. in learning
the language, manners, geography, and antiquities of Athens
and Rome—communities long ago extinct, and having but a
very remote analogy to the political and social state of their own
country. When this system was first introduced into our schools
and colleges. at the revival of letters, and even so late as the
end of the seventeenth century. such a system of education was
defensible, on the principle of utility, and ahuost on that of
necessity. All liberal knowledge, all scientific treatises, and al-
most every thing that was elegant in polite literature, and in
works of the imagination, were comprised in the Reman and
Greek languages; while all the intercourse of literature and di-
plomacy was maintained in the Latin, as the universal language.
These languages, therefore, formed the indispensable basis, and
even an integral and important portion of superstructure of a
liberal and practical education. But, who, at this day, would
think of having recourse to Aristotle, Theophrastus, or Pliny,
for the study of natural history; to Cato, Varro, and Virgil for
a knowledge of agriculture; to Hippocrates, Celsus, and Galen,
for instruction in materia medica, and surgery; to Archimedes,
Theodosius, and Diophantus, for mathematics; or to Plato, Ci-
cero, and Xenophon, for the science of government and politics ?
And entirely has the Latin language ceased to be the medium
of scientific und diplomatic communication, that it is rare to hear
now even of a private correspondence being maintained by learn-
ed individuals of different nations, on any literary subject, in
that language. The very foundations, therefore, of utility and
necessity, on which the present system was built, have been
either washed away by the Itipse of time, or overlaid by the im-
provement and discoveries introduced by more recent diligence
and genius.—" Education of the Aristoera4y," in the British and
Fihci,qu Reciew,
