ilaritararfit.

HOUSE OF COMM9N6.-7-WcDNEsDAY

The house r-.l.l=e:l,!ed to-4,1%
a four Minutes bef.re ['wiz*

The Speaker took he cbair

M.,1 I Ili E

N• Ew ‘vRIT.

Sir J. C. Houti,ll;:ig, rh ,)r tidstone election
com:nittee, reported to the 111,11-,1 kJ., in, late elution fur
Mairistone ,53,4 null and void. and that the petition to the return
Fector, and the opposition to it, were neither frivolous
nor vexmiitus.

,On rile 'noLion ui the night !lon. Baronet, a new writ was
'then or.lereri in; the b r:-ta:b of Ntlitistone.

On the motion of Sir E. Wit.mo.r, the Birmingham and
Derby junction railway hill was read a second time.
The fenowing hills were re-,rl a third time and passed :—the
Southampton Pier hill; the Gazeley (suir.,k) inclosure bill;
and the Ca a6ritlze •inelos;tre

A ,red.t no,i,:m eu- of petitions on various subjects were pre-
ic.tnte'd.

TIIE RIOTS NNIAE CANTERBURY

Sir E. KY %Ten:mit. said he wished to call the attention of
"the nOble lord the (tome Secretary. to transactions connected
;with the nnihrtuoate and melancholy circumstances which had
I'OE4 taken place near Canterbury. His hon. colleague asked
".a question the other evening which the noble lord answered
with great. frankness. Now in the ilbriting ()aide newspaper,
an article had appeared, making, Lord John Russell condemn
the m tZlitrates of Kent, and the editor went on to say that
tney (the magistrates) had a straiwe way of doing business in
Kent.. ile thought such an observation ought not to go un-
evolaiaed. It was not his intention. nu the present occasion,
to go into the details of the melaueholy events, and, therefore,
he should merely nave for retut its, of the correspondence on the
snblect, which he con:idered the noble lord would not object to.
Helieg-red. however, to saw, that John ThoM. alias Sir William
Courteuay, was apprehended on a warrant regularly granted on
oath.. in the usual way. Amongst the returns, he wished _to in-
elude the one from the Home Secretary liberating Thum, or
Courtenty, from the Lunatic Asylum.
Lord J. RussELL equally regretted with the right honourable
baronet tlt. melancholy dtstarbaucea which had taken place.
With rtiv.iit • to the liberation of John Nichola.a Thom, that
ensued in conseluence of the representations of the magistrates,
bat he did not the other es euiug intend to cast any imputations
on those ganflectien. The liaeration of Thom was also brought
atioutliy two individuals, who stated that they were the father
nail mother of the unfortunate individual, and that their son
was num perfectly sane, and if discharged they would take care
of him and 10e th it he committed no dit•iturbauce. 'The state-
ments or these individuals were supported by two members of
that house. With respect to blame on the subject, none could
he attached to the magistrates or the directors of the Lunatic
Asylum, as in liberating Courtenav they only acted under his
'( Lord John Russell's) orders. He was perfectly satisfied that
every insane hall been used to out down the disturbance. Ile
had no objection to the:production of the papers mitved for by
the right hon. baronet, but he wished another paper to be added
t, them. and that was a statement which he had received from
-'Dr. Poore, containing a n irrative of the whole transactions.

Sir E. KNATCHBuf:r, wisti,d Fur the fullest information on
the subject, and should he mast happy- to include Dr. Poore's
narrative. . • "

Eltimg trusted the melancholy loss of life which had
taken plaee would induee the government to take some steps to
prevent a similar occurrence in future. The him. member pro
ceeded to argue that the only means of preventibg: such
lamentable occurrences was to rovide a better system of na-
tional. education

Sir El. KNATCIIBULL rose to order. lie. trusted the hon.
'member for Kilkenny would not provoke a debate on the pre-
sent occasion. the only object of.. the two ion heiu, to obt:tin
in-
form ttion. He had carefully abstained, in moving for papers,
to give any opinion, or make any entrunent, either one way or
other.

Mr. Hume did not wish to provoke debale;Thilt; he must re-
peat that a better system cif national education would be the
only sure reventive against the recurrence of such outrages.
He must, however, not that occasion, express his disapprobation
of clergymen of the Church ofgrtgland, who were magistrates,
taking the field on such occasions. The cleriy ought not to be
in the e,mtnission of the peace—he said so twenty years ago.
(Hear, hear and oh, oh.) The hon. member was proceeding
to make nth a- remarks, but the house became so impatient that
he did not ri,riierere.

Mr. C. W. WY NN defended the clergy of the Church of Eng-
land. .There was not a more tneritorions body, or one which
was entitl-d more to the thanks and gratitude of the country.
Hedeprecated such ottcalled-for and uoprovoked attacks.

The returai were then ordered.
CHAPLAINS OF THE HOUSE.

Lord J. RUSSELL appeared at the bar, aril read her Majesty's
most gracious answer to the address presented, praying her Ma-
jesty to grant promotion to three of the late chaplains of the
House of Commons. Her Majesty assured her faithful Com-
mons that she would take their loyal address into her most se-
rious consideration, and entleavoarto comply with their wishes
in the best mode which could be devised. Hear, bear.).
Mr. BAINES gave tidies that to-morrow he should move fur
various returns relating to slavery in British. Goiaua.
Mr. [-Loma!: gave notice that to-morrow he should move fur
various returns relating to the mode of conducting banking
business in this country.

WOODSTOCK ELECTION.

Si 4. GRAHAM presented a petition from the Maiquis of
Blaudford, stating, that in the petition against his return a
tecn,nical objection was to he taken by the petitioner against
116 defending his seat in consequence of the lists of objections
taken by him to votes of the petitioner not being delivered in
the time prescribed by the house. Now it nnpeared from the
deposition of the sitting member's agent, that he appeared at
the proper office to answer on his part,- hot there was no officer
to receive them,- and that every exertion had been made In coin-
ply with the forms- of the house. Eider these circumstances he
wished to have the petition read at lenolh, and, then he should
move that the ballot for Woodstock, which stood fur to-morrow,
be discharged, anti that it he taken into consideration on Thurs-
day next. lie had witnesses in attendance to prove the truth
of the allegations in the petition.
The petition wai read by the clerk at the table.

Sir .1. GuAliA'd sait it 11ie house ',Ornitted the farts there
rea,ow witnesses, hot if doubt existed he
wosil4cull witnesses.
The AriLluNsv•GENElt AI. doU hied, a the whote of the fact.
in the petition were true, whether the house had authority to in •
terfere a . (Her.) They could not prejudge a question whic
must come IF:fore aseleet committee appointed under the Oren',
vitle Act.
leffefalqw:oh.servation, from Nlr. C. W. ws nu, Mr. OYCon-

na eXalilirlea.—The wit-
-4 li
ne~,r. prey ,
r/
tval Laripct tao the bar, a
1.1
ro d
in
A,a agent
t? !hargn Margins of !-
rottrltteting his defence to the petition presented against his re-
turn.

Mr. O'CoN NELL stivesteil that a short-hand writer ought to
be present. The evidence might be very important.
A short-hand writer h'aving arrived, the evidence was pro-
ceeded with:—

Witness completed the list of objections to the petitioner's
votes on Friday, the Ist of June, and delivered them to his
clerk, with orders to carry them to the proper office before 12
o'clock.

The examination of witnesses, as to the time of the objections
on the part of the Marquis (if Blandford being produced at the
Committee Clerk's-office, was proceeding when we left the house

THE RIOT IN KENT.

(From the Morning Herald.)

CANTERBURY, SUNDAY NIGHT,—Two more of the deluded
followers of the fanatic Courtenay died no Saturday, Henry
lladloiv and Stephen Baket-. The excitement throughout the
eastern it,visio of Kent conlinaes to increase. and •t he fanati-
cism which. Courtenay's insanity has given rise to is in no de-
gree abated by the death of the imposter. Many of the agri-
ltural population, as well as several of the trading class, still
labour under the grossest religious delusion with respect to the
character of Courtenay and his deceased followers. I have
spoken with several of the laboarers, who expressed to me their
strongest conviction that the whole of them would rise again
this days Such, indeed, is th, infonation upon this subject,
that during a conversation which I had yesterday evening with
a female of r,soectability. who has for some time past been a
believer in Coiirtenay's declaration, that he was from Heaven,
and had come down upon earth to judge people of the world,
she said the account of "Sir William's" death was a falsehood;
that he was still alive, and that the person shot WAS some rough
`fellow who hail been going about representing him. It had
been asserted that the influence which Courteney exercised
over his. ignorant and wretched followers was niitained by his
deminCiations against the amended Pont. Law Act, and his
p ~fyii,es that he would burn down the union poor houses, sod
1 oerf:eive in at "liberal" journal of this day A hope expressed
that the inciters of Cut tewiy and his associates rosy lie dis-
covered and brought to justice." "At this moment," .the
writ proceeds, " there is the blood of eleven human beings
el vigil their means, and calling to 1-leaven for vengeance
nivel them." The only " inciters" Which these men have had,
besides Conrtenae. have been the cheap and liberal journals, in
whose pages the spirit of 'modern innovation has made its way
thr.'etehout the length and breadth of the land; for there is
abundant testimonv to prove that the blasphemous speechesand
renvisentationi hf Courtenay mete mixed up. Upon nearly every
oCc4sien, with the revolutionary jargon of universal suffrage,
to. which was added a favourite declaration of the fanatic,
that the land ought to he divided equally among ail. and that
The aristocracy and gentry had .nit more right to their estates
.n the working people had to 'them. The assertions and in-
sinuations thht Courtenay cunningly availed himself of the
itt-
tatn^d state of feeling induced among the people by the new
poor laws, and that to this feeling is to he ascribed, in a great
degree, the excitement which led to the fatal result, originates
in party motives. Not a syllable of evidence has yet trans-
pired, nor have I been able to obtain the slightest information
to warrant theassertinn that Courtenay's power over his wretched
followers owes anything to his declaration against the new poor
laws; nor indeed to warrant the assertion that he did in any of
his .comtnnuications with nr speeches to them, during the last
week, at all touch upon the subject. There is a strong feeling
among the peasantry of this division of Kent, upon the amended
law, but the followers of Coortenav noon this melancholy occa-
.
sinn, were not in that condition ,to render any representation
that. he might
.make, or any denunciations in which he might
indulge, of any effect upon them, or at least to and like the
extent asserted. Nearly the whole, if not the whole of the pi i-
soners. as well as the wretched men who have been killed by
the military, were in employment at gond witees, and several
in possession of a little property. I understand that W might,
'who is dead, possessed from between £B9O. to ,ElOOO. Wills
h: tls a comfortable cottage and land under Mr. Francis, and
eien were, I am assured, earning from 13,. to 155, per week
'e eh.

h Jive •,lattectl at the character of Courtenay's politics as
be, in 'ce•od..o. e with the 'widen, spirit of legislation. The
fat, in.: extra( t lrom a weekly periodical. called the BritiA
pnhlished he the maniac in 1833, will show that he was
justly entitled to fratero!..e as a politician, at least, with the ad-
vocates of universal stiff. age. vote by ballot. &c.
" Better vrnal.l it be fir the United Kingdom if 12 honest
tradvs:men, 12 bone-t fat leer. ,m(112 poorlabourers were elected
to serve their t onntry, rat ie., I h the present ignorant lion-0
of Commons,, whit.sit is a me, I: parliament, not being the voice
o'f' the ne6pl“. Worttever or tory may say, the present
srate 'the e•nintry folk shops the truth of our argument, that
unless the tithes are wh,,,lv even up, rents hrounht down to a
s!ln'hint v.lne. taxation borne by those who have the property
to pay for it. -England tr,t,t •o; to a revolution; then Sir Wm.
Cottrte,‘,. will his relative value Fe credited; the people
;o, jnsth,r, demands it ; and when were the
"ars ~.• s fir,. I( as :he present ?"
i• tt- •'•• •• ',,t.trtertay 'on Saturday morning, the 26th,
.'• el; a seed through Bouglitoh under the Blean,
I •• • :'oil having five or Fix {lien in his company.
1; •• t••• ••• •t• T'airbr,!: to Bosenden (where the con-
!: t. ,„ • • !ered on Thursday). and a consultation
Zvl •••• house on fte common. Ile there held
0.;,1*4. 4,, dee!aring to his wretched followers that he
or, s.,,lrt,y be slept Rosen.
(Iran, on Moni'd%rixel%ny'rnivei. ith a patty to Fairbrerok. and it is
-stated, but• whet-her' 'Ciivrter I have not been able to
aFcertain, that a loaf was brovknernninottwo, anti placed on a pole.
