the lic.ighty responsibilities Of the
measure, the beggary and ,iestitutiOn which emancipation will
cause to one halt' of the working population of the Island, who
are now. fostered, under the prOvisions of the apprentice law'
by the bounty of their masters: and they wish to throw the I,Mr-
den of the grievous taxation, which. roust attend the freedom of
the slaves, upon the shoulders of the colonists themselves.
" We hope; however, our Assemblysill leave this measure
entirely in the hands of
,the British Government, who have in-
variably rejected theiraets for the improving the working ,of the
system—have listened to the misrepresentations of our enemies,
and have encouraged every system of injury and oppression
which could tend to harass the already plundered planter, and
disgust him with the apprenticeship."
It is stated that in St. Andrew's and in St. George's
the apprentices in many estates were in an excited state,
declaring that they would not work after the Ist of AugtiSt.
This must be viewed as the .effectOf the continued agita-
tion of the anti-slavery folks in,England. We have no
doubt that this agitation was designed by Messr. Sturge,
and Co., to produce the 'very effect of which we have
spoken. .1,

fores

Much of the evil which has undoubtedly existed under
the abolition act, but which we maintain does not ueces-
sat ily arise from the operation of that act, has been owing
to the treacherous manner in which oor imbecile' govern-
ment have, carried it into execution-. The weakness and
pusillanimity of the governors, and the
,contumacious
conduct of the special magistrateS, many of whom are
men of very indifferent characters;, have tended very
greatly to impede the salutary working of a bill which
was designed to produce a gradual relaxation of the sys-
tem of coetcion under which the .slaves were living, and
converted itinto an instrument of oppression towards both
masters and apprentices.

THE CORONATION.—Owing to a press of local intelli-
gence We have no spaceleft to dilate upon the arraoger
tuents for the celebration of the coronation of our gracious
Queen. We have no doubt that every •thing will be
done for the best, under the s'uperintendence of the
respectable committee appointed for the purpose of 'con-
ducting the festivities of the day. In the meantime we
would urge upon our friends the necessity of contributing
immediately and liberally in auginentation of the funds.
Let the celebration be worthy of ,the object of our honour
—worthy, of the Character of EtTlishmen---and creditable
to the " go-od old town.".
