THEATRE-ROYAL, LIVERPOOL.

For the BENEFIT of MR. DOWTON, and the Last Night
but One of his Engagement, on which occasion Mr. VAN-
DENHOFF has kindly offered the aid of his valuable
services. Mr. F. VINING, of the Theatre-Royal, Hay-
market, has also, in the handsomest manner, tendered his
assistance, and will appear for this night only.
The NEW COMIC PANTOMIME will be repeated This
Evening and To-morrow, being the last two nights it can
be acted.
?PHIS present FRIDAY EVENING, the 10th instant,
will be performed Shakspeare's Play of
HENY IV.
Sir John Falstaff.. Mr. Dowtoßn J Hotspur..Mr. Vandenhoff.
Prince of Wales
King Henry the Fourth
Lady Percy Francis Nlr. Baker.
Miss Faucit.
To which will be added the Inter
MARlude. called
THREE WEEKS AFTER RIAGE.
Sir Charles Racket
Lad Drugget Mr Dowton.
y Racket.... Miss Faucit. I Dimity
om Mrs. Tellet.
To conclude with the New Grand Cic Pantomime of
HARLEQ IN .
On SATUR DAY, theUIN TragedySlClLY of JANE SHORE.—
After which, the Drains of ENGLISHMEN IN INDIA.
8,4 e Matthew Scraggs, (his original character,) Mr. Dowton,
til Last Night of his Engagement.—To conclude with, for
the last tirste, the Comic Pantomime of HARLEQUIN IN
SICILY.
„,I%ILISS VANDENEOFF, of the Theatre-Royal, Hay-
ell'et, is engaged for a limited period, and will make her
hrilB,,tepearance here, since her London engagement, on
the '-uAY next, the instant, when will-be performed
ti,,En_pular Play, written by Mr. Knowles, called THE
HUNCHBACK. Master Walter Mr. Vandenhoff, as
Va.Kinlly performed by him at this Theatre ; Julia, Miss
rue4boff.—With other Entertainments, as will be ex-
pressed in the Bills.

LIVERPOOL ASSIZES.
T. C. FOSTER, SHORT-HAND WRITER, LAW
.I,XPORTER, and REPORTER FOR THE LIVERPOOL STAN-
. "rj. will attend, Dail', in the Civil Court, during the en-
of Liverpool Assizes, and will furnish VERBATIM Reports
,-,auses to Professional Men or others on reasonable terms.
xaltiaK taken Short-hand Notes in the Courts of Law for
. Years, he has attained a knowledge of law terms and an
I-ncraintance with the forms of the court, which enables hint
e viduetnneisel:
Bcmci.nu te Verbatim Reports of arguments of counsel,
Address, Mr. FOSTER, Standard-office.
In tae Prela and shortly will be published, in boards, Bvo,
Awith four Lithographic Plates, price 2s. 6d.,
COMPLETE and PRACTICAL SYSTEM of
STANDT- lie T. C. FosTEtt, Profession,l
aud Writer, andporter for the LIVERPOOL
B: IN
lnd Oa : _.'IIITTAKER and Co. Liverpool : MARPLES,
all Booksellers.
Ebt Eibtrpool g.tanbarb.

---
FRIDAY MORNING, AUGUST 10, 1838.
TIP' Tits-Publication of the STANDARD commenced this
morning at 5 o'clock.
Ttt Wi
T lurnEs.—Bv
the Magnet packet, which
arrived at By
on Friday, we have received pa-
pers from the Leeward Islands and Demerara, but none
from Jamaica. The latest dates from Barbadoes are
to the 28th of June, and from Demerara to the 16th
of June. It appears that the Houses of Assembly of
Tobago and Dominica bad passed resolutions for the
termination of the apprenticeship of the negroes in
those islands on the Ist of August. In Barbadoes, it
is said, that about 20,000 negroes were emancipated
on the 18th of June, in commemoration of the battle
of IVaterleo, and preparations were making in that
and the rest of the Leeward Islands for a general libe-
tation on the Ist of August. Of the crops no remarxs
were particularly made; it is understood, however,
that they were proceeding satisfactorily. The Deme-
rara papers contain a copy of a petition from the county
of Berbice, praying for an alteration in the construc-
tion of the colony. The Court of Policy being no-
minated by the electoral college of seven persons,
elected by the colony jointly, in which the county of
Demerara, from its superior population, which was one
half that of the whole colony, had the majority of
votes, it was complained that the inhabitants of De-
merara were preferred, and residents of Berbice, bet-
ter acquainted with its local interests, were thus ex-
cluded from being representatives in that court, and
that Berbice was thus without its fair share in the go-
vernment.

JAMAlCA.—lntelligence from Jamaica has been re-
ceived by the ship Fairfield, which arrived here on
Wednesday, to the 21st of June. We copy from the
Cornwall Chronicle the act for the abolition of the ap-
prenticeship. It is to be hoped that the House of As-
sembly will enact some law for the regulation of
wages, without which the act of enfranchising the ne-
groes will be very incomplete. We apprehend the
most serious consequences from the sudden transition
which has, ere this, taken place among the appren-
tices, from a state of happy dependence upon their
masters, to a condition which affords no guarantee for
the future comfort or prosperity of either party. Much
will, of course, depend upon the degree of prudence
and foresight which may be exercised by the colonial
legislature ; but we very much apprehend that the sun
of Jamaica's prosperity is set for ever, and that its co-
loured population will sink into the same state of slug-
gish inertness and passive indifference as their Hay tian
neighbours. Most glad sli-01 we be if our forebod-
ings should prove unfounded. Of one thing we feel
confident, that Jamaica, in common with the other
West Indian colonies, must no longer depend upon
the staple producti of sugar and coffee, unless, indeed,
the introduction of the English system of husbandry
enables the planters to cultisate their estates with a
much greater degree of economy than at present.
There are, however, other sources from which profit
may be derived in future. We would strenuously re-
commend the planters to prosecute their researches
into the untried capabilities of Jamaica. It is our firm
conviction that, with suitable energy and persever-
ance, the exportation of raw silk might become an im-
portant source of prosperity to that island. We would
also suggest the propriety of applying capital to the
investigation of the mineral veins of Jamaica. We
learn that very excellent specimens of copper and lead
ores have been forwarded thence to this country. If
this report is correct, and that the copper ore realized
full fifty per cent of pure metal, the proprietors of those
estates on which these minerals are to be found, can-
not do better than commence mining operations at
once. Jamaica may yet become a second El Dorado,
bin .not assuredly by the cultivation of its sugar and
coffee plantations. We have also heard from intelli-
gent natives of the island that gold has been repeat-
'" 1y found in the Blue Mountains; and it is a general
pound of complaint that no systematic efforts have
been made to test the mineral wealth of that magnifi-
cent chain of mountains. Before we quit this subject,
may as well mention that there are several vege-
liitile productions indigenous to Jamaica, the utility
oth which has never yet been sufficiently tried. To
ese it. will become the planters to direct their imme-
diate attention. There is an article called silk cotton,
which grows wild in the island ;—can no use be made
of it There are likewise numberless descriptions of
fruits, seeds, roots, and vegetables, which might form
a valuable acquisition to our pharmacopcea, if they
wer• sufficiently known in England.
But we must not digress any further. Our present
business is, to lay before our readers
sit
jp, aclovphyj'eli
for the abolition of the aice ofwtehesuabet
pprent .
join:—
HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY
SATURDAY, 16TH JUNE, 1838.
That°t:e""n'
s
As
irt seerstaiy of the island do cause the bill entitled
ltb
for abolishing the apprenticeship of the prsedial
ou
. rers Within this island, for giving summary power
. to
Justices of the peace, and,,p,trovbi providing for infirm and diseased
Perseus for a limited t'itne Inisitiers in circulation in this island, be twice published in all the
k re Passed the other branches nof 'dales le7slaatsutrhee. same shall
By the House,
...so
BEFIT VIDAL, Deputy Clerk of the Assembly.
JAMAICA, SS.

For abolishing the ar AN ACT
enticesh of the dia labourers
within this island, for giving ip
summaryprm w poerl to justices
of the Peace
sons for a limatedd Providing for infirm and diseased per-
Whereas it bath now become expedient to terminate the
I.lPPrenticeship created by an act for the abolition of slavery
!+1 this
slated,lslan and to allow the apprenticed population to pass
a. of absolute anti entire freedom on the first day
ar August next: be it therefore enacted, by the governor,
council, and assembly, and it is hereby enacted, by the
authority of the same, that all and every the persons who,
11 the first day of August, in the present year, one thousand
*VII hundred and thirty eight, shall be deemed, holden, and
Lilalconsidered within this island as prmdial apprenticed labourers,
l, front and after the said first day of Agust, in the pre-
,-..nt Year, one thousand eight hundred ands thirty-eight, be-
-I°ltte and be to all intents and purposes whatsoever abso-
;tely and
anti discharged of and from the remaining term
°1 their said apprenticeship, raised and created by the above-
Idaentioned act for the abolition of slavery, and are hereby
*elated to tall intents and purposes free subjects.
that, And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,
;"at. from and idler the said first (lay of August next, all sta-
-7 `utea and acts, or parts and portions of statutes and acts, now
then to be in force in this island, which have reference to,
74
iiin anywise affect, the relations now subsisting between
Mo asters
and apprenticed labourers under the abolition acts
wcisetatutes, or acts supplemental thereto, or which in
such
to to or affect the enforcement of the duties of .
to ba, be, and the Caine are hereby, repealed, and declared
MeMy' ar no force and effect, except as to anything done, or
par vtlege or immunity granted for anything done, uncle!.
clauseth"tY or
any
or either of the statutes or clauses this
I,ruvisiorepealed, and except also so far as any or
repealed °f any other of the acts of this island is or are.d
acts I Made of no force by any or either of the said
or statutes
111...,A •
Lest ~• nd be it further enacted, that, from and after the
'aY of August next, if any person now an apprenticed

labourer, having received three months' notice to quit, in
the form hereinafter mentioned, shall refuse or omit to quit
and deliver up possession of any dwelling, land, or building,
which he or she shall have been permitted or suffered to
occupy, to his or her employer or employers, his servants or
agents, or the party entitled to receive possession of the same,
such persons so refusing, or omitting, as aforesaid, shall be
deemed and considered a trespasser, and it shall and may be
lawful in such case for any two justices of the peace, associ-
ated together, upon complaint made upon oath, to summon
the party or parties so offending before them; and, on con-
viction thereof, by warrant under their hands, to authorise
any lawful constable, or any person or persons employed in
the police of this island, summarily to eject such offender or
offenders from such land, building, or dwelling : provided
always, and be it further enacted, that no complaint shall be
entertained by the authority aforesaid during the continu-
ance of any agreement entered into between an employer
and a labourer, by which the said labourer is to have, hold,
or enjoy, the possession of his house and ground for a period
not expired, at the time of any application to such magis-
trate to act as aforesaid.

IV.—And be it further enacted, that the notice hereinbe-
fore mentioned shall be in the form following :
(FORM.)
"JAN &tcA, ss.?
(Parish.) C
Take notice, that von will be, as you are hereby required,
immediately after the expiration of three months from this
notice, peaceably and quietly to surrender, quit, and deliver
over to me (or us) the possession of all that lot or lots, piece
or pieces, or parcels of land, as well as of the dwelling-houses
or premises, with the appurtenances, situate at
iu the parish of which you have been
heretofore permitted by me (or by us) to occupy, under the
penalty, on your failing so to do, immediately after the ex-
piration of the time aforesaid, of your being deemed and con-
sidered a trespasser.
" Dated this day of 18
To of the parish of in
the county of
V.—And, whereas, it is expedient to provide temporary ac-
commodation for the aged and infirm persons, nuw in the ap-
prenticed class : be it further enacted, by the authority
aforesaid, that no proprietor, or person in possession of any
estate, pen, plantation, or settlement, on which are now do-
miciled or attached any apprenticed labourer, or labourers,
afflicted with any disease or bodily infirmity, as may render
them permanently incapable of earning sufficient subsist-
ence, shall be at liberty, after the Ist day of August next, to
discard or turn away such diseased or infirm labourers, but
shall, and they are hereby required to allow such diseased
and infirm labourers to retain possession of their present
houses and grounds, on the respective estates, pens, planta-
tions, or settlements, until the Ist day of June next, under a
penalty not exceeding five pounds for each offence, to be re-
covered in a summary manner before any two justices of the
peace for the parish in which the offence shall have been
committed, such penalty to be applied to the use of the poor
of such parish, and in default of immediate payment of such
penalty, the said offender to be committed to and confined in
the nearest gaol for a term not exceeding ten days.
Vl.—And be it further enacted, that all such infirm and
destitute persons shall be entitled to apply by complaint to
the justices and vestry of the parish in which such persons
reside, for such relief as is provided by the several acts of
this island for relief of the poor and destitute; and thejustices
and vestry, when so applied to as aforesaid, shall be, and
they are hereby required, to grant such relief as shall be de-
termined on by such justices and vestry, according to the
circumstances of each case.

Vll.—And be it further enacted, that the first day of
August next shall be, and is hereby declared a holiday
throughout this island.
Passed the Assembly, this eighth day of June, 1838.
RICHARD BARRETT, Speaker.
Passed the Council, this 16th day of June, 1838.
W. G. STEWART, Clerk to the Council.
I consent, this 16th day of June, 1838.
LIONEL SMITH.
Vera Copia Extur.
• W. G. STEWART, Secretary.

NEW SOUTH WALES.—It is a current opinion on the
Continent, that the great secret of England's strength
lies in her immense colonial possessions. Though
our present ministry seem to discard this opinion as a
superannuated prejudice, it is one to which we are
confident the people of this country will obstinately
adhere. Under this conviction, we have always stu-
died to give prominence to the consideration of every
question affecting the colonial interests of Great Bri-
tain, and to set the highest value upon every topic
connected with their good government and prosperity.
" SHIPS, COLONIES, 2. :'n COMMERCE," is a motto which
must be quite familia.• to every inhabitant of the good
old town of Liverpool; and we trust the day is far
distant when a motto so intimately associated with
our national prosperity shall be obliterated from our
electioneering banners. We offer these remarks, not
as an apology for, but as a justification of, the appro-
priation of so large a space in our paper of this day to
the discussion of colonial intelligence.
We have been favoured with a file of Sydney papers
to the 18111 of April, which were brought by the Jessie,
Capt. Bell, which vessel arrived here yesterday, after
a remarkably short passage. The news brought by
these papers is exceedingly copious and interesting.
Our readers will remember an account which we gave,
some months since, of the death of a convict from
Manchester, named Samuel Terry, who left behind
him an immense fortune. We have just received an
account of the sale of his agricultural stock, and bank
and other shares. As the returns of these sales may
prove interesting to many of our readers, we subjoin
the particulars. The following are the prices realised
in the " sale of 10,000 fine-wooled ewes, being a por-
tion of the improved select stock of the late Mr.
Samuel Terry," which took place on the 12th March:
Lot 1-500 Maiden Ewes, 18 months old, marked 31,
in pitch, ready for the tup S
2-500 Ditto, 18 ditto, ditto, ditto
3-500 Breeding ditto, 24 ditto, ditto, ditto... • 32
4-500 Ditto, 24 ditto, ditto, ditto
5-500 Ditto, 3 yeats old, ditto, ditto 3O
6-500 Ditto, 3 ditto, ditto, ditto 3l
7-500 Ditto, 4 ditto, ditto, ditto ....... 27
8-500 Ditto, 4 ditto, ditto, ditto
9-500 Ditto, 5 ditto, ditto, ditto
10-500 Ditto, 5 ditto, ditto, ditto
11-500 Ditto, 5 ditto, ditto, ditto
12-500 Ditto, aged, ditto, ditto
13-500 Ditto, ditto, ditto, ditto
14-500 Ditto, ditto, ditto, ditto
15-530 Ditto, 5 years old, ditto, ditto 2l
16-500 Ditto, 4 ditto, ditto, ditto 24
17-500 Ditto, 4 ditto, ditto, ditto 25
18-500 Ditto, 3 ditto, ditto, ditto 33
19-500 Ditto, 2 ditto, ditto, ditto 34
20-500 Maiden Ewes, 18 months old, ditto
Total, 10,000

The sale of Bank Stock and Insu►ance Shares took
place on the 11th of April, and realised the following
prices :

BANK OF NEW SOUTH WALES.
Lot I—Five Shares in the Bank of New)
£4B Premium.
South Wales, £4O each paid up S
2—Five ditto, ditto 49
:3—Five ditto, ditto 44

, -.
4—Five ditto ditto 37
s—Five ditto, ditto 36
._.

6—Five ditto, ditto .... 38
7—Five ditto, ditto 4O
B—kive ditto, ditto 39
And 1 Lot at £4O.
COMMERCIAL BANK.
Lot 9—Five Shares in the Commeicial
Bank, £lOO paid up 5 £ll5 Premium.
10—Five ditto, ditto ll5
11—Five ditto, ditto ll6
12—Five ditto, ditto ll6
I3—Five ditto, ditto, £lO paid up 23 Per Share
14—Five ditlo, ditto, ditto
15—Five ditto, ditto, ditto
16—Five ditto, ditto, ditto
17—Five ditto, ditto, ditto
IS—Five ditto, ditto, ditto
BANK OF AUSTRALIA.
Lot 19—Five Shares in the Bank of
£24 Premium.
Australia, £2 5s each paid up
MARINE ASSURANCE COMPANY.
Lot 20—Ten Shares in the Marine Asl
£36 Premium.
surance Company, £l5 paid up
21—Ten ditto, ditto
22—Ten ditto, ditto
23—Ten ditto, ditto
24—Ten ditto, ditto
25—Ten ditto, ditto
26—Ten ditto, ditto

These papers contain very numerous complaints of
the want of labourers in our Australian Colonies. We
have no room to day for any lengthened extracts on
the subject: but we would call attention to the follow-
ing paragraphs, which are strongly indicative of the
present wants of these all-important Colonies :

THE TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM.
The Monitor of M0,,,1ey last contains some very pertinent
remarks on the result of a late trial in the Supreme Court—
where a large sum, in damages and costs, was awarded against
the hirer of a horse, for wha' appears to have been an acci-
dental injury to an animal not at all of the description in-
tended by the implied contract. It is not with this, however,
that we have at present to do—although the case is an admi-
rable illustration of the enormity of the cost of the law system
in a Colony like this: we point to it, on this occasion, as an
instance of the working of that thing called "the transporta-
tion system." The law of England declares that no convict
possessed merely of a ticket-of-leave, shall hold property—
that he cannot sue or be sued, in a civil court. And very pro-
perly so ' • because, as we have over and over again stated, the
object of a ticket-of-leave is merely to enable the holder
thereof to labour on his own account—to discharge bins, on
certain conditions, from immediate custody; but not to place
him in a situation to compete, as a master-man, with the free
Colonists. But look how the thing is made to work. Look
at the horse case (with the merits of which we have nothing
here to do;) look at this case as one out of many of daily oc-
currence, showing how the law is openly set at nought in this
colony. The late Chief Justice, now Sir F. Forbes, declared
from the Bench in the • Supreme Court, that the ticket-of-
leave act was a preposterous, unjust law. Even though it
were so, nothing could be more unbecoming in a Judge than
to volunteer so extra-judicial an observation in his official
capacity. No extra-judicial matter of any kind ought to be
heard from the lips of a Judge sitting on the Bench. And
as to politics of any description, nothing can be urged to
justify the introduction of any such topics. No matter, how-
ever, what the opinion of Sir Francis Forbes might be, in
reference to the ticket-of-leave act, it is, notwithstanding,
part of the law of the land; and that law we daily behold
violated in this colony, by means of device and trickery.
As to the case before us, a ticket-of-leave holder resides with
his free wife; he carries on a thriving trade; but when a
dispute arises between him and any of those persons who deal
with him, and an appeal to the law becomes necessary, we
behold the ridiculous mummery of the suit being brought in
the name of the wife. So, also, in cases where men are as-
signed to their wives. Now, it is quite obvious that the act
of Parliament could never have contemplated the existence
of such a state of things ; and we, therefore, thus briefly
allude to it, in order that we may, possibly, become the
means of directing the attention of the Home Government
to the fact, that acts of the British Parliament may be ren-
dered nugatory here, by injudicious local regulations, adopted
to meet the views of theoretical public functionaries.--Sydney
Herald, April 16.

MECHANICS FROM INDIA.
When, on a recent occasion, we recommended the imme-

diate importation of labourers from India, in order to supply
the pressing exigencies of the settlers, we omitted to state,
that mere labourers (in the popular acceptation of the term)
are not the only persons of whose services the Colonists may
avail themselves from the same source. Mechanics of a very
useful order may be obtained from India; and, in arts not al-
ready familiar to them, they have been proved, in common
with the Chinese, to be gifted with powers of imitation in an
extraordinary degree. The settlers, therefore, may obtain
from India any description of mechanics which they may want
upon their farms. It is of the utmost importance that the lo-
cal government should, without a moment's delay, take up
this question of labour, and strain every nerve to supply the
wants of the settlers. We have already pointed out the inevi-
table consequence of supineness in this respect, as it affects the
general interests of the colony. The government, we hope, will
do its duty; but, in the mean time, it is for the flockmasters and
other landed proprietors to look to themselves, by immedi-
ately taking advantage of the opportunity presented to them,
of not only obtaining labourers, but, also, mechanics of every
description, from among the Indian population.—Sydney
Herald, April 16.

As a curious illustration of the progress of civiliza
tion in the southern hemisphere, we subjoin an adver.
tisement from the Sydney Herald :

GOVERNESS WANTED AT NEW ZEALAND.
Wanted a governess by a respectable family residing at the
Bay of Islands, New Zealand, competent to teach English,
French, Music, Drawing, and Dancing. Satisfactory refer-
ence as to character and competency required. Apply by let-
ter addressed to A. 8., Herald Office, George-street.

THE PRISONS BILL.—We have to congratulate the
town upon the defeat of the Prisons Bill, one of the
many nonsensical schemes, not to give it a worse name,
propounded by the government of our beloved Queen,
whom God defend!

This bill, had it passed, would have entailed upon
this town an expense of upwards of two hundred
thousand pounds--that is a rate upon the inhabitants
of about one shilling in the pound for ten years—to
accomplish, not only, at best, a questionable good, but,
in the opinion of many, a positive evil. But it would
have given power to the Secretary of State to tax all
the towns that have had the benefit (?) of municipal
reform, to the amount of thousands, with, perhaps, no
other result than that of increasing the power and pa-
tronage of our no. patronage government.

" Thank God ! xse have a House of Lords ;" and it
is to then), and by them alone, we have been saved
from so heavy an infliction.

The "silent" system is, just now, fashionable in
prison discipline—for there is a fashion even in that
line—but Lord John Russell goes a step farther, and
wishes to add the "separate" system. Many of our
readers may perhaps even ask what is the silent sys-
tem ? It is that the prisoners, when at work, are not
allowed, under some penalty, to speak to each other;
and whether the "separate" is added for the allitera-
tion we know not, or whether to increase the misery
or the happiness of the prisoners we cannot tell ; but
suffice it to say that Lord John's crotchet gives to each
prisoner a room to himself, accommodated with a bell,
by ringing of which he can, by night or by day, com-
mand the attendance of a jailor—no doubt who will be
ready to supply him with books selected from some
mechanics' institute or apprentices' library, to amuse
himself and improve his mind and dissipate his ennui.
And for this tomfoolery the good old town—for we
were to have been honoured by having the first experi-
went tried here—was to have been taxed to the amount
of thousands.

It will be naturally asked, however, whether we have
not jails already in the town and neighbourhood ? To
which we answer, yes—we have two: we have the old
French Prison and Kirkdale Jail; the latter erected
within a few years, at an enormous expense, and
which, in our simplicity, we had thought equal, in ex-
tent and accommodation, for every reasonable pur-
pose :—for the new system—for the alliteration sys-
tern—for the " silent" and " separate"—these, how-
ever, will not do : there is not a parlour for each pri-
soner.

But it will be thought that, supposing the old French
prison is taken down, the land will sell, being near to
the docks, for more than double the cost of land for a
new jail, and the difference will almost pay the ex-
pense of a new erection. So it would, if our saga-
cious corporation had not so far ruined their own es-
tate, as they have done, by building dock warehouses.
The land, a few months ago, would have fetched three
pounds a yard ; it will not now fetch half that sum.
Where, when this bill was going through the Com-
mons, was our Town Council ? Did they know any-
thing of it ? Did they offer any opposition to it ?
Yes, they did ; they sent their factotum, Mr. Eyre
EvanK Who is this man ? What interest has
he in the town to offer any resistance to it ? To what
extent ? Why, to get the rate called a jail rate in-
stead of a borough rate, and to ask for the patronage,
which, as it stood in the bill originally, was rested in
the magistrates. We hope the electors in November
will not forget this.

It will be recollected that one of the vaunted bene-
fits of the municipal reform was, that it would relieve
us from the county rate, which it does ; but it obliges
us to maintain our prisons, and, if this nefarious plan
had gone into operation, to erect new prisons, in which
every felon would have to be furnished with a cell—
we beg pardon—a parlour for himself.

WHIG-RADICAL PURITY.—The radicals are incapable
of anything like corruption. They have an instinc..,
tive abhorrence of anything which verges upon it.
They are great sticklers for purity. They cannot bear
any undue interference with the franchise. God bless
them, they are purists of the first water. They would
not condescend for the world to multiply votes by any
kind of trickery. Knowing that this is a favourite
boast of the liberal faction, we confess that we have
been very greatly surprised to find the following goodly
list of qualifications for "Economy Place, Canning-
street." No doubt the parties implicated will offer a
satisfactory solution of the question which occurs to
our minds—are they entitled to swamp the county
constituency by such a wholesale melon of votes?
Our readers will be edified by the singular exhibition
which the undermentioned gentlemen have made of
their patriotic and liberal sentiments. What the par-
ties have to say for themselves will appear when the
matter comes before the revising barristers. It is
very instructive to find that the great teachers of
" purity of election," to wit, our " esteemed con-
temporaries" of the Times and the Albion, can con-
descend to such expedients as are indicated by the
precious list which we subjoin. No doubt their virtuous
indignation will be kindled when they find that the
overseers have taken such liberties with their names.
We shall not expose ourselves to the charge of attri-
buting improper motives to the very "honourable
men" who figure in the list which we have thought
proper thus to introduce as claimants for county votes.
Ecce signum :
John Ashworth, Esq., gentleman, 15, Pleasant-street, Liv-
erpool, one-third of a freehold house, Economy-place,
Canning-street North.
Arthur Chillas, Esq., merchant, 3.3, Evertors-road, one-third
of a freehold house,
_Economy place, Canning-street
North.

Arthur Chinas, Esq., merchant, Philadelphia, one-third of
a freehold house, Economy-place, Canning-street North.
Richard Deacle Heywood, Esq., banker, Stamford Lodge,
Liscard, one-third of a freehold house, Economy-place,
Canning-street North.

Thomas Wilkinson Manlove, Esq., merchant, Wheatland-
lane, Seacombe, one-third of a freehold house, Economy-
place, Canning-street North
John Daniel Thornely, Esq., merchant, brother to Thomas
Thornely, Esq., M.P., Blackburn-place, Liverpool, one-
third of a freehold house, Economy-place. Canning-street
North.

Robert Leech, Esq., banker's clerk, 3, Wellington-street,
Toxteth-park, one-third of a freehold house, Economy-
place, Canning-street North.
William Wales, Esq , proprietor of the Liverpool Times, 12,
Seymour•street, Liverpool, one-third of a freehold house,
Economy-place, Canning-street. North.
Thomas Bean, Esq., proprietor of the Liverpool Albion, and
correspondent to the London Times, No. 2, Hill-side-ter-
race, Everton, one-third of a freehold house, Economy-
place, Canning-street North.
William Wood, Esq., 111. D., Litherland, one-fourth of a
freehold house, Econoiny-place, Canning-street North.
Benjamin Heywood Jones, Esq., banker, Lark-hill, West
Derby, one-fourth of a freehold house, Economy-place,
Canning-street North.

Robert Heywood Jones, Esq., merchant, Rodney-street, one-
fourth of a freehold house, Economy-place, Canning-street
North.

Thomas Hobson, Esq., merchant, Duke-street, Edge-hill,
West Derby, one-fourth of a freehold house, Canning-street
North.

Samuel Taylor Hobson, Esq., merchant, Nile-street, Liver-
pool, one-fourth of a freehold house, Canning street North.
Hugh Ellis Evans, Esq., (E. C. and Hall,) 4G, Seymour-
street, one-fifth of a freehold house, Canning-street North.
Samuel Evans, Esq.. gentleman, 3, Erskine-street, West
Derby, one-fifth of a freehold house, Canning-street North.
Joseph King, Esq., share-broker, &c., 5, Roscommon-street,
Everton, one-fifth of a freehold house, Canning-street North.
Joseph King, junior, Esq., share-broker, &c., 5, Roscommon-
street, Everton, one-fifth of a freehold house, Canning-
street North.
Robert Jones King, Esq., share-broker, &c., 5, Roscommon-
street, Everton, one-fifth of a freehold house; Canning-
street North.

A Puoi.tric' HEN.—John W. Riley, constable, of this
city, has a hen which, at one sitting, brought forth twenty-
four little responsibilities This hen beats all the hens we
ever heard of. Poultry will be very cheap next Christmas.
—Cincinnatian.

We are told that it is so hot in New Orleans, that standing
at any corner one can see whule suits of clothes walking along,
the occupants having melted away from them. What a
country I—Nety York paper.
