Imperial l3arliament.
HOUSE OP LOPDS.
MONDAY, MAricir 11.
JURY SYSTEM (IRELAND).
Lord PLUNKETT gave notice, that on Friday next he would
introduce a bill for amending the laws relative to juries in Ire-
land. The bill would be substantially the same as the measure
which was before the house last session, but some alterations
would be made in it.

The Earl of WICKLOW expressed a hope that the noble and
learned lord would acquaint the house with the opinion of the
judges of Ireland with respect to the measure which he was
about to bring forward. If it should appear that the alterations
had been made in compliance with the suggestions of those
learned persons, he would offer no opposition to the hill.
Viscount MELBOURNE said it was unusual to produce the
ovinion of the judges under such circumstances.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH said that the committee which satupon
the bill last year was adjourned sine die, in order to allow the
chairman to ascertain the opinions of the judges with respect
to the measure. He hoped that the ornions of the judges,
would be communicated to the house between the first and se-
oetl. reading of the bill.
The Marquess of LANSDOWNE concurred with his noble
friend in thinking that it would be improper to produce the
opinions of the judges. The House of Lords was justly jea-
lous of receiving the opinions of persons out of doors relative
VI the measures which ought to be proposed in that house.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH said there would be no difficulty in
the learned lord stating the opinions of the judges without
their being communicated officially to the house.
Lord KING presented three petitions from Carlow, praying
for the abolition of tithes; and one from a place in Middlesex
.of a similar nature.

The Earl of RODEN postponed his motion relative to the sys-
tem of education recently introduced into Ireland from to-mor-
row to that day se'nnight.
The Bishop of CHESTER presented petitions from Preston,
Congleton, Rochdale, and other places, praying for the enact-
ment of laws to enforce the better observance of the Sabbath,
and for the repeal of the Beer Act.
Lord. TEYNHAM presented a petition from a place in, Mayo,
against the Irish Disturbances Bill; and gave notice that he
would, on a subsequent day, move an address to the King,
Praying him to direct the Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland to insti-
tute an enquiry into the circumstances which induced him to
proclaim the barouy of Gallen in Mayo.
' The Bishop of BATH and WELLS presented a petition from
Froine against the Brer Act.
Lord TEYNHAM said that the act had been a boon conferred
upon the country.
Earl ST. VINCENT presented two petitions of a similar na-
ture.

THE SABBATH.

Petitions praying for the enactment of laws to enforce a bet-
ter observance of the Sabbath were presented by the Bishop of
Bangor, from Wallingford and seven other places in the county
of Berks ; by the Bari of Roden, from Aberdeen, Dublin, and
4 parish in Essex; and by the Lord Chancellor, from some
hundred inhabitants of London and Westminster. The noble
and learned lord on presenting these petitions said that the ob-
servance of the Sabbath was advantageous to thepeople both in
at religious and worldly point of view, but he apprehended that
great difficulty would be experienced in legislating on the sub-
j.ect. He believed that the petitioners were entirely mistaken
as to the fact that the Lord's-day was less strictly observed than
formerly. He was satisfied, both from his own observation and
the information of others, that the Sabbath was better observed
now than at any former period, and that there was now less ir-
religion in the njountry than there had been of late years.
Above all things he deprecated anything like rash legislation
on the subject,leit, by running counter to the feelings of the
people, they sheuld make the case worse than it now was.
The noble and learned lord then presented petitions from
Perth, Montrose, Gainsborough, and other places, in all 2-1,
against the continuance of negro slavery.
The Bishop of BRISTOL presented a petition from a place in
Gloucesterslute for the better observance of the Sabbath.

Lord DINORBEN presented three petitions front different
plAces in Wales against negro slavery.—Adjourned.

TUESDAY.

Petitions, praying the house to adopt measures for enforcing
a better observance of the Sabbath, were presented by the
Bishop of Durham from a place in Durham; by the Bishop of
Lichfield and Coventry, four in number; by the Bishop of
Oxford, three in number; by the Earl of Clarendon; by Lord
Byron, and by the Earl of Roden.
The Earl of KINNOUL presented a.petition from the provost
anti town council of Aberdeen, praying for an alteration of the
courts of law in Scotland.
The Earl of RODEN presented a petition from the inhabitants
of Killaloe, expressing their dissatisfaction at the bill intro-
duced by ministers for the reform of the Irish church, and pray-
ing that the bishopric of Killaloe might not be abolished.
Lord KING presentedpetitions, praying for the abolition of
tithes from two parishes in Cork and Kilkenny, and from the
town of Ashburton, in England.
QUEEN ANNE'S BOUNTY.

Lord KING said he was about to move for some returns
relative to the application, or rather the mis-application, of
(been Anne's bounty. He bad always contended that it was
at crying abuse that rich impropriators allowed their curates
.only a miserable pittance for performing the duties connec‘ed
with the livings. The flagrancy of the case was the greater
:when bishops and deans and cnapters happened to be the im-
propriators. lie had found, however, that those persons had
been in the habit of increasing the stipends of their curates by
grants obtained from Queen Anne's bounty and the Parliament-
ary grant for the relief of poor clergy. This was neither more
nur less than obtaining money under false pretences, because
those funds were intended to be devoted to the clergymen who
held poor livings, whereas the bishops and deans drew upon
them for the support of the ill-paid servants in rich livings.
'l'he bishops and deans and chapters ought to provide for their
curates out of their own superabundance, and not come upon a
public fund intended for the support of really poor curates.
Tfie noble loid here read the following figure statements to
shew the number of livings which had been augmented from
time to time :

"Dean and Canon of Windsor impropriator of the following
parishes, received from Parliamentary grant and Queen Anne's
bounty :-Plymsted, 1811, £600; 1812, £400; 1815, £3OO.
Plympton, -, £6OO. St. German's, 1811, £800; 1814, £4OO.
Wembury, 180, £200; 1816, £1,400. Northam, 1764, £200;
1812, £4OO. South-Molton, 1813, £6OO.
"Dean and Canon of Winchester, impropriators of tithes of
tWo large parishes in Wales :-Holt, 1725, L2ooi 1733, £2OO.
Iscoyd, 1749, £200; 1757, £200; 1798, £200; 1818, £2OO.
"Dean of Exeter, impropriator of tithe :-Landkcy, 1775,
£200; 1810, £200; 181 u, £1,400. Swimbed, 1750, £200;
1811, £4OO.
" Dean and Chapter of Carlisle, impropriators of valuable
tithe :-llesket, 1813, £600; 1815, £2,000 to purchase land ;
1816, £300; 1817, £3OO.
"Dean of Bangor, impropriator of tithe (curate paid £32. 4s :)
-Gvffin 1677, £200; 1810, £2(X); 1816, £1,400.
" Bishop of Bangor, impropriator of valuable tithe (curate
pai6l £3O 125.) :-Llandegar, 1812, £200; 1815, £1,600; -,
£300; -, £3OO.
" Bishop of Lichfield, impropriator of large tithes in Me-
•rionethshire (curate paid only £27) :-Tallylyr, 1808, £200;
1816,. £1,400. Penal, 1810, £2:00."

The noble lord continued,—The two collegiate bodies of Win-
chester and Windsor, with the three deaneries of Exeter, Car-
lisle, and Bangor, had alone received £14,500 from Queen Anne's
botinty. He had. no doubt that he should be able to prove many
cases of a similir description if the returns for which he was
aboUt to move should be laid before the house. It was not to
be endured that deans, chapters, precentors, chancellors, and
all the rubbish of cathedrals, should have so much money, and
the really working clergy so little. Public indignation was
ready to cry aloud "begone,- you deans and chapters, and
give place to honester men, who really serve the church." On
other occasions the bishops were ready to tell the people that
the "labourer was worthy of his hire," and that "those who
served the church must live by it." Let them act upon that
principle in the present case. He was for getting rid of the
drones of the establishment, who did nothing but suck the ho-
ney out of the public purse. The noble lord concluded by
moving for a return of all parishes in which the tithes belonged
to bishops or ecclesiastical bodies that had received augmenta-
tion from the governors of Queen Anne's bounty or the parlia-
mentary grant for the relief of the poor clergy.
The Bishop of LONDON said that the governors of Queen
Anne's bounty had voluntarily presented to parliament a very
minute account of all their proceedings up to 18243, it would,
therefore, only be necessary to continue that account up to
the present period, and the noble lord would be in possession of
alLthe infoimation which he desired. The governors were not
men who desired to conceal, any part of their conduct, and it
would be found, upon investigation, that they were free from
blame in all that they had done. He begged to inform the no-
ble lord that the bishops and ecclesiastical bodies who were im-
propriators stood in precisely the same situation as lay impro-
priators. A bishop held his tithes on the same condition as a
uy impropriator—namely, to, provide a certain sum to the cu-
ate, which was generally fixed in the leases,.and could not be
