TUESDAY MORNING, JULY 7, 1835.

By the Edinburgh, Captain LYALL, which arrived
yesterday, we have late dates from Australia, viz., to
the 14th March. The colony was tranquil and pros-
perous; but the papers do not possess much interest.
The Australian complains of the slovenly manner in
which horticulture is pursued in the environs of Sydney
and we suspect that the climate is not so favourable
European roots and fruits as was supposed. The fol.,
lowing statements may be useful to emigrants :,

"Some quantity of excellent potatoes have lately come to
market from Hunter's River. A gentleman recently arrived
from the South of behind declares he never ate better in that
famed country. Mr. Riley, of Bong Bong, brought some tons
to Sydney last year, which were large in size, and equality
quality to any in the world. Why then should we send to
New Zealand, and the Derwent, for this rout? 'Poor people
have now to pay 2d. per lb. for potatoes of inferior quality,
which is dearer than wheaten bread; and other vegetables are
scarcely to be had at any price. The plea of arid seasons will
not excuse the apathy or indolence of any one of our up coun-
try settlers. Mr. Sheppard's plan of irrigation meets the diffi-
culty, and if our' agriculturists had to pay high teats for their
land, we should see every cleared spot teeming with produce,
and every out building full of fat pigs.
" fruit producedin this colony is more wholesome, or
more grateful to the palate than the orange, and none would
be more productive if proper soil and aspect store selected, and
a little necessary care applied. Yet how inferior this fruit
generally is here, and at jwhat an enormous price! The trade
in this fruit alone to \Thu Diemen's Land, and many home
settlements would be very extensive, even the quality im-
proved, and the price mole moderate. At the Cape may
buy, second or third hand, a dozen large oranges for twopence
farthing, of most exquisite flavour and quality. Our lemon's.
too, show great neglect in the culture—with rough thick rinds,
and very little juice. In faCt, all the departments of farming
and horticulture seem rather to retrograde than advance, and
while men can luxuriate in large towns by the fairy-like crea-
tion of assignats, the humbler -consumer may took in vain for
improved quality and moderate prices.
We complain of the delusion of others, while we are de-
luding ourselves, who are continually calling this colony 'a
very cheap colony.' Now, to emigrants from Scotland, Ire-
land, or Wales, or, indeed, fri.m London itself, nothing ap-
pears so very cheap but peaches in the season, and these, like
every other article, are much inferior to those of the united
kingdom. Let us take prices in London fur example, Bread
is cheaper than in Sydney; potatoes and other vegetables two-
thirds less. Butter, cheese, bacon, hams, pickled pork, and
egge' f!-oin 25 to 50 percent. less; and, moreover, are always to
he h.d in abendance. Butlter's meat, which is far bettor in
qeality and more nutritive than can ever he produced in this
et mat may be bought at nearly the same price, except for
picked join.s, which have been dispensed with souse time by
the majority of persons emigrating to this cheap country.
Look a to Ise lent, and the price of water, from 50 to 500 per
cent. higher than in Lotion. Tea and sugar seem nearly
double the price there; but iu reality are quite as cheap in the
consumption, with better results than can be obtained here at
any cast. • Articles of clothing are more than 50
.per cent.
louver than here, and can be obtained of any description to snit
toe pocket of the buyer. But bow superior roost oe trieen.
dition of the farmer here to those in Britain, who have every
thing from the light of heaven down to the minutest necessary
rated, and taxed, to the utmost extent?"

The packet which arrived at this port on Saturday
brought us New York papers to the 17th June. The
attention of the people of America is beginning to take a
serious turn on the question of slavery. One of the New
York journals remarki
- -
"As soon as the British parliament passed their act abolishing
slavery throughout their colonial possessions we had no doubt
that other European nations would follow the example thus aet
before them, and that the time could not be far distant when
this blot upon the human character would be effaced from the
civilized world. Agreeably to our general expectation. the sub-
ject has been introduced into the French chamber, in point of
form, it would seem, somewhat incidentally, and a very in-
teresting discussion occurred on the 22d of April, upon the sub-
ject of emancipating the slaves in the colonies of that nation.
The councils general of the islands of Martinique and Guada-
loupe had applied to the government of the mother country for
a grant of money, to provide additional armed forces. to keep
the slaves in those islands in order."

This might have been expected. It was hardly possi-
ble that in the French West India colonies slavery wotild
be allowed to exist after its abolition in by far the great-
est number. of islands, and that the minority of the Wick
population should continue in bondage after the majority
had become free. With regard, therefore, to the French
colonies we consider the question settled. An increased
military force may indeed procrastinate the act of eman-
cipation, but that is an evil which will cure itself. The
price will in the end be more than slavery is worth; but
whenever the French are induced to legislate on this
difficult subject, we trust they will take warning from the
example of England. Labour must/be compulsory fir
many years under severe penalties and corporal punish-
ment, otherwise it will be as well for the planters-to
abandon their estates at once.

But the abolition of slavery in the United .States of
America is a still more complicated questian. It must
be remembered, that there are upwards of TWO MILLIONS
of slaves in the land of liberty, and,that a preponderating
portion of the wealth of the citizens has sprung and is
derived from slate labour. A little book ha's lately been
published, which we shall notice first opportunity, show-
ing-what slavery is- in -the United States; and we must
confess we have risen from the perusal 'of it with sensa-
tions of horror. Slavery was bad enough in aoMe-of the
British colonies, while in others it was as mild as paternal
authority could render it, and was productive of is much
happiness as is to be found on the face of the earth. But.
in no part of the slave possessions of this country did we
ever hear of one hundredth part of the brutal and dig-
gn,;ting cruelty which disgraces the slave owners of the
republic. However, we shall recur to this subject
the meantime hear what the New York journalist says

concerning it :

" We never have believed, for a moment, since the British
emancipation act was passed, that its influence upon other go-
vernments in Europe, who had slaves in their colonies, could be
resisted. That France will follow the example thus set, we tire
entirely confident; and that Spain, Denmark, and ail other na-
tions that suffer slavery to exist under their jurisdiction,
in their turn, be obliged to pursue the same course that fire :t.
Britain has adopted, we cannot doubt. No dispassionate and
disinterested person, who views the progress of opinions and
events in the world, can believe that slavery will be tolerated
for ever. It is so contrary to the great principles which are so
extensively spreading, and so powei fully influencing the civil-
ized world, that no power on earth will be able for half a cen-
tury to come to uphold such a system of injwit ice and oppres-
sion, of cruelty and tyranny. It not abolished ►n .s kind, just,
and humane manner, it will be little short of a miracle if it does
yield to a force that nothing can resist.

Our last ndvices from Jamaica reach to the 23th Mss'.
All the letters breathe the, same melancholy tone, and
e%411. the newspapers under the influence of the govern-
ment are compelled to confess that the negroes are itTle.
and disobedient,—that' the new stipendiary magistrates
are ignorant, partial, and inefficient, and that ruin stares
the colonists in the face. All this is what we expected
and predicted; but the die is cast, the negro is left to the
freedom of his own will, and in _the pursuit of licentious
