1
THE NEGRO APPRENTICESPri X 10;
TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIFERPOOL .5; MRD.

Sia,-1 accidentally attended a meeting in Birmingham some
few days since, when the immediate emancipation of the negrues
in our West India Colonies was strongth Urged by Messrs.
Sturge, Thumpson, and others, and, in consequence, trouble
you with a few ideas upon the subject,l which, perhaps, you way
think worthy a place iu your columns. - 1 aw, Sir,
Your very obedient servant,
G. E. B.

That freedom is every man's birthright, according to the re-
vealed laws of our Divine Creator, and that, cousequently,
slavery, in any form, must be a departure from the original de-
sign of that beneficent being, is a troth so palpable and so gene-
rally admitted, that few in the present day would dispute it, as
an abstract question, and amongst that few 1 am not ready to
enlist ; but 1 think I um right in expiessing my opinion on the
slate of the negroes in the British Colonies, in consequence of
attending a meeting of the friends of immediate emancipation
for the negro population in our foreign dominions, a step which,
after the great settlement of the questiiin by the legislature, I
consider to he both unwise and impracticable. Whilst Ido not
yield to any individual amongst them one iota of ssmpathy for
the distresses and sufferings of the negrrs, and whilst I abhor
cruelty and oppression to any and its every shape, quits as
heartily and as I horolighly as any of the advocates far immedi-
ate emancipation can do, I ready must state, that I heard, with
sorrow and regret, expressions towards the government, the
committees of the House of Commons, the stipendiary magis-
trates in the West Indies, and towards the planters generally,
which I think no teally humane and benevolent or thinking
matt could have uttered, without that excitement attendaut on
espousing a question, as a party question, where zeal generally
outruns discretion, and -where ever. the boundary of truth is
but too often disregaide•d in endeaeouring to make out a
ease, and excite the feelings of an audience. The statements
of Mr. Sturge, in particular, should, on this account, be re-
ceived with great caution, because he is avowedly a warns
partizan, and his statements are considerably at variance with
many equally intelligent, and much hinges residents, iu Bri-
tish colenies,- whose opportunities of -judging ale therefore
greater, and, who taking the subject dispassionately, are
therefore the hest judges of the matter, and it is not to be in-
ferred that Mr. Simile, in his West Indian crusade, has not
Laid hold or the very worst cases be could select, the enormities
of which are magnified, whilst that mild and kind treatment of
slaves, which most frequently attracted his notice, is carefully
concealed. The violent declamatteus of• Mr. Thompson, who
began his address on so very serious and affecting a subject, by
av. rse from ''Old Mother 11 u iibard," nu.st be taken for what
ii was, a declamation well delivered. but containing not a single
until of iutormation, and totally unsupported by any thing iu
the shape of evidence; his violent ex pres•iiins against the go-
vernment, the stipendiary magistrates, and the planters, led the
to the conclusion that they were excarded flout that universal
flow of philanthropy which he professed to feel liar all mankiud,
" over whose distresses he could pour out r►vers of tears," whilst
it appears to me they are entitled to a parricipatiou in this oyes-
flaw of sympathy on the following grounds:—
First, the ministry—They have grappled and settlerl a ques-
tion widen fur years has been regarded of paramount iu►port-
auce. which has been viewed with tenor and dtsntay, as sur-
rounded with clouds and darkness by our most talented and
most benevolent staiesinen —men heartily desiruua of amelio-
rating the state of the negro slave—men, "with minds to
,:omprehend the uniserse," who have devoted, and must perse-
veringly devoted the efforts of their gigantic minds to lay down
a plan ; and yet, such have been the difficulties which they had
to overcome, that they have devoted them in vain, although
success would have been with them the highest and dearest ob-
ject of lite. At length a ministry, (and this one act will gild
their memory in future pages, when other names now illustrious
will be forgotten) acting with the purest intentions, with good
advice, under mature deliberation, guided by noble, and gene-
rous princip:es worthy of a great nation, accomplish what has
before been considered impracticable, and blending justice
with mercy,, give a portion of the value which their legis-
lation takes from the planter, and give at a very short
date full and entire emancipation to the slave; including
in their act of mercy a clause that enforces upon the planter to
build separate houses for the negroes before the time shall ar-
rive when they will cease to live in large birdies under the
immediate care and charge of the proprietor. That such time
was necessary for such purposes, so that every poor man might
take his wife and children to a dwelling when they begin to
work as free labourers, " each providing for his own house-
hold, seems entirely to escape the -notice of these immediate
emancipationists; whereas, in reality, it is one of the wisest and
most merciful regulations of the act, and forms in itself a suffi-
cient argument against immediately emancipating the negro,
end turning them from those roofs under which, by the old sys-
tern, they have enjoyed the protection and care of their masters.

The continual agitation of this subject by no possibility pro-
duces any good, whilst its evil effects are harrassing the govern-
ment, unsettling the mind of the negro, and keeping alive many
bitter feelings between the planter and the apprentices, which it
should be the object of every good man to bury in oblivion. I
say the agitation is useless, because it is not within the bounds
of probability to suppose that any alteration in the law can
possibly take place before the date when full emancipation is to
be established, the general report upon the great trial from the
colonies being " that the system is working well.'
On behalf of the stipendiary magistrate,, I will be very brief,
having already exceeded the limits 1 at fit st proposed ; but, to
all who think of society in the West.lndies, it must be obvious
that these gentlemen, if they associate at all, must associate
with the negro proprietors, or, in broad language, with " slave
owners." If they do so, the emancipationists complain that
they are biassed by friendship and acquaintance; obits% otrthe
other hand, if they keep totally aloof from the planters, and re-
frain from familiar intercourse with the slave proprietors, their
circle of ham-oration- must, of'neceSsity, be contracted arid they
would lay open to the charge of prejudice the other way, and cer-
tainly there would be prima/ode evulenee of such feeling, because
the inference drawn by charitable minds is, that the planters will
join hand in hand to respect the law, with the magistrates who
are appointed to enforce it, and, therefore, the grealer the har-
mony which can be maintained between them, the more likely
is good to be adduced from such associations and connexions.
One word for the planters, and.l will conclude. The grant of
twenty millions does certainly appear an astounding and enor-
mous sum of money to give as compensation, but taking it at
lo much per head, which, after all, is the (July fair way to judge
of its amount, it does not come to one half the value of the
slave in the average of the cidonies, and in the other to not ono
third, and this is the only way to estimate the amount of the
grant. If for any purpose of general benefit it was enacted in
this country, that any particular description of property which
it had been legal to hold. should cease to be so after a lapse of
three or four years, and the legislature arwarded one half of
the amount of that property to be 'mid to the owners as com-
pensation for their new law, although the amount might be one
hunched millions, the parties receiving it would naturally say,
and be right in saying, that they were losers, and the-enormous
amount of the grant would not destroy the fact—let us allow to
the planter what, under a similar opeiation of law we should
claim ourselves, and thereby cairy into practice the great
Christian precept; " Whatsoever ye would that men should do
unto y.m—do ye also moo them," and it should never be lost
sight of in looking at this question, that the holding of slaves has
been eneouraged by succeeding kings and governments—that
under this system our \Vest India colonies have grown to their
present amazing productiveness, atol !oat the slavery in the
abstract is detestable, and irreconcilialde to the better and
kinder feeling of humanity, still it has been a necessary evil,
sanctioned by law, and taken on the average, has not presented
more cruelties, and bard•Oips, than are to be selected from the
labouring classes in our own happy land.
Liverpool, 10th January, 1838.

G. F. B.

Major-General Sir Amos Norcott, who was relieved in the
command of the Southern District, Ireland, a short time since,
on account of indisposition, died at C.irk on Monday se'enight.
By his demise a pension ter distinguished services reverts to the
crown.

The Noratampton Chronicle, a paper in the Dissenting inter-
est, published its last number on Satuida) last, after a struggle
of titter )ears. There are now two papers in Northamptonshire.

THE PEF.L CLUB Dtrsivhn.-We understand, that the gold
medal to he given to Mr. Gordon, of Au kenhead, fur his hand•
some conduct in granting the use of his house and ground for
theTeei banquet. will be presented at the dinner of the Peel
Club.— Glasgow Courier.

IN DICTAINNT AGAINST A M AGIST RATS. —The grand jury at
the quarter sessions now holding, previous to their discharge (IQ
Wednesday, returned a true bill against Thotnas Porter, Esq.
one of her Majesty's justices of the peace for this county, and
others, fur a inisdeineanour.—Manchester Guardian.

VOLUNTEERS FOR CANADA.—The commanding officer of
the 97th Regiment, (two cowponies of which are stationed in
Blackburn)
,has received orders front the .Horse Guards, that
certain regiments in Canada being short of their complement of
men, 250 are to be made up by volunteers from that and two
other regiments, one stationed at Manchester and the other at
Bolton. About t wenty have already volnnteet ea front the de-
tachment of the 97th stationed here, and it is expected 20 (Alms
Will join them.— Blackburn Standard:.
The Worcester Journal gives a rumour that Lord Foley had
sold the W it lev estates to Lord Ward, of Himley, for £BOO,OOO,
but the Worcester Herald believes that there is no truth in the
report.

CHANGE RINGING.—On Thursday evening last, the young
ringers of St. Mary de Crypt Church, in this city, rung with
admirable style and great precision, a complete peal of Triple
Bub Majors; consisting of 5040 changes, in 2 hours and 50 mi-
nutes—Gloucestershire Chronicle.

The following distinguished guests amongst others. have been
this week on a visit at Drayton to Sir Robert and Lady Peel:
—The Duke of Wellington, Earl of Aberdeen, Marquis of
Chemins, Lord Mahon, .Lord Sandon, Sir H. Hardiuge, Sir
W. Follett, Sir G. Clerk, and Sir P. Burdett.
We regret to hear that the venerable Earl of Eldon lies in a
dangerous state at his residence in London.
Tug BALLOT.—An attempt to iniereo the people of Shrop-
shire in this nostrum, has signally tailed. At a Meeting at
Ludlow last week, only forty persons were present.
DINNER HOURS.—In Germany the dinner hour is generally
one, in Italy it is five, in Paiis six, and in Loudon half-past
seven or eight.
Mr. O'Connell's head is reported by the phrenologists to be
the largest ever seen in the United Kingdom. •
WESLEYAN METHODISTS,—The 95th Annuall Conference is
appointed to be held in Bristol, and will commence on the 25th
of July next, when it is expected some plan will be adopted for
the commemoration of the first centenary of Methodism.

Major-General Sir George Arthur, the flay previous to his
departure for the Canaries, was presented with a splendid
service of plate, of the value of £1,50Q, by the colons' of Van
Dieman's Land, the principal articles hearing the following
inscrtption:--" To Colonel Sir George Arthur, K.C.11. This
service of plate, of the value of £1,500, raised by subscription
in Van Dieman's Laud, is presented as a memo, cal of the high
sense entertained by the subset 'hers of his tealous and able ad-
ministration of the government of that colony for upwards .of
twelve years, nudes a proof of the respect and regard fur his
public and private character, 1837."
Fins AT Till ROYAL AKSKNAL,'WOoLWICH.—MUCh eXciLe"
ment prevailed at this great military depot yesterday afternoon,
in consequence of its being discoreted that ignition had taken
place in a warehouse situated in East Wharf. Every exertion
was promptly used to subdue the progress of the furious element,
which was slimily effected 'without any material damage. The
authorities refrained from alarming the gar' ism) and townspeople
by beating " the tiie drum" to assemble the troops, but it was
considered necessary to detain the artisans and tabourets for
one hour after the usual time of ringing the bell to leave off
ln the course•of the evening the affiir became known at
the barracks and in the town, and the circilmstance created a
consiiiera'Jle sensation on account of the magazines, but they
are well seemed from any calamity of this description, being
detached buildings anti bond) proof.-Standard, Saturday.
Cnitamtoi HUNDREDS.—The chiltein hundreds were not
always a fiction; they were a- veritable locality, in vilii(b the
kuigitl 'of the 'shire who was averse to entering parliament.
might take refuge, and. might •be secure•from the 4nirsuit the
sheriff; but when once thh member had taken bill Giatiti ti s;,
house, this seuctuory was tao longest opal to Liu).
