TRAVELS OF MR. WOLFF, THE MISSIONARY.

Mr.•Wlff, the missionary, recently went to Cambridge,
where he has been giving an account of his proceedings in the
various remote centuries whn•►r he-iieited iu furtherance of the
object of his mission—the conversion of the Jews. .We sub-
Huai portion of his deseription,.which will be read with inter-
est. Mr.-Wolff. after leaving Constantinople, went to Psitlia,.
in . Asiatic Turkey, where Si. Paul stopped in one of his jour-.
net's. He then visited various • cities till he carne to Bahvion,
where he found the prophecy of Jeremiah was literally fultilled,
for, the wild beasts only dwell there. Morever, what is ren-
dered-in our version " Satyrx shall dance around her," should
be• " .The,worskippers of the devil • shall dance around her,". for
the Yzeeda, a sect who inhabit the adjoining mountains, and
worship the devil, do.dance there, and they. have a name which
corresponds with that- recorded by the prophet in the original
Hebrew: • He then visited the Syrian Christians, Ev(J0,000 in
Pimplier, who iNiabit et mnantain on the borders of Asiatic
Turkey.- and -who- have a tradition that their forefathers were
those Christians, who fled-with St. James at the destruction. of
Jerusalem. He described their •bishops, and spoke in . terms of
great admiration of•their treatment of him, He then.recounted
his. adventures till he was -taken by a. party of wandering
Toorkmans near Meshid, in Persia, who stripped him of all his
'clothes, took away his money,. arid tied hint to a horse's tail,
while one of the party, more mischievoos than the rest, lashed
him as he-went along. -_When he arrived at Meshid..an order
from Abbas Miria, the eldest son of the King of. Persia, ar•
lived, directing the governor of that •place to liberate him and
all the slayes,which he did. • Thus,• said Mr. Wolff, " at the
'very anoment when I was praying to God for deliverance, my
chains fell off, and Joseph Wolff was.free r' Mr. Wolff theu.
gaye an account of Meshid (where he was. liberated from the
slavery of the Toorkornans), stating that it is: a citv.where -.be-
tween 2t./.001.) and 30,000 pilgrims annually-visit the tomb of a
celebrated Imsun, who, -having-died-a martyr to the Moslem.
creed, is: reported -to perform miracles still.. Here also was a
sect of mystical•philosophers.- who-gave an allegorical meaning
to those 'books of the Old Testament admitted by the Moslem
creed. He proclaimed to the Jews that the . Messiah had,
come, and remarked: that • they explained the-7th chapter of
Isaiah in the same manner as Christians believe - the .prophecr
to. have Inen fulfilled. The• day following he was visited by
Abbas Mirza himself, whom be described as a .most-amiable
prince, to whom he explained the object iuf his journey, and
who eaid he would•cause -the robbers to be punished:if, Mr..
Wolff desired it, as all the country round was an his poeseasion
now. This, however; was•declined by Mr. Wolff. While-be
(Mr. Wolff) was at Meshid, sixteen Toorkomen arrived•from
;Bock hare and Samarcand to treat for peace. .He was present
at their audience of Abbas Mirza, who, ,seated on a kind of
throne, told them that he was determined to put an end to-the.
making of slaves by theToorkomans, and that if the King of
Bokhara did not agree to three conditions, he (Abbas Mirza).
would march from .Bokhara, burn all the villages as he passed,
'and liberate all their slaves. These conditions were as follow;
,First, they should desist from making. slaves in the. Persian.
dominions; second, they should allow a Persian. to reside at
Bokhara, to see to the proper keeping. of the treaty; and third,
that they should tak.e his friend Mr. Wolf to Bukhara in. safety,
and treat him as a guest,- and leave two of their number as
hostages for his safety.. This they agreed to, going through the
eastern ceremony of eating . salt with . him, which made him it.
guest arid' insured his safety. , He then travelled through...l,de,-,
seta, where there were great creantitiesof snow, and had thsleep-
at night wrapped in the skins of animals, having no tent.. -He:
next arrived among a people of the desert, who have a tradi-,
tion that a portion of their people. migrated in the direction of
Germany, which corresponds-with the German tradition of the.,
peopliog of that country. . He remarked.a great similarity in
their language, found at least lOU German words, and no doubt
remained on his mind that their tannage was the root of the.
Gentian, and that the ,Gerinaus sprung from them.. Be re-.
inartted, also, thataheir phisitignomy was completely German..
He found ofterwards, in a republic in the-desert, aconsiderable..
number of Jews, !who were much • respected by the others..
They invited him on the Sabbath to pray in their synagogue.
They kept the Sabbath with great strictness, and he had no
doubt they were a remnant of the ten tribes. Just as he was
about •to depart, some of these. people -came to hirnwith a.
strange request. They said that as they were forbidden to
plutider the Persiarte, they were going to plunder the caravans
'of seine other people 'who lived towards the Himalaya moon-
tains;apd to itake slaves; and they wished his blessing before
thee departed, In order that they might succeed. He told them
they "shauld-not have it, but they might rely upon it, that if they
went, they would be punished eternally, if not by their laws.
They then' trieelled on towards Bokhara,*thrOugh a vast desert,
where his guide told him that be was directed by the stars at
night,' and hy the' north wind by day:. In thiS way they went.
on,'Occasionally'itcrripieg at the close of the day to kindle a fire,
siniitte their pipes, and drink tea with salt 'and grease (and he
could assure them' it Was very good (till they came to a city and
Toorkornan camp called Maunda. ' Here he found also sews,
to whom- he 'sung the hymn - he had heard in the tent city, and
continued with them 'ten days, preaching and praying that they
might haVe a knowledge of Jesus Christ. He then stated that
lie paisedthe'thus,' and called upon the old chief, who he had
been told, when' in Russian 'Tartary, would -drown him in it.
The old chief advised Mi. Waif not to talk to the MahOinetans,
either thete or at Bokhara, against their religion, or he might
rely' upon it they would 'put. him to' death, notwithetanding his
ptittectionTroin Abbas Mirza. He afterwards went about the
place speaking and preaching to the Jewish rabbis pos-
sessed the Jaw of Moses,' and' some of the prophets, though
riot all (Zechariah for instance,) which showed plainly that they
were therlescendants of the ten tribes, who did not return frOm
captivity. They-stated also, that when Ghingis' Khan. overran
' the 'countrl, they narrowly escaped Mixture with the other peo-
ple, and were obliged to anathematise all who shbuld marry with
the heathen. He also stated that they bad a tradition that at
this time'a portion of their people migrated to. China, which
agrees with the accounts farnithed by the jesuit missionaries in
China, whO reported that the Jews they met with stated that
their forefathers migrated there in the time of Ghingis Khan,
froM Bokhara.' He•then left Bokhara, and near Balk was pas-
eed. uniihserved by a bind of predatory Tartars. He' went on
tb the place where Moorcrott was killed, on the confines of Ca,
but, and from'thence, be set out for Abyssinia and' Timbuctoo
lin 183.5.. He said that'the Abyssinians were a very-wild people,
, thOugh. they were ruled. by the law of Moses. For instance,
• wh'eti he' told one of the cliefs that' he required a warm room,
he orderer} him to put among the cows in d stable;- and when
he asked them for Meat, they gave him a live 'tow ! They were
still ruled by one'of the tribe of Solomon, whe were descended
from Queen Sheba, by King SOloMon, she hiving visited Jeru-
salemlo behold him add hear his wisdom: He married her,
and eh ' .tUrnel to her Own country, where her (disking by him
have :the Abyssinian's ever since. While here, be found
all tha : ruee, the traveller, had stated was true, eveln to their
eating raw meat; and cutting it froin the living animal. The
latter; howea'er, was not done, exCept upon great emergencies.
Mi. Wolff:in conclusion, said they bad beard the miseries he
hittrendurefl in Tartary. where he was beaten, robbed, and made
a slave. They had heard of his narrow escapes while returning;
and he had recounted to them some of his adventures in Abys-
sinia.' He would ask them what they thought it was supported
him' and made him' strong and firm in all his difficulties ? It was
the consciousness that he was spreading the knowledge of the
Loan Jetus Cliutsx among his own people, whom he loved, as
well at among 'all others whom he met with.
.- -

It may be mentioned that while Mr. Wolf{ was in :America,
the ex-president, John Quincy Adams, in moving that the use
of the Hall in Washington should he given to Mr. Wolff for his
lectures, took occasion to say that he (Mr. Wolff) was one of the
most extraordinary men living on the earth at- this time. He
was originally a Jew, and after the most- profound investigation
of the Scriptures, and a patient and assiduntis comparison of the
Old and new Testament, he ,had been brOught, by the aid of
a most powerful intellect, to the conviction of the truth of
the Christian revelation. To the propagation of that Gospel
throughout the world he had ever since been•devoting all his
powers.
Mr. Wolff intends making a visit to Ireland, and has it in cone
temptation to visit the chief towns in England and Scotland,
not only to give an account in person of his missionary labours,
hut to impress upon the public mind the importance of endea-
vouring to extend, and to establish on a larger scale than hi-
therto, the society already established for the conversion of. the
Jews. lie is prepaied to undertake another mission of the Jews.
He is prepared to undertake another mission; and feeling per.
suadedThe African continent containesome remnants of the Ten
Tribes, his objectis primarily to reach•Timbuctoo.- Hisjournal
May be expected to appear in three months.

The Queen has been pleased to appoint the Earl of Belfast
vice-chamberlain of her Majesty's household.
The King of Ilanover is expected over next month, with a
brilliant staff, to attend the coronation of his royal neice. Ills
Majesty will previously visit the King of Prussia at Berlin.
The Cork harbour Regatta is fixed for tire 10thof July, and
three following days.

Phosphorus, winner of the last Derby, was sold at Newmar-
ket, on Wednesday, to the Duke of Brunswick, fur 910 guineas,
There has been a flight of locusts in the district of .Benares,
which have not only eaten up all the vegetables, but every 'living
thing—sheep, fowls, kids, &c. .

Mr. NV. Lyon Mackenzie is now in garrl in New York, placed
there by a brother Seotchman,nami-d Bruce, who was for many
years one of his admirers and friends, but to whom he is guilty
of owing money for type, &c., the said Mr. Bruce being a type-
founder.

JoNATHAN'S DESCRIPTION OF A STEAM BOAT.—WS got a
saw mill on one side, and a grist mill on t'other, and a black-
smith's shop in the middle ; and down cellar there's tarnation
great pot, boilin' all the time.

It is intended to form a new steam ferry company, to run
steam vessels across the river Tyne, between North and South
Shields. The capital is to be £lO,OOO, in shares of Ell) each.-
-Sundetland Beacon.

" Pray," said Mr. - to the Hon. , "Hill you.. hare_
the complaisance to take my topcoat in your carriage to toim?"
" With pleasure;: but how will-you get it-again?" "Oh, very.
easily," replied the modest-applicant ; " I-shall remain in it."

THEU Witt, OP MIL, WOOD, OP GLOUCESTEII.—T“ town,
eouncil.of Gloucester; at•their last meeting, voted that £l5O be
paid to Mr. Wilton, to reimburse•bim for money nutUally paid
out of his pocket iu opposing Mr. Wood's will be-allowed pro-
bate in the Prerogative Court; but they came to q resolution
that all further proceedings must be paid out of Mr: Wilton's
own pocket, as the codicil would•not be opposed.—Gtotteester
Herald.

IRON ORE TO ANTWERC..—III the summer and- autumn of
last year there was shipped at.Ba prow, within the creek of Ulver-
stone and port of Lancaster, 2500 tons of iron ore. It is,ex_
peeled during the present year that a large exportation of the
same mineral will take place. The iron ore trade at.UlverStoue
is very brisk, and likely to be increased.

SERIOUS ROBBERY BY A FEMALE SERVANT.—On Sunday
morning last, about half-past Six, it wasdiscovered that a young.
woman in the service of Mrs. Baneks, Stony Knolls, Higher
Broughton, had quitted the house; and about the same time
six silver forks, with an engraved crest, a wing, and eight silver
tea-spins marked B, were missed. Information was given to
the police, but it was not till the following day that the whole
extent of the loss was ascertained. On Monday it was dis-
cAvererl that a silk purse had been abstracted from the portman-
teau of a gentleman visiting at the house, containing a £5O no'e
and a £2O Dote of the hank of Messrs. Dairtry and Rvle,
Macclesfield, three £lO and one £5 Bank of England noles,
about £3O in gold, and two £5 notes of country banks, one it is
believed a Derby, and the other a Chesterfield bank. The sum
altogether is £146. It seems that the gentleman, who had just
come of a journey, was going out for the evening on Saturday,
and put the purse out of his pocket into the portmanteau, which
he had neglected to lock. As the servant had been engaged on
the character given by Mrs. Waller, of Ardwick grove, in whose
service she had been, enquiries were maitle of Mrs. Waller,
which led to the discovery that the girl, whose real name is
supposed to be hlary Farmer, had gone to Mrs. Baucks in the
assumed name of Sarah Webster, (a servant who had lived
with Mrs. Waller,). and had thus obtained a good character to
which she had no right., having been discharged from Mrs.
Waller's service for dishonesty. Farmer has friends in Wigton-
shire, Scotland, and it is stipposed that she nude tier way
northward. She is a stout, tall, good-looking girt, about five
feet six inches in height, and it is supposed she is wearing a
silk cloak belonging to Mrs. Bancks. A reward has been offered
fur the apprehension of Farmer.—Manchester Guardian,
