Mr. Stowell's late trial, Mr. Nangle writes :—" The same
means which have been employed by our opponents to injure
the good cause, should be used by us to frustrate their inten-
tions. With this view, I deliberately publish the following
statement. I challenge investigation in a court of law : let
the party accused proceed against me for libel, and I pledge
myself to produce legal proof of the truth of every tittle of
my statement :—` I, Edward Nangle, clerk of the Protestant
missionary settlement in the island of Achill, Ireland, do
hereby declare that the Rev. John O'Flynn, Roman Catholic
priest, formerly of Achoury, but now of Curry, in the dio-
cese of Achoury, and county of Sligo, Ireland, and also the
Rev. Michael O'Flynn, R.C.C., of Ballisadare, in the same
diocese and county, did, in the exercise of their office as
priests of the Church of Rome, require one of their parish.
ioners to burn a bible, of which said parishioner had become
possessed, and to perform stations successively at Croagh
Patrick, Baal, and Lough Deerag, which stations were en-
joined in the way of penance, in order to obtain absolution,
and which were to be performed by crawling considerable
distances on the knees, to the laceration of the person.' "
This is precisely the sort of statement that has been denied.
Mr. Nangle reiterates it. He gives the names of two priests;
he gives their residences; and pledges himself to make good
in a court of justice, by legal evidence, the fact that they
commanded a parishioner to burn the Bible, and inflicted
penance upon others, to the laceration of their persons.
(Hear.) Now, much has been made of the verdict against
this statement, in Manchester. There they had no op-
portunity, because the man in question could not be
brought into court, to make good the evidence against
the priest : here, if they be sincere, let them take Mr.
Nangle at his word, and let them prosecute him for a
libel. (Cheers.) I must recollect it is not to address you
at considerable length, but rather to preside whilst other per-
sons addressed you that I came here this evening. (Cries of
" go on.") You say well in the requisition sent to me, that
our protestant constitution is assailed by outward violence,
as well as undermined by secret treachery. You do well to
combine in its defence; but, my friends, it is my opinion,
deliberately formed—and I have no hesitation in expressing
it to you now—that our constitution-in its present condition
cannot be defended. Serious breaches have been made in it,
and if we would permanently and successfully defend, we
must immediately and resolutely repair. (Cheers.) If our
efforts are to be conservative at last, they must be restorative
at once. (Renewed cheers.) My friends, a broken break-
water soon ceases to be a breakwater at all, and only reminds
us by its crumbling ruins that once there existed a break-
water. (Cheers.) The sea is in perpetual motion with open
violence, foaming fury at the top, and secret und-rmining at
the bottom ; the effected breach becomes every day the grand
breach, and it is truly in vain to attempt to defend what
remains in any other manner than by repairing what is
damaged. (Cheers.) What is it then that has been damaged,
and what is it then that must be repaired? I answer, the
essential protestantism of our constitution. (Loud cheers.)
—the civil and eeelesiastical ascendancy of protestantism.
(Renewed cheers.) I am well aware of the uproar caused
among the ranks of the liberals, by that old-fashioned
word, " ascendancy." (Hear, hear.) I am well aware
how. the vocabulary has been ransacked for epithets to
represent that word, as the basest of things to be ap-
plied to mankind. I well know that what the vocabulary,
as supplied by Dr. Johnsnn in his dictionary, lacks; Billings.
gate and Derrynane have supplied. But, suppose that after
all ascendancy of some kind would be enough ; suppose upon
inquiry it should be ascertained that the essential laws of
human society do repudiate a level as truly and as invariably
as the laws of external nature repudiate a vacuum ; suppose
it should be found that the system of British liberty, based
upon the common law, upon the statute book, and admi-
nistered by trial in open court and verdicts by sworn juries,
could not rest upon a level with the Roman system, which is
based upon the canon law of the papal court, and adminis-
tered by inquisitors ; suppose it to be found, I say, that the
two things cannot co-exist upon one level, and in equality.
One must be pre-eminent. 'What is to be done then ? I
know full well the answer men will give us if the question be,
" Shall we have ascendancy or shall we have equality?" If
a bona fide, well ordered, honest, fair, permanent, equality
of privileges—and here let our liberals be honest and fair,
and give us credit for what we say—do not let them wilfully
shuffle, and stifle this part of our statement, and fasten upon
some parts that they think will give them an advantage : let
them take it as they find it—all of it—(hear) ;—well, I say,
if it can be shewn that real, bona fide, true, honest, perma-
nent equality of privileges can be enjoyed—that man owning a
foreign sovereign, and man repudiating a foreign sovereign, can
stand upon an equality of privileges in the realm of our sove-
reign ; if it can be shewn that there is no reason why
equality should not be maintained, I for one would joyfully
advocate equality of all civil privileges for all persons what-
ever. (Cheers.) But if equality cannot be had, if the thing
is utterly impossible, if no ingenuity of man can put truth
and falsehood upon a level and keep them there, if the power
of man cannot put error—fatal error—and saving truth upon
a level—if no man can make a divided allegiance and an un-
divided allegiance to remain upon a level—if these things
cannot he, and there must be an ascendancy, if one must be
uppermost, and the .question comes which must be upper-
most—we turn upon the liberals and ask them " which will
you have—will you have English liberty uppermost, which
allows you your liberty, or will you have Romanist power
which you
in thumb-screws, and racks, and tortures ? "
(Cheers.) I believe that from the nature f man, and from
the constitution of human society, ascendancy of some kind
is as truly and absolutely inevitable in societies as it is among
individuals. Look at any class in society as men, as
indivi-
dual?. Can you have equality—permanent equality ? Im-
otsokara them
et
not
: eruimtaheatraheeagdasaiairtye,ofthdeiiffrerepenrtseshaaapaesre;
nottheir bi
uponnl et.e
al lneLce
equality, their eyes do not look alike. (Cheers.)
No ; it is impossible to maintain equality ; there is an ascen-
dancy in person, in figure, in stature, in manners, in talent,
—all show that equality is impossible. So it is in society.
Equality cannot be. There must be ascendancy. And if
there is to be anything. of political ascendancy, as we have
shown you it is indispensable, then in the name of common
sense what sort of ascendancy will you have ? (Cries of
" protestant ascendancy," and cheers.) Aye, protestant as-
cendancy to be sure. (Loud cheers.) I solemnly and deli-
berately think and say that both the welfare of mankind, the
progress of human society, all the advances of the human
species, the movements of all improvements—improvements
in science, in agriculture, in commerce—the welfare of
mankind—nay all that is for the temporal as well as
the eternal peace of man and for the eternal 'glory of
our God, all, call for Christian protestant ascendancy.
(Hear, and laud cheers.) How is this to be had; how
is it to be regained in this city ? There are various things to
be done. There is one line of effort which I think I may
very properly suggest to you, in order to meet some of the
taunts and sneers of some of our opponents. They'are ever
more throwing out taunts that the right sort of christianity is
that which shows love to one another—that the right sort of
religion is that which teaches mercy—not that which enables
man to perform these duties. I entirely agree with this in
its own proper place. " By this shall all men know we are
Christ's disciples if we have love one to another," and one of
the marks of that love is .4 you shall in no wise suffer sin by
your brother, and when lie does in any wise offend reprove
him." Now what I want to impress upon all assembled in
this place this night—a n ighty and important multitude,
though I should not at all wonder if we hear by and bye it
was not half full—here it is, however, with above -four
thousand witnesses to being quite full. (Cheers, and a
Voice, " Aye, five thousand.")—Somebody said five thou-
sand, but I do not like to exaggerate—l want, I say-, to im-
press upon you that one mode at which we must aim, in or-
der to regain our Protestant ascendancy to this—bear with
me whilst I tell you, for I show my love in so doing—it is
this—that no Protestant man be. found at any time in a state
of intoxication (cheers); that no man possessing Protestant
principles be found at any time breaking the Lord's day,
absenting himself from a place of worship, idly in
the streets upon the -Sunday=that no man profess-
ing Protestant principles shall ever be found commit-
ting fornication or adultery that no man professing Pro-
testant principles shall ever be found going beyond or de-
frauding a brother in any bargain ; that no- man professing
Protestant principles shall ever be found stealing anything
however small. (Cheers.) These are features of Protestant
ascendancy. (Continued cheers.) These are the fruits—
I shall not go into doctrines, and go into the roots—but let
the roots be judged and known by the fruits. (Loud-cheers.)
You are willing to appeal to the Bible; and if you were not
willing to appeal to it, I should not be your chairman. The
Bible then says " by their fruits shall ye know them ;" and
if you allow temperance, prudence, honesty, truth, chastity,
integrity, and sabbath keeping; if you allow these things to
be shewn more or as much by the poor, deluded, and de-
frauded Romanist, who will believe that Protestantism de-
serves ascendancy ? But if these things shew upon you,
they prove the tree to be good. " Make the tree good," says
our highest authority, " and its fruit is good." If you give
practical proof that these principles are in you, rest assured
it is not too late yet, by this method, to regain Protestant as-
cendancy in England. (Loud cheers.) I believe that it can
not be regained in any other way. I believe that by our men
in auAority it is not to be regained, because one and all of
them, or nearly all—l beg pardon, there are a few glorious ex-
ceptions—but nearly all, of all parties, have proved faithless
to the great principle of Protestant ascendancy ; and the only
way to regain it is, by cultivating the Protestant democracy.
(Cheers.) That is the way to regain Protestant ascendancy.
It is to be regained by the people, or it cannot be regained
at all. The power is given to the people—the middle classes
of society have the power; and if they will become a Protes-
tant people, we shall have Protestant ascendancy again, the
Bible in the ascendant, and the principles of the Bible su-
preme in the legislation of our country. (Cheers.) Who
appoints our legislators ? You and such as you select them.
You and such as you, showing such fruits as I have describ-
ed, may well send forth your representatives—men that shall
stand up in the House of Commons for the principles that
you follow up in your several departments in life. If you
will first bring forth these fruits yourselves, and then select
representatives like-minded with yourselves, we shall have a
regenerated House of Commons—a Protestant House of
Coininons. (Loud cheers.) We are using our efforts for
this. I claim, and I am glad in this immense assembly to
claim it, as it is in all justice due, a high regard at your
hands for the labouring clergy of the Established Church,
who are working this matter with and for you, and with all
the powers of our minds and bodies striving to have Protes-
tant ascendancy. (Cheers.) The Protestant Association of
Liverpool was drawn into being by the clergy of the Esta-
blished Church, and the Protestant Association of Liverpool,
which commenced with a small begl/4innitjig, in a little room,
has extended, like the prophecy concerning the Jewish na-
tion—the little one has become thousands, aye, tens of thou-
sands. (Loud cheers.) Behold such a meeting as this,
which can be called at a few days' notice,
.for the purpose of
forming a branch association. (Hear, hear.) Aye, the
weapons of our warfare are not carnal ; but scripture
tracts—scriptural arguments--scriptural sermons--and
I believe that God blesses the preaching of the gospel
amongst the people. I believe that it is the faithful preach-
ing of the gospel which shall be the first thing to break down
the iron hand of the Romish tyranny in England, and which
shall be the first thing to reinstate protestant ascendancy.
(Loud cheers.) I believe that, as the pulpit won the Re-
formation, the pulpit is destined, • under God, to keep and
restotion,
irto eeueendnnt,dlitieliehekr
teeßGiirteocfndlorierv,avment
eosmar tttebi
hooreen. ,
dflobe,
raia(sgttCliolhmoot
tpnerest d c
o
peril
rather
tißnuh:eriladtcltelhyeyloair,engueyioribiowonofoegwyp.
t) Ywoehdruerßcmenhes E
Hooper—men
ntrorcwmh:
hh—ag
e
tyranny of Rome, rather than be deprived of the cup in the
communion, rather than have Latin prayers said to English
ears. (Continued cheers.) Now, what is your just return ?
Why, rally round your clergy. Uphold their hands. The
loud shout of applause is very well in its place ; but that will
not do. If the members of our congregations will admire our
true protestant preaching, and will give us the shout of their
applause in public meetings ; if any of these same men are
bringing forth—what shall I call it? I may call them with-
out offence Popish fruits which are bad fruits—if we find
them bringing forth bad fruits, what shall we say? The
enemies of our cause will throw it in our teeth. See,,,
they will say—" this comes of your fine Protestantism—there
is one of your congtegation found drunk in the streets every
night." It was said of George Whitfield, that he was re-
proached with one of his converts being found drunk in the
streets the other night; he replied, " Aye, you did well to
call him one of my converts : he was not one of God's."
Some of our weapons are of this character. Here is your
true Protestant Sentinel. (The reverend gentleman here held
up in his hand a copy of the last number of the Protestant
Sentinel, the appearance of which elicited loud cheers. The
rev. gent. said he was happy to be able to state that this little
publication of the Liverpool Protestant Association had al-
ready obtained a very extensive circulation. He hoped that
all would give it that encouragement which it deserved by
largely purChasing it. The price of it was only one penny.
It was published on every third Saturday in the month ; and
the number that he held in Isis hand was that of Sept. 19). I
feel grateful, continued the rev. gentleman, for the kind at-
tention with which you have hearkened to these observations,
and I now leave you by calling upon the gentlemen appointed

nth e list to move and second the resolutions. The rev.
gentleman, after a few further remarks, sat down amidst en-
thusiastic cheers.

Captain CRICHTON, being introduced by the chairman,
said he felt great diffidence in presenting himself befOre so
numerous an assembly. He would not, indeed, have come
forward, wAI knowing that many who were present could deal
with the subject with much more ability than he could, had
it not been that he was a sailor, and being such, he was im-
pressed with tie fact, that " England expects every man to
do his duty," and he would never be backward to the call of
duty. (Cheers.) He then read the resolution, to the effect
that in the opinion of that meeting the system of popery now
gaining ground was alike inimical to the authority of the mo-
narchy, and opposed to the liberty of the subject. The
speaker then remarked that his thanks, as well as those of the
general community, were due to those mercantile individuals
present, and especially to the shipwrights before him, without
whom the commerce of the country could not proceed. He
himself could bear testimony to their skill and industry in their
vocation. The ship in which he had until lately sailed,
during a period of six years, was built at this port;
and he could say, that so faithfully was she built, that
he had as much confidence in her in a gale of wind as
if he were on shore. Yes ! even when the waves were
rolling around him, and her timbers creaked, had he lain
down to rest with as much confidence as if he were on land.
(Hear, hear.) He congratulated the reverend chairman
on the numerous assembly there before him. He considered
these honest working men as the timbers of the vessel of the
constitution, and though some of the planks had unhappily
been stripped off, and those timbers were exposed, they would
rally round the gallant ship. repair her throughout; bret into
her the binding streak, and finally caulk her, so that she may
defy the rush of infidelity, and float securely and proudly
over the waves. They were protestants ; and upon that they
took their ground. A late good old King (Geo. III.) had
said every one in his dominions ought to be able to read the
Bible : and it was for them to consider whether they opened
that sacred volume, in that sincerity, and with that attention
which would make us wise unto salvation. What was re-
quired was the whole Bible, and not that mutilation of it
which was distributed by the Education Society. That so-
ciety sent forth mere portions of the scriptures ; which, like
extracts from some fruits, good as a whole, might be poison-
ous. The Bible was believed to be the Word of God, and on
that alone should their faith be established. He saw oneach side
of him the British ensign, on which was emblazoned the cross.
This ought to remind them of the Saviour. That flag floated
over an extent of the British territory on which the sun never
sets. Let them then rally around it as a sacred and honourable
banner. He remembered that when he first took command
of a ship, he was requested to take out six young gentlemen
as passengers to India. He replied that he would not take
them without knowing who they were ; and, finding they
were Catholics, he refused to take them. 'He always main-
tained Christian discipline in his ship, and he knew that it
was impossible to connect true Christianity with popery.
He had heard that such discipline could not be introduced
amongst seamen, but he had found the contrary ; and he
knew not a few blue.jackets who would gladly go abroad with
hint again. He had even been offered £5OO to take out the
young men ; but they were Jesuits. He instanced another
ease in which he set himself against the bringing from China
of four young men of Pekin, to be educated as Catholic
priests at Naples ; for he would not be accessory to the pro-
pagation of error. He would not have fixed upon him what
in Revelations was termed " the mark of the beast." After
some allusion to the idolatry of.the Chinese, he rejoiced that
there was now a prospect of a door being opened to the spread
of true religion in that country ; and he concluded by ex-
pressing his hope that the blessing of God might so favour
the society about to be formed, and others similar to it, that
England might again enjoy that prosperity which could arise
only from true protestant principles. (Loud cheers.)
Mr. SHEPHERD, after complimenting the chairman as the
Wellington of the army of Protestants, seconded the resolu-
tion. In corroboration of what had been advanced from the
chair, he should, he said, offer a few remarks. He then read
an extract from the pastoral address of the Catholic Bishops
of 1826, in which they denied all intention to subvert the
Protestant Church, as established in these realms. In Feb.,
1830, on the occasion of the passing of the Catholic Relief
Bill, they again issued a similar declaration. This was signed
by a large number of the dignitaries of 'the Catholic Church
in this country, and the sentiments expressed accorded with
those also declared at the same time by Cardinal Weld. Not
only the Catholic clergy but the laity then pledged themselves
not to interfere with the Established Church of this country,
yet at a public meeting held at Mayo a few weeks ago, a Mr.
Hughes, a Catholic priest, said that no Catholic could con-
scientiously do otherwise than maintain, against all others, the
ascendancy of his own church. Their opponents also sup-
ported Mr. Daniel O'Connell, in his agitation for the repeal
of the union. (Mr. O'Connell's name was received by the
meeting with groans and hisses.) And that individual said,
that until the Catholics got what they wanted, he should
not cease to agitate that question, and, if possible, to
bring about the object it had in view. What, he , would
ask, did the Catholics want ? What would satisfy their
wants ? They had knocked off two bishoprics. They had
got a reduction of £60,000 of Church cess, and various other
large reductions,. but as long as they got what they expressed
at the time, as the extent of their wants, they. immediately
wanted more. Would the Protestants of this country allow
this system to go on? (Cries of " No, no.") It was said
by sonic that there were few or no protestants in Ireland.
But when he went to reside in the county of Wexford, he
found a number of poor protestants on the confines of two
parishes, without a church within their reach, and many of
them were drawn over to attend the Catholic chapel. He
represented the fact to Mr. Alcock, brother of one of the
representatives of 'the county, and drew up, with his sane- '
tion, a memorial to the bishop. That bishop, and a succes-
sor, lamented the fact, but nothing could then be done. He '
waited, however, on the next, the estimable Dr. Hethering-
ton, who, on his representation of the religious destitution
of the protestants in that part of the country, made
personal inquiries, and finally put his shoulder to the wheel,
so that he (Mr. Sheppard) had the satisfaction to see before
he left the county a protestant church erected, which was
attended by from 80 to 90 poor protestants, who were before
totally destitute of instruction in the religion of their fathers.
He concluded by an allusion to the protestant press of Liver-
pool, and three cheers were given suecessively for the Mail,
the STANDARD, and the Courier. Sotne allusion being made
to the Mercury, when Mr. S. remarked that that paper sup-
ported its party strongly ; and that the others named did their
duty to the protestants. Let them but consider the toil and
expense of the latter in giving reports of such meetings as the'
present, and let them and the merchants support them by
their advertisements and otherwise. Their own press ought
to be supported, and they would find it a powerful engine in
their behalf. (Loud cheers.)
The Rev. CH AIRMAN then put the resolution, and it was
unanimously carried.

Mr. SAMUEL HoLsiE (whose rising was the signal for a
most enthusiastic burst of applause) spoke as follows :
I had hoped, sir, before I was requested' by your secretary
to take part in this interesting meeting, ,that I might have
been permitted to remain a silent though not an uninterested
spectator of your proceedings, because my numerous avoca-
tions render it impossible for me to make any suitable pre-
paration for addressing such an assemblage as the present.
But this circumstance may he in some degree consolatory to
the meeting, as they will be spared perhaps the infliction of a
very long speech. I have little reading time, and my in-
formation, such as it is, is rather derived from the study of
mankind than from the learning of the schools. But sir, on
such fundamental points as we are met to consider, and on
such vital principles as we are met to support and defend, I
am thankful to say that I am never wholly unprepared ; and
conceiving it to be my duty at any and at every time to de-
fend the principles with which I am identified, I hesitate not
to throw myself on the indulgence of the vast assemblage,
more especially as I see before me, many old familiar faces of
working men, with whom I spent many of my younger days,
and who remain still, what they were then, the unflinching
supporters of our Protestant church, together with that free
constitution of which the church is at once the foundation
and the bulwark. (Loud cheers.) It is to me a source of
the highest gratification to see so many hundreds, nay
thousands of the working classes assembled together for
such a holy object. A few years ago it would have been
deemed impossible, and yet, such is the judicial blindness
of our rulers, that they seem absolutely insensible to the
fact, that England contains ten thousand times ten thousand
men of all ranks and of all classes, who love and value the
institutions under which they were born, which preserves to
us liberty of thought, freedom of action and security for life
and property. (" Hear, hear," and cl'ieers.) In the pre-
servation of these blessings all classes have the deepest in-
terest, and I doubt not but all who hear me will join heart and
hand in preservirig and transmitting to posterity the civil
and religious liberty which we ourselves possess, (Cheers.)
Feeling, therefore, that I am speaking the sentiments of
thousands, I shall take the liberty of making a few observa-
tions, in drawing your attention to the motion which has
been placed in my hands. And here, sir, let me observe,
that 1 shall deeply regret if I wound the feelings of any con-
scientious Roman Catholic. It is no part of my creed, or of
the creed of the church to which I belong, to wound indivi-
duals, for it is systems, not individuals which we condemn.
But I hold that it is the bounden 'duty of every member of
the Church of England, if he is zealous and consistent, to
defend her doctrines, and to see that her frame-work is not
injured or destroyed. (Several rounds of approbation.)
Nay more, it is his duty to become aggressive against those'
systems which are established for her injury, and to oppose,
vigorously and manfully, every engine prepared for her
destruction. (It is, it is.) If tlie church of England remains
much longer on; the defensive—she is gone—for it is an
axiom in warfare that a besieged city must eventually fall ;
but if the garrison is strong enough to make a sortie and
repel the aggressors it is secure. This is now the position
of the church of England. She is assailed by a motley group
whose only bond of unison is a desire for her downfall,
and the time has arrived when the sortie must be made.
She 'mist
.carry the war into the enemy's camp, must defeat
her assailants, must expose their weaknesses and defects,
and being herself built upon the rock of scriptural truth,
must attack the errors of those who are hoodwinking the
people, and forging fetters for the mind and the liberties of
England, that when our political liberties are destroyed, our
religious liberties may. follow, and then our beloved country
will easily be laid prostrate at the feet of papal Rome.
(Hear, hear.) Do I need, sir, to use any argument to
convince this meeting that great encroachments are now
being made by the papal system in England ? Is she not
multiplying her mass houses by dozens ? Are not her col-
leges, her emissaries and her mummeries, springing up on
every side ? Does she not demand and obtain pecuniary aid
from the legislature (more shame on the British House of
Commons) that our colonies may swarm with her bishops and
priests ? Does she not bar every avenue to the throne, and
reign triumphant in the palaCe of the sovereign, for the first
time since William of Orange was called to wear the crown
of protestant England ? Do we not find her represented in
in the privy council, and at the education board ? And is
she not at this present moment ruling the destinies of this
protestant kingdom, and keeping in power a degraded
ministry, the subservient tools with which she condescends
to work ? (Hisses.) And are not all her movements directed
to the attainment of political supremacy, that all may be made
to bend to her authority and implicitly submit to her decrees ?
She Proteus like, professes to be the friend of education
here, but where her authority is paramount she stifles
the cry for it. Where her visible head is the temporal
monarch, there are no public schools. Slavery exists—
the slavery of the mind I mean, there is scarcely a middle
class, and desolation and filth, commercial stagnation and
mental and moral degradation, reign triumphant. (Hear.)
Judge her then by the fruits of her government, in Italy, in
Spain, in Portugal, or in Ireland. What mean the Catholic
Institute, the Protector Societies of England—(hisses)—which
will soon fill us with an increased number of paupers ? What
mean the Popish Associations in Ireland? 'Why, sir, there
are so many chains forging to bind the liberties of Eng-
land, and surely we are not to sit quietly still till
the manacles are riveted on us. (Loud cries of " Hear.")
Surely we shall not be so fascinated with the serpent that
we shall remain in torpid inactivity till we are folded in its
deadly coil. (No. no.) And here, sir, I am brought to ano-
ther part of my resolution, the apathy with which the en-
croachments of Rome are regarded by professing protestants.
Many peaceable and well meaning persons think that it sa-
vours of intolerance to speak out concerning popery : but I
hold that whatever is erroneous and dangerous ought to be
repudiated, whether in the Church of Rome or in that of
England, if the latter had any errors either of doctrine or of
practice. Popery is a double evil. It is a political evil, for
it enslaves instead of giving liberty. It is a religious evil,
for its creed is false, and it withholds the scripthres from the
people, for the pope knows well that popery and the free cir-
culation.of God's holy word cannot be co-existent. Being
inimical therefore, both to political and religious liberty,
it is passing sttange that they who profess to be the advocates
of both, should be found yoked to her chariot, and like the
infatuated Hindoos, be urging forward the car which is des-
tined to crush them in the dust. (Hear, hear.) If popery were
triumphant in England, dissent would have the privilege of

being the first devoured. I trust, sir, that those members
of the Church of England who are lending themselves to the
f service of popery, will do so no longer, and that those who
I aye hitherto displayed apathy will be apathetic no more.
It was not by apathy that our ancestors succeeded in muz-
li ig the monster. (Cheers.) It was not by apathy that they
rue seeded in quenching the fires of Smithfield. (Cheers.)
It was not by apathy that they erected the pillar of our pro-
terant constitution, and it must not be by apathy that we
can preserve it in its harmonious proportions and in its pris-
tine beauty. (This sentiment was loudly cheered.) But
my resolution eglls for active exertions, and as they are
now needed, I trust they will not be withheld. The tide of
protestant feeling has set in, and I hope that our rulers, both
national and local—(hear, hear)—will be made to know that
that feeling is not to be trifled with, and that England will
not submit to the moral scourge, which, like a pest, lays
prostrate the energies of every country which it has the
misfortune to visit. And to this end I hope that those
seminaries which make the Word of God secondary to the
acquisition of secular knowledge, will never have the cordial
support of the members of the Church of England. Of the
veneration of George the Third for that church, I had a pleas-
ing instance only last week. An address had been presented
to the king on his birthday, and with his own hand he drew
up his answer—it was in these words :—" I can scarcely
find words to convey sufficiently my thanks for your very
affectionate and dutiful congratulations on this day. You
may rest assured of my attachment to our church esta-
blishment, and that I think its support essential to the
maintenance of our glorious civil constitution." (Hear.)
The word " church" was interlined, as if he did not wish his
sentiments 'to be in the least misunderstood when lie used
the term " establishment" only. The possessor of the docu-
ment is a gentleman at Runcorn, who had, in his youth, been
his Majesty's page, and was with him when he read it, and
has now the manuscript framed and hung over his mantel-
piece. (Bravo.) I trust, sir, that the same feeling which
animated that venerable monarch may actuate his illustrious
grandaughter. Her throne is only secure while it stands on
a Protestant foundation, and while it is buttressed by the
Established Church. Dissent is, in its very essence, demo-
cratic; but the church, from its nature, teaches subordina-
tion to lawful authority, and, is consequently monarchical.
To forward the great work of education in the doctrines
and principles of the Established Church, and to com-
bine secular and scientific information with true reli-
gion, a great and noble work has been commenced in this
town—l allude to the Collegiate Institution for the education
of the commercial, trading, and working classes of this great
community, and I claim for this institution the zealous sup-
port of every member of our National Church. I rejoice to

jell you, that nearly'Xl2,ooo has been already subscribed for
its establishment, and much shall I mistake the inhabitants
of Liverpool if that sum is not soon doubled. (It will.)
[Mr. Holme here entered into some explanations concerning
the origin of the institution, which, from the lateness of the
hour at which we write, we are unable to give.] He con-
tinued. Does the Church of England, then, neglect scien-
tific acquirements? Far otherwise. But, considering that
man is an immortal as well as an intellectual being, she
makes science subordinate, and scripture paramount. She
thinks the study of astronomy is heightened in sublimity,
when the student has been taught from his youth to say with
David--" 'When I consider thy heavens, the work of
fingers, the moon and the stars which thou hast ordained, what
is man that thou art mindful of him, or the sou of man that
thou visitest him." We think that geography is enhanced
in value when the child reads that God has made of one blood.
all the nations of the earth, and that he willeth not the death
of a sinner, but that all should turn and live. The study of
navigation, too, which it is purposed to have taught in our
Collegiate Institution, cannot be less interesting, because the
sailor when tossed on the ocean billow calls to mind the in-

struction of his youth, and can recognise in the heaving of the
mighty deep the mercy as well as the power of the Almighty
—can say in his heart, " The sea is his, and he made it;"
and he can say to it, " Peace, and there shall be a calm."
(Loud cheers.) The knowledge of the Bible sanctifies
science, but science alone never made man happy. We
would have every man, rich as well as poor, to be able not
only to discern a Creator's power, but a Redeemer's love, in
every blade of grass on which we tread, in every leaf that
flutters in the breeze, in every flower that sheds its fragrance
around our path, as well as in those sublime and scientific at-
tainments which involve the triumph of mathematical skill
and reflection. (Much enthusiasm was here elicited.)
Such, sir, is the institution which we propose, and every man
who wishes well to his country and to his own offspring, be
he rich or be he poor, will hasten to render it support. Its
projectors enter upon the work with confidence, for they
know well that there is in Liverpool a spirit of loyal attach-
ment to our protestant institutions which only requires to
be fanned into a flame. (There is.) To every man who
hears me, I say, permit not the standard of protestantism to
be lowered to please the latitudinarian spirit of the age. Re-
member, my respected operative friends, that on the conti-
nuance of protestantism in England, the evangelisation as
well as the Civilisation of the world mainly depend. Com-
merce, manufactures, and science follow in her train, and she
is favourable to intellectual cultivation as well as to civil
liberty. (Loud cheers.) Popery once gained a footing in Pa-
tagonia, and succeeded in causing many of the natives to em-
brace her system, but they did not carry with them the word
of God, and when they left the country the poor natives cast
aside their mummery and again relapsed into idolatry. The
northern part of the western hemisphere, on the contrary,
was colonized by protestant England and protestant Hol-
land, and what has been the result? Why England has
found an outlet for her manufactures and her population. The
Scriptures have had free course there, and in North America
we see the features of a free and mighty nation. (Hear.)
Two antagonist systems are now struggling for the ascendancy
in Britain—the Church of England and the Church of Rome.
The grand struggle lies between the two. At present dis-
sent repudiate the doctrines of the latter, although she un-
wittingly assists her in her political aggrandisements ; but
dissent cannot florish either with the increased piety and
efficiency of the national establishment or with the supremacy
of the Church of Rome. But, sir, there is no room for fear.
An abundance of that spirit which animated our Ridleys and
our Latimers yet remains ; and whatever the upper classes
may do, I will answer for that Class to which I have the hap-
piness to belong, and there are now present hundreds of our
operative friends who are ready to answer for themselves—
(much applause)—that the royal standard of Protes-
tantism shall be nailed to the masthead, and either fly victo-
riously there, or we will sink with our colours flying, for it
is better to die in a combat for truth than to exist the slaves
of a miserable expediency ; better to die a freeman, whom
the truth makes free, than to live in a state of mental degra-
dation, or bound in the detestable shackles of any spiritual
despot. Sir, the arithmetician is not yet born who is:able
to compute the inestimable value of that chastened religious
liberty, and of that subordinate political liberty, which is not
less the undoubted privilege than it is the inalienable birth-
right of the humblest subject of the British Crown. In the
preservation of these blessings I hope we shall be joined by
every right-minded man in the empire, and my fervent prayer
is, that

United and happy, at loyalty's shrine,
The rose and the thistle may flourish and twine
Round a sprig of shillelah and shamrock so green.
Mr. Holme concluded by. proposing the following resolution :
" That it is the opinion of this meeting the encroachments
now making by the Romish Church in Great Britain, and
the apathy with which those encroachments are regarded by
professing Protestants, call aloud for the active exertions of
all those who desire the continuance of pure religion and
civil liberty in our land."—Mr. Holme .sat down amidst
thunders of applause.

Mr. ANDREW CLARKE, an operative, appeared amidst
much cheering to second the resolution. He stated that the

tive Association had waited till the rev. chairman came home
to solicit him to become their patron. He regretted to ob-
serve so few names to the'requisition to that effect in the
STANDARD a short time since ; but he would assure the
meeting that in place of fourteen, he believed the names of
thousands could now be obtained. (Cheers.) He believed
that since the time of William 111 so great and glorious a
struggle had not been made for protestantism ; and he be-
lieved the association they were uow forming would make a
clear road through the Protector Society. (Loud cheers.)
He was glad to hear Captain Crichton deliver his sentiments
BO well, but be wished also to hear a ship-owner or master
ship-wright address the meeting. He saw near him the Bri-

tisli flag; and hoped they would be able to hoist it more
triumphantly than ever on the 29th of May. He had him-
self something to do with procuring the royal standard then
over their heads. The magistrates had thought proper to
investigate that flag before they exhibited it, though strange
to say they had suffered the papists to carry their flags un-
scrutinised. But he hoped the day was fast approaching
When they would he enabled to curry what flags they thought
proper without scrutiny. (Loud cheers.)
The motion was then put and unanimously carried.
Mr. WHATII A M rose amidst loud cheers to move the next
resolution, which he did in a most eloquent speech, to which
we regret our inability to do justice. He paid a well earned
tribute of praise to the moral courage of the distinguished
chairman on behalf of Protestantism, and he subsequently
demonstrated that the present meeting was one really
and truly a shipwrights! meeting constituted for the purpose
of defending protestantism, without any reference to the
approaching municipal election. He reminded the meeting
that had it not been for the Shipwrights' Associaion,
Liverpool, probably, would not now have been represented
by two conservatives—and it was, therefore, a public duty
to aid their exertions in defence of protestantism. He
hoped, indeed, that they would assist the conservative bond
in winning many a glorious triumph. Nevertheless, the
Shipwrights' Protestant Association was not a political body.
They were determined to uphold their religious faith ; and
they took the best means to do so, for their committee, up-
wards of forty in number, every Sunday distributed religious
tracts among our most degraded and ignorant fellow towns-
men. The speaker next alluded to O'Connell's late speech
in the Queen's Theatre, particularly to a few of the hack-
neyed blackguardisms in it. O'Connell said he did not care
about the Rev. T. D. Gregg. for he was not a responsible
animal, but it was the Rev. Mr. M`Neile who was doing all
the mischief. And then, as if he thought he had given too
much importance to Mr. M'Neile, he said that man must be
inspired by the very devil himself. He (Mr. Whatham)
fancied he would have been nearer to the truth if he had said
that he himself (O'Connell) had been under the visitation of
the satanic inspiration, for it was exhibited in his very coun-
tenance. After speaking in terms of praise of the principles
of the shipwrights, coopers, ropers, and sailmakers, Mr.
Whatham concluded by expressing a hope that they would all
come forward manfully to protect the British constitution,
and so enable it to sail victoriously over the waves of faction
and prejudice. (Load cheers.)
Mr. JOHN LONGWORTH moved the next resolution. He
saw the necessity of the proposed society, to counteract a ne-
farious one established in the neighbourhood of the Mass-
house of St. Patrick. The flag of their society, (the Royal
Standard), over their heads was not disloyal. The motto
was—" For God, our Queen, and our country." Had it
been a Popish flag, it would have commenced with—" For
the Pope, the Queen, and the country." If the Queen of
England were in danger, she would find much more assist-
ance and succour from the Protestant shipwrights of Liver-
pool, than from the Papists ; and, if she sought refuge in Li-
verpool, would return back to her palace and cry out " No
popery" herself. (Cheers.)
The resolution was then carried unanimously.
The Rev. CHAIRMAN, after a brief eulogium upon his cha-
racter, introduced the curate to his predecessor as pastor of
St. Jude's Church, the Rev. Mr. Dalton,
The Rev. HENRY HUGH HIGGINS, who said he was fully
conscious that his only claim on the time and attention of
that large and influential meeting, arose from their kind in-
dulgence. He considered it a great privilege to take
a part in the establishment of a Protestant Association
in a meeting of so many of his fellow-countrymen, as-
sembled to defend the best interests of their church.
(Cheers.) He had lately come from a country well known to
them (Ireland,) where he had seen somewhat of the workings
of the Popish system. He had discovered that it was one
thing to be well aware, in the abstract, of the fallacy of the
Papal system, and another to be convinced of its evil practi-
cal workings. He held any man of sound understanding,
with his bible in his hand, and, with God's blessing, might
fully demonstrate to his own satisfaction the fallacy of the
Papal system : but it was another thing to know the distresses
a
and the fatal consequences which attended upon the spread
that system.
.
bofutthu saw Wt
hee tiny tiggghatr countenanceshave
heerd errea
and wasted
d of fm
forms famine,
—unless we heard the last dying gasp of those perishing from
it—we had little conception of the distress occasioned by
famine. The spread of the Papal superstition was a famine
worse than that of bread. It was a famine of the word of
God ; and some of the effects of that famine he had seen where
he had lately been travelling. The rev. gentleman went on
to describe the state of knowledge amongst the lower classes
of people in Ireland. He shewed that there was a lamenta-
ble destitution of sound religious instruction amongst them ;
and that, although there might be some acquaintance with
arithmetic, there was little knowledge of the diverging lines

' of sin and holiness, or of the great centre of the universe and
the Divine Being. He asked what was the amusement of
the chief school which was under the direction of the Jesuits?
The pupils were there taught, at an early age, to use the card
table and the dice box ; but this was not without its design.
It was adapted because they believed that if they were used
at an early age they enervated and enfeebled the mind, and
so it became an easier subject for the superstitious adminis-
trations of their priesthood. (Cheers.) The rev. gentleman,
after a few further observations, proposed the rules of the
association and the appointment of the officers, as follows :
I.—That this association shall be designated the " Toxteth-
park Branch of the Liverpool Protestant Operative Associa-
tion."
2.—That the objects of this association shall be to endea-

your, with the Divine

of Protestantism amongst t
to impress upon all the fleet
tion to resist the encroach
and, in a Christian spirit, ti
church of the dangerous err
pies of their system.

sing, to rouse the dormant spirit
he working classes of the town ;
:ssityof using every lawful exer-
ments of the Church of Rome";
) convince the members of that
ors and soul-destroying princi-

:hall be "composed of Protestant
r friendly to, the Established

3.—That the association
operatives, members of, of
Churches of England.and Sc
4.—That the association
one president, eight vice-pre;
a committee of management
annually at the general meeti
s.—That the association al

purpose of admitting new Int
couraging each other to perm
6.—That the speakers at el
the committee.

7.—That a clergyman of t
sionallyinvited to preside at

That all meetings of t

with prayer.
9.—That each member slia
ll
yearly meeting, into a fund fc

shall be under the controul of
sidents, secretary, treasurer, and
consisting of 24, to be chosen

hail meet once a quarter, for the
embers, and stirring up and en-
evere in this laudable work.

Pre
Rev. Hug

ch meeting shall be chosen by

he Established Church be occa-
the meetings of the association.
the association shall commence

11 pay one shilling at each half-
)r defraying the expenses of the

CElts

sident.
gh Al'Neile

Vice-Presidents.
Alex. Smith, jun., Esq.
Andrew Browne, jun., Esq
John Payne, jun., Esq.
Joseph Harrison, Esq.
Treasurer.

Duncan -Gibb, Esq.
Joseph Cooper, Esq.
Richard Harbord, Esq
John Sheppard, Esq.

Mr. And

.rew Clarke.

Mr. R

Williams

Christopher Watson
Wales Buchanan.
Wrn. Whatham.
Joseph Edwards.
Wm. Turton.
Johnson Buchanan.
John Parry.
John Ellames.
Charles Hunton.
John Longworth.
Robt. M'Clay.
John Hudson.

nW
George Smith.
George Bickerstaffe
John Kerow..
Daniel Gelling.
Edward Law.
Joseph Crisp.
Edward Radcliffe.
Wm. Bleasdale.
David Sambrook.
Richard Cobb.
John Leatherbarrow

Mr. ROBERT MACLEAN
feeling arid suitable address, i
upon protestant gentlemen in
operatives, to give their ch
They felt that it was the on
them, and be their friend in

econded the motion in a very
3 the course of which he called
the higher walks, as well as the
Idren a scriptural education.
ly principle which could save

world to come. This was the reason why.they came forward
to support our protestant institutions and the church, and
this was the reason why they hoped the meeting would sup-
port them by their prayers. He was rather surprised at
hearing the rev. chairman calling the Roman Catholics our
fellow-subjects. They could not be so. They could not, for
instance, be loyal both to the Pope and to the Queen. Their
allegiance was divided. He could not, therefore, call them
fellow-subjects ; but he could call them fellow-sinners. After
a few more words Mr. Maclean concluded by seconding the
resolution, which was carried unanimously.

Mr. JOHN 'WRIGHT, who was received with tremendous
applause, fiat came forward and said, that he thanked the
meeting very heartily for coming forward to form this asso-
ciation. He felt proud of having an opportunity of convey-
ing from that meeting, from the situation he had been placed
in, and from the foundation from which he had sprung—
that of an old shipwright—to their excellent chairman that
vote of thanks which he had so well earned this evening.
(Cheers.) Thousands upon thousands were indebted to the
excellent man who now presided. (Cheers.) So much had
been said in praise of the institution they bad met to form,
that it would be wrong in him to add any more, but he must
be allowed to speak one word to his old brother chips, to say
how delighted he felt to see them come forward and set it on
foot, supported by those kind friends of. his in former days—
the brick makers, the rope-makers, the sail-makers, and
many others of the operative classes. (Loud cheers.) Though
he was getting into the " sear and yellow leaf" if his old
brother chips would call upon him to come forward in such a
cause as this, he would atways answer their call in the affir-
mative. (Loud cheers.) He would now turn to the excel-
lent man who occupied the chair. May God bless him, pro-
ceeded Mr. Wright, for his kindness always towards you ;
may God bless him in his ydrs ; may they be many, and for
ever successfully devoted to the welfare of his fellow-crea-
tures. (Immense cheering.) _ _ _

Mr. DUNCAN Ginn ex-pressed the pleasure be felt in se-
conding the motion, not only for the services of the rev.
chairman during the evening, but for his labours since the
first day he entered into Liverpool. (Cheers.)
The motion was carried by acclamation.

The Rev. H. M‘Nime then returned thanks. He should
make no attempt to express some of his present feelings.
Others of them he would express. Ile would first of all ex-
press his thanks to his good Christian friend and remembran-
cer Robert Maclean. He (Mr. M'Neile) had been wrong.
He had used a wrong expression, against which he had argued
in former times, and against which he (Mr. Maclean) had
heard him argue. He had very properly reminded him (Mr.
M'Neile) that the term fellow subjects was not, strictly ta-
ken, applicable to those who held a divided allegiance. He•
was sincerely obliged to him for it, and quite as much
so for reminding him of a term which did apply when
he called them felloW sinners. It was as sinners he (Mr.
M'Neile) now desired to speak to them, for, alas! there was
not a .man upon earth that did good. Every man had sinned,
but we had an adiocate with the father, Jesus-Christ the
Righteous, who was the propitiation for our sins. This was
the grand truth that made christianity what it was to us.
There was a consciousness of sin in man, and a secret fear
of the great Supreme. False religion trafficked- upon this
fear; christianity relieved it by the blood of the Lamb of God.
False religion, availing itself of the pangs of the human con-
science. imposed burdens hard to be borne ; and, when it had
borne the burden for a season, conveyed a daubing with untem-
pered mortar, which had a seductive hallowing. saying 'peace,'
when there was really no peace—when, he said. the bearing of
this burden had deceived the poor creature, suffering under
the pangs of conscience, till those pangs subsided, then false
religion loosed the veins, and led the man, whilst his consci-
ence slumbered, to the exercise of his passions, till the pa-
roxysm returned, and the penance was repeated ; and so
going on with the ultimate swingings of the pendulum within,
the paroxysm and the ease; the pangs and the relief, having
penance for the one, and carelessness for the other—having
Lent for one, and the Carnival for the other—having the con-
fessional book for the one, and the riot for the other—man
was kept asleep, God was dishonoured, society was contami-
nated, all that was noble in man was kept down, and all

that
panted after God was defeated, frustrated, hindered. (Hear,
hear.) But true religion presented Jesus Christ to the soul
—presented the measure and the manifestation of the love of
God in his dear Son, his pardonint, love, reaching
the paroxysm of conscience with a real balm, a holy balm,
which placed a new affection over the hour of ease, and so
won the man, without the paroxysm, to the enjoyment of his
God, having ready the atoning blood when the conscience
clamoured, laving ready the affectionate embrace, the
friendly countenance, and the fatherly tenderness of the Son
of God. This was what sanctified, this was what confirmed
man to his God ; this ennobled the creature ; this elevated
the affections ; this burst the bonds of selfishness ; this
raised the human heart above the narrow sphere of tribe or kin
or party, and enabled it to expand after a Godlike manner
upon the right hand and upon the left, over all for whom
Christ died. This was Christianity. This alone was to be found
in the gospel—the gospel of Jesus Christ. (Cheers.) After
some further observations, the rev. gentleman suggested that
a new society be formed to be called " the Restorer Society."
The design of which should be to procure the queen's preach-
ers to be sent out by royal authority into any town in the
kingdom to preach the Gospel as they were before the time of
the Reformation. This suggestion was received with great
applause. It would be a great means of spreading the prin-
ciples of Protestantism among the people, and it could not
fail to be attended with the most beneficial results.

The Doxology, " Praise God from whom all blessings
flow," was then sang, and at a quarter past eleven the
meeting separated, having occupied little short of five
hours.

INQUESTS.—On Friday an inquest was held before Mr.
Curry, on the body of Jane Molloy, an infant three months
old. The deceased was an illegitimate child of Ann Cole-
man, who lives in a cellar in Preston-street. On Wednesday
night Coleman was drunk, and lay upon the floor of the cel-
lar the whole of the night. The infant was iu bed along with
a man named Bryan Leonard, who was very drunk. In the
morning the child was found dead in bed. Mr. Fred. Cripps,
surgeon, stated that the deceased had died front suffocation.
Verdict, " died from suffocation, but front what cause there
is no evidence to the jury to show."—Also, on view of the
body of Thomas Harney. The deceased, on Wednesday af-
ternoon, was in the surgery of Mr. Taylor, Cleveland square.
and whilst waiting for a prescription being made up, fell
down and expired. Mr. Taylor, who had made a post mortem
examination of the body, stated that he found a lesion of the
air cells of the right lung which, in his opinion, was the cause
of death ; the left lung was also diseased. Verdict, " died
by.the visitation of God."

THE IRON WAR STEAMER NEMESIS.—This splendid iron
vessel, W. H. Hall, commander, R.N., from Liverpool, last
from Prince's Island and the Bights, and now in Table Bay,
is the largest of her class ever built in England, and does
great credit to her scientific builder, John Laird, Esq., Bir-
kenhead, near Liverpool. Her dimensions are 168 feet long,
29 feet beam, and 650 tons burthen, and fitted with two me-
dium pivot guns, thirty-two pounders, one forward, the other
aft, and six swivels. The engines are 120 horse power, of
superior make, in good order, and are highly creditable to
Messrs. Forrester and Co., of Liverpool, and she is, we he-
sitate not to say, one of the finest steamers that ever came
into this bay, and certainly the first iron one. On the 19th
June, in lat. 31 0 S., lon. 8 10 E., she experienced a N. W.
gale, with the usual high Cape sea : she was extremely easy,
never shipping any water, and going nine and ten knots, un-
der canvas alone, the floats having been taken off. Last Fri-
day, the governor and suite having gone on board, she slip-
ped from her anchorage, and steamed round the bay, trying
r
the different range of her guns. At two o'clock p.m
commander brought her alongside the jetty (and we mus:, ie
must not
forget to mention that here she was first also), and landed
the governor and suite with three hearty and British cheers
During her stay she was crowded with visitors, for the ex-,
treme novelty of the circumstance excited the curiosity of
all classes from the shore. Having taken on board, in three
hours, 100 tons coal, and completed water, alth
mtlghno
pre-
parations had been made, she anchorageitreturned to her
in
the bay.—Cape of Good Hope Shipping List, full, 7, 1840.

MIRACULOUS ESCAPE FRONT DROWNING.—Dr. Bowker,
an eminent practitioner from Nottingham, who has been
successfully, for some time past, performing the new opera-
tion for squinting and chtb-foot, was aecompaned by his,
friend Mr. Andrew, surgeon, of St. Paul's-square, fire miles
N.W. of the Bell Buoy, on Saturday evening last, ou
theh
departure to Australia with government emigrants, whe,tiirew
latter gentleman met with a serious accident. Mr.t.itiei Andrew
was was returning from the outward-bound bark, vyli_c7ice
of the
of the steam-tug Mona nearly upset by the violence
where
waves. Mr. Andrew was precipitatedinto
_theiel
waves,' which
for some time he floated on his back. T
were running high with the ebb-tide, carried
consi-
derable distance into the sea, and, fearing he
him a „
e to strike out and
nd
he might not be
overtaken by the small boat, he attempted
presence of mind,
e mep
face the stream. Notwithstanding
and the equilibrium with which 1 keptr himself up, accord-
ingi Smith, he became ex-
to the directions of Mr. Egerton
hausted,.and had-sunk some depth beneath the water, when
Mona, sprung to his rescue,
Captain Miller, of the steam-tug
and, at the imminent risk of his own life, bore him to the
steamer. Too mych praise
and remuneration cannot be
w
arded to men of such daring and humane conduct.—Cor-
arespondent of the Albion.
