TO CORRESPONDENTS

We have received several boon and magazines for review;
which shall be noticed in our next publication. '
An extended notice of " The Religious History of Man," (ad-
vertised in-;inother column,) will be given on Friday.
We (lid not receive our usual copy of the Manchester Guardian
on ,Saturday.

'CIIt COJirpool Ft.tanbart.

TUESDAY MOUNING,FEBRUARY 6, 1838.

Q The Publication of the STAN nA Ito commenced this morn
ru. at 5 o'clock

NEws FROM CANADA.—In another column we have
given, copious extracts from the, Standard of Saturday.
evening? .detailing the proceedings in the American
llOuse of Assembly, in reference to the affai rs of Ca.
Uada, as well as the more recent transactions on the
Fir Our the tone of the leading, state smen in
th.p United. States we are far from inferring that there is
any serious cause for apprehending any rupture between
the States and-Great Britain. It is the interest of this
Country to preserve peace with our American neigh.
bows. It is doubly the interest oldie latter to avoid
anything which might lead to direct warfare with Eng-
land. At the same time we cannot help observing that
the blackguards of the northern states of Maine and
Vermont have clone every_thing to justify the resorting
to,measures of retaliation on the part of the Canadians.
The rascals who have rendered themselves so conspicu.
uirsly active in furnishing ammunition and provisions to
the rebels on Navy Island need feel little surprise that
one of the vessels engaged in the scandalous business
should have been seized and destroyed by the loyalist
volunteers. The only matter of surprise to us, is, that
the latter have exercised the degree of forbearance
'which they have manifested during the trying interval
which has elapsed froth the possession of Navy Island by
Mackenzie-and his associates. There can be no doubt
Ault the greater part of the forces under his command
have been obtained from the United States, from which
also the whole of his munitions of war have been de-
' tived. • It is, therefore, imperative upon the government
:of the United States to put, an immediate and effective
stop. to the recruiting of Mackenzie's forces, and so to
prevent an inevitable rupture with this country.
There can be little•.doubt of the pacific disPoSition- of
Van Buren and the executive of the American govern-
.ment ; but will.they b-eable to coerce.fhe citizens of the
northern states into a state of neutrality ? Very im-
portant issues depend upon the adjustment of the differ-
-ekes which the proceedings of the Upper Csnada in-
.• Surgents have giVen rise. It is not at all improbable
'that these differences, and the difficulties to which they
have given rise, may terminate in commotions which
may endanger the Union. Events will shortly show the
:reasonableness of these suspicions.
We are glad to find that the President of the United
• Stites acknowledges that a violent infraction of neutra-
lity has been committed by the citizens who have aided
and abetted the rebels at Navy Island. This acknow-
ledgment, we hope, will not be without its effect upon
those zealous republicans who have so far compromised'
the honour of the. United States' government as to act in
• concert with the open enemies of Great Britain.
Whatever may be the result of the negotiations which
may arise from the recent events on the frontier of the
'United States, we feel perfectly-convinced that the ami-
• cable relations between that country and our own will
• suffer no interruption. Independently of our commer-
cial intercourse, there are other considerations which will
contribute to a satisfactory and peaceable arrangement.
The peculiar position of the United States, in reference
to the question of slavery—abolition renders it impera-
,. tively necessary upon Van Buren to avoid any thing

which might lead to an open rupture. One of the inane-
(hate consequences of a declaration of waron the part of
the States would be the insurrection of the negro pep-
. lation—an event, which, combined. with external hosti-

lity, would speedily result in the dimembennent, if not

jhe eventual ruin, of the Union.
:raking these matters into consideration, and viewing
,::.the rebellion in Canada as virtually extinguished, we are
`4';under no apprehensions whatever as to the result of the
recent partial *engagements of the Canadian loyalists and

American citizens. Still we deem it necessary to Urge

upon the attention of our colonial authorities the neces-
sity of maintaining a bold front, and opposing an effec-
tual check to the interference—the gratuitous and unjus-

tifiable interference of the republicans in Maine and Ver-
mont with the provincial government of the. Canadas.
TheSe scoundrels have no more right to exercise any
control over the government of the colonies of Great
Britain, than France; Russia, or the Emperor of China
would have to intermeddle with our domestic policy.
And if the American government should lack the power,
or manifest an indisposition to prevent these reckless
villains from offering any further insult to the Canadian
subjects of our gracious Queen, it will then become the
duty of our rulers to have recourse to compulsory urea-
sates. A bold attitude on the part of Great Britain
would soon bring the unprincipled miscreants to their
senses. But will our present imbecile and vacillating
ministry assume such an attitude ?

PARLIAMENTARY GRANT TO THE COLLEGE OF MAY-
NOOTH.—We'are exceedingly glad to find, that the Pro-
testants of Liverpool have addressed a prayer to both
Houses of the British Parliament to withdraw the Parlia-

tnentary grant to the college of Maynooth. The terms
of the petition will, we hope, receive a ready response in

the breast of every man who is favourable to the advance-
ment of civil and religious liberty, and anxious to main-

tain the political ascendancy of Great Britain. The peti-
tioners, after setting forth the failure of the college, both
as a political experiment and as a seminary for education,
moral and religious, state, "that tl•r class books, as used
by authority in Maynooth college, contain a system of
ethics, so inverted and unchristian, as to encourage cri-
minality and inlecency, to render property under the
British crown insecure, to exalt perjury, under certain
circumstances, into the rank of a supposed virtue, and to
make allegiance to their church, to take precedence of
loyalty to our sovereign." In these views we perfectly
concur, and we are prepared to prove, from authentic par-
liamentary documents, that the, views of the petitioners
are neither extravagant nor untrue. Nor can we be
surtoi iced at the result. It has been ascertained, upon
evidence the most conclusive, that a system of religious
faith, more degrading than the-superstitions of Jugger-
naut, has been prepared and published by Peter Dens,
'and, under the patronage of Dr. Murray, introduced as
the class book in the college of Maynooth. It is a source
of deep regret, that, although this fact has been aster
tained _beyond all controversy, her Majesty's govern-
ment, under the influence of what are called liberal opi-
nions, and a iligned anxiety to conciliate the Roman
Catholic priesthood, and thus obtain their political sup-
port, have uniformly refused all inquiry into this abomi-
nable system. It, therefore, becomes the duty of every
man who is anxious to support the dignity of his country,
and continue those civil and religious privileges which
England has hitherto enjoyed, under a free Protestant
government, to come forward and use every legitimate
influence to have this cursed system rooted out of the
country. But what language can we use more powerful

than that which has been already employed by the elo-
quent champions of the Protestant faith, who have faith-
fully exposed the obscenities of this popish college ? And
what has been the practical result of such a system of
education? Falsehood, treachery, -and a justification of
the murder of Protestants, as an act of duty on the part
of Roman Cdtholics ! And this has been carefully taught
to the priests taught at that college, and by them incul-
cated upon the credulous and priest-ridden peasantry of
unfortunate Ireland. Hence the source of all the murders
and violence committed on the persons of the Irish Pro-
testants. But will her Majesty's ministers. dare make

inquiry into the causes. of these outrages ? We boldly
answer, No They cannot afford to lose the support of
O'Connell and the priests, and, for this simple reason, we
believe they would cheerfully compromise the honour
anti dignity of their country, sacrifice the prerogatives
and endanger the security of the throne, violate every
pledge they have given to maintain the ascendancy of
Protestantism", and weaken the obligations of morality,
rather than sacrifice their places, or forfeit their patron-
age. But we hope.the people of England will take up
this subject, and demand an exposure of this diabolical
system. Why•should we hesitate ? Why should we hope
or seek to reconcile the enemies of our church, who, by
their oaths of allegiance to the Pope-of Rome, are pledg-
ed to eternal enmity to every institution opposed to the
Holy See. The petitions lie for signatures at the vari
ous newspaper offices.

THE CANADA BILL.—DEBATE IN THE LORDS.—On
Friday evening a 'most important debate on the absorbing
topic of the affairs of Canada took place in the House of
Lords. Before we proceed to notice in detail the several
speeches which were delivered on the occasion, we cannot
help observing that the tone in which this important sub-
ject was discussed in the Upper House presented a very
marked contrast to that which pervaded the debates in
the CoMmons on the same topic. We, of course, allude
to the pragmatical -effusions of, those individuals who
assume to themselves the title of philosophical radicals,
among whom Hume, Leader, Molesworth, &c. must be
classed as the chief apostles. The absurd dogmas,. the
crude theories, the loose principles, and the infatuated
views of these visionary, but dangerous' politicians, met
with no response whatever in the House of Lords, if we
except the violent diatribes of that incomprehensible
being, dowager Chancellor Brougham. He alone,
amidst the patrician statesmen of the land, allowed him-
self to become the advocate of the rebel members of the
House of Assembly of Lower Canada. He alone identi-
fied himself with the anti-national clique who seek to
make the Canadian rebellion a precedent for, 'radical
revolution in England. But we must proceed to the
task of examining the proceedings on Friday evening,
which we regret we cannot report at such length as their
importance demands.

The debate was opened by Lord Glenelg, who entered
into a minute detail of the circumstances which led to the
introduction of the measure for the temporary govern-
ment of the Canadas.

The Earl of Aberdeen followed, in a speech as remark-
able for. its clear and dispassionate views, as for its
dignified eloquence and powerful reasoning. He dwelt,
with much felicity, upon the miserable blunderings of the
colonial policy pursued by the .present government, and
especially upon the indecision—the lassitude—the con- .
tradictions—the igndrance—and the blindness, which had
uniformly characterised all their proceedings in reference
to the administration of the affairs of Canada. He sug-
gested the propriety of discouraging every idea of sepa-
rating these important colonies from the mother country,
and expressed a hope that both should go on for a long
course of years in a 'state of mutual happiness and pros-
perity—a hope in which every loyal subject; every sin-
cere protestant, and every true patriot, both on this and
on the other sikle of the Atlantic, must cordially partici-
pate a hope of which we trust we shall see the glorious
fruition under the firm, but conciliating sway of a con-
servative administration. There can be very little
doubt that, had the conservatives been in office during
the last three or four years, all' the disturbances which
have taken place in Canada, and all the rankling hostility
which those disturbanCes have engendered, both between
the French and British inhabitants of Canada, as well as
between the latter and the citizens of the United States,
might haVe been entirely avoided. Under a conservative
government there would have been little cause for com-
plaint on die part of. the original settlers ; whilst all
sources of jealousy,between them and the emigrants from
Great Britain would have been carefully removed. As
it is, many years, if not ages, must elapse before the ran-
courous hostility, to which the culpable weakness of the
hig ministry has given birth, can be expected to disap-
pear.

Lord Bi ougham followed, and delivered himself of one
of those brilliant effusions, in, which wit and sarcasm,
truth and fict ion, honesty and radicalism are so strangely
blended. His castigation of the Whig colonial secretary,
and of the governors appointed by the somnolent Glenelg,
was both richly merited and unsparingly administered.
The Doke of Wellington followed, in a speech replete,
with sound sense, and marked, by that manly honesty of
feeling which sheds such a lustre on his character as a

statesman. The Morning Herald observes, in reference

to this speech?,
" The concluding. observations,of the Duke of Wellington—
his warnings to ministers, that they must not consider them-
selves involved in slight difficulties—and his exhortations to
them to send forthwith to Canada all the forces which they could
muster—were worthy of the noble duke's profound good sense,
and long familiarity with the course of war and of diplomacy."
Lord.. Melbourne's reply was tame and spiritless, but
rather conservative in its tone.

The bill will, in all probability, receive the royal
sanction this Week.

SHARP'S ROYAL BRITISH CERATES AND LINIMENT.—We
beg particularly, (for reasons which will there appear) to invite
the attention of "LICENCED MEDICINE VENDERS
AND OTHERS, to an Advertisement under that title, which
will be found in another column in our Paper.

The sum paid during the last year out of the. Liverpool Mer-
chant Seamen's Fund, for the relief and support of worn-out
and disabled peamen, And of the widows and children of seamen
killed and drowned in the merchant service, was £3689 4s.
DEATH OF THE BISHOP OF SODOR AND MAN.—We regret to
have to announce the death of the Bishop of Sodor and Man,
which occurred at Great Horkesley Rectory, on Friday last,
the 26th ult., at the age of seventy7tive.—Morning Post.
_ _

CAUTION TO HOUSEKEEPERS.—The lead trick has been re-
peated this week. A man went into Mr. Hope's boot and shoe
shop; Berry-street, on Wednesday, and purchased a pair of
shoes, paving for theut•with what appeared to be two ss. papers:
they proved to be tea lead, when examined.
A RECOVERY. —A roll of lead which bad been dropped from
the schooner Britannia into the Queen's Dock, about three
weeks ago, was on Friday week grappled out by a man employed
for the purpose.

SCOTCH SECESSION CHURCH.—On the evening of Tuesday
last, the Scotch Secession Church, Mount-pleasant, gave a una-
nimous call to the Rev. Hugh Chricton, of Duntocher, Dum-
bartonshire, Scotland, to be their pastor, to act in connexion
with the Rev. Dr. Stewart.

NUISANCE IN VAUXHALL-ROAD.-011 Friday, Mr. Cooper,
a boiler of bones, in Naylor-street, was summoned before the
magistratesto answer to three informations which had been laid
against him by the police, for nuisances arising from the stench
occasioned by his works. The defendant having pleaded guilty,
and promised to abate the nuisance complained of, was fined £5
on each information ; judgment in the meantime was to be
suspended, and a fortnight allowed him to abate the nuisance;
NORTHERN HOSPITAL.—We hope there will be a large at-
tendance to-day, at the annual meeting of the subscribers to
this Institution, the importance of which will be seen by a glance
at this days' report, and yet we are sorry to add it is several hun-
dred pounds in debt,
DIsTRICT PROVIDENT SOCIETY.—We beg to call attention to
this most deserving charity. We trust the affluent will not
relax in their kind and active efforts in procuring new subscrip-
tions. A vast deal of relief has been afforded during the late
and present inclement season to the suffering and distressed
poor.
IMPROVED HAIR FEI.T.—We have seen a sheet of Cordon's
improved hair felt, and consider it tube eminently qualified for
the purpose of covering ship's bottoms 'previous to coppering.
In point of expense it is nearly as.cheap as paper, and twice as
durable. A very long list of vessels which have been supplied
with it lies at the agent's office. This improved hair felt is well
worthy of the attention of shipowners and builders.
PORTRAIT OF HER MOST GRACIOUS MAJESTY.-4 very
splendid portrait of England's Queen, has just been finished by
E. T. Parris, Esq., and engraved in the finest style of mezzo-
tint° by C. E. Wagstaffe. The original painting will be on
view .at Mr. Burland's, Church-street, on 'I hursday next ; and
we would advise all who have au opportunity to view this',
splendid triumith of British art. From the various testimonials
in the London papers we are of opinion that this painting will
abide the test of comparison with that lately finished by Chalon.
We shall take occasion to view the painting, and offer such
criticism as may appear deserving.
STEAM NAVIGATION TO NEW YORK.—There is now fitting
out, in the port of London, a steamer, which is intended to
make the first experimental trip to New York. She is named
the Columbus. She will be propelled by Mr. Howard's Patent
Vapour Engines, and can carry 50 days' fuel at the same on-
mersion as a steam vessel on the common plan, of equal power
and tonnage, can carry 12 days' fuel. She will sail iroin the
Thames for the Mersey as soon as the former river shall be free
front ice, and will leave Liverpool shortly afterwards for New
York. A very fine engraving of her, has been been deposited
at the Underwriter's Rooms, from a picture, by Higgins. .
DEATH BY LAUDANUM.-011 Tuesday list, a fine young wo-
man named Betsey Sutton, who lived with her, parents, iu Co-
, mos-street, died from the effects of a dose of laudanum which
she had taken on the previous night. Nothing has since trans-
pired to enable her relatives to decide whether the laudanum
was taken by way of medicine, or under the influence of depres-
sion of spirits, occasioned by disappointed love.
Me. Li OLDEN'S CONCERT.—Our readers will perceive that
this concert is to take place, in the Theatre Royal, on Tuesday,
the 15th instant, when we have no,doubi, a rich treat will be
afforded to the musical public in Liverpool. The programme.
which we have seen, embraces a variety of the most elaborate
productions of, the first musicians of the day; and the talent
engaged for the occasion cannot fail to do justice to the admi-
rable
i‘i:Hod
selectionlwhliee.
which has been- made by our indefatigable
townsman,

SERIOUS AccinF.NTS.7—Late on Friday night, a sailor was
carried to the Northern Hospital,.Leeds-street, from the barque
Wilberforce; before the ship entering port, he had fallen from
the topmast, striking his leg on a hen-coop in his descent. The
limb was so dreadfully shattered as to render immediate ampu-
tation necessary. We understand the poor fellow is doing well.—
A workman employed in the St. George's Foundry, met with
an accident on Saturday last, which had nearly been attended
fatal _resallq.. While attempting
,to place a strap over a
wheel attached to the turning lathe, he was drawn in among
the machinery, and it was only on stopping the engine that he
could 'be extracted, he was taken to the Northern Hospital,
Leeds-street, where the most prompt assistance was afforded
by its officers.—Two men who had been seriously injured on
board the Huddersfield, while on her passage tritin Bombay,
were, on being landed tine, conveyed to the Northern Hospital,
Leeds-street.

It is generally known, that a government steamer had been
specially commissioned; for several days, during the last fort-
night, to cruise about the chops of the channel, in order that,
if she fell in with the New York packets of the Est ult., the im-
portant despatches which wete so anxiously looked for by these
vessels from Canada might be forwarded as rapidly as possible
to the Colonial Office. She was not successful, neither were
other steamers despatched from this port by the "caterers" and
parties interested in Canadian affairs. Captain Gowan, in the
steamer "Corsair," however, in the course of his voyage from
Belfast, on Friday se'eunight, fell in with the packet-ship
" Siddons" about 20 miles to the westward of the Lightship,
and although it was blowing very fresh at the time, and a heavy
sea running, he laid his vessel alongside, and, with consider-
able risk and difficulty, succeeded in having safely conveyed on
board one passenger and the precious letter-hag, The latter
was delivered to the agent in Liverpool in the forenoon of Fri-
day Strange to say, not a syllablern the way.of acknowledge-
ment has since been uttered (either by the people at the Colo-
nial Office, the agents for the packets, the "caterers,'' or, in
fact, by any perscn whose business it ought to be, at any rate,
tiethank Captain Gowan) for this important public service.—
Such a want of common courtesy is highly reprehensible.
THEA :RE ROYAL MANCHESTER.—On Tuesday The Slave
was very well played throughout. Mr. Stuart's Gambia was
faultlesss; the heroic bearing was carefully preserved, without
noisy declamation or unnecessary gestures. Miss Betts sang
delightfully. Her rich, flute-like voice was heard to great ad-
vantage in •‘' Bid me discourse" (a song introduced) and
".Sons of freedom." Her cadences were well executed, and
brilliant, and were she suitably supported, she could not fail to
draw full houses: this was especially observable on Friday.
The Marriage of Figaro, an opera full of mirth and music, when
all the parts are well filled, went off tamely. A good tenor and
bass are indispensible.—This day, Saturday, The Stare is again
performed, and we venture to hope that the actors will be
cheered by seeing a good house. Independently of the above
noticed performances, we understand that Rob Roy and The
Merehant of Venice have been played. My. Baker in the
Baillie merited the great applause he received, and Miss Betts,
and Mr. Horncastle exerted themselves most effectively, as
Diana and Francis. In the Merchant of Venice Mr. Stuart re-
ceived much applause in the character of Shylock.—Manchester
Advertiser.
COURSING AT ALTCAR.—The subscribers to two of the im-
portant stakes to be contended for at the above meeting, viz.
the Waterloo Cup, 250 sovs. in specie, the second dog to receive
100 sovs.—and the Waterloo Purse of 100 sovs. 42 sovs. to the
second best dog,—are now declared, to 'the first of which no
fewer than forty noblemen and gentlemen have subscribed their
names, and to the latter stake there are just twenty subset ihers.
The names of the greyhounds are not vet sent in, but reports
says there will be some of the best that can be turned out in
readiness for the oeeasion.—The sport is to occupy two days,:
and is fixed for Wednesday and Thuisilay, the '2lst and 22d
instant. The day fixed for entering and naming the days is on
or before Wednesday, the 7th inst. consequently we shall ha
enabled to supply a correct list in our next publication. From
the high character of the 'promoters of tho Altcar coursing
match, viz. the members of the Waterloo COursing Club, there
is little doubt but the meeting will turn out a first-rate affair.
SALE OF CORPOR kTION PROPERTY--On Tuesday, Mr.
Winstanley brought to the hammer a number of houses and
other buildings belonging to the Corportion of Liverpool. They
were sold " upon leases for 75 years, subject to the purchase of
the ground-rent, and to such covenants as are usually inserted
in the leases 'of the corOratiou.',"rhe prices they brought
were as follows :—Two houses, corner of Argyle-street and Sed-
don-street. 96 yards, rent £3O, price £360. Foundry and ware
house in Crooked-lane, 205 yards—E7Bo. House in Thomas-
street, 85 yards—£23o. House in Sparling-street, 127 yards—
£395.. Two houses in Shaw's-alley, 128 yards, rent £2B—
House in Whitechapel, 86 yards, rent £4O-505. House
in Whitechapel, 133 yard, rent £45—£775. A house and three
back houses In Whitechapel, 130 yards, rent £55—£640. A
house in St. James's-street, rent £42-810. A house in College-
lane, 102 yards. rent £22 —£sos. A house in LaWton-street, rent
£l6—£3lo.'A back house in-Lawton-street, 28 yards, rent £B—
House in Mason-street, rent £20—E290.
FATAL ACCIDENT.—An inquest was held on the body ofJohn
Roberts, a porter, who met his death under the following, cir-
cumstances. On Wednesday, the deceased was employed by
Messrs. Boutcher, Mortimer, and Co. in putting wet hides into
a cart., in Bath-street. There was no horse in the cart, and the
deceased, conceiving the shafts to be unsafe, went below to rec-
tify the props, and as he was doing this the shafts fell and
crushed his leg. He was carried to the Northern Hospital,
were it was found that he had a compound dislocation of the
ankle joint. The case was a dangerous one and every atten-
tion was paid to it, but he died on Monday morning, inflamma-
tion having taken place. Verdict accordingly.
FATAL AccinEvs.—On Thursday morning, a rigger named
Richard Williams, was in the foretop of the barque Richard
Grant, lying in the Prince's Dock, swaying the mast up, when
the mast rope broke, and he fell from the top upon one of the
bits that holds the windlass, and afterwards on the deck. He
was taken up and carried to the Leeds-street Hospital, but was
-so dreadfully hurt that he died in twenty minutes after. There
was no external wound, but blood flowed from his right ear, and
it was the opinion of the surgeon that the base of the skull had
been fractitreti.-i-On Sunday evening an elderly couple named
John and Mary Earnshaw, residing at Mile End, were on their
way homewards, when in crossing the street, the old woman
slipped, and felLinto the cellar of the house adjoining her own.
When she was lifted up, it was found she had received a severe
cut on the forehead. A surgeon was sent for and the wound
stiched up, but she died on the following Tuesday.

ALONG WALK ON THE THAMES.—A ,singular feat was per-
formed on Saturday last by a young man named Sowetbv, who
succeeded in walking upon the frozen surface of the Thames
from• Windsor to Chelsea-bridge, a distance, allowing for the
various windings, of about thirty miles. The task was under-
taken for a bet by no means Commensurate with the labour.
