SCHOOL FOR THE DEAF AND DUMB.

On visiting the School a few days ago'we were shown the
Exercise Books of several of the pupils, in which they write,
occasionally, in their own words, their thoughts on what they
see or read. Several of these specimens are well expressed,
and certainly would not discredit children of a similar age who
can hear and speak.
The following, written by one of the pupils, Richard Wil-
liams, 13 years of age, and who has been but two years in
School. we copy from his book verbatim et !iterating. is en-
deavouring to give the substance of the scripture narrative con-
tained in the first twelve verses of the 14th Chapter of St. Mat-
thew, and it will be perceived on examination that he has
scarcely omitted any one incident in the narrative.
" April 9, 1838.
"Last Friday I read in the Bible about John the Baptist,
that he was preaching in the wilderness of Judea, and Herod,the king, heard of it, and took him, and put him into prison,
and hound him. When Herod's birth-day came he saw a little
girl dance, and he was pleased. Then he asked her what he
should give her for a present, and she went to her mother, and
asked her to advise what to ask ;—and her mother told her to
ask for John the Baptist's head ; and the little girl went, and
asked the king for John the Baptist's head, and the king
ordered him to be beheaded in the prison, and his head was
given to her in a charger. The disciples came to the prison,
and they carried the dead body away and buried it, and then
went and told Jesus Christ.
It was very wicked to kill John the Baptist, who was a very
good man, but his soul is gone to heaven, and he is happy with
God, and Jesus Christ, and the holy angels."

Lostnori AND CHs STNII Main.—The old London and Chester
Mail to Liverpool by Woodside is discontinued, to the great re-
gret of many of its old patrons. It has long kept bad time, but
still was very much patronised by the Liverpool gentlemen, and
had it met with its due proportion of patronage from those gen-
men resident in Chester, who have so frequently to travel to
London, it is very possible the spirited proprietots would have
still continued to run it.

RUNCORN NEW CHURCH.—The sum of £22(0, we understand
will complete this beautiful and sacred edifice, &c.; and we
hope to heir of some good friend to religion, and our venerable
church establishment, enrolling his name among the best ;,ene-
factors of mankind by endowing the elegant gothic structure
which is rising into view, to adorn and bless the enterprising
little town of Runcorn, with its WOO inhabitants. The church
is expected to be ready for consecration in the course of two
months.
A great additional accommodation has been granted to the
towns of Eastham and Neston and the neighbourhood of these
plat es within their Postoffice deliveries, a horse post leaves Ches-
ter Posioffice daily, as soon as the London mail by railway is
sorted with bags for Eastham and Neston. The horse post re-
turns from Neston every morning at ten o'clock, via Eastham,
and brings up the bags for the two o'clock London snail train.
The old Holyhead and Liverpool mail still take letter-bags, as
heretofore, for Eastham and Neston.
NEsroN.—We have much pleasure in finding that the high
estimation in which the Rev. John Husband is held by the in-
habitants of Neston, in the county of Chester, where he has
officiated as curate for the last nineteen years, has induced theta
to present the-rev, gentleman with a handsome piece of
plate, of
the value of Vit) and upwards, on his retiring from that curacy.
The folllowing is a copy of an inscription engraved upon a mas-
sive salver of silver, which, with a magnificent epergne, have
been presented to him. "To the Reverend John Husband, M.A.,
this salver, with a silver epergne,, ectfully presented by
,
the parishioners of Neston, raving the parish, as a
memorial of their regard an ;filhegs. public and private
worth.-4835. • Atvcv,..
The execution 4111 i . for the murder of Betty
Minshull, at War ttin, tiled to take place to-morrow.
THE GALE.—On Saturdat7nig and Sunday, we had a
strong gate from the westward, :which continued with great
Violence till Monday last. accompanied with occasional showers
of hail and snow. It will be saris on reference to our ship news
that several vessels have been driVen on shore.
Wits..cxFus.—On Saturday. fide men were brought before
the Rev. Miles Formby and Mr:,Rawson, magistrates of the
county, charged with having plundered the schooner Tyro,
recently wrecked off Formby, of part of her cargo. They were
committed to the House of Correction for two months, the
magistrates expressing their determination to punish all such
offenders with the utmost severity.

triDe iLibtrpool ,Stanbarib

FRIDAY MORNING. APRIL 20, 1838.

Kr The Publication of the STANDARD commenced this morn-
ing at 5 o'clock.

TRE CONSERVATIVE FESTIVALS.—We this day pre-
sent our readers with full reports of the interesting
proceedings at the Salford and Manchester conservative
dinners. -We should have been glad to insert a con-
densed report of the proceedings at Leeds; but we are
precluded from doing so by want of space. The festival
at Leeds is described as magnificent in the extreme. It
toA piaci; in a splended pavilion, erected for the pur-
pose, and fitted up in a stile of gtandeur only surpassed
by that of the pavilion at Salford. At Leeds twelve
hundred gentlemen and operatives sat down to dinner.
At. Salford there were seventeen hundred gentlemen and
operatives at table, and in Manchester there were eight
hundred present. The speeches will be perused with
much interest, especially the manly declarations and
sound conservative sentiments of Sir Francis Burdett.

The dinner at Liverpool will, of course, be on a much
smaller scale. To the shame of our otherwise spirited
"good old town" there is not a single public room in
Liverpool sufficently large to accommodate such assem-
blies as those of the Leeds and Salford conservatives.

CHURCH EXTENSION IN SCOTLAND.—Church exten-
sion has bee for a considerable time past, and is at the
present monMt, the all-absorbing question in Scotland,
and is agitating it from one end to the other. Another
reformation is unquestionably begun, and is going for-
ward in that land of moral interest ; and, as in former
days, so now, every shade of religious opinion and of
secular interest is moving according as it is more or
less likely to be affected by the mighty impulse at work.
The main points at issue or involved in the gestion,
are the efficiency of voluntary compared with Tndowed
churches in providing for the moral and religious des-
titution of the community, and the actual extent of the
religious destitution stated as existing; out of which
arises the question, that were churches to be built to the
extent proposed, are they likely to be filled without un-
peopling the churches already in existence ?
On the one side we have the church herself taking up
the matter, and pursuing her object with a zeal and
-energy equal to her earlier and best days—adopting no
new principle—following no new standardbut cleaving
with characteristic earnestness to those principles and
rules which guided her great forefathers in both the first
and second Reformation. On the other side there is a
body as firmly opposed to the church on the endowment
question, and preferring what is called the voluntary
principle, and saying not only that the destitution is not
so great as is pretended, but that though churches were
built they would not be filled. This we believe to be a
fair statement of the case; and, with the desire to do
justice to both parties, we would test them for a moment
by the principle of business and of common sense.
That churches in which divine truth are taught are a
public good few will have the hardihood to deny ; and
whatever may be the amount of destitution, if the vo-
luntary principle be held as adequate to meet the wants
of the population in regard to public religious instruc-
tion, then as the greatest amount of destitution, so far as
religious instruction is concerned, is allowed to exist
among the poorer classes of society, simply because they
have not the means of purchasing it, it would require to
be shown that voluntary churches are better calculated
than endowed churches to meet the wants of the poor.
In other words, that a church the whole annual expenses
of which, including the minister's stipend, are to be
raised by the charge made for church sittings, is as likely
to be accepted by the poor in its neighbourhood as a
church burdened with no such expenses, and conse-
quently, free to admit the poor without charge.
Again—respecting the extent of religious destitution
actually existing, we have on the one side the declara-
tion of men who have gone from house to house in order
to ascertain the fact, and acting upon a principle deriv-
ing its birth from a period long anterior to tlie present,
founded upon an intimate knowledge of human nature,
and confirmed by everyday experience from the earliest
records of truth on such subjects down to the very day
in IN hick we live, and which has, moreover, been admit-
ted as fair by a commission expressly appointed by Go-
vernment, and composed of men the majority of whom
are generally allowed to be inimical rather than favour-
able to the principle of endowments. And on the other
we have as the most clamorous those whose existence as
rr religious body is but recent—oho acknowledge them-
selves to have been forced into existence by accident—
whose own declarations before the commission form a
principal evidence against their claim—whose churches
are burdened with such a debt as is acknowledged to be I

an evil that completely retards their progress, and must,
in the very nature of things, for ever prevent them from
opening their doors to those unable to pay for instruc-
tion—those whom the very principle on which they move
effectually obliges to eschew with all their ingenuity
those sections of every large town principally occupied
by the poor, as is the case in our own north end at the
present moment, as well as all the poor or thinly popu-
lated parts of the country; either leaving them to their
destitution, or consigning them, as they actually plead
for, to the care of an unpaid male or female visitor, a
teacher, or to some indifferently paid and, consequently,
second-rate substitute for a duly qualified instructor—
those, moreover, who are at this very moment, and, in
consequence of the reviving energy of the church, are,
in reality, though most mistakingly, trembling for what
they call the " vested rights" of their chapels, and are,
thereby, altogether unfitted to give a free or independ-
ent opinion op the subject, and which has actually driven
them to the adoption of a new and before unheard-of
rate of computation, in order, if possible, to reduce the
actual and proved amount of spiritual instruction.
Finally—With respect to whether the churches built
in order to accommodate the destitute, and anything but
the church-going portion of the community, are likely
to be filled without drawing sitters away from the already
existing church, the simple fact that ten new churches
have been built within the last year in Glasgow, and are
now well filled with rich and poor, without in the slight-
est known degree affecting any church already built,
proves, if proof were wanting, that the assertion is a
mere theory of the imagination. and has. no foundation
in fact.

SALFORD OPERATIVE CONSERVATIVE DINNER,
AND DINNER TO MR. GARNETT.

On Tuesday, the anniversary dinner of the Salford Operative
Conservative Association was hell in a temporary pavillion,
erected fot the purpose, in the borough of Salford. It was de-
termined by Mr. Garnett's committee, they intending to give a
public dinner to Mr. Garnett, to endeavour to effect a junction
in the two dinners, and an arrangement to that effect was come
to, and the result was, one of the most splendid and numerously
attended conservative festivals we ever beheld. A large tem-
porary pavillion was erected, the cost of which was said to be
.1:2,000, and this was fitted up to seat no less than 1,700 persons;
that number of tickets being sold. The building was in the
form of a large square, containing an area of about £1,600
square yards, having a long avenue leading into it. Down this
this avenue, tables were set to accommodate 300 persons. The
tables in the pavillion, ten in number, were set the whole length
of it, there being no cross tables, and each table seating about
130 persons. At the upper end of the room was a circular table
at which sat the chairman and the principal guests. This table
was surmounted by a large canopy of pink and white calico,
with which material the whole building was lined with great
taste. The roof was supported by two rows of light pillars,
dividing the interior, as it were, into avenues. The pillars at
the top were joined by an arch, covered with calico, and taste-
fully ornamented with evergreens. In various parts of the
building were hung up very splendid flags. In front of the
canopy was a very splendid basso aelievo coat of arms, silvered
and gilt. In the interior of the canopy, at the back, were two
very large mirrors, joined together, which reflected the splendid
and animating scene before it. The interior was lit by about
twenty very splendid glass chandeliers. At the opposite end of
the pavillion to the chairman's table was the royal cipher, and
in the centre was a crown in brilliant gas jets. The whole
formed a coup d'ecil of splendour and magnificence it is not easy
to conceive. .

Dinner was announced for four o'clock, but, owing to the
immense number dining, the company were not all seated and
arranged until nearly six o'clock, and it was seven before the
before the cloth was removed and the business part of the even-
ing commenced.
Shortly before six o'clock, the chairman, William Hill, Esq.,
entered the room, followed by Mr. Garnett, in whose honour
the dinner was partly given. They were received with the
most deafening plaudits. Soon after, Viscount Maidstone
arrived, and took his seat to the right of the chair. He was
similarly enthusiastically received. Before dinner was over,
Sir Francis Burdett, accompanied by Sir George Sinclair,
entered the room and took their seats to the left of the chair-
man. They were received with long-continued and vehement
cheering.
" Non nobis Domino" having been sung by a company of glee

singers,
The CHAIRMAN proceeded to give the usual preliminary
toasts:—" Her Majesty the Queen, Duchess of Lancaster, and
may her reign be long, glorious, and happy," with three times
three cheers. Anthem.—" God save the Queen." " The
Queen Dowager and all the Royal Family," with three times
three. " Our Glorious Constitution in Church and State."
(Enthusiastic cheering.) Glee.—" With a jolly full bottle."
"The Army and Navy," with three times three. Song.—
" The Death of Nelson." " The great Duke." Glee.
The CHAIRMAN then said the next toast he should have the
honour to propose was the main object of the evening's meeting;
it was to drink the health of their guest, Wm. Garnett, Esq. It
was said, at the last election, that his friend was to have a hold
front made against him, and that the whole fight was to be
taken out of the man. (Laughter.) But suppose the fight had
been taken out of Mr. Garnett, would they have been able to
take the fight out of the conservative electors ? (Great cheering.)
Because they lost the battle, was the spirit of conservatism to
he destroyed? (Loud cries of " No.") He ventured to say,
that conservatism was an indestructable spirit which should last
as long as time should endure. (Cries of " Bravo ") In the
recent election committee, Mr. Brotherton's learned counsel,
Mr. Austin, had been instructed to say, that Mr. Garnett was
not and never would be the member for Salford. lie had not
the least doubt but that Mr. Garnett would be elected as their
member on the first opportunity, for he was in the warm esteem
of full two thirds of the electors. (Great cheering.) It depend-
ed upon the electors whether Salford should not be the first
amongst boroughs. If the election appeal were now to be made
instead of when it had been, instead of 888 votes, Mr. Garnett
would have half as many more. (Great cheering.) He had the
honour of seeing many around him, who formerly were advo-
cates of the other side, but who now rendered them all the addi-
tional weight of their influence. He concluded with proposing
"The health of William Garnett, Esq." (Rapturous cheering.)
An operative, named CLARKE, then, in the name of the Oper-
ative Conservative Association, presented Mr. Garnett with a
very handsome gold cup, as a token of esteem and respect from
the operative conservatives of Salford, and, also, with a very
handsomely silver-mounted horse-whip, from a respectable sad-
dler in the neighbourhood, with which he hoped Mr. Garnett
would whip the whigs out of the borough. - Mr. Clarke, in pre-
senting the cup, made some eulogistic and appropriate remarks,
and concluded with trusting that their honoured guest might long
live to enjoy the presents made to him.
Mr. GARNETT rose to respond to the toast amidst almost
deafening cheering. He had had so many instances of kind-
nesses shown to him, not only on the present but on all other
occasions, that it had had such an effect on his feelings as to.
preclude the possibility of his adequately expressing his sense of
gratitude and the emotion which he felt. (Hear.) tie was
aware, that the attention shown to him.was not done so from
personal motives, but from the cause he advocated, and which
he should continue to advocate as long as he lived. (Cheers.)
• That meeting, which was the third anniversary of the Salford
Operative Association, was a proof of the loyal and constitu-
tional feeling which existed in the borough of Salford. (Cheers.)
• The numbers around him exhibited the sincere desire of the
conservatives of Salford to show their respect to the noble lord
and to his honourable friend, Sir Francis Burdett. (Great
cheering. The splendid scene before him was an earnest of his
(Mr. Garnett's) future success, when the time for exertion
should again arrive. (Great cheering.) .Would it be said that
there was no reaction in Salford aftet witnessi*that assembly?
But that splendid assembly was not a solitary instance of con-
servative feeling. His noble and honourable friends had come
from Leeds, where the day before there had been a conservative
dinner: he would visit Manchester the followibg day, where
there was to be another numerous assembly of conservatives;
and; on Monday.next, he would visit Liverpool, where a consi-
derable number of gentlemen would meet, who maintained
those opinions and feelings which ought to exist in the breasts
of every Englishman. (Cheers.)
" Breath'd there the man, with soul so dead,
Who never to himself bath said,
This is my own, my native land ?"
thatAn Isahno(ui they
es.tha,nmdonforward
ttiot
urileitf,eiii:d the
whictilnbsatidtuthins of
continu-
ed
tim
and preserved the blessings Englishmen enjoyed? (Great
cheering.) Why did they witness these-various assemblages in
Yorkshire and in Lancashire. and in other parts of
England?
Wh,y, because they saw that the British constitution was endan-
gered, and that ins time-honoured institutions were in jeopardy,
and because they saw that Ireland was given up to serve the
purposes of a vile faction (Cheers.) They were not blind to
the measures that had been endeavoured to be thrust upon them;
there seemed to be no end to intended legislation. The object
hitherto had not hem to legislate for the benefit of the country,
party purposes, and to secure to the ministers their
t fo
places.r (Cheers,) It could not be denied that a great portion
of the conduct of ministers had reference to that principle.
They flattered the people, cajoled and deceived them. Under
the mask of hypocrisy they enslaved the people and played the
tyrant. (Cries of " bravo.") • Mr. Garnett then at considera-
ble length alluded to some local disputes between the conserva-
tive and the radical parties, and animadverted severely ou the
conduct of the latter. The radicals had refused to allow a paltry
pittance of some £l2 or 1:14 for ringing the bells of one of the
churches of Salford, which church haul been erected at the sole
expense of one individual, to supply the spiritual wants of the
poor. (Shaine.) They had mefuse.l to light the illuminated
clock to effect the paltry saving of 50s. a year. The only
end and aim of the party was the downfall of the church mid the
destruction of the monarchy. He would not waste their time
with alluding, to annual parliaments and universal suffrage, two
of the standard topics of the opposite party, but would advert
for a moment to the question of vote by ballot—a measure which
it was attempted to introduce, and one the most discreditable—
the most tin-English—the most uncalled tor proceeding that
ever was invented by man. It would tend to bribery and cor-
ruption if adopted, to a frightful extent, and mine but men with
the longest purses and the most ambition would get into parlia-
ment. The effect would be to induce the electors to combine
in bodies, and be represented by presidents, with whom the
candidates would bargain beforehand :—" If I am elected I will
give yen and your club £31.10, if I am nut I will not give you a
farthing." The result would be, that large combined bodies of
electors would vote to a man accordingly as they were bribed
beforehand. Besides, if' the ballot were worth any thing, why
not carry it out—why not huge ballot voting in the House of
Commons. and have every thine snugly done in the dark. Why
call upon men to vote (Teel parliament, and secretly out of
it. Why it was an absurdity in itself; it was contrary to the
British character, and never ought to be submitted to. ( Hear.)
-His petition had been lost on the Salford election committee;
not on a fair hearing, but on a legal quibble. They bad been

A P ::14 20, i 838.

stopped in lintii4e at the outset. If it had ben fairty 'shown that
he was in a imuerity he shout(' have bowedo the mitioritya but
their cause hail not had justice done to i and they bad been
deprived of their rights. (Hear.) He he they were shortly
to have another struggle, when he should b at his post. He
had beard that Mr. Brotherton was goingto take office, and
that the rejected of Liverpool was to be ndeavoured to be
thrust upon them, but he was confident, from what he saw of
his friends, that any future opponent had nothe least prospect
of success against hint. He trusted that theiasause would con-
tinue to triumph, and triumph to .the end. {Mr. Garnett sat
down amidst great cheering.)
The CHA I N next proposedthe health of :it. Francis Bur-
dett and the other distinguished guests who hd befouled the,
company with their presence on that occasion.
The toast was received with tremendous cheerng.
Sir FRANCIS BURDETT rose before the cheerirg had subsided,
and, when silence had been obtained, he was understood to say
that he had attended a conservative meeting m the previous
day at Leeds, and there were other meetings in other towns of
the county to which he wished to pay his respects, especially
when he saw them acting in a manner so highly redouuding to
their honour and the honour of the country—especially as they
were met on the present occasion to express their determination
to maintain all those great and valuable institutions which this
country has obtained. He was surprised at hearing nsucti
respecting the politics of the borough anti of the conduct of the
parties which were connected with the struggle in question, and
in which, it appeared to hint, (Sir F. Burdett,) that their exer-
tions ought to have been crowned with success. Ile was sorry
to say that there did appear something so very extiaordinary in
that decision of the House of Commons, just explained by their
worthy and excellent friend and, he trusted, future reptesenta
tive (Mr. Garnett.) It did appear to him so childish (in point
of distinction without a diffei etice) that they (the cominittee,li
being men under the act of parliament to try the merits of the
election, could, on so silly a pretence, he might almost say, be
misled by so gross a misconception of their duty ; for it appear-
ed that they came to a decision upon a fault which aaeared to
he no fault at all; but that by it they should exclude the possi-
bility of trying the merits ut the petition. The trying of this
election almost had been to think that it was without any other
equal in the decisions of the committees of the House of Com-
mons. The old system was one of which they all complained,.
and in some degree it might go forth to justify these complaints;
but it did not justify the cross imputations thrown over the
members %if th. )•douse of Commons by that pet son to whom
their worthy chairman had alluded, but one oh. he (Sir F.
Burdett) never scrupled to name as one Mt. Daniel O'Connell.
(Cheers.) But he spoke now not merely of the gross vulgarity
of the imputation, but us it happened that that gentleman—he
begged pardon, Mr. Daniel O'Conuell—had said, and he (Sig
F. Bnrdett) believed it would be admitted aud believed, there
was not any body but was converted to the opinion that what-
ever they might have thought formerly of the Grenville act,
which was looked upon at the tirne of its passing as a reform in
parliament, it had boo mush of its weight and credit, and,
twenty years ago, such was considered to be the operation of the
Grenville act by the voters of the House of Commons, that,
until the house hail its present jaundiced appearance, the com-
mittees were considered the only hibunals which were com-
petent to do justice between the parties under the circurastauce.
But Mr. Daniel O'Connell thought that what he stated was all
true, and they all acknowledged that, iFit was possible, a remedy
should be found, so that the rights of the electors of the country
might be protected, instead of being baffled and defeated by
such a mode of proceeding as had been recently adopted, which
had made the tribunal ten times more so, because under the
new act of parliament all these questions had been in some de-
gree so unsettled by the frequent decisions of the committees in
such a manner that there was no law existing for the guidance
of parties as to the law of elections, as the decisions of former
committees were now of no use. But though Mr. Daniel
O'Connell spoke truth, he could not speak the truth altogether a
because he imputed, in his gross way, that one part of the house
exercised partiality, he (Sir F. Burdett) would call it—but Mr.
O'Connell gave it a grosser name; but he imputed this merely
to the tories, meaning the conservatives—that they could not,
in tact, give a correct judgment on cases of elections, thus
leaving out from the imputation all the other parties in the
house, with whom he acted—leaving out the whigs, whom be
held up as patterns of purity in all matters of this kind. (Hear.)
But with respect to the conduct of the conservatives, he (Sir F.
Burdett) would declare, that he would indeed be a bold man
who would say, that in their decisions they had been influenced
by party motives, or upon any grounds except upon the fear of
being charged with being biassed by party. But every man of
sense might say that, however he might be sneered at by such
a man as Mr. Daniel O'Connell, with respect to the state of
Ireland, too,—he whom they call the patriot of Ireland, the
liberal of Ireland, this paid patriot. 'Phut was a strange coun-
try, Ireland, of any in the world; and he had heard, that Deaf
Swift boasted, some years ago, that that which was true any
where else was not true in Ireland. He held himself up as is
protector of the institutions in all the country, and, first of all,
'hat he was a person who was making great sacrifices for the
country. In other countries, men who were paid were nut called.
patriots, for patriotism and pay could not exist together. But
it was otherwise in Ireland. What a happy country was Ire-
land where patriotism and pay-go together! where the joys of
martyrdom go together—where the reward of vice and aittne
may be found in the same person. Unfortunately for this coun-
try, these persons possessed au influence in the House of Cotn-
mutts which never was possessed before, not only by govern-
ment, but also by those individuals whose right to place mem.
berm in the House of Commons we used to condemn, end many
of us reformers complained of, It was indeed trifling in coin-
parison with the power of the popish priests in Ireland, and Mr.
Daniel O'Connell; for he was nothing more than the creature
supported by, and the .adjutor of, the popish priests of IrelaroL
But the circumstance to which he had alluded (the power of the
nomination to boroughs,) it had never injured any body, and
though it was an infringement of the British constitution, yet
in fact it had not a detrimental influence upon the country at
large. For, if one person put in a member for one place, ano-
ther petition placed another member in time house for another;
and thus the parties were balanced, and these persousavi erenrtepeuset
in by persons, who from their station irr society; bad the
of the country at heart. But there were the popish priests of
Ireland, who, with the assistance of Mr. Daniel O'Connell, had
carried about GO or 70 seats, and had put members into partial
ment under the influence of one man representing the popish
priests of Ireland, to uphold the interest of democracy and de-
stroy protestantistn, and the interests of our protestant state.--
(Cheers.) lie (Sir Francis) had always been the advocate for
giving tpiogpmereyn
ttoherai risperiotp. ehrea,i rights,
again,hu twhiethccittusldsynsotetnithsiont intim allow-
ida-
tion, Lion, its Ireland. (Cheers.) 'they might now consider what woe
the power of this description of people, when Mr. Daniel O'Con-
nell, the great man of Ireland, was not ashamed of himself wbeh
he tell down on his knees in the dirt at the feet of a priest.
They were doing all in their power to destroy the superiority of
the church which this country had so generously and so devot-
edly maintained; and he (Sir Francis) feared they would find
they would still be much abused. He, however, was sot afraid
of hinl(Mr. O'Connell) for he saw the good sense of the court,
try coming forward to prevent the country from being bandied
as they had been. It would bring to light what was the real
state of the country, as many honest Englishmen would say.
let us know Ireland like England, and many honest English,
men would say, " let there be no distiuction.'; But they would
find themselves deceived when they looked at the state of the
people of Ireland; and when he spoke of the people of Ireland,
he meant the protestant people of Ireland, men who had the
interest of the country at heart—men who, (like those compos-
ing the meeting) were men distinguished for their attachnient
to the safety, prosperity, aud glory of the country. But he (Sir
Francis Burdett) had seen in a paper that day, that a gentle-
man had gone from this part of the world with the view (he him-
self being quite a liberal in politics) of going over on the pro-
position of the people of Ireland, for the popish people of Ire-
land—and he did not mean to say anything against them fur-
ther than that they had qualities that might be cultivated to ad-
vantage ; but they were nothing more than the miserable instru-
ments of the priests, who had hopes of raising the head of popery
again. But he was going to mention, that a gentleman
went from that part (Manchester) to establish souse mode of
industry in the manufacturing line in Ireland, and be set up a
large manufactory, and found that it was impossible for him to
go on ; for he found there was no law in the country—that the
people, instigated most likely by the priests—in short, that his
premises were destroyed : his life was not longer safe—it watt
resolved that he should be put todeath—that it was deliberately
resolved upon, at a consultation by a large number of people.
His house was burnt, his premises were burnt, and every thing
that he had engaged to do for Ireland, was, by these miserable
people, destroyed This is the reason for a reformer changing his
opinion with respect to the people of Ireland. He was a Man-
chester gentleman, and it appeared that he went out for the
purpose which had been stated. He was a Manchester gentle-
matt, but his name was not affixed to the pamphlet; but it
seemed to him (Sir F. Burdett) to be a very important publi-
cation, and he would recommend every persists to go and read
it, and they would find that this was a practical illustration of
what was the state of society in that country,—amid what was
the state of the law which made such a state of society in that
country. (Cheers) The worthy chairman bad said little on the
general politics of the country, but no person could snore agree
with the chairinan than he (Sir F. Burdett) did; and with re-
spect to the present imbecile administration, a greater evil
could happen to no country, than for the government to be
placed in such hands. Weakness in government was worse
than any thing. Who would bear to be told by those who dif-
fered from them in opinion, that they only support them, not
because they had any confidence in them—not because they
consider them men of talent and men fit for their situations--
not—to tell them to their faces that they shall not turn their
backs upon them—not because they thought them weak men
but "squeezable,"—(laughter)—he thought was the word, and
lead them to the brink of destruction; and, when every tbitiff
in this country—supposing it to result from their conduct,
would be in the utmost peril—Mr. Daniel O'Connell came
one day and supported that ministry, and two or three days
afterwards he went to the Crown and Anchor and tells the peo-
ple that he is quite disgusted with the whigs,—**the base and
bloody whiga" as he used to call them,—he tries the trick of
the party, and tells the radical gentlemen that he is disgusted
with the whigs—that he used to be a whig-radical, but now he
is become a radical. He afterwards goes to the House of Com-
mons and says that they are well met, all companions together,.
they are hand and glove together, and have removed ail
feeling. (Cheers.) They must support protestantism its Ire-
land, and support the union of church and state between these
two countries. The worst part of ministers was that their
principle was a sort of no principle; and he (Sir Franco.
Burdett) apprehended that they really believed that this
' country was to be governed by what was called public opinion'
like a feather in the wind, little caring which, way they Kos—
, they little care so that they keep in. (Cheers.) This cartvieg
on the government on no principle was the reason why:hey
did nothing. How long had they been in office? and out (tithe
numberless things to which they have put their hands, bow
many had proved abortive? He did not know anything whien
they had touched without doing great mischief. They Would
result reform the church." He (lid not think that any good cron,_
result from what they were doing; and with respect to
Irish church, it was said that it did much mischief, and tha'
they would greatly strengthen the establishment by throttles!.
away the surplus wealth which was stated to be 51 millions".
revenue, and they were to make some plan by which thes_4ll:l.l
plus was to be turned away hunt the church and appsol"la
tee.
to some other purpose. This was five years since it' ook
and now they heard nothing of the appropriation clatie.•
edr
great arithmetician, late member for Middlesex, now men Tat
for Kilkenny, made it out that this surplus wa's million,. but
now it turned out to be six bundled thousand pounds. It des
pears they must press the "principle" of their Kish measures
if if it was stilly to the amount of a farthing. and they must liar 0
the principle. But he (Sir F. Burdett) knew from experieha
that it the people of England allowed the fox to get hisher
into the hole, his shoulders would follow very quickly•
Francis then contrasted the mean and paltry savings conten,i
plated by the whigs, with their expensive mission
Durham to the Canadas, to the neglect of such men as ;air
Head, Sir John Colbourn, and Col. Wetherell. tie also "-a
ferret' to their conduct in respect to the Puor Law Atnetolinee;
Bill. now that the committee hail delivered their Ibth repent
and he contended that all the measures etnanating
the whigs were a bortiens. lie expressed a hope fur the time
when a government might be formed, comprising the
names
;If,
Sir R. Peel, Lord Stanley, Sir sF. Pollock, Sir WTI,* baeak-
r. Pemberton, and Sir E. Sugden ; and concluded .1 ndi.
ing the meeting for the honour he had received at thin!
—The hon. bart, then sat down amidst loud cheers. -

ApRIL 20 s

. .
11° .8 Stttl SN iense.,xt proposed the members for the county
(Greartheeriiiii.)
'I henries' was responded to on their behalf liv Estes CtienN-
WicxteEsq. • •
aat Ns, Fsgethen -rose to prePose the next toast. After
preinisitos that he• was not ditty prepared for thetask assigned to'
hint, having, until that Mettrent. been engaged in the duties of
his pu►!'essuru, stud the toast he hail to propose was, " Sir Bold.
feel and the conservative Members a the House of Commons.".
(Cheers:* Xlie etttliirsiasia of. their cheers eiroveyed to his
mind pried' positive that they required-no rhetoric on his part to
do amide justice to the teasi. '1 heir cheers preyed to him that
th!tylad diligeutly pursued the course :adopted' by those high-
nonded and honourable men whom-they might leok upon as
the hest friends of the country. When they hit kt ti upon the
character of him who was placed at the head of this honourable
phalank ; when they
_looked at his firm and manly. bearing;
when they looked at his .masterly judgment: when they looked
at hitu andlourail in him the long-tried statesman and the trite
Christian, tees; Would net 'wonder that he should feel himself
highly honoured 'in •being the medium of presenting the toast
athicli he had! given to their notice. (Cheers.) Mr. WilkittS
then proceeded with muchele.liteace to eulogize. the conduct ef
Sirsltebert Peel as a statesman, and the tatent with which Lot()
NlMfeie'aetiad vindicated the character of the House of Com-
Driseended te him the name of Winithelsen -was net
likelyY to -expire. (Cheers.) Mr. then proceeded -to
take -a review of the.coriduct of the wtrigs; their only endeavour
was to throw flown' the church and upset the bulwarks of -the
constitution. It was useless to eppose reason:And argument-to
them, as Curran had• once said, they flippantly hiipPed over
reasons, and hopped over arguments, and art ived at conelusiens,
and called it logic. •(Cheers.) He alluded, to. the reaction
Which h*Ail taken plate in the country, alel peitited to Westmin-
.
ster,tis Struthyrark, and other plaCeS; would the ministers point
to
,FirisbUry Co prove shut there was tin reaction ? the facetieus
meiliCatmember of which plare had tised a character to them
which yfonla be a sticking piaster which would stick to them its
lttpg aallteY existed. (cheers and Lees titer.) Where would
they pout for proof of the.conntries coulidence in them? To
the- taiserable Member for Salford-, who .had so I mg been the
clock of the lleuse of Commons ? ( Latighter.) Hrceulrl not
nay that the 'of Catualen had an P:afllinated clock.
(Great Laughter.) ' It stauek him that ere tang they would
hear a voice of _Salford, which would conduce them that they
had been crying ease, ease, where no ease was. (G.e it cheer•
lug.) Ile would ask them if ministers had not broken every
Ptontise that they hail made to the British people? • Did they-
notcommenee their administration wirtathe words retrenchment
on. their lips, and was it not notorious that the tsatienel debt
-was increased four millions, since they had come into efliee,
and that the secret service money was greater m amen:rt. than
it was ever before ? qlail they net talked about eciinoinv, whilst
they had found theft heir extravagances Were niest lavish ; •as
for instanceethe sending out of Lent Parham-to Caitailiteat an
enormous expenditure, out because„he Wits the fittest nein, but
because - was. 11tfe mast troublesome'? Ecitneiny W'here
shotilil they find lip allitilietto 31e. O'Centiell and his
patriotiein, fer which, he received so much 'premium They
might depend upon„ it, to use .the Irish- expression, that
feseesieti.oralyas Arearing trade: (Cheers and Laughter.) lie
ellailed to the appoint meuts of ministers made withitut regal il to
tit ivess fitr effive e the last of these was 'that:of Mr.-Shiel, as a
trustee of G,eelitvieli whose- irge acquaintance
withenavatsailairs, had been acqiiired Tr his joarritey between
,Kingston ,and Liverpeal. (Cheers .and. laughter.) Ile coil-
tcluiled a speech of great elogitence, during the delivery of which
he was loudly applauded. by.proposing the toast.
Sir Gsereca, Stset atit ruse tit proprise the next toast, and
was greeted on rising With loud cheertug. begaeil to return
them his sincere Blanks fer the kindness with which they had
invited hitn to attend that. meeting, and for their reception of
him. He had prevailed nit .his excellent friend Sir Francis
Burdett, 'a ho was rather frightened by the fatigue if atteuding
three meetings.on-citusecutive nights, to . attend that meeting,
because they met . tinder feeliues of drier ppeintment, and the
abseuce of his friend would be therefore more felt. He trusted
that ,he who was their member de j,tre, would eon) be so de
facto. Ile highly complimented Mr. 'Wilkins for the eloqiience
with whichihe had just addressed them. lie felt delighted to
dwell on the merits of 'Sir Robert Peel, his old school-fellow,
and even when opposed to hint in politics, he had ever admired
bins for his sincerity, his ability, and his sit tight forwardness.
They were •triav bound iu honotir to. fight his battles. Ihe
great object of. their atubition ought. to be, that such a man
should be placed at the-head of public affairs, and that he simeld
possess the confidence of the sovereign to tee same degree as
he possessed, the centidensees and: respect of the -taatiun, Per-
sons were called aims:Wes trecarie they would net go along with
ministers in sotne of tiiei,r,:rrieasitres; but, as hail been observed,
a great many words were:changing .their Meaning. and they
must soon have a neverevisien of Jiihuson ; for now-a-days, if-
Any man practised:pactatsive dealing soul was harsh and a
tyrant, be was celled adtberale. if any true assisted the popish
priests against :theecharrite he wits calletl'a whits; whilst con-
sistency meant .putting Your hand into the
_public purse—in
keeping ,office as some of 'the present Ministers haire done; and
with respect to the, term renegade, it was. now applied to those
who sacrificed and suppressed every personal feeliirss and private
. interest for the puhlie reeod- (Hear, hear.) He concluded
•with proposing "s S3S ,electors of Salford, who voted for
Garnett at the last election; might their numbers be in-
creased, their ,zeal nuctiministerd, and their exertions in future
lie crowned
:with success." ,S Loud cheers.)
Mr. J. B. -ATANKI.S-N,, as onit of the electurs,-resprinded to
the toast. F.( sir ea- • •
,At•this juncture Sir Francis Burdett retired, and was again
greeted, with enthusias.ic applause.
Mr. GA RNETT, thell reposed_ `• the health of Lord Maid-
*time." (Immense cheering.) -
Lord MainsTorse.then roseapil.was received with tremen-
dous cheeriee, ale islet, be need net tell them how happy he
was that it had:fader' to his I,it, the firsit tune that he shoulit
borne northAftheeTrent, to begin at Leeds, to go on to Salford,
t4-ICo.ou toilWanchester, and to go on to Liverpool, and to be
• present as hedtail::heen attwo, and as he-hoped to be at other
two, of as glorious Conservative festivals, as he would say in the
ntemory of man.had ever been presented to the•public tie Greet
liritain. At that late period of the eveuing he would. !tot enter
into the topics of the day: such as the • imbecility of tuittisters
stud. their unfitness for office,—these topics • had becn fully
:treated min aunt had been received as they-deserved. As be had
the opeortunity• iif knowing something about the - Ballard elec-
tion eionmittee,she would mention for a few moments Whet he
shad seen withihis own eyes and heard with his own ears in that
cotrenittee room_ (hear). Ile would say that the petition against
the return of the sitting member fur Salford was not. one of ynur
lietitions got up, without rhyme or reason; it was not even like
.rune of those found fault with of the Irish petitions gut tip for the
purpose of being a petition —it was not one of those Coppuck
bottom petitions; it had truth fot its foundation, ind if gone
into must have gene against Mr. Bret herton. Mr. Bretheiton
'told them he courted- inquiry; Mr. Garuett courted ingitiry ;
the electors did so, and the House of -Commons desired them
to make the iuquiry. Whist had they done? He liked their
'proceedings alt very well, but he danot like those legal quibbles,
end had said to the- committee " Do yitu anything about law ?
!tril't know anything about legal .quilthles and the COITIRIOII
sense of this implies, is gut. over on a legid_quibble which we
don't understand ; and it becomes us to investigate this, and
we are not doing our duty if we, allow Mr. Garnett ti go away
unsatisfied that his ease has been heard (great cheering) with
that justice which should characterize the British senate." He
'said shOuld characterize, for really in that day there trete faults
tP'be found with the committees, and he hoped to see the pre-
sent system altered.. Mr. O'Connell had taken it for granted
thateth"eir party were interesteden keeping up the present con-
stitution of committees? He would-say that tin party was less
interested, or Who were less likely to have sway in those com-
mittees because they had a less number of members to choose
out of, Suppoajpg that the House of Cotntnons would ;Blow
. that, which he Wlked they. would not, to vote merely by party
liias, then it would go agattist the Conservatives, because there
Were more members of the opposite party to choose on commit-
tees. 'rhea why should the Conservatives have the odium cast
on them of keeping this system of committees, in which.not only
the Whole house but the whole country admitted that there was
something deficient.• lie did say that front what he had seen of
this Salford committee—whatever they might bring forward at
the either side.-to counter-balance, that the present system of
committees -might not to he continued, and they must have
some change. ,One lawyer was teiling them one thing, and
another another, and that they did not know what they voted
for. They did not take a cotittnnn sense straightforwatd view
oldie case. They ought not to be led.away by legal quibbles
and by the strict meaning of words, -but ought to stook et
the oith• and marrow of things. (Hear, hear, and Mail cheers.)
The're was nothing now straight forward in these committees
-nothing pleasedA committee better than upsetting a foundatipo:
whieh had been cousidered firmly settled before: -This was to
be considered the spirit of the age. He wisheithe could see a
little more common sense hu it.. It was a hocus-pucus conjuro-
cus, and there they were. There was, however, one good
thing: if they must have a future. member they must hkve. Mr.
Garnett. (Cries of We erill.") He knew Mr. BrOtherton
-would find a place in Mr. O'Connell's tail.- Whether or not be
would,go out as legal adviser of Lord Durham he could not say ;
that was a situation, of £l5OO a-year not yet filled up. He wonlit
de any thing to get him out of the coentry, arid -let them have
a good memher in his place. It had been his fortune to plunge.
head over heels into public life. He-had not first gone uncle
• deep• in the stream, and then up tie the knees; liehadeaken
regular' header into the midst of turmoil.olitical . (Cheers.)
Certainly nit man in this tverld haeL had a „better opportunity.
The, case which he had any _eharSy school-boy might have.
brought through successfully:and triumplutatly. (No,) In the
House of'• Commons Mr. O'Connell's ungentleinaply language
.had become habitual. and hislies also: and he would •tell. him
`so to his face- only he had put himself init'efthe pale Of tis gen-
„denten. (Cheers.) Ile had gained the victory from not emu-.
.ing down from the 'vantage hill,of truth on which he was Placed
:into the hogs and swamps of the 'depllclty of the ministerial
--party. O'Connell never met a questiOn fairly;; he went of to
the right hand or to the left ; he went riff with "will you do
• us
tice to Ireland?' (Laughter:) Bift really it was impossible to
Meet him fairly on any question, fur of allthe buffoons he 'eyes
saw in a public asseinhly he was the greatest. e beat Astley's
-all to wahine:. He only hoped that some of dHe
might liVe to
see the end of his political career; .and he trusted that there
were better things in store fur England to de. lie trusted that
the spiritof Englishmen was graduallyarising. (Hear.) Eng-
lishtnen were so stout they took some time ttirnints—(a.laugh
they could not-make them whisk reamd like a Frenehrtnin. But
when once the spirit or an Englishittan was aroused it could not
be stopped. Suppose they hair gone to the extremity
.which
they might have done, and have couttnitted Mr. O'Connell to
• the tower, instead of his getting there amidst the acclamation
of all the inhabitants of Lowden, as it was said he would-, with
60,000 Irishtnen lining each side of the streets, tie was sure he
would, have had more cats, and dirty beastly cabttag,es, and all
sorts of nuisances in his route, than those he would meet with in
• his passage to the House of Commons. His popularity was
titone. • However, he was a man not to.he despised; he was a
'Mau of gm eat talents, and had agitated and agitated and put
Ahem into such a state of confusion, that it would require years
le restore them to a healthy state, and to cool the fever which
was consuming their vitals. Let them .goon on their side agi-
tating, agitating; agitating, and he would be bound to say that
before it was very long they should see these squeezable minis-
' tots and their master. Daniel O'Connell, under whose protec-
tinitthey came into office, erased from the very page of
,English
history, and rroin'the 'remembrance of all the true and inde-
pendent hearts of this great empire. (Great-cheering.) The
noble lord concluded with proposing as a toast, "The Lance-
Rhiie witche4; and the ladies of the borough of Salford."
' Several other toasts- were given after we left the room, at a
;I•uarter.past twelve o'clock, and thi evening passed off with
, ereatestnrder, decorum, and good feeling.

'rhe planet Jnpiter now appears in the evenings, when the
.atniospheteis clear, remarkably bright and resplendent, pre-
senting a most attractive and interesting object.
THE LATE ADAM DUGD A LE, ESQ.—On Wednesday last, the
Interment of the remains 'tithe late Mr. Dngdale, of Dovecot,
lite of 'Manchester, took place in the family vault, at St.
Chat'ch, Knotty Ash. On leaving the residence of the
"e(!eased, the funeral procession was met by upwards of 100
chilci;enitelongint, VO the girls' and infants' school, erected
there at the sole expense of the. late lamented gentleman, who
...‘Avnt ',ilA4's most monificent .contributneto the. church at Knotty
loss tcill bis.obvng and sincerely regretted by his
th":9YliiPitdN, but espect`tilfy,iti a rrighbou.thood which, through
~tn.„..fras received such innalco!....!)tti -benefit frotn his- affording
pOor the richest treasure ••, could havc—thevery means
of obtaining d teligiOUS edifeativit kit: their childied.

ANNIV ER SARYDINNER THE MA NCH ESTER
OPER AT IVE :CQNSER VATI VE•ASSOCIP.TION.

On Wednesday last this Association held its third Anniver-
sary in the large rnntn at the Corn Exchange. Though a
dinner of great magnitude, it was not to compare either in
magnificence, or in the nninber of its guests, with the dinner

at Salford. of the preceding evening. The large room, capable
of seating I,0(X) persons, was very neatly ornamented with
blue and white calico. At the upper eOd was an elevated table,
at which sat the invited guests. From this were nine Cross
tables, the whole lerlgth of the room each capable of admitting
about 70 people, which, with the sioit cross tables, made ac-
sommodation for $OO perstMil, exclusive of the guests, which
number of tickets, we under Stand, were sold. Mr. John Rid-
ley, the president of the association, occupied the chair, and
on his right and left-sat the Marquis of Salisbury, Lord Maid-
stone, Sir Francis Burdett, sir George Sinclair, Wm. Garnett

Esq., the' Ilev. Oswald Serjeant, M.A. F.C.C., &c. &c., and
other gentlemen of distinction. Over the chairman's head was
hung a portrait of the Duke of York. Ow either side of the
chairman's table were the splendid flags of the South Lanca-
shire Conse'rvativeAssociation, and the 'Ashton-under-Line
Conservative Association. hound the room were hung flags,
bearing various inscriptioni, as " Lord Maids4me, the de.-
fender of honour and justice," " The Duke of Wellington, the
preserver of Europe ;" " When bad men combine, good men
must unite ;" "W. E. Gladstone;" " Manchester Operative
Conservative Association, established 1835;" Queen and Con
st ution ;'• " A Conservative founds his principles on his duty
to his neighbour, his :c(inutry, and the King;" "With Peel
forour pilot we'll weather the storm," and a number of other
flags. On the arrival of the 'distinguished guests, they were
each enthusiastically received.

The dinner, which wniprriyided by.lll r,, Rutter, of the Prim-
rovt Tavern, was plain and sui stan.tial.n A most excellent
company of glee singers were in attendance. As soon as the
cloth !al been removed, " Nun Nobis Dwaine" was sung by

•
the company standing;:
• The CH A labilig then briefly proposed the first toast, " The
health of the Duchess of Lancaster," with three times three.
Anthem—" God save the Qiieeri,'; whit-h was enthusiastically
snug. " The- gaeeri.-DoWager and the • rest of the Boyal
Family," with- three.:tianes three edgers,—Glee—" Hail Star of
-Brunswick." On-r-glorittus COn4iintion in Church and
State, and may they never he severed," with three times three
entilusiastiecheers..:°Tlfe`kkrmy and Navy," with three times
three. The Chairman. annininced. that at six o'clock that
evening 1w had received a note from Sir 'George Murray,
stating, that lie was so indisposed from an attack of influenza,
thal'he wts unable to attend their festival that evening. rouse-
,quelltiv they stotald be deprived of the power
.of his eloquence.
The, CHAIHSI,hty said the next toast he had to propose was,
The Wardeu tied Fellpws of Manchester," a more worthy
body of onto could not exist. They were • men who had ever
supported the conservative cause, and were ever ready to co-
operate and assist-in any work which tended to the welfare of
their fellow men., (Cheers.) The toast was given with three
times three. -

The Rev. OSSiALD SSRJEANT, one of the fellows, rose to
respond to the toasL He said, on behalf of the wardens and
clergy of Manchester, he, begged leave to offer them his un-
feigned thanks for 'the truly gratity ing mark of their esteem
they had just received. Their favourable reception of their
names formed, he assured them, a most gratifying contrast to
those prevalent and malicious attacks upon their motives,
character, and conduct, with which modern times had rendered
them, together with the rest of their brethren, painfully
familiar: (Cheers ) - It encouraged them-to bear up with be-
coming fortitude, udder the now- admitted principle, of no ens
couragement to the protestant church and clergy—(!}ear and
cheers)—whieh he_was sorry to say actuated the sworn pro-
tectors of their righti and privileges. (Greatcheering.) They
were not to be encouraged, because they were- opposed to cer-
tain schemes ofthegovernment. And why were they opposed
to these schemes? but because they regarded them as fraught.
with consequences most detrimental to the interests and in-
tegrity, and the stability of that venerable establishment which
they were solemnly engaged to defend, and whose welfare they
believed to be essential to the welfare of the community. (Loud
cheers.) The clergy of the Established CeUrch were by no
means the' advocates for the continuance of any recognised
abuseshear, hear)they would gladly hail such improve-
ment in the- church. as might be safely and honestly earlier.'
into effect, with the single view to an increase of its efficiency
—(hear, hear)—but they must entirely deprecate any reckless
and intemperate changes.-.'They must, it they have any regard
for their own character, not meddle with those who were
given to such changes as would endanger the existence of the
church. end would tend to the confiscation of church property,
and after that to the unscrupulous appropriation of every other
species of property. (Cheers.) He trusted be should riot for-
feit their approbation, if be ventured to declare, in the name of
the clergy, that•l hey were.net prepared to relinquish the defence
of their church, neither to leave it to the tender mercies of whig
legislation - ( loud and enthusiastic cheering)—to secure the
enceuraeing smiles of a government forgetful of duty, hut tena-
cious:of office,—(thee,s)--,willing to receive their confidence—
he would not sayy-with the intention, but, considering the means
which they exercised, proceeding from their tortuous course—
with the moral certainty of betraying it. (Cheers.) lie was
folly sensible that the clergy incurred the censure of some by
taking part io the proceedings of meetings like the present; but
were they theeefere blatheable? (Loud cries of " no.") Were
th"..y.not, he Would ask, 'solemnly Wood to inculcate the great
fiteing•Ged andtionouting time Qicen ? (Great cheer-
ing.) .. And- oo,:tteeing when, that sacred duty was widely and.
tiehlushinglv violated, were they justly blameable for makiiig
c onnion shise.with their brother operatives—(loud cries of
No") —who-were willing, he believed, if tieed were, to spend
and be spent in defence of the altar and the throne ? (Loud
cheers.) He email have wished that the necessities of the times
bad not required the clergy to step, even fora brief season,' from
the quiet an &unobtrusive pursuits of their ordinary ministerial
administrations; but it did appear to him, that the interests of
their revered establishments, at that critical juncture, would
not he consulted -by timid compromises—(chems)—or by un-
hallowed conceAsions, but by a mauly independent discharge
of their official duties, and by a fearless, yet temperate, defence
of their acknowledged rights and priVileges. (Cheers.) He
would fain hope that the cloOd which hail so long dimmed their
ecclesiastical horizoo, was now gradually passing away. He
would.fain believe that they had already braved the most inju-
rious storms of popular delusion ;, that men were beginning to
take a dispassionate and, impartial estimate of the value of the
church establishMent. • (Hear, bear.) Judging by what he
saw mound him, he thought he should not be chargeable with
.
any overweeniug presumption if he ventured to entertain the
conviction,t that the great' majority•of thinking people of Eng-
land might yet, under God's blessing, return to their first love.
and might again resolve, at the hazard of life and fortune, to
fulfil the sacred duty they owed to theinselves,to their children,
to generations yet unknown, for the memory of past services to •
maintain and inviolate the church of their forefathers. (Enthu-
siastic and prolonged cheering.) He would not longer detain
their. (L, u 1 cries of " go on.") Whatever might be the ulti-
mate destiny of the Church of England, he trusted that her
bishcpe and clergy would not disappoint the expectations of her
friends in any conflict she might yet be doomed to undergo.
(Hear. hear ) He trusted they might steadiiy pursue their
career of duty, whether for honour or dishonour, through evil
report or good report, regardless of the taunts of their enemies,
and dispersing the"base rewards that might be held out to cleri-
cal apostacy. They would at least be stimulated and supported
in such a course by. the glorious' example of their predecessors
in daps gone by-i-of those truly Christian men who broke the
iron grasp of papal tyranny—(cheers)—and sowed the first
seeds of civil and- religious freedom only to water them with
their blood. (Cheers.) Of others, who, at a subsequent period,
withstood the tyranny of the second James, when both parlia-
ment and people had submitted to his tyrannical mandates; and
thus stood unprotected that glorious 'constitution under whose
wings they were' now protected—no thanks to the Whigs.
(Cheers.) They would he further stimulated to pursue the on-
ward path of duty from the recollection that their conduct was
constantly watched by unrelenting adversaries, eager to take
advantage. of anysoVersight ; by the affection and anxiety of.
friends torch as he then saw around him ; and above all, from
the all-seeing •ey e of that God who alone could direct a favour-
able issue in the contest-in which they were then engaged.
( Hear, hear.) _lle begged leave to thank them for the honour
they had done the warden and clergy, and to drink their very
good healths. The 'reverend gentleman sat down amidst most
enthusiastic.cheering.
. .
The CrestestAN next proposed "the Duke of Wellington,
the preserver Eui•ope," with three times three, enthusiastic
cheer-, and one cheer more.
Sir FR liyittstiTT rose, and was received with tremend-
ous cheering. Thitard—Gentlemen,. I waited what I consider-
ed to be a reatonahhi time, tinder the expectation;4hat, in all,
probability', there would be some gallant son of 'Me army or
navy, whete -heel; h we have- just drunk—some coin pli toe ut
worthy of thelJukellf Wellington, of which all- his army was,
worthy, from to:the general commanding the re-'
gimentsovith,Wirtrt.the great.genius of that great man, not only
the greatest man of this great country, but the greatest man of
the age in.whkh we might possibly have been here, and-
might have had the'lsitis'Netion of gratifying his ()Wit feelings
in drinking this seutiMent with respect to the Duke of Welling-
ton, which we sell egeally feel, althuugh we are nut all equally
capable of appreciiatitig. It appears to me, that I-see such a
body of Englishmen before. me, exhibiting such true English
spirit :awl feelieg:as. t have had the satisfaction of seeing on no
public occasion ; and I should not think that I did my-duty as an
Engliitiman, if I didpermit this toast to pass withaut'stfeh little
remark as the occasion of the moment might inspire me with..
(Cheers.) True, the- task .in one respect, is not difficult, since
we have-only to express our common feelings on the subject.
At the same tiale,:tt is an insurmountable difficulty if anything
is to be expected fram any Man Which can add to the heuour of
the • Duke of Wetlington • (Cheers.) However,' it -happens,„
that the great merits of the Puke of Wellington at the few ex-
hibitions,of those great qualities With which hehas been endow-
ed and displayed, and with a devotion to his country-so disin-
terested and so pare, that I will challenge all history to produce
a man, (let it even he in the ancient times, or the much-vaunted
time of Greece and Roman virtue, or in the no less truly -de-
serving tunes of our own historical accounts.) that 1 defy the
workl to pi-mince, ancient or modern, so straight forward; single-
minded, disinterested a 'patriot., great iu intellect, us well as
clear in mind, exhibiting such disinterested qualities of firm-
ness as well as honesty of purpose. (Cheers.) At the same
time this has tweet (bole with a degree of unpresuming modesty,
that one- scarcel.i• knows how. to conceive possible,• with the ne-
cessary ennsciousness.of the immense powers, moral and intel-
lectual, which be must have felt himself to have possessed, and
which no difficulties or daugerS for an instant ever altered or
embarrassed. (Cheers.) But so it is, that the Duke of Wel-
lington, seems to have been 'almost the only being living- that
was not aware of his own transcendent merits. (Cheers.) For-
tunatelV,and happily frOm the zeal and attachment of an officer,
Cabinet Gurwoed, who had done himself almost as much honour
as it. is possible far man to derive, by the dhle manner and in-
dustry:, he has displayed in collecting those Invaluable documents
that are called, " The despatches of the Duke of Wellington,"
and which embody for the instruction of all men that are called
ripen, am) ere _destined to serve their country not only such ex-
amples of wisdom and conduct, but of pure disinterestedness,
g
reardlessness of himself. and devotion to the service of his
country, that, in my mind places him transcendrntly above all
the great Men. of whom history gives us any record.—(Cheers.)
Gentlenien, That book ought to he Made a book to lie studied
by you in all the. schools in England; for it is worth all the
classics. i wish extremely it may. become a clasSlC.,in the
schools of those youth who are destined to serve their country,.
They hate only io,study it Well, to turn over its pages. by day;
and to urditate bit night, to see traced before them the.
.true
.ath of glMv, and the true means of serving their country.
What
book should be inscribed with the memento to y0u,',1177,
" From henceforward learn that vione, through labour, is, the
road to honour, to in- patriotism. to the good of your country,,,
to everlasting repown." 1. woad not. avoid ebtiuding myself
for some little time. I have only the satisfaction, the proud sa-
tisfaction to feel,. what you, as a sample of all England. I'o4-4
(cheers)--all tliase chords that halie been touched Upoui and

which I fruit wi!) in ii,:soldthly unite ne altogether in every rank
oesi thigree iu,leietiTe of teat great Toiletry which the Duke. of
Wellinglon has serve,'. and to reeler immortal that eStablish-:
meet ie church anal cons! it a; w:kich his eit,rtm have preserv-

ed to us. The honoorah e baronet sat down amidst 'the most
raptarous cheering.
The Cti A tam AN s tid, al(' next toast en his
.list was ." Lord
Lyndhurst and the Ilouse of Peers." The toast was given with

three limes three.
The Marquis of SALISBURY rose to respond to the toast, ,and
was received with much cheering. lie should—hombie indi-
vidual as he was in that house, the name of which they had just

_ . .
received with so much cot hn4iasm, he felt great difficulty in pro-

perlyleturning them his thruks.for the hOnour they had done
him. He most sincerely wished that the toast had fallen into
abler hands. ("No."). It was some consolation to him to
think that he was addressing an assembly, who by their pre-
sence there that night, and by the mannersin which they had
received that toast, at once denied the calumnies, which hail
been heaped on that body of men of whom he formed so insigni-
ticant apart. They had been accused of being utterly unworthy
of the age in which they lived—of being utterly opposed to 'ail
improvementof having separated themselves tlum the rest of
the country; and they had been threatened in no measured
terms of being deprived of their hereditary privileges. If those
hereditary privileges which they enjoyed, were not exercised to
the best of their judgement for the benefit of their country, they
should deserve to be deprived of them. ((Nieces.) And let it
be recollected that they were utterly powerless unless supported
by the petiple. (Continued cheering.) It was true that they
had the power for a time, to suspend any measure which they
mightdeem injurious to the country; exercised it and should
continue to exercise it.
any
They would beiieve
that if there had been on occasion errors in their condoct,
they had been errors of judgement, and not errors of the heart.
Their interests were intimately coo nected with the interests of
the rest of their fellow subjects; their habits were the same:
they enjoyed the same blessings as did their fellow subjects, and
probably, if by some distinguished merits of their ancestors they
had been raised to the proud situation which they held, that
situation, thank God, in this country was Open to every mullet
him but he distinguished; in whatever career of -lite he was, he
Would surely rise and receive that weed of konme which he .de.
served. (Cheers.) It was not for him, fo
.iptike -comparisons,
but he did sincerely believe that. they had neither detierved the
aspersions that had been. cast. upon Ahem_ uor_had. they. by any
part of the thinking people'of •:England been, deemed guilty of
the faults imputed to them. They still he trusted were looked
upon with confidence, and he hoped in general—he might say
:almost universally they represented the feelings of the
thinking part of the population 'of, England perhaps better
than sonic of those who were mistermed their represent.i

tives. (Loud. cheering.) He passed no imputations upon
any one, but it was a notorioes tact that if the voice of the
.majority of the representatiyes, of that part at least of
the united kingdom,. were attended to, their institutions would.
fist. be threatened with the danger which now overhangs them,
It was notorious that even in the present parliament there
existed such a majority of the:English members farobrable to
all just reforms, but at the sane adverse to all innovations upon
the constitution, that they sheuld net now- be compelled by the
exertions which he was .happy to see those around him Use to
defend themselves front the dangers which beset thens, if it de-
pended on-the_ English. members. alone to preserve that eunsti-
Lotion inviolate. (Cheers.) He had said, that tha,t majority
existed only with the people of England ; why did it not exist-
elsewhere? Not be - believed because the .feeling in the sister
kingdom amongst those persons whose good opinion it must be
desirable to have—we l. were the fittest judges of what was fitted
for this country whose interests connected it with the British
empire—not that their feeling as a nation differed from that of
England, but because they livethunder a state of intimidation
which deprived them of the power of choosing their representa-
tives, which the people of England still happily enjoy. They
were the abject slaves of a faettion that run not only their
country but also the ministry and government of this country to
a road of ruin. (Cries of 'shame.') And why had they that
power? Because that government had been sufficiently profli-
gate to throw its weight, and the power and authority entrusted
to it to preserve the peace, in Favour of the friends of anarchy
and confusion. (Cheers.) If it were necessary to give in-
stances of the state of intimidation in the sister kingdom, he
need only refer them to the horrible cruelties practised against
those individuals who had dared to make that sedepenilut ex-
ercise of the vote which they were entrusted with. lie would
allude to the fact, horrible on the minds of any Englishman, of
'two individuals, Mr. 111`lienzie and another,
:returning from
voting for an adverse faction, being bound and left in asecluded
soot to die the most horrible death, that of starvation. He felt
that he had already detailed them too long., and ought to apo-
logize to them, but he coudnot refrain from saying a few words
as to the effect of this unnatural coalition between the govern=
ment and a faction anxious to overthrow the monarchy (hear.)
He could not lint allude to the effect it hart on the house of
their representatives. Every institution had been assailed- in
its' turn. A ministry who compromised the best interests of the
country for the sake of the preservation of an olliee'which they-
degraded—(laughter)—had in almost all instances given what
the popish faction were supposed to consider, and which he (the
Marquis of Salisbury) stated t hat they did consider, as an instal-
ment.' The faction stated openly that they would drive home
the wedge of which the point had beets inserted. This was not
the only effect that would he produced. He regretted neat the
effect oti the,majority of the House of COmmons.had been in a
great theastire to diminish their respect for themselves. Ile re-
gretted much to find that they no -longer entertained that high
feeling which-would rinske them consider the imputation of net-
jury in the,exerrlse',of their legal duties, a reproach; They had
on the present occasion the presence of a young nebleman—
(tremendous cheeting,)--who_had distinguished himself by the
stand against -the vituperation with which the : hpuse suffered
itself to be overwhelmed. He had been successful in bringing
that man to be reprimanded by the house fur the language he
hurl used againit - Ile was told that that ariung nobleman
would emulate the good qualities-Of father. Unfortunately
the course he had pursued had not on all occasions been fol-
lowed uN. The House-of Commons had submitted to the dic-
tation that their decisions were grounded on perjury. They'
must all know and feel, that it a person lost respect for himself,
others would not respect him; and this he much regretted to rase
was the course that the.present House of Commons was follow-
ing. (Hear, hear, bear.). This was Jam of the' ost- awful
signs of• the times, When the guardian's 'of :publie liberty
lost the:respect of those who entrusted lheir litierties to their
care. lie feared that the libel ty which'' they enjoyed was in
very great danger; lind.-he very muchh-feared that if this system
of disregarding the imputations tht were. cast Upon them were:.
suffered to continue that shortly theY"'W'obld cease tc-i regard
that hotly—the great -bulwark of Englith liberty--as worthy of
theirlords confidence.eou lti(io
They might stop malicious. measures,
((Cheers.)which 'the
This was : a point in .
nothing.
and might give an oppoitunity of appealing' to' them whether
they hail been right wrong; but this was this people's hatte,'
and they must light it. Ile dui assure them that it was with the
.greatest pleasure that he saw that night an• assembly es
like that determined to withstand the attempt that was made:
against their constitution ; and he could only say, on the posted
the house, on whose part he was then addressing them, that he
was convinced that nothing would be wanting on their part.
But the House of Lords looked to the people to do tb:ir duty
(cheers;-) and whenever it became their duty again to ehn,,s„.
their representatives, let them choose then such mato put. down
that faction which, he contended, had brenght the dangers noon
the country which now attacked it. He must apologise for
having detained them so long, and begged to drink all their
good healths. (Cheers.) •
The CHAIRMAN said the next toast he had to propose he was:
sure they would all drink with enthusiasm. He would give
them " Sir Robert Peel and the Conservative Members of the
House of Commons." (Great cheering.)
Sir GEORGE SINCLAIR ruse to respond to the toast, and was
received with great cheering: He said his venerable friend Sir
Francis Burdett, Lord Maidstone, and 'himself had, in the
course of the last few days been going what might hi called
the northern circuit. (A laugh.) 'They had been to Leeds, to
Salford, and to Manchester ; they had appeared before 'congre-
gated multitudes of their respected and respectable fellow.
countrymen, and had considered them in the light of so many
grand juries, who had beets considering and meditating on the
charges of apostasy and
the factious; and they had the
. truth, giving assumptions which had
grand juries had thrown out the
lis:eptis,ibrought
heel .eivnestt thhaetmt h
ebsye
hills, and that a verdict of acquittal stood against theism—that
they did not accuse them of a departure from principle, because
.they hail ceased to support those men who had abandoned these
principles which they (Sir F. Burdett, Lord Maidstone,
-and
himself) maintained. It was impossible to exhibit and difficult
to acknowledge in adequate terms the enthusiastic reception
which his Teemed and sioble friends had ever received; and.
for which they felt the deepest gratitude. He remembered it
was said in a German tale, which had struck him for its ab-
surdity, " A sudden thought strikes me—let us form an eternal
friendship ;" vet, in the places they had visited, this, though
absurd, was absolutely realised in is thousand instances, for a
variety of friendships had been cemented in every place they
hart guise to. They read in ancient story of a person whose-
name was Briareus, who was represented as having one hundred
hands, and if his friend Sir Francis Burdett had had ail these
hands he would at least have timed ten persons ,ready to take
each. If he might venture to make another allusion to the
customs of courts of law, he should take the liberty in say that
the kindness they had experienced, which would serve as a kind
of retaining fee. (1-hear.) Anxious as they had at all times been
they should nisw• be more solicitous than ever to devote their
time, either in or out ,if parliament, to promote the interests
and the trade of the manufacturing and popular classes of this
great 'country. (Cheers-) It was, in his- (minion, impossible
to exaggerate the importance of such meetings as these, and the'
benefit which must accrue Ron, theni'.to themselves: and the:
country at large.- These meetings: had the happy effect of,
amalgamating all classes of society.with each other, of enabling
them to appreciate each others worth, and of -removing each
Others prejudices—to tell the rich and the poor that all had the.
same rights, the same dulies--4hat all hod the same interest in,
lime-ethat they had all the same prospects of eternity. (Hears).
And they would'allow him to say that thiS most deSirable baud
-of-onion had net been cemented in the degree in which it might_
have been wished, and he felt that the reason why it hart not
beets so was chiefly to be attributed to the Class to which he: be-:
longed. (Hear.) -He must confess—arleast it was his (minion
—that they had beets in the habit of keeping too much woof,
they had not assumed that pasitiori amongst the operative
classes to which they were entitled, .and the consequence had
been that demagogues and agitators, .and persons to whom the
people would have turned a deaf-ear they had been addressed
by others of a different description, had assumed that place in
their esteem which they might have earned, and possessed
themselves of that confidence which they might have easily
shared. (Hear, hear.) He Feared that there were many who
had not done justice to the working classes of the country ;
they had not appreciated their Merits and their virtues ; and he
must say that so tar as they knew, and experience and obser-
vation went, there was no class so susceptible of good feeling as
the working classes; none exhibited more of gratitude, none
who more readile appreciated the humblest endeavours to serve
them. Upon then) a !loot! word was never lost (hear, hear;)
upon them a kind look was never ihroln away, (Loud
cheers.) Ile might here advert to a system which was
very frequently resorted to by their, nsidions opponents, by
which they often'cont rived to inveigle and delude the unwary, .
who were not aware of their designs—he meant the baba of
using certain general terms to which very different ameanings
might be attached. For instance, some came'and said, "all we
want is good government " Well, Isis answer was, " Pray,
who wants had government?" But what did they mean by
" good government?" for it might be applied 'by different per-
sons to very different things. The Emperor of Russia would
say it to be despotic, and destroy the
n"
In America they would say "good
nationalityas ' : , gfrstohde grn,yoeersous
government" consists in giving the highest degree of licentious-
ness to the white, .and the most degrading, slavery to the black.
(Cheers.) He, too. wos for good government; so were they.
He, was for the government of Queen, Lords, and Commons.
(Cheers.) Ile was for ecclesiastical government ; and, though
. he was a Presbyterian, and gloried in being connected with the
Church of Scotland—(cheers)—he might venture to sae, dear
;IS his own church was to him, it was not dearer than.i he Olsoreh
of England. (Continued cheering.) But (bore was another
general term—"l am all foreilise.ation." Who 'Weis 7rig,iinst
education? Who wont!l stand forward and say that " igreir,inee
is bliss ?" never heard such a .sentimenis 01va,w,,1 in an
enlightened assembly. But did they divine what t bey 111,,int
by eduChtion ? • If they'Speke the truth they would tell Iteeti,
any thinebut the one thing needful; any thing but she eos-
Pel;",--to know the science of mineralogy, sar, if they, pleased,
►.brit' to heave tWeria to Piek Up reliskioti where they

, .
STAsrbAkt)..
