THEATRE-ROYAL, LIVERPOOL.

MISS SHIRREFF,
Mr. WILSON, Mr. STRETTON, and. Mr. MANVERS,
Principal Vocalists from the Theatre-royal, Covent-garden,
are engaged at this Theatre for TEN NIGHTS, and will
make their Second appearance
runis present TUESDAY, July 24, when will be per-
il formed, with the original music, composed by Bellini,
and adapted to English words by Bishop, the whole-of
Italian Opera called
SONNAMBUL A.
Amina Miss Shirreff.
Elvino Mr. Wilson..
Count Rodoiph Mr. Stretton.
Alessio, Mr. G. Horncastle.
Liza Mrs. W. H. Bland.
To conclude with the Musical Drama of
ROB ROY.
Francis Osbaldiston Mr. Manvers.
Rob Roy Mr. Stuart.
Bailie Nicol Jarvie Mr. Baker.
Rashleigh Osbaldiston Mr Gray.
Major Galbraith,
Diana Vernon Mr. G. Horucastle.
Miss Shirreff. -
Helen M`Gregor Miss Cleaver.:
_

On WEDNESDAY, (To-morrow,) will be repeated the favour-
ite Opera of FRA DIAVOLO, which was most enthusiasti-
cally received on Monday evening.
Zerlina Miss Sheriff.
Fra Diavolo Mr. Wilson.

Giacomo.... Mr. Stretton. Lorenzo,...*.MK Manvers.
as performed by them at the Theatre-royal, Covent-garden.
To conclude with the Musical larce of the
WATERMAN.
Tom Tug,....Mr. Wilson. Robin;;...Mr. Baker..
Wilhelmina, Miss Sheriff.
The new Opera of AMILIE, as performed this season at::
the Theatre-royal, Covent-garden, with the greatest success,
is i❑ preparation, and will be produced on FRIDAY next.

ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS.
TN consequence of the unfavourable State of the Weather
Last Evening, THE ERUPTION OF MOUNT
VESUVIUS was POSTPONED - until THIS •EVE-NING,
(Tuesday,) Weather permitting.
On THURSDAY next it will be again Exbiliit d; the
most extreme curiosity, exists. to witne,,this.;extraordinarx
Work of Art.

TO THE ADAIIRE4S"-OF viroFipiE, ARTS..

Now Open at No.. 8, Bot.nfsitiaT-- two doors abOve the.
Palatine Club; • - •
A. SPLENDID EXHIBITION ,OF PAINTINGS..
BY THE OLD n 1
OLD
Among which will. be found onef!inwthe-Pentil of the in,

comparable
GUIDO,
Value 2MOO'Gnineas, iepresetititig'•
DIANA ON HER RETURN 'FROM THE' CHASE..
[Life .Size.] to troi.
ri-IHE PROPRIETOR feels an indescribable pleasure in,
_1 being the humble instrument of introdxicing to, th'etio-
tice of a liberal and discriminating public ;- the itiestirriable
production of departed.genius. whose talents,..like:;a meteor
of transcendent light, have reflected glory on the Country of
his birth, and shed lustre on civilized Europe, giVingininetus
to, and promoting that refinement of taste,
.veneretion for
and elevation of soul which true greatness alone inspires;
it is, therefore, with conscious pride that 'he- incites the at-
tention, more particularly of those who take an interest in
improving the moral condition of mankind, by upholding
science, and giving encouragement to the Arts, the true ad-
mirers of which will experience a delicious treat in contem-
plating the beauties of this specimen, in which the Artist has
displayed those appropriate and gigantic powers of concep-
tions upon which he has established the iminoitality of his
fame ; language, however impassioned, furnishes ,but a po-
verty of words to describe, and which can only be' properly
understood through the medium of its own silent eloquence.
Admission, ONE SHILLING each.—Catalogues tfd.,each.
Open from Ten till Dusk.

Ebe iliberpool

TUESDAY MORNING, JULY 24.,'1838.

(:' The Publication of the 'STAND/I'lin commenced this
morning at 5 o'clock.

m •
s,-,or ,
THE UNITED STATES.—The rrfch: naougut
.
New York papers to the 3d instant-;
-but; they,
..add
very little to the news which have been received by
the Sirius. The boundary question. ivai attracting
considerable notice in the States, and was likely t"
Ind to protracted negociations. .If we had
at home possessed of anything like firmness, we,
should soon witness the settlement of this. very, ati-
ous question. As it is, we suppose that 14ord-ValMer-
slon will submit to be bearded by Jonathan mtrokin the,
same way that lie has been by the Autocrat of
,Russia.
England is truly humbled in the scale of nations un-
der the sway of the pusillanimous whigs.

WHITE SLAVERY.—THE FACTORY QUESTION.---•
The negroes have been completely emancipated : why
should not English slaves share the same privilege ?
Does the reader ask " why ?" We shall inforwhim
of the reason presently. It is because 'Hume and
O'Connell, with their respective tails, , will,the con-
trary. It is because the Whig-Radicals in office can-
not afford to lose the votes of the cotton-manufacturers
and the other slave-masters of our large towns.. It is
because the charity of the abolitionists does not begin
"at home." It is because the people of-Great Britain
are studiously kept in the dark on the subject of
" WHITE SLAVERY." We use these words advisedly.
Let it not surprise our readers to learn that, there
exists, at tile present moment, witbin this, land of
boasted liberty, a species of slavery nrore,degrading
in its character, more fatal in its consegnenees,,than
the bondage of the swarthy Africans, on behalf of
whom so many appeals have been made to the litna.-
nity of Englishmen. This will, excite no surprise
whatever, when we inform them that this: slavery is
perpetuated by those blatant demagogues-.who claim
the exclusive title of liberals. Our readers must be
well aware that this despicable faction, who are.always
prating about freedom, are the greatest.: tyrants..that
ever disgraced our common nature., Yes, the sleek,
the lugubrious, the pathetic, the weeping ,litnanity-
Mongers, who have so long preached about the wrongs
and cruelties inflicted upon the. negroes, .are,-of all
others, the most conspicuous in seeking,to'fix:npon
the poor operatives of England the indelible stigma
of slavery.

We have said that the negroes are
.emancipated.
So they are in effect. In a few days the West.. Indian
Islands will be the scene of universal.- rejoicing, in
consequence of the final liberation of .the,apprentices.
And let our readers remember that.the mueluttraligned,
the insulted, the despoiled planters. of the West:lndies
have voluntarily performed this act of, manumission.
But what do we see and hear in England-?., We are
forced to witness the pale and emaciated.forrus,of, our
factory slaves, doomed to all the..nemplicated misery
and suffering which are inseparable frowthe prema-
ture severity of the, toil which they have.tov undergo.
We are compelled' to listen to.thelvail of the tortured
infant, tasked beyond its powers-by,theavarice-of the
mill-owner and the necessity of its parents. We are
forced to watch the slobs hilt unerring, inroads, of the
most insidiousmaladiesupoti theirconstitations, super-
induced by the preterlTural exertions which:they
have to undergo, in order .to fill the coffers of their
luxurious masters. We are pained by the constantly
recurring pictures of disfigured .frames, distorted
limbs, and premature decrepitude, attendant upon the
infamous factory system. All this rises upon uur view
whenever we visit what are called the manufacturing
districts : and yet the noisy agitators. of Exeter Hall
remain silent and quiescent. Surely here is a subject
worthy the talents
.of a Brougham, a. starge, or a
Thompson. Here they may dilate, with. all their
accustomed eloquence, upon the sufferings of
,the slave.
Here they may draw upon the simPathisingfeetings
of their countrymen with every advantage.. ,The,,suf-
ferers are near at band. The cruelties against which
they will have to declaim are perpetrated at tlierryery
doors. The evidence may be -collected .withou.,
ex-
pe Isive missions across the Atlantic.
But, no; they are all silent:. OTonnell,bas re-
ceived his thousand pounds. His tongue is padlocked-
" Justice to England" is a phrase of whichhe...knows
not the meaning. The Ministry are silent, excepting
in the way of pro Mises, which, like pie-crusts, "are
only made to be broken." It is reserved to Lord
Ashley, and a small but determined band-or .Conser-
vative,, to advocate the cause of the poor factory
slaves. But we hope that the exertions of theSe true
philanthropists will ultimately be crowned with suc-
cess, despite of the apathy
.of the abolitioniSts the
opposition of the mill-Owners, and the trickery of the
government.
These remarks have been elicited, in consequence
of the debate which took plaCe on .F.fiilas,„.evening
last, in the House of Commons, .When .Lord Ashley
once more introduced his motion, on the factOry
tion. The noble lord showed; on this occasion,the
utter uselessness of the present factory regulations-
He dwelt upon the multiplied evasions of the act
which was passed professedly for the protection of the
children that are doomed to labour in those worse
than penal establishments. He forcibly pointed ou t
the absurdity of expecting that justice should be done
to any parties who might have to complain of hard-
ships, as long as the mill-owners themselves, and
their immediate connections, constituted the only
court of appeal. AmOngst the provisions of:the Fac-
tory Act, we find one which declares"that children
under 13 wears of age Shall not be wort ed" factorie
more than eight hourS per day, (Whicli,..by' the bye, '
about the amount of labour7arrntrrl_v' exacted from
full-grown negro)"

passed, enjoining that " the medical man, who shall
be applied to for a certificate, may, in certain circum-
stances, make himself a party to false statements on
the subject." The act, according to the statements
made by Lord Ashley, and which were uncontradicted,
permits the surgeon to certify that a child may be
,worked beyond the specified time, provided its phy-
:sical development—that is, its mere height in inches—

.comes up to a certain mark, however much it may be
,short of 13 years of age. But the subject is one to
•which we cannot do justice within the brief space at
.our command this day : we shall therefore recur to it
.on Friday.

RISLEY CHAPEL.—IMPORTANT CHANGE OF TRUST.
—We wish particularly to direct the attention of our
readers to a very interesting communication in ano-
ther column, respecting the transfer of Risley Chapel,
in the parish of Winwick, from the hands of the Uni-
tarians to trustees selected from the members of the
:Established Church of Scotland. Our respected cor-
trespondent briefly furnishes the particulars connected
with this most important change. We rejoice to find
that this restitution of the trust into the hands of a
body professing those orthodox doctrines for the pro-
-mulgation of which this place of worship was founded,
iias been mainly effected through the instrumentality
'of members of the Church of England. We hail this as
at,pleasing indication of that good feeling which ought
(ever to exist between the members of the Established
(Chu:relies of England and Scotland. We are informed
ttlat **any among the poor peasantry of the district in
which Risley.Chapel is situated urged their gold and
laver upon the acceptance of the committee appointed
for the purpose of wresting thistplace of worship from
the hands of the_ Unitarian usurpers. As usual in
'cases of a parallel character, the Unitarians refused to
;produce the original title deeds; and when a bill was
'filed in Chancery to compel them to show by whAt
:right they held possession of the chapel with the pro-
perty attached to it, they voluntarily resigned their
!trust, no doubt under a consciousness that the produc-
tion of the title deeds would have served to show the
;gross injustice of which they had been guilty, in re-
=taining hold of an endowment, which was designed
;by the pious founders to afford a maintenance for an
•orthodox minister of the gospel.
We look upon this fresh triumph of orthodox prin-
ciples as one of the most important events which has
recently happened in the religious world, especially as
it affords an example which we hope to find extensively
followed
in other parts of the kingdom. It is a well-
kilawa fact that most of the chapels which are now
held by the Unitarians in different parts of England
and Wales, together with many other rich endowments
now in their possession, originally belonged to an or-
thodox body of Presbyterians—a body which has al-
most become extinct as far as the distinguishing tenets
which they professed are concerned. Most of the
Presbyterian congregations in the country have lapsed
into Unitarians, in whose hands the chapels which
formerly belonged to the Presbyterians have, in most
instances, been suffered to.remain. We shall not stop
to investigate minutely the causes which led to the la-
taaentable and almost universal decadence of the Eng-
lish Presbyterians. There can be no doubt that the
principal cause of this untoward change has been the
'vaunted voluntary principle. Had the English Pres
byterians been attached to the Church of Scotland

had they adopted its constitution—acknowledged its
authority in ecclesiastical matters—and bound them-

selves by its established profession of faith—we should
not have had the mortification of witnessing those pul-

pits, which were formerly occupied by such men as the
pious and learned Matthew Henry, now in the posses-
sion of men who deny the glorious doctrine of the
atonement, and who impugn the divinity of our Sa-
viour.

But it does not follow that the Unitarians, as such,
have the slightest right to the possession of the old
Presbyterian chapels, which are now chiefly in their
bands; nor have they, strictly speaking, any legal
claim to the numerous rich endowments which they
have derived froin the same source. The case of Lady
Hewley's Charity affords strong presumptive evidence
of the contrary. The funds belonging to that Charity
were . bequeathed for the education and support of
"gospel preachers," under which terms we certainly
cannot class the teachers of the Unitarian dogmas.
Indeed, the highest legal authorities have decided that
the support given to Unitarianism out of the funds of
the Charity in question was totally incompatible with
the evident intention of the munificent founder, and,
accordingly, after appropriating nearly half a million
of money out of the fund, the Unitarian usurpers have
been deprived of all controul over its further distribu-
tion.

The recent change in the trusteeship of Risley Cha-
pel is another case in point, illustrating the futility of
the claims of the Unitarians to the property which
originally belonged to the orthodox Presbyterians.
There can be no doubt that the provisions in the title
Heeds of other places of worship are of an equally
stringent character with those of this chapel, and that
the like satisfactory result would follow a similar in-
vestigation into the alleged rights of the present hold-
ers of such property. We sincerely hope that the tri-
umph achieved by our friends of the Established Church
at Winwick will be the prelude to a general and
searching inquiry into the validity of the titles by
which the Unitarians hold. so many of the richly en-
dowed dissenting chapels in the community. We par-
ticularly call upon churchmen generally to aid in the
recovery of such property from the hands of the most
inveterate enemies of the Established Church. The
noble example set by the parishioners of Winwick
ought to be emulated by churchmen in other parts of
the kingdom. We feel assured that success would
crown their efforts while seeking to do away with so
monstrous an abuse of trust as that of which the Uni-
tarians are guilty. We would also strongly urge the
necessity of similar movements on the part of the or-
thodox Dissenters—to whose feelings the promulgation
of Socinian heresies, we should suppose, must be as
repugnant as to those of Churchmen.

While giving this advice, we are, of course, pre-
pared to encounter the most virulent abuse of the ra-
dical press, which is almost universally under the con.-
troul of the Unitarians. But we shall not be deterred
from the discharge of what we conceive to be our
imperative duty by all the abuse in the world. In an-
ticipation, however, of the torrent of vituperation
which will be directed towards us, we would whisper
in the ears of our Socinian opponents that they did
not hesitate to urge upon the people of this country
the investigation of trusts placed precisely in the same
predicament as those in the hands of the Unitarians.
We allude to the Parliamentary inquiry into the funds
of public, charities, endowed schools, &c The com-
misaioners appointed for this purpose have been sig-
nally instrumental in recovering very considerable
funds which had been long diverted from the original
objects contemplated by the legatees. Let equal jus-
tice; then, be done to the Unitarians, who have not
_only. diverted the funds now in their hands from those
bleats for the promotion of which they were be-
theted but have
purpose continued to employ them for
calls oppositoef character doctrines of a diametri-
founders of their airacter to those contemplated by the
chapels, which must he considered as
a shameful aggravation of their .
to
Severalh cases have been mentioned to us, as likely
whi be sortly subjected to a legal investigation, in
ch the same
been witnessed result is anticipated as that which has
in the parish of Winwick. Amongst
others we may notice the chapel at Gateacre, and the
chapel at Chester, the walls of which formerly re-
sounded to the eloquence of Matthew Henry, the dis•
tinguished biblical scholar and commentator. We do
not feel at liberty to say anything which might have
the effect of prejudging these cases; but we certainly
Would advise Dr. Shepherd to " put his house in
order," lest he should find himself speedily deprived
of the broad acres over which lie has now the liberty
of sporting.
We cannot quit this subject without once more ad-
verting to the superiority of an Established Church
over the voluntary system. As is well remarked by a
distinguished clergyman in reference to the case of
Risley Chapel, "If any additional conviction were
needed as to the advantage of establishments, it would
be found on the present occasion, when, to secure
trustees for a dissenting chapel, on orthodox princi-
ples, none could be found, among whom permanency
could be attained, except among members of an
established church." Amongst dissenters there is no
_security whatever against declension in doctrine or
latity in dipciFiline. They are not only liaNe bvt ,apt

to be led away by "every wind of doctrine." They
have no fixed canon of interpretation to which they
can appeal in every controversf—no constitution to
which they are bound to conform—no system of eccle-
siastical polity to regulate all their proceedings. The
only security which a dissenter of any denomination
possesses, that the chapel in which he now worships may
not fall into the hands of a sect whose doctrines he re-
pudiates, is a perishable piece of parchment in the
shape of a title deed—a security which has been found
insufficient to prevent a large proportion of the chapels
which once belonged to the orthodox dissenters from
falling Into tile hands of Unitarians. But hoW differ-
ently circumstanced are the members of an established
church, with an acknowledged ritual, embodying a
course of scriptural instruction—with a constitution
based upon the soundest and wisest policy— with arti-
cles of faith imposing a universal obligation upon its
ministers—and with endowments which can never be
appropriated to the maintenance of heterodox teaching !
It is impossible to contemplate these advantages with-
out feeling an increased attachment to the established
churches of Great Britain and Ireland, which have so
long stood as effectual barriers against the encroach-
ments of Popery--which have so long secured us
against the inroads of infidelity—and which have so
long preserved, unmutilated and uncorrupted, that
sacred deposite, the infallible Word of God. Who
would not exclaim, in reference to the established
church of England, •‘Estoperpetua ?"
Perhaps we shall not be deemed guilty of presump-
tion if we should invite our contemporaries, both me-
tropolitan and provincial, to give the subject of this
article their consideration. They may be influential
in bringing similar cases to that of Risley Chapel be-
fore the notice of the public.

ST. GEORGE'S HALL.—We are glad to find that the
proprietors of this spirited undertaking are deter-
mined to carry their plans into immediate execution.
They have already made a call of £5 per share, which
will enable them at once to prOceed with the work.
We trust that this call will be promptly and cordially
responded to, and that Liverpool will soon have a
public edifice worthy of her rank as the second com-
mercial city in the kingdom. We feel assured that

the stigma, which the absence of such a building has
so long cast upon the town, will be very speedily
removed. Nothing, we are convinced, has been
wanting to remove this stigma but an adequate im-
pulse to the public spirit of the inhabitants ; and this
impulse has happily been supplied by the committee
for the erection of St. George's Hall.
