TH LIVERPOC)I,

TO Nat' -T N. ES. 4.-„uNITE nim,:s ut ki:ElE:o4,
-c....w.ustx NJ, ,egs-p.l.siqtv.isi,tte ttrari4o,cul his Atti, .014\4•514.11i 'VY situate in ine
10 brother ThoinaS commenced their Nair at the cor7ter of tug Parishes of St. Agnes and
Post-otfice-place, in 1827; in 1829 they DTssulved Partnership, Capital, £12,5U0, to Oue Thousand S res of Ell 2 1(1. each-
-and, in the articles of Dissolution, J. C. W. agreed not to carry paid up—on the Cost Book plan, and no further tia:ohties
on business iu LiverpOol whilst his brother continued to do so. whatever
The Gentleman who is the present proprietor of the Bazaar
opposite, previously to purchasing that valuable and extensive
Establishment, was informed, by its former Proprietor; of John
C. Woollield's intention of again setting up in Liverpool, and
that he was at liberty to attempt to establish himself, that at-
tempt, J. C. W. is happy to say, he has convertetinto a reality,
but he trusts the public will not consider him premature in
formingian Establishment here, tven they are informed that he
bas waited Nine Years for the privilege out of respect to the
conditions of the articles of dissolutir as well as the respect he
had towards his brother, Thom Voolfield, who, being the
Proprietor of the Premises or tied as the Bazaar, could not
act •‘ so contrary to his princip es of right towards his successor,"
and tnost especially so towards himself, as to have any interest
in the new concern established at
GLASGOW 1-LOUSE, No. 39, CHNICII-mTRF,ET,
BY JOHN C. WOOLFIELD,

DIRECTORS.

Thos. Teague, Esq. Redruth I Win. Layeock, Esq., Liverpoiii,

TRUSTEE AND TREASURER,
Edmund Turner, Esq., M.P., Truro.
BANKERS,
The Western District Bank, Truro.
The BOrongh Bank, Liverpool.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the Scrip for th,
Shares in this Association are now ready for delivery at the re-
spective Banks, as above. ,
Application for the few Shares unsold may be made either to
the Banks aforesaid or to I\lr. JOHN ANDERSON, Norwich
Union InSurance Ofßee, Liverpool, with whom are deposited
the plans of the Mines. sales of their duce, and original re-
vepr.o
ports from Captain W. Ric r , of Great Wheal,'Fortune,
and other Mines, Captains La „don and Pearce, of the United
Hills, Captain T. Tippett, .oi Wheal Banns, Captain W.
(Thomas, of North Tuwan, as well as from others who have
lately inspected the workings; together with the Bankers'
correspondence in-proof that the parties who have thrown open
this adventure and corvrtNuE. CONNECTED therewith are of
responsibility, and entitled to confidence,

MANUFACTURER OF
WRITING DESKS, DRESSING CASES.
LADIES' WORK AND TOILET BOXES, CABINETS,
TEA CHESTS AND TEA CADDIES. -
SHEFFIELD PLATED WARES, Plated on Steel, and
German Silver Articles.
OIL and GAS LAMPS, BRONZES, INKSTANDS.
JAPANNED and PAPIER MACHE • TRAYS, and a
variety of FANCY ARTICLES.
Military, Club, and Livery Buttons made to order.

JOHN ANDERSON, Secretary, Liverpool

.v- ,`,

P .

perfectly innocent, and to find that the confidence of those
whom he has treated with kindness and indulgence has
been alienated from lin» by the slanderous misrepresen-
tations of itinerating, demagogues ?
In perusing the various speeches deliveied at the anti-
slavery meetings we might imagine, unless previously
informed of the contrary, that no change whatever had
taken place in the condition of the slave,--that hischains
were still as closely drawn around him as ever—that he
was still doomed to the prospect of an interminable
bondage—and that-the British Parliament had never in-
terfered by any enactment on his behalf. But what is
the fact? Slavery is actually abolished ! There is now
no such thing as slavery in any of the British colonies;
The negroes are all emancipated, and_ only placed in a
state of transition for their own good. It would he as
absurd to call this state of transition a state of slavery as
it would be fur any one to designate the stipulated ser-
vitnde of an English apprentice as a condition of bond-
age. But it will be said, that the negro has been invo-
luntarily bound as an apprentice-,he was no party to
the agreement which binds him. No more is an appren-
tice boy in Great Britain. His parents render his servi-
tude compulsory. The government of this country has
done the same in reference to- the negroes. arc,
therefore, bound to say that it is improper to Call Stith
meetings as that of Friday last "anti slavery" meetings-
They are properly anti-apprenticeship meetings, and tl e
promoters of such meetings are not one whit better em-
ployed than if they convened a seriei of public meetings
for the purpose of compelling every Master in England
to give up the indentures of has apprentices before the
latter had fulfilled the respective periods of their servi-
tude. • It would be just as rational and just as'appropri-
ote to call the Tatter a " righteous cause" as to apply
such a designation to the ant i•negro.apprenticeship sys-
tem. It is absolute nonsense to say tlrat we have a right
to demand the immediate release of the negro.from the
control of the master because the tatter has neglected to
fulfil the conditions of the deed of indenture. Such a
plea would certainly be admitted in a court of justice as
between master and apprentice, but not if the parents,
the contracting pat ties, were cognisant of, and gave their
approbation to, any deviation from the strict terms of the
original agreement. Such, is precisely the case of the
negro. • The government of this country , acting thepart
of a parent towards the negro, has sanctioned all the de-
viations which may have been observed in the conduct
of the planters from the strict terms of the emancipation
act. No one has, therefore, any. right to require from
the planters the surrender of their claims upon -the la-
bour of their apprentices,
It may be, and has been, alleged on the part of the
anti •slavery agitators, that it was an act of injustice to-
wards the negroes, and unnecessary in itself, to compel
the slaves to pass through a state of transition. It is
contended that they ought to have been' completely
emancipated at once. We have already said that they
have been freed from their state of bondage, and we
maintain that it is for their own benefit that they should
be 'subjected to the intermediate state of apprenticeship,
as a preparatory step to the assumptimr of all the rights
of citizenship. We are fortified in this opinion by the
recollection of the sad results which attended the uncon-
ditional and premature emancipation of the negroes in
that flourishing island, St. Domingo, " whose exports,"
to use the words of an intelligent correspondent of the
Standard, "at one pet iod were equal to the whole Bri-
tish colonies united, but which at the present day is not
.only unable to supply the wants of other countries, but
is reduced to the necessity of importing the staple article
of sugar, g which, with common industry, has been
indi-
genous to the soil,' for its own consumption." The
same writer, in tracing this unfortunate change to its
source, remarks, " I maintain that this great retrograde
movement in the prosperity of St. Domingo arose en-
tirely from the effects of freedom acquired prematurely
before society thieve was in a fit state to be able to appre-
elate so great a blessing, and to apply its industry to•
promote and uphold the general good. The revolution
which they effected for themselves, although they raised
their independence as a state, has tended to degrade and
place them on a scale of misery and poverty as abject as
their condition is irretrievable. And yet," he pioceeds,
" with this sad example before us, Britain is asked by
the wild theorists of the present day, not only to risk the
freedom and moral welfare of the Britiah negro, and 'the
property of the planter and the EngliSh niorchant , but
the very existence of our colonial possessions—' the firm-
est support of British power'—is threatened and in dan-
ger from the machinations of a reckless Class, who hesi-
tate not to force on our notice their philanthropic, but
Mistaken and erroneous policy, at the expense and sacri-
fice of justice and the experience we have derived frcm
other states."

I t nlav
flare vperhaps, be urged that such direful conse-
quences e not uniformly characterized the sudden
transition from a state of slavery to a condition of perfect
freedom and independence. The example of Antigua
may possibly be brought forward as an instance in which
the Negroes have proved their capacity for the enjoy-
ment of such a change with credit to themselves and
safety to our colonial possessions. We deny the rele-
vancy of such an argument. The slaves who obtained a
sudden manumission in Antigua and elsewhere did not
need the restraint of the intermediate state of apprentice-
ship. They have been long since prepared for the change
which has taken place in their' condition. They had
received a religious education—the best possible prepar-
ation for the enjoyment of freedom. They were, more-
over, less under the influence of those passions which
have been engendered among the Negroes of Jamaica
and other colonies by the injudicious interference of
itinerant philanthropists.

• It is a singular fact that almost all the agitation which
has arisen on the subject of the abolition of the Negro
Apprenticeship system has owed its origin to the partial
and interested reports of some half dozen individuals,
whose evidence must be considered as invalidated by
their strong and insuperable prejudices against the
planters. That our readers may know how to appreciate
this evidence we shall just examine the mode of proceed-
ore adopted by Mr. Scoble, one of the speakers who--
figured in the meeting at the Amphitheatre. Of this -
gentleman it is almost sufficient to say, in order to show -
the value °Oils testimony, that he went out to Demerara .
in the capacity of "Secretary of the British Society for
abolition throughout the world." So he styles himself
in a letter which we find in the Guiana Chronicle or'
October 13th, 1837, addressed to the "Committee of the •
American ANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY." In the letter to
which we refer he says that he went to British Guiana.,
"for the express purpose of forming an opinion on the
condition of 'the Negroes under the apprenticeship sys-
tem." We do not know who or what Mr. Scoble is in
his private- capacity. We do know, however, that he
utters rank nonsense when he says that he went out to
Demerara,." to forth an opinion" on the working of the-
Emancipation Act. He went there with his opinion,
already made up 'on the Subject. He went there for the,
purpose of fishing for evidence corroborative of his
conceivedpre-
opinions. But while we are treating of Mr-
Scoble we cannot resist the temptation to transfer the
following portrait from the Guiana Chronicle,.
Mr. Scoble says in the commencement of his letter, that, on
his arrival here, he was attacked by the Press, and designated
as "the Aldennanbury Spy" and the "arch enemy of the co-
lony." And what else, we would ask this gentlemen or his
friends was he, or has he since proved himself to be ? Did he
not come here as the paid envoy of a faction, whose avowed ob-
ject was to induce the British government to break a solemn
compact by abolishing the apprenticeship; —and, when here,
did he not prowl about the colony everywhere sowing sedition,
and everywhere infusing disaffected principles in the minds of
the negroes ? Did be not visit, and receive the visits of, the
apprentices by stealth at.night, and then inculcate doctrines
subversive of peace, and tending to nothing but discontent and
ditorder? Did he not, we repeat, do all this—and then we ask,
are not the terms, unsavoury as they may be, of " hired spy,
and enemy to the colony," well deserved and fairly earned.
_ _ _

TUESDAY MORNING, APRIL 24, 1838.

The Publication of the STANDARD commenced this morn-
ing at 6 o'clock.

THE ANTI-SLAVERY MEETING.—It will be seen that
the advocates of "immediate emancipation" held ano-
ther meeting in this town on Friday last. We have
given in another column a brief report of the proceed-
ings. Before we proceed to-offer any remarks upon the
speeches delivered op this occasion, we must express our
deep sorrow at the frequent agitation of this question.
The discussions which have recently taken place in refe-
rence to the determination of the apprenticeship system
in August next are calculated to produce the most alarm-
ino. effects. . The violent language so often indulged in
by most of the speakers cannot fail to create a spirit of
insubordination among the negroes. The stimulating
expressionsmttmed at these anti-slavery meetings will
be carefully retailed to the negroesthemselvesby parties
who are interested in exciting a spirit of disaffection
among them. The denounced planters also will, in all
probability, be tempted to measures of 'a retaliatoty na-
ture, and thus the very conSequencek deprecated by the
anti-slavery agitators may be brought upon the objects
Of their apparent Sympathy. We do not hesitate to say
• that much of the ieal sUfferings of the apprentices is
owing to the injudicionS and ignorant zeal manifested by
those who assume the popular character or" the negroes'
friends," and that they are answerable for many of the
evilS Upon which so Much eloquent declamation is wast-
ed., What is more likely to make the negro discon-
tented with his present lot, which few will say is not
much better than that of the English labourer, than to be
constantly told that his master is a tyrant, and that he is
entitled to his freedom in consequence of the non-fulfil-
ment of certain' conditions on the part of his owner?
IWhat, again, is more likely to tempt the master to re-
i sort to measures of cruelty than to have unjustly im-.
.
I pitted to him attocitles of lNitieli he feels hint;elf to be

Mr. Scoble, however, has indulged in a little of the tra-
veller's licence," in saying that his person was threatened in
this colony—this is a gratuitous Falsehood, uttered in the cant-
ing. whim so fashionable with his party, which cannot fail to
make a hero of him in Alderuaanbury all the rest of his days;—
and therefore his end being so far gained, he cared little for the
truth of the assertion.

In describing the horrors of the apprenticeship system, Mr.
Scoble says that " labour is compulsory now as ever ; the only.

,tuerence bPlllq that where as forwerly the cart-whip, the chains,
end the stocks were the implements used to extort it, the cat.
the trea-dtnill, and the dark cell, have been substituted, and in
the bands of the special justices, are found equally efficaciousin
securing, that object." Fellow-colonists of British Guiaha, we
we will notattempt to draw the picture of such a vile calumniator
as this, but we will rather present you with that drawn of him
by the government_ print of this colony. Mr. Scoble, says the
`Gazette,' is a man whose character is "of the most dignified
and unexceptionable stamp"—he is one "whose philanthropic
exertions in the cause of injured humanity, have made him an
object of veneration," &c. &c. Sneh are the lineaments of Mr.
John Scoble as drawn by the Gazette'—we leave our readers
to detect the likeness to the original where they can find it.
But, Mr. Scoble's principl charge against the West India ns
—a charge too in which he includes the special justices—is,that
the labour the special justices exact by such means as the law
allows is compulsor The labour of the apprentice, to a de-
fined extent, is the operty of his employer as much is as Mr.
Scoble's hat or coat. The magistrate, in assuming office here,
swears to act with justice and impartiality to all parties, if,
Therefore, the negro refuses to male the rendering of that labour
"'compulsory." If the food and clothing of a negro are illegally
°Withheld, the magistrate never fails to matte 'FA'. being ren-
dered "compulsory," win• then is he not to act with equal ho-
nesty to the other party ?
In one part of the letter to which we have alluded as
emanating from Mr. Scoble, we find the following extra-
ordinary language—" the Governor of this splendid
appendage of the British Crown—Sir James Carmichael
Smyth—has distinguished himself by the vigilance with
which he has, generally speaking, watched over the
rights .of the apprenticed labourers, and the humanity he
has emieavoured to infuse into the administration of the
new laws. -Hitherto, however, the demon spirit of sla-
very has proved too strong even for him: and all that lie
. has been enabled to do has been to curb its excesses and
to restrain its fury." Now; our readers will remember
reading in the STANDARD a short time since a dispatch
from the late respected Governor of British Guiana, in
which he strongly deprecates the interference of the
British legislature. with the Apprentices lip system, and
in which he represents that system as working to his
perfeet.satisfaction. Whose testimony shall we receive,
that of Mr. Scoble or that of the Governor ? Who had
the best. means of " forming an opinion," the one who
had only the advantage of a few days' sojourn as a spy
in Demerara or the one that had the benefit of •a pro-
tracted residence as the supreme administrator of the
law ? Which is the more competent witness ?
We must distinctly repeat our assertion that all the
charges brought against the West Indian planters and
• colonial legislatures rest upon the unupported, partial,
prejudiced, and self-contradictory evidence of Messrs.
&urge, Lloyd, Palmer, Scoble, and Co., who were each
and all more or less interested in making out a strong
casein favour of the Negroes. It is scarcely neces;ary
for us to add that these poor enthusiasts derived 'almost
all their information respecting the working of the Negro
,Apprenticeship system from disaffected, idle, and menda-
cious riegroes„ and from characters whose testimony
would be at once rejected in a British court of justice.
It is really too much that the feelings of the British. peo-
ple shouldhe excited upon 'such very insufficient grounds.
It is too aurch..that their sympathy should be so power-..
folly awakened -by the recital of purely imaginary
grievances ,

THE WRECK OP TFIE ATIIABASKA.—This melancholy oc-
currence, by which thirteen individuals have met a watery
rave, utmost close to Liverpool. is exciting much interest and
inquiry in the town; for it has been broadly asserted, that if
fitting. exertions had been made, the lives of the unfortunate
trew might have been saved. We have been induced to make
some inquiries on the subject amongst parties well qualified to
Iform a correct judgment upon it, and we have also closely ex-
emitted the report of Captain Denham, and the published copy
.of his chart, and we must confess that our firm conviction is,
that the lives of those thirteen men might, and ought to have
been saved. We will just inquire what are the facts, and then
leave our readers to judge, whether gross pusillanimity, and a
taking of impossibilities, without a proving of them, have not
characterised the conduct of the life-boat clews and their di-
rectors; and whether a disgraceful callousness to the sufferings
of thirteen of their fellow-creatures does not attach to those in
'authority in Liverpool who ought to have exerted themselves
for their preservation, but who coolly satisfied themselves with
looking on, and talking of the impossibility of exertion. Cap-
tain Denham, in his report, after stating that the Point of Air
"-boat had succeeded in reaching the inner margin of the
West Hoyle Bank, on the outer or weather side of which the
Athabaska was wrecked, proceeds to talk of the impossibility Of
hauling the boat over half a mile of sand, and then launching
it on the other side, and states that the only chance 'was to force
the life-boat throufril Ih. •.tt.r.atenetl" instant
deStruction as soon as the tide had risen sufficiently over the bank.
We have-examined the map to see how this statement is borne
out, and we find that the Point of Air life-boat reached the
bank, which is high and dry, at the inner side. The mind being
dead on the bank from the north-west, it would act as a weather
guard to the life-boat in its then position.
,We therefore cannot
see the impossibility of hauling the bo:',,t along the sank side un-
der the wind to the gutter to the north of l'ipeclay Gutter, in
Which there was no surf to speak of, through that gutter to th
weather side of the bank, and then along, close in shore,
through the surf opposite to the 'wreck, which, not being three
hundred yards out, "we laugh at the impossibility" of a
stout and courageous crew not forcing a boat, that would live
through any surf, far that distance. But no; this was
never tried. It was impossible! and the crew of the life-boat
contented themselves with landing on the bank, running across
it to the edge of the surf on the other side, and "watching" the
Pont. wretches in the rigging of the wreck, to see if any of them
should be shaken offend cast ashore. And there they " watched'
till the tide rose and covered the bank and overwhelmed the
ship, and theta the gallant life-boats' crew retired to their boat
end returned, satisfied that they had clone all that was "possi-
Qe." Neither do we conceive the impossibility of towing the•
llolake life boat through Pipe-clay Gutter, and along the
+Margin of the surf, on the weather side, to the wreck. A com-
lnon hauling line and three or four tri•en,On West Hoyle Bank,
'we imagine, would have found it possible enough. But we have
41ast- reached West Hoyle, and have the life boats' crew standing
ttt the edge of thestirf, wit hin3oo yards-of the wreck, " watching
jt:' Where were the rockets for eastiav: a line across the
wreck, and thus funning a eornmunicatior, between the bank
and the wreck, which they ought to Aare had. Was there any
impossibility in casting a line-300 yards, in the teeth of the
wind ? Lieutenaut,Carte, of Hull, who visited Liverpool six
months ago to exhibit his line rookets,yroyed that there was no
difficulty in casting alineu much further distance in the teeth
Or any gale. Then why was the life boat unprovided with so
essential a-requisite ? late leave those who aught to look after
the efficient fitting out of .the life boat establishment to answer
tineVestion. Had the Point of Air boat been, as it ought to
aVe-been; furnished with line rockets, we do not hesitate to
"`Mate that every life might have been saved from the wreck.
'The responsibility-then lies or. those whose neglect did not,
-'Provide theta.

Captain Denman, in the next place, notices the suggestion
Made at Liverpool to tow the magazine life-boat out by means
of a steamer, to the weather side of West Hoyle, and then let
her drop with the wind on to the wreck. He then proceeds in
R strain, which,' to the merest tyro of a sailor, must appear oh-
. surd; to talk Of "the unreasonableness of expecting any boat to
stand the breaching of sea which the weather side of West
Hoyle Bank presents in. a gale, and which was overwhelming
ship of 400,tons, or of thinking she could exist in a towing
Process over a furious sea of 15 miles." Again we have the
'talk of " impossibility," 'without any proof. To the question
()T unreasonableness in expecting a boat to stand a sea which
was.-overwhelmning a ship, we answer—the ship opposed a
' firm resistance to the waves, being aground, and therefore they
dashed over her; a life-boat would float on their sur ace, and
Therefore would not be "overwhelmed." To the second
Point, we answer—that if a life-boat will not stand towing
'through a furious sea of fifteen miles•she is unworthy the
t,natrie of a life -boat : or if this were so great a difficulty
"'hy not at once have carried the life-boat on the deck of the
steamer. Captain Denham then assumes that even the tow-
ing of the life-boat could not he accomplished because the
bublin Steam Company would not allow one of their steamers
14 go. Why ask them at all for a steamer after the offer of
Captain Chappell to lend the mail-boat for the service ? And
I‘.llY waste time with making pecuniary offers for other steamers,
when the government steamer was offered to them ? And why

l'ot at one; have availed themselves of that offer and tried the

• Dossibility or not of towing the boat? But no; those who
"(Oat to have acted satisfied. themselves with lathing of:.the
julPossibilitv " of the attempt, the possibility of which they
"'et' es.saved to prove. .To the diSgrace of the authorities of
Iverpool be it said, that it was known in the town so early as
nine O'clock on Tuesday morning that thirteen of their fellow
creatures were in the rigging of a wreck within a • few miles of
the town, expecting every moment to be their.last, and yet not
ape single effort beyond mere talk, was made to attempt their
r""e; but the poor creatures were callously left, suspended
between life and death, till three or four o'clock in the day,
when death put an end to their sufferings. Captain Denham
talks of the sending of a life-boat to the weather side of the bank,
ilisttequivalent to sending the crew to instant destruction.; n hilst a.
le below he speaks of the crew-of the Swan sloop saving them-
„,` -sin their own boat, "because they had to run to leeward !''
v, would not that lie the exact situation of the life-boat if it
t0.?1,t1 'out It wotil.d..t hen. only, have to g,a with the

PUBLIC DINNER

OF THE
LIVERPOOL TRADESMEN'S ASSOCIATION

SIR FRANCIS BURDETT, BART.

sented to the• association by the ladies of the ward. Beyond

these werp,tctio old royal standard fl:►ys, having inscribed, in
gold letters at the bottom, the majorities of Lord Francis Eger_

ton and the Hon. Richard Bootle Wilbraham at the late elec-
tion for SOuth Lanefishire. Over the entrance of the room were
'flags bearing the, inscriptions, in .gold letters, " Sandon and
Cresswell for ever !" I,`Church.and Queen," " Lords and Com-
mons," &c. At the opposite end of the room
-were the flags of
the Conservative Operative Associationi 'St.. Peter's Ward
Conservative Association, &c.: Opposite To the chair was the
magnificect flag of the Tradesmen's Conservative Association;
bearing the inscription,- in geld letters, " Our free and glorious
constitution, Church and Queen, Lords and Commons." To
the right and left of this were the splendid flags of the South
Lancashire Association and the. old royal standard. The flags
of the Pilots' Conservative AsSociation, and other flags, decor-
ated the room elsewhere. The principal table was most ele-
gantly and magnificently set; out with a complete service of
plate in solid silver. 'A number of superb and costly ornaments
were also on the table: these Were decorated with rare flowers,
and some of them bore plates. of strawberries and cherries, the
first of the season • The whole arrangement and getting up of
'the dinner reflected the highest credit upon Mr. Horne, the
celebrated caterer. Samuel Holme, Esq., the president of the
Tradesmen's Conservative Association, occupied the chair, and
Joseph Cooper and William Wilkinson, Esqrs. acted as Vice-
chairmen. To the right of. the chairman sat Sir Francis Bur-
dett, M.l'.; Sir George Sinclair, M.P.; C. Lawrence, Esq.;
William Garnett, jun., Esq.; Robertson Gladstone, Esq.;
Thotims Sands, Esq.; Benjamin Sadler, ^sq ; John Shand,
Esq.; Thos. Berry Horsfall, Esq ; J. N. Wood, Esq.; and
'l'. M. Gladstone, Esq. To the chairman's left sat Lord Maid-
stone, M.P., Lord Sandon, M.P.; William Garnett, Esq.;
Rev. Jonathan Brookes; Duncan Gibb, Esq.; T. S. Leigh, Esq.;
George Grant, Esq.; John Moss, Esq. ; Todd Naylor, Esq. ;
A. Smith, jun., Esq.; 0. H. Lawrence; ESq:; J. A. Tinne,
Esq.; F. Glazebrook, Esq.; and - Hall, Esq., Of Warring-1
ton. In various parts of the room were sat other influentia
individuals of the town. Very excellent accommodation was
provided for the " gentlemen of the press," the representatives
of the great public out of doors, for witch we, on our part, have
to tender our thanks to the committee of management.
The dinner was announced to be on the table punctually at
six o'clock. and was so in reality ; as a banquet, we have seldom
been at one where everything was better served and inure ex-
cellent. The dinner was first-rate, and served hot : and the
wines were excellent.

The well-known glee-club singers, under Mr. Holden, were
in attendance, and over the entrance a band of music was sta•
tioned.

The room was very brilliantly lighted with gas.
About a qitarter past seven o'clock, the cioth having been
withdrawn, ".:ion Nobis Domino" was sung, and

The Cfl A IRMAN proceeded to give the first toast. He said,
the first pleasing auty which devolves upon me is to call upon.
you to display your regard for our youthful and interesting
sovereign, I trust she may be long spared to reign over a con-
tented and happy people. And as the most glorious epochs of
British history are connected with female reigns, I allude to the
reigns of Elizabeth and Anne, may those brilliant epochs be
surpassed by the reign of Victoria. (Cheers.) I trust that our
young and interesting Queen will never forget the Protestant
principles which placed-her ancestors on the throne (cheers)
of these realms—principles which alone can render that throne
secure. (Continued cheering.) 1 beg, therefore, to propose to
you " the health of 'the Queen," and in this country we usually
drink it as " the Queen, the- Duchess of Lancaster." The
toast was drank with three times three.

Glee—" God save the Queen," which was loUdly cheered at
its political allusions.

The CHAIRMAN.—f beg now to propose to you the health of
another distinguished lady, not more illustrious in private life
than she was when she grasped the sceptre and sat upon the
throne. I beg to give you ",The health of her Majesty the
Queen Dowager," and with it I will couple "the rest of the
10%4 Family." The toast was given with three times three.
Glee.—" My dear mistress."
The CUArrimAN said, the next toast upon my list is one which
I always give with peculiar pleasure, because it is invariably
greeted with your heartiest applause. It is "The British Con-
stitution in Church and State." (Great cheering.) That con-
stitution, gentlemen, had need be strong to have withstood the
nostrums of political quacks which have of late been administered
to it. But it is strong because it is founded on the affections of
the people,_ who feel that their interests are identified with it.
(Hear.) That constitution may have to sustain reiterated at-
tacks, but I feel satisfied that those attacks will fail, if only the
middle classes continue in conjunction with the higher classes,
and the operatives go hand in hand to suppOrt it. (Cheers.)
One of the main bulwarks of our constitution is our established
church; and I for one contend that the state is more benefited
from its connexion with the church than the church is benefited
by its connexion with 4he state; and I contend that the church
would exist as an apostolic and episcopal church if it were not
connected with the state. (Cheers.) • And. I likewise contend
that the state would- soon be in a galloping consumption if it
were not for the moral influence exerted by the church. ( Hear.)
If religion be good for an individual,• and for a family, and fur
a community, why is it not good for a state? And if the
monardity of a country is to. be considered as in the light
of a great family, it has this duty to provide for the reli-
gious wants of that vast family, and more especially for the
wants of those who are too poor to provide it for themselves,
Far be it from me to say anything in disparagement of the tem-
ples raised by our dissenting brethren—far he it from me to run
down the voluntary system, I wish we had more of it in the
Church of England as an auxiliary; but I can never consent to
it as a substitute. But when 1 find such an appalling fact as I
openly promulgate here, that there are 63.000. persons in Liver-
pool and more than 80,600 in Manchester destitute of accom-
modation for religious worship, what has the voluntary system
done for them ? I say then-gentlemen that to abandon a cer-
tainty for an uncertainty, or to trust anything to chance in so
momentous a concern is nothing less than the greatest absurdity,
I believe the State cannot securely exist without being connected
with a s,:riptural church, and I trust that the Church instead of
being dissevered from it will be indissolubly connected with it.
['therefore beg with these few remarks to propose to you, "the
British constitution in Church and State.' • -The toast was
given with three times three cheers. The musical bells here
struck up with a very pleasing and novel effect "hark the mei iy
Christ Chuich which' was loudly applauded.
GLEE.—" Hail smiling morn." •

The CHAIRMAN said,'l now beg to nropose to you a portion
of the most valuable class of men in her majesty's dominions,
and who, humanly speaking, hold in their hands the destinies
of this empire; for, if they be faithful to their trust, the lamp
which. contains the sacred flame of truth, will burn without
flickering, and infidelity will not be able to quench rt. (Cheers.)
Need I say I allude to the Bishop and clergy. of this diocese.
(Great cheering.) And if anydring. gentlemen, were wanting
to enhance the pleasure that I feel in giving it, it is to see on
my left hand, our respected—our excellent rector. (Continued
cheering.)
The Rev. Rector Brooks theft rose amidst the most
enthusiastic cheering. He said.—Mr. CHAIRMAN and gentle-
men; it is well known, I am sure, that, holding the situation
which I' have the honour to fill in this town, it has not been in
my general hilits to mix myself up with political discussions.
Not because I am not aware of the importance of the subject;
not because I think it unbecoming the profession of which 1
have the honour to he a member, to maintain manfully those
principles which they think most conducive to the best inter-
ests of the constitution of their country ; but because I:would
leave it to abler hands, and to those to whose more peculiar
province it belonged. (Hear.) I shall endeavour, sir, in the
few observations that I have to make, in acknowledginv, the
toast; which you have had the kindness to give tram the choir,
to keep as clear as L can from the asperity of anything like
party, and to direct those observations more particularly
to the circumstances connected with the church to which we
belong. But before Ido so. 1 would offer the best acknowledg-
ments on the part of the bishops and the clergy, not only foft he
toast which you have given, but for the sentiments with which
you have been pleased to accompany it. and to those around me,
for, I may say, the enthusiastic manner in which they have
heeo pleased to give it. Sir, the forni in which that toast is
given, irpecnliarly adapted to the constitution of our thurch
for in the expression of the bishop and clergy is implied the.
gradation of ranks. (Hear.) Now, sir, religion is important
to all ;• it was intended for all, it is required by all. 'Whatever
situat lona man may fill in life, it is the only safeguard which can
lead him to the faithful discharge of his duties. (Hear.) It ought
then to be brought. home to the business, and to the bosoms
of all; and how can that be better done than by adepting the
dations of its ministry to the gradations of society ? (hear)
riv supplying men who are fitted to carry its holy influences
into the palaces of the rich as Well as the cottages of the poor,
(hear, hear,) who shall check the presumption the one,

win d an l the sn•rf, and run to letvard; and surely any life-
boat is as fit to ride through a surf as a stoup's• boat! Captain
Denham vouches-for the efficiency•of the life-boats.- \Vhy'not
have tried this plan then? If the I'.lagazine life-boat had been
towed out, we r:artsee no imprissibility of its drifting 1:11 to the
wreck, and taking off the crew; and if it had been found im-
possible to get the life-boat through the surf on its return, it
could have drifted on to Hoyle Bank, and there all the crew
and the shipwrecked sailors might have landed, gone across the
bank to the Point of Air life-boat which had reached the
other side, and thus babe escaped. We cannot see the impos-
sibility of this if there had been any well concerted arrange-
ment, and there was time enough in all conscience for it. But
no; it was "impossible," and the attempt was never made.
May the proper authorities, however, gather some experience
from this melancholy event, and for the future have provision
ready fur every similar emergency. Let us hear no more of
life-boat stations without line rockets; and, for the honour of
manhood, and of Englishmen, let us hear no more of untried
" impossibilities."

Last evening a splendid banquet was given by the Liverpool
Tradesmen's Conservative Association, in honour of the now
tried friend cl real' conservatism, Sir Francis Burdett, at the
large room in Lucas's Repository. We shall endeavour, as
briefly as possible, jo give a description of the dinner-room and
its arrangements. The room is of an oblong square of consider-
able length. A table was set doWn the whole length of one side,
which, towards the centre, was slightly raised. This raised
table was the principal one, at which sat the chairman and in-
vited guests. To this table, at right angles across the room,
were placed twelve shorter tables,.each capable Of comfortably
seating 40 persons: these, with the long table, thus afforded
ample accommodation for 500 persons, the number dining. At
the centre of the principal table was placed the chairman's seat,
in front of which, resting on the table, was a mass and ele-
gant gilt triumphal arch, surmounted by a gre,at nutn her of
diminutive satin flags, bearing a variety of inscriptions in gold
letters. The chair was surmounted by the crest of Samuel
olme, Esq., the president of the Association, and to the right
and left of this were the beautiful silk flags of the St. Anne-
street Ward Conservative Association, one of which was pre-

which would place too strong a re!ian•ce on earthly distinCtions, by
telling them that they h ive it master ,in heaven, and by cheer-
int; those in the other rank, vreose lot in fallen upon the rough
paths of life,' with :he cheering prospect of that future state
where those distinctions shall cease for ever to exist. ( Hear.)
Sir, if t hese were thtt only reasons—the only grounds Upon which
the constitution of our chinch did rest, in my apprehension, they
would be powerful ones. But we have still a higher authority
which would lead to the adoption of that constitution in the writ-
ten word of Gad, for, (E paSs over the first dispensation, -in which
the gradations of rank were rigidly observed, from the high
priest to the lowest serviture in the temple,) when we come to
the establishment of Christianity, we find, in the organization
of the Christian church, the same orders of men that exist in our
own were there established ton, of bishops, priests, and dea-
cons—( Hear.) Now, Sir, surely, then, a chnich that is found-
ed both upon reason and upon scripture is. worth some efforts
to endeavour to preserve-4 Hear, hear)—and inure especially,
I should'say, as when, in addition to that, it is endeared to us by
so many interesting recollections, and is so intimately connect-
ed with the best sympathies of our nature; for we cannot forget,
Sir, that at its founts our forefathers were first, and forages have
been, dedicated to the service of their Redeemer: at its altars the
most sacred engagements of social life have been contracted ;
and around its hallowed walls their ashes now rest in peace till
they shall be called to a future existence. ( Hear, hear.) Sir,
as a minister of that church, it is a most satisfactory sight to
me to witness that array of respectability and of influence
which I now see around me, associated for the very purpose of
preserving these revered institutions under which this country
has so long and so successfully flourished, and has arrived at
that height of national glory and of moral eminence, which has
been equalled by few and surpassed by none. (Great cheering,
It is gratifying at that period when our church as undoubtedly
made—for we cannot shut our eyes to the fact=the special ob-
ject. of attack; when men' of various shades of opinion in
politics, and professing directly opposite principles in religion,
seem to be joined only for one purpose, to endeavour to pull
down her strong-holds, and to erase her name from the national
records. (Hear, hear.) I say, sir, it is gratifying to see such
a body as this arrayed in her defence,-Coming 'forth to protect
her in the hour of danger, asserting their firth resolve, that in
this respect the laws of England shall not be chvged, that the
altar and the throne shall not be separated from the. constitu-
tion of this country—that the church shall still hold out the
warning voice of her illustrious example 'to all the world in
asserting this.great truth, that religion is the 'only safe tie of
moral duty and civil obligation ; and -that the state which pro-
vides for the temporal, Ind yet neglects to provi le for the spiri-
tual wants'of its subjects, is sadly deficient both in its duties and
in its attention lo its interests. (Great cheering.) Sir, I must
again thank you in expressing ray acknowledgments for the
way in which you have been pleased to notice the clergy of the
diocese, and at the same time to conclude with expressing my
hope and firm conviction that the holy zeal which von and.
others have shown in- our defence, will be met with a corres-
ponding feeling on the part-of the clergy, and that it 'will act tts•
a stimulant to a more faithful discharge of those more respon-
sible duties which they were called upon to fulfil. The Rev.
Rector sat dos n amidst great and general cheering. •
The CHAIRMAN. next proposed "the Army and Navy."
Given with three tittles three.

The CHA 1101 A N after a few preliMinary and appropriate ob-
servations . proposed "the health of Sir Francis Burdett,"
(Great citeering), and if they would permit hiM to reiterate a
former expression, he hoped he would be long spared as a brilli-
ant example of what en English gentleman ought, to be. (Loud
cheers )
Sir Fria Nets Benne= then rose aMidst long continued and
most enthusiastic cheering. - tie said, Gentlemen, it really
is with the most perfect truth and the most. tetal absence of all
affectation, that I declare -to ton I have no language adequate
to express my feelings for the manner in which you have
received me in this great and intellieent town of Liverpoolsor
that can at all convey to you how much I not only feel gratified,
but how I feel encouraged to carry on the warfare which
we are now literally engaged in—(cheers)—with all the enemies
whoever they may be, • or under whatever denomination, or
whatever flag they may choose to mount for the-occasion, against.
the laws, the constitution, the church; and the institutions of,
this country.—(Cheers.) Gentlemen, it is a time when there,
is no room for so narrow a consideration as party polufss: it is
a tune when-men are hound to come forward at all risks and at
all sacrifices, considering one object alone without ally view of
party or private connexion, and with the view only of maintain
lug that glorious constitution which has for so malty hundred
years existed, with more or less imperfections, and under which
this great country has arrived at a pitch of honour, glory, re-
nown, and happiness, to which, I am proud to say, no other
country ever did arrive. (Cheers.) Gentlemen, we shall not
lie persuaded to part with all these real and substantial blessings
for any fanciful notions, and silly and presumtuous theories,
which may be brought forward by self-styled philosophers, whe-
ther with honest or dishonest intentions—( Elear,)—still less
shall we bow or permit the head of England to bow to the miser-
able coalition—that Anse coalition, the most disgraceful that.
this country:ever presented to the eyes of a wondering
and dis-
appointed nation, an administration of England ie ieague with
•
the popish faction in Ireland—(loud cheers)—against the sound
and rational principles of English freedom and of English
religion. Gentlemen, it: has been well and convincingly told
You by your worthy rector, of the insecurity of the voluntary
ss stem ; and that his of the utmost importance to society to have
an establishment. And if we are to have an establishment of
religion as our only moral control—if we are to have what our
forefathers always united together, religion and liberty to go
hand in baud;—religion and liberty and property, which tire
the three grand groundworks of the-English codstitution—;these
we are bound to maintain. We have an administration which
seems to be willing to give up one strong hold after another,
for the sake of temporary convenience, to, palliate itemediate
difficulties, and for the purpose, as I must consider it—they, no
doubt, think it otherwise—they think, very likely, that their
remaining in office is identical with the salvation of the court-.
ry—(lond laughter)—and, nn doe ht, tot that motive, they
sear over their owh consciences, or, at least, as it has been
well said, " nature deceives herself," anti they persuade them-
selves, when they are acting on principles of the most
selfish kind, that they areateting with the most broad and
enlightened intentions, and the' snblimest patriotism. (Con-
tinued cheers.) Gentlemen, I- have before me a number of
enlightened men to whom I can have nothing to tell which they
are tint perfectly aft eady acquainted with. I cannot presume
to think float hey have not weighed this in their minds; at least
as well and with as much consideration as I have—Gentlemen
who, I am sure, have exhibited feelings which I have not the
presumption to attribute to myself alone, but which eta tine to
the principles of the constitution of the country which I support,
and which, Gentlemen, you support, and give-your approbation •
to; therefore I feel that there is little I could have to address •
to you which you have not already well considered—that I need
not attempt, for you do not at all want to have your zeal called
forth in support of those institutions which every -Englishman
will support who loves the institutions of his country. _There-
fore, Gentlemen, it is that I now address you more to express
my own feelings of gratitude to von, oil, at the same time, par-
taking with yott in that firm determination which you
show by your warm reception of me, to support all that
is dear and valuable to our country. (Cheers.) Gentlemen,
to talk of what has been dUne by the present adminis-
tration would indeed be to talk of nothing;—(laughter)—and
what is more, the Only thing that appears clear to tne is,
that they are incapable of doing any thing else. (Continued
laughter.) Gentlemen. I should say to von, if yon were not a set of
enlightened and constitutional Englishmen, attached to alt the
institutions of your country, whirl] you are—if you were any
other description of persons—if yen were any other sort of per-
sons holding different political opinions—were you radicals or
any other class of persons you would choose to name—l should
say to you, were you all radicals, for God's sake let the country
get rid of an administration which isineapahle of doing any
thing. (Cheers.) If there are great scheMes to be carried into
effect, (I speak now to radicals,) if there are great alterations
required in the fundamental institutions of the country—altera-
tions which, as Enelishmen, you think' are required—you may -
be mistaken in your political opinions—but I believe-you feel
that to carry them into effect is for the honour and happiness of
your country—you wish, at least, your projects to be 'carried
into execution, and, therefore, if you do, in God's came, at least,
fill.the government offices with some people who are capable of
carrying those projects into execution. I should, therefore,
say, supposing I was a reformer, not content with the reform
that has been obtained—supposing that we had obtained no
reformation I should say I am against the present administra-
tion because I am reformer, and because they are entirely in-.
capable of constructing'any plan or measure until it has under-
gone the alterations and suggestions, and, in some shape or
'other has been licked into form, as it were, by those opposed
to them in politicS. (Great cheering.) But, gentlemen, we
have nothing to fear in England, I have had the good fortune
and the pleasure, (for I never past a pleasanter time in my
life than I have done within the last fortnight,) to become more
intimately acquainted with the feeleves of the population of this
part of the country. (Great cheering.) Gentlemen, when I
set out upon this tour, upon what my honourable friend Sir
George Sinclair near me, has been pleased to term " our
northern circuit"—when I commenced it I assure you I had
no more idea that I should have been enabled to undergo it
than I have now that 'I should not be enabled to do ten times
asmuch.---(Cheers.)—when I left Isondon, certainly not an
Englishman, nor the ninety-ninth part of an Englishman, but
in a state -of great debility. and against the strong remon-
strances of my physicians-1 set out on this amy determina-
tion of having pledged myself to undertake or to accept an
invitation front a number of persons that I so highly esteemed
—the operatiYe'classes of this city—for the invitations which I
received were from them alone—in the outset no person had any
thing to do with them hot the operatives. I said, let me be
ill or not on the toad, I will do what an Englishman ought to
do—his duty-1 will do the utmost that I can, and if it is plain
and apparent in the eyes of my countrymen that I have done
$O, I know that I shall not only not meet with reproach, but
from them and my country I shall meet with all the generous
enthusiasm with which they greet a man when they see that he
is resolved and determined to do his duty. (Great cheering.)
But, gentlemen, with the blessing of God it turned outothee.
wise. , The. medicine-chest with which I was loaded, I have
never opened. I have done none of the things which the doe-
tors prescribed, and I have the good fortune to find that I have I
got better from day to day; and whether it is that cordial of the
mind, which is administered to thoSe who, under the blessing
of Providence, firmly believe that they are doing what is tight
—(cheers.)—or from whatever other cause, by travelling, or
by the society with which I have mixed—such society as -I ven-
ture to say, in a similar class, is not to be found in any other
country on the face of the earth, I am not able to determine.
(Great cheer g-) I have travelled through the -great mane-
factoring population of the country,
.of whom 1 hail really
entertained different notions, and had no idea of the worth
and intelligence and
the greatest gratification,
good conduct and propriety of those
persons whom I have thus met. To me it has been a matter of
and has raised in me the strongest
hopes that can be entertainer)—nay, the certainty that this great
country will survive every difficulty and storm. My intercourse
with this part of the population has also taught me to put still
further confidence in the good sense and the good hearts. of my
conntrsmen. It has been cheering and gratifying to us that
all over these great manoracturinsr districts we have met with
nothing hut what iS cheering to see, in beholding persons pur-
suing that path of duty—painful as it may be—which it is ne-
cessary for them to adopt. With respect to England we are
safe, and so would it be with regard to Ireland if Ireland was
Ireland—if it were not for Popish priests, misleading bigotted
otherwise well disposed. (Cheers.) But, gentlemen,
aveak point, and that is the diffictilty. It is this on. '
nt
itfi ction-eahis unnatural union—this leaped alliance— '
tphheaiaotst:rt
cilos'etil he
lispiracy of Litchfield House batween popish priests and I
agitators, that: the people of this country have te bear up against.
(Loud cheering, aupi cries of "true.") Then, gentlemen, what I
we" have. to do is to unite hand and heart with our fellow-rotes-
tants in Ireland. I always was in favour of the Emancipation
Act as it was absurdly called, because I thought it not right ;
for the. catholics to be excluded from political rights on ac- i
count of their religion, and because in this conntry we have '
alWays conceded to Dissenters every right and- every privilege
that other men enjOy ; so I thought we should do in fteland ;
and I must say that the liberality of ourchnrch has always been
anxious to tolerate and foster every thing which was not entirely
opposed to it. In Ireland I thoilght such would be the case too;
but I little thought that measure would produce sn little bene-
ficial effect. 1 little thought that the people of Ireland, through
the means of their great agitator, were stating what was re-
quired. And when we reflect on the negotiation which took
place on this sulject, which was to be so gratif‘ing to all, and
was to produce goOd will hnd griod•fellthishipheiween England

and Ireland—when I saw that no sooner was that step.gaind
and g•iven into, not froto the tmllying of
,the Catholics, at they
maintain, 611: from the getterosity-iir the Protestant's of Eng-
t land, in the persossiou that they werc.dealing with bona fide
awl hones; pe,s,iiis, who would rest satisfied with what they
asked far and hail granted to them : it is not the bullying and
er at the Curti Exchange, on Ow oth:tr silo of thi! water,
tt would. have weighed one •feather in forcing the people of
England to make such a concession. But a concession was
► twole to their claims, which was to b., as we tliought, a' full
settlement of the account —way, should rather say, a generous
donation, where nothing was due. •.No sonnet had we seetired
this concession to them thin they say it is not A'na but an in-
___

' Uwouldienve the case to the gond sense of
' leave them tit judge between Mr. O'Connell and ttie,abii4ed
and vilified conservative party in the ',muse of .COmmons.
Gentlemen, I have been delighted with the invitations which
have poured upon Me, to the immlier of foot., to come down
into the northern part of her majesty's dominions, where 1
hail never been before. (Laughter cod great cheering.)
I, only knew you, therilore. by report; but now I know you
from my own observation; and I h tve seen and beard things,
which will do my heart good•for a time to come. (Cheers)
Gentleme6, I know that the whole.of these great demonstra-
tions came originally from the operative conservatives of this
district,—from Leeds to Salford and from Salford to Mau-

stabnent ! We 'cannot deal with people who fill hack in this
way, and talk of instalments, and we should stop at the first. and
never grant another. (Loud cheering.) Butafter all that was
said, what did Mr. Daniel O'Connell think of Ireland ? What
did he think of the miserable et-lest-ridden population—ignorant
and superstitious to a degree of which the people of this country
could not dream or conceive—but I may give a tokrable con-
ception of it when I state, that'. he thinks it necessary to fall
down on his knees before a popish priest ? You may suppoSe
what is the mental supremacy and the dominion of the popish'
priests, when be thinks it necessary to.d'o'soch an act as that, so
humiliating to human nature, to effect his 'base purposes by
their means. But lam for :bring
,justice to Ireland, and I
would hayejnstice done en Mr. O'Connell himself--(tremen-

chester and from Manchester to Liverpool. The whole of the
operatives of this vast district, I am sure, are fast verging to
conservatism,—l any sure that at-this moment there is almost
a majority, and that if there be any election for the next two
years there will be a preponderating majority in favour of con-
servative doctrines in this great district. (Cheers.) Gentle-
men, the radicals seem 'to think that it is2not al:owed us to
exert ourselvits, to combine together, and in short to agitate.
they say, the Birmingham political union's agitation wa
nothing, a11..1W0-`iigitation of thes6 unions was nothing; Mr
O'Connell's hg,itation was nothing. But, gentlemen, we have'
seen the good effects of this agitation, and in order to
counteract the effects of his agitation, we ought ourselves,
though we may not do it willingly, to agitate. We must agitate,

. -
dons cheering ;)—but he has always by some trick or
other evaded it. But when talking of Ireland as he does, and
leaving out of his consideration the Protestants of Ireland--
leaving out the property and the intelligence mid the real im-
portance of Ireland—for L sac that the Protestants of Ireland,
though they Are only a million and a half, and he says the
'Catholics are six millions and a half—hut I say that the one
million and a halt outweigh the six and a half; it is not numbers
alone that weigh but property and independence of mind. If
they were left to themselves the Protestants of Ireland would
retain English connexion, aye, and would teach the Catholics
of Ireland to obey the laws of the country. (Great cheering.)
Henry the Sixth I 'think it was who said to the constable of,
France, before the glorious victory of Agincourt, "your num-
bers are so and so—l have but a small number of persons—we
are dusted and fatigued by marching—we have not a feather in
our host-no trumpery or finery-1 hope we shall not fly; but
I tell the constable that upon one pair of Engltsh legs there
stand three Frenchmen." (Cheers.) I think upon one pair
of Protestant legs walk ten Catholics. (Great cheering and
laughter.) And now,it is Imortifying to see, I believe as brave
a set of men as ever stepped the earth—as honest and true to
England, as glorying to add to England's renown, whoconsider
it their greatest pride to be reckoned as an essential part of
Englarid—to see these persons slighted ,and discouraged in
every way, and to -see the ' Popish priests raising their
insolent heads and insulting Protestantism in that coun-
try excites in me a disgust which I have no language
to describe. But we will not fear the hearts of Protestant
Irishmen, upon whom such atrocities have been committed,•
who are literally now through intimidation and one trick or
another, cheated of the fair representations of the part coming
to their lot; but notwithstanding that, and the proceedings of a
dastardly administration, their hearts are still the same—their
hearts are with us, and depend upon-it; that if things are to
come to extremities, protestant England. protestant Scotland,
and protestant Ireland will never stoop. -(Enthtisiastic•cheer-
ing which drowned the conclusion of the sentence.) Gentlemen,
I have a very. comfortable consolation in my own mind. I think
I have seen enough of the agitator of Ireland, who agitates, it
, seems, whenever his purse is low. (Cheers and laughter.) He
had the honour of being presented at court to our Queen, and
then had the good taste to to a' public meeting and talk of her
majesty as it talking of a foolish woman. He goes to I rerand.;
He finds that won't do. He must talk another language there.
The Irish talk of coming from Carthage. They certainly- are
Tyrians in one-respect—they are double tongued—(cheers)—
and he certainly is Tyrian in one respect, he talks English on
• one side of the channel.and Irish on the other. First we are
told.that our young Queen is to be dragged over there to have
an Irish reception. But whatdid he Say in his very last speech at
the Corn Exchange, Dublin, which by the bye, I think is rather a
paltry concern, though it sounds so great? (Laughter.) He
recommended to their notice a pamphlet, entitled " Reasons of
a Reformer for changing his Opinions with respect to the
Inhabitants and Politics of Ireland," which was calculated to
give information as to Ireland. I trust that it will do good on
that score, because I sin persuaded that it is the natural gene-
rat good teeing of my countrymen, and their love of liberty
that frequently 'lli:leads them. They go on false notions, and
they don't reflect t hat Englishmen have been habituated to these
principlei—that they are rooted in the minds of EngiiShmen,
and were so in the minds of our forefatbem, as far as memory
can retrace; they have been actuated in this country by tbe prin-
ciples of liberty and justice, and that is the distinguishing
characteristic of England. They are liable, therefore, to be
Misled, when thus depending upon principles of that kind which
are dear to their hearts—when the same principles which they
would introduce into Ireland are utterly impracticable, and can
produce nothink but 'mischief instead of the good they would
desire and anticipate. We must, therefore, be upon our guard
But we have only at present one grand duty to perform, which
we are now performing in meeting one another, in understanding
one another, and in being able to rely upon one another in
cases that might arise; then I trust that men of rank and all
ranks in England .would unite in forming one body. It is
absurd to-say twat one`rank is more important than another—
there is no rank in this great country, which is not in
itself, I would say, distinguished, if you would compare it with
ally similar grade in any other country; but taking it altoge-
ther it is a mighty whole one prodigious ()Lidding of civilization
which like our great building and architectural proof of genius
and talent, St.'Paurs, is all in its due order and form, and is
altogether one of the grandest spectacles that the human mind
can contemplate. The hon. Baro'net sat,down amidst great,
cheering, drinking the healths of those assembled.
Song by Mr. Holden, " The Fine Old English Gentleman."
The CHAIRMAN said, the next toast in the list, I am sure, will
not be received with one whit less enthusiasm than any which
have preceded it. It must be a source of regret to all, that the
delicate state of heal n which one of our members ig'placed,
has prevented his attVance among us. I trust I offer no dis-
paragenient to the memories of these distinguisised statesmen,
when I-say in reference to the business of Liverpool, and the
attention whiCh the noble lord on my left has paid to 'it, no mat-
ter from what party—when I say that Liverpool was ..never
Fetter represented. 1 can only offer my congratulations that I
am now going to give the members for Liverpool in the dual
number.
The toast was given with three times three; and one cheer
more.

Lord SaNnotv rose amidst enthusiastic cheering to respond
to the coast. He had perhaps met then in moments of greater
excitement, but he confessed be had never met them with feel-
ings of greater gratification. than on that occasion. The worthy'
Baronet to his right was one of those who felt justified in making,-
considerable changes in the constitution; but when those
changes were made he never .deserted the constitution, and
would attempt no further innovation. (Great:: cheering.)
His confidence was always strong that there 'was always a
large portion of the nation who would always act on simi-
lar sentiments. The worthy had been exposed to obloquy and
persecution, because of his maul y adhesion to his political prin-
ciples. He had thrown himself on .hia country, and had re-
ceived that glorious return which had redounded to his honour.
((;treat cheering.) Ile bail thrown himself upon his own con-
stituency in Westininister, and they by a large majority, had
cov-en their verdict against his opponents. The conservatives
in the HouSe of Commons trete similarly situated. Tney had
thrown themselves upon the country at the last general elec-
tion, and England had raised the conservative minority from
II) to upwards of 300. He believed that -minority would have
been a majority had it not been for the violence, intimidation,
and Corruption of their opponents—violence .such as in Rox-
trurghshire—corruption such as the election of the city of Lon-
(sin exhibited—not of the Members themselves, but of the Re-
form Club—and intimidation such as they had witnessed all
over Ireland. The whigs had prevented investigation into
many of these acts. If the feeling of the country had been left
alone, Scotland, England, and Ireland wou!d have returned a
conservative majority to the ,House. of Commons. They had
been playing the game of the wolf and the lamb. The radical
party had been the first to cry out against the conservatives for
proceedings at elections, and against the 'Spottiswoode con-
spiracy, as it was called. They had done this in the first in-
stance, because there was a conspiracy which they (the conser-
vatives) migltt well complain or—the Coppoek conspiracy which
had been catered into for the purpose of preventing English
members from being on the Irish Eleetion Committees. The'
conservatives had been charged with peijurv. He was not
inclined lightly to charge any man with perjury;. but, at the
same time, if any party had acted from strong bias, the con-
servatives ought to complain of the whig,, for not one Whig
committee had decided in favour of the t. ry party, whilst th ee
tory committees had had the virtue and but.e.l), t., act. contrary
to the interests of their party. As a powerful minority they oc-
cupied a stronger position for the safety of the country, than
they would as a weak majority: He doubted whether, i(at that
moment the conservatives were: in a majority, directing the
measures of the state, whether their influence wrth! .be so
powerful as it now is. He regretted exceedingly, that his learned
colleague, who had delighted the House of . Commons, b-y his
'high, manly, and independent expressions there, was not present
—(the audience here rose and gave three cheers)—tbrough ill
health from his extraordinary exertions. Ile rejoiced to see the
growing spirit of conservatism in Liverpool during.the laSt six
or seven years, until at last it had Secured the entire tepre
sentation of the borough. After expressing the gratification
which he felt at witnessing such an assembly as that, he sat down
with proposing the "Liverpool Tradesmen's Conservative
Association." •
The toast was given with three times three.
Mr. Busncr.r, acknowledged the toast.

,
and I have no doubt that at last we shall combine to an extent
that shall show them such a front that their opposition must at
last fall to the ground. But I would' say of the agitator that
he is combine.' with a ministry that would do anything to keep
themselves in popular estimation, which I am happy to say they
are fast losing,—anything to keep themselves in place and
power. And there was a thought occurred to me the other day
while matting Lord Bacon's Essays, when I chanced upon the
following passage :—Now, says he, it was a very urgent speech
of Themistocles the Athenian when asked at a feast if he could
touch the lute, he replied, no; hut said he could make of a little
city a great state. And the essayist remarks that there ate some
yet, though few, wbocan of a little city make agreat state ; though
there are now many whose great gift seems to lie the other way.
And certainly these degenerate arts deserved very little better
term than fiddling. A aid, gentlemen, I want to know whether
there ever was in a country such en orchestra of fiddlers as the
present ministry? (Cheers and laughter.) I want to know
whether they have any one principle which they can'eall their
compass to guide them by, except it be to Watch the tide of
popular feeling; and to steer their course according to it? Ido
say, for one, I am against having the interests of this city fiddled
away; I won't stanitit for one; and I believe that the city is
now awake to these whigs. and radicals, and I don't know what
else they call themselves, but we are apt to call them destruc-
tives. (Laughter.) Gentlemen at times of great excite-
ment, and we, many of us, have witnessed- those times,
it is useless to argue with these people, you must, all of
you, when a demagogue gets up and talks about liberty, and
the rights of man and all that sort of thing, it is useless to argue
for nobody will listen. The whigs turned out the tories upon alt
sorts of complaints of our want of economy and our tyranny,
and all that sort of thing; besides which, they boasted of their
own liberal opinions in these and a hundred otherthings. But
when in power, I ask you whenever they have acted upon any
one of those things? (" No, no.") You all say `s No;" I be,
lieved it before; but. now you corroborate it, and I feel quite
certain. Well, now, I ask, what is the reason why, as Mi.
Joseph Hume most ruefully declared in the House of Commons
-in short, his pitiful face almost made me cry, (Laughter.)
"How comes it ? There Must be something wrung. We are
diminished from a majorily.of 3UO dean to 200. There must be
something wrong. It shows that our liberal patty here must
be losing ground every day. There 'nest be something wrong
here." Not a bit of it. Mr. Hume; 'it is that this great country,
which you have deluded so long, is at length coining to' Its
senses, and is saying that the party are net the men that—
begging their pardon—they were foots enough to take them for.
Even if Mr. Hume himself, with his application to business—
'for you know he is a man of business—would give to this sub-
ject a business-like investigation, I am sure he would be satisfi-
ed But now the whole city have weighed these ehigs in the
balance and found them wanting. (Hear, hear.) They
made 'professions when other intlividnals were in power:—
" We want to see patronage given to all those wino deserve it
and not, to our friends alone." --(Laughter.) I 'want to know
whether they followed any one of !nose promises, and whether
they have done any one of those things, for making the country
believe we (lid which, they turned us out? The consequence
is, that the country is now coining to its senses, and is conscious.
of the delusion; and they say, " We have weighed the whtgs in
the balance, and have found them wanting." Now there is
another person who professes all those things, and that is Mr.
Daniel O'Connell. (" Hear," and laughter.)' We make each
other a low bow when We meet in the honse, and all other sorts
of civilities pass between us, although I was never introduced,
for 1 believe I introduCed myself. (Laughletsand great cheer-
ing.) Well, how did he begin his professiiin4l career ? (For
I consider him a professional agitator—l consider that was the
thing he intended froth the first days of his life.) Why, with
mild words-4utter would not melt in' his mouth at- one time.
" Oh ! (he said) what injustice has been done to Ireland!
Won't you attend to this porn country ?" At last the priests
themselves agitated; and then at length he came down upon us
and said, "Justice for Ireland! I demand it ! Six millions
and a half of people are determined to have it!" And then he
asked these six and a half millions to pay him for the trouble of
expressing their sentiments.. ( Laughter.) Well; now you
see the gradations by which he arrived at honour and profit;
and a very high situation he certainly now holds for an ambiti-
ous man; for, literally, he has established a power which was
never contemplated before in any state in this world—still less
by the British constitutions—so that we really quaked- an I
quailed, in theoretical apprehension, for •in moral courage I
won't quail or quench, even if our oppmients were twenty
Toone. (Louis cheering.) But Ido mean to say that Mr. Daniel.
O'Connell is one more instance of *hat I before said,—tlast
when a man begins with all these patriotic axioms and hacknied
terms about liberality', freedom, and justice, and all that sort of
thing ;—at the time you cannot reason with him, bct his subse-
quent conduct will prove the hollowness and fallaciousness of
his principles. And these things the country- have seen; and
that is one reason why they are now recovering from that state
of fever in which they were before, and why they are leading
Mr. Daniel O'Connell, who they thought at one time was only
asking for what was fair and just; but now they see that his
covert end is not just but the serving of his own selfish pur-
poses. (Hear.) The man to whom 1 mild refer is my friend Mr.
Roebuck. He came over, asking fur justice for Canada, at first
with specious intentions; and- thus he goes sin till at last he
comes down from Bath and says, " I think it. is a vet y moder:

ate rate to charge you 60() a year for advocating your cause;"
and he was kind enough to say he would take nothing less.—
( A laugh.) But NIT. Roebuck began mildly at first about
canada, till at last he goes on to be the advocate of the Cana-
dians in the House of Commons when they were in actual -re-
bellion. I would not say how far •he fostered that rebellion ;
but certainly he did boast in the House of Commons of the ex-
teat to which they had gin-ie. That is another instance of a
man beginning mildly and calmly fo'agitaterbut that is no
reason why he should not at last agitate till he has got for him-
self place and pension. Now, as to another poet. There are
'gentlemen present here whit' have been very mitch reviled for
stopping short of anarchy and Confusion. lint I put it to any
prudent, sensible man here, if he were journeying by coach or
railway, if there be one from London to Edinfiurgh ; and sup-
posing York to lie between the two, what would he say if be
wanted to stop at York, and all the people in-
the same coach
were to say, '' No; you have gone so far with us, von must go
further : you have no right to stop hptlf w
,vat' York 7; von must
go with us as far as we go." -( Hear.). But ...
eo say, that these
hon. gentlemen have stopped at considerhble risk to their own
private fame. When they had got shat the c hid it fair
right to demand, they said ``We will not go! any further. We
will nut allow those who talk in beautiful metaphorical language
of the ` small end of the wedge' and the • tree bearing its fruit'
to insert the wedge and to allow the reform tree to bear the
fruit of anarchy and confusion. and that equitable distribution
of property'.With which I amsure we are threatened, however
they may disguise and mask it." Because, as Sir Francis
Burdett said, they did assail it under the party flag. .1310, holy
ever, these gentlemen (Sir F. Burdett and others) will nut
allow their compassing that intention. and they have now
joined us upon the broad n loci& of
• 1-conservatism. That is
the true name, for I wish-the names of %Orig and tory were no
more, and that all who love and would ;'reserve the institutione
of the country would call themselves conservatives; and 1
think the other party has a fair right and claim to be
called innovationists. They wish to respect all existing
things; not because what they substitute is better, but because'l
is new; and 1 do wish, if we can go on upon the old system.
that we should do so, and not take the new one upon chalice,
even if it should be no worse. Look at America! Site begin as
a republic, and will very likely go On best as a republic; lint
we have always been a limited monarchy—a form of constitu-
tion which the philosophers of France and the. rest of Europe
long endeavoured to explain and never could. The demagogues
endeavoured to reform it, not by improving and restoring and
sunplying its deficiencies, but by altering the white system and
making it like the rest of the world. Whereas, I have always
understood that if other governments whether republics. absolute
monarchies, democracies. or aristocracies—each has to a pleat
extent its bad points merged 'and its good points kept in our
British constitution. (Cries of " Hear, hear," and loud
cheers ) But the system of the present day is to change this
constitution altogether, and I donut want to have thingsthat are
not pitrt and parcel of our constitution. Steel medicines may
he good for one man ; 'salts for another ; colchicum for a third,
when properly administered; but if you transpose the medicines
You can do nothing bet harm. So, if you attempt to foist into
the British constitution things which can only agree with re-
publics or democracies, some parts will go faster, others slower,
and eventually you will he sorry when Not] find out your folly,
that you did not keep to the old established manners and good

'p to tilt' om esialMil.“...• .......-- _
file CHA TOM AN rose to propose "The Members coi- the customs of our ancestors. (Cheers.) lam young upon the stage
Southern Division of the County," which he cupid also giVe in of political life, and lack experience, but lam actuated by the
the deal number. With their permission, however, he 'would
amend the toast, and give "The Members for the County, feeling to stand, by ourgood constitution in church and state ;
and although they
; may mere
call it ere prejudice, and a thing which
North and South."
The toast was drunk with three times three. I have inherited of my lather, and all thatsurt of thing. (Hear.)
And I assure you that is the chief of my faults. The radical
. • The Ch Al emaNtheu gave "Lord Lyndhurst and the House press say that "he is Lord Winchelsea's son," and that is bad
of Peers."
enough; hut beside that, one paper that .I. saw, said that I have
The toast was given with three times three.
Glee.—With.a jolly full bottle. , about the same modicum of talent, and the same mass of
prejudice: But; as my friend Sir F. Burdett has said, preju-
• The Cu mem AN rose and said,—Gentlemen,—l rise With pe- dice is a thing which you should respect till you know that it is
entior pleasure to propose to you the next toast upon my list, wrong. It is the universal feeling of the great majority of so.
the health of one what has distinguished himself as the vindi- cietv, and the chances are that they are right till they are
cator of the-honour of the House of Commons. (The company proved to be wrong. Therefore I (dory in this " antiquated
fumed House of Cotionons to require a vindicator.? Wh
rose and cheered enthusiastically.) What, gentlemen,. a re- prejudice," and I know: others who glory in it to,—and I hope
Y, that, fall or stand—and stand I hope we shall, though fall we
wonders will never cease ! But I rejoice that. amongst the mey, But we will not fall without one stroke struck in the
Youthful aristocracy of England there %VHS one , who 'ere he had , face of our foes ;—fall or stand, I say for one, I will go straight
numbered twenty-two years, had the courage to ding the coward- forward; and as now the dawn of my political life, so I hope
ly bully from his lurking place, (immense cheeritig,) and to its evening will find me, still pur;uing conservative principles,
cause him to he branded by a vote of the British House of and never repenting having done so from the present hour up
Commons in his real character, in that eery expressive Saxon to the last of my politicarlife, (Immense cheering, (luting
word, which I shall not hesitate to use—to brand him as a liar. which the noble lord 'resumed his seat.)
(Cheers.) I propose to you the health of Lord Maidstone, 'The ri
wit, the'-'nlieAxltß LI Aa
toast the vindicator of the House of Commons. (Great cheering.) said—Gentlemen, if
enough,breitybe the. soul of
list is short and I might
Lord MAIDSTONE rose, and when the cheering had subsided,
just as well attempt to explain to you who Caesar or Cicero is,
addressed- the meeting as foIIows:—Mr..CHAIRMAN and geii-
as to explain to you who " the Duke" is. (Cheers.) I therefore
tlemen,—l assure you that I can, with the most} eartfelt feel- beg •
, to propose to you, " The Duke ;" and as I don't find upon
ins assert that this is one of the kindest efforts ou can.maKe ~-., ...
of encouragement to me in the course I have begun, and which myenst,,one vcorninadin'tion
the
it, so I'll not have one. "The
Duke.
I hope I shall pursue to the very end Of int 'life, going.straight
Glee—" The Mighty Conqueror. '
forward, and never minding what may he 1 heconsetfilenem But •
I have been called here, and honoured' in outer places, with the The CHAIRMAN next said,—Gentlemen, it is lamentable to
appellation of the vindicator of the House of Commons. Now reflect, that, while there is so much talent and ability in the
I must say, that I am' not the vindicator of that house, but House of Commons, the country should'he deprived of the valti-
that I gave. them the opportunity of vindicating their own able services of several distinguished individuals, as if to show
honour, and I knew thlt I did not appeal to them in vain ; with whatvery little talent countries may be governed. (Hear.).
and, gentlemen, if I had, not done it, there were fill% others When I loOk to the opposition benches of the House of Com-
ready to rise in their places and tell the great agitator that he mons, and I see there a Peel and a Stanley, a Graham anti a
lied in his teeth. I did nothing more than just bring the sub- - Gladstone, (anti lam proud of him as a townsman,) a Follett,
ject before the consideration of the House of Commons, and a Pollock, and a Petnhertoo, I cannot but hope that the day is
when once it, was there, the united efforts of Sir Robert Peel, not far distant when these individuals shall he called to the
Mr. Geulburn, Mr. Wynn, and all tlfe valiant of the Con- helm of government; and Ido hope that the present leader of
servative side- of the house, and all their just •resentments., the House of Commons, unable as he has proved'himself to go-.
we& enlisted in the cause; sand, though last, not least, vern this mighty empire, may be left like another Actaeon to
(for he came nearly last in ilt e debate,) there was sour be devoured by his own hounds.—(Laughter and cheers ) 1
own representative,—not your ominal representative merely, propose the health of our-distinguished ghesi, "Sir George Sip-
lint the representative ,of those feelings to. which you hare (lair, and the conservative members of the 1-1 wise of Commons."
this.. day githen vent in .this room., He got up and taught t Loud cheers, and the toast was drank with all honour and ru--
Mr. Daniel O'Connell what he ought to have felt,- supposing thusiasm.) , ~ •
he could have felt as a gentleman. (Laughter and Cheers.) Sir Ghoech SINCLAiR rose, •and, when the plandits' with
He said for one, whatever the speaker might say, for he was to which he was greeted had ceased, he said :—Gentlemen, lam
administer the rebuke, he never could have thought of showing labouring under severe indisposition, and therefore I must re-
his facein. society again after that. rebuke bad heen•adminis- • spectfully solicit ,that indulgence which, even- under ordinary
ared. But Mr. O'Connell certaiuly'did brazen it out, though circumstances, I should so much have stood in'need of at your
