MISCELLANEOUS.

INCE Pozzo nt BORGO is reputed to possess great weal
winter a nephew of his Excellency's, a Captain in the E
1 Guard of France, was united to the daughter of '
de Crillon, upon which occasion Prince Pozzo di Bor
the bridegroom a fortune of 1,500,000 francs (about .C6O,
ng,) with the promise of as much more after the Ambas
demise.
report has been going the round of the papers for so
past that his Grace the Duke of Wellington had brok
s establishment, previously to, and with the intention o 4
abroad. We have already contradicted a rumour 0
übj ect, which had found its way accidentally into our o
ins, and we are now enabled in the most positive nianne
mat this contradiction, having obtained authentic infer
In that no such reduction has taken place in any brans
; Grace's household.—Morning Post.
r Grace the Duchess of Buckingham has been serious!
iosed during the past week, at her residence, Avingto
near Winchester. We are happy to say, however, th
e last accounts her Grace was better.—Portsmouth Her
NSERVATIVE CLUB.—The inhabitants of Bath have fo ,
the example of those of Bristol, and have formed a large;
Lig.hly respectable Conservative body, the first object, or
i is to declare that the present members for that city are'
ie men of their choice, but that their principles are it
t opposition to the views and feelings of the great majoril
e people, and to make arrangements to secure, at the no
on, the return of men of totally different politics anti'
;re likely to stand forward in defence of the constitution-
vowed enemies of innovation and destruction.—John Baal
ree brothers, miners, in the employ of Messrs. Guest aniA
Dowlais, have lately received an unexpected bequest 01,
00.—Bolton Chronicle.
s expected that the King and Queen of the Belc'ians,„
a trip to this country in the spring, and sojourn for a shoe
at Claremont.

e amiable and accomplished daughter of the Countess d
nde is about to be united to a foreigner of distinctio
ag a high situation at King. Leopold's Court,
Monday last a furious attack was made on W. Fishbourn
Esq. (agent to the Duke of Buckingham), who, with all
r-agent and a servant, were returning in a jaunting-c
Clare Island to Old Castle, (county of Westmeath)' aft
sting the Duke's rents in the neighbourhood of the forme
ng through a plantation two shots were fired at him fronl
ty of four in ambush, who afterwards sprang across the
as if to intercept him at a turn in advance. Mr. Fish'
le, however, drove on and escaped. Several people who'll,
A on the road refused to have anything to do with joining'
n pursuit of the villains, so he wisely hastened to 010
e. The Westmeath Journal states that orders had been!
at the neighbouring chapels for the two preceding Sun'
not to pay more than a certain rent to the Duke's agente,
hat the Rev. Mr. Burke, parish priest, had spoken of Mr•
rourne at Tullystown chapel, only two miles from the above
sh, on both occasions in terms of the most shocking
, &c.

Dutch King's answer has arrived in the mail-packet,
ttwood, and consists of a counter-project, which it is pro-
to submit to all the Five Powers, although one of-them has
lly withdrawn from the conference. Upon the whole we
reason to believe that, with an air of approach and mode-
the new proposals are concocted in the same bad faith
pirit of procrastination which have, attended these nego-
as on the part of the King of Holland from first to last.
be of Monday Evening.

;COVERY OF FOSSIL REMAINS.—An antediluvian skele-
f the ichthyosaurus genus, has recently been discovered
3edford. The skeleton itself was found lying in a hori-
, position, embedded in clay, and, rin the opinion of ouel
cant, was evidently a marine deposit. At present it is only
Ily uncovered, but the length of the whole may be judged
Yom about 12 to 14 feet. It is a curious fact, that in the mi-
te neighbourhood of the skeleton was found a number of
stones, although none are discovered in any other part of
me bed of clay. There is a fossil specimen of the same
I in the British Museum.—Northampton Mercury.
ng the members returned to the new House of Conimons,
er than eighty are sons of. peers.—So much for the pre-
' " diminishing the influence of the Lords in the Com-
House," for the construction of the Reform Bill.!

LATE ADMIRAL SIR THOMAS FOLEY.—The late Ad-
3ir T. Foley, who died at the Admiralty, at Portsmouth,
ursday, was commander-in-chief on that station, and
term of service would have expired on the Ist of April
ad been in a very feeble and delining state of health for
'me past. He was one of the heroes of the Nile, where
manded the Goliath, 74, and had the honour of leadingthe
ision (after the Culloden grounded, near the island of
r, by outsailing the Zealous, which for some time dis-
the point of honour with him), and anchored close to
snch ship Conquerant. He was one of those who pot—
the early friendship of Nelson, and commanded the
nt, 74, at the battle of Copenhagen in 1801, on board
ship Nelson shifted his flag from the St. George during
iguniary conflict. Of Captain Foley's services, in his
to the Commander-in-Chief, Sir Hyde Parker, Nelson
s, "To Captain Foley, who permitted me the honour of
; my flag in the Elephant, I feel under the greatest obli-,
his advice was necessary on many and important occa-
[ring the battle." In the partial engagement between
1 Hotham and the French fleet in 1,94, Captain Foley
tiled the St. George, bearing the flag of Vice-Admiral
Parker, and was constantly employed during the law
it Thorns Foley was an Admiral of the White, and a
Commander of the Bath. The gallant band of heroes
in the deceased was one) who commanded the ships
omposed the fleet at the battle of the Nile, in 1798,
.ere considered the elite of the British navy, are fast
the stage of life. We believe the following only now
y, 1833) survive:—Admiral Lord de Saumarez, Sir B.
ll Carew, Sir Davidge Gould, Sir D. E. Darby, and
[. Hardy, who commanded the 3lutine brig. Admiral
is in his 76th war. He united himself, July 21, 1802,
Lucy Anne Fitzgerald, (youngest daughter of James,
leinster,) who survives him, by whom he had a nu,
issue. His remains will be interred with military
in the garrison chapel, at Portsmouth, on Wednesday

>Pi ARTISTS IN THE COUNTRY—OR Wednesday last,
'ho gave his name Edward Bailey, and described -him-
nationer resident at Lewes, was eommitted for trial to
ngham House of Correction, charged with stealing
,parel from the Bull Inn, at Bourne. It appeared that
lad been left by a young woman who araived there by
tha Monday preceding, and had to walk from thence
y, about five miles distant. On the way she was over-
the prisoner, who said that he was going to Stamford,
d gladly accompany her ; but having, in the course of
ion' learned the circumstances under which she had
ox, he quitted her near the village, and retraced hie
he Bull Inn at Bourne, where he obtained possession
the prisoner's person were. fonncl several letters, an,,
the had just written was obtained from the post-offick
addressed to a woman in London, informing her that
r had escaped from H n, (supposed to mean
ion,) and that if he could live over Sunday, he in-
prigging the parson's plate." This was supposed to
the Hey. Mr. Hutchinson, of Pinchbeck, who had re-
etter, purporting to come from a clerical neighbour,
g him to officiate for the latter on the following Sun.-
e prisoner, in his letter to his female friend, requested
o send him a supply of mix, or counterfeit coin. It
tained that an attempt was made on the Sunday to
ev. Mr. Hutchinson's house, and that gentleman has
[tided the prisoner as Edward Brown, who once lived
?ice.

)TE OF A PAINTING.-At the sale of paintings 00
instant, at Porncostle, the portrait of Archibald,
krgyll, by Ramsay, was offered, and in answer to as
mv a small injury to the canvass had happened, the
r related the following anecdote :—The portrait had
in a bed-room, which was on one occasion occupied,
le dothestic ; the girl, fancying that the Duke 0.1
ul her too closely whilst she was dressing, became
, and seizing a poker aimed a blow with the intent of
le. Duke's eye out; the poker missed the eye, but
the canvass close to the face.—Stamford News.

MR. RUTHVEN, M.P. FOR KILDARE.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

Sla,-1 take the earliest opportunity of expressing my regret,
that my letter, in your paper of Friday last, should have con-
tained a misstatement regarding Mr. E. Ruthven, whose ad-
dress to the electors of Kildare I transmitted to you.
I now find that Mr. Ruthven is member for Kildare, and not,
46 I believed him to be, for the County of Waterford; and that
the statement of his having been defeated in the former and
returned for the latter county is, consequently, unfounded.

I have, therefore, to request, that in justice to Mr. Ruthven,
(whom I know only by his election address,) as well as to your
own reputation for honourable conduct,, you will give insertion
to this prompt avowal of my unintentional misstatement. —I
remain, Sir, your obedient servant,

Liverpool, Jan. 21, 1833.

AN ENGLISHMAN.

WEST INDIA SLAVERY.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

SIR,--I am aware, in touching on the momentous question of
West India Slavery, I am entering on a subject of much nicety,
and, at the present moment, of vital importance to the com-
munity at large. Fully impressed with the difficulty of the
task, I seek only to offer observations as a neutral party, un-
trammelled by the prejudices, and unbiassed by the interests of
others. In seeking out justice, we must look neither to the
right or to the left, but proceed onward in an undeviating
course, forgetting all minor considerations in the attainment of
our purpose. The excitement created by the late public dis-
•cussions on this subject, rendered for a short period suc-
ceeding it, all observations useless, both parties were convinced
of the truth of their own observations, and both as strenuously
rejected every argument which tended in any manner to sub-
vert those opinions, however unfounded or unjust That ex
citement has now partially subsided, and thinking men are
ewe inclined to listen and weigh the arguments of both parties
ere they proceed to pass a judgment upon the claims of either.
• The principal division of sentiments arises generally on the
justice and propriety of "immediate emancipation" of the slave
population in the West India colonies. The coincidence of
' both parties, that "Slavery in itself is an evil," leaves but the
questions—ls emancipation, without first compensating the
planter, just? Would the measure of immediate emancipation
be beneficial or injurious to the negroes? Of the first I shall
only at present offer a few observations, leaving the latter for
the subject of a future letter.
Under the direct protection and encouragement of the laws
-of these realms, property first became embarked in the slave
Population of the West India colonies. Those laws were framed
by the Lords and Commons, and sanctioned by the Crown.
Wanting nothing therefore to complete their validity, they be-
came the root from whence sprung the title of property vested
according to their, institutes. Resting secure that "Lea est
tutissimi cassis, sub clypeo legis nemo decipitur," the holders
of such looked not forward to a period when they would be de-
manded to surrender that which they had acquired under the
direct sanction of a wise and clement government. But of
late years there has arisen a feeling of malevolence against the
owners of slave property, and one portion of the community
(and by no means a small one) have been loud in their demands
for a legislative act for forcible manumission. An act of such a
nature, by destroying the tenure of property, vested in the holder
by the laws of the land, in opposition to the wishes of the holder,
end without remuneration, is, I maintain, in itself invalid,
being a manifest injustice, wanting the support of the moral
principle of honesty, and as a law directly opposed to its own
Maxim. " Lex nemini operatur iniquum nemini facit inju-
!jam." Upon the union of the moral and natural law human
saws depend, and as justice is the principle of moral conduct,
laws, when they once pease to be possessed of that attribute,
being contradictory to moral duty, cease to be any longer our
guides. In unjustly robbing the subject of what belongs to
him, in opposition to laws framed purposely for his protection,
the community are guilty of an act of equal criminality as of
one individual defrauding another. Human laws cannot,
Without vitiating themselves, enjoin any act contrary to I
the divine law, the former being only " rules of conduct" 1
tor the better enforcement of the latter; and at the divine
law expressly forbids us to appropriate to ourselves what
belongs to others, no one I presume will contend, that strip-
Ping the Planter of his birth-right, in opposition to his own
Wishes, though authorized by the supreme power in any
state, is not an unjust taking away what belongs to ano-
ther, and as such, in direct opposition to the divine precept
Which we are bound to obey ? In wresting from the owner
Isis property, in opposition to his wishes, and without remune-
rating him for his loss, we. axe laying down a precedent which
may at a future period be made a rule fcr justifying aggressions
kora closely connected with ourselves. The security which
the subject places upon laws formed only frit. the protection of
his person and his property, must necessarily by such an act be
oonsiderably shaken. • Laying aside neighbourly feelings,
Ithich would incline us nevertheless to a milder judgment, as a
nation we ought to be guarded how we cast a stigma upon our
laws, by making them subservient to any other end than that
Of justice. That slavery is repugnant to the feelings of our
nation, and to the spirit of our laws, each individual is proud
to confess; but in removing the evil, let caution direct us in
oer counsels; let moderation be opposed as a barrier to that
°Yerwhelming desire of change, which looks not to the means,
nor the consequences, so thatthe momentary desire be satiated;
‘od let the nation in her desire of emancipating the slaves of •
the West Indies be careful, lest that which she confers, in the
!tent of its being a blessing to its possessors, become a curse.
The cry for forcible manumission has now greatly subsided
for a short period—the nation, stirred up by party hirelings,
say be induced to threaten harsh and unjust measures, but
We every where perceive the spirit of a milder and more upright
Policy spreading its influence ; and I doubt not but tjiat the day
ilat hand when the measures proposed for the emancipation of
the Slaves will be such as will induce the Slave Owners them-
*elves to become its advocates.
Whether immediate emancipation, if granted, would be ad-
-I'ontageous or otherwise to the Slaves themselves, I will leave
. 4°l' a subject of enquiry in a future letter.--I am, &c.
Jon. lith, 1833. E. A.

THE CURRENCY.

IV THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STAND.AIRD.

13111,—At the present eventful period, when the desire for
Mange and innovation, under the more fascinating name of
teform, engages the attention of all classes, the spirit of agita-
,,oll no longer consents to "let well alone," but, amongst other
'Pies, calls loudly for changes in the state of our currency.
It is, therefore, my intention to consider how far any changes
t Practicable, and if practicable, whether such would be bene-
"eials or likely to answer the objects of those who advocate
ul
the.

To, arrive at correct conclusions, it is necessary first to con-
fider the present state and nature of our currency, with the
tauses which have produced and support that state; and, then,
e changes required, as far they as can be ascertained, and what
ft% the probable results to be expected, were it practicable to
take and carry such changes into effect.
It is a well-known fact, that, although a large proportion of
4fr present circulating medium consists of Bank and Banker's
promissory notes, restricted in amount to five pounds and up-
P 411111) yet, as they are all payable in gold on demand, our legal

13ii
1111—
, :0-ii I`t
e.ine'' i
ceolin
ILIt I'll,l
utioll•
fool,'
s fr`V,
ill th
I ess;
s hal O.
,
Aloe. .
