DURHAM.

Rev. H. Jenkyns, M.A., Professor of Greek; Rev. T.
Chevalier, 8.D., Professor of Mathematics; Rev. T. Lin-
wood Strong, 8.D.: I'. Anderson, 8.A., Corpus Christi,
Cambridge ; W. Mackey; F. Thompson, 8.A.; A. Watson,
8.A., Corpus Christi, Cambridge, are appointed Examiners
in Theology for Michaelmas.
At a Convocation holden on Monday, Dec. 10, the follow-
ing persons were presented and admitted ad eundem:—Rev,
J. Young, M.A., Trinity, Cambridge; R. C. Walters, M.A.,
Jesus, Cambridge; W. Mackenzie, 8.A., Trinity Hall,
Cambridge; Rev. B. Simpson, 8.A., Queen's, Oxford.
The following persons were admitted, ad eundem, by vote
of the house :—The Right Rev. C. J. Bloomfield, D.D., of
Trinity, Cambridge, Lord Bishop of London; Rev. R.
Richardson, D.D., Brasennose, Oxford; Rev. F. Duff, D D.,
Trinity, Cambridge; Rev. J. Besley, D.C.L., Balliol, Ox-
ford; J, Hogg, M.A., Fellow of St. Peter's, Cambridge;
Rev. T. Branker, M.A., Wandam, Oxford; Rev. 0. Head,
M.A., Trinity, Cambridge; Rev. R. Clayton, M.A., Uni-
versity, Oxford; Hon. and Rev. F. Grey, M.A., Trinity,
Cambridge.

The following Students in Theology were licensed to pre-
sent themselves to the Bishop for ordination :—F. Thomason,
B.A; A. Watson, 8.A.; I'. Anderson, 8.A.; and. W.
Mackey.
F. B. Thompson was admitted to the degree of B.A.

The Archbishop of Canterbury has appointed the Rev. John
Peel, brother of Sir Robert Peel, to be the Dean of Canter-
bury for the ensuing year.
The Bishop of Durham has, in the most handsome and
munificent manner, lately presented £25 to the Rev. J. R.
Furness, Curate of Pontelaud, in aid of a fund for building a
new parsonage-house at Dinnington, in that parish; and his
Lordship has also made a loan of £lOO, without interest, in
order to enable Mr. Furness to obtain a grant from the Go-
vernors of Queen Anne's bounty for the same purpose.—
Newcastle Journal.

THE THEATRE-ROYAL.—It will be seen by the announce-
ment in another part of the paper, that to-night is the last
night of the season at this theatre, when Mts. Clarke will
take, her benefit. Sheridan Knowles' last new play, "The
Maid of Mariendorpt," is to be brought out; after which
there is to be a concert, and sundry entertainments; and
the whole to conclude with a new farce, called "Nicholas
Nickleby," adapted from Boz's work. With so much of
attraction she cannot fail to have a crowded house, and no
actress more truly merits approbation and support. We
therefore heartily wish her a bumper.
CHRISTMAS PRES.:NTS AND NEW YEAR'S GIFTS.—AII
the juvenile part of the community are looking forward with
heart-heating expectation to the pleasures which they are to
enjoy at the approaching period of festivity. Presents pour
in upon the happy parties from relatives and friends—mirth
is the order of the day! and a delightful hilarity pervades
every parental mansion. it may be requisite to remark,
that parents cannot make more appropriate presents than
ROWLANDS' MACASSAR OIL, jin. the Hair, ROWLANDS'
KA LY non for the Fare and Skin, end their much-admired
UDONTO, or PEARL DENTIFRICE for the Teeth, which
in-
fallibly tend to the augmentation of that imposing exterior,
which. Lord Lord Chesterfield justly observes is " a card of
recommendation."—See Advertisement.
THE LIVERPOOL. LITERARY AND EDUCATIONAL. SOCIETY.
—On Tuesday evening last the members of this society, re-
cently organised among the masters of the schools attached to
the Mechanics' Institution, sat down to an excellent and sub-
stantial dinner at the Wellington Inn, Dale-street. The
chair was occupied by the Rev. Mr. Rutherford, and Mons.
Hilbert discharged the duties of vice-president. After the
cloth was removed several appropriate toasts were proposed,
awl the proceedings of the evening were enlivened by seve-
ral songs, glees, and recitations. The members separated at
twelve o'clock, after richly enjoying "the feast of reason and
the flow of soul." We hope that this society will be produc-
tive of great benefit to the important cause of education.
TRIBUTE OF RESPECT.--On Monday last, a handsome ser-
vice of plate, consisting of coffee-pot, tea-pot, sugar basin,
and cream jug, of the value of forty guineas, manufactured
by Messrs. Daniel, Lord-street, was presented to Mr. Robert
Hughes, late superintendant over the manufactory of Messrs.
Mather, Dixon, and Co., in this town, as a tribute of respect
from the workmen employed by the firm. The service was
presented to Mr. Hughes within the walls of the foundry,
after which between thirty and forty individuals belonging
to the works adjourned to Mr. Paterson's, Glasgow Arms,
Williams'-street, where an excellent and substantial supper
was prepared. The chair was occupied by Mr. Macalister,
and Mr. Robert Pollock acted as vice-president.
RHEUMATISM.—An instance of a very quick cure of this
painful malady has occurred under our own eye. The per-
son whose case we allude to, had been for many weeks con-
fined by a severe attack of Rheumatism, all over the body,
and tried many expedients to remove it, but without success.
He was at length advised to try Barker's Pills, and in five or
six days was totally relieved from all pain. We record it in
the hope that a really effectual remedy for Rheumatic Pains
has been discovered, and that many may benefit from its use.
—From Scotsman, of June 11, 1831.

E WIIECK OF THE FORFARSHIHE.—Wo have received
a couple of splendid lithographic engravings, which have
just been published for the benefit of the Darlings, illustrat-
ing the heroic endeavours of these devoted individuals to save
the lives of the passengers and crew of the Forfarshire. One
of the plates represents Grace Darling and her father in the
act of approaching the wreck, and the ocher shows them on
their return with the nine persons whom they had, at the
imminent risk of their own lives, rescued from a watery
grave. We sincerely trust that the humane endeavours of
these humble individuals will be rewarded by a large profit
from the sale of those exquisite engravings.

CORRESPONDENCE.

MEDICAL PRACTICE.

70 THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

Stn,—ln your paper of this day t perceive a letter headed
"The Practice of Medicine," purporting to be written by
"A Physician of the Old School," and condemnatory of thy
practice of medical gentlemen holding shares in the Liver-
pool Apothecaries' Company. The letter is addressed to you,
"believing you to be an enemy to the hypocritical cant which
is so common in the present day:"
It so happens, Sir, I possess myself a strong hatred to cant
of all sorts, and humbug of every degree • and it is on this
ground I venture to hope you will give this short letter a
place in your columns.
Your correspondent does not question the advantages to
be derived from the establishment of the Liverpool Apothe-
caries' Company, nor does he appear to have any fault to
find with either the directors or the management. When he
does so, I shall have a word to say to him on those subjects.
My present object is to convict your medical correspondent
of practising the very cant he professes to condemn in others.
In the first place, I think when a person of any school,
whether old or young, assumes a false character with the
view of injuring a private individual or a public company,
such proceeding savours strongly of cant—of the very cant
your "Physician of the Old School" prescribes—" hypocri-
tical cant.

In the next place, I think—if a physician can condescend
to receive the amount of his fees by a cheque on a joint-
stock bank in which he is a proprietor (thus sharing the
commission), or can luxuriate at a friend's house upon tur-
bot or plaice procured from the Fish Company, in which
speculation he himself holds shares,—l think I may say, for
such a physician to commit such outrageous atrocities, and
to write such a letter as your correspondent, would be the
mastet-piece of cant--the very essence of humbug.
Lastly, I think it would not be becoming in a "highly re-
spectable member of the most liberal of the professions" to
advertise in your columns that he does not bold shares in the
Liverpool Apothecaries' Company, and invite (as your cor-
respondent does) the sick and afflicted to increase the prac-
tice of the " Physician of the ORI School."
Thus touch for cant: now a word for the Company. The
directors no doubt are impressed with an opinion that the
establishment of the Liverpool Apothecaries' Company will
prove advantageous to the public, and beneficial to the pro-
prietors : if the public experience such benefit, they will
support the Company; if they do not derive any benefit, the
Company will deservedly decay. I believe it will flourish.
1 remain, Sir, yours very respectfully,
Dec. 181 h, 1838. ANTI-CANT.

MORE FACTS RESPECTING SCOTLAND-ROAD

MARKET.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.
it not a fact that Mr. Grose lent the forms and ta-
bles of St. Martin's Market to the Travellers' Rest Inn,
Scotland-road, for the purposes of the dinner given to Mr.
Lacon, to console him for his defeat in Scotland Ward?

And is it not a fact that one of the tables was too long, but
that a saw readily adjusted the difference?
And is it not a fact that, since swine, rabbits, poultry,
&c., are kept in the farm-yard, i. e., the market-yard, that
the market, contrary to all rule, is open on Sundays, for the
purpose of feeding the pigs?
And is it not a fact that stvillinys are still gathered in the
neighbourhood for the use of the farm-yard?
And is it not a fact, notwithstanding Mr. Grose's assertion
in last Tuesday's Standard, "that Mr. Leatherbarrow is the
only person in that market having a vote," that Mr. Bird,
butcher, Mr. Jones, butter-dealer, Mr. Giles, butcher, Mr.
Talbot, butcher, Mr. Humphreys, butcher, Mr. Bradshaw,
butcher, Mr. Butcher, butcher, Messrs. Stubbs, butchers,
and others of the market, are voters?

And is it not a fact that Mr. Leatherbarrow voted for Mr.
Grose's party, and that the others voted for the conservative?
And is it not a fact that the market or farm-yard gate, in
Madder-street, is boarded up about a yard high from the
ground, to prevent the rabbits and poultry escaping through
the bars?

And is it not a fact that the farm-yard yet continues, and
contains its heterogenous inmates, dung heaps. &c., notwith-
standing Mr. Grose's denial in last Tuesday's Standard y (If
this is doubted by any person, let him go and see.)
And is it not a fact that the yard occupants, dung heaps,
&c., are the property of Mr. Grose and Mr. Tyrer ?
And is it not a fact that in this yard are privies for the con-
venieuce of the market people, and that the. gates of the yard
are kept locked, and the people denied the use of them ?
And is it not a fact that these privies are occupied by the
farm-yard inmates ?

And is it not a fact that, this yard being locked up, causes
persons to use the passage leading from Maddox-street into
the market, and create a nuisance, saying nothing of the ob-
scenity ?
And is it not a fact that, if the yard was thrown open to the
market people, and the country people especially, on market
days, that it would improve the market, by bringing an in-
creased business and revenue, besides adding to the comforts
of all, and materially bettering the neighbourhood of Mad-
dox-street ?

And is it not a fact that no good reason can be assigned
for the withholding of this yard and conveniences from the
market people, and that the retention of it by the present
monopolizers is unjust, oppressive, and cruel?
Aud is it not a fact that the conduct of public officers is
liable to public censure or approbation ; and if the conduct
of the heads and tails of St. Martin's Market is as Gross as
represented, that it ought to be held up to public execration,
and that the Market Committee should provide better men
or better manners ?

And is it not a fact that Mr. Grose's letter, published in
last Tuesday's Standard, fully warrants and justifies the as-
sertion and entitles him to the character previously published
of him in the Standard, that he is an "illiterate boor?"
"Out of his own mouth is he convicted."

The name of the butcher residing at the bottom of Coiling-
wood-street, who could not get a stall in St. Martin's Mar-
ket, for being a conservative, is Cowell.

QUIS?

" A PHYSICIAN OF THE OLD SCHOOL."

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD,

Srn,—Will you permit the to occupy a small space of your
invaluable paper with a few observations on the letter of " A
Physician of the Old School."
Your correspondent has obviously erred in his representa-
tion of the question at issue. So unilateral an aspect of the
subject must rather injure than subserve the cause he has
espoused. Let hint for a moment reflect on the ostensible
motives by which the agents have been actuated in institut-
ing the Apothecaries' Hall. What ? shall the class of men
designated by your correspondent as " so highly respectable
a body," and to which he has heretofore deemed it an honour
to belong, be aspersed with the imputation of designs alike
destructive to their character, and derogatory to their profes-
sion? Is he not aware that the ground of the formation of
this institution is the very negative of his unsupported posi-
tion, viz., that " the chemists and druggists are" not " a
highly respectable body," and that they have" not " hitherto
compounded prescriptions to the satisfaction of the profession
generally.
Even admitting that it is somewhat beneath the dignity of
the profession to embark in an enterprise so purely commer-
cial—and I am no apologist for the principle—yet is not this
departure from etiquette excuseable when contrasted with the
importance of the objects involved, to wit, the genuineness of
the medicines employed, and the strictest adherence to the
prescription of the physician.
Your correspondent further objects to the scheme from the
fact that the shareholder has a direct interest in accumulating
the utmost of his prescriptions. But if it be true that the
druggist has been accustomed to regard the physician as "his
friend and customer," do we not recognize in this relation
the operation of the identical principle—save and except the
shifting of hands undergone by the profits ; —for will not the
latter be regarded by the former as his "friend and customer"
in the precise ratio of the quantity of medicine prescribed;
and it is, indeed, " too bad" to exc►te and encourage an out-
cry against the physician while professing to secure the wel-
fare of his patient, even though the agency employed per-
chance redound to his own emolument.
1 freely acknowledge that the competency of the druggists
must he considered decisive of the entire question : but will
your correspondent undertake to establish their claim to the
confidence of the public, by evidence at once circumstantial
and satisfactory? Will he essay to wipe off the odium at
present attaching to their character, whether from errors of
ignorance on the one hand, or the charges of self-interest on
the other?

He will remember that the alledged instances of the dete-
rioration of medicine adduced by the originators of Apothe-
caries' Hall, are neither few in number, nor unimportant in
character; and if he succeed in disproving their correctness,
it will manifestly appear that the injury hereby inflicted on
the druggists is gratuitous and wanton, and richly merits the
reprobation of an indignant public.
Meanwhile I subscribe myself
A FRIEND TO THE APOTHECARIES' HALL.
December
.2 0t h , 1838.

TO THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.

Your Excellency will please to examine and consider the
statements here exhibited, for a day is coming when all kings
and presidents of the earth must stand before the King of
Kings, and Lord of Lords, to answer for their conduct in
this world. God Almighty prepare them for that day!
The first statement I would make is a most solemn one,
respecting those very unfbrtunate beings held in slavery. It
appears from good testimony, drat nearly three millions of
immortal beings are held in slavery, in a country whose
constitution and bill of rights declare all men to be free, and
possessed of equal privileges! Can your Excellency look
on such a scene and not weep?
You say the articles of confederacy on which the Union
was established are such, that you cannot legislate on this
subject. But is this true respecting the district of Columbia ?
That has been ceded to Congress, to be governed just as the
national legislature may think proper. But, even with regard
to this part of the Union, the Congress has refused to hear
the petitions which have been sent from different states and
societies. Can you expect God's blessing, while you thus
despise the prayers of the benevolent, and the cries and tears
of the suffering ?
I would next state the claims of the red people, and plead
their cause. Had they not a right to look up to von, as chil-
dren to a father? Did not the government of the United
States promise to see justice and protection guaranteed to
the Indians? But what justice or protection have they
found? Have they not been driven from their cultivated
fields, and from the sepulchres of their fathers, into a strange
land ? And, because they made some resistance against
such cruel treatment, have they not been treated like wolves,
and slain like wild beasts ?

You have been told, and justly too, that all the blood and
treasure lost in the late Indian wars have been sacrificed to
pride and ambition. The late President Adams has pointed
out the cruelty and wickedness of the United States' govern-
ment towards the Indians; yet he could not be heard, or
treated with civility.

And what has been your conduct towards the people of
Canada?

You say this was not the act of government, but the act of
some lawless and unprincipled men, contrary to the laws and
treaties of the United States. But if all the arsenals had
been broken open, and the arms and munitions of war taken
and used against the inhabitants of the United States, it is
presumed, that some method would have been devised to put
a stop to such proceedings.
In the name of every thing sacred you are requested to look
at these brief statements, and ask yourself, in the presence of
God, if all is right?
Perhaps your Excellency will say, that it was not in your
power to controul these events. Did your Excellency ap-
peal to the two branches of the legislature, in your different
messages to congress? The solemn and faithful appeals of a
Washington and Adams, when in the chair of state, were
heard and regarded. But in what message has your Ex-
cellency attempted to advocate the claims of the Indians or
the Blacks! _ _

Be assured agloomy day is nearat hand, unless repentance
and reformation interpose, for the judgments of the Almighty
are thickly gathering over the American people. God says
by the mouth of his prophet, " Shall not my soul be avenged
on such a nation as this ?"

Be entreated to set apart a day, or I would rather say,
days of fasting and prayer, as did the King of Nineveh.
This would be esteemed a more safe and suitable method of
protection, than all that would be done by erecting forts and
preparing implements of death.
That God Almighty may give to your Excellency and the
national legislature, that wisdom which is from above, is the
present prayer of
Your Excellency's humble servant,
Dec. 6, 838. A CIIRISTIAN PATRIOT.
