TO THE EDITOR Or THE MORNING HERALD

SlR,—The pressure of important matter on your notice,
which no reader of your journal could fail to observe, has
hitherto prevented my addressing a few remarks to you on a
question in which I feel a deep interest. I should have con-
tinued silent had I not observed that the public attention has
been several times within these last few months called to the
subject—l mean the present state of the West Indies, the
consequent effect on the prices of colonial produce, and the
remedies which may be applied. I am fully aware that, un-
less I am very brief, I can hold out to myself no hope that
you will insert these remarks, and 1 therefore confine myself
to a few lines.

The almost unprecedented high price of sugar has been the
main cause of the public directing their attention to the pre-
sent state of the West Indies; and when it is considered that
the stock of that article stands thus, as compared with last

Hhds. B.P. Bags, Mauritius. Bags, East Indies
1839 .... 31,258 133,094 44,130
1840 .... 13,762 32,252 18,459

Deficiency.. 17,496 100,842 25,671
and the absolute certainty of a continued comparatively
small supply, 1 think you will feel that, if the cry be loud
now, it will be much louder in a few months. We have not,
at this moment, in this port sufficient sugar to supply more
than one month's ordinary consumption, so that, unless an
important change soon takes place, we shall be left almost
without sugar produced by free labour. I am so fully con-
vinced that the people of this country hold slavery in such
detestation, that I am sure the large majority would pay al-
most any price for sugar rather than encourage that traffic
which is causing such daily and hourly misery to so large a
number of their fellow-creatures. All that the West Indians
ask for is, that the Government would encourage immigra-
tion to the colonies. After a full consideration of the sub-
ject, the East Indies appear to me to afford a wide field for
the experiment ; and, I can conscientiously say, that I be-
lieve the coolie himself would derive a greater advantage
from the change than he who hired him. The chief ob-
jections to this plan seem to be the idea that, if the coolie
were to go to the West. Indies, he would be subject to a
second slavery—that he would have a difficulty in returning
to his native country, and that it would not be fair to the
negroes to raise so formidable a rival. To this I should
say, that the Government would exercise their minds to
little purpose were they unable to form such regulations
which, at the same time as they did not amount to a prohibi-
tion to immigration, still afforded ample protection to the
emigrant. The voyage between the East and West Indies is
performed in about 100 days (a shorter voyage than from this
country to Sydney, New South Wales,) and the West India
planter might be compelled to engage to return the coolie
after a stated time, should it be his wish to leave the West
Indies. The greater the expense of returning the coolie, the
more it would be for' the interest of the West Indian to con-
ciliate the labourer, so that he might wish to remain with him.
In a late debate on the subject in the House of Commons, a
member of the Government quoted from a despatch of the
Governor-General of India, in which he said that, in travel-
ling through the country, he was obliged to turn his head
aside to prevent his seeing the people dying in numbers on
the road side from mere want. The negro, in the fertile co-
lonies of British Guiana and Trinidad, may earn enough by
two or three days' labour to support himself for a month, so
that the coolie, by performing a fair portion of labour, would
not only be able to procure for himself and family the com-
forts, but even the luxuries of life. The wages in the East
Indies are but 2d per diem, and the negro in the West may
earn a dollar (4s 2d sterling,) or even more. Whilst the
coolie remains in his native country he stands, I fear, no
chance of bearing the Gospel preached, or of even worship-
ping any other deity but that of wood or stone ; but, if he
were to go to the West 'lndies, he would mix with those who
were receiving daily instruction from Christian ministers,
and he would have every opportunity of becoming a member
of our church. However much the temporar comfort of the
coolie may be considered, his eternal interests must ever be
considered as of paramount importance. If active employ-
ment be better than idleness, civilisation than barbarism, re-
ligion than irreligion, the negro, instead of being prejudiced
by the East•lndia labourer being located in the West Indies,
will be much benefited. Experience has proved to us that
the negro will only work to support his necessities ; but if an
industrious class of labourers were to be placed on the plan-
tations, the negro would see that the planter was not entirely
dependent on him, and by observing the comforts which steady
labour enabled the new comer to procure for himself and
family, he would be stimulated to exertion. Could such be
the case the gloom which now hangs over our West India
possessions would at once give place to the bright sunshine
of prosperity, and the anti-slavery party might consider their
philanthropic work accomplished, and turn their attention to
other quarters.—l am, sir, your obedient humble servant,
London, July 22, 1840. J. J. W.

The Indian government has decided on passing all lettets
of the officers and men on the China expedition free of
postage.
The Messrs. Tennant, St.. Rollox, Glasgow, the great
manufacturing chemists, are about to erect a chimney which
will be 450 feet in height, and 40 feet in diameter at the
base.

(From the Oxford Herald.)
Many a time and oft have the troubles and sorrows of the
poor unhappy journalist been detailed ; many a time has he
had occasion to complain of his hard, miserable fate, and of
the strange people with whom he has necessarily had to deal ;
but his miseries are nothing, his torments are trifling, com-
pared with those of that pitiable wretch who has taken upon
himself to give sketches of the " Political Characters" of the
day. Good heavens! how we have been plagued and
harrassed since we commenced our task ! Messages and
letters without number have been sent to us to ascertain
when a sketch of Mr. So-and-so would appear. Invitations
to dinners, balls, and routs have literally poured upon us,
their senders taking care to intimate that a " favourable
notice" would be expected in the Oxford Herald as a return.
Truth obliges us to confess that as a dinner at all is a luxury
of which we are seldom able to partake, and as a good
dinner is a thing which we have not seen for so long a time
that we have almost forgotten what it is, it is possible that
we should have accepted some of the invitations, even on the
condition of giving a favourable sketch of our entertainers,
but it so happened that about three weeks ago we sent our
solitary pair of boots, which were in a wofully dilapidated
condition, to be repaired, and although we have made fre-
quent pressing applications to Mr. Shoelast to restore them,
he, like an uncouth barbarian, positively refuses to deliver
them to us, or to our agent duly authorised by writing under
hand and seal to receive them, without first having paid to
him in lawful coin of Great Britain and Ireland, the sum of
three shillings and sixpence, the amount of the cost of the
said repairs. Now, this is a very harsh proceeding, as we
had no intention of defrauding Mr. Shoelast of the money
due to him file his labnnr, in Drool of wis;..l, we offered him
our note of hand, promising to pay the amount at six months'
date. This note was accepted and indorsed by three of our
most intimate friends, but Shoelast refused to accept it,
alleging that the security was insufficient. As it is impossi-
ble we can walk along the streets without shoes, we have to
notify to all and every one that it is no use sending us any
more invitations, for we .cannot accept them. We shall,
therefore, preserve our independence and shew that we scorn
to be bribed, that we are not to be purchased, but that we
intend, without fear or favour to any one, to continue to say
what we conscientiously think right of any " political
character" whom we shall do the honour to place in our
collection. If there be one thing more than another that we
detest, it is the conduct of that man who for the sake of his
appetite will sell his conscience to Eny one who will purchase
it by a dinner. We abhor such people, and look down upon
them from our garret on the fourth floor back, with the most
dignified scorn, the most unmitigated contempt.
Among those who have pestered us the most incessantly
are several of those worthies who have the honour to be joints
in O'Connell's tail. These men are-so anxious to see them-
selves in the columns of that " inthellectual and pathriotic
journal the Oxford Herald," as they call it, that they have
taken every possible means to attract our attention. Cards
have been left, enquiries have beeen made, letters have been
written, invitations have been sent, and all for the purpose of
obtaining a notice before the end of the session. The factis,
that an article in this journal will give these poor fellows
something to talk about when they get back to their native
bogs and swamps, and it will make them appear in the eyes
of their countrymen persons of no mean consequence. Now
as we are anxious to oblige, wherever we possibly can, we
have resolved for this week to become " more Irish and less
nice," by giving a few brief notices of the Irish members ;
but before proceeding with our task, let us detail one or two
of the invitations with which we have been favoured. •

Names, of course, will he held sacked. Well; then, we
have to state that one hon. member asked us to what he
called a " Fate Jam Peter," which was to take place some-
where in the neighbourhood of Saffron-hill, and at which
" biped beef, potatoes and porter," were to be provided " free
of cost." The.hon. member went on to say,—" N.B. Plase
to send an answer. P.S. If you bring it yerself, plase to ring
the attic bell." Another hon. member asked me to a ball,
where, as it was intended to: keep the company particularly
select, " no lady or gentleman without shoes or stockings
could be admitted." This invitation, it is needless to say,
after what is stated above, we are obliged to decline. Ano-
ther representative of the united wisdom of some place in
that "first gem of the ocean and flower of the sea," sent us
the following epistle :
" Dear Sur,—May it plase your Rivirince,—This comes
hopping it may find you well, as it leaves me at present, and
thank God for it. Och ! sure me darlint, and is nt it meself
me jewel, that has ofir and ofir said to Dinnis O'Callaghan—
that same Dinnis sure is the broth of a boy ; perhaps you
know him? he keeps the shop at the corner of Seven-dials,
and sells potatoes, and turnips, and carrots; and other liquids,
and keeps a donkey and cartand other living specimens of the
biped genius; and I says, says I to Dinnis O'Callaghan,
Faith, Dinnis, ye blackguard, haven't ye seen the picturs of
busy polithical characthers says I, busy legislators says I,
busy lawgivers says I, busy boys says I at the House ov the
Parliament, them same, I says, says I that's printhed in that
illigant newspaper the Oxford Herald says I—eh, Dinnis,
ye grate big blackguard, says I?" And Dinnis at that same
did lift up the whites ov the black of his eyes, and he roul'd
them and roul'd them about, jest for all the world like a duck
in a shower of thunder and lightnin', and he clapped his
hand to his forehead, like the Marcus ov Normanby afore
he swallows the pisoned dagger in the play, and his eye was
all the while a willing in a tine frensy, exac'ly as his lord-
ship's excellency's eye roul'd when he discivered (of course
in the play) that his lady-love had run away and eloped with
a tall captain of dragoons, and left him alone and solitary in
the company of his own thoughts, and when his honour's
lordship goes off to cut his own throat, or to drown hisself,
or to hang hisself, or to get his supper,—l aint sure which.
And Dinnis he says, says he, And isn't it meself,' says he,
quite offended like, and isn't it meself that's a bit of a
feelosofer, and.have'nt I read the writhings of the grate Lord
Normanby—heaven bless his party face, an' his rosy cheeks,
an' his illigant curls ! Yes,' says he, I've read his lordship's
purty books, and faith,' he says, ' isn't it meself that rades
a bit of them every night, for sure it is darlint that my
thrunk is lined with the leaves o' them, an' my bretthe an'
cheese is always wrapped up in them, and isn't it meself that
has studied the science of zoology and the other heavenly
bodies a shinin' and a shinin' in the starry firmamint ;
and och ! didn't I larn to play on the Garman flute and
the big drum, an' dy'e ask me if I've rade the 'polithical
characthers ?' Faith, says he, quite solemnly, and isn't it
reflecting on my laming and my education to put such a ques-
tion, sure the man as hasn't read the polithical characthers'
is not fit company for us and other genteel gintlemen.' And
then Dinnis went on to say, said he, ' Do you sir, get yerself
made a polithical charactber, and it will make you immortal
as long as you live.' And faith, sure that's the thing lam
afther wantin' yer honour to do for me. Jest be kind enough
to clap me name in the Oxford Herald, and if so be that ye
' draw it mild,' as we say in good society, and not attack me,
as ye did the Hon. Member for Kilkenny, I don't mind stand-
ing a pot of half-and-half—honour bright. So no more at
present. From your humbel Servant To Command,

, Mimber of Parliament for ."

After these pressing solicitations from the Irish Members,
it would be uncourteous to refuse to give them a place in our
gallery of Political Characters ; but as it is impossible that
we should devote a column, or even half a column to each, we
shall string them together like gardeners string onions, and
from time to tune, as may suit our convenience, place a few
of them before our readers.

N.B. None of the gentlemen whose names appear below
have written the letter, or invitations to which we have re-
ferred above. _ _

" More Irish and less nice."
NO. 14._ MR. N. A. VIGORS.

This gentleman is a tolerably respectable " joint of the tail."
He is a member of several of the scientific societies in this
metropolis. As a political character he is nothing. He never
ventures to open his mouth in Parliament, except to say " ay"
or " no," at the bidding of his master, O'Connell. lie has
the impudence to profess himself a repealer.

No. -15

(R. DILLON BROWNE

Is a pig-headed fellow, without two ideas on any one sub-
ject. He is evidently a man who likes a good dinner, and
one, too, who would partake of it at any person's expense
rather than his own. The living at the Reform Club, although
"cheap and nasty," seems to agree well with him, for he is
getting very fat. He looks like a lazy hound. We have fre-
quently seen him lounging on the benches in the House of
Commons, but as we never had the misfortune to hear him
open his mouth, we can say nothing further of him as a " Po-
litical Character," than that he is one of the most insignifi-
cant and most contemptible of the very insignificant and
very contemptible squad of Irish O'Connellites.

NO. 16

SMITH O'BRIEN

This gentleman is blessed with no small share of genuine,
unadulterated, Irish impudence. He is, indeed, a man of
brass. Not long since he had the modest assurance to in-
quire of the Speaker of the House of. Commons which of
three members was to take precedence, when they all hap-
pened to be at the table at the same moment to put down
their names for notices of motions. O'Brien evidently
wanted to have a scuffle for it. He had no idea of courtesy,
he had no idea of airowrng Ills superiors in rank, fortune, or
ability, to perform the simple task of writing his name before
that of the illustrious O'Brien. Civilized being ! Worthy
representative of an Irish gentleman !
Three Irish Radical Members at one time are enough in
all conscience. The rest of the gang must remain quiet for a
few weeks. A. T. T. Y.

The deliveries of tea last week were again rather larger,
being 483,6001 b. The trade is, on the whole, in a steady
position.

and the little birds chanting their
AminLgAtlneisregArPenenAmNatintiKe:NGFlSliEns.—The woods are re-
and
away at intervals, as the air becomes
summerf al l , wel sl
ionnggs. dFdryoinmg afar comes the murmur of the water-
still, or the warm breezes sweep along the birchen thickets,
and ruffle the bosom of the pebble-paved pool, margined with
alders and willows. On the flowery bank of the stream, be-
side his hole, the water-rat nibbles the tender blades ; and
on that round white stone in the rapid is perched the dipper,
ever welcome to the sight, with his dusky mantle and snowy
breast. Slowly along the pale blue sky sail the white fleecy
clouds ; as the lark, springing from the field, flutters in
ecstacy over his happy mate crouched upon her eggs under
the shade of the long grass, assured that no rambling urchin
shall invade her sanctuary. But see, perched upon the stump
of a decayed willow, jutting out from the bank, stands a king-
fisher, still and silent, and ever watchful. Let us creep a
little nearer, that we may observe him to more advantage. Be
cautious, for he is shy, and seeks not the admiration which
his beauty naturally excites. There he is, gratping the splint
with his tiny red feet, his bright blue back glistening in the
sunshine, his ruadv breast reflected from the pool beneath.
his long dagger-like bill pointed downwards, and his eye in-
tent on the minnows that swarm among the roots of the old
trees that project into the water from the crumbling- bank.
He stoops, opens his wings a little, shoots downwards,
plunges headlong into the water, reappears in a moment,
flutters, sweeps off in a curved line, wheels round, and re-
turns to his post. The minnow in his bill he beats against
the decayed stump till it is dead, then, tossing up his head,
swallows it, and resumes his ordinary posture, as if nothing
had happened. Swarms of insects flutter and gambol around;
but he heeds them not. A painted butterfly at length hovers
over the hyacinths, unsuspicious of dunger,• the kingfisher
springs from his perch and pursues him, but without success.
There, swift as a barbed arrow, darting straight forward on
rapidly-moving pinions, gleams his mate, who alights on a
stone far up the stream ; for she has seen us, and is not de-
sirous of our company. He presently follows ; and our
watch being ended, we may saunter awhile along the grassy
slopes, inhaling the fragrance of the primrose, and listening
to the joyous notes of the blackbird, that from the summit of
yon tall tree pours forth his soul in music.—Macgillivray's
Hiatary 4f British sirelto.

Charlotte, Creighton, hence at the Mauritius 18th April
Senator, Grindley, from the Cape of Good Hope at ditto 18th,
and sailed 19th for Calcutta
Dona Maria, -, hence at Kertch
Cuba, Kissock, sailed from St. Helena for Demerara Bth June
Randolph, Hilton, sailed from Trieste for this port 11th July
Adelaide, Granby, sailed from Lisbon for this port 12th July
Countess of Exeter, Owen, hence at Bromershayen
Juno, Spohn, hence at Pillau
Enterprise, -, front St. John, N.B. off this port, and pro-
ceeded to Lancaster
lngleborough, , sailed front Bristol for China 28th July
George the Fourth, Brownleas, hence for New Zealand, was
spoken 20th April, in lat. 34 0 5, long. 13 0 E
British Queen, (steamer) from London to New York, was spoken
pith July, in let. 43 0, long. 50 40
!,,cenli Cunard, hence for Quebss. was spoken 22nd July, in ha.
40 0, long. 9 0
Jubilee, Anderson, from Taganrog for this port off Falmouth
nide, Campbell, from Tobasco, at this port, sailed Bth June.
Left the Oporto loading for this port

THURSDAY, JULY :O.—Wind West.
AaalvEn.—Helen Mar, Goodmason, from New Orleans—Packet,
, from Corfu—and Sarah, —, from Swansea.
SElLED.—Covenanter, , for "Quebec.

Penang, Cummin, from China, at this port; sailed from Maceio
24th March, and St. Helena 12th June. On lath April, in the
Straits of Sunda, spoke the Java, of London, bound to Batavia;
and the barque Wm. Barrass. On 26th instant, off liardsey, spoke
the Henrietta, hence to New Orleans, and /3auffshire, hence to
Quebec

Navarin, Dalitz, hence for Danzic, at Pentlaud Frith
Nordstern, Sartorius, hence for Stralsund, at ditto
Ralph, Wylani hence at Quebec

Richmond, Cochrane, hence to Laguira, was spoken nth,: Instant,
iu lat. 41, long. 1:1, with loss of masts

Bolivar, and Neptune, from Valparaiso, at Arica
Christina, Birkett, from Batavia. and the Cape of Good Hope, at
St. Helena

Qrwell, hence to Quebec, was spoken 18th July, in lat. 58, long

Rochdale, , hence to St. Vincent, was spoken 2nd instant,
in lat. 22, long. 30

.
Susannah Collings. White, from Valparaiso, at Arica, and sailed
20th March for Callao
Henry Ewhank, Smith, hence at Madeira -
City of Durham, Smith, hence at Alexandria
Ann, Mellor, sailed from Alexandria '29th June ; Weatherall,
Conacher, Ist July, and Emma, Mearne, 6th July, for Liverpool
Alan Kerr, -, hence to Bombay, was spoken in lat. a N,
long. 25 W
Chase, Powell, hence at Smyrna
Mary Wring, Todd, sailed from Smyrna gth July for Liverpool
Marchioness of Bute. from Odessa, at Malta, and sailed 6th July,
for Liverpool
Manley, -, from Antigua, at Dublin
Challenger, , hence to Smyrna, was spoken 25th July, in
lat. 45, long. 10
Saucy Jack, -, hence to Corfu, was spoken 24th July, in
lat. 44, long. g

VESSELS ENTERED FOR LOADING
(SINCE OUR LAST PUBLICATION.)

WEST INDIES AND MADEIRA

Elizabeth, .1 Price, 255 Kingston, Jamaica, Imrie & Tomlinson
Peggy, J Hanson, 148 Montego Bay, Jamaica, Jones, Mann &Co
Castries, E W Beasley, 156 St. Lucia, J Monde'
SOUTII AMERICA.
Mary Worrall, J Gardner, 244 Arica, Islay and Lima,

Ashley Brothers
Wilberforce, J Harrison, 395 Maranham, W& J Wellstood
UNITED STATES.
Caroline E Platt, It Rice, 231 New York, D Mal comion
Benjamin Morgan, Johnson, 392 Charleston,
Brown, Shipley & Co
Norman, E Wood, 596 New Orleans, Humphreys & Biddle
Pallas, P N Blanchard, 131 New York, Focke & Boult
& Elizabeth, W Filcher, 482 New Orleans. W & J Lockett
General Parkhill, J C Hoyt, 593 New York, Ingleby &Co

BRITISH AMERICA.
Neptune, J Parker, 115 St. John .Nfld and Brazils, Job Brothers
Wolfe's Cove, J Drynan, 5g9 Quebec, Rankin, Gilmour &Co
William Parker, W Sewell, 411 Montreal, W Rose &Co
Acadia, (steamer) E C Miller. 612 Halifax and Boston,
1) & C M'lver
Glengarry, J Harkness, 1054 Quebec, Gibbs. Bright & Co
Erin, J Clarke, 271 Quebec, D Malcomson
Eagle, J Roallons, 108 St. John, Nfld, Valiance & Henry
Ambassador, J S Tate, 323 Charlotte Town and Dalhousie,

America, P B Mackie,
Frederica, R Bremner,

Cannon, Duller & Co
sgt Quebec,Wildes, Piekersgill & Co
222 Halifax, N.S. Chapman & Willie

EUROPE.
Elm Grove, W Williams, at Rotterdam, Bahr, Behrend & Co
Mary & Susan, W Neal, 3tig,St. Übes, K Zwilchenbart &Co
John Cocks, Tlson, 2au Lisbon and Monte Video,

K Doviie & Co
Pauline, J Schreyenberg, 232 Ostend, Bahr, Behrend & Co
Union, A Vander Heyde, 151 Ostend, Bahr, Behrend & Co
Herrnoder, L Neilsen, 90 Gothenburg, Bahr, Behrend & Co
Sportsman, D Main, 143 Stettin, Bahr, Behrend & Co
Brenda, J Melhuish, lss Alexandria, Egypt, M & A Wilkin
tp............................ _ 41.11IWIZIMMIN
-. .

*W own, Deals, 120 stand. m. duty paid , Duty. •
Archangel £l9 0 @ 20 • 0 '
Memel 17 0 18 0
Gothenburg l6 0--16 10 Not above 16 ft
Wyburg l6 10 - 18 0 F. 19. B. P. 2.
Petersburg l7 0 - 19 10 21 feet.
PLANKS, per foot of 2 inches thick. 422.. X 2 108.
Danzig, Deck
0 2A— 0 2,1 J British American Pine
LArnwoon, per fathom.
Danzig, 4 feet es 10 910 1.€4 Ss.
British American 4 10 5 10 15s.
MAHOGANY, per foot of I inch thick.
Honduras
Cuba
.e 5.
St. Domingo 1 0 2 0
OAK PLANKS, British American none. 15s per load.
PEAKSVOOD, per cubic feet
STAVES, per 1200.
Danzig, C. Pipe .el4O 0 —145 0
Hhd. 7O 0— 80 0 Not ab. 36 in.
Quebec, red, 1} inch thick, 1 .el 3s. B.P. 2s.
and 51 feet long
Do. Puncheon l4 0 24 0 3 0 6s.
Timßliß, per cubic foot. x. d. a. d.
Oak 2 6 3 0
Pine, British Amer. common
red 1 6 2 0 per load.
yellow
Danzig, middling 2 21— 2 3
Memel, middling 2 21— 2 3 1 .e 2 15s. v. load
Riga, red 2 51— 2 6
*There is au additional duty of 5 per cent. on these rates.
