IRISH MUNICIPAL BILL

Sir R,ihert PEELinforiiirli,the Home Secretary that when
the Irisn Municipal Bill should be proposed, he (Sir Robert)
would move its prostponemcnt in attendance upon the derision
of the house upon the lush Chu.Ech Bill. The fate of both bills
may be easily predicted.

SPANIS4I POLICY OF MINISTERS.

Lord ELIOT in,ved an adthess to the crown, lamenting the
ill success of the Spanish po:icv pursued.hy ministers, and de-
precuting• a reuewAl of the order in council, suspending the
Foreign Enlistment Act. Lord speech was clear and
manly, and it has-been justly comp!imented by all upon the
temper and moderation, of its tone. His lordship was suppoi led
by Sir A. ailtymple, MT. Sidney Herbert, Lord Mahon, and
Mr. Pemberton ; by the latter in two speeches of some length,
and ‘if distinguished power. Captain Pecheli, Mr. Pouli,r, Sir
H. Vivian, Mr. Vernon &ono, and Mr. Shed opposed the
motion.
The debate was adjourned.

HOUSE OF LORDS.—WEDNESDAY.
The house met at five a'etock.
A great number of petitiun in favour of total .abolition of
slavery were iresented.
The Mutiny Bill was brought up from the commons, and read
a first tirue.—Adjourueri.

HOUSE OF DNESDAY.
The Speaker took the chair at 10 minutes to tour.

Sir 4. 'Welsh took the oaths :In7l his seat for SuTtbnry.
The Cheltenham and Great Western Union Railway bill was
read a third time and passed.
A great number of petitions praying" for the total abolition
of negro apprenticeship on the first of August next was pre-
sented.

On the presentation of a petition,
Mr. HUME gave notice that, early after Easter, he should
move for leave to bring in a bill to suspend the annual payment
made by this country to the King of Hanover. (Hear, hear,
from the ministerial benches.)
. .

The presentation of petitions occupied the house until past
five o'clock.

In answer to a question from Mr. LASCELLES,
Lord J. Itu3sst.t. said, when the report of the commissioner
appointed to inquire into the petitions from Sheffield, relating
to granting a charter of ineorrootion to that town was received,
the Privy Council would immediately decide upon i. equestion.
Lord J. RUSSELL gave notice, that whin the motion for the
total abolition of slavery was moved tonorrow, he would move
as an amendment that the house proceed to the second reading
of the slave trade abolition amendment act, which was read a
first tune last night.

The mutiny bill was read a third time and passed.
AFFAIRS OF SPAIN.

The order of the day was read from the chair for proceeding
with the adjourned debate on Lord Eliot's motion relating to
the affairs of Spain. _
member on either side rising to address the house,

The SPEAKER put the question that a humble address be
presented to her Majesty, in the terms of the ►notion proposed
by Loot Eliot.
A scene of the most extraordinary description took place; the
greatest confusion prevailed, during %%inch strangers ►sere or-
dered to withdraw.

A discos inn took place with closed doors, after which the
house divided, when there appeared—
For the motion 62
Against it. O.. •• 7
Majority against the tnotion — 8
The annouucewent of these numbers was received with the
most boisterms cheers from the ministerial side of the house.

Lord iklArioN begged to state that the division oitich had
taken plate had taken his side of the house entirely by surprise.
Bear, hear.) It was no part of theirs to put such a sudden
termination to the debate.

Lord J RussEt.t. was willing to admit that both sides were
taken by surprise.
General EvANs said the otject of the motion was to attack
his conduct, although it professed to condemn the policy of the
government. lie had intended to speak on the question, but
did not wish to do so at such an early hiiur. (Hear, hear )
did not wish to begirt the debate again, now that it was decided.
It was x ridiculous motion to commence, and it had met with a
—ri(lieulmjs :emanation.

Lout J. Itc,4sELL repeated that he did not think either side
of the house intended surprise.
Lord M tioN protested against the house getting rid of such
an important question in such an ex.tiaordinary manner. lie
therefore moved, as an amendment, that the debate he resumed.

A dimros.;ion of au animated nature look place, during which,
Lord J. Itusstml. moved that the house do adjourn.
" The question was put, and the members were leaving the
house amidst great laughter, when

Lord again said' that he moved that the identical
resolution 0; his noble friend he considered. (Hear.)
Hon rneinhers,havini: regirned their seats,

Lord ELIoT implored the house not to dispose of a question
of vast importance in such a summary way. (Hear.)
tilt•. tl.twas said it 'vas the fault of hon. members on the
other side of the house that the question had been disposed of
in s,:ch an extraordinary manner.
Sir lt. Pact, was no party to the extraordinary proceedings
which had taken place. for he did not come ,down to the house
until half-past five o'clock, and he was then told that the house
hail adj•murned. (Hear.) He knew well the no such result
was contemplated on his side of the house, as the hon.:member
who intended to open the debate called upon hint (Sir R.-Peel)
this morning, and infortned hint of his intention. ((Teat.)
Mr. C. ButtEß said the motion was purely a party question.
and therefore he trusted the house would not reverse the de-
cision to which it had come.

Lord J. RUSSELL said, as the question was one of censure on
the arliiitnistration, he wished to have it discusz.ed, but he did
sea how the house could now interfere.

After a few words from Mr. VILLIERS,
The SPEAKS a again put the question, that the house do ad-
journ.
Another scene of great confusion occurred, during which

Lord MA HON again toss, and insisted upon his right, by
.slightly altering the terms of his motion, to move it as an amend-
moot to :he motion for adjournment. (Loud cries of " Adjourn,
adjourn.")
The noble lord ,then handed to the speaker the amendment he
proposed, which was rrail from the chair amidst great confusion.
Mr. ti wise wished the motion to he fairly discussed, but it
could not be done that evening, as many members had left the
house, under the idea that it was disposed of.

Another conversation ensued.
Sir R. PEEL proposed the debate bhould be resumed on
Friday.
Another stormy discussion ensued.
Lord J. RussEr.r, wished the debate to come on to-night, but
he could not consent to adjourn it until Friday.
Sir R. PEET..--Then the best way will be to give a regular
notice of atrain bringing the subject forwiid. (Hear.)
The house adjourned at half-past six o'clock.

ROYAL ROCK FERItY.—We underoand that a few spirited
gentlemen in the vicinity of this delightful place have just cotn-
pleted a very handsomely arranged chapel, under the establish-
ment, for the accommcdation of the inhabitants of that rapidly
increasing neiuhhourhood, which it is intended to open for
diving service on Sunday the Bth of April.

• .;71 la trauta

LIVERPOOL SPRING ASSIZES.

CROWNCOURT.—TUESDAY.
His Lordship (Sir John Pettisou) took his seat on the bench
at nine o'clock.

MANSLAUGHTER.

Joseph Chamork, aged 19, was placed at the bar, under an
indictim nt, in which he was chaiged with having, on the 2d
January last, killed John Whitehead at Bolton-le-Moots.
Mr. Hutton appeared fur the prosecution. The prisoner was
not defended._ _

If appeared—that on the second of January, a party of indivi-
duals were celebrating a wedding at a beer shop kept by a per-
son named Eutwhistle. Two of the party gum relied and began
to fight. The deceased, Whitehead, interfered and attempted to
part them. The prisoner, who was of the party, and who was
intoxicated, kicked Whitehead, and a short combat ensued.
The deceased received several violent kicks and blows. lie
fell down and expired almost immediately. The-surgeon who
examined the deceased, stated that he found the bowels lace-
rated, and this injury was the cause of death.
Mr. Winter, in whose employ the prisoner had been, gave
hin► a v.ood.character for humanity and mildness of temper.
The prisoner endeavoured to excuse himself by saying he was
intoxicated, and that he bad for some tune past been the per-
sonal friend of the deceased,

The Learned JUDGE said this was a very clear case, and he
was not prepared to say that it was not one for murder. • How-
ever the prisoner had not been so indicted.
The jury fouud the prisoner guilty.
Mr. II ut.xoN handed up to his lordship several testimonials
from the neighbours of the prisoner as to his character, and said
he had been requested to state, on the part of the prosecution,
th it the reputation of the prisoner had hitherto been very good.
The June once more expressed his abhorrence of,t he savage
mode of fighting, by throwing persons down and kicking. Ile
had more than once expressed his determination to visit this
description of crime with the most severe punishment. He
should, however, take into consideration the good character of
the prisoner, and'should on this occasion abstain from passing
sentence a transportation.

The prisoner was sentenced to imprisonment and hard labour
for one year.

MANSLAUGHTER.

Charles nrthington, aged 17, was charged with having, in
the month of September last, in this town, killed James Cal-
lag an.

The prisoner stood charged, under the coroner's inquisition,
with murder. The grand jury, however, found a bill fur man-
slaughter only.

Mr Armstrong conducted the case for the prosecution, and
Dr. B•nwn defended the prisoner.
Peter Evans stated that he was formerly in the service of
Mesons. Varty and Wilson of this town. coach-Luilders. The
deceased, James Callag in, was foreman of the trimmers there.
The prix ,ner was an apprentice, and was in the body-Maker's
lieparment.- On the 12th of September last the prisoner was
in the workshop, and he requested one of the boys to go ►►ith
him to tur❑ the grindstone. as lie wished to grout his chisel
The hi man interfered, and said he should not have tie boy as
he was wanted. The deceased hail previ'ously em,iloyed the
boy. Worthington had the chisel in his hand at the time.
Slime altercation ensued on the subject. Toe prisoner, seeing
that the boy had his gimlet, snatched it from him, saying the
boy should not have his gimlet. The dece used took the gimlet
kin' Won hington and struck him on the face, witness believed
with the back of his hand. The prisoner immediately struck
the deceased with his chisel.- Callagan was wounded. Ile ran
out of the work-shop holding his hand to the wound. He was
taken to a public-house and afterwards to tae infirmary
Wilson T,,IP,t and Patrick Davies gave evidence of tendency•..
similar to the aluive.

George Lee, an apprentice at Messrs. Varty and Wilson
stated that he was the boy whom \Volt dugton requested to
turn the grindstone. The only points in which-the test Minot-
of this witness differed front that given by those above-natne.i,
were the foilowing. The gimlet which h, (witness) had in his
hand fell to the ground. Worthington tmk it up. Callagan
snatched it front him and struck him on the eve with it. Toe
eye looked bloodshot immediately.. Callagan seemed as if he
was coining on again, when the prisoner held up the chisel and
made a push with it.
Mr. Nottingham, a surgeon at the infirmary, stated that Cal-
lagan lived 17 days tiller he was taken to the infirmary. He
described the nature of the wound, and said it had caused death.
The witnesses agreed that the pi is.onei and the deceased had
always been on intimate and friendly tertrs.
Dr. Bitowm addressed the jury for the prisoner, dwelling on
the mi igatory circumstances in the evidence of Geo. Lee
The learned JUDGE, in his continents on the evidence, said
it was impossible to reduce the present charge below man.
slaughter, because in truth this blow was not given in self de-
fence. Even having received.a blow, it should out have been
returned with a dangerous instrument.
Time Jury returned a verdict—guilty of manslaughter.
Dr. BROWN said he had present the nurse who attended the
deceas d in the hail mary, and she ha 1 heard tae deceased sty,
that be hoped Worthington was not in custody, as he was not,
under the circumstances. to blame. Ile (Dr. Brown) was sett-
slide that he could not offer this in evidence, but he thought it
right to mention it.

Witnesse3 were called, who gave th 3 rrisoner a good cha-
racter.

Hld LORDSHIP, after mentiouing the lergth of time the pri-
soner had 'men in custody under the aprei:easion that he would
be tried for murder, sentenced him to be imprisoned for two
months, and kept to hard labour.

CHARGE OF MA NSLAUGATER.

Edward Lowe., aged 26, was charge,l with having slain John
Adamson, at Winwich. on the 19th August list.
Mr. L. PEEL conducted the case for the prosecution, Dr.
BROWN appeared for the detence.
It appeared that on the 12th August last, the prisoner and the
deceased weie drinking together at the Hed Lion public-house,
at Ashton. The prisoner had a male dog with him. which
Adamson took up. The prisoner remonstrated with him, and
the efETt of this was to make Adamson abuse the dog by lifting
it up and dashing it against the ground. On this the prisoner
also remonstrated, and presently afterwards they departed.
The deceased was somewhat intoxicated, and the prisoner also
had had some liquor. As the deceased walked away he used
some provoking language, upon which the prisoner followed
him, but it appeared that even. then he spoke very mildly. The
decease.t turned Upon the prisoner and struck him. :rile pri-
soner returned the blow with great force, and the deceased tell
back with his head against the wall. lie died almost instantly.
It was afterwards discoVered that his neck had been dislocated
by the blow or the fall.
The Jury acquitted the prisoner.
