inperfat 13artiamcnt.

HOUSE OF I.(3:t.DS.—Mosokv.
In answer to a question foila Lord Be.tut;itsm Viscount
MELnouuNa said, that it iva.s the intention o; her Majesty's
government to propose the appoiutment of a committee of the
House. of Commons omthe church property, when the whole
siu,stion would he taken into consideration.
Ou the motion of Lord GLKNII:I.G, the abolition of slavery
act amendment bill was read a first time.
In answer to a question from Lord GLENELG, Lord BROUGHAM
stated, that his motion for this day oil the subject of the slave
trade in Guiana, would he in the form of a resolution expres-
sive of their lordships' disapproval of the order in council of
the 14th of July last. •
The Archbishop of CANTKRBURY laid on the table a bill to
amend and extend the clauses of the 17th and 2lstiof George
111., better known as Gilbert's acts,-which were passed for the
purpose of enabling. clerayoten to raise money for the benefi-
cial purpose of erecting, glebe houses. The bill was read a first
-time. Their lordships then adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.—MONDAY.
The chairman of Queen's county election committee had
'found that J. H. Fitzpatrick, Esq. was duly. elected.
Mr. PUSEY gave notice that he should, on Thursday, move
that the proceedings before the committee he laid on the table.
Lord .1. RUSSELL brought up her Majesty's answer to the
address of the house with regard to the promotion of marine
sofficers. It was in the following words:—" Her majesty will
take into her immediate consideration the best means of carry-
ing into effect the wishes of her faithful commons, expressed in
motion with regard to the promotion of marine officers, with
a due regard-to public economy, and to the just claims of all
parties engaged in the naval and military service." The noble
lord then stated, that the Way in which the government propo-
sed to deal with the subject was this :—They proposed' to ap-
point a commission, or committee of gentlemen of character
aid of standing in the naval and military services, and also
some connected with the civil service, who should take the
whole subject into their consideration, and lay.a report of their
proCeedings before the house, and, if necessary, should make a
recommendation to the house, and then the house might decide
upon the whole subject before them.
Colonel StIITHORP drew attention to the recertt appointment
of Mr. Shell to the office of Commissioner to Greenwich Hos-
pital; and brought 'forward a motion to the effect that all such
offices should hereafter-he filled by officers of the navy.
Mr. C. )Voon said, the commissioners had merely the ma-
nagement of the estates of the hospital, and that their duties
were purely of a civil nature.
After a short conversation, the motion. was withdrawn.
The house then went into committee on the Navy Estimates,
which were brought forward and explained by Mr. C. Wool).
—The discussion upon them occupied the attention of the house
almost
_to its rising. _ _ _

Mr.. Lttros obtained leave to bring in a bill to restore the
ancient jurisdictiou of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, ena-
bling masters of that court, upon petition, to execute renewals
of leases fir lives, containing covenants fur renewal, in the
boundnames of persons by such covenants to execute the same,
and being out of the jurisdiction of the court, and to extend
such powers to cases of terms for years or lives dependent upon
years.
Adjourned at twelve o'clock.
