TUESDAY MORNING, MAY 21, 1833.

We received yesterday the following communication
from our priv4te correspondent at Plymouth :
" The schooner Exquisite, Killich, having latcly delivered a
cargo of stores :off Oporto fox Pedro's forces, returned to Ply-
mouth on Thursday last in eight days, from the Bayonne
Islands. The commander reports that Sartorius's fleet was in
igo Bay—the men had recently received four months' arrears
of wages, and were to be paid the residue on the 15th instant.
There had been a mutiny on board the Don- Pedro, which
was, however, quelled without bloodshed. One hundred and
eighty-five men from Sartorius's fleet are coming to England
in the Constitution Pedxoite frigate. These, with 150 pre-
viously reported, arrived, will make a total secession from
Pedro;s marine of 3'35 men."

By this it would appear that the force of the gallant
admiral which some time ago, we were assured, would
sweep Miguel's fleet from the sea, is waning apace.
The arrears of pay were to be paid on the 15th instant;.
but this, we suspect, has proved like all the rest of Don
Pedro's promises. It must be a thriving cause which is
supported by such a mutinous horde of mercenaries. Is
it the dread of the tread-mill in England, in case of their
return, which deters them from deserting en masse

Although the IV* India colonies have formed an ex-
haustless subject of discussion for many years, we much
question 'if the real 'value of these jewels of the crown,
now apparently about to be flung away, is known to the
generality of our readers. The following, which is
founded on.official documents, may be relied upon:
Estimates of the value of the British West India Colonies, as
taken from the Report of the Select Committee of the House
of Lords, and recently published in London :
Jamaica, 58,126,298
Barbadoes, 9,089,530
Antigua, 4,364,000
St. Christopher, 3,783,800
Montserrat, 1,078,440
Nevis, 1,750,100
Virgin Islands 1,093,400
Demerara, 18,410,480
Essequibo.
Berbice, 7,410,160
So that the whole amount is

Grenada,. 4,994,365
St. Vincent, 4,206,856
Dominica, 3,056,000
Trinidad, 4,932,705
Bahamas, 2,041,500
Bermudas, 1,111,000
Honthiras, 578,760
Tabago, 2,682,920
St. Lucia, 2,529,000

Lo less than £131,051,424.

OUR American friends, in the best of all possible re-
publics, or as Dr. Bowring would call it, " the model go-
vernment for the whole world," indulge not only in odd
expressions, but have also some very strange notions of
liberty. Take the. following as. a specimen, which we
extractfrom a New York paper:—

The Cincinnati Gazette of the 10th instant states that the steam

boat Reaper snagged and sunk about 60 miles above New Or-
leans, and that fifteen persons lost their lives. insured in the
Cincinnati Insurance Co. for 10,000 dollars. We have been
informed by Mr. J. H. 'Wood, one of the owners of the Reaper,
that she- sunk in seventy.feet water, and that Mr. Livingston
Harrison, engineer, the pilot and mate, and eight slaves chained
t6gethelr, lost their lives. Mr. Harrison was a much respected
citizen of Cincinnati, and hasleft a family and many friends to
deplore his loss.

There is no sympathy expressed for the slaves, fOr Mr.
Citizen Harrison engrosses it all. It is probable, there-
fore, that the eight slaves were insured as well as the
vessel. You may call it what von please, Jonathan, but
yours is not a land of freedom. • "

• WE are authorised to state that. Lord Sandon exceed-
ingly regrets that he was not present at the second
reading of the bill for the better observance of the Sab-
bath. ,The second reading was not moved for until after
midnight on Thursday last, when the noble lord had left.
the house in the belief that it would not be brought for-

ward that evening.
It is unnecessary to say that Lord Sandon, though
opposed to many of the restrictive clauses of Sir Andrew
AgneW'S bill, is nevertheless favourable to the prin-
ciple of such a measure. Another bill, free from the imper-
fections above alluded to, is speedily to be brought for-
ward, so framed as to meet the wishes of the moderate
party, and receive the support, of the government. This
Understand, will receive the cordial support of Lord
Sandon, and, as we are informed,• the concurrence of a
large.majority of the House of Commons.

AT a meeting of the West India interest in London,
on Saturday last, at which were present deputations from
Liverpool, Bristol, Glasgow, and . from several of the
colonies, it was resolved, that the former committee
should continue their correspondence with his Majesty's
ministers on the vital qiiestiOn at present under discus-
sion, and " to consider and report to the. standing com-
mittee how far it may be practicable .to come to such a
final arrangement of the slavery question as in the spirit
and language of the resolutions of .the House of Corn-
mons, of the 15th May, 1533, 'shall be consistent . with
the well-being of the negroes, the safety of the colonies,
and the equitable consideration of the rights of private
'property.'" This committee is composed of Messrs. Ir-
ving, Murray, Colville, Hyndman,
,and Burnley; and
these five (gentlemen, in whose integrity, 'ability, and
experience, every confidence is reposed, are empowered
to co-operate with the deputations from the outports, and
make such additions to their number a's 'they shall deem
necessary. • .

In this way the calmest and most dispassionate discus-
sion is secured without any advantage being given to
the government. The members of the committee, as well
as the ,West India interest generally, are.
,fUllY.Convinced
that the measure proniulgated by Mr; Stanley is imprac-
ticable without defeating the- object which his Majesty's
ministers profess to have in view—without involving the
planters and proprietors in irretrievable "ruin; converting
the negro into a demoralized and lazy pauper, deeply in-
juring the commerce and manufactures of the country,
and reducing the national resources: So. considerably as
ultiniately to render it a matter of imperious necessity to
make some compromise with the public creditor.
These are also our sentiments upon this momentous
subject. The factious, ❑ren who have hastened its consi-
deration and settlement upon the reckless imbeciles of
the present cabinet; may, in their blindness and their fa:-
naticism be consoling themselves that they have at length
obtained those coricessions in favour of freedom, of which
