SIVIANGERS' FRIEND SOCIETY.

i
We understand ghat the committee of this excellent institleu-
tion do nut at preset, -,,ktend to obtrude on the notice of tl*
benevolent public the cla."4- .of the society in the way of ap-
peal for extraordinary assistan the circumstances ofdie
poor of the town durin.., several pas itters:cornPelleidliem to
do. Stich has, of late, been the mild an n state£ the wea.:
then, notwithstanding its
.tempestuousness,V. or ate. labouring
poor have beeli.enabled to prosecute their daily employment al-
most without- interruption. Theit privations, therefore, have
hitherto been much less than are ordinarily felt by them at a "
season when, usually, building and other emplov-ruents in the
open air are suspended through the inclemency of the weather.
Should the_ present mild and humid state of the atmosphere-be,
as is very likely to be the case, succeeded by an interval of
weather of an opposite kind, and the employment of a labourer
be, in consequence; suspended, the.ciaiins upon the relief socie-
ties of the town will necessarily become much more onerous and
pressing.
independently, however, -of such a contingency, the ordinary.-
demands upon the funds• of the Strangers' Friend Society.
during the winter months are always such as more than to
sorb its resources, and the society is hence compelled to mea-
sure the quantum of its relief by the amount-of the supplies put
at its disposal. Were these supplies more abundant, retie f.
could be of more liberally, and therefore often much
more,effectually than the society is ht present enabled to do.
From our knowledge of its officers and visitors, we have the
fullest confilence they will faithfully and judiciously- apply the
funds put at their disposal, and that every cure will be taken
that they be not misappropriated in encouraging habits of men-
.dicity or improvidence on the one hand, or a spirit of insubor-
dination or combination on the other; a spirit which, during the
last summer, the visitors have steadily discouraged.
We trust, therefore, that a benevolent community will conti-
nue to afford to the society those annual substantial marks of
their bounty which, at this season of the year, have generously
been aftbrded, and shall ourselves be very year,
to transmit, as
on former occasions, any donations left with us for that pur.
pose.—Licerpool Courier,

THE KING'S INTENDED VISIT TO IRELAND.—We under-
stand that it is the intention of our most gracious Sovereign, ac-
companied by the Queen, to visit Ireland during the ensuing
summer, and that preparations are now in progress for their re-
ception at the Phcenix-park. We-can also state, from good ati-
thority, that the Royal. Llibernian School is to_be the future re-
sidence of the commander of the forces, and is now undergoiu4
alterations for that purvose.—Stacetes DiTatch.

lost unwisely hal the question been mooted by some
of ..he government kicrnals—ls the army in favour of
present ministry? ft becomes us not here to enter
into an examination of so unconstitutional a topic; it is
one shish should never Lave been broeched in a free
country, and it proves to us more and more how lament-
ably deficient the people of England are at the' present
moment in all sound constitutional principles. If ever a
people deserved to feel the scourge of depotism, it is ilia
British nation ; and were we not of opinion that the petty
grasping after immediate objects,"to the almoat utter ex-
clusion .of noble and great but distant advantages, is ow-
ing to a deep feeling of general distress, we should re-'
joice in seeing those who deserve not tc enjoy the bless-
ings of liberty suffer for a time the iron yoke of slavery.
As to the minsterial or anti-ministerial sentiments-of tb!
army and navy, we have no hesitation in zaying, tha.
the discussion of such is highly improper; a soldier ;or
Sailor serves his country, as was rightly observed by the
gallant Blake. " What hare we to do," said this i,crOic
and patriotic commander, "with the state of par:ieg?
Whether the monarchy or commonwealth exist, our duty
is to serve our country, to fight far the honour and glory,
of England !"
These are and ought to be the sentiments of every
true soldier and sailor. When Nelson was on the eve
of finishing his glorious earthly career, what was his.
battle signal ? England expects every man to do his
duiy."
Oh! that we could witness some return of such feel-
ings in Britain ! Alas ! party strife and internal discord
bid fair to destroy that which the mightiest scourge that
ever desolated this earth failed to accomplish. The Bri-
tish empire totters—is shaken to its basis. There is no
lack of talent or spirit in the aggregate; but we see. ro
_noble minds—no commanding men step forward to heal
intestine feuds, which are eating; like a cancerous ulcer;
into the core of society. The present is cheerless and
clouded, the future wrapt in gloom and dismal forebOd7
ings ; but whatever betide this unfortunate country, we
trust that the army. and navy wilt not further be stimulat-
ed to become the politital partisans of any ministry. We
speak.as one w.up has a personal knowledge of both ser-
, sticesifrom having served, with them on flood and field;
.and may their pure and hallowed patriotism be never
• tainted by the fell breath of envenomed party discord!—
Naval and Military Gazette.

. length the unconstitutional and arbitrary powers of
the Municipal (I:ommission have exhausted themselves
upon the corporatio'n of this city. On Thursday evening
. last, after `a2 days consumed upon it, what is called the
inquiry terrninald—an inquiry which, instead of being
lituiteA, as in al•cordance with the terms of the oath a..-
• - ministered it ought to have been, to'tbe existing state of
the. carpomtion,lias (to use the wortYs of a just remon--
strarthe) been directed to trazz;aetio4s extending over
pe.' Jds of 10, 15, and 25 years, and to the teelstion of
:zstimony of the hiosest descriptionv aspersing the repu-
. tations both of the living and the dead. yet of all

these examinations, conducted in a spirit of inquisitorial
research, and • without regard to. the, established rules of
evidence, what has been the, result'? Why, though self-
. convicted witnesses have done their worst, it amounts to
nothing that affects the character of the- corporate body.
But what is the situation of many of those who, in the
- course of this prolonged investigation, have wantonly at-
tacked the corporation, and the conduct of individuals
highly and deservedly esteemed for honesty and respect-
ability ? Upon a careful review of the evidence, we an-
swer, that the most -, iolent attacks have (with a few ex-
ceptions) beep made by men who have proved themselves
•wboily incapable of managing their own affairs, and se-
veral of whom have either been bankrupts or obliged to
compound with their creditors. Now, we would seriously
call upon the sober-minded to reflect on this fact—to keep
- it before them whenever the proceedings under the mu-
nicipal commission shall be mentioned; and then to ask
themselves whether it be within the bounds of reasonable
belief, that even a reformed parliament and a reforming
ministry will venture to adopt any project for disfran-
. chising the members of the corporations, or for extin-
guishing the corporations themselves, upon ex parte
statements derived through sources so miserably deficient
in the only genuine claims to credit and confidence.—
Norfolk Chronicle.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.

COURT OF KING'S BENCH.-MONDAY.

THE KtNG v. OLD, THE YoUNGER.—This was an indictment
against the defendant, a fish salesman, at Billinsgate Market,
charging him with having sold, on a certain day, fish which he
knew to be unfit for human food. A considerable number of
witnesses were examined on the part of the prosecution, who
proved the unsoundowd putrid state of the fish, and the jury
. returned a verdict of guilty.
The result of`. his prosecution of young Mr. Old established,
not
what wai notgenerally known before, that, to expose to sale
" articles of fo that are in an unfit state for human consump-
tion, is a ctri gal offence. The only punishment hitherto in-
flicted upon' o enders• of this description has been the seizure
and destruction of their commodities. This decision is, there-
fore, an important one. •

COURT OF COMMISSIONERS OF BANKRUPTS.-

MONDAY.

MARSH, GRAHAM, STRACRY, AND FAUNTLEROY'S BANK-
RUPTCY.—A meeting of the creditors under the commission of
bankruptcy issued against this banking firm, and which, it will
be remembered, suspended payments some years since, in con-
sequence of the extensive forgeries upon the Bank of England
by the late Mr. Fauntleroy, was held today for the proof of
debts, and the declaration of a dividend on the joint estate.
THE NEW BANKRUPTCY LAW.—OFFICIAL ASSIGNEES.—Mr.
Gordon said he had to apply to the court for its direction in a
matter of some importance to the creditors. When the new
system of bankrupt law commenced, the creditors' assignees
were desirousat no official assignee should be appointed on
this estate ; but they, as well as the creditors, bowed to the
opinion of the court that such appointment ought to be suede.
He, on the part of the creditors, now wished to have the opinion
of the court whether istig,per centage should be paid to the
official assignee for tsfoßeys realized by the creditors' assignees;
and placed in the hands of the official assignee when his appoint-
ment took place. He (Mr. Gordon) should humbly submit
that the estate should not be charged with anrexpenses upon
the money so paid over, in -the first instance, to the official
assignee, amounting to £20,000.
The Commissioner said, that by the appointment of the official
assignee the estate was saved a great deal of expense, and that
officer must be remunerated for his trouble, and he felt confi-
dent that the public had saved thousands by the appointment of
official assignees. He was bound to say that, in this case, the
creditors' assignees had acted very fairly; but that was not
always the case, and thousands upon thousands had been lost
to the creditors in consequence of the want of check now
atiorded by the officer referred to. The greatest possible bene-
fits bad resulted fr;:m the appointments, which were part of a
**Agra! system that had hitherto worked well.
Mr. Gordon asked if there was any fixed rule fur the allow-

-,Jominission ?
Zr. rtcrfirakaioner Evans said .there was no fixed rule. He
aneshod two and a half per cent. upon all old cora-
suissiotis, He tnk,d before said that riehiitors had been greatly
I:,•nelted by the *.ppointment of official tut it "1"
his wi.,17. that ark treditors' assignees shod/ themseives be
active. He desirous to, afford every check in- his power.
THE BANK OP F.:NG LAND'S CL A ,M.--The subject of thei claim
made by the Directors Bank of England for forgerat,
committed in the transfer of kto the amount of £250,000
having been alluded to,
The Commissioner asked if the matter still stood over for the
judgment of the House of Lords? This was a question of
great importance, as at least £lOO,OOO in solid money depe.:lcd
upon it. He could not help expressing his opinion that, ha'i
an official assignee been appointed at first in this estate, a good
deal of money might have been saved. As far as the general
system went, there, was also an absolute saving of expense.
Mr. Gordon stated the claim by the Bank stood over for the
decision of the House of Lords.

It was remarked iiieOttitWat there are now in the hands of
Messrs. Coutts and Co. a sum of £95,559 Bs, Id., to abide the
decision of the peers on this claim. The law charges incurred
in working the commission since the bankrupscy took place,
and other matters relating thereto, up to the present time, have
amounted to nearly .Ell,OOO. •
The proofs made to-day were not large, but, including there,
together with the claim of the Directors of .the Bank of Eng-
land, thete are on the riVOCeedlnsts .debts to arnuntit...44.
£785,789, which, added to the claims of £71,12, crake a- total
of debts and liabilities against the joint Psta:rs of the I;ankrupts
about £790,000.
A further dividend of sd. in the' pound was declared to-da-i
the proofs against the joint estates, in addition to the forme
vidends, amounting to S.. 41. in th.' pound. The div:lderiqr
rid on Mr. Stracey ,ind Mr. Graham's estate ex/my-int toltlss
the pound, and on that of Mr. Marsh to 15s. in- the p,:und.
Mr. Fauntleroy's estate very little will be dir;-!ded.

tr.VDON POilek w^Y~ PORT

M&NsIoN,R,rouSE--MCINDAY.
risalers -of -a par7,lsh a.ire summoned by Mary Gush, a
iun;;;',::4o been almost from her infancy a dependent
hiai bounty. She stated that, now that she had an
rrif,Aing herself happy and independent for life,
Officers of Bishopsgate refused to do their duty in help-
'or her present degraded state. She had been "off
the workhouse for 15 or 16 years ; and, at last, a
in the carpentering line, named Bill Flockton, axed
is wife. As she was tired of a single life, and as
on had a matter of 14s. a week, she consented ; and
to the parish officers for their consent, but they re-
;tighter.)
Mayor.—l didn't know that the parish officers had

e prevent you.
tie.—l assure you, my lord, we don't attempt to ex-
such authority. Of course we don't encourage those
,3 which so seriously burden parishes.
Gush.—Please you, my lord, I didn't want to be no bur-
' parish. I wants to cut it altogether; and I'ni
ver I soil a pump in the workus agen.
Mayor.—But if the gentleman you love really loves
loes'nt he take vou off at once and marry you ? I
lk the consent of the beadle if I were be.
Iton.—Why, my lord, you see when a man goes
himself to a woman what comes off the parish, they
smut fist for to begin the world with. Now these
ten won't give no such a thing; and they couldn't
take a poor creature, like this ere, to be my wife
summut of a fortin; for -I ant a living man if I ant
111 my own wittles myself. (Laughter.)
ile.—Their object is only to get a pound or two from
, and to spend it in drunkenness. They have no idea
Imarried.
(zush.—What a thundering lie ! (A laugh.) My lord,
ty old beadle wants to prevent people from being
It's a shame to let rich %limn live. They desarve
Iged up without judge or jury,—don't they, Bill?
lughter.)
.kton.—And no mistake. Please you, my lord, its
consarn as sends so many poor cretnrs upon the
that. havu't gpt Do house nor borne, nor nothing, burin.

cepttons)
ince
veral of wb
comnound
upon t,
-i t before thi
nicipal corn
themselves
belief, that
ministry wi
chising the
guishing t 1
statements
in the only
Norfolk
Co.
THE KN.
against the
charging hit
knew to be
witnesses w
proved the
returned a v
The result
what was
articles of f
tion, is a cl
flitted upon
and destruct
fore, an imp,
COURT 0
M A asu,
RUPTCY.—A
bankruptcy
be remembe
sequence of
by the late
debts, and a
THE NEW
Gordon said
matter of se
system of Ii
were desirot
this estate ;
opinion of tl
Be, on the p
of the coati
official assieir,
and placed
merit took
that the est
the money
assignee, an
The Coins
assignee the
officer must
dent that the
official assig
creditors' as
always the
to the credi
agorded by 1
tits had rest
genera! systt
Mr. Gordc
..,.;ilrs"-•,a)cmwen
Restarts:4' al
11041SiOtla-
-I:,•aeltea
his wi.,11 th
active. He
THE BANI
made by th
committed i
having been
The Comn
judgment of
great import
upon it. IA
an official as
deal of moo
system went,
Mr. Gordc
decision of t 1
It was ret
Messrs. Cou
decision of t
in working
and other on
amounted to
The proof
together witl
land, thete
£785,789, wh
of debts and
of about £79
A further
in the proofs
dividends, an
paid on Mr.
la the pounc
o Mr. Faun
r.
Tie av*?
young ercm;
:pa pllaf
„Jppre-'111c.:
:311
tag Der
:nd er.' att
• entleman it
• r to be his
Ir. Flockto
be applied I
sad. Mat
The Lord
power to
The Beadl
raise any at
. arriages w
Miss Gust
to the
'eased if ev,
The Lori
.u, why dc
ouldn't ask
Mr. Flock
r to give h
ves a runic
e gentleme
:pect I'd to
,thout a Cu'
le to eat al
The Beadl
e parish, a
'Miss
mt
'Miss Gush
here diii
• noes..
be bangi
rata. laagl
r.-Flock
ssort of e
ets what
