LOCAL.

On Thursday last the lady of Sir Philip Grey Egertcn pre-
sented the hon. baronet with a son and heir, at his house in
Chester-street, Grosvenor-place, London. We are happy to
hear that her ladyship and the infant are doing well.
On Friday night there was a grand performance, at the The-
atre-Royal, of 1\ eukomm's oratorio of " Mount Sinai," under
the direction of Mr. Aldridge, as leader of the band, and Mr.
G. Holden, as conductor, who also presided at the organ.
Beethoven's Grand Symphony (in C), and his Mass, in C,
(Kyrie and Gloria), were the opening pieces, and were executed
in a style that did great credit to the vocal and instrumental
performers. This oratorio must have been a great treat to the
lovers of sacred music, and was graced by the presence of all
the beauty and fashion.of Liverpool; and we hope to see it fol-
lowed by one of Handel's or Haydn's admirable compositions.

The first division of the 6th or Inniskillen Dragoons, com-
manded by Captain Osborn, disembarked on Sunday morning,
at the Clarence Dock, from the St. George Steam;packet Conl-
pany's vessels, Lord Blayney and William the k ourtb. The
passage from Dublin was very short, which enabled both men
and horses to app,ear fresh and well-conditioned. We were
extremely gratified to observe Lieut.-Col. Jordan once more
actively engaged in his professional Avocations; and it is with
unalloyed satisfaction-we are able to state that this respected
gentleman, and efficient officer, had the appearance of being
completely-recovered from the effects of his late severe acci-
dent.. The disembarkation of the troops was performed in the
short period of two hours and a half, under the able superin-
tendance of Capt. Brown, R.N., the resident agent for trans-
ports. The division proceeded yesterday on its route to Edin-
burgh.

EXTRAORDINARY ARRIVAL OF VESSELS.—On Friday morn-
ing, the wind, which for some time past had been from the east,'
veered round to the westward, blowing a fresh breeze, An im-
mense number of vessels,: which had been kept off the port by
the contrary winds, availed themselves of this favourable change,
and came into the river. In the course of the day, not less than
130, including coasters, were reported as having arrived. There
were no less than fifty arrivals from foreign ports, principaßy
vessels of large burthen and with valuable cargoes. From New
Orleans alone nine vessels were reported ; from Savannah,
fire; from South America,- five; from the West Indies, four;
and from Africa, two. We believe that for niany.years past
there has not been so great a number of arrivals in one day.
The river was literally. crowded with sails, and presented a most
animated and interesting appearance.
LIVERPOOL AND MANCHESTER RAILWAY.—The general
annual meeting of this company was held on Thursday last, at
the Cotton Sales' Room, Exchange Buildings, Robert elad-
stone, Esq. in the chair. The chairman congratulated the pro-
prietors upon the increasing prosperity of the company. Its
revenue was gradually increasing, and its expenditure decreas-
ing. The carriage of goods for January and February this
• year, as compared with the same months last year, was greater
by 6,720 tons:— tons
In Jan. and Feb. 1832, the gross amount was 19,909
In Jan. and Feb. 1833, ditto 26,09
The chief object of the meeting was to choose directors, in lien
of the five directors that were to go out this year in the usual
manner by rotation. The gentleman whose term expired this
year were John Moss, Robert Gladstone, David Hodgson, Jo-
seph Sandars, and Charles Tayleur, Esqrs. The new candidates
were Joseph Hornby, Edward Wilson, and Theodore Rathbone,
Esqrs. At the termination of the meeting the votes.were taken
by ballot, when the three new candidates, and John Moss and
David Hodgson, .Esqs., were chosen rectors, the two latter
gentlemen being .re-elected.—The following is the state of the
poll. VOTES.
Joseph Hornby, Esq. 3,365 Edward Wilson, Esq. 1,881
David Hodgson, Esq. 2,545 Joseph Sandars, Esq. 1,838
Theo. Rathbone, Esq. 2,234 Robt. Gladstone Esq. 1,578
John Moss, E5q...... 1,950
Prior to the election of the new directors, a discussion took place
as to the right claimed by the nominees of the Duke of Suther-
land to vote on the present occasion, by using the additional
shares which he possessed in the form of quarter shares, beyond
the number of 1,000 shares that were granted to him at the
formation of the Company. A resolution was passed with the
general concurrence ()tithe proprietors, in which the Duke was
respectfully requested to forego, on future occasions; the right
which a clause in the act now gave him.—The committee were
requested to consjder the propriety of reducing the fares on
short distances Along the line, and to use their utmost endea-
vours to prompote economy and retrenclwem.i lucks were
justly voted' to the chairman for his impaa • • eral con-
ductin tile chair. •
•
•

SPRING FAIR.—The number of cattle shown at our fair, on
Wednesday, was considerable, but there was rather a short silp-
ply of calvers, which sold well at good prices] Bing from
twelve to sixteen pounds, and in two or thrirtiOcihces higher.
Lean -cattle were but little enquired for, ''arialltices as at the
late fairs in the neighbourhood. The show of horses on Thur,-
day was very meagre, there being scarcely a good horse to be
seen in the fair.—Preston Pilot.

WIGAN.—On Wednesday afternoon a meeting of the mini-
sters, &c., in connection with the Lancashire independent
County Union, was held at St. Paul's Chapel, Wigan, for the
dispatch of the business. The Rev. Mr. Kelly preached in am
evening.

BIRTH.
On the 12th ult., the wife of Mr. Leekerby, of this town, of a
daughter, being her 22nd child.

MARRIED.

On Saturday, the 30th ult., at the Collegiate Church, Manchester, by
the Rev. Dr. Smith, Mr. Allan Hibber?, of Pernambuco, to Mary,
youngest daughter of Mr. Thomas Jedstill, of the former place.

DIED.

On the 29th ult., aged 25, Miss Elizabeth Gladstones, third daughbt. r
of Thomas Gladstones, Esq.
On the 21st ult., the Rev. Jer. Reid, aged 85, incumbent of Rockliff,
near Carlisle, having faithfully discharged the duties of that parish
for the space of 54 years. What is remarkable, he and his prede-
cessor have filled the situation for the long period of 112 years.

LIVERPOOL INFIR:

11ARY, MAR. 28th, 1833
ADMITTED.

DiscIIARoED.
In-patients cured . . . . 22 In-patients . . .
Relieved and at own request . 3 Out-patients . . .
Made Out-patients . , . 2 Casual during 51. P.
Irregular
Dead
Consulting Physician and Surgeon; Dr. Renwick and Mr.. Forshaw
Physician and Surgeon, Dr. 13randreth and Mr. Dawson.
Home Visitors, Mr. Dixon and Mr. Ashley.
Chaplain. the Rey. R. Davies.—House Surgeon, Mr. T. 4p.*X--.r.-",
ZIMMIIMEIMMINAMININIminimew

TIDE TABLE FOR LIVERPOoL.
.Ern. lit. Fes „se.
H. N. H. N. F. I.
Tuesday .... 2 921 949 16 5 Z. ; -
Wednesday.. 3 10 14 10 38 18 6 Richard, Bgateh ch
Thursday.... 4 10 59 11 21 20 0 St Ambrose .= ~;
Friday, ..... . 5 11 41 -- 20 11 Good Fridar—l*t-)",,,,d
Saturday.... 6 0 2 022 20 11
SUNDAY ... 7 042 1 2 20 2 Easter Sunday. "(-•
Monday.-- 8 120 140 18 10 Easter Monday.

Varlift
HOUSE OF LORDS.

THURSDAY‘, MARCH 28.

The Sugar Duties' Bill was read a third time, and passed.
On the motion of Lord ELLENBOROUGH, copies of the cor-
re4ondence between the Board of Control and the Court of
Directors of the East India Company, relative to the measures
proposed by government to be adopted on the renewal of the
charter' were ordered to be laid on the table.
Lord CLONCURRY presented petitions from certain parishes
in Limerick, and the countyof Antrim, against the tithe system.
The Earl of ROSEBERY presented a petition from Brechin
against slavery; also one from Arbroath, praying for an exten-
sion of the jurisdiction of Sheriffs' Courts in Scotland.
The Earl of RODEN presented petitions flora a parish in
Downshire against the Church Reform Bill; and another from
tile clergy of the town of King's Lynn, praying the house to
take into consideration the present state of the suffering clergy
in Ireland.
The Earl of Wicx Low presented a
.petition from the dean
and clergy of Eiphin, against the diminution of the number of
the Irish bishops.
Lord KING said that there It ere only 37 benefices in the dio-
eess of Elphin, and he did not think it necessary that a bishop
should be retained solely for the purpose of superintending 37
i ucumbents.

The Earl of WICKLOW said that the petitioners felt that
great evil would result from the removal of a resident bishop
from their vicinity.
Petitions, praying for the better observance of the Sabbath,
were presented by the Bishops of HEREFORD and CHESTER,
the Earl of RODEN, and the Bishop of LICHFIELD.

NEGRO SLAVERY.
Petitions; praying for the abolition of negro slavery, were
prusented by Lord AUCKLAND from several parishes in the
county of Roxburgh; Lord SUFFIELD, from Edinburgh, signed
by 21,291 persons; from Sheffield signed by 11,1 W persons,
another from Glasgow signed by 31,172 persons, and by Lords
Frrzwiwasi and LILFORD.

Eirl GREY, in answer to questions of the Dukes of CUMBER-
LAND and BUCKINGHAM, said that he could not, till the Irish
coercion bill had passed through all its stages, and had become
the law of the land, state when. the house would rise for the
kolydays. He could not, either, in that state of the public
business, say how long the recess would last, but feared it
would be a short one.
