FINANCIAL STATEMENT.

Lord ALTHORP, in reply to a question, said, that he hoped to
be. able to make his financial statement to morrow: if the hon.
member for Whitehaven (Mr. M. Attwood) would postpone his
motion, which stood for to-morrow, till Monday, he should cer-
tainly bring it forward to-morrow.

COLONIAL SLAVERY.
Mr. STANLEY Said, that a motion, given by his noble friend
(Lord Althorp), on a subject respecting which the feelings of
the country were much excited, stood for Tuesday—he meant
the motion respecting colonial slavery. Although it was
most important that the views of his Majesty's government,
with regard to that subject, should be stated to the country as
early as possible, yet, under the circumstances under which the
question came into his hands, he trusted he should not trespass
too largely on the indulgence of the house if he asked to be
allowed to postpone the motion from Tuesday next till Tuesday
the 14th of May. (Hear.)

TRIAL OF OFFENCES (IRELAND) BILL.
Sir J. HoimousE moved that the house resolve itself into a
committee on the Trial of Offences' (Ireland) bill.
Mr. O'CosNEL4moved that this bill be committed to a se-
lect committee to report whether there was any necessity fur its
introduction.

The SOLICITOR-GENERAL maintained that the present bill
was a mere extension to Ireland of that principle of the law of
Scotland and England which the highest legal authorities had
pronounced to be wholesome in practice and according to the
spirit and usage of the constitution.
The amendment was opposed by Sir J. Hobhouse, Mr. Stan-
ley, and the Solicitor-General, and was supported by Mr. O'Con-
nell and Mr. C. Fergusson, and others, and after a protracted
discussion a division took place,—
For the amendment 19
Against it B4
Majority _6s
The further consideration of the bill was postponed on the
suggestion of Mr. O'Connell, who objected to proceed with it
at the late hour to which the discussion bad been protracted
(one o'clock.)
The Chairman in consequence reported progress, and the bill
was ordered to be recommitted this day.
The house having resumed,
Mr. M. ATTWOOD said that he should feel it his duty to press
his motion for a committee to inquire into the distress of the
country, which, after having been postposed from day to day,
had at length been fixed for this day.
Mr. STANLEY hoped the hon. member would consent to post-
pone his motion until after the financial statement should be
brought forward by his noble friend the Chancellor of the Ex-
chequer, which statement was fixed for this (lay. It was ex-
ceedingly desirable and, in fact, would be but just to all parties,
not to introduce a discussion on the same evening, which would
clash and interfere with a disclosure of such extreme impor-
tance. He therefore suggested to the hon. member the pro-
priety of deferring his motion until next Friday.
Mr. ATTWOOD complained of the short notice which had been
given of the production of the budget. He should persevere in
his motion, because he believed that the inquiry of the commit-
tee on the distress of the country would materially influence the
financial statement of the Chancellor of the Exchequer.
Mr. STANLEY feared that if the budget were to be postponed
until the result of the inquiry of the committee for which the
hon. member intended to move were known, it would not make
its appearance at all during the present session.
Mr. ATTWOOD alleged that he had not been dealt fairly with
by ministers, inasmuch as he was requested, in the course of
that very afternoon; to postpone his motion, and the reasons as-
signed were different from those which really existed.
111 r. S. RICE pleaded guilty to this charge, but said that
when he requested the hon. member to postpone his motion he
was not aware of the intention of the Chancellor of the Ex-
chequer to bring forward his financial statement on the same
day. It was intended to take a vote on the Ordnance esti-
mates. _ _

Some further conversation ensued, and Mr. Attwood ulti-
mately persevered in his intention to submit his motion to the
house this day.
Mr. W. Warburton brought up the report of the committee
on the Jewish Civil Disabilities.

The report was received, and a bill in pursuance of the reso-
lution ordered to be brought in.
The other orders of the day were then disposed of.
Adjourned at half-past 1 o'clock.
FRIDAY.

The Speaker took the chair at twelve o'clock.
Mr. H. T. Hope took the oaths and his seat for the city of
Gloucester.

The house was occupied in receiving petitions until three
o'clock, when the Speaker left the chair.

The Speaker resumed the chair shortly. after 5 o'clock.
Sir E. Wilmot brought in a bill for altering the law of larceny.
—Read a first, and ordered to be read a second time.
Mr. HUME moved for returns of all persons now entitled to,
though.not receiving pensions, and of all persons in the receipt
of pensions under the 57th Geo. 111., and the 6th Geo. IV., c.
9, together with the names of the parties, their length of ser-
vice, and the amount of pensions ; also the amount paid in
each year, from the period of granting said pensions till. the
present time_
Lord ALTHO.I{ P, before he proceeded to.move the order of the.
day for going into a committee of ways and means, expressed
his wish to know whether the hon. gentleman intended to pei-
severe in his motion, in accordance with what he had stated
after he (Lord Althorp) had left the house last night.
Mr. M. ATTWOOO said it would appear, from all he had heard
on the subject, as if it would be impossible that his motion
should be brought forward t&night without the greatest disad-
vantage and inconvenience being incurred (hear), and without
exciting feelings that if he persevered, the motion would be cal-
culated to embarrass the Government. (Hear, hear.). For the
\,,purpose of at once freeing himself from an imputation ,which
lie felt he did not deserve. _ _ _

Notice of Mr. A7rTWOoo's motion was discharged, and fixed
for Monday. •
On the motion of Lord ALTHORP, the order of the day for
