HOUSE OF LORDS.-WRDNESDAY

The L rd. Chancellor, the:Earl of .._4llaftestiury, and the
Eli.' of Albemarle., to,k their seats at four o'clock, us Lords
Conithissionkrs. to give the 1:oyi:1 Assent to the followios
Appointment Suspension Biit,
tha,Tithes and the Church ,BuMlinjg Act
Amendment 01;1

Mr Bennet, and other members of the Honse of Com-
oteipi,„twilgght up (lie ilnurisonment for Debts Bill, with an
intimation that Ihe 1100 e of Conamons. would not insist on
their olijecrir)ns to the amendinebts wade by their lordships.
The sanwh.ku. ;list) brought a message requesting
lb, subject of the Court or Session (Scot-
-14101,1101,;!rid tir e,oference haring been agreed to, the
f,.ll,tlFitig,9ol4trr lords le't the how.,a to attend it—the Earl'of
of Abingdon, the Earl of Pehester,
edeo, the I.3is top of Hereford, Lord Rayleigh.
L;r4'.sria,..,,rd.

Ori theretarn of the inAnaffers of the conference,
The 4trrof sifAtrh.ssun? reported that the Commons
agreed amendinents except one. And
the noWe r tbeir lordships not to insist on that
'sl,,tad,iterit, which notion was earl-led.

I he A trorn, -G,oeral app.ared at the bar with a ines3age
fiorn thr. Cuititn,,tH, praying a conference on the subject of
liPetstration of E:ectors.Bill._

Otlthe wolion of Ihr Earl of SHAFTESBURY the confer-
ence was.dgreed to. and the same noble lords who managed
the f“rmer conference were appointed to conduct this coo-
fetnce. On their return.
• "1 he Earl or 6i4IFTESBIIItY reported that the Commons
had Lett the bill with the reasons for disagreeing with the
Lords' amendments in the bill.
Viscount N4.tn,3t;FINE moved their lordships to agree to
the C.,mirmi,s' rensnits.

Lorti LYNi)i!t HST opposed the motion,and insisted on the
former amentiments:
[Left sitting.}

HOUSE OF COMMONS.—WEDNESDAY.
Th .Sp,,,tkc-!s• entered the house shortly before four o'clock.
that `Sir Augustus C:;fforil, the Gentlemen Usher of the
Brick Rod, sumitionvil Ole house to attend the House of
Lord. to hear Ass'ilt given commission to
verai bil;s._ (For o.h;(2:1 see Lo,it•report.)
On the trlotioso Of Mr. E. J. STANLEY, a new writ was or-
detei! f*,,r the Lorouah of Great Yarmouth, in the room of •
Wirstiee l''q who, since his election, has accepted
the-sieward,thip of the Chiltern Hundreds.
Mr. Coo :it, or the Treasury. presented papers.
Ttlon4)son, of the India House, presented returns or-
d"red of certain correspondence on the subject of slavery.
r the motion of Captain At.ssogg, the St. Saviour's
kSwittoroirti) Grammar School bill was read a third tiine and

l'ctitionq for the abolition of tithes in Ireland were pre-
sent~rti,y Mr. AGLIONIIY and Mr. J. Jsavis.
On the motion of Mr. AGLIONBY, a return in detail was
("ete'l of the expenses of the commissioners in Ireland on
the sntrieet of railways.
Mr. LASoUCHRIt2 presented a petition from Taunton
against any-alteration of the Beer Act.
Colonel SIRTI(010 said, that seeing the noble lord the Se-

cretary for the Home Department, he wished to ask him whe-
ther it was a fact that additional troops had been ordered to
Lower Canada, and were now actually on their way from
Ilatfax? He put this question, because the noble lord at the
head of the government, in another place, had stated, that
no additional troops had been required.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL said, that troops bad been ordered
from Nova Scotia to Lower Canada at the request of the Go-
vernor-General.

On the motion of Colonel SIRTHORP, u return welt ordered.
of the expenses incurred by the Cotnmisssoners of Woods
and Forests in cutting through hills and other improvements
on the Holyhead line of road.
On the motion. of the ATTORNEY-GENERAL, the Lords'
amendments on the Personal Deligence (Scotland) Bill were
ed.. to—

On the motion of Mr. LEPRvitE, the report on the Sianding
Orders Revision Committee was, after several verbal amend-
ments, agreed to.
On the motion of the ATTORNEY-GENERAL, the Lords'
amendments to the Court of Session (Scotland) Bill were
agreed to.
Lord J. RUSSELL moved the order of the day for the third
reading of the Canada Indemnity Bill.
Lord ASHLEY took that opportunity of asking the noble
bird whether he proposed to make an additional remuneration
to the superintendents of factories? •

Lord J. ltessELL was not at present prepared to answer
the question.

M. LEADER begged to offer a few explanations in conse-
quence of what had appeared in some of the morning papers,
to reference to last night's debate. The hon. member for Lam-
beth had charged him (Mr. Leader) with breach of confidence
towards. Mr. C. Buller. Now the breach of confidence was
committed by the person who sent Mr. Buller's letter for
publication in the Morning Chronicle, and finding it there, he
(Mr. Leader) considered himself perfectly at liberty to refer
to•it.in the absence of any official information. He (Mr.
Leader) also begged to deny that he had said (as reported)
that Mr. Buller had been in constant communication with
Mr. Thorn, the blood-thirsty editor, for such he must call him,
of the Montreal Gazette. Neither had he called the acts of
Lord Durham cruel and unjust; but he certainly had applied
those epithets to his illegal ordinances. Having, said this, he
begged to ask the intention of the noble lord with respect to
the 23 prescribed men, the eight sent to Bermuda, and the
15 sentenced to death if ever they retutued to the province.
It would be impossible to try them by a jury, and he there-
fore thought it would be better to leave them unmolested.

Mr. HAWES, in explanation, said he found but one opinion
entertained by the Catibdiao merchants in London, and that
was in favour of Lord Durham's policy.
Lord J. hussy.►.', said that the allusion made by the bon.
member for Westminster to the newspaper reports were
wholly irregular; anti he should not answer those allusions.
With respect lathe question put by the hon. member as to
the twenty-three men, he (Lord -J. Russell) must refrain
from giving any answer to it.
The ArronstitY-GctsEuAt, expressed his conviction of the
accuracy of the reports oflast night's debate.
The order of the day having been read, and on the question
that the bill be now read a third time, •
Dr. LUSHINGTON said that if this bill depended his vote
it would never pass into law. Even after the able argu-
ments of the hon. and learned member for Exeter, (Sir W.
Foilett,) he doubted whether the ordinances of Lord Durham
were in violation of the law. But if he did doubt he must
still object to this hill of indemnity. On the whole, he
strongly defended the course pursued by , Lord Durham,
especially when such doubts existed on the point even
amongst lawyers, both in this and•the other house of parlia-
nient. He was sure he would rise superior to the attack of
his enemies, and that he would succeed in giving the colony
over which he presided that peace and tranquillity which all
good subjects must desire.

Mr. A. SAN npotto said, that as there was not likely to be
a divison on this bill, he felt called on in terms, to express
his entire dissent to this bill, relying as he did upon the opi-
nions stated to this house by the law officers of the crowd.
He felt bound to give the measure his firmest and strongest
reprobation.
Lord ERRINGTON knowing as he bad the honour to do the
Earl of Durham, he felt great pain in giving, as he felt bound
to do his support to this bill. He regretted this subject had
ever been brought forward, still, as it had bceu submitted to
the house, he shared with his noble friend below hint (Lord
J. Russell) the responsibility of the course he had taken.
He thought it would add to the embarrassment of Lord Dur-
ham if a division took place, and showed allifference of opi-
nion amongst those who wished well to that noble lord.
(Hear.)
Sir E. CODRINGTON so strongly objected to the measure
that if any hon. member would move its rejection he would
second the motion.

Lord J. Rcssr.r.r.-begged the hon. and gallant admiral not
to seek for a division, after the opinion declared by the
Attorney-General that parts of the ordinance were contrary
to law. It would be worse, therefore, to- rd Durham to re-
ject the bill than if it were passed. At the same time, he
(Lord J. Russell) lamented the agitation of the question in
the absence of information of the grounds on which Lord
Durhatit had acted.' He thought the iht maim:lion of the boil
was a premature declaration of the legislature upon it ; but,
Leing here, he hoped the house would allow the bill to pass
in silence.

Mr: AGLiONBY deprecated the hill.
Sir G. GREY defended the conduct of Lord Durham.
[Left sitting.]

THE AMERICAN ALINIaTER & MR O'CONNELL.

29, Portland-place:Aug. 9.
Sir,—My attention has been called to the publication in
the last-Spectator of a speech which purports to have been
delivered by you at a public meeting in Birmingham, in which
you al-e reported to have used the following language in rela-
tion to myself:—
" 1 betiuve their very ambassador here is a slave-breeder
one of those beings who rear up slaves for the purpose of
traffic. Is it possible that America would send here a man
who trafticks in blood, and who is a disgrace to human na-
ture ?"

I desire to know from you whether this is a. correct report
of what you said on that o,:easion, and with that view address
to you this communication.

I am, Sir, very respectfully, your übe,:ient servant,

A. SrkvENsoN.

To Daniel O'Connell, Esq., &c.

. 16, Pall-mall, Aug. 10.
Sir,—ln consequence of your letter of yesterday's date, I
examined the report of my speech at Biltninghain in the
Spectator of the 4th inst., and have no hesitation in saying
that the paragraph con have selected is not a correct repurt
of what I said on that occasion:

The very next sentence dors, to my mind, show that the
report could not be Correet, and having. examined another
report since. as wen as from distinct recollection, I repeat the
report is not correct.
I have the honour to be, Sir, your very obedient servant,
DANIEL O'CONNELL.
A SteventOti, Esq., &c.

23, Portland-place, August 11, 18.38.
Sir,—l have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your
note of last evening in answer to the one from myself of the
pretedingday.
Presuming that you intended your reply as a disavowal of
the offensive expressions contained in that part of your re-
ported speech which had allusion to myself, and to which
your attention was called, I am satisfied with the answer you
have given. _ _ _

As an incorrect report of your speech has been made pub-
lic through the press, I beg to inform you that I deem it due
to myself that the correspondence which has taken place
should also be published.
I am, Sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
To D. O'Connell, Esq., &c.

A. STEiVENSON.

EXPLOSION ON BOARD THE VICTORIA STEAM-
StilP.-A WOURNED INQUEST.

On Tuesday the inquest on the unfortunate person who
perished by the explosion on board the Victoria steamer was
resumed for the 11th time, and at length brought to a conclu-
sion. The principal witness examined was John Cardno, the
only surviving engineer. We regret that we are unable, in
consequence of the crowded state of our columns, to give his
evidence. The investigation, which we believe to be of un-
paralleled length, having been concluded, the jury retired
at twelve o'clock to consider their verdict, and at half-past one
o'clock the Coroner was informed that they had agreed, and
the comt having been reopened, tiYe Coroner asked if the
gentlemen were prepared to deliver their verdict?
Mr. P. Mellish, the foreman, rose and said that he wa t
never placed in a more ddlicult situation than he was thao
night. He bad to contend with difficulties he never had t
contend with before. fie had now to declare the opinions od
the jury. lie believed he spoke their.feelings when he tai
that they never saw a steamer fitted up with greater splendon•
anti taste than the Victoria, or with greater attention to th
convenience of the passengers. He must however say, and h
was delivering the unanimous opinion of the jury, that the
never saw a vessel in the river fitted up with so little regard
to the comfort of the engineers and stokers who worked the
engines, and in the place where they were employed: in fact,
it was a perfect pandemonium; at least such was his opinion.
He never saw a-place which realised his ideas of pandemo-
nium so much before.

The Jury---It is our opinion generally it is not a fit place
for the engineers and stokers.
The Foreman continued.—l will now deliver the verdict of
the jury. They consider that the death of Andrew Brown
was accidentiy occasioned by the explosion of the boiler on
board the Victoria steam-vessel, on the 14th of June last. The
jury consider that the construction of the boilers was unsafe,
tie water spaces t no-small, and the plates too thin. The jury
further consider, that the engineers having no immediate con-
trol over the safely-valve in the engine.room is highly repre-
hensible, and the jury levy a deodand of £l5OO upon the
boiler and steam-engine of the Victoria.
The Coroner saidhi should require the attendance of the
witnesses and jury on the other eight cases on Thursday next.
He was much obliged to them for the attention they had paid
during the protracted inquiry, but with respect to the verdict,
he should not express any
The court was adjourned.

THE FIRE. OF THE GUEBrZES:—I rode.to the peninsula of
Afsharon, to see the everlasting fire; about which I was the
more curious, as Olearins-who, however, did not see it him-
self—asserts, that the worship of the Goebtes no longer ex•
isted, and the relation in Hanway is not taken front an eye-
witness. About five or six miles from the sources of naphtha
(that is, from the principal sources, for there is a well of
white naphtha lunch nearer), there is a spot of ground, of
pretty- considerable extent, of such a nature that, if a hole
is dug in it, or the first coat of earth removed, and fire ap.
!Pied, the vapour which issues forth burns with great inten-
sity, and continues to do so till it is extinguished by some
violent storm. The heat is sufficient to calcine limestone,
aria the peasants accordingly burn their lime in no other
manner About the centre of this spot is a large qnadran-
gular building of stone, built round a court, in the centre of
which is a perforated annulus, from the top of which blazes
up the everlasting fire, surrounded by fires of the same
na-
ture The building is divided into cells, each with a sepa-
rate entrance, designed for the accommodation of the wor-
shippers; on each door was a tablet with an inscription, in
characters of which I am ignorant; one of them seemed to
have a translation, of which the characters were Persian;
but the language was neither Persian, Arabic, nor Turkish,
and, therefore, most probably, modern Hindostanee. I went
into one of the cells, which was inhabited ; a small platform
of earth was raised on each side, perforated;and a tube in.
troduced; one of these is always kept burning, according to
the direction of the wind. The first Zerduslit forbad to raise
temples or enclose the sacred fire, asserting it to be impious
to confine the image of the deity; but the second raised
altars and temples. I asked the inhabitant of the cell what
was his country ? He said he was aII indoo (I presume a
Parsee, front the frontiers of India), and that the building
WilS erected entirely at the expense of the Hindoos. I asked
for what purpose he came thither. He replied, without hesi-
tation, ‘• To worship that fire;" and said, that persons were
seat from India to relieve each other in the employment of
tending the everlasting flame, and that he and his com-
panions were then waiting to b., relieved. I observed a great
pile of fuel, for they esteem the other fire too pure for culi-
nary purposes. The quadrangle contains a well of fresh
water. If the vapour which issues from the eath is collected
in bladders and carried to a distance, it. remains equally in-
flammable, and, from its burning with a red flame, I conclude
it to be carbonated hydrogen gas: now, though carbon and
hydrogen are contained in naptha, 1 know of no wav in which
naptha could he decomposed in such a manner as to set the
gas free. The sources are at some distance ; the soil is not
bituminous, but calcareous; and the only smell is a faint
odour of Harrowgate water, which shows the presence of a
small quantity of sulphurated hydrogen, blended with the
carbonated. Ido not believe the naphtha to be an agent in
producing the phenomenon.—Remain: of Viscount Royston.

COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE AND

MONEY MARKET.

WEDNESDAY, Twer.va o'cuocK.—Some purchaies of Con-
mils yesterday for the Court of Chancery had the effect to
improve the market, which closed firm at 9-11- fur Money,
for Account the same. Consols opened this morning 0t9411
Money, 944 I for AccOunt. Exchequer Bills, 75 77 pm. ;
India Bonds, 76 78; Bank Stock, 2tB to ji ; India Stock,
265 '6. In the Foreign market yesterday afternoon, rather
more business was doing, and an improvement took place in
some of the foreign securities. Brazilian advanced Irons
82 to 1 to 834, opened at 821 34 ' • Spanish 21i %; Portu-
guese, 461; Three per Cents. 231 24; Mexican, 241 25/;
Colombian 26 271 ; Belgian 101/ J 021; Dutch Two-and-
a-H alf per Conte., 54-i *I-7F I ve-per qeme,1931403, - --
HA LF -P AST ONE.—There is not much cOnfitlenee placed
in the private letter received in Paris front AmsterdaM of
the 10th instant, respecting the altercation between the King
of Holland -and the Prince of Orange.
Consols, which were firm in the morning at 94% for the
Account, have since receded to 9-41; Money 94. e under-
stand that the Hebrew party have ireen selling in the course
of the morning. Exchequer Bills 77 75, lower; India Bonds
78, steady; Bank Stock, 208, lower; India Stock, 265.
Spanish Active no alteration, 211 ; Portuguese lower. 364;
Three per Cents., 234 4; Brazilian higher, 821 34; Dutch
steady, 51i •' Five per Cents. 1024.
A little busiuess has been doing in the Share Market.
Great Western better, 141 pm. ; Brighton 2i dis.; Green-
wich 31 die.; British Asphalte 1 tiz pin.
Fouß o'cnocK.-LConsols for Aug. 28, 94i Spanish
Bonds, 211. Portuguese New Bonds, 36%. 6.

(From the official list, containing the business actually
transacted.)
BRITISH FUNDS THIS JAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock, 208% 8 . 'lndia Stock, 265
3 per Ct. Red., 95 41 / 1 Bonds, 78 pm.
3 per Ct. Con., 941( 4 I South Sea Stock. •
3i per Ct. Auns. 1818, 1024 Bank Stock for Acct.. --
3% per Ct. Red., 102/ a / Consols for Acct., 94/ /a I
New 3% per Cents., IUI2 £IOUO Ex. Bills, 77 5 4 6 pin
Long Ans. 1860, 159-16 Z £501) do. 77 5..6 , pin
Ditto, 30 yrs. 1859, 151 - Small do. 77 5 6 pin
Ditto, 30 yrs. 1860, 15% Ditto Commercial, - -
5.„.„ • SHARES.. • .. .
(The quotations give the actual price, without reference to

premium Or (litlitIIII.)
Candongay 81 9 1.,..nt1un Joint StockCompuny
Great Western, 781 91 80 ! 12
London and Brighton, Sit i ,Aspiialte,.PolonCeau,
Southampton, New, 352 Northern and Eastern,
Asphalte, British, 2% .3 iAsphalte (Clircidge's Yateut,)
British and American Steam'

Navigation 2I
Bahia Steam, 1%
North Midland,

ILondon Si Southampton,
111aochester and Bittniughaui,
71

WESLEYAN CONFERENCE.

The reports of various committees, the stations of the
preachers, and applications fur additional preachers, have
formed the chief topics of discussion before this important
body. Forty-two young ministers have been examined and
ordained by .the present Conference. Their names are—
John Alliu, Nathaniel Alston, Thomas D. Baiuea, William
Bond, William Burnett, James Carr, D. M. R. Cughill,
Robert Cooke, John Crawshavv, Nehemiah Curnock, John
Eggleston, T. M. Fitzgerald, Henry Groves, Sarni. Healey,
Thomas Heelev, W. Flill,juu., Geo. Hobill, John Hotikiri,
F. J. Jobson, Hugh Jones, John Lambert, John Rees. Joliu
Richards, John Russell (2d), Nathan Rouse, John Ryan (Ist),
John Ryan (2d), Henry Smallwood, E. J. Sturges, Charles
Taylor, Samuel Taylor, W. B. Thornloe. Benj.-B. Waddv,
John Walters, Fraucis Ward, Samuel ILYiarilley. E. B.
Warters, G. F. White, Joseph '.l'..Wrikinson, H. W. Wil-
liams, Charles Westlake,, and Thomas Wood.

The folio wing are the stations,nf the preachers in Lanca-
shire:—

Tim LIVERPOOL DI§TI:ICT.

Liverpool, North (Brunstvik Chapel, 4.c.), John Ander-
son, sen., Win. Hurt, Thomas Thompson-' Calverley Riley,
supernumerary. South (Pitt•street, (1/4fe.),Thos. H. Sq uan ce,
John Nelson, Robert Young, Samuel Iroxton; James An-
der-B,n, supernumerary. Beta& (Reno's Garden), David
Evans, Robert Jones. Chester, Ralph Scurrab, Samuel
Fiddlam, W. Lindsey ; Isaac Lilly, supernumerary. Holy-
uell English), Joseph T. Wilkinson, Henry Dean; Wm.
Henshaw, supernumerary. Banjor (English), Robe:t Mac-
brair, Walter Prescott. IVrexhant, 'llama, Hall, Joseph
Sykes; James Fussell, supernumerary. Whiiehureh (Salop),
Thomas Slugg, Wm. Trewin. Warrington, Bcnj. Clayton,
James Laycock; Wm. Jones, supernumerary. St. Helen's
and Preseot, Alex4nder .Hsnue, Samuel Healey, Wigan,
John Fairburn, Walter Coates. Orniskirk and Southpurt,
John Newton. Preston and Charley, Benjamin Fs ankland,
Samuel Dawson, John Bethord. G,..rstang, John, Raby,
Geo. Hughes. Lancaster, Joseph Lowthian, George Green-
wood.—JOHN ANnimsoN, sets., Cisairman of the District;
THOMAS H. SQUANCE, Financial Secretary.

'THE MANCHESTER AND BOLTON DISTRICT.

First Manchester,{Oldham-street. tyc.) John Rigg, John
Smith, 3d, William M. Bunting; Edward Gibbous, Richard
Mattison, John Thompson, supernumeraries. Second ;Van-
chestcr, (Ire-ell-street, 4-c.) F. A West., William Clough,
William Wilson, 4th; John Taylor, Josiah 11. Walker,
supernumeraries. Third Manchester, (Grosvenor-sheet, 4,c.)
Joseph Taylor, Richard Felcus, George Steward, Joseph
Lawton, Joseph Heaton; Jonathan Barker, supernumerary.
Fourth Manchester, (Bridywater-street, 4.c.) Barnard Slater.
Samuel Thompson William Shelinerdine, supernumerary.
Altrincham, Amos Learoyd, who shall change on one Safi-
bath in every three weeks, with the prearhet 3 of the Fourth
Manchester -Circuit. Manchester, ( Welsh, ) Samuel Davis,
who shall change on two Sabbaths in every three months
with the Welsh preachers stationed in Liverpool. Stockport,
William Horton, Joseph Hargreaves, Henry Chettle. New
Mills, Isaac Deunison, William Exley. Glussop, Benjamin
Barrat, who shall change one S4bbain in every three weeks
with the preachers at New Mills. Ashton-under-Lune, Tho-
mas Dunn, John Smithson,. James Little. Oldham, Joseph
Meek, James Wilson, Martin Burrows. N. B. Brother
Wilson resides at Middleton. De7ph, (Saddletcorth,) John
Hague, who shall change on one Sabbath in every five weeks
with the preachers of Oldham. Belion,,Thomas Stead, Isaac
Woodcock, James Brownell; William Arnett, supernumer-
ary. Rochdale, Samuel Tindall,- Daniel Chapuian, Joseph
Mortimer. N. 13. Brother Mortimer resides at Heyweod.
Burnley, James He-aton, William Pemberton; John Phil-
lips, John W. Barret, supernumeraries. Bury, William
M`Kiltrick, John E. Coulson. Blackburn, James Buinstead,
Thos. S. Keysell, HaslingdeW, IfiChard Smethatn, Samuel
Leigh, Thomas Rodham. . Bacup, Benjamin Pearce!, Wil-
liam 0. Booth. William- layell, Banniel Morrill;
Jonn Barratt, supernumerary. Clitheree, Thomas Skelton,
Thomas Kent. Leigh, John Squarebridge, who Alan otmoge
on one Sunday in every mouth with the preachers at Bolton.
—JosErn Y Lon, Chairman of the• District; Joinv Ittcc,
Financial Secretary.

LONDON DISTRICT.
Tnom As JACKSON, President of the Conference.

First London, (Cilrroati 4c.) Edmund Grindrud,
Martin, William Bilk, Henry Davies, John Farrar, Fred.
J. Hobson, Benjamin B. Waddy; Henry Moore, supernum-
erary-. N. B. The Welsh Chapel in London shall be supplied
according to a plan agreed upon at the last North Wales
District Meeting. George Cubitt is our Editor ;• George
Mason. jun., is our Book Steward. Jabez Buntiug, P.D.,
John Becham, Robt. Alder, and Elijah Hoole, are the
Resident Secretaries of our Missions; Walter 0. Croggen
is the superintendent, under the direction of the Missionary
Committee of the Irish Missions and Schools. Dr. Bunting
is appointed the President of the Wesleyan Theological In-
stitution; Richard TrefTry,. Governer of the Institution-
house; John. Hannah, sPn., the Theological Tutor; and
Samuel Jones, A. M., The Classical awl Mathematical
Tutor.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

MANCHESTER, TUESDA y EVENING.

Several of the leading speculators are now at the Wulvei-
hampton races, consequently the market has been rather of
a less spirited character than the general feature. The clos-
ing prices:—
THE WOLVERHAMPTON CUP.
6 to 4 on Mr. Ferguson's Harkaway (taken freely)
THE WOLVERHAMPTON ST. LEGER.

5 and 6t04 on Gilbert (taken)
THE DONCASTER ST. LEGER

7to 2 against Col. Peel's lon (t 4to 1 freely)
9to 2 „ Lord Chesterfield's Don John (t)
100 to 10 „ Ld. G. Bentinck's Grey Motnus (t to-day)
170 to 20 „ Mr. Parkin's Lanercost (t last night)
11 to 1 „ Mr. Coombe's Cobham (off freelv)
16 to 1 „ Lord Westminster's Albernarle (off)
16 to 1 „ Duke of Cleveland's Alzira (t)
200 to 13 „ Mr. Bowes's Appleton Lad (t)
200 to 4 „ Mr. Thotopson's Predictor c (t)
200 to 6 „ Mr. Thompson's Talleyrand (t to-day)
200 to 4 „ Wee Willie (off)
200 to 3 „ Lord G. Bentinck's D'Egville ;iu some
instances 100 to 1 bet.
200 to 6 „ Major Yarburgh's Easter (off)
200 to 6 „ Mr. Fait lie's The Hydra (off)
