had been thought by them as a thing impossible that a reformed Par-
liament would have met without the ministry holding out a promise
that they would he relieved of, at least, a portion of their burdens.—
When he (Mr. H.) asked the noble lord (Althorp,) the other day,
whether it was his intention to do away with a useless military sine-
cure, the noble lord answered " No." Coupling that answer with
other circumstances, he regretted to be obliged to come to the condi:,
sion that his Majesty's ministers had no intention to reduce taxation.
Ile was quite sure that the disappointment would be dreadfully felt,
not only throughout all England, but in Scotland also. The reform
bill itself would be useless, unless it was followed up by measures of
relief to the people ; and he hoped that his Majesty's ministers would
state that it was entirely owing to an error in the King's speech, that
the subject of the taxes was omitted. He objected to the house tax,
and also to that most odiouaand disgraceful of all taxes—he meant the
window tax. (Hear, hear!) If ministers did not immediately take
hp the matter as they ought, it would be a disgrace to a reformed
House of Commons not to take up the question themselves. (Hear!)
Again, with reference to the speech, the disturbance of Portugal wies
placed in front of it, as if that subject should take precedence of all
other interests. When the wants of this country were so pressinea
was it to be endured, that a foreign nation, like Portugal, should oc-
cupy the attention of the house 1 His own opinion with regard to
Portugal was this, and he had often expressed it before, that the peo-
ple there ought to be left to settle their own differences. (Hear, hear!)
The true policy of this country ought to be, not to interfere with other
nations while we had grievances to adjust of our owm (Hear.) With
respect to the quarrel between those rival nations, Holland and Bel-
gium, he was equally opposed to our interference. He declared that
we ought never to have lent ourselves to an interference in the °Altars
of Belgium and Holland. He put it to the house to say, whether the
affairs of our own country were to be overlooked .and neglected, in
order to adjust the differences of rival states. There was one part of
the King's speech, and he believed he might say one only, in which
he cordially concurred : he alluded to the passage in which his Ma-
jesty referred to the good understanding which existed between this
country and France, and the likelihood of a continuance of a friendly
feeling. He was convinceillthat nothing was more likely to conduce
to the general peace of 'Europe than a good understanding between
this country and France; our nearest, most powerful, and most en-
lightened neighbour. (Ilear.) Ile, therefore, most readily concurred
in the alliance formed with that country, and he hoped that his Ma-
jesty's government would take every opportunity to improve it.
Ile hoped the too long delayed questions of the Bank and East India
Company would now be speedily settled. As to the Church, the best
means to save it, and keep the people within its pale, would be a
thorough reform. lie (Mr, Hume) had never, in that house, or any-
where else, advocated or maintained the: spoliation of the Church
establishment, but he would tell the noble lord, that if suchn reform
in the abuses of the Church, as that he had mentioned, were much-
longer delayed, a spoliation of the Church would eventually take
place. He therefore trusted, that the changes that werts new to he_
made in the Church establishment would be as ample as the country
desired. He protested against the sentiment of the speech, that an
established church was useful to religion. Even in Scotland this idea
is beginuing to be abolished. With regard to Ireland, he was not pre-
pared to put confidence in the ministers, nor to vote them the 'rimers-
which they called for, until they proved by their acts that they %sera
determined to alter the system of govennnent there. Mr. O'eennea
had given a terrifying list of grievances, and Messrs. Macauley and
Grant had attempted to answer therri by discussing a tapie nit alluded
to in the debate. (Hear.) He (Mr. Ilume) was of opinion that Ire-
land, being the poorer country, obviously benefited by its intercaerse
with' the richer country—England. (Hear, hear.) Entertaining that
conviction, he was for maintaining the union ; but he was for a% hat
Pitt said it should be—a real union. (Cheers.) it, however, a re-
forthed Parliament should refuse to redress the wrongs of 1 relinal, and
he must say that, from what he now saw, it seemed to refuse such
address—(lvutt and general cries of " No, no," mingled with cries of
" Hear, hear," from several of the Irish members)—if the reforined
parliament should proceed in that way, he certainly would.abandon
his sapporrof the union. There was reason enough, however, for
refusing the poWers demanded, when they recollected that the right
honourable secretar/ .had broken pledged faith with the House re-
specting the Graiid Airy Bill. (Hear.) Again, the right honourable
gentleman talked of tialudge alterina the law, and yet did not-impeach
him. (Hear, hear.) Were law administered in England as it is in Ire-
land, would Englishmen be quiet ? No. Were Irishmen, then, not
to resist ? Until Mr. Stanley's ill-judged tithe-bill, Ireland had been
quiet. Who was the agitator, then ? IVhy, Mr. Stanley. If mortal
man could have averted the danger with which the country was
threatened, it was the hon. member for Dublin. Most anxious had he
been to..du so ; hislionafriend. would have gone upon imis kueees to
avert the danger. But what are the circumstances of the ease ? In
the tithe question there were four divisions. To three of these the
Irish members agreed. The fourth was id•otested against, not only by
the hon. member for Dublin, but also by: such men 'as Sir J. New-
port and Sir H. Parnell, who, he much regretted, were. no, :longer
members of that house. In vain, however, did these parties strueeaele.
The right honourable secretary for Ireland was inexorable. Ile (Mr.
11.) had expected better things from Lord Grey. Ile had expected
more firmness—more liberality of feeling. But he must be under
some malignant influence, thus to contradict the professions and the
practice of his whole life. The arrcar of tithes would have been paid
if they.had stopped short of their fourth measure. But ministers stifled
the voice of Ireland by their packed majority, and Irishmen were
forbidden to meet to petition against tithes. Had such tyranfiy been
practised in England,' the peopl might have been cat down and de-
stroyed • but they would, like the brave Irish, have resisted to the
last, and they would have triumphed in the end as, the.. Inaba will.
Mr. Stanley and Lord Althorp had pledged themselves to remedial
measures when they asked for that abused power, bat in the year
that was passed what have they done 1 'The vestry- ergs, the sacra-
ment tax, the. church rate, the tithe oppression, -rotitiquOil... The
country was invaded with infantry and dragoons, a civil Near raged in
that country, and all to support a whim of Mr. Stanley: (Hear.) A
regiment of husSars was ordered to capture a pig, a .battalion of in-
fantry to, seize a cow : was this to maintain the diamity.of the law ?
If Lord Grey's government was so weak that it dared, pot he just, so
cowardly as to be cruel,—if Lords Brougham andaAltlibip, and Mr.
Stanley and others furget their pledges, let the House of Commons,
reformed to redress grievances, endeavour to prevent them. (Hear I)
They would forget their duty. if they were to grant extraordinai
powers without first ascertaining that. they were necessary to he
granted, and therefore he should be happy if his honourable and
learned friend, the member for Dublin, would waive his amendment,
in order that the amendment of the right honourable gentleman, the
member for Lambeth, might be put. (Hear.) The ministry had
called Mr. O'Connell, King of Ireland, ascribing to him a king's power ;
let them grant his demand, a redress .of grievances, and that power
and royalty would he used to restore tranquillity. (Hear.) He then
repeated the sense of Mr. Tennyson's amendment, promising support
to the King after due investigation and pledging themeelves to 'the
support of the union against all lawless attempts to defeat it. (Hear !)
Mr. R. Fent:l:sox entreated the house to place confidence in mi-
nisters who merely asked that the police should be strengthened while
insubordination prevailed. . lie was in favour of poor-laws for the
helpless, but not for the able-bodied. The property of the church .
was state property, and could be applied to secular purniaes. In a
short period, ministers, he was certain, would prove that ihey had the
real welfare of. Ireland at heart.

Major BEAUbLERg warned the government of the dangers they Were
incurring, of the precipice to which they were rushing headlbivg; by
the conduct at presentadopted towards Ireland. lie thought that the
measures of a first reformed Parliament should he of a benevolent and
considerate character, rather than of a tone suited to the feelings of
the late House of Commons: The sarirings of the people of Eng-
land were inferior only to those of the Irish, and he called upon mi-
nisters to relieve them by reducing our overgrown establishments.
The English people sympathised with the distress of their Irish fel-
low-subjects, instead of being actuated, as Mr. O'Connell had declared,
by unkind feelings towards them. The'people of England did sympa-
thise with them,—did feel for thein,felt that they were oppressed
and ill-used unmeritedly. The Irish were a gallant, a highminded,
and a generous people, and might be turned to any course, and bound
to any government, by kindness and fair treatment. But certain gen-
tlemen would find out, that they were not to be shot in the woods
like so many snipes.
Mr. L. HALL said he would support the address ; but he hoped that
the Irish secretary would speedily inform the house of what he in-
tended to propose for the relief of Irish distress. Ile was utterly op-
posed to the repeal of the union, but called upon government to adopt
a system of poor-laws, and other measures for pacifying the country.
Mr. TANCRED said he considered that the evils under which Ireland
laboured were too complicated to admit of their being remedied by
the repeal of Grand Jury Acts, Trespass Acts, or other partial mea-
sures. If, as stated by Mr. Grattan, out of 8,00,000 only 1,600,000
were engaged in agriculture ; if the country were really on the brink
of a volcano, as stated by Mr. O'Connell • if half the statements, they
had heard repeated were true, he thought' that, rather than suffer so
horrible a state of things to go on; they would even be justified in
sending out some great military commander, the Duke of Wellington,
fo: example,—to rule over Ireland as •a dictator, and bid him take care
ne quid detrimenti respublica caperet.
Mr. O'CoNNELL rose to order. He wished the words of the hon.
member to be taken down. Ile wished to know whether it was con-
sistent with the usages of Parliament for any member to presume to
.
of dictator for Ireland?
altatStr-E-saKlEVls'atettat he supposed Mr. Tant•red was speaking hy-
pothetically when suggesting a dictator for Ireland. In the course of
the debate'last night a similar hypothesis was suggested in reference
to a King of Ireland. (Great cheering and laughter.)
Mr. TANCRED resumed. lie had not the remotest wish to apply an
offensive expression to Ireland ; he only meant to give a strong ex-
pression of the present deplofable state of the sister country. lie
went into a long argument to prove that want of employment was the
grand source of political discontent ha Ireland. He also read from a
paper with which he had been furnished by Sir Henry Parnell, a state-
ment of the income of trade and a7r., icultural produce in Ireland since
the union, and maintained that the repeal of the union would be
highly injurious to its working population.
1 RIDAY.

Petitions were presented by Lord MORPETII, from Denbigh,
for the abolition of slavery. •Bv Lord ASHLEY, for protection
to factory children. His lordship hoped to revise Mr. Sad-
ler's bill on this subject. Mr. DOUGLAS hoped that Mr. Sadler
would not be 'deprived of the honour of that measure. Mr.
O'CoNNELn and Sir J. HounousE concurred in that sentiment.
Lord Monunin had no objection to the noble lord's bringing
forward the bill, although he belonged to no manufacturing dis-
trict.7-By Mr. RICHARDS, from Knaresborough, for the Obser-
vance of the -Sabbath. By Admiral ADASI, with the same
prayer from Tillieoultry. And by Mr. FVU,I, from Overton.
air A. AGNEW would have a special commission to sit on this
Subject. The sessional orders were agreed to. •
Election petitions were presented complaining of undue re-
turns for the boroughs of Weymouth, bodford, and Hereford.
The first was ordered to be taken into consideration on Thurs-
day fortnight,. the second on Tuesday the sth of March, and
the last on Thursday the ith of March.
Notices of motion were given--by Mr. Hume, for the parti-
culars in the army estimates ; and for the 15th instant, for in-
quiry into the state of the public accounts of the payments out
of the Exchequer. By Mr. Dixon, for returns of the public
charities of England and Wales; and by Mr. O'Connell, a si-
milar return for Ireland.

THE QUAKER MEMBER.
Among the persons who appeared to be sworn at the table
