OUR CONTEMPORARIES.

We can seldom place much faith in the veracity of the
Whig-radical press, but we do certainly think, that in their
reports of public meetings a little decency might be ob-
served, and at any rate personalities might be avoided, even
towards those parties whose opinions and facts happen to be
opposed to those of the reporter or his party. The cause
must be weak indeed which requires the aid of misrepresen-
tation and ridicule to support it.
The Mercury of Friday last proposes to furnish his readers
with a report of the proceedings of the Anti-slavery meet-
ing held on Thursday evening, at which an assertion of Mr.
Scoble, the itinerant agitator of the society, called forth from
one of our most respectable merchants a complete refuta-
tion, supported by facts, against which, even Mr. Scoble in.
vain attempted to bear up, and corroborated by the evidence
of another gentleman, who spoke from personal experi-
ence upon the subject. We pass over the attempts made by
Mr. Scoble to wriggle out of the dilemma in which he felt

himself placed, our object being only to notice the extremely
unfair and insolent tone in which this portion of the pro-
ceedings is given by the Mercury. The gentleman who cor-
roborated the statements of Mr. Semple, and who is in every
sense of the word as respectable a man as any in the meet-
ing, is described by the reporter as " a person with red hair,
who had planted himself behind Mr. Semple ;" and in
another place is very impertinently described as " the red-
haired dissentient." We are not aware that the gentleman
in question will care a straw for the vulgarity of these allu-
sions, but we must express our opinion, that the real friends
of the Anti-slavery Society are not consulting the interest of
the cause which they have in hand by tolerating so unworthy
a mode of treating those who, though quite as sincere as
themselves, in the wish to see Great Britain and her colo-
nies freed from the contamination of slavery, are at the same
time of opinion that that object cannot be promoted by gross
misrepresentations of facts and systematic endeavours to
create a sensation in its favour at the expense of truth.

The Journal has a long article upon the subject of the late
decision of the Dock Committee, by which the motion car-
ried by Mr. Robertson Gladstone in favour of admitting
reporters to the meetings of the Dock Trustees was re-
scinded. It is seldom, indeed, that the Conservative press
is found ranged under the same banner with the organs of
Whig radicali3m. On this question, however, the press of
Liverpool appears to be unanimous ; and, perhaps, Mr.
Alderman Leathom and his supporters may find it to their
advantage to respect so undeniable an evidence of the direc-
tion of public opinion. The ,correspondence between the
Alderman and Mr. Robertson Gladstone, which we pub-
lished on Friday, will not be without its effect upon the minds
of our townsmen. •

There are few people who are not aware how important a
weapon in the hands of the whig faction, is the faculty " of
enormous lying." Our contemporary, the Chronicle, is an
especial adept in the use of this favourite weapon of his
party, and in a leading article of his last publication, gives
full swing to his propensity.
It will be remembered that an expression of Mr. W. E.
Gladstone, the member for Newark, during the debate on
the China question, was received by the ministerial benches
as a justification of the Chinese authorities for resorting
even to the extreme measure of poisoning the wells from
which British traders in opium were accustomed to draw
their supplies of water. This misunderstanding of the sense
which Mr. Gladstone intended his words to convey, was
promptly rectified by that gentleman himself, and admitted
by Lord Palmerston and others during the debate. Yet the
Chronicle following in the wake of other equally unprin-
cipled journals, persists in affixing to the character of Mr.
Gladstone the stain which so atrocious a sentiment would

justly have brought upon it. The friends of that gentle-
man can well afford to despise an attack, which coming from
such a source must be harmless. The animus, however, of

the Editor of the Chronicle, is plainly evinced ; the dispo-
sition to bite is not the less manifested, because the gums
are toothless ; the senseless slaver of the toad is still hateful
and nasty, although it may not contain the venom of the
serpent.

Our contemporary of the Times, unlike any other of his
contemporaries, defends the policy of excluding reporters
from the meetings of the Dock Committee. We cannot,
however, say much in favour of his arguments, which, in our
opinion, apply quite as much to the policy of giving publicity

to the proceedings of the Council as to those of the Committee.
The former as well as the latter have contracts to make, ser-
vants to engage and discharge, and discussions to carry on,
which at times are " totally unfit to meet the public eye,"
and may " lead to a mischievous exposure of the affairs of
individuals ;" and we perfectly coincide with the opinion of
our contemporary, and its applicability to both, that " a talk-
ing body is seldom a working body." We wonder the Times
has not hinted this fact to another assembly, which is pecu-
liarly a talking body.

t may, no doubt, be very convenient to some parties that

the details of the proceedings of the Dock Committee should
not be " laid open to the public gaze prematurely." It
should be remembered, however, that it is these very details

which the public wish to inspect. A portion of the Dock

Committee is composed of members returned by thc mercan-
tile body, and whilst their opinions are, on every question of
importance, overborne by the majority returned by the Cor-
poration, the public have a right to know on what grounds
thole opinions are opposed. The majority can carry their
own dicta to the Council Chamber, where they are duly
ushered forth to the public as the fruits of the collective wis-
dom of the Dock Committee ; but the arguments and the
protests of the mercantile community, who have no seats in
the Council, are dropped at the door. "So long as the pro-
ceedings have to pass under the review of the representatives

of the burgesses of Liverpool, and to receive their sanction
before they possess any force," our contemporary argues that
" publicity is fully provided for." We maintain that it is
no such thing. The public only know so much of the pro-
ceedings of the Dock Committee as those of its members,
who belong to the Council, choose to reveal through the pro-
ceedings of the Council. The opinions of the majority of the
Dock Committee are revealed ; but those of the minority we
are entirely unacquainted with. The public see the results
attained, but they want to see the working of the machinery.
We are not surprised that our contemporary should take
the illiberal side upon this question. The aristocratic section
of the whig party, of which he is the organ, appear resolved
to cut off all connexion and sympathy with their fellow
townsmen, and to earn the thorough contempt of every
member of the community. We hope they will not be disap-
pointed.

CAUTION TO MATES, STEWARDS, AND OTHERS.—On
Tuesday last, a very respectably clad young man, named
William Sunter, was placed before Mr. Rushton, to meet;a
charge of having smuggled a quantity of tobacco. Mr.
Brooks, of the customs, was present, and his officers proved
that about 33 lbs. of what is called Cavendish (foreign manu-
factured) tobacco was found in the cabin of the ship Margaret
Johnson, from Charleston, then lying in the Victoria Dock,—
part of it in a wine locker, under some bottles of wine ; and
part of it under a berth or sleeping place. It appeared from
the evidence that, on being questioned about it, the prisoner
owned that, with the exception of a small quantity, it belonged
to him. When called upon for his defence he made a simi-
lar admission, and pleaded his ignorance of the laws of the
country,—he not having been more than two voyages to sea.
The owner and the mate of the ship he had sailed with gave
him a good character. Mr. Rushton regretted that the fact
being proved, he had no power to mitigate the penalty, in
which he must convict him,—namely, £lOO. He should,
however, assist him to memorialize the Lords Commissioners,
and he was glad to add that, on consulting Mr. Brooks, that
gentlemarovould also recommend a mitigation of the penalty.
CHURCH OF ENGLAND LIFE AND FIRE ASSURANCE
AND ANNUITY COMPANY.:—This company, whose adver-
tisement in a remodelled form appears this day in our co-
lumns, is, we understand, rapidly progressing, the numbers
of its supporters daily increasing by the adhesion of gentle-
men of high standing and great influence. It will be seen
that it has been much strengthened by a junction with the
" City of London Annuity Company," with their large
paid-up capital and already-established business. The pro-
spectuses, •we are informed, will be issued in a few days,
when it will be seen that the company has the high sanction
and patronage of a many of the bishops of our church, as well
as the nobility, who take a lively interest in its success. We
are glad to observe the mare of our respected townsman,
Samuel Holme, Esq., in connexion with the company here ;
and we have no doubt that it will receive the cordial support
of all the friends and members of the Church of England.
GAME CERTIFICATES.—The following notice relative to
the alteration of the time at which Game Certificates expire,
we presume will be of service to our sporting friends
" Notice is hereby given, that by the 3d sec. of the Act 2
and Victorite, c. 35, it is enacted, that all certificates for
taking or killing game,- granted and in force at the time of
the passing of the said act (29 July 1839,) and all such cer-
tificates granted after that date, and before the 6th of July
1840, instead of expiring on the sth day of April 1840, shall
continue in force until the sth day of July 1840 ; and that all
such certificates which shall be granted at any time after the
sth day of July 1840, shall continue in force until and upon
the sth day of July next after the time of issuing the same."
INCREASE OF LtypateooL.—Notwithstanding the dullness
of trade, houses have never, within our recollection, been in
greater demand than they are at present in this town. About
five or six years ago, it was estimated that there were five
thousand houses to let in Liverpool and the neighbourhood,
building having been a complete mania for some time ; but
so rapid has been the increase of the population since that
time, that there is now scarcely a house to be had, for love
or money, either in the town or environs. No sooner is a
good house announced as being to let, than it is applied for
by half a dozen persons; and in one case that we have heard
of, a dozen persons applied for a house on the same day, and
two of them got to very high words about it. If it had not
been for the dullness of trade and the scarcity of money,
building would have recommenced before this time with great
vigour.—Liverpool Times.
PREJUDICES.—Every country has particular prejudices
with regard to accelerating personal improvements ; but,
with a few barbarian exceptions, a set of fine teeth is an
object of general solicitude. The present age abounds in
useful and elegant discoveries (says an eminent member of
the faculty) but all yield in beauty and utility to ROWLAND'S
ODONTO, which, as an embellisher and preserver of the
teeth, and consequent promoter of comfort and attraction, is
certainly the first dentifrice of the present age.—See advt.
FEMALE ORPHAN ASYLUM.—We refer with great plea-
sure to• the public meeting advertised to promote the esta-
blishment of a Liverpool Female Orphan Asylum. It is pro-
posed to extend its benefits to a distance of seven miles from
the Liverpool Exchange, and it is hoped that the support of
it will be extensive and liberal. The object must excite ge-
neral sympathy and interest. We learn that the Rev. Jona-
than Brooks and the Rev. Hugh M`Neile have kindly pro-
mised their influence and assistance, by moving the leading
resolutions.
HALIFAX AND BOSTON STEAMERS.—The steam-packets
between Liverpool and Halifax and Boston will commence
sailing from this port on Saturday, the 16th of May. This,
we believe, will be the shortest voyage across the Atlantic.
It will realize the plan proposed many years ago in Mac-
gregor's British America, and more fully developed by Judge
Halyburton, in his memoirs of the immortal Sara Slick.

RAILWAY INTELLIGENCE.

STATE AND PROSPECTS OF THE SHARE
MARKET.

We have viewed with considerable satisfaction the piogres-

sive improvement in the market for railway property, which
we thought was at one time depressed to a greater extent
than any merely financial difficulties warranted. We are
still of opinion that in many stocks there is ample room for
improvement, but we must confess that we do not altogether
regard with pleasure the feverish tone which our share mar-
ket has evinced during the past week. It is certainly natural,
that when so many great works are drawing towards comple-

tion, the public attention should.be directed towards them,
and, the exact cost being ascertained, that purchasers for in-
vestment should become more frequent, and an advance in
price be the result. But we cannot conceal from ourselves
the fact, that, for the last week the feeling under which pur-
chases have been made has gone a little beyond the point
which intrinsic circumstances have warranted. We are not
satisfied that any stock has been sold too high, but we do
not regard as a healthy sign the sudden impulse by which
these prices have been realized.
It may certainly be said, and we trust such is the case,

that the present activity in the share market is produced by
a reviving confidence in the prospects of our commerce gene-
rally, and in the security of our financial affairs. We have
no doubt, that, to a considerable extent this is true ; and,
provided our speculators do not allow their eagerness to out-
run the just limits of prudence, we shall be satisfied. But
we must deprecate any approach to the reckless and gambling
spirit which was displayed a few years ago, and which has
entailed upon us evils so deeply felt and so widely spread.
The consequences of another revulsion, similar to that out of
which we are just emerging, would throw incalculable diffi-
culties in the way of a system, which, if allowed to progress
steadily and with a healthy speed, cannot but tend to promote
the happiness and the comfort of the community.

MIDDAND COUNTIES' RAILWAY.—The works on this
line as far as Leicester arein an extreme state of forwardness,
and there is not the least doubt the first week in May will see
the train flying over the high embankment, or through the
deep cuttings to that place. From Long Eaton to Sutton
Bonnington, two lines of rails are completed—the splendid
bridge over the Trent being now crossed by engines and trains
of waggons, and the tunnel being also quite passable. At
Sutton Bonnington there is a deep cutting beside the church-
yard, and a station is building, which will require some little
work, but the number of hands employed will soon complete
that. Past Normanton-on-Soar and Loughborough all is
finished, the station at the latter place being a very large one;
but at Barrow-upon-Soar there still remains cosiderable cut-
ting to be done, one place being cut down to 50 or 60 feet
and not being yet completed. At Cossington there is a little
work, but at Silehy this is counterbalanced by there being a
total completion, comprising several very high bridges, which
support the line above the village streets, and also some ex.
ceedingly deep cuttings. At Syston, the bridges and station
are also nearly finished, the latter being only one story high,
but very compact, and containing plenty of room. At Thur-
maston, about 1. miles from Leicester, a piece of embankment
is yet to be laid, and about a mile from Leicester there is
some embankment required, but near to Leicester the works
are in an extreme state of forwardness. The station is a noble
one ; the front facing the street is supported by five huge
iron pillars. The engine house, depot for carriages, work-
shops for engineers, &c., are on a most extensive scale. The
bridges across the railway at Leicester. viz., across the Hum-
berstone-road, London-road, &c. are finished, but at the top
of New Walk, a tunnel is being built which will require some
time to complete. About a mile and a half past Leicester, a
very fine viaduct is in course of erection ; and at Rugby ano-
ther viaduct, not equalled by any in the kingdom for work-
manship, is finished. In short, on the whole, the line may
be fairly said to have sprung into being, so quick has been
its progress. A new plan has been adopted at Leicester in
building the bridges, viz., to build the side walls so high as
to prevent any one looking over, and thus at the same time
protecting numbers from accidents. The process of blasting
is much practised nt Leicester. In conclusion, we are sorry
to add, that within the last fortnight two men have been
killed on the works at separate times. A horse was also
killed ou Tuesday morning week, by falling down an em-
bankment. The Directors intend giving a grand opening
day when the trains run to the Rugby station for the first
time.—Notts Review.
EDINBURGH AND GLASGOW RAILWAY.—This line of rail-
way is getting on rapidly, and the tunnel in Bell's Park is
getting forward at a quick rate. There are three steam-en-
gines employed at this tunnel, bringing up the stones and
rubbish at three holes, technically called " eyes," and a great
quantity of stuff is brought up in the course of a day.—Glas-
gow Chronicle.
We understand that since the opening of the Great West-
ern line to Reading, the last of the Bath and Bristol coaches
has been put upon the railway. The same has been the case
with the Oxford and other coaches.

THE LATE VESTRY MEETING.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

Slit,—Will you allow me, through the medium of your
paper, to make a few remarks upon the conduct of an indi-
vidual named Clarke. at the vestry meeting of yesterday.
The purposes for which the parishioners were assembled
might have been effected in one hour, had it not been for
the idle, frivolous, and worse than useless objections and
amendments of this person, who, as you will perceive by the
report published in this day's Courier, had nearly all the
talk to himself.

Now, if this gentleman's time was of no value to himself
or to his respectable employers, he ought to have considered
that " time was the estate" of a great portion of the pa-
rishioners then assembled, and that they could ill afford to
waste two hours each in listening to his nonsense. Two
hours to an individual may be nothing, but when multiplied
by four or five hundred, it becomes a large portion of time,
and the work that might have been gone through in that
time would amount to a very heavy sum, the whole of which
is for ever lost, because an old garrulous gentleman delights
to play the orator, to the amusement no doubt of himself,
but to the utter disgust of the greater portion of his hearers.
This letter is written in perfect good feeling : the writer
does not like to see old age making a laughing-stock of it-
self, and he therefore trusts that Mr. Clarke's good sense
will deter him from ever again furnishing the public with
such an exhibition.

22d April, 1840.

I am, sir, yours, &c.,
A TRADESMAN.

OPENING THE BOTANIC GARDEN ON THE

SABBATH DAY.

TO nig EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

Liverpool, 22d April, 1840.
Sut,—Will you permit me through your valuable columns
to call the attention of the Proprietors of the Botanic
Gardens, to the important question which will he submitted
to them next Tuesday, viz., whether they will sanction the
opening of the Garden to the public on the Lord's day.
To those who have erroneous or inadequate views as to the
obligation of christians to " Remember the Sabbath-day, to
keep it holy," it may appear a very desirable arrangement to
allow the public an opportunity
.of spending a part of that
day, by taking a walk in the garden ; but I trust the number
of persons holding such sentiments, forms a small propor-
tion of the proprietors of our institution. Surely none who
are in the habit of responding " Incline our hearts to keep
this law," will be so inconsistent as to give their votes to
tempt others to break it; and surely there are also many,
who, although they do not correspond, love that holy law as
much, and will join in the determination of withholding their
sanction to a measure, the carrying of which would delight
the hearts of the worshippers in the new " Temple of
Science" and promote their objects, as well as prove a snare
to others who ought to be assembling together for christian
worship.
Our senior Rector occupies a place in the direction of the
Garden, and as one who is especially called upon to be a
guardian of public morals, we may rely upon his vigilance
and zeal to perform his part. It only requires that the pro-
prietors should rally round him by attending the meeting,
and showing by their votes that no expectation of pecuniary
assistance, however desirable, will bribe them to sanction
sucha violation of christian principle and morals.
I would suggest, that instead of admitting the public on
Sunday, they be admitted on another day of the week ; and
if it be objected that the working people could not reap the
advantage of such an arrangement, I reply, that from April
to September is the only season that the gardens are worth
visiting, (except the hothouses, into which the public could
not, under any circumstances, be indiscriminately admitted ;)
and those persons whose avocations prevented their visiting
the gardens during the day, might go in the evening, as the
gardens might be kept open till dusk. Besides, the arrange-
ment would afford an opportunity for that large and import-
ant class, whose religious principles would prevent their
going on the Lord's day, and the benefit proposed to be con-
ferred would therefore be larger, if another day were adopted.
I remain, yours respectfully,
A PROPRIETOR.

MR. SCOBLE AND HIS MIS-STATEMENTS.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

SIR,—In your paper of Friday I am glad to find your pro-
mise to do Mr. Scoble justice, the harangue of that gentle-
man on the conduct and earnings of the emancipated negroes,
was made with the most manifest disregard of that honour
and honesty, which the British West India planters, as a
body, had the most unquestionable moral right to expect and
require from him.
The principles of philanthropy, which, no doubt, he would
refer to as the rule of his conduct in assuming to stand forth
as public arbiter between the negro and the planter, most
imperatively required, that he should impartially and unre-
servedly have declared the whole truth, and not as with the
morbid imagination and malicious notices of a partizan, la-
bour to give a false,bias to the beans on the fulcrum of JUS-
TICE, who on a true and unreserved statement of all the facts
and circumstances by and relating to each party, can alone
righteously weigh the question, as it were, in her scales and
show the world which party is found wanting.
Recrimination is not the handmaid of philanthropy, neither
will the advocates of the negro advance his interests by cen-
suring his employers. If the abolitionists be sincere, in the
avowed wish to improve the social and moral condition of
the negro, they should endeavour to beget in him a habit of
industry and to reconcile him to, not set him at enmity with
his master, which latter they are most certainly doing by
their libellous public harangues, in my opinion begetting a
national evil, that even now calls for the prompt interdiction
of government.

Your townsman, Mr. Semple, stood nobly forward to ex-
pose the fallacies and sophistry of Mr. Scoble, for which the
whole body of West India planters are greatly indebted to
Mr. Semple, apathetic as the planters are to all wrongs com-
mitted upon them, surely they must now perceive the neces-
sity of resorting to counter harangues, or rather of giving to
the world in public lectures and in print an unvarnished and
irrefutable statement of all the facts, pro and con, in order
the most effectually to disabuse the mind of the British peo-
ple of the one-sided representations of Mr. Scoble and his
adherents, to confront them, visa vie, and to put these ma-
lignant libellers to the blush.
What are the secretaries of the West India associations in
Loudon, Liverpool, and other places doing, not to challenge
public discussion on the correlative situation and conduct of
the negroes and planters.
Since slavery is totally abolished in all her Majesty's do-
minions and colonies, is it compatible with the welfare of the
British nation, that any Anti-Slavery Society agitators or
dictators, should be allowed to exist and prowl about within
her realms ?
As the Irishman who went across the street to borrow the
loan of a door knocker to wake the people on the opposite
he
t
i
side of the street, so the Rev. Mr. Keap comes 08
Atlantic
to rouse to borrow
the
the trumpetsyanke eo
abolitionists
bt
oh
lei
tEi
on, lsitssh
oAnn
Anti-Slavery
othervery
agitators
side. up
will oblige
Your insertion of the above in youAr
stou-mßosrcroßwl'Bs
April 20th, 1840.

DEAFNESS.-Mr. Swift, surgeon and aurist, Huddersfield,
whose numerous certificates of cures have so often appeared
in the Leeds Mercury and other Yorkshire papers, has en-
gaged rooms at the Golden Cross, Sir Thomas's-buildings,
and will visit Liverpool a few days every three weeks.--(See
advertisement.)

LIVERPOOL MARINERS' CHURCH.

Yesterday, the annual meeting of the subscribers to and
the friends of the Mariners' Church was held in the Float-

ing Church, George's Dock, for the purpose of receiving the
report of the committee for the past year, with a statement
of the treasurer's accounts, and for the furtherance of the
general objects of this excellent institution. There were a

'proportion
number of persons present, including a large
of ladies, and some individuals of the class for

whose especial benefit the church was established, and they
appeared to take great interest in the proceedings. The
Rev. R. RAIRES, chancellor of the ditoce.se, was called to
the chair, after which the Rev. W. MAYNARD, the chaplain,
implored the divine blessing.
The CHAIRMAN, after having shown that the prosperity
of our national commerce depended on the blessing of God,
proceeded to say, that it was somewhat disheartening to find
the example of the establishment of this church to slowly fol-
lowed in other localities. If a foreigner or a traveller were
to traverse the line of the Liverpool docks, and see the wealth
and population concentred about them, and then find, that
out of the whole number, there was but one which had a
church, (and that by no means adequate to the accommoda-
tion of those for whose benefit it was designed,) he-4would at
once say there was groundfor an earnest appeal to the wealthy
and affluent, for means of supplying the spiritual necessitirsof
our maritime population. Many were not aware how much
the wealth upon which their hearts were fixed depended upon
the moral character of our maritime population. It was
within our own recollection that some of the greatest ob-
struction's to the commercial prosperity of the country had
arisen simply from the misconduct of our seafaring men.
Look at the state of our relations with China, for instance.,
Our difficulties with that extensive country had almost en-
tirely grown out of the irregularity committed by some of
our sailors; and, in short, some of the most difficuit nego-
ciatioas and the most difficult points in our commercial his-
tory had arisen from outrages committed upon inoffensive na-
tives by careless, proffigate!sailors, whom we had sent out.
We were, in consequence, shut Out from the trade to China.

Similar misconduct might lead _to similar exclusion in

other parts ; and if our commercial wealth could be so in-

different to the moral character of the men employed in our
navy—if they could send out their sailors with IR) higher
principle than that of sense, the men thus neglected
would be the very cause of our destruction. (Hear, hear.)
In that way God would visit upon the commercial wealth
of England the punishment of the sin of having neglected
the moral and spiritual welfare of their men. It had always
constituted the peculiar charm of this church, that it seemed
to he the first attempt made by the commercial wealth of
England to give to seamen a decidedly religious character.
If the example had been generally followed, and tnariners'
churches had been supplied in proportion to other churches,
what might not have been the effect of those means of grace
upon our maritime population ! How many causes of offence
might have been taken away ! How many men who had
gone into eternity unprepared, with all their sins upon their
heads, and without having the joy and peace of believing,
might have been rescued from that fearful state ! He un-
derstood that the commercial seamen of this country

amounted to 200,000, and that the average loss per annum
was 1 per cent. on the whole, or 2,000 souls ! He hoped,
therefore, that the commercial wealth of this vast town and

port would not suffer these poor men, who were the sinews
of their strength and the means of their prosperity, to be
exposed to the perils of the deep without providing for them
the knowledge of that Saviour who alone could give them
calmness in the hour of danger, and strip death' of its ter-
rors. The rev. chairman concluded by calling on the chap-
lain to read the report.
The Rev. W. MAYNARD then read the report. It gave
a very interesting detail. of the state of the church anti
school, and a variety of other information, of which we
regret we are unable to give even an abstract.
The TREASURER next read a statement of his accounts,
from which it appeared that, after paying every demand,
there was a balance left in his hands of £B9.
The Rev. R. P. BUDDICOM moved the first resolution, to the

effect, that the report and the treasurer's statement be
printed and circulated. The rev. gentleman said that if ever
there was a society with more, vast and momentous objects
in view, or that aimed at greater or. more noble results than
another, and to which the support was in the inverse propor-
tion to the importance of its object, it was the Mariner's
Church. He, therefore, called upon the wealthy merchants
of the port to come to its assistance, and enable their poor
seamen to learn the way of salvation. Mr. Buddicom con-
cluded by moving the resolution.
The Rev. Mr. OLIVER, from Dublin, seconded the reso-
lution, and stated, that 18 years ago a mariner's chapel was
established in that city, since which period a church had been
erected. He was concerned to hear the small amount sub-
scribed by the numerous and opulent ship-owners of this
town, because he knew they were well capable of building
a church for every dock.
The resolution was then carried.
The Rev. HUGH 111'NEILE was called upon to move the
second resolution. He was glad (the reverend gentleman
said) to respond to the call of the Secretary of the Society
and the Minister of the Church; but he had a very different
expectation in going there. He was ashamed to address that
meeting—not of course ashamed of those who were there,
but of oar fellow-townsmen who were not there. He was
confounded at such a sight in Liverpool—at such a disgrace.
He remembered a number of years ago being in the,gallery
of the House of Commons, on the morning of which day
news had come of a French vessel having been over-
hauled, under peculiar circumstances, by one of our ships
of war, with slaves on board—slaves in circumstances
disgraceful to human nature. Mr. Wilberforce got up
and addressed the house for some time with great animation,
on the subject of the slave trade; and then, to the astonish-
ment of everybody, he said,'" Sir," turning to the Speaker,
" I am not speaking to this house—no : I am not speaking
to this country, but am speaking to France, to try if there
remains a blush upon her forehead." Now he (Mr. M'Neile)
would try to speak to the merchants of Liverpool, busied in
the things that perish—some of them giving nothing, and
others satisfied with giving a little of their money towards
this institution, and scarcely any of them finding time,
from the slavery of Maminon, to give the countenance
of their presence at the annual meeting of an institu-
tion like this, which ought to have been swelled and
multiplied by the number of docks along the river. It
was impossible to take an intelligent, though it were but
a passing view of this vast town, stretching itself north and
south along the banks •of the river, and spreading eastward
over the hills, without feeling that here was a city of mighty
influence for good or for evil ; and this impression was
strengthened when we entered into particulars, threading its
streets, contemplating its vast wealth, meeting its crowds of
all classes and conditions of men ; and when we looked fur-
ther, And . saw _the _highways and canals and railways con-
verging to it, each bringing their living tides of human na-
ture—the man of wealth for pleasure, the man of commerce
for business, and the man of science for investigation, from
all parts of the kingdom ; and when, again, turning our eyes
along the docks, we saw the flags of every nation under
heaven floating in the breeze,—these impressions, he said,
deepened the solemnity of our eternal responsibility. The
crowds that moved along the busy scene were passing
into eternity ! There, our commerce secured no profit
There, our banking-houses contained no treasure ! There
our machinery excited no pride ! There God was all in all,
the happiness of the intelligent creation ! To know him was
indeed to he happy ; but there, there were no refuges of self
deceit, and not to know him was to be ruined for ever. Any
of our merchants might have in this world wealth the envy
of his competitors, character the admiration of his country,
amiability the cement and solace of his family circleand
social acquaintances, yet living without Christ and without
God in this world, and continuing so in the world to come,
—without God, without Christ, without happiness, without a
home, an eternal outcast from the harmony of creation, an
everlasting discord, an everlasting grating upon the car, hate-
ful to himself, hating the sight, because he could not partici-
pate in the enjoyment, of the happiness of heaven. All this
might be. All that wealth, knowledge, rank, and fame could
give a man in this world, was at the mercy of the merest ac-
cident. A falling timber, a sudden stroke of inward paraly-
sis, or an unexpected attack of fever might launch from the
sumptuous table, the purple and fine linen, a wretched crea-
ture into: eternity ; but the true knowledge of Jesus Christ,
God and man, satisfying God and sanctifying man, brought
a peace with it which lived untouched amidst the war
of elements, the wreck of matter, and the crush of
worlds ! This was what every man Should have, and
without it no man was safe., And if Christian knowledge
was so indispensiLls for every man in all circumstances, haw
much more urgently, speaking after the manner of men, was
it for those whose profession exposed them to multiplied
risks of sudden death ! Our mariners were exposed to mul-
tiplied risks : the perils of the sea were added to the common
perils of life. The mortality among them was great—one per
cent. per annum upon the whole seafaring population. The
risk, therefore, at once struck us as being multiplied among
men who spent so much of their time at sea, and as what
should give them habitual preparation. He (Mr. M`Neile)
was quite aware that even upon land what was called
special preparation for death, after a man was laid upon a
bed of sickness, was little to be depended upon ; but even
that little was not to be found in the case of the shipwrecked
seaman ; there remained no time, there was no visiting mi-
nister, no glimpse of hope whereon Christian benevolence
might grasp, and upon which Christian relatives might fix
fondly an eye of affectionate remembrance after the soul was
gone. Upon the contrary, the calamity of sudden death
with them was accompanied up to the very moment with
such an exasperation of the natural feelings, such an excite-
ment of the natural character and temper, as to provoke the
reiterated use of offensive language, and even the tone of
blasphemy, until the tongue was silnced in the grasp of death.
Oh! what became the duty of those who knew what Christian
feeling and principle and Christian happiness was, who knew
something of what death might be, because they had felt
God's wrath ? What became their duty—their plain and
obvious duty ? Was it to spend their whole time in the
things of this world ; to give their whole influence, their
whole thoughts, their reading and writing, all then calcula-
tions day after day all the year round, to the perishing no-
things of this world ? Was it to turn with cold disdain
and supercilious contempt upon the efforts made by British
Christians among the very men who were the instruments of
loading their tables with the choicest delicacies of every
clime, and clothing their bodies with the softest raiment that
could be brought from'every country? No. If there were a
just feeling of the responsibility that was laid upon the
British merchants who'occupied the palaces in and around
this town, as had been already said, there would be Mariners'
Churches by every dock, and the anniversary meetings of
this society would not be attended only by a straggling hand-
ful of people, but no room in the town would be able to con-
tain the merchants and their families, and their dependents,
who should be set loose from their daily occupations in order
to take part in it, that they might so swell and fill the benches
that the Amphitheatre could not hold them ; for what meet-
inga should so move Liverpool, as one man, as meet-
ing for her seamen? He protested, he stood in doubt
the exhibition of their Christian. feeling upon other
subjects, and about the genuineness of their Protest-
autism, when he saw the Atuphitheatr:
owPrmestant in-
the ceiling with meetings to expatiate on their
stitutions, whilst even this loophole (the Mariners' Church)
could not be filled for the Mariners' Church Society ! He
did not love such Protestantism, and lie was glad of this op-
portunity to say so. He had been requested to move, " That
whilst this meeting desires to return thanks to Almighty
God for the measure of success with which he has honoured
calls uponthe_c_le.rgy., the shipowners,
its labours, the society
the merchants, and the inhabitants
_roel.pv eihpeoroelv, f.ogi;inntclermeasa;
effect,T to set forth the
ed exertions in promoting italfa
then proceeded, astonishingwithitn
sinners. This, he continued,
amazing love of Got
is what we want to tell to sailors, and indeed to all
sinners. What we desire to lodge in their bosoms is a fruc-
tifyingfor we know be so produced
the fruits that will
seed,
For this purpose then, what should we have in such a town
as Liverpool? One little church for seamen, and one mes-
senger for grace? Aye, one at least for every dock !
(Cheers.) Nay, what should our merchants do for their
seamen ? If the men have leisure upon the Lord's day to go
to church, should, expense be considered for a moment ?
(Hear, hear.) Should not a large building be erected for
them immediately ? Land can be found when a warehouse
is wanted—(hear, hear)—land can be found whenever money
can be found—(cheers)—and what should hinder the money
being found for this object? It seems, however, as if the
larger the money of each man, the more loath be is to part
with it—it seems as if there was an attraction in money
and a gravitation in men that draws and keeps them to-
gether, and glues them to one another. The men of large
money should remember what Lord Bacon says : he
compares money to a dunghill—" keep it," he says, " in
a lump, and it corrupts ; but spread:it, and it is fructi-
fying manure." (Hear, hear, and cheers.) Every large
lump, then, should be broken up • and a large building should
be erected for the sailors on Sundays, upon or near the quays,
a building large enough for one, two, or three thousand peo-
ple, if you could get a man with a voice loud enough for them

to hear. That, indeed, would he a noble thing :it would he
a noble feature in our town, and I would rather be the mi-
nister of such a church, than a bishop. (Cheers.) The rev.
gentleman concluded, amidst loud applause, by moving the
resolution.

Captain WCULLEN seconded the resolution, and, is the
course of his address, he stated that the rapid depopulation
of New Zealand was owing to the vice and diseases trans-
planted thither by profligate British seamen. He mentioned
the various temptations they were exposed to in port, and ex-
pressed a most anxious desire for means to be taken to pro-
tect them, and to implant in them sound religious principles.
The resolution was then carried.
The Rev. J. H. STEWART proposed a vote of thanks to the
Rev. Mr. Maynard, and the gentlemen who bad acted as
officers for the last year; The rev. gentleman spoke at con-
siderable length on the necessity of merchants and shipowners
supporting this institution, and on the sin of despatching
their vessels on the Sabbath day.
The Rev. Mr. LAWRENCE seconded the resolution, and it
was carried.

Mr. T. B. HORSFALL moved the next resolution, but
before reading it he begged to refer for one moment to the
resolution moved by Mr. M'Neile. It was very rarely that
that gentleman omitted doing ample justice to any resolution
which he took in hand ; but on this occasion there had been
an omission on his part. He (Mr. Horsfall) admitted that
his (Mr. M'Neile's) remarks respecting merchants and
shipowners were very apt and very impressive; but the
resolution included also the clergy : it said that the
society called on the clergy also for increased exertions.
Now if he (Mr. Horsfall) might venture to make one remark,
it would be to request his rev. friend, and those of the
clergy who had addressed the meeting, regretting the
supineness of many merchants and shipowners, to address the
observations to which they had given such powerful utterance,
from their pulpits to their congregations on the Sabbath day.
He felt assured that the good seed thus sown would be
ripened, that there would be an abundant harvest, and, from
the influence those gentlemen had over their congregations,
lie was sure we need not despair of having, if not a church
for every dock, at least the large and magnificent building of
which Mr. M'Neile had spoken. He begged to move a vote
of thanks to the Chancellor of the Diocese for his kindness
in presiding over the meeting.
The Rev. Dr. TATTERSHALL seconded the motion.
The CHANCELLOR briefly returned thanks ; and the
Doxology having been sung and a blessing pronounced, the
meeting separated.

How seldom do we feel; perceive, or think of the small
beginnings of disease which surround and operate upon us in
our enjoyments and intercourse with the world.
" The young disease, which must subdue at length,
Grows with our growth, and strengthens with our strength."
An improper regimen acting upon a particular kind of con-
stitution, late hours, both of retiring to rest and rising in the
morning, lay the foundation of intestinal, as well as Ain
diseases. To all such we would recommend first a change of
system, and secondly, as a powerful assistant for the recovery
of health, that efficacious family medicine Frampton's Pill of
Health, which has procured the approbation of persons in
every station in society.—See advt.

There still remain 799 parishes in England and Wales which
have not been brought under the control of the Poor Law
CommisFioners.

It is stated that Mr. Miles Stapleton, of Carlton-hall,
near Snaith, has so clearly made out his title to the dor-
mant barony of Beaumont, that the Attorney-General in-
tends to offer no further opposition.
FAT BULLOCKS.-TWO fine beasts were:slaughtered this
week by Mr. William Woods, butcher, of Preston, the
heavier of which weighed 2,0101b5.. Both were fed by yr.
Thomas Wilkins, of Longtcm.—Prestos Chronicle.
SOCIAL CONDITION OF WOMAN IN PALESTINE.—AS
the reservoirs and the canals which supply Bethlehem as
well as Jerusalem with water, arc in ruins, and dry eleven
months in the year, the women are obliged to go a league to
fetch what they want for household use, and to bring it back
themselves in skins. Add to this the toil of climbing steep
hills under their burden, and then say, my dear friend, if it
be possible to suppress a painful feeling, especially when you
consider that this task is to be performed three or four times
a week. A few days since, I was taking a walk outside the
town with the cure: About three quarters of a mile from it,
we met with a young girl returning with her provision. She
had set down her skin upon a fragment of rock, and was
standing beside it, out of breath, and wiping the perspiration
from her face. Curious to know the weight of the skin, I
begged her to put it on my shoulders ; my request as-
tonished her not a little ; she nevertheless complied very
cheerfully. It was as much as I could do to take a few steps
under the burden. " Poor thing!" said I, as I threw it
down, looking at the cure, ",how old is she? Not more
than sixteen, I daresay."—" Sixteen !" said he ; " she is
not thirteen ;" and, addressing her in Arabic, he asked,
" How old are you my girl?"—" Twelve, sir." I took from
my pocket some pieces of money, which I handed to her,
and which she accepted with a lively demonstration of joy.
But to go so far for water is not the only task of the poor
Bethlehemites. The town is destitute of wood, nor is any to
be found nearer than some leagues. It is the women who are
obliged to provide this also. But what wrings one's heart,
and I must confess makes my blood boil, is to see these
wretched, worn-down, emaciated creatures, having misery
stamped on their faces, sinking beneath their loads, passing
in sight of their husbands, listlessly seated in the public
square,
_smoking and chatting by way of pastime ; while not
a thought ever enters the head of any of these heartless hus-
bands to relieve his partner of her burden, and to carry for
her at least from that spot to his home what she has had to
bring whole leagues. Is this all? No, my friend. At night,
with this wood which has cost such toil, she is obliged to heat
the water brought from such a distance, she has to wash the
feet of that man, then to cook his supper, then to wait upon
him standing—upon him and his eldest son—without taking
the least share in the meal, and to wait till they have done
before she can step aside to cat by herself what they have
left. * * The pen drops from my fingers. Is it possible
that a-sex so worthy of all the cares, of all the attentions, of
all the affections of man, can be thus treated by man? Is it
possible that she can be thus treated, who carries him in her
bosom, who brings him forth with pain, who suckles him with
her milk, who warms him on her heart, who rocks him upon
hev 'J(ees, who guides his first steps, who strives by educa-
tioo transfuse into him all that is gentle and kind, who de-
lights to throw a charm over his life, who shares his sorrows,
who best knows how to soothe his woes, to comfort him, to
nurse him in illness and infirmity, to lighten ,and sometimes
to embellish his old age, and to perform for him, untilhis last
moment, services of which any other courage, any other de-
votedness, any other love, would be incapable ? And that
at Bethlehem !—Baron Geramb's Travels in Palestine.
QUANTITY OF FOOD NECESSARY FOR HEALTH.—In the
present state of our knowledge, it may be assumed that the
quantity of food required by animals of every species, includ-
ing man, is the average quantity of plain food that they con-
sume in ordinary circumstances when the supply is not lim-
ited. The rations in the public service afford a fair standard.
The English soldier's daily ration is—bread, 16 ounces ; beef
dr mutton, 12 ounces, besides vegetables, sugar, coffee, &c.
The French soldier has—bread, 26 ounces ; meat, 8 ounces.
The carbon and nitrogen in the food represent its nutritive
power (Trout, Bridgewater Treatise) ; the nitrogen should
Amount to llounce, the carbon to 11 ounces. ''he carbon is
converted into carbonic acid, is burnt, in fact ; sustains the
temperature of the body at blood heat, and escapes in respi-
ration. The quantity of food should be proportional to the
intensity and quantity of labour ; the harvest man will con-
sume twice the amount of the soldier's ration, and twice as

much as he requires in the short winter days. The human
machine in this respect bears some resemblance to the steam-
engine. But there are reservoirs of nutritive matter in the
body; and a deficiency of half, or three-fourths, rarely pro-
duces any serious effect in less than 80 or 90 days, particu-
larly if the place of nutritive matter be supplied by earth,
&c. as it is in parts of America. From a very able memoir,
by Dalton, in the " Memoirs of the Manchester Philo-
sophical Society," it appears that he consumed, on an
average of fourteen days, 28 ounces of bread, oat-cake, and
pastry ; two ounces of potatoes, four ounces of butchers'
meat, nine ounces of cheese, 31 ounces of milk, 22 ounces
of tea and beer daily. The whole containing 111 ounces of
carbon, 11 ounce of nitrogen; nearly the same as the rations
in the public service. Assume, as we may very fairly, that
full diet would contain carbon, 11 ounces; nitrogen, 2 ounces,
= 13 ounces avoirdupois—then the workhouse dietaries of
the poor-law commissioners contain about 9 of these ele-
ments (B'7 ounces carbon, 1 ounce nitrogen), and the work-
house dietary is = 0'75 of full diet. Dr. Kay states that the
average expense of maintenance in the workhouses of Nor-
folk and Suffolk would be " 18, a-week, or about £5O a-year"
for a man, his wife, and four children ; and he found that of

120 families, whose number of children averaged 3'7 to a fa-
mily, the annual income, including the earnings of the wife
and children, was £35 9s. If the diet of the families out of
the workhouses is in the same proportion, or = o'B of the
workhouse dietary, it will follow the families of agricultural
labourers, in the employment of the great agriculturalists of
Norfolk and Suffolk, are upon but little better than half diet,
0.6 of full diet. The gross income is 4d. a-day per head ;
and this furnishes the rent, firing, clothing, &c., as well as
food. From a series of facts before ine, it appears that full
diet cannot be procured for adults for less than 10d. a-day.
Reduce it to 6d. for children, and the cheapness of coarse
food, then the result will differ little from that stated above.
The calculation proves to demonstration, that the agricultu-
ral labourer can purchase scarcely any animal food. This
appears to be the case :—the family subsists upon potatoes,
salt, bread (a limited quantity), and a small quantity of bacon.
—Dr. Farr 's Letter to the Registrar-General.
BURNING COAL MINES.--Letters and papers from the
department of the Allier, bring accounts of a remarkable
conflagration which broke out in the coal mines of Commen-
try, on Sunday the 15th ult., and had been burning for a week
with daily increasing fury. It appears that this tire, which,
for the last four-and-twenty years, has been silently smoul-
dering in the bowels of the earth—revealing its existence by
perpetual smoke, and occasional outbreaks of flame, which,
however, had always been confined within the limits aban-
doned to its dominion—had, at length, made its way through
some breach into one of the vast galleries of these extensive
workings ; and there, meeting with the air current so long
denied it, had spread through all the subterranean chambers
and passages with a rapidity before which resistance became
utterly powerless ; showing itself at every crevice and outlet
of the vast labyrinth, and flinging its points and columns of
fire far up into the air, through all the shafts that led into the
wide field of the rich deposit. Luckily the solemnities of the
day had emptied the workings of their human tenants; for
no mortal aid could have availed them against the sudden-
ness with which the fiery flood swept over all things. The
authorities of the district were early on the spot, but have
hitherto been little more than idle and awe-struck spectators.
Neither Vesuvius, nor any other irruption, say the accounts,
can give a notion of the dreadful and sublime scene. " lf,"
says one writer, " it were possible to forget that the flames
have been, for three whole days, devouring immense wealth,
and that by this conflagration three hundred fathers of fami-
lies will be thrown out of employment, there would be room
for no other sentiment than that of admiration at the magni-
ficent spectacle. Imagine a deep ravine, nearly circular, in
the form of a reversed cone, with its edges, however, hourly
enlarging. Through fourteen large openings, issuing at about
twenty feet above the ground of this ravine, and giving access
to the innumerable galleries of the mines below, as many
torrents of flame are poured forth, with frightful violence,
from the cauldrons within—flames of a thousand hues, rush-
ing forth like fiery whirlwinds—dividing, and crossing, and
mingling, and rising, and falling, and rising again ! At
times, a hollow cracking sound echoes through the abyss ;
this is some huge block of coal detaching itself from the roof
or sides of one of the galleries, and falling into the blazing
gulph. Then rises up a thick column of black dust, till it
reaches the openings of the galleries, where, pierced in all
directions by the flames, long serpents of fire work through
its volume from side to side. Sixty feet higher up, on each
side of the galleries, two gaping mouths shoot into the air
their dazzling columns of fire. Suddenly one of these ceases.
It seems for a moment as if checked in its wrath. Then
comes a long and startling groan from the entrails of the
earth ; and forth again rushes the flame, blood-red, roaring
and terrible, threatening in its fury to lift up the burning
mountain altogether, and bury the spectators beneath its
dreadful ruins. Again, look around you; it is midnight, and
two thousand human faces are there, some grouped on the
opposite crest of the ravine, some sheltered in the cavities of
the rocks. Yet no sound meets the ear save that of the roar-
ing flames." The latest accounts state that the rafters of the
galleries had all fallen, and the founts of flame nearly ceased
to play. The whole had become one huge burning gulph.
The loss is said to be incalculable; millions of hectrolites of
coal had been consumed. The engineers were preparing to
turn the course of a stream, which flows at a league's dis-
tance, and direct it upon the burning mountain. _Workmen
were employed night and day in this operation, by which it
was hoped to lay the wines under water.---ilthenceuni.
