LORD SANDON,

purpose of addressing such of the t.'lL
On Saturday it *as pretty generally known that it was his
• sohri
tph'seianttteeLtioo
onnt,ofmoratkheehis appearenee on the Exchange in th!..`;sf
as might be there assembled, accordingly a considerable nonit'of
persons collected in tile area of the Exchange, to hear him' L!,
Lordship at length presented himself at the window of Messrs. Vt
bath, Tinne,
and Co.'s office, in the Exchange Buildings. Ilia seeci
which lasted three-quarters of an hour, consisted of explanitt°o
those parts of his conduct, in Parliament, which hare been Ineclicoo
subject of the most unrelenting bitterness of attack by the Pat els
of his rivals, and we have to regret the having, been deprived. 144
cumstances which it is unnecessary here to explain, of the opPerttk&
of giving anything deserving the name of a report. Advertiug t°
charge that had been made against him, of forfeiting his pledgel)/ved
vote upon shedule 8., his Lordship explained that he had
himself to support the great principles of the Bill, but reserve'i.
right to act upon his own judgment on any matter of mere '1'4,10
That in doing so, he certainly made use of the words that be 00
support the schedules A. and 8., meaning those embodying the to
great principles of disfranchisement and enfranchisement; ae'l,
this ground, he considered himself free to vote according to his
ment on shedule 8., which was, in fact, one of detaiL With 1'24
to his conduct on Lord Ebrington's motion, the Noble Lord saldlele
understood that motion not only as one declaratory of their att.,
ment to the cause of reform, but as one of approbation of the 0;
policy of ministers, involved in a general vote of confidence they
He withheld his vote on that occasion, because he could not vete c
ot:
the entire motion whilst he differed from ministers, nor Yet cel
against it whilst he supported reform. He never, he said, belie of
in the danger which many persons affected to see in the rejeetippt
that motion, because, had it even been rejected, he knew tbas,
measure of reform, large, extensive, and satisfactory, would b 4,4
been conceded to the country. He also said, that he never coallo,
a constitutional reformer, sanction any step which would go to
turb the ancient balance of the constitution, and which, whiw
strengthened one branch, would weaken, if not destroy, anl:
Upon the subject of colonial slavery, the Noble Lord enlargeu -tb;
considerable length. He was favourable to the emancipation °,a
ye
but apprehensive of the consequences of the plans which P'OA.
been proposed for that purpose by the friends of immediate abel4ttird,
After speaking for three quarters of an hour, his Lordshi re"
the audience below saluting him with three cheers.
