GOD SAVE THE QUEEN !"

Profoundly thankful are we of the STANDARD that
our name is not found in this black list of accessories
to murder and treason ! We have never denied to her
Majesty the title of Christian, although we may have
wished to see Christianity more in favour at the palace
—to see Christianity more in favour and socialism less
in favour with her government. We have never as-
serted that her Majesty has forfeited her right to the
throne, although we have never shut our eyes to the
fact that " the heavy blows and great discouragements"
which her ministers profess their readiness to. deal
against those principles which alone seated her illus-
trious ancestors upon the throne, might be pushed so
far as to jeopardise that right. We have never " all
but denounced her as a prostitute," or, to use the cor-
rect"
language of our contemporary, quoted Jezebel."
Where may that author be found, good Mercury ? We
have done none of these things—perpetrated none of
these " fierce ravings"—and are as innocent of any
participation as accessories to the attempt upon the life
of a sovereign, " so denounced," as is our contempo-
rary himself.
But, seriously, does this besotted scribe imagine
that even the muddy souls who, in beer-houses, in
shaving-shops, or in taps, muse over his weekly ollapod
of stale calumnies and threadbare jokes, can be im-
posed upon with such trash. as we have just quoted ?
Does our contemporary suppose that men can readily
be found in England who will be content to swallow
such a tissue of gross absurdities ? If he does this we
can only pity his hallucination. The great body of the
people of England see in this disgraceful outrage an
impressive condemnation of a base and venal set of
men, who, to preserve for a few more weeks or days the
pay without the power of official station, are ready to
peril their country's noblest institutions, to weaken the
safeguards of the monarchy, and even to expose to the
murderer's weapon the sacred person of the Sovereign.
The great conservative body throughout the empire
revere the person of their monarch, and view with
loathing and disgust the unprincipled conduct of a
despicable faction which is ever ready to interpose that
object of regard as a shield over their own measureless
transgressions.
Her Majesty individually possesses in a great degree
the affections of her people, and peculiarly of the Con-
servative party. That party—if we may quote the
impressive words of Sir Robert Peel—" nevermake the
principles or politics of the monarch the condition of
their allegiaoe." We can by no means say the same
of their Oppmitents. True it is that, when the gale of
court favou fills - their sails, and a flowing tide
tt
bears them gaily on to the objects of their ambition,
they are ev&r the fawning and obsequious slaves of
royalty; bytt let their sky be obscured, their elysium
disturbed, and the royal eye averted only for an hour,
and then where is that exclusive loyalty, that devotion
to the person of the Monarch of which we now hear
so much and so loudly ? We hear it no longer, but,
' instead, we have the curses loud and deep of disap-
pointed ambition like the gnashing howl of dogs driven
from their meal of corruption.

Such a day of trial is, we trust, approaching. Her
Majesty will not long be permitted to risk in her own
person the consequences of her ministers' unpopularity.
Already her princely husband has had an opportunity

of witnessing how deep is the loathing with which they
are regarded by the respectable classes of British
society; and this last atrocious attempt may be instru-
mental in convincing his Royal Highness of the danger
incurred by neglecting such unequivocal demonstra-
tions. Under a sound Conservative government her
Majesty will at least enjoy the protection likely to be
afforded her by having around her royal person
ministers who will not fear on any occasion to encounter
themselves the consequences of their own acts !

It will be seen, from our parliamentary summary,
that a further discussion of Lord Stanley's Irish Re-
gistration Bill took place on Thursday evening, when,
on moving that the order of the day be read and the
house resolve itself into a committee, an amendment
was brought forward by Mr. C. Wood that the Re-
gistration Bill for England should be first considered,
which, after considerable debate, was negatived by a
MAJORITY OF ELEVEN, in favour of Lord Stanley's
motion, and AGAINST MINISTERS !

Sir D. Norreys then moved, as an amendment to
the motion " that the Speaker do leave the chair," an
instruction to the committee "to enable every person,
otherwise qualified, who shall have for a period of one
year paid poor-rates on an annual valuation (to be
specified), to register his vote," which was also nega-
tived, by a majority of 93 in a house of 533 members.

Owing to the late hour to which the proceedings
had extended, it was then proposed by Lord Stanley
to adjourn the committee to Monday (last night),
which proposition was, with his usual degree of petu-
lance, opposed on the part of government by -Lord
John Russell. He was, however, at once challenged
to proceed to a division on the question; and, it not
being either convenient or useful thus to invite ano-
ther manifestation of the opinion of the house on the
character of this shabby and disreputable mode of
proceeding, the-Member for Dublin came to the rescue
of the Colonial Secretary, and declared his purpose of
obstructing the progress of the bill by moving the
adjournment of the house. The scene which ensued
baffles description. It was one of those trials of the
patience of the house, by the exhibition of ferocious
blackguardism, to which the mendicant usually resorts
when baffled and beaten from a position ; and in which
—we are glad to report the fact—he was supported by
only a very small, and that by no means the most re-
spectable, portion of the ministerial party. The length
of time, however, during which the uproar prevailed,
afforded an excuse to that mean and factious person-
age, Lord John Russell, of which he was not too
higinninded to avail himself. The chairman then re-
ported progress, and the committee adjourned over to
Monday, on which day his little lordship announced
his intention of throwing every further impediment in
the way of the bill, whilst Mr. O'Connell declared that
he himself would not be held bound by any arrange-
ments which might be entered into.

We can, of course,. under these circumstances, form
no judgment as to the probable fate of the bill. That
ministers are defeated upon it is incontestible, and that
they ought either to resign or allow it to pass into a
law is equally so. They will, we dare say, do neither ;
but if beaten again, as no doubt they will be, on Mon-
day night, they will quietly hand over the duty of ob-
structing it to the bully whose peculiarly brazen front
is alone capable of the task. It is well known that
several of the respectable members of their party—at
the head of whom stands Sir B. Hall, the member for
Marylebone—have expressed their disinclination to
proceed further in a purely factious opposition to the
measure ; and the country will therefore have to be-
hold for the first time, in a reformed House of Com-
mons, the declared will of a majority, upon a great
constitutional question, negatived by the factious ob-
struction of a minority, led on by a bully whose very
name is an odium and a disgrace to the country which
has the misfortune to own him. How long will Eng-
land submit to such a degradation in the face of the
whole civilised world ?

THE QUEEN OF THE ISLE STEAM-SHlP.—This vessel
has recently leceived new steam-boilers, and her speed is
considerably improved. She sailed from Douglas for this
port on Saturday last, with upwards of three hundred
passengers, and made the passage in seven hours. The
Isle of Man is now very full of visitors.

LIVERPOOL REGATTA, ON THE MERSEY.—IR consequence
of the Cork Regatta having been fixed for the 4th of August,
the committee of the Mersey Regatta have deemed it expe-
dient to alter their day of sailing from • the 4th ofAugust to
the 21st of July.
APPROACHING PARLIAMENTARY REGISTRATION.—TO
avoid disfranchisement of electors in boroughs all poor-rates
and window-taxes, payable from a voter in respect of his
premises, previously to the 6th of April, must be paid on or
before the 20th of July, whether demanded by the collector
or not.

SUMMER CIRCUITS OF THE JUDGES.—Northern: Mr.
Justice Coltman, Mr. Baron Rolfe.—Home: Lord Abinger,
Mr. Baron Gurney.—Midland: Lord Chief Justice Tindal,
Mr. Justice Littledale.—Oxford : Mr. Baron Parke, Mr.
Justice Williams.—Norfolk : Mr. Baron Alderson, Mr.
Justice Patteson.—Western: Mr. Justice Coleridge, Mr.
Justice Maule.—Welsh : Lord Denman, Mr. Justice
Erskine.—Mr. Justice Bosanquet remains in town.
THE ROYAL GORDOVIGION EISTEDDFOD.—It will be
seen from the advertisement that this festival commences to-
morrow. The procession to escort the president and the
Cambrian gentlemen to the field, to re-proclaim the Eistedd-
vod, will start from the Adelphi at ten o'clock in the morning.
The ancient order of Druids, the Ancient Britons, the Cam-
brian society, &c, have signified their intention to join the
procession with their respective badges of office and "regalia."
It will also be accompanied by Mr. Stubb's royal harmonic
band—the same that played before her present majesty at the
Royal Beaumaris Eisteddvod.—See advt.

NEWTON RACES.—It will be perceived, from the advertise-
ment, that Mr. Towers, of the Angel Inn, Dale-street, has
taken the grand stand, during the ensuing races at Newton.
From Mr. Towers's well known character we have no doubt
that his visitors on the occasion will be amply provided with
the choicest wines, &c, as well as with the usual delicacies of
the season.
MECHANICS' INSTITUTION.--The exhibition of paintings,
works of art, models, manufactures, antiquities, &c, at the
Mechanics' Institution, will be opened to the public on Friday
next. We believe the collection of curiosities which will be
submitted for inspection will be of a very attractive charac-
ter. Those who intend to contribute any articles for the ex-
hibition have very little time to lose.—See advt.
REGISTRATION OF COUNTY VOTERS.—It may not be
useless at this time to remind overseers of the poor, that on
the 20th inst., thug are directed by Act of Parliament, (2
William IV., c. 48. s. 37,) to cause to be fixed on or near
the doors of all the churches and chapels within their re-
spective townships, or if there be no church or chapel therein.
then to be fixed to some other conspicuous situation, a notice
requiring all persons who may be entitled to vote in the
election of Knight of the Shire, to serve in parliament, to
send in their claims as such voters, to the overseers, on or
before the 20th day of July next. The ulterior proceedings
to be afterwards pursued, both on the parochial affairs, and
of our conservative friends, we shall be happy to quote and
lay before them for their guidance, in due course, as such
proceedings occur and require their attention.
LECTURES ON ASTRONOMY.--The lectures on the sublime
science of astronomy, delivered last week by Mr. Walker,
at the Liver Theatre, and which elicited such decided marks
of approbation, from numerous and highly respectable
audiences, will be repeated, for the last time in this town,
this evening, and on the evenings of Wednesday (to-morrow)
and Thursday next. This interesting course of lectures will
be illustrated by Mr. Walker's splendid concave orrery,
which is forty-two feet in circumference, (the only one ever
constructed, we believe, on his principle,) as well as by the
assistance of a variety of pleasing and auxiliary apparatus.
The repetition of these instructive lectures will afford an
opportunity to those schools and families, who did not avail
themselves of the former course, for familiarising the minds
of the young with the wonders of the creation, such as, we
feel convinced, they cannot enjoy for a long time to come.
We hope, therefore, to see the theatre crowded on each oc-
casion this week.
FOREIGN ENGRAVERS.—The admirable productions of
British professors in this department of art have long been
considered to surpass those of all continental artists, and to
present specimens of perfect and inimitable beauty. A refe-
rence to our advertising columns will show, that Messrs.
Perkins and Bacon have produced, in a mere label, a specimen
of engraving so minute as to be legible only with a lens; but
so perfect as totally to prevent counterfeit and set imitation
at defiance. The label in question is designed to put the
public on their guard against fraud and imposition as regards
that indispensable appendage of the toilet—" ROWLAND'S
MACASSAR OIL !" which words are repeated on the label
in the minute and beautiful style we have mentioned nearly
1500 times, containing nearly 30,000 letters.
ANTI-CORN-LAW CIRCULAR.—In these most eventful
times there is nothing surprising to find momentous topics
freely discussed on all hands ; and such discussions, it cannot
be denied, have a natural tendency to rub off the rust of pre-
judice and to lead to truth. The value of bread itself as the
staff' of life is universally known—but the questions of free
or restricted trade in corn appear to have their respective
warm advocates. It is a mighty point gained where unanimity
prevails upon any great question of vital consequence ; and
in no one modern instance, perhaps, is this feeling more pre-
Valent, that in the admitted transcendant virtues of that
matchless medicine—Atkinson's Infants' Preservative.
TRIBUTE TO INDUSTRY.—It always affords us much
gratification to be able to notice improvements in agriculture
or farm management, and to become the medium of com-
municating testimonials of approval of care and industry
presented by landlords to their tenantry. We need there-
fore scarcely say, that we have much pleasure in announcing
that John R. Shaw, Esq., an opulent landowner, of Cheshire,
has, in testimony of the admirable management of Mr. John
Poole, of the Arrow Hill farm, in the parish of Woodchurch,
handed to that individual a splendid piece of plate, with the
follbwing inscription engraven thereon, and that we shall be
glad to add, that other tenants of deserving merit have met
with equal encouragement :—" Presented to Mr. John Poole
by his landlord, John R. Shaw, Esq., for his persevering
endeavours and judicious management in improving the
lands in his occupation. Anno 1840."

TIIE CROPS.—Very favourable accounts of the forth-
coming crops, whether of fruits, vegetables, or the more
substantial and useful of nature's productions, continue to
reach us from all quarters. During the past week innumer-
able fields of wheat, both in Lincolnshire, Derbyshire, and
Yorkshire have shot into ear, and exhibit every appearance
of a most productive yield. During the week also the hay
harvest has commenced in various parts of the Riding, and
will be general in about a fortnight. The Corn harvest is
expected to be considerably earlier than that of last year ;
the present appearance of the country generally is most
promising.—Leeds Intelligencer.

CORRESPONDENCE.

GORDOVIGION ROYAL EISTEDDVOD.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

SIR,—As Wednesday next will be the commencement of
this Grand Eisteddvod, may I encroach upon your valuable
space, at this short period before publication, with a few re-
marks relative to this novel undertaking in the town of Li-
verpool? Should you think them worthy of insertion, they
will perhaps be read with pleasure by many of your readers,
especially the Welsh, who are more deeply interested in the
success of this their greatest and most useful national cele-
bration.

If we take into account the variety of the subjects for
which prizes are to be competed, and the great importance
that belongs to most of them, it will not appear strange that
this Eisteddvod has created a more than usual excitement
here and in the principality, as well as in many parts of Eng-
land. Being under the patronage of the Royal Consort and
the Duke of Sussex, with that of many noblemen, baronets,
and gentry, who have contributed towards.its expense, the
result will no doubt he as favourable as its most sanguine
supporters could reasonably anticipate. As a field of honour-
able competition has been laid open, not only for Welshmen,
but for Englishmen, Scotchmen, and Irishmen; and, as the
mode of deciding upon the merits of the compositions pre-
cludes the possibility of partiality, we may expect that those
only will receive the rewards to whom the palm of merit
really belongs. Such is the plan of adjudicating the prizes,
that they might adopt as their motto, " PALM AM QUI
MERUIT FERAT." The poem, in Welsh, on the late disas-
trous hurricane, and its effect on Liverpool, will, it is to be
hoped, be a superior production, for which I am sure many
learned and talented competitors have put in their claim ;
and the successful piece will be read with a melancholy plea-
sure throughout the principality. The English poem on the
" Resources of Liverpool, and its claims to the title of modern
Tyre," will be perused with gratification throughout the Bri-
tish empire. There is also a Welsh poem on the same sub-
ject. The " History (in Welsh) of the Welsh Princes" will
certainly be soon translated into English. The Welsh and
English essay, on the " Character of the Welsh, as a nation,
in the present age," will be an interesting production. Two
subjects respecting the Bishoprics of Wales, will be likely to
lead to some important and beneficial results as regards that
portion of the episcopal bench. The essay on "Civil and
religious.discord the ruin of the Welsh nation," proposed by
the Rev. D. James, of Kirkdale, will be historically instruc-
tive. It would be unnecessary to comment on all these sub-
jects, as well as many others that have been submitted to the
ordeal of accurate and unbiassed criticism : it is sufficient
here to observe, that when they come forth to the light they
will be useful companions in the hours of relaxation from the
toils of business, imparting amusement and instruction, im-
proving the taste and strengthening the judgment.
I might say more at present on this interesting subject, hut
I fear lest I should too far trespass on your limits. I shall
only say, in conclusion, that many an anxious heart, the
hand of whose owner has aspired to compete for these honour-
able rewards of literary glory, must be now palpitating with
the disquietude of suspense, awaiting with emotion the an-
nouncement of discomfiture or the pride of success.
Respectfully yours,
15th June, 1840. A CAMBRIAN.

REDWING AND MONK STEAMERS.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

SIR,—A correspondent of the Liverpool Mail states that
the Redwing is the fastest boat on the Mersey; regarding
which I beg to state that I have seenherbeaten by the Monk,
when that boat plied between the Monks' Ferry and Liver-
pool. I am, &c.,
ANOTHER LOVER OF FAIR PLAY.

Liverpool, 12th June, 1840.
[We feel obliged to our correspondent for calling our at-
tention to the letter alluded to, and pointing out to us the
fact stated. We have no wish to detract from the good qua-
lities of the Redwing tender as a steamer; but finding it
stated by some one who has taken the subject up, that the
cause of that vessel being beaten the other day, was the defective
and unsafe state of her boilers, we can only reply that we
could have had no knowledge of such a circumstance, which,
indeed, a good deal surprises us in a Queen's vessel ; and we
may add, that the engines of the Archimedes are by no means
so effective as they ought to be ; that in place of working up
to 80 horses' power, as rated, it only works to from 70 to
73, with 241 revolutions per minute. The Archimedes had
also a great number of passengers on board. This may serve
as a sort of a set-off to the allegations made of the superiority
of the Redwing.]

GROSS CASE OF OPPRESSION.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD,

SIR,--A friend of mine, a confidential servant in the em-
ploy of a leading mercantile firm in trading to the United
States, was denounced last week by the agents of the Pro-
tector or Repeal Society, for having as they asserted, intro-
duced into his warehouse a petition in favour of Lord Stan-
ley's Irish registration bill. The leading partner ordered him
into his presence, and after telling him that he had received
letters from several gentlemen belonging to the Protector
Society, and had had interviews with others on the subject,
and that he could not think of retaining him in his employ
any longer. My friend denied the charge, and challenged
his accusers to the proof. This was of no avail—go he must,
and go he did. This, sir, is called liberalism in the present
day. Sorry am Ito think that the O'Connell dynasty should
be so predominant in Liverpool : but still more sorry am I
to think that a Protestant merchant should suffer himself to
be dictated to by a Romish clique, as to what he should do
or how he should act towards a faithful Protestant servant.
Arid now, sir, I would wish to ask Mr. is he aware
that Mr. H— (himself a Catholic), his warehouseman, in-
troduced a petition into the warehouse for a repeal of the
corn laws ? It was three days there, and men were actually
called out of the street to sign it, and this was well known to
Mr. T---, the principal warehouseman, an ultra liberal.
And now, Mr. Editor, if my friend was discharged for a
crime for which he challenged his accusers to the proof, what
should be done to the two warehousemen (his superiors) who
have been guilty of a similar offence, and dare not deny it ?
1 remain, dear sir,
ONE INJURED BY A SIMILAR INFLUENCE.

OBSERVATIONS ON MR. WILSON'S PAMPHLET
ENTITLED " INFLUENCES OF THE CORN
LAWS, &c."

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

SIR,—My attention was first called to this publication by
the high encomiums passed upon it by the anti-corn law-press,
and more especially by extracts published in the Leeds Mer-
cury of the 18th April. The table there set forth is a most
valuable document, and contrary to the intention of either
Mr. Wilson or the editors of the Mercury, affords such
abundant proof of the excellent working of the present corn
laws, that, after a calm and dispassionate examination, no
one, I think, can deny that these laws are highly beneficial,
and ought to be preserved ; all this I said in a letter dated 23d
April, and published in the Leeds Intelligences, and other
papers..
Having been thus called upon, I have read the book,
and from the style in which it is written, I am not surprised
that it should have attracted notice. There are many pas-
sages in it which I should have been proud to have called my
own ; it does not deal in that vulgar abuse and vituperation
too common in works advocating a repeal of the corn laws.
But there is not in the whole book one line to prove that the
present corn laws have acted prejudicially on the country, nor
yet one to show that a repeal of them would produce the
slightest benefit. The fundamental argument of the author
is intended to show the injurious effects of fluctuations in
the price of wheat, and that the present corn laws neces-
sarily produce great and frequent changes of price ; he calls
these "the extraordinary fluctuations which have taken place
of late years in the price of wheat." This, he says, " must
ever continue to be the result of protective and prohibitory
laws, because from this necessary tendency the whole of the
evils of the present system have arisen." In speaking of the
prejudicial consequences of the present corn laws and those
of 1815, be says, " the most Striking feature is the great in-
equality and fluctuation of price ; " he says also, " no article
of extensive consumption in this country ought to be from
the nature of its production and consumption so free from
fluctuation as wheat." I cannot possibly agree in this opinion.
Wheat in its production is subject to vicissitudes of great ex-
tent ; even in this happy climate a difference of produce
amounting to one-fourth or one-sixth has been often known,
whilst the absolute necessity of it makes the consumption
regular. Mr. Wilson says, "it is therefore plain that ine-
quality of demand cannot be the cause of fluctuation of prices.
if bread corn were as unnecessary as nutmegs, or other luxu-
ries, a high price would lessen the consumption ; so far from
this being the case with wheat, I fear the poor man, when
bread is dear, eats less meat, and therfore requires snore
bread than usual. But as far as I know, it has ever been a
rule in logic first to establish the premises upon which the argu-
ment is founded. Mr. W. has not done this, nor is it possible
for him to do so, because the assumption has no foundation in
truth. In answering this the &stand greatest charge which Mr.
Wilson has made against the corn laws, I shall, of course,
confine myself to the present corn laws, it being both useless
and absurd to defend laws which have long since been re-
pealed. Now, it is quite impossible to suppose that Mr.
Wilson has made this heavy accusation against the presen
corn laws, for the purpose of misleading his readers, at the
same time it is difficult to imagine how such an acute writer
could have overlooked facts which had been publicly stated
over and over again, and the truth of which could have been
so easily ascertained. To show how much Mr. Wilson errs
in speaking of the ill effects of the corn laws, whin be says
" the most striking feature is the great inequality of fluctua-
tion of price," I will quote from a table published from par-
liamentary returns, which gives the price of wheat in each
year from 1717 to 1840. This table chews the rate of fluc-
tuation per cent. in every period of five years down to 1833;
thus from 1797 to 1802 the fluctuations are stated to be 220 per
cent. ; from 1802 to 1807 100 percent. ; frpm 1807 to 1812 74
per cent. ; from 1812 to-1817 183 per cent. ; from 1817 to 1822
143 per cent. ; from 1822 to 1827 81 per cent., and from
1828, the first year of the present corn laws, to 1833, the
fluctuations only amounted to 40 per cent. ; as this table
goes no further, I must myself calculate the next five years,
but to remove all doubt of the accuracy of my calculations,
I will give the parliamentary returns for these five years :
they are 1833, 535. Id. ; 1834, 465. 2d. ; 1335, 395. 4d. ;
1836, 48s. 6d. ; 1837, 555. 10d. The fluctuations are there-
fore nearly 42 per cent., and I can see no reason why the
fluctuations in the following five years should be made
greater. The steadiness as well as the moderation of the
prices of wheat in the last two years, notwithstanding the
very great deficiency of the crops, prove how much the pre-
sent corn laws tend to keep prices equable. I therefore
think the assumption that the corn law is injurious, by
causing fluctuations in the price -of wheat, is disproved, and
of course all the arguments founded upon it perfectly useless.
The average amount of fluctuations in every period of five
years for the thirty years immediately preceding the passing
of the present corn laws having been 133 per cent., and the
average of each five years since the present law being only
41 per cent., the proofs of the advantage of the present corn
in preventing great fluctuations in the price of wheat is so
triumphant as to leave no doubt of it.
There are two other positions which Mr. Wilson seems
anxious to establish—one is, that the fluctuations in the price
of wheat are not to be attributed to good or bad seasons. He
says, "We must at once banish from our mind the com-
monly received opinion that the fluctuation of prices are
caused by favourable and unfavourable seasons." He says
they are the effect of speculations arising from previous high
' or low prices. Now there can be no doubt that improved or
neglected tillage would, in a few years, materially alter the
quantity of the productions of the earth, and that high or
low prices would influence the cultivation is equally certain ;
but to deny that good or bad seasons alter these productions
in a still more sudden manner, is to deny that which is as
clear as noon day sun. Thirdly, Mr. Wilson asserts that
the repeal of the corn-laws would not reduce the price of
wheat, but the contrary ; the way in which he says this, has
the marks of sincerity. He says this opinion is totally diffe-
rent from what either the agriculturist or the manufacturer
holds. True, and it is not very wonderful that people should
expect when the market of supply is widely extended, and
the demand not in the• smallest degree increased, that a fall
of prices should follow ; what may be the effect produced by
a continuation of low prices is another question ; but Mr.
Wilson anticipates no decline of prices. My opinion, how-
ever, is, and always has been, unless the seasons prove very
ungenial, or the British farmers have a full anticipation of
the change, and reduce their cultivation immediately, that a
great reduction of prices will be the consequence of the
repeal, and I think the natural effect of this reduction (which
Mr. H. seems so well to understand), being that British hus-
bandry will be so much reduced as to occasion in unfavourable
seasons, and when our continental friends either cannot or
will not minister to our wants, such an advance in the price
as has not been known here for many ages past. To pre-

0.:1.
;;., /1--.,c,,_,_;:is
)
\,•,,r, -
"3
".,,,,,,•,,ry
...$ .
....1.- -0-

2

q serve a steadiness of prices in corn has always been my own
anxious desire, and I know of nothing so likely to effect this
great blessing as the preservation of sliding duties, and the
maintenance of that law, unaltered, and in all its integrity
which has hitherto produced this happy effect. Had this
gentleman been more happy in proving his propositions, I
should gladly have given him credit for being more able
to discuss the merits or demerits of the present corn-
laws; but though he has as I think failed in proving any
one of them, let us not deny him praise for what he has
done aright. Many passages in his book proclaim a wise
head and a kind heart. I will give two short extracts
of that description, he says, " Wherever provisions are
dearest, the condition of the bulk of the labourers is de-
cidedly best, and their ability to command the necessaries,
comforts, and even elegancies of life, form a striking contrast
with the extreme difficulty with which even the barest neces-
saries are obtained, where they are cheapest." He says—
" compare the condition of the whole labourers of this coun-
try with that of any of the countries of the continent where
provisions are at the lowest prices, compare their diet,
clothing, and habitation, with what are allotted to the labour-
ing classes in Prussia, oland, or France, and see how supe-
rior the worst classes are in these respects in this country
compared with the very best in those of supposed abundance
and cheapness." The publication of such truths as these is
deserving the highest praise, especially when produced for
the benefit of the anti-corn-law people. Mr. Wilson's fourth
and last proposition is, " What change in the present corn
laws would best suit the interests of all parties ?" To this 1
do not think it necessary to reply, because I think they re-
quire no alteration, and because to concede anything material
would be to destroy. I think the time has now arrived when
I may properly retire from the controversy on the long agi-
tated question of the " corn laws." I entered upon its dis-
cussion for the purpose, solely, of explaining to my country-
men, in the best way I was able, the nature and operation of
these laws, and if possible to convince them that, whilst af-
fording a fair, and but a fair protection to the British farmer,
they did not injuriously affect the commercial and tnanufae-
turing interests of the country. I have also been anxious
that a question involving such vast and complicated interests
should be discussed with temper and sobriety of language,
and the progress of the argument in favour of these laws has
convinced me that the good sense of my countrymen is not
to be abused with impunity, but that time and retlectidn only
are necessary to ensure from them a fair and candid judg-
ment, and 1 trust that henceforth nothing will occur to dis-
turb that friendly feeling which it is essential should exist
between the agricultural and commercial communities. In
looking back upon what I have written on this subject, I-feel
that I may congratulate myself in having abstained from all
asperity of expression, nor have I, to my knowledge, violated
in a single instance that respect which was due to those who
differed from me in opinion. I have been deeply impressed
with a desire to disabuse the public mind, of what I considered
very erroneous opinions, and unfounded prejudices, and for
this purpose I offered the benefit of my long experience upon
subjects connected with the corn laws, and I hope I have
not wholly failed in my object. I beg leave, Sir, to thank
you for the readiness with which you have published my let-
ters in your paper, and to offer the same acknowledgment to
every other Editor who has condescended to give them in-
sertion. Should anything arise to require it, I shall be at
my post, but I feel persuaded the advantages of the present
corn laws are now more known and better appreciated than ...
at any former period, and I most sincerely hope the agitation
of the question will cease.
I am, Sir, your most obedient Servant,
JOHN BAKER.
Nassau Cottage, Leeds, 9th June, 1840.

r

cr. _
4

e - _
40, ' . „ '
.
. .
. . .
. . . -
_ .
• • ~ . . •
,
! ' a.: - j.,..e' .
e, • e /0
.
.. ~,. ,
... . ; . , , ~ . ,
. 0 • . . LIVERPOOL COLONIAL MARKET, JUNE 12.
Tile Court of a:teen's tench hag d I t ' :11
grante aru e o s ew g2-"bipping iiitelitgenri. There has been a good demand for all descriptions of Sugar, and
pottrp. SKETCHES OF LIVtiI.POOL AND IT'S VICINITY, : ate tenanted by Mr. Richaid Jenion, who, it ig *aid, 66611-
NO. VII. ' pies from eleven to twelve hundred acres, and milks from 80 cause why an attachment for contempt should not issue against 1100 hints BP. have been disposed of at, full prices. 3600 bags
_ (Written for the Livetpool Standard.) to 100 cows. At a short distance, and on the opposite side the corporation of Poole, for not aying the former town- --.3.-
Mauritius have also been sold, chiefly at 72s to 75s for good grocery
. of a deep hollow or ravine, there is another fine farm- clerk, Mr. Pare, the sum of £4soo,pagreed to be paid to him FRIDAY Juvr; to -Wind West qualities. No transactions to report in Bengal.--Foreign Suaar.
Aanivi:D-Dencalion, flowes, firt-iew Orleans-IPuella, Thomas,
ON AN OLD DISMANTLED HALL. • _
• house, with a garden and orchard in front, in which there is as a compensation under the municipal bill. The corporation A public sale took place, on Thursday, of a cargo of Pernamblico
• from Palermo-Feronia, Jarvis, from Oporto-Mansfield, - .
EXCURSION UP THE MERSEY.--WESTON POINT.-RUNCORN.
a remarkable circular arbour, clipped, with a conical top. allege, that they cannot collect the borough rate. Sugar chiefly damn and sea-damaged at which 140 cases as boxes
HALTON CASTLE.-ROCK SAVAGE, &C. from Bonuy-Mattakeeset, Higgins, from New Orleans-Moslem,
and 80,0 bris were s-old at 20s to 2-2 s 'dil for vehites, and 'fss fitl to
The ivy crawls on thy ruined walls, The valley of the Weaver wh• 1 blends harmoniously with
, ic i . .
M'Laren; Selma, —, and John Jay, Lambert, from Mobile-
lys 3d for browns ; but, being sold with all faults, these prices can-
And thy turrets with age are dim ; One of the most delightful trips that can be enjoyed b. y
the rising ground on each side is exceedingly beautiful from A.MATERIAL DIFFERENCE.-A clergyman of a country
Pioneer, Case, from Malaga-Bootle , from Puerto Cabello
And the bat and the owl about thee prowl, water, from the town of Liverpool, is that to Runcorn and its
t,..he eminences near this point. There is n road from Rock village desired his clerk to give rotice that there would be no
-Mary & Jane, Osborne, from Naple's-and Belvidere, Stephenson, not be deemed any criterion of the market ;hy private, 150 cases i
and 730 brls and bags were taken by the Refiners at 21s to 21s lid '
In the moonbeams' riaystie gleam: vicinity ; to the eye of the spectator, embracing the upper,
aavage to Ruucorn, by may of Halton village, but it is cir- service in the afternoon. as he was " going to officiate for from Charleston ; sailed 14111 Nlay. from the quay.-Bonded Refined. Several sales of Crushed and .
another clergyman " The clerk as soon as the service was SAlLED.T.neftirrlewlr.e\fdvoor.y.l,s,,ritcun—Al,k,vitamroilt,:sse,on for Quebec and Mo tr ,al-
- lone wind sweeps through thyserumbling steeps, but widest portion of the estuary of the Mersey, the shores
that bound it, aud the Welsh, Cheshire, and other hills that euitous, and as I purposed to visit Halton Tower at the close
ended, called out, *"
I am* desired to give notice that there • and Demerara-So' utuherener, sales of Molasses 1
In the midnight vigils drear ; fill up the back gaound. This fact-appears to be appreciated of my excursion, I preferred that passing through will be no sarvice this afternoon, as Mr. L. is going a fishing rile' , Reid, for Quebec-Are Loaves have been made at the quotations.-The
this week consist of iou casks Antigna at 40s, and 50 Trinidad at
Utßeinsci,hollli;adrisMnoan‘ h, for Nerve and St. Petersburg-Perseus, Rowan,-aensti 37s p.er cwt. ftorn the quay.-Coffee. There has been a good de-
. And each hollow squall seems to laugh at thy fall, by many of the inhabitants, as well as by strangers, numbers HIGHER RUNCORN. wi.th another clerevman." Mr. L.. of course corrected the manu for Plantation and the sales are extensive consisting of 3.0
And to tell thee thy end is near. of whom resort thither during the suminer, for health Or Before reaching this place the visiter may enjoy ispanhramic
k d ''
am, war yet ainusinz blunder. for Miramiclii--Trenton, Maxwell, for Cadiz and • t • • ' -
casks of Jamaica, chiefly at auction; the ordinary qualities sold
Bath, U.S.-and Amazon, Stenton, for Boston.
The ravens perch on thy belfried church, recreatiun, or prefer it, if on business, as a route by river or this oint it
and extensive peep from Runcorn Hill. From p , ' ' Diligence, Jones,
rattier heavily, at about former rates, whilst the finer sorts, being
And they all, as though in hate, canal, to Manchester, Warrington, Northwich, and other is said, parts of seven counties may be seen in clear weather. OATH TAKEN BY THE STUDENTS OF MAYNOOTII.—" I,
Reward. Solomon from Monte Video at this port • sailed sth in most request, brought an
.advance of 2.5 to as per cwt.; good
Feast their demon eyes, 'neat!' the clouded skies, towns in the neighbourhood. The conveyances are by steam- The whole estuary of the Mersey is stretched before him to A. 8., de acknowledge the ecclesiastical power of his Holy-
A ril. Ca itain Salm'on reports the followin a vesseis lying at Monte middling latis tid to I 2as, fine
On thy sad and mouldering state. packets of considerable size, and having good deck and cabin the N.W. On a ledge of rock on this hill there is a Latin ness and the Mother Church of Rome, as the chief head and 'Video : Middleton, Hebe, Clialco '' C '
, Augustine and hamois, were of favourite marks, 1405 to 1435 per cwt. Of Foreign, 110 bags were
accommodations, at a moderate rate of fare, for two classes inscription, much defaced, by John Free, A.M., Vicar of matron above all pretended Churches throughout the whole loading for Liverpool, and the Brazilian, for London. Helen An- sold ; Brazil at 4fis, Laguayra at 52s per cwt.-Nothing done in
• • • ' middling realized 1208 to 122 s bd, fine
Thus art thou now e but not so, I trow, Runcorn in 1740, in praise of the spot. He likens it to Tlhar, earth ; and that my zeal shall be for St. Peter and his sue- derson, Falkland, and Ocean Bride, were loading. for other ports. Cocoa, Ginger or Pimeeto.-A small lot of' good black Pepper sold
of passengers, who may purchase refreshment on board. at 4d per lb.-Rice. The sales reach 5550 bags Bengal, at 13s ad for
Hast thou been in the times before; Con 1 r El' a
These vessels sail on the voyage up the river about an hour in Italy, and says, ' Here, when being wearied hs the p.ur- cessors, as the fo.under of the.true and ancient Catholic faith, The 13ella Portena, Alpha Wilton Wood Isabella ( o sle -
For thou 'st taken thy stand with the best in the land suit of knowledge, and worn out by the duties ot my office, against all heretical kines, princes, states, or powers repug- beth Buck arn, Star, Philomela. Birley, New York Packet. Mungo ,
- h . ' . '. " middling, to 14s for good white.-Rum. The business is confined
' before high. water at Liverpool, and return with the down- to s 0 casks Demerara, without change in prices.
Park, Lawson, Jupiter Freeland Mary Jones Maid of Mona
In the good old days of yore. I would desire a habitation in the time of old age." At nant unto the same ; arid although I, A. 8., may follow, in
coining tide, there being several banks and shallows in the Agnes, and John Souehay, were not doing anything. The Cho,
" . ' . . ' About 20 chests East India Indigo have been sold at steady prices.
Thy barons bold, in their reign of old, line of navigation. Those who wish to return on the same Higher Runcorn there are some neat houses, includine that case 'of persecution, or otherwise, to be heretically disposed,
Betsey, Winwick, and Three Sisters, were discharging salt. The -Nothing reported in Shell Lae er Lac Dye.-A few chests East
India Gum Arabic sold at 50s, and fine Stick Lac at 3,.:s per ewt.-
And thy titled ladies fair. day must avail themselves of those days on which the tide of Miss Orred and the Vicarage. A pleasant footwalkleads yet in soul and conecienee I shall hold, aid, and succour the Cheshire Witch was also discharging The sales of Saltpetre are confined to a small lot or two without
Have hunted the doe with quiver and bow, serves at an early hour in the morning otherwise the packets from the lane a little below to the Duke's Canal, which, Mother Church of Rome, as the true, ancient, and Apostolie um. Carey, Glenday, from Sydney, N.S.W. at this port , sailed • • • '
hange, with about 400 bags Nitrate of Soda, at lbs to las 6d per cwt.
• And driven her froni her lair. do not return on the same night, and there are no regular being crossed by a bridge, the visiter enters cal Church. I, A. 8., further do declare not to act or con- rith Fel). A boat from the Underwriters' Rooms boarded this
c There has been a considerable business done in D •evvoods, the
Thy ancient dames, with their high-born names, direct conveyances by land. The present and the two fol- RUNCORN. . , troul any matter or thing prejudicial unto her, in her sacred vessel in the river. but the captain refused to give any shipping in-
otelleigence, and stated that he had sent his report to the Post-
- Have-all seated in rigid form, lowing months are consequently to be preferred for this ex- . The origin of the name is involved in some obscurity, and orders, doctriees, tenets, or commands, without leave of her
fri e. . sales reported being 620 tons Campeachy Logwood at);e9 las 6d to
.t:9 19s, 15 tons Honduras at .t-7 12s 6d, 50 tons Jamaica 47 2s ad
With needle in hand-worked enibroidery grand, • cursion, from the long duration of daylight. • I shall not pause to unravel it. It was founded by Elfreda, supreme power or its authority, under her appointed, or to London, Patten, from Mobile, at this port , sailed 9th May. On to .-/- 5s ;15 tons Cuba Fustic at .t 9to 4'lo, 200 tons Savanilla
Thy fine gothic rooms to adorn. Having a leisure day, I hastened to George's Pier the other a daughter of Kin,g Alfred, a princess of remarkably masculine 1 be appointed ; and being so permitted, then to act, and fur- 2.2nd May, in lat. 40. long. 60, spoke the Ne'w England, from New .t"4 I7s iid to .-05 ss, 40 tons Maracaibo at .t"4 ss; and a few tons
Nicaragua Wood at A:la.-The sales of Turpentine amount to reee
The boar's head staunch and the venison haunch morning, and embarked in the Tower, a steamer belonging mind, who founded or rebuilt many other towns. The ther her interests more than my own earthly eood and plea- Orleans brie. at 135 Id to 13s ad for good quality, and at lls Id for inferior .
to the Old Quay Company. The early part of the morning general increase of commerce, and particularly the formation sure, as she and her head, his Holiness, and'his successors arkwright. Birnie, hence at Sydney. N.S.W.
Scamander, --, from South Seas, ditto, with 80 tuns sperm -Nothing repoited in Tar.-Although there is but little demand for
Have oft smoked on thy bounteous board, of the several canals that terminate at it, and the still more have, or ought to have, the supremacy over all kings, princes, Pot Ashes, prices rather advance ; 24s 65 has been given, and for
And been washed down, the huge feast for to crown, had been fine, but the clouds began to assume a rather
With the wine-cellar's luscious hoard. threatening aspect, portentous of rain. About seven o'clock. recent construction of docks, has tended to its rapid advance- estates, or powers whatsoever, either to deprive them of oil_ .
einilips, stott, hence at Arica some few small parcels 25s has been obtained. Pearl Ashes go off
slowly, at 32s per cwt.-Hides. Salted Monte Video continue in
ment, and it now probably contains from 7000 to 8000 in- their crouns, sceptres, powers, privileges., realms, countries, Sultana, Lyall. hence and Batavia at Sinaapo
the cry of " Now for Runcorn !-Now for Runcorn and demand, at fair prices, and 9540 have been sold at 4id to 5d per lb ;
Thy banquet hall hath oft rang with the call . habitants. In a verY neat work, entitled " The Visiter's or governments, or to set up others in iieu thereof; they dis- I Reliance, Hall, from Boinbay at Calicut”, andresailed 19th March
Manchester !" became more frequent, and in a few minutes 920 dry salted Ceara are also reported at tid to Gid per lb.-About
Of the huntsnien's jovial toast, Guide to Runcorn and its Vicinity, by the Rev. G. Fowler," senting from Mother Church and her commands.' for this port
afterwards the vessel proceeded on her-way up the river with 130 tons Dividivi brought, at auction, .16 175 lid to 417 15s per
As with courteous sign they 've quaffed their wine, Petrel, Tureen, hence at the Cape de Verds, and sailed 21st April
considerable speed. The deck was crowded with passen- and which contains mach valuable information, it is stated- REGULATIONS OF RAH.WAYS.—The following are the ton.-Tobacco. The sales of the week have been 180 !anis. of which
To the health of their lordly host. " Within the last ten years (he writes in 1834) it has risen • principal provisions of Lord Seymour's Bill for Regulating for Monte Video 75 were for Ireland, 40 for exportation, and the remainder to Menu-
gers from end to end, including travellers on business, others Betsey Hall, Tarrant hence at Constantinople
But thy day is o'er, and, alas !no more on recreation, country people, and not a few of the higher more rapidly than at any former period. During that time Railways :-Clause 1 enacts that no railway, which shall riot racturers.
Veloce Nfessento, Pilligrino, hence at Messina
.
Shall thy faded brightness be told ; circles of society, of both sexes. We passed in the stream a great number of houses have been built, so that on the sPet have been opened before the passing of the act, shall be opened Sarah Ania•Prowse, sailed from ditto for this port 2Sth May The business done in Brimstone has again been limited, only a
For done is the chase, and ended life's race, along the line of docks. the river gradually widening as we where formerly cattle were accustomed to graze, may now until one month after notice has been given to the Board of Ann Paley, Williams, hence at Genoa few small parcels having found buyers, at the quotstions.-Sicily
Sumac continues to go off slowly at 135 lid for the best quality ;
With that band of huntsmen bold. proceeded, and presenting an ever-changing variety of scene. be seen a i•ow of neat-looking cottages, or a line of more ele- Trade. 2. All railway companies are to keep such books and
thCisait,oor,tßa, rrett, and Louise, Chalker, hence at Ifelvoet
Judith, White. from Arica, at Iquique other scrts are neglected.-With the exception of a small lot of in-
The baron sleeps in the charnel deeps Veesels and boats were sailing and steaming up and down in vated and extended buildings. Several handsome erections make such returns as the Board of Trade may require rela- ferior Spanish Argo's, and some red Florence in cases, the business
. have also been raised, which serve as ornaments to the town, tive to the maintenance of the railway, the traffic, expenses, Thomas Leech Jolly from Trieste off Britlevvater ill this article has been of a trifling description.-Sales of brown
Of the churchyard's encient grave, every direction, and the shores of Cheshire, on which shadows
_ superb •--, froi4 Palermo, Off Cape Vincent 20th May, for ,
1 artar and Cream of Tartar have been difficult to effect.-No sales
And thy dames are dead, and thy grandeur fled, and sunshine alternately fell, presented, after the rain of the and as such would not disgrace any of our principal cities." tolls, accidents, tee. 3, 4. Penalty for each offence, £2O, worthy of notice have been made in Galls, Berries or Annatto.-Of
And there 's noueht can thy ruin save, previous night, unusual freshness and luxuriance of verdure. After noticing the general improvements in accommodation, and officers making false returns deemed guilty of a misde- Montagne, --, hence at Monte Video 'Valuate 130 tons good Smyrna were sold at a moderate 'rice the
i .Thou art now but a sign of the bygone time, The querantine hulks, and the cheerful lookine houses of the he adds, that every article 'of
.necessity and comfort may be meanour. 5. Board of Trade may appoint inspectors, but Dryad, Rukerty, from Valparaiso at Arica, and sailed 2nd Jan. dd d " I '
article being much neglecte an all of sale.- 1 here are no transac-
Giving. food for the poet's lays, Rock Ferry, were conspicuous on the left. Obn the right the Procured in the town. The climate is mild for the latitude, no such persons to have an interest in the works. 6. Penalty for Iquique tions reported in Nladders.-25 bales Turkey Madder Koots are re-
That. tlie tale may be told, of thy annals old, southern docks, full of vessels, the shipbuilding yards, and and Dr. Perceval considered it so salubrious that he called it for obstructing inspectors. 7,8, 9. Copies of existing bye- LoM, ILFORD, June 9.-The Felicity, Aikins, from Liverpool for
Won which put in here on the ath instant with loss of foretop- ported at 495, and 50 casks Baltimore Quereitron Bark at uls cd to
And thnglories of better days. lofty buildings of the town, and the roar that arose from " the Montpelier of England." There are two immense soaP laws to be laid before the board, within two calendar months . ' • • les per cwt.-The demand for Olive Oil noticed last week has partly
mast, has pumped up part of her cargo and made so much water
manufactories, the chimneys of which are so high that they after the passing of the'act-otherwise to be void-no future that she ha.s hauled in to stop a leak ' subsided, and the business done in the present has been more
them gave indication of the busy traffic that was going
[The above verses have been sent to us as original; but form conspicuous objects in the landscape for many miles. bye-laws to be valid till two calendar months after they have limited, not exceeding, perhaps, 30 tuns, at previous priees.-Some
on. Ve paseed the wide entrance of the Coburg or trans- business has again been Mile in new pale Seal Oil, to arrive, at
we suspect, from the orthographical blundere in the mann- These are circular, gently tapering, and built of a bright co- been laid before the board and sanctioned. 10. All wovi-
,A.ep7l, ; 1 td
on,
lA,
e. Y JUNE 13.—Wind WN W
atlantic steam-shi dock, the stonework of which is of large
script, that they have been merely copied from some old loured briek. One of them is 102 and the other 92 yards in sions of railway acts requiring the approval or concurirence
of a justice of the peace, or other person, not being a mem- c( Ans 1111 R;
"le' zo
11
'1
.o-e
kSN r £25 10s; and at this price there still appears inquiry for export,
hewn blocks of gray granite., so sloped as to present ear- a B katinatituLTl.c.Lawrenc,e, .C, ti.lase.. ;
tEnnteer,p,rise, but the Dealers are less disposed to purchase, as a large stock of old
ballad. On this account we have suppressed the name at- • : " height. oil yet remains on hand ;in other sorts of Fish Oils there is nothing
ttonul resistance to the action ot the sea. Here was seen,
The river is narrowed, opposite the west end of the town, ber of the company, shall be repealed. 11, 12. Prosecutions leans-Huron. Sim son% sir Jame:Peare' "" el'
i'').
N . - Or-
tached to them.-E. L. S.] floating high over the quay, the immense hull of the new ship
.Ruby, Westcott, from
p , Kenipt„ Shakapeare,
by-a point on the Lancashire side, and a projecting rock on the for infringement of acts to be under the sanction of the Board Henderson, and Robert A. Parke, Nedderman, from Charleston- to report.-Pale Rape Oil is very dull of sale ; but an advance has
now been realized upon Linseed Oil, 25s Gd having been paid, at
. . !NW... "Preside nt , " the largest steare-yessel in the world.
opposite shore. This strait is called Runcorn Gap, and the of Trade, within three years after the offence. 13. Service
bile-Dominica, HarrisSoanv,
.. -- - arfirnoamh-1133aorah-daidtcc,ell;-T.lriaoliti:sou, from elo- which there remain buyers.---For Oil of Turpeetine rather higher
' LITERARY NOTICES. The packet called for a short time at the Brunswick pier, rates continue to be requited, but the demand is by no means brisk.
rock, still called " The Castle Rock," is that on which the of notices and document on one or more directors, or the , from
the Mediterranean-Regina 'Victoria Buse from Trieste-Roscoe -More inquiry had appeared for Palm Oil, and some of the holders
to receive a few passengers from the south end of the town,
dauntless Elfreda built the Castle of Runcorn, to command secretary, or clerk, or by leaving the same at any station Ellis, from Marsala-Fe- mile Wake'llaM, ironi Malaga-and An:
and again proceeded on her course to the south. The Her-
. the entrance to the river. . There are walks along the shore, belonging t th having relaxed in 'nice, aa' extensive business has been done ; the
The ColonialMaga:ine, and Commercial-Maritime Journal. culaneum potteries, and the Mersey forge adjoining, were o e company, to be deemed good service. The guste, Kirkhove, from Ostend. sales amount to 1200 tons, on the spot, rather under the quotations ;
shipbueding y ards, ex., and the opposite strand is picturesque. other clauses are immaterial. since which an increased firmness has been manifested, and a few
Edited by Montgomery Martin, Esq. No. 6. London : soon passed, the latter pouring forth flames from its conical
mesas
of 50, long. s
The parish church is very ancient. It stand on a high bank sales made at £35 los; for small lots .t": 16 is now required ; several
chimneys. Beyond these commence the woods of the Dingle THE HILL Coot,' ES.—The introduct ion of the Hill Coolies Fanny, —, hence for Quebec, was spoken loth June, in lat.
Fisher and Co. near the river, and though the trees that once surrounded it into the British chlonies seems almost a necessary sales have also been made to arrive, the price of which has not tran-
point, and further on, the tine shores of Aigburth, thick with ;
eZrdack, Had:staff, hence for New York, was spired.-Sniall parcels of Baltic Ilemp, and about 50 tons Russian
'This excellent magazine continues to sustain the high have been nearly all removed, and the houses are creeping checkine the horrible slave-trade carried on by foreigners spoken last
villas surrounded by trees and shrubs, and enclosed fields in , Howth hearing W.N.W. distant 30 miles, per Royal Wil- Flax, have found buyers at the annexed quotations, and 950 bales
• out towards it it ie still 1 vener••ble object There are a ••b Jute at .e.'ll les per ton.-The advance in Londou, and the reduced
- character which the earlier numbers so deservedly obtained. the most brilliant hues of sununer verdure, forming one ot , • "• • • but it is necessary that the legislature be on its guard lest liam. (ttteainer)
number of fine mural tablets and monuments with inscrip- stocks here, has enabled holders of Tallow to realize an improve-
It is conducted with great ability. The talented editor and the richest stretches of campaign landscape in the country. the Hill Coolie tra.de become itself a slave-trade as odious Marchioness of Bute, , and Mersey, —, hence at Mo-
Some of the mansions overlook the shore; others are more tions in the interior, and in the church yard the inscriptions and as criminal as that for which it is the proper remedy. bile mtait of Is per cwt. on yellow Candle, small sales having been made
his coadjutors never lose sight of the cui bon° principle in on the grave storres, chiefly in verse, are so numerous, that The Asiatic emigrants have no protection but the British at ses Gd to 51s ;on Monday 127 casks Monte Video Tallow sold by
enclosed, and not a few peep from the range of wooded hills Merlin Richards, hence at Scilly, and sailed sth June for Gib-
any of their articles. The prosperity and happiness of our that rise on the east. Here near the shore are two handsome they occupy the whole of a printed pamphlet, which is sold legislature : left to the mercy of importers and employers, alta '
r Larmet Packet from Mexico at Falmouth • letters not auction at very high rates, good quality having broueht 48s Gd to
49s tid per cwt.; to-day, however, about 200 casks Were offered,
for a small sum. There are also several chapels.
i4.3,11a0tn.4g7.
colonial possessions, and the consequent resulting advantages churches. The opposite shore of Cheshire is of equal inte- their condition will be even worse than the condition of ac- forwarded ' ' ' ' g_ood, the few
which met with less success, as, although the quality was not so
The two docks, at the termination nf the Duke of Bridge
e - tual slaves. We trust, therefore, that the subject will be Amelia, --, hence for Havana, was spoken 25th May, in lat.
to this country, appear to be. the objects of their constant rest, Above the Rock Ferry, the whole shore, bounding the
water's canal, and which were opened in 1828, have proved constantly kept under the notice of p.arliament. It is in our lots went at a decline of Is tidfrom the sale on Monday.
_
ereat basin of the Mersey on the west is also thickly wooded ;
and sedulous pursuit. The present number opens with an abrid E F •
asthant and Alesmere, with ;heir vi- rhite erections are If Ilbef' l t th .t I fth I • td t
rg i y ne icia o e pot . n one o ern coun e en power to restore the prosperity of the late slave colonies by
the accession of an industrious population of enrigrants- Thoina,lslo3ramtt.eV, —, hence for Santa Martha, was spoken LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, JUNE 12.
elaborate and temperately-written article on the " Forma of seen on the water's edge. Hooton Park, the seat of Sir sloops, fifteen schooners, and two brigs, besides a number of
i.l:•7s onfo iineze
ja:eoduirit;:i:,:ir.siowtfive lit:
specnia.tion, Vaght, The market has presented little interest or change during the
vessels in the river ready to enter with the first tide. On the Nancy, Wilson, hence at Newfoundland week. The demand from the trade has been tolerably steady, and
Government established in the British Colonies." The Thomas Stanley, Bart., an elevated ground, and Easthain
quays are piled thousands of tons of bars pf cast iron, yards Susan, James, hence at Marseilles a lair extent of businese done for exportation, as well as on specu-
village with its antique spire a little to the westward also lation ; in some instances the buyers have had rather the attvan-
subject is one of paramount importance. This is followed ' ' fllflt W 11 V t hit- f.l• I - - 's • '
u o s a es, es 1 Imes one, 1 s o cay In argc equare . • hence at Wismar
form fine objects in the landscape ; and behind, stretching ruin of these colonies by reviving slavery in a woree form Sir John ,r •
tb-(t)lobintestirs
1 anklm, , hence for Rio Janeiro, was spoken in tage, particularly in the low descriptions of American, but not so
by a clever account of " Van Diernan's Land-Moral, Phy- man '1 f th t th ••th W I 1 t• •
ymi es rom nor o sou , rise ee s 1 moun ams, pieces from Devonshire, also immense heaps of flint of atl b • d 1 • - ''
ran etore, un er tie name of employing free emiorants. let. 4E, long. 11 much as to alter last week's quotations. Brazil is again rather
very large size, china-stone from Chalsdon, sparkling like lo —r ,dEa t Ii d'a -• • h fal ' •
at. , an s 1 1 itinams eavy o s e at previous lates.
Queen Victoria, Thompson, hence for New Orleans '
, at Belize,
sical, and' Political." Dr. Rolph has contributed a very giving magnitude and extent to the picture. Beyond titles- The political economists tell us that al' • l h°
• egis ature oug t never ,
ranite. The clay &c., is for the supply of the Stafford- Btn alay There have been taken by exporters 1,00 American. 100 Surat, and
valuible paper 'on " Emigration to the Canadas." The de- mere the shore turns to the eastward, forming the southern ge. . .e. .. .
f h. • d • • 1
swe potteries, anti imuiense quantities oteci u e matena to intenneddle between employer and employed. Experi- Governor, Adamson, hence and St. Thomas, at Puerto Cabello 510 Bengal, and on speculation 4900 Aniericau. Of .3600 bales of
boundary of the estuary as seen from this direction, and u enee and common sense •a - tl - state i-
s). let it a . sto be saved wnerp.irAvxlv, Jure 10.-Wilson, Stroup, from Liverpool foe Madras and Surat offered by auction to-day, only 10 Madras were
scription of " Codugu, or Coorg," is highly interesting-. y
there, on wooded land near the shore, backed b the Che- are taken up the canal, and brought back in earthenware for e e
irom anarchy, the duty of this mediation is to be considered Montreal, which put in here 7th June. leaky, proceeded on her sold, at 4id :ti lb.
The statistical details respecting the " Church Lands in shire hills, including the isolated height on which are the home use or exportation. Here there are vessels of up- tl
f le most important of all the duties of legislators.-WaSeh- voyage yesterday, having partly stopped the leak .
ACCOUNT OF SALES AND IMPORTS OF COTTON,
wards of 200 tons. I saw one which had brought a cargo o man.
Upper Canada," and the state of religion in the same co- ruins of the once celebrated Beeston Castle, and the Helsbv ___ _ Front the sth instant to this day, inclusive.
260 tons. Close by these is an immense warehouse of nine
lony, have been compiled with great care. " New Zealand hills on the west of the valley of Weaver, stands Ince Hall,
stories in height. The office of the Old Quay Company is a EMIGRATION TO CANADA.—The decline of emigration to SUNDAY, JITNE 14.-Wind S. fresh. , Prices paid IMPORTS
the residence of E. Yates, Es Af - • tl 'll f
q. ter passing le vi age o Mule
t so.-Henry Bliss, Smith, from New Orleans-John Cad.
Colonisation" is also an article of great merit, furnishing us Garston. on the Lancashire side, celebrated for its salt-works, large mansion of brick and stone. Canada, and increase in the r b '
nun er of emigrants to Australia, mus, . and Chevalier, Prince, from Savannah-Birmingham, SALES OF THE WEEK. be the week. This Wk. this year
i hown in a corres onden
The locks are exceedingly interesting, and there is a walk -8 8 P ce between the Canada Company Drummond : Stephen Baldwin, Gledden, and Timoleon, Winsor,
with some very valuable information. the shore on the cast becomes, if -1)1 11 • •
poem e, more rura y in- d the Col .• I ffi It 1 ;f a h ,I fti H 160 . Sea Island l2d6) 22d
along either side of them. There are ten falls (or lifts) of 10 "n onia.-o-ce, .a.e.y pr.n.e- ey oreer 0- -le -Ouse from Mobile-Arabella, Rogers ; Emotes, Crosby ; Constitution,
terestin<,-much of it being covered by the deep and lofty , 20 , Stained - 64 1 1124 1265636
• feet each, and consequently 10 pairs of gates. The„ leas of Commons. The subject ot' the company's letter is the Peabody ; Columbia, Robinson, and New England, Lowell, from 8710 ; Bowed Georgia
woods o'f Speke Hall, a very ancient seat where there are New Orleans-Henry Thompson, , from St. Mark-Eliaabeth,
Christian Literature. 7'he Trial of the Witnesses of the • • ' • are filled and emptied by side culverts in the stone-work, not sum of £348,680. which they have engaged to pay the govern- i r Mobile
many interesting remains of antiquity, and a variety of paint- --, from Finland-Norval
Resurrection of Jesus. By the Right Rev. Thomas Sher- ing and statuary. Higher up stand Hale Hall and Hale vil- by slides in the gates, so that the water is admitted and ex- nient for the crown reserves, and 1,000,000 acres of other —, from Afric ' .
a-and O'Connell, M•Allen, from Naples. • . Alabama and Tennessee 42 - 6.1 5642 361207
eluded in a shorter time and with greater safety, than by the waste lands. Of this they have laid out £43,345 in improve- SAII 11960 : New Orleans
lock, D.D., Bishop of London. Edinburgh :A. and C. lage, the ancient tower of the church being almost hid by '
.ED.—Eugene, Perre, for Bruges-Russia, M`Manus, for Ha- ! Pernambuco & Paraiba 9 - lea ,
old la]. This is .wli t''s merits with the sanction of • ,
p 1 a I called the losing end of the canal. goeernment which reduces their vana-Eclipse, Helluard. for Ostend-Belvidere, Voss, and Wil- 280 { - I 1117 1 15140
trees. Here the shore is agreeably diversified bv projecting i Aricati and Ceara - 9i
Black ; Liverpool : C. Davies and Co. . In other words, there is a small loss of water by every vessel debt to £305,135, and of this £245,000 having been already helm, Bradhering, for Riga-Allegro, Regesser, for Stettin-Irt,
points and indentures forming little bays. Hale Hall belongs Igo , Bahia and Maceio - eat 1345 12123
This yvork, with others noticed below, forms a part of to the Blackburn f .1 d •
ami y, an is stated in tradition to have f .
that goes up. The canal, however, is fed at the various parts Ludlow, for Bahia-Queen of Britain Follet o ' -
paid, the sum now actually due is X 60,135. During the last , .f r Cayenne Secret, • Maranhani - 91 1
o its entr.ance from the Staffbrdshire canal, the Rochdale, he state of affairs •
two years t in Canada has been very preps-
• Davies for Lima-Perle Cartelles, for Memel-Governor Troup, 40 ;{ i
Sawginned
the useful series of re-publications of the works of our great been celebrated for the great stature of some of its inhabitants. B t ' f ' ' '
u man, or New •1 ork-Margaret Ilighfield, Johnstone, for Bar -
and the Wigan each vessel bringing with 1 e ••itw re a dicial to the interests of the company If emigration cease Minas - - -
divines and Christian philosophers, issued by Messrs. Black One of these, a John Middleton, was called " the Child of
sufficienc •of Water to njak ' - 'r'
ab
.0. C•' one of the chief ohects of the cm.* - '
) eup tor any loss that 'meta arise. J pany that of prepanng
, badoes-Arrow, Rider, for Barcelona-Royal Saxon, Black, for - 1 " " 1 •• • •
Bomb G
ay- loucester Easterbrook for Boston-Medea Bla .1,14 •
Hale " and tradition ascribes to him many extraordinary . , , C.. el , 20 Demerara, Surinam, &c 94 - - .... 201
of Edinburgh. This undertaking is one which we hope will ' - • Adjoining the locks are basins, or emba h •
yrnents, w ere ves- for the reception of emigrants-will cease alse, but althou 1
g 1 for Copenhagcn-Auguste alethilde, Groenwolt, for Danzic -Era,
feats of strength and prowess. His height, it is said, was 540 ; Egyptian - 11 18110
meet with extensive encouragement and support. When nine feet three innhes, and it is added that he was propor- sels may lie without interrupting the navigation. This canal without emigration they will have but little opportunity of Hingston, tor Messina--Oxford, Robinson, for Portland, U.S.- - - ....
186
complete, this series will form a perfect " cycloptedia" of tionately formed, the palm of his hand being eight inches runs upon one level for about thirty miles. There is a tine selling their lands, they are still bound to pay for them, and Adelaide,
Barn:mule,
Davidson, for Quebec-Belle, Rabens, for St. Petersburg
Dik, for Amsterdam-Perseus, Rowan, for Miramiclu
'Peruvian - -10 1 •' • ' ')
broad. He was born in 1578, and died at Hale in 1628. stone bridge across it just above the locks, where for the ac- after paying for them without settling, they are liable to a -
-Gret Gombi
ry, er, for Antwerp-Trenton. Bennett, for New York - 8 I
I I
biblical and theological knowledge. It embraces the most commodation of the vessels it widens out considerably. heavy settlement duty, besides 'a provincial tax on unsold I Laguayra - -
From this part of the sail, the Mersey is seen at its fullest -Daniel, Jones, for Gibraltar-Irvine, Reid for Mirainichi-Anna
celebrated and popular works, both doctrinal and practical, extent. Its embouchure being concealed by intervening land, There are some handsome public and private buildings in lands.
~ In
rten years the nmigration to Quebec has decreased Christina, Ilanjer, for Neustadt-Racchorse;Punehard, for Jar eiro I Common West India, &c... 54 -- }- .... 3114
of the most eminent British authors who have flourished it forms an apparent lake, extending from north to south Runcorn. The town-hall is a neat stone structure, with a from 1a,94a to 3,390, while to Australia it has increased from -Emelle, Thorsen, for Walloe, &c -Henriette. Divoort, for Ant- 10 Carthagena - i
I
3 444 to about 9 000 in a • 20 ' Smyrna - - -
since the Reformation. The whole are published at an ex- about fifteen miles and at its widest portion six to seven portico of lonic fluted columns, surmounted by a pediment , , period of eight years. The purpose werp-Ann Laing, Hudson, for Eatavia-Oseola, Child, and Oregon, i Manilla - -
Glidden, for lloston-•lason, Hammer, and Frederick Wilhelm 111, '•• • • • i
" ' •th 1 k • h 11' h d- • 1
wi a.c oc in t e centre, on wre sten ean ornamenta of the letter is to request that the balance of £60,000 ma b
y e 860 • Surat 3l —i;
. miles from east to west. Studded with vessels of various Boehreudt, for Danzic-James. Owen, for Halifax-European
ceedingly low price, so as to be accessible to almost every , . . little circular temple or belfry. expended in promoting emigration instead of beine •A t
e pal 0 10 ! Madras
descriptions, and surrounded, as it were, by shores at once M•Lellan, for New 'York-Courier Beck for Pillau-Vir inia,
class of readers. We cordially wish the spirited publishers rich and • t • th tf -1 btl f• •
pie mesque, e scene canno at , o 1 tom its After having partaken of some refreshmentel took my way the government. The answer to this letter from Downing
' - Barstow, for Philadel • . ' g '
phm-and Chandos, ---, for at. Petersburg. ;
510 ! Bengal
. towards Halton Tower, by a pleasant road, running some street states, that the sum due from the company is part of
every success. The part under notice is one of the best in extent and variety, deeply to interest the contemplative voy- • I 1 1 ' U me° bales 9942 726252
the series. It has been long known to biblical students as distance along the canal. The tower-hill and ruins are
ager. The river higher up, and before reaching Runcorn, • . . . . • • tre ant revenue ot pper Canada, placed at the disposal of Tuscany Smith ; Vistula Sullivan and Aurora Mendicolanda,
lence at avana
thelo ll •lt • • 'I f • 'll. I I ti ' ' '
ca . egis a me, in exc iange or a mit ist to ie granted
-- sweeps towards, or rather runs from, the north-eastwar .
d amongst the most interesting objects in this part of the king- MONDAY EVENING.
one of the most triumphant vindications of the New Testa • to the crown and that as the off i bef th C cl.
dom, and afford delightful and most extensive views ; but I , er s ore e ana lan 'Facitns Moore hence at ditto a9th April and sailed llth May on There has been a good demand for Cotton to-day, and the sales
The course of the steam-boat is considerably nearer to the her return ' ' - ' .
meat evidence for the fact of the resurrection of our Saviour. Lancashire than the Cheshire shore, until reaching near her must embody some account of them in another, and, I trust, House of Assembly, it is impossible to entertain the com- Hannah. Rattray sailed from Havana for Matanzas 4th May are 5,000 bags, including 1,000 on speculation, and 300 for export ;
a more interesting sketch. pany's proposal. This answer is dated the lfith of last prices steady, with a heavy arrival, there having been 34 vessels
Loa • '
-hinvar, Allan, hence at Vera Cruz
" The Sequel of the Trial" contains an able reply to the destination. We passed a number of vessels bound to Run- from America within the last three da -s.
)
January.-Cork Constitution. Melina, Butler ; Enterprise, Fletcher, and Cambrian, Roper,
corn-two brigs rind two schooners of considerable burthen - •
casiils of a " Moral Philosopher," who attempted to grapple hence at Newfoundland
towed by one steamer, and upwards of that number of flats NIISCELLANEO US. • William IV, hence at Carbonear LIVERPOOL PROVISION MARKET, JUNE 15.
witli Bishop Sherlock's arguments. towed by another at a fair speed. A great number of flats, NORTHERN HOSPITAL, Jure!: 13. Warrior, Keames. lience at Tampico We have again to notice a very heavy arrival of Butter, the Cork
barges, &c., were also making their way up, at a slower rate ADMITTED. DISCHARGED. Rolla, Miller, from Pernambuco, at Falmouth -, sailed sth May. steamer alone bringing 6,000 firkins, and prices have consequently
' PENNY POSTAGE.—A lady of Yeovil last week 'received a • experienced a further reduction of Ss to los per cwt. The finest
Christian Literature. A View of the Internal Evidence of under sail. The passenger will notice several salt works l Accidents
close to the shore. The last, iu a bight, is called the Dun- etter from a friend in London, containing twenty-seven Medical and Surgical cases Attending as Out Patients .• . 7 Fahnouth Carlow and Waterford finds purchasers with difficulty at 88s to 90s,
the Claistian Religion. By Soame Jenyns. gooseberry bushes, (the whole of which she has had planted,) Upon recommendation ..... 1 i Irregular
geon. A point is formed by the land at Hale Hall, and the and all for one penny. Died I 31st May, in lat. 41, long. 46 not been a proportionate fall ii; the price of pickled Butter, seconds
Observations on the Conversion and Apostleship of St. Paul. river narrows between it and Weston Point, southward, on r Total
.
By Lord Lyttleton. Edinburgh: A. and C. Black ; Liver- the opposite side. As the shores approximate, the scenery "I am exceedingly anxious, tny dear," said a very prim Remaining in the Hospital .- •. 77 n lat. 24, long. 49 India is now worth .e. 7 5s per tierce ; prime Mess, .41 lOs to £7
on each side becomes more and more picturesque and varied. lady to her husband, " that you should never be out after ten Alexander Edmond, Strang, from Liverpool for Quebec, was Prime Mess Pork, 76s to 82s per barrel, and but little inquiry for.
pool : C. Davies and Co. The site of Runcorn is marked by two very tall soapery o'clock." " Yes, my love,' replied mon expose, " because Treasurer, It. W. Bateson, Esq. spoken 31st MayAff the Mull of Cantire the article. Bacon very steady at the late advance, and a further
These two masterly tracts constitute another part of the chimneys, and a windmill. The dark woods of the Ilielsley that is the time at which you generally commence your cur- House Visitors, Henry Holmes, Esq. and Jacques Myers, Esq. i - increase in price anticipated : prime heavy meat, 52s per ewt.
series of " Christian Literature." With the positions of the and Overton hills become conspicuous, beyond the rich and tain lecture."-Globe. Chaplain, Rev. J. Connor. House Surgeon, Mr. Aniotl• MONDAY, Jowls 15.-Wind W.S.W. There has been rather an active demand for Lard at 58s to 6as per
cwt. for firkins and bladders.
AERlVED.—Ontario, Holmes, and Barbara, Luhe. from Mobile-
former of these works we do not entirely agre , sp
e e ecially extensive marshes below Frodsham ;on the east rise Run- A SOLDIER IN THE PULPIT.—On Sunday afternoon last, ----- -- ------ - e Chevalier, Prince from Savannah- ' a " -
, Norta Is, V) ilia, from New- - ..
. corn and Weston hills, with buildings scattered upon them ; private Mills, belonging to the Barton t f Y
roop o eomanry P ACKET BOATS.-BALMOUTI-1 STATION, foundland, in 18 days-Abeona, Barrow, front Nlarseilles-Emnia, LIVERPOOL CATTLE MARKET, JUNE 15.
with the views of the author on tbe plenary inspiration ot and opposite to them, on the Lancashire side • D.
,is seen itton Cavalry, preached a sermon in his military uniform from the Aughterson. from Cape Misarda, (Africa) : sailed afah April-Vic- The supply of Beasts at market to-day was much the same as
GENERAL POsT-OFFICE, June 12.
I vindication of the
the Holy Scriptures. Still it is a powerfu marsh, and the seat called Ditton Lodge. There had been pulpit of the Wesleyan Methodist chapel at Lincoln.-
truth of Christianity, and may afford mach satisfaction to some rain while the boat was on her way, and while the Boston Herald. Fs 'cn ez ?..evg,H,.xt:”J.c).46-ril a 4.g2 n=zi from St. Joseph-Wassily Willikey„ from St. Petersburg- very high prices were demanded, and sales effected at our last (mo-
o re,
ili, a, ~,..,2, a 9; 5..• el 'e- e4aoee. er o re
clouds still cast their shadows upon the hills, the sun glistened Hersey, Lonsdale, front the Cape of Good Hope-Five- Sisters, tations, 745 ; second quality, 7id ; inferior, did to Qd. The num.
the candid inquirer, as well as furnish the Christian student The 1.
et itor of the New Orleans Times says, the corsets ?Le ,O- R,*er s- '''' •-3 )-I.' a ' r''' '-'"' a•;1 '''''';'.' ' 't"-. "' 6.0 ''''' '
through them on parts of the campaien country below, mak- 0-fee.eeeree eslee-eavee,in newess-tee Earl, from Cadiz-Tarrujo ado, Pelhi, from Lisbon-General Wash- ber of Sheep and Lambs was a little larger than last week. Prime
with powerful arguments against the infidel. Lord Lyttle- ing the fields of a vivid and beautiful'
green. svorn by the ladies of that city will bear a monstrous strain, ~.,e, , :see es e, ae, e, 1....,.:..."/4;13 aPZA-41' ington, Marbury, from New Orleans-Eto, Zotti, from Trieste- Wethers sold at Girl to 7tl; second quality, Gad • inferior, 6d. Good
ud in from a lady he saw in the street, who was so nearly ; 2..res•r: a' "'; .I.' a ''''' ''' '4 5 --. E'tfc;'.l ro ^ and Jane A. Milvian, Storer, from Gergenti. Lambs in demand at 7fd to ad ; second and inferior quality, 7d to
. ton's elaborate tract is too well known and 'too generally ap- After a delightful sail of about an hour and three quarters Jg g es2Ci rD . ~., ..2 0 ~•••• rz, '-' t 7 745.
, cut in two, that a man would be considered amenable for Pa aee 0. °, ''.. ,1 a• "v.at o• ~•e'• al a• a'a- 8-14.-, ti:,- = ii. fl, _____
preciated to need any extended commendation. It forms the boat called to land some of the passengers at bigamy should lie marry her. .„,eeeg.nsees =nee- gnen2o n eel e- gx::q Eit SAILED.—Wm. Jardine, Croshie, for Gravesend and Calcutta- _ • -
• a - ••• . IV, • WESTON POINT. pi 2it2>v e. "0 :.! .7,..A' a ~, b. E :-. p..) E. .8 F. ;:i4. rn. ii. .Henry Ewbank. Smith, for Madeira-Siddons, Palmer, for New LIVERPOOL PRICES CURRENT.
Wir‘r. I: 1 Ant—Tr. t• willorra r.l-111,,-.11 ~. 4"...., Rllllllo‘rgt llnr.l, oh. ci. .73 r,. a 0 ...
;:.
a 2 9, 4= " - '''
.._-o. cr aaal ',•?, 31; 2. Fi 5, York-Galston, Watts, for Manilla-Creamore, Shapley, for New- As nes • MADDER Cal 5 d 1
._

Christian Literature. A View of the Internal Evidence of
the Christian ReUnion. By Somme Jenyns.
Observations on the Conversion and Apostleship of St. Paid.
By Lord Lyttleton. Edinburgh: A. and C. Black ; Liver-
pool : C. Davies and Co.
These two masterly tracts constitute another part of the
series of " Christian Literature." 'With the positions of the
former of these works we do not entirely agree, especially
with the views of the author on the plenary inspiration of
the Holy Scriptures. Still it is a powerful vindication of the
truth of Christianity, and may afford much satisfaction to
the candid inquirer, as well as furnish the Christian student
with powerful arguments against the infidel. Lord Lyttle-
ton's elaborate tract is too well known and 'too generally ap-
preciated to need any extended commendation. It forms
suijoble accompaniment to the work of Gilbert West
I*urrection of Jesus Christ. The reissue of such
~*orks at the present crisis, when infidel writers are straining
, every nerve to sap the foundations of our national faith, is
~peculiarly opportune.

Here commences the Weaver Navigation Canal, which
rises for a considerable distance nearly parallel with and
close to a stone sea-wall, recently constructed, on the top of
which is a pier or cop affording an elevated grassy walk. I
here landed, having a wish to visit some of the extensive
quarries for which the place is celebrated. The canal, which
here runs in a south-easterly direction towards the mouth of
the Weaver, commences with a long basin or dock, having
locks, for the reception of the numerous flats in their transit
by this line of navigation. The sea-wall, which slopes in a
curve, or inverted arc, towards the river, is upwards of a mile
in length, and is substituted for an old ill-constructed wear
wall, which it was found impossible to maintain, and of which
some shattered remains may yet be seen. Other new erec-
tions for commercial convenience are also in progress, includ-
ing a dock for flats from Northwich and Winsford. There
are several neat houses, warehouses, &c., at Weston Point.
Crossing the canal by one of the dock-gate bridges, the visi-
tor will reach by a little lane a neat inn, surrounded by trees
and shrubberies, called " The Weaver Arms," kept by Mrs.
Barns. He may hence proceed southward, towards Wes-
ton, passing several of the stone quarries. A green
lane between trees and hedges will lead bins to some houses
on Weston bill, near a small chapel. From almost any part
of this hill the views are highly beautiful and extensive. The
whole of the estuary of the Mersey northward is spread before
the spectator, like a huge lake or inland sea, toundecl by the
wooded shores already named. Westward are the now abrupt
and strongly defined Helsby and Overton hills, with dark
forests of pines near their tops. Under them on the east side,
and on a site, about two miles distant, surrounded by rich
enclosed fields, stands the town of Frodsham, the houses and
ancient church distinctly visible. Below these, on the
right, lie Frodsham marshes, presenting a sea of verdure.
Here, I was informed, a thousand head of cattle find ample
pasturage. The Weaver and the canal are between the spec-
tator and Frodsham, in a fine rich bottom of meadows and
corn fields. The river is tortuous, and the canal, which
again runs into it higher up, cuts off some of the curves in
the navigation. The general aspect of the whole country is,
indeed, truly delightful; and the view is rendered more and
more extensive by every additional step in the assent of the
hill. The Overton hills bound the celebrated Forest of De-
lamere.
I had a note of introduction to a gentleman (Mr. Sampson)
connected with one of the large quarries, and found bins at
the works. Ile afforded me all the information in his power ;
but the rain which continued to fall heavily, marred the pros-
pect. The greater part of the land in Weston is owned by
three parties, namely, Miss Orred, of Elms Cottage, Wm.
Banks, Esq. and Philip Whitehead, Esq. There are several
large farmers, three of whom, Mr. Banks, Mr. Fletcher, and
Mr. Ford, make each about two cheeses daily of 40 to 501bs.
weight. The pasture land in this quarter is very rich and
well suited for the purposes of the dairy. In other respects
Weston is chiefly noted for its fine stone, vast quantities of
which, in huge blocks, have for many years been sent to Li-
verpcol and other places, for the erection of docks, and pub-
lic and private buildings. It is of a lightish red colour, and
of excellent durable quality. The quarry at which I found
my friend is known as one of the Weston Point quarries. It
is worked by J no. Toinkinson, Esq., and is situated on the ris-
ing ground facing the mouth of the Weaver. From 100 to 150
men are here employed in the ), arious branches of the work,
and there is a railway to Weston Point, for the convey-
ance of the article when squared. The top stratum of the
rock is from 40 to 45 feet in depth : there is then a bed of
rubble of four to five yards deep ; under it there is another
stratum of rock from 30 to 40 feet in thickness, and of fine
durable quality. The depth of this quarry is amazing. The
men working at the bottom appear much reduced its size, and the
huge ledges and masses of rock, some of them spanned at a fear-
temporary bridges of planks, together with the
sfuolushiedigohfthbaymmers, picks, and voices ascending from the ca-
vities below, render the whore a scene at once novel and inte-
restini,. There is another large quarry below, and some
otlsetrh se htoamthleet feoastward. A short distance to the westward
lies

The editor of the New Orleans Times says, the corsets
worn by the ladies of that city will bear a monstrous strain,
judging from a lady he saw in the street, who was so nearly
cut in two, that a man would be considered amenable for
bigamy should he marry her.
Too BAD !—ln a village church, a few Sundays back, the
clergyman having published the banns of marriage, was very
aptly followed by the clerk reading the hymn, commencing;
" Mistaken souls, who dream of heaven."
A funeral has not taken place in this town (Barnstaple)
from the 25th of April to the 26th of May ; this, in a popula-
tion of 8,000, is an extraordinary circumstance, and speaks
volumes of the salubrity of the season.
CAUTION.—By the new Prison Discipline Act, 2 and 3
Victoria, cap. 56, persons endeavouring to introduce any for-
bidden articles into a prison, are liable to a penalty not
exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty shillings, or in de-
fault of payment one month's imprisonment.
The river Thames has become the most important highway
in this kingdom, and perhaps in Europe. Capital to the
amount of five millions sterling is employed in steam naviga-
tion, and 150 steam vessels of all descriptions are constantly
employed on the river.

o eZI
o
m
VZI;TnI=B3
)«1"77,7
• .
a g',llt-'-Pe=l
"es 824.._.
gsg'
O ggs ip
VP 7.9.; :0
g. 4 Fe!
• 2m
.1;g: -
8- p.vp.
40 mg- rPt
gg 4;0; VII
',T; Rag' im
a 2e, -;
E 0
• or
i 5.E•
g;
• -=-
g 2
0 =,-
e 0
1:1 t)
-
• EE,; !4x
§'•
°
• 4.44
• 24:W E."
w=n
- -
c.Z);-'t
g §•
§@ W
P
M =,
150 .

=r=z/eg■;moa® n=zl
-,a”.woi.6Fp=4;o7,vAag.
x.5.9.;..10. 2W.Foatvg
nti-rpf.:7 mgz;4gEP
?ril7cl, g2;t1":-. .';4107:4P:.
;.=t,„4 0.:1--la g. .....1.... =,
',s7Mal.
r:. = :-.-• V, E-8 t_. -.A z g Z::'
%:411 .mBE ii,. EEt'ag..
gg sp 4
=-
"4.' cr
::11gl'grl
=.O, g- 2 '4:3; si, :1,74-
=2. P.WE; :.-_, so ,•.1 p. s. -
;r ®4~
~.. -® B-2.2:.
<A= i5p2..... • .. m= ZMO
. ?; ;AEC' 2 5: z--
,—_,,...,c(g,-..--....-a.-..,,,,_,—/:

Q— —,,, 5 7, tri cn m .-i ril
74. , ® -: -1 -1 = ,
Er.. .... —.3 g 21 ri • 2
O z ; g'• a. c A-1 I 4-1 P.
-, 00. p.. 5.), 2 r/2 ~ . 4 0.
ez F., 0 .g. 0. F,. = . 2,,
g =. :.:: 2 P'e. 0 c. ' P
q r.:". 57 .4- r:, `3.• r a
0 '-' , g .9 E "'
c.. , m
O -, 0. .1 so =•• P.
w et :* .., c.
, ,
m•
.rpi p `...: ...5.
. . .
..< •

SAILED.—Wm. Jardine, Crosbie, for Gravesend and Calcutta—
.Henry Ewbank. Smith, for Madeira—Siddons, Palmer, for New
York—Galston, Watts, for Manilla—Creamore, Shapley, for New-
foundland—Charlotte, Gorham, for New Orleans—Cypress, Far-
mer, for Newfoundland and Quebec—Newport, Le Gross, for Alex-
andria—Richard, Simpson, for Valparaiso—and Agnes, Canning,
for Sincapore.
.

i',.
=...-..
o El
4;
= 5
0.p.,

Christian Literature. Moses Unveiled; and the Harmony
of all the Prophets. By William Guild. Edinburgh :A.
and C. Black ; Liverpool: C. Davies and Co.
This work contains a minute and elaborate explanation of
those figures, in the Mosaic Dispensation, which served as
natterns and shadows of heavenly things, pointing out the
Messiah, Jesus Christ; and presents us with a connected
view of the prophecies contained in the Old Testament re-
lating to His coming, and the redemption which he was to
accomplish by his death. The whole is eminently calculated
to confirm the Christian and to convince the Jew. The
author has succeeded in establishing the perfect harmony of
the Old and New Testaments, and in producing a work which
cannot but be considered as a powerful antidote to the cavils
of the shallow infidel. This work ought to be in the bands
of every young person.

Her Majesty has been pleased to elevate General Sir Thos.
Wilshere to the dignity of a Baronet of the United Kingdom,
as a reward for his services at the capture of Khelat, in the
East Indies..

IMPORTANT TO CHURCHWARDENS.--Mr. Justice Cole-
ridge lately decided, that a party who had served the office
of churchwarden one year, was eligible to the office the next,
but that he could not be•cornpelled to serve against his will.

- 561 02 F.
" 4.1
4 oc
ic I:0 •
lii t E
.4
••' •

.
~.., T.... t. ~.. •
4 c c c ....- ;•4: c.A, - c - c to =
g
41 .3 c,3 .. .. w,..

Bradhering, for Riga, has put back leaky, and with loss
of topmasts, having been on shore near the Victoria Channel
May, Brown ; Hesperus, Jackson ; Inglewood, Scott, and Dee,
Wylie, hence at Africa
A brig of about 150 tons. with " Grey", part of the name visible,
(supposed to be the Greyhound,) was passed 29th May, in lat. 39,
long. 51, dismasted and water logged
Ironside, . from Texas to Liverpool, was spoken 17th ult.

out 26 days
Brazilian, -, from Monte Video, off Falmouth; sailed Bth
April
Limena, , hence to Barbadoes, was spoken lath June, 60
miles west of Turkar
John Holland, -, from New Orleans. at the Clyde
Clarissa Andrews, --, from New Orleans for the Clyde, at the
Cove
Diligentia, Mesq•iita, sailed from Lisbon for Liverpool 7th June
Plicebe, , hence to Savannah, was spoken 18th May, in lat.
30, long. 38 •

Caledonia. (supposed from) Liverpool to New Orleans, was
spoken 7th May,,in lat. 0 6, long. 31
Trinacria, Lagana, hence at Palermo

TELEGRAPH OFFICE, JUNE 15, 1840.

THE ABOLITION OF IMPRISONMENT FOR DEBT.—Since
the passing of the act for the abolition of imprisonment fur
debt on mesne process, the various debtors' prisons in the
metropolis have been comparatively empty, not only of those
formerly taken on mesne process, but by some beneficial
working of the system, there are not so many taken in ex-
ecution. At present there are( only 74 prisoners in the
Queen's Bench, and 22 in the Marshalsca, being the lowest
number ever known to have been confined within its walls.

PRIESTS ON THE LOOK-OUT FOR CONVERTS.—A respect-
able correspondent in this neighbourhood has declared his
readiness to restore a girl of the Protestant faith to her eye-
sight if her whole family go to mass. The eye is entirely
destroyed, and attempt at cure would not be entered upon
by the able and attentive surgeon, G. A. Nixon, Esq.—
Another priest recently made his way into the county pri-
son to render sane a lunatic ; but his success was something
more than equivocal, for he next day knocked down his
keepers.—Fermanagh Reporter.

CHRISTIAN ADVICE.—A priest directed his flock from the
altar of Castlebar chapel of Sunday, to throw boiling water
upon any persons who might bring tracts to their houses. He
understood, he said, " the wives of swaddling preachers" and
others were in the habit of doing so ; but let them be treated
as he ordered, and they would not, he was sure, go there
again with their poison. Father James Hughes advised
another sort of chastisement for those who were so wicked as
to attempt to disseminate scriptural truths. The pitchfork
or the bog-hole were, in his eyes, the proper punishment.
Scalding is the favourite mode prescribed by his brother in-
quisitor who held forth on Sunday. Most Christian pastors,
truly !—Mayo Constitution.
WINDOW DUTY.—A return to an order of the House of
Commons of the window duty assessed for the years 1837
and 1838, for the twelve towns in England which pay the
largest amount, is so far curious, as it shows the progress
made from the former to the latter of those years in building
improvements. For Liverpool the amount of duty in 1837
was £21,789, while in 1838 it was £22,277. a difference of
above £5OO. For Bath the difference is little more than
£2OO ; the duty for 1837 being £18,432, and for 1838 being
£18,648. For Bristol the increase is scarcely above £lOO ;
the duty being £12,038 for 1837, and £12,145 for 1838. For
Manchester the difference is under £lOO ; the duty for 1837
being £12,547, and for 1838 being £12,639.
SOAP Suns.—Gardeners and others are not sufficiently
aware of the value of this article as a manure. It is com-
monly poured down the drains, and suffered to run to waste ;
whereas if it were applied occasionally to the roots of vines,
fruit trees, &c., the vigour of the plants will he surprisingly
increased. The exhausted lees of the soap boilers have long
been used as a manure ; but few people think of applying the
oil and alkali of the soap in its more valuable state of liquid.
asroorutYcetliiemilnie: a
eangt• a:
att CAT's
'thereabsa s
Some
chosen
mies
boys a a
rookery
o os
kow
eme r somewhat
e eat odd
climbing
a r
the
NEST—On the premises of Mr. John Ingleby,
ol atuer
see
ee f;
fooarrn her
he
aer
purpose of taking the young rooks, they discovered a hole
about twenty feet from the ground, from which, seeing puss
emerge, they had the curiosity to
examine it, and discovered
three fine kittens. None' f of the family had ever seen the cat
visit her leafy abode ; but they had missed her at nights.—
Hull Rockingham.
A PuzzLEß.—lf Lord Stanley's bill be so ' q
measure as some of our Radical contemporaries pretend, a temporaries pretend, it
is passing strange that, in reliance solely
on the eloquence
and argument of its defenders, unaided by official influence
or unworthy arts, it should have triumphed,
twice, over the triple alliance of Irish Liberallisonti ,
English
but
Radicalism, and a Government wedded to both,—in defiance,
too, of all that argument, sophistry, intimidation, intrigue,t
and grossly violated parliamentary usages could do to secure
its rejection in a British House of Commons.--Watchman.
RELATIVE STATUS OP WHIGQICRY AND CONSERVATISM
IN MANCHESTER.—We take the following
forcible remarks
from the Manchester Chronicle :—We have one other point
to submit to those who regard—as we believe, justly regard—
the circulation of the conservative and whig papers as a test
of the influence of the respective parties. Thee joint circula-
tion of the Manchester conservative pape r the past six
months was 183,940, while the entire circulation of the Guar-
• • 154 500. In other words,
Guar-
dian, as a single publication, was ,
the number of conservative readers and subscribers exceeds
that of the Guardian readers and subscribers by 29,440, or
1,132 per week. This is the only just mode of estimating the
comparative value of the conservative and whig press, as a
test of public opinion, or a vehicle for public announcements ;
and in either light conservatives may justly congratulate
themselves on the view presented.

WESTON,
A straggling place, with a large open space or common
in the centre, in which are the remains of an old cross.
There are several very antique houses, barns, &c., of
stone, and also of frame and brick-work. The village ap-
pears to be founded on rock. Near one end there is a tine
antique farm-house, in the old English style, with a garden
in front, and a large holly tree clipped in a fantastic manner.
From this village I passed on by a lane, and afterwards a
field footroad, to

ROCK SAVAGE. sir John
Savage,Herefrom asori whompllendi it wasdran named.. sionwaalserectedThe
in 1565, by
original building was
called Clifton Hall, from thetownship in which it stood. His
Majesty King James I. was here sumptuously entertained,
after hunting in Halton Park. it afterwards fell into the
possession of the Barrymore family and 6nally into the hands
of the Marquis of Cholmondeley. lt is delightfully situated,
amongst woods and lawns, overlooking the waters of the
eaver, and the rich marshes that surround the eminence
on which it stands. It is described as having been in 1640
a
splendid
mansion, in a most delectable spot ; but very little
of it now remains to gratify the researches of the antiquary.
A portion of the ruins, about 40 feet in height, and about
twenty broad at the base, with an ash tree growing close up
to it and some feet over it, rises abruptly at the north-east
corner of what appears to have been the site of the structure,
and is probably. a part of one of the sides. In front, too,
there is an ancient buttressed stone wall, with a gateway in
the centre, enclosing a square space, now apparently a gar-
den, which was probably occupied by the building and its
courts. There are also dilapidated walls and arches, at dif-
ferent points; and a sort of well, covered with boards, was
she rn to me, said to lead to a culvert or vault, under some
running along the top of a field. On
doilbeipwideastte
dverryernaihaißidss'ome detached offices of stone, forming
three sides of a quadrangle, were built by the flarrymore fa,
may, in a modern style, and these are still in good preserva-
tion. There is also a large antique farm-house, said to have
been built out of part of the ruins. This house and the farm

o A Pp.
76A
: :

E t 7=2
g "al

Pt. .1.

GRAND JUNCTION RAILWAY.

The following are the Times of Departure from Lime-street
Liverpool, and from Liverpool.road, Manchester:—
TIMES OF DEPARTURE

FROM LIVERPOOL AND MANCHESTER TO BIRMINGHAN
3 30 a.m. First Class, joins London Train at 8 30 a.m.
6 a.m. Mixed
8 15 a.m. First Class
10 30 a.m. First Class
12 15 p.m. First Class
4 p.m. Mixed
7 p.m. First Class „ 12
FROM BIRMINGHAM TO LIVERPOOL AND MANCHESTER
2 15 a.m. First Class—Meets N. Union Train to Preston
at Parkside.

1 15 p.m.
4 , p.m.
6 p.m.

6 a.m. Mixed Train do. do. do.
11 30 a.m. First Class
2 15 p.m. First Class
2 45 p.m. First Class—Meets N. Union Train to Preston
at Parkside.

3 30 p.m. Mixed
5 p.m. First elass
On Sunday the Departures will be

3 30 a.m. First Clas-s, joins London Train at 8 30 a.m.
8 15 a.m. Mixed • ~ . „ 1 30 p.m.
10 30 a.m. „
7 P.us. ~ „ •12
15 a.m. First Class
7 30 a.m. Mixed
11 30 a.m. „
243 p.m. „
Tim Trains on Sundays stop at First Class Stations only.

LIVERPOOL AND MAI,

PROM L'POOL TO MANCNESTER.
Fir3t Class Second Class
- Morning.. 7 0 Morning
8 45 „ 10
.0 ~

11 0 „ ..I1 45 ~
2 0 Aftern. .. 230 Aftern.
445 „ .. 5 30
~..,,

7 15 Evening .. 7 15 Mixed
Stop only at Newton & Prkside
* Except ou Saturdays, when ti
ON NII!
First Class Second Class
8 0 Morning.. 7 0 Morning
5 0 Aftern. .. 5 30 Aftern.
7 15 Evening .. 7 15 Mixed
top only at Newton & Prkside I
TO PRESTON
FROM LIVERPOOL.
8 45 Morning.. First Class

11 0 „ 91
2 30 Aftern. Second Class
4 45 „ ~ Mixed
715 „ „ First Clan__

ON SO

7 0 Morning. ,
5 30 Afternoon

CHESTER RAILWAY.

FROM MANCIIESTRR TO 1.'1.001..
First Class Second Class
- Morning.. 7 0 Morning
9 •10
11/1
11 15 „ ..11 45
2 0 Aftern. .. *2 45 Aftern.
5 0 ~..530
15 Evening .. 7 15 Mixed
7 Stop only at Newton tkPrkside I
lis Train does not start till Three
xuAvs.
First Class Second Class .
8 0 Morning.. 7 0 Mornin
5 0 Aftern. .. 5 30 Aftern,
7 15 Evening.. 7 15 Mixed
Stop only at Newton Prkside
AND WIGAN.
FROM MANCHESTER.
9 0 Morning.. First Class
11 15 ~
2 45 Aftern. .. Second Class
5 0 „ Mixed-
-7 15 .. First Class
NDAYS.
7 0 Morning..
5 30 Afternoon
ILTON.
FROM MANCH ESTICR
9 0 Morning.... First Class
11 15
2 45 Afternoon .. Second Class
5 30 „ ••••
•
MOAN,.
7 o horning.... Second Class
5 :10 Afternoon.. t,
lELENS.
FROM MANCIIESTKR,.
7 30 Morning.... Second Class
10 0 „
11 45 „ ••••
2 45 Aftorno,oll•. 50
5 30 ~ ••••
xpAYS.
I 7 0 Morning.
5 30 Afternoon..
'ORN GAP.
FROM MANCHESTER.
7 30 Morning.... Second Cla s
11 45 „ ••••
5 30 Afternoon .. IP
NDAYS.
I 7 0 Morning..:. Second CORM
5 30.. Afternoon

Mixed

Mixed

Wind at Holyhead S.S.W. blowing fresh during the day.
Off Holyhead, inward bound, at 2 80 p.m. No. 114, Dash, B.Sc,
from Newfoundland and Cork.

Ott Point Lynas, at 11 a.m. (has a pilot) No. 927. Magnificent.
B.S. from Savannah.

Off Great Ormshead, at 3 p.m. No. 927, Magnificent, and No,
4910, Wm. Jardine, B.S. at 4 p.m. for Gravesend and Calcutta.
Off Voel Nant, at 8 a.m. No. 219, Victoria, B.Bk. from Barbadoes,

VESSELS ENTERED FOR LOADING.

(SINCE OUR LAST PUBLICATION.)

TO 130

PROM LIVERPOOL.
s 45 Morning.... First Class
12 0 „ „
I 30 Afternoon .. Second Class
5 30

EAST INDIES, CAPE OF GOOD HOPE, &c.
Heart of Oak, J M'Donald, 326 Cape of Good Hope and Mauritius,
J Aikin & Son or J Poole & Co
WEST INDIES AND MADEIRA.

Blackaller, J A Cockram,
Fama, J Drown,
Velocity, J Flail, 1
Leo, J M Kendall,
Irish Lass, S Grundy,

136 Montego Bay, J Poole & Co
218 Kingston, Jamaica, J Poole &Co
166 Kingston, Jamaica, Cotcsworth & Wynne
230 Berbiee, W Fisher & Son
184 St. Thomas and Santa Martha,
W Rose & Co
298 Barbadoes, J M WoOd
1.51 Cape de Verds and Monte Video,
It Henderson & Son
T & H Murray

Jamaica, A Whyte,
Forth, It Glen,

Isabella, E Thorpe, 237 Demerara,
SOUTH AMERICA.

the sales
export ;
vessels

We have again to notice a very heavy arrival of Butter, the Cork
steamer alone bringing 6,000 firkins, and prices have consequently
experienced a further reduction of .8s to los per cwt. The finest
Carlow and Waterford finds purchasers with difficulty at 88s to 90s,
whilst middling qualities are unsaleable at 823 to 84s. There has
not, been a proportionate fall iii the price of pickled Butter, seconds
maintaining the figure of 94s to Os. Beef has become scarce, and
India is now worth .e 7 Ss per tierce; prime Mess, .46 lOs to £7.
Prime Mess Pork, 76s to 82s per barrel, and but little inquiry for
the article. Bacon very steady at the late advance, and a further
increase in price anticipated : prime heavy meat, 52s per cwt.
There has been rather an active demand for Lard at 58s to 62s per
cwt. for firkins and bladders.

The supply of Beasts at market to-day was much the same as
last week. There was a great scarcity of prime Beef, for which
very high prices were demanded, and sales effected at our last quo-
tations, 7id ; second quality, 7}d; .inferior, did to Od. The num-
ber of Sheep and Lambs was a little larger than last week. Prime
Wethers sold at Ocl to 7d ; second quality, 6#d ; inferior, tid. Good
Lambs in demand at 7fd to 8d; second and inferior quality, 7d to
7#(l.

Aguas
Montreal, Pot 23 0C 25 0
Pearl, new 3l 6 —3l 6
U. States, Pot., none.
Pearl.. none.
BARK; QUereit. l2 0— 13 0
Oak, 10, ton .. £5 0 6 10
German 3 10 4 15
BRIMSTONE, y. ton
Sicily, &c l2 10 13 0
Tuscany l2 10 13 0
CASSIA LIGNEA, S. d. S. d.
V. cwt. in bond 78 0 80 0
CLoymt-SEED, ewt.
American, red.. none
Dutch 70 0— 80 0
French & Gerni.7o 0-- 80 0
Cocoa,v cwt.
Trinidad 56 0— 65 0
Grenada
Brazil
COFFEE, qp, cwt in bond.
Jama. triage
ordinary
good& fine ord. 95 0-102 0
middling lo6 0-115 0
good mid.
fine mid. &c 126 0-140
Dutch, triage.,
60 0— 90 0
ordinary ....JJ
good &fine ord. 92 0— 96 0
middling 9B 0-101 0
good mid. 102 0-105 0
tine mid., &c.
Mocha lOO 0-125 0
Ceylon
Java
Havana
good& fine ord. 46 0— 52 0
St. Domingo 45 0— 48 0
Brazil 45 0— 50 0
Laguira 66 0— 68 0
Drxwoons,'.l. ton s. s.
Logwood, Jam... 7 15— 8 0
Hon. & Dorn. 7 15— 8 0
Campeachy .. 9 0— 10 0
Fustic, Span 5 5 5 15
Tampico (i 10— 7 0
Brazil
Cüba
NICARAGUA WOOD.
Rio de la Hache
solid
rough 6 0— 7 10
small 6 10— 8 0
Lima, solid l4 0— 16 0
Barwood, Ango 8 0— 9 0
Gaboon 5 0— 6 • 0
Camwood l9 0— 25 0
Red San. Wood 8 0— 9 0
FLAx, %. ton.
Riga. P.T.R.
P'burg, 9 head
Archangel 43 0— 50 0
Dutch & Plcm.
GALLS, 1?, cwt.
Turkey, blue
mixed 60 0— 70
East India 6O 0— 70 0
GINGER, ¶45
BarbadOes 45 0— 50 0
Jamaica 6O 0-120 0
E. India, in bond 12 0— 19 0
Gym, cwt.
Arabic, Turkey
East India 24 0— 55 0
Barbary 45 0— 50 0
Senegal 63 0— 0 0
s ton .t s. s.
P'burg, clean 36 0— 36 10
outshot 34 10— 35 0
Riga; Rhine
outshot 34 10— 35 0
Archangel
Manilla 27 0— 28 0
Bombay
Jute
Mims, Ox and Cow, P tb
B. Ayres and Monte Video, dry.
inferior & mid. 0 n_Bl
good & prime 0 91— 0 10
Do. salted . •
N. Amer. salted 0 0 43
Brazil
dry salted 0 53 0 61
Rio, dry
Valparaiso, dry 0 62 0 8
Odessa, &c. dry 0 6 0 7
W. India, dry 0 53 0 7
salted 0 42 0 41
East India ~
Kips, B.A. dry. 0 73 0 83
Horse, d. each 9 u —l2 o
HORSE HAIR, 49, lb.
Short
mixed
long tails 1 . 4 1 10
combed
lb. in bond.

Fortitude, Arbuthnot, 251 Rio Janeiro, Imrie & Tomlinson
Dryope, W Murray, 341 Maranham, Iluchanan 8: Hill
Georgina, N Hill, 227 Valparaiso, W & J Tyrer
Lady Campbell, J David, 139 Vera Cruz, M`Nair & Dutton
Mary Appleby, T Mackie, 264 Rio Janeiro, Cotesworth & Wynne
John Peat, H Lesile, 163 Santa Martha and Carthagena,
Imrie & Tomlinson

MADDER, 743 cwt. S. d. s. d.
Dutch, crop 70 0 —so
Ombro 50 0 —65 0
Gamene 32 0 —4O 0
Mull
French, S.F.
S.F.F 48 0 —52 0
E.S.F 54 0 —5B 0

su
Second Class

E.5.F.F.63 0 —7O 0
Spanish 4O 0 —3B 0
Moi.ASSXS, 91.). cwt.
Trinidad, &c 36 0 —3B 0
Demerara; 37 0 —39 0
Bar & Antigua.. 40 0 0 0
MUNJEET, cwt 14 0 —l5 0
OIL, Olive, '4) 252 gulls.
Gallipoli
Trieste 55 0 —57 0
Sicily 58 0 —59 0
Malaga 50 0 —5O 10
Portugal; &c 59 0 —52 0
Leva...;;;
Palm, +:cn 35 0 —36 0
Fish, 19, 252 gulls.
Seal, pale..
brown

7 0 Morning..
3 30 Afternoon

25 10 -26 0

23 0 —25 0
Cod 26 10 —27 0
LlNsnEu, cry cat 25 0 —26 0
Rape, pale do. 3B 0 —3B 6
Turpen. cwt 57 0 —57 6
RICE, cwt
Carolina, dress. 36 0

TO ST. I.

PROM MVP:RPM/1..
7 15 Morning Second Class
10 U „ It
11 45 „
2 3) Afternoon..
a 30 „ sr

in bond 24 0
Bengal, ord. do.. 11 0

•37 U

-25 6
-13 6

mid to fine l4 0 —l5 0
African none.
Rum, 4> gallon, in bond.
Jamaica, •
12 to IGo.p 4 G 4 9
stronger 4 10 5 10
choice marks 6 0 ti 4
SAFFLowea, 4/.
Bengal,

soon fine...e; o—7 10

Ord. & mid 2 10 4 10
Bombay
SALTPETRE, ¶p cwt. s. (I. s. d
East India 23 0 —27 6
South American 16 0 —l6 6
SHELL LAC, v. cwt. in hand.
orange 56 0 -95 0
liver and black
SKINS,
Neutria, 3 rlo.z
Chiuchilli, do.
Seal, each
:SHUMAC, CRI.
Sicily
Malaga
Trieste

11 0 -13 0

ON su:
7 0 Morning.... Second Class
5 30 Afternoon .. „

none
SU— S 6
70— 7 6
9 0 —lO 0

Verona..

Tyrolese ...

Bengal..
pur. & violet 0 0— 0 0
blue & violet 0 0— 0 0
blue
violet, g. & fine 7 0— 7 6
ord. & mid. 0 0— 6 9
violet & cop.l 5 6 6 6
mixed „
cop. g. & fine. 5 9 6 3
ord. & mid. 4 9 5 6
con. quality
Oude 2 3 5 9
Madras 3 3 5 6
Guatimala, V lb
Floras
Sobres 4 6 6 0
Cortes 2 3 4 3
Caracoas, Floras 0 3 6 9
Sobres 4 6- 5 11
Cortes
LAc DYE, 19' lb.
D.T. and prime. 1 6 3 0
mid. to good 0 8— 1 4
ord. & inferior 0 6 0 7i
MADDEIt ROOTS, tV) ewl.
Smyrna
Galipoli & Syria .. 0 0— 0 0
French 45 0— 47 0
Naples 44 0— 45 0

AGAR, 10, eat

.Second Class

B. P. Muscovado
moist brown .. 66 o —67 0
dry brown .... GS 0 —7l 0
good & mid.... 72 o —74 0
fine &v. fine .. 75 0 —7B 0
Mauritius, _

dabs and moist 64 0 —66 0
brown 67 0 —7O 0
yellow 7l 0 —73 0
fine yellow 74 0 -77 0
East India, Bengal
ord. white 6B 0
good and fine 720
extra fine 75
Manilla, in bond 20 0
Havana, do.

-70 0
774 0
-76 0
-23 0

. none

(10.
.. do.
do.

brown....
yellow
white ord..
good & fine
Brazil, in bond.
brown lB
yellow 22 6
white ord. 23 0
good and fine 25 0
TALLOW, 13 cwt.
P'burgh, Y.C. 50 6 —5l 0
Odessa 50 0 —5O 6
Archangel 47 6 —4B 6
Buenos Ayres 43 0 —49 0
TAR, 10, brl.
Stockholm l7 6 —lB 0
Archangel l7 0 —i7 6
Carolina l3 6 —l4 6
Virginia
TARTAR, 19. cwt.
Cream of Tartar 73 0 —SO 0
brown and yel 50 0 —6B 0
TNA, tb. in bond.
Bohea, Canton
Fokein
Congou, corn.

-22 0
-24 0
-•-24 0
-27 0

mid. to fine. 2 2 2 9
Twankay, 2 0— 2 1
mid. to good 2 2 2 3
Pekoe, Orange „ . 2 2 4 0
Campoi,
corn, to good none
liyson Skin 1 11 2 0
mid. to fine 2 3 2 4
Souchong, corn 2 0

good to fine 2 6 6
Pekoe, flowery 3 0 3 9
Hyson, coin. 2 6 2 7
fine 9 4 0
Young Hyson 2 6 3 3
Imperial
Gunpowder,
good and fine 3 2 4 0
Tosacco, 4), lb. in bond.
.1. River, Leaf 0 3 0 S.

Stemmed 0 3 0 8
Kentucky
Maryland
TURMERIC, V, Cwt in bond.
Bengal 28 0 —33 0
TURPENTINE, 13' Cwt.
American lO 6 —l3 3
VALONIA, 41. ton. s £ s
Smyrna, picked l4 0 —2O 0
Morea
WAx, Bess' cwt. in bond.
African 6 10 7 lc,
East India
American..

JUNE 15.
Prices. This day Last
RAILWAYS, &c. Per Share. Prices.
Birmingham and Gloucester BO paid 71 lit 0 ....
Ditto and Derby lOO .... 89 10 0 ....
Birkenhead and Chester
Ditto, new 5 11 10 0
Bolton and Leigh lOO paid
Bolton and Preston
Bristol and Exeter 25 .... 29 10 0
Chester and Crewe 45 .... 55 0
Dublin and Drogheda
Eastern Counties
Edinburgh and Glasgow
Ditto Leigh and Newhaven 9 paid
Glasgow, Paisley, & Greenock 17 paid 19 15 0
Glasgow, Paisley, Klima', 0 0 „
3.3
Greenock, and Ayr .30 paid
Grand Junction
Ditto half shares lO4 0 0 ....
Great Western 65 . 106 u 0
Ditto new shares
Hull and Selby
Lancaster and Preston
Ditto, new
Liverpool and Manchester
Ditto quarter shares
Ditto half shares 5O . 88 0 0 ....
London and Birmingham 9O . 182 0 0 ....
Ditto new shares
Ditto quarter shares
Ditto and Southampton 39 .... 55 5 0 55 10 0
Ditto & Brighton
London and Croydon
Leeds and Manchester 6O . . 84 10 0 ....
Ditto half shares
Leicester and Swannington 5O .... 71 0 0 ....
Ditto, (new)
Manchester, Bolton, & Bury
Manchester and Birmingham 25 .... 23 15 0
Ditto and Ditto Extension
Midland Counties
Newcastle and Carlisle lOO ....
Ditto quarter shares
North Midland
New North Midland 2O .... so 5 0 ....
South Eastern and Dover
North Union
St. Helen's and Runcorn Gap loo paid 0 0 0
York and North Midland to paid 67 10 0 ....
BANKS.
Royal Bank of Liverpool 500 . 735 0 0 ex div
Bank of Liverpool
- Commercial of Liverpool 10 .... 17 It 6 ....
- Liverpool Union lO .... 12 17 6 ....
- Northern and Central
- Albion
- North and South Wales lO .... 7 2 6 .
- of Manchester lO .... • 10 .2
- M'cliestcr & I.'pool Dsct. 15 .... 11 0 Q
- South Lancashire
Liverpool Banking Company
Borough Bank lO .... 15 2 6 .
Commercial Bank of England
East of England
Phoenix Bank
Wilts and Dorset 7 10s
GAS, WATER WORKS, &c.
Exchange Buildings
L'poul and Harrington Water } 350
477 113 0 .
Works
Bootle Ditto Stock....
L'pool Coal Gas Company , Stock....
L'pool New Gas & Coke Co. .4'loo ....
Ditto new shares are now paid up.
ASSURANCE COMPANIES
Liverpool Marine Assurance }
Company.
2.5 paid 2 10 0 .
Ocean Assurance Company.... 10 .... 5 60 ex div.
Liverpool Fire and Life 2 los. 110 6ex div
DOCKS, FERRIES, NEW COMPANIES, &c.
Anderton Carrying Company l5
Woodside Ferry
Egremont Ferry
Rock Ferry
Monk's Ferry
Steam Tug Company
Harrington Docks
Apothecaries' Company
Asphaltc (Liverpool; .
(Polonceau).

PRICES OF SHARES

5 ....

. 55 o o

`4 10 0

8 0 0

325 0 0 ..

12 10s.

19 . .
..100 ....
•)
4)

MARRIED.

370 0 0
18) 0 0

6 7 6.
7 5 0
6 12 6 .
57 0 0 .
6 17 6.
0 1 t 6 .
10 0 .

On the Bth instant, at St. Peter's Church, Mr. THOMAS E.
WKIERNAN, of this town, to Mrs. MARY FLETCHER, of Ken-
sington-terrace, Kirkdale, relict of the late Mr. J. Fletcher, solicitor,
Manchester.

Same (lay, at St. Mary's Catholic Chapel, Mulberry-street, Man-
chester, by the Rev. J. BilWigton, Mr. F. WARD, of Manchester,
to Miss JANE STUBBS, of Egremont.
On the gth instant, at St. Mary's Chapel, Edmund-street, Mr.
JOHN EDWARDS, boot-maker, to Miss ELIZABETH KERSHAW,
of Berington-bush.

On the-10th instant, at St. John's Church, Chester, by the Rev.
W. B Marsden, M.A. vicar, Mr. WILLIAM HUGHES to Miss
HANNAH JONES, both of that city. Mr. 11. is a blooming bride-
groom of seventy-five, and, on this occasion, to the credit of the
ladies, took to himself his fourth wife.

Same day, at Wavertree Church, by the Rev. William Badnall.
Mr. JOSEPH HARRISON, ironmonger, of this town, to MARTHA,
youngest daughter of JAMES ASHCROFT, Esq. of Wavertree.
Same day, at Lee Church, Kent, by the Rev. Robert Cavewood
Collins, WILLIAM EDWARD COLLINS WOOD, Esq. Kethwick.
in the county of Perth, to ANN WALLACE. daughter of the late
Lieutenant, Colonel GOODWIN COLQUI'I', of the Grenadier Guards'
