VA.acti 2. 18:-8

the} ate as, fatse.as hell,And that tliey Fillfipd in the resent file
,dhroriic.les the trial Alf one of the Qoaker;iprfneip. al witnesses,
who has been clearly convicted by. an impartial ItO•y, consisting (I
,kfadc,brOa.n., and white men, of PERJURY,. §tieeiring to a false
.affidavit which he himself did
.not sign: And yet, upon such
gross fabrications are the colOniits of Jamaica slandeied, and
the poor people of England. gulled! !-Kingston chron..Jan, 18.
On the continued agitation of Sitrrge and Co, the last
quoted. paper has the following observations :
• .",The.perusal of the report of several intemperate speeches
made, and Tesolutinns adopted at the late anti-slavery meeting
held at Exeter Hall, LondOn, on the. 23d November last, has.
inspired a feeling of unmeasured d'i'sgust and-contempt for the
author's who could dare to outi age Common sense by a detail of

the moltintprobable cruelties said to have been committed by the
planteri of this 'country. We have not time to enter into a de-
: tail orthe.charges we find -embodied in their resolutions: but,
we hesitate not to denounce them in general terms as false and
malicious. '1 he Big Beggarman, who remorselessly extracts the
last penny from the pockets of his starving countrymen to support
- his own 'political elevation, and who, for a bribe.or some equally
unworthy consideration, withheld his rote on the factory question
• —the Quaker grocers who desire the destruction of the western,
:to•advance the interests of the Eastern possessions, this hetero-
.- genous band of hypocrites, instead of transporting their sym-
.pathy-and humanity to foreign shores, had better exert those
inestimablaqualities in favour of their own oppressed and de-
luded countrymen, who are far more worthy of relief and con-
sideration than the well-fed and pampered peasantry of Jamaica.
Let Mein look to .their own. factories, manufactories, and public
works, to aheir own -grinding- -and oppressive enactments; there'
they will meet with an- appalling and harrowing -account of crime
and misery, unparalleled.in the history of any country, and re-
vating to the hnmaa mind to, contemplate. Almost
,eVery indivi-
dual who spoke at this meeting..espt•ested themselves diametri-
. tally oppoied to • any, further parliamentary inquiry into the
working of the apprenticeship. We do not wonder at this, be.
• cause they. dread the. exposure that Would assuredly follow.
They are fully aliVetii. the palpable truth, that, with ordinary
al,l bi).asted statements of facts would '
s9uu...hes.saved !_ttatiernents,, of lies,' and therefore; fearing
. further inwkiFy, they, desire. to carry their base views by
stratagem.; .4a specimen.of.the sort of proof Mr. Sfurge has
rested his case,:against. the, island of Jamaica upon, we refer to
• the trial of Joseph.Sntith, who has, been convicted of perjury."
We have much more of the same kind, which we may feel
dispoSed, on another occasion, to lay before our readers.
For the present we shalt conclude by submitting the fol-.
loWing Statistical detairs, 'respecting .the amount of ,pro-
visions itnported nit° •Kinkabit• 'alone for the last three
.• years. We omit articles ,of luxuryconfining ourselves
-to such. as form the principal
_articles of consumption
• •among the-negro population. What a contrast there is
'between the provision "made for the negroes and that en-
- .j•oyed by the labouring,'
,people. of ' England ! How the
poor inmates bf ottrWorkhon§e Basfiles Would rejoice
at the followin“it/ of fare !
• . ".Conceivingthat the following table of imports at the por
of Kingston Jor the years 1835, 1836, and 1837, may be of some
- use to our commercial friends, we have arranged them from the
books at the. Cotinnercial Rooms of this
1835. •

Butter 9760. firkins
Beef
1609; half brl
-
.Codfish ...::- 3558 bhds.

Meal
109 phns.
Pork
- • 4498 half do
Rice
•. • 1.53 half do
....
Salmon

1117. tierces
4417 boxes
Corn*. *-' 3287 'bags
Flour. 5852,1 barrels

58524 half do
• gerrings 2044 barrels
Lard . '
Mackerel —.11505 barrels
314 balfdo

• 459 barrels
Salt 79 hhds
874 tieices
Soap
656iboxes

Bread
4 , 608 half bl.

Ditto
Meal 5012 barrels
Ditto
Pork
Ditto 1452 half bl
RicT• 1245 tierces
Ditto
Ditto' 6669 bags
Satlinon
'Disfo
-Salt 832 hhds "
Ditto
Soap
Ditto

Butter
Beef 15!7 barrels
. -
_ Codfish ..... 4.462 hbds
1331. tierces
5232 boxes
Corn. . 7174, bags
Flour
--,-- 2162 half td
'Herrings 3llB barrels
.622-1-lirkins
• Mackerel , 6239 barrels

J. ;•
. ,
Bread . 6777 dittto Mackerel... 1418 hag hl
Ditto • 644 half bl "Meal
Butter. i.... 14336 firkins Ditto
Beef ....,.. • . 2210 barrels- Oil
Ditto ...... 1985 half 111 . Pork
Codfish .... 5936 Midi Ditto
Ditto ' 1728 tierces Rice
Ritto
,Corn .. ..... 3497 bags Rice ( 14012 bags
rittr A....—. 68613_ barrels Salmon
- Ditto ' - Salt..
' I-14rrings .'. , 0521 barrels •Salt 6B hbds
Lard .. 7098 firkins Soap
Mackerel.. ' 4903 barrels' Soap
In "acidition to this c,Opious supply' -of articles for the
consumption (chiefly) of the negro population; we need

scarcely remark that they have numerous luxuries of in-

digenous growth at their command, the greater part of
whicli are spontaneously produced, and of none which
require much labour in their coltivation.

14011-D MAIDSTONE'S MOTIO;*-7-PEFEAT, OF MINIS-
- it.it§,.—We sincerely congratulate the people of England
and,Scotland upon the. triumphant:mannei in which the
,infarnotritharge of that foul- mouthed-slanderer, O'Con-
nell, against the representatives of'hoth countries, has
'been met and answered by the Britiih ParliaMent. We
rejoice to find that there is still thiyalry enough left in
- the House of ComruOn4 to assert its own independence,
and to vindicate its insulted honour. We•rejoiee to find
that the blustering poltroon, who essayed to oast a stigma
on the character of the houSe,:has,been dealt with ac-
cording to Allis mekits. ;We .ventui.o, to hope that the
events of the present week will teach the. reckless black-,
guards, who compose. the Popish, faction in the house,
that their system of bullying will not do any'ionget
that the gentlemen of England are not to be trod under
foot by-the' ignorant bog-trotters of Ireland-7-that the
sanctity of an oath is considered to be a very different
thing by the Protestants of Great Britain to'. what it is
• deemed by the. alien Popish faction—and that unfounded
, imputations against the honour of British representa
lives cannot be suffered to escape unpunished.

For ourselves, we are exceedingly delighted -that
~O'Connell has, at length ventured to show more plainly
,the Cloven foot. 'We are glad that lre has afforded. so
,decided an opportunity for the Whig-radical -cabinet to
,evince their partiality for his own policy, to disvlay their
,entire acquieseenCe with his views, and their servile re-
liance upon his support.- We repeat it, that we un-
feignedly rejoice thaeso decided an; opportunity has been,
afforded for proving' the indissoluble alliance Thiel] has
,subsisted, and does subsist, between O'Connell and• the
.vviiig-radical cabinet. There_ can be, no longer any
doubt as to the Lichfield,House compactas to the
union of the .whigs with the Popish and anti-British fac-
tion. Lord John -Russell: and ' his associates in the
House -of -Coninions have rendered it to.o ev,ident to ad-.
-mit of a moment's doubt that O'Connell and.:the- Mel-
botirne stand ().1. fall together.' They
. -
are intimately• conneded—we might say wedded to-
gether, for better and
.for worse. The momentous dis-
cussion whickhas,taken place in, the House of Commons
places this matter beyond any doubt ; and the ministers
-must rest-satisfied, hereafter, with the appropriate desig-
nation of the Critn-Connellite Cabinet.
• We hate been particularly struck with the manner in
,which the motion of Lord MaidstOne was met by O'Con-

neliatid his associates. Instead of attempting any thing
•* like ajustification, they contented themselves with an
Abortive attempt to cast ridicule upon the whole affair.
This is just in. ' keeping with the genius of radicalism.
It is precisely.the course that we expect to find followed

• •by the radical pre,-S throughout the conntry:. What else
than ridicule ca9,.:vie expect. from the sophistical .A/bion,
7‘. lhesUbservlerkt_..Thiies, the blackgnaidiSh 7Wegraph, the
alevolent, bui inane ;and-'contemptible Merc,!ry, the
Billingsga!e.ChiOnictOnd the Popish Journal of this
lowa ? Witat i;lse but a'bitter and revengeful spirit can
fit expected from those who are the avowed apologistS
and sworn partizans of O'Connell himself? But we
feel thankful that such a spirit is repugnant to the feel-
. sings o.f independent Englishmen—that such sentiments
svit rne.et with no response from the lips of any true
lover of rational liberty—that such conduct will receive
an unhesitating cOndemnal ion 'from every one who has
- a:spark of loyalty or true patriotism in his bosom.
Lord Maiditone is entitled to the gratitude of his
countrymen. for the . stand which he has made for
the honottr and independence of the• English and Scot-
. tish.rnembers of Parliament, and for the noble daring
Which he :has, evinced in bringing the. arch-enemy of
14riti?l! liberties t 9 an account. The temperance,
