\ '''S

\,.. '

)r rifles. (Hear, hear.) While the law afforded
egitimate remedy, he could pot avoid observing
,uggestion was calculated to create much mist
:ountry, (Hear, hear.) He apologized to the hour,
isen on the present occasion, but, in the absenee
)ranch of the government with which he was
:onceived he should have neglected his duty had
rom offering these few observations to the house.
Mr. W. WHITMORE was not aware in what part
he elections to which the. hen. member for Bin
lluded, and the circumstances he had stated had

Le must say that it would have been impossible, w.
ection of the military, for the electors of WO
ave conscientiously recorded their votes in the
le usual protection afforded on such occasions was
astrumentality of the police, but if that was found
e must declare that it was absolutely necessary that
[mild have the protection of the military. (Hear,
sat the people of this country would never be ind
crown out in that house, or by instigation elsewh,
those means which had been shadowed forth on
ceasion. (Hear, hear.) He must also beg to add,
ace to the election to which he had alluded (Wolv'
sat if the military had not been called out, it was
rm conviction, that not only would the peace of the
een endangered, but that the scenes which had
iacted at Bristol would have been again performed ill
unpton. (Hear, hear.) He must also state that
mid be too great on the authorities for their cone
:casion to which he had referred.
Mr. T. ATTWOOD said, that in making the observe
ldressed to the house, he had not alluded to the late
rolverhampton.
An hon. -MEMBER said, that when such an asserti,

e name of the place ought to be stated. (Cries
one.")
Mr. T. ATTwoori said, that the place to which he
id where the infantry appeared with loaded musk,
valry galloped up to the hustings, was the borough
the county of Staffoid.
Mr. FORS TER said, that as member for the born,
11; he craved the indulgence of the house while he
two observations upon the present occasion. (7
d heard with surprise the, remarks which had beef
e hon. member for Birmingham, and he was the'
shed to hear those remarks applied to the contest
ugh he (Mr. Forster) represented, as the whole fat
mstances of that election must be, well known b'
ntleman, who had himself been present (hear), an
might be said " quorum pars magna fuit." (11'
e (Mr. Foster) could state that it had been anour
rsons deputed to attend at Walsall by the other car
representation of that borough (who was no other,
of the hon. member for Birmingham himself), tbP,
al were to come from Birmingham to attend the ele
alsall. He could, also state that nearly 20,000
ne, headed and preceded by men hi military uniform''
tonging to no corps (hear); that those men made
the inn in which the electors in his (Mr. Forster's),
re congregated for the night; that upwards of 30!
re apprehended for the riot, and that great numbello
ctors in the. popular interest had been seriouslY,st
ear.) It was true thaton the following day the
tn sent for, but not until the election has virtuabij
ear.) The military had not, however, been called
ent time to preserve those who had voted conscivo
m injury, though happily they did arrive time ei3o
e the town of Walsall from the fate of Bristol,
null
e magistracy and authorities of Walsall and its DT
td had on that occasion acted with great moderatio
iartiality, and not only with a painful vigilance to fey
town, but also the uninterrupted exercise of thy
uchise. ( Hear, hear.) He (Mr. Forster) was reP,f,ei
merits of the question before any tribunal that '''
mber for Birmingham might choose. (Hear, hear.) r d
Ir. T. ATTWOOD was prepared to come to the 1),!10°
se to show that the whole of the disturbances wlaich'oll
red had originated in the interference of the spech,ol
des, who had themselves broken the windows, and tXt
eked children, and thereby excited the irritation of
ts. J" Oh! oh !")
Er. DUDE stated that he had himself received a pet,_iti°t'fl,
lsall (as we understood) to the same effect as '040,1
been presented by the hon. member for BirminPl4ll
ch he (Mr. Hume) had delayed in bringing forlv3„
vas aware that the hon. member for Walsall was 111'))
0
petition stated that the military were in the towl'oti
polling, so that the statements now made were some,
lance. He should now abstain from saying more ;(11
a that he should present the petition with which he b
usted to-morrow. .1;

r. BrexixcaLiat. supported the prayer of the Pp
tely, that all elections where military interference
I should be declared null and void.. Every inemb:Aci,
,each constituency must know, that the law provid
of -
oval of military to a certain distance from the place co:
, in order' that no such interference might take plue:
question now, might be whether, in many instane
derence had been necessary; and ho thought 00
d deny that in Sheffield, on the late election, the inter,oi
improper. In the case of Sheffield, before any,thict
spired to warrant the introduction of a military o,rhe
Lary were sent for, and were met ten miles from
he magistrates, who ordered them to load; the.)'
ied in Sheffield, and were notten minutes in the tovOlo.
out interference with them by the people, they issu
nn yard in which they were congregated and tired uri
Ile; a poor watchman on duty in the preservatiqf
e was killed, several children who were passing
tided, 'and innocent blood had been shed. (Hear.) for
said that constitutional means were provided
?ss of such grievances, but lie begged to remind 11013;
that an inquiry at the bar of the house could not ,
I or carried on at an expense short of .£2,000, and the.
he would askr could poor persons (who were the tt
e sufferers on such occasions) proceed? (Hear.)
.ed that prevention was at all times better than Cu
aped that when the subject of vote by ballot was b
r the consideration of the house, some provisions'
for taking the poll at elections in such a way es to
nterference of military unnecessary and unknown.
1 hon. MEMBER (name unknown) had heard fregd,o
had been present the circumstances attending the
ference at Sheffield, and from what he knew-he e,°,,e,
if any such interference was justifiable it was at
y it the town had been saved.
hon. MEMBER (also unknown) begged to 'be DIA° , 1
•
if the representatives for Ireland, to observe that ItY)
effects of military interference at elections had be
and that in the county with which he was conueetbefo
had the military been marched into the town, but
'e the committee-rooms of some of the candidates•
e petition was ordered to lie upon the table. lad
T. ATTWOOD presented a petition from the Mil
1 Union of the working classes, complaining of,to
he 121
in the King's speech and in the address froOk-ss
y reference to the grievances of the working class too' Lt
aunity, and regretting that measures of coer63°llo,lllir
nrC should have been called for in both the fpeCebiio
'ss. The
_petitioners prayed the abolition,of 'v(Ci3e"
bread, malt, soap, hops, tea, sugar, and tobacco,
aught...) be
ier petitions were also presented by several hon. °/d.
ng for the abolition of negro-slavery, the assess,.llgt
axes on knowledge, r
tithes, corn laws, and s
disturbance suppression bill; and
PEASE presented a petition from Jacob Webb, !' rflein
e county. of Somerset, praying for an alters. Led
nof the established church. The petitioner Ic:s pr -or
should be 52 bishops, a bishop for each county
led for, who should. confine themselves to teachingl
Ling thei gospel, and who should have no concern
ative proceedings.—The house ajourned at half-Past

ELECTION COMMITTEES.

terday two committees were chosen by ballot to t 0 f
of election Petitions. The following are the results
:d lists :

PETERSFIELD BOROUGH. I
George Cayley Sir John Johnstone
rard Buller, Esq. Josiah Wedgwood, E 81.054.1
Lry Handley, Esq. I Robert Throckmorton,
i. H. V. S. Jerningham I Hon. George Lamb
V. W. Pendarves, Esq. I R. A. Slaney, Esq. I
William Chavtor
committee having retired to the Speaker's (41°1'1?
he Hon. George Lamb to be their chairman.

OXFORD CITY.
lamin Handley, Esq. Hon. C. A. W. rell'°°:
rhomas Fremantle William Pinney, 94.
l Villiers Josiah J. Guest, En' g,
iam R. Clayton, Esq. J. J. H. Johnstone, s'
hew Sharp, Esq. William Verner, Esq'
and Walker, Esq. ilt
ng retired to the Speaker's chamber, the ni n
3ir Thomas Fremantle to be their chairman.

MR. SADLER'S TEN HOURS' BILL.

Thursday week a public meeting of the electors and
of the borough of Manchester was held in the Exchange
;-room, for the purpose of discussing the propriety of pe-
-ig the leaislature to pass Mr. Sadler's Ten Hours' Fac-
}Sill, or some other measure equally efficient. The follow-
excellent address, delivered by Mr. Condy, the barrister,
Vates so powerfully and clearly the object for which the
' was held, that we cannot refrain from laying it before
..ters:—
~• CoNDY rose, amidst loud cheers, to propose the first re-
Len- He remarked on the anxiety he had felt, ever since had done him the honour to request his assist-
, as to the manner in which he should discharge the duty
had confided to him. Long ere Mr. Sadler had agitated
nestionth
(Mr. Condy) had been fully conscious of the
of e, he
evils of the present factory system; but how he
public
otre'adl the matter to bear in such a manner as that, with-
tratt nig an), party further than a necessity for declaring
should oblige him he could make a due impression
mind, he had been much puzzled to discover ;
even now his thoughts were not so collected as he could 'wished, his thoughts
and oppoftunity allowed of his arranging
ri
,a3.ore completely. He felt somewhat comforted, how-
r coneerniug, them, however,
t......b3.r. some allusions on the subject which he had seen in
,d'aeY were rather premature, to be sure; but still they
to guide him, in some dearee, as to the mode he should
210 treating of the Criestion Before he said anything
rially intend , however,he should state
aunanit, tended to discuss the matter : first, as a question
6
Mr ---" ; next, as to the . propriety of legal interference ;
the , as to the effect of interference or non-interference
''Leondition and prosperity of the country. Ile must be
'''?werer, how he treated of the matter on the score of
`137.; for the letter to which he had alluded, and which had
Printed and circUlated, though without a name, stated that
to and
Elect sYmpathies of the people of England were soon ex:
.. rais that, therefore, the question ought not to be so treated
4 clues?. those feelings; but that it should be argued solely
lf • I°ll of policy, in order that a calm and dispassionate
in it Might be afforded. The same sentiment was advo-
- leavecl " the public journals • therefore he (Mr. Candy)
Latll: mit the pathetic ; he must' tell of the tortures endure
i as •LS% and the injuries inflicted upon their tender frames,
w it a
, ,aa'ected the commercial interests and the body politic.
a.-tgiad. to find, however,. from the number of names at 7
.__,o the
t
that humanity was not yet out of date,
t 4: ),:a tktere seemed some danger that this antiquated virtue
t disappearing And was it possible that in the 19th
(ail of the Christian era, there was less humanity than in
beat4d Y aes of eathen worship? The Romans had.their
,'s certainly; and Titus ordered 11,0 W pair of gladiators
LII tllZr!ficed at one exhibition; but even when that state was
' ni; act;o'lat of annihilation the sentiment of humanity was not
Is
't se"ted ' judging from the extract he had referred
as, g sub s
among Engliihmen. And when the sentiment was
4
at q4t.eY advocated in the theatre at Rome, in a play written by
the whole aud. se and applauded. But there was
ience ro .
,Itcled"ris difficult which he had al-
see -' '3' whichY started by the Jour l nal to w
t(,,,,tar he (Mr. Condy) was a most beaten from his
`0 th.' °and—the propriety of legal interference. They were
'Peet; ''.t the recent disclosures-.- in- the House of Commons te-
atter•ng the r.,
ath Why no • net-
(tart
re „ actory system. were not on o .. .
oil oath. '.."e statements of the writers in question oi .
lent', e • i oath. In
i ily , i justice au oath was the condition for admitting testi-
-4'48 ' -aimicrf • cor for reward to the
2,, 0a 4,1..0 for punishment on another,
"tt• -'itic' th t't was not necessary for every-
-4 . •eu3,, II 1
11 Ititere who stated a fact on his own veracity,. and who had
Ish`ksser st
°lle
c„., Way or the. other, to make an affidavit of what
8:7;1 tht,—`• (Hear ) Oh but the evidence was ex-parte.
•,etts cis as if 6a
man .crere to be knocked down in the
1-4,1?.,ei -4,p" get his brains almost beaten out, and upon appeal-
-1 'the 1411? 2- a magistrate to make his complaint, was told that his
-ey Le
WaS ex- rte.(Cheers and laughter.) Thus, when
6140 111)r°ceeded t xil
Abe ealth and o eve ope t
infant
he inuries of the factory syste.m td
rh Were told morals of the popu a i . l fon enaaged in it,
were ~, that their statements were ex-palte. • Yes, and
°f the • to
twisted ' s the scrofulous diseases, the affections
th idd..._spine,,
e,' ores figs, and the numerous other
maladies
engendered by
Nty) at factory-system. (Loud cheers.) . When he (Mr.
t f od
4114 -et thw;as ve you nn. he used to think that sufficient o
Ile'e.o-41' and- reasonable portion of air and exercise, were
td
, 4ar,. „b,a
t%e 4i43" tor health and comfort. He had lived, however, to
)Ph fhl3tiOns amended. He found that evidence was gi 'yen
' 44•4 . h. h ' Ithful as a polluted atmos-
,',.re. “ at there was not ina so ea.
4:ri, , Lilat • b
rat nothing conduced so muchto
Ye 44 r .„
all above seven
Mier tinge;u flours labour per day on . .
and that food was almost a superfluity. (Cheers.)
lastl ;44:acting to the gigantic efforts of Messrs. Sadler and
-41), ere .'n the cause of the factory amelioration, Mr. Condy
sae
ohanitained the expediency of protecting infancy from un-
-I.ll4ettrescion and fraudulent contract. In support of this ar-
jalth; l,e alluded to the law as regarded minors among the
'l' sift- i`asses who ere almost exempted from the paymen
the•iast debts w • • tion He next ailuded.to
it,- by leislative sane •
,ktlie australioofthe Poor Laws as affording another in•
fed t° of id
_. h
overseers were permit-
,t to ref gisiative interference, as the
ark i !Ise relief to those persons who had
children able to
1141'd
.4
tact°
•evident that the law was not back-
s,•
HI . ries. It was .r, h interfering • and, as it was admitted . that the law could
tnight e °dr: Conti' ) oed it would be admitte adth t the law dy)
tiles ea.rty as i Y .•M Con-
to correct its errors. He (. r.
Wel* clught if theusb isle
parents to send liildrett to
,b,_. at . law constrained
' qua rood rtes at such an early age as it now did, in order to
hose
(41lg , the 1 ttl e law could do was to remove t .
shia tegoiati eas i .
h the system was carried on, and
.. ablate i ons under which INtile es 4 their place a measure som , e &nine- like that of Mr.
Nye(' • (Lend cheers He (Mr. Condy) had once cond-
eaten .
at he v„
the ...tnea ~
gl, ‘-.. the was
an adept.
Adam Smith and other writers on
1,,-aaject whoopinionsnott
to have some weight, that ran
tear t'ac'iti worth foTleorewinwgo which would not repay wearttehethemasterd,
tad'affe°l a liberal profit for capital andri k
But- the time for en-
. tlt_oaitlinn, ample wages to the.workmangene_y.
b (Laughte.r.)
e 00, 6. Suell absurd doctrines was
fashion
—Y in •a a• • in • -thing was now the
`-er, car, 4 :rectums and eve')
• nd he (Mr.
‘.ad-can in sentiment as well as substance , a
when
de 3-1 belleved he should fall into disrepute with some,
R,-said that he saw the canker of decay in that system which alia keepotiler up the commercial interests at the expense of every
tai part of the community. (Hear, hear.) But he was
deter-
i rkli.ed to take his stand on the old-fashioned ground of mo-
te LY, in considering the question ; and he should proceed
4,,sabrait a variety of evidence,--evidence, mind, which was.
thlt sworn to,—(great laughter,)—in support of his views
.431
ease He contended that the system of infant slavery (he
1:11,t1 say—of creeping and slow infanticide) far from adding
ci tte wealth of the country, had a directly contrary effect.
to,o..._then alluded to the poor rates, which he slated amounted
tit i.'elit 1:7,000,000 annually, and said that a great portion of
attsrate was devoted to the maintenance of public tranquillity..
t4e" baanuf t ' di •ts such had been the increase of
, N...._ . ac unng
.sti:ic , .
ligkt-i'lf rate, and the diminution in the value of -alue of manufacture,
se ° believed the proportion of that rate won
r, 114, ld be found to
), -T. ki‘lent to the whole of the actual profits of the manufactu-
-1 ell ~--`e ~,' ld not make affidavit of this (laughter;) but he
`tteizie.,;:i iv
tu be the ca,e and he should, perhaps some day,
4° c•-v‘ to "make it appear. When he considered. the.burden:
llite),- nature of this poor rate in Lancashire, and the inconve
,_''f fee: cd: k • the population down to the lowest minimum
a keeping
*lii' -- and the greatest maximum of labour,
te,,nided of the apolo m of .zEsop and the golden egg—we
limed to be in the act of killing our goose. Mr. Condy then
th,eeeded to state that the factory system tended to. deprave
I,,pecies, both physically and morally, and he racial. d
eoN?eal summary further
in support of the fact. He then, _ _
thrination of the case, read the following extract from. M.r.
the.
,2.411ees smell in the House of Commons ou moving
''',ond reading of the Factory Bill.
and rest
a„` Without sufficient intervals for food, recreation, a . .
h"„a continued often through the night, in rooms artificially
Iviated, lighted by gas, in which the atmosphere i:s also other-
-1.;3e so polluted and offensive, as to render it, as it is stated, by
th%)iration, even for a few minutes painful. They attribute. to
ti,is system of labour in many cases, first, languor and debility,
ei,tness, loss of appetite, pulmonary complaints,. such as dilli-
Aq V of breathing, coughs, al' mo
other andr I.
coonilesuizetamaness
.;
while
ai,t.
t4('ommon in factories,
consequencesan are not prodicecl, the
144,.ee more distressing
ene_,
d the growth impeded, and life
Nseular power is less
!t)ttly shortened. Deono f itY is also acommon and distress-
ti result of this overstrained and too early labour. The
%
to the earthly
4.e in which the animal, in contradistinction
fat s,
' early hie are then pliable,
saer is known to prevail in , .
itaa ,
b„., often cannot sustain
injury. Hence, those of the
13' for •ny hours without
e,,, become ....0 Illa
foot, which is composed of
archof the .
ht' bent; the
form, .
is pressed down and its
el,tral of those of a wedgelikearises that disease of the foot
tteicity destroyed, from which
in factory districts. The
st,i! lately described but common
and its processes inept-
-1 "e•often greatly affected, .
ati , also, is occasioned.
great deformity is
FO' protruded, by which also d •
tension. Hence the
hit' tendons also fail by over pressure aen
and
angel(, are over-
strale joints such as those of. the k q
called knock-knees and lame
qtititled producing the deformity
Thus are numbers of
'-hills, so exceedingly common in. mills.
and frequently
I•e4Pen distorted and crippled inearly life,
p(e)ered incapable of any business whatever."
(I‘l the horrors,
I'. Condy) had often remarked to others that

led an
ing t"'".
ischiet
Touse Of, 0
ice 0f SA uTt
e
a
i
:,ill; 'l.ll.li'l
s coo
.1111i.' of
e
Coop
kre4(l,
he late 1,,,..0e,
was th e`"4 n.
Ind 04' tte°Tlsll
that the e had
xHe Y had
1
lr. ) • t, e,
ridUCCatt' ktelutiteil
where,
h illd of
on t-eil Itt ufre
add, 0 etr ll'
olverli thlith
ras his Ad be
in
r the to ye 91
d beell ew„,ial
ned ill erg Cc
that 1)° 11t Y '
conduct A„lie----(1 th
•fll4°Pt itc
rvationY4t.ther 'le
late e' ginaill
Lion 042 iiirlicTlaal
ies of ' 14 th.'enl
, ary, ho,
le hau
'tier,
askete,o pri‘i,
igh of 'e pit
f ittu antY'
rougiV ta',,,
hiene) 4
~._es
(Be , lewl,•,
beep / aced i'll II
the D/ '44 lea
;est Or ' 'Y iltra ''
!„ fueo,, ,ely
_'l.t
Iby I.!: e .till
and 0A '
h_as
(Hey th to
4:
cuantlewo ';
:::ilaiill'
paler.
.1 e ~Y..i y (
